VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 30.
PLACING THE BIG GUNS
TO REDUCE SANTIAGO
NOT ENOUGH
SUPPLIES FOR
THE INVADERS
Serious Problem Confront
ing General Shafter at
Santiago.
Starving Cuban Soldiers Die From
the Effects of Eating Raw
Bacon.
fceclaj cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 189S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
GENERAL. SHAFTER'S HEAD
QUARTERS, Juragua, June 28 (by
Call-Herald dispatch boat Mindora,
Port Antonio, Jamaica, June 29).— N0
general movement on Santiago need be
expected this week. It is possible Gen
eral Shafter will attack the beleaguered
city on Monday, but he will not do so
unless heavy artillery to insure the suc
cess of the movement has been placed
in position by that time.
This work of transporting field and
siege guns is going forward all the
time. New difficulties are encountered
every day, but General Shafter is de
termined all shall be made ready for
the attack at the earliest possible mo
ment.
General Shafter continues to give
much attention to th« landing and for
warding of supplies as well as ammu
nition. Since the troops came ashore
the food problem has been a serious
one. It was made doubly so by the ar
rival of General Garcia's men. These
4000 Cubans, who had struggled for
weeks with almost no food at all, made
a noticeable impression on the food
supplies provided for the invading
army.
It was unnecessary for General Gar
cia to lay emphasis on the need of food
for his men. Their condition was such
aB to appeal at once to the American
commander. He gave orders to fur
nish an immediate supply of food to
the Cuban patriots. They were fam
ished and began eating well, but not
wisely. Many of the Cubans had been
without substantial food for so long
that they fairly gorged themselves un
til, as I mentioned in a previous dis
patch, matters began to look serious
for the American troops. They feared
they would not have enough food left
for their own sustenance after the Cu
bans had been fed.
Now comes the touching sequel to
the incident of the feeding of the Cu
bans. So desperate was their condition
that four of Garcia's men, including an
aid on General Castillo's staff, have
died from the effects of over-eating.
General Castillo's aid asked for food
and was given some siue-of-bacon
which he devoured raw, being too hun
gry to wait until the bacon could be
cooked. He was found dead the next
morning, sitting under a tree. Content
ment was written on his countenance
and the remai .s of his feast were
clasped tightly to his heart. Three
GENERAL PANDO, WHO IS ODVONCING WITH A COLUMN
OF 8000 MEN TO RELIEVE THE BELEAGUERED
SPONIORDS IN SANTIAGO.
The San Francisco Call
other Cubans after being supplied with
food by the steward of one of the
American transports gorged thamselves
and swam ashore. They died before
morning and their bodies were swollen
to enormous proportions.
General Shafter, aside from the ques
tion of supplies. Is much pleased with
the condition in which the invading
army finds itself to-night after six
days of work on land. Our troops at
one point are within three miles of
Santiago and another division of the
army Is close under Morro Castle. From
the camp it is Impossible to observe all
of General Linares' preparations for
defense, but the Americans express
little doubt that the Spaniards will
make a desperately bitter resistance.
Admiral Sampson's men, it is learned
here, succeeded to-day in raising the
Santiago cable. Before this dispatch
reaches you probably a cable station
will have been established at Agua
dores, only two miles tvoax Morro
Castle.
From a Cuban v-ho escaped through
the Spanish lines last night General
Shafter learns General Linares has
massed 12,000 troops in Santiago and
that he is determined to make desper
ate resistance. This Cuban confirmed
the reports that food was scarce in
Santiago and said the Spaniards were
eating horse flesh.
Another conference between General
Shafter and General Garcia will take
place to-day at Siboney, which now Is
the base of operations of Garcia's 4000
Cubans.
CUBANS REPORT PANDO
EN ROUTE TO SANTIAGO
Probably Saw His Force Before It
Was Forced to Turn Back to
Manzanillo.
ON BOARD THE ASSOCIATED
PRESS DISPATCH-BOAT DAUNT
LESS, OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA,
Tuesday, June 28, via Kingston, Ja
maica, June 29. — From two Cuban offi
cers picked up by the Vixen it has been
learned that General Pando Is moving
eastward from Manzanillo with 8700
Spanish troops for the purpose of as
sisting the beleaguered city of Santi
ago de Cuba. The Cubans had come
to Ascrradero In small boats with dis
patches from General Rios for Ad
miral Sampson and General Rabi. They
report that General Pando has with
Continued on Second Page.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JUNE 30, 1898.
LIEUTENANT VICTOR BLUE, U. S. N., WHO HAS TWICE PASSED WITHIN
THE SPANISH LINES AND RETURNED WITH VALUBLE INFOR
MATION.
CAMARA IS
WAITING AT
PORT SAID
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by Jamea Gordon Bennett.
PORT SAID, June 29.— Admiral Camara has asked for coal
and awaits the reply of the authorities. He hopes to proceed on
Thursday. One man has been landed suffering from smallpox.
Admiral Camara has decided to leave the destroyers. The repairs
to the Audaz will consume ten days from to-day. It is practically
impossible to take the destroyers across the Indian Ocean, as the
southwest monsoons are very heavy between Aden and Colombo.
NEW YORK, June 29.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Embarrassed by lack of funds and in
need of coal. Admiral Camara's squad
ron still is lying at Port Said, unde
cided as to its future destination. Solely
governed as it is by the movements of
the Spanish fleet, the naval war board
has not definitely determined the date
when Commodore Watson's Eastern
squadron shall sail for Spain.
This is the situation to-night with re
spect to the offensive squadrons of
Spain and the United States. So many
contingencies grow out of the next
move by Spain that the authorities are
anxiously awaiting news of its making.
It is appreciated it must be made soon,
for Admiral Camara is paying berthing
and anchorage dues at Port Said for
the fifteen vessels under his command.
These will become due within ten days
from the date of his arrival, and they
have to be paid in money acceptable to
the canal commissioners.
I obtained to-day confirmation of th«
estimate made by the Herald this
morning that before the arrival of
Camara's fleet the American represen
tative at Port Said purchased all the
coal available and will hold it at that
point for any American men-of-war
operating in the vicinity.
Camara, according to advices re
ceived at the State Department to-day,
is trying to arrange for coal, and
French merchants are understood to
have been approached with a view to
the dispatching of colliers to the Span
iards' rescue.
The authorities confidently believe
Camara will return to Spain, but they
do not expect he will leave his present
position for several days at least
Meanwhile the agents of this Gov
ernment are vigorously protesting
against his stay at Port Said on the
ground that it is in violation of the
provisions of the convention of 1888, de
creeing the neutrality of the canal and
its entrances.
The Eastern squadron now forming
for service against Spain will not start
for Spain until after Santiago has fall
en and until colliers which are now on
their way to Hampton Roads have re
ceived their batteries and have taken
on as much coal as they can carry.
WAR MINISTER WANTS
THE SQUADRON RECALLED
Senor Sagasta, However, Overrules
Him With Dynastic Con
siderations.
NEW TORK, June 29.— A World Ma
drid special says: The War Minister
and the military authorities again ad
vocate that the fleet be called back In
case America sends a squadron here,
but Sagasta has invoked international
and dynastic considerations to send it
on.
SENOR CORREA INDULGES
IN SLIGHT PREVARICATION
MADRID, June 29.— 1n an Interview
this afternoon Lieutenant Colonel Cor
rea, Minister of War, said the Govern
ment had no special news from Cuba,
but took a favorable view of the situa
tion. He asserted that Admiral Ca
mara's squadron had begun the pas
sage of the Suez Canal.
It is announced that the Vittoria,
the Numancla, the Alfonso XIII and
the Lepanto, all armored cruisers, are
ready to form the third squadron. The
armored cruiser Cardinal Cisneros and
the torpedo gunboat Dona Maria de
Molina, with several auxiliary cruisers
and torpedo-boats that are to be in
cluded, will be ready shortly.
THREE LINERS SENT
OUT FROM CADIZ
Special rable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
GIBRALTAR, June 29.— The trans-
Atlantic steamers Isla de Luzon and
Ignacicr Loyal have sailed from Cadiz
for an unknown destination. It is of
ficially suggested that they have gone
on an important mission to Porto Rico,
but it is more probable that they .are
humbugging off somewhere. The Gov
ernment must laugh in its sleeve at the
mysterious antics necessary to keep the
popular mind occupied. It is wonderful
how they succeed. At the street cor
ners and in the cafes amateur diplo
mats are teeming with grotesque theor
ies and plans as to where the ships
have gone or where they ought to go.
It is a clever scheme, but infinitely
amusing.
The ironclad Alfonso XIII has caused
many difficulties in the dock. An at
tempt is being made to remove her
mast and give her more stability for
the purpose of adding bulwarks fore
and aft, also two sponsoned barbettes.
When completed she will be no good,
and her repairs have almost amounted
to the price of a new vessel.
The Vittoria is practically completed.
She is armed with six 24-centlmeter
guns. Spaniards are mounting two
batteries on Chorruelos Hill, overlook
ing Algeciras, in case an invading 1
squadron attempts to seek shelter off
Gibraltar.
CAN TAKE
SANTIAGO
VERY SOON
But Shafter Is Lotb to
Lose Many of h|is
Men.
However, Prompt Action Must Be
Ta^en Before Linares Gets
Re-enforcements.
WASHINGTON, June 29.— General Shafter has re
ported to General Miles that he can take Santiago in forty
eight hours, but indicates that the undertaking might in
volve considerable loss. He is fully aware of the approach of
Spanish re-enforcements, and it is believed here that he in
tends to take the town immediately and that news of a battle
might be expected at any time.
WASHINGTON, June 29.— The opin
ion prevails here that within a day or
two at most General Shafter will have
begun his attack upon the city of San
tiago proper. The important event of
the day was the general's announce
ment that he could take the city in
forty-eight hours, but at considerable
loss. Taken In connection with the
announcement contained in another
dispatch that he is going to attack
without awaiting re-enforcements it
will be seen that the officials have
ground for their expectation that the
first general engagement of the war
will begin in a very short time.
Numerically +he opposing armies are
not very different, the estimate of the
Spanish force being placed at 14,000
men, thoroughly entrenched and behind
barbed wire fences and blockhouses, as
against about 18,000 men under Shaf
ter's command, aided by 4000 Cubans.
One of the gravest elements in the
problem, however, Is the Spanish war
ships, for unless Shatter is materially
assisted by Sampson, who might engage
the full attention of the Spanish ships,
their fire on the American advance
would be very hard to meet.
The military authorities here say that
General Linares has shown great mili
tary tact in slowly retiring during the
last few days, as he has gradually
drawn our troops from the protection
of the American ships and brought
them close to the fire of the Spanish
ships in Santiago harbor. For this
BRIGADIER GENERAL H. W. LAWTON, U. S. A., WHO
COMMANDS A DIVISION BEFORE SANTIAGO.
General Lawton Is a veteran of the last war and
was awarded a medal of honor for distin
guished aallantry In the Atlanta caropalan.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
reason it was with relief that the an-
nouncement was received here that
Shafter had succeeded in landing all of
his artillery, including his siege train,
for unless Sampson can be relied upon
to force his way into the harbor and at
tack the Spanish ships the siege guns'
planted In heights commanding the bay
will be the main reliance of General
Shafter in offsetting the presence of
the Spanish ironclads.
Undoubtedly Shafter is animated to
attack as soon as possible by his
knowledge of the approach of the re
enforcements for Linares from Man
zanillo, for, with this additional force,
Shafter's position would be disagree
able, if not perilous, at least until he
had received re-enforcements. The War
Department received the first definite
news to-day as to the approach of
these Spanish re-enforcements. Thi3
was in an official dispatch, stating that
8000 men, with pack train and droves of
animals, were advancing from Man
zanillo and were fifty-four miles from
Santiago. It has been known through
reports from Lieutenant Joyce, made to
General Miles, that the Spaniards have
12,000 men at Manzanillo and 10,000 at
Holguin, and every precaution has been
taken to guard against their advance
from either quarter.
The official report to-day showed
that 8000 of those at Manzanillo had
covered half the distance to Santiago,
and it is the belief of military officials
here that General Pando is making
similar advance with his 10,000 men2
THE SITUATION ABOUT SANTIAGO.
Birdseye view of the scene of operations in Eastern Cuba, showing the positions of General Shafter's army of investment on the Rio Guama, within sight of the beleaguered city
and General PandWs column of 8000 men advancing from Manzanillo, with pack trains and cattle, to its relief.
The cities of Manzanillo on the west, Holguin r- 1 Gibara on the northwest and Maravi on the northeast, held by large bodies of Spanish troops from which further re-enforce
ment? may be draw : n, are indicated by small Spanish flags. Small Cuban flags on the connecting roads show the presence of detachments of General Garcia's army. A part of Sampson's
blockading squadron Is shown in the foreground.
from Holguin. These advances, now
practically unopposed, are regarded as
one of the most serious phases of the
situation. There is the further element
of which the military authorities are
giving careful attention, that one man
intrenched behind earthworks or. in
rifle pits is worth three men in the
open. It is said that the battles of
('hanrellnrsville and Spottsylvania af
forded the most direct proof on this
point.
It was announced at the War De
partment that by their reports 3000 sol
diers should be leaving Tampa to-day
to Join Shafter. They will be three or
four days on the voyage, and it is prob
able that it is this force that General !
Shafter refers to as likely to arrive too I
late for his action.
SHAFTER AND ARMY
THANKED BY CONGRESS
WASHINGTON. June 29.— The War
Department has posted the following
bulletin:
"PLAYA DEL ESTE, June 29, off
Siboney. June 27. — Hon. Russell A.
Alger, Secretary of War: The graves
of the dead are marked so that there
will be nc mist-ke in Identification. The
health of the command is reported to
me by the surgeons as being remarka
bly good. Outside of the wounded there
are to-day less than 150 men sick. So
far no wounded have died and but two
men have been lost through disease
since leaving Tampa. SHAFTER,
"Major General Commanding."
The War Department also gives out
the following cable correspondence:
"WAR DEPARTMENT, WASHING
TON, June 25. — Major General Shatter,
Commanding, etc.: The President di
rects me to send his thinks to you and
your army for the gallant action of
yesterday, which I gladly do.
"R. A. ALQER, Secretary of War."
"DAIQUIRI, Cuba. June 26.— Hon.
Secretary of War, Washington: Sin
cerest thanks to the President for his
congratulations.
"SHAFTER, Major General."
NOT ENOUGH
SUPPLIES FOR
THE INVADERS
Continued (mm First Page.
him seven battalions numbering 8700
men, with cattle, and a p.vek train with
provisions. He left Manzanillo, prov
ince of Santiago de Cuba, on June 22,
to relieve General Linares. The Span
lards were moving at the rate of twelve
miles a day when the messengers left
and at their present speed it is ex
pected they will reach Santiago de
Cuba next Sunday, July 3.
Admiral Sampson has ascertained
that Admiral Cervera's fleet has moved
into the upper harbor of Santiago de
Cuba.
General Shafter, in his dispatches to
the Secretary of War, complimented
the fleet for its assistance in the land-
Ing of troops. With the soldiers landing
from the Yale yesterday and General
Garcia's army transported from the
■westward 21,000 men in all have been
disembarked in the vicinity of Santiago
de Cuba-
Most important In connection with
the foregoing Associated Press dispatch
is the following special cable to The
Call, published In yesterday's issue of
this paper:
ARMY HEADQUARTERS,
JURAGUA, June 27, by Call-
Herald Dispatch Boat Golden
Rod to Kingston, Jamaica,
June 28.— Information has been
received here from Manzanlllo to
the effect that five battalions of
Spanish troops, which left that
city several . days ago to re
enforce General Linares, re
turned to Manzanillo two days
after their departure.
This is by far the most import
ant news received to-day. It Is
regarded as indicating the fail
ure of the Spanish attempt un
der command of General Pando
to rush 10,000 trained troops to
the defense of Santiago.
The Associated Press cable states, on
the authority of two Cuban officers,
that Pando left Manzanillo June 22.
The Information conveyed by The
Call's correspondent was apparently of
later date than that brought by the
Associated Press, and indicates that
Linares would receive no aid from
Pando.
PLANNING TO TAKE
GUANTANAMO TOWN
Commander McCaSla Desires to
Be Sure of Re-enforcements
Before Making the Move.
HEADQUARTERS OF AMERICAN MARINES, CAMP Mc-
CALLA, Guantanamo Bay, June 28, by The Call- Herald Dispatch-boat
Mindora to Port Antonio, Jamaica, June 29.— Commander McCalla, I
learned to-day, is considering a proposition to take the town of Guan
tanamo without waiting the arrival of troops, and to declare this port
open and invite the commercial world to resume business relations with
the place.
This dashing plan was suggested to Commander McCalla by an
officer of the American fleet now lying about Guantanamo Bay. Such
a stroke, this officer urged upon Commander McCalla, would have a
moral effect abroad that would be of tremendous advantage. He does
not stand alone in the view, and Commander McCalla is being strongly
urged to attempt a coup. Commander McCalla, my informant added,
hesitates to act upon the suggestion -for the reason that the occupation
of Guantanamo would greatly extcivl his lines. Pending develop
ments in the vicinity of Santiago the commander fears he might be as
suming too great a risk. This cour?e would result in a call for. more
troops as soon as carried outl and further assurances that an additional
force would be forthcoming are desired from Washington before the at
tempt is made. Commander McCalla probably will order an advance
upon Guantanamo just as soon as the situation at Santiago clears up.
Our forces about Guantanamo are eager to take the town and they
have had no excitement since the Spaniards ceased in their attacks
upon Camp McCalla. They ate emboldened by news the scouts brine
in from points about Guantanamo. This is to the effect that Guan
tanamo has been deprived of nearly all of her defenders by ueneral Li
nares, who several days aeo ordered the- bulk of the Spanish troops in
this vicinity to hasten to his aid in- Santiago.
SHARKEY WINS
IN ONE ROUND
Ruhlin an Easy Victim
for the Sailor.
FAST BUT BRIEF COMBAT
EIGHT SWING ON THE JAW
DOES THE THICK.
The Victor Praised for His Coolness
and the Absence of Foul
Tactics in Hifc
Fighting.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 29.— "Tom"
Sharkey, the "Pride of the Navy," as
Billy Jordan Is prone to introduce
Sharkey to California audiences, put
"Gus" Ruhlin, the Ohio Giant, out in
almost record time in the arena of the
Greater New York Athletic Club at
Coney Island to-night. Sharkey won
after two minutes and seventeen sec
onds of fighting in the first round, a
right hand swing on the jaw settling
Ruhlin's claims to the winner's share of
the purse and heavyweight champion
ship ambitions. It was a fast fight
and many hard blows were exchanged.
It was clear the battle would be a
short one. Ruhlin landed frequently
and with force, but only once did he
phease the sailor. Sharkey was remark
ably cool and self-possessed. He
fought steadily and with good judg
ment. His tactics were fair and created
a favorable imnression.
The blow which knocked Ruhlin out
was a terrific right hand punch on the
Jaw. Ruhlin staggered like a ship in
a heavy storm and then pitched for
ward, falling heavily on his face. He
tried to arise, but was unable to get on
his f^et, and was counted out. After
the battle Sharkey addressed the sports
thus:
"Gentlemen: I am now prepared to
make a match with Fitzsinimons, Cor
bett or McCoy for a purse and $10,000 a
side."
Sharkey received an ovation as he
left the ring. His victory over Ruhlin
reminded one of John L. Sullivan's
success when the famous Boston boy
met and easily defeated all comers.
Before the bout began to-night. An
nouncer John Dunn stated that Sharkey
wanted it understood that, notwith
standing the fact that he enjoys the
THE SAX FEAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 30, 18H8.
doubtful distinction of being a foul
fighter, he never had lost a battle on a
foul and that he would show himself to
be a fair fighter in tha contest about to
begin.
Sharkey said he weighed 17" pounds.
Ruhlin' confessed to tipping the beam
at 190 pounds. Alexander Brown was
selected as referee. Ruhlin and Shar
key eyed each other across the ring
while the preliminaries to the contest
were being shaped. The conditions gov
erning the match called for twenty
five rounds. Sharkey had the call "in
the betting at odds of 10 to 7. . There
was quite an argument between
O'Rourke, representing Sharkey, and
Madden, representing Ruhlin, over cer
tain features of the rules. Sharkey
wanted it understood that hitting in
the breakaway was permisible, whii<^
Ruhlin wanted such a blow considered
foul. He wanted to break clean aft<>r
a clinch. They finally decided not to
hit in the breakaway.
The referee then called the men to
the center, the timers struck the bell
and the contest which meant so much
to the pugilistic future of both men
was on.
Ruhlin opened with a left swing on
the wind. Sharkey sent back a left
swing on the head. Ruhlin jabbed his
left on the wind and Sharkey swung a
left on the wind and jabbed his right
on Ruhlin's head. Ruhlin, after a
couple of clinches, jabbed his left on the
face and Sharkey swung right and left
on the head. Ruhlin jabbed his left on
the face twice and Sharkey swung right
and left to the head, which staegered
Ruhlin.
Then Sharkey, seeing his advantage,
quickly swung his right across flush
on Ruhlin's jaw. dropping the Ohio
giant to the floor, where Ruhlin lay
helpless while the referee counted ten
seconds and then declared Sharkey the
winner. Time of round, two minutes
and seventeen seconds.
CAVALRY WAS NOT
AMBUSCADED BY DONS
SIBONEY, Province of Santiago de
Cuba, June 28. via Kingston, Jamaica,
June 29.— General Wheeler to-day for
warded his official report of the en
counter between the Spaniards and
Colonel Young's and Colonel Wood's
command. The officers are highly com
plimented for their dash and courage.
The eeneral says there is absolutely
I no warrant for the statement that our
| troops were ambuscaded. He says the
attack was deliberately planned, from
knowledge in his possession the night
before.
Conflagration at Chino.
CHINO," June Fire broke out In F.
J. Castro's billiard room on Sixth street
at 2:30 this morning, and five buildings
were burned. The fire company did goou
work in saving two buildings, but was
handicapped by • insufficient water. Fol
lowing^ are the losses: P. Tarride, sa
; loon, $600; J.F. A Castro, billiard-room, $400
. C. A. Strehle, hardware, $700; A. Nagle
! schmidt,- cigars and confectionery, $500
I Dr. T. D. Kellogg, residence, :$l5OO.: $1500. All
the losses were covered by insurance.
■ » •
Advances made on* furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission. :
OPPOSITION
IT CEASED
Friends of Annexation
Have Hopes.
NEW POINTS TO BE RAISED
PHASES THAT WILL PROVOKE
FURTHER DEBATE.
Number of Speeches Yet to Come, and
Ample Time for Their Delivery
Will Be Insisted
Upon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
/* Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, June 29.
There is much talk of an early ad
journment in both houses of Congress,
and some of the members have made
arrangements to leave Washington
upon the assumption that an adjourn
ment will be reached about July 9. A
sudden collapse of the opposition to the
annexation resolution in the Senate is
hoped for next week by friends of the
proposition, and they will use every ef
fort t.> force a conclusion of the dis
cussion.
There has been nothing in the pro
ceedings this week, however, to indi
cate any substantial foundation for this
belief. On the contrary it was declared
to-day by members of the opposition
that they are as determined as ever to
prevent votes, if they can, and that in
any event the debate will proceed un
interruptedly for two and possibly
three weeks, and perhaps longer.
There are to be discussed some phases
of the annexation question that have
not yst been touched upon, ana which
it is believed will have the effect of
provoking additional debate upon both
sides of the chamber. One of these is
of a character of the interests which
are alleged to have been behind the
original annexation movement. One or
two of the Democratic Senators have
made a study of these interests and will
endeavor, it is said, to point out to the
country the selfish motives that have
actuated some of the annexationists.
There are a number of speeches yet to
come and anti-annexationists declare
they will insist upon ample time for
their delivery.
When the joint resolution for annexa
tion was taken up in the Senate to-day
Caffery was recognized to continue his
speech in opposition to the resolution.
He said, in reply to an inquiry by
Teller, that the method by which Texas
had been acquired was contrary to the
constitution. He said the resolution of
annexation was forced through by a
partisan majority, just as it was now
proposed to force through the Hawa
iian resolution, regardless of the fact
that the admission could only be legit
imately accomplished by treaty.
In concluding his speech Caffery
again referred to the Interest of the
sugar trust in the pending resolution.
"It has been said that the sugar trust
is opposing the annexation of the Ha
waiian Islands " said he. "Now, if
there is anything- that is perfectly clear
to me, it !e thnt the sugar trust wants
annexation. The charge that it is in
any way opposing the annexation of
the islands to my mind is not well sus
tained. What the sugar trust wants is
raw cane sugar free of any duty, and
annexation will give them the Hawa
iian product free. Thp sugar is brought
to San Francisco and there refined by
the trust. The refined product is not
mi" 1 - in Hawaii."
Caffery further maintained that the
sugar trust controlled the market for
raw sugar and that annexation would
fasten firmly its hold upon the market
in this country. At 5:05 p. m., Caffery
having concluded, the Senate on mo
tion of Davis, in charge of the resolu
tion, went into executive session and at
6 p. m. adjourned.
TRANSFER OF COAL
IS NOT PERMITTED
Consul Darte Prevents a Violation of
the Neutrality Laws at St.
Pierre.
Special cafcle to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
ST. PIERRE, Martinique, June 29.—
The Spanish Consul has endeavored to
obtain a transfer of coal from the British
steamer Rembrance to the Alicante.
United States Consul Darte entered a
vigorous protect , and the Governor said
no transfer would be allowed. The
steamer is awaiting orders here and may
leave 'or Santiago soon.
MURDER ENDS
THEIR DISPUTE
Fatal Fight in Salinas
Valley.
QUARREL OF TWO RANCHERS
EDWARD MILLS KILLED BY
TIMOTHY CBAIG.
Shot When His Back Is Turned After
Having Worsted His Enemy
in a Bough-and-Tumble
Combat.
Special Dispatch to The Call..
SALINAS, June 29.— 11 l will, Jealousy
and .n old feud have culminated in a
fatal shooting affray between two old
men, friends for several decades and
residents of this valley for some thirty
five years. Timothy Craig, the slayer,
has seen 61 and his victim. Edward
Mills, was 62 years old. Formerly good
friends, quarrels over land and things
not worth noticing made them bitter
enemies.
From the testimony in the hands of
District Attorney Zabala Craig, on
Thursday, June 14, at 6 o'clock in the
morning, was driving a band of horses
from Moss Landing toward Pajaro, and
while crossing the bridge over Elkhorn
Slough, near the town of Castrovllle,
saw Mills on the opposite end of the
bridge. Mills afterward claimed he
was shooting birds with a shotgun
when he noticed Craig approach. An
altercation ensued over the charge by
Mills that Craig was pasturing horses
on Mills' lot. The lie was passed and
Mills, it is alleged, laid down his gun
and announced himself ready to fight
Craig with fists. A fierce struggle fol
lowed, during which Craig broke away
from his opponent and. Avrenched a
picket from a fence close by. With this
he struck Mills. Another scuffle re
sulted in Craig being disarmed and
crying quits. Mills, having vanquished
his neighbor, turned to go, when Craig
picked up the loaded shotgun from the
grass and discharged it point blank at
Mills, perforating the right side of his
body and head with No. 7 shot. •
After having shot Mills Craig -went
home and Mills hurried for medical aid
It was then thought Mills was but
slightly wounded and Craig, who was
arrested for assault to murder, was re
leased on $1000 bonds to appear before
the Superior Court. Mills was taken
to the Watsonville Sanitarium and
made comfortable, but owing to his
habits and mode of life erysipelas set
in and he died early this morning.
Craig has been rearrested and
charged wi'h ; .urder. Craig claims he
acted in self-defense, as he had re
peat 2dly been thrashed by Mills.
Darcy Not Arrested.
SALEM, Or., June 29.— The report last
night of the arrest of W. J. Darcy in con
nection with the alleged forgery of elec
tion returns was erroneous. No complaint
has been lodged against him.
THE FRAILEST
OF
They are those who are afraid of their very bed. They know
there is no good sound sleep. They fear everything. Always con-
scious of their inability to perform any one of nature's duties in the
way big and grand men do, they are full of gloom. Yet they hesitate
to seek help. They hesitate about everything. Spots and lines be-
fore the eyes, , and . weak knees—these are all the lot of frail
men. One thing there is which cures frailty, and sends life and vigor
to every part of the body. ; That is "Hudyan." Ask for informa-
tion about it. Costs nothing. •*Hudyan" will make a man of you
again. A big strong and a vigorous man. Why not see what it has
done for all the thousands who have used it. Medical advice from
the Institute :is quite free too. Get what you can get for nothing.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts., San Francisco*
DEBTS OF THE
PACIFIC ROADS
Collection Provided for
by Amendment.
GENERAL DEFICIENCY BILL
AS PASSED IT CARRIES OVER
TWO HUNDRED MILLIONS.
Senator Morgan Attempts to Apply
the Money Collected Fronl Rail
roads to the Nicaragua"
Canal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 29.— 1n the
Senate to-day consideration of the gen
eral deficiency bill was concluded and
the measure was passed. An amend
ment of great importance was attached
to the bill, practically by general con
sent. It relates to the settlement of the
claims of the Government asainst the
Pacific railroads. It was offered by
Morgan of Alabama, who made a
strong appeal to the Senate for its
adoption. Before it was agreed to.
White of California proposed some
amendments to it, making it even more
binding upon the roads than it was in
its original form. The amendment in
full follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury, the
Secretary of the Interior and the Attor
ney General and their successors in office
be and are hereby appointed a commis
sion with full power to settle the indebt
edness to the Government growing out of
the issue of bonds in aid of the construc
tion of the Central Pacific and Western
Pacific bond-aided railroads, upon such
terms and in such manner as may be
agreed upon by them or by a majority
of them and the owners of said railroads.
Provided, that any and all settlements
thus made shall be submitted in writing
to the President for his approval or dis
approval, and unless approved by him
shall not be binding.
That said commission shall not agree to
accept a less sum in settlement of the
amount due the United States than the
full amount of the principal and all
amounts necessary to reimburse the
United States for moneys paid for inter
est or otherwise. And also providing that
said commission are hereby empowered
to grant such time or times of payment
by installment and at Buch rates of inter
est, to be not less than 3 per centum per
annum, payable semi-annually, and with
such security as said commission may
deem expedient, provided, however, that
in any settlement that may be made the
final payment and full discharge of said
indebtedness shall not be postponed to
exceed ten years, and the whole amount,
principal and interest, shall be paid in
equal semi-annual installments within
periods so limited, and in any settlement
made it shall be provided that if default
shall be made in any payment of either
principal or interest or any part thereot,
then the whole sum and all installments,
principal and interest shall immediately
become due and payable, notwithstanding
any other stipulation of said settlement.
That there is hereby appropriated out
of money in the treasury not otherwise
appropriated the sum of $20,000 to defray
the expenses of said commission in mak
ing the said settlement.
The bill, as passed, carries about
$227,000,000, the largest sum carried by
any appropriation measure since the
Civil War.
Morgan's amendment as offered pro
vided for a commission to settle the in
debtedness of the Government growing
out of its assistance in the construc
tion of Pacific railways, and providing
further that the funds should be ap
plied to the construction of a ship
canal through Nicaragua.
Unanimous consent was given Mor
gan to make a statement concerning
the amendment. After discussing at
some length the existing situation be
tween the Government and Pacific rail
roads, he said it was evident that the
Nicaragua canal was going to be built,
and be built very soon. When the Sen
ate had carefully considered the matter
he was satisfied not a half dozen votes
would be cast against the canal pro
ject. The people of the United States
had discovered that a waterway
through Nicaragua was absolutely nec
essary to this country as a protection
of our coasts and as a promoter of
commerce.
Morgan referred to the fact that the
Atlas Company, a British organization,
had been granted by Nicaragua im
portant concessions m the San Juan
River and Lake Manama. This com
pany, he said, was composed of promi
nent and wealthy men of England and
the United States. He did not doubt
that the Atlas Company expected to
receive the concession which the United
States was about to lose through delay
in taking action.
Morgan urged that immediate*actlon
should be taken by Congress upon the
canal project which he regarded as
one. of the most important questions
that has confronted Congress for many
years. In conclusion Morgan, in order
to escape the i.oint of order against the
amendment, withdrew that part of it
relating to the Nicaragua canal.
Wilson of Washington, a member of
the special committee on the Nicaragua
canal, objected. He said that the con
struction of the canal was so vitally
important to his State and to the Pa
cific Coast generally that he could not
consent that the amendment should be
divided. He then made a point of order
agajnst the amendment and the point
was sustained by the chair.
The bill was reported to the Senate
and about to be passed when Wilson
withdrew his point of order against the
first part of Morgan's amendment. The
amendment, with some modifications
offered by White of California, was
agreed to.
The bill as amended was then passed
without division.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TWO SPECIAL
BARGAINS
LADIES'SHOES
FOR THIS WEEK,
WE WILL PUT ON SALE ABOUT 1200
pairs of Ladles' Extra Quality Tan
Chrome Kid Lace Shoes, extra nne brown Cloth
Top or Fancy Vesting Tops, Light, Flexible.
Sewed Soles, Up-to-Date Coin Toes.
Price, $2.50 Pair.
These Shoes have an up-to-dateness, about
them that pleases those who seek something
different from the every-day style.
GOING TO THE SPRINGS?
Then you will want a nice White Canvas
Oxford Tie. This week we will put on sale
Ladies' Extra Quality White Canvas Oxford
Ties. Coin Toe and Tip, Hand-turn Soles.
At $1.40 Pair.
If you want Fine Shoes at Low Prices sew
our Bargain Counters. Special Bargains Every
Day. Cut this out and save it to order by.
See Examiner for other Special Bargains.
NOLAN~BROS.,
PHELAN BUILDING,
812-814 Market Street
Y. . PHONE 5527.
AND TUMORS. Sure Cure!
No Knife or Pain! No Pay Until Curedl
75-page book sent free. S. R. Chamley. M. D.
17 THIRD ST., near Market St.
Sane? to Some On© with Cancer*
POLO
SUITS
For men or large boys in fine material*
light colors.
50 Cents.
The large sizes are all sold out at $4;
these go now at almost any price. We
| do not carry such things over the sea-
son. You make money on every article
you buy at
CASH STORE
STEP IN
And have your spectacles or eye-glasses ad-
justed if they don't feel comfortable. Nit
charge.
Should you wish a change in frame of
guards, we have all the. latest improve*
merits.
opticians^^Slphicapp^atu^
c. n kt V W Ol r SCIEMTIFIC i
642 Market St, in&trumehj>
'UKDtA CHOnme BtilDiNb '
I I «•
Woodbury's Facial Soap, Facial Cream, Vx+
cial Powder, manufactured by Dermatologist
JOHN H. WOODBURT. 127 West Forty-second
St., New York, will render tha complexion
Clear, Soft and Beautiful. Used by people ot
refinement and sold everywhere.
Q Visit DR. JORDAN'S <**»<
*dggs Museum of Anatomy
1 p|Mli ST.tet. 6th* 7ft, S.r. CaO.
BT| I I Th' t»rt«»t of In kind is tin W«ld.
l^i)\ DR. JORDAN— Diseases.
1 Pwjf 1l ' Con«u'.t»;ton free. Write for B»ok
W of Marriage.
a v ' MAILED FUCK.
MADE ME A MAN
ffgS AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
ft/ ~\ AT.l.frtrcoui Diseases— Failing Hem-
Waal cry, Impctency, Sleeplessness, etc, caused
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
A. 1,1, tttreous Diseases— Failing Mem-
ory, Impotencj, Sleeplessness, etc., caused
by Abuse or .jther Eicssaea and Indis-
> «&*&& cretions, They quickly ana surely
\ ~7 restore Lost Vitality in old or young, and
jf^r-fi****^ fit a man for study, business or marriage.
'^jD*Jb«3b» Prevent Insanity and Consumption it
taken in ma. Their use shows immediate improve-
ment and effects a CUBE where all other fail In-
sist upon having the genuine Ajaz Tablets. They
have cured thousands and will euro Wo Rive pos-
itive written guarantee to effect a cure EA f»TC ia
each case or refund the money. Price ww V I Wiper
package; or six pkges (full treatment! for $2.60. By
mail. in plain wrapper, upon receipt of price. Circular
'"•• AJAX REMEDY CO., Hgg*^-,
For sale In San Francisco by LelpnlU * Col*
II« Butter. No-Percent Pharmacy, MS Hkt.
BlffiTiTllgiMl
J HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- H
B Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores, ' Ulcers B
Qln Mouth, Hair-Falling! Write COOK KKM- B
EDY CO., 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- B
H CAGO. ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital 3
m ijUU.OUO. Worst cases cured In li to Si days. H
g 100-page boon free. - n
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful - aphrodisiac and speclQo tonlo
for the .sexual and. urinary organs of both";
sexes, and :a . great remedy for diseases of to*
kidneys^ and bladder. A great rcestoratlvn.
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on It*, owa
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. AL.FS & BRUNE. Agents,
, I2S Market Street. S. F.-iSend for Circular..ALL EUROPE
MUST KEEP
HANDS OFF
Dewey and the American
Troops Can Preserve
Order at Manila.
Had r^e-er)forcements Been Ser>t
Sooner Present Complications
Would rjave Been Avoided.
NEW Yn-RK. June 29.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
It wrs stated at the Navy Department
to-day that Information had been re
rceived from Admiral Dewey in regard
to the aspirations of the Philippine in
surgents for complete indenendence
guaranteed by European towers. It is
appreciated that Aguinaldo is too
shrewd a man to make all his plans
public at this time, and it is thought he
Is simply Bounding the Germans, as
certaining what they are willing to do.
France would vigorously oppose the
acquisition of the islands by Germans
or the establishment of a protectorate
over them, primarily because they
would make an admirable base of oper
ations against Cochin China, over
•which their flag floats. She is repre
sented, the authorities note with satis
faction, by a man-of-war.
The increase by Great Britain of her
■warships in Manila Bay to three is in
tended, the authorities believe, to coun
teract the effect of the presence of five
German ships.
It is evident from the number of war
ships present that diverse international
interests are tugging each other with
the American warships holding the
key to the situation by right of mili
tary occupation. Comfort is taken by
the authorities in the fact that up to
this time Aguinaldo has respected the
wishes of Hear Admiral Dewey, and
although Manila is at his mercy, he has
not ord' Ivance against it.
When the American re-enforcements
arrive the city will be taken, and Rear
Admiral Dewey will inform the foreign
warships in the harbor that the Amer
ican troops are in sufficient numbers
reserve order and that it is unneces-
Bary to land marines. By this means
it is hoped that foreign interference
can be averted. It is known that Ra ; : r
Admiral Dewey, like Rear Admiral
Bam] :>3 the arrival of General
Shafter's army, has repeatedly urged
4 The authorities to send troops to his as-
T Bißtstnce, representing the importance
■• in enabling the United
States: to avoid foreign complications.
3 was desired, an army had Been
Ly to sail for Manila from San
isco the day after definite infor
lon was received that Dewey had
1 the Spanish fleet, the situa
tion in the Philippines would now be
devoid of the possibilities of interna
tional complications, which are a per-
Bistent and present bugaboo to the ad
ministration.
It is not expected in official circles
that there will be any decided attitude
assumed by the natives until the ar
rival of Governor General Merritt and
his announcement of the determination
of this Government to regard the Phil
ippines as a military prize of the
ed States.
If there is to be a rupture it will come
then. In the meantime it will be Rear
Admiral Dewey's work to mine the
harbor and prepare as much as possible
for the coming of Admiral Camara's
squadron. He has been notified by thfs
Government of its presence at Port
Said, the vessels which comprise it, the
number of troops on board, etc., so he
may be guided as to his plan of opera-
It is believed the Charleston and the
three transports conveying 2500 men
have by this time reached Cavite and
within the next three days a dispatch
saying so is expected.
Before Camara can arrive at Manila
the authorities say there is no question
that Rear Admiral Dewey will have
been re-enforced by the monitors Mon
terey and Monadnock in addition to the
Charleston and the 10,000 troops now
afloat.
In accordance with the Instructions
sent from Washington the 10,000 tons
of coal purchased at Honolulu have
been forwarded to Manila for the use
,^'->f the warships and transports, and ar
rangements are being made for an am
ple supply for future use.
REVOLT EXTENDS
TO THE CAROLINES
As the Spaniards Have Only a Small
Garrison There, the Rebels Will
Gain Control.
VANCOUVER. B. C, June 29.— Ma1l ad
vices' from Hongkonp say that it Is re
ported that the revolt against Spanish
fulp has extended to the Caroline Islands.
The Spaniards have only a small garri
son there and as they are unable to send
relief it Is likely that the rebels will soon
have control.
SPANIARDS WILL FIGHT
TO THE DEATH
Preparations Being Mace for a
Most Desperate Defense
of Manila.
M\DRID, June 29.— Dispatches re
ceived from Manila to-day under date
of June 24 say the Spaniards are de
termined to fight to the death and that
there is every reason to believe that
when the American troops arrive des
perate fighting will occur on land and
It is supposed at Manila that the
German warships will prevent the
bombard ny-nt of that place, and it is
alleged that Prince Henry of Prussia is
on his way there on board a warship.
The Spaniards are said to be actively
pushing preparations for the defense of
the city.
General Aguinaldo, the insurgent
leader, declares that the family of Cap
tain General Augustl, who are prison
ers in his hands, are at Panpanga and
well treated.
LATEST CABLEGRAM
FROM ADMIRAL DEWEY
It States That the Progress of the
Insurgents Has Been Won
derful.
WASHINGTON, June 29.— The Navy
Department to-day made public the
following cablegram from Admiral
Dewey, brought by the McCulloch to
Hongkong 1 ar.d, though undated, sup
posed to have been sent from Cavite
June 23:
"No change in the situation since my
telegram of June 17. Five German,
three British, one French and one Jnp
anese men-of-war are in port. The in
surgents are constantly closing in on
the city. Aguinaldo, the insurgent
leader, with thirteen of his staff, ar
rived May 19, by my permission, on
the Nan i^han. He established him
self at Cavite outside of the arsenal
under the protection of our guns and
organized his army. The progress of
Aguinaldo has been wonderful. He
has invariably conducted the war hu
manely. My relations with him me
cordial, but my conferences generally
have been only of a personal nature."
The admiral made no reference to the
landing of German marines, and the
officials here are satisfied that Ger
many is acting in good faith and ac
cording to the rules of neutrality.
MEN OF THE MOHICAN
ARE ON THE ALERT
Searchlight of a Steamer Found the
Men at "General Quarters" and
Ready to Fight.
HONOLULU, June 22.— The officers
and men of the United States ship
Mohican have proved that they are
alert, up in discipline and ready to do
their duty to the flag.
At 2:30 o'clock on the morning of the
19th a telephone message was received
that a Spanish war vessel had been
sighted. Almost immediately the play
of a searchlight, evidently from a ves
sel from Barbers Point, was seen. In
an instant the bugle sounded "general
quarters," and oincers and men re
sponded promptly. Everything was
cleared for action. The engineer force
went to their stations and the gunners
to their posts. There was the rattle of
chains and the usual noise attending
preparation. The men on shore liberty
heard that something was up and hur
ried aboard their vessel.
Meanwhile the steamer W. G. Hall,
for such was the vessel, continued to
play the light as she steamed toward
the harbor. The Mohican was unable
to make out what vessel it was until
the Hall reached the mouth of the har
bor channel, but she was ready to send
a shot across the stranger's bow and
follow it up with a broadside if she
should prove an enemy. The Hall was
fitted with a searchlight some months
ago for use in entering harbors on
dark nights. The captain said he
thought he would try it on the Mohican
to see If tho officers and men were on
the alert. He found they were.
GUNBOAT PURSUED
BY A WARSHIP
A Spaniard Reports How He Kept
Within the "Blue Sea" and
Escaped.
HAVANA, June 28 (delayed in trans
mission). — The commander of the Span
ish gunboat Ardilla reports that ■while
reconnoitering on June 2G at Coloma,
Punta Cortes, and other places, he was
informed that a strange steamer with
one smokestack, apparently a warship
of 3000 tons, was in sight. The stranger
soon came in sight of the Ardilla and
pursued her. The gunboat kept within
the "blue sea" and succeeded in keep
ing out of range of the guns of the
pursuer. To the southeast of the stran
ger, which turned out to be an Ameri
can warship, were several other ves
sels. The Ardilla made a reconnois
sance the following day, June 27, and
discovered that the American ship had
captured the sloops Nemesla of Pataba
no, Amistad and Manuelita of Coloma
and the pilot-boats Luz and Jacinto.
The American auxiliary cruiser re
ferred to in the dispatch from Havana
was undoubtedly the Yankee, manned
by the naval reserve, which arrived at
Key "West from Cienfuegos on Monday
last. She then reported that off the
Isle of Pines, on the west coast of Cuba,
she captured, burned and destroyed five
Spanish Bmall craft loaded with fish
and that she also captured two pris
oners who were released.
WILL SURPRISE SCHLEY
TO LEARN OF THIS
His Flagship Sunk and Himself
Killed by an Official Dispatch
From Spanish Sources.
KINGSTON, Jamaica. June 29.— The
Spanish Consul here has received a ca
blegram from Santiago de Cuba asserting
that the United States armored cruiser
Brooklyn has been struck by a Spanish
shell, which Bank the vessel and killed
Commodore Schley and twenty-four sea
men.
The Consul really believes the "news"
and the Spaniards all over the city are
drinking champagne and rejoicing.
It has also been reported to the Spanish
Consul from Santiago that an extensive
mine has been laid which will blow up
half of the American army when It en
ters the city.
WASHINGTON, June 30. —At 1:15
o'clock this morning officers on duty at
the Navy Department were shown a copy
of the foregoing dispatch. They express
ed disbelief in the story- Not a word has
been received from Sampson, they said
since Tuesday night, and the officers re
gard it as certain that had anything of
the '-lnd recounted In the dispatch oc
curred the admiral would have Informed
the department immediately.
Utah Artillerymen Coming.
OGDEN, June 29.— The full comple
ment of men to complete the quota of
the Utah battery left here at 2 o'clock
this afternoon for San Francisco, in
charge of Lieutenant Wedgwood.
General Merritt's Secretary.
ATLANTA, June 29.— Major George P.
Schriven, signal officer of the Department
of the Gulf, who was recently appointed
military secretary to General Wesley
Merrltt, left last night for San Francisco.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 30, 1898.
SALISBURY
ON THE WAR
Would Removethe Black
Cloud.
BOTH NATIONS IN EARNEST
SAYS MOTIVES AXE OF HIGHEST
CHARACTEB.
With the Exception of the Present
Conflict the World Looks Smil
ingly Enough to Great
Britain.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, June 29.— Lord Salisbury,
the Premier, addressing the United
Club in this city, this evening, said:
"There is a black cloud on the hori
zon, one that does not affect us per
sonally, but -which evokes the deepest
sorrow and our largest desire for its
removal. It is the war of two great
nations, between whom we are neutral
— one bound to us by every tie of kind
red and similarity of institutions and
religion; the other, the state that
fought on our side when we struggled
with the threatening tyranny of the
first Napoleon. Watching this terri
ble war, we are bound to abstain from
expressing any preference or any judg
ment on either side. We know that
in both cases the motives were of the
highest character. We know that the
United States are animated by ele
vated philanthropy, and that Spain is
inspired by that love of independence
which was the greatest pride of all an
cient nations. I can only say I earn
estly wish the day may speedily ar
rive when this terrible slaughter be
tween two nations will cease and the
world be restored to peace.
"With this exception, the world looks
smiling enough to us, politically. The
convention with France has removed
the subject of conflict between us and
our greatest and most cultivated neigh
bor. The Soudan expedition, if suc
cessfully accomplished, will be the
greatest work for civilization that Eng
land has perforn.ed for two or three
generations.
"The Government's Chinese policy is
to prevent the Chinese empire from
falling into ruins, to invite it into
paths of reform, to give it every as
sistance in our power; to perfect its
defenses, and to increase its commer
cial prosperity. Thus we should aid
China and ourselves. It is impossi
ble that we should have the same in
fluence over China as over India and
Egypt, but I believe that so far as
railways are concerned, our advantage
will be fully equal to those of other
nations."
REDDING'S FAREWELL
TO HER SOLDIER BOYS
Three Days of Merry Making Before
the Sad Hour of Their
Departure.
REDDING, June 29.— Company H of
the Second Regiment of United States
Volunteers left here for Oakland in two
special cars attached to the overland
train, which pulled out at 9 o'clock this
evening amid the firing of guns and
cheering of one of the largest crowds
ever gathered in Redding.
For three days prior to their depart
ure the soldier boys had been enjoying
a continual holiday. A production of a
naval drama, entitled "The Maine,"
was given at the armory on Monday
and Tuesday evenings in their honor,
and the festivities concluded with a
military hop free to all. To-day the
business houses of the city closed and
the day was given over to exercises In
honor of the volunteers. A large crowd
assembled at the armory. Prominent
speakers talked on appropriate sub
jects, music and singing were Indulged
In and good-bys were said. It was a
day that will long be remembered by
the departing soldiers, as well as by
their friends and relatives left behind.
The town was decorated with flags and
bunting.
Company H left with Its full quota of
one hundred and six men and ten sub
stitutes. The commissioned officers
are: Captain, William E. Smith; first
lieutenant, James G. Estep, and second
lieutenant, E. S. Reynolds. The boys
are in need of some .additional equip
ments, but are well supplied with the
comforts of life, the work of the local
Soldiers' Aid Society. They are anx
ious to be off for the Philippines and
will give «. good account of themselves.
VISALIA, June 29.— This city has
sent another lot of young men to San
Francisco as recruits for the army.
Lieutenant Frank W. Mlxter of Com
pany E, First Battalion California
Volunteers, with several assistants,
has been here several days mustering
In recruits, and has been very success
ful. Forty-three applicants were ex
amined yesterday, and* all but eight
passed. Thirty-one of these went to
San Francisco last night, and seven
more will go to-night. Some of them
wil enter the Merced company, as not
enough recruits could be found there
to fill that company. The war spirit
is still strong in this vicinity.
PETALUMA, June 29.— The City
Trustees to-day voted Company C,
Eighth California Volunteers, $250 for
necessary equipments. The company,
106 strong, will leave for Camp Bar
rett to-morrow. The city Is profusely
decorated. Business will be suspended
and the boys will be given a grand
ovation. There will be a parade to the
depot and the volunteers will be laden
with flowers. The Red Cross Society
is busily engaged in putting up hun
dreds of lunches for the company, and
the armory presents a busy scene to
night.
The boys are delighted with the se
lection of District Attorney Barnes to
be their captain. There are fifty-eight
men in the company who are over 5 feet
11 inches tall. Captain Macky will take
the company down, assisted by Lieu
tenants Cassidy and Emerson.
GRASS VALLEY, June 25.— The most
memorable event in the history of Ne
vada County was the departure of
Company I to-night to join the Eighth
Regiment at Oakland. The city was
maginflcently decorated and never be
fore was so much enthusiasm mani
fested. Between six and seven thou
sand people assembled to give the boys
a send-off. Two bands volunteered
their services and the Uniform Rank,
Knights of Pythias, Native Sons and
other organizations were in a parade
which formed at the Columbus Bchool
house and proceeded to the Holbrooke
Hotel, on Main stret. There the com
pany was presented with a handsome
silk flag. The presentation was made
by W. A. Sleep, Captain P. T. Riley re
ceiving the colors with a brief speech.
The soldiers then marched to the depot
and at 11:30 started for Oakland. Com
pany I Includes some of the best
young men In this city, and has repre
sentatives from Truckee, Auburn and
other neighboring towns.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. N'oonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
SUPPLIES FOR
THE STARVING
Food to Be Sent to the
Cubans.
ARMY WILL DISTRIBUTE IT
NON-COMBATANTS AT LAST TO
BE SUCCORED.
Following the Fall of Santiago Ships
Will Make Weekly Trips
From Florida to the
Island.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK, June 29.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Commis
sary General Eagan is making plans to
send provisions of all kinds to the insur
gent troops in Cuba and to starving non
combatants. Since the beginning of
the existing war one of the hardest
problems the President has had to
solve has been the question of sending
material aid to Cuban people suffering
on account of the war.
Information has been received in
Washington that since the beginning of
hostilities between the United States
and Spain and the establishment of the
blockade the suffering among Cubans
has greatly increased. Arrangements
are being made to send large quanti
ties of fresh beef and other provisions
to Cuba. After the fall of Santiago it
is thought General Garcia and the
American troops will be able to distrib
ute the food sent by this Government
throughout the entire province of San
tiago. Every week ships will leave
Tampa for Santiago laden with pro
visions.
The Government does not intend that
the Cubans in Santiago shall be the
only ones relieved. Vessels with pro
visions of all kinds will land their car
goes at places on the Cuban coast con
trolled by the insurgents. Provisions
will be carried into the interior by the
Cuban troops and distributed among
suffering non-combatants. This work
will begin in about ten days.
SPLENDID ACHIEVEMENT
OF RED CROSS WOMEN
What the Sacramento Society Has
Done for the Boys Who Go to
the Front.
SACRAMENTO, June 29.— The report
of Mrs. Albert Elkus, president of the
Red Cross Society's branch organiza
tion in this city, shows a wonderful
amount of good work accomplished. It
was read at the general meeting to
day. Since the last meeting of the so
ciety, May 28, the following articles
have been forwarded: 1621 flannel ban
dages. 768 demin pillow sli^s, 1094 —■m
fort bags, 192 towels, ' 321 emergency
bags ami B6 woolen sleepin ; hoods. Mrs.
Elkus, in referring to other work of the
society, said:
"Thousands of soldiers have passed
through our city and have been wel
cume.l an'l refreshed by the Red Cross.
Wuhin the past four weeks we have
served 3981 lunches."
The treasurer's report shows the
amount collected to have been $3940 37,
and the expenditures $1759 79, leaving
the handsome balance of $2180 58. This
will be greatly increased by the receipts
which will flow from the carnival to be
held next Friday under the control of
the society.
ST. PAUL HEADED
TOWARD NEW YORK
Escapes From Two Spanish Vessels
While on the Way to Mole
St. Nicholas.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MOLE ST. NICHOLAS, June 29.— The
St. Paul entered here yesterday, coming
from Croisiere. She escaped from two
Spanish vessels near Curacoa. She
sailed again to-day at 7 a. m. f going
direct to New York. The St. Paul will
probably arrive at New York Monday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Boxes
FOE BILIOUS AND NEEVOUB DISOEDEES ;
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiness, Fulness after meals. Head-
ache, Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIEST DOSE WILL GIVE EELIEP
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
•will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S PILLS, taken as direct*
cd. will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irrecularities of the sys-
tem and cure sick Headache. Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
■ t -And have the ::-.'•'.
LARGEST SALE
or any Patent Medicine In the World*
25c. at all Drue Stores,
oooddooooooooooooo
%% T "* PALACE a »p%
% nRANT> HOTEL - a %
1 SAN FRANCISCO. "
■" _ Connected •by a covered passageway. > T*
V 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. "
O -&-11 Under One :. Management. O
O NOT! THE PRICES: • Q
A European FIan.BI.OO per day and upward w*
v American Plan.s3.OO per day and upward V
Q i Correspondence Solicited. q
q JOHN 0. KIRKPATEICK, llllanagcr. ' q
0000000 0000 O 00
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
f4|f^|VAN VROOWI
*^^^Wif\svVj* ftectro Distal Parlors
"^ *!{« JJ'N^ BWCTH AND MARKCT
•.-• 4 V» •» * 0.-W.-KLEI6CR,O.aa"
SLEDS, BOATS, ETC.
1 78-horse power Roberts boiler. 1 85-horM
power Scotch marine boiler, metallic lifeboats,
60 wooden boats of all descriptions can be seen
at 718 Third street GEO. W. KNEASS.
L ;— _ ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I These Are the Times j
% That Stir j
y f \ IVlpri Q Son Q? I
I rJvJ Unseasonable . ]
I Tjl Weather, I
'ill // }
I\l / I
H Is there any wonder that for a time y!^^^Sfe^^^^^ :^W^K S
business drops considerable ? a That i^f^r^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 1)
business drops considerable ? That '^,
money lacks circulation? Jr^' J@s A ®
(I The first to feel the effect of a crisis mm 'mr/f&^ & H
|j like the present condition is the mer- Kg Jam 1& em o^qJsM V
a chant. The first to reap the benefit is fl!§k^llr fill fl -l§ii§§§ll^ W® /
S chant. The first to reap the benefit is llfeag^i' m. *M H
the consumer, for in order to create a W^hr~*^H» [[^JH |
'S demand the merchant is compelled to X^^^^^^^^^ |
ftj make large reductions, and make them %& >§\ >^fe^^^l^|^^P^ /
a with a firm and steady hand. -^
|J Like all other large merchants we J 4
@ require money to keep the wheels of our great establishment running. /
SWe feel the cvyrif *s^l «/~l^ Our great re- fl
effect of war— jr^^l\ffWl\ l?lr ductions com- |
unseasonable /y \/|2rr I\ H prise suits in |
|B weather lack / I Y>M \ W»V which are em- |
|of crops. No / V'VJ • ypfjy bodied quality 1
|] use playing /ff \ U/b /fW \ that tells— 1
a hide and seek. ,k/f A nft O T /A 1 \+^ + n -c &
| r . , fSf A\ l ■M- I AA y that sells. For Jp
B.We simply f/WJ \A ? °^4c / -ivi ■ * i
I make a fact of V 17] fIA/ * c past few 1
i make a fact of li Iv 1 1 f I H d fy sith asbeen |
lit and devise 1 fl 1 1 f/ H days it has been |
f some means of \ \\\\ <}l-^\)^iJ simply play 9
I disposing of our \ \ \J\\\ TH Z ™ " i
| tremendous \ \ 1 U I them They are I
S stock by mak- \JJL-W* jj^ >- l / as advertised. f
| ing big redue- r^^^—^S^rr b> The prices are I
U tions. - s^%^~- I <rr^^ —J- P- pulled down I
Son several hundred all-wool single and double breast Sack Suits made up w
in the latest New York fashion — the richest, rarest and most artistically Jj
S tailored garments in the land. Earlier in the season some of them sold as a *
high as $15.00. During this sale they go for Arpw /JET The finest ;^
dresser in the land cannot wear finer than the !p i tUOi pick of |
these garments, for they are all trimmed with rich mohair serge or M
w Farmer's satin, and embody weaves of Cheviots, Worsteds, Cassimeres, (8
m Serges and Tweeds, shades of browns, grays, slates, blue and black, plaids, j|
¥ overplaids and pinhead checks. Displayed in our show windows. |j
)P I / / }\i In our Children's Department we give W
SI I/I II \j& you one of the most pleasing surprises ever Jj
LJL'Wm experienced in all your dealings and shop- iff,
HmT ma pings for children's or boys' clothing, placing on w
\|l IS sale about forty different lines of Children's and Jj)
r fj (V Boys' suits, comprising about 2400 suits in all. JS
\ a 4 S^^ Every single suit stylish and up-to-date II
y *~ and guaranteed as to durability, reliability and w .
S* : - workmanship. v \ &
$ The assortment of lovely garments consists of cunning specimens
H representing chic and style for the little fellows in ages from 3 to 8, n ■
II and a splendid selection of Reefer Suits for boys 4to 1O ; also several lines J
a of Sailor Suits. For the larger boys, those between the ages of 9 and 15, c
a• we can please you with an assortment which is simply grand. Not one of |,
I the suits is worth less than $5.00 and $5.50, and some of them are worth fc
I more, but during this sale they go at the surprisingly low price of j
!S.N.WOODSrCO.
I 718 Market Street. |
34
EXPECTANT
HAWAIIANS
Awaiting the Arrival of
Annexation News.
ACTION OF HOUSE KNOWN
IT HAS CAUSED A BIG JUKP
IN SUGAR STOCKS.
People of Honolulu Preparing to
Welcorr.c the Second Expedition
on the Way to the Philip
pines.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, June 22.— Flying the
prearranged signals in reference to an
nexation the steamship Moana with
bunting galore was sighted shortly
after daylight this morning. When she
docked at 7 o'clock there was quite a
large crowd gathered to greet her, hut
there was no demonstration and not
even a lonesome cheer, except in the
Imagination of those not present. A
sudden change in the weather brought
on a heavy rainstorm, and the people
became glum instead of Joyful, self
contained and repressing all emotion.
"Nothing decided, we must wait for
the Belgic on Saturday," was the gen
eral refrain. The anxiety and sus
pense is sorely trying, for our wishes
are the blind leaders of our opinions.
President Dole announces his hope and
belief that the Senate followed the lead
of the House and passed the Newlands
resolution by a proportionately large
majority. American Minister Sewall
anticipates delay and debate. Private
advices diametrically differ, and all the
community can do is to patiently wait.
The general impression is, however,
that we are already annexed, and it is
curious to note how many there are
who clamored for annexation three
years ago who now fervently pray that
the Senate may defeat the resolution.
There are many others who view the
situation with content as a means of
forcing out of future office the incum
bent?. , ..
One of the leaders of annexation said
this morning: "We must now organ
ize to drive these people from power
and to crush them once and forever.
Without annexation we never could
throttle them; with annexation we can
destroy them."
It is understood that the Legislature
will now set to work in earnest to clean
up its business and adjourn, to be
again summoned in special session to
vote upon the Joint resolution when it I
is received from the United States. j
There will be no great difficulty in ob
taining Its passage, although it is whis
pered that there will be pom" opposition
if certain arrangements can be made
politically.
The Hawaiian?. especially the
women, are very despondent at the
news, but there is not the slightest fear
of any disturbance. Annexation will be
accepted as a matter of course, with
1h» reservation that vengeance will be
exacted politically whenever the oppor
tunity offer?, for there is the bitterness
of death in the souls of the people.
News has been received here that
Queen LHiuekalani proposes to return
to Hawaii via San Francisco next
month. . ._ 
The tranpports of the second Manila
expedition have not yet been sighted,
'put we are expecting them hourly. The
executive committee of reception met
this afternoon and completed all details
for entertaining the soldiers. If agree
able to their commander they will be
divided into two divisions approximat
ing 3000 each and "fed" at noon on Fri
day and Saturday.
While Hawaiians are awaiting an
nexation news they are indulging in
unprecedented sugar stock gambling
and heavy betting on results by the
next steamer. Without entering into
professional details of "how much paid
up," etc., let it be understood that the
excitement is intense and that stock of
$100 par value is at $350, with an intima
tion that it will reach $500, If the news
in favorable. Honokaa. Pioneer, Maka
weli. in fact all the gilt edged planta
tions paying their 60 to 80 per cent divi
dends, more or less, are keeping pace
and those who were on the inside are
coining money. The stocks are worth
the money paid for them and more, for
production of sugar, under present con
ditions, la proof of their value. But
why this sudden spurt in prices?
The reasons are in the main political,
and In a word the annexationists, hav
ing duped the United States, are now
reaping their reward before their du
plicity Is discovered, knowing that the
deed that they may have caused to be
done, if done, cannot be undone.
President Dole has materially assist
ed in the deal by allowing it to be pub
licly known that he has every faith In
the accomplishment of annexation
within the next three weeks, that is to
say, within the term of the present ex
tra session of the Legislature, although
he admits that there may possibly be
delay and disappointment. The Legis
lature has aided and abetted by its
action on two most important bills in
connection with which faith has been
broken with the United States, the
labor contract repeal and the Chinese
restriction bills. HORACE WRIGHT.
THREE THOUSAND MEN
START FOR SANTIAGO
WASHINGTON. June 29.— The un
derstanding at the War Department to
day ni that cix transports, carrying
r»-enforcements for General Shafter'a
army, would leave Tampa to-day, go
ing: cut with the tide. They carry
about 3000 men with their equipments
ami subsistence. This is only a small
portion of the re-enforcements to he
pent to General Shatter, as at present
deterriined, and include a portion of
Readier General Snyder'a division.
i«rom the fact that they are In com
mand of Brigadier General Randolph
the presumption is that the artillery
batteries under his charge, or at least
a portion of them, also have been taken
with this expedition. There were six
batteries in all under command of Gen
eral Randolph, three of which were of
heavy and the remainder of lisht artil
lery. At Key West the transports are
to be met by a convoy of naval vessels
and escorted to Santiago. Other trans
ports are expected to return from Cuba
in a few days, and they will take the
remainder of the troops assigned to re
enforce General Shafter.
CHICK AMAUGA, June 29.— The order
issued yesterday conveying the infor
mation that the entire First Army
Corps would be sent to Cuba has
doubled the activity at Camp Thomas.
The work of completely equipping and
arming the twenty-seven regiments is
an immense task for the short time in
which it must be accomplished, but it
Is already in progress and officials say
things will be in shape sooner than is
generally though* possible. Everybody
in the twenty-seven regiments, from
colonels to privates, is hustling to-day,
and considerable rivalry to be the first
to get in shape Is In evidence. It is be
lieved that all under orders will be
woving inside of two weeks.
HORSES FIRST
TO THE WIRE
Only One Favorite Wins
at Latonia.
ORtMAR BEATS IMP. SKATE
PANSY STAKES ANNEXED BY
SIR HUBERT.
At Washington Park Old Bellicoso
Buna Second to David Tcnny
in a Distance
Event.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI. Jur.e 89.— Judge Tarvin
was the only favorite that won at Lato
nia to-day. Weather pleasant; track
fast. Results
First race, mile and a sixteenth, selling,
Royal Danci won, Mellie second, Arctu
rua third. Time, 1:49%.
Second race, five and a half furlongs.
Ju'lkc Tarvin won, Peter Sierlh.s second,
L. PillOtt Jr. third. Time, 1:10%.
Third race, one mile, selling. The Plan
et won. Everest second, Calleen third.
Time. 1:42.
Fourth race, six furlongs, Orimar won,
imp. Skate second, Turtle Dove third.*
Time. 1:14%.
Fifth race, five furlongs. Norir.a Taylor
won, Jessie Jarboe second, Piccola third.
Time, 1:0894-
Sixtli race, one mile, selling, Lyllis won,
Charlna second, Cecil third. Time. 1:42.
NEW YORK, June 29.— Results at
Sheepshead Bay:
First race, five furlongs, Tremargo won,
Lady Marian second, Hanwell third.
Time, 1:01 4-5.
Second race. Futurity course, Lache
viel won, Lothario second, Dr. Parker
third. Time, 1:12 1-5.
Third race, one mile, Latson won. Lau
deman second, Slasher third. Time,
1:42 3-5.
Fourth race, mile and a furlong, sell
ing, Rappahannock won, Belmar second,
Poetess third. Time, 1:55.
Fifth race, mile, and three furlongs,
George Boyd won, Sir Vassar second,
Howard Mann third. Time, 2;23 3-5.
Sixth race, Pansy stakes, six furlongs,
Sir Hubert won. Kingdon second. Clap
trap third. Time, 1:14 4-5.
CHICAGO, June 29.— Two favorites,
King Barleycorn and David Tenny, won
at Washington Park to-day. Riley Gran
nan, who took all kinds of bets on King
Barleycorn was the heaviest loser.
Weather clear; track fast. Results:
First race, one mile and seventy yards,
The Devil won, The Elector second, Boan
erges third. Time, 1;44.
Second race, five furlongs, Kins Bar
leycorn won, April's Lady second, Sur
vivor third. Time, l:01Vi.
Third race, mile and a sixteenth, Da
vid Tenny won, Bellicofio second, Morte
Fodm third. Time, 1:40 V;.
Fourth race, six furlongs. I-^nchanter
won. Amy Wade second, Tartarian third.
Time. 1:14.
Fifth race, six furlongs. Af.imada won,
Tenola second, Duke of Haven third.
Time, 1:13%.
ST. LOT IS, June 20.— Weather pleas
ant: track go <i. Results;
First race, one mile. Belling, Osric II
won. Can Galop second. Stella X third.
Time, 1:44.
Second race, mile and a quarter, Dr.
Marks won. Serf second, Virginia M
third. Time, 2:12.
Third race, six furlongs, selling, Fire
aide won, Montgomery second. Miss Verne
third. Time. 1:15.
Fourth race, mile and seventy yards,
handicap, Laureate won, Parole dOr sec
ond. Beaumonde third. Time. 1:47%.
Fifth race, five furlongs.. Iris won, Lu
cinda B II Bccond. Munab third. Time,
1:03.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling. Siddu
bia won. Juanita second, Reuben Rowett
third. Time, 1:15%. . •
PORTLAND. Or.. June 29.— Results at
Irvington:
2:50 pace. Annie J won. Walter A sec
ond. Prince Tom third. Best time. 2:21%"
Five and one half furlongs, I Don't
Know won. Jim Bozeman second, Ricardo
third. Time, 1:10.
Six and a half furlongs. Howard won,
Latah second, Walter J third. Time.
1:22%.
CINCINNATI DRAWS
AWAY FROM BOSTON
Cleveland, Chicago and Pittsburg
Increase Their Percentage
of Wins.
NATIONAL LEAOrE STANDING.
Hub?— W*. V. Tct. I Clubs— . W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..40 22 .645 New Y0rk... 23 SO 492
Boston 37 2* .<>l7 rhi!a<iplphla 26 23 .473
Cleveland ...36 L' 3 .61'). Brooklyn ....23 34 .404
Baltimore ...34 23 .BM Washington .23 37 .383
Chicago 35 26 .574 St. l.uuls 21 41 33-j
Pittsburg ...38 27 .550 Louisville ...20 42 .223
CHICAGO. June 29.— The Orphans had
on their batting clothes to-day and gay«
Manager Anson's Giants a bud beating in
a loosely played fielding- game. Both man
agers were presented with elegant floral
pieces. Attendance 9000. Score:
Clubs— R. 11. E.
Chicago 12 15 5
New York • •. 4 8 5
Batteries — Callahan and Donahue; Meekln
and Warner. Umpires Snyder and Connelly.
LOUISVILLE. June 29.— 80 th teams
played snappy ball and the Colonels won
ny good base running. Attendance .2500.
Score:
<'!übs— R. H. "E.
I,ouls\ille •. 4 io l
rialtimnre 3 9 1
It&tteries— Frnzor and Klttredire; Maul and
Robinson. Umpires— McDonald and O'Day."
PITTBBURQ, June 29.— Pittsrnirß- hnrt
only one hit up to the eighth to-day, when
two hits and two errors brought in thre«
runs, tlciiie the score. In the eleventh
Grey made a two-bagger and scored on
McCarthy's single. Attendance 1200.
Score:
Clubs— H. H. E.
PUUburg 4 C 0
Brooklyn 3 9 4
Batteries — Gardner and Sohrlver; Kennedy
and Kyan. Umpires — Lynch and Andrews.
CLEVELAND. June 2C'.— The Bostons
hit Powell freely, but not effectively, luck
being against them. Duffy and Long were
\ put out of the game, tho latter for three
days, for wrangling with the umpire. At
tendance 1500. Score:
Club*— . R. H. E.
Cleveland 8 8 0
Boston .' 0 10 0
Batteries— Powell and O'Connor: N'lchols and
Berger.. Umpires— Oushman and Curry.
ST. LOUIS. June 20.— The Browns hit
Mercer hard to-day. Only a complication
of unfortunate circumstances prevented
the locals from making five more runs.
Attendance 900. Score:
Clubs— ' - R. H. E.
Ft. Louis .'.. 3 14 3
Washington • '. 2 0 1
Hatterles— and Clements; Mercer and
Farrell. Umpires— Bwartwood and Wood.
CINCINNATI, June 29.— Broltenstein^s
noro arm lasted one Inning. Then Elmer
Smith tried, but was wild. Hawley start
ed In the third and the Reds pulled out In
the tenth. Attendance 2SOO. Score:
Clubs- • R. H. E.
Cincinnati 9 13 4
Philadelphia g 12 7
Batteries— Brettensteln, Smith. Hawlcy and
Peitz: Orth and McFariand. Umpires— Emslie
and Feydlcr.
PORTLAND, June 29.— Score:
Clubf- R. H. E.
Portland 11 11 2
Spokane t 10 7
TACOMA, June 29.— Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Tacuma 4 8 4
Seattle : 7 9 4
Death at Santa Rosa.
SANTA ROSA. June 29.— George W.
Oakea, clerk of the Grand Hotel and one
of the most widely known hotel men on
the coast, died here this evening after a
short illness. He was a native of Eng
land, aged 42 years, and a prominent
Mason.
Celebrate the Fourth with California
fireworks. Efty direct from makers. Cal
ifornia Flrewfrks Co.. 219 Front st. •
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 30, 1893.
CHINA WILL
BE AIDED
John W. Foster on the
Empire's Future.
INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS
ENGLAND AND AMERICA WILL
WORK IN ACCORD.
Interests of Tyro Branches of the
Anglo-Saxon Race Will Have
an Important Bon ring in
the Far East.
Special D!rpat"h to The Ca!l.
BOSTON, June 2S*.— The annual com
mencement orati"- at Arahurst College
was delivered to-day by Hon. John YV.
Foster, the celebrated American diplo
mat and Secretary of State in Harri
son's Cabinet. The subject was, "The-
International Relations of China." He
said:
"The great need of China to-day Is
a courageous and intelligent leader. It
is not unrensor.able to hope for such a
loadtr in the present emergency. The
existing crisis in affairs was provoked
and precipitated by Japan and followed
in rapid succession by a series of events
indicative of the ambitious designs of
European powers and the incapacity
and helplessness of China; first, a
JOHN W. FOSTER, Ex-Secretary of State.
guarantee of Chinese loans, and then
wresting from China of naval and com
mercial ports and territory by Russia,
Germany, France and Great Britain.
Th<.se events would seem to presage
■tho dismemberment of China. A nation
whose Interest and power might pre-
Aent It is Great Britain. How far fche
Will be disposed to assert herself to
that end Is a question of the future. It
.'or-nis almost hopeless to expect Chin.x
to achieve her redemption unaided.
What n.ay be done through the west
ern assistance is foreshadowed in the
customs service administered by Eng
land and other foreign employes to
honpfct and successful service.
"If the same system could be applied
to the collection and disbursement of
other material revenues and to military
establishment a new era might dawn
upon the middle kingdom. The British
Government asserts, and I think sin
cerely, that it desired the maintenance
and development of the Chinese empire
as an independent nation, and that its
only interest Is to have untrammeled
commercial intercourse with itfi peo
ple. This attitude emphasizes the new
spirit of commercialism which has
taken possession of the world in the
last half of tho present century. The
last half of the century has brought
about great changes in that part of the
world, changes which have been influ
enced by and affect no notion In larger
degree- than the United States. Under
these circumstances it Is impossible for
I us to look upon the situation In China
| with indifference as our Interest In
; pres?rvlns free commercial Intercourse
! with that country coincides with that
iof Great Britain. It 1b fortunate the
present v.-ar has brought us most close
ly together and led us to forget the
causes which have partly estranged us
in the past.
"Political alliance is not necessary to
bring about the co-operation of the
British and American Governments in
Chinese affairs. But it is a happy
augury for the future of that ancient
empire in Its crisis of distress that
there Is a concurrence of Interests and
views respecting it in two brance3 of
the Anglo-Saxon race. In the past
century It has far outstripped every
other race in all elements and qualities
.which make man noble, useful and
powerful. It stands to-day as a cham
pion of liberty, enlightenment and hu
manity. United it can stand against
the world. For fifty years Its mission
aries have been at work In China as In
Hawaii and the Caroline Islands, to
teach the people a better way of life.
If joined to these Influences England
and America can, by common policy,
give security to the Government, bring
about a better, purer system of admin
istration and break down the spirit of
conservatism, there may come to
China an era of power and prosperity
unequaled in the seas."
HASTENS THE RESCUE
OF A DROWNING LAD
One Boy Hurled Into the Water by
Another to Go to the Aid of a
Third.
BAUSALJTO, June 29.— Oeorgre Warrack,
the five-year-old eon of J. W. Warrack,
floor-walker in the "White House, San
Francisco, had a narrow escape from
drowning hero to-day.
The little fellow was fishing off the
wharf in company with Reginald O Cou
ncil. 17 rears old. and a boy named Man
uel Moftida. When the child fell in
OTonnell started to take oft his shoes to
lump In after him, and bad fine off. when
Morcida saw thnt the child wn? going un
der for the third time, and pushed U Con-
One' .n tho water, O'ConneU managed
to hold little George's head above water
until sforelda threw a plank to him. and
both wore fished out. Dr. Mays soon re-
Btored the little fellow to consciousness.
MAJOR LONG COMMENDED
Prominent Commercial Bodies Up
hold the Quartermaster's
Course.
Within the past few clays comments
have been made upon the course of Ma
jor Oscar F. Long of the Quartermaster's
Department It was asserted that he
winked at the uniform contractors when
he know that they were having garments
for the soldiers rr.nde by Chinese and
When he also knew that many white
women desired this same employment.
These charges were then published, ana
now comes Major Long's side of tho story
for publicity, not told by himself, but by
some of the best citizens of the commu
nity. The first to £0 to his defense was
Hugh Craig, president of the Chamber of
Commerce, and A. A. "Watklns. president
of the San Francisco Board of Trade.
Yesterday this subject was taken up at
the meeting of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association, In which the
greatest respect and confidence was ex
pressed for Major Long. Manager Oscar
Lewis had been directed by President
Sbarboro to make an investigation of the
charges against the quartermaster, and
this was the report to the directors:
One of the moFt Important matters that has
been attended to recently Is that In relation
to Government supplies. By direction of the
president a. meeting was called at the rooms of
the association, and representatives from com
mercial bodies ami parties Interested were in
vited to be present. The meeting was well at
tended and important terrains signed by the
various parties were forwarded to Washington
ami substantial benefits to the merchants and
manufacturers interested In the furnishing of
Government supplies have already accrued.
In this connection I wish to state that I had
a very Interesting Interview With Major Oscar
F. Long, who is In charge of the quarter
master's department in San Francisco. 'When
Major Long took charge of the department here
all supplies were being procured from the East.
Upon investigation he found that when the
freight was udded the Government was paying
more for many articles than for which goods
of the Fame quality could be obtained here.
After a considerable amount of work and cor
respondence he obtained permission from Wash
ington from time to time to call for articles
made or for sale here, until at the present time
nearly every article used in his department Is
purchased in the San Francisco market.
This lia» been accomplished through the
Strenuous efforts of Major Long and the earnest
and active co-operation of the merchants,
manufacturers and producers of this Coast.
Already $1,500,000 has been expended or con
tracted for, and It is expected that It will reach
tor th^ year to from $3,000,000 to $5,000,000.
Major Long has received the highest com
mendations from his superiors for the prompt
manner in which the Immense amount of sup
plies required for the fitting out of the Manila
expedition has been filled, being much more
expeditious than at any other point in the
United States during the present crisis.
The clause forbidding the employment of
Chinese labor on contracts for supplies was in
serted by Major Long without authority from
Washington, and in deference to the sentiment
of the people of the Coast against such labor.
This met with tho approval of every
one present and resulted in the following
dispatch being sent to Senator Perkins,
signed by the association, and subse
quently by five of the largest commercial
bodies in "the city:
Benator George C. Perkins. United Stntes
Ponate, Washington. D. t\— Dear Sir: Having
noticed the accounts of certain newspapers re
cently upon purchasing of suppplies by the dp-
I'artmont here, aftfr a thorough lnve«tlKatl"n
we. are satisfied that the action of Major Oscar
F. Long in relation to the purchasing of Gov
ernment supplies has been in every way com
mendable, and that he bus used every means
at his command to protect the best Interests
ot labor ts against Chinese competition, and
that the mod work already accomplished on he
half of the manufacturers of the coast will be
bubsitantially increased ir not retarded by un
just criticisms and ground!'?ss complaints. All
contract)! contain the following clause against
the employment of Chinese labor:
"Chinese labor not to be employed in any man
ner whatever. If satisfactory evlJer.ce is pro
duced that such labor has been «o employed. It
will be considered sufficient to reject any and
every artlolp under this award, and it is so
understood by the party receiving and the
party making this award."
We believe that the manufacture of supplies,
for the first time in the history of the army
depot having been brought to this city, will
now remuln with us, bringing millions of d,.1
lars In emulation to our people. It is through
the concerted force of the depot quartermaster
that this has been accomplished, notwithstand
ing the unjust crltlclmH of local Journals.. We
heartily endorse and approve Major Long's ac
tions.
Will you kindly refer this to the California
delegation and the proper authorities?
Thanking you and your colleagues for your
valuable services to the State, we remain.
Yours very truly,
(Signed). A. SBARBORO,
President Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation of California..
Boot and Shoe Manufacturers' Association, by
Albert Durham, secretary-
Pacific Coast Hardware and Metal Association,
by W. C. McCloskey, assistant secretary.
San Francisco Produce Exchange, by Herman
Kpplnger. president.
Merchants' Exchange Association, by Herman
Eppinger, president.
Wholesale Grocers' Association. William
Haas president.
Tails From a Boat.
SANTA CRUZ, June 29.— The six-year
old son of Benjajpin Lloyd was drowned
In the creek at Ben Lomond thlß after
noon. He fell from a boat.
Proposed Alliance With England.
If the United States and England should
form an alliance, the combined strength would
be so great that there would be little chance
for enemies to overcome us. In a Ilka man
ner, when men and women k°ep up their
bodily strength with Hostetter's Stomach Bit
ters, there is little chance of attacks from
disease. The old time remedy enriches the
blood, builds up the muscles, steadies the
nerves and Increases tho appetite. Try 5t
WINS A BELLE
OF OLD SONOMA
T. C. Ry I and Weds Miss
Agnes Duhring.
PRETTY MARRIAGE SERVICE
__ .
BANS SAID UNDER A HUGE
FLORAL BELL.
The Groom a Grandson of ths Lato
Peter G. Burnett, the First
Governor of the Stnte
of California.
Special Dtawtd) to The Call.
SONOMA, June 20.— At the home of
the bride's mother, at 11 o'clock this
morning. Miss Aprnes J. Duhring waa
united in holy wedlock to T. C. Elyland
of San Francisco.
The Duhring residence, tho srsne of
many happy gatherings, waa beauti
fully decorated by loving friends and
presented a scene of beauty. The spa
cious double parlors were banked with
ferns, sweet peas and Bmilax.
At 11 o'clock Miss Ethel Ciair Hope
struck up the strains of Mendelssohn's
wedding march and the bridal party
was announced. The party met under
a beautiful wedding bell suspended
from the center of the bow window,
where Rev. Father Ham of St. Mary's
Cathedral, San Francisco, awaited it,
and the impressive ceremony of the
Catholic Church was performed. The
bride, who wore a gown of white silk
muslin de soire, was attended by her
bridesmaid, Miss Gretchen Tirunsch of
Alameda, who wore white organdy over
yellow silk, and her maid of honor,
Miss Doris Clewe, dressed in white
organdy. The groom was attended by
his brother, John W. Ryland of San
Jose, who acted as best man. Frederick
T. Duhring, only brother of the bride,
gave her to her intended husband.
The ceremony completed, congratu
lations were extended and the guests
repaired to a larga tent stretched in
the gardens surrounding the residence,
where a wedding breakfast was served
and many felicitous toasts to tha health
and prosperity of bride and groom pro
posed.
Mr. and Mrs. Ryland and many rela
tives and friends from different parts
of the State this afternoon boarded a
train for San Francisco. Mr. and Mrs.
Ryland, during their honeymoon will
visit Santa Cruz, Del Monte, Coronado
and Denver. Upon their return they
will take up their residence in San
Francisco.
Both bride and groom are of families
well known through ut the State. Mr.
Ryland was a bob of John Ryland, the
late millionaire of San June, and a
grandson of Peter G. Burnett, the first
Governor of California. He is a. ;.
inent architect of the metro;! >Us. Mrs.
Ryland is the only daughter of Mrs. I >.
Duhring of this place. She is one of
Sor.oma's most popular young ladies
and was prominent in local society.
FAVOR A LARGER
PARK APPROPRIATION
BRODERICK AltfXi CRESWELL
AGREEABLE.
Important Improvements Pointed
Out to tlio City Official.-, by the
Park Commissioners.
Auditor William Broderick and City and
County Attorney Creswel] were the guests
of A. B, Spreckels, president of the Board
of Park Commissioners, yesterday. They
were driven through the beautiful pleas
ure grounds of the people and shown the
wonderful improvements made by the
board during the past year. Both the city
(Officials admitted that the Park Commis
sioners had been moderate in their de
mands, asking- for only $349,000 to be used
in still further beautifying- the park.
When Mr. Spreckels pointed out the
large tracts of land that needed cultiva
tion, the paths that should be cut through
the trees, the drives that yet deserved at
tention and the hundred and ono import
ant improvements that appeared n
sary to those whose constant pleasure it
is to study out valuahle additions to tho
people's breathing spot, they were of the
opinion that more than the amount asked
for should be appropriated.
At luncheon there was a general dis
cussion of matters pertaining to tho park.
It was the prevailing opinion that no
false economy should stand in the way
of its further Improvement.
Fractured His Kneecap.
W. L. Coles. ex-Sergeant of Police, met
with an unfortunate accident yesterday
ADVERTISEMENTS. ___
+ Relief From Pain and the Return of Strength by Using Dr. j
♦ Sanden's Electric Belt. +
♦ "^^^"^^^^^^ X
+ f tt) ■ i
♦ ■ . SAN FRANCISCO, June 8, 1898. *£
4- DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: I will tell you what your Electric Treatment has done for me. I was severely afflicted +
■a. with lumbago for several months. I resorted to all kinds of drugs and plasters without relief. I was getting very +
. much discouraged, as I was hardly able to do any kind of manual labor to earn a living. I mentioned my condition to .
"♦" a friend, who is a nurse, and he induced me to try one of your Belts. In less than a week, to my surprise, I was not "♦"
+ only greatly relieved, but cured. I have since felt stronger and have not the least sign of my trouble. I will induce 4-
a others to try it before any other remedy. Yours truly, . - ' JOHN E. MORIARTY, 1205 Stockton St. x
"*" Dr. Banden's Electric Belt has 10,000 Cures . "▼"
+ All over this State Its wonderful cures are known. It cures all pains and weakness after the failure of every other +
+ known remedy. Dr. Sanden's book gives full information. Send for It. Personal consultation free and invited. 4.
X DR. A. T. SANDEN, I^t.in drug stores. *X *
♦ 702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco. Dr. Ban< i . ctrlo Beit +
"T\ Office hours, Ba. m. to Bp. m..; Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 204W Is never sold in drug store* "^"
4. South Broadway: Portland, Or., 253 Washington street; Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth street: nor by traveling agent*. 4.
T Dallas, Tex... ;2Ss, Main street.  - . nor oy traveiini agenta. ff
♦......' ' 4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4. » — " ~~" * +
afternoon. While stepping oft o ear at
Montgomery and Market streets he
Blipped and fell, fracturing his right ••• c
cap. He was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital and later to St. Luke's.
WATERMAN WILL RACE.
Active Frrparations for the Rowing
n-id Whitehall Boat Begnttas
July Fourth.
A meeting of the committee having in
charge the regatta to be hclci in eonjunc-
Lidn with the celebration of the Fourth
of July was hi Id last night at the Califor
nia 1!'
Chairman Grattan Phillips presided, the
n Diainln] !; being: John
N Much, John T. McCarthy, John T. Sul
livan and Thomas L. Doran. The sue
■ !• i- the rowing and the Whitehall
assured. There are already
for the sailing race. Bn
witli William Fitxgerald,
Powell stro t. to-mormw
at 5 p m For the rowng races entries
arc pri tor both the barge and
;u all the dubs about the
The officers In charge of the rov.-lng fol
.l ■ n T. McCarthy; starter,
John T. Sullivan; marshal. J. I. Nolan;
I, Tltua i irown; Judges—
. ,i\ . "Diti ' Sullivan, W.
St Jchn Edv : Smith. H. A. I'lrss. D.
O'Connell A.. H. Mi I ■ tz, William Fox.
a ai d I lharles Smith: timers
a, George Steffens, Law-
O'Kell, J. O'Day and William B.
Ilinchman.
NEW STREET LIGHTS.
Design cf Pole and Lamp for the Big
City Thoroughfares.
Before mar.y months pass Market street
from the ferries to Valencia and Van Ness
avenue from Mar
ket street to Green
ivill be illuminated
>y electric lamps oil
)rnamental poles of
his design. The Su
pervisors left the
matter of selecting
the design of the
poles and lamps to
the Merchants' As
sociation which yes
terday decided upon
this one, out of 34
submitted. It is the
creation of Mr. Her
nan G. Scheffauer,
Rrho was awarded
the prize of $20 of
fered for the most
artistic production.
The poles are to be
of iron and made so
sis to take either the
overhead or the un
derground current.
The h"ieht is four
teen ieet from the
sidewalk to the
light. The cost ot
the poles to the city
will not be over $2a.
It is proposed to
place in the larger
blocks on Market
street three lights
and on the avenue
one to each block.
As soon as these
new poles are put in
place the associa
tion will have the
old flickering gas at
fairs removed. Tho
poles are to be
planted on the edge
of the sidewalk, so
as to throw the elec
tric rays over as
great a surface as
possible. The globe
of the lamp is to be
of pure white ground
glass to mellow the
electric light and it
has been suggested
that the globes near
fire alarm boxes be
of a delicate pink,
not so pronouncea
as to be out of place,
but sufficient to at
tract the attention
of any who might
have occasion to
turn an alarm of
fire and not know
whore to find the
nearest box. As soon
as the Supervisor*
are in a position
they will provide for
similar lights fur the
oth r large business
, streets of the city.
A -■■ .ill of the other
designs were of ex
ceptional merit the association was per
plexed as to which to choose, but after
careful consideration it was thought Air.
Scheffauer's had a little advantage in
point of beauty and simplicity.
Ladles' tailor-made suits; latest designs; we
give credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter, r. 6 & 7.
SENATE
BILL TO
REFUND
!
New Scheme to Per
petuate Oppression.
CONFISCATION OF PROPERTY
ATTEMPT TO DEPRIVE COURTS
OF INTERVENING POWER.
John T. Doyle Thro-ws a Flash of
Light on Collie P. Hunt
ington's Last
Measure. a j'.*|!J
Th<? following statement from John
T. Doyle throws a big flash of light on
Mr. Huntinßton's new refunding bill:
SAN FRANCISCO, June 29.
To the Editor of The Call— Dear Sir:
I beg through your columns to draw pub
lic attention to Mr. Huntingdon's new re
funding bill, lately Introduced In the
United States Senate, as explained In a
letter to his Honor Mayor Phelan.
The bill appoints the Secretary of the
Treasury, the Secretary of the Interior
and the Attorney General to settle th.»
Indebtedness to the Government growing
out of the issue of bonds to aid the Cen
tral and Western Pacific roads on such
terms as may be agreed on by them and
the owners of the roads. The Commis
sion is not to accept less tnan the prin
cipal and. the unpaid interest, due at the
time of settlement. But it is authorized
to grant time for payments by install
ments, with interest at not less than 3
per cent per annum, with such security
as the Commission may deem expedient.
The last clause Is intended to and will
authorize a mortgage of the hundred-year
lease of the Central road to the Govern
ment, and thus put it beyond the power
of a court to declare It void. It means
ninety years' further railroad oppression
to California, and confiscation of the
property of the Central Pacific stockhold
ers, whose shares will from the passage
of that act be worth the value of Mr.
Huntington's personal promise or two
years' dividend at 2 per cent per annum,
and not a farthing "?". Yo ur a re«>ect
fully, JOHN T. JjvJlL/ti.
GEORGE ROSE
AGAIN MARRIED
MISS O'NEAL THE WIFE OF THE
BOOKMAKER.
A Wedding a Few Days Ago in
Detroit Which Recalls a
Divorce Sensation.
News was received here yesterday by
mail of the marriage of George Rose,
the well-known bookmaker, to Miss
Frankle O'Neal of Santa Cruz. Last
Wednesday Mrs. Emma Blake of this
city received a telegram from Mrs. Rose
acquainting her of the marriage, which -
took place in Detroit. The Detroit papers
of the following day published meager T
accounts of the wedding. That Georga \
Rose is married again there can be no
doubt, although some of the relatives of
the present Mrs. Rose were strong; in
their assertions that no wedding took
'' Mr.' Rose was the defendant in a sen
sational divorce suit in April. His wife
brought suit and a divorce was obtained.
In the complaint no specific person was
mentioned as a (('-respondent, but the
usual legal panacea. Miss Roe, bore the
brunt of Mrs. Rose's allegations. It is
believed that Mrs. Rose No. 1 obtained a
large settlement and that Mr. Rose did
not oppose the divorce very strenuously.
The present Mrs. Rose is well known in
The information received here yester
day mentions the marriage as having
taken place in the Russell House, De
triot, but this has been latterly denied.
The proprietor of the Russell House neg
atives this information.
THE IRISH FAIR.
A Great Financial Success Is Antici
pated.
The Irish Fair will certainly be a suc
cess if what is expected materializes. At
a meeting last night at the Occidental
Hotel some important business was
transacted and some very patriotic
speeches we.-c made by the gentlemen
whf ari fuithering the interests of the
fair.
A letter was read from James G. Ma
guire, in which he promised that he would
exert every effort to obtain a rebate of
customs for exhibits from Ireland.
A nominating- committee was selected
to appoint a permanent president, vice
presidents and a secretary. The follow
ing comprise the committee: Robert Fer
ral. Andrea Sbarboro and John H. Grady.
Addresses were delivered by Tirey L.
Ford, Colonel G. S. Young and others.MERRITT AND STAFF SAIL
FOR THE PHILIPPINES
MAJOR GENERAL MERRITT,
U. P. A., with the numerous
officers of his staff, embarked
for Manila upon the steamer
Newport at 5 minutes after 9
o'clock yesterday morning. An hour
later the "blue peter" was aflutter, the
lines rast off and the good ship had her
nose in the wind and was off overseas
In the yet rippling wake of the boats
of the third expedition.
From early morning the Mail dock
had been crowded to the gate with all
and conditions of people who had
gathered for a dozen different reasons.
Mothers and sisters and wives were
there, a host of the warm friends of
the general and his officers to bid them
godspeed, a crowd of curious spectators
who came to see and to shout, and shout
they did with right good will. Their
cheering found an echo in the rigging,
on the after deck and from every port
hole and from wherever else a boister
ous red and blue artilleryman had
been able to find a foothold.
A singing blast from the horn of the
Newport was the signal for every
bass-voiced siren and shrieking: fal
setto pipe along the front. Pande
monium broke loose. The myriad boats
of the mosquito fleet gave good hale
and courtesied their colors; from the
thronged docks and berthed ships came
a flash of flags and kerchiefs; a din
of cannon from the Marion and Alca
traz and a shout went up as long and
unremitting as the shrieking from the
Flrens. It was as royal a farewell as
has yet been given.
A crowd had gathered at the Palace
Hotel rotunda to see General Merritt
as he took his carriage for the docks.
They waited patiently, but in vain, for
the general, after a little nnst prandial
at the bar, quietly slippe^^^ through
to Market street and junostentatiously
took a Third street car to the b^at, his
luggage having preceded him.
Arrived at the boat side he was met
by Majors General Otis and Merriam,
Brigadier General Miller and a dozen
other of the officers of the department
who had come to bid him bon voyage
and to give assurance of their keen
hope of following not far behind.
General Merriam with his party ac
companied the Newport out of the bay
on the Government steamer McDowell,
as did a dozen of the small craft that
blocked the big ship's path.
A few minutes after the transport
had departed from the dock three be
lated privates from the Presidio
bounded on the dock shouting lustily
after their boat. They were taken on
a launch and put aboard the Newport
in the stream. No less than a dozen of
the men were left behind.
THE FOURTH
EXPEDITION.
Brigadier-General M. P. Miller
Commander— Vessels
to Go.
The exact date of the departure of the
next expedition to Manila is still the un
solved problem that is proving of great
interest to the officers and men at Camp
Merritt.
Next to this, the most interesting ques
tion is what troops will compose the fourth
expedition to the Philippines. While no
official orders have yet been issued, It is
positively known that the War Depart
ment proposes to move all of the troops
now at Camp Merritt on the next two ex
peditions. No effort will be spared to se
cure the necessary transports to do this.
It is certain that the next fleet of vessels
to leave will carry half of the force now
remaining here, and what Is left will go
upon the fifth expedition.
Major General Otis will accompany the
next expedition, and Brigadier General
Marcus P. Miller will have command.
This much has been positively determined
upon, and has been an open secret for
several days. No orders have as yet
been issued in regard to the mailer, and
none of the officers will discuss the ques
tion, but that this is the plan that Major
General Otis intends to put into execu
tion was confirmed yesterday by a prom
inent officer, who is in a position to know
■what he is talking about. The fact that
General Miller has been selected to com
mand the next expedition would indicate
that it will be composed largely of regu
lar troops.
The Peru will be ready before July 30,
and In spite of the extensive alterations
th; * are beincr made to her the City of
will i;o - be behindhand.
The i'ennsylvania is due here at ajiy
hour rio^'. but sht has a big cargo of ma
. hinery a -oard. and that will take some
time to discharge. After that she will
COMPANIES G AND F, EIGHTH CALIFORNIA, ARRIVING AT CAMP BARRETT.
have to be refitted throughout as a troop
ship.
The identity of the fourth vessel of the
fleet is in doubt. It will either be the
Umatilla. "Walla Walla or State of Cali
fornia. The first two named vessels are
handicapped by having no means of get
ting coal out of the hold into the bunkers.
If they are taken this defect will have
to be remedied. The Walla Walla carries
a water tank for ballast, and in it 500 tons
of coal could be stored, and with it the
trip might be made, so if either vessel is
taken it will be her. The State of Cali
fornia has been examined, but as she is
small and would require considerable al
terations, ihe chances are against her be
ing taken.
The Acapulco. due to-day from Panama,
will probably be added to the fleet, so
the Peru, City of Puebla, Pennsylvania,
Walla Walla "and Acapulco may be the
next vessels to get away.
MARCHED FROM
HOME TO CAMP
Oakland Welcomes the As
sembling Companies of the
Eighth Regiment.
The stern reality of war •was mani
fested in Alameda county yesterday.
From her two largest cities there
marched out over two hundred bravo
boys, who were last night under canvas
at Camp Barrett.
The sun had not kissed the crest of the
Eastern hills when the members of Com
pany F gathered at the armory, but early
as they were, others were before them.
The willing hands of many ladies had
transformed the usually bare armorr
into a beautifully di-corated banquet hall,
for Oakland ladies never do anything by
halves.
The scene was a new one for all who
figured in it, with the exception of a few
veterans who thought of a generation
ago as they watched the boys enjoy their
breakfast. The armory has been the
scene of mariy gay festivities and com
pany drills and dress parades, but yes
terday the usual jaunty air was missing.
The boys were Berious, and although it
was a labor of love to wait upon them
the task was not pleasant.
Before the boys went out they were
i given a farewell cheer and Judge E. M.
Gibson said a few words. He recalled h:»
youth, his enlistment in the Union army,
his years of active service and expi
his confidence that the sons of the gener
ation that bore arms for humanity's
cause would prove as brave and unselfish
as their sires.
Dr. George C. Pardee also made a fare
well speech. He hinted that the rigors of
war rarely permitted of the return of
complete regiments and concluded with
a fervent "God bless you."
Both the doctor and the Judge spoke
with much feeling and Beyeral handker
chiefs were in evidence when the order
was given "Forward march."
Oakland's first contingent marched to
camp through decorated streets. Thou
sands of flags fluttered overhead, antici
| paling the great holiday of next Monday.
As Company P passed down Broadway to
Seventh street and up Washington to
Fourteenth on their way to camp they
were cheered on every street corner.
Four companies more of the Eighth
California Volunteers reached Camp Bar
rett yesterday. Companies A and L,
from Chico and Marysvllle, respectively,
reached the camping ground at 9:30 a. m.
and were given a royal reception by
the boys already in the tents. There
were few civilians to greet them, nearly
everybody being at Oakland or Alameda
to participate in the farewell demonstra
tion to their own boys, who were about
to abandon peaceful pursuits for the stir
ring life of warriors. There were a few,
however, who were out to meet the new
comers. The ladies of the Red Cross
Society of Oakland and neighboring
towns did not forget the tired soldiers
who had been up all night. An appetiz
ing breakfast had been prepared for
them, for which the troops were most
grateful.
Before the men had fairly got their
! tents up the roll of drums and flare of
! brass to the south and west announced
the simultaneous arrival of Company
F of Oakland, -escorted by Companies A
and G of Alamada, Both commands
; were preceded by bands and followed by
i all the citizens of their respective local
ities who could muster a bicycle or buggy
or were able to keep up with the pro
! cession on foot. It was an inspiring
i scene and the men were gayly bedecked
! with flowers. Sisters and sweethearts
clung to the. arms of many of the soldiers
• and would not discontinue their <
diity when the guard line was reached,
but, brushing past the sentries, continued
into camp.
It was surprising, considering the num
• her of recruits in all the companies, the
celerity with which the tents were pitched
, and the men settled down to the routine
of camp life. The greatest difficulty they
have to contend with is the management
! of the Bussacott ovens, two of which ar«
I issued to each company. It is consider
i able of a knack to prepare a meal on
i these camp stoves without burning the
food or destroying the stoves, and were
j it not for the fact that all the companies
j come into camp fairly loaded down with
j edibles they would find their fare ex
| ce'edlngly meager. The amateur chefs
declare they will soon have the "hang" of
; the Bussacott, and some of them already
; boast that they can boil water without
burnine it.
• The four "companies that arrived yes
THE SA^ IRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 30, 1898.
terday brought more than the maximum '
number, with the exception of the Ala- '
meda company, which only had 100 men
in line. Marysville sent 126 officers and
men, Oakland 100 and Chico 117.
At mustering headquarters the exam
ination of the men proceeded rather
slowly. Company D of San Rafael was
linished with during the forenoon and of
the ninety-nine enlisted men examined
only two were rejected— an excellent
showing, which reflects credit on the
wurk oi the surgeons who made the pre
liminary Inspection.
Company B of San Jose was next taken
up. every man being subjected to the.
most ricrid physical test. Four of the
first twelve called in were rejected. It
required all day to pass upon the qualili
: a of this company.
During the day the mustering officer
was notified of the appointment of Cyrus
Meggeti aa flrst lieutenant of Company
D. As F. ,1. Murray is the first lieutenant
of that company and is now in camp, it
looks as though he would have to be con
tent with the second lieutenancy or
forego his military aspirations.
Orders were also received announcing
the appointment of D. A. Smith as first i
lieutenant and adjutant. Lieutenant !
Smith has boon acting as adjutant of the
camp, and steps down one grade, as his
AWAY ON A STERN CHASE
Vain Attempt Made by the Tug Reliance, With Mail for the Fleet, to
Catch the Transport Newport.
Shortly after the Newport got under way a couple or soldiers from Camp Merrltt came down with a
sack of mail from the Minnesota regiment. Their names are Privates Stephens and Connors and their in
structions from Major Higgins were to get the letters on board the transport by hook or by crook. They se
cured the services of the dispatch boat Grant's launch, but it failed to catch the Newport, so it returned to
Folsom-street wharf. Then the soldiers chartered the tug Reliance, and taking along with • them Emile
Rasmussen of Battery H, Third Artillery, who had missed the boat, they started away after the transport.
As the Newport was passing out the signal man at Point Lobos tried to flag her, but failed to attract
the attention of any one on board. After passing the lightship Captain Brokaw of the Reliance saw the
transport slow down to drop the pilot and had great hopes of catching her. He kept the tug's whistle going,
but the Newport got under way again without taking any notice of the ensign union down which Captain
Brokaw in despair had hoisted at the peak.
When Captain Freeman, who had taken the Newport out, got aboard the pilot boat Gracie S and saw
the Reliance coming he at once set the signal "K. V." (important news), but the people on the Newport
took no notice. Then he set his ensign union down, but the transport kept on her way. Then Captain Bro
kaw gave up in despair and returned to the city with the soldiers.
Rasmussen was the only happy man on the tug. He had his best girl along with him and his whole
time out and back again was taken up in making love to her. The Reliance made a very quick run out,
covering the distance from Folsom-street wharf to the lightship in one hour and twenty minutes. As the
tug passed Meiggs wharf half a dozen other artillerymen who had missed their boat were keeping a look
out for her return to learn how their comrade had fared.
rank in the National Guard is that of cap
tain.
The companies that have passed the ex
amination have not been mustered in yet,
nor will they be until Governor Budd ap
points the commissioned officers. The
Governor la taking his time about this,
and in consequence most of the officers
in camp are somewhat nervous.
Captain Elliott of San Rafael was in
command yesterday. Colonel ESenshaw,
Lieutenant Colonel Carrington and Major
"Whitton visited the camp during thi
ernoon, but returned to the city for din
ner. They will all come over early this
morning, however, and Colonel Henahaw
will take formal command.
Captain W. S. Barnes paid a visit to the
camp yesterday morning and expressed
himself as greatly pleased with the loca
tion and the men. His company will ar
rive this morning.
While Major Whitton was here ho re
ceived a dispatch from Governor Bftdd
requesting him to report at headquarters
at once. Major Whitton took the first
train for the city, hardly waiting for the
congratulations of his brother officers,
who took it for granted that he was sum
moned to receive his formal appointment.
Captain George B. Baldwin also visited
Camp Barrett yesterday afternoon re
turning to San Francisco with Colonel
Henshaw and party. Lieutenant Me<"
gett. the newly appointed officer of com
pany D, clad in a spick and span new
uniform, was another visitor. He has al
ready gone into quarters.
COLONEL WILLARD
YOUNG ARRIVED
He Will Form the Second
Regiment of Engi
neers.
Willard Toung, appointed colonel of one
of the three regiments of engineers, the
formation of which was authorized by
Congress, arrived in this city last night.
He has been engaged in marshaling the
Second Regiment from volunteers in the
, Central "Western and Pacific Coast States.
The regiment will be composed of twelve
companies. San Francisco will contribute
one as its quota. Out of the ninety-one
men for the local company, sixty have
been enrolled.
Colonel Young will give a competitive
examination to-day for commissions in
the local company at the office of Colonel
Charles R. Suter, division engineer of the
Pacific. ■;..:.--■'
*
STRINGENT ORDERS ISSUED
General Otis' Rules to Govern
the Camp of the Third
Brigade.
Brigadier General H. G. Otis took com
mand of the recently reconstructed Third
Brigade yesterday, and announced as his
staff: Captain Edward Murphy, assistant
adjutant general; Captain A. W. Kim
ball, chief quartermaster; Captain Seth
Milliken, commissary of subsistence;
First Lieutenant Louis P. Sanders and
Second Lieutenant A. W. Bradbury, aids.
General Otis now has as compact and
complete a brigade as could well be ar
ranged.
The following orders regulating the.
guarding of the camp were issued from
his headquarters yesterday afternoon:
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE.
General orders No. 4:
First— ln establishing guard lines around the
regimental camps of the several regiments
composing this brigade, commanders are au
thorized to close to the general public the
streets running north and south through their
camps, taking care, however, to give free pas
sage to civilian officers, including police
officers of the city of San Francisco and offi
cials of the State of California, upon sufficient
identification in each case.
Second — All hawkers, peddlers, solicitors and
conductors of "flim-flam" games of whatever
sort and all other unauthorized persons will be
excluded from the camps unless provided with
written passes from the brigade or division
commander. Objectionable characters will not
be admitted either night or day.
Third— Visitors and other persons having legi-
tlmate business In the camps mar be admitted
from 1 to 5 p. m. dally.
Fourth— Army wagons and ambulances, vehi
cles of the Red Cross, officers and members of
that society and of various religious and char
itable organizations, when properly Identified
will be admitted at all hours of the day.
Regimental commanders are authorized to Is
sue masses to the enlisted men of their com
mands to the number of five per day to each
company.
By command of
BRIGADIER GEXERAL OTIS.
EDWARD MURPHY, Assistant Adjutant
General.
CAMP MERRITT DIVISION.
A Surgeon With a Fine Com-
mand of Languages— Acci-
dent in Kansas Corps.
By the order of Major General Otis,
Lieutenant Surgeon C. F. de Mey of
Louisville, Ky. t who was recently appoint
ed an assistant surgeon by Secretary Al
ger, was yesterday assigned to the two
Third Battalions of the Eighteenth and
Twenty-third United States Infantry. Tha
lieutenant speaks nine languages fluently.
They are French, German, Dutch, Eng
lish, Malay, Hindoo and three other dia
lects of India. His father was a Russian,
his mother French and he himself was
born in Brussels. In this city and Bel
gium he studied medicine, and he also
took a post-graduate course in Louisville,
Ky. He is married and has a family in
Louisville, where he also enjoys a large
practice. Lieutenant de Mey was the only
officer appointed to the Philippine expedi
tion from Louisville.
Private Spendlove, Company A, Twen
tieth Kansas Regiment, while examining
a pistol yesterday morning, in some way
discharged the weapon and inflicted a
painful but not dangerous wound in his
left hand. He was taken to the Regi
mental Hospital where he was treated.
Private C. R. Well, Company G, Wyo
ming Battalion, who was left behind be
cause of sickness, was yesterday attacheu
to the Alger Battery, and will accompany
that command to the Philippines to rejoin
his battalion.
Private Xagle, Company M, Twenty
third United States Infantry, was dishon
orably discharged from the service yes
terday for insubordination, having been
found guilty of that offense by the general
court martial which tried his case.
NEAR HONOLULU.
The Alameda Sighted the China,
Zealandia, Colon and Sena-
tor on June 23.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ala
meda arrived from Honolulu last night
with some additional news of the trans
ports. She sailed from Honolulu on June
22 at 10 p. m., and at 2:10 a. m. on the
23d, when forty-five miles from port, she
spoke the steamer China under a full
head of steam. Then at 8:45 a. m., when
137 miles from Honolulu, she spoke the
Zealandia, Senator and Colon in a bunch.
At 11:20 p. m. on the same day the
steamer Belgic, also bound for Honolulu,
was spoken.
The China was bowling along at full
speed, evidently with the intention of
getting into Honolulu as quickly as pos
sible and getting her coal aboard to be
ready to make room for some of the other
transports on their arrival. At Hono
lulu everybody was on the tip toe of ex
pectation and a right royal time had
been prepared for the soldier boys.
The Alameda did not see any trace of
the Monterey and her consort, the collier
Brutus. The two vessels left here on the
7th inst_. hut on the 11th they were com
GREETINGS FROM MINNESOTA.
Cordial Message From the Minneapolis
Board of Trade,
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., June 29.— The people and the presa of Min
neapolis have been pleased to recognize the kindness of the people of
San Francisco to the Minnesota troops encamped there, and to-day the
following resolution was adopted by the Minneapolis Board of Trade:
Whereas, The people of California and particularly the residents of
San Francisco, whose opportunities were greater, were unremitting:
in their efforts to make the sojourn among them of the Thirteenth
Regiment, Minnesota Volunteers, memorable for its comfort and cour
teous hospitality, and
Whereas, The hearts of fathers, mothers and friends of the boys In
the Thirteenth have been very deeply affected by the generous, unceas
ing kindness of these unknown friends, and
Whereas, The sensibilities of all the people of Minnesota have been
likewise touched by this gracious and unlooked for consideration,
which marks and emphasizes the common citizenship of the people of
all the States; now, therefore, be it by the Board of Trade of the city
of Minneapolis
Resolved, That on behalf of the people of this city and especially
on behalf of fathers, mothers and immediate friends of the boys In the
Thirteenth Regiment, Minnesota Volunteers, it sends its greeting to the
people of San Francisco and the great State of California, and assures
them of the grateful appreciation of the citizens of Minneapolis and of
the North Star State for the cordial reception and generous kindness
extended and manifested to Minnesota Volunteers.
pelled to put into San Diego, owing to
the Monterey having lost her deckload
of coal. They sailed again on the 12th
inst., so would not be due in Honolulu
for a couple of days after the Alameda
sailed.
FAREWELL TO COMPANY G.
Alameda Does Honor to Her
Brave Soldiers — Impressive
Ceremonies.
ALAMEDA, June 29.— Not in many
years has Alameda been so stirred or wit
nessed such an enthusiastic meeting as
was held this morning in order to bid
farewell to Company G prior to its march
ing to Camp Barrett and joining its com
rades there in preparation for war.
The meeting was arranged on the short
est notice, but that notice was sufficient
to bring enough people out to have crowd
ed Armory Hall half a dozen times over.
Those who were fortunate enough to get
Inside enjoyed a programme which was
full of interest from beginning to end.
C. L. Weller presided, and after the
members of the company had marched in
he introduced President J. F. Forderer of
the Board of Trustees, who responded
briefly. Messrs. Waymire, Judge Ells
worth, Green Majors, Lamborn and Cu
bery made short speeches, extending the
sympathy of the community to the boys
and wishing them godspeed. An attempt
was made to induce some one of the Red
Cross Ladies to make a few remarks, but
it was unsuccessful. Mrs. F. H. McCor
mick sang "Just Before the Battle,
Mother," which brought tears to the eyes
of many in the audience. Professor Fair
weather sang a song of his own compo
sition, entitled, "Who's Afraid?" and fol
loweu it with "Vive I' America." Mrs. F.
H. McCormick sang "The Star-Spangled
Banner," the soldiers and audience rising
and joining in the chorus, and then the
exercises concluded with the singing of
the "Battle Prayer" by Miss Patterson.
After the audience had left the hall the
soldiers took their arms and, headed by a
band, marched through the center of the
town, countermarching and taking up the
route to the camp, where they pitched
their tents and were soon absorbed in the
regiment. Lunch was served them at
noon by the ladies of the Red Cross.
There were 101 men in line when the com
pany left town.
MONEY FOR MANILA.
A Large Amount of Gold Is
Shipped on the Transport
Steamer Newport.
The steamer Newport, which sailed with
General Merritt for the Philippines yes
terday morning, will bring joy to the
hearts of our troops in Manila, as it car
ries a large sum of money for the pay
ment of the soldiers and the purchase of
needed supplies. It is said that the steam
er carries from one to three million dol
lars .in gold. It will be remembered that
General Merritt, in addition to the money
necessary for the use of the troops in the
near future, asked the Prf-sident for $100,
000 to be used by him as an emergency
fund at his discretion, and suggested how
this money could be appropriated for such
purpose. This $100,000 is probably included
In the coin shipment on the Newport.
ARMY HEADQUARTERS.
Major General Otis and Major
General Merriam Are at
the Phelan Building.
The offices vacated by Major General
Merritt in the Phelan building are now
occupied by Major General Otis and a
portion of his staff, Colonel Barry once
more being at his desk as adjutant gen
eral. Yesterday General Otis spent a por
tion of his time at Camp Merritt and he
proposes to do this every day- until the
sailing of the next expedition, which will
be about July 11, and with which It is his
present intention to take his departure.
He is making every effort to have the
fleet sail on or before that date.
There are now remaining at Camp Mer
ritt nearly 9000 troops. This force, witn
the addition of the First New York Regi
ment, io siart for San Francisco to-day,
and the troop? now at the Presidio ana
those en rouie to Manila, will make an
army of about 21,000 men for the Philip
pines.
Major General Merriam, commanding
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i rKrr I
I 1 IVL-L. I
| A large photograph of the j
I Volunteers departing for Manilla,
I size 11x13, valued at one dollar,
| given away with every purchase j
| one dollar and over. S. l\l. |
I WOOD & CO., 718 Market st. j
the Department of California, returned
from Fort Vancouver, Wash., to San
Francisco yesterday morning in time to
have a brief interview with General Mer
ritt before the departure of the latter for
Manila. He then proceeded to his offlco
at military headquarters to attend to bus
iness that had accumulated during his ab
sence of two weeks.
Captain Isaac P. Ware, assistant sur
geon, will, in addition to his present du
ties, report daily at 10 a. m. at military
headquarters for the examination of re
cruits.
Recruiting for the Philippine Signal
Corps is still going on in the Phelan build
ing, Lieutenant Lawrence having been
left behind to keep the office open. Mora
expert telegraph operators are wanted in
this corps.
EVENTS AT THE PRESIDIO.
The Washington Volunteers
Are Highly Praised by the
Regular Army Officers.
The first battalion of four companies
of the Washington Volunteers, under
Major Weisenberger, stationed at the
Presidio, is making •wonderful advance
ment in military work. Every man is anx
ious to learn, and the commendable zeal
displayed by these volunteers has excited
the most favorable comment of the regu
lar army officers. This battalion and also
the one under Lieutenant Colonel Fife,
now at Fontana Barracks, but to mova
to-day to Angel Island, will in all prob
ability be sent to the Philippines, as they
are made up of the right kind of material.
The troops of the Fourth Cavalry fully
expect to start for Manila on the next
expedition. The recruits are rapidly
reaching a high degree of proficiency in
their work.
Batteries D and G of the Sixth United
States Artillery, in command of Major
Grugan, are comfortably located at Camp
Miller, and from now until their departure
for Manila will do some hard work in
drilling. These batteries are to be re
cruited to their full strength.
Major Hess of the Third United States
Artillery has been assigned to duty at
Fort Point, with Major Kinzie's artillery
and a battalion of the Sixth California
Volunteers.
The monthly muster and inspection of
the Presidio troops takes place to-day.
A board for the examination of candi
dates for second lieutenant in the regular
army will ' convene at the Presidio to
day.
A general court-martial for the trial of
volunteers is in session at the Presidio.
Among the cases before .the court are
those of two men of the California Heavy
Artillery, one of whom is charged with
sleeping while on duty and the other
with disobedience of orders.
CALIFORNIA CAVALRY.
Two Troops of the First Regi
ment Organized in This City
and Eight in the State.
Captain E. A. Lorenzo, commander of
Troop A, Mosby's San Francisco Hus
sars, and acting major of the First
Squadron of Hussars of the California
Reserve, has returneu from a very suc
cessful recruiting trip through the State,
and opened an office at 501 California,
street.
These hussars belong to the First Cal
ifornia Regiment of Cavalry, which now
has two troops organized in San Fran
cisco and eight in the State.
On Tuesday evening. July 5, there will
be given at Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter
street, a military concert arid competi
tive drill, under the auspices of Mosby's
Hussars, for the benefit of the equipment
fund. Twenty-five per cent of the re
ceipts will be donated to the Red Cross
Society.
GIVEN THEIR COMMISSIONS
Governor Budd Officially Ap-
points the New Regiment
Commanders.
Colonel Park Henshaw. Lieutenant Col
onel Frank de L. Carrin^on, First Lieu
tenant E. S. Heller, qua rtermas'er and
First Lieutenant D. A. Smith, aciutant
all of the Eighth California Regiment re
ceived their official appointments veat»»r
day from Governor Budd. tester
56
THURSDAY JUNE 30, 1898.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
IHJBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St*.. S. f.
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) la
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cent* a week- By mall $6 per year; per montfe '
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL,. One year, by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE ..Jt(» Broadway j
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative,
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlftftfc Hobs* '
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROG.NESS, Advertising Representative.
(RANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay. '
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
9.30 c ctook 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock 615 LarKln street, open urjtll 9:30 o'clock.
1944 Mission Etreet. open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market |
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 O'clocK- 2518
Miss. on street, open until 9 o'clock 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second «na 1
Kentucky street*, open until 9 o'clock-
AM U S EM ENTS.
OolnmMa— "Fort Frayne "
Baldwin -"The Passion Play*"*
California— "Uncle Toms Cabin/* Saturday •venin»v
Alcaiar— "Frederick the Great
Morosco's— "The Gosaoon-'
Tlvoll— "Boccaccio."
Orpheum- Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 615-pound . Man.
Olympla— Corner Jlaeon and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Sutro'a Baths— Swimming 1 .
El Cam po— dancing, boating, fishing, every Sunday.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By P. J. Earth—This day, June 60, Furniture, at 1010 Pare
street, at 11 o'clock.
SOLDIER OR CIVILIAN..
THERE is an ancient belief, strengthened by
ages of experience, that no man can worthily
serve two masters. Evidently District Attor
ney Barnes does not accept this. While he essays
to gird on the sword, he would still retain his grasp
of a civil office.
Whatever legal question may be involved, whether
he may have a technical right to enact a dual role
does not matter particularly. There can be no two
opinions as to the violation of good taste involved
in the peculiar course of young Mr. Barnes. If he
were to tnlist in the army and resign from his office
he might be admired for the patriotism displayed, for
in some measure such a move would be a sacrifice.
But wiien he says in effect that he will enter the
army, and if the situation does not suit him, will re
sign and take up again the work of the courts, he
does not do honor to himself as a citizen, and there
is manifest in his declaration nothing of that ex
alted quality known as love of country. The ap
parent motive is love of young Mr. Barnes.
The District Attorney says that he will take the
captaincy of the Petaluma troops, and that if they
be not ordered to the front he will leave the com
mand. This is not the talk of a soldier. When a
man is inspired by the threat of war or by actual
hostilities to take up arms, he does not stop to in
quire where he shall ha sent. He agrees to go with
out protest wherever orders decre* and wherever
there is greatest need. It is not for him to dictate,
but to obey. If he is not ready to do this he is not
fit to be a soldier, and for him to avail himself of in
fluence to secure a position which a real soldier and
patriot would be glad to take is a policy so badly
selfish that it should be discouraged. There is no
justice in allowing the Petaluma boys to be placed
under the direction of an ambitious civilian who will
stay with them only so long as the position may be
precisely what he thinks it ought to be. War is
not made for the gratification of personal ambition.
By serving a few weeks Mr. Barwcs would have
the title of captain fastened upon him forever more,
and in after years could make brave speeches, telling
how he helped to crush Spain. But if he is going
into the service he should have a motive higher than
this. By clinging, with doubtful tenure, to a
civil office, and hinting at the probaWlity of return
to it, he shows that he lacks the essentials of the army
man. He must be either soldier or civilian. In try
ing to be both he will fail doubly.
BEAUTIFUL GOLDEN GATE PARK.
THERE is nothing else in which the citizens of
San Francisco so uniformly take pride as in
Golden Gate Park. They know it to be a
beautiful place, and yet even they do not realize fully
how superior it is to the park of any other large city
in the world. They catch fleeting glimpses of it as
they speed along the drives, but in this way get only
an inkling of its attractions. They miss the wide
vistas of green, the winding walks, the little shaded
valleys. There are lakes and knolls and groves they
never see.
One of the unapproachable features of the park Is'
that it is a park all the year round. When the parks
of New York and Chicago are dreary -wastes of snow
and leafless shrubbery, ours is at its best, the grass
brilliant, the foliage dense, the birds singing. No
wonder that the people of this city are willing to
expend money liberally to keep up improvements,
and make new ones. For all that has been accom
plished, Golden Gate Park is but a hint of what it
is destined to be. No spirit of economy, tending to
cause retrogression, or even check the advance of San
Francisco's great playground, would be acceptable.
Every dollar spent there goes for the permanent bet
terment of the entire city.
The law permits an assessment of 10 cents on each
$100 worth of property taxed, the sum thus raised
to be devoted to the park. Last year this maximum
was not reached, the assessment being less than 6
cents, creating a fund of $207,000, which was far too
small. Improvements which had been contemplated
had to be abandoned for the time. The public was
not pleased at this. There is no desire to skimp
the n^rk appropriation, and the Supervisors in doing
bo would make a mistake which they themselves
would recognize later. To have the appropriation
generous this year would be a popular course. Prob
ably the legal maximum need not be reached, and
yet if the required total make necessary the reaching
of the maximum, there would be no complaint from
the people who pay the money and for whose equal
benefit it is expended. Let the work of extending
Golden Gate Park improvements to the sea go on
Money could not be more wisely employed, could
not be promoted to a more lasting good.
Ohio recruits spanked a brakeman at Reno. While
the act was not particularly dignified, and is not pro
vided for in military ethics, the soldiers had the good
excuse that the brakeman needed it
THE MARKET-STREET QUESTION.
WHILE all of the articles contained in the July
number of the Merchants' Association Review
are of timely interest and pertinent to the con
ditions of the city, the one which will perhaps appeal
to the largest' number of citizens is that by D. V.
Kelly, relating to the proposed improvement of the
Market street pavement
Mr. Kelly heads his article with the question, "Pav
ing or patching .Market street: Which?" He ans
wers his query by saying, "The Market Street Rail
way Company alone can answer." In explanation
of this fact he asserts that the railway company con
stitutes the obstacle to the proper improvement of
the street, because in addition to the cable car track
on the street it holds a franchise for a ftorse car line,
the tracks of which are laid on each side of the cable
tracks. Thus fully one-third of the street is occu
pied by the street car company. The fear is ex
pressed that even when the repaying is done the street
will be only "repatched with a strip of bitumen along
each side of the car tracks, simply altering the ap
pearance of the street without improving it"
While the public will agree with Mr. Kelly as to
the desirability of getting rid of the horse car tracks,
it does, not appear that he is justified In holding that
the Market street company can prevent the proper
paving of Market street whenever the city gets ready
ro undertake the work. Furthermore, there is no
conclusive evidence before the public that the com
pany would object to the repavement Even if it
did object, however, there is a way of compelling its
compliance.
The true answer to the question, "Paving or Patch-
Ing: Which?" Is to be found only after a full con
sideration of the subject. As The Call has repeat
edly pointed out, any attempt at paving Market street
before the sewer system and the conduits for wires
of various kinds are adequately constructed would
be in the end nothing more than a patch-work im
provement of the worst kind. Hardly would the
pavement be laid under such circumstances than it
would have to be torn up again to allow for this un
derground work. The process of tearing up by
piecemeal would go on continually, and the new
pavement, no matter how carefully laid down in the
first place, would soon be a mass of tatters and
patches.
The desirability of improving Market street is not
questioned by any one. The avenue occupies in
San Francisco a more important place than any
street in any other city. It is the main artery of
traffic, the chief avenue of promenading, the center
of business, the thoroughfare by which nearly all visi
tors enter the city. Nearly every street in San Fran
cisco runs into it, and nearly all persons traverse it
to a greater or less extent in passing from their
homes to their places of business. Its improvement
is therefore a matter of prime necessity, and the pub
lic will support cordially any well directed efforts the
Merchants' Association may make to accomplish the
result. It must not be overlooked, however, that
the improvement when it comes must be thorough.
It is not a mere question of removing horse car
tracks, but of putting the whole street into condition
to fit all the' needs of the business, carried on along it.
THE HAUL OF JUSTICE.
THE excuse for the delay in completing the Hall
of Justice, put forward by Mr. Britt at the last
meeting of fhe Board of Supervisors, is not
likely- to satisfy the public It may be and probably
is interesting for the contractors to experiment with
terra cotta plants in and around Stockton, but just
why such an enterprise should entirely stop work
on a San Francisco public building needs further il
lustration. ■ We imagine thaf this terra cotta yarn
jis intended for the marines. Perhaps Bateman Bros.,
! the contractors; think the population of this city is
made up of marines. If it is, such a story is ex
ceedingly appropriate. ;
We agree with an evening contemporary, which
discusses the matter with' considerable spirit) that it
is high time the people of. San Francisco put a stop
to the custom some contractors have adopted of mak
! ing necessary public work a football in their busi
ness. The practice of these men is to get a Govern
ment job and work on it when they have nothing
'else to do. Bateman Bros, have evidently taken the
i Hall of Justice at too low a figure and they are seek
ing to pull through on changing markets for ma
terials and various expedients, of which the alleged
terra eotta plant at Stockton may be one.
This is all wrong and a stop should be put to it
immediately. The public business is just as impor
tant as any other and the people have just as good
I a right to have their buildings erected promptly as
; private parties. It is an outrage that work should
be delayed on the Hall of Justice for the accommo
dation of contractors who, in order to euchre their
• competitors, have taken the work at too low a figure.
It is a public outrage that the people of San Fran
cisco should be compelled to transact their postal
business in a barn while the Treasury Department of
ficials are skylarking around the site at Seventh and
Mission streets- and contractors are leisurely litigat
ing questions involving" the national labor laws in
I the United States courts.
The fact- is, a few contractors and builders in this
vicinity need to be shaken up. If the Board of Su
pervisors were able to resist the pull of Bateman
Bros, it would now kick those gentlemen out of the
Hall Of Justice and award the work to somebody else
collecting at the same, time the forfeit provided by
| the former's contract. In this way a useful lesson
might be administered and a public service rendered
j As things are going the Hall of Justice will not be
completed for a hundred years. There is no guar
antee that when Bateman. Bros, finish with their terra
cotta experiments at "Stockton they will not undertake
to make bricks, develop iron mines, establish a steel
; manufacturing plant, or go to Europe and engage in
the business of preparing cement.
If these contractors have taken the contract for this
, work at too low a figure they should be made to give
it up. It is important that the Hall of Justice should
i be completed some time during the twentieth cen
tury.
Madrid does not credit the report that an Ameri
can squadron is to cross the Atlantic. It ought to
know by this time that the United States fleets are
not constituted on the Cadiz plan, and when they
star they invariably arrive somewhere.
The Spanish press is credited with having caused
the detention of Hobson in spite of the clamor for
his exchange. The fact is interesting, as the first
indication that even the Spanish pay any attention to
the hysterical editors they have over there.
The New Jersey girl who killed herself from fear
that her lover would be killed in the war did the
kindest thing for the lover she could. Probably he
will learn to take this view of the matter.
The triumph of San Francisco hospitality was
reached when it won an approving smile from Cap
tain March of the Astor Battery.
THE SAN FRAXCTSCO CALL., THURSDAY, JUNE 30, 1898.
THE FOURTH OF JULY.
AN address from J. E. O'Donnel, president of
the Fourth of July committee, to the citizens
of San Francisco says:
"You are respectfully requested to co-operate with
your neighbors in the matter of decorations. It
will be impossible for this committee, in observing
the economy adopted, to expend any amount for
street decorations; and, therefore, it relies upon you
to exhibit your patriotism by expending the amount
you. would have subscribed to this committee for the
celebration, in decorating your place of business in
conjunction with your neighbors, so that the line of
parade may be a continual decoration."
To this appeal a cordial and universal response
should be given. No citizen residing or
doing business on the proposed line of march should
neglect it. The committee has not asked much, cer
tainly not more than it has a right to expect of citi
zens animated by both civic pride and national pa
triotism.
The celebration of the Fourth will be this year
throughout the country one of the most ardent and
enthusiastic in the history of the nation. The occa
sion calls for something more than the usual demon
stration of joy in the greatness of the republic and
gratitude to the men who founded It on principles
of liberty, equality and justice. This year we are
engaged in a great war. Once more the souls of
men are being tried by the stern test of battle. Once
more we must show forth the enthusiasm of a loy
alty that braves danger and death for home and
country, and counts no sacrifice of self too great to
be paid for the maintenance of the cause of the
Union.
The ardor of patriotism which now infuses all
classes of citizens has already shown itself in many
ways. Volunteers have answered quickly the call
for men. Millionaires have been profuse in their
offers of wealth to aid the equipment of troops. Cit
izens of moderate means have subscribed liberally to
the national loan. Women have given their time,
their energies and their work to the service of the
Red Cross. Contributions from a thousand sources
have poured into the funds that are being provided
for the care of the sick or the wounded among the
soldiers, and for the care of any among their families
who may be left destitute.
All this has been well done. There remains to
make the Fourth of July the occasion of a grand
demonstration of all the ardent feelings of patriotism
which have prompted to so many deeds of loyalty
since the war began. In that demonstration every
citizen should do his share and take his part. The
duty imposed for the day upon those whose build
ings front the line of march of the parade is to decor
ate. Let all make preparations for it, so that noth
ing will be lacking when the great day comes.
ARMY CONTRACTS AND COOLIE LABOR
SINCE a newspaper in this city, the Bulletin,
has been found to discourage the efforts now
being made to put a stop to the employment
of Chinese labor on army contracts, it is more im
portant than ever to push the good fight begun by
tbe white labor unions, and to aid them in accom
plishing the purpose for which they began it.
The only argument by which the Bulletin has
sought to sustain the extraordinary policy it has
adopted is that agitation on the subject may produce
what it calls a "great rumpus" and thereby lead the
Government officials to let no war contracts in San
Francisco at all. The argument is not only un
sound, but is hardly specious. No profit is derived
by the white workers of San Francisco from jobs let
out to the sweatshops of Chinatown, and nothing
would be lost to them if such jobs were not given
out in this city. As a matter of fact, it would be
better for our working men and women if the Gov
ernment supplies were to be manufactured by white
labor elsewhere rather than by coolie labor, either
here or anywhere
It is, of course, to be regretted that it has been
necessary to have any agitation on the subject, but
the regret 13 not for the agitation, but for the cause
of it. It having been made known that a consider
able proportion of the war contracts Jet in this city
are being filled by the employment of Chinese labor
there was nothing left the labor councils but to pro
test against the wrong and make the protest known
to the proper authorities. That is what they have
done, and it is gratifying to learn that they are in a
fair way to succeed in their efforts to put an end to the
wrong. San Francisco will lose nothing in any re
spect by the. contest, and has the prospect of winning
much.
It is beyond all question that there is sufficient
white labor in San Francisco to perform all the work
required to fulfill every army contract let to our bid
ders. There are many large establishments here
employing none but white labor that could readily
handle the orders given for uniforms. Even if the
present force of employes in these places should be
insufficient to perform the work in the short space of
time allowed, it would be easy to obtain additional
workers. There are plenty of white men and white
girls here who would be glad to have steady work
at good wages. There is, therefore, no excuse for
the employment of Chinese, and the Bulletin, in mis
representing the protest of the labor councils and
The Call, is simply giving a sneaking support to the
coolies.
The President of the Colonial Cabinet is a pictur
esque sort of chap. He hoped tht sky would fall
flat into an abyss before the foreign invader had
pressed foot to the soil. Yet he may find the foot
prints of the foreign invader right now, and the sky
remains where it has been as far back as memory
goes. But, anyhow, the sky could not fall flat into
an abyss. It would necessarily be doubled up like
the letter V, and then the abyss would need to be
very deep or the jagged edges of cerulean blue would
protrude, an unsightly obstacle to pedestrianism. All
things considered, the sky seems to be doing the best
service where it is.
It was not strange that Major General Merritt
should have expressed a lively sense of appreciation
for the way in which he and his soldiers have been
treated in San Francisco. That the people of this
city have from the first been more than merely cor
dial is a simple fact. The soldiers have been re
garded as guests, and have been sent on their way
with such heartfelt good wishes as they will remem
ber while memory lasts.
A Mr. Woods writes a letter, expressing distate
for the clamor marking the departure of troops for
Manila. There are reasons for believing the only
way to stop it will be to enjoin the embarkation of
more soldiers. Can't Woods issue a ukase or an
irade, or something?
One of the standing mysteries of the war is the
intention of General Miles as to going or staying.
An announcement concerning the matter is made
every day, always just the contrary of the one to be
made next day.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
John Hay of Glasgow is at the Palace.
O. Rledel of Samoa Is a guest at the
Palace.
H. S. Allen, a mining man of Sonora, ia
at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. E. D. Bruce of London are
at the Palace,
James T. Taylor of Los Angeles is at
the Occidental.
Dr. J. M. Stitt of Vacaville is registered
at the Baldwin.
Max H. Isoard of Nevada City Is stop
ping at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. R. Coombs of London are
guests at the Palace.
Thomas Gregory and wife of Australia
are at the Occidental.
B. T. McCulloch, a cattle man of Crows
Landing, is at the Grand.
A. Bettons, proprietor of the Byron Hot
Springs Hotel, is at the Baldwin.
Mr. and Mrs. E. D. Wiggin of Washing
ton are registered at the Occidental.
Hotel clerks are
as a categorical
postulate the most
lubricant of all
specimens of the
genus homo. One
hotel boasts of
a night clerk wlio
THE MOST 4
TRUTHFUL MAN J
ALIVE. J
might have taught the peaceful gods 01
ancient Greece a lesson In politeness and
the soft graces of a winsome address.
With all this as his inalienable property
he is a man that loves a horse race. H!»
greatest delight during the season was to
go to Ingleside on a Saturday afternoon
and simply admire the beauty of motion
as exemplified in a race of thoroughbreds.
Betting was a mere accessory, yet ho
sometimes indulged In it. Toward the
close of the season betting had assumed
a more important position In the list of
reasons for the hotel clerk's presence at
the track. He soon began to work on sys
tems and after much painful and elabor
ate effort evolved the following which
has nothing new In it to bring it within
the last decade, yet it is r.bsolutely essen
tial to this story. It was the old double
up proposition and the clerk told all h!s
friends the other night that It would have
been impossible for him to lose if he had
capital enough to last. His tale of woe
was this: "Two weeks before the season
closed I started to play the races on my
system. I played five races a day and foi
six days didn't cash a ticket. Then my
cash gave out and of course I was up
against it. Now If I had won the next
race I would have come out ahead. You
see it is the surest kind of a thing if you
have the capital to stay with It." There
was a racing man in the coterie of listen
ers and he was thinking hard. When the
clerk finished he asked him: "How much
did you have to start with?" The system
player couldn't just remember. The horse
man took pencil and paper, went over in
the corner and figured it all out. The
clerk had squandered just $1,173,741,824. A
rival to George Washington had at last
been discovered.
Fred Dodd, proprietor of the Hughes
Hotel, Fresno, Is staying at the Bald
win.
Frank Hustlco and Miss Hustlce and
Miss Ward, all of Honolulu, are at the
Occidental.
Charles C. Crane has been appointed
Pacific Coast agent of the Wagner Palaco
Car Company.
John J. Burne, general passenger agent,
and Edward Chambers, general freight
agent of the Santa Fe, have arrived from
Los Angeles and are staying at the Pal
ace.
The following arrivals on the Alameda
are registered at the Occidental: Fred
W. Christian, Samuel P. French, Bessie
F. French, Albert C. Colsten, T. J. Pen
field and wife, Laura Duncan, Kate D.
Watson, Robert Shingle, manager of the
Hawaiian exhibit for the Omaha Fair;
Mrs. T. F. Lansing and son, George T.
Kleugel, George A. Howard, the leading
architect of Honolulu; George E. Faw, C.
S. Bradford, Mrs. H. Gunnand, daughter
and Miss Hennegahn; Mrs. A. S. Hum
phreys, Ramsay C. Scott.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, June 29. — General
Freidrichs left for San Francisco this
morning. Fred J. Perkins has received
his commission as assistant paymaster in
the navy and will be assigned either to
the Boston yard or the receiving ship In
dependence at Mare Island.
• — ♦— •
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORY.
NEW YORK, June 29.— M. Marcuso of
San Francisco is at the Stuart House.
Samuel Bauer and family, E. Gross, Mis 3
Colburn, of San Francisco, John Spiers of
Los Angeles, have gone to Paris.
THE PRICE WE PAY.
Our flag has flown for a hundred years,
For a century flown — unfurled.
It has proudly laughed at the coward'B
fears,
It has won the pride of the world.
It was flung to the breeze at Bunker Hill
With faith and fighting and prayer —
If blood be the price of Liberty,
Lord God! we paid it there.
To thy honor and glory, Lord, it waved
In the Mediterranean Sea;
It conquered the Tripoli pirates, Lord-
All honor and praise to Thee.
It humbled the pride of the Algiers Dey,
It cleared thy roads of sin.
If blood be the price of Liberty,
If blood be the price of Liberty,
Lord God! we have paid it in.
When in 1812 our ancient foe
Dared us once more to tight,
Our ting went as far as a Hag could go
In the cause of just and right.
Battered and shattered with snot and
shell,
It laughed at the foeman's rage.
If blood be the price of Liberty,
If blood bo the price of Liberty,
Lord God! we have paid the wag-e.
Wo carried the flag to Monterey,
And we carried it back in pride.
"We knew the price we should have to pay,
aiid they paid the price who died.
Thoy lie 'neath Mexico's tropical sky,
And we honor their names to-day,
If blood be the price of Liberty,
If blood be the price of Liberty,
Lord God! did we grudge the pay?
In a glorious cause— to make men free,
Kin against nearest kin.
We fought, O Lord, by command of Thee,
And to clear our land of sin.
Our country groaned with the horror and
grief
Of mothers, of children, of wives;
If blood be the price of Liberty,
If blood be the price of Liberty,
Lord God! did we stint our lives?
Prom an isle in the sea we heard the cry
Of woman and child in pain.
And our country's best are marching to
die,
Or to humble the pride of Spain.
This land of the West, where our flag aye
flies.
Is forever the land of the free;
If blood be the price of Liberty,
If blood be the price of Liberty,
If blood be the price of Liberty,
Lord God! we have paid it to Thee!
—Hector Fuller in Indianapolis News.
A COMPANY OF HEBREWS
The Sixth Company of Infantry, M g .
aehusettf? provisional militia, was mus
tered into the service of the State last
evening at the South Armory by Inspec
tor General Carter. This is the first com
pany of its make-up that has ever taken
service with the militia of the State.
Therefore, there was much interest taken
by military men and others in the even
ing's proceedings. The company is al
most entirely made up of young men of
the Hebrew persuasion, and a majori y
are evidently citizens through natura!:«.a
tion. General Carter was very careful
throughout the evening to impress the
men with an idea that in joining the mili
tia they were taking a step of much mo
ment, and the recruits evidently appre
ciated the fact. Before {he muster the
men assembled In the large drill hall r,*
the armory, where they were examined
personally by the inspector general. He
asked them questions of different kinds
to bring out their knowledge of English
or their lack of it; their business, their
earning capacity and whether they were
citizens or not. This took the best part
of two hours. Then, with them standing
in double ranks, he administered the oath.
Following this. General Carter explained
their duties as to drill, and said if it was
desired to proceed to an election of offi
cers, the four days' notice could be waived
and the election held then. The notice
being waived, General Carter proceeded
to an election with this result:
For captain, Samuel H. Borofsky; first
lieutenant, William Morris; second lieu
tenant. Morris Silverstein. Captain Borof
sky is a member of the Common Council
from ward 6. . . ...
The men of this company are a bright,
clean-looking lot. of the age most suita
ble for military service. Some of them
have already seen service, a number of
them in the Russian army and one in the
army of Roumania.— Boston Herald.
A VETERAN`S PROTEST.
Editor San Francisco Call— Sir: As
exemplifying the policy and methods of
the California State military authorities
In commissioning officers to commands
under the President's calls my own case
seems to serve.
Early in April of this year I offered my
services in writing to the State, named
my rank as an artillery officer during the
rebellion and gave my service record and
references, the latter comprising living
and well-known officers of the United
States army and also United States vol
unteers, several residing in San Francis
co now. I was notified of receipt of my
letter, with no intimation that age or
other circumstances inhibited against my
eligibility. Upon announcement of the
second call I renewed my offer and May
29 I was in reply informed that it should
have "due consideration upon the receipt
of the call from the Secretary of War."
Since that date no written communica
tion has been made to me in the matter.
I accordingly called personally upon the
adjutant general of the State and was
by him distinctly informed that the pol
icy of the State government was to give
preference to the National Guard of the
State, and there was no probability of
others being considered for appointment.
I now read that District Attorney Barnes
Is appointed to a captaincy in the new
regiment, and cannot learn that he is of
the State National Guard.
I submit that this is an affront to old
service officers who are willing, as I am,
ana I so stated In my letters to the ad
jutant general, to waive rank equal to my
last service rank in the field and to re
linquish claim to pension for self and
heirs. I served as major, commanding
Reserve Artillery, Third Corps. Gen
eral D. E. Sickles (whose warm letter of
recommendation I sent with my applica
tion), but I offered to accept a junior sec
ond lieutenancy if necessary that I might
serve as an officer.
The disastrous results of officering raw
troops with green officers are only too
well known to all who served in the late
war or any war. These officers often be
come good officers, but only after sacri
ficing health and lives of the men while
learning to be officers in the field.
I do not ask the public to consider me
or my case, except as illustrating the
conduct of the State officials, in repeat
ing the egregious blunders of 1861 to 1865,
and I invite the attention of the friends
of the brave men who volunteer as pri
vates to the unnecessary perils to which
this policy exposes these patriotic volun
teers. I am. sir. respectfully yours,
WALTER M. BRAMHALL
San Francisco, June 29, 1898.
. ♦ .
PATRIOTIC, BUT HARDLY PRAC
TICABLE.
Editor San Francisco Call— Dear Sir:
Why not change the names of American
towns with Spanish names, or, at least,
turn those capable of translation into
English? Take, for instance, San Fran
cisco (St. Francis), San Antonio (St. An
thony) and others named after saints for
names to be translated, and Madrid, To
ledo, Dolores and others to be changed
absolutely and a good and decent Ameri
can name given instead— say, the name
of one of our naval heroes, like Sigsbee,
Bagley or others. Spanish names are
hard to pronounce, too. Yours,
J. T. WERMUTH.
Cleveland. June 24, IS9S.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
WAS NEVER POLICE JUDGE-O. 0.,
City. Robert Ferral was never Police
Judge of San Francisco. He was Judge
of the City Criminal Court from 1576 to
1879 inclusive.
BRIEFS— S. A. F., City. One of the best
books to be consulted by those who desire
to engage in lyceum debates Is "Briefs for
Debaters" by Brookings di Ringwalt, to
be found at the Free Public Library.
UNCLE SAM-H. H. R., City. In Ans
wers to Correspondents, June 21, IS9B,
there is published an answer giving the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
±+ + + + + * + ±±*:±*. + ± + ±±±±±*±±±* + ±±±±*±&44 +
+ ' ' " " -f
t ...... ;-f
>• , if
+ +
: Another Call I
+ +
+ from Uncle Sam. He wants money this time ♦
+ to keep the Boys in Blue in fighting trim. +
+ Uncle Sam has put a war tax of ten cents a "*"
4- pound on tea. Uncle Sam wants you to drink >
+ plenty of good tea. Uncle Sam wants you to +
♦ help pay his Boys in Blue. Until July 15th *
+ we will pay Uncle Sam's war tax of ten f
X cents a pound. After July 15th it will be X
■♦■ your turn. 4-
X nDINI/ Good Health to the ♦
: ■ Ultllli% ■ . Boys in Blue :
+ WITH X
x America's Best Tea. I
♦ Quality Prides ♦
+ Best Obtainable. Lowest in America. +
: Great American Importing Tea Co. j
>• SPEAKING FOR THEIR .+
t 108 Money Saving Stores. +
"♦■ CITY STORES. / +
■♦- 1011 Market St. .. 2008 FiUmore St. 148 Ninth St. '+
X 140 Sixth St. . 3006 Sixteenth St. 506 K»rny St.
4 1419 Polk St. 2510 Mission St, 3285 Mission st. £
. ' 355 Hayes St. 1819 Devisadero St. 521 Montgomery At. +
X 218 Third St. 52 Market St. 705 Larkin St. +
+ ■ \ 1190KentuokySt. X
4. •■ OAKLAND STORES " "
. 1052 Washington St., Oakland 1510 Seventh St., W. Oakland. t
+ . 917 Broadway, Oakland. 616 E. Twelfth St., Oakland. X
■f 131 San Pablo Aye., Oakland 1355 Park St Alameda. :-f
X x
I A Good Time :
I to Buy Tea :
origin of Uncle Sam as applied to the
government of the_American people.
CATHOLIC COLONY— A correspondent
from Salinas City kindly informs K. K.
of Azusa that there is the St. Joseph
German Catholic colony eight miles east
of Salinas which is engaged in raising
sugar beets. If K. K. will write there
he will no doubt receive the information
he seeks. Address, "St. Joseph Colony,
Salinas. Cal."
CHESS PLAYERS— G. L. D., Camp
Merritt, City. There are a number of
crack players who assemble for play at
the Mechanics' Institute Library and at
the Mercantile Library.
THE HEIR APPARENT— W. T. Me,
Auburn, Cal. The heir apparent to the
throne of Great Britain after the Priiice
of Wales is George Frederick Ernest Al
bert, Duke of York, the son of the Prince
of Wales, born June 3, 1865.
ENLISTING IN THE NAVY— A. S.,
City. A man who enlists in the navy
for three years, not exceeding five years
in case of war, means that he enlists for
three years, at which time he is entitled
to be discharged, but if the war should
continue he would have to continue in
the service, but not beyond rive years.
If the war should terminate before the
three years the Government would have
the right to give him his discharge.
FEES FOR SHIPPING— F. A., City.
This correspondent asks: "Does the Gov
ernment allow transports to charge $5 for
shipping fees and $20 advance It
was done on the Indiana, Ohio and Mor
gan City, but it was not done as to the
other transports." The United States
Shipping Commissioner says that tho
charging of a fee of $5 was illegal, but
that the allotment of $20 was proper. Ho
added that if he will be furnished proof
that any one charged 16 as shipping fees
he will take great pleasure in laying the
matter before the United States District
Attorney for prosecution under a section
of the Revised Statutes.
TEMPERATURE AT MANILA AND
GUBA— Temp, and A Reader, City. At
Manila, Philippine Islands, the mean
monthly temperature is 80. In the warm
est month it is 82, and in the coolest 79.
The highest .temperature in the past ten
years and only once, in May, was 100
and the lowest in the same period was
in December, 60. At Matanzas, 'Cuba,
the highest ever reached was .100, lowest
57, average 78; at Havana in ten years
past the mean temperature is 76.8, high
est 100.6, lowest 49.6; at San Juan, Puerto
Rico, mean 78.9, highest 100.8, lowest 56.1;
at Santiago de Cuba the average tem
perature is SO, with a variance of 6.
There is a great deal of moisture in the
atmosphere. July is the warmest month
and then the temperature rises to 83.5
and its lowest register in that month is
81.7.
♦ — ♦ »
Cat. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
■ ♦ »
Celebrate the Fourth with California
fireworks. Buy direct from makers. Cal
ifornia Fireworks Co., 219 Front st. •
■ » ■
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Diamonds are cut in three different
forms — the rose, the brilliant and the
table, of which the second is the pret
tiest. It is a double pyramid or cone, of
which the top is cut off to form a large
plane, and at the bottom directly oppo
site to a small plane.
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
A personally conducted excursion will leave
this city July 12 for the Yellowstone Park, via
the "Shasta Route" and Northern Pacific Rail
way. Tourists will be accommodated In first
class Pullman cars; tickets will be sold, in
cluding berths, meals and trip throuer. th»
Park. Send for circular giving rate and itiner
ary to T. K. STATELER, General Agent
Northern Pacific Railway. 638 Market at., S. F.
The Santa Fa Route sells cut rate tickets to
all points East. St. Paul, $21; Kansas City,
$31; Chicago, $32 50; New York and Boston,
$42 55. Get full particulars at No. 644 Market st.
It Is a fact that the English Boldiers use Dr.
Siegert's Angostura Bitters as a preventatlve
of all troubles of the digestrVe organs.
ACKER'S ENGLISH REMEDY 13 BEYOND
question the greatest of all modern remedies.
It will cure a cough or cold immediately o»
money back. At No Percentage Pharmacy.
A barber of Lubec, Md., has closed his
shop and posted the following notice on
the door: "To the Public— This barber
shop will be closed for a brief period, as
the proprietor has gone to help a few of
Uncle Sam's barbers (better known as
soldiers) scrape the face of the Western
Hemisphere clear of an obnoxious growth
of whiskers, commonly called Spaniards.
I shall not be gone long, as Dewey and
Sampson are applying the lather, and
everything points to a quick job and a
clean one. I wish to thank the public
for past patronage and on my return hope
to have a share also."PLAYS SHOULD
BE PLANNED
A Simple Rule to Avoid
Blunders.
SYKES AS AN EXAMPLE
FAILED TO CONSTRUCT HIS
WORK AND ERRED.
Players, No Matter What Position
They Occupy, Should Know Be
forehand What to Do Whea
They Get the Ball.
BY JOE CORBETT.
I have long desired to discover, since
giving so much attention to the games
I now going on at Recreation Park, why
in close and critical plays players claiming
recognition through past performances
and otherwise make so many mistakes
and in general play inferior and at times
very stupid ball. Instances too numerous
to mention where baserunners wore per
mitted to score or advance, as the case
may be. when a little judgment on the
part of the man fielding the ball could
easily have prevented them, have, from a
baseball standpoint, marred the beauty of
more than one game played since the con
solidation. The casual observer, as well
as those patrons of the game who devote
but little of their time in figuring out
■whether or not a play was properly con
summated, are. as a general rule, ignor
ant regarding the correctness of a play.
However, there is another class of indi
viduals who regularly attend all games
and who are quite competent to criticize,
through their knowledge of the art, many
of the plays, I am intent on referring to
in this article. 1 might also be safe in
stating that this latter class of fanatics
Is greatly in the majority, and the sooner
players acquaint themselves with this
fact the better it will be for them in
every conceivable sense.
In last Saturday's game between the
Oaklands and Sand Crabs there occurred
enough stupid misplays to nil a book.
Owing principally to the closeness of the
contest and us sensational climax, these
Imperfect plays were allowed to pass un
noticed, but not into oblivion. Now, how
ever, as sufficient time lias been allowed
"us critics" to least on the mistakes of
others, the question arises. How is it that
an intelligent fellow like Mr. Sykes would,
us he did In Saturday's game, stop a ball
with a man on first, and, instead of at
tempting to complete a double play by
throwing to second, feel satisfied that his
work was properly finished when he re
tired the latter by simply touching the
initial base? It certainly was not ignor
ance of the correct manner in which the
lilay should have terminated on the part
of Mr. Sykes, as it was a very ordinary
one and simple in the extreme. Why,
then, did not Mr. Sykes, enjoying a per
fect knowledge of the play, attend to its
being consummated in accordance with
this knowledge and with the primary laws
of baseball? The answer is quite simple
he did not construct the play before the
ball was hit, and in consequence when he
received it a state of bewilderment im
mediately followed. ■He looked toward
second base and saw that the runner was
not half way; yet, instead of throwing the
ball in that direction, walked over and
proudly stood upon first. True, one man
was put out on the play, but it does not
necessarily follow that the play was cor
« rect. It emphatically was not, and Mr.
Ja Sykes knew it. He should have thrown
W to second and retired that runner, and as
7 Mr. Sullivan, the gentleman who hit the
sphere, is by no means a fast sprinter,'
the chances for a double play were pro
vokingiy excellent.
Mr. Sykes is not the only player con
tinually breaking the first rules of base
ball. Mr. O'Neil, his side partner, who
has been connected with the national
game long enough to be its great-great
grandfather, makes plays occasionally
which not only dazzle, but have such an
intoxicating effect on Colonel T. P. Rob
inson that his absence from Recreation
Park during practice is often attributed
to business, when In reality he Is recuper
ating. For as he himself says, "The mel
lifluous epithets which emanate from that
vast multitude encircling yonder fence
every time my first love, Tip, shows the
effects of overwork, produces a feeling of
utter disregard for even baseball glory,
and is more Intoxicating, if I may use the
expression, than the sparkling beverages.
Tip made a play in this same
Oakland-Santa Cruz game, which
was not as simple a play as that
of Mr. Sykes, yet which was
brought to an unsatisfactory ending, be
cause O'Neil, while he constructed his
play, did so negligently.
The exact moment of the play I have
forgotten, but it occurred In this man
ner: Santa Cruz had a man on third
base and the Oakland infield was playing
In, with the intention of catching this
■ runner at the plate, should he attempt
to score. The ball was hit to O'Neil, com
ing directly into his hands, and he appa
rently fielded it perfectly. The man on
third, however, scored, and Mr. O'Neil re
luctantly tosed the ball to first, retiring
the batter. Now, something went wrong
with that play, as the man on third had
no more of a start than is usually taken.
Where, then, does the fault lie? With
Mr O'Neil. He only had his play half
constructed, for instead of going in oil
the ball he waited for it, and was lost.
My advice, therefore, comprises a rule,
Construct your play before the ball is
pitched. By this i mean say to yourself
while the pitcher is maneuvering in the
box "What will I do with the ball should
it come to me? In the case of Mr. Sykes
it should have been: If It comes to me
J»ny way fast 1 will immediately throw
**^t to second, return to the bag and be
In position to receive the throw from
eecond should the play necessitate one.
Had he done this a double play would
have inevitably resulted, providing, of
course, that his throw to second was
perfect and also the return.
Every player should have his play con
structed before the pitcher delivers the
bail. Think of the time that is lost if,
ufter you pick up the ball, a glance at
the situation is necessary before you can
throw it to the proper place. Ml splay
upon misplay occurs in this manner. A
player picks a ball up. The bases are
lull. He has not constructed his play, and
Is consequently bewildered. All he can
see Is runners tearing around the bases
at a breakneck speed, yet bo remains as
though petrified, If he does not do this
the ball is thrown after the situation is
taken in by a hurried glance, and very
often arrives at its destination too late.
I have Been it happen many a time,
even in the National League, although
in the latter place it generally occurs
through negligence, and these players
pay for their negligence. At Recreation
Park however, it is a common occur
rence to see players do the wrong thing
In critical plays. They do so, I sincerely
believe, because they have never been
told otherwise. If • they will, however,
follow this construction rule an astonish
ing improvement will surely characterise
their efforts. No matter what the situa
tion, no matter what position you play,
the rule applies to all.
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
It d( ;ii'i"ar to be generally
known that th<> oflk ers and enlisted men
of the army and navy in uniform are ad
mitted free to the Mark Hopkins Institute
of Art. The Saturday class of the Cali
fornia School of Design continues opon
throughout the year in order to permit
teachen and ntuuents of the public
schools to attend the Saturday class dur
ing their summer vacation.
The next regular term of the school will
open on the second Monday in August.
Looking After the Fountain.
Professor A. B. Sanford of the Gogswell
Polytechnic School has filed a petition
with the Board of Supervisors, asking
that when the Cogswell fountain at the
corner of California, Drum and Market
< B is removed to make room for a
• ff and "Old Glory," permission
anted him to place it in Columbia
bquare. _
THE CRYSTAL PWIMMIXO BATH 3.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm »ea
water tub and swimming baths, North Beach.
RED CROSS
OPEN MEETING
Members Will Tell of the
Work To-Night.
REPORTS ARE TO BE READ
AN EXCELLENT MUSICAL PRO
GRAMME PREPARED
Weil-Known Society People Will Act
as Reception Committee — News
of Branches Throughout
the State.
All those who have watched the growth
of the San Francisco Red Cross Society
from its birth to its present greatness
may have a splendid opportunity of listen
ing to the history of the work done in aid
of the volunteers by this organization by
attending its open meeting in Golden Gate
Hall this evening. It is expected that
many hundreds of toilers in the cause of
humanity will attend the meeting and In
preparation for their coming the follow
ing well known society ladies will act aa
a reception committee: Mrs. F. G. San
born, Mrs. Horace Davis, Mrs. A. P.
Redding. Mrs. Fannie Lent, Mrs. H. Mar
tinez, Mrs. J. de Grayer, Mrs. Robert Mac
kenzie, Mrs. Charles W. Slack, Mra. Sam
uel Knight and J. B. Stetson. A bevy of
pretty girls will assist the former com
1 mittee by acting as ushers.
The ladies in charge of the meeting as
sure those- intending that there will be no '
Bet Bpe< > bes, but on the contrary all will*
be short and to the point. Mrs. John F.
Merrill, president of the local society, will
act as chairman and under her direction i
the following programme will bo carried
out: National af.rs. Fourth Cavalry Hana;
chorus, "Viva la America," under' the di
rection of Mrs. Mariner-Campbell; greet
ing; remarks by Mayor Phelan; remarks
by President Mrs. \V. B. Harrington of
the State Society; Fourth Cavalry Band;
Reports of San Francisco Branch of the
I "ross Society Executive Committee,
Miss Beaver; hospital visiting cummittet ,
Mrs. Henry Gibbons Jr.; K<«\ Cross Tent
and Nurses. Mrs. Wendell Easton: Supply
Depot, 16 Post Street, Mrs. Theodore B.
1 Smith, manager: Entertainment Commit
!•••■. Mrs. Jvliih Snell Poulson; Ferry Hos
pitality. Mrs. I. Lowenberg; Finance Re
port. Mrs. YV. P. Morgan, read by Mrs. \V
K. Eckhart. Recessional Hymn, by Kip
linp: "America." Fourth Cavalry Band.
The Chinese associations have given
substantial aid to t tie society, as tho fol
lowing donations will show. Through the
aid and courtesy of Consul Ho You- the
funds were collected and the thanks of
the organization are extended to him:
Ning Yang Benevolent Association, 15
WILL PLAY THE PART OF ST. CLAIR
Dr. Frank B. Robinson, Who Is to Take a Part in a
Revival ol "Uncle Tom's Cabin."
Dr. Frank B. Robinson, Bon of the late Dr. Luke Robinson, an<! a gen
eral favorite In society circles of this city, will appear in the part of St.
Clair in the production of Uncle Tom's Cabin" at the California on Satur
day evening. Pr. Robinson has shown marked ability in an amateur way
and his many friends will doubtless enjoy the experience of seeing him
among prof': ssionals.
"This affair is a large and well developed joke on me," said he Sn
speaking of his coming appearance "The report has gone out that I
have been stage-struck and abandoned my profession for the allurements
of the .stupo. Afl a consequence rry triendfl are having no end of fun at my
expense. They stop me on the street, congratulate me and ask me what
kind of flowers I prefer. Would I like to have them in the form of 'a
lance.,' 'a saw' or 'a plaster-cast?' 1 can only offer a sad smile and ex
planations, but these do not disabuse their minds and they exuberate still.
They nend me notes by messenger and mail, call me up at the unholy hour
of midnight and rar^fully amuse therr>se)ves by asking me for parses; how
1 succeeded in breaking into the charmr-d histrionic circle and pleasing
queries such an 'Who hypnotized you into the idea that you could act?'
• All these experiences were easy, but when it came to squaring myself
with my family, after the announcements were out, it was another and
serious matter. Why! I dare not go near my mother for fear I would be
unable to properly explain myselr. With my sister it was different. She
came to my office and to her I recited my tale of woe. She consented to be
my embassador to smooth the way lor me; but when the time came for
my appearance at home with explanations, the joke was still too warm
and I actually resorted to the telephone to account for the absence of body
and presence of mind. Oh! yes it is all very funny.
"The whole fact of the case is that I had no idea of becoming a profes
sional and only consented to appear on the original proposition that the
event was to be under the direction «>f the Red Cross Society, but that or
ganization .was too much engaged in other matters and had to decline. How
ever, I had accepted and had to stand the consequences."
The foregoing contrite confession was obtained during the rehearsal
yesterday afternoon while the doctor was vainly endeavoring to protect
his patent leathers from, the flying heels of a small army of -vild pickaninnies
and trying to watch Edith Howe's clever conception of Vopsy" and Rhys
Thomas' efforts to descend from the altitude of a lyric tenor to the humble
part of Uncle Tom.
L. R. Stockwell was asked what plausable excuse he had for conceiving
the idea that there was an aching void in this city that could only be
filled by the production of "Uncle Tom" In this epoch of war and car
nage.
"Excuse!" replied he with surprise. "Why don't you know that it is the
duty ofra conscientious manager to produce "Uncle Tom" ajid "East Lynne"
every rwo years in large cities and as often as possible in the country?
Go to, young man; this production will be all right with plenty of local col
or to it. By the way, that reminds me that there is a shortage of 'coonß'
In this old town and I must hasten me to Oakland to gather in some of the
floating colored population to assist in this seasonal event."
The rehearsals are progressing nicely and a really acceptable perform
ance is to be expected.
THE *SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUKE 30, 1898.
TWO CELEBRATIONS IN ONE
Irishmen Who Will Commemorate the Rebel
lion of '98 on July 4.
Preparations for the cominj? celebration at Schuetzen Park, on the
Fourth of July, by the members of the Ancient Order of Hibernians, in
commemoration of the historical rebellion of "98," are nearing completion,
and the demonstration, as already outlined, promises to be one of the most
memorable events in the history of the organization on this Coast. The
preliminary work of months, coupled with the Indefatigable zeal of those
directly interested in the honouring of one of Ireland's foremost victories,
has ended in the arrangement of a perfect programme of patriotic exer
cises and national games. This celebration, which in character will be a
dual commemoration of the Irish Rebellion and the natal day of the Ameri
can Union, will also partake of the nature of a general outing for the Irish
population of the city. Lead by the Knights of the Red Branch, a pro
cession of hundreds of Irishmen will march down Market street early
Monday morning to the ferry, where, accompanied by a band of musicians,
they will board the 10 o'clock boat for Schuetzen Park.
McMahon and McCarthy will provide the jig and reel music, and plat
forms have been built for the dancers. The professional dancers will in
clude Messrs. Kelleher, O'Connor and others, and a large number of ama
teurs have entered. Valuable prizes will be awarded. There will also be
games, including tug of war contests, races of all kinds and jumping,
throwing the hammer, etc. The patriotic exercises will be held on a special
platform. Hon. Robert Ferral will deliver the oration. The poem will be by
Eustace Cuelman. Augustine Costello of New York will deliver an address
on the evils of alliance with England. "The Star Spangled Banner" will
be sung. The Declaration of Independence will be read and the memories of
" '9S" revived by song and recitation.
Waveiiy place, donated $120; the Hop Wo
Uenovolent Association, $50; the Shoo Hing
Benevolent Association, 761 Clay sUvet, 00;
the Kong- Chu\v Benevolent Association, r. 12
l'lne street, $20; Sam Yup Benevolent Associa
! tlon, $112; which has already been received and
mention piven. The following; amounts were
received from Individuals and firms: Congre
i Rational Association of Christian Chinese.
$US; Chinese Presbyterian Church. $10; W.mg
! Quln. I*2l Buchanan street. $1; Jimmy Poy. Jl;
Sing Fat & Co., ?5; Chinese Society of "Eng
ll sh . ? du atlon - * 25: CWeago Cigar Company.
55; Ah Goa, Palo Alto, $5; Chinese Primary
School, $20. This makes a total of $410 50 re
ceived from the Chinese, who are appreciative
or the good work done.
The residents of Livormore, Cal., have
done their share in helping along the
work of the State branch. Yesterday
word was received that a large package,
containing six smaller packages of read
ing matter, had been sent by express.
The donation was from Mrs. Elizabeth
Hammond, a member of the auxiliary,
.which has 109 energetic workers. Mrs.
Jordan, as president, calls the branch to
gether every Thursday evening and relief
work is planned. Miss Rose Ismet is
vice-president, Mrs. W. H. Taylor is sec
retary and Mrs. J. P. Kelly treasurer.
Since organizing it has sent to the State
headquarters 140 comfort bags, 101 band
ages, 33 mosquito nets, 93 pillow slips, 26
sheets, 1 bag of prunes, reading matter
and 15 glasses of jelly.
Fresno has also been bountiful in its
donations and the society is pleased to
see that the ladies of that city are help
ing along the good cause.
Following in the wake of the big open
meeting to be held to-night Mrs. Harring
ton will call one for the State society, at
which reports will be read from repre
sentatives all over the State. It is there
fore suggested that secretaries send in
immediately such data as can be used for
such purpose. ■ :
. Mrs. Wendell Easton is busily engaged
answering inquiries as to the lecture
course that is to be held shortly for the
benefit of those who wish to go to the
front as nurses.
The State department received the following
amounts yesterday: Santa Cruz, $10; San
Diego. $10; Vallejo, $35; Colfax, 50; Oakland.
$100; Pasadena. $10; Bakerefleld, $25; Whittle
State School, $114; Berkeley, $10; Fresno, $S5:
making a total of $10,026 50.
A check for $114 was received yesterday from
the Whittler Reform School. Accompanying
the check was a letter stating that an auxil
iary Ked Cross Society had been rormed at
the State institution, with fifty-nine members.
The officers of th« school each contributed
their wages for one day. while the Inmates of
the institution have also been very generous.
It is proposed shortly to donate a quantity of
canned goods, the product or trie school.
The local society received the following sub
scriptions yesterday: Commercial Box Fac
tory, $12 60; J. H. Masterson. $25; K. H. Hlek
mary, $25: 11. Heilbronner. $25: A. M Barrett
$2; W. H. Talbot. $25; Union Lumber Com
pany, $13 60; employes Pacific Lumber Com
pany, $21 80; A. W. Jackson, $20; a friend, $5;
Mrs. Cameron Erskine Thorn, Los Angeles,
special donation toward hospital ship, $."; M
J. Brandensteln, $50; employes M. J. Branden-
Btein, Xl 5; Union Metallic Cartridge Company
$100; Mrs. Horace Smyth. $10; Mrs. I. It. D.
Grubb, $10; entertainment Mrs. Honn's danc
ing class, $16 35; a friend, $5; D. Hanson
Grubb, $5; memberships, $24. #
ARRANGING FOR
THE NEW WAR TAX
INSTRUCTIONS FOX THE SOUTH-
ERN PACIFIC AGENTS.
"When the Company Pays the Tax and
When the Shippers Pay
the Bill.
Circulars were issued yesterday by J.
C. Stubbs and William Sproule of the
Southern Pacific directing their agents in
the stamping of all bills for freight in ac
cordance with the new war tax.
In the case of bills of lading for goods
exported to foreign countries the original
bill alone is stamped. The compary is
obliged to ipsue a receipt for goods and
this will be stamped by the company. All
duplicates must be stamped at the ex
pense of the shipper. The stamps re
quired will be furnished by the railway
company.
Whenever bonds are required the ship
per will have to pay the 50-cent tax. The
expediency of the payment of the "en
try" tax by the company on goods en
tered In any custom-house for consump
tion or warehousing' will be considered
very carefully by the freight traffic man
agers at the various agencies.
An order for a ticket will not be
stamped, but where the Southern Pacific
Bells tickets, acting for Itself or us an
agent, between domestic and foreign ports
th* ticket covering the ocean service
must also be stamped. Tickets for trans
pacific ports will be honored by the Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company and the
Occidental and Oriental Steamship Com
pany. As the Canadian Pacific Company
is exempt from this tax the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company and the Occidental
and Oriental Steamship Company will
have to pay it.
When the Southern Pacific Company
or Its agents sells an order for an ocean
passage ticket to a foreign port, which
order is to be exchanged by the agent of
the ocean carrier at the port of embark
ation for a passage ticket, such order is
not subject to the tax.
Cogswell Fountain Gone.
The old Cogswell fountain, which for
years has stood at the junction of Cali
fornia, and Market streets, was yesterday
removed to the corporation yards and
relegated to the rubbish heap. It is stated
that a handsome flagpole will be erected
in its place by the merchants of that sec
tion.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Tlwfko- A
limlla /V s/I?s> -„ — ■!»«
JUDGE CONLAN
INDIGNANT
Trouble Over the Case of
a Dive Waitress.
CONFLICTING STATEMENTS
THE POLICE HINT THEY HAVE
BEEN TBICKED.
Some Interesting Developments Are
Expected When the Matter Is
Called in Court This
Morning.
The case of Kate Edington, a "dive"
waitress, has caused a feeling of unpleas
antness to arise between the arresting
officers. Sergeant Helms and Policeman
Cavanaugh, and Judge Conlan, which will
be ventilated in the Judge's court this
morning.
The woman was arrested on June 20 on
a charge of vagrancy. The case was as
signed to Judge Conlan's court and when
it was called the following morning it was
at the request of the police continued till
last Friday. The case was dismissed on
Friday and there is where the trouble
originated. According to the police they
wished the case continued till Saturday
and were surprised to find when they
went into court that day that it had been
changed on the calendar to "dismissed."
They again arrested the woman and the
case was assigned to Judge Mogan's court.
The police claim that the woman boast
ed that it had cost her $:*5 to "square" the
case and that she had been able to outwit
the police. She told them that when she
left the court room Friday a police court
attorney named Quigley or Quinlan had
approached her and said it was no use to
have the case continued from time to
time. He took her back and had the case
dismissed.
Judge Conlan admits dismissing the case
Friday, but says it was done inadvertent
ly. "I thought it was an old case," saia
the Judge, "and as the officers were not
in court to prosecute I ordered it Strlckeii
from tiie calendar. I was not in court
Saturday, Judge Mogan taking my place,
but I understand the officers called that
day and complained about the case beinjj
dismissed. I was informed of that fact
Monday morning and at once placed the
case again on my calendar. The officers
sent word to continue the case till to-day,
and when it was called to-day neither of
them appeared and 1 have continued it till
to-morrow, and if they fail to appear then
I will dismiss it for lack of prosecution
and will see if they can take it to another
court. I think they have treated this
court with marked discourtesy, to say the
least."
The Judge sent for the woman and sh«»
denied Riving any attorney a cent to
"square" the case or for any other pur
pose, she had nevei made any such state
ment. The only money Btte had paid was
to the men who went* on her bonds.
The statement that the case was markr-a
"continued" last Friday and afterward
changed to "dismissed is emphatically
denied by the Judge and officers of the
court and It is exp< . that ihe Judgo
will insist upon a thorough investigation.
FIGHTING FOR BABY JOHN.
Mrs. Isabella J. Martin Asks That
the Martin Will Case Be
Reopened.
Mrs. Isabella J. Martin of Martin will
case fame tiled a voluminous brief >• st.-r
day in which, on behalf of h^r child, John
H. Martin Jr., she asks that the celebrat
ed contest be reopened for further hear
ing. In the brief Mrs. Martin charges
Arthur Rodgers, a well-known attorney of
this city, with having obtained the ver
dict of the jury that derided against her
in the Martin will contest by means of
fraud and corruption. Mrs. Martin cites
several authorities in support of her con
tention that she is still entitled to equit
able relief.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A VERITABLE KLONDIKE.*
concentrated Mali-nourishment for Cursing
Mothers, whose weak, nervous, overtaxed
systems are incapable of producing pure
. nourishing milk f&r the babies.
Mothers who drink it daily during nursing
period will always have excellent food for
baby and enjoy good health themselves.
ALL DRUQeiSTS.
Val.Blatz Brewing Co.
mslwaukee.usa.
Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 416-418 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco.
A SOLDIER CURED!
CAMP MERRITT,
SAN FRANCISCO, June 9, IS9B.
DR. PIERCE & Gentlemen: Last Oc-
tober, while at Fort Bliss, El Paso, Texas, I
sent for one of your fami^is "Dr. Pierces Elec-
tric Belts," for Rheumatism, etc., and after
using It only two months my complaints en-
tirely disappeared and I have not been troubled
with any pain or discomfort since. 1 consider
your Belt to be the finest body-battery in ex-
istence, as the electric current is both powerful
and lasting. I purchased your No. XXX Belt,
and how, after using it several months, it is
as good as new. •
I heartily recommend Dr. Pierces Electric
Belt to all sufferers. Yours gratefully,
JOHN P. ANDERSON,
Co. H. ISth Infantry. U. B. Army.
XT Buy no Belt till you see Dr. Pierre's.
Write for our new "Book No. 2," which gives
price list and -tells all about it, or call on the
FMERCE ELECTRIC CO.
620 Market' St., opposite Palace Hotel, S. F.
"DR.MCNULTY7
rr«HIH 7.'KI;LKN'OWN AND RKLIABLK OMI
1 pet- in 1 1st I'rlvate, Nervous,
Diseases of Men only - Manly Power restored. Over
"0 years' experience. Send for Book, free, PMtonta
curpdat Home. Terms reasonable. Honrn. 9 to 3
dßlly:6:3oto3.Soev'irB. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and confidential, rail or address
f ROSCOB OTcHUI/ITY. M. 1»..
26^ KEARNY STREET, SAW CISCO. CAL
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Wu-U, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUQERA & CO.
RCI .) !.'.' ALL, PKL'GGIS'I i ■ ;■ :
. ADVEKTISEIiENTS. .-.-.-.^
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
IN E\/ERY DEPARTMENT.
Shirt Waists. Silk Waists.
We have made some special cuts in this Brocaded Silk Waists in beautiful de*
department, they must be sold, beau- signs and colorings, regular $6 OC
tiful assortment of SHIRT WAISTS value,
that formerly sold at 75c. _ _ _ _
Now 50c Each. At $4.00.
Madras Cloth and Zephyr Waists, Checked Silk Waists,
In the latest checks and plaids, full . * . —
i ' blouse fronts, formerly sold at $125 All colors made up in the latest sty!©,
and $1 50. -- regular $7 00 value.
Now $1.00. At $5.00.
"Special"«SKlßTS«"Special"
Colored Duck Skirts, Black Brocaded Silk Dress Skirts,
Full width. In tne latest cut and finish, regular $7 00
run wium. value.
75c. I At $5.00.
SPECIAL IN HOSIERY ! V FLAGS
Richelieu Ribbed Tan Hose.Lisle thread,
formerly sold at 50c. '-v-'c* IT V FiaflTC
, NOW 25C. Handsome large United States Flag,
sewed bunting, top canvas bound
fitted with brass grommets, size sxs
feet, ready for poles, perfectly fast
KID GLOVE SPECIAL ! colo £ $4 50
We have just received direct from fac- ' *
tory a large shipment of KID
GLOVES in tan. reds, black ana IT C KtifiTlHflr MfllTC
brown, all sizes. «J. J. DUllllllg Tiagd)
]\i n . v f»PZr- °P bound with canvas, fitted with
I'wVV vJOV*. brass grommets, size 34x65 inches,
'■"■•":-'-'■. ' ready for pole, perfectly fast colors.
At $2.50.
Columbia Kid Gloves, Printed fi™
The NAME speaks for the Glove. Have j 11111 flag, i,* V
you had a pair? Some new colorings Fast color on extra heavy cloth, size
and stitchings JUST RECEIVED. 32x46 inches, mounted on stick 6 feet
■ Every pair fitted and guaranteed. in length, with gilt spear head.
$1.00. Special, 50c, complete.
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
107-109 POST STREET and 1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET.
Good!
People who buy Schil-
ling's Best drink more tea a
year than other people. H
HURRAH
FOR THE
CLORIOUS
FOURTH ! !
MritWUKKo
AND FLAGS!
Boxes of Fireworks for Home Display
UnXld Case No. 2— 51.00.
1 Dewey Salute, 1 Sampson Surprise, 1 Schley
Crarker Jack. 1 Columbia Bomb, 6 Packages
Crackers 1 Volcano. 1 Paokase Torpedoes, 1
Triangle Wheel, 1 Vesuvius, 2 Ruby Lights,
6 2- Ball Candles, 3 3- Ball Candle?. 3 4-Ba!l
Candles 1 No. 1 Star Mine, 1 No, 2 Star Mine.
1 Whistle Bomb, 2 Yellow Jackets, 6 Large
Pin Wheel* 1 Catherine Wheel. 6 Blue Lights.
6 3-inch Serpents, 1 Flower Pot. 1 Box Red
Fire, 1 Cap Pistol, 12 Boxes Caps, 80 Red Heads,
7 Pieces Punk.
UnXld Case No. 3— 52.50.
0 J-Ball Candles, R • Candles. 3 6-Ball
Candles 3 8- Bail Candles, 1 Large Rchley
Cr&ckerjack, 1 Mount Vesuvius. 1 No. 2 Star
Mine i X>• 3 Star Mine. fjßo. 4 Star Mine,
6 Fxt'ra Lame Pin Wheels, 2 Catherine Wheels,
3 Whistling Bombs, 1 Whistling Devil, 2 Large
Volcanoes. 1 S-inch Vertical Wheel, SO Red
Head? 1 Pm'kagje Pistol Crackers, 1 Japanese
Acrobat, 3 Ruby Lights. 6 Blue Lights. 1 No. 2
.• Battery, 1 Samp»on Surprise Box, 1
Triangle Wheel. 3 4-iir-ft Flower Pots. 1 6-inch
Flower Pot, 10 Packages Fire Crackers, 1 Elec-
tric Flower. 1 Box Torpedoes. 10 Pieces Punk.
UnXld Case No. 4— 55.00.
Exhibition Assortment.
12 Colored Candles, large, 6-Ktar: 6 Exhibition
Candles S-star; 3 Exhibition Candles. 10-star;
a Colored Star Rock*<« 4 oz. ; 4 Colored Star
Ro-kets 8 oz. : 1 Colored China Flyer, large:
1 Colored Vertical Wheel. 8-inoh: 1 Bengal
light v ,-lb. ; 1 Colored Triangle Wheel. V*-lb. ;
l Colored Triangle Wheel. Mi-lb. ; 1 Mine of Col-
ored -tars Xo. 4: 1 Mine of Colored Sturs, No.
n 3 Colored Flower Pots, 6-lnch; 1 Colored
Rosette extra; 2 Colored Geysers, small: 1
il-ih (4ns Red Fire; 1 V 4 -lb. Can Green Fire;
1 >i'-ih fun White Fire: 1 '4-lb. Can Blue Fire;
i Electric Flower; 1 Jeweled Jet; 1 Mount Ve-
suvius; 1 Japanese Acrobat: 1 Bundle Punk.
GOLD CHOP CRACKERS 2 pkg;s. for 5c
SHOO FLY 3 pkgs. for 10c
EXTRA LOtTD 6c per pkg.
EXTRA, NO. 1 5c
PISTOL CRACKERS 10c
A Box of Fireworks Given Free With Boys 1 Suits.
THE UNXLD STORES
BRIGDEN. TBRNEY & BATKIN, Proprietor!,
610 to 620 Kearny St.. Cor. Commercial.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
REDUCED 'RAlto
ON ■
San Francisco and North Pacific Railway
FOR FOURTH OF JULY HOLIDAYS
To All Points and Resorts in
SONOMA, MENDOCINOAND LAKE COUNTIES.
For » detailed information apply at Ticket
Offloe 650 Market street (Chronicle building),
or at General Office, Mutual Life building.
Sansome and California streets.
A. W. FOSTER, .:
President and General Manager.
R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent.
' AMTJS-tiaiiiNTS.
At VMDI A 1 Corner of M»on »ni
ULYinm | Eddy st^u
GREATEST NEW BILL OF THE SEASON.
BARNEY REYNOLDS, the Celebrated Come-
dian; \V. M. DE BOE. LA ROTCE SISTERS.
MAUD ROCKWELL. GAMBLE, LA MONT.
WILLIAMS and I BIOGRAPH, With War
i Scenes. Admission Free. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OF»EIN NIGHTS.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN So
' Bathing, with admission, SSc; children. ao»,
Wli—iii I ■ lir giinnn i null Imi ii linn' iiiiiiiUMiiiniiiiii '
AMUSEMENTS.
iROSCO^GRANDSSi
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
Specially Engaged for One Week Only.
The Prince of Singing: Comedians,
CARROLL JOHNSON
In E. E. Kidders Romantic Irish Comedy,
"THE GOSSOON !"
Supported by a Powerful Stock Cast.
Evening Prices — i ?h.se-maixm?. i
Orchestra, Reseryed Seat 50c
Parq uet, Reserved -Seat 25c
Dress Circle, Reserved Seat 25a
Family Circle and Gallery lOc
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
A REAL, GENUINE HIT!
Brig. Gen. Charles King' 3 great military drama.
FORT FRAYNE.
Presented In the most complete mariner by th»
FRAWLEY COmPANY
In perparation— "LOST— 24 HOURS."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
NINE NIGHTS ONLY,
Beginning SATURDAY EVENING, July I.
Magnificent Revival of Stock-well's
UNCLE TOM'S CABINI
ALL-STAR CAST.
BO DARKIES IN THE PLANTATION SCENE!
Popular Prices— 33c, 25c and 15c.
MATINEES, July 1 and 9, any seat. 25c.
Sale of Seats begins TO-DAY (Thursday.)
BALDWIN THEATER.
LAST 4 DAYS.
"THE PASSION PLAY."
The Greatest Novelty of the Day.
Twice Daily, at 3 and 8:30 p. m.
Seats, Adults. 25c; Children, 15c.
— New American and European Stars —
3 WATSON SISTERS & ZAMORA, Sensa-
tional Aeriallsts: FALKE & SEMON, Musical
Artists; CHARLES WAYNE. Eccentric Come-
dian: ANNA CALDWELL, Comedienne;
JONES. GRANT & JONES, Colored Trio; THE
4 COHANS. "Running for Office"; TIM MUR-
PHY a3 Mathias in "The Bells." etc.; CaR-
LIN & CLARK and THE JUDGES.
Reserved Seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera
chairs and box seats, 500.
COMING — Mrs. Alice J. Shaw and daughters,
the Whistling I'rima Donnas.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Maiagrat.
LAST NIGHTS.
Revival of Yon Suppe's Charming Opera,
BOCCACCIO !
Splendid Cast! Superb Ensemble!
. NEXT WEEK
Gilbert and Sullivan's favorite ■work,
•'THE MIKADO."
Reappearances of
ELVIA CROX SEABROOKE W. R. WEST
Popular Prices .....25c and 50c
No Telephone.
ALCAZAR. 15c, 25c"35c, 50c
EVERY NIGHT AT 8:15.
. SATURDAY MATINEE AT 2.
LEWIS MORRISON,
IN the Historical Comedy,
FREDERICKTHE GREAT
MONDAY, JULY 4— EXTRA MATINEE
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
A MATINEE EVERY DAY
AT THE ' . .
CHUTES THEATER.
A GREAT VAUDEVILLE PERFORMANCE.
NEW MOVING WAR PICTURES
AND ATTRACTIONS WITH-
OUT END. i
SEE CANNON, THE "BIG GUN."
10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children Be
GRAND DISPLAY OF FIREWORKS on tha
Lake, Fourth of July Night. ■
DASHES—QUICK ACTION—NO DELAYS
RACES! |i|^s RACESI
TROTTING HORSE BREEDERS' ASSOCIA-
." . TION, OAKLAND.
June 25th to July • 23d Inclusive.
EVERY WEEK DAY.
BEST HORSES ON THE COAST ARE EN-
TERED.
BOOKS AND AUCTION POOLB.
Admission. 50c.
Races Commence at 1:30 O'clock.
Trains connecting with the 12, 12:30 and 1
o'clock boats stop at the track.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY.
Turpentine lower.
pilver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley rising.
Oats firm. Corn steady and Rye dulL
Hay continues to improve.
Bran advanced.
Beans unchanged.
Potatoes steady and Onions weak.
Vegetables in large supply.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs weak.
Poultry quiet.
reaches lower. Plums and Apricots steady.
Prune crop looks spotted.
Provisions unchanged.
Meat market as before.
Cottolene lower.
IMPORTS OF GROCERIES.
Imports of staple groceries at this port thus
far this year are given as follows, compared
' with the same time last year: Sugar, 135.775.000
lbs against 160.552.000; Coffee, 13.045,000 lbs,
against 11,261.000; Rice, SO, 121. 000 lbs, against
24.313,000.
CANNED APRICOTS FOR EUROPE.
The Callfornian Canneries Company, Ltd.,
announces that it has made a shipment of ten
carloads of canned apricots of season of I&9S to
[Liverpool.
These goods have been shipped overland and
will arrive In England in about three weeks.
This is the first large shipment of California
canned apricots for the season of IS9S, and Is
the first large shipment ever made to England
by rail. It being the custom to ship these goods
by sail ing vessels.
It is estimated that the shipment by sail to
England this year will be larger than ever.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
The following maximum temperatures are
reported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
In California:
Eureka, 68; Red Bluff. 9S; Sacramento, 96;
Fresno, 104; Independence, &S; San Luis Oblspo,
76; Los Angeles. :-. San Diego, 70: Yuma. 104.
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 64;
minimum, 50; mean, 57.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECASTS.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over Utah,
Nevada. Idaho and eastern Washington. It is
beginning to rise along the northern coast of
California. An extensive low area covers the
southern half of the Pacific Slope and extends
eastward to the Rocky Mountains.
The temperature has risen over Utah and
southern Idaho. It has remained stationary
over the coast. In the interior of California
the temperatures are from 7 to 15 degrees above
the normal.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Walla Walla, IS miles per hour from
'the west; Winnemucca, 26 west; Eureka, 30
■ northwest.
lirisk northwesterly wind may be expected
Thursday over the northern portion of Cali
fornia.
With exception of light showers at Fort
Canby and Portland, no rain has fallen west of
the Rocky Mountains.
Forecasts maae ;tt San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, June SO, IS9S:
Northern California— Fair Thursday; brisk
northwesterly winds; light fog on the coast in
the morning.
Southern California— Cloudy Thursday; fresh
'southwesterly wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Thursday.
Utah— Cloudy Thursday; cooler north.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
fresh westerly winds. . : •■*
. Special report from Mount Tamalpals taken
at 5 p. m. — Clear; wind northwest 36 miles per
hour; temperature. 7S: maximum, 88.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW TORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, June ».— Midsummer dullness
c ■ trailing characteristic of the trading
In stocks to-day, and there was scarcely a
single feature in the list of sufficient Interest to
warrant mention. There was a movement to
cover some of the short transactions that were
put out by professional traders yesterday on
the rather daring- assumption that trouble was
brewing with ' Germany over the alleged Inter
■ with American occupation of the
Philippines. This covering movement carried
prices up sharply in the early trading in sunie
those which were the chief sufferers in
yesterday's raid, Tobacco and Brooklyn Transit,
naturally being the most conspicuous In the re
covery. Sugar was also a strong feature. Ap
ly the practical abandonment of the Sen
ate In the annexation of Hawaii had led to cov
ering by the bears in Sugar, who sold the stuck
on the strength of annexation. The announce
ment of the regular dividends In Tobacco
iiizing and a reaction of IV4
■ nt, but the stock was well supported at
thr- decline. A strong recovery in wheat ex
citr.d a sympathetic interest in stocks and
gave Borne strength to the grain-carrying
roads. The buying of Pullman continued to
day and Great .Northern preferred showed a
gain of 2 w g.
Bonds continue to phow greater activity and
.: b than stocks. The total sales were
90. United States 5s advanced 'A in the
bid price.
The total sales of stocks were 202,500 shares,
Including: Atchison preferred. H0O; Burllng
■ ■ Manhattan, 9100; Northern Pacific
red, 4200: Rock Island, 9800; St. Paul,
Tezaa Pacific, 9500; Union Pacific pre
. 4100; American Spirits. 4600; American
f^liirits ]. referred, 3600; American Tobacco, 17,
..-ople's Gas, 4900; American Sugar, 43,650.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 12's it V & Cm 78
.Do prefd ........ 33% Do prefd 152
Baltimore & Ohio 15%|«>t P M & M 140
Canada Pacific .. 52% Bo Pacific 17%
Canada Southern. 51% •■ ■ Railway 8%
Central Pacific .. 13% j Do prefd 29%
Ches <S- Ohio 227s Texas & Pacific. 12%
phi & Alton 156 I'nion Pac prefd. 59%
['hi B & Q 104% i: PD & G _ 6%
Chi & E 111 SSH IVabash 7
VCC& St L 41% Do prefd '. IS%
Do prefd .... 87 IVheel &L E 1%
pel & Hudson... lOGii Do prefd 9
Pel L & \V 158 Express Companies-
Den & I: G 10% Warns Ex 99
Do prefd 60% American Ex 125
Erie (new) 13 United States .... 40
Do Ist prefd.... 35% Wells Fargo 121
Fort Wayne 17' Miscellaneous—
3t Nor prefd 173% & Cot Oil 20%
Hocking Valley... 6 Do prefd 73%
Illinois Central .. 105 Amn Spirits 14%
Lake Brie & W... 14% Do prefd 38
Do prefd 70% Vm Tobacco ...... 118%
Lake Shore 191 Do prefd 119
Louis & Nash 61% people's Gas 97
Manhattan L 1" J1 . ions Gas 197
Het St Ry 158% ,'om Cable Co 180
Mich Central .... 105% Vol F & Iron 21%
Minn & St L.... 29 Do prefd 90
Do Ist prefd.... 90% "en Electric 18%
Mo Pacific 35 llinolH Steel 56%
Mobile ft 0hi0.... 2<5 l.aclede Gas 50
Mo X & T... 11 bead 34
Do prefd 33V, Do prefd 106%
Thi Ind & L 9% 'Tat Lin Oil 16%
.Do prefd 30 ("acific Mall 28%
•» .1 Central 93% ' ullman Palace... 199%
*.* V Centra] •;.... 116% 'liver vjertlflcates 58%
NY Chi & St L. 12% t;and R & T 6
Do Ist prefd €7 hipar 133
•Do id prefd 30 Do prefd ...111%
Kor West 14 rC & Iron 25%
K'o Amor Co 5% C B Leather' 7%
}Jo Pacific 29 Do -prefd 66%
Do prefd , 69* IT S Rubber ..... 25
Ontario .<- w i? 8 Do prefd ...:.... 88
Ur R & Nay: • 49 (Vest Union .V 93
•>r Short Line 28% r:hl.& N W 123
EUttsburg 170 . ! Do prefd 170
Heading 18% ft L & S.W 5%
Do Ist prelld — 45%. Do prefd 10%
Roc* island 96% ROW 26%
It L& S F 7% Do prefd 66
Do !-• prefd.... filVi ."hi G W ........ 14
Do 2d prefd.... 28 . Itlaw Com Co 23
Et Paul 98% l"nion Pacific .... 23%
Do prefd ....... '148% jp.rooklynß T..... 64%
• CLOSING BONDS.
US new 4s reß..-125»i 11-JC 55...... ...... 114%
Do coup .' ]^",i 4 X Carolina 65.... 125
17 B 4s 110% Do '.a -103-
Do coup ....'.... 112% No Pac lsts 115
Do IMs •.... .95 Do 38 ....: 62%
I" Sss reg.... 113% Do 4s 98%
Do 5s coup ;..-.. 113% NTN T V C &■ S L 45.. 105'
District 3.65s ..... 119 Kor & W,65.....\. 121
Ala class A 110 Js'orthwstrn • cons. 141
Do 15 10". Do deb 5s 116%
Do C 90 0 Nay 15t5...:.... 114
Do Currency ... SO : (> Nay 4s 95%
atchison 4s 93% 0 S Line 6s tr.... 126%
Do adj 4a 67% 0 6 Line 5s tr.... 106%
Can So 2ds 108% pacific 6s of 95.. 101%
Chi Term 4s 87 (leading 4s ... 86%
D & Ohio 5s 114% U"G W 15t5...... 89
5 H & D 4%5.... 104% ;It L & I M C ss. 95%
D &-R <i lsts.... 108 St L&8 F G 6s. 120%
D & R <■• 4s H% it P Con 145
East Term lsts.. 107% St r C & P lsts.. 120%
Brie Gen 4s 74% Do 5s .«. 117%
F \V & D lsts tr. 7:.% Po My Si 95%
lien Electric 65... 102% .(Hand R & T 65.. 70
(} H& S A 6s 106 Irenn new set 35.. 90
Do Ids ...' 102 Tex &P L G lsts. 105%
{I & T C Si 110 Do Kg 2d.s 40%
Do con 6s 104 Union I'ac 4s 08%
towa C lsts 102 I' I' D& G lsts.. 62%
La new cons 45.. 100 IVab Ist 5s 109%
I, & N Uni 45.... 90 Do 2ds 86%
Missouri 6s 100 vv Shore 4s 110%
\\ X & T lids 63% Va Centuries 71
Do 4s 83 Do deferred .... 04
X V Central lsts. 119% L'nion Pac prefd. 59%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 03 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 02 ")ph!r 12
Con Cal & Va.... 15 Plymouth 12
Dead wood 30 1 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry... 02 Do prefd 200
dale & Norcross. 40 sierra Nevada ... 33
Homestake 47 00 standard 160
Iron Silver 67 Union Con ....... 10
Viexlcan 05 fellow Jacket .... 05
BOSTON.
BOSTON. June 29.— Aichison, 13; Bell Tele
phono, Z'.iS: 'Burlington, 104 1 /:; Mexican Central,
l«i; Oregon Short Line, 29.
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 29.— Money on call, I@l%
per cent; last loan, 1»4 per cent. Prime mer
cantile paper, 3@4 per cent. Sterling exchange.
strong, with actual business in bankers' bills
at $4 Ss : !i@4 S6 for demand and at $4 S4H@4 84%
for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 Ss@4 86%. Com
mercial bills, $4 S3@4 83^. Silver certificates,
GB%QS9Hc. silver. 59V*c. Mexican dol
lars, 49% c. Government bonds, strong. State
bonds, dull. Kallroad bonds, strong.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 29.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here are idle and featureless. The
May working statement of the Canadian Pa
cific has caused weakness in Canadian lines,
and Americans have sympathized, being lower
throughout. Baltimore and Ohio common was
down to 15.
An issue of Argentine treasury bills is said
to be imminent, and a Transvaal loan of from
£4.000.000 to £6,000,000 is expected within a
very short time.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific. S5Vi: Grand Trunk. 7%;
bar sliver, steady, 27 5-1G per ounce; money, 1
per cent.
Spanish 4s closed at 33*4, a net loss of %.
PARIS, June 29.— Spanish 4s closed at 33 15-16,
a net loss of 1-16.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, June —FLOUR—
SOSB barrels; exports, 4626 barrels. Market more
strongly held and fairly active.
WHEAT— Receipts, 107,300 bushels; exports,
299,166 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red. 85c t. o.
b. afloat. Options were strong and moderately
active all day. Bull sentiment received en
couragement from continued bad crop reports,
fair export trade, higher cable and unfavorable
crop rumors from France, closed strong at 2"^c
net advance. Sales Included No. 2 red July,
77 9-16:8^00, closed SOc.
HOPS— DuII.
WOOL— Quiet
METALS— Express dullness prevailed in all
departments of the Metal market to-day, and
no changes of choice are noted ; in the • quota
tions. At'the close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants unchanged, . with $6 60
bid and $6 65 asked.
LAKE Unchanged, with $11 75 bid
and $11 S'M asked. .-.'', ','■■-■
TlN— Very quiet; $15 20 bid and $15 25 asked.
LEAD— but firm; $3 95 bid and $4
asked. The firm that fixes the settling price
for miners and smelters quotes Lead at $3 75.
SPELTER— $5 bid and $5 25 asked.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points net higher. Sales, 1500 bags, in
cluding January, $5 SO. Spot Coffee— Rio, dull
and nominal.
SUGAR— Raw, dull and easy: refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 13.600 packages. Quiet;
Western creamery. 13Vx@17c; Elgins, 17c; fac
tory, ll@l2?ic
EGGS— Receipts, SSOO packages. Quiet; West
ern, 12ij@13c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW TORK, June 29.— California Dried
Fruits, quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6@Bc per
pound; prime wire tray, 9®9Vsc; wood dried
prime. 9Hc: choice, 9\ic; fancy, 10c.
PRUNES— 4©B%o per pound, as to size and
APRICOTS— RoyaL 8%@10c; Moorpark, 10®
12 c
PEACHES— Unpeeled, ES9c; peeled, l^lSc
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICACO, June 29.— Wheat started strong on
the wholly unexpected advance at Liverpool.
Crop damage reports continued to pour in, al
though the weather was fairly favorable. A
good deal of complaint was based on the as
sertion that owing to the excess of moisture i
the straw had been abnormally developed, but
the heads had been poorly filled, so that the i
yield was extremely disappointing. The scat- j
tered threshing returns which came from the
fields seemed to confirm this view of the situa
tion. The result was that shorts began to show
a good deal of concern and started to cover,
the demand giving an upward turn to prices.
The market remained firm, but without anima
tion, until after the middle of the session,
when the mere firmness was changed into ex
ceeding strength. The crop damage rt.poru
were too persistent and general to be doubted I
any IC.ni.er. nna the covering of short ivlititl.
which had In the forenoon been conducted
with much care and unobtruslveness, became
too universal for the business to retain (*s
early undemonstrative character. An hour
from the clo-se trading became heavy and
somewhat fxc.tea at odd momenta and the
price rose rapidly and materially, September
reaching 59c, a gain of 2}, c, and July al
vanced \%c. celling at 73*ic. After this 'm
provement there was enough selling of \-jns i
stuff and s-ellirs: for the short account to '
cause a r,l:^ht reaction. Liverpool opened id
higher for July and %d up for later deliver
ies. At the close Liverpool was l^d up or Hd
lower than at '.he opening, and later t'cll»crl»s
were about .is tney had opened. At Lnc rI'JM
July was l%c higher and September 2*4- Lixher
than yesterday.
Good buyi-.S' by shorts in July and prominar.t
longs in s-'«:>i'jmber, together with the strength
In wheat, advanced corn. July closed %@lc
higher.
Covering by shorts, unfavorable weather
forecasts and the rally in wheat and corn were
the reasons for the strength in oats. July
closed with a gain of l%c.
Lower prices at the yards and large hog re
ceipts started provisions rather easy. The
decline was all recovered near the close with
the rally In the coarse grains. Pork left oft |
unchanged, lard 2%c lower and ribs 2V40 higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Wheat No. 2—
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
June 79% 79% 79% 79%
July 71% 73% 71'/ 4 73% i
September 66% €9 66% 65%
December 67% 69% 67 €9%
Corn No. —
July 31% 32% 31% 32
September 32% 33% 32 32%
December 32% 33% 32% 33% j
Oats No. 2—
July 21 22 20% 21%
September 19% 20% 19% 20%
Mess Pork, per bll—
July 9 42% 9 55 9 42% 9 47%
September 9 60 9 72% 9 57% 9 67%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July 5 37% 5 40 5 32% 6 37%
September 5 50 5 62% 6 45 6 60
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July ~5*i32% 6 37% 6 32% 6 37%
September 5 40 5 46 6 87% 6 45
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
dull. No. 2 spring wheat, 78@S0c;No. 3 spring,
70(&S0c; No. 2 red, 78<379c; No. 2 corn. 31%
f3l%c; No. 2 oats, 21(&21%c; No. 2 white, 24
25c: No. 3 white, 23%<?T24c; No. 2 rye, 42%®
43c; No. 2 barley, 30@34c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 06;
prime timothy seed, $2 60@2 70; mess pork, per
bbl., $9 50@9 55; lard, per 100 lbs., $5 37%@5 40;
short ribs sides (loose), to 25@5 50; dry salteO
shoulders (boxed), 4%@4%c; short clear sides
(boxed), $5 70@J5 80.
Articles — Receipts,. Shipments.
Flour, bblo 9,900 7.200
Wheat, bu 9,200 32,900
Corn, bu 337,300 . 400,900
Oats, bu 351,000 897,400
Rye. bu 2,000
Barley, bu 13.500 600
On the Prod ice Exxchange to-day the but
ter market was stead; creameries, 14@16c; dair
ies, ll 11/sc;1 1 /sc; eggs, steady; fresh. 10c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis * 9,940 15.000
Duluth 40.927 66,133
Milwaukee .' 3,900
Chicago 9,287 32.901
Toledo 4,400 5,000
! St Louis 6,000 8,000
Detroit :.. 1.925 1.409
Kansas City 5,000 8,500
Totals . 81,379 126,943
Tidewater— .-. .. . ,■,'■. m
Boston 29.100 ' ;
New York 107,300 292,166
Philadelphia '.
Baltimore 10,007 47,857
New Orleans 42,000
Galveston 3,300
Totals ......... ........ 149,707 352.023
%'i.l'K; . PARIS FUTURES.
• Wheat ,■ , ■. June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 54 35 47 05
Closing 65 65 47 20
Flour— ■ .
Opening 26 36 2145
Closing ;....; ....25 10 2170
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
. . r June. July. Sept. Deo.
Opening • 6 1 6 9 6 7
Closing 62% 68% 57%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, June 29.— CATTLE— The general
trade outside of very plain and heavy cattle
to-day • was agreeable and active prices were
about maintained. Medium, 14 50@4 65; beef
steers, $4 15@4 50; stockers and feeders, 13 60®
4 S5; bulls, $2 90@4; cows and heifers, $3 20@4;
calves, $4@7; Western steers, $4 25@4 80; Texas
steers, $3 50@4 70.
HOGS— The run of hogs was in excess of the
demands of the trade, and before the close a
break of TiifilOo from yesterday's last prices
had been faced. Fair to choice, 13 7503 87%;
packers, $3 65!g > 3 SO; butchers, $3 70@3 82%;
mixed, $3 60@3 82%; light, |3 50@3 80; pigs, $2 75
(</3 80.
SHEEP— The supply of 6heep exceeded the
demand and prices were forced off lO@2oc.
Texas sheep, J4 75: choice muttons, $4 25<J?5
yearlings. •$5 60@5 75; ewes, {2 50@3 75; sprlnc
lambs. $6*56 75.
Receipts— Cattle, . 18,000; hogs, 85,000; sheen
17,000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, June 29.— CATTLE— Receipts. 3600.
Market steady; native beef steers, $4(^5 25;
Western steers, J3 W^ 60; cows and heifers,
$3 40@4 30; stockers and feeders, $4<g>4 90.
HOGS— Receipts. 10,900. Market shade lower;
heavy, $S 60i&3 65; mixed, $3 60; light, »3 65®
3 60.
6HEEP— Receipts. 1200. Market strong ; fair
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 30, 1898.
to choice natives $4<g"4 75: do Westerns, $3 75®
4 50; common stock, $3 50@4; lambs, $4@5 50.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, June 29.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 6000. Market steady; native beef steers.
$3 85@4 95; do cows and heifers. $1 50@4 65;
stockers and feeders $3 40@5; bulls, $2 75@4 25.
HOGS— Receipts. 16,000. Market weak to 5
cents lower: bulk of sales. $3 45@3 70: heavies.
$3 65(5(3 80; packers, $3 45f3 70; mixed, $3 40®
3 65: lights, ?3 40@3 60; yorkers, $3 55@3 60; pigs,
$3 205T3 50.
SHEEP— Receipts. 3000. Market weak; lambs,
$3 25<g>6; muttons, $3 25@4 50.
DENVER.
DENVER. June 29.— CATTLE— Receipts, 800.
Market steady; beef steers, $3 6(Vg4 B0; cows.
$3<g>4 15; feeders, freight paid, $4@4 75; stockers,
do, $4157:4 SO; bulls and stags, $2 50@3 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 400. Market steady, demand
weak. Light packers, $3 45@3 60; mixed, $3 50
@3 60; heavy. $3 50@3 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market unchanged.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company's auction sales of
California fruit were as follows: .
PHILADELPHIA, June 29.— Plums— Peacn,
$1 15; Abundance, 90c(g'$l 40, average $1 06;
Royal Hative, 84c; St. Catherine. 96c. Prunes-
Tragedy, Ssc<gsl 65, average $1 45. Apricots-
Royal, 85c@$l, average 95c. Peaches— Hales
Early. Ssc@sl 05, average 93c; Alexander, 77c.
Two cars sold.
BOSTON, June 29.— Cherries— Black Republi
can. Soc@sl 15, average $1 04; Bigareau, S2c;
Royal Anne, 30c@$l, average 77c; Black Tar
tarian, 30c® $1, average 70c. Peaches— Hales
Early. 60c@$l, average 77c; Alexander, 65@90c.
average 76c. Apricots— Royal, 65<gS5c, average
78c. Prunes— Tragedy, $1 95. Apples— 6oc@sl 35,
average $1 14. Five cars sold.
NEW YORK, June 29.— Prunes— Tragedy. $1 15
<gl 60. average $1 36. Plums— Clyman, 85c@~$l 40,
average, $1 07; Royal Hative, 70<g?90c, average
76c. Peaches— Hales Early, 85c@$l 05, average
97c; Alexander, 50@95c, average 70c. Apricots-
Peach, 55@95c, average 86c. Cherries— Royal
Anne, 60c$$l 15, average 72c; Tartarian, 25c@
$1 25, average 78c. Pears— Bartlett, $1 20@l 40,
average, $1 25; Beurre Gifford, $1 10. Ten cars
sold.
CHICAGO, June 23.— Apricots— Royal, $I@l 20,
average $1 10; Moorpark, $1 40; Montgamet, $1 45.
Prunes— Tragedy, $1 20@l 60, average $142; Sl
moni, $1 65@1 85, average $1 80. Plums — Peach,
$1 40@l 75, average $1 64; Burbank, $1 15&1 65.
average $1 49. Peaches— St. John, 80c@$l 25,
average $1.
Porter Bros. Company sold to-day at open
auction California fruit at the following prices:
NEW YORK, June 29.— Prunes— Slmoni. 90c
<§>$1 75 single crate; Tragedys, $I@sl 60. Plums
—Peach. $1 SO; Abundance, Soc@sl 75: Clymans.
80@$l; Mikado, $1; Burbanks, 80«?90c; Koenig
Claude, 85c. Apricots— Royals. 4uc@sl 50; Moor
park, $130; Blenheims, $1. Cherries — Assorted,.
$1 10@l 15 per box;. Royal Anne, 35c@$l 15; Re
publican, SKV^I 4S; Tartarians, 25080 c.
Peaches — Hale's Early, 66c@$l 05 per box;
Alexanders, 40c@90c; Governor Garlands, SOc;
Waterloo, 70c.
CHICAGO, June 29.— Prunes, Slmoni, 90c@
$1 85 single crate;. Tragedy, $1 2CK& 1 65; Silver
Skin. $1 05. Plums— Burbanks. $1 45<S1 50;
Abundance, $1 10@$l 45; Mikado. $1 40; Peach,
$1 25; Clymans, 75c@$l 15: Satsuma. $1 10; Royal
Hatives, 90c@$l. Apricots— Moorparks, 75c@
$1 50; Royals, 75c@$l 40. Cherries— Republi
cans. $1 30tf 1 35 per box; Fancy. $1 20: Royal
Annes, 45c@$l 10; Tartarians, 35@SQr; Napoleon,
fioc. Peaches— St. Johns, $1 per box; Hale's
Earlys, 65@7«c; Alexanders, 70c.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON. June 29.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow of the
wool market: The wool market has progressed
at a lively pace. Some fair sales of Austra
lian and pulled wools have been made, but
otherwise sales have been light. A great many
mills are running on short time and more ex
pect to be doing so very shortly. Some are
shut down altogether or are running no more
than is necessary to turn out their light-weight
samples. Consequently the wool trade does
not anticipate an immediate improvement in
the demand for raw material. Reports re
garding the Western situation are conflicting,
but it looks as if matters had begun to quiet
down somewhat. Taking both the Inactivity
of the mills and the excessive firmness of the
growers Into account, the outlook for the wool
dealers Is not quite so clear as they might
wish. The trade are practically unanimous in
believing that wool will eventually go to
much higher prices; but they are far from be
ing agreed that this end will be reached in
the immediate future. Prices are as well
maintained as they have been for weeks.
Sales of wool in Boston amounted to 854,000
pounds domestic and 407.500 pounds of foreign,
against a total of 7c3,500 for the previous
week and a total of 7.355.000 for the corre
sponding week last year. Sales since Janu
ary 1. 189S, amounted to 594,505,318 pounds,
against 178,572,600 pounds last year at this
time.
LONDON WOOL BALES.
LONDON, June 29.— There was a good attend
ance at to-day's session of the wool auction
sales. Following are the sales In detail:
New South Wales, 3900 bales; scouring:, B%@
Is :,d; greasy, 6Hd@loV4d. 
Queensland, 1400 bales; scoured, 10d@ls 6Hd;
greasy, Bd@lOV4d.
Victoria, 400 bales; scoured, 9d@ls 4d; greasy,
6«d@lod.
South Australia, 900 bales; scoured. Is 2>4d@
Is 3^d; greasy. 6%d@9d.
West Australia, &00 bales; greasy. s\«d@7%d.
Tasmania, • 800 bales; greasy, 6Vid@7Hd.
New Zealand 4800 bales; scoured, 9d@la 5%d;
greasy, 4}; d(g 1 9d.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal, 800 bales;
scoured, 6^4d@ls 6V4d; greasy, sd@6?id.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. June Consols, 111 6-I6@lll%;
Silver, 27 6-16 d; French Rentes, 102f E2V4c
LIVERPOOL. June 29.— Wheat, dull; No. 1
standard California Wheat, 445; cargoes oft
coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
nominal, unchanged: English country markets,
part Is cheaper; French country markets,
steady; Wheat in Paris, firm; Flour in Paris,
firm.
COTTON— 3 7-lSd.
CLOSE.
WHEAT FUTURES— quiet; July, 6a
2%d; September, 5s 9!4d; December, 5s 5%d.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, steady,
2s Hd; July, Bteady, 3s *4d; September, steady.
3s 2%d.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, June 29.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $197,256,429; gold reserve
$166,177,388.
COTTON MARKET. .
NEW ORLEANS, June 29.— COTTON—
middling, 6 15-16 c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS. '
PORTLAND, Or. June 29.— Exxchanges, $236,
821; balances,- $76,066.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., June 29.—WHEAT—Noth
ing doing; nominal quotations; 59(jj600 for
Walla Walla and 62@63c for valley and blue
stem.
WASHINGTON. ,V : :»;S
TACOMA. Wash., June WHEAT—
60c; blue stem, 63c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — |4 85\i
Sterling Exchange, 60' days — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17%
New York Exchange, sight — 20
Fin Silver, per ounce — 69"4
Mexican Dollars 46 46Va
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— There was a recovery yesterday
and futures advanced, as will be seen. Tht
spot market was also firm. The Eastern and
foreign markets showed a rising tendency, ow
ing to unfavorable reports from the winter
crops.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, |1 22%@1 27%; milling
$1 35@1 45 per ctl.
CALL BOAjRD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — December"
2000 ctls, |1 12%; 2000, |1 22%; 10,000, |1 22%;
4000, $1 22%; 2000, |1 22%.
Second— December— 4ooo ctls, $1 23%; 2000
1123%; 10,000, |123%; lg.ooo. $123%; 26,000 i
$1 24.
Regular morning session— December— Booo ctls.
$1 24%: 28,000, |1 24%; 22,000, |1 2,5; 28,000, $1 25%
12,000. |l 26%.
Afternoon session— December*-6000 stls, |1 25%
16,000, |1 25%; 16,000. |1 25%; 6000. |1 25%. ■
BARLEY— The corner seems to be turned In
tills market and the. tendency Is upward again,
under an Improved demand. Offerings are
light.
Feed, |1 10® 1 15. Brewing, II 25@1 32%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second— No sales.
Regular morning session — December 11 — 6000 ctls
|1 17.
Afternoon session— December— 4ooo ctls II 17
4000, |1 16%; 2000. 111654; 12,000. |1 16%; 2000 #
II 16%.
OATS— While there Is no advance the market
is stronger in sympathy with Barley, and trade
Is rather better.
Fancy feed, $1 35@1 40 per ctl ; good to choice.
II 30<al 35; common, II 25@1 27%; Surprise
|1 32%@1 40; gray, |1 25@1 32%; milling, |1 32%
@1 37% per ctl.
CORN — Is steady- and unrhaneed.
Small round yellow, 11 25@1 30; large yellow,
|1 05@l 07%: white. |1 02%@l 05; mixed. |1 02%
@1 05 per ctl.
RYE— II 22%'S'l 25 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— II 75@1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $6@B 10; bakers' ex
tras. $4 ~o@i £5 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 26 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 76 per 100;
Ric« Flour, $7; Cornmeal, |2 60; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat Groats,
$4 50: Hominy, $3 2503 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4
@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats (bar
rels). $5 85(56 25; in sacks. $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The very small Hay arrivals yesterday were
picked up on the spot and the market was
stiff and tending upward. It looks as if the
farmers had won the day and that if buyers
want Hay they will have to pay up for it.
There will not be ' much life until after the
Fourth, when the market will probably show
considerable more activity.
Bran has advanced 50c. All Feedstuffs are
firm in sympathy with the sudden strength de
veloped In Hay and Barley.
BRAN— SI 4 60(515 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-$20@22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $25 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50; Jobbing,
$32@32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cottonseed
Meal, $28(3-30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23@23 50;
Cracked Corn, $24(524 50.
NEW HAY— Wheat, $18 50@19 50 for choice
and $17@18 for low»r grades; Wheat and Oat,
$16 50<ff'18 50; Oat, $16 50(8)17 50: Wild Oat. $15 50®
16 50; Barley, $14@15; Island Barley,' $13@14; Al
falfa. $13<ffl4.
STRAW— SO@9Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There is no further change in Beans.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 90@2 95; Small Whites, $1 80
@1 90; Large Whites, $1 75<f 1 80; Pinks. $2 60®
2 65; Reds, $2 75>ff'2 85; Blackeye, $3@3 25; But
ters, $1 80@2; Llmas, $2 80@2 90; Pea, $1 90®2;
Red Kidneys, $2 50@2 70 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $413*4 25 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $4@4 25; Flax, $2^2 06; Canary
Seed, 2Vi@2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 3@6c: Rape, 2',i@
2%c; Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy, s<g:o\ic.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 75@2; Green, $2@2 10
per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Onions are weak and Potatoes steady.
With the exception of Tomatoes the Vege
table market has a downward tendency under
free supplies.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 40@50c In sacks
and 40@75c in boxes for Early Rose, and 40@650
In sacks and 60@90c in boxes for Burbanks.
ONIONS— New, 40@500 per ctl for red and
7511900 for yellow.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, $1 50(g'2 for extra
large, $I@l 25 per box for No. 1, 50®75c for
small; Green Peas, $I@l 25 per sack; Garden
Peas. 2<S2 l^c per lb; String Beans, I(g3c per
lb; Wax Beans, l@2c; Summer Squash, 25@50c
per- box: Bay Squash, 75c<S?$l: Green Peppers,
$1 25' cl 60 for Chile and $1 50<g2 for Bell; Dried
Peppers, s@6c: Cabbage, 50c per ctl; Carrots. 30
@50c per sack; Marysville Cucumbers, 25@60c
per box; Bay Cucumbers, 75c@$l 50: Vacaville
Tomatoes. 60c(g$l per box; River Tomatoes, $2;
Green Corn, 7M-'i?l2 l^e per dozen for Vacaville
and 80®2So for Bay: Garlic, 2©3 c per lb.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced
dedicated, 16@^c: granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions. 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, ISc; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c: Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
There Is still some Eastern on hand. Local
stock is quiet and unchanged.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 10@llc for Gob
blers and 10@llc for Hens; young Turkeys, 16c;
Geese, per pair. 75c«$l; Goslings, |I@l 25;
Ducks, $3@3 50 for old and $3@5 for young;
Hens, $3 tuj'4 60: Roosters, young, J6@7: Roost
ers, old, $3 50<§>4 60; Fryers, $4 60@5; Broilers,
$3 50@4 for large, $2@3 for small; Pigeons,
$1 60@l 75 per dozen for young and Jl 25@1 50
for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGG&
Eggs are arriving; freely and are weak, with
a dtcllne in store. Cheese continues in heavy
supply and weak. Butter Bhows no further
change, and some dealers quote higher than
the price? given below.
BUTTKR—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 17<gl~%c: sec
onds, 16% c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 15@16c; common
grades, nominal.
Eastern Butter — Ladle packed, 14@15c per Tb.
CHEESE— (_ voice mikl new, 8c; old, 7®
7%c; Cream Cheddar, 10® lie; Young America,
B@9c; Eastern, 12fjl3c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 15<3>16c per dozen; store
Eggs. 11%(&'13V4c; Eastern, 12%@15c; Duck
Eggs, 16c
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
From th'» report of W. H. Hammon. section
director of the United States Weather Bureau
for the California Crop Bulletin, week ended
June 27, the following summary is taken:
"Fruit trees are showing the effects of the de
ficiency in rainiall In the early part of the sea
son and ther;- tre reports of leaves turning
yellow. Vineyards continue to thrive and a
law crop of ra.sln and other grapes may be
expected. There Is a report of vinehoppers in
•ne district, but no damage is apprehended.
Pfaches, rlurr.t and prunes are In good condi
tion. Pears are not abundant, but are o* wood
quality: oranges are doing well; watermelons
are rather late; second crop of figs flourlbhlrf*,
whil>? flrst crop was poor."
White Nectarines are on the market, but are
not wanted. They are held at 50c per box.
Peaches are lower and are the weakest fruit
on the list. Plums aro steady and Ap,-ico:s
firm. F.'ys nre dill and plentiful. Fears are
In better txh.tit, but are not wanted. Grapes
arf- fl' % w lif sale. Berries are weak aril Uui).
DECIDUOt'S FRUITS—
Strawberries, $2®3 per chest for large an 4 U
®6 for small.
Black Cherries, 30<§50c; Royal Annes. 30@40c,
loose Cherries, 3@4c per It) for black and
2@34c for Royal Anne.
Fiks, 25®50c per box for single and 40®75c
for double layers.
Seedless Grapes from Yuma, |I@l 25 per
crate; Black Grapes, $1 50.
Blackberries. J3@4 per chest
Currants, $233 per chest.
Plums, 60@75c per crate and 25®65c per box.
Apricots, 40(3 7ac per box and 60@75c per crate
and $3f)gsO per ton In bulk.
Peaches, 25$j5Oc per box, 30@500 per basket.
Raspberries, $4iff6 per chest.
New Apples, 25<g50c per small and 75c@Jl per
large box and I.SSMOc per basket.
Green Pears, 2f.rS3sc per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, *1 50@2 50;
Seedlings, ZQcfitl: Lemons, $1 25@2 for com
mon and $2 60(g3 50 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes, $4; Bananas, Jl 25@2 per bunch'
Pineapples, J3Q4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC,
It looks as If we would have- a spotted
Prune cror> this year. In the northern part
of the State the corp Is immense and gener
ally In good condition, but in the south the
fruit Is looking badly in many districts and
the i leaves are turning yellow, supposedly on
account of the dry spring:. Samples from
Hanford were shown yesterday, which were
black and rotten from some unknown cause.
Fine large Prunes will probably be scarce this
year.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 4%@
Ec for 40-50's, 4U@4V4c for 50-60*8, 3%@4c for
60-70's, 3&@3%c for 70-80's, 2%@3c for 80-90' s, 2%
®2%c for 90-100' s; Peaches, 3@sc, fancy, 6%@
6c; peeled, 10@12%c; Apricots, 5@6%c for Royals
and 7<@Bc for good to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7Mj@Bc: sun-dried, 4&@sc; Black
Figs, in sacks, 2@2V&c; Plums, 4^@4?ic for
pitted and l',4<slVic for unpltted; bleached
Plums, 5@5%c; Nectarines, 4@6c for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2%@,4%,f0r quarters and 3@5%c
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— 2@2V4c for two-crown, 2?i@3e for
three-crown, 3V4@3?ic for four-crown, 4>,ic for
Seedless Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels
and.sl@lls for London layers; dried Grapes
2V4c. • V
, "Walnuts, 3@4c for hardshell, 4(f6c for
softshell; Almnnds, 3@4c for hardshell, 6@7c for
sof tshell, BVi<Q'9c for paper-shell Peanuts 4@
BV6c for Eastern and 4%c ! for California- Pe
cans, 6V4®Bc; Filberts, 9>*@loc; Brazil Nuts
B(g9c per lb; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 per 100.
HONEY— 9@loc for bright and 6®7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted. 5V»®
6c; light amber extracted, 4%@5&c per lb
■ BEESWAX— per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Cottolene In tierces is lower.
CURED. MEATS — Bacon, ;9c per lb for
heavy, ; 9V4c for . light medium, 10c for light,
lie for extra light and 12@12^c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10%@llc; Cali
fornia Hams, 9V&@loc; Mess Beef, $10 60 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef. $11; Family Beef, $12; Salt
Pork, $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear
$17@17 5,0; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12@12ftc per
lb. , -. i • . . . -
; LARD — Eastern, tierces quoted at 6c per lb
for . compound and 8c for pure; palls, B%c;
, California tierces, 6%c , per jlb for compound
and 7c for pure; half barrels, 7%c; 10-lb tins
8c; 5-lb tins, B%c. ■ . ,
1 COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%<?6 T packages,
less than 300 lbs— 1-lb pails, 60 in a case, 9VSc;
3-lb pails, 20 in a case, S%c; 5-lb pails. 12 in a
case, B%c; l(Mb pails, 6 in a case, S^c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden ■ buckets, 20
lbs net, BHc; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10%@llc; medium, 9%@10c; light, 9@3>,4c;
Cowhides, 9@9V4; Stags, 6Vic; salted Kip, 9@
9%c; Calf, 10c; dry Hides, sound, 16Vic; culls
and brands, !3%@14c: dry Kip Veal, 16c; dry
27^4<fi30e; medium, 50c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20@30c each;, short wool, 30@50c
each; medium, 60<g"80c; lone wool, 90c@$l 20
each; Horsehldes, salt, $2<g'2 50 for large and
iWI for small; Colts, 50c; Horsehides, dry, $2
for large and $1 for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3>A<B'3%c per lb,
No. 2, 2V 2 @3c; refined, 4Vi@4%c; Grease. 2c.
WOOL— Fall clips, Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
free Northern, 9@l2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9@lic; San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months', 8@10c; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12(f14c; do, defective, 10@12c;
Middle county, 13@16c; Humboldt and Mendt>
clno, 15@17c; Nevada. 10®14c; Eastern Oregon,
10@12c; Valley Oregon, 15@17c.
HOPS— IB 97 crop, S@l2Ho per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 5@5%c; Wool
Bags, nominal San Quentin, $4 85.
COAL—Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southfield Wellington. $7 50; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend,
$7 50; Cumberland, $10 25 In bulk and $11 50 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 CO; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
sacks'.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 7c; Powdered, 6V4c; Candy
Granulated, 6c; Dr,y Granulated, 5%c; Confec
tioners' A, svjc; Magnolia. A. 6%c; Extra C
5%c; Golden C, 6*4 c; California A, 5%c per lb;
half-barrels. %c more than barrels, and boxes
He more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— quality, 6%c; second quality,
6%c; third quality, 4®sc per lb.
' VEAL— Large, 4@sc; small, 6@7c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7&@Sc; ' Ewes. 7@7&c
per lb. •
LAMB— Spring, S@B^c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4Vi@4%c for large, s@s^4c
for medium and 4@4%c for small; stock Hogs,
2@3&c; dressed Hogs, 7@Bc.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, June 29.
Flour, qr sks ... 2,125 Hides, no 475
Wheat, ctls 320 ; Hay, tons 200
Barley, ctls ..... 835 Straw, tons 6
Vallow, ctls 214 Quicksilver, flsk. 155
Cheese, ctls 149 Wool, bales 166
utter, ctls 268 Wine, gals 24,750
Beans, sks 19 Raisins, bxs 250
Potatoes, sks ... 5,22fl Powder, cs 4
Onions, sks 723 Lumber, ft 33,000
Bran, sks 60 Eggs, doz ....... 17,640
Middlings, sks .. 75 Leather, rolls ... 66
Pelts, bdls 8,175 Lime, bbls 162
OREGON.
Flour, qr ska ... 1.822 phorts. ska" 1.250
Wheat, ctls 24.020 Oats, ctls 870
Middlings, sks .. 233 Bran, sks 1.870
UTAH.
Hay, tons 10 I.'. —
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was another bad shrinkage In mining
stocks yesterday. Con. Cal. and Va_ sold
down to lie and Sierra Nevada to 28a The
highest priced Comstock mine now Is Hale &
Norcrbss, which sold at 49c in the morning and
down to 40c in the afternoon. Based on yes
terday's quotations the whole Comstock lode la
now worth $200,000.
The Kentuck delinquent sales took place yes
terday.
Local securities were only moderately active
and prices showed no change.
The San Francisco Stock and Exchange
Board and the Pacific Stock Exchange will ad
journ at noon to-day until Tuesday morning,
July 6.
The Security Savings Bank has declared a
semi-annual dividend at the rate of 4 per cent
per annum on term deposits and 3 1-3 per cent
on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable
July 1.
In the Savage during the past week the main
went drift on the 13i>-foot level was cleunpd
out and repaired a distance of 10 feet; total
length 607 feet. Brunswick lode— The Joint
north drift on the Sutro tunnel level has been
cleaned out to the face, a distance of 14 teet,
and advanced 9 feet; total length 152 feet; face
In hard porphyry.
In the Crown Point mine the repairs to the
main shaft are progressing well and are near
ing completion.
In the Belcher mine, on the 1000-foot level,
the east crosscut from the main north lateral
drift Is now out 155 feet, 10 feet having been
made during the week; the face shows por
phyry- There have been hoisted and stored In
the ore house at the mine during the week 23
mining carloads of ore, the average top car
sample of which shows an assay value of
$18 92 per ton. The gross yield in bullion from
the 281 tons and 620 pounds of ore worked
by the Brunswick mill during the week was
$3290 28, the average battery sample of. the :
fame being $17 53 per ton.
The yield of the Overman mine for the week
ending June 25 amounted to 6 carloads of ore,
valued at $2$ 36 per ton. They have shipped
69 tons and 1490 pounds of accumulated ore to
the Brunswick mill for reduction. The ore
extracted during the week was taken from the
workings above tho north drift on the 900
foot level. There is no change in the condi
tion of the mine.
bTOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, June 29—2 p. m.'
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
is quar coup..lll>«iimi Pac Gas Imp.. 85% 86%
Is quar reg...110 110%!Pac L Co — 62
4s quar new...121tf,125V* iB F Q & E... 85% 5614,
Miscellaneous— |San Fran 3% 3%
! Cal-st Cab ss. 114% — Stock Gas 12 — •
1 Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance—
IC C Wat 55... 97%100 Firem's Fund. lßs —
i Dup-st ex c... — 98% Bank Stocks—
IE L & P 65. .12814 — Anglo-Cal .... R5 65
i F & Cl Ry 65.U3 113% Bank of Ca1. .243 — "
I Geary-"* R ss. — 100 Cal SD & T.. 97 100
!HC & S 5%5..100 105 First Nat 202% —
!L A L Co 6s. - 100 L,on P & A. ...123 130
Do gntd 6a.. — 103 Mer Exchange 10 15
! Market -Et 65.. 126 127% Nev Nat 8....155 165
I Do Ist M 65.. 113% — Savings Banks—
I Nat Yin 6s lets — 97% Ger S & L..1595 —
jNSNG Ry 75.103 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 65. .108 — Mutual Say. — 42%
:M Ry Cal 55.. 102 103 S F Say U.. 490 —
NPC R R 55. 101% — S& L 50.... — 100
I Oak Gas 55.... 100 — Security 8 B 250 —
Do 2d Is 55.. — 110% Union T Co. 1000 —
! Om Ry 6a 125^126 Street Railroad—
!P & O 6s 108%— Talifornla ....105 107
:P& Cl Ry 6s. — 112 Geary 40 —
Powell-st 6h...118%120 Market-st .... 63% 53%
Reno WL&L..IOO — Presidio — - 8%
Sac Elecßyss.loo — Powder—
IBF &N P 55.108%109 California ....120 160
SierraßCal 6s. — 103 E Dynamite... 85 90
6Pof Ar 65..105%106 Slant Con Co. 48% 48%
I 8 P Cal 65.... — 113 V'lporit 3^4 3%
BPC Is eg 5b.. 94 — Miscellaneous—
5 PBr 6s 112%— <U Pac Assn.. 93 94
R V Wat 65... 11674,117% Ocr Ld Wks.JlO —
6 V Wat 4b...102%103 Hana P C 0.... 11 12
Stock Gas 6b.. 100 — HC & S Co.. 23% 23%
Water Stocks— Hutch S P Co. 49% 50
Contra Costa.. 60 64% Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
i Marin Co 50 — Nat Yin C 0... — 7
Spring Valley. 9SV4. 99 Oceanic S Co. 59 60
Gas & Electric— Pac A F L.... 1% 2>4
Cent Gaslight. los — Pac Bot C 0.... — 103
Mutual El Co. — HVilPar Paint Co. 7 —
Dakland Gas.. 47% 48 I
Morning Session.
10 Spring Valley Water 98 12%
50 do do 8 5 98 12%
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 25
15 do do 23 37%
15000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 102 50
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 25
200 do do 8 30 86 00
C Giant Powder Con 48 37%
Afternoon Session.
$5000 S F & N P Ry Bonds 108 75
50 Giant Powder Con 48 BO
50 do do b 6 48 37V4
100 do do 48 37H
50 Vlgorit Powder 3 37>£
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 50
10 do do 23 87^
B0 Market-street Railway, b 30 53 75
Street—
60 Alaska Packers' Association 93 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
• Morning: Session.
BO Giant Powder C«n 48 50
16 Alaska Packers' Association 93 25
30 Oakland Gaslight 47 50
Afternoon Session.
$5000 Spring Valley Water 4s 102 00
15 Oceanic Steamship Co 69 50..
MINING STOCKS.
Following: were the sales in th« San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes 02 !«00 Mexican „ 06
100 Best & Belcher. 08 200 Occidental 61
100 Challenge 10 100 Ophlr 10
200 Con Cal & Va. . 12 100 Savage 02
400 Hale & Norcrs. 49 tOO Union Con 12
100 Justice 04 1
Afternoon Session.
1000 Best & Belcher 08 100 Justice. 03
50 09 100 Potosi 03
1500 Bullion 02 500 Savage 01
100 Chollar 04 550 Sierra Nevada.. 28
400 03 100 Union Con 11
200 Con Cal & Va. . 11 200 12
100 Confidence 17 100 Utah 01
200 Gould & Curry.. 06 400 Yellow Jacket... 09
100 Hale & Norcrs. 40 100 <jj
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Beat & Belcher. 08 200 Potosi 04
600 10 1500 Savage 01
200 Con Cal & Va.. 14 300 Sierra Nevada.. 34
100 13 200 33
700 Gould & Curry.. 05 200 32
800 Hale & Norcrs.. 60 500 Union Con 13
600 Mexican 06 300 n
200 Ophir 10 2100 Utah 01
200 09 300 Yellow Jacket... 10
500 Overman 03
Afternoon Session.
2500 Alta 02 300 Gould & Curry.. 06
400 Best & Belcher. 09 600 Kentuck 05
500 Bullion 01 500 Mexican 05
400 Caledonia 12 400 Potosi 02
1000 Chollar 02 r>oo Savage 02
60 01 1 200 Sierra Nevada. . 31
200 Con Cal & Va.. 13 200 Union Con 12
200 11600 13
1000 Crown Point ... 02
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, June 2t) — 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask., Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 02 1 Julia — 01
Alta 02 03 ' Justice 01 02
Andes — 04 Kentuck 03 05
Belcher 02 03 Lady Wash ... — 02
Best & Belcher 09 10 Mexican 05 06
Bullion 01 02 Occidental 55 65
Caledonia 11 12 Ophir OS 09
Chollar 01 02 Overman 03 05
Challenge Con. 07 08 Potoui 03 04
Confidence — 18 Savage 01 03
Con Cal & Va. 12 13 Segr Belcher ... 03 05
Con Imperial .. — 01 Scorpion — 02
Crown Point ..02 03 Bierra Nevada. 28 29
Con New York. — 02 Silver HilL .... 03 04
Eureka Con ... — 20 Syndicate — 02
Exchequer — OS Union Con 12 13
Gould & Curry. 05 06 Utah 01 02
j Hale & Norcrs. 41 45 Yellow Jacket. 09 10
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Estate of Margaret Wiekman (by William
J. and James F. Wickman. trustees) to W.
J. J. and Emilia A. Wickman and Genrglna A.
O'Neil, lot on S line of Oak stree, 155:9 E of
Franklin. E 44, S 70, W 22, S 10, W 22, N SO;
also lot on SW corner of Mansell and Uni
versity streets, W 120 by S 100, lot 1, block 124,
University Homestead, trust deed; $ .
Michael J. and Mary K. Haley to Louis C.
Winkelman, lot on N\V corner of Filbert and
Octavla streets, W 37:6 by N 100: $10.
City and County of San Francisco to F. N.
Belgrano, lot on S line of Union street, 100 E
0/ Lasruna, E 25 by S 137:6; $ .
. F. N. and Emilia A. Belgrano to Guadalupe
Baclgalupt, same (not acknowledged, quit
claim deed; $5.
Isaac Neuberger to Henriette Bine, lot on N
line of Post street, 206:3 W of Octavia, W 25:10
by N" 120; $10.
Louis C. and Mary V. Winkelman to Michael
J. and Mary K. Haley, lot on W line of La
guna street, 120 N of Vallejo, N 30, W 125, S
12:6. E 56:3, S 17:6, E 65:9: $10.
Estate of Bertha Murr iby L. Murr, trustee)
to Joseph Murr, lot on SE corner of Post and
Webster streets. S 24:6 by E 89:6: $7000.
Mary T. Maison to Leon A. Maison, lot on
S line of McAllister street. 137:6 W of Pierce,
W 47 by S 137:6; also all her interest In prop
erty of grantee; $3000.
William and Caroline T. Nicol to James
Rolph, lot on W line of Willard or North Wil
lard street. 75 S of McAllister, S 25 by W S6;
$10.
Hetty T. W r illard to George R. Williams, all
interest in blocks 1, 2. 3, 69 to 73, 155 to 15S. 235
to 245, 322, 321, 329, 330. 331, 337, Peter Smith
Map; $125.
Thaddeus B. Kent to Edward B. Pond, lot
on N corner of Harrison and Essex streets,
NT 100 by NE 107:6: $10.
John Center to John E. and Catharlna Nie
land. lot on W line of Bryant street, 175 S of
A. K. P. Harmon and Etta H. Edwards to
George Rlley, lot on S line of M street. 57:6 W
of Tenth avenue, W 50 by S 100: $10.
Stanford Addition Land Company to Annie
E. Bryant, lot 49, block 130, Sunnyside Addition
No. 1; $10.
Estate of Adolph Sutro (incompetent) (by
Emma L. Merrltt, guardian) to Frederick W.
Stanford, lot on SE corner of Holloway and
Arlington streets, S 300. E 112:6, S 150. E 112-6
N 450, W 225, lots 18 to 48. block 27, Lakeview
$4650.
H. W. Taverner and Clara H. Shortt to Hi
bernia Savings and Loan Society, lot on W
line of Sixteenth avenue, 271:1 S of. California
street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Alameda County.
Isabel A. Baldwin to Lizzie D. Trowbridge
(wife of H. O.). lots 22 to 26, 61 to 65,
block D, Oakland View Homestead
Association, all that part of lot 27 In block
D. bounded as follows, beginning at N W cor
ner lot 61. thence to NW cor lot 26, thence to
SW corner thereof, thence SW to beginning,
Oakland. $10.
John H Wheeler to Frances V Wheeler, lot
on N line of Sycamore st., 132 W of Grove,
W 25 by N 100, Oakland, gift.
Williete C Johnson to Louisa M Orth, lot on
SE corner Myrtle st and Railroad ay., S 92-4%
E 25 S 97:3, w to beginning. Oakland. $10.
Theodore and Ida Wagner to Nathan T .Smith,
lots 8 and 9, block 3, Dowling Tract, Berkeley
$200.
A. E. Shaw and Elmhurst Land Company to
Angeleo del Monte, lot 74. Elmhurst Park No.
2, Brooklyn Townsh* . $10.
W. E. Belllna to R. S. Farrelly, lot onS
line C St., 310, W of Third *t.. W 50 by S 190
town of Haywards, Eden Township. $10.
William Ede to C. B. Williams, lot 25, sec
tion 30, 'Masonic Cemetery; $53. .
Builders' Contracts.
Paul Strickert (owner) with Phillip Schweier
(contractor), architects Salfleld & Kohlberg,
all work for a three-story frame building on
E line of Stevenson street, 110 N of Ridley N
25 by E 72:6. "
«■ ♦ — •
THE CALL CALENDAR.
June. 1898.
Wo
1
Sa.
i
11
13
25
Moon's Phase*
©Full Mooa.
vi' June 4.
8
U
IT
10
23
80
/ffrL&st Quarter.
June la
y^v New Moon,
v/ June 18.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve. minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
JUNE— IS9S.
Thursday, June 30.
Sun rises 4:50
Sun sets 7:.1 i
Moon sets 1:18 a. m.
H W
iH W
2:25'
3:18
4:09
4:57
5:44
6:29
t W
—0.1
—0.6
—1.1
—1.3
—1.3
9:-
10:-
11::
12:
IS
!:•
3.7
8.9
4.1
1:29
2:27
3:25
4:21
6:18
6:16
H W
2:20
3.1
8.1
Z.I] 7:47!
3.1 8:39
3.2 9:32
3.2 10:27
3.1 11:22
2.9
L W
4.9 7:19
6.0
6.2
6.2
6.2
6.1
7::
< 2.8
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning titles are {riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Tho
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when thPre are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branrh Hydroffraphic Office, TJ. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, June
29, 1898.
The time ball service on Telegraph Hill Is
discontinued from this date.
The .time ball on the Ferry building, at the
foot of Market street, will be the official time
ball on and after July 1, 1898.
CHAS. F. WELCH.
Knslrn (retired), U. S. N., in charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office., located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
A notice stating -whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error, if any, Is
published the same day by t/ie afternoon papers
and by the morning pavers the following day.
C. P. WELCH. Ensign, U. S. N., In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Ti tania ' Nanairr.o I June 30
Acapulco I Panama 1 June 30
Pomona. San Dirgro June30
Crescent City.. [Crescent City June 30
City of Panama San Jose de Guatemala. June 30
Scotia Humboklt iJuly 1
Umatllla VlctoFi:i & Puget SoundiJuly 1
Arcata ICoos Bay iJuly 1
Empire Coos Bay |July 1
Homer (Newport (July 2
Bristol Comox IJuly 2
Chllkat Humbr.idt IJuly 2
Ruth ITillanri'-'Ok IJuly S
StateCallfornla|Portlar.d jjuly 3
Santa Rosa ISan Piefro IJuly 4
City oC Rio iChinn & Japan IJuly 5
Orizaba jHumb^ldt IJuly 5
Coos Bay [Newport July 6
Queen.: IVlctoria & Puget SoundiJuly 6
Fulton [Portland [July 7
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails. I Pier.
ine 30. 9 am Pier 11
ine 30, 10 am Pier 9
lly 1. 12 mlPMSS
ily 1. 10 amiPier 9
lly 2. 10 am|Pler 12
ily 2, 11 amiPler 11
i!y 3, 9 amiPler 2
ily 3. 10 am|Pler 13
ily 4. 9amlPlerll
ily 4, 9 amlPier 13
ily 6, 10 amiPler 9
ily 6 |
ily 6. 11 amiPler 11
Coos Bay... Newport
Walla Wall Vic & Pst Sd.
Cy Panama Panama
Orizaba [HumbcHt
Columbia ..Portland
Pomnna San DleRO
North Fork. HumboUft ....
Arcata Cooa Bay
Homer Newport
Chllkat .... Humbolilt ....|
ITmatilla ..|Vlc. & Pgt Sd!
Cleveland ..jAlaska I
Santa Rosa'Snn I1iP«o !
State of Cal [Portland I
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, June 29
Stmr Alameda, Van Oterendorp, 23 days frm
Sydney, via Honolulu 6 days 17%^ hours
Stmr Willamette, Hansen, SO hours from
Seattle.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 22 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Washtennw, Crosscup, 80 hours from
Tacoma. Oakland direct.
Stmr Columbia. Goodall, 49^ hours from
Portland, via As'-^ria 40 hours.
Stmr Orizaba, Shea, 20 hours from Eureka
Stmr Signal, HondegarJ, 3 days from Wil
lapa Harbor.
Br ship Swanhilda, Fraser, 70 days from
Newcastle, NSW.
Bktn Gardiner City. Palmgren, 70 hours frm
Grays Harbor.
Bktn Tropic Bird, Jackson, 44 days from
Tahiti.
Schr Excelsior, Burmeister, 7 days frm Port
Ludlow.
Bohr Newark, Beck, 15 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, 18 hours from
Flsks Mill.
Schr Laura May, Hansen, 12 days from
Everett
' 1
Schr Corinthian, Korth, 14 hours from Bow
ens Landing.
Schr James A Garfleld, Lewis. 82 hours from J
South Bend.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, June 29.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria and
Port Townsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Haw stmr San Mateo. Fletcher, Comox; P I
Co.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Warner. Clipperton ,».
Islands: Macondray & Co. - * I
Br bark Francis Fisher, Nicholls, Port Town- -.«
send; Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday June M,
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr Sunol, Dettmers.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwing, Fort Bragg.
btmr Fulton, Mclntyre, Portland and way %.
ports.
Stmr Newport, Saunders. Manila via Hono
*ik.tn Ruth, Challeston, St Michael.
■ g c £ r Twilight. H^nsen, Eureka.
Schr J G Wall, Bjornstrom.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS-June 29, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind gr- r.w| tv ' Ifi m >{ es .
-- ao . MISCELLANEOUS..
The schr Elua Miller, irom San Francisco
£"?'%, 'I £ t rf°£ Blakeley. reports in lat 43 19 f
i\ ion,, us 51 . saw a vessel bottom up. ap
parently new; keel coppered; stem loaded.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Re dZ,lVo r D^°n^^ J»ne2B-SchrF 8
T^™£n A 7^ d m^ 29 ~ Stmr EMhU
ki^S R s^l^,. June *- 8to * °* uUto
EUREKA— Arrived June 29-Stmr Scotia, ho
Juno li.
NEWPORT-Arrived June 29-Schr Bertha
Dolbcer, from Eureka.
COOS BAY- Sailed June 29-Stmr Empire for
Pan Francisco.
SEATTLE-Salled June 29-Jap Btmr Kinshu
Maru, for Yokohama.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived June 2S— Ship
Slntram, from Departure Bay.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived June IS— Ship W F
Babcock, from Honol 'v. 24— Haw bark Nuna
nu, from Kahului. 27— Bark Adam W SDiea.
from Hllo.
FOREIGN -ports.
SYDNEY— Arrived June s— Nic bktn Wrest
ler, from Cowlchan.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed May 10 —Br
ship King David, for San Francisco. 14— Br
ship British Isles, for San Francisco; ship John
C Potter, for Honolulu. 17— Br bark Canrobert
for San Francisco; Br bark Martha Fisher for
San Francisco. June 2— Br bark Inverurie, for
San Francisco; Br ship Harland. for San Fran
cisco. 3— Br ship Earl of Dalhousie, for San
Francisco.
In port June 6— Br ship Asplce, for San
Francisco; Chil bark Bundaleer, for San Fran
cisco; Br bark Caithness-shire and bark Cnlu
sa, for Honolulu: Br ship Duchalburn. for San
Francisco; schr E X Wood, for Honolulu- Br
ship Euterpe, for Honolulu; Ital bark Guisen
pe. for San Francisco: Br bark Ilala. for Una
laska: Br bark Inversnaid, for San Francisco
schr J M Weatberwax, for Honolulu; Ital bark
Mario, for San Francisco; Br ship Mayfleld for
ban Francisco; Ital bark Tonic. for San Fran
cisco; Br ship Vincent, for San Francisco; Br
ship Waterloo, for San Francisco.
Chartered to load at Newcastle, NSW— Br
ship Annesley. Br ship Aspice, Chil bark Bun
daleer, Br bark Calthnes=-shire, Br ship Pu
chalburn, Br ship Fannie Kerr. Haw ship
Fort George, Br ship Mayfleld, Ital bark
Guiseppe. Br bark Inverlochy. Br bark Inver
snaid, Ital bark Mario, bktn Omega, bark
Oregon, Chil ship Star of Italy. Br ship
Thornliebank. Br ship Vincent and Br ship
Waterloo, for San Francisco: bktn Charles F
Crocker, bark Colusa. schr E X Wood. Br shin
Euterpe. Br bark Fantisi, schr Golden Shore
schr J M Weatherwax, hark McNear and bark
Harvester, all for Honolulu: Br ship Clack
mannan.=htro and Br ship Posiedon. for Oreeon
HONOLULU— Arrived June 18— Br Btmr
tic, from Yokohama. 20— Bktn Klikitat, from
Port Ludlow. 22— Br stmr Moana, hence June
16: bktn Eureka, from Eureka; Br bark Otter
spool, from Liverpool.
Sailed June I*— Bark Alden Besre. for Ran
Francisco; Br stmr Coptic, for San Francisco
22— Br stmr Moana. for Sydney
VANCOUVER— Arrived June 29— Br Btmr
Empress of China, from Hongkong and Yoko
hama.
HONGKONG— SaiIed June 25— Haw stmr Az
tec, for San Francisco.
NAGASAKI— PaIIed May 31— Br ship John
Cooke. for Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed June 2S— Br stmr Ga
elic, for San Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed June 29— Stmr Teutonics,
for Liverpool; stmr Southwark. for Antwerp
MESSlNA— Arrived June 28— Stmr Karamlna.
from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed June 29-Stmr Pavo
nia, for Boston.
BALTIMORE— SaiIed June 29— Stmr Mun
chen, for Bremen.
AMSTERDAM— Arrived June 29— Stmr Werk-_
endam. from New York.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived June 29— Stmr Rot-^
terdam. from New York. w
SOUTHAMPTON'— SaiIed June 29— Str Lahn,
for New York.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived June 29— Stmr Inl
and, from New York.
OCEAU TSAVEXi.
PM iPatfliP salls via Honolulu
3«f|sliL- l!ls vla Honolulu and
["SB Auckland for Sydney
■ _^ — pv. Wednesday, July 13, at
rtilMinSOlD^ Lin^'to COOLGAR-
Cy >^m«-.K,i DIE - Australia, and
(Ofnouß«* CAPE town, south
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— Market St., San, Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
t-. Steamers leave Broadway
v^Nr i, tl wharf, San Francisco.
BB^atWfc. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
' NP^jntMa June ■'• 10 - 15 20. 25. 0 . July 8
||E|^gHS transfer at Seattle.
IRsvß? jftl For Alaskan port! (from
HJgSßi^gßßa Folsom-street wharf). 10 a. m.,
r 8 " B^^^?^ June 5. 26. July 17, August 4,
.-c.l 25, transfer at Portland, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C) Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett.
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m June 6, 10. 15. 20, 25, 30, July 6, and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and Q. N.
Ry.. at Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver
For Eureka " (Humbpldt Bay), 10 a. m..
June % 7. 13. 19. 25. July 1. and every sixth
day thereafter. ... -
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Can'a -n' is, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavieta, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., June 2, 6. 10, 14, IS. 22. 26. 10,
July 4 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11
a. m.. June 4, 8. 12. 16. 20. 24. 23. July 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
Ma and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., June 17.
July 2.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company . reserves the right to changa^^
without previous notice steamers, sailing datei^^
ar* bours of snlline-. ,
TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery 5
street (Palace Hotel). ■■ '.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Arts..
•;.;;• ■■.;.;• ■ 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
MBPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
P> O R. T L J± IsT ID
From Folsoci-Btreet Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARC $12 First Class Including BertH
IHiIC $8 Second Class and" Meal*.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia July 2. 10, 18. 26
State of California..... July 6. 14. 22 30
St. Paul $16 00 St. Louis $32 0)
Kansas City 26 00 Chicago 27 50
Omaha 26 00 New York ....... 31 00
E. C. WARD, General, Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL. . PERKINS & C 0. .- , ■."■'■
Superintendents. ' •
Compagnie Generate Transatlantic
French Line to Havre. ,; .^.-.
Company's Pier (new), 42 Norti -P-nay
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers^frfcr
by this line avoid both transit _by ■» ■■ ■■■
English railway and the discomfort of crossing J
the channel in a small boat. New ' York to
, Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class. $160;
second class. $116. . . _ , '
LA BOURGOGNE vl 7 2, 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE J V ly ,l' }% *• BU
LA NORMANDIE i ul , y 1«. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE July 23. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE • ..July 30, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. A^ent. :
' No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
' J F FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
s've.. San Francisco. .■ ■ - a
DIRECT TO PARIS. LONDON. HAMBURG.
F". Bismarck.... July 281 F. Bismarck. . 15 .
A. Victoria... August lit A: Victoria Sept. 8
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
Pretoria July 9|Phoenida. July 30
Fatrla...... July 16|Pennsylvania...Aug. 6
Hamburg-American Line, 37 Broadway N. Y. %
HERZOG & CO., General Agents Paciflo Coast.
401 California St., cor. Sansome, San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO. ,{
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues. Wed.. Thurs. and 5at..........
9:45 a. m. 2:15 p. m. '8:30 p. m. ex. Than.)
Fridays .........;..... 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ..;......10:30 a. m and 8 p. a.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pit* ».
| Telephone Red 2241.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
FOUND HIS
CHILDREN IN
SAN LEANDRO
A Millionaire Tracks
His Ex- Wife.
SHOT HIS HOME DESTROYER
CARRIES HIS CONTEST INTO THE
ALASIEDA COURTS.
Spends a Largo Fortune Hunting His
Children, and Their Mother Will
Now Fight to Retain
Them.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, June 2s.
After searching for four months
through two republics Joel J. Hurt, one ]
of the wealthiest and best known men of !
the State of Wyoming, found his three
little daughters this afternoon In th.c cus
tody of their mother at San Leandro.
Gavin McNab, who, with Milton S. Green,
Is Mr. Hurt's attorney, declares that
he has sacrificed not less than fc.VO.guo in
trying to recover his children.
As soon as they were found a writ of
habeas corpus was issued by Judge Og
den and a couple of Deputy Sheriffs at
once went to San Leandro and brought
the children and their mother into court.
About fifteen years ago Mr. and Mrs.
Hurt lived near Cheyenne, where they
were married. He owned some of the
largest, stock ranches in the State and
is a very prominent man in that section.
He has figured largely in politics, has
held several high offices and on three dif
ferent occasions has been nominated for
Governor, but has always declined the
honor. At the present time no one is bet
ter known i:i his State than Joel Hurt.
For several years after their marriage
the domestic life of the Hurts was all
that could be desired. Three little girls
into the faih..y anu are now aged
■ 11, 9 and 7. 'ihey are all very in
telligent anu bright ana give evidence of
having been wen educated and reared in
iuxury.
About two years ago a man who was
under obligations to Hurt became ac- i
quamted with the tatter's wife. He paid
her much attention and finally succeeded
In severing the happy domestic relations
that had existed between her and her
huscanii for many years. Hurt la a Vir
ginian and las larnhy pride prevented him
li'um making his unhappiness public lor
borne time alter he discovered tan perfidy
01 his iaise friend: At last the scandal
became so pronounced that Hurt and his
wile separated and he brought a suit for ;
divorce on serious grounds, including un- j
laithfulnevs. Anxious to prevent a blot i
funowing ins children through life on ac
count 01 their mother's sin, Hurt agreed
to a incdiiication of the aecree, and on
her rruiuise to inaintaln a home In which !
the children should be free from evil in
fluence and be given good education, he
consented Lhat me decree awarding him j
a divorce should be so drawn as to per- i
mit the mother to retain the custody of j
his children.
After a. mtle 'while he discovered proof
that the assuiances of his ex-wife were
nut being kept, and. on the case bell re
opened in court the decree was so modi
lied -is to give trie t'uiher absolute pos
session and custody or the children. This
decree was never enforced, because last
February, alter its modification, Mrs.
Hurt took the three little ones — Juste,
Eva and Kittle— and commenced the lon
chase that ended to-day.
After the divorce was granted to Hurt
there was a tragedy. The man who ha
spoiled Hurt's home and blighted hi life
and ruined his family showed a contempt
for the injured man's feelings, and on
several occasions tried to provoke a quar
rel. Three different times the defame
attempted to draw his gun on Hurt. At
last he got his reward. He met Hurt on
the street, attempted his old tactics of
provoking a quarrel, and before anybody
was aware that the two men were quar
reling. Hurt's enemy lay dead on the side
walk with a bullet through his heart. The
circumstances were considered so justi
fiable that nothing was done with Hurt,
and all Wyoming commended the action
which his Virginian blood had prompted.
As soon as Hurt was aware that his ex
wife had levanted with the children he
employed Pinkerton's agency to follow
her. After a short time the woman and
children were located in Colorado, and at
once a writ of habeas corpus was pro
cured, compelling her to produce them in
court, in accordance with the order of the
Wyoming court. While this case was
pending, the woman cleared out again and'
Hurt heard nothing of her or her children
till they were located at San Leandro.
The father learned some months ago
that his ex-wife had married a man
named Alfonso Shaeffer. For a long time
he refused to believe that such was the
case for to his personal knowledge Shaef
fer had been convicted of a felony. Hurt,
on one occasion, was In the courtroom at
Cheyenne when Shaeffer was convicted of
grand larceny. The knowledge that his
three little ones were in the custody of his
ex-wife and Shaefter spurred him on to
redouble his efforts to recover them,
knowing that they could not be sur
rounded by the best influences.
From Colorado Shaeffer, the woman
and children journeyed through Mexico
and back Into California, but the detect
ive* were not able to come up to them.
Hurt had prepared the way for this long
journey of his ex-wife and Shaeffer by
a. liberal appropriation he made her at the
time the divorce was granted. When she
assured him that the children should be
well cared for, he settled on her $:0.000
and allowed her $75 a month alimony. This
alimony ceased an soon as he knew she
was married to Shaeffer, and with the
balance of the $20,000 they have been flying
through the two republics. . _. -,
The ultimate discovery of the Shaeffers
and the little Hurts came about in a
Roundabout manner. With the Wyoming
troops which came to California a few
weeks Ego were some men who had
known Shaeffer at Cheyenne. Hearing a
little and suspecting the rest, tney com
municated with nurt and San Francisco
Plnkerton agency was set to work, and
in a few days they located the family at
8 Whcn tne°'case came up before Judge
Oeden this afternoon Gavin McNab stated
to the court that they were very anx
i n« for a, speedy hearing of the writ, as
the petitioner had succeed in business
interest* and actual expenses not less
than $2QOjOOO._ waß ,nt, n t
aoDel'red to be very much excited. There
< .JSZL Annht as to whether she in en-
Urely competent mentally. She Informect
Jud/e Ogden that she had no counsel and
♦ hat any witnesses she might have were
in Wyoming The Judge told her that n c
wi no authority over any witnesses in
Wyoming but that he would continue the
case till to-morrow so that she might en
case coun-,-1. A little later Judge Gibson
Reared and stated that he represented
the respondent. Mrs. Shaeffer He de
sired a little time to look Into the cas«,
and asked that It go over till to-morrow.
Attorney McNab agreed to this continu
ance if the children should be kept In the
custody of the Sheriff, because he feared
that in view of former experience Mrs.
Shaeffer would again try to take the
young ones out of the jurisdiction of the !
cc Vi r reply to a question by the court, Mrs.
Rhaeffer said that she had exhausted all
her means and that she would not take
the children away. Judge Ogden tenderly
told her that although he might believe
her the allegation that she had once
evaded a court was sworn to and that he
was bound to take cognizance of it. Sher
iff White was then required to keep the
children in the Chabot Home and to pro
duce them in court to-morrow morning.
Mr McNab authorized the court to Incur
any expense that might be necessary in
looking after the children's welfare and
safety, saying that their father would b«
only too glad to pay it. ■' • '. i • '.
At this point the children realized that
they v.-ere to he separated from their
mother. Whatever may have been her
past Indiscretion!!, it was made very plain j
that there is a linn bon<Vof affection be
tween mother and children which la re
turned. When they commenced to cry
and place their arms around her neck she
comforted then-, by saying that wherever
they went she would go also, and that li |
she were not admitted inside she would si'
on the door step till they came out. Shaef- !
fer sat by his wife in the court room and
was very nervous. None of the children
paid the slightest attention to him o\
even acknowledged his presence, but It
moat assuredly broke their little hearts
when they realized that they must part
from their mother for one night and pos
sibly forever.
There will be a bitter legal contest to
morrow morning when the case is called.
Joel Kurt v.-.is in the Sheriff s office to-day I
waiting to be called should the case have
been tried. His attorneys are not anxious
for him to meet Shaeffer. Hurt is a de
termined looking man, about 40 years ot I
age, ar.d has been rendered desperate a» j
to consequences on account of his great
regard for his children and his naturally
proud nature. j
Mrs. Shaeffcr tells a story that differs
in . many particulars from that circulated
by Hurt.
"Ever since our divorce," she said to- :
n.pht. 'Hurt has persecuted ■.■■, and at
the time I left Wyoming the children
were legally in my custody in accordance
with the decree of the court.
"1 he young man he shot did not deserve
1..,, so treated. His name was Robert
.Miller., and he was but twenty-seven
years old when he was killed. He had !
been brought up for some years in our
house In Wyoming, and was a very decent '
young fellow. At the time he was shot I
he was walking along the street with |
his overcoat buttoned up and my husband
grabbed him and a minute later shot
him. My husband has stated that he i
Save me J20.000 when we separated, but '
all he gave me was a house that was j
afterward sold for $1200. I have always
treated my children right and 1 shall .
fight to the bitter end before I let him 1
have them."
Shaefftr says he is a carpenter and a
good workman, and quite able to support
his wife. He -ays Hurt is circulating ...
lot of stories that are not true, and says !
« ♦w oe !,- not fear anything at the hands
of the W yomtng cattle king.
PIONEER KIMBALL DIES.
Built Many Early Rssidences on Both
Sides of the Bay.
OAKLAND, June 19.— Lev! W. Kimball,
a pioneer, died at his home last night.
He was born in New Hampshire Beventy
two years ago. and came to California
with his brothers, who were builders and
contractors in early days. They erected
the old McClun .Military Academy, the
Brayton School and the First Methodist
Church in this city. They came to Oak
land at about the same time as th< late
Frederick Delger. and. like him. Invest
ed in real estate and thereby became rich.
In lSt>7 the deceased and his brothers pur
chased the old Spanish grant know
the National Ranch, near San Diego,
upon which National City has since been
laid out. They were largely inter
in the development of the olive industry
in Southern California.
BURNED TO DEATH.
A Young Wife the Victim of a Kero-
scne Explosion.
OAKLAND. June 29.— Mrs. G. W. Groom
was so seriously burned last night by the
explosion of a kerosene stove that she
died a few hours after the accident.
Mrs. Groom lived with her husband at
Danville. They were married about two
years ago, and have a little child. Last
Dg as sh^ was preparing supper it
is supposed she turned on the ken
and left the stove for a minute. \Vh>
returned and applied the match the]
an explosion, which proved fatal. Mrs.
Groom is the daughter of William Simp
son, a rancher, of Pleasanton. She was
only 2o years of age and was very
lar in the country district around her
home.
Francis Stiil Heals.
OAKLAND. June 39.— Healer Francis?
continues to hold meetings every i:i#ht In
the tent at Fourteenth and Broadway,
and many cures are n ported. There is ;>
large attendance every night, and al
though there are some failures, many are
found who gladly testified to having
cured of deafness, partial paralysl; and,
in one instance, of blindness in one
Dr. Sawyer Goes South.
OAKLAND, June 29.— Rev. Dr. Sawyer,
who succeeded Rev, Edwards Davis a
few months ago at the Central Chr
Church, left to-day t.> accept a pastorate
at Wataonville. Dr. Sawyer bad some
trouble about his salary with the Oak
land congregation and was vry willing
to accept the southern church, which is
said to be flourishing financially.
Bonds Taken Slowly. "
OAKLAND. June 29.— The subscriptions
in Oakland to the 3 per cent war bonds
have not been so rapid as was expected.
The Oakland Bank of Savings and the
First National Bank report that there is
the least demand for the bonds of small
denomination*.
Oakland News Notes.
! OAKLAND, June Austin Bailey, the lire
man who was Injured at the Sixth-street fire
several weeks ago. has been attacked by par
: alysis and is now delirious. Dr. Kltchings
thinks the accident caused a blood clot on the
: fireman's brain.
Ed Well was fined $20 to-day for cruelty to a
cow. In crossing a street naar Haywards he
' pulled the rope on the cow' 8 horns co cruelly
! that the horns were partly Jerked oft the ani
mal's head. A (Warrant has been Issued for his
| father for the same crime.
j The Fifth ward supporters of Mr. Davis or
ganized last night for the campaign. It was
stated that the Second ward club roll has 111
' names and the Fourth ward over 200.
Attorney P. F. Dunne of the firm of Dunne
* McPik«i was quietly married in this city to
Miss Annie Haennlen by Rev. Dr. Ritchie of
St. Paul's Church.
The condition of Senator Eli E. Denison is
i practically unchanged, and although his physi
cians remain in constant attendance they be
lieve that he will recover.
C. H. Redington has brought suit against
' A. H. Breed to recover a Judgment for $5623.
I The transaction has passed through several
' hands and concerns the transfer of a. block of
: land in Highland Park.
Dr. and Mrs. R. F. Coyle were tendered a
reception In the parlors of the First Presby
terian Church last night. They have Just re
turned from the East and were received by a
: large gathering of their parishioners.
Chief of Police Fletcher will recommend to
the Police Commission that a revolver of some
particular Ktyle be adopted by them, and that
all members of the force be required to pro
cure the regulation weapon.
Edmond -gather, while firing a toy cannon,
was badly burned yesterday by the explosion
'of the same. He was bending over the toy to
see why It didn't go off.
A Bicycle Collision.
ALAMEDA, June 29.— About 9:30 o'clock
last evening there was a collision be
tween a tandem bicycle, on which were
two unknown men, and a wheel ridden
by R. H. Fallmer of 1122 Court street.
The tandem was demolished, but it Is be
lieved the riders escaped unharmed. Fall
mer, however, was thrown heavily to the
ground and rendered unconscious. He
was taken to a physician's office and re
storatives applied. He was painfully in
jured about the face, but will recover.
It Is said that he was riding without a
light and was on the wrong side of the
street. On the other band, he claims
that the tandem had no light.
Red Cross Baseball.
ALAMEDA, June 29.— A game of base
ball for the benefit of the Red Cross So
ciety has been arranged for Saturday
afternoon, July 9, at Enclnal Park, be
tween nines from Halcyon Parlor, N. S.
G. W.. of this city and Athens Parlor of
Oakland. A great deal of sport is an
ticipated, as the- men on both sides have
about an equal lack of knowledge of the
national game.
Alameda News Items.
I ALAMEDA, June 29.— Rev. F. 8. Brush '■
has been disabled for some time from a
j painful injury to his foot, resulting from
a trifling knock given it while using a
i rocking chair. He is obligea to use
crutches In getting about.
Marriage licenses have been issued for
: Charles O. Tilton and Florence O. Hoag
j and Junea Roman and Tina Vergez.
i Thomas Gardiner, the city street sprink
'■ ler, reports that he was held up on the
county road near Fruitvale on Sunday
i night and robbed of a diamond ring and
a gold watch worth $125. There Is no
i clew to the thief.
Treasurer Wheeler will pay all the war-
I rants drawn against the $500 appropriated !
! by the City Trustees for the use of Com
pany G. He finds that he has no dls- i
i cretion when a properly drawn warrant i
is presented to him.
Mrs. D. W. Martin was painfully in
jured In a runaway accident near Camp
Barrett last evening. Her husband waa
also bruised considerably.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 30, IS9B.
RUFFIN HAD
TWO WIVES
The Divorced One Came
as a Boarder.
DISCOVERY IN SAN RAFAEL
MRS. EVA ItUFFIN ASKED FOR
AN EXPLANATION. .
She Was Told That the Guest Had
Been Her Husband's Former
Wife — They Left
Together.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. June 20.
Eva Ruffin, a handsome young woman,
who is now residing with her mother in
this city, was granted a divorce to-day
from Richard TV. RulFm. because of many
acts of his which do not become an hon
orable husband.
About a year ago a Miss Mitchell board
ed with Mr. and Mrs. Ruftin at their
home in San Rafael. The guest remained
with them throughout one summer, and
finally departed for the East. This de
parture, however, proved to be only a
ruse to throw Mrs. Ruflin off the right
track, for Miss Mitchell only went as far
as Sixteenth street and then returned.
A little later Mrs. Ruiun's suspicions
that all was not right in her husband's
conduct led her to make some inquiry,
and she discovered that on one occasion
"Richard r.uffln and wife" had registered
at a San Francisco hotel. As Mrs. Ruttin
had never been there she asked her hus
band for an explanation, and Rufiin stated
that Miss Mitchell had forced him to
write the word "wife" under threat of
exposing his duplicity.
This explanation led to another, -which
fairly astounded Mrs. Eva Ruffin. Her
husband told her that prior to his 'mar
riage with her he had been the husband
of Miss Mitchell, and that they had been
divorced. This was the first time Mrs.
Ruflin knew she had. married a man who
had previously tried matrimony and
failed.
After these discoveries Ruffin left Oak
land for Redding, telling his wife he was
going to Shasta, While at Redding he
was accompanied by the lady whom he
said was bis first wife, and who had
boarded at their San Rafael home. After
floating a few "loans" in Redding, on the
pretext of a mining scheme, he attempted
to leave the State, and was arrested and
taken back to Redding, and- since that
time nothing has been heard of him. Mrs,
Ruffin was given permission 10 resume
her maiden name of Eva Nelson.
Is Heir to an Estate in Germany.
BERKELEY, June 23.— For the fourth
time een in < 'allfornia < larl
i !, i [elnrich, teacher of G i the
Berkeley Hlprh School, has succeeded in i
locating :i losi estate in Germany for a I
California heir. The fortunate Individ
ual this time Is Charles Voht of 2013
Bei h le . .■ ay. a si ud< nt In the middle
class \ School. Volz
has been studying German lately under
Professor Helnrlch. Somp tim< ago Volz
ned to mi i lually that his
mother, Mrs. Margaret Sullivan, had a
letter at hi. me which came from Ger
many and which he I t was of some
value. Th< i I ir took the matter in
hand and found that Volz, who left
Pnryxheim, Germany, in 1861, ha<\ an es
tate there. Aa a consequence young Volz
has been requested to claim his property.
Will Use Shattuck Hall.
BERKELEY, ' ladies of
the Berkeley branch of the Red Cross
Society will serve their Fourth of July
Bupper in Shattuck Hall Instead of at th<'
headquarters In the Hinkel block. This
change baa been ma«ie possible through
the generosity of P. K. Shattuck, who to
day offered the society the use of the hall
of charge. Supper Will be laid in
the iarj."' banqueting room adjoining the
main hall, and served from 3 till lv
o'clock. Tickets are to be on sale to
morrow at headquarters and at different
a in the town. Over 1000 have been
printed and the lied Cross workers are
anxious to dispose nf them all.
University Register Is Issued.
BERKELEY, Juno 29.— The register of
the University of California for the year
1897-98 was issued to-day. It is printed
this year, for th<* first time, at the Uni
versity In ss, on the college grounds, and
contains lOv more pages than usual. The
summary of students at the end of the
book shows a tot;,] of 1665 in the colleges
nt Berkeley and 2391 In the entire univer
sity. The numbefs last year were 14!^S
and 221?., respectively. The proportion of
women students in the collegia at Berke
ley Is much larger than ever before.
Municipal Finances.
BERKELEY, June 29.— Town Clerk
Hanscom h;is prepared a statement show
ing the revenue ar.d probable expend
itures for the town of Berkeley, from
July 1 to November 1. The statement
was prepared for the finance committee
of the Board of Trustees, and shows that
at the end of the fiscal year the munici
pal finances may be short by $4000. The
entire revenue is estimated at $14,733; the
expenditures at $18,779.
MORE ABOUT THE
NEW WAR DUTIES
COMMISSIONER SCOTT MAKES
AN EXPLANATION.
What Must Be Done When Merchants
Are Not Able to Procure the
Stamps Designed by
the Law.
Internal Revenue Commissioner Scott
has addressed the following telegram to
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch, in re
sponse to numerous inquiries of business
men:
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 29, 1838.
Collector Lynch, San Francisco, Cal. : Tax
payers are importuning this office to know
what they Bhall do on the morning of the first
of July, If they have not been able to procure
the adhesive stamps necessary for the trans
action of business. In repiy attention is called
to the last three lines on page 3 »-fl the first
three lines on pmre 9 of tho war r»venue law
or 1898. which reacts :i.« follows: "Ar.d provided
further that in all <^ose« Where the party has
not affixed thr- stamp required by law upon
any such instrument iasued, registered, sold
• ,!■ transferred at a time when and at a place
where no collection district was established, it
shall be lawful for him or them, or any party
having an interest therein, to affix the proper
stamps thereto." The lanpunge, "Where no col
lection district was established," is construed
anil held to be the same as If tt read, •'Where
no stamp deputyship or agency was establish
ed," and where for that reason it was impos
sible to procure the stamps and where the
failure to affix them was not due to any will
ful design to defraud the United States or to
evade or delay payment thereof, the taxpayer
may In such cases be relieved by the Collector
from payment of the penalty. It is held that
the law does not require Impossible things to
be done and when for the reason above given
it was not possible to procure the stamps It is
not insisted that business shall stop and
vendors shall by reason thereof withhold goods
from the market, but that legitimate business
may be transacted and the stamps required on
goods disposed of under such circumstances
may be affixed by the owners thereof, or par
ties Interested therein, and In cases of con
sumption the retail vendor shall make sworn
return of the facts to tho Collector of Internal
Revenue, who shall assess the amount of tax
due and collect the same under the rules and
regulations provided under the law. Taxpay
ers are admonished that this urgency regula
tion does not In any way excuse them from
the duties imposed upon them by the statute
with reference to procuring stampa for all in
struments and things required to be stamped
under schedules A and B of the war revenue
law of 1898, and neglect to perform any of the
requirement* there"* except for unavoidable
reasons as above stated will render the tax
payer liable to the penalties provided therein,
and they will be str 4 *" enforced.
N. B, SCOTT, Commissioner.
MONEY GOES
TO GERMANY
State Cannot Collect in
the Roth Case.
DIED IN AN INSANE ASYLUM
LEFT AN ESTATE THAT IS
PROOF AGAINST CLAIM.
Trlany Other Suits of a Similar Nature
Are Pending in Different
Courts in the
State.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
808 Broadway, June 29.
Judge Ellsworth decided a case this
morning upon which many other suits in
different parts of the State arc hanging.
In the estate of Jacob Roth deceased, the
(. -ourt declared that the Sta*te of California
could not collect its claim, as it had not
presented it within the time allowed by
law.
Roth died in an asylum four or five
years ago. He had been confined for
nearly seven years and no one knew that
ho had any estate. Some years after his
death a clerk in a German savings Insti
tution named Feehan applied for letters
of administration. They were granted
him in this county, and he Inserted the
usual notices to creditors, but no cred
itors appeared. Feehan communicated
with a sister of Roth who resides In
Germany and obtained from her a power
of attorney. Armed with this document
he applied to the court to settle and dis
tribute the estate.
When he made this application the State
Hospital authorities learned that Roth
hud .lied worth sump money, and at once
put In a claim against the estate for
(1368. The law requires that according to
the size of the estate all demands against
it other than such claims as taxes must
!'<■ mad.- in from four to ten months. In
the easi.- of lioth four months was the
limit.
Attorney Darwin C. de Golia, who ap
peared for the asylum authorities this
morning, argued that the State being a
creditor was entitled to the same priv
ileges as would be granted should the de
mand be fir taxes. Judge Ellsworth de
cided that such a condition was not ap
pll< able In this case, as Roth's transaction
with the State was in the nature of an
ordinary contract. Hip money will there
to to Germany and the State of Cali
fornia will not receive a cent for caring
lor Roth seven years.
ROUGH TIMES
ON THE ALAMEDA
STORMY SEAS ENCOUNTERED
DURING THE TRIP.
Between Honolulu and This Port a
Heavy Gale Was Run Into and
the Cargo Was Shifted.
The Australian mall steamer Alameda
n ached port last night after a very
rough passage. She was looked for early
in the morning', but she encountered head
winds from the time she left Sydney,
which accounts for the delay.
It was very rough all the way up from
Honolulu amY the stout ship rolled and
pitched terribly. Tuesday night It blew
a hurricane, and when the passengers got
up in the morning they found the vessel
with >-uch a list to starboard that prom
enadlng the decks was only possible to
the Burefooted. LMjring the night the coal
and cargo had shifted a little and cauaed,
the list.
The Alamocla got in in time, however,
to send her English mail east on the
overland train last night.
The following cabin passengers came
up on the Alameda:
Sydney— John Hay Jr.. T. B. LJghtfoot and
wife, F. Statham. 0 Jorgensen, John Sturgeas,
Mr*. Betgh&US, I* H. Hlt'Kins and wife. John
I'ralx. Hey. Culeman, J. Gregory and wife, A.
G. Smith.
Auckland— N. Cowles.
Apia-O. Rledel.
Honolulu— Dr. P. J. Aitken, wife and daugh
ter, Rev. ('. K. Brown and wife. Miss Per
carly, C. H. P.-lllna. Mlfs Boegle. Miss O.
Hlethen. Miss K. Cornwall, A. L. Colsten, P.
W. Christian, Miss L. Dulican, J. L. Doty, H.
Uillingham, Mrs. M. Frear, S. R. French, Miss
French, Mrs. 11. Gunn and child, O. A. Howard
Jr., Miss C. Hnnr.igan. Mrs. A. S. Humphries,
<;. Kluegel. Miss J. King. H. Kluegel, Mrs. F.
Lansing and son, W. A. Paars, T. J. Penlneld
and \vlf>. Misa Patch, n. C. Scott, St. C.
Sayres, Mles M. A. Smith, R. W. Shingle, Cap
tain Trlpp, Mtss Watson, J. D. Mertpn, J.
Medau, B. F. McCulloch, B. H. Mitchell and
wife.
F. Gregory Is a prospector from West
Australia. He ih going to the Klondike
to see who.t the prospecta thore are like.
Rev. Fa/nr Coleman of Melbourne Is
here on a visit. Otto Riedel, from Apia,
is a member of the big German firm
which represents the Oceanic Steamship
Company in Samoa, and J. L. Doty was
United States Consul at Tahiti. Mr. Doty
made a stopover at Honolulu and Is de
llghted with his visit to the Paradise of
the Pacific.
Mrs. Graham, the popular stewardess
of the Alameda, was the recipient of a
number of valuable presents from pas
sengers on the down trip of the steamer.
A day or two after the passengers landed
at Sydney, N. S. W., first one and thon
another of those for whom she had made
the trip pleasant remembered her. Mrs.
Graham has been a long time on the Ala
meda and is deservedly popular.
The fact that the Alameda was to
bring up half a million in treasure was
not commented on in tho Sydney papers.
Everybody wns afraid that if the news
got out It might tpmpt a Spanish filibus
ter to attempt her capture. The gold Is
here and will go to the Mint to-day.
MUST HAVE THE CANAL.
Merchants Want the Nicaragua In
terocean Waterway Con
structed.
At a meeting of the Merchants' Asso
ciation yesterday the following: new mem
bers were elected: Courvoisier's Pharma
cy, A. Archie Cunningham, A. Decour
tleux & Son, Hammlt & McPlke, Makln»
& Co., Mangrum & Otter, Inc., B. D. Plk«
& Co., J. Plnet & Co., E. E. Potter, San
Francisco Cornice Co.. Trlest & Co., Louis
Weule ami Wicker & Hermarjien. Tho
position of the association on the Nlca
raguan canal proposition is shown by the
following resolution, which will be for
wardetl to the Pacific Coast representa
tives in Congress:
Whereas, The early eonntniction of the Nica
ragua canal is essential to the future develop
ment and prosperity of the Pacific Coast, by
and from the markets of the world; and
and from the market s of the world; and
whereas, tho completion of the Nicaragua
canal under American control will dullcate
tho effective value of the United States navy,
as shown by the recent perilous trip of the
peerless Oregon around South America; and
whereas, a practicable bill for the construction
and completion of the Nicaragua canal by our
Government is now pending In th« Senate of
the United States; therefore, be It
Resolved, That the- Merchants' Association
appeals to all commercial and Industrial organ
izations on the Pacific Coast to unite In a vog
orous movement that will Insure a prompt be
ginning of this Invaluable undertaking.
Resolved, That a certified copy of these reso
lutions be duly forwarded to each Senator and
Representative from the Pacific Coast now In
Congress, urging them to exert their utmost
endeavors to bring about the early consum
mation of this American canal for the Amer
ican people.
Robbery Not Shown.
Martin Fogarty and Frank Sullivan,
two hard working boys, were arrested
June 16 on a charge of robbery f preferred
by Richard Hllker, a laborer living at
103^ Gilbert street. Hllker alleged that the
' boys knocked him down and stole 85
cents from him. When the case was
called yesterday Hllker did not appear,
and the Judge discharged the defendants,
at the same time taking occasion to score
Hllkor for bringing such a groundless
charge against two respectable boys.
THEY BURY THE HATCHET.
The San Francisco Yacht Club Fin-
ally Rejoins the Association.
The Law Cup.
At a meeting of the Pacific Inter-Club
Yacht Association held on Monday even
ing at the Merchants' Exchange the fol
lowing wore present; Dr. C. L. Tisdale,
Commodore J. S. Hanley and H. M.
Landsberger, delegates from the Encinal
Yacht Club; E. N. Walter and R. R.
l'Hommcdieu, delegates from the Califor
nia Yacht Club; ex-Commodore Alex J.
Young and J. H. Hopps, delegates from
the Corinthian Yacht Club. Dr. C. L. Tis
dale, president of the association, took
the chair. No delegates from the Pacific,
South Bay or San Francisco Yacht Club
were present, the last named not havir.g
been members of the association for two
years. It v.'as decided to request the sec
retaries of the various clubs to send no
tice to the secretary of the association
when yachts are dropped from or taken
into membership, so that the association
records may be accurate and up-to-date.
It was also determined that every yacht
on the bay should have a number assign- i
ed to it, and that the members should be i
consecutive. A letter was read from the ]
San Franciscos to the effect that the club
had voted to re-enter the association. Af
ter some little discuaFion the secretary
of the association was directed to ask ttv»
San Franciscos to appoint three dele
gates and to send a list of their members.
A handsomely bound and gilt-lettered
copy of the "yacht signal code for use in
San Francisco Bay," wrapped in a silk |
American Hag and tied -with red, white
and blue ribbon, was presented to Mr.
Allen M. Clay, formerly secretary of the
association. A page had been inserted
containing the following Inscription in il
luminated letters: "Presented to Mr. Al
len M. Clay by the members of the Pacific
Inter-Club Yacht Association in testimony
of his eminently successful labors in
bringing this volume to so excellent a de
gree of perfection." A suitably inscribed
copy of the signal code was presented to
J. H. Hopps, and another will be given to
G. B. Edgar, both of whom were also
members of the committee charged with
the preparation of the code. Messrs. Clay
and Hopps thanked the association for
the conrpllment paid to them.
The delegates to the association, of
whom there will be eighteen, will present
a trophy, to be called "The Delegates'
Cup," to be awarded as a prize In one of
the classes at the association regatta on
September 4. A silver cup, offered by
Herbert E. Law, ex-commodore of the
Pacific Yacht Club, as a prize, was ac
cepted by the association, and will be ;
I6*ted for at the association regatta, j
The "Law Cup" was originally Intended ;
to be awarded to the winner of two out j
of three races of the half-raters of the !
Pacific Yacht Club, but none of the boats
being in a fit condition to race. It has been
withdrawn.
THEATRICALS IN NEW YORK
Alf Ellinghouse Beturns From an
Extended Visit to the East
ern Metropolis.
"You see more evidences of the war In
San Francisco than do the people of New
York or any Eastern cities." said Alf
Ellinghouse last night. "There Is a
greater display of bunting In the East
and the bulletin boards attract throngs,
but few uniformed men are in evidence."
Mr. Kllinghouse returned yesterday
from a three months' visit to New York.
In that time he saw all the theatrical at
tractions and all the boxing and sport-
ing exhibitions. He pronounces "Way
Down East," a play on the lines of "Shore
Acres." the hit of the season. The prin
cipal role is taken by Phoebe Davies. The
play was written by Mrs. Harry Dale
I Parker and J. R. Gnsmer.
Mr. Ellinghouse will be associated with
M. B. Leavitt In the management of the
new Bush Street Theater, which will be
known as the Comedy Theater. The
house will be furnished in ivory and gold,
with new stage scenery and fittings.
Boxing has not proved attractive In
New York. Sporting men discuss the
bouts, but do not attend them. George
j Dixon Is pronounced much improved over
I his California form. Dusky Joe Walc*tt
|Is enjoying life at the Springs. Nego
i tiations are pending for a match between
him and Tommy Ryan.
McCoy, Mr. Ellinghouse says, Is
wonderfully clever, especially in his
footwork. He is about Sharkey's
! height, but not so heavily mus
j cled. He Is a hard puncher and
| would make a good match with Choyn
i ski. The receipts of the McCoy-Ruhlin
i light were but $4100. It Is estimated they
would draw 120,000 here.
Horse racing it attracting immense
crowds and betting is heavy.
Among the sporting attractions to be
seen here will be Yousouf. the Turk, noted
as a wrestler, and an aggregation of bi
cycle riders. The latter will be here In
November and will include Michael, Bald,
Fred Titus, "Major" Taylor, Taylore, the
Frenchman, and others.
SHOULD USE SALT WATER
Local Merchants Want It for Sprink
ling the City's Streets.
At a meeting of the Merchants' Associa
tion yesterday the subject of sprinkling
the streets with salt water was discussed
at length, and as Professor Price, the
chemist, had presented a report upon the
I'fTects of water from the ocean upon
pavements and upon the general health
of the community it was decided to urge
upon the Board of Supervisors to sprinklo
the streets with salt water instead or
fresh. The reasons for making this re
commendation are set forth in the follow
ing communication to the Board of Su
pervisors:
To the Street Committee of the Honorable
Roard of Supervisors — Gentlemen: Herewith we
beg to sumtt for your consideration a report
carefully prepared hy Messrs. Thomas Price &
Son upon the effects of fresh and salt water on
bituminous pavements, and the respective value
of each for street sprinkling purposes. The fol
lowing conclusions may be summarized from
this report:
First— Water has no harmful effect upon
bituminous rock pavement that Is properly pre
pared and well laid.
Second— There Is no substantial difference In
the effect of fresh or salt water upon any
bituminous pavement.
Third— Water has an injurious effect upon
bituminous pavements where the bituminous
rock Is not well mlxpd or the pavement Is not
subjected to sufficient pressure.
Fourth — In a fanitnry point of view fresh
water Is inferior to salt water for street sprink
ling.
Fifth— Salt water Is more economical than
fresh water, as less sprinkling will be required.
Sixth— The use of salt water for street
sprinkling will not result In Injury to clothing
or merchandise In stores.
In view of the foregoing conclusions we would
respectfully recommend to your honorable board
that salt water be used In sprinkling the public
streets of the city.
Hoping that these recommendation!; will hava
your early consideration, we remain, very
truly yours,
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION.
■ » ■
Dried Fruit for Europe.
Manager J. A. Fllcher of the State
Board of Trade received a letter yester
day from Brussels, written by C. J. Mur
phy, who Is at present In Europe as a
Commissioner from the State of lowa for
the purpose of introducing and encourag
ing the use of Indian corn in its various
forms among the people on the other side
of the Atlantic. Mr. Murphy wants to be
put In communication with some first
class firms who are exporting California
dried and canned fruits for the purpose
of putting them In the way of extending
their business. He says: "The demand
for California dried fruit is steadily on
the Increase. The French fruit, with few
exceptions, Is at a discount compared
with the products from California. The
latter is taking: the lead and there is
room In Belgium for more than one firm
to do a very large business." Mr. Fil
cher sent him the addresses of nearly all
the large exporters In the State.
Teachers' Convention.
Two cars of teachers left yesterday to
attend the meeting of the National Edu
cators' Association at "Washington, D. C.
There were about seventy In tue party.
On the return trip, which Is an excur
sion, a stop will be mad<? at Omaha, giv
ing the teachers an opportunity to see the
Exposition.
Big Importation of Opium.
There * arrived ;. by ■ the Coptic 441 .cases
of opium prepared for smoking, which,
at the price of '■ $15 per pound, duty ■ paid,
Is valued iat $264,600. r ; The ; duty, amounts
to $158,760. - This opium la only for smok
ers, and is intended for use In the United
States*- '' ■■ ■ ■ ' - • ■ - ■■ -
ADVERTISEMENTS. |
BOSTON AND ALASKA
TRANSPORTATION CO.,
Owners. Will Dispatch the Following Steam-
DAWSON CITY
And INTERMEDIATE YUK O N RIVER
POINTS. Via
DUTCH HARBOR. NEW BOSTON AND ST.
MICHAEL:
btbil RT?IYHAT*T
STEAMSHIP I>AxAlliilU,
SAIL-INC- ON OR ABOUT JULY 5. -
STEEL t A TIP? AT) A
SAILING ON OR ABOUT JULY 15.
ItSship SOUTH PORTLAND,
SAILING ON OR ABOUT JULY 25.
Connecting at mouth of Yukon River with the
company's fleet of
EIGHT RIVER STEAMERS and BARGES,
Colonel McNaught, Governor Pingree, Philip B.
Low, A. E. Fay, B. B. Glascock, Michigan,
Washington and New York.
Boston and Alaska Transportation Company
owns and operates its ocean steamships and
fleet of modern river steamers, which are now
in service on the Yukon River.
Special accommodation* for ladies.
Electric lights, steam heat, best meals, best
berths, best time. :
For freight and passenger rates apply
H. M. HAINES,
Contracting Freight and Passenger Agent,
20 Montgomery tV, San Francisco. Cal.
A. E. CRONENWETT.
General Traffic Manager, Seattle, Wash.
y^^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JLw-sJfs 020 KEAKXY XT. Established
filPl^Swn ln ISS * ior the treatment of Private
aT)r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
i>2n KEARSV ST. Established
In ISS I for the tre.-itinent of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. JJebility or
lzFw**wJ*Bl dlseasp wearing on bodyund mind and
Skin Diseases. Thedoctoroiirpswheii
fc!^MjK?iS"^l" "- Try him. C'hHrges low.
v?«s.3ci^^J Curoenarantrrd. Call or write.
Dr. J. Il'I 1 '- «iIBJSOJ», Box lU37,San Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
:'- : RAILWAY COMPANY.
TifetWMi «r-f . Fo«t «l Market 3%
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:35,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. 1:30, 3:30,
■ 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
June 29,
Week Sun- IS9S. Sun- ! Week
| Days. days. Destination, days. 1 Days.
7:30 am 1:00 am Novato, 10:40 am! S:4O am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, \ 6:10 pm:10:25 am
6:10 pmj 6:00 pm| Santa Rosa, j 7:35 pm, C:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
HeaJdsburg 1 .
I^ytton,
GeysenMlle,
■1:30 pm! S:C<i am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm « : 22_pm
7:20 am: Hopland and| ; 10:25 am
3:30 prnj S:(iQ am| fkiah. j 7:35 pm, 6:22 pm
7:30 am j I HWT2S am
3:00 ami Guernevllle. i 7:35 pmi
3:30 pm I 6:22 pm
7:30 ami s;iv) am Sonoma 110:40 am| 8:40 am
1 and ! |
5:10 pm X:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pre 6:22 pm
7:30 an 8:00 am Sebastopol. 110:40 am 110:26 am
' 2;30 pm: 3:00 pm| 1 7:35 pm] 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lylton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle for Skagys Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at UWah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Del! Lake. I'pper
Lake, Porno, Totter Valley, J >hn Pay's, River-
side. Lierley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights,
! Hullville. Booneville, Crr's Hot Springs, Men-
I doclno City, Fort Bract, Waatport, T'sal.
i Saturday" to Monday round- trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. S5O Market St.. Chnnio!» bMg.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST KAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Caps
Run en the Following Time i
Leave San Franclsco.4:3o p. m., S.M.T. W.T.F.S.
Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m., W.T.F.B.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m., T.F.6.5.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m.. T.F.B.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago 9:00 p. m., T.F.9.5.M.T.W,
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason^
able Rates.
yoiT WILL BE COMFORTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa Fe.
SAI FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE— BW MARKET SI
Chronicle Building 1 . Telephone Main 1520.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Saor&mento Office- 2)1 J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Olara Bt.
'MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sauaalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing; May 1,
1S98:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 9:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:46 and
2:80 p. m.
July 4th, IS9B, trains will run on Sunday time.
Round trip rrom Mill Valley. $1.
THOS. COOK Xc SON, Agents, 621 Market
street, San Frnnclaco.
TO EXPLORERS, MINERS AND SPORTSMEN,
The Miner, Explorer or Sportsman wants a general
medicine that will keep in any climate and not be spoiled
by wetting in water, salt or fresh. Such a medicine is
Ripans Tabules (of the standard sort), put up in boxes of -
six vials, each vial securely corked and containing six
Tabules. They cost fifty cents a box or two dollars for
five^boxes. May soak a week in water without wetting
the medicine* Can be had of any druggist, or by mail
from the Ripans Chemical Company, No. xo Sprue*
Street. New York.,
AUCTION SALES.
P. J. BARTH,
THIS DAY
(THURSDAY), June 30, 1898, at 1010 Tasre St.,
tfc>i elegant nr-.arly new mod-
ern furniture and carpcta of above residence.
KAILEOAD T3AVEL.
■oirriiLKK rAcxrsc iompajii.
(rAcirio sTwrnit.)
Trnl» lr«» «• ninl nre ilnr> l«» i%rrlr« ••
J*A?i MIA «€!»«!•.
(Man Line, Foot of Market atrtct.) *
i^vc From Junp. 1. ;S9B. - *.KH\rm
'6:O»\ Nllt-S. San Jose and Way Stations... 'Jl 1 "! I }*
■;:O«v Beuicia, Snkun »ml .Sacramento.... •'•'•'*
1:o«a Maryaville. OroTillcaud Keddinf Tla
Woo-lland * [\il
7:OO\ VacaHlle snd RnißM7 ■•••' Bl * op
?:ao A Martinez, San INmori, Vallejo. Napa, ■ ■ •
Call/toja and BanU U0b».. ....... ■!«%.
•1:00* Atlanti.: iixi.ress. OK.'tfii and Ki^t.. » lwr
!».::i»a Nil,«. San Jf.sr. ittnekloM, lone,
Sacrauieuto, M»ry!i»illi% Chico,
Teh»uiaaiiAße.lltlnir AMI
•Ki3oa reu-rs. Miliu.i, Oakd^le «xiar
Oi«Oa New Orlemis Kxiiresx. ftlercod, rrea-
ii. i. llakerilield. KhiiU n»r»<ar*.
I** Ai. K «i«», Demi"*. El Faao.
New Orloftu« »ml East «'***
1O:«Oa V*]lrJ>>, M»rtlntE and 'Vsy Stations '«>••'
•l:OOr BMtMuctttx Ul»ei Ste*ui^ni ♦« i"l
.... Pan Jose, Nllr* and Way Stations. . . :»:IOA
9!:00r Liv.riti.rL-, Mi" dots.. llaulord and
Vi.ialia.. ■•••• * slop
Lhvrim.re, «-:.•• Jose. Ni'.os and Way j|Ojl!|4j |Oj1!|4
Fr«MV VY S oViJmVle',MeVccd.'"Martlne« JIO:1S4
. ... Freur,.., yoseoi':tf'. Mercci M«xtlneii I«x»3*
4t»Or MartlucE, Hail Ramon Vullcjo.
Nar». Juntos-*. X !. Verano and ••»•*
HnnU It.wn •• »«»•■>
4iOOr Beuicia, VacavUle, Woodland.
KniKhU l-a'Htiug. MsiTSTllle. Oro-
»il!e Hii.l M»< ; i»u.eiilo ? ,«*
4i3O P Nil, m, San Jose, Trecjr and Stockton .. 7.1 »r
4:* op Stockton. Lodl, Oakdale (Jamee- ,_
town for Yoseioit«). Merced.. ..... l»il»»
AiKOr Latlirop. Modesto. Merced. Utrenda
«llaytnou<l for Yoeemito), Fresno
Mojare. SauU Uarliara and l~f
AiiKden 7l«»4
4lSOrSauU Fo'KoiiVe* A tiaiitic Kxptsa*
for M<.j»'e ami K«t •»»*
O:O»r Kurope»u Mail. Ugilon and ICast.... -ff 1 ***
•«:«Oi- Vallejo -lit
«:««r Hay<r«r<K NllMiaiid «an Jos* «I4OA
17: OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Ma- ._._
tions iwttow
8:00p OreKou H»or*iiieiiUi, Marys-
»lll«. KtwMiiiß. l'iiitlaii-1. I'iige* ■
Smiinl ami Kant «»1«A
SAN LKA.MMtO HI HAVWAUDS LUVAL.
i (Foot of Market Street.)
I Melrone, Seminar; I'ark, t '!lst
8:00* Klt.lil.nrit, Klml.nrst, Kl.*H
I »'"® A San I,f«n.lro. South Sas »•;*•*
1 iii - .«S* Leandro, Katßdlllo, JJUip
ti-Joo« Loreiiio, Cherry ■ ii:4»p
|?a,°«o? M w« . ft**'
5:oop Hajward*. '•!12 F
7ioop < Runs through to Nile*. »<*»»
i j t From Nlles. I
i COAST 111 VISION (.Narrow «sn(r«).
(Foot of Market Street.) •
1 {7:45* Santa Crux Excursion. SanU Orus "
and Principal Way Stations $•»•»»•
St 15 a Newark. Centerrllle.aan Jose.Fstton,
Boulder Santa Orui and Way __.
Stations ■■■■■ •— '•»
! *Silßr Newark, CeoterTille, San Jos«, Hew
Almaden. Fslton, Boulder Creek,
Banta Cru« and Principal Ws»
Stations •I«*s»a,
«81»p« 8 1»p San Jose, Glenwood k Way Stations •'»•*■
g4iiap Boulder Creek and Santa Cru« jl»t««A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fr.m SIS raiICISOO-r«ot «r M.rk«l Stn»t (SUa I)-
•716 9:00 11:00*. M. 11:00 *2:00 tiM
•4:00 t6:00 *6:00r.*.
»r»mO»»L«D-F(>«t«fBr»»dwsy.— "8:00 tj» 10-.00*.51.
$12:00 •1:00 18:00 *3:00 ti'-OQ *8:00>J««
COAST DIVISION (Broad Usage).
jThlrd and Townatud Sta.)
•7:0»A San Jose ami Way Stations (New """
Almaueit Wednesdays only) I»1O»
t7«B«A Sunday Kzeurstoo for Baa Jos*
BanU Crux, Paeiflo Gro»» and
Principal Way Buttons !»••»»
•:»Oa Han Smo. Tros riuo«, Santa Crux,
Paciliu Otore. l'aau Robtes, Saa
).ui« Ol>lst>o, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way SUtlmis .J lltp
10:10 a San J usa and Way SUtUina *SiOOA
I liSOa San J>«e and Way Stations *Si33j,
•>t:43r San Msteo, Redwood, Heolo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han Jose.
Gilruy, Hollister. Baaita Crux, .
Salinas, Monterey ami Pacitle
Grove. •••!••»
•B:HOp SanJoneandWay Stations *■>»•>«
•■lil San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9i4Sa
•S:OOpBanJoM and Principal Way SUtion* 0:33 a
s::iop San Jose aud Principal Wax Statica* 3:30p
6:20r Ban Jose and Way SUtioua V 7so»*
}11:43p San Jose and Way Btatlons Tiaoy
A for Morning. P tor Afterawm.
■ Sundays except*), t Sundays only, t Saturdays vtif
I Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Snudaya.
j
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIB
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, IS9B, train* will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- J Mixed Mixed Passen-
ger I Sunday Sta- Sunday gar
Daily. lExc'pt'd tons. Exc'pt d! Dally.
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 1:45 p m 5:40 p m
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 p m 8:53 pra
10:40 a m 3:50 p m Fresno 9:30 a m 2:24 pra
11:35 aml 6:45 pin Hanford 7:45 am 1:25 pra
* 2:45 p m 11:60 p m B'k'rfl'd 2:30 a m 10:15 ara
12:05 pm| 7:50 p m Vlsalla 6:40 a m 12:5.5 v m
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboat* of
California Navigation and Improvement - Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at I
!p. m. dally; at Merced with stares to and
i from Snelllngs, Coulterville. Yosemite. eto. ;
also with stage from Hornltos. Marlposa, etc.*
, at Lanltershlra with stag* to and from Mader*.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Perry.
I From San Francisco, commencing May 1, 1395.
WEEK DAYS.
1 For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •8:00.
•9:30, 11:00 a. m.; *1:45. 3:20, 4:00, 5:15. '6:00,
6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:3*
p. m.
SUNDAYS.
! For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »B:oo, •9:00,
; »10:00. 11:00, 11:30 a. m.; 1:00. »1:45, •2:80, »4:00,
6:30, 6:45 p. m. • ;.• .-. •. .
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
I 5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
I 7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'n*.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
, 5:15 p. m. week days (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and
I way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way Bta'na.
Weekly Call $1.50 per Year
910
THE BIG RAFT
IS ALL RIGHT
Carrier Pigeon Brought
a Message From It.
WILL ARRIVE ON SATURDAY
STEAMER OREGON COLLIDES
WITH CENTENNIAL.
Much Dissatisfaction Among the Pas
sengers of the Dirigo Over the
Long Delay in Getting the
Steamer Away.
Thd big raft which left the Columbia
River on the 24th lnst. Is slowly making
.y down the coast. Wlien two days
out it was sighted by ;je steamer Ore
gon about twenty miles northeast of Ya
quina Head, comng along at tho rate of
about two miles an hour. The barkentine
tier City, which arrived yesterday
from Grays Harbor, brought in a carrier
which had been released from one
of the tuga having the raft In tow. The
bird was evidently Intended to return to
i with a message to the owners of
raft, but "-nt lost and settled on the
yard arm of the barkentine.
Captain Palmgren of the Gardiner City
said yesterday: "On tho 26th lnst, at 8
p. m., in latitude 43 deg. 54 mln. north,
longitude 126 deg. 37 mln. west, a pigeon
v board. It had a ring on its leg
marked "R V a SB" and a paper under
its wing containing the following writing:
June 26, 8 a. m.-110 miles south of Columbia
River; 26 miles off shore: speed 3 miles: north
east wind; quite a sea running ; raft riding like
a duck; everything <> X Raft wl I surely ar
rive all right. 1 am having a hell of a time.
Kick all the time. INMAN.
'The Gardiner City was about fifty
seven miles off Cape Perpetua, so the
pigeon In twelve hours must have flown
about sixty-three miles in a south south
easterly direction. As the bird was very
tired the chances are that it covered four
times that distance while it was on the
W The raft contains 5,250,000 feet of lumber
and is in tow of the tugs Rescue and
Monarch. According to the message
brought by the pigeon it is only making
three knots an hour, so it wi.l probably
be Saturday before it arrives here.
The British ship Swanhilda arrived
from Newcastle. N. S. W., yesterday,
after a passage of seventy-one days. She
has beaten the American bark Genera
Fairchild now out seventy-three days;
British ship Eulomene. eighty-two days,
and Ardencraig, eighty-five days, and the
"ark Gladys, ninety-eight days. Captain
leaser and ship did not attract as much
attnetion on this occasion as they did on
their arrival a year ago. That time Mur
derer Butler was one of her crew, and
policemen and newspaper men were out
in dozens and aboard the vessel long be
fore the anchor was dropped. Since then
Butler has paid the penalty of his crimes,
"hie the Swanhilda has been over to
England with wheat, to Australia with a
general cargo, and back here again with
a cargo of coal. After discharging she
will again load wheat for Europe.
The new coasting steamer Newburg was
launched from the Fulton Iron orks
last Tuesday night, and was taken to
Mission-street wharf yesterday to be fitted
out. She is called after the sawmill of
that name in Humboldt County, and is
15$ feet long, 34 feet beam and 12 feet 6
inches deep. She will carry about 450.
000 feet of lumber. Captain L. Hansen
will command her. and Tom Houston will
be the chief engineer. S wlck. also built
The new steamer Brunswick, also built
for the coasting trade, was out pn her
trial trip yesterday and proved herself to
be a fast and comfortable boat. Before
going into the lumber trade the Bruns
wick! Will make a couple of trips to St.
Michael with gold hunters. In order to
fit her for that purpose her cabin has
been built up and accommodation pro
vided for over a hundred passengers.
The lighthouse launch Hazel came to
grief yesterday. As she was starting for
Goat Island about 2 p. m. her steam whis
tle broke and the little craft kept up a
continuous screech until the steam in the
boiler was exhausted. It took several
hours to repair damages and get the Ha
zel ready to proceed on her way to the
lighthouse station.
One of Max topper's mall wagons ran
amuck on the water front yesterday.
Max's contract expires on the Ist of the
month and the horse, thinking it would be
out of a job, did its best to commit sui
cide... It started on a wild run for th«
ferries and getting among the posts that
are placed in rows to protect passengers
tore two of them down and continued on
its way. People scattered In all direc
tions and the screaming and shouting only
added fresh zest to the horse's exertions.
It turned in on one of the ferry slips just
as the steamer Garden City was coming
and in a frantic effort to stop the hors«
went down and the wagon turned over on
its side. Neither horse nor vehicle will be
used again on the water front for some
time to come. ;■
After many delays which have caused st
great deal of hard feeling among the pas
sengers, the steam* Dirigo will at last
get away to-day. For over a week the
gold hunters who are going north on her
have been camping on the wharf await
ing her sailing, but they were put oft
from day to day until patience ceased to
be a virtue and all kinds of profanity
broke forth. Captain Hall answered ques
tions until he got tired and then went up
town for a rest. The whole trouble has
been over the river steamer City of Daw
son which the Dirigo was to tow to St.
Michael. The vessel Is claimed by Birch
& Co., the builders, while the people for
whom she was built say they nave paid
all they owe on the craft. Should the
matter not drift into the courts the Dirigo
will start at 5 p. m. to-day with the
steamer Alviso in tow.
The barkentine Tropic Bird arrived from
Tahiti yesterday with three passengers.
She is 44 days from Papeete and Captain
Jackson says It is the longest passage .but
one he has ever made in the vessel. It
was due to light winds and calms. When
the Tropic Bird was in Papeete the news
arrived there that Spain had sued for
peace and the war was over. The vessel
is supposed to sail on July 1 with the
French mail for Tahiti, but it will prob
ably be the sth or 6th before she gets
away.
Owing to the falling off in the Alaska
trade the Alaska-Yukon Transportation
Company has no use for the steamer Ex
celsior. The vessel has accordingly been
returned to the Pacific Steam Whaling
Company and will be placed on the mail
route between Unalaska and Sitka.
The steamer Oregon, while trying to
dock at Folsom street wharf yesterday,
was caught by wind and tide and ran Into
the Steamer Centennial. The latter was
not very much damaged, but the Oregon
sprung one of the plates below the main
deck and will have to undergo repairs be
fore she can sail again.
Celebrate the Fourth with California
fireworks. Buy direct from makers. Cal
ifornia Fireworks Co.. 219 Front st. •
HONORS TOR JOHN ELLIOTT.
Made a Delegate at Large on the
Board of Governors, Amateur
Athletic Union.
John Elliott, long recognized as the au
thority on amateur athletic sport on this
coast, has been highly honored by Presi
dent Harry McMillan of tho Amateur
Athletic Association. Mr. Elliott has been
appointed a. delegate at large on the board
of governors of the great association gov
erning athletes In this country. The im
portance of tho position may bo gathered
from the fact that there are but five of
these delegates. They are headed by W.
B. Curtis, the father of American ath
letics.
The delegates pass xipon all matters per
taining to the good of athletic sports. As
their title implies, they represent all the
country and not one section. It is tho
first time such an appointment has ever
come to this coast. The men interested
in the sports of the field and path are
glad that it came to so worthy and capa
ble a man as Mr. Elliott.
Advancst jßodo on furniture and planw, with
or without renioral. J. Noonan. 1017-IWI Minion.
FAVORITES TO
THE FRONT
Some Hot Skirmishesfor
Place Money.
REX ALTO DOWNS PRIMROSE
GRIFFITH SERVES UP ANOTHER
SENSATIONAL TROTTER.
Charles David, With Everybody
Aboard, Wins a Queer-Look
ing Pacing
v Race. /
Favorites were In evidence at Oakland
j-esterda'y and the racing on the wholo
was rather tame. Several pretty fights
for place and show money, however,
served to keep alive the spark of interest.
Little Miss, even money and 3 to 2,
cleverly won the 2:22 trot, well driven by
Webster, who rigs her out with a screen
over the eyes to steady her, as with it
I she does not see shadows and other
troublesome sights en route for the
money. Dr. J. put up quite an argument
to the distance flag, but, tiring badly,
broke, and lost all chances of victory.
Ned Thorn, by a well-timed brush, got
the place. It was a fairly fast heat—
2:l7V£. Diamont showed speed but was
very unsteady. The winner Is by Sid
moor and a slick-gaited little trotter.
For the 2:26 pace Primrose, one of the
unlucky ones on Tuesday, was the favor
ite at 6 to 5, but was not over her ner
vousness, and broke at tho very spot
where Tuesday's accident occurred.
Thompson tried, but show money was all
the pretty daughter of Falrose could take
down. Dictatress, the three-year-old Die
tatus filly which won so nicely her last
out, was beaten in a stretch drive by
Walter Maben's Rex Alto, driven by Jim
my Sullivan. The heat was 2:18^ and
shows that pacers are uncertain things,
as Resort and Roderick, each capable of
miles well below 2:20, were away back in
the dust, disappointing their constitu
ents badly. Rex Alto'B price was 4 to 1.
Field bettors got good value, as it was
Primrose $10. field $12, and It looked like
a rattling field end.
The special race for trotters and pacers
belonging to members of the Golden Gate
Driving Club went to Butcher Boy, driv- j
en by Mizner, after quite a rattle with !
Ashton. Chloe and Bishop Hero were j
never in evidence toward the end. al- ;
though the mare led away fast and kept \
them at bay to the far turn In the open- ;
ing heat. But in the other it was mere- i
ly Butcher Boy all the way. The heats
were 2:lBVs and 2:2OVj. Poor old Hero was
Just able to hobble inside the distance,
and Is not fit to contest with sound
horses of 2:20 caliber, more's the pity. |
Butcher Boy was 9 to 5 and 3 to 5 prior ■
to each hoat, respectively. Ashton was
6 to 5 at one time, but went to 8 to 5 after
the opening heat. The scoring was a lit
tle tiresome, but Havey let them to the
wire but few times, keeping them from
going the usual route to the furlong post.
Jib Albert, a half brother to Flying Jib,
2:04, sired by Albert W, took the 2:27 trot
ters into camp handsomely, never vary
ing his machinelike stride, and the time,
2:17*4. is not a marker as to his capacity,
for he can surely beat 2:15. He is one of !
the veteran Salisbury's discoveries, and
belongs to C. L. Griffith. Webster teamed !
him so as to get the money the easiest way j
and not the record. He has a strong sta- I
ble of splendidly gaited horses, and seems |
bound to get a goodly share of the money.
Jib's price was 7 to 10. Lou, a t> to 1
shot, was the only contestant of moment,
but breaks ruined the prospects of a close
finish.
The special 2:40 pace went to the bay
gelding Charles David, a "cinchy" favor
ite apparently, at 3 to 5. He won It with
out the semblance of a struggle, in
2:2OVi. and every one on the grouds seemed
aboard. Peanuts was driven in about
plxth-horse place the entire mile,
though the field was a small one.
Some others seemed satisfied to wait
till the last end of It ere they got their
pacing shoes on. It was a good betting
event, but not a good looking
race by any means. Polo, the other
runaway of Tuesday, was driven by Far
rar, and at 5 to 2 was played somewhat.
He did well to beat the fence, as he was |
too unsteady to be a factor. In the auc- ]
tlons the winner was at $10 to the field !
$12.
E. D. "Wlggin, the former owner of Mar
tha "Wilkes, 2:08 (ex-champlon race rec
ord); Allandorf, 2:l9Vi. and other celebri
ties, Is here on a visit from Boston, and
sat In the grand stand, an Interested
spectator, because of the novelty of the
dash system of harness racing. He was
loud in his praises of the Oakland track
and grounds, and apparently much Inter
ested In the day's events, even though
the time made was not up to grand cir
cuit standards.
THE SUMMARIES.
FIRST RACE.
2:22 class, trotting, one mile dash, purse $200.
Little Miss, b. m. by Sldmoor (H. Webster)... 1
Ned Thorn, b. g. by Billy Thornhlll (H. Hell
man) 2
Dlamont, b. g. by Lynmont (W. Hogoboom).. 3
Dr. J, Diana and Melvar also started and
finished In that order.
Time, :33H, 1:08, 1:42V4. 2:17^.
Betting: Auctions— Field, $12; Little Mi«s, $10.
Books— Little Miss, even; Ned Thorn, 8; Dla
mont, 3; Dr. J, 7 to 2; Diana. 12; Melvar, 20.
SECOND RACE.
2:26 class, pacing, one mile dash, purse $200.
Rex Alto. b. g. by Atto R*x (J. Sullivan).... 1
Dictatrens, eh. f. by Dletatus (8. C. Kent).... i
Primrose, b. m. by Falrose (J. Thompson).... 3
Resort and Roderick also started and finished
in that order.
Time, :»3fc, 1:07V4, l:42Vi. 2:18 H.
Betting: Auctions— Field, $13; Primrose, $10.
Books— Rex Alto. 4; Dlctatreas, 3; Prlmorse. 8
to S; Resort, I; Roderick, 3.
THIRD RACE.
Special for members of the Golden Gate Driv
ing Club, heats, two In three, purse $100.
Butcher Boy, eh. g. by Secretary (Mlzner) 1
ABhton, b. g. by Dexter Prince (A. F. Pat
rick) 1
Chloe, blk. m. by Dexter Prince (G. W.
Berry) 3
Bishop Hero. m. g. by Hero (E. Cercelt) 4
Time, first heat. :35. 1:09%. 1:44*4. 2:18 Vi; sec
ond heat, :56%, 1:10, l:46tt. 2:20*.
Betting. flr»t heat: Books— Butcher Boy, 9 to
6; Ashton, 6 to 5; Chloe, 2; Bishop Hero. 8.
Second heat: Books— Butcher Boy, 3 to 6; Ash
ton, 8 to 5: Chloe, 6; Bishop Hero, 20. Auctions
—Field, $20; Butcher Boy, $10; after first heat.
Butcher Boy, $10; field. $6.
FOURTH RACE.
2:27 class trotting, one mile dash, purse $200.
Jib Albert, b. g., by Albert W (H. Webster).. 1
Lou, b. m., by Ira (W. Donathan) 2
Mabel McKinney, b. m., by McKinney (C.
Thornequest) 3
Nelly Bly, Wlnella and Pilot McLellaa aiso
started and finished In that order.
Time, :33— 1:07%— 1M1H— 2:17H.
Betting: Auctions— Jib Albert $10, field $6.
Books— Jib Albert 7 to 10. Lou 6, Mabel Mc-
Kinney 8, Wlnella 5, Nelly Bly 12. Pilot Mc-
Lellan IS.
FIFTH RACE.
2:40 class, special, pacing, one mile dash;
purse $100.
Charles David, b. g., by Sidney (W. Dono
than) 1
Llndd. blk. m., by Strathaway (Hlllman).... 2
Peanuts, eh. g., by 81dney <K. Williams) 3
Harry Ramon and Polo also started and fin
ished In that order.
Time, :36-l:10%— 1:«%— 2:20%.
Betting: Auctions— Field $12, Charles David
$10. Books— Charles David 3 to 5. Llndo 3, Pea
nuts 8, Harry Ramon 12, Polo 6 to 2.
TO-DAY'S CARD.
First race, 2:30 class, trotting, dash, one mile,
purse $200— D. E. Knight's Silver Queen, J. H.
Nelson's Sabelle, P. H. Qulnn's Forest W. John
Curley's Prince C. Walnut Grove Stock Farm's
Sable Francis, James Thompson's Dexter D.
Rose Dale Stock Farm's Bertha R, C. A. Wln
shlp's Ed. Wlnshlp.
Second race, free-for-all, trotting, dash, one
mile, purße $200— George T. Becker's Zombro,
P. J. Williams' Monterey. Vendome Stock
Farm's Ethel Downs. C. E. Clark's Toggles,
Richard Abie's Galette, Charles L. Griffith's
Aiote, C. A. Wlnshlp's Aster.
Third race, 2:19 class, trotting, heats, two in
three, purse $300— Charles A. Hug's Mojave D
T.. Knight's Maymont, F. Harm's Addlson, P.
J. Williams' Silver Ring, Vendoms Stock
Farm's Iran Alto, George E. Shaw's Uncle
Johnny^.H. C. Barton's Cameo L, E. P. HeaM's
Myrtle Thome.
Fourth race. 2:14 class, pacing, dash, one
mile, purse $200— James Sullivan's Fltx Lee, B.
Stewart's Plunkett. Mrs. E. W. Calendlne's
Dlawood, James Thompson* Little Thome, P.
L. Nanh's Colonel Benton, John Baker's
Ketchum.
Fifth rao« special, named horsss, trotting,
dash, one mile, purse $100— P. H. Quinns Brlce
McNeil, C. F. Bunch's Iran Alto, H. Hf'iman'i
Uncle Johnny, C. Owen's N«llle 13 iy.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, THURSDAY, JTJNE 30, 1898.
CURTIS TALKS
OF BENEFITS
What the Railroad Has
Done for California.
ENCOURAGED MANUFACTURE
CAR WHEELS AND TIMBER ARE
OBTAINED HERE.
Average Rate of Wages of Employes
Greater in California Than Else
where in the "United
.;• States.
Engineer Curtis was on the stand In
United States Commissioner Heacock's
chambers for nearly two hours yesterday
afternoon testifying in answer to ques
tions propounded by William F. Herrin
and E. S. Plllsbury, attorneys for the
Southern Pacific Company. Shortly be
fore 4 o'clock the direct examination was
concluded and It was announced by Dep
uty Attorney General Carter that he
would begin a. lengthy cross-examination
of Mr. Curtis this afternoon, beginning
at 2 o'clock.
"State in a general way," asked Mr.
Herrin, "the benefit accruing to the busi
ness of the State of California by the op
eration of these overland lines."
"The lines lie out of the region which
produces any timber," replied Mr. Curtis,
"and but little if anything of the mate
rial and supplies required for the opera
tion and maintenance of the track. In thia
condition it results that all the materials
required for the maintenance of the line,
bridges, culverts, vessels, etc., are large
ly shipped out from California. The ties,
for instance, come almost exclusively
from the redwood region and from the
timber belt in the northern part of the
State. The material for the maintenance
of the cars and locomotives is largely
produced in California and the repairs
are made in the company's shops in Cali
fornia. The effect of this has been to in
crease tho trade in timber in this State,
to employ many men in the shops in re
pairs and in the making of carwheels,
and tho money received by these men is
disbursed by them in this State or put
into the savings banks of this State to a
very large extent. The money paid to the
lumber and supply men rinds its way into
the channels of trade here. All that is
required for the maintenance of the line—
the woodwork and the manufacture of
large quantities of material for the lino
from the eastern boundary of the State
to the eastern terminus of the lino is pro
cured in California.
"With reference to the maintenance of
the line from Yuma to El Paso, with the
exception of some timber for the main
tenance of the culverts, I would say of
this line exactly what I would have said
of the Central Pacific. All its material
Is purchased from producers and dealers
in California or is manufactured In the
shops here."
The witness then read from a memor
andum the average daily compensation
of railway employes in the eastern por
tion of the United States— oast of tho
Mississippi and Missouri rivers. In the
East the average compensation is fl 77
per day. On the Pacific Coast it is $2 54
per day. For the year ending June 30,
1897, the average daily rate of wages on
tho Pacific system was $2 80. If tho South
ern Pacific Company had paid its em
ployes at the Eastern rate of wages the
company would have saved tf.W.OOO. The
average in California is a little higher
than that paid on tho Pacific system.
A Big Doctor Bill.
Dr. Clarence F. Dickenson filed suit
against the Alaska Commercial Company
to recover $5000 for medical services ren
dered. The plaintiff alleges that in April,
May June and July. 1895, his services
were called in requisition by the defend
ant corporation to treat and care for the
officers and crew of the schooner C G.
White, which was shipwrecked at Kodlak
Island.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
€15 Larkln street; "™n until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o clock.
2.')2fi Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clork.
MEETING NOTICES.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M., ■
Masonic Temple, corner of Post an.l _#\_
Montgomery Called meeting THIS TtZT
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at 7 rW^
o'clock sharp. Third degree. Master Masons
are cordially invited. By order of
THOS. L. HILL, W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. ft
M, will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _J%_
EVENING, June 30, at 7:?," o'clock. /SLJT
Third degree. My order of the Master. ' >
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. m
212, F. and. A. M., meets THIB^%
(THURSDAY) EVENING at T^OTKlr
o'clock for third degree. By order of'V >
the Master. E. C. HARE, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, I. O. <SS^K£>
O. F.— Of fleers anil members meet^23cS£
In Memorial Hall. Thursday.
June 30, at 1:30 p. m., to attend 'v/Jttvv-
funeral of Brother Peter Rehder.
C. E. POST, N. O.
ALTA Lodge No. 205, I. O. O. TT —
Officers ami brothers: You will jaa/SSS^k
assemble at the lodgeroom. Re- *!§3ss«|»£§?
membrance Hall, on FRIDAY, 'HmW*'
July 1, 1893, at 1:30 o'cloc* p. m., to attend
the funeral of our late brother, JOHN LOW.
W. B. HIBBETT. Noble Grand.
TRIUMPH Lodge No. 180, A.O. U.W.- .^UftT
Officers and members you are notlnec'^jgSkc
to meet at your hall Friday. July 1, atfifKJjßg
8:30 a. m., to attend the funeral of oui MiffiS^
late brother, JOHN F. LYONS.
OSCAR FORSBERG, M. W.
J. H. CATTRAN, Recorder.
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Association.
A special meeting will be held THIS
(THURSDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock for
the nomination and election of officers for the
ensuing term. A full attendance Is requested.
By order A. CAMPBELL, President. '
F. E. DURHAM, Recording Secretary.
SPECIAL -NOTICES.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves,- corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, calico, muslins, linings,
shoes, towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the
Pioneer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 5580.
MISS BERTHA GOLDEN, from Chicago, Turk-
lsh baths, 1015 Market St., • bet. Sixth and
Seventh, room 17, second floor.
LILLIAN RUSSELL of Marysville, magnetlst;
returned. 481 Seventh St., Oakland.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans,
baths and massage.' 1118 Market st., room 8.
LARGE pleasure yacht for hire; fishing or ex-
cursion. NELSON, 527 Howard st.
MRS. E. BALDWIN, • magnetic healer; room
98, second floor, 1505 Market st, cor. Eighth.
MISS EMILY POTTER. 865H Market St.. room
12, opp. Baldwin; steam baths and massage.
MISS FLOSSIE . DAVIS, manicure and mas-
sage. Room 7, 1211 Market st. old No. 1007.
ROOMS papered from $2 60; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d.
CLARA NORDLINGER. alcohol baths and
massage. 101 • Eddy St., . room 12.
PEARL PIERCE, manicuring. 230 Kearny st.,
room 20. • ...■■> ..,.»
MISS L. DEAN, 917 Market St.. parlors 11 and
IX, . Turkish i baths and massage treatment.
ETA RALPH, returned; thermal baths, ' mas-
sage. Parlors 1 and 2. 32 Turk at. .; V
MISS SUMMERS, alcohol " and vapor bath*.
116 A Grant aye., room 17. second floor. •.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the East— Baths.
;■ . massage; . assistants. 29 Grant are., room 8.
SPECIAL NOTlCES— Continued.
MIPS SHELDON, steam baths and chiropodist.
1021 Market st.. opp. Powell, rooms 9 and 11.
PEARL HARRISON and assistant, magnetic
treatment, massage. 120% Geary st.. room 2.
MRS. STEWART genuine eteam and cabinet
baths. 120H Geary st. room 11.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 16^ Turk and 111S Market, rms. 16-18.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Hibernla Savings and Loan So"
clety, cor. Market, McAllister and Jones sts.
—San Francisco, June 29, IS3S — At a regular
meeting of the Board of Directors of this so-
ciety, held this day, a dividend ha 3 been de-
clared at the rate of three and three-fifths
(3 3-5) per cent per annum on all deposits for
the six months ending June 30, 1898, free from
all taxes, and payable on and after July 1,
1898. ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Security Savings Bank, 222
Montgomery st., Mills building— Dividends for
the half year ending June 30, 1898, on term
deposits at the rate of four (4) per cent per
annum and on ordinary deposits at the rate
of three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent per an-
num, free of taxes, will be payable on and
after July 1, 1898.
S. L. ABBOT JR., Secretary.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion of California, 222 Sansome St., has de-
clared for the year ending June 30, 1898, a div-
idend of 6 per cent per annum on ordinary
deposits, 7 per cent on one year term de-
posits, 10 per cent to class F stock, and 13
per cent to clans A stock.
DR. ED. E. HILL. President.
CAPT. OLIVER ELDRIDGE, Vice- Pres.
WM. CORBIN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The German Savings and
Loan Society, 626 California st. — For the half
year ending June 30. IS9S, a dividend has been
declared at the rate of four and twenty-hun-
dredths (4.20) per cent per annum on term
deposits and three and one-half (3.&0) per
cent per annum on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after FRIDAY, July 1,
IS9S. GEORGE TOURNY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Savings and Loan Society,
101 Montgomery st., cor. of Sutter — The Board
of Directors declared a dividend for the half-
year ending June 30, IS9B, at the rate of four
(4) per cent per annum on term deposits and
three ajid one-third (3 1-3) per cent per an-
num on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, and
payable on and after Friday, July 1. 3898.
Dividends not called for are added to and
bear the same rate of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and after July 1, 1898.
CYRUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Mutual Savings Bank of
San Francisco, 33 Post St. For the half year
ending June 30. 189 S. a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three and three-quar-
ters (3%) per cent per annum on all deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after Friday,
July 1, 1898. GEORGE A. STORY,
Cashier.
HI'MBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
Geary nt. — The directors have declared the
following Ffiui-annual dividends: Four per
cent per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent
Per annum on ordinary deposits, payable on
and after July 1. 1898.
ERNEST BRAND, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 82. 50c per
chare, of the Oceanic Steamship Company,
■ will be payable at the office of the company,
W Market St., on and after FRIDAY, July
1. IS9S. Transfer books will close on Satur-
day. June 25. 1898. at 12 o'clock m. E. H.
SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment Office— First-class se-
lect help. y.'S> Market St.: phone Clay 130.
SITUATIONS WAXTED- FEMALE.
FIRST-CLAPS German cook deslrt-s situation;
young and strong; best city references. MIS 3
CULLJEN, 325 Sutter st.
SUPERIOR IriFh girl desires situation; good
cook and laundress; best references; city or
country. MISS iTU.EN, 325 Slitter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation at house-
w nk or as nurse, $10 to $15; references. MISS
(TI.LKN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish housegirl, with 2 years'
references; good cook and laundress; city or
country. MRS. NORTON. 313 Putter St.
YOUNG cnlored woman with gwl references;
flrst-claes cook and housewnrker; city or
country. Apply MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
GERMAN girl wishes place to takf care of
children, si-onnd work or housework; good
references; $12 to $15. MRS. NORTON, 313
Suiter st.
Nl KBEJR of plrla of all nationalities await-
ing situations at MRS. HIRD'fcS Employment
Office. 631 l^arkln St.; tel. Sutter 62.
SWEDISH housework girl desires situation;
bo«t Of reference. J. F. CIiOSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
SITUATION wanted by competent German;
general servant; excellent cook and laun-
dress ; highest references. S., 313 Bush st.
WANTED— Situation by a middle-aged woman;
Is i pood cook; will do general housework;
will work for moderate wages; city or short
distance in the country; Is willing arid oblig-
ing. Apply 10 Stockton place, off Stockton St.,
between Post and Sutter.
WANTED by woman in great need of work,
washing, cleaning or will do washing at
home fur any one who will bring It in. Ap-
uly ''hildren's Day Home, 110 Hayes st.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper by a re-
liable American woman with a child; city or
country; first-class cook, with best refer-
ences. B. C, box 1909, Call office.
YOUNG woman wants «lace to do housework;
assist cooking: 2 or 3 In family; good hand
sewer; 12 to 15; references; no postals. 731
Laurel aye., off Buchanan st.
YOUNG lady wishes to go out part of the day
and assist with light housework and sewing
or take care of a child. Call 542 Minna st.
from 9 to 2 o'clock; no postals.
TRUSTWORTHY woman wishes position as
housekeeper or lady's companion; city or
country; good references. Call or address 916
Seventh aye., East Oakland.
GERMAN woman wants a few more places to
wash or any kind of work by the day. Call or
address MRS. BADER, 79 Clementina St.,
near Second.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to do
housework and cooking: wages $12. 264% Te-
hama st. Call for two days.
WANTED by young American, situation as
coachman and gardener; can milk; refer-
ences. Box 349, Call.
YOUNG girl wishes position as companion to
lady; wages no object. Call or address 43S
Fourth St., room 11.
YOUNG Danish lady wishes engagement in em-
broidery and initial sewing; first-class work.
Box 642. Pall office.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes to do
cooking in the country; best references given.
155 Natoma st.
"WOMAN wants work by the day. washing,
houseoleanlng. 879 Hayes St., near Flllmore,
basement.
REFINED lady wishes nituatlon as house-
keeper; is a good cook. Apply 807 Howard st.
YOUNG woman would like to do housework.
Call 435 Bryant Bt.
YOUNG girl for housework or chamber work.
Inquire 710 Folsom st. ; no postals answered.
NEAT Danish girl wishes to do housework In
nice family; $15. 33 Juniper St., off Folsom.
YOUNO woman wants washing and house-
cleaning by the day. Call at 541 Linden aye.
WOMAN would like work by the day, wash-
Ing, lroglng or cleaning. 372 Linden aye.
WOMAN with child 6 years old wants a situ-
ation to do general housework. Room 44,
St. George Hotel, 812 Kearny st.
YOUNG girl of 21 wishes position to take care
of child; speaks English and French. Call
or address 919 Clay st.
SITUATION wanted by an elderly woman to
do light work; small wages. Apply 1000
Washington st.
SITUATION wanted by a competent woman to
do general housework, city or country. Call
at 759 Mission st.
LADY'S maid or nurse wishes a situation;
best references given. Apply 1113 Pacific st.
WOMAN would like chamberwork in hotel or
lodging-house. MRS. X, 55 Lundy Lane.
2 GERMAN girls; light housework or bakery.
Apply 2623 Bryant St., bet. 24th and 25th.
WANTED — By a young lady position as house-
keeper. Box W B 26, Call Office.
FIRST-CLASS colored woman wishes situa-
tion as cook. Address LAURA JOHNSON,
1006 Clay st.
YOUNG French lady, fresh wet nurse, wishes
situation In some family. Inquire MRS.
BERNARD, midwife, 801 Vallejo st.
MONTGOMERY, 527, cor. Clay-Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of Ths Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS W ANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau; best help
promptly. 122 Golden Gate; tel. South 171.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414V4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 416.
WANT work badly, can make and repair mat-
tresses, do any kind of upholstering, cleaning
and refitting carpets; will wok cheap. Ad-
dress R. JAMESON, 614 Howard, room 17.
SOBER Frenchman, age 51, first-class refer-
ences as gardener, driver or Interior work;
wishes steady employment in first-class fam-
ily. A. VITTU, 540 Washington st.
YOUNG man, 21, well" recommended, having
knowledge of bookkeetfng and typewriting,
desires any employment In Interior; compen-
sation low. Box 4sB», Call office.
SITUATIONS AVANTED— Continued.
SITUATION wanted as bookkeeper and type-
writer, college graduate. Inexperienced. Ad-
dress or call 426 Eddy st.
YOUNG man, acquainted with city, wishes po-
sition as driver; strictly temperate and re-
liable.
YOUNG man, understands work around private
place, wants position in city or country. Ad-
dress box 129, Call office.
YOUNG man, handy with tools and good
teamster, desires situation. Address LEWIS,
box 20, Call office.
SITUATION take care private place, city or
country, by steady middle-aged man: refer-
ence. Address G. M., box 77, Call offle.
STRONG young man (German) wants a situa-
tion in or near this city. EMILE FUCHS,
804 Kearny St., city .
WANTED— By gentleman of good appearance
and address day or night employment; can
give very best of references. A. B. ( box 4,
Call office.
POSITION as assistant bookkeeper and sten-
ographer and typewriter by a young man;
first-class references. S., box 498, Call office.
FOREMAN bread baker wants work. 712
Polk st.
MAN and wife, competent American couple,
want situation with a family, city or coun-
try, as man about place and cook, etc. ; wages
$80; references given. Address care of 104
Geary St., S. F. ; telephone Grant 185.
COACHMAN who understands his business, so-
ber and reliable, wants pos.itlon on private
place in country or country town; references;
wages $30. Address G. W., box 277. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER— First-class double entry and
correspondent; Al city references. Box W,
Call office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 23c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable: fre»
'bus and baccate to and from ferry.
HEM* WANTED— FEMALE.
GIRL; 14 to 18 years of aue; can have good
country home and small wages; to assist
lady; fee and fare paid. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WAITRESS, mountain resort, San Mateo Co.,
$20; waitresses, different country hotels, $20;
housework girls, country. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
HOUSEWORK pirl. Mountain View, $20; Menlo
Park, $25; Belvedere, $25; Reno, $15; 12 house-
work girls, city, $20 and $25; 6 young girls,
assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
A YOUNG lady, office work; must under-
stand stenography, $20. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
A COOK. $2."; second girl. $15; same house.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
A NEAT young girl, no cooking, $12 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, city, $20:
chamberwork and wait, Haki-rsfleld. $20; 6
waitresses, cuuntry, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
A FRENCH maid, $25; 2 chambermaids, lodg-
ing house, $15 each; nurse, Belvedere, $25.
MISS CULLKN, S^G Sutter st.
A WOMAN with a child, ns housekeeper, $12;
see party here 9:20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter Bt.
A REFINED German nurse, child 5 years, $18.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A FRENCH cook, $30. MISS CULLEN, 825
.Sutter rt.
COMPANION to Invalid lady, $15 per month!
MISS CULZiEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
A GERMAN or French cook, or cook German
Style, 2 In family, $30. MISS CULLEN. 325
Kutter st.
A NURSE girl, sleep home, $10 per month.
MISS CUIiLiEN, 525 Putter st.
6 WAITRESSES for Banta t'ruz: see party here
11 o'clock to-day; $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
3 EXTRA waitresses, $1 50 a day and fare both
ways; for mountain resort: 8 days' work. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt.
WAITRESS and chamberwork. resort; free
fare; $20. C. It. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
2 WAITRESSES, same hotel, Stockton $20
Waitress, Napa |f)
Waitress, springs H
C. K. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
4 WAITRESSES, first-class water resort; fare
one way; $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., IJ4
Geary st.
COOK, Menlo Park, plain washing, $20; girl for
housework, San Rafael, $20: San Leandro, $20;
and 20 girls for city, $20 and $25; young
girls, 8 to 12, nurse, care of baby, $10, fee
paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HOTEL cook: country; $30. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter «t.
TWO sisters or friends as cook and second girl;
$20 each; Santa i'ruz; see party here 11
o'clock. MBS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
BOARDING-HOUSE cook and second girl; $25
and $15; short distance. MRS. NORTON. 313
Sutter st.
GERMAN nursegirl, 1 child of 7 years, $15;
German girl, bakery, $15. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, $20; housegirl, 2 in family,
$20; German cook, $23; second girl. $20; young
Klrl to assist, $10 to $12; colored woman, $12.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
FRENCH or Swiss cook, no wash, $30; cook,
wash and ironer, $30; nursery governess, $25;
second girl, part washing, $20; German
seamstress and nurse, $20; cook, German
Btyle, $25; 6 waitresses and chambermaids
$2u, $25; and girls for cooking and housework
in city and country. J. F. CROSETT &CO
316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Swedish cook, country, $25; Swedish
second cook, name place, $20; housekeeper,
country, $12; Swedish laundress, $25; German
cook, small family, $23; waitress, hotel, .-ity,
$20; 2 waitresses, country, $20 each. LEON
ANDRE, 316 Stockton st.
WANTED— Waitress, nice resort, $20; fare
paid; no office fee. W. D. EWER & CO
626 Clay st.
CASHIER and typewriter; office assistant:
dental assistant; bookkeeper; governess. 313
Bush st.
HOUSEKEEPER: head laundress: salesladies;
hair dresser; chambermaids and waitresses;
excellent positions. 313 Bush st.
TEN good reliable girls wanted, wages, $20 to
$25; references both ways. 313 Bush st.
2 WAITRESSES to assist chamberwork, $20
HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
YOUNG lady for candy store; must have ex-
perience selling candy and at fountain. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11, BERNHEIM & BLUM,
cor. Polk and Sutter sta.
WANTED— A good shirt waist Ironer Imme-
dlately; situation good until late In autumn.
Apply at French Steam Laundry, B st., San
Rafael.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for light housework:
comfortable home; moderate wages. 716
Franklin st.
GOOD, reliable woman to assist dressmaking,
light housekeeping; good home to right party'
873 Hayes st. *'
YOUNG girl to help housework and with chil-
dren: German preferred; small wages. 1242
Mission st.
GERMAN woman as housekeeper; good cook;
speaks English; call early. 209 Third st.
GIRL wanted for light housework; wages $6
a month. 462 Tehama st.
A FIRST-CLASS tailoress to work on pants
244 Minna st.
NEAT young girl, 15 to 16, for light house-
work. 32 Sixth st.
RESPECTABLE girl for light housework; ref-
erences. Apply 77V4 Fourth st.
GIRL or middle-aged woman for housework.
716 Green st.
WANTED— A chambermaid. Apply Central
Hotel, 530 Third st.
FRENCH orphan girl wanted, 14 to 16, as com-
panion to lady, and assist In light housework
in famll- of 2; $8 a month and good perma-
nent home for clean, good-tempered girl,
willing to learn. Address, giving reference,
F. 0., box 260. Call Office.
A.— WANTED — Saleslady for Jewel novelties;
must furnish cash secrulty. KREDO & CO.,
22% Geary st.
WANTED— Competent German girl to do gen-
eral housework. Apply 317 Larkln st.
EXPERIENCED cutter on ladles 1 wrappers,
skirts, etc., few days in week or evenings.
Apply 338 Fell St., from 7 to 8 a. m. or p. m.
WANTED— A competent nurse: first-class city
references; none other need apply. 2235 Post
St., near Devisadero. Call after 11 o'clock.
WANTED — A few hundred more operators at
LEVI. STRAUS * factory, 32Vi Fre-
mont st. Inquire for Mr. Davis.
LEARN dressmn ng and millinery: positions
free: patterns 2Gc up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttins School, 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit: no trying on: trial frea.
WANTED— GirIs and ladles to learn "Rood's
magic scale dress cutting system" complete In
10 days; open evenings; good pay. 207 Taylor.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 60. postage
free.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED — Man to milk and do chores about
gfiitleman'a place In Sonoma County, $16 and
found; also farmers, milkers, laborers, cooki,
waiters and dishwashers; choreman. nrar
city, »25. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— S saddle makers for factory In city.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st.
HELP WANTED—Contlnued.
rrrrrrrrrrrrrMUßßAY & ready :
WANT TO-DAY
2222 MEN
625 railroad teamsters $175 day
free for Northern California fare
325 laborers, teamsters, railroad.... sl 75 day
free for Northern California fare
215 teamsters and laborers, railroad, $1 75 day
free for Eastern California fare
116 laborers and teamsters $1 7o day
For Middle California •
12 laborers for brickyards $26 and found
Into every county of California
89 farm hands are wanted.... s26, $25 and $20
9 milkers $25 and $20
3 butter makers $25 and found
For a great commercial bank
15 men to dig small trench, etc.; pick fruits,
etc., $20 per month and found
....For one of California's greatest industries
21G wood choppers $1 50 and $1 cord
26 sawmill men laborers $26 and found
212 tiemakers Be. 9c, 10c, He each
..' Right here In San Francisco
26 teamsters $175 and $150 day
16 laborers $175 and $1 «0 day
young man to run a rib saw
TO ARIZONA
800 men wanted
also hundreds
of other places too numerous to advertise;
come and read our bulletins.
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents on
the Pacific Coast.
A— YEAR 1849 to year 1897
$ $1,269, 115, 604 dollars $
not silver but gold was produced
In California To-day we want
to ship to the great mines
35 gold miners $2 60 day
118 laborers around mines wages
from $2 50 day
S. P. R. R. and S. J. V. R. R. have given us
special reduced railroad rates to works.
MURRAY & READY,
034 and 636 Clay st.
A— 3 WAITERS, country hotels... s3o and found
6 waiters, country hotels $25 and found
3 waiters, country resorts $25 and found
3 waiter boys $20 and $15 and found
2 porters, country hotels $25 and found
6 extra waiters, free fare both ways ?2 day
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
A— GROCERY clerk and tend bar, $25 and
found; city Job; middle-aged man. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 3 BAKERS, country shops. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— COOK and wife
Man as cook, wife as chambermaid; small
country hotel. Santa Clara County. MURRAY
& HEADY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— 6 COOKS for different places
9 dishwashers for different places
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— PLUMBER for an Institution; see boss
here. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
A— BLACKSMITH for a ranch near city. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 63« Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 104 Geary at....
WANTED
For Skaguay. Alaska railroad
steamer sails this morning at 10 o'clock
Mr. Stanley of Skaguay will be here at 7
a, m. to hire all the laborers, rockmen and
bridge carpenters at from $3 to $3 85 a day
who want to go; special reduced rates on
steamer. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
3 LABORERS; 4 teamsters; 2 wheeler load-
ers; 2 wheeler dumpers: 3 slopers. $1 75 and
$2 a day For the coast road to the
front; call 7 o'clock this morning with
blankets ready to go free fare.
C. R, HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary et.
FOR A MINING COMPANY
10 laborers for different klmis of labor in
and around a mine; wages from $1 60 to $2 50
a day; steady work the year round; special
reduced rates of fare to the job from C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
10 TUNNEL men. $2 to $2 50 a day: long job;
boss here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
FOR THE WOODS
Head logger, $G0 and board; screw turner, $45
and board; cross cuttor. $35 and board; 5
barkers and buckerp, $35 and board. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
9 FARMERS, different ranches. $20 and board;
milker, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO:. 104
Geary st.
5 SADDLE-MAKERS; see boss here. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
'i:\MSTERS and laborers; free fare: for the
Valley road; ship every day; free fare. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COOKS
Camp cook, 550, for a railroad camp, see boss
here 8 a. m. ; second cook and baker, $45;
German lunchman, saloon, $20; 2 porter boys,
restaurant, $20 each; pantryman, summer re-
sort, $20; dishwasher, resort, $20; camp cook,
$40.
BAKERS
Baker and pastry cook, assist on range, $45;
second baker, small shop, near city, $35 and
found; baker's helper, $25 and found.
WAITERS
W alter, summer resort. $25; 2 waiters, com-
mercial hotels, $25; 2 waiters for a railroad
camp. $20 each
4 colored waiters for a summer resort, $25
each
LAUNDRY HELP
2 men to run a small country hotel laundry,
$75 and found; man and wife, laundrymeh,
country hotel, -$50 and found; ironer, $30;
ptarcher, $25: marker and distributor, south,
$30 and found; washer, $30, hotel laundry.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SECOND butler $25, see party here; young
Scandinavian for indoor servant, $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANT KD— Machinist for country: miner, $2 50
day; Swedish farmer, $25; farmers for Napa
and Alameda counties, $20; farmer and wife,
$40: laborers for city and country; boy for
milk wagon; teamsters; choreman for gentle-
man's place, $150 year; first-class fruit farm-
er, $30; and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Restaurant cook, $10 week; night
cook; porter for springs; waiters, dishwash-
ers and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — 2 solicitors for a good paying propo-
sition; money in it. W. D. EWER & CO.,
626 Clay st.
WANTED— Man and wife, private place, coun-
try, $40; first and Becond cooks for hotel, $65
and $40; second cook and pastry, $40; night
cook. $8 week; night waiter. $35; waiter,
country', $20; butler, $35; second butler, $25
to $30: kitchen boy. private place, $20; ironer,
country, $30; shirt ironer, $35, etc. ANDRE'S
316 Stockton st.
NEAT young man; indoor work; $25 to $30 and
found; private family. MISS CULLEN, 326
Sutter st.
BOY to do chamberwork; $15 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
BOY to deliver newspapers; $15 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MAN to run edger, $2 50 a day; 6 scraper
teamsters, city, $1 50 a day: 4 farmers, $26; 6
farmers, $20; man about place, $15; waiter,
$22 50 and room; cellar man, $26. R. T.
WARD & CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
SHIPPING clerk; 2 porters for commission
house; driver for bakery. 313 Bush st.
SALESMAN for machinery; liquor traveler;
bookkeeper; office assistant; store porter. 213
Bush st.
INGINEER for Oregon; iron workers; seed
salesman; 50 orders open. 31S Bush st.
WATCHMAN, janitors, porters, butlers, fire-
man; investigate new proposition, subscrip-
tion. 313 Bush st.
THREE waiters, same country hotel, $26;
coofc, $50; young hotel porter, $12. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny et.
WANTED— IO energetic men and women for
employment at home or abroad; capital of
from $3 to $7 necessary. Apply at 142H Fourth
St., Thursday, Friday and Saturday only.
BOY to work In bake shop; one living with
parents. 61J Kearny st.
MUSICIANS— Cornet player wanted at Foster's
Dancing School, 1358 Market st.
WANTED— Good dishwasher, at Flfth-st. Res-
taurant. 432^r Fifth st.
WANTED— Good waiter; steady; restaurant.
Apply 3 Jackson st.
COMPETENT barber; steady work. Call at
702 Montgomery, rm. 3, bet. 11 and 12 a. m.
BARBER wanted; steady Job. 203 Montgom-
ery aye.
WANTED— A good German cook. 137 Fourth
street.
MONEY; want to make more than your neigh-
bors? Write me. Manufacturer, box 1275
Boston, Mass.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21' and
30 years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their intention to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height. For further
information apply at the recruiting office, 20
Ellis St., San ■Francisco. Cal.
GARDENER wanted for a commercial place;
must be a practical rose and carnation grow-
er; state wages and experience. Commercial
box 943. Call office.
TWO good, reliable men to Investigate some-
thing new; to the right parties flrat-cless in-
ducements offered. Sox 14, Call office.
TAILORS— Wanted, a. good pants and vest
maker for the country. Apply to STEIN
SIMON & CO.. Market and Second sts.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wanted to take Care ot
two children. P. PEDRAZZINI, Fruitvale.
BAILORS and ordinary wanted at LANE'S,
604 Davis st., near Jackson.
"WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno Houoe proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per nljrht: fl to f3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764^1 Mission,
men to take rooms; 10c, 16c and ate per
night; 60c, 900 ar.d fl par week.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
SHOEMAKERS to buy findings and leather;
wholesale prices; men's uppers to order $1 up.
921 Howard st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling, 35c; only one price. 959 Howard st.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College, 13S& Eighth st.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. 3.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.: tel. Grant 136.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and l. r .c night: 75c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— To - . .leet wages duo laborer? and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Kutt'-r st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Thir-i St. n*ar
Market; 200 rooms. 2."c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to anil from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
SURE and quick seller: we want live agents;
new; money. Room 1408, Cl.ius Spreckels bdg.
WANTED— Good solicitors for coffee and tea;
ladies preferred. 901 Washington st.. Oakland.
AGENTS wanted— A good proposition. Call
1103 Howard.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HOUSES WANTED.
12 OR 15 ROOM house, centrally located; reno-
vated to suit: rent not over $"0. Box 65. Call.
ROOMS WANTED.
AN unfurnished sleeping room; sunny; within
6 bleaks of 3d and Market: state price per
month. R., box 67. Call Office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— A good second-hand English
saddle; must be in perfect condition and
price reasonable. Address H. S., box 82,
WANTED— Second-hand X-ray machine; must
be cheap. Box 9984, Call office.
SCALE, safe, coffee mill, desk, letter press;
cheap, at 621 Mission st.
GOOD double action harp very cheap. Box
774. Call office.
PERSONALS.
GREVEN'S latest war song, "Remember. Boys,
the Maine," is a big hit all over the coun-
try: for sale at the music stores, at Odd Fel-
lows' Hall and office rooms, 121 and 122 Mur-
phy building. 1236 Market st.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dea;-r in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth, Oakland.
I TAKE pride in doing only the most artis-
tic hair dressing: price 25c only; good
switches $1; best, finest quality, $3 50; extra
heavy, long. $5; open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
Qt.'INON'IA hair tonic builds and strengthens
the hair. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton it.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third Bt.. near Marke*; 200 rooms.
25c to $1 B0 per night; $1 50 to J6 per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS. JOHNSON S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary st.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. !■.
LKMOS. 1117 Market ft., bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. !U6 Market Ft.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished tranc«
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced sh*
will reveal every hidden mystery In life: sh»
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost.
Btolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. 11-urs
10 a. m. to sp. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 2S. 1206 Market St., opposite Sixth.
PROFESSOR OMAR
THE OCCULT WONDER
Gives invaluable advice on anything you may
be In trouble or in doubt of. Full names,
dates, facts, etc., in all cases. Satisfaction
guaranteed. Fee. $1 and $2. 32F. Bddy st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight: diagnosis disease, full life reading; la.
60c.gents$l; palm, andclalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE, 1104 Market St.
(Vendome building) — Trance medium; unites
the separated; changes luck: locates burled
treasures; letters answered; inclose stamp.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 14S Sixth st.. room 10.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card
reader; 25c up; by mall $1. 73 Fourth st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25e up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny St., room t.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first ir. her pro-
fesslon: never falls: advice; help 929 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. BUTLER, clairvoyant and spiritual me-
dium; Hindoo control; 10 to 5. 579 Geary.
CIRCLE to-day, 2 p. m. : Tuesday, 8 p. m.
. 11214 Oak st. C. MAYO-STEERS; readings, sl.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night: 10c. 605 McAllister; come skeptics.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate writing me-
dium. 118 Halght Bt.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st.: read-
ings, $1; clr. Tues., Frl.. 2 p. m. : Sat. 8; 25c.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 212H Sixth st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton «t.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER— Free lecture Sunday. 3 p.
m. , SO5 I.arkin; readings at res., 353 Geary st.
LOST.
LOST — English concertina. 4S keys; metal ends;
maker, Shakspeare; violin maple back, 3 pat-
ent keys; liberal reward and no que^ti. -is
asked. Foster Dancing School, 135S Market st.
$10 REWARD— Lost, in San Fran. I
land, on Tuesday, June 21, a gold snake lace
pin with diamond in center. Address 674 East
Twenty-sixth st., East Oakland.
LOST— Fox terrier bitch with hlack and yellow
spot on right eye, from 420 Herman; reward.
SMALL black and tan, large eyes, named
Nellie. 230 Oak st. Reward.
LOST — In San Rafael, June 22, sealskin cape.
Finder will be liberally rewarded by return-
Ing same to MRS. J. W. COCHRANE, San
Rafael.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernla Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Franclsm 'n
the name of ELLEN HAVES. No. U I
The finder will please return to bank.
FOUND— A Columbia bicycle. 29 Third st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st
ALL private law casesT Insolvency, collections.
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe, lOSLarkin.
L. STCLARK-Emma Bprecieb bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation freej \_no fees In advance.
ADVICE free on all leeal matters. T. W.
STACK. 14 McAllister st.. room 64.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIcT'IDomestTc. Stager and Wklta
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 191 a Mlsaloa st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomry.
YOST, good order $25; send for sample work.
SCOTT & BANNAN, 333 Montgomery St.
STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co. I
office. Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Qolden West Stor-
age warehouse. 840 Mission -st. ; tel. Mint 15 2 L
CHIItOPODISTS.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, expert chiropodist; eleotrto
treatment for corns and bunions. 304 Butter, r. 4,Bl SIJTESS CH LKCE4.
tISOO— RESTAURANT near Market st.; meals
T25 cents and upward; elegant furniture; must
X be sold ift one- on account ot sickness. M.
LESS. 765 Market st,7 ; QPP-" Phelaji buHalng.
KM— SALOON~near Kearny Bt.*; established 15
years? doing a good profitable business; more
than value in stock. M. LESS. 765 Market St..
opposite Phelan building. ■;'"
tiwo— rORNTH crocery and bar. established 40
unrx •.'ini.-nal location; vicinity Call
lan™R= " n£g£ stock; Hs? »>ar trade, both
trlns em and-regular; this offer Is very best
lr its lir<- to-day; full investigation afforded
and Elicited. Si'LeSS. 765 Market st _
A-S>ooo-;S\LOON in the very best location.
Wester; ,Vddiiir:i. doing a first-class paying
business; owner engaged in other business;
must sacrifice; not all cash needed. WILKE.
845 Market st. . ,
tl old established
on Third ?t.. <
open-
■ ■■
bud.
aring easl-
Market.
A— slS9O; CORNER grocery and bar; double
store; '< living rooms: horse and wat'on; rent
$50; first-class business; only cash trade; sick-
ness in family compels owner to leave the
ctiy: a very rare business opening. WILKE.
Hi' Market st.
'|i*2E,C— BARROOM doing a first-class paying
business and elegantly fitted up; close lo
Palace Hotel; rent $50; a rare uainesi open-
Ing. <.sll WILKE, 7&S Market St., new num-
ber M 5.
$150--I'ARTNER wanted; a good coffee saloon
and lunch rooms in a good location; __ doing
a good, profitable business. M. LESS. 765
Market St.. opposite Pho'an building^
$K.O— SALOON, with 3 living rooms; old estab-
lished: rent only $12; must be sold at once
as owner has other business on hand. M.
Li".?S. 765 Market St., opposite Phelan build-
ing.
fFT A neat office business; suitable for lady or
•■man; no experience necessary: must be
sold to-day. M. LESS. 765 Market St.. oppo-
site Phelan building.
$250— SALOON principal street; central; old es-
tablished; rent $25; receipts $8 to ?i» daiiy: a
rare chance; don't miSB It. M. LESS, 765
Market st.
$$00— COFFEE saloon and lunch bouse in vi-
c'nlt building;
tabllshed place doinj sick-
ness, ale. M LESS, 765 Marl
|HQ— SALOON with living rooms, near Market
st : rent only I bed many years;
a bargain. M. LESS. 765 Market St., opposite
Phelan building.
% FiriST-CLASS. corner grocery and bar, 4 rooms
* and bath. Is offered at Invoice value: bar re-
ceipts aione average $350 to $4"<j monthly;
mostly gentlemen's trade; you get trial it in
earnest. M. LESS, 765 Market St., opp. Phelan
building.
A- |M 69; WOOD, coal, hay, grain and boarding
stable, kkki " ' .<, CO., BVi Qea
A— s:-, INT. $30 dally; 1 steady
boarders; other good restaurants from S2<X)
to $8000 KREDO & CO., 224 Geary Bt.
i ,NER grocery and bar; a rare chance;
best location in city: receipts (20 dally; full
valui KREDO «V CO.. 22% Geary at.
A- |3DO; branch bakery, notions and school sup-
. ;i:i)O & CO.. 224 Ueary.
11100— FAMILY liquor store with bar and side
entrance; \a.!ue in stock. KRELK3 & CO.
11000— GROCERY, Oakland; exchange for
ranch: also $2000, grocery and bar; exchange
for Oakland or Alameda home. KREDO &
i- lERY, and bar, with wine-making
otitfll Llii n; g 1 stock; rent
a bargain. City ■ Market st.
t . and bar; North Beaoh; long-
.. 4 living rooms, guaranteed busi-
■ ' . Mark'-t st.
I- . item Addition;
llshed; choice lot customers; rent
etc., worth $1000. City
et st.
Taurant for sale in Oak-
i- liad the place S years, loca-
I in the city; on principal
■ learing $200 per month;
a ran an . as the proprietor is uo-
i - Europe. Mclaughlin & co., 23
I GREAT sacrifice; fruit, vegetable store;
■ $12 to $20 day; must
BARRETT, 112". Mark-- 1 venth.
I RY and I . good
rent $11 mo. UARRETT, 1125 Market.
YOUN r with few hundred dol-
In established grocery and bar; Catholic
I t.ike inexperienced man If
■c; references, leading wholesale houses.
\ :-2. rail office.
ARTNKK wanted; light business; indoor
... no night or Sunday work; experienca
redj trial gii $30 a w**lf
an be made. D tieary St., room 2.
coal, hay and feed store at the
i, wagons, etc.; no opposition;
owns buildings; rent {•- per month; best of
ling;. HEALY, I'l7 Market st.
. l steady plumber and tinsmith can take
--used shop in center of town St. Helena;
red; r^nt $10 n; .nth. Address
ROSSI i ANDERSON, St. H^leno.
$2'""io vim. buy one of the best paying small
hotel and saloon businesses In Vallejo; owner
wishes to retire. Inquire ut CHARLES SEE-
MAM, 516 Kearny st. S. F.
J " STATIONERY and candy business; furni-
ture, etc.; rar" chance; owr.pr leaving
no rfasonable offer refused; investigate.
Turk and Hyde sts.
j i ILL secure a $'j75 saloon proposition;
l.alf block north of Market; central lo-
cation; Investigate quickly. Apply City
Market st.
HER SHOP ■ -' very
I business; satisfactory reasons for sell-
: vest 1 gate. S., box 454, Call
F*iß Sale at once, because of the sickness of
the owner, a saloon situated next to 2 fac-
tories. Apply (."all office.
11 BDDY Bl Food corner busi-
ness with saloon fixtures; good for grocery;
also very cheap rent.
(SALOON and 3 living rooms; rent 118; same
hands 14 years; opposite new postofflce site.
iventfc st.
CIGAR Btore tor sale cheap: good reasons for
Market Ft., i
flc- 1^ — FINE corner saloon; 4 living r.joms; rent
bargain. 3?. l Sixth Kt.
G<»ii> shoemaker shop for sale. Inquire 303
Third st.
AN extraordinary char.cc,- %lSfiQ for coal busi-
ness; inert; buildings; office;
6 wagons: .'. 1. rses: ftnam enf.;.
fa-.v; stock on hand, etc; yard !
rent; owner going ;■ Mask:,. Bee B. 11.
MATHER ft SON, 460 Ninth st..
FOR SALE- Five years' lease of a good fur-
nished hotel In a prosperous mining cnixip, 14
mi'SH from rallroiid; one <!m.\k ride fruni San
Frvticlsoo; twenty-five rooms, some having
tw< h<->ls; 25 to 3u regular boarders, -w!
$22 50 per month; aleo good traiiMlt-nt
profit in bar trad'- $150 to $300 per m nth.
For particulars inquire at &j1 California st.,
room 1.
FOR SALrE— One-third or 4 inter"?: In a first-
class hardware anil plumbing bus'ness in
MQO inhabitants near San i-'ianclsco,
In the cet •■at dairy, poultry, fruit
and farming districts in the r jiar-
Hjm Inquire of SANFORD BENNETT,
Beale St.
CONFECTIONERY, good-will, etc., at sacrl-
■wner r^tlrin^-; 38 years' staniins; choice
trade; central location. Inquire 401 Post St.,
•i Powell.
; n.t a sacrifice — Corner butcher shop;
. ■ - '_ per day; rent. Including stable,
irin! given. Corner Leaven worth and
'.way.
FOR SALE— SIIO; big bargain; candy and cigar
store; 3 living-rooms; furniture; cheap rent;
sickness cause of aal«. £2S Third st.
?|A FOR SALE— Saloon, stock and fixtures; good
;t\ reasons for selling; no reasonable offer re-
fused. 434 Pine St., cor. Kearny.
» BRANCH bakery and chop house: good bar-
gain; selling reasons good. 300 Hayes st.
f FOR Ral<! in Fruitvale— Branch bakery, a no-
tlon store; nice line of confectionery, station-
ery, cigars and tobacco; also news depot,
# laundry and employment office; next to camp;
good reason for selling; living rooms; low
rent. liox 3C4, Call office. ;
PARTNER wanted to buy interest in patent;
said pattmt J«. needed; will pay; offer bona
jI fide. Address VAN SV'uar £73, Call offlce.
RESTAURANT and chop house opposite
tT\ the ferries: bargain If sold immediately. Call
ii 18 East st.
.& GROCERY and bar; must be sold on account
i of sickness. 730 Minna St.. near Eighth.
| GROCERY and bar; old-established place. Ap-
1 ply at 252 First St., corner Clementina.
C FOR sale— Branch bakery and notion store.
1209 Devisadero st. -
■ I WANTED— to buy a butcher shop. F. P., box
■■ _I^. 4 Z_£ aU offlce - -
.1 FOR sale— 2 old established groceries and
.'.} bars; price $12t.0. Box 201, Call [flee.
1 LONG established corner saloon: must be sold;
,"J? cheap if at onco. Box 32C6, Call office. ,
I WANTED^Active partner; OHof Eden Med.
Co., cor. Broadway, Telegraph and 18th, Oak.
" : FOR fale or exchange— Lodging house con-
L taining GO furnished rooms; good location;
■ i owner has other business. Inquire 132 First st.
rK GOOD restaurant for sale; nice business for
31 man and wife that are willing to'work; cheap
ll for ca*h. Address G., box 7, Call office.
I^U^ 0 - SALOON; day business. 506 Clay st.
DUSIXESS CHAXCES— Continued.
FOR^pale^Come'r liquor store; good location;
good chance. Apply 132 First St.
FOR sale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars jtpply at Call business ontoe.
FOR rent— lmproved place. 5 acres. For sale—
1 horse, wagon, cow. 300 hens. Address box
32, CfltaU. Sonoma. County, Cal. ________
FIRST-CLASS barber shop doing fine business;
reason for selling, sickness. Address box 63,
CaJl office.
COFFEE an'l tea routes supplied from GEO.
\V. I ASWELL & C 0.'5 ,.415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
CO-ROOM German hotel $110$
SG-room corner huu.se; clears $300 1400
- 2iJ- rooms; rent $50; central i f >so
21-room house. ...s 4M|CS-rm. house; c0r... 54000
. IS rms.; boarding 1500 22-room house 850
13 mis.; corner... MOO 10 rms.; fine cor... soo
_ mis.; must sell 10u0',15 rms.; on 4th St.. 250
(Hiier houses, i to 300 rooms; prices $100 to
S'X'OO •
. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
ELEGANT furniture of 31-room houEe; excel-
. lent location; low rent; very cheap. C. 11.
TAYLOR _ CO., 1023 Market st. .
•FURNITURE of 0-room Hat; a sacrifice; owner
Kf.liiK to Europe. C: H. TAYLOR & CO.,
I 1023 Market st. ! : .
! COMPLETELY furnished apartment house; 62
I rooms and store: low rent; or trade fur city
or Oakland property. C. H. TAYLOR & CO..
1"23 Market st. . / .
A.— KREDO & CO. 22^ Geary Ft.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS. "
7 rooms; Geary st.; elegant: new $225
8 room*; Jones st. : clears $20 2f>a
9 ms; nicest little house on Taylor St.. 350
Many larte houses from M to £00 rooms,
too numerous to mention. KREDO «fc CO.
SO ROOMS; good paying house; will sell for
par ( cash or. exchange fur smaller house and
some cash., C. box '.'4. Call Oftice.
FOR SALE— ?3OO; a nloely furnished lodging
house of 22 rooms: all occupied: rent $35.
ROB BOHMANBSON, 501 Folsm St.. cor. Ist.
19 ROOMS furnished: rent $33; good living;
cheap for cash; owner goes away. 18 7th st.
$2700 CASH will buy house of 24 rooms; cheap
rent: north of and near Market St.; good
paying and \n-'.l established. Box 113. .('all.
FUIixiTUKE I'OH SALE.
*60— FURNITURE of 5-room cottage for sale.
Address box 2C, Call Office.
FOLDING BED, bedroom and kitchen furni-
ture, ling, range, etc. 424 Tehama St.,
near Fifth.
MUSICAL i:\SIHIMKNTS.
AS we are Felling good upright pianos for $1
cash and $C per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. I'rices are the
Eame as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
IB per month BHERMAN, CLAY A CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
M- . Sari Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Piano*, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
ett. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
AS vacation la here, freight being low, S car-
loads pianos coming, we must make room; no
ffasonable offer refused. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell St., Checkering agents.
FINE two manual pedal organ; fifteen stops;
water power; suitable for church. Statham's
Piano Sti re, 108 McAllister st . S. F.
CLARK wish & CO., 41 Geary et., cor. Grant
aye.. offer three ways to buy a piano; no
trouble to explain particulars. Conover acts.
BOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans,
UriKfcs and other ptanos; *cc our rent plan:
no interest first year. 30S. 310, 312 Post st.
AN el< right, little v.s»>d, will be sold for
• eat offer takes It. J. DEWING
second floor. Flood builling.
FINK uprigrht for J160; come early if you want
to secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO., 769 Market at.
A NEW England upright in first-class condi-
tion, $175 cash. Address T., box 4, Call office.
AN upright piano, nearly new; brilliant, pow-
erful tone; cheap. 216 McAllister st.
t7S— ELEGANT Haxelton piano: cost $500; on $5
Installments. 221 Leavenworth Ft.
SPECIAL pale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest; price lowest; uprights, $75 up;
;.. HEINE, 136 Ellis st^
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister
Ft., next Hibernla Kank. BCHMITX
KNABE pianos; nfcv. • -cw styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zither?, old and new. H.
MTT.LER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
FOR SAKE— MISCELLA>EOIS,
LTTHO enErraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframed; framing- with glass 7x9 inches.
10c; Bxlo and 10x12, J.'c: 11x14 and 12x16. 20c;
14x17. 2. r " ■; 16x2". SOc; 18x22, *6c; 80x24, 45c: 22x
rtaln poles complete, li>c; rm. mold-
lng.all colors, lc ft;open eve.Jones,.47 Mission.
$16— Leaving city; light-running, high-arm,
automatic sewing machine; perfect condition.
JOll Powell st.
SODA fountain with 8 syrup faucets. 1214%
St. Iner st.
FOR SALE— Gray plating outfit complete,
cheap: full Instructions. MOOVj PoweU st.
5 !R piano; Bine condition; $10 down;
50 per month, 225 Butter st.
S of Sutro car stock; Will fell for
half original cost nr will trade for anything
■il. Inquire 3150 24th St., cor. Shotwell.
EXCHANGE— Thoroughbred mare for type-
writer or tandem. Ohio Dental Parlors. 713
Market rt.
FOR Pale— Cheap; 100.000 brick,- 40,000 feet of
lumber. Apply at building cor. Powell and
Bush sts.
BARS, back bars, - mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
GAS fixtures very low, large assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber washotands. cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10; Records, $3 per dor.;
Projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupl. 933-546 Mrkt.
2 BARBER chairs for sale; only $15. 41 Third
st., pawn Office. ■;■
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods; new, 2d-hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
EOILER, engines, tools, metals, electrical
goods. WHITE'S, 514-516-518 Mission st.
J. R POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. 50.. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 633 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 8. F.
BARS, show cases, counters, shelving, etc..
bought and told. 10C3 Mission, near Seventh.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc. ; M teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
NEW assortment of catchy comedy pieces and
latest war recitations for parlor, platform or
mage use, taught by Mrs. Kincald at her
School of elocution and expression. Alcazar
building, 120 O'Farrell st.
AYRES' Business College, "S3 Market St.;
individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkppplng, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, ISO; low rates per week and month.
SPANISH lessons given; also English branches
taught: special attention to backward pupils;
j low terms. 910 Clay st., Oakland.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market st.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph.B., Fel-
low in Mathematics, V. C. 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. Channlng way, Berkeley; write forclrcular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve. ;
f>st. 1864. VAN DEB NAILLEN, 533 Market.
SHORTHAND taught In 1 month: references;
yrlvate lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
CARPET CLEANING. ,
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with pour work
send to ' THING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works, 3E3-67 Tehama St.; tel. 8. 40.
I ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Butter st ■ '
tel. Main 394. OEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor. "
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Clf aning Co., 463
Stevenson st. tel. S. 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at So
STRATTON, 3 Eighth Bt.; tel Jessie 944.
j GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
j Works, 14 Slh at. B. GRANT. Tel. J< sic Jo£
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st. ; cleaning '■■■ a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 833 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.' ' *"/ v : •
i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUXRSDAY, JUNE 30, 1898.
HOISES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN
You ?e« houses to r»nt by EALDWIN &
HOWIiLL, 10 Montgomery Bt.
ATTENTION, Dressmakers— 7ls Butter St., sor
8 rooms; extra workroom 23x35 feet; choice,
sunny, reasonable; appreciated if seen
Al 8-ROOM house; large stable; large yard;
Golden Gate aw, nr. Laguna. L. M., ['647, Call.
ELEGANT S-room houses; Sixth aye.. bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake sts. : prices will surprise
you. MARCUBE & REMMEL, 628 jit.
ELLIS. 820— House of 11 rooms; near Van Ness
avenue.
LINDEN AYE., 465. near Lasurta St.— sl2 50;
- : of 4 rooms, oellar and yard^
RARE opportunity; house; rent very low; fur-
nisbed or unfurnished: furniture for sale st
a bargain. Key at grocery Store, cor. Bush
and Webster sts.
SKK H; sunny house, 9 rooms, bath; laundry;
garden; rent tow. HM Fine st.
6 ROOMS; lath and laundry; marine view;
rent $22 M). 190S Broadway.
FI'RMSHGD HOISES TO LET.
TAYLOR 810 — Completely furnished sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call between 1:30
nnd 4 p. m.
l MARKET ST.— nranch office of The Call.
Want ads and pu> scrlptlons >aken.
I (ITTAIiES TO LET.
<•(<■] -l.\ i ;K: : rooms; bath and large stable;
rent cheap. 4M Ivy aye.: key itt OroT*.
GROVE. .- light moms; gas; bath;
sunny ycrd: gai-den. sunny aide. ■
4 ROOMS. 116 Conga St.. sunny side, $9, or will
nil; $50 cash, balance $10 per month. THE
MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
$7; SUNNY cottage; a rooms; Roscoe St.. off
Crescent aye. Apply 64 Silver st., off Third.
$17— COTTAGE, 6 rooms and bath; near car
line; fine garden. 1187 Noe St.. bet 24th & 25th.
" FLATS TO LET. •
A— WE want 100 tenants at once to rent cot-
tages flats and houses; willing to make In-
ducements: 3-room flats, $6 to $»: 4 rooms, $10;
6 rooms. $12 up. At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S,
602 Market st.
1.1. OVER TOWN —
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
A— HOWARD, 1720, NW. cor. Erie, nr. Thir-
teenth— 7 rooms; choice; sunny; $25; water
free; key at 1722 Howard; appreciated If seen.
AN elegant sunny upper modern flat of 5
rooms, bath and basement; rent reasonable.
1887 Vallejo St., near Larkln.
AN elegant flat, 7 rooms and bath, $35. 625
Post st.
APPLY 1722 Howard, near 13th— New, choice,
sunny, 4 big rooms, bath, $16; water free.
ELGIN PARK, 86— A lovely flat; five large
rooms; hot and cold water; store room.
FKANKI.IN, 715— Corner upper flat; 5 rooms
and bath; next house to Golden Gate aye.
PULTON 118- Fine middle sunny flat, 7 rooms,
b.ah; near City Hall.
GEARY, 1917—4 nice rooms: bath; toilet; cellar;
yard; furnished; hall; ga»; $li>; water tree.
HANDSOME sunny flat, $5. 5 room* and bath,
33 Langton. EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
HANDSOME 7 and 8 rooms; middle and lower
Hat: modern improvements. 1127-1129 Ru.-h *t.
HELEN 3. npar California and Leavenworth—
Pine flnt i rooms, bath: only $U; see it to-
day. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
HOWARD, 1155— Coiy flat of 4 rooms; station-
I ary wash tube and bath; $IS.
I HYDE, 170S, near Valif;.-— Elegant sunny mod-
j em flat; E rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
LEXINGTON Aye.. 44, bet. 17th and 18th
Mission and Valencia— s sunny rooms; all
i improvements; $12.
1 McALLISTER, U29— 7-room flat; very desira-
| ble; reasonable to right party.
MISSION, 1513 A, nr. Eleventh— Flat to let! 4
i and 5 sunny rooms; bath and laundry; rents
| $13 and up.
NAT' MA, 21?— For sale: flßt of five rooms and
bath: cheap: three rooms rerKod^
j POND, 61, half block from Mark -t, Noe and
| Sanchez— New elegant sunny flat, 5 rooms;
modern improvements: $14.
SANCHEZ, 25, near Thirteenth— Upper floor; 4
connecting rooms; bath; yard; fine private
residence: $14; no children^
SEVENTH. 229, near Howard— Lower flat. 5
rooms, bath, hot, cold water ; yard ; reasonable.
SUNNY flat of 4 rooms and yard; rent $11.
4A Shotwell St., between Fourteenth and Fif-
teenth.
SUNNY flat, 6 rooms; modern improvements;
rent cheap. 531 Thirteenth st.. corner Market.
TO LET — A flat: 4 rooms and bath; No. 904
Minna st. Appply 116 Tenth st.
VALENCIA 469 and 481, cor. Sixteenth— 6 rooms
and bath; rmt $16 and $22; choice; investigate.
$11— THREE BUnny rooms; yard; 137 Ivy aye.;
water free. _^__
£2— (UPPER) 4 sunny rooms, 136 Ivy aye.;
(lower) $10.
$15 PER month: flat 5 rooms. 724 Harrison at.,
bet. Third and Fourth.
4 StTNNY rooms and bath; rent $11; large yard.
1016 Minna st., near Eleventh.
l noons and 'oath; all moocrn Improvements.
ns*& Turk st.
BRANCH office of The Call, 106 Eleventh at.—
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT "i 2 Second — Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; week, $1 to $2 50; day, 25 to SUo.
BEAUTIFUL large parlors; two folding beds;
kitchen: private; no children; near Van
Ness; one month or more. Address O. S.,
box 763, Call office.
BUCHANAN, 602, corner Fell— Bay-windows:
kitchens: others; single, en suite; $6 to $9.
ELLIS. 709—2 rooms, sunny, housekeeping or
i ate; nr">dern convenience; reasonable.
FELL. 480— 3 unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
adults.
FIFTH 353— Clean, sunny, furn. housekeeping;
2 parlors; kitchen and bath; $20; single, $5.
FREDERICK, 527— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; also single.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404— Larptf housekeeping
room, complete; gas range; fold' g bed- bath; $12.
HARRIET, 94, cor. Folsom, above Sixth— 3 nice
completely furnished housekeeping rooms, $10
month.
HOWARD, bet. 4th and sth— The Hanover
House; two sunny housekeeping rooms; $10
per month.
HOWARD, ,r.25—1, r .25— 1 or 2 rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; reasonable.
HOWARD, 055— T0 let, sunny front room, with
uee of kitchen; reasonable.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny room; neatly fur-
nished; light housekeeping; $7.
MARKET. 1032. opp. Fifth— One, two or three
rooms, connected; terms very reasonable.
McALLISTER, 422— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; gas and bath.
McALLIRTER. 633— A front and adjoining
room for light housekeeping: private family.
McALLISTER. 1046— Modern ?unny furnished
floor, 4 rooms; exclusive hath: private; $20^
MINNA. 673, near Seventh— One large sunny
room; board; all complete; cheap r>-nt.
MIsaToN, 915V>. near Fifth— 2, 4or 6 furnished
housekeeping rooms; other furnished rooms.
N ATOM A, 645—2 sunny furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping^
NEW MONTGOMERY. 105— Furnished house-
keeping suites, $150 per week; single, 75c.
II 20— Sunny connecting rooms, stove,
v.ater. gas; $11; also single rooms.
NINETEENTH, 4059, near Caetro— Single lady
want? a small family to take part of un-
furnished flat.
OAK 1191—8 or 5 furnished rooms; entrance
park; gas stove, hath; cheap; also single.
POLK, IMS, cor. ciny— 2 or 8 learge newly-
furnishrd sunny front rooms; housekeeping.
POLK 607— Sunny double parlors, light house-
keeping, $18; large front room with kitchen,
_$12.__
SACRAMENTO, 1365— Three rooms; separate
entnince; rent $7; large yard.
SILVER, 165, near 4th St.— Parlor and kitchen;
furnished for housekeeping.
SOUTH PARK, 184--2 sunny rooms, complete
a for housekeeping; $10 50 per month.
STEVENSON, 64?, bet. Seventh and Eighth-
Furnished front rocm for 1 or 2; light house-
keeping if desired; bath; central.
STOCKTON, 1307— T0 rent— Nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
THIRD, 309— Bedroom, %4: housekeeping, $8;
two, J7: other rooms reasonable.
THIRTEENTH. iS9, corner of Howard — Fine
furnished suite of. rooms complete for house-
keeping: reasonable.
TURK, 126—2 unfurnished Funny rooms; closet
and water; for housekeeping; no children.
TI T KK. 543— Nicely furnished rooms for house-
keeping; $14 up: gas stove; gas and bath.
TWELFTH, 12 — Two rooms for housekeeping;
furnlPhed or unfurnished.
VAN NESS aye., 618— Bunny rooms; complete
for housekeeping; baths; Sl2.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued.
VAN' NESS. 1021— Sunny front suite, first floor,
wiih kitchen; gas range.
WASHINGTON, 1025Vi— 3 unfurnished front
rooms for housekeeping.
2 OR 3 completely furnished rooms: housekeep-
ing; use of piano. The Piedmont House, 119 A
Sixth st.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton at.: trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Koarny st.-Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; flrst-clasn
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 147 Powell and 211 O'Farrell. nicely fur-
nished rooms by Jay, week or month.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms: pretty view;
.yjiet house; baths, gas; very reasonable.
AT 609 Hyde, gutter 715-71T-7U. SWA and Mason
407— Choice, sunny: reasonable; Investigate.
AT The Randolph, 501 Post— Single rooms, bay-
window parlors and suites, $1 00 to $4 week.
BOHEMIA, US Post, -' blocks from principal
hotels, newly furnished; all conveniences.
DELAWARE, 14*8 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished ."ingle and double rms.^JS, $10 mo.
EDDY, 207— Nice sunny single and double
rooms; bath and gas; $5 per month and up.
EDDY, 6o:>— Sunny unfurnished room; bath;
laundry.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gt;nt.s, $1 BO to $8 week.
EBSEX, 12 (Rlncoa Bill)— Larg* bay window
room, unfurnished; rent $7; also furnlahed
room $f>.
FOLSOM. 820. nrar Fourth— sl a week and up;
sunny furnished rooms.
FIFTH. 107 I'leasant sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
GEART, 14A— Furnished rooms; Jl 50 per week
and upward; also transient.
GEARY 408 The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY us6— Handsome sunny parlor suite;
other suites; double, single rooms; light
housekeeping.
GLOBE House, S2l Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE avt?., 2C2— Nicely furnished
room, suitable for 2 gents.
GOLDEN tiATE AYE., 727- Handsomely fur-
nished front room: running water; fire grate,
private family; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, S. E. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GROVE, 425>^, near "otavia— Lage sunny rootn;
stove; $4 su; for 1 or 2.
HAN't'OCK Housr 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, TM : 2 , nr. 4th— Finely furn. sunny
nun; Lath; conveniences; quiet home; %l wk.
HOWARD, 650— Nice furnished single room;
for one.
HOWARD, 9351* (New Philadelphia)— All new;
tunny rooms; gas; baths free; lowest rates.
HOWARD, ISO 6, comer Fourteenth— 3 sunny
front rooms; rent $S.
IVY, 316— Cozy furnished rooms, 1 or 2 gents,
steady, $6 per month; cottage, first floor.
JESSIE, 373, near Emporium— Furnished front
room; $5.
JESSES, 443— Nice large sunny front room.
JONES, 207— Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms reasonable; gas, water, bath; central.
LARKIN, 103 :.. 4 or 5 elegant established
dressmaking parlors; half rent.
LARKIN, 1200, opp. Lurline Baths; Bunny
rooms $4 up; also housekeeping room*.
LASKIE, 9H; ofl Mission st., bet. Eighth and
Ninth— clean furnished room, $3 50 per month.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, door above Van Ness-
Suites, single rooms; newly furnished,
MASON, 413 — Nicely furnished rooms and
suites; also single; very reasonable.
MCALLISTER, en— Nice front suite; also front
single room; bath; gas; private family.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week.
MISSION, 1729%, near 13th St.— Two furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath; laundry; $7;
single $3.
OAK, 119 — 1 neatly furnished front room;
eunny; $5.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator, electric lights, day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. 271— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas: rent reasonable.
POST, 622 — Sunny suite or single rooms: first
class In every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
POST, 910 — Sunny, well furnished double par-
lors; kitchen; bathroom; private flat.
POWELL, 317—2 handsomely furnished single
rooms; top floor; reasonable.
POWELL, 420 — A sunny unfurnished front
room.
PROSPECT PLACE, 123: off California St.,
bet. Stockton and Powell— Large room, $0;
private; German.
SEVENTH. 192, near Howard (Girard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE House, 18-18 Mason St.— Fur-
nished rooms; single, $1 50 to $3 a week;
suits*. $4 to $5; baths; elevator; electric
lights; hot and cold water; transients solic-
ited: restaurant. MRS. .T. GALE, Proprietor.
SUTTER. 1111— Nice front suites, $12 month;
single rooms, $5; very desirable neighborhood.
TAYLOR, 109— Large sunny double rooms;
closets and running water; $2 25 per week.
THE New Grand House, 246 Third St.— lso fur-
nished rooms from $1 to $4 per week or from
$3 to $15 month: reading-rooms. A. T.
VAYSSI, Proprietor.
TURK, 12fi— Nice small pleasant room suitable
for gentleman, $i per month.
TURK, 403 — Front sunny furnished rooms, $6
up; bath.
TWENTY-FIRST. 3592, cor. Guerrero— Newly
furnisher! boarding-house; sunny rooms.
83? HAVES ST.— Branch office Of The Call.
Subscriptions nnd ads taken.
ROOMS AM) BOARD.
AN English family would like two or three
gentlemen to room and board; rooms sunny;
good table; best home cooking. 802 Jones st.,
near Butter.
EDDY, 500, cor. Hyde— Front sunny room; good
board; suitable 1 or 2; reasonable.
ELLIS, 518—2 sunny alcove rooms, with board.
FOLSOM. 611— Swedish private boarding, With
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice Vocation.
HYD'sTm?. Salisbury— Changed hands! thor-
oughly renovated; pleasant sunny rooms with
first-class board: beautiful grounds; quiet,
homelike; reasonable.
PIKE, 910— Sunny, homelike, nicely furnished
rooms, with first-class family board; hot and
cold water; bath and gas; select location.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Good table board, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SUTTER, 1118— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
flrst-Tlass family board; nice grounds; rea-
sonable.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-*t. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS, BC*— Sunny newly furnished rooms;
electric lights: bath: with board: moderate.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WIDOW would board 1 or 2 small children
or infant. 3279 Seventeenth St., near Mission.
JESSIE, £39— Good home for infant or 1 or J
children; own cow; mother's care: references.
STORES TO LET.
BARBERS— FineIy furnished shop to rent.
Journeymen's Employment Office, 707 Bran-
nan st. ; telephone Mint 1902.
FIFTH. 353— Store, fixtures and rooms; rent $15.
HOWARD. 1802, corner Fourteenth— Store. 2
living rooms, suitable for barber; rent cheap.
PART of hair dressing store; millinery pre-
ferred; reasonable. 1704 Market st., opp. 10th.
STOKE for rent; for tailor, dressmaker, mil-
liner or a cigar and tobacco stand. Address
box 27r.. Hay.yards. Cal.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction sales every -Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
10 CAMPING horses cheap; wagons ?nrl har-
ness auction every Tuesday. 72! Howard st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 flne top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. S2B Harrison st.
MUST sell Immediately to pay charges, flne
landau; Al condition. LARKINS. 634 Howard.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
hiMd Harness Co., 1!11 Larkin, opp. City Hall.
PHYSICIANS^
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residency
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BUSINESS Property.
$75l>0— Mission St.: large lot, 35x130: new im-
provement?, consisting of store and Hats, 6 and
7 rooms; all run*-" lor JG.V
M>\\ IX & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
A (idOD Investment.
$7760— Kent J7O; Fulton St., near Lnguna-
lot 87*1x120; 2 houses of fl rooms and bath and
basement: also ?. tk-ts on rear street.
BALDWIN £ HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
QBBAT Ktap-tlldO: Lnrkin St., near Green-
wich; cottage 6 ro ima and bath; lot 2f>xiOs.
BALDWIN £ HOWELL, U Montgomery st.
CHEAP cottage, $15C0: very easy terms: good
cottage of 5 rooms and bath; street work done;
cl«'Ft> to Guarrero-st. '-"Tic cars.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
MAKE an offer.
Fillmoro st. business property: none better
ever offered; (16,500! stores and flats; on best
part of the street: lot 50 feet front; pays over
9 ncr c. nt.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
BIG interest.
$2500— Rent $30; Shipley St., near Fourth; 3
flats, 4 rooms each.
BALDWIN & HOWELL 10 Montgomery st.
A— sBsoo; rent $S0; 3 handsome new flats of 6
rooms each, just completed; Baker St., close
to Park entrance; good locution; large lot.
BALDWIN A HOWBLL, 1" Montgomery st.
A— s3ooo; tent $32; lot 26x120; Fourth aye., near
Clement; 2 prood flats of 6 rooms each.
BALDWIN & 5 iWELL, 10 Montgomery St.
A—s3soo;A — $3500; Lake St., near Ninth avenue; new
li-story cottage of 7 rooms and bath; beauti-
ful park directly in the rear of the house;
easy terms.
BALDWIN ft I' »WELL, 10 Montgomery st.
PRICE $27,500.
RENT, *212.
Splendid improvements, stores and flats;
rented for $222; large corner; 2 prominent
streets in Western Addition.
BALDWIN i HOWELL, 10 Montgomery at.
TERMS 1306 CASH.
$5 MONTHLY.
Price $600; cottage of 2 rooms, chicken house;
lot 25x100; fenced; street graded, sewerea and
macadamized; near Guerrero-st. electric car.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A, First Floor. V ;•" ':
Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK. LOTS!
EXPERT JUDGES BUY PROPERTY NOW!
BARGAINS NOW! PROFITS LATER!
$100, $IEO to $250: level building lots near
Mission street electric cars; only $3 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS!
$400, $4."0 to $S5O; officially graded; superb
view; $25 down, $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER
$400, $450 TO $750; choicest Richmond building
lots; street graded and sewered; $25 down,
$10 monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
EOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A, Crocker building.
$23,500— BUSINESS property: rents $150 month;
might exchange in part. Box 172, Call office.
$1350 WILL build neat cottage, with lot: near
Park and museum; easy payments. SALS-
BURY. Builder, 521 X St., Sunset District.
NEW. elegant houses; your own terms, grand
marine "view; on Leaven worth, nr. Lombard.
FOR SALE— 2lst St., nr. Bryant; new 7-rooin
pottage. Apply on premises or to J. FLA-
HERTT, builder, 1207 Market st.
VALUABLE piece Improved city property;
great prospective value: trade for lots.
HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 conts— The Weekiy
Call, in wrapper, for ma-lling.
MONEY TO L.OAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1»23 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Marfci-t st. ; te!. Green 204.
ANY amount at *>*•. per cent on real estate; 2<l
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate, lunilture without removal. R. Mc-
Coi.gan. 24 Montgomery st.. roum 3.
ON furniture. pJanos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. P.ONNELLI, 120 Powell st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest rates;
no commission; private. 116 McAllister st.
$100,000 TO loan on income city property; $10,-
<"<■" on furniture. G. W. OWEN. 1405 Call Mdg.
AXY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, BOS California St.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 628 Market st.
■ MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 59 McAllister
. 6t. ; pills, $1; very strong, $2; cure, $5.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no Instrument* used;
■ travelers helped at once; home in confine-
ment; «very case guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential: self cure. $5; pills $1
MRS. DR. -VVYETH. 208 Turk. St.. near Jones!
ALL of Dr. Foulet'a capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price. $1 50 per box, sent free by
mall on rev-.ipt of price; consultation on ail
Fpeelal diseases >cc. WALLER BROS., 83
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere w.-ite us.
NEW rroc°cs for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or instru-
ments used; restores in one day without fail;
every woman her own physician: away dis-
grace; consultation free; can be sent and used
at home; pills and capsules, $1; cure, $5; by
the well known DR. POPPER, 31S Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no Instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office, $j; travelers helped Instantly;
home in confinement; consult free: hours 10 to
6, 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
LADIES. Chlchpstor's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars,
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
a««., private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price,
$150; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay st. ; send
2c Btamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
PROF. THOMPSON'S new cancer cure; quick
and sure. 565 1 * Market st.
DR. HALL, fl McAllister St.; diseases of
women and children.
MRS. ARCHARD. midwife; home In confine-
ment; confinement alons, $!>. 156 Second st.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
p'.atos; light and thin; warranted 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 21 Sixth St.: telephone Jessie IKS 2.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., nr. 11th";
no charge for extracting when plates . are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 60c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LBBK, genuine Lpek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Fprrell.
VAN VBOOM Electro Dental Parlors; fall set
of teeth, $."i up: fallings. 25c up; all work
painless ami guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market st., cor. Sixth.
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. Sixth and Mission ats.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE nnd F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg., 6th tloor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth nithout a plate. DR. H. C
YOI'N'G, 1841 Polk St.
LEGAL NOTICES.
THE Pacific Heberew Orphan Asylum and
Home Soci'itv hereby give notice that they
nnve admitted into the orphanage from Janu-
ary 1, IN3S, to June 30, ISSS. the following
named orphans ami half orphans, boys and
girls, viz.: Ada Hoffman, aged 10 years 7
months; Hyman Hoffman, aged 5 years 7
months; Solomon Meyers, aged 4 yearg 2
months; Phyllis Scharff, aged 8 years 10
months: Claudio Scharff. aged 7 years 3
months: Rebecca Kuhn. aged 10 years 11
months: Stella Kuhn. aped 9 yoars 10 months;
.Samuel Kuhn. aged 6 yaars: Meyer
Kuhn. aged 3 years S months, May Lewis,
aged 9 years 4 months; Hattie Baer, aged 14
years 3 months; Bertha Baer, aged 10 years;
Moses Baer, agod 10 years: Max Baer, aged 8
yearn 9 months: Edward Levy, aged 4 "ears
3 months; Joseph Cahn, aged 11 years 6
months, and Leo Cahn, ased 5 year*.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR PALE- good country home of 160 acres;
patented land; good house, barn and fences.
For full particulars address O. LAMP3ON,
West Point, Cal. ...
220 ACRES FOR $5000.
Improved fruit and stock ranch near Grass
Valley In mining district. McAFEE BROS.,
106 Montgomery St., S. F. .- -•
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$Gso— s-RQOM cottage; south frontage; lot 33:4 x
100; tine view of bay; good neighborhood;
healthy locality; 12 mm. to local train; must
sell this week. R. J. MONTGOMERY, P. O.
box 224, or 1112 Broadway, Oakland.
■ : A BARGAIN
An upper flat. 5 rooms and bath: lower flat, 4
rooms and bath: also double cottage, 3 rooms
In each; lot EOxlOO; rents for $37 month; price
$8300. W. P. RYAN, 960 Seventh st., Oakland.
J. CALLAGHAN, real estate dealer, notary
public; property looked after. 814 Broadway.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Tho Weekly
Call. In wrappers, for mailing. " '
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
IN OAKLAND— For rent, furnished cottage
flat 6 rooms; large grounds; rent from $20 to
$25, according to family. Address Tenant,
box 1, Call office. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
RESIDENCE; 9 rooms; bath; barn; large lawn;
tennis court; conservatory; rent cheap; cen-
tral; ESS 24th st., nr. Grove. Apply owner, R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact.. 1622 Grove.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND HOARD.
ALL convenience?; new furniture; housekeeping
or single; board optional; $3 month up. 670
Broadway.
THE Colonial, cor. Second and Broadway— Board
and rooms; from $4 per week up.
BOARD and rooms in newly furnished house;
central. 613 17th st., nr. Grove.
FINE sunny suite: also sunny tingle room: va-
cant .Tune 1. THE ! •'TjNE. 1 "' Elehth lit.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
FIFTH, 71S— Sunny front room: also 1 unfur-
nished; private family; 3 minutes to Market-
st. station.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE t 1 household goods this week.
SCHF.I.T.HA.AS' old' Ftnre.' 4o,l F.lcvPnth st.
OAKLAND MERCHANT TAILORS.
SUITS mace to order on Installments; $1 week.
Boston Woolen Mills, 930 Broadway, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
. AX.AMEDA REAL ESTATE. : .
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the ' United
States or Canada one year for fl 50, postage
free. ...
FOR SALE immediately— Cheap house and lot
35x115; 5 rooms, bath; all new improvements.
1825 Pacific avenue, Alameda.
WILL build modern 5-room house on a nice
lot, good location; only $1600; terms. Apply
to owner, J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park, Alameda.
ALV.MKDA HOUSES.
E-ROOM cottage; modern; nice neighborhood;
$15. 1516 Mlnturn st., Grand Station, AlameHa.
FINE 6-room cottage, 516: 5-room cottage, with
water. |15. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
12200— 5-ROOM house, 1 block from station; lot
60x137; constantly rented. $22; great bargain.
FREESE & CODINGTON. 2119, Stanford
place, opposite Berkeley Station.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
GREAT (sacrifice; 20 acres good Sonoma County
land, Improved; 4-room house, barn, chicken-
houses; 2 horses; full line farming Imple-
ments: 6 acres vines; balance corn and
beans; cood road; near station; will ex-
change for city property; or $SOO cash, balanc*
easy terms. Address J. JENSEN. 153 Third.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for the erection of an Engine
Hoiise on Use southeast corner of Holly Park
and West avenues.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, June 2S, 189 S.
In accordance with resolution No. 1313
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received In
open session of thf Board of Supervisors, on
TUESDAY AFTERNOON, July 6, 1898,
from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the erection of a |
two (2) story frame building, with brick base- I
ment, on the southeast corner of Holly Park
and West fivenues, for the use of the Fire
Department, in accordance with the plans and
specifications and the "ondltlons set forth in
the paid specifications, prepared by Charles
It. Wilson, architect, to be seen at his office,
No. 315 Phelan building, all the work to be
performed to the satisfaction of the Chief En-
gineer and the Board of Fire Commissioners.
The building to be completed within eighty
(80) working days from the date of Blgning
the contract.
Any delay in the completion of the building
will be charged to the contractor at the rate
of twenty ($2O 001 dollars per day, and the
total amount will be deducted from the con-
tract sum.
Payments will be made on the first day of
each month at the rate of seventy-five (75)
per cent of the value of the work done, and
the balance thirty-live (35) days after the
completion and acceptance of the building.
The work of construction to be done in
strict accordance with the plans and specifi-
cations, under the supervision anel direction
of Charles R. Wilson, architect, and the Dis-
trict Engineers of the Fire Department.
Eight hours to constitute a day's work for
all workmen employed upon the work, and the
minimum rate of wayos to be paid on said
work to be two ($2) dollars per day.
The party to whom the contract may be
awarded will be renuired, prior to or at the
time of the execution of said contract, to pay I
the cost of advertising this notice In three
daily newspapers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the RWard the board has resolved to
receive no bid unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check for the sum of five hundred ($500)
dollars deposited by the bidder with and
made payable to the Clerk of the Board of
Supervisors, conditioned If the proposal be
accepted and the contract awarded; and if
the bidder shall fall or neglect to pay the
printing charges, execute the contract and
give the required bond within six days after
the award Is made, then and In that case
the said sum shall be paid Into the City and
Couatv Treasury by said Clerk as liquidated
damapres for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the ripht to reject all
bids If the public irdod so require.
JNO. A. Rr.'-SELL. Clerk.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued. as follows:
Henry B. Friedrlcns and Ida H. Craemer.. 26-27
John Jackson and Elizabeth Berg 32-33
Howard C. Bebout and Alice Hoffjnan 34-20
Harry Harris and Ray T. Hllson 25-19
Nile* H. Rohde and Cecllie K. P. Larke.... 27-24
William Rosas and Ruth Medina 24-15
A. L. de Martini and Jennie M. Cevaeco.. 24-17
James Donovan and Maggie Graham 34-18
BIRTHS— MARRI4&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices Bent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
AVERY— In this city, June 22. 1898, to the wife
or Edward E. Avery. a son.
EPSTEIN— In this city, June 26, 1898, to th«
wife of M .Epstein, a son.
I McMILLAN— In Oakland, June 27, IS9S, to the
wife of A. McMillan, a son.
ALAJIRIED.
SPIEGEL— FISCHER— In this city June 25,
1898, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, William
Spiegel and Rose Fischer.
T< >NSOR— FELLOWS— In this city, June 23,
IS9S, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Charles F.
Tonsor and Rachel Fellows.
died!
Avery, Paul E. Lyons, John F.
Conyers, Alfred G. McDonald, Lizzie M.
Corcoran. Michael McMurray, Robert
Frank. Sophie Quinn, Ellen
Gorton, Earton H. Rodgers, Edwin A,
Greiner, Miss A. Samuels, Carl
Grote, Sophie A. Skelly, Thomas P.
Gulnasso. Leslie Squires, Victoria
Hamilton. Celia Sullivan. John
Hayes, Mary A. Townley. John S.
Higglns, Mary A. Turner, Lucy
Kennedy. James A. Tyler, Charles M.
Leach, Harold Watson, Elizabeth S.
Low, Captain John
AVERY— In thin city, Jnne 22. ISO?. Paul E.,
Infant son of Edward E. and Emily C.
Avery. a native of San Francisco.
CONYERS— In this city, June 28, 1898, Alfred
Garnet, beloved son of James and Emma
Conyera, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
years 1" months and 14 days.
C?'lUe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 309 ' Fremont street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CORCORAN— In this city, June 26. 189S, Mich-
ael Corcoran, beloved brother of the late Mrs.
Ellen McKenny, brother-in-law of the late
William McKenny, and uncle of William F.
McKenny, a native of Roscommon, Ireland,
aged 71 years. (Providence, R. 1., papers
please copy.) ,
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his nephew, 2672 Folsom street,
thence to St. Peter's Church, Alabama street,
between Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth,
where a solemn requiem hl^'i mass will be
celebrated - for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at '.' o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by carriage.
FRANK— In this city, June 2«. 1898, Sophie,
beloved wife of Andrew Frank, aged 52
years 2 months and 11 days. (Hay-wards pa- -
per please copy.)
IE?" The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
: parlors of C. H. Wever, Friends and ac-
quaintances are respectfully requested to at-
tend the funeral. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
GORTON— In Mountain View, June 28, 1898.
' Barton- EL, beloved husband of Mary E. Gor-
ton, and father of Dr. C. D. Gorton and Mrs.
C. J. TitUS, aged 63 years.
GREINER— In this city. June 28, IS9S, Miss
Amelia Greiner, beloved daughter of Mrs.
Christina Grelner, and sister of Mrs. Frank
Lester and Mrs. George W. Waltenbaugh. a
native of California, aged 34 years t months
and 14 days.
lC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her sister, Mrs. Frank Lester, 632 Ten-
nessee street, between Seventeenth and Eight-
eenth.- Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GROTE— YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE NO.
I— A requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of the soul of our late sister, Sophie
A. Grote, at Holy Cross Church, to-morrow
(Friday), at 8 o'clock. Members of the order,
relatives and friends are Invited to attend.
MARY CURLEY. Pres.
MARY MONAHAN, Rec. Sec.
GUINASSO— In this city, June 28. 1898, Leslie,
dearly beloved son of Joseph and Mary Guln-
asso,"a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
and 5 months.
HAMILTON— In this city, Celia, beloved wife
of Frank Hamilton, and mother of Frank
and Celia J. Hamilton, a native of Ireland,
aged 26 years.
lETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her lat» resi-
dence, 836 Railroad avenue, thence to All
Hallows Church, corner Sixteenth avenue and
N street, where services will be held at 9;30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
carriage. .
HAVES— In this city, June 28, IS9B, Mary A.,
beloved mother of Emily and Thomas Hayes,
Mrs. Kate Parrott and Mrs. M. Welgmann.
a native of Ayrshire, Scotland. A member of
Pacific Council No. 8. Chosen Friends.
(CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Thursday), at 8:30
o'clock, from her late residence, 979 Harrison
street, thecce to St. Rose's Church, Brannan
street, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
HIGGINS— In , this city, June 29. 1898. Mary
Ann, beloved wife of Daniel B. Higgins,
• mother of Daniel W.. Annie Caroline, Ger-
trude Estella and Evylyn Hlggins, and daugh-
ter of Terrence and Mary Creighton, a native
of New Jersey, aged 37 years.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 104 Tehama street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KENNEDY— Bodie, Cal., June 27, 1898.
James A., beloved son of E. F. and the lats
Jane Kennedy, and brother of Mrs. John W.
Kelly, a native of Brooklyn, N. V., aged 23
years. (Brooklyn, N. V.. papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister. Mrs. John W. Kelly, 115 Grove
street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, Van
Ness avenue, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LEA.CH— In this city. June 28, 1898, Harold
Leach, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 42
years.
(L7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully rnvlted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Fri'davV at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Craig & Cochran Co:, 22 and 26 Mint avenue.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LOW— In this city, June 23, 1398. Captain John,
beloved husband of Jane Low, and father of
Mrs F. .W. Thompson and George 8., Nettie,
John A., Thomas G. and Joseph C. Low, a
native of Leven, Scotland, aged 63 years 10
months and 4 days. ,
C?" The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall Seventh and Market streets, under the
auspices of Alta Lodge No. 205. I. O. O. F.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by the
electrio car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
LYONS— In this city. June 28, 1898, John F.,
beloved husband of Mary Lyons, and father
of Mrs. T. S. Burns, and son of the late
Dennis Lyons, a native of St. John, New
Brunswick, aged 58 years and 7 months.
E?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2202 Steiner street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets., .
VETERAN VOLUNTEER FIREMEN'S AS-
soclatlon— Officers and members are requested
to assemble at headquarters. 24 Fourth street,
to-morrow (Friday), at 8 o'clock sharp, to
attend the funeral of nur late brother. John
F Lyons STEPHEN BUNNER. Prea.
JAMES PENNYCOOK. Rec. Sec.
McDONALD— In Ocean View, June 29. 1898.
Lizzie M., beloved wife of Anthony. McDon-
ald and mother of Gertie, George R. and
Marie McDonald, a native of Prince Edwards
Island, aged 29 years. >
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 266 Farallones street, thence to St. Mich-
ael's Church where a requiem high mas?
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McMURRAY— In Granlteville, Nevada County.
Cal., June 27, 1898. Robert McMurray. a na-
tive of Delaware County, N. V., aged 68
years 10 months and 22 days.
CTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Thurs-
day), at 10 o'clock, at his late residence. 2106
Pacific avenue. Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
QUINN —In this city,. June 28, 1898, Ellen,
relict of the late James Quinn, and beloved
mother of Thomas F.. Joseph M., James L..
Margaret, Katie, Frances and Lucy Quinn
and Mrs. Dlxon of New York, a native of
Glanworth, County Cork, Ireland. (Salem,
Mass., papers please copy.)
tr? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 333 McAllister street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the- repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
RODGERS-In this city. June 29. 1898, Edwin
A • Rodgers of Sonora, Tuommno County*
aged 73 years and 8 months, _
SAMUELS— the City and County Hospital,
June 29, 1898, Carl Samuels, a native of Nor-
way, aged 34 years. •
SKELLY— In this city. June 29, 1898. Thomas
p beloved husband of Margaret A. Skelly,
father of Thomas H. and Frank J. - Skelly.
and brother of John and Frank Skelly, Mrs.
Robert Crozler. Mrs. Thomas McLaugrhlln,
Mrs F Dlagleto and the late Annfe M. Mc-
Ginn, a native of New York, aged 46 years.
Notice of funeral hereatter. .
SQUIRES— South San Francisco, June 28.
1898 Victoria, beloved wife of N. L. Squires,
mother of Maurice, Fred and Rose Squires,
and sister of Mrs. L. R. Fulda, a native of
Philadelphia, Pa., aged 47 years. - -.
[C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tne funeral this day
(Thursday) at 2 o'clock, .from her late resi-
dence 1635 Fifteenth avenue. South San
Francisco. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— this city, June 29. 1898. John,
beloved husband 'of Abbey Sullivan, and
father of Mrs. Annie . Walsh, Mrs. Nellie
Farrell of Agnews,- Santa Clara County, Cal.,
and the late Mary A. Sullivan, a native of
. the parish i of Macroom, County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 66 years and 5 days. (Boston,
Mass., papers please copy.)
lE7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend. the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 6478 Stevenson street, between Seventh
and Eighth, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
Tenth street, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his coul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Please
omit flowers.'
A O. H., DIVISION NO. 2— The members of
this division are ordered to assemble at
Hlbernia Hall, 120 Ninth < street, to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, to attend the funeral
of our late brother; John Sullivan, from 6478
Stevenson street.' By order I
BARTHY LEE. Pres.
T. L.: CLANCY, Rec. Sec.
TURNER —In this city, June 29, ISPS, Lucy
Turner, a native of Kentucky, aged 30 years.
TYLER —In the City and County Hospital.
June 29, 1898; Charles Marion . Tyler, a native
of Ohio, aged 53 years.
TOWNLEY— this city, June 28. 1898, John
S., Infant son of John A. and Sallie C. Town-
ley, a native of San Francisco, aged 2 months
and 9 days. (Petaluma, Cal., papers please
copy.) " ' ■
in7"Friends are respectfully invited to ! at-
tend the funeral this day (Thursday), at 10
o'clock, from the residence of his parents,
227 Bartlett street, between Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ■
WATSON— In this city. June 28, 1898, Eliza-
beth Sarah Watson, dearly beloved mother of
Llewellyn Joseph . Watson, a native of Eng-
': land, aged 78 years. ■ :
I: McAVOY & GALLAGHER,
CNEKAL DIKECTOKS & EMBALMBM
10 iIITE ST., Op;. Lincoln flolu»l ,
- Telephone, South 80.
1112
DESPERATE
THIEVES IN
PRISON
Capture of a Gang of
Bay Pirates.
ALL ARE EX - CONVICTS
SOBBED THE ROLLING MILLS OF
MUCH BRASS.
Had a Horse and Buggy in Waiting
In Which to Carry Off
the Stolen Prop
erty.
Lieutenant Anderson and Police Officer
Clancy of the Potrero station, and De
tective Tom Ryan last night arrested seven
■well-known crooks who have been oper
ating: in South San Francisco. Their
names are: John Sullivan, alias Murphy;
Frank Donnelly, Joe Hodge, Xeil and
John Bonner, James Murray and Frank
Burke. All are well known to the police,
Donnelly having served two terms in San
Quentin for robbery and burglary.
Late yesterday afternoon Lieutenant
Anderson learned that the gang had
broken into Pacific Rolling Mills at the
Potrero, and got away with a brass jour
nal worth about $100. After securing the
Journal the bold thieves carried it to a
boat whicli they had in waiting and rowed
to a point near the Arctic Oil Works,
where another of the gang was waiting
with a horse and buggy. After disem
barking they placed the journal in the
buggy and drove to this city, where the
stolen brass was disposed of for $S. Con
vinced that they would return to the roll
ing mills, Lieutenant Anderson stationed
Clancy at a point where he could com
mand a view of the place. A short time
afterward two of the gang rowed up to
the mills, evidently intending to make
another raid. Catching a glimpse of the
policeman the men pulled out in the
Btream and awaited developments.
Clancy, who was in citizen's clothes,
shouted to them that he wanted to board
a ship which was lying- in the stream,
and offered to pay them handsomely if
they would row him to the vessel. Evi
dently thinking he was a sailor, who was
anxious to get aboard of his ship, the two
thieves promptly accepted his offer. As
they roWed over to him Clancy jumped
into the boat, and showing his star placed
them under arrest. They were taken to
the Potrero station, and Detective Ryan
was sent for. After being put through
the "sweating" process tho prisoners
broke down and told the names of their
companions. After considerable trouble
the officers subsequently arrested the
rest of the gang and took them to the
City Prison, where they were charged
with grand larceny. The "horse and buggy
which they used in carrying off their
booty was found tied to a tree a short
distance from the rolling mills.
A Good Investment.
A saving of two tons of coal per day
Is effected in the power house of the
Claus Spreckels building by the use of
the Barnard-Wheeler Cooling Tower,
which enables the engine plant to be
operated condensing. It is a popular
belief that an engine must be located
close to an abundant and cheap supply
of salt or fresh water to secure the
economical advantage of condensing
the exhaust steam from the engines.
While the cooling tower system has
been extensively used in the East, Mr.
Bpreckels was the first to apply a mod
ern tower in a modern power plant on
this coast, and the results have been so
economical that the owners of- the pow
er plant in the Parrott building are
now installing two large Barnard-
Wheeler towers, which should result in
a material coal saving.
The cooling tower is simple in con
struction, small and compact. The
cooling of the circulating water from
the condensers is effected by distribut
ing the water over galvanized wire
mats suspended vertically in a sheet
Iron tower, between which mats a cur
rent of air is forced and the water thus
cooled is returned to the condensers,
when the alternate operation of heating
and cooling is repeated.
Charles C. Moore & Co., 32 First St.,
this city, are Pacific Coast Agents for
the Barnard Towers, which are made
by the Wheeler Condenser and Engi
neering Company, New York.
Celebrate the Fourth with California
fireworks. Buy direct from makers. Cal
ifornia Fireworks Co., 219 Front st. •
1 1 ♦ ■
Wants Pay for His Voice.
Arthur Donaldson commenced suit yes
terday against Mrs. Ernestine Kreling,
proprietress of the Tivoli Opera House, to
•ecover $210 claimed to be due him for
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BABYiFACE
And Neck Looked Like Raw Meat.
Mother and Child Had No Rest
Day or Night from Itching.
Blood Would Flow Down Cheeks.
Doctors and Dispensary No
Use. Awful Suffering.
Cured byCUTICURA REMEDIES
Now Entirely Healed With
Lovely Clear Skin.
Our baby, when one month old, had a raw
place on her neck which 6j>read slowly over
the •whole face, the face and neck being all
raw meat, sometimes dry and then wet, and
something awful to look .it. The way the
child suffered, mother and child never had
any rest day or night as it constantly itched,
and the blood used to flow down her cheeks.
We had doctors and went to the dispensary
without any result. By using part of a bottlo
of Ccticttba Resoli vent, throe boxes of Cuti-
OUBA (ointment), and Cithxra Soap, the
child teas entirely healed. Now she is two years
old and has a lovely skin, which we can be
thankful to Cirncc ha Remedies and nothing
ilse. Mrs. EMIL r. GABKJOSS,
March 6, 1898. '213 Nassau A ye., Brooklyn, N.Y.
BABY BORN WITH ECZEMA, CURED
My baby was born with Eczema. Tried homo
treatment and local physicians without suc-
cess. It spread over his entire body and be-
came so aggravating that he had no rest day
or night. Applied Cuticuka SoAP.Crrni ra
(ointment), and Ccticura Resoi.vest, and
in a few months he teas entirely veil.
March 3, '98. Mrs. F. C. FINCH, Shelby, Ala.
Itching, burning eczemas, and every species of itching,
ac.-lv, pimply, blotchy skin and scalp diseases, with loss of
hair.i :>t»ntly relieved and speedily cured by warm baths
with CctiCtea Soap, gentle anointincs wilh Uitktei,
purest of emollient skin cores, and mild doses of Ccti-
cira RksolvihT. ereatei!t of humor cures, when the best
physicians tail. The records of curee <•«"<■ cted by them are
not only wonderful, but marvellous. They are beyond all
doubt the greatest humor remedies ever compounded.
Sola throughout the world. Pottm Dbuo ah d Cnnc.
COBr., Hole Props.. Boston.  .
W" How to Cure Every Baby Humor," mailed free.
BROTHER FRANCIS AND HIS FAITH CURE.
He Renders Unto God the Things That Are God's and Unto
Francis the Things That Are Francis',
COME!" said a man by the door,
"I've heard enough. It's blas
phemy."
He dragged a woman away with
him, pulling her roughly by the
arm. She looked back over her
shoulder. Her eyes were very
bright and wide. She was smiling.
Sht suffered herself to be dragged
along on stumbling feet, neither re
sisting nor a .eding.
The crowd closed in where these
two had stood. It blocked the door
and covered the board run from
the tent to the sidewalk. Within
was space neither to sit nor to
stand. It was necessary to thread
a passage slowly from the street
by dint of warm persistence and
the aid of fellow man. It is not by
the aid of fellow woman that one
gets anywhere in a crowd. Even
when concert d action is necessary
to reach a given point, woman op
poses woman with her elbow where
soever the sex meets in mass. This
few gathered together in a gospel
tent of Oakland to praise the God
of Gods and do honor to His
prophet Francis, fought furiously
among themselves for place as wo
men tight everywhere for place, on
the grand stand, on the street cor
ner, at the theater, in the criminal
courts.
"if you please, there is a sick wo
man here. Would you let her get
to the front?"
No, they wouldn't. They had as
much right to their i laces as any
body. All the sick were told to
come early and take seats near
the platform. Why didn't she come
early?
"She had to come fro-i the city
and she couldn't come any sooner."
Well, they couldn't help that.
She'd have to wait now. People
couldn't be crowded to death.
The man who had the- sick woman
in charge threw one arm around her
and put tiie other straight out be
fore him. SI. ulders divided against
themselves, warring elbows and
knees opposed came together to
form a wall of defense against a
common foe. The woman was
crushed against the man's breast.
"Don't, Charlie," she said, faintly.
"I'd rather wait! I'd rather go
home!"
"Move, can't you?" said the man
sharply. "My wife is fainting."
Those behind him fell back a little
and let him pass them again on his
way to the air. Those in front
settled grimly to their internecine
strife.
Around the wooden walls of tho
tr-nt men and women stood stiffly,
their faces turned in one direction,
with an odd air of arrested life like
the figures oi. a processional frieze.
The heads of persons standing out
side the tent were soen through the
lowered tran windows with the
flickering light upon their faces,
like strange, unreal, bodiless things
of the night. The floor of the tent
was covered. The seated struggled
for space in which to fan them
selves with papers and pocket
handkerchiefs. The standing had
no space to struggle for. The traps,
blocked like the entrance from
without, admitted little air. The
greedy lights burning overhead con
sumed it fast. The odor in the tent
was not alone of sanctity. The
character of the audience was of a
certain well-fed, well-dr 3sed, well
conditioned lameness. The women
wore good hats and bright silk
waists and gowns of summery
stuffs. The men were coated and
trousered respectably. These were
not God's poor. Among them was a
few of that class which holds long,
oiled locks, the sparse, virginal
beard and a humble unclcanliness
of person especially pleasing in the
sight of heaven — but only a few.
The rest mi^ht have been the con
gregation of any Methodi3t or Bap-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 30, 1898.
BY ALICE RIX.
tls' church, prosperous, unfashion
able, decorously fond of the world,
able to pay its pastor a good salary
and take up a gratifying collection
twice every Sabbath. Among the
women were many young girls.
Among the men were many gray
beards. Among both were negroes
of the lighter color and the better
class. Over them all had fallen the
religious exaltation which takes no
heed of spoken words, but wings
after the speaker's voice to heaven's
gate and sees and feels the glory
waiting there.
"You sheep of Christ you've all
grot the foot rot, or you'd run in the
ways of your Shepherd!"
"Yes! Yes! Amen!" shouted a
woman on the platform.
"Glory be to God!" sobbed a wo
man on the floor.
"He sees your sloth! You think
you can pull the wool over His eyes,
but He's, too smart for you "
It was here that the man by the
door shut his ears to blasphemy and
fled with the woman who belonged
to him — and who would have lin
gered—into the night. Those who
remained had no such impious or
unjust thought. Nor had he who
spoke in colloquial terms of inti
mate familiarity of his Master. He
rose to the cheap words with the
voice of one inspired, with the man
ner of a prophet of the Lord God
of Israel. Those who heard him
sobbed and shouted as a multitude
moved by the mighty accents of
heaven.
"Does my Master fear to go into
the dark ways? He would go into
the depths of Hell and take His
light there! I would go after Him.
I would go as far as the gates of
Hell with Him. And if the old devil
came after me and said 'Here! This
is my territory,' I'd say 'No it isn't!
It's my Master's territory and you
get out of here, you old fool!' "
"That's it!" shrieked a woman In
the audience. "That's the way to
talk to him! That'll teach him!
Praise God!"
She thought It was. She thought
It was divine eloquence. It was
the sort, at least, that she under
stood.
As for the brother Francis, he
has understanding of a better sort
of eloquence, and can use it when
he likes. He is a man of middle
years and height, of gray hair and
b.ard, of fleshly face and hands, of
unascetic, unecclesiastic presence.
If he is fed by the ravens, the
heaven-sent birds do not forget
their charge. He has the full eye,
the full lips, the long, fat cheek of
the sensualist— and heaven for
fend injustice!— there are sensual
ists of the spirit as well as of the
flesh. His manner is warm, his
voice lush, his gesture florid, his
action melodramatic. "Words pour
from him a heavy stream, like
water from a pump. Simile waits
on him, metaphor is ready to his
need, speech is his servant; he is
a speaker born. But the speaker
Is not always the thinker, words
are not always vehicles of thought.
They often pass in glittering or
gloomy parade, like the coaches of
royalty or the carriages of mourn
ing, and carry nothing at all inside.
And so they pass out at the lips of
the brother Francis and bring no
new message to the world. His
moods rise on them to spiritual del
icacy, sink to common depths,
touching no new territory at either
pole. He is picturesque, vivid,
touching, shocking and magnetic,
with the strange animal magnetism
that can take nerves into control
beneath its grasp and stimulate
them to sudden half-forgotten ac
tion that may or may not en
dure, according to the Individual
mind, which has almost as much as
faith healers claim for the soul to
do with the health and soundness of
the body. Fnr this great gift and
that other commoner gift of gab
the brother Francis thanks God
piously, publicly and I doubt me
not sincerely, calling both the di
vine healing power of Christ work
ing in himself a humble follower
of the Lamb. He renders to God
the things which are God's, but he
renders to Francis the things which
are Francis' — and even some things
which are not his.
At the close of his address the
voices of the faithful -were raised
in prayer. They prayed singly—
a man in vigorous, masterful voice,
commanding his God to go about
His business here on earth and
pointing it out to Him in fine par
ticular—"Lord! Send Thy spirit
down into our midst! Convert the
sinner, God! Turn the evil man
from his ways" — a woman whin
ing, nagging at her Lord for favors,
bribing Him with promises of praise
and glory here below— "Oh,
Lo-o-o-rd! "We be-se-e-e-ch Thee,
do not forget Thy people, and they
will sing pra-ai-ses to Thee for
ever!"
And forthwith praises were sung
and the name of God glorified in
the gospel tent. And, as is the
emotional manner of the gospel
tenters, prayers and psalms alike
•were punctuated with wild cries of
Glory! Glory! and Hallelujah! and
Praise God! and Yes! yes! and
Amen!
The sick who came to be healed
were seated in the first rows be
neath the speaker's stand. Their
names and symptoms were sent up
before them and loudly read that
all might hear. Then they formed
In sad procession and waited for
the laying on of hands.
The methods of the brother Fran
da are simple — similar in almost
every case, untheatric and, accord
ing to the testimony of many of
those who came beneath his heal
ing touch, effective.
"Where is your trouble. Sister?"
"In the eyes. I have pains in the
eyes."
"She has terrible pains In the
eyes." announces the brother Fran
cis over his shoulder. "You can't
see anything, can you?"
"Oh, yes, sir. I can see a little."
"She can scarcely see — you can't
see to read, of course? Can't see to
read at all, can you?"
"Well, I can't see — "
"She can't see at all," shouts the
brother Francis. "How long is it
since you have read a book?"
"Well, sir, for about six years I
haven't read — " '
"Hasn't been able to read a book
for six years!"
"Without glasses, sir."
"Yes. yes, very powerful glasses,
of course. She hasn't been able tJ
read for years without the assur
ance of very powerful magnifying
glasses! Here, dear Sister, let me
place my hand on your eyes! Dear
Lord! Thou who made these ryes
restore to them the sight! Then*,
now, look at this! Can you see this
line? Can you read this? Holy
Bible! That's right. Hasn't been
able to read a word for six y^ars!
She now reads at sight a line held
before her eyes! Brother, did you
take the name and address?"
And as it is with the blind, so
it is with the deaf.
"You're deaf, you say, Brother?
Which ear is worse? The right ear?
That means when you close the left
ear you do not hear anything -
you're totally deaf? This man
(loudly) is almost totally duaf.
Brother, let me place my hands on
your ears. Dear Jesus! if it be Thy
will restore the hearing to these
ears."
And the brother Francis removes
his hands and approaches his lips to
the ears and in a whisper sharp as a
sword he hisses — "Can you hear
what I say?"
."Yes, sir."
"Totally deaf for— how many
years? — forty? — totally deaf for
forty years. Can now hear a whis
per. Brother, did you take this
name and address?"
And be sure that the pood believ
ing Brother has taken it! Be sure
that it is read aloud and heard by
the faithful! Be sure that when
the unimaginative, the unemotional,
the unresponsive, the difficult sub
jects come up they are dismissed
quietly without this formality and
chided for want of faith and urged
to go home and into their closets
and down on their knees, to ask
grace and the faith that, had it
been theirs, would certainly have
made them whole! And be sure that
of those who go to the gospel tent to
be healed by th<> laying on of hands
of the brother Francis, the groater
number have that faith eternal in
their hearts and, in the spiritual ex
altation of it, under his thrilling
touch which darts like a flame into
their nerves, under his forceful ani
mal magnetism which sends the slug
gish current of their blood flowing
In great waves to their hearts, in
the presence of his swaying will to
which their lesser wills make glad
obeisance, they see, they hear, they
walk, they run, they jump, they do
whatever he bids them do and call
down God's blessing on his name.
With the crippled, the paralyzed
and the totally blind the Lord, even
with the assistance of the brother
Francis, needs more time to make
a perfect cure. There is no reason
given. The unbelieving are not told
why God who works miracles
should not do so at His pleasure.
The serious cases are sent away
comforted with promises. It is "Sis
ter! I will see you to-morrow. Pray
for help." And "Come again, Broth
er, It is not the Lord's wish that
you be healed to-night. Pra to
Him."
Yet even one of these incurables
and believers may be tortured into
illustrating the faith healer's
power—
"Dear child, dear little brother
in Christ, what' is your trouble?
The hip? You do not walk at all?
Only with canes! Give me your
canes, dear child of God! Trust in
Jesus Christ. Oh, Lord! May this
child walk!"
They say that the prayers of the
faithful are answered. In the con
gregation an old man prays with
uplifted hands and head bowed
upon his breast. His voice is heard
even above the sonorous, drowning,
praying voice of the brother Fran
cis — "Dear Master! help this boy
for his mother's sake!"
"Walk!" commands the brother
Francis.
The chi.d lcolcs for his canes,
the friends who have helped him
all through his little painful life.
They are held from him. He looks
for his father — for the arms which
have carried him.
"Try, son! Try in Christ's
name!"
The boy moves one, two, racking
steps. His face whitens. The.broth
er Francis hands him the canes.
"Praise be to God!" he says. "The
boy walks." ALICE RIX.
SCHOOL MONET
BEING WASTED
Director Gallagher Is
Incensed.
USELESS WORK GOING ON
FILED A DETAILED BEPOBT
WITH THE BOARD.
The Graduates of the Normal School
Have ' Been Granted Grammar
School Certificates — Notes
of the Session.
School Director E. J. Gallagher, chair
man of the finance committee, believes
that the money In the school fund is be
ing wast< d and frittered away. He in
tends putting a stop to useless and unnec
essary expenditures if that Is possible ol
attainment and yesterday presented the
following report at the weekly meeting of
the board:
The first matter to which I would call your
attention Is the fact that during the past week
or so the Building and Supply Committee has
put to work a very large number of men. The
total number, I believe, on both committees
exceeds sixty men. This" will mean an ex
penditure of at least JSGOO a month. I believe
that during the vacation period the Supply
Committee can find plenty of work and will
need at least thirty men. The Building Com
mittee, in my opinion, can get along with a
smaller number until such time as the board
determines whether or not the money should
be frittered away in repairs or devoted to
permanent and needed improvements, and then
whether thes*; improvements should be made
by contract or day's labor. I think the board
should determine Just how many men each
committee should employ and then that the
men should be appointed by the board, each
member appointing an equal number.
I would also call your attention to some of
the work being done by the Building Commit
tee. Very extensive repairs are being made
at the Winfleld Scott School. While repairs at
thla school were necessary, such extensive al
terations as the committee are making are in
our present financial condition entirely uncall
ed for. The school itself Is not under any
circumstances worth repairing. It is too old
and dilapidated a-M will soon be if it is not
already too small for the neighborhood. The
work being done on this school will cost, from
what I could judge, considerably more than
J4OOO, and the work Is of sufficient Importance
to have been submitted to this board for ac
tion.
Another school la the Polytechnic High.
There Is an exchange of rooms belngr made
here at the suggestion of the teachers which
is an exceedingly pood move, as It will greatly
facilitate the movement and work of the
classes in the department affected. The com
mittee Is also making two new rooms In the
hallway of the upper Btory of the school.
This work, I believe, is 111 advised and en
tirely uncalled for. The rooms will make ex
cellent death traps in case of fire. For all
practical purposes they are too small, and with
their immense skylights they will certainly be
the most expensive rooms in the department.
I visited the Agassiz School. Here the com
mittee is adding a new room. This work is
positively and unquestionably uncalled for.
The Halght School, in the immediate neighbor
hood, has ruom to spare and extra pupils
should bo sent there.
In the report made by Inspector O'Brien
about a month or so ago he does not recom
mend the adding of rooms to either of the
above mentioned schools. I visited the Stan
ford School, too, as I heard that extensive re
pairs were contemplated there. I have in this
Instance been able to delay matters until the
urgency of the alterations can be determined.
I noticed one thing about this school that did
not commend Itself to me. It seems some one
has cut out two immense squares in the yaws.
In one of them a garden is now flourishing,
the other is being prepared for a garden. This
whole thing seemed to me to be a very great
shame. It seemed as though the committee
was catering to the whim of some very selfish
persons, for while gardens are nice things and
very much appreciated by some, it did not
seem as though much thought was given to the
comfort t and welfare of hundreds of little tots
when the best and 6unniest portion of their
playground had to be taken and they must be
forced to occupy the cold, sunless portion of
the yard In the immediate vicinity of the lava
tories.
This is all I have to call attention to at this
time, but it strikes mo that it Is enough to
show you the character of the work being
done by the Building Committee. If you ap
prove of this work, then I am satisfied, as I
feel that in calling your attention to the mat
ter I have done my duty.
The present is the time to place a check upon
the indiscriminate spending of money. As
chairman of your Finance Committee I will try
to do my duty, and I do not propose in future
that my first acquaintance with matters having
to do with the expenditure of funds will be
when bills are presented for my approval.
E. J. GALLAGHER.
"I move that the board g-o into execu
tive session to discuss the financial condi
tion of the department," said Gallagher
at the conclusion of the reading of the
report.
Several of the directors objected to an
executive meeting. They contended that
as the only business that could be con
sidered would be of a public nature there
was no need for star chamber proceed
ings. The motion to hold an executive
session prevailed, but no business was
transacted, it being the sense of the ma
jority of the members that a special meet
ing be held next Tuesday afternoon to
discuss the matter.
The old schedule of salaries for teach
ers and principals was next adopted with
a few minor changes.
The use of the school lot on Bush street,
between Hyde and Larkin streets, former
ly occupied by the Girls' High School, was
granted the California Club for the pur
pose of establishing a public play ground
for school children.
The board, at the request of over one
thousand property owners, decided to re
commend that the half block of land on
the north side of Sacramento street ana
Gough and Octavia streets be set aside
and designated as a school site for the
use of the Lowell High School and that
the sum of $200,000 be placed in the next
tax levy for the construction of a sub
stantial and commodious brick building.
Principal Babcock of the Franklin
Evening School was voted an increase
of $20 a month salary.
A communication from Dr. Gallway,
Health Officer, was received calling at
tention to the unsanitary condition of the
branch Richmond School, branch Sutro
School and the Park Primary School, and
that he had been directed to take action
in the matter unless the School Board
abated the nuisance.
The board granted High School certi
ficates to Miss Evelyn D. Armer. Arthur
J. Dannenbaum, Maurice L. Euphrat,
Miss Elizabeth G. Fink, John J. Galla
gher, Alexander McCulloch and Miss
Maud McKinley. Grammar grade cer
tificates were granted the graduates
from the San Francisco Normal School.
Primary grade certificates were renewed
for Miss M. C. Barry, Miss J. A. Bigley,
Miss Ella Donovan, Miss Annie E.
Franks, Miss K. Lahaney, Mrs. B. A. Lit
ton, Miss E. J. McGreevy, Miss Annie E.
Owen, Mrs. Bessie Peake, Miss L. T. Ry
an and Miss M. H. Slavan. Other renew
als were granted as follows: High School
certificates— Miss M. J. Bragg, Ebenezer
Knowlton, Miss Marie Soule; special Ger
man certificates— Miss Laura Heineberg,
Adolph Herbst, Miss A. Miley, Dr. James
O. "Widemann. Special certificate in ar
chitectural drawing, Frank A. Gardner.
Mips Margaret M. O'Rourke was recom
mended to the State Board of Education
for a State educational diploma of the
grammar grade, Miss Minnie A. Monahan
and Miss Annie McCone Caldwell for lifo
diploma of the grammar grade.
Mrs. F. Bachman was elected a member
of the city board of examination for the
term of two years, from July 1. 1898, to
July 1, 1900, vice Miss Sophie A. Grote.
It was decided to allow the salary de
mands of eleven substitute teachers in
the evening schools, who had been ap
pointed without legal authority. The di
rectors took the position that the teach
ers, having given their services, were en
titled to remuneration. The demands will
not aggregate $300.
The following new teachers who served
successfully the term of probation were
appointed regular teachers: Miss Mary
E. Mangan, Dr. F. F. Fisher. Miss A. Mc-
Laughlin, M'ss E. Cerf. Miss A. C. Dow
ling, Miss Ida Mac Roberts, Miss E. M.
Foley, Miss M. McQuade, Miss C. E.
Parks, Mitt Adelaide Cassamajou. Miss
Mary E. Mead, Miss L. S. Dyer, Miss A.
P.. Me Boy Ip. Miss M. C. Robinson, Miss
K. Games and Miss M. L. Day.
Try the "Koh-T-Noor" lead pencil and
j-ou will have no further use for others, ♦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
0000000000000000000000000000000000000
C 3 - ■ . * m\
q "San franciscos most progressive dry-goods house," ~*
O V : ;-iJ r ' Thursday, June 30th« g
I madam: i
I we place on sale i
iat 8 o'clock to=day I
0 . %
i 5
o °
% 2000 remnants. |
I 30 doz. kid gloves at §
I 50c pair. I
I 20,000 yards ribbon, %
i 2'C Up. i
o °
© sale of I new g
© kid gloves. kid gloves. ©
p. Commencing sharp at Ba.m. we will Arrived Wednesday, 250 dozen 2-ctasp, Q
!f close out our stock of button and mos- 3-row, embroidered-back, light-weight, *J
quetaire kid. gloves, consisting of ladies' overseam kid glove, bought for summer ©
■® 8-button mosquetaire suede, 4 and 6 but- wear; colors black, white, brown, tan, red, ©
© ton suede, 8-button glace, white kid mos- green, mode, navy, slate and pearl. Sizes O
Q quetaire, Foster hook opera shades, 4-but- in brown, red, tan and black are from 5H ©
J? ton white kid, colored embroidered backs, to 8 ; all other colors come in sizes (til O
® 2-hook, 6-button length chamois, 6-button from 5 A to 7. Warranted and fit- j\T O
© length Biarritz, 3-clasp kid, ladies' kid ted— colors very latest— choice lot. t x q
© gauntlets, Castor gauntlets; also some ■ ©
O misses' Biarritz and mosquetaire kids, cajp f\"f O
O Many of these gloves ordinarily retail evenj cc * I^' "* q
O here at $1 to $1.25 per pair. Although in} *.p>*%-| «*• O «<• -f c O
q good colors, we are out of some An' 1 dlllldll 19* q
o sizes, but if we've got your size \j\)[j To . day( to-morrow and Saturday we o .
you can get real good gloves at sha || nave our first sale this summer of q
Q less than half price • Pair remnants in dimities, organdies, percales, q
q muslins, sheetings, flannels, table linens, a
_ Cfllp* OT napkins and toweling. Shrewd, econom- T*
" Jai V V/t ical women know what this means. Doors ©
9 *.;t»l**-v*« *-» open at 8 a.m. Come early. Plenty or ©
O riDDOrIS. help on hand. O
_ We placo on our fancy department coun- - .. O
5? ters 20,000 (twenty thousand) yards all-silk, DlUlll Q
2 satin and gros-grain ribbon — 21 of the "' 5f
ft most desirable shades in 9 different widths. gtC
*? Cut out this price list and bring it with *' vv ' # €>
O you — it will help to impress upon your Bunting, % width, plain or figured. ©
© mind how reasonably Hale's sell : 9i crinkled, plain or figured 6c O
2 No. 2 No. 5 No. 7 No. 9 No. 12 No. 16 FLAGS— JJ
2^c 4c 5c 7^c B^c /* Muslin flags on aisle No. 4— Sticks (per 2
" No. 22 No. 30 No. 60 Ml] dozen)— «
X 12c 15c 170 uu 4x7 6x9 Bxl4 11x18 18x27 20x36 S'
" Per Yard. Yard 8c 12c 25c 35c 75c $1 50 °
O O
O 1 Silk flags— q
O Sale OT 12x18 16x24 24r.36 32x48 O
O .- 25 c 50c $1.00 .$1.75 each O
© Sa.llOrS» Printed flags— O
2 We offer to-day one of the swell hats of 4 foot on spear 30c each ©
]? the season— the split Knox sailor— made Silk flag on spear aisle No. 4— °
O ]° Iu tai L a V $1- XT. AS an a + dv rt sem « nt 7xlo 12x18 16x24 24x36 32x48 g
g for the artistic ability and up-to-date styles 25c 4Oc c 0c 0 - $1 . $1.90 etch °
Tf of our millinery we shall sell it for 98c. 25 ° 4Oc 6Oc TlO $ hSO MV<n 0
© We would also call your attention to the Tissue paper, 3 feet in roll, 20c. O
© display of other shap;s in millinery and Red. white and blue paper, per box 30c. O
O profuse display of flowers all AQ/^ Pair of American flags crossed on plate O
O through aisle No. 4 from the nQli paper, 10c. O
O bazaar to the cloak department.. Drums, pistols, caps, badges, etc. q
o o
S sale of silk shirt waists, t
o o
© We will call this an "extraordinary" offer of silk waists — and we only use O
Q such a strong word on occasions worthy of its use. We've closed out a O
q manufacturer's balance of silk shirt waists — about five dozen of a q
q dozen different styles — all most fashionable — the best waists we have ever a
ft put on sate in our cloak department. *?
© From They are in gorgeous plaids, changeable silks, solid To ©
O i\% A A A colors, two-tone effects, pleated fronts ; others tucked, /h ITT FJA ©
O yj J I 111 shirred, pleated, pouched— pleated collars and cuffs, W' l nil °
O Mill new millinery blouse effects. We take special pleasure I|J I * O
O AJ' V in inviting you to inspect these waists. HT I q
° 937 3 939 53 94» = 943 ?45 a ' 947 Market Street. %
© ■":•■'■ ©
Qoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
3 - DAY SPECIALS I
Always dolnfe a little better and sell-
ing a little cheaper than any other
grocery firm in San Francisco. Special
reduced prices each week.
BUTTER. . .Square 35c, 2 squares 65c
Choice Creamery-
ENGLISH MUSTARD (Keen's)—
i=lb tin 10c, i-lb tin 20c
Manufactured in London
and equal to Colman's;
regular price 15c and 30c.
GUINNESS' PORTER and BASS' ALE—
Dozen pints $1.65
two best hranrts In the world.
Bottled by Wheeler & Co.
BOURBON WHISKEY 75c, 3 bots. $2.08
Gallon $3.00
E. C. Berry, Spring '90;
regular price $1 and $4-
PRESERVED GINGER Pot 35c
An Oriental delicacy;
regular price We
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Tel-phone Main SS2Z. I Telephone West 152.
Catalogue free. Particular attention given to
Country Orders. Freight paid 100 miles.
Moet &
Cfraiidon,
White Seal (Grande Cuvee) Cham-
pagne now on the market does great
honor to this famous house. — HOTEL
GAZETTE.
i
% CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIMB, < ►
I j^Js^\ CDOO I
I /SiS $22 I
% v IS THE PRICS lrx X '"
% \&**~l\/% ABEABKINO--THIS <» A -*' l
\\\ JySw) WEIK ~ r oß A < ► ,
I F l^n 4-piece ::
I M? parlor suit, I
X _-. ■ '' M«iog»ny laisa — i ►
1 Mi Silk vphtlt tsnl i I 5
1 am (& Martb#iieat« W X
Z w/t\ •» rMi » t * 4 ' %
I (§^- ROCKERS- I j
I CwY TiflS
I \s>&^? WEEK T
| <jir 51.W, 1L25.T
I <W $2.25. 3:
I J. NOON AN, i
I 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST., ¥
T Above Sixth. X
T Phone South 14. Open Evenings, v
SDR. BALL'S REINVIGORATOR
Five hundred reward for any caaa
we cannot cure. This secret remedy
stops all losses In 24 hours, cures
Emissions, Impotency, Varlcocele.
Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Fits. Stricture*.
Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent ;
sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway, . Oakland, ChZ. Also
for sale at 1073% Market St.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
X. HESS,
NOTABY PUBLIC AND ATTOBNST-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claua SpreckeU Bids.
■ Telephone Brown ML
Residence. 821 California street. below
Powell. San Francisco. . . *
NOTICE !
"We beg to notify the trade that Mr. James
Mershon has severed his connection with thl«
firm and .Is no longer In our employ.
STOCKTON MILLINO COlHELP W ANTED— Continued.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma- •
rine corp9. United States' i..'ivy. able-bodied,- 1
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
SO years, who are citizens of the united
States, or those who have legally declared
their Intention to become such; must be of
pood character and habits and ab'..- to speak, ,
read and write English, and be between 5 ,
feet 5 Inch and 6 feet in height. For further
Information apply nt-the recruiting '.face, 20
Ellis Ft., Ban Francisco, Cat. • - . ■
WANTED— Japanese man cook, butler and sec- j
und man in small private family of 2 persons
(man and wife); state if speak English un.l
how long been In this country., wages age
and expense coming here through P. O. box
552. New York City.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling. 35c; only one price. 923 i i ward st.
AMATEUR musicians for social purpose. 32S
Bush st., oftlce No. I, third floor.
HALF-TONE photographer and general photo-
engraver at 220 Market st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't H. Bernard. Be . 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
BARBERS' Asa'h Free Employment Office,
FUCHS. Si'C. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Vrancisco Barber College, 138',-i Eighth »t.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis Ft., near Jackson. .;...-
SINGLE, furnished, flne. lnrjr>\ sunny and airy
room, 2:.c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme. House. 9.".7 Market St., bel sixth,
for a room; 2."c a night; $1 a week.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters. const.
Australia; Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
SINGLE rooms. 10e an I 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts. I
WINCHESTER HOUSE, ~44 Third St.. near
Mitrket: 2<X) rooms. 25c night: reading-room;
freo 'Ims and baggage to an from the ferry.
AGENTS WAHTBD.
AGENTS wanted fnr the only official "History
of <>ur War Wlili Spain, its Causes, Inci-
dents and Results/J Civil. Military and Na-
val. Steel plates, maps and engravings. By
Hon. Henry B. Russell, Senator Proctor (Vt.)
and Senator Thurston (Neb.). The greatest
nailer ever known. 1000 more agents wanted.
We pay freight and give credit. Write for
term? and territory to the sole publishers.
A. D. WOKTHINGTON & CO.. Hartford,
Conn. '•■:-.'■
2 GENTEEL canvassers; good pay for the right
man. Call before 9 a. m.; 946 Mission at.
20 GENTEEL and well-dressed canvassers;
country or elty. Write or call 12r' ! >H Howard.
II KMTIHE WANTED.
CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer-
chandise: sold on commission: reasonable. E.
COHN. auctioneer, 450 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
H. "BATM buys turnitura and general mer-
rhnndlse. WS7 Market St.; teL Jessie 32.
HOUSES WANTED.
MODERN house in Western Addition, : or 8
rooms and bath: moderate rent; long time
tonnnt. Box 947. Call office. ■
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
JklILK— 3O gallons dally; steady; state lowest
cash price; city or country. Address Milk
Route. 252fi Mission St.
WANTED— Folding bed with mirror front, In
good condition; state price. Address box 97*,
Call <*fftce.
CLOTHING, bric-a-brac books, periodicals
bought. Send for KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus, teccnd-har.d. IC9 Montgomery St.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. ~
A? wi are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash end $G per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; p. ices are the
Fame as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some pood pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
pts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
AN elegant fterllnu piano, slightly used; cab-
inet grand, walnut case, three pedals, a bar-
pain; also one Vose & Son's, 1 Steck. 1 Chlck-
ering and one Curtaz piano: ■■ you Intend
buying <!,-> po niw; freights advance October
1 and we havo five car loads cf pianos com-
ing: we need room. i ENJ CUHTAZ & SON
Chlckering Agents. 10 to 20 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLT'TFLY the oldest and largest house i
w»st of Chic.-igo is KOHLER h CHASE'S,
26, 2S and 20 O'Farrell st. Plan . organs and !
"all other murical Instruments of all grades
ar«l j.- ... •;.-; teiiu> e»»y; piiv^a lowest; Every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the i
customer.
FOR the next 30 days pianos will be sold for
cash ai almost cost price by THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7C3 Market St.; they
are making room for fresh stock.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evani, '
Brigg3 and other pianos; see our rent plan; j
no Interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post st. .■•
IT costs you 5c to pee pianos we rent for $3 per !
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., SCO Hayes. ;
J6O— ELEGANT upright plaros; $5 installments.
1115 Post st.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
FINE 3-pedal upright, nearly new; cost $400;
must sell. Flat 1, 1021 Van Ness aye.
175— GREAT bargain; nice upright. SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister st., next Hibcrnla Bank.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; • wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, m Post st.
"AD" Fmallest: price lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KuII-
LEB & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. " 11.
MtTLLER. maker, repairer. 2' Latham place.
DENTISTS.
DON'T wear a rubber plate when you can get
a metal plate for the same price; our com-
bination metal plate, thin as paper »nd so
light it floats. Full set of teeth, $5; crowns
t3 f,O up: gold fillings. $1 up: silver, 60c up; I
bridge work a specialty; written guarantee
for. 10 years given on all work; we employ
none but experienced dentists to do your
work; no charge for extraction when plates
are ordered: examination and consultation
free. MODERN DENTAL PARLORS. 8 Ma-
eon st., corner Market; phone South 781.
A. FULL set of teeth, $6; see new flexible
plates: light and thin: guaranteed .10 years
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our sp»oial fillings, Me; crowns, $3 SO: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
entee of improve! bridge work or teeth with
out plate, removed from 6to 20 Tarred st.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors- full set
of teeth. $5 up: fillings. 2."c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings
Ml Market St., corner Sixth.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION, BRIDGE WORK-
New York methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. 963 Mission st., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. II C
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. "
ALL work reasonable and warranted DR J
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. "
r.27 MONTGOMERY, oor. Clay-Open until 9-30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
tlor.s and want ads taken. ■•
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY • Bteam Carpet-cleaning . Works—
meres, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS Mgr '
3S and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250. '
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to BPAULDIKO'S Pioneer Carpet-
t>*atlr,g Works, 35^-57 Tphama st. ; tel. S. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. C..r<vt-cleaning Co., 458
_ Stevenson St.; tel. . juth 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3. per yard; relald at 3c
jTRATTOX, 3 Eighth sti-tM. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
et.; cleaning 3c yard; tel Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S. Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st :
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor. '
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
C. E. PETERS, attorney and counselor-at-law
40 Montgomery st., room It
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bids; . 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free; no fee? In advance.,
A £ VI £ E free; no charge unless successful. W.
■- V . DAVIDSON, 327 Market st.
typewriters" ~
ALL . tj-j.-v.-ritf-rs sold and rented ;^?ew"^artly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALI-,XAN:jER CO., 110 Montgomery.
A Hammond, $25; Callgraph. $15; Yost.
get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery.
ItICYCLES. ~™~
6 O: 1D"1 D "? AND blcJ^esT^mn^Ta^upTnei'
1897 high grade $100 bicycles for $23; new
VI* 8 '' 2 ne^ pedals, $1 25 a pair; repairing.
JOSEPH <HOLLE.-20tb and' FoUom- BtsY° ■
> BUSINESS CHANCES.
$1400— FINEST frult~BtoreTiT"the city; big Van
Ness aye. and Nob Hill, trade; « wagons; 2
horses; safe; cash register;- large stock and
tine fixtures; regular trade $1000 per month;
store' trad-- $40 per day. NATIONAL BUSI-
NESS AGENCY, 7 Grant aye. _
$450— BRANCH bakery, stationery and .variety
store; near schools receipts $360 month;. 4
rooms; bargain. National Agency, 7 Grant ay.
$350 — LADY wants partner in good-paying
grocery and bar; good chance for steady man.
National 'Agency, ,7 Grant aye. '
?*."O— FINE corner saloon; clears $75 month;
bargain. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$450— FRUIT store; horse, wagon; receipts $15
day; bargain. National Agency, 7 Grant
$300— GROCERY and bar; 3 rooms;. rent $23; full
value. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$225— BRANCH bakery; 2 rooms; good business;
cheap. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
S6SO— BRANCH bakery, stationery -and notions;
3 living rooms; receipts $10 a day; near school.
National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
5223 — SALOON; easily worth $1000; $10 daily.
KREDO & CO., 22,* Geary st. |
A— flTß; DINING ROOM; tree rent: a snap If
taken at once. KRBDO A CO, 22-s Geary *t,
A-4450; CIGAR stand; ' vaXaala
stock; $13 to |li dally. KREUO & CO., UVi
Geary .«t. •
\ n0; TAILORING. at)d cleaning: 35 $1 50
m.mthlv enstomers; ch-urs $850 month; old age
cause of sale. KRBDO & CO. 22S Qeary. st
GROCERY store for sale— The undersigned of-
fers for sale stock of groceries, liquors, fix-
tures, etc., and horse and wagon, formerly
belonging to H. W. Beebeck. northeast cor-
ner Oak and Scott Bts. ; an inventory of this
property may be seen at the office of cur-
tln & Heals, room 24, third floor Mills build-
ing. San Francisco: and also at Ulcnman,
Lutgen & Co.'s, 322 Clay st . Tlllrnann A Ben-
ders 313 Battery St., and at the premises OaK
and Scott sts.; all bids must be seal. 1 and
addressed tjo D. A. Curtln, room 24, third floor
Mills building. San Francisco. Cal., on .or
before Saturday, the Ist day of October, 1595.
at 4 o'clock P. m.. and must be accom-
panied by a certified check for 10 per cent
of the amount offered, returnable only In
case of rejection: the right reserved by th»
undersigned to reject any and al! bids; terms
cash; lease from two to 6 years may be pro-
cured. D. A. CURTLN*. '- ■■'
$450; BRANCH bakery and stationery store
on Market with 5 living rooms; low rent;
established years and clearing about $60 per
month; a splendid offer. Call WILKE &
UNFUG, 306 Market fit. - . ;
A _|4Oo— CORNER saloon with club room; rent
$30; best location; ' surrounded by planing
mills and factories; a splendid offer. Par-
ticulars, WILKE A UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A— S3OO— CORNER grocery and bar. 2 blocks
south of Market St.: HvlnK rooms; rent $2. uO;
a snap. Call WILKE « UNFUG. »6 Market.
A— LIST your store "rorerty- — ■ — —
Or business place. with ■ : ■ — — : 1
W...KE & UNFUG. 906 Market st. ■ —
Tbe old estab..and reliable ■ Business Agents.
$200— CIGAR stand;- bargain this day. lie- j
LAUGHLIN _ CO.. 777 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS bakery, confectionery and
coffee parlor in prosperous country town.' Me-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market Bt.
CORNER grocer}' and bar; 3 Ilvin- rooms; do-
ing good business. MCLAUGHLIN . & CO..
777 Market St. ' '- ■
CORNER saloon; a bargain Tf sold this week.
Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
$!00— HOME bakery: Mission; counter trade
$15 dally; low rent; 3 rooms; trial. BAR-
RETT. 1125 Market St.. above Seventh.
FRUIT store; bargain; tow rent; business
fair; rooms. BARRETT, 1125 Market,
$300— CORNER grocery and bar among me-
chanics; old established; worth $.".00; owner
called abroad; see this to-day. LESS, 765
Market St. ' '-
A BIG paying hotel and restaurant at Crock-
ett, Contra Costa County, for sale; $1200;
very cheap. Owner, room 57, Chronicle bldg.
WANTED— SmaII tea and coffee route or store.
M. M. 8.. box 983, Call office.
OYSTER cocktail stand at great bargain;
BickneM cause. 29 Third St.
\\ A NTEl»— Partner with Bmall grub stake to
go prospecting. Box 735, Call office.
i"< 'X SALK-Down town corner saloon on Mar-
ket et., bargain. Box 1170, Call office.
grocery— F'" 1 ' business corner, cor. Del-
iiini" aye. and Salvador .St., San Jos*, lot
lS7:2x4t; new l.ouso, including store, 3 rooms.
horse and wagon; electric light on corner;
r llnlshed; street car on Delmos aye.;
worth $.l'j"0; will s-11 for $2:.OO. Apply at store.
$400— OLD-EST; UlilSHKn restaurant : on ac-
r.unt of leaving city; must be Bold at once;
. given; jJea*e investigate; centrally lo-
App!j ■:• -■■ Third st. (
WAN" .arty to purchase dairy
one who" will contract for my milk,
eggs and butter; income over $400 per month.
Apply at UM Folsom st. __
FINE paying restaurant must be sold; owner
going to Europe In haste; no agents. Appty
at "."all office.
HALF-INTERKST In large paint store; $1600.
F. C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market st.
WELL stocked grocery and bar. Apply WICH-
MAN & LUTGEN, 318 Clay et ;
hop; fine location; cheap If taken
before Oct. 1. 1318 Market st.
FXiORISTB business of 15 year*' standing; ac-
count of sickness. Inquire Call office.
BARBKR shop for sale; 2 chairs; short hours.
321< Front st., corner Clay.
POULTRY ranch 10 acres; all equipped: for
r lease; In city. Box 975, Call office.
CARPENTER shop, housekeeping room and
(lectures; oheaj? rent; $5. 320 Fell st.
TWO flrst-cla»s restaurant and coffee saloons;
sell ,r.e or both. Inquire of the proprietor
only n.t 31J*12uKh st.
RARBER shop for Bale cheap. 36 Second st.
Al CHICKEN ranch: good orchard; running
wnter Box 26, Diamond P. O.
DRUG Btore; excellent opening for doctor; In-
• about $1200; sell or exchange. Box 942,
Call offloe; ' '
O(XSD paying hotels must be sold: 26 rooms;
hard finished and ■ fui nlnhed; large lot; title
perfect. Call at 256 Third st.
.;. i; shop for sale; 3 chairs; good loca-
tion: sacrificed on account of sickness. 38
Han Pablo aye.. Oakland.
$32.'— FINE corner saloon; splendidly located;
FUitable place for man and wife; $25 rent; a
bart> ilrd.St. ■
CORNER grocery and bar In Mission- owner
there 7 years. Address Grocery, 868 Folsom.
location for fruit store; fixtures in; rent
reasonable. 290 Third aye., cor. Clement;
tnke Sutro far.
AKERY and notlona;. also good tobacco
trade, 1107 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
COFPEE and tea routes supplied from OEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.' B, 41» Sacramento St.
FOR sale— Call route at Ban Jose. For par-
ticulars apoly at Call business office.
MS HAVES ST.- Branch office of The Call.
Eubfcrlptlrns and ads taken.
LODGING HOUSESS FOR SAt,l3. .
6-ROOM flat^ear^CltjTHall *150
12 rooms; new furniture; 0n1y.............. 450
45-room buardlngr-house ".. 6000
26- room- house; clears $200; only - 400
65 rooms; for exchange 2500
28-room corner; price In office.....
18-room house on Sixth st ■..••" 500
25 -rooms tunny -corner 1100
16-roon; house; clears $100 500
21-room house; central; clears $100 500
82-room h'use; best In the city 1000
12-room house; worth $SOO 300
CO-room house; worth $8000.. '...". SOOtt
15-room house; on Butter st 450
24-room house; clears 5150...*. 1400
'/"-room house; worth $1000 400
CO other houses, from 3 to 200 rooms. All prices
Money to loan op any house
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A— KREDO & CO 22V4 Geary st.
Money advanced on all houses
38 rooms; clears $100; $400 cash -..slooo'
17 rooms; clears $70 :....:.......... 700
14 rooms; all, bay-windows; transient...... 900
11 rooms; Geary st.; doctor pays rent.... 650
9 rooms; worth $500;. clears. $40 200
Many others for sale' too numerous to mention.
$4000-106 ROOMS; almost new; nothing bettor;
clears $3000 yearly; transients turned - away
every night. ■ KREDO & CO., 224 Geary st.
A— ROOMS; north of Market st.; fine.:. :sl2OO
14 rooms; near Call bulldt. ni>- ....... 625
22 rooms; select: transient; corner ;. 1150
18 rooms; rent $C 0 .'..........;.. :. 450
22 rooms; north Market:;. clears $125 ..; 1150
13 rooms: all few furniture ...-675
..: IF YOU WILL CALL ON U5........
WE WILL 'IT YOU AS TO LOCATION,.
PRICE AND SIZE OF H0U58.:......
F. C. HYDE ft CO., 1306 Market st.
TO buy or pell 'lodging-houses call on Na-
tional Exchange, 7 Orant-ave.
$250— HOUSE, 16 rooms; well .furnished; near
Market fit. • National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$900— FIRST-CLASS transient- house; . none • bet-
. ter; 14 rooms and laundry: all let: clears $50
to $75 per month: Box SB3. Call offfcl*. '--• ■■
$600 CASH will buy 80 rooms; best paying houso
. In city; balance easy payments; cheap rent. ■
105 New Montgomery. - ..•--,
FURNITURE FOR SALE. .
FOR Rale— The furniture' of . a 6-rom flat, , in 1
good condition;- a. bargain;, no dealers. 1 Ad-
dress 237 j Franklin st. ' , V - '
PHYSICIANS. v ~~.
DR. 1 C. C. O'DONNELL, offlce~anT~re«!ldeBc«7
• 1206 Market; -diseases of women '• a specialty, j
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, • FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1893.
HOUSES TO LET.
ELEGANT sunny house. S rooms; rent reduced
from $,r,O, r ,0 to $35. fclS McAllister et.
PINE and Hyde sts.; large corner house of 33
rooms and 3 baths; very centrally located;
rent reasonable. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
TO LET— Rear house of B rooms; rent $10. 325
Fair Oaks st. . . _ ,
WE can rent you & bouse with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery et.
$14- HOUSE fi rooms and bath; water free. 323
Castro St., Wt. Market and Sixteenth.
S LODGE rooms rurnished, 927 Mission; 10-
room house. 2417 Butter: D-room cottage, 2405
Putter. Apply L. ALTSCHtfL, 320 Clay St.
f2f> 3-STORY house, 7 rooms and bath. 113
Olive aye., near Polk and O'Farrell sts.
FIKMSHED HOUSES.
COMPLETELY furnished cottage of 4 rooms,
hall, bath, gas, hot and rold water; coal and
Kas stoves; iarge basement floored; front and
back yard: reasonable. Call or addrets F. C.
HYDE & CO.*, BW Market st.
SECOND, P2:>, nvar Tnwnwn.l- Cottage 4 sunny
rooms, $10 : flat 6 sunny rooms, $14.
COTTAGES TO LET.
NICE sunny cottage, 447 Fifth st. ; 4 good
r. ..inis; large yard; $13.
PS— BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms, bath; $11).
flat, 5 roomß, bath. 220 Thirteenth Bt.
FURXIF O FLATS.
NICELY furnished flat: 4 rooms and bath. 11l
Fell st.
FLATS TO LET.
ALABAMA. W7 -4 ond if rooms ;" s^anaT~no";
your terms. Owner 122 I 'avis st., room 13.
APPRECIATED if seen; rarely beautiful; NW.
corner Sutter and Scott; 6 big rooms and
glazed porch: or NW. corner Erie and How-
ard, nenr Thirteenth, 7 big rooms and porch;
rent reasonable; all flooded with sunshine.
AT i>.'S Folsom— Model flat of C rooms und bath;
suitable for privato and rooming.
CALIFORNIA, 1423— Modern eunny flat of 7
rooms _nd bath; water free; rent $30. Apply
In rear.
CLAY, 1417 A —One of the most beautiful flats
in town; convenient, commodious and sunny;
marine view; rent very reasonable.
CLAYTON. $72, south of Frederick— Sunny
modern flat of 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
EDDY, 633— An eight-room flat: newly reno-
vated; central location; very convenient and
commodious; rent cheap.
FLAT of 4 rooms; big sunny yard; basenvnt :
$10. 714 Nutonia St., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
FLAT of 4 rooms: bay window and bath; S_.
716 Natoma Bt., between Eighth and Ninth.
FLAT of two large sunny rooms on second,
floor; stove If required. 648 Minna St., nr. Bth.
FUANKLIN, 717. near Golden Gate aye.— Sunny
corner flat of S rooms and biitb.
FULTON, 835, near Webster— A completely
furnished upper flat, 6 rooms; bath; garden.
HARRISON, 2643, corner Twenty-third— N>w
upi>er flat, 4 sunny rooms and bath; all mod-
ern improvements; $12.
LEAVJSNWORTH, i;ii>— Upper flat of 6 rooms^
rent $16.
LOWER flat, t rooms: upper flat, 4 rooms and
bath; rear house, 4 rooms. 1310 Larkln st.
MCALLISTER, 726— Upper flat, 7 rooms, bath;
rent $27 CO. Key at 725.
MISSION, ICUB, near Eleventh— Flats, 5 large
sunny rooms, bath; laundry*; rents $15 up.
NICE sunny flats. 637 Minna St., between Sev-
enth and Eighth ; $10. %
NE. cor. Nineteenth am. Noe ?ts., 1 block from
Eighteenth or Castro st. cars— Lovely sunny
corner flats: 5 rooms, $18, water free; 4 rooms,
$16, water free.
NINETEENTH. 3332, bet. Noe and Sanchez—
Lowly flat: 4 large sunny rooms; bath; gas;
large yftrd; $12 50.
PACIFIC 1217 bet. Jones and Leavenworth—
Flat of 5 rooms.
P»QE. 4«6— Elegant sunny upper flat; 7 rooms
and bath; fine location and view.
POND. 47. off Sixteenth, \% block from Market
- Sunny upper 5-ro.om flat; $15; water free
POST, 321— Sunny lower flat; 6 rooms and bath;
rent $11
RENT reduced; new flat of 5 rooms and bath;
2MI Post: $20. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market St.
SEVENTH, 346— Beautiful flat 7 rooms; must
be seen to be appreciated; rent $25.
515 1 .n -•< i HSOdern nat, v rooms, L>am and stable,
$W; without stable, $14, Apply 4247 Nineteenth
ft., corner Diamond.
SUNNY flats; 3 and 4 rooms; rent reasonable.
63 Pleasant St., oft Jones, near Sacramento.
SUNNY flat; cheap; 6 rooms and bath. 531
Thirteenth St., corner Market.
SUNNY flat, 6 rooms, bath. 23 Birch aye., oft
Larkin St., between Grove and Pulton.
TAYLOR. 2Ol4ii— Sunny modern flat, 6 rooms
and bath; rent cheap.
TENTH, Slo— Modern flat of 5 rooms and bath;
fun all day; nice yard; $IS.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
A— sl ft ; Five rooms, bath; Preclta aye., 20, off
Mission, near Twenty-seventh.
3-ROOM flat. Inquire at 3.'2 McAllister St.
$10, $12. $13— SUNNY flats; range; hot and cold
water. 101-103 Prospect nlace, cor.Sacramento.
$13— CHEAPEST flat In the city; 5 rooms, bath,
cellar, yard. 3977 Army St., near Sanchez.
2 SUNNY modern flats, 4 and S rooms, bath.
61fi^4 drove Bt. and 925 OoMen Gate avo.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— PT T ITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 In
kitchen and 1 in bedroom, with suit to match:
furniture. all new; $3 per week, $11 per month;
puitable for 4 or S persons. Apply at shoe
Bt'.re, 562 Mission St., b»t. First anil Second Bt.
AT 522 Polk— 2 nice front unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping.
AT 41 j Van TCes? aye.— Large double parlor, un-
furn.tshe<S; also 2 rms. in basement; gas rang".
BRTANT, 511, near Third— Nicely furnished
sunny suite; running water; JlO per month.
BUCHANAN, 602, cor. Fell— Bay-window bed-
room and kitchen adjoining; coal or gas stove.
CHESTNUT, 293, corner Dupont-Flne fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; no small chil-
dren; fine view and nun; quiet neighborhood;
cheap.
EDDY. 917 — Desirable front connecting house-
keeping rooms; gas range; splendid location.
EDDY, 207— Large furnished front room for
housekeeping; sunny room for 2; cheap.
KLLIR, fill— Two sunny connecting rooms for
housekplng; also nice front room for 2 gents.
FIFTH, 392— Complete housekeeping rooms, (1
up; private family.
FIRS 7, 28—2 unfurnished rooms; • suitable for
housekeeping; 16 per month.
FOLSOM, 863—2 large -sunny furnished rooms;
separate kitchen and yard; running water.
GEARY, 666— Elegant sunny suite rooms; prlvl-
I. ■ lege light housekeeping; double and single
1 ■ rooms. -■■■.-■• ■ :_
I GOLDEN GATE, 1410— Finely furnished parlor
I .floor; complete; regular' kitchen; bath; gar-
1 . den sun all day. ' • ■ '■*sr.*.S%
1 HARRISON aye., 21—2 large sunny rooms, sec-
1 ond floor; housekeeping; closets.
I HOWARD, 761^— Nicely furnished sunny room«,
suitable man. and wife; others; reasonable.
HOWARD, 106&— A newly furnished sunny par-
lor suite, hkpg. $12; others, $8; single, $4 mo.
■ KEARNY, near -flutter— 3- unfurnished rooms;
I gas free; cheap rent. Apply 15 Grant aye.
1 I LARKIN, 613— Beautiful sunny suite; piano
[ and kitchen complete for housekeeping.
LEAVENWORTH. 515—2 nicely furnished
: j rooms for housekeeping; every convenience.
MCALLISTER, 226 A —Sunny parlor suite and
kitchen; also other rooms; bath, laundry. ■
McALLISTER, 422— Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping. ■ , .' - ■ " '
I MINNA, 546— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing. '' "" ""'"- " ■
MISSION, 839— Rooms complete for housekeep-
. Ing , $2; single room $1 and up. -
MISSION, 1129— Newly furnished rooms; -house-
j : keeping; also others cheap. ■
MISSION, 1217—! large sunny rooms, complete
; . for housekeeping; rent reduced. ■
PINE, 1810—- Sunny unfurnished parlor • floor,
3-. rooms; clean; reas.; , Presidio -cars direct.
POLK, 916— A flat of • 2 or . 3 well furnished
rooms;.-. piano: -gas. or coal range. - ."<"_■;.•-..-*■•:;
SEVENTH, 178— Cheerful sunny '. furnished
housekeeping rooms; yard; also furnished
front rooms: $1 per week. •;■ " -" . -
TAYLOR, B3S— Sunny unfurnlsHed parlor; bath;
■ closets^ light housekeeping. -: . . !..:..: •
• i THE Piedmont, 119 A. Sixth i St.— J or i rooms. -
■ furnished for housekeeping; also other room*.
VALENCIA, 1154, near Twenty-second— 2 con-
necting rooms, both sunny; closets and sink;
moderate.
VAN NESS aye., 232—2 and 8 furnished rooms,
complete for housekeeping; gas ranges.
HOCSEKEEriXG ROOMS— Continued.
VAN NESS. 400— Newly and elegantly fur-
nished sunny corner flat, 3 rooms and bath;
3 closets: gas range; complete.
VAN NESS, 400 — Unfurnished sunny parlor
floor, 4 rooms; newly papered; modern.
VAN NESS aye., 940— Nicely furnished parlor
fli.or for physician or hoUBC-Pg; private fam.
VAN NESS nve., 1021— Front suite; 3 sunny
rooms; kitchen; gas; range; other rooms.
ROOMS O LET.
ALMA, 14A Geary— Furnished rooms and suites
froip $1 00 per week up; transient. ■
A— STOCKTON, 242 — First-class sunny front
rooms; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St. — Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single: first-class
in every respect; tf-rms reasonable.
AT Q SECOND— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; wk, $1 to $2 50:lduy 2. m : ti> 50c.
AT 416 O'Farrell— Sunny rooms; suites; single;
by day, week or mo.; baths, running water.
BALBOA, The, H«A Market Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 50c, suites fl per day; less
p«r week; country trade solicited; elev'tr; tel.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, or. Mason— .Sunny
suites and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8. $10 mo.
ELLIS, 597— Parlor floor, 4 rooms; suitable for
doctor or family; rooms for housekeeping.
FIFTH. 3L'_ — $1 week; large sunny single fur-
nished room; closet, bath; private.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY. 610—2 large sunny rooms, newly fur-
nished; ulso housekeeping rooms.
GEARY, 736— Nice sunny front room for 2, $6;
also room for 1, $5; bath; private.
GLOBE Houße. 821 Howard-Per night. 25c to
II; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE a\e., IWO, corner Laguna—
Well furnished, large single sunny front
room. $S; private; only man and wife.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 262-Elegant front al-
cove; light housekeeping allowed.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 333— Comfortable sunny
rooms for 1 or more gents; private house; reas.
GRAND BOUTHERN, HE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK HoOM, TSI Mission— Select family
rooming house.; $1 SO to $6 per week.
HASKELL, The, 121 Powell St.— Cheap neat
light sunny rooms; transients; gents preferd.
HAVES, 543— Sunny double parlors suitable for
2 gentlemen or man and wife.
HOTEL VANCOUVKR. 1001 Sutter— Elegantly
furnished suites und sinsl e rooms; moderate.
HOWARD, 650— Single front room suitable for
one or two; reasonable.
HOWARD, 112?. between Seventh and Eighth-
Fine sunny front rooms from $4 month up.
HOWARD, 1802, corner Fourteenth— 3 or 4
sunny front rooms; rent $8.
JESSIE, 512- Large sunny front room; bath; 2
gentlemen or man and wife.
KEARNY. _M— Back parlor, with use of front
parkir; for gentleman or gentleman and wife;
rent very low; private family.
MARKET. 1027 H., bet. fth and 7th— Elegantly
furnished front suit rooms; first floor; $30.
MARKET, 1032, near Mason— Newly furnished
sunny r&oms: double, single; transient;- $4 uu.
MASON, 22.'.— A sunny bay-window room, nicely
furnished, $2 per week; others; transient.
McALLISTEH. 40S --.' unfurnished rooine; bath
and yard ; rent reasonable.
MISSION, 865— Sunr.y furnished rooms, $1 week
up: light housekeeping.
MISSION. 1037— lieautiful parlor suite, ele-
gantly furnished; $:!!. MRS. C. M. SIMPSON.
MISSION, 1035—2 nicely furnished parlors, to-
gether or separate, for couple or gents.
NATOMA. 62<»— 2 Sunny front rooms, furnished.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
PHILADELPHIA House— Furnished rooms, 75
cents a week and upward. 421 Hush St.
PINE, 510, second house from Kearny — Fur-
nished sunny front room In private German
family, $6 per month.
POUT, 239 — Three blocks from all hotels; sunny
rooms; before locating elsewhere, see them;
elevator; all conveniences; families and gen-
tlemen; references given; board optional.
POST. 1115. between Polk and Van Ness— B nice
furnished rooms to private house.
I'"\vki.L. -:i7 Elegantly r'uniish.-<l suit of
rooms, -with privilege kitchen for breakfast.
POWELL. 409— Nlcel- furnished ahcove suite;
suitable for 1 or 2 gents; private house.
PROSPECT place, 123. bet Lowell and Stock-
ton, near California — Large room, bath, |6;
private; German.
ROOMS in good location by the day to respect-
able parties visiting city. Address "Select,"
box Ml, Call.
SEVENTH. 192, near Howard (Girard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable: also housekeeping.
SHE JIM AN Apartment House, 2S Ei«hth St.,
ri-ar Market— Furnished' and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 138— I>arge front sunny room; also
rooms $1 per week.
SIXTH. 429— Large well- furnished sunny parlor;
quiet home for 2 gents; t*; private.
TAYLOR, 108— Nicely furnished room 1 or 2
gentlemen: quiet house; rent cheap.
TUB McMILLAN, fl9 Larkln— Elegantly fur-
nished sunn- front suite: also single room.
TREMONT House, 177? Market St.. opp. Gough
—House newly furnished: single rooms or
suites; two kitchens for tenants for light
housekeeping; rooms from |5 to $12.
TURK. 152— Large nicely furnished sunny room
suitable for 2; suuny single front room, |6.
TI'RK. 624— ftanoy front parlor suite: also nice
single room: gns and bath; reasonable.
"VAN NESS. 813— Sunny rooms, unfurnished, |5;
furnished, 110: private family.
ROOMS AND lIOAJiII.
ABBOTSFORrjTTh*—
Broadway and Polk st*. : quirt, homelike;
term? moderate; board opt'nal; all cars direct.
AHLBORN House. 319-321-823 Grant are. —
Rooms 60c up; board and room, II per day and
upward: free bus to and from hotel.
BI'RH, 822— Changed hands; large sunny rooms;
board: running water; bath.
FOLBOM. 611— Swedish private boarding, with
room. 14 to $5 per week: nice location.
OEART, 227 — First-class board; home cooking;
special rates to students, clerks; dinner, too.
HOTEL LAS P ALMAS, IS2O Market— Elegantly
furnshd. rms.: suite, single; board optional.
MCALLISTER, 737— Lovely sunny rooms for 2
or 3 gentH; hot and dold water; board optional.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant home for gent:
board; hot and cold water; |20; other rooms.
THE 0R..1L — New elegantly furnished sunny
Market st. suites, with board for S, |40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS aye.. Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms; first-class table board.
VAN NESS, 100S— Excellent table board; sunny
furnished rooms.. ■ ' . .
, ■ CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED— ChiId to board. Apply 1113 Clay st.
~ STORES TO LET. '
CLEMENTINA, 23—4 rooms and store; bar fix-
tures; cheap rent.
TWENTY-FOURTH, Corner store . and 4
rooms; stable If desired; Twenty-soeond st.
• cars pass; $14. :
HOWARD, 1802— Store and two rooms; rent
■ cheap.: ' - . ' __■'■
HORSES.
HORSE, wagon and harness for sale. 1401
Steiner st. : ' , .
60 HORSES of every. description at Emporium
Sales Yards. 220 Valencia St., between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own price; come and
make an offer. ... \
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horjse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction "sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JUST arrived— 2 carloads work, draft ■ and driv-
. ing horses. Occidental Sale Yards.72l Howard.
LARGE assortment of work, draught and
driving horses, cheap. 145 Valencia st. - ....
• WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. -
SACRIFICE sale for this day only, as i premi-
Fes must be vacated by 6 p. • m., I will sell
■ ■ buggies, surreys, phaetons, hocks and harness
; at naif price that I bought at Sheriff's sale
Sl4 i Geary St., • bet: • Hyde and ' Larkln. >; D. :
PHILLIPS. ■ ■ -■ .. *.:■■■--.-•-■- ■ ■;■",:.
GOOD peddling wagon nd harness cheap. Call
440 Bush st. :..'--, ,:.,:,:.,,•',■
SPECIAL /sale of [harness and vehicles.- '..Lle-
- bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. City Hall.
„ J^Jx^J^"^L^^^?i?:l' - - - :' -': - - '- •- : :' : . ■ "'■ ■
pl^R^-RlfD^Ll^^t^Me^Md^M^ins^Co^
office Tenth and Market; telephone South 164.
::;:-,.-V: :;:-,.-V . personals. .':•....•-...•....
THE Magic Hand Loom mends all fabrics; per-
fect' weaver; 25c. Greater West Advertising
and Novelty Co., U55& Washington. Oakland.
LEDERER'S Qulnonia cleanses the scalp thor-
oughly; 35c bot. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton.
i CURLS are used by every one in hairdreesing
j now, 45c pair; hairdressinK, 25c: hair restored
I to its natural color, H5O up; good switches.
%1; finest, $3 50; extra, $5: open Sunday, 9 to
I 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton at.
electric liuhta in every room; Winchester
I House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms.
1 250 to $1 50 per nlfht; $1 E0 to *fi per week;
free 'bus and baggafe to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order on installments at eaa* prices,
, t\ week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FI'NKE, 1416 Sth St., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
! LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th andjth. ■
MASU MIYAKAWA. Japanese contractor and
labor agent, 410 Kearny St.; Eel. Green in.
DRESSMAKERS.
! SAX FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
I College, 916 Market; men and Women teachers.
MISS QILLIGAN, dre aking and cloak-
making school. 213 Grant aye.
MME. GOx- DSTEIN— EI ant stylish dresses, ?5
up; dresses made nver. 2 J5My st., rm. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will revpal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life while In a per-
fect trance; perfect satisfaction guaranteed
by mail. Send stamp for circular with spe-
cial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms 2a
and 26, 1206 Market. st., opp. Sixth.
MISS DWTEB, greatoi--t clalrvoynnt medium
on Pacific coast: all readincs guaranteed or
no fee accepted; readings per mail, *1 50; let-
ters promptly answered. 426 Post Bt. ; men-
tion this paper.
MME. STHILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell St.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth Bt.. near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MKS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an ofSc* at 335 O'Farrell «t.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader.medlcal clairvoyant, diseases cured
with revealed rr-medles; cancer-cured without
pain; cittin^'H $1 : diagnosis free. 232 Stockton.
C. V. MII.LEH'R materialising trumpet seance;
S p. m.; 25 cents; 4(W Leavenworth Bt
M. PRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dium. US HaiKht st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
Ings, $1; dr. Tues., Frl., 2 p. m. ; Mon., 8; 25c.
MRS. SHAFFER, test Rnd business medium:
sittings dally. 2124 Sixth st.
HYPNOTISM
INSTRUCTION given in personal magnetism;
diseases and habits cured permanently; mag-
netism Is the success In social -r.d business
life. The College, 305 Larkln St., TuesdaJ
evening free.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Fo?t St.— Book-
k'-eijing, business prnctioe, shorthand, ty;i-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
eleitrical, civil and mining engineering; M:r-
veylng, assaying, etc.; -'> teachers; IIUO grad-
uates placed since US92; catalogue.
AYKI.'S' Business College, 723 Market st. ; indi-
vidual Instruction in shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy. penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, $JU; low rates
per week and month.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry, Ph. H. IM-
low in Mathematics, U. C, 7407 S. Ath-n. n,
rir. Channins way, IJerkeley ; writefor circular.
ENGINEERING School— Civil, electrical, min-
ing, niech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.;
est. 1*64. VAN DJBB NAtLLEN, 933 Market
FRENCH lessons given by French lady; terms
moderate. Address iX, Chestnut st.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrs experience. Frees Club bldß., 123 Ellis,
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, pta.no, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. Till-: MISSES LANE. 3!»41 24th Bt.
MARCHESI'S vocal studio reopened. 811 Leav-
biiworth, nr. Sutter; nri. tuition; voios oalt
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory in
Leipsic; lesHnns, 7j cents. 110 Hyde st.
MMX. Annis Montague Turner, vocal Instruc-
tions; correct and natural method. i»3O Bush.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation. pflßotically
taught; short time. T.irr, .",7^ I'arntt bldg.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month; references;
private lessons; terms JJO. 712 Van Ness avc.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespi are
classes ; prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 I'.ush.
MEDICAL.
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
instantly (no matter from what cause); safe
and sure at any time; my celebrated reme-
dies and treatment have never been known to
full- travelers helped without delay; home in
confinement; skillful medical attention; all
those who are sick and dlflCouragi I consult
the doctor free and confidential; strong pills,
II; guaranteed cure. fS. MRS. DR. WYETH,
2W> Turk st., near Jones.
ALL Ladies — C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
P0 years' practice; safe aud quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; n"
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free- con-
fidential. MRS. M. PAVIES, U2S Market
St.; pills, II; very strong, 52.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: pt g|.
tlvely safe and sure; no dagger of alter ef-
fects; taken In time it also acts as a in-
ventive; price |1 60 per box. sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye., S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In one day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or instruments used; consultation free;
paves disgrace; pills ami capsules, $1; cure,
IS. By the well-known ladies' physician for
37 years, DR. POPPBfi, SU Koarny st
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irreguhiiltios from what-
ever cause; no Instruments used: guan
cure at office. |f>; travelers helped Instantly;
home for patients; consult frpe; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, IUS Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEUENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best core and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted Into rr>od homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a hi "n to Indies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50:
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
ATTENTION! Rheumatism; guaranteed cure In
10 days: no pay till cured. 2»'.i Hyda st.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; sunny, pleasant
home In confinement. 166 Second st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Bran.!! office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads tnken.
LOST.
LOST— Pass-book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of BRIDGET O'MARRA, No. 112,410.
The finder will please return to bank.
GENTLEMAN who picked up $5 piece on
Kearny-st. car at 8:30 yesterday, pieat-e re-
turn to J. McELROY, 230 Francisco st. ; party-
known.
LOST— In Halght-st. car, a basket with 2
library books, a shawl, etc.; reward imi<l;
no questions asked. 122 Stockton St., cigar
store.
LOST— Plan or front elevation of 3-story house;
T. C. Cochrance, architect. Return to 149H4
Fifth Ft. ; lllji !;il reward.
CERTIFICATE No. 234 for 10 shares of the San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railroad,
issued to A. G. RUSS, has been lost and a
reward of $10 Is hereby offered for delivering
the same to A. 'J. Hiss, 201 Montgomery st.
LOST— Tuesday afternoon on Van Ness aye.
and California. Larkln or Slitter sts.. goi.i
bow pin; gold watch attached; monogram
S. P. Please return to 1730 Jackson st. ; lib-
eral reward.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for stone wall— General depot.
Quartermaster's Department, 36 New Mont- .
■ gomery street, San Francisco, September 27,
1898. Sealed proposals will be received at this
office until 11 O'clock a. m., on October 28,
180 S. and then opened, for construction of
Btnne wall along southern boundary of mili-
tary reservation. Presidio of San Francisco, J
In accordance wit*" plans «nd specifications '
on file here, which can be seen on applica-
tion. OSCAR F. LONG, lieuten- it colonel,
U. H. Volunti erß. depot quartermaster.
SEWING MACHVES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 206 Fourth at.
V
CITY REAL ESTATE.
AS a whole or In subdivisions— Choice corner
lots giving lanorapiic view of the entire city
and bay and surrokndhig- country: -cor. fluuna
Vista aye. and South Broderick st., 2 blocks
south from Haight and Bakor sts. and 4
blocks from entrance to Golden Gate i'ark;
fronts on Buena Vista Park. C. E. FAX- ■
NUM. M. D., 805 Parrot building. ■
t3BS— LARGE lot 44:0x103:6, r;r. Bunnyslde; 2 car
lines; perfectly level; new cottage opposite;
positive bargain. 21 Powell st., row. 1 and 2.
$1600— FOR sale, in the warm belt of the Mis-
sion, a modem 5-room cottage; $250 cash. $10
per month; lot 2."x114. Apply to GKo. W.
iTERSON & CO., 17M Market st.
F<>K sale— A small house of 3 rooms at the Mis-
sion. to be removed; strongly built, with no
plastering. Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO., Real
Kstate Agents. 630 MAFfcet Ft.
COIXTKY REAL ESTATE.
TO RENT— In Contra Costa County, on San
Pablo Creek, 8 miles from Berkeley, li'.O
ar es land; well watered, wooded: 3.*.0 acres
good prnin land; balance excellent pasture;
suitable milk or rtock ranch: R. R. facilities;
crops never fail. R. E. Rowland, Orinda Park.
FOR Sale— Stock ranch; 1200 acres land: 500
acres fine grain land, remainder grazing hill
land; abundant feed: wpII sheltered and
watered: si'uated in Colusa County, 16 miles
from railroad; price $10 per acre. Apply to
MRS. M. S. CHAN DON. Marysvilie. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FORECLOSURE bargains offered by Oakland
Building and Loan Association. 1151 Twenty-
third aye.. East Oakland. Cal.
Lots from $150 up.
Houses, 5 to 8 rooms, from $1000 to $4000.
Cnll and see our llFt.
FOR Sale In Oakland— New house. 7 ronms and
bath: 2-story; best construction and finish;
lot 40x123; fine neighborhood; 3 minutes from
railroad station; 30 minutes from San Frm-
cisco; monthly Installments. HERON & HOL-
COMP., W0 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES
FOR RENT— Furnished, in Oakland, bouse 11
rooms; northwest corner; large grounds; fine
neighborhood: 3 minutes' to railroad station,
30 to San Francisco; 18 or 24 months; rent
WO, Including care of grounds. HERON &
HOLCOMB 1050 Broadway.
HOTEL TO RENT INFI UMSHKP.
NEAR City Hall, on prominent corner, hotel of
f>B rooms; short walk to trains, theaters,
churches, etc. ; rent reasonable to responsible
party. HERON & HOLCOMB, MM Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
WINDSOR Hotel— Rooms without board; ac-
commodations for cooking. 9th & Washington.
UK FURNISH El) housekeeping apartments,
with carpets; reasonable. 122!> Broadway.
OAKLAND DRESSMAKINO.
LADIES' coats, itowns and suits. MRS. B.
CHATMAX. S"8 27th St.. nr. Sar Pwblo.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR MLH.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAB' old store, 408 Eleronth st. Se« him.
BEiIKELEY REAL ESTATE.
THE CREAM OF BERKELEI'.
We are about to build 3 S-room modern co-
lonial homes, 1 block south of unhersity, on
large lots; terms to suit; also elegant house
just completed In same locality; plate-glass
Windows, porcelain bath, etc.
$1100— s-room house at Gold-n Gate; large
lot! 1 block ot station; easy terms.
M. L. WURTS, 17th and Broadway. Oakland.
ALTA PUNTA Tract again on the market;
prices reduce. l; on San Pablo aye., % miles
north of Berkeley; lots and by acreage; look
at this. Send for map to G. W. HAIGHT,
S2O Sansome st., S. F.
IKOO— NEW house of 7 rooms and bath; all
modern improvements; large lot; street work
all done and near the university. JOS. J.
MASQX, I'.eal Estate. Berkeley station.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
30 LARGE and small desirable ranches for Oak-
land property; also good renting Oakland
property' lor ranches; see me for what you
want. J. H. EPSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or" pianos In S. P., Oak-
land or. Alameda-, at lowest ra^s, without
removal; no ' commission; no delays. J.
NOON AX,' 1017 to 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14. .
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st.; telephone Green 204.
ADVANCE? on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money qnick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest interest. Room 6S, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, piaans, city or Oakland; no re-
nmval: low rates; no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Post st.
AXV amount at fi'j per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, rial estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
ON furniture. pianos, without removal; no corn-
; mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
SECOND tnortga^es and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 036 Market St.
|60 TO ares! rates; Ist and 2d inurtg. ;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and 'home 'capital ~to~fnvest. BTL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker, 328 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE— >IISCELLANEOIS.
MANUFACTURER'S stock, 850 beautiful col-
ored pictures, liixH inches, mounted on glass
with brass chain around for hanging; >!< sub-
jects for 15c each; sold everywhere for 35c.
JONES, 547 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d.
AX Irish retriever dog 12 months old; best
duck and quail dog in California. Apply D.
P. C, Burlingame P. 0., Ban Mateo County.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-lmnd machinery. Me-
INTOSH & U'OLPMAN. 18">-197 Fremo"nt st.
100.000 FEET second-hand lumber; all kinds.
Fifteenth and Valencia ets.
LARGE fire nnd burglar -roof safe for sale
cheap at 42 Main pt.
BARS, bacltJ>ars. mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, arflco furniture, store and office mr-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-10C3 Mission St., above
Sixth.
FINE sealskin for $90, cost originally *170, at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
SAFES— New and second hand; cheaper than
ever. Herman Safe Mnnfc, 533 Sacramento.
SECOND-HAND belt in*, pulleys, shafting, en-
pines, boilers, dynamos, etc. 51C Mission St.
PHONOGRAPHS, ftt; r^cirdn. |:, per doaen;
projectoecope, $103. Bacigalupi, 938-952 Market.
J. R. POOL, house mover, dealer sccond-hMnd
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 757.
SAFES !':irpa.ins in new and second hand; all
sizes; hn.lf original cost. 109-tll Market, 8. F.
"IIiHi~MARR]IAp z DEAYHT~
nirth. marrloge and death notices ?ent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and r?Fi<ience of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
IIOR\.
ALLEN— In this city, September 2S. 189S, to
the wife of Harry E. Allen, a daughter.
DILLON— In this city, September 2fi, IS9B, to
the wife of T. B. Dillon, a daughter.
FKYGK— In this city, August 27, 1898. to the
wife of H. T. Fey*e. a daughter.
GRIFFING— In this city, September 26, 3598, to
the wife of F. A. Griffing, a son.
Gt'NDERSEN- In this city, September 21, IR9B,
ot the wife of 11. Cundorscn, ii daughter.
MARRIED.
{FRANDSEN— HANSEN— In this city, Septem-
; ber 19, 1838, by the Rev. J. Fuendelin^. Jamea
; Frandset) and Annie C. Hansen, both of San
Lorenzo," Cal.
GUNTHER— DU FRANE— In this city. Septem-
ber 28, 1398, by the Rev. J..Fupndellng, George
Gunther and Agnes M. Dv Franc. - ■ -: ..
ING HAM— In this city, "September
■■ 2S, 189 S. by the Rev.. James Wopdworth, Rich-
I ard H. Ingraham of Crockett, Cal., and Net-
' tie M.'Botts of Martinez, Cal. \ ■•■■'■ . - .
VOORHEES— Vallejo, September
4, tStt. by the Rev, The i. F. Burnham, Sher-
man L. Voorhees and Catharine.'A.' Rasner.
DIKJD.
Behan, Bridget A. Kavanagh, ,T> hn
Bradford, Mary Kerrigan. Mary A.
linntliiß, Mrs. E. M. Korhendorfer, B.
Chapman, Charles B. 1-indop, Mary E.
('rosy, Albert Miißulre, Mary
Deckt-lman, F. E. Moran, Eilward
l)oering, Caroline A. Muller, Sebastian
Donovan. Edward W. O'Neill, Mri Rebecca
Dowd, A. PeterßQß, Mariqulta
Dreypojchfer, E. G- Rosenbergcr. Arthur
Farrell. Edward W. Tremblay, ifarah. J.
Guiih, Arthur F. Vop uif>glinKf-n, A.
Huerne, Prosper L. W-acker, Gustave
BEHAN —In thta city, September 27, IS9B,
Bridget A., beloved wife of James Behan.
mother of John E., Mary A. and Thomas J.
Behan, and sister of Hannah and Kat*-Cur-
ley and Mrs. Annie Sullivan, a native of Gal-,
way. Ireland, " •;?.'•" - ;. .
E 'Friends are respectfully l invited to at- '
'tend the funeral this day (Friday), at '8: JO
o'clock, from her late residence, 290S Twenty-
third street, thence to St. Peter's Church,
where a requiem -high mass will be celebrated .
for 'the rer ;=e of her soul at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
BRADFORD— In this city, September 27, 1898, 1
Mary, beloved wife of- Charles P. Bradford, .
daughter of the late James and Catherine
Curley, and sister of John Curley and Mrs.
T. Brady, a Native of San Francisco, aged 32
years and 2 days.
IPTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
tully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from me residence -
Of her sister, 69. r.iusch street, oft Howard,
between Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services at 11 o'clock.
Intermint Holy Cross Cemetery.
BUNTING— In Plainflpld, N. J.. Mrs. Evelyn
Mitchell Bunting,- beloved mother of John A.
Bunting, a native of New York.
CHAPMAN— In the City and County Hospital.
September 29, 1898, Charles Bert Chapman, a
native of West Virginia, aged o."> years.
ckkssy— ln this city, September 29, 1898.
passed to the higher life, Albert, beloved hus-
band of. Frnnces E. Cress-.. father of Robert
C. and Daisy May Creasy, and son-in-law of
Mrs. A E. Moore, a native of Hamilton
County, Mass., aged 67 years.
DECKELMAN— In Cavite. August 27. 1898, P.
E., beloved son of Frank and Emily Deckel-
man, and brother of Richard and Albert
Deckelman, a native of San Francisco, aged
23 years. Member of Hospital Corps. First
. .California Volunteers, and student of Califor-
nia Dental College.
DOKRING— In this city, September 29, 18J8,
Caroline Arianthia. dearly beloved daughter
of William P. and Lizzie Jr\ Doering, a native
of San Francisco, 'aged 2 years 2 month* a,nd
25 days. t:, •-
CT'Notlce of funeral hereafter. '
DONOVAN —In Andersens Springs, Lake
County, September 28, 1898, Edward W., be-
loved son of Murty and the late Catherine
Donovan, brother ot Hugh, John and the late
David M. Donovan, and cousin of Mrs. M.
Kelly, a native of Mariposa County, Cal.,
ape.l 27 year.-: 7 months and 20 days ■ - .  ■ .
Friends and acquaintances and members'
of South San Francisco Parlor No. 157. N. 8. V
G. W., are respectfully invited to attend the •
funeral Sunday, October' 2, at • 7 o'clock. .'•
from the parlors of McAvoy & Co., 123.' Mar- 3
ket street, thence to All Hallows Church, -.;•
■where a solemn requiem mass will be cele«- "3
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc- "
ing at 8 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary '
Ceme tery. -. ■ v
Down— ln this city, September 29. 1838, Mary :'
A., beloved wife of Hugh Dowd, and sister •;
of Thomas O'Neill, a native of New York. \
aged 40 years. , . J
ir^Friends and acquaintances are respect- ';
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow i
(Saturday), at 8:45 o'clock, from her late -
residence, 2224 Post street, thence to St. Dom- ,
inlc's Church, where a solemn requiem mass -'
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,'
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Hcly 1!
Cross Cemetery. -v
DREYPOLCHER— this city, September 28. .;
1598, Edwin Glrard, beloved Eon of Frederick j
and Amelia Dreypolcher, and brother of Wil- j
liam S. Dreypolcher and Mrs. William Rot- \
rosky, aged 33. years 2 months and 12 days. I
• C^Friends and acquaintances are respect- >
fully invited to attend the funeral this day ,
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the English Lv- !
theran Church, Geary street, above Gough. ■'•
FARRELL— In this city, September 28. 1898, '
Edward William, ■ beloved son of George L. ■;
and Lillle E. Farrell. and nephew of Mrs. : ,
E. H. Beverly and Willie R. Malone, a native .
of San Francisco, aged • -"-ears and 4 months. j
C?" The funeral will take place this day s
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from th«? residence of ,
the parents. 2144 Langton street. Interment
private. Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
GT'XX— In this city, September 29. IS9B. Arthur '.
Foster, youngest son of A. F. and Idah E. '■
Gunn, a native of Berkeley, Cal., aged 14
years 7 months and 23 days. -
(TJ'Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Satur- '.
day), at 2 o'clock, at the residence. 1118 :
O'Farrell street. Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
Hl' ERNE— There will be a requiem high mass ■,
for the repose of the soul of the late Prosper .
L. E. Hneroe to-morrow (Saturday), at
9:30 o'clock, at the French Church of Notre ■
Dame dcs Victoires, Bush street, below Stock- .
ton. Friends are requested to attend.
KAVAXAGH— Drowned in this city, September
21, IS9S, John, beloved son of Mrs. .1. Kav- ■
anagh, and brother of Patrick, William. :
Thomas, Bessie and Daisy Kavanagh, Mrs. T.
atrick, Mrs. P. Hagan and Mrs. .-'
T. Tuite, a native of County ..lldare. Ire-
land, aged 32 years,
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow [
(Saturday), at S:3() o'clock, from the parlors ;•
of McAvoy & Gallagher, 20 Fifth street, ,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Js>fss
V avenue and O'Farrell street, where a 'solemn •
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock, In- .'
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KERRISON— In this city, September 29. 1898, .
Mary Ann, beloved wife of the late * Robert ..
E. Kerrison, and mother of Robert. William [
H., Edmund P. and Stephen H. Kerriapn ap-V.-
- Mrs: --GFa--e-Kease^j~~a- nafel vs Ll ■■Ei.glltUg**
aged 70 years. ■ • . ?
G?"Friends and acquaintances are respect- ..
fully. invited to attend the funeral to-morrow .
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of •
' her son. Robert Kerrison, 32 Pearl - street. '•
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. , . ; "
KOCHENDORFER— In this c: '-. September 27. ft
IS9S, - Eugene, dearly beloved son of Sophie ..
Kochendorfer,' and brother of Ernst, William J
and liosue Kochendorfer, a native of Baden, ■
Germany, aged 24 years 11 . months and 18 .'
day--.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- ■
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of -
his mother, 154 San Carlos avenue, between j
Eighteenth and Nineteenth streets. Inter- \
ment I. O. O. F. Ccmeterv.
LINDOP— In this city, September 29, 1898, .
Mary Elizabeth, beloved wife of the late Dr. j
William Lindop, p.nd mother of William G.
Lindop, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
(CFThe funeral will take place to-morrow 
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlor* •
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth :
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for ; .
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by •
10:40 o'clock train from Third and Townsend ,
streets. . . . .- ,'
MAGUIRE— In this city, 1 September 28. . 1898,
Mary, wife of James Maguire, aged 25 years. ;
M 1 'MAX— At his residence, 1220 Leaven worth -•:
street, September 29, IS9B. Edward, beloved -r
son of Mrs. and the late William Moran, a .
native of Boston, Mass. ." . \.
(tTFriends are respectfully Invited to at- ■':
tend the solemn requiem mass at St. Mary's
Cathedral to-morrow (Saturday), at 9:30 ;
o'clock. Interment private. ■ 5.
ML'LLER— In this city, September 27. IS9B, Se- -<
bastian, beloved son of Andreas and Sophie
Muller, brother of VUU3. Adolph. Edward, \
Kamll, Joseph. Clementine and Hedwig Mul- U
ler. Mrs. T. Bederbost, Mrs. A. Werlen and •; •
Mrs O. Werlen, brother-in-law of Mrs. .Rosa .'
Muller, and uncle of Willie and Mathilda '
Muller,' a native of Gfsch*nen, Canton Walles. !
Switzerland, aged 2S years 9 months and 17 S
days. A member of Helvetia Verein of San \ I
Francisco. • v
IC7"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect- .'.
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors ;
of H F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near j •
Eighth, thence to St. Antonio's Church. Army ,
and Folsom streets, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his j
soul, commencing at 8:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery- ■ ' ;
O'NEILL— In this city, September 27. 189S, Mrs. f,
Rebecca Latimer. relict of the late John ,
O'Neill, and beloved mother of John J..
Thomas F. and Margaret O'Neill, a nntlve of
Ennifkllltn, County Fermanagh, Ireland, aged ,
C7"The funeral will take place this day '
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from her .ate resi-
dence. 485 Halght street. Interment private, ,
In lona Churchyard, Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
PFTERSON— this city, September 28, 1898,
Mariquita, beloved wife of William Peter- -
son daughter of Mrs. J. Jensen, and sister j
of John Jensen, a native of California, aged \
29 years and 2 months. - --
[ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day -.
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 426 Green street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery- ; - • »
ROSENBERGER— In this" city, September 89,
1898, Arthur, beloved son of Conrad and
Frances Rosenberger, ar.d brother of Mrs.
J. J. Sherwood and Edward. Frank and Willie
Rosenberger, a native of Connecticut.
TREMBLAY— In thin city, September 29, 1898,
Sarah Jane, beloved wife of Albert Tremblay;
and sister of Mrs. Maggie Mathews. a native ■
o! New York, aged 39 years. • . .
lE? Friends and' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue. In- •
terment private. ...-'■" " .»'■
YON GIEGLINGEN— In Oakland. September
27. 1898, Arthur, beloved husband of Georglne .
yon Gleglingen and father of Millie and Ar- •-
thur yon Glegllngen and Mrs. Dora Williams, -
a native of Gleglingen, Wurtemberg, Ger-
many, aged 61 years. - . ■
CSr Friends, an acquaintances are respect-
full.- in\ L-'d to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic Ter- ,
ple comer Twelfth and Washington street*,-
Oakland. Services under the auspices of Oak- : . '
land Lodge No.- IS?, F. and A. M. : ' ..:
WACKER— In this city, September 2S. 1898,
Gustave. beloved husband of Annie Wacker. ■.
and father of Gustave J.. Francis L"., Annie
G and Lizzie A. Wacker and Mrs. A. Rosen-
holz, a native of Germany, aged 58 : years 2 '
months and 13 days. ■ ■- ' ' -
(CTFrlends and acquaintances an members '
of Lincoln Post No. 1. G. A. R.. Alta Lodge
No ■ 242. A. O. ['. \Y., a:id Alta Lodge No. •
20S I O. O. P., are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at 9 "
o'clock, from his late residence, 1118 Alabama
street, thence to St.' Peter's Church, where
' a solemn requiem high mass - will "be cele- "'
• brated for the repose of ; his ' soul at ".9:3o '■----.
o'aloek. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
■ ' i :■' I, !■.■■■■;
I ; McAVOY & GALLAGHER, _
IFUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBAUitEBS
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS ie I-:iIIiAL.JiEaa
I £0 FIFTH ST., epp. Lincoln Sciwjl. .
II " Telepnone, South | 80. - "" M —
■"■ "■™" > "il'."B l . ' 'So A Vo Y^Manaier.* 31 ™™ 1"™1 "™
n\cf\\/o^r a. Co.,
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEM , -
I 1225 Market at, between Bth and 9th.
' I '" - Telephone, South W.—' ■' '■■
1112
THREATEN TO
BLOW UP THE
GARBAGE WORKS
Scavengers' Union Up
in Arms.
SERIOUS TROUBLE FEARED.
PRECAUTIONS TAKEN BY THE
POLICE.
Captain Spillane Sends a Squad of
Officers to the Scene to Prevent
Hostility Between the Rival
Factions.
Serious trouble Is feared between the
•Scavengers' l.'nton and the proprietors of
•the Sanitary Works, ut the foot of Eighth
'street. Kfc-ontly tho Hoard of Super
visor* p.i»M«l v rt solution forbidding the
xlumplr.K of garl'nfcf In the bay, and or
dering It to bo burned at the Sanitary
{Works, Hut< pert ing that the managers of
the works wrre rrsinmslble for tho action
cf the SupcrvMsors th« members of tho
•©cavenjrern' Union held a stormy mooting
«Lnd resolved to disobey the Injunction.
•Bine* then the scavengera have been look
ing for tnmbto, no to s;>- :ik. openly declar
ing thvlr lotratloa vt blowing up the Sani
tary Works.
Yesterday word reached police head
i, ... • - that MvenU member* of the
rnolon were hanging around the works,
evidently Intending to carry their threuts
Jnt(» execution. Captain Hplllane. fearing
imtlous trouble, at once dispatched a
jiunilii r of police officers to the scene with
Instruction* to artist the scavengers if
they nia.le the U-uM attempt to Injure the
v ■ 11.1 1. - HfH'lnt; the officer* approaching the
•cavfucent fled. Tho tHillcvinen wero In
•tructt-ii to remain at the works u.i it
van ftand that the disgruntled scaven
gvn would return during an opportune
titvr.l'. :.t und make good their threat.
To v reporter un« uf tho ottlcers of
thi- union Fuld:
"Wo bay« l»*«»n Imposed on long enough
Ly tho manager* of the works, who are
(Uisliiuouxiy endeavoring to drive us out
of the !•!.!■;:.. »~ Not content with brow
lK-attnic and bulldozing us at every op
portunity they influence the Supervisors
to paw a ret-olutlon intending to further
rrlppl** us. Uefore they conceived the
scheme of est.-Ullshlng the so-called San
itary Works we were allowed to dump the
jcarlaK« we received in the bay. It la
*'cry JlfTerrnt row, however. After we
pet a load we are compelled to drive to
tho wi.rU* and turn It over t«» the man In
charge, who juts that It Is burr.cd. For
merly we could rmike at least a half doxen
loads a day, bu:. on account •>: the re
moteness of the works, we are lucky If
»"e make two loads.
■
r ■•• - : '•' I ■' ■ ujiy . : the
THE WAR TAX.
Collateral and Promi-.sory Notes,
Boxing Matches and Races.
Collector Lynch has been advised by
tho Commissioner of Internal Revenue
that a S-cent stamp must be placed on
collateral notes for sums exceeding $1000
and not exceeedlng 11500, and an addition
al 23-oeat Ft amp on each |3M or fraction
thereof in excess of 11500.
Promissory notes are taxable at the rate
fAJ c<%n i» tor every sum not exceeding
$1000. and 2 cents for each additional $100.
Pugilistic exhibitions are not acrobatic
performances, and must pay a special tax
i» ' wnero •"» admission fee la charged.
Horse races or speed contests In harness
or raddle are not such exhibitions as re
quire the payment of the special tax of
•notary articles removed without be
■ r tho reason that there
imps on hand in the Collector's
fffii e • the back tax.
■ ust pay a sp-Mal tax on bil
liard tables, hut hoarding houses are ex
empt from the billiard table tax beinu
less public. 6
SENT BACK TO PRISON.
Mrs. Shields Will Not Be Tried by
the Commissioners of Insanity.
Tne Commissioners of Insanity do not
Intend to take any notice of the mental
condition of Mrs. Margaret Shields, who
with petting fire to her house,
until the courts have disposed of her case.
Shortly after her arrest she was removed
to the Receiving Hospital, as the prison
officials were convinced that she was ln-
tterdas* the Commissioners of In
sanity visited her In her cell In the Re
ceiving Hospital, and after satisfying
themselves that she was not violently in
sane they had her sent back to the City
Prison. They expect that the Jury which
■will be selected to try her for the crime
of arson will be in a position to Judge
Whether or not she should be sent to an
Insane asylum. Yesterday Policeman
Thompson and Fire Marshal Towe recov
ered a miscellaneous assortment of arti
cles which were removed from Mrs.
Shields' house on the night preceding the
fire. They -were found concealed In the
premises occupied by Henry Beacon, at
160 J'rospect avenue.
Beacon is also under arrest charged
•with having a hand In the attempted de
struction of the house.
Burned to Death-
Ching Chow, a Chinese cook, aged
fcbout 35 years, was burned to death
yesterday morning at 5 o'clock in xas
room at 25 Brenham place. He had come
to this city from the country for medical
treatment and was so badly afflicted with
dropsy that he could not move from his
bed. The room took fire, whether from
cinders from the pipe of the sick man or
from the upsetting of a lamp has not been
learned. When the alarm was given the
lUmes were extinguished with little
damage to the room and contents, but
Chow had been burned to death.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ECZEMA
O N '■ ■
BABY
My llttlo she-months old gljl had Eczema.
Wo used all kinds of remedies, but blio kept
'. getting worse. I used to wrap her hands up,
and to dross her, had to put her on tbo table.
I could not hold her, sbo would kick and
ecrcam, and, when she could, sho would tear
tier face and arms almost to pieces. Four
boxes of Cuticcea (ointment), two cakes of
Cuticuiu. Soap, and CunotrKA Resolvent
cured her, and no tracts are left.
Feb.7,'oB. airs. G. A. CONRAD, Lisbon, N. H.
Sptiot Cue« Tb»atm*xt.— Warm b»th« wirh Cm-
cd Ha Soap. F"i>tlea.nointtn«twieh Cvticcsa (ointment),
i and mild dom of Cctiou ft a Rmoltb>t.
BoM thrmotinnt world. IV' f »*P«T>O *ITD Cm,
ASSAULT TO
MURDER IS
THE CHARGE
Policeman Kenville Is
Formally Arrested.
EXTRAORDINARY COMPLAINT
SERGEANT PERRIN IS HIS SUB
ORDINATE'S ACCUSER.
Willie Lynch, the Injured Boy, Con
tinues to Improve Slowly at
the Receiving Hos
pital.
Frank L. Krnvllle, tho policeman who
la accused of throwing v. club at the boy
Willie Lynch last Friday Blfhi outside of
Woodward's Pavilion und fracturlii« his
Bkull. m .- bovked at the City I'rlson y«s
terday afternoon on a charge of assault
to murder, his bonds being Jlxed at 13)00.
He was detained pending the appearance
of his bondsmen, as Judge Mosan insisted
on new bonds being furnished. Chief
Lees and Captain Qillen are booked as
the arresting otllcers.
The complaining witness In the case Is
Sergeant Albert A. Perrln. lie wanted to
■wear to the complaint on information
and belief and append to th« complaint
the statements of eye-witnesses, but
Judge Mopan wanted It "straight" for an
bault to murder, and I'errln is his subordi
nate's accuser.
The complaint was drawn up by Prose
cuting Attorney yptrietit, of Judge Slo
gan's court, and h« was anxious that the
tact that he had done so should be cred
ited to him. It would have been butter
for him to have said nothing about it, us
.a tirst drawn up 11 wits the most extra
ordinary document tiled in v I'olW-o Court.
Willie Lynch's name was Kit v ted for
Kenville's twice, and the blank ira not
filled in showiiii; who the a-ssauli was
Committed upon. Two of the errors wero
discovered later and the alterations rnudo
and Initialed by the. Judge, but the most
important la »tl!l there and the complaint
la not wortli the paper it is written on.
The compi'ilnt ai- it stands now reads:
"And this (..implainant, upon oath, ac
cuses the said William Lynch of having
committed the said crime; and this com
pluinjtnt further alleKes and deposes that
tho eajd accused wuh arrested therefor,
and prays that the said accused may be
brought before a magistrate und dealt
with according to law."
The statements of four new witnesses
were procured by the police yesterday.
Their names are W. Goldberg, I. Living
stone, W. K. Adams and P, Meyers, all
hackmen. The tlrst three state that they
did not **cc uny club thrown, and Meyers
states that he saw KenvlUe throw the
dub and later stoop and pick it up.
Willie Lynch continues to improve at
the Receiving Hospital. Ho is very peev
ish, which is considered a good sign by
L>r. Hartley. The probability is that he
will recover.
Kenville was released last night on $5000
bonds furnished by "•Tom" Klynn and
James O'lirien.
Rhmirr.attrm, kidney, liver dUeaiei cnr*4. Dr.
GorUln. Sanitarium. (14 Pin*, nr. Kearny, B.F. Cal!
FOR A CABLE TO
THE ALEUTIANS
BOARD OF AGRICULTURE BACKS
HAMMONS THEORY.
By the Japan Stream He Expects to
Forecast California
Weather.
Forecaster Hammon of the weather
bureau Is to have the scope of h.
eervatlo>ns material..
tary of Agriculture Wi.- revall
upon Congress I
By means of s, coastwise cable to the
Aleutian Islands Mr. Hammon ho; •
be enabled to feel the pulse of t
in Alaska and tell three months 1
hand whether California crops are gulng
1 to suffer chills or rever.
Some days ago Mr. Hammon read be
fore the State l!oard of Trade a ,
that Interestingly set forth hits theor .
upon the Japan current and Its per:
deflections depended the climatic condi
tions of this co;ist. If the stream were
deflected away from the coast and north
ward until it laved the northern islands
it was there robbed of all of Its warmth
and finally found Its way southward, re
duced to tho same temperature as tho air,
bringing about conditions not favorable to
evaporation. Drought In such cases is the
Invariable result.
The wtather forecaster is further confi
dent that by testing the temperature and
general direction ol the current at differ
ent points he will he able to prophesy al
most all of the weather conditions "that
this coast Is subject to, at from t.
three months beforehand. This tl
of Mr. Hammon is well based upon his
own close obuervatlon and upon old Rus
sian records found In the Alaskan archi
pelago.
The Board of Trade was so Impressed
with Mr. Hammon 's Idea thu* it will do
all In its power to have Congress make
provisions for a cable running from this
city to Dutch Harbor and other of th<
lsland cities of the north, for the trans
mission of weather observations and
ping news With this Idea in view Wil
liam H. Mills and Colonel John P. Irish
were delegated to communicate with the
Secretary of Agriculture and this they
did, setting forth Mr. Hammon'B conclu
sions and asking that some course of ac
tion be suggested. In reply they have
received the following letter;
United States I>partment of Agriculture.
Office of the Secretary. Washington fj c Sen
tember 10, 1889— Messrs. John P Irish an.i \V
H. Mills, Office of the Na\al Officer, San Fran
cisco, Cal.— Oentlemen: I hay >"ur faror of
August 30 regarding certain weather obs-rvi
tlons on the Pacific Count and more Intelligent
information for your producers there I am
much interested in it. and will certainly rail
the attention of Congress to the necessity nf
getting wider observations by placing observ
ers on the Islands of which you speak If we
have not money enough now 1 will a.«k an In
crease. Very truly yours,
JAMPS WTWON, Secretary.
READY FOR THE SURVEY.
Engineer Story Will Begin Work on
the Bakersfleld and Los An
geles Line.
Next week Chief Engineer Story of
the San FYanciseo and San Joaquln Val
ley Railroad will set out for a reconnoi
eance of the land over which the Bakers
field and Los Angele-s railway will pan
He will have with him (in assistant, and
the work to be mapped out will probably
take about two weeks. Soon after the ex
amination is made a corps of surveyors
will be sent out to survey the line.
The progress In construction along
the line of the Valley Railroad Is noted
from day to day. Large forces are at
work dredging and grading from Stock
ton to Point Richmond. The Franklin
tunnel is being excavated at a very rapid
rate, and if the present progress is matle
the tunnel will be completed by the mid
dle of next year.
Will Preach on Sunday.
At St. Ignatius Church nfxt Sunday the
sermon at the 10:30 o'clock mass will be
by Rev. Vincent Chlappa, B. J., and on
Sunday evening Very Rev. Father Frie
den, 8. J. .will preach on "The Angels "
The devotions In honor of Our Laay of
the Most Holy Rosary will beg-in next
Saturday evening, October 1, at 7:80
o'clock, nnd will be held every ' evening
during the month at the same hour.
Alice Bix writes about Viola Dal
lingford and her Demon, in next
Sunday's Call,
TM-E SAJN U'kaXCISCO CALL, FTITDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1898.
DEATH IN A WIRE.
I the Alamedn Morgue. Mrs. Marshall Davoust Hes dead, her body seared
and striped from the lashings of a live electric wire, and distorted.
even In death, by the awful agonies of electrocution.
So nadly deranged that he never may w—..« to know his loss, Mar
shall I>;ivoust. the dead woman's husband. Is conllned In the care of
friends at hist darkened Pearl-street home.
Death came suddenly and awfully to Duvoust'a handsome wife, a literal
volt from the heavens that In an Instant wrecked as happy a homo as
can be found In all Alameda.
•anted the honeymoon of v<-> Damnmta has
s with nru; of their periodical pl-'as
• th.-ir hOBM last OTOnlnaj to . .it.h at
■ •■ 6:4;' narrow-^uiii:.- tiidn for S..n 1":
Mr. Davoußt made for the depot by the front Rato, but his wit* took
a short, r way through th« back gate and across a vacant lot On En
cln.il avenue, near the lot through which she pnssed. nhe camo In contact
with a wire that for two weeks has hung apparently loose and harmless
from one of the city's light poles, and for over ten minutes that "harm
less wire" hold her with death's tenacity, and the SOOO volts of scorching,
twisting fluid that was In It burned her life out slowly, and with it the
reason of her frantic husband.
by bar Cf t aad a party of friends with whom he
an.l only Urn Btrangth of Ma
■ leapinK on the awful wlra. Hut nt
th bad stopped the
I < lutch. ml Urn wln> with both
• faat Of the now discarded •
Electricians who examined the scene of the fatality declare that the
blame lies wholly with careless employes. They account for the borrlbla
effectiveness of the current by the fact that the ground in the vicinity was
very damp. n.nd made a complete circuit for tho dangling wire. This cir
cuit was broken by contact with Mrs. Pavoust's body, and she received Its
full potency. The force of the fluid was so great that the dead woman's
clothing caught lire and the flames communicated to the dry grass and
f«nc* near the scene. Had the ground been dry Mrs. Davoust's Injuries
would probably not have been fatal.
THE PORTRAIT OF
CAPITALIST DEAN
THE ARTISTS HAVE A WILD
TIME WITH IT.
The Work of Art Had Many Failings,
Was Rejected, Repainte 1 and
Then Turned
Back.
Capitalist Walter K. Dean lias had his
face painted: that la, his features have
been reproduced on canvas by two local
artists— A. E. Jackson and C. A. Browne.
The latter are now after the price of their
masterpiece, which sums up $600; but they
are meeting with vigorous opposition in
their endeavors to collect. Dean doesn't
want the picture for many reasons. In
consequence a Jury Is now listening In
Judge Hunt's court to the reasons of the
artists why the picture should be paid
for, and incidentally those of the defend
ant why he should not be made to accept
the despised and alleged likeness.
The testimony of the plaintiffs was
taken yesterday morning and was ex
ceedingly amusing. Taking the separate
statements of the artists and weaving
them into "in; etory it produces a tale of
woe that only wielders of the brush can
appreciate. Here Is their narrative: As
Mr. Dean was too busy to sit for the por
trait he furnished the artists with a pho
tograph, and on this they .set to work.
In due time the portrait was finished and
Mr. Dean was well satisfied with the
work. Not so his wife.
In her opinion the portrait did not cor
rectly picture the extent of her husband's
avoirdupois. His eyes had a vacant look.
When one moved In a circle past the pic
ture the eyes did not follow one. It made
him have" the appearance of a parson.
Tho suit from which the head protruded
was black, a color much disliked by Mr.
Dean. There were wrinkles under the
eyes, likewise in the vest and tho trou
sers. The beard was too gray; it should
be darker. The portrait should be made
younger looking, as the subject was not
an old man. The build of the likeness was
too slight, which was the fault of the ar
tists, as had not Mr. Dean bared the calf
of his leg to let the artists see how well
he was "put up"?
So the artists went to work. They took
off that black suit and bedecked a larger
form with a brown one. More flesh was
put on emaciated parts. Wrinkles were
removed. Pants pressed, the vest pulled
down, the beard allowed a few. days' more
growth, the hair Was dyed, and, above
all, youth showed out from the face of
colors. More trouble.
The picture had been painted too light.
Who ever heard of an old master paint
ing a picture otherwise than with breadth
and depth and plenty of paint? Then
somebody said the likeness did not look
like the subject. Perhaps it was because
the hair was too dark, trie face too youth
ful, the pants too sleek, the vest pulled
too tight, or many other little deficien
cies. Anyway, tho picture was rejected.
Then came the suit.
To-day the defense will put on experts
to discuss the wrinkles, trousers and gen
eral appearance, and then the end will
come. The jury will decide whether or not
the artists are entitled ■to recover or
•Dean to his money and a better picture.
IS MRS. SHIELDS INSANE?
Consideration of Her Case Postponed
Till This Morning.
Mrs. Margaret Shields, accused of set
ting fire to her house on Virginia avenue,
was removed from the female ward at
the Receiving Hospital yesterday morn
inß to tli» Insane ward. The Insanity
Commissioners saw her and postponed
consideration of her case till to-day.
Monster Military Drill—the Last.
Presidio Athletic Grounds, the popular
place next Saturday, afternoon,, October
1. Unbounded interest manifested-In the
monster drill to take place there;; twelve
hundred men In line from the Twentieth
Kansas. First Tennessee and Fifty-first
lowa, for the benefit of the A. &. N.
Christian „, Commission — work, especially
among troops at : Manila. General admis
sion 25 cents; grand stand. 50 cents. . Band
concert 1:30 o'clock by the'three regimen
tal bands.?■, *■ ■- •.•- » ' ■ ♦
Jlwful Fate of a
Young JUameda
Wife.
OARSMEN TO ROW
AT GUERNEVILLE
SKIFF AND BARGE RACES ON
BOHEMIAN LAKE.
Water Polo, Swimming Contests and
a Tug-of-War in Boats Will
Fill Out a Varied
Programme.
The regatta committee of the Pacific
Association of the Amateur • Athletic
Union has been reorganized, W. C Espy
of the Pioneer Rowing Club being chair
man, and J. H. Bockman of the Ariels
secretary.
At a meeting of the committee held last
night It was decided to notify the cap
tains of the rowing clubs to hold try-outs
before October 15 and 16, the dates set for
the Guerneviile regatta, and to report the
results to the regatta committee, so each
club may send It* best available barge
crew and single scullers.
The following programme of events has
been arranged for Saturday, October 15,
the first day of the Guerneviile regatta:
First- Skiff race between representatives of
the South End, Pioneer and Ariel .Rowing
Clubs.
Second— race between representatives of
the Alameda Buat Club, the Ariel and Pioneer
Mowing Club*
Third— Four-oared barge race between crews
representing the Pioneers, South Ends and
Ariel*
Between the more Important events there will
be canoe races and tub races.
For Sunday. October 16. the following
events have been arranged:
First— Four-oared barge race between crews
representing the Alamedas, the Dolphins and
the Olympics.
Second— Skiff race between winners of the
races on Saturday and 'single scullers repre
senting the Dolphins and Alamedas.
Third— Water polo game between a team from
the Lurline Club, which holds the champion
ship, and a team from the Olympic Club.
Fourth— Final heat, of the four-oared barge
race.
Fifth— Tug-of-war between representatives of
the rowing clubs In boats. There will also be
swimming, races, in which Brewer and Wide
man, J. A. Jackson. I). J. Miller and others
will take part. • In order to produce as excit
ing contests as possible the competitors will be
handicapped.
A special train from San Francisco to
Guerneviile will leave the former place at
6:30 p. m. on Saturday, October 15, for the
convenience of the officials of the regatta
and their friends. Tickets for the special
train can be obtained, only from the re
gatta committee. On Sunday, October
16. the railroad' will! make a special
round-trip rate of one dollar.
Catherine Sudden in Port.
Twenty-four disgusted gold-hunters re
turned from Kotzebue Sound on the (.';i th
erm Sudden last evening and bear out the
reports of the other miners from there
that there is no gold to be found. About
1000 people are left at the Sound, but they
arc ;ill making preparations to leave \
large number of trum will p 0 up 'the
river and across to Copper Creek
The Sudden left Kotzebue on the '>th
lnst.. making the trip in twenty-three
days. On the 22d inst. a severe norther
lasting twelve hours was encountered
The double-reefed mainsail and the lower
foretopsall were carried away. Outside
of the blow the winds were favorable
throughout the passage.
Lurlinc Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkln ats. Swimming. Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Salt waterdlrect from ocean.
Masquerading In Men's Attire.
Jennie Rlley, a half-witted gtrl. 19 years
of age, appeared in Judge Conlan's court
yesterday to answer a charge of masquer
ading in male attire. She was arrested
Wednesday night on Dupont and Green
wich streets. The police say that she has
for weeks terrorized people by poking a
toy pistol in their faces and threatening
to kill them. To add to the hideousness
of her appearance she painted her face
with lamp black. The case was contin
ued.
Bead the mystery of a Mendocino
County cave, ia next Sunday's Call.
AS A WIFE
SHE PLAYED
MANY ROLES
A Variety Actress in
Real Life.
IS CHARGED WITH BIGAMY
ANDREW BRUHN, A MUSICIAN,
THE COMPLAINANT.
He Was Married Last November and
Alleges That His Wife Has
a Previous Husband
Living.
Andrew linilin. a theatrical musician
living at 2<> Etondei place, nron to a com
plaint hi Judge Mogan'a COUCt yesterday
afternoon for the arrest of his wife on
rge of bigamy.
The woman is at present employed as a
singer In a variety theater, the New
Columbia on Montgomery avenue, where
she la known as Oracle Layng. Bruhn
met her at tho Empire Theater and mar
ried her November I last. She lived with
him till January 24, when she deserted
him without giving the. slightest hint of
her intention.
Bruhn is at present employed In a
theater In Sacramento, and, learning that
his wife had returned to the city, he came
here and called upon her. He wanted her
to return and live with him but she re
fused, telling him that she had not been
legally married to him. ltruhn then made
an Investigation and discovered that she
had been married in Portland. Or., In 1S1»2,
to Crelght Harrington, a variety perform
er, and had not been divorced 'from him.
After deserting Bruhn she went back to
Harrington and lived with him for some
months in Victoria, H. C.
She left Harrington and returned to this
city, after playing In a theater in San
pttgo, where she was known as Grace
Melburn. She assumed her stage name
here, Oracle Lavng, which led to the
discovery by Bruhn, who alleges that she
Is living with another man as his wife.
Officer Klasane, accompanied by Bruhn,
went to the Columbia music hall last
evening and served the warrant on the
pretty little singer. While she was chang
ing her stage costume for a street gown
Bruhn* became Involved In a quarrel with
Harry Parker, the stage manager of the
music ball. Words led to blows and tho
two men were severely punishing each
other when separated by people In the
hall.
Mrs. Harrington acknowledges that she
has never been divorced from husband
number one. but claims that the suit is
pending "This la simply a piece of spite
work on the part of Bruhn," she said.
' \\ lute I was living with him he abused
me and my four-year-old daughter by
my first husband. I have had him ar
rested several times for his cruel treat
ment of me. He would beat me and treat
me shamefully. I finally could stand It
no longer and left him. Re came to se«
me yesterday and asked me to go back
to Sacramento and live with him. I told
him I could never endure a life with htm
and for this reason be has brought the
charge against me. When he and I were
married last November he knew that I
had not as yet obtained my divorce, but
he said he would bo willing to take the
chances. He never supported me and
very seldom worked, though I under
stand that he la employed at present. I
am not a bad woman, never drink and
always tend to my own business. All I
wish is a chance to work and support my
self and baby."
GREAT GAME PRESERVES
NEAR SAUSALITO
ANNUAL I.EPORT OF THE TAJff-
ALPAIS SPORTSMEN'S CLUB.
The Oflcers and Members Who Have
Bagged Deer, Quail nnd Snipe
During the Season.
The Tamalpals Sportsmen's Club held
its annual meeting and election of officers
a few evenings ago. The club controls the
shooting and fishing privileges of the
largest game preserve in this State which
is within easy reach of Sausalito. The
officers elected for the ensuing year are:
O. Muser, president; J. Borgaa, vice-presi
dent; J. i" Siebe, secretary. Directors—
W. tterg. A. Pissts, a. Roos, P. Lacoste,
J. 11 Dickinson, W. L. Gerstle. The
members are O. J'.elau, W. Dakar, 11.
Bobis. J. V. Coleman, P. Commins, F. R.
Drlnkhouse. P. Delmas, Professor Her
yey Dr. W. Winterberg. R. W. Mason,
J. C. Nobman. J. W. Orndorff, K. G.
Rodolph, George Russell, Dr. Yon Hoff
man, F. Vernon. H. F. "Wagner. A. G.
Wieland and William Wolff.
In his annual report the president says:
We commenced the year 1597-98 with an
actual membership of twenty-eight, of which
number one resigned and four were dropped
for non-payment of dues. During spring and
summer we admitted seven new members, so
that to-day we can count thirty contributing
Members. The board of directors advocates
that the number, which according to our by
laws la limited to forty members, shall not ex
ceed thirty-live, and that a resolution be passed
to this effect.
Our finances are in fair shape. Toward the
latter part of the past fiscal year the board
was confronted with an unavoidable deficit,
but the admission of seven n«rw members
helped us to pull through without an extra
assessment. A special asscssmTit was levied
tor trapping and transferring quails on our
preserve and for the construction of. ponds and
dams in and along the creek.
The llshlng on our preserve has been fair
during the past winter and spring, but owing
to the very low state of water has entirely
stopped. The creek, however. la full of small
fish, which promise good sport next season.
The ponds and dams, partly constructed and
contemplated by the special committee, will
also add to the sport. No account has been
kept of the Psh taken.
The quail shooting has been of the usual
average, and I give you the killing of each
member as per our game-book:
v Quail. Snipe.
W. Berg 32
F. Commins 14 14
F. Lacoste 215 \ 8
John Bergez 103
N. Botto IS3 4
A. Plssis 69 2
C. M. Osborn 99
E. G. Rodolph 36
H. Mason 34
O. c ilK ii«.rl 6
W. Wolff 8
If. Wagner 117
\v. C. Brown 177 10
V. Caglleri 96
F. Drinkhouse > 245
F. P. Butler 67 6
Professor Herve*- 205
Dr. Winterberg 55
Totals 1761 44
Total kUled since October 1. IS!>2. 10,1(70 quail.
Seventeen deer were killed during the pant
season by the following members: W. C.
Brown, 2: F. Lacoste, 4; C. M. Qeborn, 3; F.
R. Drlnkhouse, 1; H. F. Wagner, 1: F. Ver
non. 1; F. Commlns, 1: W. Berg. 1; John Ber-
Kez. 2; W. Prather (Ruest), 1.
Jieer killed In former yours were: 1593. 23i
18K 23; lMia, in; IS9C. 25; 1907, 15; total, 96.
Keeper B. B. Johnston killed during the
year ft conns, in wildcats, 4 coyotes, S"> skunkß,
40 hawks ;>nd ITS bluejays.
\Y. PlekerßtafT reports: IB coons, 21 wildcats,
1 coyote, 3 skunks, 67 hawks, 71 bluejays.
Mr. Muser, the re-elected president of
the club, has been untiring in his efforts
to please the members and although
positively strict in some particulars he
has, nevertheless, been instrumental in
placing the Tamalpais Club where it
stands to-day at the head of all upland
game preserves in this State, not except
ing the Country Club, also of Marin
County.
On Friday evening quite a number of
members will leave this ctty for the club
grounds so as to b« among the quail
bright and early on Saturday morning.
Claims He Was Drugged.
J. T,. Thompson, a private In Company
X of + he Twentieth Kansas Regiment,
was arrested at the California-street sta
tion last evening for being drunk. He
Btated to the officers that he had visited
a disreputable house during the evening
and had been drugged. When he came
to his senses $14 and. a gold ■watcn. and
chala were mleslng.
_:. ADVEETISEMENTS. '
+ ♦ •♦- "♦-> +♦♦ 4 4 44- 4- 4 44 4 +++4- +. + +♦ ♦ + ++♦ + ♦ + +♦
* NEW AND STYLISH, J
: HANDSOMEST PATTERNS - - - - - NEATEST DESIGNS X
I FALL AND WINTER ! j|
4- ~ ■ ♦
-♦- Just received direct from the leading manufacturers a full *♦"
♦ assortment of the latest- styles for fall and winter. We desire X
X to call attention to the below quotations. 4-
I LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS. :
♦ At $1.25. 4-
4 LADIES' BLACK FJGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, lined with per- 4-
4. caline and bound with velvet, good value for $1 75; will be placed on .*-
. sale at $1 25 each. ■ >T
♦ At"sl.76. +
4- LADIES' SERGE DRESS SKIRTS, in black and navy, lined with per- 4-
4. caline and bound with velvet, good value for $2 50- will be placed on 4-
sale at $1 75 each. 4.
4 At $4.60. ♦
4. LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, double lined and +
a bound with velvet, good value for $6; will be placed on sale at $4 50 4-
each. .
X At $7.60. ♦
4. LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, double lined and "*"
. bound with velvet, good value for $10; will be placed on sale at $7 60 "**
7- each. 4-
4 At 5i0700. X
4 LADIES' PLAIN BLACK SILK DRESS SKIRTS. Spanish flounce with 4.
a two ruffles, double lined and bound with velvet, good value for $12 60; \
will be placed on sale at $10 each. ' "♦"
♦ At $1000. X
4 LADIES' PLAIN BLACK SATIN DRESS SKIRTS, double lined and 4-
4. bound with velvet, good value for $12 50; will be placed on sale at $10 .*.
_. each. ~
: LADIES 7 UNDERSKIRTS. :
4 4,
4 At SO Cents. 4-
4. LADIES' PLAID UNDERSKIRTS, with double ruffle, good valua for 4-
_^ $1; will be placed on sale at 50c each. 4,
♦ At $1.00. **"
4 LADIES' BLACK SATEEN UNDERSKIRTS. Spanish flounce with ruf- "*"
4 fle, three rows of cording at bottom, good value for $1 50: will be "♦"
. placed on sale at $1 each. 4.
♦ At $2.00, t
♦ LADIES' FANCY ITALIAN CLOTH UNDERSKIRTS, Spanish flounce "*"
4. with ruffle, three rows of cording at bottom, good value for $2 75; "*"
. will be placed on sale at $2 each. 4-
♦ At $2.50. t
4. LADIES' BLACK "WOOL MOREEN UNDERSKIRTS. Spanish flounce, T
. good value for $3 25; will be placed on sale at $2 60 each. "♦"
♦ At $3.50. X
4 LADIES' WOOL MOREEN UNDERSKIRTS, in all the latest shades, 4-
4 double ruffle, good value for $4 50; will be p:aced on sale at $3 50 each. 4.
t At $6.b0. i
a LADIES' BLACK TAFFETA SILK UNDERSKIRTS, Spanish flounce, T
with four rows of cording, good value for $8; will be placed on sale "*"
+ at $6 each. 4-
X -A/t $7.60. x
4. LADIES' TAFFETA SILK UNDERSKIRTS, In all the latest shades, T
Spanish flounce, with six rows of cording, good value for $10; will
"*" be placed on sale at $7 50 each. 4-
X At $1060. X
4. LADIES' TAFFETA SILK UNDERSKIRTS, in all the latest shades, 4.
a Spanish flounce with three »uffles, two rows of cording on ruffles, _T_
good value for $13 50; will be placed on sale at $10 50 each. ' "*"
-♦- A complete line of LADIES' SILK UNDERSKIRTS, in all the latest 4-
4. shades and designs, trimmed in a variety of styles, at $120 $25
J 9.50, J?.So and »4(K J
4. ' — " — .
X IMlff Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., / X
. %^r \^r &BLTX FronclscOi / "*"
4-444444444444444444444-44444-4444-4-44"4
MANY WANT DISCHARGES.
But Few Seventh Regiment Men
Left if All 3e Granted.
Tt Is becoming more and more apparent
that the members of the Seventh Cali
fornia Regiment are thinking more of
home than they are of Manila. They do
not want to go there, and the stack cf
applications for discharge Is dally grow
ing In proportions.
When the communication from the War
Department was received asking that
those who did not wish to go to Manila
should send. in their applications lor d)c
ADVERTISEMENTS^ .. ■_.._■ .1
"Thelashionable address
DIRECTORY OF CALIFORNIA.
Our SOCIETY BLUE BOOK
FOR THE SEASON OF 1898-99 IS NOW IN PRESS.
\\ . • F/i4 The Blue Book will b«
-~ -yIL- —^ [I ti, fl/lfi printed on tinted enameled
«^#lll3tf Wllltflli , paper. In seven different
■ ■■IJrc If W I ' ''■''/■'// shades, each color represent-
w. V \\\\\. llllli iHi I osi) II!/!i,'//i/ / /O elegantly bound in blue and
w V A\A I Mill i ill I \!LtliWsw,£HM/7W m BBH±W elegantly bound In blue and
A^vVWWWlll lII L T^flflir V-H^l^ ■ V white cloth covers, with a
V m\^m\\\\\ 1 11 1 fhM& %&WfL* MJf handsome design in pure gold
\ >§M^\W\\\\ WAWrSu.ifi'r/jfirlr IL^' leflf on the outside front cover.
\W\miiW ////////////// ' The work ls beln « carefully
compiled, and will contain tha
= :^Si^//m////^f^^<^^ names, addresses, reception
yy^%[^Xfß9Si^^^^W^%^^^l^<^' lies In San Francisco and sur-
<^<\>§yj/^&9fißl&&i BBkJv\\\P« rounding social centers of the
State: also a club department
YjJtißl' " mP^M ■MBfyjkVvNSgg giving officers, directors .J
/f/^SBKKpTJk I JxSra^^V^S =sii:: * an on^ cla ' ' ist °' 1 ' members,
I Silt 0 Jk H '' dresses, permanent guests of
If Ha \_^fb^BS*sftX\\^ i leading hotels, diagrams of
r^\^HM 1 • IL^^&Q/w///^^* names and addresses of mem-
fej\£j l^otfa^BH HP^^V ladies, viz.. Forum Club, Oen-
•(((^l^S^^^S^W^Sv published in the club depart-
.■fr^f^L^F?;'' ''" s^^^ nX \ T , he names throughout
*^ 9z= •" %r^^\ > the book will* . be arranged
*^ 7 m \ alphabetically for reference
1 -v' •'>■,-. The lists will be closed in
fifteen days. Address any changes In residence or reception days to the publisher
The edition will be limited. In order to secure a copy subscribers will please notuy
the office at once. Subscription price five dollars.
- "W. "W. Montague & Co. have secured the inside front cover at a cost of $100
The same will be printed in the most elaborate style of the printer's art.
The printing, binding and art work will be executed by the Mysell-Rollins Com-
pany. 22 Clay street. •! .' .
ADDRESS ALL CHANGES TO .
CHARLES C. HOAG, Editor and Publisher,
225 POST STREET, San Francisco, Cal.
charges the rush became almost a rout.
The lists from the companies were as fol
lows: Company A, 60; Company B, 65;
Company C. 83; Company D, 75; Company
E, 90; Company F, 65; Company G, 64;
Company H, S5; Company I. 76; Company
X, 70; Company L, 9S; Company M, 87.
The men have so often suffered disap
pointment that they do not care to rlt-K
It again. In reality but few of them be
lieve the order to go would ever be car
ried Into effect.
A board of officers consisting of Major
E. B. Mosely, surgeon, U. S. A.; Captain
C. B. Thompson, assistant quartermaster,
U. S. A.; and Captain Thomas U. Ray
mond, assistant surgeon, U. S. A., has
been appointed to inspect vessels as to
their suitability as transports.