VOLUME LXXXIT-NO. 133.
PARIS PRESENTS
THE APPEARANCE
OF A HUGE CAMP
Soldiers Are Watching
the Strikers.
ARMED RESISTANCE READY
TROOPS TO BACK TTP EFFORTS OF
THE POLICE.
More Than Forty Thousand Work
men Are Idle nnd France Is on
the Verge of a
Volcano.
Bpeola! cable to Th«» Call and the New York
Herald. Copyr . by James Cur
don Bennett.
PARIS, Oct. 10.— Paris is slowly tak
ing on the appearance of a huge camp,
and troops are to be seen everywhere.
Detachments of infantry or cavalry are
on guard :it every spot where a build-
Ing; is being constructed or demolished.
Yesterday about 7000 soldiers of differ
ent arms of the service were brought
In from various points to reinforce the
military garrison of the city.
There was no disorder, it is true, but
the Government does not intend to be
taken by surprise. There is a grow
ing spirit of opposition among the
strikers. They resent as an attack
upon their chief strength the absten
tion of any department of the build-
Ing trade from their strike. Where per
suasion has failed to induce the hesi
tating workmen to Join them a mild
Bort of violence has been tried.
Some stone cutters working upon
some sculpture that will make the
Champs Elysees Hotel a remarkably
fine structure were disagreeably sur
prised the other day to find a group of
strikers calmly sawing through the tall
polos supporting the scaffolding on
which they were working. Naturally
enough they hastened to get down to
Bolid earth as quickly as possible,
where they were coolly informed they
must put on their coats and Join the
strikers In the name of solidarity of
labor.
This Is a kind of coercion the Gov
ernment has determined to stop, and
this is why so many troops are now
quartered in Paris. Every heap of
stones hides a sentry and miniature
*ap»pa, formed r-f half r. dozen soldiers :
with stacked rifles, add a picturesque
touch of color to the streets.
It, is indisputable that the matter has
grown to its present dimensions
through the numerical weakness of the
police and their consequent inability to
cope with large bodies of men whose
only work juat now is going about try-
Ing t<> prevent others from earning
their bread. With the presence of so j
many armed troops in Paris this state
of things should be changed; but will
It? Nkv\ -:. -a" refuse to begin work
until the trades that have formulated
grievances have also won their cause.;
This, then, is the situation; more than
40,000 workmen are idle and their ranks I
are eonsstaiuiy increasing. To control j
them there is an army which not only j
empathy for the people, but :
has a secret grievance, namely, the at- j
■ It by the Dreyfusites. What
wiil be the result if the people and
army should come in conflict?) Paris;
— in fact, France — seems on the edge of j
a axto.
Thi bricklayers and woodcarvers have
decided to go on strike.
DOWAGER EMPRESS
OPPOSES ALL REFORMS
All Officials Who Have Signed Me
mortals Favoring Reform Are
Dismissed.
LONDON, < ">t. 11.— The Peking corre
spondent <>f the Tii..- The retro
grade movement has spread. An imperial
edict orders the suppression of the native
; ..uic'iit of the editors.
If also cancels ail the new methods vi
examination promulgated during the last
two months. The latter step must give
gt-neral satisfaction, since the proposed
changes were too radical for the people.
All unVials who have signed memorials
in favor of reform have been dismissed
from ■
The Hoard of Agriculture Is abolished.
Its president, Wu Mao Ting, comprador
of the Hongk. ng and Shanghai Bank, be
ing deprived of hie rank. A memorial
impeaches him as a "slave of foreign
devils."
The contract tor the Nu Chwang Rail
road extension lean has been signed by
the Hongkong anc Shanghai Bank.
The Shanghai ■■orrt-spondent of the
Times says: Huang former Consul at
Singapore, and latel) Minister Designate
of China to Japan was arrested here yes
terday by order of the Empress Dowager
In connection with the reform movement.
Her general proscription of the progres
sives constitutes a reign of terror.
FIRE RAGES ON A
SHIP LOADED WITH OIL
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 10,-The British j
eteamer Weehawken is aground and on
lire on Cherry Island flats in tht Delaware
River, about twenty miles below this city.
The Weehawken cleared from ,his port
for Venice on Saturday with a targo of
over 1,060,000 gallons of oil, val ted at,'
about $40,000.
The pilot of the German s-eamer I
Guther, bound from Plymouth to Phila- i
delphia, which arrived at Marcus Cook !
this morning, reports that the Weelawk- i
en will be a total loss.
The crew .scaped from the burning ves
sel and ran alongside in a small boat. The
flames ar»- . oming out of the funnels and
the- bunkers, and the fire is aft. but tfere I
is little likelihood of confining it to ttiat j
part of the vessf -l. The Weehawken is
owned by the Weehawken Steamship I
Com ?-£P y^ !Lrl is chartered by the Stand
ard Oil Company. She Is 310 feet long.
40 beam, & depth of hold, with a gross
tonnage of 2784.
FITZSIMMuNS SUES
THE GILSEY HOUSE
- NEW YORK, Oct. 10. -Robert Fitzsim
mons filed a suit to-day against the Gil-
Bey House for - $50,000 damages. J.'. H.
Breslin, the ; proprietor, refused to servo
the boxer a rueai a few days ago,' ;
The San Francisco Call
CONCLAVE OF
THE KNIGHTS
INAUGURATED
Pittsburg a Scene of
Great Beauty.
GRAND ELECTRICAL DISPLAYS
EMBLEMS OF THE ORDER AS
RAYED IN PROFUSION.
Real Work Begins To-Day, and Af
ter the Monster Street Parade
the Business Session
Opens.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PITTSBURG, Oct. 10.— Within the
brilliance of incandescence emanating
from nearly half a million electric
liphts the conclave of the Knights
Templar has now fairly started, and to
night close upon 50,000 pilgrims are
reveling in each other's hospitality.
The brilliancy of the city's street dec
orations marks an epoch in the history
of electric illumination. Within a radius
of four blocks from the heart of the city
400,000 incandescent lamps burn every
night. Huge electric crosses and em
blems of Templarism are suspended on
the sides of the city's tallest buildings,
and there is hardly a store or shop in
the downtown district which has not an
illuminated design of some Masonic sig
nificance in its windows. The result at
night is that Pittsburg presents a per
fect blaze of electric glory, with an ef
fect that has probably never been
equaled.
The day was chiefly spent by the dif
ferent commanderies in arranging their
headquarters and getting ready to re
ceive their guests and visitors. In this
respect the various delegations vied
v. ith each other in the matter of put
ting up the most inviting refreshments,
ranging from the glass of ice water up
to Kentucky bourbon, California wines
and even champagne. Souvenirs of all
shapes, sizes and designs are in abund-
ant evidence, and most of the Knights
i are bedecked with decorations not un
like a major general and veteran of at
I least twenty wars.
Although the business meeting! of
the gathering have not yet commenced
electioneering far the hom,r of holding,
; the next conclave Is in active progress.
i In this respect the Louisville people are
! apparently in the lead. £
Ihif afternoon the members from the
'. Minnesota commanderies virtually gave
up the contest they had expected to
make in favor of St. Paul.
Northern New York delegations are
; "plugging" for all they are worth to
l have the next conclave at Niagara
j Falls in 1901.
The foremost event of to-day's pro
gramme undoubtedly has been the re
ception and ball of Tancred Command- j
cry No. 48 of this city at their head
quarters in the Courthouse, which com
| menced at 2 o'clock this afternoon, and
It is expected that the dancing and en
tertaining, with unabated musical ac
companiment, is to continue until 12
o'clock to-night.
The sights on the streets have never
been equaled in this city, as far as the
crowds are concerned. Street car traf
fic is at a standstill and vehicles of all
kinds are banished from downtown
thoroughfares, while every inch of
ground is monopolized by tens of thou
sands of pedestrians, who move along
like an Immense wave of humanity.
Then there are those on the sidewalks,
shouting and applauding the parading
Knights as they pass in an appar
ently never-ending column through the
streets. ,
The five local commanderies opened
thf-ir headquarters and started the ball
rolling. The day was largely taken up
with receptions and in welcoming the
Influx of visitors, also with a reception
In honor of Grand Master Thomas and
Governor Hastings of Pennsylvania.
j The real work of the conclave will
I commence to-morrow, when the Grand
■ Encampment will be called to order at
I the conclusion of the big parade.
Following is a list of the commander
les that arrived to-day:
Grand Commandery, Colorado; Orient
No. 3, Washington, D. C; Button No. 16,
New Bedford; Stomer No. 21, South Bos
ton; Woonsocket N^>. 23, Woonsocke*. R.
I.; Bt. Paul No. 40, North Adams, Mass.;
Berkshire No. 22, Pittsfleld, Mass.; Grand
Commandery, New York; Central City
No. 22, Syracuse; Palestine No. 33, Spring
field, Ohio; Shawnee No. 14, Lima, Ohio;
Grand Commandery, Kentucky; De Mo
lay No. 12, Louisville. Coeur de Lion No.
34, Boston; Boston No. 2, Boston; Hugh
de Payne No. 20, Melrose, Mass.; William
Parkham, Boston; Grand Commandery,
Maine; Portland No. 2, Portland, Maine;
Grand Commandpry, Wisconsin; Grand
Commander}'. Nebraska; Englewood No.
55, Englewood, 111.; Grand Commandery,
Texas; Galesburg, No. 8, Galesburg, 111.;
Trinity No. 7, Augusta, Maine; Hunting
ton No. 35. Huntington, Ind.; Palestine
No. 5, St. Johnsbury, Vt.; Hamilton No. 5,
Bridgeport, Conn.; Lewiston No. 6, Lew
iston, Maine; Everett No. 18, Rock Isl
and. 111.; Joliet No. 4, Joliet, III.; Allen
No. 20. Allentown, Pa.; Kansas City No.
10, Kansas City: Gethsemane No. 2, New
tonville. Mass; Grand Commandery, Iowa;
St. Louis No. 1, St. Louis; St. Aldemar
No. IS, South Louisville; Findlay No. 40.
Flndlay, Ohio; Grand Commandery, New
Jersey; Ivanhoe No. 11, Bordentown, N.
J. ; Grand Commandery, Kansas; Grand
Commandery, Illinois; Chevalier Bayard
No. 52, Chicago; Montjole No. 63, Chi
cago; Pilgrim No. 5, East Liverpool; St.
Bernard No. 35. Chicago; Mountain No.
10, Altoona; Talbot No. 43, Oil City; Mas
sillon, Massillon, Ohio; Cache No. 2,*Con
neaut, Ohio; Erie No. 2, Sandusky, Ohio;
Eagle No. 29, Barnesville, Ohio; Oriental
No. 61, Johnstown; New Haven No. 2,
New Haven; Clarence No. 51, Corry, Pa.;
Poughkeepaie No. 43, Poughkeepsie, N.
¥.; St. John's, Wilmington', Del.; St.
Palestine No. 2, Martinsburg, W. Va.;
Franklin No. 44, Franklin; Wooster No.
48, Wooeter, Ohio; Calvary No. 3, Parkers
burg; Knapp No. 40, Ridgeway; Reed No.
6, Dayton; Gethsetuane No. 15, York, Pa.;
SAX FRAXCISCO, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1898.
The Masonic Temple on Fifth Avenue, Pittsburg,
Decorated for the Great Parade To-Day.
Moshonnon No. 74, Philipsburg, Pa.; Mary
No. 36, Reading; No. 42, Reading;
Pilgrim No. 65, East Liverpool; Hensel
man No. 16, Cincinnati; Akron No. 35,
Akron, Ohio; Hospitalar No. 46, J-.ock
Haven; Toledo No. 9, Toledo, Ohio; Mans
field No. 21, Manslield, Ohio; Marietta
N0. '50, Marietta, Ohio; Warren No. 2,
Warren, Pa.; St. Bernard No. 51. Ulrichs
ville, Ohio; Grand Commandery, Ver
mont; Grand Commandery, Iowa; Holy
Rood No. 32, Cleveland, Ohio; Molay,
Graf ton, W. Va.; Crusade No. 6, Fair
mont; Damascus No. 48, Brooklyn; Corin
thian, Philadelphia; Trinity, Manchester,
N. H. ; Johnstown. Johnstown. Pa.; Scran
ton, Scranton, Pa.; Mount Calvary, No.
67, Greenville, Pa.; Oriental No. 12. Cleve
land; Forest City No. 40. Cleveland; De
troit No. 1, Detroit; Uniontown No. 9,
Unlontown; Washington No. 1, Hartford;
Corinthian No. 53, Philadelphia; Zlon No.
2, Minneapolis; Grand Commandery,
Minnesota; Darius No. 7, Minneapolis; St.
John's No. 8, Carlisle, Pa.
CALIFORNIA KNIGHTS
VISIT CARNEGIE WORKS
PITTSBURG, Pa., Oct. 10.— To-day
was most Interesting and busy for the
California Sir Knlghta and their ladies.
They had been extended a special in
vitation by the Carnegie Steel Com
pany to visit the Homestead Mills as
on Thursday, on which day a genere.l
invitation to the visiting Knights has
been extended, is the day selected by
FEVER SITUATION GROWS
SERIOUS IN THE SOUTH
JACKSON, Miss., Oct. 10.— The fever six .atlon here is more serious to-day, with the appearance of the
disease in North Jackson. There is now no section of the city free of infection and new cases are multiply
ing rapidly.
The official report for to-day is nine new cases. One of the new cases is Rev. L. S. Foster, superintend
ent of the Baptist Orphanage, where the fever appeared two or three days ago. Dr. J. H. Purnell, State
Health Officer, In charge here, issued a proclamation to-day urging that all parties who can possibly do so
leave at once for northern or other points that will receive refugees.
Dr. Hunter, secretary of the State Board of Health, officially reports as follows: Dr. Purnrll reports a
case of genuine yellow fever at Canton. Waveland has three new cases to-day. Harriston has fourteen new
cases, fifty-five under treatment. Madison has fifteen new cases. Oxford reports one new case. Edwards
reports two new cases, one death. Four suspicious cases are reported south of Crystal Springs. Taylors re
ports one new case. Orrwood reports six new cases and one death.
NEW ORLEANS, Oct. 10.— Dr. Souchon reports the following for Louisiana's yellow fever record for Sun
day, October 9: New Orleans, four cases, five deaths; Wilson, four casea. no deaths; Houma, ten cases, no
deaths; Franklin, fourteen cases, one death. Record for Monday, October 10: New Orleans, no cases, no deaths;
Clinton, three cases, no deaths; Wilson, four cases, no deaths; one case of fever Is reported at Lake Chartres.
The New Orleans Board of Health has declared all danger of epidemic past and has asked the State
board to permit the city to open Its doors to all points.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10. — The appeal made to President McKlnley by the State Board of Health authori
ties at Jackson, Miss., for aid In the way of subsistence and medical help to meet the conditions arising from
the yellow fever situation has been referred to the Marine Hospital Service. Dr. Wyman, the surgeon general,
feels that the situation is not at all alarming, and says that, while the fever may spread slightly, it is only
a question of time when with the appearance of cold weather it will be checked.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 10.— The suspicious death which occurred to-day on board the Norwegian steamer
Banan at Reedy Island, In Delaware Bay, has been diagnosed by the quarantine station as yellow fever.
the California commandery for its open
reception. Not wishing to miss a view
of one of the great industries for which
Pittsburg is noted the visitors from
San Francisco started about 9 o'clock
In the morning. Homestead is about
seven miles from Pittsburg, and the
delegation composing the majority of
-the commandery and their ladies was
taken up the beautiful Monongahela
Valley on the trolley cars, which landed
them near the steel works entrance In
a half hour. Here the visitors were met
by President C. M. Schwab of the Car
negie Company and the superintendents
of the various departments of the mills.
The works occupy an immense area
and every inch was of interest. The
armor plate mill was most interesting.
The process of turning th£ red hot bars
of steel into heavy plate drew praise from
the visitors. Those who had already
seen the Union Iron Works still re
tained their admiration for their native
firm, but the size of this one depart
ment, a part of the whole Carnegie
Company, impressed them. The manu
facture of steel rails and the process in
the blast furnaces was prominent in the
praise of the Callfornians.
Many of the visitors asked about the
fight between the Pinkerton detectives
and the steel works strikers on July 6,
1892, and went over the bloody battle
ground. They were shown the heavy
iron work behind which the strikers
stood with suns and repelled the land
ing of the Plnkertons, who came up the
Monongahela River.
About 1 o'clock the sightseers took
passage on a train and returned to the
city. Another special Invitation had
been extended them to pass a pleasant
afternoon and it was accepted. Tho
hosts for the afternoon were the mem
bers of Pittsburg Commandery No. 1,
whose headquarters are in the building I
of the Pittsburg Central High School i
on Fifth avenue. These quarters had
been magnificently decorated and [
adorned and were only exceeded by the
hospitality of the Pittsburg Sir Knights
and their ladies, who showed the Cali
fornians every attention. The after
noon was exclusively for the people of
the Golden Gate city. There was music
furnished by the orchestra of the enter
taining commandery and the quartet
of the California Commandery. com
j posed of C. T. Wejidell, Dr. R. W.
i Smith, L. A. Larsen and E. G. Macbain.
The grand parade is scheduled for to
| morrow and California Knights will be
prominent. The magnificent silver- ;
trimmed uniforms of the members have
already attracted universal attention,
and their appearance in the parade fifty
strong on fine black chargers, decorated
with the private trappings, will be
eagerly watched for ay the Pittsburg
people who have all heard of California
No. 1.
Ma»ny of the *old Sir Knjghts and
friends of the commandery remember
ing the conclave of 1883 have been sug
gesting to the California Knights that
another trip to San Francisco in 1901
would not be unpleasant. Several of
the San Franciscans have been eager
to get the next encampment, but they
do not care to state definitely whether
an official attempt is being or will be
made to secure It.
REMARKABLE
DISCLOSURES
SHOCK SOCIETY
Charles 'A, Williams, Mine-
Owner, Proves a Fugitive
From Justice.
Identified in San Francisco on the Eve
of His Marriage With a Prominent
Social Leader.
Society people of this city were aston
ished when the engagement was an
nounced recently of Charles A. Williams,
a mine owner from South Africa, to one
of the most beautiful belles of this city —
a reigning favorite with all. Society
stood aghast yesterday when it was dis-
I closed that Mr. Williams, millionaire
clubman and society beau, was passing
under an assumed name, being known in
other cities as Charles A. White; that he
was a fugit.'vc from Justice cjic a :vife
beater.
When the first rumors of Mr. Williams'
past career reached the family of his be
trothed, the members of It were loth to
believe them. When proof of his mis
deeds accumulated they were forced to take
I cognizance of them. Mr. Wttliams paved
I the way for his own destruction by pos
ing before his fiancee as a martyred hero,
telling a fanciful tale in which he ad
mitted having changed his name to escape
the calumny heaped upon it by the mis
doings of a former' wife.
The following information was received j
j from New York by a friend of the family,
j and was the first intimation of tfre true
state of affairs:
Charles A. White was arrested in New
York on October 15, 1892, upon a requisi
tion from Wyoming for larceny of money
and securities aggregating about $100,000.
'. White was tall, good looking, business
i like and about 35 years of age. He had
I won the affections of Mrs. Elma J.
: Nagle of Cheyenne. She was SE years o*d
j and the widow of Erasmus Nagle of
Cheyenne, Wyo., who had \&t\. her an es
tate of more than half a million dollars.
White, it was charged, had backed up
his attractive personality by saying he
was the manager of the American edition
of the London Illustrated News at a sal
ary of $1000 a month. He was, in fact,
only a canvasser at a much smaller sal
ary- Mrs. White, previous to the mar
riage, moved in the best of society. Af
ter she wedded White she was cut by her
old friends, most of whom believed that
White was an adventurer. When Mrs.
White sued for a divorce, the whole truth
came out. The petition told of continu
ous abuse from the first week of their
union. White living entirely on the bounty
of the woman, abusing her servants and
beating them. The last thing he did be
fore leaving for New York, it is alleged,
was to blacken his wife's eyes and beat
her into insensibility. The case was
brought to the attention of the New "fcork
police by the receipt of this telegram to
Superintendent Byrnes on September 17,
1892:
CHEYENNE, Wyo.
To Byrnes, Superintendent of Police, New
York: Get boy named George Nagle. light hair
and complexion, heavy build, blue eyes, short
stature, 16 years old, round face. In care of C.
A. White. Is supposed to be staying at St.
James Hotel. He is wanted here by his mother
at once. Boy has large estate. White Is
scheming to get control of It by secreting boy.
White has about $150,000 worth of stocks, bonds
and mortgages belonging to boy's mother. These
stocks were obtained by violence and fraud.
Case against him Just commenced In court here.
Papers will be prepared charging White with
embezzlement and kidnaping, and requisition
asked ' for. If boy cannot be found or White
refuses to give him up, arrest White at once
and hold him for requisition. W. R. STOLL.,
Attorney for George Nagle and Nagle Estate.
A second and confirmatory dispatch,
received by Superintendent Byrnes later
in the day, read:
Obtain possession of George H. Nagle at St.
James Hotel, described In telegram by George
R. Stoll. Deliver him to R. Tenbroeck, general
agent Union Pacific Railway, and make every
effort. This Is Important.
W. R. SCHNITGER, Chief of Police.
Two detectives were at once sent to the
St. James Hotel and found White had left
that morning, accompanied by young
Nagle. Sheriff Kelly of Cheyenne arrived
with requisition papers on October 5.
White was located and arrested during
the afternoon. In the meantime he
learned that the Cheyenne police had
complained to Superintendent Byrnes
about his detention of young Nagle and
he promptly put the boy on a westbound
train and sent him to Rock Island, Illi
nois., where the boy's grandmother lived.
When taken into custody he said his mar
riage was a purely business proposition,
that he sold himself to the widow for
$100,000. As ready money was short, he
took $25,000 cash and a ' mortgage of
$75,000. Mrs. White insisted that so
far as she was concerned it was
a love match and that the mortgage
which White finally obtained was extort
ed under a threat of violence. After a
few weeks of marriage the bride said she
found her dashing, young husband setting
up a stable, running a pack of hounds
and absenting himself for long trips to
Chicago. White left Cheyenne on Septem
ber 6, taking with him $IW.OOO of Mrs.
White's property. He came direct to New
York and at one* assigned his $75,000
mortgage to the Central Trust Company,
it is said, without a consideration. A charge
of grand larceny was preferred against
White in Wyoming and a requisition for
him was obtained from Acting Governor
Barber.
It was alleged that White had stolen
from his wife the property he carried off,
consisting of bonds worth $61,850 and
about $40,000 in cash. White scouted the
Idea that he would steal anything, and
while he admitted he could never love
his "elderly" wife, he would fulfill his
part of the contract and manage* her
business and her money if given a
chance. He said he would be perfectly
willing to return to Wyoming If he could
be assured of a fair trial, but public
opinion had been prejudiced against him.
He was sure that repeated threats of
tar and feathers it he ever appeared in
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
the country again would be put Into ex
ecution.
As soon as Governor Flower aa^d that
i White must go back to Wyoming. White's
j attorneys procured a writ of habeas cor
pus In the United States Circuit Court.
Upon a hearing October 28 the writ
was dismissed and Wh£e was remanded.
j Appeal was at once ta/ken to the United
, States Circuit Court of Appeals. Mean
| while things were moving on both sides
in Wyoming. White's attorneys appealed
to the new Governor, Osborne, to recall
the requisition. This request he refused.
Mrsx White at the same time sued for di
vorce and obtained it. Suits were also
commenced in New York and Cheyenne
against the holders of securities to whom
White had made transfers, and Injunc
tions were Issued restraining their trans
fer. Pending the decision, on appeal.
White was admitted to bail In the sum
of $10,000. On March 24. 1893. White failed
to appear when his name was called in
the United States Circuit Court, and an
order was Issued forfeiting his ball in the
sum of $10,000. White had not been Seen
at his attorneys' office for about two
months prior to that time, and all efforts
to find him by his prosecutors subse
quently proved unavailing. A charge of
embezzlement was made and a reward of
$500 was offered by the Sheriff of Lara
mie. Wyoming, for White'? .apprehension
and return to him, but the fugitive's
whereabouts were never ascertained. Re
ports reached Wyoming and New York
authorities from time to time that he had
been seen In China, England and South
Africa, but no trace of him was ever
found.
From Wyoming came the following:
CHEYENNE. Wyo., Oct. 10.— In the Kummer
of 1892 Mm. Emma Nagle, a wealthy widow of
this city, met Charles White at Arkansas Hot
Springs. White was a handsome fellow of
about 30. about six feet one inch tall, and at
that time had a light mustache. He repre
sented himself to be one of the owners of
the London Illustrated News, with an office In
New York. Mrs. Nagle fell in love with White
and they became engaged. He Induced her to
execute an ante-nuptial contract, agreeing to
pay him $100,000 during the first year of their
married life. The marriage took place here in
September, 1892. Before six months passed
White had In his control the greater part of his
j wlfe'.s estate, amounting to several hundred
thousand dollars. Before the close of the year
his wife brought an action for divorce for
alleged extreme cruelty, charging that White
knocked hfir down and beat her. He was also
charged with embezzlement of the funds of bis
wife and with larceny.
He left here when these suits were com
menced and requisition was made on the State
authorities of New York for him. He fought
the requisition In the courts and, pending a
decision, forfeited his ball, which was $10,000
cash, and fled to South America.
' Subsequently his wife was granted a divorce
and recovered about $50,000 in securities which
White had carried away but could not dis
pose of.
The indictment for embezzlement and iarceny
stood against White )n the courts here until
about a year ago, when they were nolle prossed.
During White's residence here he posed as a
literary man, claiming to be a writer for the
New York World, author of several books and
part owner of the London Illustrated News.
Later it was learned he had been employed as
advertising solicitor for the latter publication.
He was plausible In speech, rather engaging In
manner and fastidious in dress.
Mr. Williams arrived here early last
spring and soon had an entree to the best
society. He became a popular beau at
the watering places and elsewhere, enter
taining lavishly. He had a magnetic per
sonality, pleasing all with whom he came
in contact. Tales of his great wealth and
of his lavish entertainment soon gave him
a following. Although his entertaining
was lavish it was not ostentatious, thua
tending to allay any suspicion that society
might have had of a newcomer.
The announcement of his engagement
to a popular belle excited comment. The
romantic situation surrounding the case,
however, explained away many of the
unusual circumstances surrounding the
betrothal. Preparations for the wedding
were hurried. The bridal finery was to
be purchased abroad; part of the honey
moon was to be spent in the rich diamond
fields of Johannesburg, South Africa.
The cause of the hurried nuptials appear
ed plausible when it was announced that
the fiance's vast African Interests de
manded his immediate attention and that
a lengthy separation of the lovers was out
of the question.
Although the attachement of the young
couple Is said to be a matter of over a
year's standing, rumor linked the name of
the African mine owner with those of a
trio of beautiful buds. When society had
calmed down, after its first shock of sur
prise, the engagement of the young couple
was voted as a most natural thing. The
beauty of the young bride to be; her
grace, her charm, her wit and her many
accomplishments were such as would at
tract any traveled man of the world. Mr.
Williams was a most devoted fiance. He •
showered the lady of his choice with rare
jewels. It was understood these many
costly gifts would rank as trifles when
compared with the gifts which awaited
her when she became his wife.
The limited period between the engage
ment and the time set for the nuptials
did not permit of the young lady's pre
senting him to all her acquaintances.
Duty calls were paid to the nearest and
most Intimate friends of the fiancee, and
with these Mr. Williams made a favor
able impression.
The weddinsr was set for to-morrow at
4vO'clock. On account of a recent be
reavement in the .bride's family only the
nearest relatives were to be present at
the ceremony. It had been arranged that
the happy couple would leave Immedi
ately after the ceremony, and after a
brief visit to London and Paris would
proceed to South Africa, where Mr. Wil
liams was to give six months' time tQ
his business Interests.2
FRANCE UNWILLING
TO SHOW FIGHT
So England May Retain
Fashoda.
SALISBURY'S POLICY UPHELD
PARIS GOVERNMENT WILL NOT
PRESS ITS CLAIM.
Will Find a Way Out in Causing
Major Marthand to Report
That His Position Is
Untenable.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Oct. 10.— The comments iv
the newspap«ra show that the Marquis
of Salisbury's determined stand on the
qui'stion of the occupation of Fashoda
has, come as a most agreeable relief,
and as disposing of all theories of com
promise. No whisper <>f dissert is heard
anywhere. Both friends and opponents
of the Premier are rejoicing in the fact
that in publishing the blue book on
the Fashoda question he has burned
his bridges behind him.
While it is recognized that the situa
tion, by this publication, has become
more difficult for France, there is almost
entire absence of disposition anywhere
to believe that France proposes to press
her claims to the point of danger, and
this confidence was demonstrated by
the capital tone of the Stock Exchange
after a momentary eeare, and such com
ment as comes from Paris also tends
to abate alarm.
The Matin, which is directly inspired
by the French officials, v ices to-day
the more pacific mood which Is ap
parently obtaining in Paris, savins:
"We shall probably not risk a war with
<;r<';u Britain for nominal sovereignty
over territory at an immense distance
from our possessions on the Atlantic.
They are as inaccessible from our coast
as the mountains in the moon. We can
retain our honor without retaining Fa
shoda. Prudence should prevent us
from overloading ourselves with too
much territory. We must be colonial,
but In moderation."
Th<- newspapers of Paris this evening
take a calm view of the situation/and
. for moderation. They express a
re desire for a friendly settlement
of the question when Major Marchand's
report arrives.
But th- prevailing view of political
men i.s that the French Cabinet may
find a way out of the difficulty in the
expei ted from Major Marchand,
who, it is expected, In response to a
hint from i he French Foreign Office,
will declare that his position at Fa
i is untenable. The publication of
such a report, it is held, will fully
justify the French Government in re
calllng him.
A prominent member of the French
Embassy In London expressed these
views on the situation this evening:
"The advent of the French and Brit
ish on the upper Nile ought not to be
rded as the meeting of opposing
tea, which necessarily ekclttde one
another, hut as the clash of commercial
Interests which should be carefully de
fined and embodied in a permanent
meat; The war, which has no;
been provoked by the question of
Egypt, will cert "i inly not break out over
th>- upper Nile question. The issue at
Fashcda will be settled in a friendly
manner, to the general satisfaction, but
an agreement will be much more easily
reached when the newspapers of the
two countries cease exciting public
opinion."
The nvrnine: papers all renew their
comments on the Pashoda situation,
but on neither side of the channel is any
idea given that the affair is likaJy to
lead to war.
The worst that can happen is the res- |
fgrnati.n of M. del Casse, the French !
n Minister, or perhaps the whole
Ministry, but were it not for the deli
cate internal situation in Franco arts-
Ui of the Dreyfus affair and the
strike the Fashoda affair would involve
no danger whati •
DECIDEDLY OPPOSED TO
ANGLO-AMERICAN ALLIANCE
Stand Taken by the Parnell Conven
tion, at Which John E. Red
mond Presided.
DUBLIN, Oct. 10.— The Parnell conven
tion w;i; opened lure to-day. John E.
Redmond, presiding, said that it was in
credible that a statesman with Mr.
Chamberlain's experience ami astuteness
should declare that the passing
of the Irish local government bill
satisfied trie aspirations of Irishmen. The
Parnellites would not be satisfied until
they secured hum?- rule.
Resolutions were passed in favor of
home rule, approving the- local govern
ment act, <l<-n<!uncing the project of an
Anglo-American alliance, and urging the
release of political prisoners.
The following Is the text of the reso
lution denouncing the proposal of an An
glo-American alliance:
"This convention denounces the pro
jf-et of an alliance between Great Britain
HOd the United States as a selfish at
tempt on the part of England to drag
the American people to its aid in Its
struggles with the powers of Europe,
among which it now stands, by reason
of its bad faith, absolutely isolated. Con
sequently, as friends of America, we, the
members of this convention, hope that
the republic will not allow itself to be
embroiled in European squabbles from
which, however, these may result. It
cannot derive any corresponding advan
tag for American interests."
FOR THE GLADSTONIAN
POLICY OF HOME RULE
John Dillon Makes a Practical Bid
for the Reunion of the Sections
of the Irish Party.
GLASGOW. Oct. 10.— John Dillon, anti-
Parnolllte member of Parliament for
East Mayo, at a banquet given here this
evening in his honor, made a practical bid
for the reunion of the sections of the
Irish party. IT*- Bald he wished ihnt a con
ference of ten representative. Irishmen
half nominated by John Redmond, and
the other half by himself, could meet and
draft a scheme to reconcile the differences
among the Irish Nationalists, the scheme
to be submitted. to the leading 1 Irishmen
of the country* at a convention. >
Mr. Dillon' said ho would be willing to
enter such a conference on the basis of
absolute independence of all the English
parties, and declared himself convinced
that there was no real, substantial cliff
ence to prevent the co-operation of all Na
tional members of Parliament In support
of the Gladstonian policy of home rue.
Kicked to Death by a Horse.
FRESNO. Oct. 10.— Joseph Armstrong,
a blacksmith, was killed at Warner
ranch this forenoon by . being kicked by
a horse which he had just finished shoe
ing and turned into a corral. ■ 'He. was
found dead a few hours later. He came
from Livermore. Alameda County. ! and a
tetter found in his pocket was addressed
to Mamie H. Armstrong, J<lvermore. He
was 28 years of age.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take ' Laxative = Bromo •; Quinine Tablet*. All
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure.
$sc. -The genuine hats I* B. Q. on each tablet.
BRIGHT FUTURE
FOR THIS COAST
Chauncey M. Depew on
Changed Conditions.
TRADE EXPANSION PREDICTED
NEW TERRITOBY WTLL BENEFIT
ALL CLASSES.
Particularly Will the Pacific States
Increase Its Commerce to
China and the
Philippines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Oct. 10.— The annual Chi
cago day celebration of the Hamilton
Club was held to-day in the Auditorium
Theater. Chauncey M. Depew, as guest
of the club, was the principal speaker
and the great hall was packed to suf
focation long before the hour set for
his appearance. Just previous to the
introduction by President Cody of
Judge Peter S. Grosscup, who spoke
briefly, battle songs and national an
thems were given by a chorus of 200
voices, assisted by the United States
Marine Band and the Auditorium or
gan.
At the conclusion of Judge Gross
cup's speech Mr. Depew was introduced
amid wild applause. He spoke in part
as follows:
"For over fifty years American
statesmen have grappled with, but
failed to solve, the problems of Cuba, j
Hawaii and a canal through the Nica
raguan isthmus. Hawaii seemed essen
tial for the protection of our Pacific
Coast, and Cuba, by its frightful mis
government under Spanish rule, en
listed our sympathy and aroused our
indignation. The irreconcilable division
in Democratic Cabinets made action on
the part of our Government either for
the acquisition of Hawaii or for peace
and humanity in Cuba absolutely im
possible. The responsibility of govern
ing these countries and the Philippines
is great, but the policy of governing
them by recognizing the manhood of i
their peoples has never been tried. The I
inhabitants of these islands will re
spond to the effort of a great, generous
and free people to teach and help them
to govern themselves. In the meantime
their increasing productiveness and the
varying industries which will be intro
duced make these distant possessions
self-sustaining and sources of revenue.
Not only that, but they will be the
growing markets for our goods. Every
one who is familiar with the Pacific .
coast appreciates the limitations which
are placed upon its opportunities."
"The mountains of Oregon and
Washington are full of c»al and iron,
but they cannot compete with the coal
and iron east of the Rocky Mountains.
California raises 20,000,000 bushels of
wheat a year, but its market is too dis
tant for profit. We become masters of
the Philippines and have the harbor for
our men-of-war, and our merchant ves
seli at Manila will ht- in striking dia- !
tance of -China at the moment when j
that old empire is crumbling to pieces, j
"The open market of Japan and the
opening of China will absorb not only
all the wheat now grown upon the Pa
cific Coast, but all it can possibly pro
duce. Its markets will be so great for
our steel rails, our machinery and elec
trical appliances and our agricultural j
implements that, with a merchant ma
rine on the Pacific, Oregnn, Washing
ton and California will in a few years
be among the richest and most produc
tive States of the Union.
"There is in the trade the opening of
a new field for labor and new oppor
tunities for capital. The congestion <>f
our market will be revived, causes of
panics will be lessened, the farmers of j
the West and the Middle West and of
the Northwest will find themselves bet
ter able to compete in the markets of
Europe, with Argentina, Russia,
Egypt and India. The wheat of the I
Pacific Coast will go to the Orient in- j
stead of Liverpool. Civilization and
Christianity and orderly liberty follow-
Ing the flag will bestov.- inestimable j
benefits upon distant somi-barbarous I
and alien races. There will be to our (
own people reciprocal benefits which
conic from a thousand millions instead
of seventy millions of people wanting
the products of our soil, the results of
our agriculture, the output of our
mines and the surplus of our mills, our
factories and our furnaces."
CUPID TOILED WHILE
THE BATTLE RAGED
Belgian Nobleman to Wed a Red
Cross Nurse Whom He Met
Before Santiago.
CHICAGO, Oct. 10.— A romance that
had its origin in the bloody battlefield of
Santiago will have a happy finale to-mor
row, when General Albert Van Shelle, a
Belgian nobleman, and Miss Anne M.
Fowler are united in marriage.
General Van Shelle, who is Delegate
General of the Red Cross Society on the
staff o< his Majesty Leopold 11, is a man
of much distinction in his own country.
Miss Fowler la the daughter of Dr. E. S.
Fowler of Springfield, ni.
After the war broke out Miss Fowler
offered to go to Cuba as nurse under the
auspices or the Red Cross Society. She
was accepted, and, upon arriving at San
tiago during the battle, she began at once
to minister to the sufferings of the
wounded. It was in this capacity she
met the Belgian nobleman. v
The groom is only 44 years old, but al
ready he has attained honors whioh
many an older man would envy. He ie a I
graduate of the law school of the Brus- j
sols University and has been decorated j
with tho iron cross by the German Em
peror for duty in war. Besides being a
knight of the Legion of Honor after Si>
dan, he is a knight of th<- King Leopold
Order, for services to national trude and
Industry.
Rev. Thaddeus Snively will officiate nt
the ceremony and Charles Henrotin, the
Belgian Consul, will act as best man.
FAILED TO DISCOVER
EXPLORER ANDREE
Return of the German Yacht Hell go- j
land After Reaching 81 Degrees
North.
TRONDHJEN, Norway, Oct. 10.— The
German steam yacht Heligoland with
members of Herr Theodore I,erm<»rs
expedition has returned from Spitzbergen,
having reached 81 degrees north. Mem
bers of the expedition had not seen An
dr^e, but had collected much zoological
material.
FEDERAL SUPREME COURT.
Fall Term Opened and the Docket !
Will Be Called To-Day.
WABHHffTON. Oct. 10.— Th* fall term
of the United States Supreme Court be
gan at noon to-day, the Justices coming
together after an extended summer vaca
tion. At 12:30 the court adjourned unti!
to-morrow, when the call of the docket
begins. The first dfcißions are expected
to be handed down next Monday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1898.
INDIANS MUST OBEY
THE LAW PROMPTLY
General Bacoo Subnets Terras
Which the Cfyppewa Chiefs
Evidently Approve.
WALKER. Minn., Oct. 10.— The Indian council was held at the
agency this afternoon and was attended by Flat Mouth and repre
sentative delegations. General Bacon aj>d Inspector Tinker told the
Bear Islanders that if they would give up the men for whom war/
rants have been Issued and come in themselves they could go home.
If they resisted the Government would not rest till the recalcitrants
had been captured, and the Bear Islanders were not then to be
allowed to occupy the islands again. The message was read to the
hostiles by runners to-day. General Bacon's terms werS~Teceived by
the chiefs with signs of evident pleasure, and they all signified their
approval of them. It is believed the Pillagers will accept them.
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 10.— The following telegram has just been
received from Superintendent Blanchard of the Northern Pacific at
Barker, Mfhn:
"A woman who just came In to McGregor from Portage Lake, four
miles west of here, reports that two dozen Indians Jn war paint
drove her from her home. She thinks her husband and father are
killed. This is the first and only trouble reported along our line. "Will
you notify proper State authorities? I will take a deputy and a
dozen men with guns from Carleton."
WHITE EARTH, Minn., Oct. 10. — A grand council composed of
thirty chiefs and head men, including leading mixed bloods of the
White Earth reservation, representing some 3000 people, was held
here to-day. Resolutions were adopted deploring the sad state of
affairs existing at Leech Lake and denouncing the authors of the
mischief. A petition of loyalty to the Government was signed by
all present.
DESERTER DOWNS
GAINS FREEDOM
Makes His Escape From
Fort Baker.
WASAWAITING COURTMARTIAL
SUCCEEDS IN PASSING HIS
GUARDS.
Privates at the Camp Across the Bay
Declare They Are Poorly Fed
and Are Sorry They En
listed.
Special Plspatch to The Call.
SAUSALITO, Oct. 10.— Private Ed
ward Downs of Battery B, Heavy Ar
tillery, stationed at Fort Baker, after
forty-three days' confinement in the
guard house at Fort Baker, made his
escape last Friday evening, successfully
passing six armed guards.
On the 25th of last August, Downs,
while in an intoxicated condition, tied
his blankets into a roll and left the
camp at night. He was discovered at
Bausallto and brought back by armed
guards. He was then placed in the
guard house and papers were sent to
Washington preparatory to a court
martial. He was charged with deser
tion, and his court martial was to have
taken place to-day at the Presidio.
At about 2 o'clock Saturday morning
Downs slipped from under the back
of his tent and made his way over the
hills to Sausallto, and not until th©
corporal of the guard made his early
round was his absence detected. As
Boon as Captain Hay was apprised of
the escape he gave orders and soon the
camp was in an uproar. Armed squads
were sent to search the hills, while
guards were stationed at the ferries in
San Francisco, Tlburon and Sausalito.
The search was futile. Downs remains
at large.
There seems to be a big story behind
the escape of this man which the offi
cers are trying to conceal. Lieutenant
Hughey was reluctant to speak of the
matter to-night and would not give the
escape's name. From certain of the
privates it was learned that the men
are poorly fed, and all of them are
sorry that they enlisted. Downs, like
the rest of them, came from San Fran
cisco. About two jveeke ago- a large
batch of beef seat to the men was so
tainted that it had to be thrown into
the baj* Several of the privates feel
so bitter on account of their treatment
that they assert that they would not
tell where Downs is even if they knew.
INVESTIGATION OF
THE WAR SCANDALS
Three Witnesses Before the Commis
sion Tell of Conditions in Hos
pitals and Camps.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10.— The War In
vestigation Commission had three wit
nesses before It to-day. Captain Culver
of Grigsby's Rough Riders, Dr. Hysell.
chief surgeon of the Second Division, lo
cated at Camp Thomas, and Major Gal
lagher, who was in charge of various
commissary depots in the Santiago cam
paign. Dr. Hysell's testimony dealt with
th« sanitary and hospital conditions at
Camp Thomas. He saJd that there was
leps typhoid fever in the troops of the
Second Division than in the otker divis
ions, and stated that upon his advice,
this division had secured its water from
outside springs instead of from the
Chiekamauga Riveiv as he conßide;ed the
river wafr liable to be impure.
Major Gallagher detailed the process of
supplying rations to the troops in tho
(Leva. ' H^ said that at one time there was
a deficiency In coffee and sugar for two
days, and expressed the opinion that this
shortage would have proven serious If it
had continued for any length of time. He
said the supply of lighters was not suffi
cient to permit of the accumulation of
any considerable quantity of food at one
time.
WAS IN THE NAVY
FOR FORTY YEARS
Death of Bear Admiral Carson
Febiger at the Age of
Seventy-Eight.
EABTON, Md.. Oct. 10.— Rear Admiral
John Carson Febiger, U. 8. N., retired,
died yesterday at Londonderry, his resi
dence, near Eastnn, in his seventy-eighth
year. He was of Danish ancestry and en
tered the navy as a midshipman from
In 1838.
After commanding various vessels in
the west Gulf and Mississippi s.iua/irona
in the civil war, he was assigned to the
Matabezeet of the North Atlantic quad
ron. and took part in the fight between
the little fleet of wooden vessels and the
Confederate, ram Albemarle in Albemarle
[ Sound, in which the ram was defeated.
Febiger was commended for his gal
lantry and skill by Rear Admiral Lee,
He rose to roar admiral, and in June,
1882, was retired on his own application,
having been in the service over forty
years.
LYNCHING THREATENED
IN A WASHINGTON TOWN
Citizens May Avenge the Shooting
of an Everett Merchant by an
Editor.
SEATTLE, Oct. 10.— Feeling runs
high to-night at the neighboring city of
Everett over a probably fatal shooting
affray. John McConnella, editor of the
News, shot O. L. Nelson, a fuel merchant,
in the right side of the lower part of the
stomach. The wounded man is at the
point of -death. MeConnella was placed
under arrest late to-night and a strong
guard surrounds the Jail. Numerous
threats of lynching are heard. It is feared
that an attempt to wreak vengeance on
McConnella may be made before morn
ing.
The editor is a vindictive writer and
about two weeks ago published an article
in which Nelson was referred to as a fooT
and a knave. The victim of this alleged
slanderous attack expressed his opinion
of the writer in equally forcible terms.
This evening both men met in a personal
encounter and McConnela made three at
tempts to strike Nelson. The latter is a
large man, aiid, after pushing his assail
ant away, finally threw him down. Mc-
Connella then drew a revolver and fired a
shot that will likely prove fatal.
DEAFNESS AND RHEUMATISM.
Not Disregarded by the Commis
sioner of Pensions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. iv.— There has
been wide circulation given to the story
originating at the recent annual encamp
ment of the G. A. R. at Cincinnati that
"the Commissioner of Pensions had called
his chiefs together and instructed them
to disregard totally every application
based on deafness ami rheumatism In the
adjudication of claims for pensions."
The Commissioner has authorized a
statement that no such Instructions were
given; that there has probably not been
a single working- day passed since April
1. 1897, that there has not been certifi
cates issued for both deafness and rheu
matism, and that there has been no
change in the laws, therefore no change
In the practice during the present admin
istration.
CAXIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— J. Rose and wife
of San Francisco are at the Hoffman. B.
N. Ricketts and James F. Archibald of
San Francisco are at the Grand. Dr. F.
'. D'Evelyn of San Francisco is at the
Vendome. J. F. Reilly of San Francisco
is at the Metropole.
Anti-Civil Service League.
A mating of the Anti-Civil Servie^
League was held last night Ht Central
Hall on Market street. T. F. Bachelder
was elected chairman and E. M. Galvin
secretary- The nomination of C. S. Lau
meiater for Railroad Commissioner was
heartily indorsed and the league pledged
to support him on election day. A sim
ilar compliment was accorded the Repub
lican candidate for the State Board sit
Equalization.
The following municipal nominees were
indorsed: Charles L. Pntton for Mayor,
John D. Siebe for Assessor, J. M. Troutt,
J. ft. Sea well. H. M. Philbrook and
Rhodes Borden for Superior Judges, C. A.
Low, G. W. Burke, A. B. Trendwell and
Charles Conlan for Police Judges, I. J.
Truman for Treasurer and Martin Frag
lr-y for Street Superintendent. A commit
tee of five was appointed to notify the
nominees. Short addresses were made by
R. R. Douglas, Charles Alpers, Martin
Murray, August Mueller, J. G. Severance
and H. C. Firebaugh.
Oakland Independents.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10.— The Independent
party opened lta campaign to-night by a
meeting In Wpst Oakland. The proceed
ings were opened with a bonfire and an
anvil chorus. Wickllffe Matthews intro
duced Oliver Lindsay as chairman of the
evening. The speakers were A. K. Grim,
Louis Schaffer. T. L. Stoddard. D. C.
Brown, O. A. Lane, F. W. Sawyer, G. W.
Kraft, James Taylor, J. F. Teague. N. B.
Vail, Judfce Mcßlroy, H. G. Walker and
T. O. Crawford.
The County Committee has arranged
the following list of meetings: October
11, Lorin; 12, Oakland;. 13, Niles ami Mis
sion, Pan Jose; 14, Sunol (afternoon);
Pleaeanton (night); 15, Livermore; 17,
West Berkeley: IS, Elmhurst; 19, East
Berkeley; 20, North Oakland; 21, Center
vllle and Irvington; 22, Newark (noon);
Alvarado (night): 21, Haywards; 25, Ala
meda; 26, San Leandro; 27, San Lorenzo.
Republican High Jinks.
ALA3MEDA. Oct. 10.— The Young Men's
Republican Club held a "high Jinks" at
itß wigwam at the West End on Saturday
evening which was largely attended. It
was a combination of a political and so
cial gathering and there was a large au
dience present. Refreshments consisting
of clam chowder, etc., were served and
speeches were made by a number of can
didates and others.
President Stanley welcomed the gath
ering and J. R. Knowland, candidate for
Assemblyman, made a good speech. City
Attorney Taylor, who is a candidate for
the State Senate, also spoke.
The Alameda Republican Club has
opened rooms in the Fostofflce block,
which will be kept open day and evening
until the close of the campaign.
South Side Political Club.
Tho South Side Political and Social
Club was organized last evening at 702
Howard street, with a membership of
seventy-three. The following named of
ficers -were elected: President R. Rior
dan; vice president, William Cullen; sec
retary, Thomas McGrath; executive com
mittee—Thomas Barry, William Cullen,
John Stapleton, F. Curtis. The meeting
was addressed by J. J. McGrath, Thomas
F. Barry and R. Riordan.
ESPOUSE THE
SPANISH CAUSE
Paris Newspapers Plead
for Generosity.
TAFFY FOR UNCLE SAM
PEACE COMMISSIONEBS AND
THE PHILIPPINE QUESTION.
Meanwhile the Dona Are Carrying
Out the Agreement to Evacuate
. Cuba and Porto
Rico.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Oct. 10.— It is believed the
questions now being discussed by the
'Peace Commission relate to Cuba and
the adjustment of the debt of that
island.
The Paris newspapers show evidence
of anxiety in behalf of the Spanish
cause.
The Matin, on Sunday, alleged that an
understanding regarding Cuba' and
Porto Rico was possible, as the United
States claims everything and Spain re
fuses nothing; but the difficulty arises
on the question of the Philippine Is
lands.
The Matin closed its remarks on the
subject by expressing the belief that
"we shall sea the republic, which has
just shown herself to be so brave and
strong, show herself also generous."
As the joint commissions have not
yet considered the Philippine question
the Paris papers appear to Americans
as making the statement that the Phil
ippines are under consideration in order
to be in a position to abjure the Ameri
can commission to treat Spain gener
ously.
The Gaulois this morning reviews the
political situation and declares its con
clusions that "between the alleged re
ported purpose of expansion and the
Democratic opposition thereto President
McKinley and the United States com
mission will be inspired after all with
the sentiments of generosity which are
the honor of victorious *nations."
The keynote of these expressions
seems to have been sounded by a Span
ish diplomat to an American here last
week, thqjdiplomat saying that the
United States shouldf be generous to
Spain.
A dispatch from Madrid this morn
ing says the cost of the Cuban and the
Philippine campaigns will exceed 3,000,
000,000 pesetas.
M. Jules Cambon, the former French
Embassador at Washington, arrived in
Paris to-day. He will remain here for
two months.
PHILIPPINE QUESfION
THE STUMBLING BLOCK
Special coble to The Call and the Xetv Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, 189N, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, Oct. 11.— The Figaro in an ar
ticle this morning confirms the state
ment that the Philippine question is
the stumbling block of the Peace Com
mission, and says that the reply of the
Spanish Government should arrive in
time for to-day's sitting.
EVACUATION OF CUBA
AND PORTO RICO
MADRID, Oct. 10.— It is said here
that the evacuation of Porto Rico will
be completed next week and that of
Cuba by the end of November. The
Government is employing twenty-one
vessels in the repatriatton of tho
troops. The soldiers have received
their pay for June, and on landing in
Spain they will receive two months'
pay, be given civilian clothing and be
mustered out of the service.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10.— Advices re
ceived at the War Department indicate
that the evacuation dt Cuba by the
Spanish forces is proceeding satisfac
torily and smoothly. The threatened
trouble at Manzanillo has blown over
and the Spaniards have yielded control
to the American forces. The following
dispatch was received to-night at the
War Department:
"HAVANA, Oct. 10.— Adjutant Gen
eral, Washington: Spanish forces evac
uating Manzanillo to-day which va
cates military control of Spain of en
tire southern coast line west to the jur
isdiction of Jucaro.
"WADE, Chairman."
San Jose Presbytery.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 10.— The San Jose
Presbytery began its session in the Pres
byterian Church this evening. Rev. J.
W. Dinsmore of San Jose preached the
sermon.
AD VEBT ISEMENI S.
Business in mercantile and manufacturing lines has improved. This
adds to the demand for labor which is essential to insure what the world
calls "good times." If we can avoid or avert wars and excitements we are
now all right and have a period of prosperity before us. The purse strings
will soon be opened and manufacturing commenced in this city, especially
if the elections in November confirm the judgment of the people two years
ago.
BARGAINS THAT ARE RIGHT.
Men's Heavy Brogans. all size 10........X 00
novs 1 Stout Every Day. Shoes, size 4 30c
Ernie". Boys' Strong Shoes.; 11*. 12. 12* :. . . Re
Other little Shoes, heavy, heels, 5V4........00e
Infants' Fancy Shoes, 1, 2, 3, 4.... .....2oc
Ladles' fine Kid Shoes, good style ...... Jl 50
Lawn-Mowers, a noted make......'. ....$1 95
White Af«h Soap, a world beater .....;>sc
Toilet Soap, you'll like it...'. ..:.... 2c
Jams and Marmalade, home-made 10c
Fish Baskets. high priced, n0w...;.. ..85c
Fish Bods you'll be 'proud 0f.... 7oC
Clock* with alarm, $1 kind — ..............65c
Lemonade Sets, glass, 8 pieces .....90c
Washboards, single, best : kind. 12c
Baking Pans, ' medium sUe, - best . . ; 100
China Candle Sticks/closing.;... ......ISc
Dried Plums, pits, in 50 1b5........;. $100
Wisp Brooms. 10c k1nd..;.....\.^..............;5c
Butcher Knives, .15c.- kind '.... 5c
Sponges, not very , large, " 12 f0r...;..... 5c
Knorr's Soups, large package5................ j0e
Knorr's, Dried Vegetable^,, pounds ...'.... .....t0e
Pickled Onions, , : pint "Jars.- now . .'.-.;.'.....>; . .10c
Chest Protectors, , beet you kn0w.:.. ... .25c, .«0c
HATS,
These we are in luck with. Can sell you as
good a hat for men 1 or boys for -.'■• •.,.-• .
. 50 Cents *
As you would : pay i a dollar ; for, and at Ssc
--v i 1 1 give you t the ; choice .of . 200 styles, varying
In cost at factory; prices from to $3 50. Do 1
not let this - opportunity ' pass • unless - you ■ have
hats for a year yet. . . ■ - . •
SPANISH DIATRIBE
AGAINST MERRITT
Manila Editor's Abuse
of the General.
BITTERLY ASSAILS AMERICANS
PRESS CENSOR OVERLOOKS THE
INSULTS.
Permits Foreign Papers to Say What
They Please, but Carefully Re
vises the Correspondents'
Cablegrams.
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
MANILA, Sept. I.— The Spanish
newspapers in Manila are reveling in
an unprecedented atmosphere of free
dom and criticise the American author
ities as they never would have dared
criticise their own Government, for the
Spanish censor has now joined the
great army of unemployed and the
United States army censor confines his
attention to cablegrams going abroad.
He will not, he says, permit a word to
be said In any way derogatory to the
United States army or authorities, but
he takes no notice of violent, inflam
matory diatribes daily exciting the
people of the Philippines against the
Americans. He lets Spaniards say
what they like to their readers, while
he refuses to trust the American peo
ple and loyal American Journalists.
The Oceania Espanola of August 31
contains a fierce article entitled
"Chaos," pointing out that no other
word can describe the condition of Ma
nila under Its new rulers. The article
complains that the American authori
ties have removed public officials and
have failed to appoint their successors,
thereby creating great confusion and
hardship to the population of the Phil
ippines. The editorial says:
Thousands of poor tradespeople, labor
ers, contractors and others, have been
doing business for the municipal au
thorities of the different wards, and now
everything is stopped and the poor peo
ple cannot even get the money due them
for work dono or goods supplied prior to
the surrender. To thousands 1 in this city
one small silver dollar makes all the dif
ference betwfen starvation and content
ment, yet all the dollars In the treasury
have been seized by the Americans. Per
haps some day all debts will be paid, but
the artisan, the street sweeper, the small
storekeeper, who does not know where to
morrow's dinner will come from, cannot
feed his family on the song of "Some
Day."
The Government pawnshop and savings
bnnk is an American volunteer headquar
ters. How many thousands of people
therefore c.ur.^e the Americans; people
who have been ready to bless them,
ready to welcome them as liberators, un
til they find themselves nt liberty to
starve "pending negotiations."
There is no blame to the Americans for
not being ready all in a minute to run
a complicated organization entirely
strange to them, but in the name of rea
son and humanity there is severe blame
for stopping one machine before the other
is ready. It has caused and is causing
an indescribable amount of misery among
the many thousands of poor people in
Manila.
General Merritt was quick enough to
grab the customs and get his staff work
ing there, because the customs may be
milkej,! as richly as a good Swiss cow.
But attending to the public wants of a
poor populace is not remunerative, and
he not only neglects it himself, but pre
vents others going on with it as of old.
SOLDIER MOB FORMED
TO LYNC-I KITCHEN
Attempt to Avenge the Killing of a
Deserter by the Provost
Guard.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. 19.— As a result
of the killing of a private in the Twelfth
New York Regiment by Provost Guard
Kitchen last night, three or four hundred
members of that regiment formed a mob
to-night and seized a train at Camp
Hamilton with the intention of coming to
town on It and raiding the County Jail
for the purpose of taking Kitchen out and
lynching him. General Wiley and Colonel
Wood were quickly notified of the up
rising and suppressed the mob by prompt
action. The outbreak was not unexpected
and the Jail was heavily guarded. The
provost guard in the city was doubled and
things are quiet at midnight. It is be
lieved that the prompt measures that
were taken have prevented what prom
ised to be a very serious affair.
Fighting for a Trademark.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 10.— Judge Wel
born in the United States District Court
to-day granted a decree of perpetual in
junction against William Davison of
Fresno, which prohibits him from using
the bottles and labels of the Hennessy
Bros. Company of France. Hennessy
Bros, brought sutt against Davison, who
is a wine merchant of Fresno, and about
a dozen others, alleging that they were
infringing on their trademark. This is the
first case decided.
Admiral Sampson Better.
HAVANA, Oct. 10.— Rear Admiral
Sampson is feeling much better. He has
been at the Hotel Trocha to-day. The
other members of the commission are in
excellent health.
BARGAINS THAT TELL.
Hall Stoves, 36-inch stick, n0w.. ..... 00
Cooking Stoves, very complete.- 6-hole $13 50
Telescope Stoves. $10 kind, capping $3 00
Wall or Whitewash Brushes.-. .10c
Nail or , Tooth . Brushes, each.........:....... 5c
I Hair or Clothes Brushes, now ...,10c
Ladies'- Black Cloves. Taffeta... ........10c '
Ladies' •$2 Trimmed Hat 5........... .....50c-
Ladles' %i 30 Trimmed Hat5...............-.|i 00
> Ladies' Fine t'ntrimmed Hats. ..;;.. .....10c, 2Sc
j Ladles' Petticoats, tennis f1annet. ........; ..23c
j Childs' Skirts. w1th\wa19t5...:............;...25c
! Fine Dress i Skirts,' black br0cade:. .".......51 £0
i Tennis Flannel -Wrappers, well made $100
Ladles' Wrappers |or Boston G0wn5. . . . . . .". . .85c
Wool Yarn Stockings or Skirts, pound ....
Saxony Yarn, knitting-, for fancy work ..-6c
Sewing Machines, 8 left. $65. kind. ~......:..5;0
Mackinaw Coats, men's, $2 50 kind. 27...... $1 75
California Casslmere Suits,' own make.. ....510
Heavy Wool Undershirts, gray . . .'. .......... ;.55c
Red ■ Flannel drawers, 32 to 3S, 0n1y... ...... 60c
Sleeping : Bags. $1S kind, closing.. .....$7 50
i Carrying Bags ,»too many...;. 7."0
! Bedspreads, white, $1 60.; value ..........r.JI
CftSii STORE
25-27 Market St., S.F.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Of New Fall
and Winter
UNDERWEAR,
HOSIERY,
NECKWEAR,
SHIRTS, Etc.
RELIABLE GOODS.
POPULAR PRICES.
748 and 750 Market St.
242 Montgomery St.
Be Prepared
For winter, for it may begin to rain
any day. Don.' wait until you actual-
ly require heavy footwear, but come
in now and fit a solid pair of service-
able shoes that will last you through
the winter. Have them broken in and
ready to wear. E Many ja . man cripples
himself by changing, suddenly from
light summer to heavy winter shoes.
Our stock is complete, Alaska Seal
Box Calf and Winter Russias in every
style, with . heavy soles and extension
edges, calf or drill lined. No stock in
this city is so complete, with prices to
suit the times, ranging- from %2 50 up-
ward. ,- ;\£ ...,,. ■ ...f^J...^, Il ■ ■ : -\.
Alaska Seal Shoes, Lacs or Con- -r
gress -..:.■..........-.. ....$3 00
Alaska Seal Shoes, with Cork Soles ■
.^ £.50
Black Box Calf Shoes for ....8 00
Country orders solicited.
Send for Illustrated Catalogue.
B. KATCHINSKI,
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 Third St., San Francisco. .
ELY'S CREAM BAX.M Is a positive care.
Apply into the nostrils. It is qnickly absorbed, i6O
cents at DrneKist" or hy mail ; samples 10c by mail. .
ELY BROTH r- '" c . & K?SS? New York City.
poo &o ooooooooooeoo
•to PALACE
°GRAND hotels o
Q SAN FRANCISCO. r "
~* Connected by a covered passage "
0 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. ©
0 All Under One Management, . • O
Q ROTE THS PBICBS: s Q
. «. European Plan. Bl.oo per day and upward _ .
M American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward *•
A Correspondence Solicited. r , n
q JOEH C. CIREFATRICK, Maatger. ! X
Q.OO 00000 QOQQOQOO
dkmcnultyT
fIiHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
! X. Special istcur** Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men. only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 y'rV experience..,
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours!)
to3daily;6;3otoB:3oev.'gs, Suudars,lotoi2. Consul-
taUon free and sacredly confidential. CaU,oraddre«s
»p. P. ROSCOETIIeXUIiTY,
26^ Kearny St., Wan Francisco, Cal.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
SO SfOT OKBPAIS ! DonotBuf-
f * r Longi-r! Tho Joys and ambitions of
£3 p***«t'£\ Hfe can be ref torej to you. The very
I?*/ ■worst ca»es of Mcrroni I»ebllltyara
SI>O JOT DF.BPAIR ! Do not Suf-
fer Longer! Tho Joys and ambitions of
life can be restored t-o you. Tlie very
«optc«H3of\erToni Weblllty nra
abeolutelT cured by PEKFECTO
a¥v * TABLETS. Oi»e prompt relief to in-
iS9v "^TeSsSsoiniila, fallinsr memory and the waste
«si»fc«rSCs5 f §r 111 drain of Vital powers, incurred by
'T AORS&y jndmcretions or excesses of early years.
<— yjEjeV^. Impart rlg-or and potency to every func-
! tion. ' Brace up the syetein. Give A bloom to th«
i ciieeks and lastre to the eye* of £HrY\ young or old. ■
; OnraOo box renews Tito! energy. PA' JO boxes at
82.50 1 comrlcto cure or money re-
! funded, C»n bo carried In rest >•■•»' pocket. Sold
1 overywhen.or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
price by tHS rKBTECTO CO., Csucn Bids., U.le«i». 111,
Bold by Owl Drug- Co.. Ban Fran, and Oakland.
»'^rfjß>3ftii>S»>i. tf *"* "'" ooD-poigonotM
' <<i^B^^ KB *«Si3 remedy for Gonorrhoea.
Gleet, Spermatorrhoea!
, >?S- J Jf in 1 tosJ»js.\« Whites, unnatural di»-
! ■"fVgJ' Goir»cwii W charges, or any inflamma-
i Swf not to luictnre. tion, irritation or ulcera.
|*»H|PnTent3 contagion, tion of snuconi mem-
IfJaHTHEEvANsCHEMinitRO- cranes. Non-astringent.
IjiiLOtNCMKATI.O B | - SoW h7h 7 »ra«sUt».
? C 3. ±. j£zjs 2r2 r BCnt In-Plain wrapper,
.^.^gfißggfy; ■ Circaiar Mat on raqiiMt.
M' ?ffAT£gN|Tsf aI
V©^3U MARKET 's?S?^^__
|g7yST^ME S |uj| dd 1 1 «j
luß QB 111 I NmBN fi ■ I B I l^fes I
' ■' ■ - ■■..■■..■■■'.■■-■.-■ .> •-RIVER STEAMERS
NOW ARRIVING
AT DAWSON
Vessels Straoded in tfye Yul^on
Succeed in Reaching Tfjeir
Destination.
One Lively Incident on the Klondike Caused
by an Attempt to Make a Consul
Lower Old Glory.
MWSON CITY. Aug. 21.— Three der
elict steamers, with which the river be
low is reported to be strewn for its en
tire long length, have arrived since my
last letter. They are the Yukoner of
the Canadian Pa<ific Navigation Com
pany, the James Domville, belonging to
Colonel James Donvllle, M. P., and the
Columbian of the Canadian Develop
; -nt Company. They are all Cana
dian boats. The X. A. T. Company's
fi.-amer Barr, another new one, is ex
ito arrive to-morrow. The Rock
Islam! Xi'. 1 is laid up between Forty
Mile and Circle City with a bursted
boiler. The Rock Island No. 2is with
her, as is also the Linda, of what is
known its the Litbes Company, that
landed some freight here a week ago
and returned to the flats to recover a
barge. She l«-ft there and is fast on the
bar near Circle City.
The steamer Rock Island has been
stranded in the flats for nearly a
month. The Columbian pulled her off
and in doing so got stuck herself and
suffered a few days' delay.
The N. A. T. Company's new steamer
T. G. Power arrived on the 16th. She
sailed yesterday for St. Michael.
The Columbian will run hereafter to
White Horse Kapids, connecting with
steamers and transportation lines for
Lake Bennett and the outside. fche
[a a modern steamer and will be the
-: of the upper river fleet and the
supplying meals on board and
••rths. Whether she can get ;
Qk and Five Finger rapids is
yet v be tested. The little steamer j
Anglian, now plying on the upper river, ,
belongs to the same company. Both
Intended for the Stickeen j
r route, but have given that up for
.- a poor job.
The Alaska Commercial Company s
new steamer Louise, in charge of Cap- j
tain Dlxon, one of the oldest and best:
of the river captains, arrived on Mon
day with two barges and 900 tons of
it. She had no through passen
and departing on Wednesday took
out but half a dozen, among them
Maguire, who goes out to Ot
tawa, having resigned his position.
The little Bteamer Willie Irving that
! up the river on Tuesday re
turned yesterday, disabled by a break
In her boiler. Among her passengers
bound out was Prosecuting Attorney
Wade, also going to report to Ottawa.
The Irving was repaired and sails to
day for the White Horse.
Reports come here of a big strike of
- at Lake At: n that ar-' attracting
a number up the river. I only j
know of the vaguest rumor and vouch
not at all.
Two incidents of more than momen
tary Interest have given variety to the
gossip of ihe mines within a few days.
The first was an altercation between
United Siat.- Consul General McCook,
who recently arrived here, and Cana
dian Customs Inspector Davis. Mr.
Davis has long had his oflice in the
i story of the Alaska Commercial
pany's building. General McCook
Line with letters to the Commercial
Company's agents and accepted the
's offer to make his office in the
m with Davis, a railing only
separating the d>eks of the two offi
cials. All went well for several days,
although General McCook's quarters
were visited continually by American
citizens who congratulated themselves
ihe arrival here of an official rep
resentative of their Government in
- that probably offended the ears
of the Canadian official. A high Hag
reaches up from the gable of the
building and on this Inspector Davis
was accustomed to raise a Hag upon
the arrival of a steamer. It is, of
course, an English Hag. General Me
Cook, without knowledge of this habit
and according to the custom of Con
the world over, raised on this staff
the American flag in token of his office
established there. Upon the arrival
of the steamer Linda a few days ago
both officials went aboard of her in
their official capacity. They met and
Inspector Davis said to General Mc
by way of a somewhat brusque
greeting, "Mr. McCook, you will have
to take down that flag."
' I am the American Consul," said
M<i\,,,k. "Why should I take down
the Hag?"
"Because I am the Customs Inspector
for this Government, and I am not go
ing to do business in a building where
that flag is flying. I never did do that
and I never will. That flag must come
down, unless the Union Jack flies above
it."
"The Consul's office is American ter
ritory," answered McCook. "An English
flag never yet floated above the stars
strip s on American territory and
it never will if I can prevent It."
"I will report the matter to my Gov»
eminent," said Davis, hotly, "and I
will have you removed from office."
"Your Government or that of Great
Britain cannot havt me removed. No
b idy can do that but the President of
the United States," sMd McCook. "The
flag will remain wherever I have my
office. Inasmuch, ho vever, as you
have some prior rights there, I will en
deavor to find another location for my
office a? soon as possible"
General McCook moved ihe next day
and now has independent offices in an
equally central location on Front street,
and with that and a report of it to
hington the incident ended, al
gh Prosecuting Attorney Wade
and other Canadian officials hfcve since
taken occasion to assure McCcok that
t>p.vl« "did not mean what he said."
Tho other incident was tho ar.-est of
one Arthur Perry by Canadian officials
in American territory. Arthur jerry
had charge of what Is known as the
claim on French El Dorado.
At the end of the clean-up instead of
turning the $14,000 that resulted o\er
to Alex. McDonald, owner of the mire,
Perry took passage with it on board
the littlf steamer Governor Stoneman
for St. Michael. Perry's wife was a.\
the time on her way to Dawson up the
river. They me t and she returned
down stream with him, but one of her
trunks came on to Dawson. This gave
the Canadian police a clew as to Per
ry's whereabouts and an officer took
passage on the Columbia Navigation
Company's Bteamer Monarch, which
overhauled the Stoneman below the
Koyukuk. They found Perry and wife
and the polo 1 . Some protest Mas made
by the passengers against the arrest
being made in American territory with
out requisition papers, but Captain
Sprague of the Monarch declared that
he would support the officers — if Perry
was a thief he ought to be arrested.
■ He had been assured that a reciprocal
arrangement had been effected cover
ing such matters between Captain Ray,
representing the United States, when
that officer passed through Dawson in
: the spring and Captain Constantine, in
; command of the Northwest mounted
: police. When the Monarch met the
Columbia, the latter going up stream,
i the prisoner and officer transferred to
, her. The prisoner was not only
! shackled, but chained to his bed and
; was not allowed to see any one but his
wife and she but a few moments during
: the day. This treatment made it easy
'■ for the wife to quicken sympathy
! among the passengers. The Columbian
: found the steamer Rock Island No. 1
i on a sand bar in the Yukon flats and
undertook to help her off. The story
of the prisoner was communicated to
the passengers on that boat in the
I meanwhile. Among them was United
States Custom Collector Ivey, located
at Eagle City. The Rock Island got off
the bar and the Columbian got on and
remained on for one day, the Rock
Island proceeding on her way with
Ivey and Perry's wife on board. When
the* Columbian touched at Eagle City
Ivey went aboard and, supported by
il other men, demanded the re
1< ase of the prisoner, declaring that
unless released he would take him by
force and a threat was made that the
boat would not be cleared with the
prisoner on board. At the end of it
all the shackles were not only removed
and Perry allowed to go free, but the
big sack of gold which had been taken
away from him was returned, Ivey
giving a receipt for it. The officer came
on to Dawson and goes back to-morrow
on the Columbian, taking with him
papers secured from Consul General
McCook, under which he expects to
not only rearrest Perry, but bring Ivey
to Dawson also and the gold. Prosecut
ing Attorney Wade goes down with
him. The outcome of the matter can
scarcely be guessed at. Captain Foster
of the Columbian says that Perry was
disposed to send the money back with
the officer, the consideration being that
he himself be allowed to go and that
the officer would have consented to this,
but that Perry was influenced finally
not to do so.
To get requisition papers from Sitka
is a matter of months that may rur.
into years. It is so clearly impractica
ble to attempt it that it has long been
the custom for officers of the two gov.
ernments to run over the line either
way in chasing criminals, but old cus-.
Toms are rapidly passing on the Yukon.
Joe Pickup, a discouraged minei,
r-amping with A. A. Turnbarge and J.
Leigh ton on the water front, blew out
3is brains in his tent on the 17th.
The little steamer Joseph Clossett.
tvhich was wrecked two weeks ago in
Miles Canyon, arrived yesterday.
The rush "out" is now gathering
Kreat momentum. The rate for third
class on the down-river steamers of the
old lines to Puge-t Sound points is $100,
and the great majority are taking ad
vantage of that rate. The rate up
river is Jl2O to Lake Bennett, which
means about $200 to Puget Sound. O n
most of the boats going that way pas
sengers must find their own provis
ions. Brg barges preparing to float
down the river are taking passengers
at $10 each, they finding their own
blankets and provisions. A mosquito
boat, the Vivian, will start down the
river in a few days with two barges in
tow, the passenger fare upon which
will be $30. These doubtful enterprises
will be well patronized. All boats leav
ing here for both up and down the river
carry a full quota of passengers and
still the crowd upon the streets seems
to remain the same. Building both of
cabins and business places, the latter
being now made of such substantial
stuff as is required by the winter, con
tinues at a tremendous pace. The sum
mer conditions are all being rapidly
changed to meet the ice. But still the
great number of tents that whiten the
whole margin of the city is fixed as In
early July.
NAVIGATION NOW CLOSED.
So Klondikers Will Have to Take the
Overland Trail.
VANCOUVER., B. C. Oct. 10.—Repre
sentative Mason, who has just arrived
from Dawson, reports that navigation on
the Yukon is now closed. The last steam
er to leave for St. Michael was the Sarah.
The steamer James Domvllle went
aground near Rink Rapids and the steam
er Clara is aground in a slough close to
Indian River. Both steamers were com
ing up the Yukon.
— •
RICH QUARTZ AT SKA QUAY.
It Is Said to Assay One Thousand
Dollars to the Ton.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 10.— News Is re
ceived here of a find of gold quartz at
Skaguay going $1000 to the ton. The news
came from a very reliable source, and al
though the exact location has not been
made known, it is said to bf within a very
short distance of the Gateway City.
MENDELL WLLL SERVE.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 10. -The arbitra
tors of the city and the water company
In the pending litigation over the posses
sion or the water plant announced this
morning that Colonel Memlell of San
Francisco has been selected aa the third
arbitrator and has acfepted the position
In a telegram received this morning.
Shot by an Unknown Man.
AUBURN, Oct. 10.— Drummond Hulbfrt,
aged 13, was shot yesterday while riding
on horseback on his father's ranch north
of town. The bullet entered his shoulder
and came out of his breast. The shooting
probably was accidental, but tho shooter
Is unknown. While the wound is a serious
one, the boy will recover.
Large Field of Wheat.
FRESNO. Oct. 10.— One of the largest
bodies of land ever planted to wheat in
the San Joaquin Valley is being s«-t out
by Clovis Cole of Clovis. Over 25.000 acres
i are in the piece, which is situated on the
Madera and Fresno County side of the
San Joaquin River. Planting b<-gan last
July and will continue until February.
Id to the last rain 10,900 acres had been
planted. This is up and looks well. The
prospect for a good grain crop is good
j at present.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
Monday, October 10.
Stmr Coqullle River, Johnson, for Fort Bragg.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Leelanaw,
henre Oct 6.
ARRIVED.
Monday, October 10.
Sttnr Tlllamook. Doran, from Beattl*
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1893.
ANTHRAX APPEARS
IN VIRULENT FORM
Depleting Herds in the
Vicinity of Gait.
BROUGHT BY MAVERICK COWS
VETERINARY SURGEON MAKES
AN INVESTIGATION.
Finds Cattle Dropping Dead From the
Malady Whose Nature Their
Owners I?id Not
Suspect,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 10.— Dr. D. P.
Fox, the official county veterinary sur
geon, this afternoon brought the alarm
ing intelligence that within three or four
miles of Gait, at the southeastern cor
ner of the county, anthrax has ap
peared in the most virulent form among
dairy cows.
A couple of weeks ago two strange
cows wandered to that section from
some locality not yet ascertained. They
remained a few days and died. Im
mediately thereafter Sol Kreeger began
losing one cow after another, the ani
mals taking sick and dying despite his
efforts to check the malady, whose true
nature he did not suspect. When the
people of the vicinity read about the
appearance of anthrax elsewhere they
decided to notify the county veterinar
ian. Dr. Fox immediately repaired to
the scene, returning this afternoon. To
The Call correspondent he said:
"I found the conditions very bad in
deed. During the past ten days twelve
of Kreeger's cows have dropped at dif
ferent points on his ranch, and when I
reached there I located them by the
buzzards that were circling about their
still unburied carcasses.
"A cursory examination sufficed to
convince me that the cattle had died
from anthrax. I found a milch cow
which had symptoms of the disease
and immediately killed it. Holding an
autopsical examination while the body
was still warm, I found the spleen,
liver and kidneys covered with the
characteristic lesions of anthrax in its
worst form. Before I could burn all
the bodies I found some hogs which had
strayed in, attacking the remains of
one of the dead cows. I immediately
quarantined those hogs and all of
Kreeger's cattle.
"The disease can easily be communi
cated to human beings through contact
of the poison with an abrasion of the
skin or throurh partaking of the meat
or milk of a diseased animal. An af
flicted cow at pasture with other cows
may endanger the entire herd through
the contamination of the fodder, which
Is almost Inevitable. I believe that we
now have the disease under control
since I found no other herds in the
vicinity of Gait afflicted."
ANTHRAX NOT EPIDEMIC
IN MARIN COUNTY
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 10.— There is
great indignation in Marin County
over the report that the dis
ease known as anthrax was
prevalent among the cattle of
the county. The dairy interests of
Marin are among the most extensive In
the State and such misrepresentation
cannot fail to inflict great injury. The
whole of this afternoon's session of the
Board of Supervisors was given over to
an investigation. The evidence shows
conclusively that the anthrax exists
wholly in the imagination of a yellow
journal correspondent.
Dr. W. F. Jones, the County Health
Officer, stated that he had examined
the cattle at Larkspur and Reeds Sta
tion, where anthrax was claimed to
have prevailed and found not a trace
of it. Dr. Neif, the County Veterinary-
Surgeon, made a similar statement. As
regards the two men examined by Dr.
Bazet in San Francisco, one of them
told a local physician he was stung by
an insect and the other had blood poi
soning consequent upon foreign matter
Retting into a cut on the hand.
The unjust statement that in the last
year herds of infected cattle had been
herds of infected cattle had been
brought into the county was strongly
denied by R. T. Hatch of Novato.
"Only 110 head of cattle have been
brought into the county since last
May," said Hatch. "They were all ex
amined by a competent veterinary sur
geon, and, without a single exception,
found to be healthy."
It is believed that the five cattle that
died at Reeds Station were afflicted
with pulmonary tuberculosis. In order
to prevent the introduction and spread
of any disease in the future, the board
adopted an ordinance providing that
before any milch cows or other horned
stock be Imported a certificate of
health must be presented to the County
Health Officer, signed by a regular
graduate of a veterinary college, who
shall have practiced his profession not
less than two years. The District At
torney was called upon by resolution
to enforce the provisions of the ordi
nance, and its violation will be a mis
demeanor offense.
SOLANO SUPERVISORS
ADOPT PRECAUTIONS
SUISUN, Oct. 10.— At a special meet
ing of the Board of Supervisors to-day
the sum of $400 was allowed to provide
for the collection of expert testimony
regarding the fatalities among cattle
in Solano County and to provide for
expert examination of all cattle in the
county. Stockmen intended to submit
an ordinance before the board for the
protection of their interests. It was de
< id«'d, however, to defer this to obtain
all possible information. When this
shall have been accomplished an or
dinance will be presented for the Su
pervisors' consideration.
Killed by an Ore Car.
REDDING, Oct. 10.— Martin Price, a
miner employed at the Iron Mountain,
mine, was run over and instantly killnl
by a trolley ore %ar this morning. He
was in tunnel No. 2, and, considering
himself on the safe track, paid no at
tention to the approaching car until too
late.
Passing of an Argonaut.
SALINAS, Oct. 10.— B. F. Reynolds, a
pioneer, died at the County Hospital this
afternoon, in his seventy-eighth year. He
came to the State in the early fifties, and
engaged in mining. He removed to
Salinas in ISG6, and was engaged in busi
ness until a few years aj,'o, when, becom
ing an invalid, he entered the County
Hospital.
Train-Wrecker's Peculiar Plea.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 10.— II. C. Griffin,
the train wrecker, pleaded "not guilty"
when charged to-day in the Sonoma Su
perior Court. Griffin confessed his crime
when arrested at Vallejo, and repeated
the confession here. This plea to-day
caused surprise. He will be tried on No
vember 10.
WRECKING SAN
JOSE'S SCHOOLS
Boss Rule Stirs Up New
Difficulties.
TROUBLE IN THE LOWELL
AUTOCRATIC MISS PECKHAM
THE DISTURBER.
Principal Causes the Transfer of
Teachers Whose Advance
ment Arouses Her
Envy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 10.— There is another
revolt in the San Jose School Depart
ment. This time the scene of trouble
is the Lowell Grammar School, and the
chief actor about whom the storm of
fury centers is Miss Lois Peckham, the
principal. For some time her tyran
nical and czarlike rulings have aroused
ill feeling among the teachers, and
some have even left the school rather
than suffer abuse. It has been neces
sary to transfer teachers from the
school in order to have harmony, and
those to whom the principal took a dis
like and who had no political pull have
either resigned their position or been
"classified out" by the classification
committee. Miss Peckham has the
support of Rea, and what she says in
school affairs goes, and even the mem
bers of the Board of Education have to
respect her wishes.
This was clearly shown the first of
last week. At that time there was se
rious trouble in the school and for a
while it looked as though the dozen
teachers there would go on a strike for
the removal of Miss Peckham rrom the
principalship. These sentiments were
freely expressed by the schoolmarms
and it was necessary to call in mem
bers of the School Board to pacify
them. As it was Miss Peckham and
Miss Charlotte Brower of the seventh
grade nearly got into a hair-pulling
contest and only the manly form of the
janitor prevented a physical encounter.
The outcome of this was that Miss
Peckham told the Trustees that they
must transfer Miss Brower to another
school or she would Ignore their au
thority and go straight to Rea. The
Trustees took her orders as if they
came direct from the "boss," and Miss
Brower was transferred 10 the Lincoln
Grammar School.
The story of last week's trouble is
this: Miss Ida M. Love, vice princi
pal of the school and teacher of the
eighth grade, was removed with her
class to the new High School. The
classes of this grade from the different
schools have been located in the High
School to help fill the vacancy made by
the striking High School pupils who
have gone to the Santa Clara High
School. The removal of this class
from the Lowell made Miss Brower of
the seventh grade vice principal. Miss
Peckham objected and started in to
drive Miss Brower from the school by
making It unpleasant for her. The
other teachers took Miss Hrower's part
and then trouble was on in earnest.
In order to restore quiet the classifi
cation committee — composed of Trus
tees Graham and Kenyon — transferred
Miss Brower to the Lincoln School and
gave Miss Nellie O'Brien of the Lowell
the vice principalship. Miss Eliza
Higgins of the Lincoln was put in Miss
O'Brien's place in the sixth grade. This
has patched up the matter for a while,
but it is .said the trouble is not ended.
San Jose's School Department is
gaining an unenviable reputation. Dif
ficulty after difficulty has arisen and
the people are beginning to ask where
all this quarreling will end. Politics
is the cause of it all, and unless checked
the methods of Rea and the Macken
zies will l»e the ruination of the schools.
The new High School has been almost
wrecked and now the grammar schools
are threatened.
The City Board of Education is really
to blame. Instead of conducting the
schools for the best interests of the tax
payers they are using the positions In
the department to strengthen their
"gang" politically.
Trustees O'Neill and Wemple are In
clined to do what is right, but they
are powerless to act with Langford,
Graham and Kenyon opposed to them.
When Langford was appointed a Trus
tee by Mayor Martin people believed
he would act for the best interests of
the city; Instead he sold out to Rea
for the nomination for Sheriff. His
record for the few months he has been
on the School Board shows how thor
oughly "gang" he is, and if placed In
the Sheriff's office he would be even
more neglectful of the people's inter
ests. His vote was needed on the
School Board, and as he wanted to be
Sheriff the "gang" made the bargain
with him. It was his decisive vote that
removed Professor Smith from the
High School and Mrs. A. ---. Clement
from the City Superintendent's office.
He also was instrumental in creating
the office of Supervisor of Kindergar
tens for Miss Belle Mackenzie.
KNIGHT OF THE ROAD
HALTS TWO TRAVELERS
Lone Highwayman Collects Toll in
the Northern Part of Marin
County.
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 10.— For the ppo
ond time within a month comes the news
of a daring hold-up in the northern part
of Marin County. At about 4 o'clock
yesterday afternoon a Portuguese named
Manuel Homen and a companion were
stood up by a lone highwayman by a
point nine miles from Point Reyes sta
tion. The robber presented a revolver
and ordered the men to turn their pock
etS Inside out. They did as ordered, and
were permitted to drive on, without hav
ing to dismount from the wagon in which
they rode. The knight of the road ob
tained only a small sum in cash, and did
not seem to care for the jewelry the men
The victims describe the highwayman
as being about 5 feet 8 Inches in height.
He had a light mustache and wore a
hunting coat, with a light striped sweat
er and dark pantaloons. His features
wore concealed by a black mask and the
shadow cast by a dark slouch hat. The
robber was last seen east of Point Reyes,
whore the road strikes 1 omalos Bay. Sev
eral other persons were passed by him,
but he made no attempt to rob anybody
Sheriff Harrison was notified of the
hold-up to-night, and will leave for the
scene, early in the morning. It is be
lieved that the robber is the same person
who robbed a dairyman near Point Reyes
about a monthjago.
Death of a Sonoma Pioneer.
SONOMA. Oct. 10.— Caleb C. Carreger,
a pioneer of this valley, died of cancer
at his home last night. Mr. Carriger
came to Sonoma in 1846 and settled on a
farm on the west side of the valley. He
owned one of the finest orange and lemon
groves in this part of the county, from
which he shipped large consignments to
the San Francisco market. Mr. Carrlger
was born in Carter County Tennessee, in
1532. He leaves a widow and four chil
dren. The funeral will take place to
morrow.
COLONEL HALE
NOILS A YELLOW
JOURNAL FAKE
First Colorado's Commarjder
Denounces Articles Reflecting
Upon His Subordinates.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST REGIMENT COLORADO INFANTRY.
UNITED STATES VOLUNTEERS,
SAN SEBASTIAN, Manila, August 31.
I have just been shown clippings from the San Francisco Exam
iner of July 8 and 17, containing articles concerning behavior of troops
of second expedition at Honolulu and alleged selling of Red Cross
supplies and donated tobacco, which are so absolutely faJse as to re
quire positive contradiction, even at this late date.
The fictitious nature of the article of July 17 is perhaps sufficiently
Indicated by the fact that It quotes numerous letters said to have
been written by our soldiers from Manila, whereas we did not ar
rive in Manila Bay until July 16. These letters must have been sent
by the process of thought transference, as the cable was cut.
There was some trouble about rations and messing arrangements
due to the loading of some of the company rations in the hold, where
they were Inaccessible, the insufficient capacity of the steam pipe to
the new range installed for use of the Colorado Regiment, the unfa
miliarity of the cooks with their new surroundings, etc.; but these
difficulties were promtply and thoroughly investigated and remedied as
rapidly as possible.
There is absolutely no foundation for the rumor that supplies do
nated by the Red Cross Society or others were sold. It may have
originated from similar articles being sold by the commissary, ship's
crew or others. All donated articles were distributed with the great
est care and fairness.
The statement about objectionable conduct of the troops of the
second expedition at Honolulu is a malicious slander. Their behavior
was remarkably good, so much so as to evoke the unanimous and
unstinted praise of the people of Honolulu, who said that while the
first expedition behaved well, the second was even better.
The enviable reputation which the Colorado Regiment earned in
San Francisco for discipline and general good conduct was more than
sustained In Honolulu, and we decidedly object to having it
smirched by any irresponsible and mendacious correspondent. This
feeling Is doubtless shared by the other organizations comprising
the second expedition, all of which conducted themselves in a most
praiseworthy manner. IRVING HALE,
Colonel First Regiment Colorado Infantry, U. S. V.
EXTENDING THE SCOPE OF
THE EPISCOPAL CHURCH
Memorial From the Japanese Diocese
Urging the Creation of a New
Jurisdiction.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10.— At to-day s
session of the Triennial Conference of the
Episcopal Church, the expanding In
fluence of the church was indicated by
the memorial from the Japanese diocese,
urging the greation of a southern juris
diction in that country and from the
Anglican church in Honolulu, heretofore
fostered by the English church, asking
that, in view of the annexation of Hawaii
to the United States, the church of
Hawaii be amalgamated with that In this
country, becoming a missionary jurisdic
tion. The propositions were referred.
A resolution was adopted for the ap
pointment of a committee of five deputies
to meet with a committee of bishops to
select the city for the next place of meet-
Ing The chair named as the committee
of deputies Messrs. Morgan of New York,
Spalding of California, Mann of Missouri,
Lindsay of Massachusetts and Waters of
Louisiana.
The main discussion of the day was
on the amendment to the constitution.
The article governing the formation of
new dioceses was amended so as to per
mit the diocese of New York and Brook
lyn to be divided.
"The Bishops appointed the following
members of the joint committee on selec
tion of a city in which to hold the conven
tion of 1901: Messrs. Potter of New York.
Randolph of Virginia. "Worthlngton of
Nebraska. Lawrence of Massachusetts
and Morrison of Duluth.
An invitation was received from San
Francisco to hold the next convention
there.
It was decided to create a new mission
ary district In Japan to be known as the
Kyoto district, which is co-terminus with
the Japanese diocese. The missionary will
be selected by the Bishops.
The chairman on behalf of the presiding
Bishops announced the appointment of
twenty commissioners of the American
Church Building Fund, including the fol
lowing: Rev. Morgan Dix. New York;
Rev. Douglass O. Kelly, California and
Hon. N. L. Bradford Prince, New Mexico.
The Bishops considered the proposed
now canon relating to the question of
marriage and divorce for the balance of
the day. Secretary Hart announced that
considerable progress had been made, but
no decision was reached.
INTERESTS Thl PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Adjutant-General Barrett Urges the
Sending of the Eighth California
Regiment to Manila.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 10.— Pensions have
been granted as follows: Joseph O. Gon
na. Soldiers' Home, Lop Angeles, $<>. In
crease—Charles B. Smith, Porterville, $6
to $S.
Oregon: Original— George H. Taylor.
Brownsville, $6; Alexander B. Hanna,
Pendleton, $6. Mexican War survivors.
Increase— John Swinden. Murphy, $8 to $12.
Washington: Original— Joseph N. Dan
ton, Anatone, $S; Eliza A. Jamison, nurse,
Cosmopolis, $12.
A postofflce has been established at
Ragic, Curry County, Oregon, with John
H. McElhaney as postmaster. A post
office has been established at Husum,
Klickltat County. Washington, with
Charles L. Gregory as postmaster.
Mrs. Emengarde Fox of Portland, Or.,
has been accepted as matron at Siletz
Agency School at $500 a year.
R. AY. Kenny has been made additional
assistant cashier in the L,os Angeles Na
tional Bank.
The Continental National Bank of Chi
cago, 111., has been approved as reserve
agent for the First National Bank of Se
utti>\ Wash.
Major Charles Morton of the Fourth
Cavalry will report by telegraph to the
commanding general of the Department
of California for assignment to station
and proceed to Join the station to which
he may be assigned.
lieutenant J. F. Hubbafd has been
transferred from the Terror to home in
stead of to the Adams; Passed Assistant
Surgeon I. W. Kite to the Buffalo for
passage to the Asiatic station for duty
on board the Monterey: Surgeon F. Rodg
ers from the Monterey home to await
orders; Lieutenant J. H. Bull, from the
Richmond to the Yorktown as executive
officer.
Adjutant General Barrett of California
called at the War Department to-day and
presented California's claim against the
Government. Barrett while here will en
nVavor to have the Eighth California
•=ent to the front, as all the men are
anxious and willing to stand the hard-
Charles Schwa n of Pomona, Cal., has
been appointed chief clerk and money or
der clerk at the Pomona Postofflce at
$1000 a year.
REMANDED FOR A WEEK.
Dr. Nancy Guilford Again in the
Bow-Street Police Court.
LONDON, Oct. 10.— Dr. Nancy Guilford.
the midwife of Bridegport, Conn., who is
under arrest here on the charge of man
slaughter in connection with the death
of Emma Gill, was again remanded for
a week ;it Bow-street Police Court to
day The counsel for the prisoner said
his client did not dispute her identity
with the Mrs. Guilford who is wanted by
the Connecticut police.
Breckinridge on the List.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10.— Major General
J C. Brecklnrldge has been included in
the list of generals to be mustered out,
and will return to his duties as inspector
general, with the rank of brigadier.
The fac-aimilo ST& sfirTT** o**0 ** ** on every -wrapper
denature of OS^ifM^UU « OABTOKIA.
MRS. GEORGE ARRAIGNED
IN A CANTON COURT
Pleads Not Guilty to the Charge of
Having Murdered George D.
Saxton.
CANTON. Ohio, Oct. 10.— Anna E.
George, charged with the murder of
George E. Saxton. was taken into Jus
tice Reigner's courtroom to-day to enter
her plea to the affidavit charging her with
murder. Long before the hour the court
room was filled with men and women, all
anxious to see Mrs. George. She looked
unconcerned and seemingly did not realize
the momentous question which she was
to make answer to in court. The eyes of
everybody in the courtroom were upon
her aa she gazed about the room.
Justice Reigner asked Mrs. George if
she was guilty or not guilty to the charge
made against her in the affidavit. Mrs.
George, seemingly not disturbed in the
least but in a very weak and srarcely
audible voice, answered, "Not guilty."
Tuesday afternoon at 1 o"clock was set
for the hearing. Mrs. George was then
taken back to the County Jail.
The funeral services over the remains
of George D. Saxton, held at the M. C.
Barber residence this afternoon, were very
short and simple. When the services were
over the members of the family took th>>ir
places in the carriages. In the first were
President and Mrs. MoKinley and Mr. and
Mrs. M. C. Barber. Other relatives and
near friends, including Webb C. Hayes,
following, in other carriages.
Many people gathered about the Bar
ber residence and all along the route
which was taken by the funeral cortege
t > West T.awn Cemetery, where the re
mains were consigned to their last rest
ing place in the Saxton family vault.
GENERAL LAWTON IS
COMING HOME SICK
His Return to Santiago Very Im-
probable — To Be Succeeded by
General Wood.
Sprcial cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. IS3B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
SANTIAGO DE CITTSA, Oct. 10.—Gen
eral Lawtpn, whose illness has lasted
more than ten days, came to town this
afternoon for the first time. He will sail
on Tuesday on the transport Michigan,
accompanied by his personal staff. His
leave of absence is nominally three
months, but it is fully certain he will not
rpturn to the Department of Santiago,
but will receive another command before
the expiration of his leave.
By special order from the War Depart
ment General Wood was to-day officially
assigned to the command of the Depart
ment of Santiaffo. and General LawtorTs
departmental staff was ordered to report
to him for duty. This command is only
an acting appointment at present, but
there is every reason to believe it will
be permanent. He will probably be
raised to the rank of major-general and
continue in command of Santiago dis
trict.
OREGON AND IOWA
NOT GOING TO MANILA
Commodore Kautz Says the Battle-
Ships Will Bemain Upon the
Pacific Station.
CHICAGO, Oct. 10.— The Chronicle ?ays:
Contrary to public belief the battleships
Oregon and lowa, recently ordered to
sail from New York to Honolulu, are not
destined to reinforce Dewey's fleet, says
Commodore Albert Kautz, the newly ap
pointed commander of the Pacific squad
ron to succeed Admiral Miller. Com
modore Kautz is in this city on his way
to the Pacific Coast. There is. he Bays,
little likelihood that the vessels will gro
to Oriental waters this year. He declares
that they will remain part of the Pacific
squadron. One or more of the preat sea.
scourges will probably be maintained
permanently In Hawaiian waters, ready
to pail at an instant's notice for the Phil
ippines, but the commodore Is of the
opinion that no further reinforcements
will be necessary.
FATE OF A FOOIi.
Accidentally Shoots a Woman and
Then Commits Suicide.
CARLYLE, 111.. Oct. 10.— While a party
composed of Joseph Corcoran. "Scotty"
Orambtrec, Leila Shade and Rosa Smith
were rambling in the cemetery. Corcoran
exhibited a revolver, and the party
closed about him to examine it. Corco
ran playfully pointed It at Miss Smith.
She jumped aside, but the firearm was
discharged and the bullet entered Miss
Shade's thigh. She fainted. Corcoran,
supposing he had killed her, walked away
a few steps, placed the muzzle of the re
volver to his left temple and blew out
his brains.
The young woman was taken home ana
Is now in a precarious condition. Cor
coran was 20 years old and Miss Shade 19.
To Jail for Swindling.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 10.— M. V. Biscal
luz. formerly an attorney of this city
and very wealthy, was this morning sen
tenced to serve ISO days' imprisonment in
the City Jail by Judge Owens. He de
frauded some Italians out of a small sum
by representing himself as being in charge
of the employment of men for the city
street department. He has been leading
a rapid life for some time.
Failure of a Financier.
LONDON, Oct. 10.— The failure is an
nounced of Ernest Orger Lambert, finan
cier His liabilities are estimated at
£1,000,000.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•~<f# I \. •Itis a painful
jpSSvj sight to see an
otherwise robust
/\, \\\ >J* man limping
i <■■ f i /\l" along on a crutch
' s//Is //I j\ \ or cane, a sufferer
/ I I V from rheumatism.
/ IV. \ \ Rheumatism is a
/ I A j disease that will
/ \^i k >— never attack a
/ r-Z^A V (Si man who keeps
/ **^f \ \T^ his blood pure
1 \ \ an( rich. There
i,[ £?"\ is just one way to
tii) — -r^ <^} th i 3 - That is,
'oMBfi(/\ m [ to keep the diges-
/w| I tion and assimila-
//SSB&Ia I tion perfect and
i\Wsk the liver and
JjM&A r\. bowels active.
Wmf* i i " All cases of
i*^w M I rheumatism are
\f / yjSt I promptly cured
1/Mk It by Dr. Pierce*
JT/VW I Golden Medical
L A i A Discovery. It
W«g^ (**>*£«£>>*. creates a keen,
hearty appetite,
corrects all dis-
orders of the digestion, and all weakness
of the stomach. It makes the assimilation
perfect, the liver active, the blood pure and
rich with the life-giving elements of the
food, the nerves strong and steady, and it
drives all impurities and abnormal acids
from the blood. It allays inflammation and
dispels pain. It is the great blood-maker
and flesh-builder. It does not make cor-
pulent people more corpulent. Unlike cod .
liver oil, it does not build flabby flesh, but
tears down the unhealthy, half- dead tig-
sues that constitute corpulency, carries
them away and excretes them, replacing
them with the firm tissues of health.
Thousands have testified to its merits.
Sold at all medicine stores.
"I have been afflicted with rheumatism and
kidney trouble," writes Mr. C. B. White, of
Grove, Geauga Co., Ohio. "I suffered untold
pain. I was afraid I would lose my mind. At
times was almost entirely helpless. There had
not been a night for three years that I could rest
in any position. I tried Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery. I used three bottles of it
and am well of both diseases."
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets cure con-
stipation. Constipation is the cause of
many diseases. Cure the cause and you
cure" the disease. One " Pellet "is a
gentle laxative, and two a mild cathar-
tic. Druggists sell them and there's
nothing else "just as good."
Dissolution of
(^partnership Sale!
$125,000 of Fine Shoes
To Be Sold at Less Than
Manufacturer's Cost.
Now Is the Time to Save Your Money. Buy
j Our
fejjKS tpjm Shoe.
lg£9?stl|t\ LADIES' FIXE VICI KID
l^K&fillWat LACE SHOES, fair
V "NS>J' l - l A* i \' stitched, new coin toe,
Y&JfiRjLS^ all size? and widths; for-
*~4(^2"^'^[ sr\ lner price $3 £0.
LADIES' FINE DOXGOLA KID
LACE OR BUTTON BOOT, new Crt |f\
coin toe, all sizes and widths <J7 I • 1 Vf
Former price $2 and $2 50.
MISSES' AND CHILDREN'S ALASKA SEAL
LACE SHOES:
Sizes 11% to 2. price 81.10
Sizes, 8% to 11. price M.OO
MISSES' FINE DONGOLA KID, reduced
to SJ>c
Children's 75c
The Above Prices Ar° but a Few of the Bis
Bargains to Be Had in All the Departments
During This Sale.
THE MONARCHISHOE COMPANY,
1384 and 1390 Market St.
ADMINISTRATOR'S AUCTION
Monday, October 17, 1398
At 12 o'clock Noon
At Salesroom, 14 Montgomery Street.
JOSEPH P. lI ALE ESTATE.
Numbers 311, 318, 320, 322 and 324 Oak street, 6 fwo-
story and basement houses of 8 rooms, uatb, bay win-
dows, brick foundation, stone walk?, etc., each; rent*
$30 each ; both streets accepted ; in 3 equal subdivisions
of 45:10-12x120 feet each, double front
TRUSTEES SALE.
S.E corner of Jackson and Cherry street*, choio*
Presidio Heights residence lot; 32:2^x117:9 feet; com-
mands grand panoramic marine, Presidio and city
views.
estate of MARIAN van ness.
No. 1137 Florida street, east line, between 234
and 24th streets; 2-story house and lot 26x100
feet.
SHANAIIAN ESTATE.
Nos. 1410-104 Harrison street, between 10th and 11th .
streets, two flats tit 6 and 5 rooms aiid basement ; rent*
524 ; lot 25x73 feet.
THESE PROPERTIES MUST BE SOLD.
Terms and further particulars at our office.
G. H. DMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery Si, San Francisco.
ISO F»/\IlSt NO PfllNl
.j-JBJfrk. Lowest Prices in th« City!
Ik£3^^^^% t GUARANTEED.
■I « TEETH WITHOUT
XlSi -t>£ xgJ PLATES A SPECIALTY.
Jfi|9 ' Jflwps lS& FuH get o j Teeth, ex-
■\S y \ 1 tractlngr free. .$4.50 up
\"i j/MBjg^y Gold Crowns, 22k
A«BwWHTT Fillings 230 up
'f|iK3|jf^ ELECTRO-DENTAL
SPi|,\' 3 S)Si!7/5l Suite 7 - Flood Bulldlnc
5^ " '—^•'••^ SO9 MARKET ST.
Office Hm.— 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.; Sun., 9 to * p.m.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
P. A. MCDONALD,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone South 24.
Dealer and Importer of all brands of COKE.
Yards at HOWARD AND BEALE STS.
Use f^L and
Facial Soap Rj^ / Facial Cream.
Pug Noses, Hump, Flat, Broken, 111-Shaped
Noses made to harmonize with the other fea-
turc-s by Dermatologist JOHN H. WOODnURT.
127 W 42d St., New York. 163 State St., Chicago.
Send for Illustrated book.
-•- v «g_S ___« \\ (■ v " NO QUACKS." "
'^J<i«WX^i^^-^^ A good Electric Belt
jJ_\V«S_»Si_3^__^'ll cure WITHOUT
P«^rs£7<sv?f^%v^ MEDICINE. Buy no
■ife^^ ">•-'>*■.- -^■Bbeit till you see "Dr.
Wilfv^H^fefrSftSlr i'lerce's." Book free.
l3pSyMj^^^gyj7l¥S^.*'l 3pSyMj^^^gyj71¥S^.*' Call or address,
f_V_>*>__/.^ pierce electric
4*y stt4 A *• CO 620 MARKET
2?"* i STREET, opp. Palace Hotel.
Mention *W San Francisco,
this paper.
j*f|MDR. HALL'S REINVIQORATOR
|__>** : TP____ Five hundred reward lor any case
_>I^€ BBraj we cannot cure. This secret remedy
J ■ stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
M_rt __9 Emissions, lmpotency. Varlcoceje,
HEB eaHB Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits, Strictures,
liii ' iiih Lost Manhood and all- wasting ef-
453 K_n fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
£_«*«— rm¥\ sea | e $2 bottle: 3 bottles. |5; ?uar-
anteecfto" cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
BTITUTE 855 Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also
for Bale, at 1073* Market St.. S.F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
'O great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 823 Market.
34
CLOSE FINISHES
AT LOS ANGELES
Only One Favorite Meets
Defeat.
WILLIAM OB BEATS NAPIAN
LADY ASHLEY NOSED OUT BY
ROADWARMER.
Bullman Attempts to Draw a Garri
son Finish and Is Caught Nap
ping at the Post by
Tommy Butler.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
I;OS ANGELES. Oct. 10.— The opening
day of the week saw only a small crowd
In attendance to view the racing at the
park, ani there was a tk-arth of coin in
the ring, making It difficult for the book
makers on the dead line to round up. The
racinp wae characterized by nothing of
a startling nature. The 2:12 trot was
red in by Prince Gift after three
tame heats had been stepped. In the re
maining events William 08, Reina de
Los Angeles and Roadwarmer, all
staunchly supported choices, came home
in front, but in third dash for two-year
olds Obsidian, the Burns & Waterhouse
disappointment, upset the calculations of
the talent by winning all the way, start
ing at odds of 7 to 2.
For the 2:12 trot five scored up for the ,
word, with the field, consisting of Silver '
Ring, Galetta, Osito and Our Jack, bring- i
Ing 9 against 10 for Prince Gift. The *atter '
never left the result in doubt, winning in I
three straight heats. Time 2:12%, 2:14*4 |
and 2:13. Galena did not trot up to ex- i
pectations, but managed to finish second j
in two heats, taking second money.
Tho seven-furlong purse affair proved
quite a betting race. Napian, the two- i
year-old, with Devin in the saddle, opened j
a strong favorite, but the educated coin '
was dropped in at the last minute by the
left-hand bettors on William 08, and it
was even money and take your pick at ;
post time. Devln was carried wide at j
the head of tho stretch by Shields on '■
Petrarch, and Frawley, saving a good !
deal of ground by making a short cut on
William 08, led the Burns & Water
house candidate out by the shortest sort
of a head.
The Baldwin entry, Reina de Los An
geles, led the maiden class in the flve
furlong scramble following. She ruled fa
vorite in the ring at the short price of 6
to 5, and at the wire, excellently ridden
by young Devin, defeated Castelar, the
second choice, with apparent ease. The
other starters were a misfit lot.
It looks as though Ocorona has lost her
winning form. The filly was sent out a !
9 to 10 favorite for the fourth number on
the card and Shields was unable to land
her among the first three. Obsidian,
piloted by Jos Piggott, made all the run
ning and won handily from Los Mndanos,
the Baldwin entry. San Augustine fin
ished in the show.
Through a stupid piece of saddle work
on the part of Bullman, the speedy Road
warmer was able to win the final purse.
In a four and a half furlong run Bullman
eat perfectly still on Lady Ashley and in
the finest drawn finish of the meeting was
beaten by a no^e. Roodwarmer was han
dled with raro skill by Tommy Butler
and closed an odds-on favorite In the bet
ting. When riders of Bullman's caliber
attempt to draw Garrison finishes they
should be given a vacation. Summary:
Prince Gift, br. g. by Good Gift-Bella
(Kent) 1 1 1
Galetta. bile. m. by Jud Wilkea (Abies)... 2 3 2;
Osito br. h. by McKlnney (Sanford) 4 2 3
Our Jack. b. g. by Steinway (Sullivan)... 5 4
Silver Ring, b. h". by Silver Bow (Wil
liams) 5 4 5
Time, 2:13%. 2:l4V*. 2:13.
The following aro the entries for to
morrow's races:
First race, pacing— Floraclta, Little Thome,
You Bet, Beech wood.
Second race, Agricultural Park stake, maid
ens, seven furlongs:
121 Artesla 114 ( 117 Rey del Rio 94 .
109 Etiwanda 114| 103 Losette 119
Third race, one mile:
119 La Goleta SO! (llS)Marplot ~.. 90
(116)Mortnga ». SO!
Fourth race, six furlongs:
115 Fie Leaf l»l(l!2)Ob»!dtan 83
109 Queen Nubia... .107 : 116 Howard 107 '
123 Lady Ashley 105! lira Kaiser Ludwlg.lio :
Fifth race, seven and a half furlongs: i
(109) Tom Smith 11l ... Masoero 104 i
(121)Relna de Los A.I 2 120 William O - 8....1^4
CAYUCOS SWEPT BY
AN INCENDIARY FIRE
"Water Ib Turned Off From the Hy-
drants and Eight Business
Houses Are Burned.
SAN LI'TS OBISPO, Oct. 10.— L. Pedral
ata, proprietor of the Swiss-American
Hotel, discovered flre in E. Genardini'a
saloon in Cayucns at 1 o'clock this morn
ing. He attempt**! to attach a hose to
a hydrant in front of the hotel, but some
one had turned the water off from the
tank. The fire spread rapidly and con
sumed eight business housps, which com
prised the principal part of the business
portion of the town.
That the fire was of incendiary origin
is beyond doubt. This afternoon a vigi
lance committee was organized and sus
pected persons will be requested to leave
town at once. The feeling is intense.
The losses and insurance are as follows:
De Gottardi & Righ^tti, merchants, loss
$10,000, insurance $7000; Luis l'edraiata
hotel, loss $7000, insurance $2000; E.
Genanllni, saloon, lobs fsoo, insurance
$250; B. P. Dawsoa, drugstore, loss $250
insurance $600; Mrs. Ramonetti, saloon!
loss $175, no Insurance; Mrs. W. Brock
seib, loss $100-0, insurance $400; A. M.
Hardie, postofnce, loss $50, no insurance;
Znppi & Nicholi, saloon, loss $800, insur
ance, $300; Robert Villa, loss $450 no in
surance; Oemetti & Solarl, saloon, loss
$30, no insurance; Harry Hanna, barber
shop, loss $25, no insurance.
MUST LET CONTRACTS TO
THE LOWEST BIDDER
Complications Caused by a Decision
Regarding Printing of Great
Registers.
AUBURN. Oct. 10.— In a case to-day be
fore the Superior Court, Involving the
riphts of Supervisors or County Clerk in
the printing of the Great Register, Judge
I'rewett decides that the power to do the
work is vested in the Supervisors. He also
derides that the board must advertise the
legal length of time and award the print-
Ing to the lowest bidder. This latter ver
sion complicates matters in this and many
other counties, where the Supervisor's
have already given out the printing. The
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Economical
soap is one that
a touch of
cleanses.
Placer County board has been called to
meet In special session to-morrow.
This confusion arises from the continual
meddling with the county government act
at every session of the Legislature. Judge
Prewett's decision Is based upon the pro
visions of the new section (1079) of the
county government act.
TEACHERS' INSTITUTES.
Gatherings of Educators in Several
California Counties.
WATSONVTLLE. Oct. 10.— Santa Cruz
Institute convened here this afternoon In
the Christian church. Superintendent J.W.
Linscott presided. The following officers
wore elected: Vice-presidents, "W. W.
Wilson, F. S. Huff; secretary, Carlton H.
Ames; assistant secretaries, Marion Fish
er and Fannie McKay. The lecturers
and instructors for the institute are F.
B. Dreslar, University of California; O.
;■ Jenkins, Elwood P. Cubberly and C.
A. Dunaway, Stanford. After organiza
tion Superintendent Linscott delivered
his annual address. F. B. Dreslar deliv
er* 1 an able address on "Schooll Hy
giene." To-night a promenade concert
was yiven by Watsonville teachers to the
visiting teachers and invited friends.
SUISUN, Oct. 10.— The Teachers' Insti
tr.te <'f Solano County met at Vacaviile
to-day. There was a large attendance,
neluding many prominent educators.
fhl.« evening a reception was tendered the
rs by the residents of Vacaviile.
On Tuesday evening Professor Kirk of
Nin liernardino will deliver a lecture, to
■o followed by a banquet. On Wednesday
-vening Professor Aiursburg of Oakland
ftill give a "chalk talk," and on Thurs
lay evening- there will be a grand bail.
Vacaville has made extensive prepara- i
:i<>ns to make the teachers' visit enjoy
ible.
NAP A, Oct. 10.— The Teachers' Institute \
>f Napa County Is in session here. Every
:eacher answered the roll caJl to-day. |
ss and work are progressing satis- j
'actorily under the direction of the coun- I
y superintendent, assisted by professors
und teachers of Berkeley and Palo Alto.
SUICIDE OF TWO LOVERS.
Man Shoots Himself and Woman
Dies by the Rope.
MEDFORD, Or., Oct. 10.— Mrs. Docia
; Worlow, daug-hter of Mrs. M. E. Worlow,
\ residing about ilfteen miles from here,
committed suicide yesterday by hanging-.
; The young lady was engaged to be mar
| ried on October 20 to James Wyland,
■ whose suicide by shooting was reported
about two weeks ago. It is now known
that both agreed to end their live? and
that they had an engagement to meet (or
t'. at purpose on the evening on which
Wyland killed himself, he having told her
h.< would bring a bottle of laudanum.
Both deaths are enshrouded in mystery.
The suicides were of respectable and
well-to-do families.
Supplies for Abercrombie.
SEATTLE, Oct. 10.— The steam schooner
Rival ha? been chartered by the Govern
ment to carry supplir-a to Captain Aber
crombte, U. S. A., who, with his surveying: j
party, will winter at the mouth of the
Copper River, Alaska. On .her return trip
the Rival will hrlng down from Cooks
Inlet the Glenn surveying party.
Transferred to the Regents.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 10.— There was filed in
the Recorder's office to-day a commis
sioner's deed of the St. James Hotel prop- !
erty, to the regents of the State Unlver- i
sity. The sale was for $92,110, the amount i
of the Judgment and costs in the foreclos- ;
ure Biiit decided several months ago.
MATRIMONIAL AGENCY
DUPE DIES IN WANT
ALEXANDER S. SAMPSON THE
LUCKLESS VICTIM.
He Became Destitute and Was Sent
by the Police to the City
and County Hos
pital.
Alexander S. Sampson, one of the vic
tims of Bain's matrimonial agency, died
at the City and County •Hospital yester
day afternoon and his death 13 attributed
in a large measure to the worry and feel
ing of shame at his failure to marry the
"rich widow."
Bampson was a man about 63 years of
ago and lived in West Duxbury. Muss.
He saw the advertisement of the "rich
widow" wanting a husband in Bain's pa
per and started a correspondence with
.Mrs. Grace Allison. She lnducf-d him to
come to the city and he arrived about
two months ago. He borrowed $100 on a
small niece of property he owned and had
?25 left on his arrival here. He called
upon Mrs. Allison, but when Bhe learned
that he was a poor man she would have
nothing to do with him.
His money was soon ppent and he tried
to obtain employment but was not suc
cessful. He disliked to write home to hln
friends for assistance and in his despera
tion called at police headquarters -and
was turned over to Sergeant Moffltt. The
sergeant took him to the City Prison,
where Mrs. Allison was at that time de
tained, and he at once Identified her as
the woman who had allured him here.
She denied ever seeing him before and
flippantly remarked to other women who
were In the cell: "Girls, what would I
want with an old guy like that?" Samp
son had sent her $5 to get her photograph
taken but he had never received one, and
his case was one of the strongest against
her and Ealn for using the mails for ille
gal purposes.
Sergeant Moffltt learned last week that
the old man was destitute and he pro
cured a room for him and bought him a
number of meal tickets so that he would
not starve. He became so weak Saturday
that he was removed to the City and
County Hospital, where he died yesterday
afternoon. •
He had evidently swallowed his pride
and written to his friends, for money in
a registered letter from "Mrs. Eleanor Ma
goun. Myrtle street, East Pembroke,
Mass.," reached the general postoffice for
him yesterday morning. Chief Lees noti
fied the postal authorities to hold the lat
ter till he communicated with the old
man's friends as to It and the disposition
ot the body.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
LOS ANGELES, Monday, October 10, 1898.— Sixth day of the Sixth
District Agricultural Society Meeting. Weather fine. Track fast.
J. W. ]
IKS, Presiding Judge.
J. F. CALDWELL, Starter.
|OA FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; all ages; purse, $200.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
94m.
Btr.
109 William 08, a 112 2
112 NSpUa, 2 86 8
111 Petrarch, 5 114 1
82 Vl k 1 ng. 4 107[ 4
109 William 08, a 112
112 NSpUa, 2 It
111 Petrarch, 6 114]
92 Viking. 4 1071
2
3
1
4
S3 34 36 lh Ins Frawley 7-6 1
11 In lh in i :■: iDevtn 3-5 1
It 23 22 86 810 Shields 4 5
4 4^ 4^ 4 4 jruillman 20 30
t 3
1 \
2 2
4
3 4
1 n
2 3
4
3 6
1 h
2 2
4
1 h
% n
8 6
4
Ins
S3
8 10
4
[Frawley
pevln
[Shields
Bullman |
Time. 1:27%. Good start.
by Apache-Flora.
Won first three driving. Winner, Farrar & Tubervllle's b. g.
|Q| SECOND RACE— Fiva furlongs;
$200.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
him.
\m.
Rtr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
115 Reir.a de JLos A., 3.106
115 Castelar, 4 11l
... CJibbertiflibbet, 4... .111
115 Igo. 3 106
115 Miss I>aly, 4 11l
... Red Leaf, a 11l
... Artesla. 3 106
!
5
4
c
a
7
2 8
1 1
fi 4
4 h
6 8
% h
7
2 4
1 %
6 H
4 V,
6 10
5 2
7
1 "A 12
2 4 2 10
8h 3 h
4 H 4 hi
6 10 6 4
5 V 4 . «20
7 7
uevin
Ruia
Hennpssy ....
Houck
1
6-2
4
15
20
6
4
6-5
8-2
6
80
60
12
5
Kanely
Shields
Bullrr.an ]
Time, l:02 1 ,4. Good start. Won easily. Second
win's b. f. by Emperor of Norfolk-Clara D.
third driving. Winner, E. J. Bald-
IQO THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; two-year-olds ; purse, $200.
:. Horse.
Weight.
%m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
114 Obsidian 112 1 ... 11 12 13 1 3 PI
117 Los Modenos 110 5 ... 6 8h 8 1 2 IV4 Fr
114 San Augustine 110 8 ... 8 !i 2% 2 h 3 8 Ri
106 Correct 109 8 ... 4^5 6 4I 1 He
114 Ocorona 109 4 ... 2 h 4 2 4^ 6 Sh
Time, 1:15. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Waterhouse's br. c. by Imp. StromboU-Clara L.
1
S
8
3
4
1 1
6
it
4 M.
2 h
1 2
3 h
I H
5
4 2
1 3
8 1
2 h
I
4 hit
1 3
2 1H
3 8
4 1
6
|jriSKOii
Frawley ......
Ruiz i
\ir n
Iggott 3
rawley 6
ulz 5-2
ennessy 8
melds 6-5 7
Winner, Burns
3 4
6 15
5-2 3
8 15
6-5 7-10
4
15
I
15
M 0
&
IHennessy ....
Shields
OO FOURTH RACE— Four and a half furlongs; selling; all ages; purse, $200.
115 Road warmer, a
116 Lady Ashley. 8
... Wenoma, 4
118 Graclas, S
2
I
4
/ ...
1 1
4
8 1
1 H
3 M
2 h
1 h
2 4
3 %
n
6-5 7-10
8-5 7-5
6 10
«_ T £\. :5 1.*- Oood start. Won flret three driving. Winner, Mrs. C. Short' b. g. by
Frank ahoa<lea?lseUe, /-—'■•,•-.•.-.-.•---; • - .*..-. .-.".-i -„
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 189b.
OUR NELLIE AND
BISHOP REED
I
Upset Calculations at
Hawthorne Track.
MISS MARION A FAST ONE
DON QUIXOTE DEFEATS THE
DEVIL AND OTHERS.
Lena Myers, Schanken, Dave S, Ray
JB, Parakeet and Domsie Finish
In Front Over the Latonia
Course.
Special EHspatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Oct. 10.— Our Nellie and
Bishop Reed were the upsets at Haw
thorn© this afternoon, they being at the
odds of 12 to 1. -';:"?;
Miss Marion defeated a great field in the
second event, Paul Grlggs, to the sur
prise of most folks, finishing up second.
Don Quixote beat The Devil and other
good ones in the third, while Populist
and Gold Band, also favorites, won the
steeplechase and the last event. It rained
after the first race, and the track is
again a sea of mud.
First race, Belling. two-year-oldß. five fur
longs : ■__
Name and Weight. Jockeys. ) Vj. %■ Str. Fin.
Our Nellie. 103 Hothersall 2 0 lh 11
Andes 108 ..Holden 0 0 8 2
A. Mcknight, 106..Beauchamp 1 112 2 8
Falomacita, 103 Wilson j 0 3 0 0
Silver Tone. 10« H. Martin 3 0 0 0
Good Hope. 103 J. Ward 0 2 0 0
Time, 1:024. Won handily. Second and third
r Rio Chico 103. Flirtation 103. Iris 103, Giu
llano 103, Roaie Burke 107, 'Canaca 105 and
Ach lot! also ran. «« I *-t'
Sausalito odds— lo to 1. sto 1 and 12 to 1. -
i Track odds— l 2to 1, 6to 1 and IS to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, puree, six furlongs: ;
Mies Marlon, 9S (J. Ward) 1
Paul Griggs, 122 (H. Martin) ..2
Jolly Roger, 101 (J. Relft) 8
Time 1:15*4 Won easily by two lengths. -.
•Espionage 106, Tulla Fonso 98, Fontalnebleu
101 and Victor Sura 106 also ran. »<
Sausalito odds— 2*4 to 1, 10 to 1 and 4 tot,
Track odds— B to 1, 20 to 1 and 6 to L
•Favorite.
Third race, purse, mile and a quarter:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. | M. \k- %• lm. Fin.
•Don Quixote, 106. Spencer 0 0 2 2 1
The Devil, lOS.Beauchamp 8 8 8 3 2
Dare 11. 107 Rutter 11 11 Hi IK !
Plantain, 95 Seaton| 2 2 0 0 0
Time. 2:13V4. Won handily. Second and third j
driving.
Forte 88 and Al Fresco 10« also ran.
t-ausallto odds— to 5. 3 to 1 and 6 to L
Track odds— B to i, 4 to 1 and S to L
•Favorite.
Fourth race, selling:, mile and a sixteenth: I
Name and Wt. Jockeys. >4. %. %.. Str. Fin.
Sodda— 8 to 5, 4 to 1 and S to L
i race, selling, mile and a sixteenth:
and Wt. Jockeys, j fc. %. * Str. Fin.
Bishop Reed, 110. ..Lynch 12 12 12 11 11
•Moncrelth, 106. McDonald 2 0 0 2 2
D. Dummy. 107..Beaueh'p 0 2 2& 3 3
Trar.by, 107 Dupee 3 3 0 0 0
Elusive, 102 Everett 0 0 8 0 0
Sutton, 110 Caywood 0 0 0 ft 0
Time, 1:55. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Eausalito odds— to 1, 2to 1 and 4to 1.
Track odds— l 2to 1, 3to 1 and sto 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, short course steeplechase:
•Populist, 154 (Maxley) 1
Schreiber. 130 (Ellison) 2
Marble. HI (Ray) 3
Tim*. 8:274. Won easily. Second easily.
Orderly 139 and Michael G 147 also ran.
Sausalito odds — Even, 6 to 6 and 10 to 1.
Track odds 4 to 5, 6 to 2 and 15 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, Belling, mile and a sixteenth:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. V & 94. Str. Fin.
•Gold Band, 102. . . Holden 11212 2h 1 h
Count Fonao. 102..M<-1> id 3 0 0 8 #J ; S
Greyhurst, 102.... J. Ward 2 11 la lh 8
Basqull, 105 Everett ( 0 0 8 0 0
J. Steadman, 102... Dupee 0 8 0 0 0
Time, 1:65. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Brlggs 102, Parole dOr 105, Inconstancy 10
and Belvadell 105 also ran.
Sauyallto — 2Vi to 1. 6 to 1 and (to L
Track odda— 3 to 1, 6 to 1 and 8 to 1.
•Favorite.
THREE LATONIA UPSETS.
They Were Lena Myers, Schanken
and Bay B.
CINCINNATI, Oct. JO.— Lena Myers, at odds
of 6 to 1, won the first race by a length, and
Rchanken captured the second, being the same
price. He beat Gufss me (1 to 2) a head. Ray
B (10 to 1) landed the fourth, while Pave 8,
: Parakeet and Domsle, favorites, wore success
ful In the remaining races. Crowhurst had but
i three mounts, yet he won with I>»na. Myers and
Ray B and was second, beaten a nose, on Dash
away. The track was In fair shape, but nut at
Its fastest stage.
First race, selling, on* mile:
Name and W't. Jockeys.
L. Myers, 100. .Crowhurst
School Girl, 100.. Southard
MoCleary, 100-Shackleford
Suenell, 103 Frost
•Flammarlon, 103...C0n1ey
MrFarland 11. 102. Math's
\i. M,. %. Btr.
0 0 0 0 1
0 0 0 8 2
11110 1H 3
2 2 2 0 0
3 3 3 0 0
0 0 112 0
Time. 1:43%. Won handily. Second ana third
driving.
Harrie Floyd 99, »Katle Longfellow 9«, Shut
SHARKEY ACCEPTS
CORBETT'S CHALLENGE
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— Tom O'Rourke, in behalf of Tom Sharkey,
posted $2500 with "Honest John" Kelly to-day as an acceptance of
Corbett's challenge, issued yesterday, to fight anybody. It has been
agreed that articles shall be drawn to-morrow, the fight to take
place about November 25.
tlecook 99. Gomez 102, Elsie Barnes 104 and
Flammarion 103 also ran.
■ Saussalito odds— B to 1, 10 to 1 and 8 to L
1 Track odds— € to 1, 8 to 1 and 8 to L
I •Favorites.
Second race, two-year-olds, five and a half
I furlongs:
r | Name and Weight. Jockeys. %. %• Str. Fin.
i Schanken, 102 Conley 0 8 3 In
'•Guess Me, 117 Van Dusen 1 1! 1H 2 2
Mi*s Patron, 107 Thompson 3 2!4 2 1 8
Bessie Evving, 107 May 2 0 0 0
Time, 1:09%. Won driving. Second and third
! driving.
j Addle L 100, Mayme M M 102, Beana 112 and
! Frances D 107 also ran.
Sausalito odds— B to 1, 1 to 8 and 3 to L
Track odds— 6 to 1, 9 to 20 and 4 to 1.
! 'Favorite.
• i Third race, purse, six furlongrsi
!; \ Name anT Weight. Jockeys, j V - %■ Str. Fin.
, : 'Dave 6, 100 Aker X 6 13 16 14
Guide Rock, 102 Frost 0 !h 3 iYt
L-.vlng Cup, 102 Southard 0 0 0 3
Allevtate, 112 Conley 2h 8 2V4 0
What Next, 115 T. Green 8 0 0 0
Time, 1:15. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
I >ud Steele 102 and Howard Hampson 102 also
ran.
i Sausalito odds— 6 to 5, 12 to 1 and 9to L
I Track odds— Even, 10 to 1 and 6to L
•Favorite.
Fourth race, selling:, one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. Vi. %• %■ Str. Fin.
i Ray B, 100 Crowhurst 3 2 12X213
: I^yllis, lUS Britton 0 0 3 2 3
! 'Kitty B, 108 Mathewa 0 0 0 8 8
, Maggie S, 100 Kuhn 1% 1H 21 0 0
■ High Moon, 112...0i1m0re 2 0 0 0 0
K. llramble, 103.. Southard) 0 8 0 0 0
Time, 1:42. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
j Annie Oldfleld 103, Lo Colena 105 and Forseen
108 also ran.
SnuFalito odde— lo to 1, 4to 1 and even.
Track odds— lo to 1, sto 1 and 4to 5.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, purse, two-year-olds, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys, j %. %. Str. Fin.
■ 'Parakeet, 113 Southard! Jill
•Undue. 113 Morrison. 0 0 $ 2
Deoano*. 105 T. i"< --vers lh 2 2 S
) Asman, 97 Thompson! 8 3 0 0
Time, 1:17. Won handily. Second and third,
driving.
Seattle 97, B. O. Fox 100, Joe Grady 100, The
Bondman 105, Pretty Rosle 105, Hunan 106 and
Rice 110 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 3 to 1, 1 to 1 and 6 to 1.
Truck odds— to 1, 3 to 1 and 5 to L
•Favorites.
Sixth race, selling, one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. I %. hi- %. Str. Fin,
•Domsle, 108 Southard j 0 0 0 0 Ins
Dashaway, 106.Crowhurst ; 0 0 0 0 2
Mordecal, 108 Aker 8 I 13 118
Flop, 100 Kuhn 14 IVi 0 3 0
The Doctor, 108 Frost 0 0 8 0 0
Royal Choice. 112. M.Dunn 2 0 0 0 0
Pop nixon. 107 Conley 0 3 8 2Vi 0
Time, 1:42%. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Libation 100, Leaseman 104, Prosecutor 107,
Ideal Beau 108 and Ravarln 100 also ran.
Sn.U!>aUto odds— 3 to 1, 5 to 1 and 20 to 1.
Track odds— 3 to 1, 6 to 1 and 15 to 1.
•Favorite. *
FASTEST FIVE-HEAT
RACE ON RECORD
LEXINGTON. Ky., Oct. 10.— After two more
days of delay on account of rain the meeting;
of the Kentucky Trotting: Horse Breeders' As-
elation was resumed at noon to-day with the
2:05 class, two heats of which had been trotted
on Thursday, William Perm having: won the
first, and Rtlma, tb« favorite, the second. The
weather and track were all that could be de
sired and the attendance large. Every heat of
the four races was a genuine contest. Th«
Transylvania was the fastest five-heat race on
record.
First race, 2:08 class, trotting, purse $8000 —
Pilot Buy won third, fourth and fifth heats.
Time, 2:ODW. 2:o9>£. 2:lOVi. William Perm won
ilrht beat in 2:llVi. Kilma won second he»t In
2:1U4. Captain Jack. Tommy Britton, Ken
tucky Union. Dan Cupid, Klamath, Humboldt
Maid and Fred B also started.
Second race, 2:13 class, pacing, purs« $2000 —
The Blabop won third, fourth and fifth heats.
Time, 2:0?%i, 2:llVi, 2:12. Hal B won first and
second heats. Time, 2:lOSi, 2:1'). Falrview,
Blaze Boy, Plnta, Byzantine, Bell Boy, Bernlee,
Roan Dick, Jim Push and Light Star also
started.
Third race, the Transylvania, for trotters of
the 2:13 class, purse $^000 — John Nolan won
third, fourth and fifth heats. Time, 2.08V4,
2:o'.''^, 2 : <r 'J**i. Eagle Flanlgan won first heat in
2:07%. (Jrattan Boy won second heat In 2:08.
Pllatus, Blngen, Pione, Caraealla, Belle J and
Cut Glass also started.
2:27 class, trotting, $!000 (unfinished) -Maggie
I,as=* won first hr-at !n 2:16^4. Bessie Owens won
second heat In 2:134. Valols. Chestnut King,
Baron Wood, Sampson, Barometer, Red Tape,
Black Robert. Ambers, Guy Baron, Capstone,
Judge Teney and Bonaclto also started.
SLOAN PILOTS ONE
WINNER AT PARIS
PARTS, Oct. 10.— At the autumn meeting
at Longchamps yesterday the Prix dv
Newmarket of 10,000 francs, for three
year-olds and upward, was won by
Trency. Valiant was second and St.
Medard third, in a field of ten horses.
Tod Sloan rode Monopole, but was not
placed. The betting was 2 to 1 against
Monopole.
The Prix de Lascade was won by a
neck by Buis'son Ardent, ridden by Tod
Sloan. En Sacre was second and (rlamls
third. Seven horses ran. The betting was
2 to 1 on Buisson Ardent.
The Prix GravHliers was won by Lit
tle Monarch. Petit was second and Rol
Jean was third. Taillebuorgy, with Sloan
up, was unplaced. The betting was 3 to
1 against Talllebourgy. Ten horses
started.
Imp After Another Record.
CHICAGO, Oct. 10.— The racing mare
Imp will, on October 19, be sent against
the world's mile record of 1:3?-% on a cir
cular track, made by Libertine at Harlem
four years ago. The Harlem Jockey Club
baa offered a purso and a plate if Imp
succeeds in lowering the record. Four
speedy horses will set a pace for Imp,
who will be ridden by Jockey Reiff.
BOSTON'S BALL-TOSSERS
INCREASE THEIR LEAD
\ m
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W.L.Pct. Clubs— W.L.Pct.
Boston 100 43 .699 New York... 74 70 .614
Baltimore ... 93 4U .655 Pittsburg ... 71 74 .4itO
Cincinnati .. 91 59 .607 i Louisville ... 67 78 .462
Chicago S4 63 .664[ Brooklyn .... 54 88 .3SO
Cleveland ... 79 65 .549 Washington.. 50 98 .338
Philadelphia. 75 69 .521' St. Louis 39 118 .248
WASHINGTON. Oct. 10.— The Bostons made
their bid for th« pennant stronger to-day by
defeating the Senators. Nichols pitched well.
A record for first base play was made by Smith
at first, with only one put-out. He missed one
other chance. Attendance, 1100. Score:
Clubs— K. H. E.
Washington 2 7 6
Boston 8 11 1
Batteries — Dinneen and McOulre; Nichols and
Bergen. Umpires — Connolly and Heydler.
LOUISVILLE, Oct. 10.— Hill wut very effec
tive until the seventh, when the Colonels laced
out four singles and a triple, netting: four runs.
Attendance, 1000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville 6 8 2
Cincinnati 8 8 2
Batteries— Cunning-ham and Kittredge; Hill
and Peitz. Umpires— Emslie and Warner.
BALTIMORE, Oot. 10— The ex-champlons
presented about the poorest exhibition of field
ing- seen here this year, and not until the ninth
inning did they wake up to the fact that a
championship game was Impending. With the
score 4 to 3 in favor of New York, ilcQraw
knocked a long fly to deep centrr, which en
abled Claras to -walk homo with tUa tielog run.
All of New York's runa were made on errors.
Attendance, 1049. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Baltimore —...... * 7 8
New York 4 9 3
Batteries— Me James and Clarke; Rusle and
Warner. Umpires — Gaffney and Brown.
Called at the end of the ninth Inning on ac
count o£ darknees.
PITTSBURG, Oct.' 10.— The same to-day was
full of fine pitching: and splendid fielding on
both sides. Not a Cleveland player reached
third base. Attendance, 1400. Score:
Clubs— I R. H. E.
Pittsburgh 4 *-•• 2 5 0
Cleveland J. 0 4 0
Batteries— TannehlH and Sehriver: Frazer and
Schreek. Umpires — Swartwood and McDonald.
BROOKI/FN, Oct. 10.— The Broohlyns tried two
of their colt pitchers against the Phillies to
day, and both turned out to be comers. They
were Howell. late of the Meriden, Conn., State
League, and Hopper, a Ridge wood, N. J.,
younggt*- with a Bouth-paw delivery. Attend
ance, C». Score:
Clubs— r. h. K.
Brooklyn — 7 18 2
Philadelphia 3 7 1
Batteries— Howell and Grim; Donahue and
McFarland.
Score second game:
Clubs— r. H . E ,
Brooklyn 0 4 3
Philadelphia 2 4 1
Batteries— Hopper and Grim; Plat't and Mur
phy. Umpires— Hunt and Andrew*.
Six innings.
DALY GETS A DECISION
OVER OWEN ZIEGLER
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.-After having
fought twenty-five rounds at 138 pounds
before the Greater New York Athletic
Club, to-night "Jack" Daly of Wilming
ton, Del., was given the decision over
Owen Zlegler of Philadelphia. This de
cision was unlooked for, as Ziegler seem
ingly had the better of the argument. The
spectators hooted and groaned when the
decision was announced.
Swordsman Ross Defeated.
TIFFIN, 0., Oct. 10.— Duncan C. Rosa,
champion of the world, has met his su
perior In Captain Peter Nagel of this city
who defeated him in a mounted broad
sword contest at the TifHn Driving Park
winning four out of seven bouts
SESSION OF THE
GOOD TEMPLARS
IT WILL CONVENE IN THIS CITY
THIS MORNING.
Programmes of Essays and Addresses
Arranged for the Four Days'
Meeting.
This morning the thirty-ninth annual
session of the Grand Lodge of California
of the Independent Order of Good Tem
plars will open In the parlors of tne
Howard-street Methodist Church.
The first day will be taken up with the
appointment of committees, reports from
the various committees and addresses for
the good of the order and upon the work
accomplished during the past year. Suc
ceeding: days .will be given over to the
discussion of new business, papers and es
says on the work of the organization and
how it can best be made more efficient,
resolutions and the election of new om
cers.
The sessions of each day will be lor
members only, but the evening pro
grammes will be open to the public. The
first open programme will be given this
evening, when, so far as the public is
concerned, the session of fhe Grand Lodge
will commence. Mayor FTlelan will wel
come the visiting delegates on behalf of
the city, and the response on behalf of
the Grand Lodge will bo made by Theo
dore D. Kanouse, G. C. T. of California.
Uther addresses wil be made by iNlles I
Searls. J. M. Walling, Mrs. Dorcas J. ;
Spencer^ Rev. Theodore F. liurnam, Pro
fessor E. Knolton, Mrs. E. ~M. North, Mrs.
Belinda Bailey and George D. Kellog.
A reception committee consisting of
Professor William Crowhurst (chairman),
Miss Nellie Morton (secretary), Mrs. R. j
K. Felice, Mrs. S. L. Robbins, Mrs. Hat- '
tie Williams, F. W. Carpenter, W. J. En- \
gle, Mrs. M. M. Carpenter, Miss Kate :
Simmons, Charles Wlnchell, F. A. Anth
ony, Mr. Gustafson, Mlbs Johnson, Joseph
Homan, Rev. T. F. Burnham (M. A.), !
Mrs. M. P. Webster and E. Fintelman '
has been appointed to care for the out of
town members and their friends, and
everything possible will be done to make
their stay pleasant and profitable.
To-morrow's programme will be devoted '
to essays by F. A. Anthony, Mrs. Clara
Crowhurst, Lewis E. Goble, G. D. Kellog ;
and Mrs. G. Schadt, and addresses by j
Rev. Philip Graif, Professor William :
Crowhurst and William H. Barnes.
Thursday the election will be held, and on
Friday the business of the session will be j
brought to a close.
Th« Good TeTnplars were organized in !
this State In 1855 by the formation of
Pacific Lodge No. 1. The order takes an
advanced position on all qnestions of tem
perance reform, and has for its funda
mental principles truth, rectitude, virtue
and sobriety; total abstinence from all in
toxicating drinks as a beverage, and well
directed and human efforts to reclaim
the fallen and to save others from falling.
.■ ♦ ■
The Fair at St. John's Parish.
The grounds of St. John's Church are
ablaze with light from many lanterns of
beautiful hues, and the guests of the fair
which is in progress are lighted to the
assembly hall where the festival is held..
The ladies of the parish have spared
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OUR ADDRESS
Is always asked for when the faultless
beauty of the linen laundered here Is
displayed on shlrtfront, collar or cuff.
It is our best recommendation. We are
always reliable and prompt, and never
fail to give complete satisfaction.
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 42a
Dinner up in the clouds.
Next Sunday, full course
French dinner, with Chauche
& Bon's Sauterne, $i.
Rotlßßerle. )slh yipcxv Coil bujjflljijj^
neither time nor money In their efforts
to make the fair a success, and the at
tendance shows how well they have ac
complished their object. The decora
tions of the hall are especially worthy of
notice, and the interior presents the ap
pearance of a veritable fairy land.
WHITE WINGS TO FOLD.
Close of Yachting Season at Hand.
An Entertainment.
The directors of the San Francisco
Yacht Club held a meeting yesterday at
the Merchants' Exchange, at which the
following: were present: Commodore Dr.
T. L. Hill. Vice-Commodore G. T. S.
White, Secretary C. B. Hill. Financial
Secretary W. G. Morrow, Treasurer R. B.
Hogue and Measurer J. M. Punnett. The
club Intends to hold an entertainment in
its house at Sausalito on Saturday even
ing, October 29, as a wind-up to the sea
son. The following were appointed a com
mittee to take charge of the entertain
ment: G. T. S. White, W, G. Morrow, L.
Q. Haven, George Story and H. B. Madi
son. Transportation from San Francisco
to Sausalito and bark again to the city
in good time to catch the late cars will
be provided. The California* will also
hold their closing night on October 29
but October 2 is already taken, by the
Corinthians, and October 15 ia too early
to allow the committee enough time, and
November t> seemed too late in the year
Ex-Commodore I. Gutte's schooner
Chispa has already gone to moorings
north of the Sausalito ferry slip for the
winter, and E. C. Bartlett's yawl Frolic
has put on her winter suit of sails The
winds have already fallen so light that
yachtsmen do not feel certain of making '
their moorings In good season, and by the
end of the month most of the yachts will
be laid up.
Parade Committee Appointed.
The following committee has been ap
pointed by President Charles Albert
Adams of the California Associated
Cycling Clubs to take charge of the Good
Roads' parade, which ia to be held
shortly:
Executive— Geore*? Aimer Newhall, Henry J.
Crocker, James MoXab, E. B. Jerome, J. A.
Woodson, F. N. Bent, S. J. MoKnlg-ht.
Finance— Jamps M. Hamilton, Harry Larkln,
George L. Taylor.
Hall and Speakers — Edwin Ooeller, Leon
Samuels, D. L. Farnsworth.
Parade — William J. Kenney, George Hum
phrey, I. Schwartz.
Prizes— Kmll Fahrbach, Charles Trolltet, J.
H. iJawson, M. E. Galnes, Geor«e Payton.
Press— H. D. Clark. H. W. Scalding, C. N.
Ravlin, D. E. Williamson. P. W. Horton.
Heyman Piano Recital.
Katherine Heyman, a young- Californian
who has been studying abroad under emi
nent masters for a number of years, will
prlve the first of a series of three con
certs at the Sherman & Clay Hall thla
evening. She will play Liszt's fourteenth
rhapsodic and numbers by Brahms, Vog
rich, Raff, Liadoff and Rachmaninoff.
Died in Manila.
George P. Dunphy, a blacksmith on
board the U. S. S. Monadnock, met death
while on shore in Cavlte. It is thoueht
his death was the result of a Spanish
bullet. Dunphy was weTl-known in this
city. He served his apprenticeship at the
TTnion Iron Works.
HUDYAN BID IT
Yes, HUDYAN is the true nerve-builder.
Many men and women are ready to testify
to that HUDYAN did it. HUDYAN does
do. HUDYAN euraa. Just as certain as
you are a foot high, so certain will HUDYAN
cure you.
HUDYAN cures Nervous Weakness, Men-
tal Depression, Hysteria, Numbness, Tremb-
, ling, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Pains in the
Ghouider, Pains Up and Down the Backbone.
HUDYAN cures Nervousness, Melancholia,
Nervous Debility, Exhausted Nerve Vitality.
HUDYAN cures Sleeplessness, Palpitation of
the Heart, Sick Headache, Indigestion, Loss
of Appetite. HUDYAN cures. Call or
write for free oiroulars.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Ellis, Stockton and Market Sts,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
DR. ED. E. HILL
For CORONER.
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND PEOPLE'S
PARTY NOMINEE.
Mr. Wilson : I knew an Ohio farmer tsamet» Enochs. If#
was about fifty yean; old and was bothered for years with some '
trouble the doctors didn't understand. He told me the story
himself. "I kept getting weaker," said he, - and fairry got a*
weak my food done me no good, what HttJe I did eat, and 1
went from 135 pounds down to 98." It was the droggistwho
suggested, that he try Ripans Tabules, and he says that he-had A
not used a dozen of them before he felt much better, and after
ft month he was cured Bound and well, W m less than a year
weighed 150 pounds. For a long time he had *W4 «>±ox, bat
to-day his complexion is as^oo4-as:.wte^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HON. JULIUS KAHN,
I HON. FRANK McGOWAN
AND
! COL. T. V. EDDY
WILL
V. ADDRESS
THE
PEOPLE
AT
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE,
FIFTH STREET,
NEAR MARKET,
ON
WEDNESDAY
EVENING.
MUSIC AND CAMPAIGN SONGS.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIfiHT!
GRAND
RATIFICATION
GRAND
RATIFICATION
MEETING.
DEMOCRATIC
Municipal Nominees.
METROPOLITAN HALL,
FIFTH STREET.
ALL THE CANDIDATES WILL APPEAR.
FOR
MAYORS
JAMES D. PHELAN,
REGULAR
DEMOCRATIC
AND
NON-PARTISAN
NOMINEE.
FOR...
SHERIFF',
T. F. BONNET,
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND NON-
PARTISAN NOMINEE.
FOR ASSESSOR,
PARTISAN NOMINEE.
FOR ASSESSOR,
JOHN D. SIEBE
(PRESENT INCUMBENT),
EEPDBHCAN, NON-PARTISAN AND FOP-
PLIST NOMINEE.
WFOJI
COUNT* CLERK.
M. A. DEANE,
REGULAR
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
E. L. FITZGERALD
(LABOR COMMISSIONER)
FOR
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR.
DEMOCRATIC AND POPULIST NOMINEH.
For radge of tie TJTJf|T|Tin DflDTimT
superior conn... BflUUBu- DuKUilrl
DEMOCRATIC. "xOX-^ARTI'sAN AND PEC
PLJE'S PARTY NOMINEE.GAGE BEGINS HIS
TOUR OF THE SAN
JOAQUIN VALLEY
Republican Standard-Bearer Wel-
corned by a Mighty Throng
at Bakersfield.
Magnitude of the Demonstration Evidence That
Kern County Is Lost to the Single-
Tax Apostle.
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 10.— Henry T. |
Gage, Republican nominee for Gover- ;
nor, to-day bepran his tour of the great
Ban Joaquin Valley, invading the field
which the Magruireites claim as their j
Btrong-hold. The standard bearer of the
Republican legions, accompanied by
Hon. E. F. Preston, arrived in Bakers-
field at T o'clock this morning. The I
party was received at the railroad sta
tion by Chairman A. C. Maude and
Secretary S. N. Reed of the Republican
County Central Committee and es
corted to tho Southern Hotel.
An informal reception to afford the j
people an opportunity to grasp the
hand of Mr. Gage was held at the
Southern Hotel this afternoon. This
event was announced by an artillery sa
lute. While the people were coming
and going Professor Alvord's band
played patriotic airs. Populists and
Democrats Joined the Republicans in
greeting the popular leader.
During the past two weeks there has
been a marked change of public senti
ment in Kern County and the change is
in favor of Henry T. Gage. This fact
Is readily admitted by Democrats and
Populists. Republicans may be over
confident when they assert that Kern
County, which gave Bryan 400, will next
November return a majority for Gage
and Neff, but they base their estimates
on oral and written declarations of
Democrats and middle-of-the-road
Populists.
A leading Populist of Tehachapl,
writing to "W. R. Crawford, regular
Populist nominee for Assemblyman,
says the Kern County district is greatly
Incensed over the decision of the court
which excludes the regular Populists
from a place on the ticket. He ad
vises his party friends to shun Ma
guire and support Gage. Old-time
Democrats, and particularly the ex-
Confederates, of whom there are many
In Kern County, scorn Maguire for his
unpatriotic attitude In Congress to
ward the American soldiers.
By 7 o'clock an assemblage numbering
more than 3000 people surrounded the
beautifully decorated rostrum on Ches
ter avenue. The managers of the meet
ing, judging by the demand of the Ma
guire turnout, had provided seats for
1000. When the multitude gathered to
hear Gage and Preston grew to 3000 or
more all doubt as to the position of
Kern County in this battle vanquished.
It was noted as a significant fact that
the vast audience remained until the
close of the speeches.
The people were called to order by A.
C. Maude, chairman of the County
Central Committee. He introduced as
president of the meeting Hon. W. H.
Scribner. The president simply ac
knowledged the compliment bestowed,
and announced the following vice
presidents:
Sol. Jewett, Wellington Canfield, Rich
ard Hudnut, F. A. Tracey, John Barker,
D. G. McLean, X W. Craig, Wilmot
Lowell, Charles Ankrum, L. P. St. Clalr,
James L. Depauli, P. W. Bennett, C. H.
Emery, Walter James, Andrew Brown,
John M. Keith, D. M. Pyle, J. S. Ellis,
J. W. Wiley, J. R. Withrow, Max Nunez,
E. Dinkelspiel, C. E. Arnold, R. Fris
selle, C. Wirth, C. J. E. Taylor, D. S.
Cioverdale, C. L. Conner, Dave HJrah
fleld, Andre Valenzule.
J. C. Needham was the fh^st speaker
introduced. He delivered an excellent
address, full of good points, and gained
the favor of the throng.
The introduction of Henry T. Gage as
"the next Governor of California by
10,000 majority" was the signal for a
mighty shout and prolonged demon
strations of welcome. Mr. Gage spoke
for one hour and twenty minutes, and
maintained the undivided attention of
the audience throughout the discourse.
.The throng to a man remained until
the finish of his speech. His voice did
not fail him for an instant, and he
could be heard distinctly by the people
who were crowded on the balcony of
the Arlington Hotel, and others who
stood a half block distant from the
speaker's stand.
His speech to-night was In many re
spects his best effort of the campaign.
It was a masterly review of the vital
Issues of the day. He demonstrated to
the Jeffersonian Democrats that they
had no ticket to vote except one on the
line of the Republican principles. He
submitted to the Populists that they
had been betrayed by the party of con
fusion. He contended that a vote for
the Maeuire confusionists was a vote
for dishonest money, free trade, finan
cial ruin and single tax.
Mr. Gage fully elucidated the single
tax proposition as applied to the mines
and scored a great success in this line.
In closing the standard-bearer promised
that if elected Governor he would give
the people of the State a clean, honest
and businesslike administration. The
effective points— and there were many—
in Mr. Gage's address were applauded.
Frank Short of Fresno was intro
duced, but it was obvious that the cam
paign had so used up his voice that he
could not speak without great effort. He
excused himself, therefore, from say-
Ing more than a word of thanks for the
honor of being presented to the mag
nificent audience.
The Introduction of Hon. E. F. Pres
ton was the signal for another great
demonstration. He recalled some inci
dents of an address delivered here in
honor of the extension of the Valley
road to this city. He remarked that the
Valley road was not in politics, and in
cidentally referred to the absurd ru
mor that the road had sold . out to the
monopoly. He called the attention of
his hearers to the circulation of this
rumor at a time when the surveyors
■were in Tejon Pass and when men were
speeding across the Atlantic to estab
lish a competing: line of steamships
rrom San Francisco to the Orient. This
reference elicited great cheering from
the multitude. He remarked that he
and others connected with the Valley
road were in politics before the , road
as incorporated and did not feel that
they had lost their rights to be inter
ested In the affairs of the people or to
address them on affairs of the day be
*f"fV * were Interested in the con
applause ) a campetln e road - (Great
' '" re ard t0 the settlement of the
railroad question Mr. Preston declared
there JI aS one way of settling It, and
that was with steel rails- and locomo
tives owned by en other than those
connected with the monopoly • -
A ,When Mr Preston asked the people
assembled there If they were satisfied
•with the administration of William Mo- j
Klnley they shouted "Yes." The speaker
then asked that the President be sus
tained. The audience applauded the
sentiment that the flag should wave
where it had been placed by the valor
of American soldiers.
EATON FOR MAYOR
OF LOS ANGELES
Republicans Name Him
by Acclamation.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
LOS ANGELES.Oct. 10.— The Repub
licans of Los Angeles City to-day gave
evidence of their enthusiasm for Gage
and the Republican State ticket. The
convention with its 417 delegates was
convened at Hazard's Pavilion at 11
o'clock in the forenoon. The commit
tee on platform made an extended re
port, commending the Seventh Regi
ment for its heroic self sacrifice in the
cause of humanity. On the water ques
tion the platform reads as follows:
Resolved, That we are in favor of mu
nicipal ownership of a complete domes
tic water system which will supply to
every inhabitant and every interest with
in the limits of the city an ample
and cheap supply of pure water without
the annoyance of petty regulations and
exactions prescribed by the existing com
panies.
And we further declare that we are un
alterably opposed to a renewal of the
lease of the Los Angeles Water Company,
or to granting said corporation, or any
other corporation, firm or person whatso
ever, any privilege of franchise for the
sale or distribution of water in and for
said city of Los Angeles.
We pledge the nominees of the Repub
lican party, in this convention named, to
proceed at once to provide an adequate
nigh-level gravity supply of water from
Los Angeles River; to construct necessary
conduits and reservoirs for the convey
ance and storage of the same; to lay the
necesary mains and supply pipes of ade
quate capacity for the distribution of a
liberal supply of water where no service
now exists and to lay mains of suffi
cient size throughout the present distrib
uting system of the city where under
sized mains are now made to perform
very unsatisfactory service.
William J. Hunsacker made his Ini
tial appearance before the Republican
convention by placing Fred Eaton in
nomination for Mayor. Mr. Hunsacker
Is a gold Democrat. Eaton^s nomina
tion was made by acclamation amid
tremendous applause.
John H. Drain was nominated for
Street Superintendent.
STANFORD MEN CHEER
FOR GAGE AND LOUD
Enthusiastic Demonstration in Which
Many Professors and Students
Participate.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 10.— A largo and en-
Joseph P. Kelly, Independent Candidate for Congress From
the Fourth District.
thuslastlc meeting was held here this
evening under the auspices of the Palo
Alto Republican Club. The seating ca
pacity of Fraternal Hall was taxed to Its
utmost. Professor S. J. Brun presided,
and among the vice-presidents were many
Stanford professors. The Stanford Uni
versity Club was there in force and
marched to the hall headed by the Uni
versity band.
Professor Brun in a forcible speech ex
plained why he was a Republican and his
manner of conducting the meeting proved
that he is thoroughly alive to the Issues
of the campaign. The professor intro
duced Congressman Loud, who was re
ceived with enthusiastic applause. Mr.
Loud Bpoke in his usual forcible manner
for an hour and the closest attention was
given him by the audience, whose fre
quent applause demonstrated that his ar
guments were well received.
Mr Bailey, president of the Gage Re
publican Club of Stanford, was then
called for and introduced. In his remarks
he took occasion to refer to the state
ment published In the Examiner to the
effect that three-fourths of the students
would oupport Magulro for Governor. He
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1898.
HON. E. F. PRESTON in Some of His Characteristic Attitudes.
t emphatically denied this, and said that
over 80 per cent of the students certainly
would vote for Gago. He declared that
while there were but fifty members in
the Maguire Club, tht-ro wtre over 200 in
the Gage Club at Stanford University.
HARBOR CLUB JINKS.
Republicans on the "Water Front Pre
pared for a Big Time To-Night.
The Harbor Republican Club Tvill have
a "smoker and jinks" this evening to
, which all those who are engaged In busi
i ness along the water front and intend to
I support the Republican ticket are cor-
I dially invited. Hon. Charles L. Patton,
j Julius Kahn, Henry S. Martin, W. A.
Deone. I>. J. Murphy Martin Fragley,
John D. Slebe, H. L. Joaehimsen and sev
eral others will give short talks. There
will be music, and' during the evening
■ light refreshments will be served.
Charles L. Patton Club.
The Charles L. Patton Club of the Thir
tieth Assembly District held» a meeting
Saturday evening. The club indorsed the
candidates and platform of the Republi
can party. The following named gentle
men were elected officers of the club:
President, M. J. King; vice president,
Horace Jackson; secretary, John T.
Lucy; treasurer, D. J. Crane; sergeant at
arms, H. Jacobs; executive committee —
J. F. Twomey, R. Cox, Charles Johnson,
W. R. Hopkins, J. Crane, Aleck Sadler,
J. Kelly, J. Chellne, O. L. Devoto; finance
committee — H. Jackson, M. J. King and
John T. Lucpv; campaign committee — C.
Berliner, J. Fallon, F. E. Wallace and J.
IE. Roach. The club was addressed by
Charles L. Patton, Julius Kahn, L. A
Devoto, John A. Hoey W. A. Deane E
I. Sheehan, Dr. W. H. Hawkins, M. Frag
ley, Henry Martin, C. F. Curry and
George W. Root.
The speakers were tendered an enthu
siastic reception.
Martin Fragley Club.
The Martin Fragley Club of the Thirty
sixth District was organized at Twenty
fourth and Castro streets last evening with
the following officers: President, Joseph
P. Duffy; vice president, John J. Doyle;
secretary, Michael Nolan; financial sec
retary, Harry Barber; treasurer, A. Duf
fee; sergeant at arms, Joseph Fay. Sixty
three members signed the roll. Speeches
were made, by A. H. Merrill, Frank W.
Burnett, Arthur Attridge, Alonzo David
son and Albert Mahoney.
Colored Equal Bights League.
The Colored Equal Rights Union
League met last night at 765 Market
street. Speeches were made by H. Haw
kins and members of the league. The
meeting adjourned until next Thursday
evening. .
JOSEPH KELLY
DENOUNCES
JIM BARRY
Charged With Polit
ical Chicanery.
PAST RECORD OF BAD FAITH
AN OLD GRUDGE THAT NOW
SEEKS SATISFACTION.
A Warm. Opening Speech Delivered
by the IVian Who Is Running
as an Independent Can
didate.
Joseph P. Kelly, Independent Demo
cratic candidate for Congress from the
Fourth District, made his initial cam
paign address last night before the In
dependent Democratic Club in Harmony-
Hall on Jackson street, near East. Near
ly 500 sailors and residents of the district
listened to Mr. Kelly and cheered his
efforts. He was Introduced by Chair
man John Maloney and spoke for nearly
an hour.
Mr. Kelly explained his reason for en
tering the present campaign as an inde
pendent candidate against James H.
Barry and Julius Kahn, the Republican
nominee, in the following words: "I have
been a candidate in the Fifth Congres
sional District as the regular Democratic
nominee and would not have been a can
didate in the Fourth District had it not
been for the fact that Mr. Barry, the so
called regular Democratic nominee, was
an aspirant for the office in that district.
"The reason why I speak of Mr. Barry
as being the so-called regular Demo
cratic nominee in the Fourth District is
because he has never been a Democrat
and never was entitled to Democratic
support. He twice defeated ex-Judge
Ferral for Congress by putting in the
field and supporting an independent can
didate, with the result that Hon. W. W.
Morrow was elected once, and John T.
Cutting at another time. Another rea
son why he does not deserve his party's
support is that when the late Hon. Frank
McCoppin, ex-Mayor and ex-postmaster
of this city, was nominated for Congress
in the Fourth District Mr. Barry brought
Charles A. Sumner from Stockton and
placed him in the right as an Independent
candidate. Had Mr. Sumner not been a
candidate Mr. McCoppin would have been
elected by a plurality of 800 votes.
"Four years ago Mr. Barry spoiled
things in the Fifth Congressional District |
by supporting the candidacy of James
Denman, one of the committee of one
hundred job chasers, which showed that
Mr. Barry was again a tool in behalf of
the railroad and the Republican party by
advocating Denman and electing Eugene
F Loud. Again, two years ago, at Ked
wood City, on the 20th day of July, Mr.
Barry Mr. Clunie and myself were can
didates for the nomination of Congress
man from the *ifth Congressional Dis.
trict After we were placed in nomina
tion we were called before the conven
tion to express our views. Each of us
pledged himself to support the nominee
of the convention, whoever he might be.
The nomination was awarded to me, but i
Mr. Barry proved false to his promise. |
He' endeavored to secure the nomination I
at the hands of the so-called fusion com
mittee, but was beaten by one vote. The
fusion convention gave the nomination to
a man who never denied and under his
own signature admitted that he was a j
member of the American Protective As-
sociation. ,
"In violation of his promise which he
made before the convention he espoused
the cause of this A. P. A., Kinney, as
against the nominee he previously prom
ised to support.
"Mr. Barry has made repeated asser
tions in his paper that he was opposed
to the American Protective Association.
I regret that that issue was ever brought
into the fight, notwithstanding that I
respect a man who has regard for prin
ciple, but I do not respect a hypocrite.
1 have been reliably informed and will
prove that in ISB6, or thereabouts, an or
der was formed here called the Patriotic
Sons of America, the object of which wa*
to prevent Catholics becoming members
of the Board of Education, and at that
time Mr. Barry was a member of one of
the councils thereof."
Mr. Kelly then discussed national la
sues. He said the railroad was an issue
in the present campaign. He dwelt at
some length on the funding bill and told
why true and tried public servants J
should be elected to fill the high office j
to combat Its passage. He said he was j
in favor of territorial expansion and the I
Nicaragua canal. Mr. Kelly won the
sailors by assuring them, if elected, he
would do all In his power to ameliorate
their condition. At the conclusion of hia
speech he was greeted with hearty ap
plause.
THE SLATE NOT READY.
Boss Phelan Will To-Day Name His
Campaign Committee.
The Phelan Committee of One Hun- i
dred Job Chasers, who have taken upon i
themselves the management of the local
Democracy, met last night In Native
Sons' building, but owing to the neglect
of the boss to arrange a programme no j
business could be transacted. Chairman
McDonald was absent, and Secretary
Walsh called the few members present
to order. He announced that it would
be first In order to elect a temporary
chairman.
Max Popper nominated P. H. McCarthy
and he was elected. Inasmuch as there
was not a quoruro present the secretary ;
did not call the roll.
"We are now ready for business," said
Chairman McCarthy.
"I move that the chair be instructed to j
appoint a campaign committee to con- !
slst of one member from each of the \
eighteen Assembly districts," chirruped ;
Charlie Fay, who handles Boss Phelans i
programme.
"Are the members to be chosen from
this body or selected at large?" inquired
Clitus Barbour.
"From this General Committee," an
swered Fay.
"I understand," ventured Barbour,
"that we can't find any one not a candi
date."
"Bosh!" exclaimed M. C. Hassett
Chairman McCarthy announced that it
would require time to make the select
tlons, so Dr. Beverly Cole kindly moved
that he be given all the time he required
to pick out a good committee.
As there was nothing else to do, the
Job chasers adjourned.
Chairman McCarthy will announce the
committee to-day, and to-mornow night
it will meet In the headquarters at 850
Market street.
FREESE ON THE WARPATH.
Captain A. C. Freese. who was "turned
down" for the nomination for Public
Administrator by Boss Phelan's Conven
tion of Job Chasers, and was afterward
defeated before the Democratic annex,
sometimes called the Non-Partisan con
vention, will make a fight to succeed
himself. He will go on the ticket by
petition. A petition was circulated
throughout the downtown mercantile
houses yesterday and received many sig
natures. Captain Frepse would not have
thought of running independently had it
not been for the attack made on his of
fice at the Democratic annex sideshow.
"I have lived here the better part of
my life," said he to a friend yesterday,
"and-- 1 cannot afford to allow the un
just attack on my administration go
without rebuke. I will run as an inde
pendent candidate, and when the ballots
are counted, after election,. it will be seen
whether my detractors have more friends
that I have."
Golden Gate Republican Club.
The Golden Gate Republican Club met
last night at Metropolitan Hall, M. H.
Morgan in the chair. J. J. Cronan acted
as secretary.
Speeches were made by T. Gunnler, R.
C. McComber and A. B. O'Brien, in which
the Republican party was eulogized and
declared to be a sure winner in the pres
ent campaign.
P. B. Gallagher was indorsed by the
club by a standing vote for the position
of Superintendent of Public Instruction.
The meeting adjourned until next Thurs
day night.
Students' Club Meeting.
The Students' Club of the Twenty
eighth Assembly District held a large and
enthusiastic meeting at 29 Hunt sfreet,
near Third, last evening. T. S. Cotter,
president, opened the meeting with a neat
speech and "thanked the members for the
large attendance. The club indorsed A.
B. Treadwell for Police Judge and W. A.
Deane for County Clerk. The next meet-
Ing of the club will be held an Thursday
evening, October 13. Candidates are in
vited to attend and address the meeting.
Nominated for the Assembly.
James H. Kelly, a plumber, living at
282S Pine street, has been nominated by
the Phelan Democracy for the Assembly
from the Fortieth District. The district
Is about 600 Republican, but Kelly hopes
to make a winning fight.
Julius Kahn Club.
The Julius Kahn Republican Club of
the Thirty-first District met last night
at Tierney's Hall. There was a large at
tendance. Edward Sheahan, M. Pragley,
Thomas Graham and M. K. Tierney ad
dressed the meeting. The club decided
to attend the meeting to be addressed by
Julius Kahn at Metropolitan Hall Wed
nesday evening In a body.
REPUBLICANS
ARE MAKING A
WINNING FIGHT
Are Gaining Strength
in the City.
MANY DEMOCRATS REVOLT
THEY OBJECT TO THE METHODS
OF BOSS PHELAN.
Arranging for Republican Mass
Meetings to Be Held in Every
Assembly District Before
the Campaign Closes.
The campaign committee of the Repub
lican County Committee will meet within
the next few days to map out a plan of
campaign. The committee will meet in
conference with the local candidates
and discuss the municipal situation. The
most encouraging reports are being re
ceived daily and there Is every indication
of a glorious victory on November 8. Be
fore the campaign closes the candidates
will make a tour of every Assembly dis
trict In the city and become personally
acquainted with the voters. While no
plan has yet been arranged, it is very
probable that mass meetings will be held
In every Assembly district.
The Republican party is now in better
condition than it has been in many years.
The party is not alone united, but it is
thoroughly organized in every district.
The distrtct clubs organized a few wet-Ks
ago have large membership rolls and the
campaign work is steadily going on.
The candidates will not confine their ef
forts to these meetings alone. They have
been for the past week canvassing the
city from one end to another and much
food work has been accomplished. Ihe
istrict meetings held by Henry T. Gage,
the gubernatorial candidate, and Charles
L. Patton, the leader of the local ti'-'-.-t.
resulted in arousing the interest pi all
Republicans. Wherever Gage and Patton
spoke they made man'- friends for both
the State and local tickets.
Patton is making an energetic cam
paign and is steadily drawing to him
many of Mayor Phelan's former ardent
admirers. Pnelan is fast losing ground,
and many old-time Democrats who never
voted anything but the straight ticket
are openly announcing their intention of
standing by the Republican nominees this
time Th«" "slate" work of Boss Phelan s
Mutual admiration Society of One Hun
dred Job Chasers and the Democratic-
Annex that posed as a Non-Partisap
convention thoroughly disgusted the lo
cal Democracy. That there Is an open re
volt against Phelan and his nominees
cannot be denied, and it is steadily grow
ine in strength. Each succeeding day
diminishes the chances of the Democrats
and makes more certain a Republican
victory.
Acting Without Authority.
The following communication has been
received at this office:
Editor Call: Acting as chairman of the
Young Men's Republican Club of the
Thirty-fourth Assembly District. I wish
to >uato that this club has been misrep
resented by a few of the young men in
this district as their club, and represent
ing themselves as such to candidates for
the purpose of extorting money from can
didates. Now, there is no representative
of our club f'-r that purpose. Hoping this
meets with your approval and will appear
in your valuable paper, I remain, yours
respectfully, T. J. LYNNGREEN.
The officers of the club are: T. J. Lynn
green, president; William Casey, vice
president- John Fitzgerald, financial sec
retary Joseph Collins, recording secre
tary;" William Fitzgerald, treasurer; P.
Murphy, sergeant at arms.
German-American Democrats.
The German-American Thirty-fourth
District Maguire Club was organized last
evening with the following officers: Pres
ident. L. Luttringer; .vice president, F.
Herten; treasurer, F. Kunn; secretary. J.
G Kerth; executive committee, \vniiam
Gercken, F. Hanser, C. F. Sperling; com
mittee on membership, F. Wagner, F.
Cleis, F. A. Hellmuth, A. Meyer, E. Kre
sendahl.
The club was addressed by Dr. Magnus,
Oscar Hocks. M. Greenblatt and others.
liUrlinc Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkln gts. Swimming. Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Salt water direct from ocean.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ___~~.
Do You Want Strength?
;■ ■ -■ - - ■ ■ O
Do you realize that you are not the man you should be at your age?
Do you find your strength failing you, exposing the great drain that
has been sapping. the very life and ambition out of you? Does this
knowledge mar your life? Then it is time for you to look seriously to
your health. . You need such a remedy as Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt, "
from which you can absorb new strength and vitality. .It is a grand
remedy ' for any one who is weak in vitality, from whatever cause. :
A Grand Remedy for Weak Men.
DR. SANDEN— Sir: Six weeks ago I received your Belt, and I am proud to
say that it has helped me wonderfully. My back doesn't "bother me, : and the varicose"
veins are hardly noticeable. • The : drains have almost stopped. 'I. am much improved,
and am glad to "say the rupture Is one-third the size it was before using the Belt. The
Belt has done all you have claimed for it. -.1 remain, yours truly, ■--*,■;■
J. W. RICHARDS. Virginia City. Nev.
Toning and invigorating in its action, it has made hundreds of vig-
orous men out of as many weak, despondent fellows. It -will cure you
if you will try. it. :
"Three Classes of Men" '**■
»
Is a very valuable treatise on the restoration of strength.' It will point
out a means : by which you can become strong. It is sent sealed, free
to any address, or can :be ■■ had ion application at "the office.
: Don't X put it . off. Act to-day in a matter which concerns the hap-
piness not only of yourself, but of your family and friends, or your fu-
ture. You should not delay. Call or address,
DR. A.T,SANDEN, — — MBn ,.. wnßC ' *
708 Mirktt Stmt, Oonwr Kewny, Bmi Franoluj. NOT IN DRUG STOntS.
Office hours, Ba. m. :to Bp. m.; Sundays, 10 !,> q.nden-s" Electric Belt
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, CaL. 232 West , Dr - ° an a * n l Bln8 ln <?£,t- .tJ£:; '
Second street; Portland. Or.. 253 Washington ■?« "£ trnviuno ? ateniL- onTv •"
street;; Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; nor by tra%ellng agent*, only .
Dallas, Tex. 285 Main • street; > Butte. Mont.. ■■'' at our °' nee - y ■,
110 North Main street. ._■/ : *— ~ __ ' ..-.*<
A CAMPAIGN
ON COB PIPES
AND TOBACCO
"Billy" Schmidt Has
a Novel Idea.
BETTING ON SURE THING
ALAMEDA HAS TWO NAMES ON
THE STATE TICKET.
Captain Hackett Writes of What He
Will Do if He Succeeds in
Beating Dalton for
Assessor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 10.
A morning paper made a grievous error
to-day. It published an article laudatory
of Thomas Scott of Livermore. who is a
fusion candidate for the Slate Board of
Equalization, and stated that he was
"the only candidate on the State ticket
from Akimeda County." Airs. Fannie
Pugh, who for many years was a teacher
in the Oakland schools, is a candidate for
Superintendent of Public Instruction, be
ing nominated by the State Prohibition
Convention at Fresno and her friends ao
not appreciate the slight cast upon ncr
candidacy.
This evening the county Republican
candidates stormed Pleasanton. Tney met
in the largest hall, with many hundreds
of voters from the surrounding district,
and held a very enthusiastic meeting.
i here was a good musical programme and
band and the Interesting speeches of me
candidates were eagerly listened to and
warmly applauded. Pleaaanton is gener
ally regarded as being a Democratic dis
trict, but there was no evidence of it this
evening. On Saturday night the candi
dates were at Livermore, and nearly all
the tcrwnship turned out to hear them.
"BUIyV Schmidt of Berkeley after
Btudying the freak methods of politics for
some weeks, has announced a programme
that he declares will make successful nis
Independent candidacy for tHe Assembly.
"Bihy" always was regarded as a genius,
but his latest programme eclipses all for
mer efforts. He <1. clarea that he will
always have an audience when he makes
a speech, whether his auditors are in sym
pathy with him or not. He has ordered
five thousand corncob pipes, five thousapd
little pouches of tobacco, md has en«u«*t
the services of three of the cleverest col
ored minstrels to be lournJ m .v...... .
County. Schmidt will hire a big tent ana
intends to let a contract for cord wood,
and wherever the regular Republicans are
having a meeting in his district he will
pitch his tent across the street, distribute
nis pipes and tobacco." order his minstrels
to sing, light his bonfires and wih bid
everybody welcome. He also has sent an
invitation to a public debate to his oppo
nent. A. A. Mi-Keen, the regular Republi
can nominee, and on this occasion ne will
employ an extra band. The west end of
town "is therefore assured of a not
me H °B Rosenberg, the auctioneer and
renowned Populist lecturer, made a i-t
to-day regarding the election of Sheriff.
Rosenberg is a supporter of Oscar Fog
ers, against whom are running Lou.s
Schaffpr. Sam Heller and T. Landregan.
Rosenberg's bet was made with •»• vv.
Duttor T. whose favorite is Louis Sehaffer
"1 bet you ten dollars that Rogers isn't
third in the race." said Rosenberg with a
sneer Dutton covered the bet because
It is a foregone conclusion that Rogers
W "You areTfool." said Dutton "Roger,
will be first." "Then I win." sad Rosen
berg, and Dutton is still wondering.
Captain John Hackett, candidate for
County Assessor, has issued an address to
voters, in which he .calls attention to the
necessity for absolute justice in the office
he seeks and concludes:
"I am before you a* an independent can
didate, untrammeled and unpledged. I
have no promises to redeem and no
pledges to swerve me from the line of my
whole duty to the people. If my expecta-
Uons are "realized I shall enter upon my
official career with kindly feeling for all.
with malice toward none. It shall be mv
Tim and purpose to apply the rules of
fairness and equality alike to all.
Franklin K. Lane Indorsed.
The Sunnyside and Castro street Inde
pendent Political Club held its third
meeting at Haack's Hall. 701 Chenery
street, last evening. A motion carried
that Franklin K. Lane, candidate for
City and County Attdrney, be indorsed.
The club will meet again next Monday
evening.
56
TUESDAY OCTOBER 11, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager^
PUBLICATION Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main ISSS.
EDITORIAL ROOM> .217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
•THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In tbls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montlj
65 cents. >
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall, $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 903 Broadway
HEW YORK OFFICE Room ISB World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
Washington (D. C.) office .'. Rijifts House
C. C. CARLTON, Cot-respondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE ....Marquctte Building
C.GEORG£KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock.- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
atreet. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
Street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS
Baldwin— "The Dancing 1 Girl."
Columbia— -Elizabeth, Queen of England."
/ :rarnr- "The Wlfa '
Koroeeo < *--Tho Lights o London '
TlToll— ""h>' Circus Queen-"
Orphenm— Vaudeville.
Kew Comedy Theater—" The Slffnal of Liberty."
Alhambra, Eddy and Jones streets— Vaudevlll*.
'i).< Chutes— Pietro Marino, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
cijmpia-Corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Sutro's Baths— Swimming 1 .
Central Park— Circus. Saturday, October 15.
Rosenthal— Coming- in February. ________
AUCTION SALES. *
By Frank W. Butterfield-Thia day. October 11, Furniture,
at 613 :d.v street, at 11 o clock.
By Easton. Kldnd«« & Co —This day, October 11, Works of ,
Art, at Map • Room, Paluco Hotel, at 2 and 7:30 p.-m.
By G. 11. Ombaen ■ Co.— Monday. October 17, Real Estate
at 14 Montgomery street, .11 12 o clock.
LAYING OF c GHOST.
BELIEF in ghosts is not universal. Mysterious
noises of the night do not always impress. The
hearer, if not constitutionally timid, is apt to
Bay "rats" and to be literally correct. But over in the
jail at San Rafael there has been a ghost which had
almost attained to the dignity of years. Season after
season it has been in the habit of scaring innocent
men to confession and guilty men to death. It was no
foolish ghost, wasting us time and clanking its chains
for the mere fun of hearing them rattle. 4
However, even this ghost has been dissipated,
scattered, erased. It has become a memory. No
more as the graveyards yawn will it bask in the moon
light, and with hollow groan adjure the sinner to re
pent. For this particular ghost the jig is up. It has
been caught and found to be real meat. It wears
clothes and has a footfall such as can only be pro
duced by a material brogan.
The latest man on whom the ghost tried its dis
piriting tricks was not of a nature. When
he heard the wraith moaning in agony he remarked:
"Go chase yourself." As it shook its fetters, sighed,
wept, supplicated, he added: "Go on, you make me
tired." Then the ghost retreated. It was a sensitive
ghost, and did not fancy being monkeyed with.
Perhaps it is all right for a Sheriff to play bogie
when anxious to drive a prisoner to make a clean
breast of crime, but there are other methods which
commend themselves more strongly to the humane.
To the average transgressor the thumbscrew would
be a moderate instrument of torturv compared with
the gibbering goblin. If the Sheriff is not satisfied
with the ordinary methods of securing the truth let
him try the thumbscrew or adopt the hot and
effective pincers.
THEATER MANNERS AND CUSTOMS.
AANAGER FRAWLEY, in dismissing with a
Call reporter the nuisance caused by persons
who rush out of a theater just before the close
of the performance to the great annoyance of
all who wish to catch the closing words and note the
perfect finish of a well-acted play, made a subtle and
clever distinction between that form of offense and
those which are given by ordinary ill breeding. He
said the nuisance was the result rather of custom than
of manners. To show the correctness of this distinc
tion he pointed out that the boys in the gallery never
offend in that way, while in the highest society of
Boston, where manners are almost as sacred as acts
of religion, the offense is common.
Doubtless the rafrble that hastens to rush from a
theater will be much pleased with this distinction. It
will please them to learn that they are not guilty of
bad manners, but only of a social custom. None the
less they are a rabble, and their custom is just as crude,
coarse and disorderly as if it were bad manners.
That the gallery does not offend is not surprising.
It is well known that in every English-speaking coun
try at any rate the habitues of the gallery constitute
the best authority on dramatic matters that we have.
They are the best judges of what is true in nature and
in art, and also of what is due from an audience to
the actors and what is due to itself. If, according to
Mr. Frawley's distinction of words, it may be said
they have no manners, they have at least good cus
toms, and on that score arc better than the rabble in
the orchestra stalls by every true standard known to
gods or humanity.
It will be difficult to break up a custom sanctioned
by Boston and adopted with favor by people of self
satisfying manners elsewhere, even in our own artistic
city. Some men and some women will always delight
to stalk down the aisles after the general audience is
seated in order to show off. That sort of thing is done
even in the churches. Others will like to hasten out
before the curtain falls in order to have a chance to
rush the growler before they take the cars. It is cus
tom, and custom, it seems, is even greater than man
ners.
Difficult as may be the task of making this custom
so much more honored in the breach than the ob
servance that it will be no longer observed by any
body, it i* worth while making the attempt. It is al
ways worth while to fight a nuisance. If no other
means of shaming the rabble can be devised, the gal
lery gods might be authorized to hoot the custom for
a time. A few well directed volleys of "Cheese it,*
"Stag the geezer." "Get on to his nibs," "Contemplate
the dame." "Where did you get that tile?" "Sit down
on yourself." and other saber cuts of Saxon speech
might make the custom so uncomfortable that none
would dare to persist in it.
Esterhazy is likely to be expelled from the Legion
of Honor, but. if there is a Legion of Dishonor,any
where, he ought to make a star member.
The more California hears about the boys of the
F : «* the orouder the State feels.
THE MOGUIRE OF RECORD.
WE have from time to time presented Maguire's
record, as made by himself, in his speeches
and letters. Such a record is in evidence and
issue when a man becomes a candidate. No man can
suddenly take off the record and convictions and ex
pressions of a lifetime like an old coart and ask the
people to consider him as something other than he
has made himself. Maguire is very anxious to create
a record for Mr. Gage that Mr. Gage has not made
for himself. He strives to falsely create for Gage a
"railroad" record, when the real record of Mr. Gage
is entirely different. His law practice has been
against the railroad, not for it. He stood with the
people for San Pedro as against Santa Monica, and
his whole record is that a railroad should attend to
its legitimate business in a lawful and just way.
It is one of the amusements of the campaign that
Magiiire. while runnningaway from his ownrecord,tries
to invest Gage with a record that does not belong to
him. Nothing is more significant than Maguire's
silence on land confiscation. His record on that sub
ject is long and prominent. He has insisted that the
land-owners are a privileged class, and that their
privilege must be taken from them and their invest
ment in land destroyed. This rs his own language,
and he says that while it will be a hardship to the
land-owner it will not be unjust.
At the close of the last Presidential campaign he
printed in the Examiner of November 6, 1896, the
following letter:
"THE NEXT GREAT ISSUE.
"It may be that another great national campaign
must be devoted to restoring the liberty of the people
to use gold and silver freely and without limit as
money. If so, the land question may be thereby
further postponed, but it is coming, and it is near at
hand. Few, even of those who believe in it, realize
how thoroughly and how generally the single tax
idea is taking hold of the public heart. Already the
single-taxers demand that practical effort be com
menced immediately to force the issue into politics
in California.
''The Legislature will be asked at its next ses
sion to submit to the voters a constitutional
amendment remitting the whole question of taxa
tion for State, county and municipal purposes to
the Legislature as a first step toward the single
tax. The moment that amendment is submitted
the battle will be on in earnest.
"Educational work will be commenced at once, and
all who are willing to take part in the distribution of
literature in their several neighborhoods are requested
to communicate with James D. Reynolds Esq., 405
Montgomery street, in this city.
"The land question is the greatest and the simplest
of all possible political issues. It touches and materi
ally affects the interests of every human being, from
the richest landlord to the most miserable tramp.
"Every human being has a natural relation to the
land, the common heritage of all mankind from the
immediate gift of the Creator, which no human law
can, or ever could, rightfully cut off by any form or
system of land tenure (title).
"God intended that every- man, woman and child, in
all ages and generations, should have access to the
land which He has freely and abundantly supplied for
their support. The curse of undeserved poverty in
the world to-day is directly traceable to the perversion
of God's bounty by the monopoly of land, and the
modern spirit of altruism demands that it shall cease.
"Landlordism has never added the value of a farth
ing to the wealth, nor a joy to the world's stock of
happiness. It is a sordid, extortionate system which
compels the masses of God's children to pay tribute
to a few for the privilege of inhabiting God's earth.
It cannot be justified on any moral ground, and it
must ultimately fall and perish before the advancing
forces of social evolution which are ever carrying our
civilization to higher and higher levels.
"The single tax is the scientific and effective remedy
for land monopoly. It should be studied immediately
and earnestly by every man and woman who would
keep abreast of truth. JAMES G. MAGUIRE."
There is the same vitriolic denunciation of the land
owner that runs through all his speeches and letters.
It will be observed that he gave notice of the con
stitutional amendment No. 2, which, when submitted,
was to bring the battle on in earnest. That amend
ment was asked of the Legislature at its session fol
lowing this letter. It is now before the people. It
will have the vote of every land confiscator in the
State, as will Maguire. Its submission to the people
is concurrent with his candidacy, and yet he says land
confiscation is not an issue!
In 1896 he denied that any law can give a man ten
ure or title to land. Therefore the present land
owners, according to Maguire, do not own the land
they have paid for and have tilled and made fertile
and beautiful by their toil. It belongs to "the chil
dren of God," says this fanatic, who takes to himself
the office of telling mankind what the Divine purpose
is.
The land-owner who has earned the money as a
mechanic or a laborer to invest in real estate is to
have his investment destroyed because Maguirr de
nounces him as a "sordi<^ extortionist."
We object, in the interest of fair play and decency,
to the sinister and evasive and indirect method by
which Mapin're and the land confiscators are forward
ing their schemes. They coax amendment No. 2
through the Legislature of 1897, get it submitted to
the popular vote, refuse to discuss it and declare it is
not in issue; while they know that it was planned by
them two years ago, and that under it they expect to
destroy land titles and investments in this State.
They know, too, that a small minority of the voters
may adopt this amendment. The constitution only
requires that a majority of those who vote on an
amendment shall adopt or reject it. If there are 10,
000 land confiscators in the State they will lie low
and vote for amendment No. 2, while the land
owners, deceived by Maguire's deliberate misstate
ment that this question is not an issue, may omit to
vote against it. If 15.000 vote on the amendment and
only 10.000 are for it, it is adopted, and under it
Maguire can rarry out all his land confiscation
policy.
General Shafter explains that Richard Harding
Davis is disgruntled because the General chose to run
the Santiago campaign himself instead of turning it
over to the correspondent. This accords with a theory
that had already been advanced.
If the people of the South were to intelligently
combat yellow fever instead of going into a panic at
its first appearance every year, it is more than possible
that it might get discouraged and quit coming.
Perhaps it is as well that the Vizcaya cannot be
raised. The people of this country have never liked
that vessel much since its visit to New York while
the Maine was in the mud of Havana harbor.
It is not too much to say that General Wheeler
knows more of the conduct of the war than Editors
Hearst and Pulitzer could teli him.
When the Post speaks of the "Fal' and Rise of
Phelan" it has the processes reversed.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1898.
MR. PHELAN'S SIDE SHOW.
IN a letter to The Call published on Monday C. B.
Perkins, a conspicuous member of the Non-Parti
san "Convention," complains because a correspond
ent has referred to his party in these columns as a
"piece club.". He thinks the designation is discour
teous and insulting, and he declares that the respect
able citizens who compose the Non-Partisan party
do not deserve any such criticism. In his opinion
they ought at least to have the credit of unselfishness,
since they are devoting their time to the reformation
of local politics at considerable expense and personal
annoyance to themselves.
We agree with our correspondent in his objections
to the designation "piece club." The Non-Partisan
party is not a "piece club" in the obnoxious sense in
which that term is generally used; that is to say, it
does not sell its nominations and a majority of its
members are not looking for offices, as was recently
the case with Mayor Phelan's Committee of One
Hundred. As we understand the term, a "piece club"
is a club which for a specified sum will take a specified
political course, and it was to abate the evils of that
species of politics that the Legislature in 1878 passed
the anti-piece club act.
While the Non-Partisan party cannot be appro
priately called a "piece club," its recent course in poli
tics has laid it liable to charges of insincerity, bunko
steering, jobbery and bad faith. Had the Non-Parti
san convention demanded a "piece" for its nomina
tions it would to our mind have committed a less
grave offense against the people than it has perpe
trated by bargaining with Mayor Phelan's Demo
cratic machine. As a "piece club" its character would
have been apparent and its influence nil. Under its
present cloak of respectability it is enabled to bunko
Republican voters and deliver them to Democratic
candidates. In other words, it is serving the devil in
the livery of heaven and all the time holding up its
hands and declaring that it is a holy of holies.
Had the local Republican party nominated a weak
or unsatisfactory ticket we should have accepted the
judgment of the Non-Partisan convention without
comment. But as a matter of fact the Republican
candidates are generally men of high character and
proved integrity, and as such they were entitled to
Non-Partisan indorsement. Two-thirds of the Non-
Partisans are Republicans, and, all things being equal,
Republican candidates are at least entitled to their con
sideration. But Mr. Fitch's party not only nominated
Boss Phelan himself for Mayor in advance of all con
ventions, but it has indorsed nine of his Supervisors
and all his candidates for patronage offices'.' This has
been done at the behest of a ring of Democratic
politicians in the Non-Partisan "convention."
The Non-Partisan party should not be called a
"piece club," but a worse term might be invented to
fit its case. As now organized it is a contrivance for
bunkoing Republican voters into voting the Demo
cratic ticket, and as such it is a fraud of the first mag
nitude. However, as a tail to Phelan's kite it is bound
to lose its character and reputation. For all practical
purposes it might as well, therefore, be a "piece club."
It is certainly a Democratic side show, which, con
sidering the character of its membership, is equally
as disreputable.
THE RIGHT MAN FOR SHERIFF-
AMONG the Native Sons who have become
noted for public spirit and a patriotic regard
for the advancement of the city and the State
is Henry S. Martin, the Republican nominee for
Sheriff. A gentleman by birth and breeding, a heavy
taxpayer, representing the business and property in
terests of the city, genial and cordial in all tlie rela
tions of life, he has thoroughly merited the popu
larity he enjoys and the esteem in which he is held
by all classes of citizens.
While Mr. Martin has long been prominent in the
order of Native Sons, having for years held the office
of grand treasurer, and has at all times taken a keen
interest in public affairs and fulfilled the political
duties which our Government requires of a citizen, he
has never held office. Nevertheless few men are bet
ter known to the people. His strong and winning
personality has been felt throughout the community,
and he is everywhere recognized as one who can be
counted on to be faithful to every duty intrusted to
him.
His nomination for the office of Sheriff is one of
the best made by the Republican convention. To the
ticket, so strong in all respects, his name gives addi
tional strength. His fitness for performing the work
and sustaining the responsibilities of the place are in
disputable. His business qualifications and experience
will enable him to conduct the complexities of the
work of the office with an easy mastery of all its de
tails, while his high character and position in the city
are guarantees of the fidelity and integrity that are re
quired for the honorable performance of its duties.
Mr. Martin should have the support of all independ
ent voters as well as of Republicans. He is the right
man for Sheriff, and when elected will serve the coun
ty as efficiently as in the office of the grand treasurer
he has served the Native Sons.
Since five members of an immune regiment have
been shot to death in one day, the fact becomes evi
dent that the boasted immunity does not embrace
every possibility of soldier life.
Manager Frawley will have general sympathy in his
effort to make people manifest in the theater the same
evidences of Rood breeding that elsewhere would be
considered indispensable.
America is not too proud to acknowledge that in
the matter of taking care of an army far from its
base of supply, it has a few things to learn froic
General Kitchener.
From time to time pugilists announce that they are
ready to fight, but one thing which tends to check
sports is that no two of them get in this mood at the
same time.
Perhaps the easiest way out of it would be to write
a confession for Mrs. Botkin. persuade her to sign
it, and then hang her in the corridor of the city jail.
France doesn't know whether it is a nation or a
military bureau, and while the matter is under dis
cussion there is naturally a feeling of unrest.
Spain would sell us the Philippines for $400,000,
000, which might be cheap except for the fact that
we can have them for the taking.
Abuses now practiced in Cuba demonstrate that
the United States will be obliged to give the Cubans
a lesson in manners.
As Mayor Phelan "hefts" his chances of election,
his practiced judgment must tell him they are stead
ily growing less.
There seems to be a scheme to make Dewey an
admiral and Sampson a scapegoat. The latter will
not succeed.
The immortal proclamation of Lincoln was not
sufficient to cover the cases of the Chinese slaves in
this city.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
"THE COFFEE COOLER"— J. P.. City.
Frank P. Slavin beat "the Harlem Coffee
Cooler" in one round, in two minutes, in
London, England. March 11, 1595.
A ROSE JAR— Mrs. T. H. 8., City. The
following is given as the rule to be fol
lowed in preparing a rose jar: Sun dry a
quantity of leaves of the Black Prince,
Pauline or other fragrant roses. Place
these in the fancy Jar; add some clover
and cinnamon and a little alcohol. Just
enough to moisten tr.e leaves: then place
the jar for a time in the sun.where itmay
become warm, but not hot. xae cover
must be kept on while the jar is in the
sun. After that, when the cAver is re
moved, a most delightful fragrance is
emitted from the Jar.
AX ABSENT "BROTHER— A. S.. Oak
land. Cal. If your brother was on board
of the Olympia and you have not heard
frpm him, address a letter of inquiry to
"The commander 1 of the U. S. S. Olym
pia," and send it to the Navy Depart
ment at Washington, D, C, with a re
O`M ALLEY'S
REPORT ON
THE TICKET
The ticket's fn the field.
Jim Phelan's Committay
Did it.
Jim's a jewel.
The party is no*
Bossed.
But from the Pacific Union
Club, and
Not from Bush sXxtr
Hurrol
The swally tails Is
In it.
It was a sight,
That Committay of a
Hundred,
Which is the party.
Wid Phelan for Mayor,
Bonnet Tor Sheriff.
Well, he's Frinch,
And Barclay Henley—
Sez Max Pop, "He's
The noblest bolter ay
Thim all.
He bolted Cleveland
In Eighty Eigh^"
John P. Dunn
Was there,
And turned red
And yelled
"I bolted 'im in
Eighty-four," sez he.
"I'm senior bolter,"
vSez John P. Dunn.
And Stewart Menzies v
Well, he looked hungry,
An' he sez,
"Talk of appetite for
Office, Dunn and
Ould Horse Leech's
Daughter
Ain't in it wid me,"
Sez he.
An' Stradley said,
"Dunn, we carry
Carrion on our bones.
'Tis the flesh we got
In office from
Cleveland. I
Wish I cud earn
Some bread to
Git new meat
An me," sez
Stradley.
And Dunn sez,
"I'm used to that,
Walter. Give me
Office and I'll
Turn traitor
So quick
To get another,
Me flesh is hash."
Thin' Frank Sullivan,
It's Sullivan's Alley
W T here China ladies live,
And pay rint,
Kern in from the
Non-Partisans and
Deacorf Fitch
An' said, '
• We want Barclay
Henley
To catch the Mexican vote."
"Sure," sez Max Pop.
"He's been nominated an hour**
"All right," sez Sullivan,
Sez he; "We're non-
Partisan. non-American
An' for Phelan,
He's me brother
In iaw, an'
We want Henley,
For Maximilian made
Him a Mexican
An' a Count an'
We want the nobility
Wid us," sez Sullivan.
An' Jim Denman
Sez, "I'm a gold bug,
But not above pickin'
Up an office
An' pocketin' me principles
And a salary
Fwhin me flats won't rent."
"Is there any more
Bolters wants to be
Anominated?"
Says McGee. He
Was President, and
Has but one arm
Or he'd a been
Nominated for an office.
"It takes two hands,"
Sez Max Pop, "to
Make an office
Worth havin'.
Once I wished for
Three.
But I'm reformed."
"Begob it tuk a
Grand Jury to do it
He thought bcrryd
Money his own," sez
Barney Dougherty.
Whin the ticket
Was made
In the Committay an'
I very office that
Has other offices to
Give
Had been indorsed
By Mr. Sullivan in
The Non-Partisans,
Thin sez Phelan
To Sullivan, "Stop
Waggin' the tail an'
I'll take the dog
Home," sez he.
Sullivan's his brother
In law.
quest to forward. Inclose a self-addressed
and stamped envelope for a reply. By foi
lowing that course you may rest assured
that the letter will be forwarded to des
tination. You will have to watch the
daily papers for tike arrival of the trans
ports returning: from Manila. By inquiry
?t? t a f m S headquarters In the Phefan build-
Ing In San Francisco you will be directed
as to where you can learn the names of
all sick who return to this port from Ma
nila and from Honolulu. To ascertain if
either a soldier or a sailor was klllrd or
wounded in the service, address a com
munication to the Secretary of War if the
party was in the army, and to the Secre
tary of the Navy, if in the naval service,
fetate the particular branch of the service,
company, regiment or ship in or on which
the party inquired about was. when last
heard from, to facilitate the search.
808 FITZSIMMONS— Spreck
els, Col. Bob : Fltxslmmons was born In
I Elston," ; Cornwall, England, June )4, ISo2.
His father S was : a native "? of ; County
Cavan. Ireland, and his mother a native
of Truro, Cornwall, England. The Issue
of that union was seven sons ; and . five
, daughters. - Three of - the sons-James.
John and Henry— are dead. On« brother
I (Qerrett) Is a horseshoer in Tunara, 1 N.
i Z-): another brother (Arthur) is a coach
man in Sydney. N. S. W.. and the other
(William) is a printer In Philadelphia. Pa.
His sisters are: Mary. Jane. Margaret,
Bessie and Catherine. . Robert , is ,tn»
youngest of the family. HTs father served
twenty-two years In : the Inniskillen
Dragoons, and for many years served on
the police -force in England. He voted
with the Tories because he failed to re
ceive a pension, and, in when Robert
was 9 years of . age. he moved with his
family to New Zealand. : -m
CaL glace fruit 60c per lb at TownsetuT«.«
Special information supplied daily to
business house ■% and • public men by : th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's); 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 10*2. ■-'. •
Old Gentleman— Weren't you kissing my
daughter when I came in?. .rTTT. + -Xt'
: ; Young. Man— Yes. - sir. .- Have you - any
, apology to make?— Truth. .
: If ; you don't eat or sleep well, bay» head
aches and aix«y spells, try the genuine Im
ported Dis Blegert'e AngosturaYORKE ON THE
BOSS WITH
A PLUG HAT
Addresses the League
of the Cross.
CONFIDENCE IN THE PEOPLE
IHE BIRTHDAY OF FATHER
MATHEW CELEBRATED.
Pointed Words of the Priest Which
Reflect on the Present Political
Situation Hn Thi»
City.
An audience of 2000 gathered last even
lng at Metropolitan Temple to celebrate
•with the boys of the League of the Cross
the birthday of the good Father Mather
and to hear the Rev. Father Yorke
in his opinion of "the boss with a plug
hat." and by pointed allusion of the Grand
Kxalted Hffter.
Though the powerful words of Father
Yorke were in eulogy of the good Father
Mathew, whose splendid work of temper
ance was taken up by the League of the
Cross when he. perforce, had laid it
down, it was purely by antitheses that
these virtues were pointed out.
••BoysV said Father Yorke, "Father
Mathew understood his people and he
loved them, He did more, he trusted
them. They had their vices and their sin;?
and let me tell you that you will find
them everywhere. There are ills of the
body politic as well as personal ills, and
the "way to correct them is the same. It
was Father Mathew's way. He trusted his
people and did not try to force them with
law< that he had made, or with sermons
or anything of that sort. He went among
them with trust, he showed them by ex
ample a!'.d by homely comparisons the
• . of the right and the clean, and
they believed him.
"And. boys, if you want to succeed, it
be bo with your work and your gov- .
eminent. N<> matter what the newspaper? I
may say about fighting fire with fire, j
putting down a boss with overalls i
*boes v.ith a plug hat." you must I
trust the people; they will not be forced ■
oled. Show them the right and they
will take it if you trust them to do it. but
neither with one boss nor another can you
force them to it."
And in the same pointed strain Father
Yirke continued for as much as an hour.
By implication he warned his youth
ful charges against the evils of poli
tics and liossipm and uncleanliness in af
fairs of government, and as the most
horrible example held up to the ears of
his hearers "the boss with the plug hat."
BUSINESS SECRETS.
They Have Been Betrayed by Clerks
in the Custom-Hottse.
Collector Jackson yesterday issued the
following order to remedy an abuse to
•which his attention had been called by
Broker P. W. Bellingall:
Information has been filed In. this office re
porting and complaining that inward manifests
and tea lists are being consulted by Custom
house brokers having no business interest
therein or relation thereto, and are being
given out or access thereto permitted by some
perrons, clerks or others In the Custom-house.
Such practices ore distinctly disapproved and
forbidden by the regulations and Instructions
of this department at Washington, and this
•warning Is now given to all parties. in or con
nected in any way with the customs service here
that any further offense or complaint of the na
ture above suggested will be followed by a
rigid investigation or dismissal from the ser
vice, or denial of all business rights on the
floor of the Custom-house to any and all per-
Eons Implicated In such forbidden practices.
■ ♦ ■
Corrected With a Saucepan.
Bernaru McCarthy, 313 fourth street.
w(jnt home Sunday night and found his
wife under the influence of liquor He
struck her on the head with a saucepan,
inflicting a scalp w>und. McCarthy told
Joaehlmeen yesterday morning that his
wlf* got drunk and neglected her baby,
and it made him mad. Mrs. McCarthy
was in court, and refused to prosecute,
and at the request of Prosecuting Attor
ney Graham she took the pledge in court,
and the Judge dismissed the case against
her husband.
Damages for His Mother's Death.
William E. Flnlay, by his guardian,
Christina Shand, has sued the San Fran
cisco Breweries to recover 530.00Q damages
for the death of his mother, Isabella A.
Flnlay, who wan struck and killed by a
wagon, driven by one of defendant's em
ploye, at Bush and Larkln streets, on
August 29 last.
HAPLESS YACHTING PARTIES.
AFTER a pleasant day on the tr.y they could not make San Francisco nt nig>ht- The last boat "
had gone from Sauealito and the telephone man would not open up the offic-> fsr them- Soon ■
after leavino Richardsons Bay the rog settled on the water, and a sailing vessel, bound In, .
nearly ran_«ome of them down A more miserable night of it the people on the yacht*
never spent. It WM 4am yesterday before Black Point wa« made, and two-hours later before th«
worn-out pieaaure-eoeKer* could get a car for home. No more yachting for those excursionists lor
many * day.
FRIGHTFULLY CRUSHED BENEATH THE
WHEELS OF A LADEN BREWERY WAGON
JEREMIAH HAGGERTY, a driver's
I helper on one of the wagons of
U the Albany Brewery, at 571 Natoma
street, was frightfully crushed yes
terday beneath the wheels of his heav
ily laden truck. His injuries were the
direct result of a collision with a
Fourth-street electric car, and wit
nesses Fay that G. J. Hourihan. the
motorman, was guilty of gross care
lessness.
Haggerty was driving down Fourth
street from Market on his way to the
brewery with a load of empty barrels.
Xear the corner of Fourth and Natoma
)i»- drove to one side and stopped to
permit the passage of park-bound car
567. According to the story of wit
nesses the car was running at an un
due rate of speed, of which there was
no perceptible slackening as it ap
proached the crowded corners. The
front end of the car struck a pro
PASSED A
DREARY NIGHT
ON THE BAY
Yachts Which Failed
to Make Port.
EXCURSIONISTS IN TROUBLE
WOMEN WEPT ON LEARNING OF
THEIR PREDICAMENT.
A Dozen Parties From This Sid© of
the Bay Were Out Hunting for
the Missing One Durintr
the Night.
Yachting Is not all It Is cracked up to
be. At least a score of young men who
worked all yesterday in dirty shirts and
collars after a sleepless night think so
at any rate. Sunday was ideal yachting
weather and quite a number of sloops
were out. Among them were the Juanlta,
Catherine, Twilight and Sappho. On the
latter sloop Captain Lew Haven had the
lowa band and a few friends, while on
the Juanita Captain John Savery had
about twenty invited guests. On the Cath
erine there were twelve and on the Twi
light there were sixteen ladies and gen
tlemen.
The trip around the bay was a most
enjoyable one and toward evening the
yachtsmen saw thnt they were In for a
adjournment was made to the clubhouse,
and there everybody enjoyed a pleasant
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1898.
jecting step of the beer wagon and
Haggerty was thrown violently to the
pavement. He struck upon his face on
the curbstone, his body lying directly
before the front wheels of his wagon,
which passed over him, badly fractur
ing his left leg above the ankle. The
rear wheels of the heavy truck passed
over his chest, breaking several ribs
and inflicting internal injuries that
may yet result fatally*. Haggerty was
taken to his home, after being per
mitted to lie for nearly an hour's time
upon the sidewalk within a hundred
yards of the scene of the accident. A
physician was summoned, but up to
couple of hours. The captains of the
yachts noticed that the wind was falling
light and counseled a start for San Fran
cisco, but the ladies said there was plenty
of time, and thus another hour passed.
When everybody was finally aboard the
yachtsmen said that they were in for a
night of it. They tried all points of sail
ing, but could make no headway, so finally
an attempt was made to run through
Raccoon Straits in the hopes that there
wculd be a breeze the other side of Angel
Island. Whfcn no progreps could be made
in that direction all jollity went out of
the different parties, and some of the
ladies on the" different boats broke down
completely.
Seeing that it was impossible to make
San Francisco Sunday nigiit everybody
was anxious to let their friends and rela
tives knew that they were still in the
land cf the living, so the yachts oneo
m< re returned to Sausallto. The young
man in charge of the telephone was found
in bed and no kind of persuasion could
get him out of it. Even an offer of a
flO gold piece and double rates for his
company was not enough to induce him
tc leave' his comfortable quarters to ob.lge
fifty people who were anxious to allay
the fears of three times that many rela
tives. Then the women were broken
hearted, and it was a woe-begone crowd
that tramped back to the yachts.
It was getting along toward midnight
when another start was made for S.m
Francisco, and it was 4 a, m. yesterday
when the yachts drifted Into the cove
near Black Point. During the trip a fog
came up and the British ship Btar of
Russia, coming in from Antwerp, nearly
ran the Juanlta down. The band on the
Sappho enlivened the drifting match for
a while, but even the bandsmen suc
cumbed to melancholy, and it was a
dreary party that landed on the wharf
at Fort Mason. The first car of the
Hyde-street line bore them away, and it
is to be hoped that lapt night they all
slept well. . . ,
In the meantime the friends and rela
tives of the women on the boats were
nearly scared to death, and search par
ties were out from midnight until 10 a, m.
yesterday. Those who left the front at
that hour were in despair, but when, they
reached home found the missing ones had
been there hours before thorn. One of
the wharfingers had a scara over that
yachting excursion that he will not forget
in a hurry. .
Every available spot on the water front
is crowded with grain, and Assistant
Chief Wharfinger Scott is at his wit* enu
to know what to do with the shipments
that are pouring in. It has been the
custom to allow owners five days to re
move their grain from the front portion
of the grain sheds and fifteen days f<rr
the back portion. In view of the rush
these rules were changed yesterday, and
in future the grain merchants will only
a late hour last night the extent of
the man's injuries could not be deter
mined.
G. J. Hourihan, the motorman of car
567, was placed under arrest and
booked upon a charge cf battery. He
was later released on his own recog
nizance by Judge Mogan.
be allowed three and ten days, and even
that time will be shortened If possible.
Details of police from the Harbor Sta
tion have been sent to all the transports
and the corporal's guards from the Pre
sidio are again in evidence. The Indiana
Is at Pacific street wharf, the Ohio at
Lombard and the Senator at Broadway,
while the Valencia Is on the . drydock.
From this on no one but those hi. author
ity and those having a permit will be
allowed aboard those vessels.
The river steamer Mary Ellen Galvin
has been made some use of at last. -. She
was built for the Yukon River trade, but
was a failure, and Pat Galvin, her owner
would -not accept her. For months she
has been In the hands of the Sheriff, and
he is using her as an advertising board.
Needless to say that none but the cards
of Democratic candidates are displayed,
but then, as the money from that source
Is turned over to the creditors of the
steamer and helps to pay the wharfage
bill, there is no kick coming.
Among the arrivals yesterday were the
ship Tacoma and the barkentines Jane
A. Falkinberg and S. N. Castle. The
latter vessel made a good run up from
Honolulu of sixteen days, while the Ta
coma took twenty-seven days. The lat
ter vessel is under charter to the United
States Government and left here with
horses for Manila. It was found that
the animals were required at. Honolulu,
so -when the Tacoma . put in there - for
water and supplies the animals were ta
ken ashore and kept there.
The Jane A. Falkinberg: is from Kotze
bue Sound via Seattle. - She brought
down a few gold hunters who were dis
appointed with the outlook, but Captain
A. H. Herriman says that no one knows
or can know anything about the pros,
pects before next year: Absolutely no
prospecting has been done, but after the
prospectors have spent a winter on the
Kubuck River tJrfey will know what pros
pects are there. ,
No fears are entertained for the safety
of the steamer Cleveland. When the
schooner Jewett, which made the run
from St. Michael to Grays Harbor in
twelve days (steamer time), left the for
mer port the Cleveland had not finished
discharging into the river steamer that
was lightering her.
' There was a stabbing affray on the
hlp ■£• ,G;, G ; Ro P es . which arrived from
New York last Sunday. There was fric
tion * between First Mat Gundlev and
Third Mate Sullivan, and it ended In a
fight. In which Sullivan stabbed Gundley
twice with a sheath .knife. The matter
has been reported to the United States
Shipping -, Commissioner by Captain
Rivers. ,
The Hardtmuth lead pencil Is the best in
the world. Try the Koh-I-Noor. •
GKutes arvd Zoo.
Lillian Stewart made the distinct hit at
the Chutes Free Theater last evening, and
her character Impersonations were ap
plauded to the echo. She Is a San Fran
cisco girl who left here with Ed Harri
gan's company. Her tough girl is a gem
In Its way. Raymond and La Motto were
also new and gave some good grotesque
dancing and examples of "lepmania."
Marino changed his violin numbers and
the rest of tfie bill was well received A
number of new moving pictures were
shown. Including views of Hyde Park and
Rotten Row, London. To-morrow all the
school children In the city are Invited to
attend the Chutes free dt charge.
|JeW Gomeckj Jheatzr.
At the New Comedy Theater last night
"The Signal of Liberty," a melodrama
dealing in a more or less Imaginative way
with features of tne recent war, entered
Its second week to a fair audience. It
will be followed Monday by Clara Thropp
and her company In a new piece of a
farcical character.
All families order Mohns' A Kaltenbarh's
Mild Grape Wines and Atlas Bourbon. Lovely
Be wines draw dally enormous crowds. 29 Mkt.
Christopher Samuelson Drowned.
The dead body of Christopher Samuet
son, a shoemaker, was found yesterday
morning floating in the bay near the foot
of Beale-street wharf. The body had not
been in the water more than a day or
two. An Inquest will be held.
The dead man had worked for the last
two months for William Dautel, shoe
maker at 631% Sacramento street. Mr.
Dautel said Samuelson had been in the
habit of going on sprees, and that he saw
him last on Saturday night with $7 in his
possession. He does not believe that the
shoemaker committed suicide.
Estate of Jacob Z. Davis,
Collateral matters tending toward the
settlement of the estate of Jacob Z. Davis
were disposed of by Judge Coffey yes
terday. E. B. Mastick. who acted as at
torney for the legatees, was awarded a
fee of $4000 for his services in the settle
ment of the estate. The matter of the
fee paid Public Administrator Freese was
also considered by the court and caused
some argument. The matter will be taken
up and settled at a later date.
Charged With Robbery.
Albert Whitney, a peddler, was arrested
by Special Officer Parkland last night and
charged with robbery. The complaining
witness is Frank Abay, a Swede, who
claims that Whitney and five other m™
"stood him up" on Sacramento street
early in the evening and robbed him of
$6. He met Whitney on the street after
ward and recognized him as one of those
who robbed him. Whitney tried to es
cape, but was captured by Officer Park
land, who was attracted by Abay's cries.
The fee-simile y^2^ s/&jF mm^£^ is*w i o7i^ wrapper
•ignatuw of 6^Z>®& of CASTOBIA.
"DANCING GIRL"
AS PLAYED BY
THE FRAWLEYS
Blanche Bates' Won
derful Work.
FRANK MATHIEU'S DEBUT
NANCE O'NELL IN A FAMOUS
RISTORI PART.
Comic Season Commences at the
Tivoli — Melodrama, Society
Drama and Variety at
Other Houses.
The Frawley Company appeared at
the Baldwin last night in "The Danc
ing Girl," one of the most ambitious
of Henry Arthur Jones' plays, a play
that was presented in the same the
ater several years ago by Palmer's
Company, and gK'en a cast that is
unforgetable, a performance that we
cannot hope to see approached by any
American company that exists to-day.
So it is not wanton disparagement of
the Frawley s to say that a great deal
is lacking in their production. They
play "Th* Dancing Girl" as 'any fairly
ordered stock company with weekly
changes of bill might be expected to
do— with one exception. That excep
tion is Blanche Bates, who, in the title
part, achieves one of the, if not the,
most remarkable successes of her life.
Her impersonation will stand compari
son with any; to me it seems that I
had never seen the part of Drusilla
Ives played until last night, norformed
any adequate idea of Its dramatic
worth.
"Flesh and blood" Is a hackneyed
phrase, especially in dramatic criti
cism, and I dare say it makes a very
small dent in the mind of the average
newspaper reader, but it is the fittest
expression I can find for describing
Miss Bates' performance. She was pas
sionately, vividly, terribly, relentlessly
flesh and blood in every moment of the
part. She played the woman for all
that was in her, slighting nothing, gild
ing over nothing that is plainly in the
lines with the mock niceties of the
drawing-room actress, sacrificing noth
ing that is in the play to the winning
of false sympathy. She made Drusilla
out to be just what she is, a Carmen of
modern social conditions. A brilliant
Drucilla, fascinating, dangerously femi
nine and full of feline grace. Miss Bates
played her fearlessly, with dash,
warmth, seduction and absolute aban
don. She gave the vital identity, men
tal and physical, and did it with the
audacity of genius.
The audience was considerable in
number and in fashion. Society was all
over the house and extended the loud
glad hand of congratulation to Frank
Mathleu, who made his first profes
sional appearanca on any stage in the
part of John Chrtstison, the village
lover of Drusilla. I think a more var
nished part would be more in Mr.
Mathieu's line; this one calls for an
amount of rough simplicity that he is
hardly prepared to give; but it at least
revealß a sincerity that survives no end
of bad gesture, and a clean, comely per
sonality that is just the thing in a com
pany of this character.
Mr. Frawley plays the Duke, a part
of tremendous responsibility; and wnile
no one would accuse him of doing It
perfectly. It sho-uld be a matter of gen
eral congratulation that it is the most
earnest and plausible work he has
shown this season. Theodore Roberts,
too, does serious if not sensational
work in the old father; and Miss Welles,
even though her "baby" voice is against
the conviction of the character, makes
a pretty study of lame girl. Mr.
Hickman plays the foolish Slingsby
with considerable eccentricity and some
humor, Mr. Edwards gives a quietly
good version of the Duke's steward and
Mr. Payne is an admirable valet.
But the glory of the performance be
longs to Blanche Bates. You don't
know the play until you see her Dru
silla. There Is only one weak spot in
her work, the dancing scene, and that
is incidental, and, after all, more or
less under the head of athletics, and
what she lacks in It she makes up by
the most wonderful fall downstairs that
you ever saw. ASHTON STEVENS.
The O'Niei" as E'izabeth.
Paolo Glacometti presents Queen Eliza
beth to theater goers as a vain, self
willed, unscrupulous woman conducting
the affairs of the kingdom in a cyclone
of evil temper, flitting like somo gay
humming bird in her love chases from one
flower to another, but, unlike the bird,
leaving the flowers much the worse for
the wear. It Is hard to imagine how
this red-headed hell cat could have in
spired love In the bosom of even the
bravest of men, and' Glacometti shows
how Essex braved it with his heart in
his mouth and his life in his hand—kiss
ing the white hand that afterward in a
fit of petulance smote him on the cheek
before the court and provoked him to
such a splendid defiance.
The role fitted Miss O'Niei. She was
the regnl virago, frowning and squinting
with 111 temper through five- long acts of
speechmaking.
Herbert Carr as Essex divided the hon
ors with the star. His Indignation at
the preferment of High Admiral Howard
and others over himself on his return
from the conquest of the Spaniards and
his bold defiance of the Queen won for
himself and Miss O'Niei a «ill before the
curtain at the end of the third act. This
act is the only one in the piny that had
any life In. it at all, the other acts be
in? composed of long-winded speeches by
the characters without any action to re
lieve them.
The disagreeable feature of the per
formance was the frequency with which
the voice of the prompter was heard in
the wings.
Jhe TiVoli.
The "Circus Queen," on this week at
the Tivoli, is the hit oi the season fh the
line of comic opera. Catchy music, bril
liant costumes, appropriate scenery and,
above all, a talented company, give the
opera-going people a change for rare en
joyment. In the "Circus Queen," classi
fied as an operatic fantasie, Edwin Ste
vens appears to better advantage than
in any other play of the many in his
repertoire. He is funny in this piece,
very funny, and fun is what the people
Miss Annie Myers, as the Queen, wins
encore after encore, but is not more pop
ular than Miss Anna Lichter. the bride
of the forced wedding, or Miss Elvla
Crox who assumes the character of the
Grand Duke Vladimir. Phil Bran
son gained repeated applause of the au
dience by his good singing and grotesque
antics as Merryman. the clown. All car
ried their parts well, and the success of
opening night assures crowded houses
for the rest of the season.
The
Belasco and De Miile's well-known sen
timental drama. "The Wife," was pre
sented at the Alcazar last night to a
crowded house. It was an evenly bal
anced representation and the stock com
pany scored a success. Ernest Hastings
as the husband. Gretchen Lyons as the
wife Frank Denlthorne as the lover,
George Osbourne as the father and How
ard Scott as the villain were all good,
and Francis Yale and I^aura Crews as
the young lovers are deserving of special
mention.
JYlorosco's.
"The Lights o' London" was revived at
the Grand Opera House last night. The
performance was a very even one and
the performecs won a number of recalls
from the aualence. One or two of the j
players were not letter perfect In their j
parts, and there were a few hitches In !
changing the scenes. These defects will ;
doubtless be remedied and the play will j
go like clockwork to-night.
As Harry Armytage, James M. Brophy j
was good." although a little less of hand
clapping and thigh slapping would be an
Improvement. As his wife. Miss Maud ;
Miller carried the sympathies of the au- ;
dience throughout. She sustained tne i
character admirably. Fred J. Butler as \
Seth Preene, the North Country poacher, :
was also very good, and so was Madge
Daley as Shakespeare Jarvls.
The Grand Opera House management ,
deserves a word of praise for the manner ■
in which the play was mounted. Next ;
week "Straight From the Heart" will be j
put on.
Th? y\lhambra.
Vaudeville is an elastic term; at least
Manager Jackson of the Alhambra Thea
ter has that conception of the meaning of
the word. In his programme this week
he draws on the time-honored "legiti
mate" for Robert Downing, who presents
a twenty-minute version of "Ingomar;"
on the comic opera stage, for Will Rising
and his company, who present a humor
ous opera, "Why," that contains several
catchy numbers; on the dramatic stage,
George C. Boniface and Nonna Ferner.
who appear as Sir Peter and Lady Teazle
in the quarrel scene from "School for
Standal"; and on the vaudeville stage, for
foreland, Thompson and Roberts, who
have a very laughable sketch; the Oli
fans, who have a new grotesque act; Ford
and Lewis; Lillian Smith and others.
Miss Daisy Hamlin is a new face this
week. She has a sweet soprano voice.
JK« Orpheum.
Several new features were presented at
the Orpheum last night that sufficed to
highly amuse a large audience. The
best among these was the clever and
amusing work of Mary Norman, "society
caricaturist." Her imitations of the fads
and foibles of society girls in variety as
seen in Boston, Xew York and San Fran
cisco and her singing were highly Inter
talning. She will be a star attraction
during her engagement. Mr. and Mrs.
Dunstan have a new act. entitled "Bella's
Baby," which is decidedly crisp, laugh
able and calculated to make one hold
his breath in some of the situations.
While it is a harmless chapter of mis
conceptions, there are some lines that are
brflad enough to stand considerable prun
ing. Johnson and Deane, the "King and
Queen of colored aristocracy," are a cap
tivating team, the former being one of
the best grotesque "coon" dancers seen
here in a long time. The "Comedy
Ponies" were not in good humor on their
introduction, but the stars finally gave a
clever performance illustrating the great
Intelligence of these toy horses.
Jhe Olympia.
The Olympia is still entertaining large
audiences. Aside from the holdovers the
favorites last night were Irene Johnson,
the clever singer of coon songs formerly
at the Orepheum, and Lottie Ryers. the
singing soubrette, who is filling a return
engagement, much to the satisfaction of
the patrons of the house.
; ADVERTISEMENTS.
Specialists for Men.
DR. MEYERS & CO. have gained their
high standing and have built up the
largest practice on the Pacific Coast
by curing their patients and by honor-
: able business dealings. .
DS. MEYERS & CO. have the largest and
best-equipped medical institute in the
West, and have made a special study
of all weakness and diseases of men
for more than seventeen years.
DR. MEYERS & CO. cure contagious blood
poison and all other, diseases of men,
and restore to perfect health those
who are weak, puny and debilitated
from the effects of nervous debility,
■J excesses, dissipations, indiscretions,
etc., etc.
NO PAY TILL CURED— Dr. Meyers & Co.
have such faith in their ability to make
quick and lasting: curu that they are j
willing to have the price of a cure de- !
' posited in any bank, in San Francisco, !
the amount NOT to be paid till the
patient is cured. , •-"
NO CHARGE for
DR. METERS & CO.,
731 Market Street,
BAN FRANCISCO. ■■_
Hours, 8 to 12 daily.
TAKE ELEVATOR. Evenings, 7 to 8. .
" Sundays, 9 to 1L
AMUSEMENTS.
ONLY VAIDEVILLUNS of MERIT.
; the'talk of the city to-day.
MISS MARY NORMAN, Society Caricaturist.
HOWARD'S COMEDY PONIES, Funniest
Equine Act In the World. .
JOHNSON AND DEANE. King and Queen of
Colored Aristocracy. -
MR. AND MRS. R, J. Dt'STAN AND COM-
PANY in Great New Hit "Bella's Baby."
CAWTHORNE AND FORRESTER, Big
Laughing Hit. "A Damage Suit.!' '
LEW HAWKINS. MULVEY AND INMAN,
THE BIOGRAPH, CARPOS BROTHERS.
Reserved Seats, 25 Cents: Balcony, 10 Cents;
Opera Chairs and Box Seats, 50 Cents. '■
Matinees Wednesday, ■ Saturday , and Sunday.
■", CHUTES ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND i- . ENINO.
LILLIAN STEWfIRT,
' .:.' The Charming Serio Comic, -
RAYMOND and LA METTO, Legmanlacs;
SMNK.EYL BROS.,
AGNES CASTOR, Soprano; MARINO, Ysaye's
Pride, and a Great Bill in the
FREE 'THEATER. .
SPECIAL— Thursday and every Thurs-
| day thereafter, AMATEUR „ NIGHT. - "
SEE THE ERUPTION ;OF MT. ' VESUVIUS!
lOe, including Zoo and Theater: Children, 6c;
- SPECIAL! I TO-MORROW « (WEDNESDAY)
the SCHOOL CHILDREN of -the CITY will be
the guests of the "Evening Post." Coupons for
i free : admission and ; chute or merry-go-round
j ride* may be obtained at the business office of
the "Post," corner of Bush and Kearny streets.'
X/i CONCBBTS AND . RESORTS.
SHERMAN^ & CLAY HALtu
This and Thursday Evenings and Saturday
..; Afternoon at 2:30. ■ .
THREE RECITALS BY •
CATHERINE RUTH BEYMAN,
•/•." SOLO PIANIST.
Reserved Seats, :$!.....:.. Admission, 50c
Seats now on sal* at Sherman, . Clay & Co.'i
Music House. '" y . -. "
NEXT WEEK— THE HEINRICH TRIO.
SUTRQ BATHS.
Open Dally from 7 A. M. to 6 P. M. During
- ' the Winter Season. . \
ADMISSION lOs - --"-■>- CHILDREN 5s ■
Bathing, with admission, 16c; children, We.
)%:-'■: -r-' ':•:;'', ■.."'■■■ ' J
AMUSEMENTS.
THE
GREAT
WALLACE
CIRCUS!
Mu3eum, Menaaerie and
Royal Roman Hippodrome.
I
First Performance Saturday Evening,
October 15, at Central Park.
i TWO PERFORMANCES DAILY THERE-
AFTER FOR ONE WEEK.
! THE MIGHTIEST AXD MOST MAGNIFI-
CENT AMUSEMENT INSTITUTION
OF THIS CENTTRY.
Three Rings; Half-mile Racetrack; 1000 Fea-
tures; 10t' Phenomenal Acts; 25 Clowns; SO Hur-
ricane Races; 4 Trains: 1580 Employes: 6 Rands:
50 Cages; a Drove of Camels; 15 Open Dens; ft
Herd of Elephants.
$4000 DAILY EXPENSES.
THE GREATEST PERFORMER? IN THE
KNOWN WORLD are with the Great
Wallace Shows this season. Including
THE 9 NELSON?. $10,000 Challenge Act; THE
. ANGELOS, Aeriallsts; THE 7 STIRKS. Bi-
cycle and Skating Experts; THE 10 F>EL-
LAMEADS. Statuary Artists; MLLE.
NORDA FRENCH, Mysterious Globe; 10
Principal Male and Female Equestrians;
THE S PETITS. Aerial Par Extraordinary;
LEON AND SINGING MILE. '■Trilby 1 ;
THE SISTERS VORTEX. Triple Revolving
GRAND* Z SPECTACfLAR BALLET, 19 Cory-
phees, led by Premier Danseuses.
THE STREET PARADE
The Finest Ever Put on Any Streets, Will Be
Made
SATURDAY. OCTOBER IS
ADMISSION, 50c. CHILDREN. 25c.
Performances begin at 2 p. m. and 8 p. m.
Doors open one hour earlier.
BALDWIN THEATER.
ALL OTHER HITS OVERSHADOWED.
Henry Arthur Jones' Great Drama, the
"THE
DANCING
GIRL."
'. As Presented by the
FRAWLEY GO.
! BLANCHE BATES In her superb interpreta-
\ tion of the Quakeress.
FRAWLEY PRICES— 2Sc, 50c, 75c and $1.
ALL THIS WEEK, including Sunday.
MATINEE SATURDAY. ,
NEXT MONDAY— "The Prisoner of Zenda."
| COLUMBIA THEATER.
THIS WEEK— LAST NIGHTS OF
NANCE O'NEIL
And the McKEE RANKIN CO.
Production of Paolo Glacotnetti's Roman
Historical Drama.
"ELIZABETH,
QUEEN OF ENGLAND.**
Next MATHEWS AND BULGER in
the Rag Time Opera,
"BY THE SAD SEA WAVES."
MOROSCQ'S GRAND
V alter Moeosco, Sole Lessee and Manaaet
Third Successful Week of the Popular Actor,
JAMES M. BROPHY.
Magnificent Production of the Great English -
Melodrama,
"THE LIGHTS 0 LONDON!"
Strong and Exciting Plot.
Augmented Cast and New Faces.
Great Lcndon Bridge Scene.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Green 861.
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . ioc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
lira. Erneatln* Kreling, Proprietor and Manager.
EVERY EVENING.
THE COMIC OPERA SEASON.
THE BIG SHOW.
Th« Merry Operatic Fantasia,
"THE • _
CIRCUS QUEEN!"
GREAT CAST.
, New Scenery. . ' Superb Costumes.
Appropriate Accessories. Brilliant Light Effects
FUN— Fast and Furious. -
Melodious and Catchy.
DANCES— Graceful and Novel.
Grand Matinee Saturday at Z p. m. .
Popular Price* Zsc and 50c
N. B. — Reserved seats for the Matinee, 25c.
Our Telephone. Bush 9. „•
COMEDY_THEATER.
TO-NIGHT.
THIS WEEK A SERIES OF PRESENTATION
MATINEES.
Wednesday, ' Saturday and Sunday at 2 p. m.
SOUVENIR PRESENTS FOR LADIES AND
CHILDREN.
25 cents to All Parts. ■ Gallery, 15 cents.
All Reserved Without Extra Charge.
\ TO-NIGHT. -.
v THE
JOSSEY-MARVIN COMPANY
. .r-IN THE—
SIGNAL "LIBERTY!
■ Secure Seats Now While You Can.
. 15c, 25c. 35c and Me
Seats— Comedy Theater and 710 Market street.
MONDAY NIGHT.
CLEVER CLARA THROPP.
THE ALHAMBRA.
 Corner Eddy and Jones sts. .
. Harry Jack50n . . ...........:.... ... .Sole Manager
; ■ Telephone South 435. . .___.
THE ABTI3TS: .THE PRICES:
Robert Downing. f. A /i__4,_
Miss Daisy Hamlin. -1 U ; U6IIIS.
Geo. 0. Boniface and
';; Ferner. ■i iV p A « v
The Queen of Light. ;10 VClllb.
Will S. Rising & Co. | .
Morel&nd, Thompson OK I* 1 Ante
and Roberts.: : >Hp/ : V>eill&.
Miss Lillian Smith. y ' ■
TheOlifans. KH fIATItQ
Ford and Lewis. 10U IjeniS,
ALCAZAR m™"
"AS PLEASING AS EVER!"
First Time at Our Prices.
15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Belasco and D« Milie'3 Fascinating Plajr In
Four Acts,
THE—
WIFEI=
ONLY MATTNEE SATURDAY.
Next Week David Belasco' s Romantic Drama,
MAY BLOSSOM.
Wfi¥yCi7sl.soprYi!ar
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver weak. .
Wheat firmer. Barley steady and duIL
Hay 6teady and unchanged.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Bran and Middlings firm.
No change in Flour.
Beans and Seeds a-s before.
Potatoes and Onions weak.
Butter quieter. Eggs slow.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry here.
Game lower.
Melons still glut the market.
Oranges scarcer and higher.
Hams, Bacon and Lard declined.
Hops and Wool unchanged.
Hogs firm at the advance.
Dried Fruits quiet.
PAYMENT OF INTEREST ANTICIPATED.
The Treasurer of the United States notifies
the Fan Francisco office that the payment of
all interest to become due on November 1 on
Government bonds will be anticipated. All. No
vember coupons will be paid on presentation
on and after October 10. The checks for int'-r
eet on registered bends of the loans of 1904
and 1925 will be sent out for payment October
20, and on those of 189S as soon thereafter as
they can be prepared.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 10. 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, 64; Fresno, 78; Los Angele^ SO; Red
Bluff, 80; San -Luis OWspo, SO; San Diego, 70;
■Sacramento, 78; Independence, 78; Yuma, 94.
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
6S; minimum, 62; mean, 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen over th» Pacific Slopa
except along the coast of California, from San
Francisco south. It is above the normal in
all sections.
Cloudy weather prevails over Oregof. Wash
ington and along the extreme northwest coast
of California.
Light but quite general rain has fallen
throughout Washington and in Western Ore
gon.
The temperature has risen in all districts.
■ Conditions are favorable for fair warm
weather In California Tuesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. Oct. 11, 1898:
Northern California— Fair, warmer Tuesday;
light variable wind.
Southern California — Fair, warmer Tuesday;
fresh west wind.
Nevada — Fair, warmer Tuesday.
I'tah— Fair, warmer Tuesday.
Arizona — Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair, warmer j
Tuesday; light variable wind becoming fresh |
to brisk, westerly in afternoon.
Special from Mount Tamal pals— Clear; wind j
northwest, 12 miles; temperature, 84; maximum I
temperature, 65. Q. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
■ . NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— The room traders on
the Stock Exchange turned bears again to-day
and sold stocks all through the list. Outside
of a few cases they did not meet with much
success In securing a following, but in a num
ber of high-priced specialties and .later in
the day in some of the railroads, the declining
market did induce some liquidation. This !
was notably the case in Northern Pacific,
•which went in the last hour to-day to 35%. a
loss of I**, and closed heavy in tone. Offer-
Ings in this stock w*re very^ large and the
price movement revived rumors of irreconcij
able differences between the two powerful
financial interests in th.- property. The lar^e
German holding- of this stock made it peculiar
ly susceptible to the effects of money strin
gency in Berlin, indicated in the rise In the
Imperial Hank rate to-day to 5 per cent. The
fame factor affected other railroad stocks also. I
In fact, the Influence of all foreign markets
■was on the side of the bears. The negotia
tions between Great Britain and France, ex
posed by the publication of the Fashoda blue
book, caused sufficient apprehension to pro
duce a decline of % in British consols and to
unsettle all the European markets. Th con
tinued uneasiness In France over domestic
politics and the possibility of the failure of j
the Peace Commission to agree upon terms
were also on the side of the bears.
There was some alarm over the spread of
yellow fever In the South, in which Illinois
Central was the most severe sufferer, losing 1%
points. Losses In the Grangers reached a
point except in St. Paul, which resisted the
decline. The principal activity of the mar
ket, however, continued to center in the in
dustrial group, and Sugar fell to HO with no
visible support. The offerings on the de
cline were very large. People's Gas. Rubber.
Leather preferred, Manhattan. Metropolitan
Street Railway and New York Air Brake were
all sufferers at one time or another during the
day to the extent of from 1 to 7 points. To
bacco was a prominent feature, but ruled
above Saturday's level the greater part of the
day in acquisition of a large plug tobacco in
terest. The price advanced at one time over
3 points; the stock closed unchanged. Lake
Erie and Western common and preferred fell
at one time 3% and 10% points respectively.
The preferred rallied nearly 3 points. There
•was no news to account for the decline. A
loss of 3 points In Oregon Navigation pre
ferred was also unexplained. There were no
reflections in the stock market of the active
foreign demand for wheat for export or of the \
evidences of the expanding business of the
country in the increased demands of the "West
for money. The transfers of currency at the
sub-treasury for . shipment to the . West
amounted to $810,000. Conditions in the money
market continued easy.
Bonds weakened late in the day In sympathy
with stocks, Wisconsin Central firsts losing
an extreme 2% and Oregon Short Line increas
ing 1%. Total sales. $2.«0,000.
United States old fours coupon and fives ad
vanced Vi an/1 the new fours registered and
the fours registered % in the bid price.
The total sales of stock to-day were 276,100
chares, including: Atchison preferred. 4068-
Burlington. 8623; Louisville and Nashville.
5506; Manhattan. 7&20: Metropolitan, 4915;
Northern Pacific. 37,690; Northern Pacific ■:••'
ferred, 47.">>; Rock Island. 33,30; Union Pacific
4720; St. Paul. 11.820; Union Pacific preferred,
K2O: Tobacco. 55.520; People's Gas, 6555.; Sugar
78.573; Rubber. 4130.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 12% st P M & M 163
Do pfd 32% So Pacific 23
Eal & Ohio 44% So Railway ... W.
Can Pac 83% Do prefd 32%
Can Southern 52^ Tex & Pacific .... 12«
9.Z n » a< V 24 Union Pac .1 31%
£hes & Ohio 21% Do prefd ..../... 64
Chi & Alton 153 UPD &G . 2%
Chi B& Q ...113% Wabash "St~~~ 7%
1 ' & E 111 5444 Do prefd \ 20%
Do prefd 106 Wheel &L E 3% !
CC 6 ft St L.... 891* Do p re f d g*
T-^orreM' si Express Companies-
Del & Hudson ....105 ! Adams Ex 110
Del L & v *sw American Ex 130
Den & Rio G 13% United States .... 40
Do prefd 53* WelliyFarso .....120
Erie 1 new) 13 Miscellaneous—
Do Ist prefd .... 33% A Cot OH 34%
Ft Wayne 170 ; Do prefd 86
Gt Nor prefd 134 Am Spirits ....... 1114
Hocking Val 3% Do prefd ........ 32%
111 Cent 108% Am Tobacco 124%
L Erie & W.. 1314 Do prefd "...118
Do prefd 61% Peoples Gas ......103%
Lake Shore 192% Con Gas 16S
Louis & Nash ... 53% Com Cable C 0..... 165
Manhattan L 92% Col F & Iron 20%
Met St Ry .-..163*1 Do prefd 80 ~
Mich Cent 106 i Gen Elec (new).. 78%
Minn &St L 526 Illinois Steel ....: 7
Do Ist prefd 88% LacWe Gas 4S
Mo Pao 31% Lead 32
Mobile & Ohio .... 27 ■ DO prefd 108
Mo X & T 10%JNat Lin Oil 2%
Do prefd 32 i Haw, Com Co 32
Chi Ind L 8 I Pac Mail .......... 321.4
Do prefd ...... 23% Pullman Palace ..189%
N J Central ...... 90 , Silver Cer <C 0 1
N V Central ......115% S R & Twine ...... 6
. N I Chi & St L.. 12 (Sugar 110
Do Ist prefd ... .60 ' ' Do prefd 105%
- Do 2.1 'prefd ...... »31 TC & Iron ....... :24*i
Nor West 13 US Leather ...... 6%
No Amer Co 6 \ Do pref 63%
No Pacific 38% tJ 8 Rubber 38'
Do prefd 74 1 i Do prefd 102
Ontario & W 13% West Union ...... 90%
OR Nay ........ 52 C& NW ... 123
Or Short Line 26 I Do prefd . . 174
-. Piltsburg '.........169 St L& S W...... 4%
. Reading 17% Do prefd 10«
i Do Ist prefd 40% R G W "7
Rock Island 100~ i t><, prefd ........ 65
Bt Louis & S F... T''s In! Paper C 0...... 54%
Do. Ist prefd .... 63 J Do prefd :.86%
Do 2nd prefd... 30% P Coast Ist prefd. 80
Bt Paul 106% Do 2d prefd 64
Do prefd .....;.. 159% Chgo G W 14
Bt P & Om ....... 78 Minn Iron ........ 97
Do prefd ........157, Brooklyn T C 0... 6494
CLOSING BONDS.
US new 3s 105% N J C 6s iuu
US new 4s reg... 127& X Carolina 6s 122
Do coup . . 127's Do 45..: 103 '.
V B 4s 110% No Pac lsts... 116% '
Do c0up.......... 112 Do 3s 6tj6l
Do 2ds -99 Do 4s. 10014 i
■••U-S 6s ' reg 113% NY C & Bt L 45.. 108 I
Do 5s coup 113% Nor & WCs 123 !
pistrlet 3.65s 117 l 2 Xorthwstrn cons..' 142% |
Ala claM A........ 108 Do deb 55........ Us
Do 8. ............. 108 OXav lsts 114
D0C....... 100 JO Nay 4a....... 99%
- Do Currency .*.... 105 O 8 Line 6s tr... .. 127V4
Atchison 4s 53% O S Line 6s tr..... 106% 1
- Do adj 4s .... 71 (Pacific 6s of 95.... 102V4
Can So 2ds.. Heading 45... &2
Chi Term 45....... -JS9&'R G & W lsta 88
"C & Ohl<i Es 115 St L & IMC 65.. 96%
CH & D 4H5...... 104%! Ft L A F G 65.. 120
.D & R G 15t5..... 110% St P C0n...:.:..... 153 r :|
D & R O 48....... 97Vi St P & C P Ists.. 118V4 ,
East Term lsts 106 Do 55............. 118%
Erie Gen 45. . ...... 71 " So Railway 55. . .". . }i 7 i
F W & L) lets tr.. 75% Stand R & T 65... 75,4
Gen El^c Be 108% Term new Bet 35... 93 •
GH& SA C 5..... 104 Tex Pac L G lsts.-106%
Do 2d5. ...:....... 105 •■• Do reg 2d5....... 44>4
H4TC 55........ 110V4 Union Pac 45...... 99%
Do con Ge........ 110H l r P D & G lsts... 7S .
lowa C.1ut5. .;.... 102% Wabash Ist 55..... 112%
La new cons 4b-.... 105 Do 2ds :.;.......,- 88 ■-
Missouri 6b ....... .100 (Vest Shore 45.,... 109%
M X &.T 2d8...... 62U Va Centuries 78
; ; Do 45.. ■;.'.......:: 88% Do deferred..-."... 5 .
NY Central lstfl.. 117% JVis Central lsts.. 69 .■_ _
MINING . STOCKS. ,^
Chollar 14 (Ontario .....3 50
Crown Point . 12iOphir 50
Con Cai & Va.... 70 j Plymouth .. 12
Deadwood 30 Quicksilver ....... 125
Gould & Curry... Vi Do p»efd ........ 350
Hale & Norcross. 9.1 Sierra Xevada ■ (4
Homestake ....... 45 On standard ■ 1 60
Iron Silver 60 Union Con ........ 20
Mexican IS (Yellow Jacket ... 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Do prefd — .../ 57
Call loans 2 ©3% Ed El Tel 190
Time loans ....3%@4V4 Gen El prefd 166
Stocks— Atchison prefd .. 32%
AT & S F 13H Bonds—
Amer Surar ...... 110% Atchison 4s 93
Do nrefd 105 jWis Cen 15t5..... 80%
Bay State Gas... Wt Mining Shares-
Bell Telephone 280 jAllouez Mm Co.. 3%
Boston & Albany. 251 Atlantic 25%
Boston '& Maine.. 163 I Boston & Mont.. 232
Chi Bur & Q..... 114%|Butte & Boston.. 32%
FitchDurß 104% Calumet & Hecla. 582
Gen Electric 79 Centennial ••-!?«
Mexican Central.. Kranklln 13%
Old Colony IP2 Old Dominion 28%
Or Short Line.... 26%[Osceola .;.' 09
Rubber o* Quincy 119
Union Pacific .... 31% Tamarack 172%
West End 86 Wolverine 2t)3*
Do prefd 107 Parrott 23
Westing-house El. 33 Humboldt 4%
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NKW YORK, Oct. 10.— Money on call steady
at t% per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 3%@
4V. per cent. Sterling exchange easier with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 84@4 84\4
for demand and $4 84Vi(94 84% for sixty days.
Posted rates, $4 82@4 86. Commercial bills,
H Sl@4 81V4. Silver certificates, 60@61c. Bar
silver, 60 »-l6c. Mexican dollars, 47c. Govern
ment bonds firmer. State bonds steady. Rail
road bond 3 heavy.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here opened flat to-day on the Fash
oda dispute and the rise in the German bank
race, but closed better generally on favorable
advances from Parte. Kaffirs were especially
strong on the announcement of a favorable
trial of crushing by the Pioneer mine in the
Rhodesian District. The only effect on the
German Bourse of the rise in the bank rate
was to cause attempts to sell German consols
an,] utner investment stocks In this market, <
Selling from Berlin of Americans has quite
ceased for the moment. Nevertheless Ameri
cans were dull, closing near the lowest, in the
' New York support. New York and
are competing for gold here at 77s lud.
It Is believed here that the worst of the finan
cial strain at Berlin is over. The London short
rate for money rose to 3 per cent, subject to
possible advance in the Bank of England rate
on Thursday.
MADRID. Oct. 10.— Spanish fours closed to
day at 65.00. Gold was quoted at 05.7.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Oct. 10.— Canadian Pacific, 8*?£;
Grand Trunk, 7%; Bar Silver, steady, 28d j?er
ounce; Money, 1%<J2% per cent.
THE CROP REPORT.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10.— In the crop report
issued to-day by the Agricultural Department
the usual wheat report is withheld, pending the
result 01" further investigation.
The preliminary estimate of the yield per acre
of barley is 21.6 bushels, or 1.9 bushels less per
acre than in 1837, and 1.3 bushels below the
mean October estimates tor the last ten years.
The average for quality is 91.3, as compared
with 87. tf last year.
The preliminary estimate of the yield per
acre of rye is 15.6 bushels. This is five- tenths
of a bushel less than the average of last' year,
but 2.2 bushels above the mean of the October
averages for ten years. The average quality
reported is 90.1, against 92.7 one year ago.
The condition of buckwheat has declined
since September 1 12.6 per cent, being now
76.2. This is 14.6 per cent below the average
on October 1, 1597, and 8.3 per cent below the
mean of the October averages of the last ten
years.
The condition of Irish potatoes declined 5.2
per cent during September. While it is still
1.9 per cent higher than the October condition
last year, it is 2.7 per cent below the mean of
the October averages of the last ten years.
The apple reports show a decline In every
State in which this crop is of any commercial
importance, except in Maine, Michigan, Ne
braska and Oregon, where a slight improvement
is indicated.
The yield per acre of hops is generally in ex
cess of last year, California, where the yield
will probably not exceed 1000 pounds to the
acre, being the exception.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— Receipts, 2S.-
COO barrels; exports, 9118. Quiet, but \ held a
shade higher. — :
WHEAT— Receipts, 259,786 bushels; ' exports,
T7SO. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 74c afloat. Op
tions opened stronger on higher cables and war
talk, and with the exception of a midday de
cline under realizing were linn all day, dos
ing . ;lc net higher. The afternoon advance
was due to heavy export purchases and a small
visible supply increase. May, 69 5-16 c, closed
68% c
HOPS— Firm.
W< KXL— Quiet.
The week opened with the metal market in
tolerably good form. According to to-day's
Metal Exchange report:
PlGlßON— Warrants closed quiet but firm;
17 12% bid, ?7 37%*aeke<i
TlN— Higher; $16 75 bid. $16 85 asked.
LEAD— Steady; $3 87% bid, $3 92% asked;
brokers, $3 77%. / ■' *' ;; .» : \
SPELTER— Firm; $4 90 bid, $5 asked.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, unchanged to
5 points lower. Sales, 2500 bags, including
March. $5 SO. Spot coffee— steady; No. 7
invoice, 6%c: No. 7. Jobbing, 6%c; mild, quiet;
Cordova, iijloe.
SUGAR— Haw, steady; fair refining, 3 11-16 c;
centrifugal, '.•« test, 4 3-16 c; molasses, 3 7-16 c;
refined, firm. ■
BUTTER— Receipts. 6233 package*. Firm;
Western creamery, lassie; Elginu, 21c; fac
°EGGS— Receipts, 7074 packages. Flrm;'Weßt-
EGGS— Receipts. 7074 packages. Firm; West
"eLGlN, 111.. Oct. 10.— BUTTER— Firm. Of
ferings and sales, 132 tubs at 20c. Sales of the
week, 9340 tubs.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10. — California dried
'EVAPORATED JpPLES - Common, 6<g"Sc;
prime wire tray, SVic; choice, 9c; fancy, tOtt
APRICOTS— Royal, ll®16c; Moorpark, 12@16c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 7t(i9c; peeled, 12i(.12^c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Oct. Liverpool Wheat quota
tions before business started here showed an
advance of lVi@l%d over last night's close on
fears as to the controversy with France over
the Nile territory. That advanced values here
sharply at the opening and the traders were
stimulated into unusual activity. Additional
Impetus was given the market by the fact that
shipment* from Russia last week showed a
falling off of some 600,000 bushels as compared
with those of the preceding week, and because
of heavy cable acceptances of * Wheat offers
made over Sunday by exporters. To further
add to the discomfort of those who went short
from last week, there were." •pointers*',. in circu
lation that the Government crop report would
make a very bullish showing in Wheat. The
combination was sufficient to cause general
covering by shorts of almost every sort. . Mean
while the early bearish news was entirely dis
regarded. The Michigan authorities estimated
the -total yield of that State as the largest ever
known there, New South Wales placed her ex
portable surplus greater than usually reported
for all of Australia and that the foreigners
were reselling Wheat on account of the sd^arp
advance in prices. In consequence of this the
market did not fully maintain its early figures,
nevertheless the trade was not disposed to ham
mer prices, as the liberal rains in j the North
west promised to ' cut off . receipts somewhat.
Another factor that discouraged any heavy
selling was that the visible supply only.sh<*ved
an increase of 947,000 bushels, whereas art In
crease of '-1,500,000. bushels had been expected.
Primary market receipts were 2,151,000 bushels,
against 2,847,000 bushels the previous year. Re
ports from the seaboard that the export en
gagements aggregated. 105 boat loads and tV
sale of 200,000 bushels No. 2 spring and No. 2
hard winter Wheat here for Liverpool caused
a very strong tone during ■ the closing hour.
December closed l@l%c higher.
Corn ' started strong with ; Wheat, but there
was considerable opposition from the receivers
who sold with some , freedom. Corn gained
%c. "' ■ ' '■■■■ '■•'-■-■ -' -* '"",. ■ -'" : ■'■ '••-
Oats followed Corn. May closed at 22%@23c.
Oats advanced \i<§%C ' -
Provisions— The : strength in grains, together
with a light run of hogs at higher prices, '
started | Provisions . strong. ... Disquieting | yellow
fever news caused, a very unsettled .feeling and
the advance was seized upon by leading pack
ers of considerable product. '.The trade was not
broad enough, however, to absorb the - offer
ings, and values quickly slumped off.* Scalping
shorts, who = rather . overdid > the selling after
they discovered the source of the heavy liqui-
I dation, early ran the price up at the . close in
an attempt : to - cover. *i The purchases ; brought
the market nearly up to the opening fig
ures. ■ Pork . left off unchanged /to 2'£e higher,
I lard unchanged and . ribs unchanged vto ■ '-. 2!tjC
! nigher. ' : " '
| The leading futures ranged «s follows: . " ...
Articles— ' Open. High.' Low. Close.*
Wheat,; No. 2— „:
October ...; ...". .... v... ' 63 T 4
December .. 63% 64 , 63V4 63%
May 65 ; 65 64% 65Vb
Corn." No. *— ,".-"-'. : - •■'•,•'
October ............. r 29% : 29% 29% My,
December ....:...... 30 30 -' 29% ■ 29%
May ..;.; 32V4 32V4 .31% --32^
Oats. No. 2 — . • v ■'
December ...21% 21% 21% 21%
May .;............... 23 —.23.- /. 225* \ 23 ,
■ Mess Pork, per bbl — '....-. ;
December 7 TO 7 70 7 55 7 6714
January ..:.:'..■.'..-.. .8 90 i 8 90 875X'8 80
Lnrd. per 100 lbs— : '''*f< '*- ■ •', ' * . ■
December ...........4 72^4 •: 4 72V4 .4 65; ;" 4 70
January .......::*. ...4 82^ 4 82»j ,4 75 :.-' 4 80
.Short Ribs,- per 100 lbs— . . .. 
October ....... ...6 20 6 20- 5 17#'- 520
January ......■.;.. ;.< 62^:^ 62^ 456 ■■ ; 4 62^4
Cash quotations wore as follows: Flour.
THE SA"tf FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 3898.
steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 62%@64c; No. 3
spring wheat, 62@-63%c; No. 2 red, 65@66c; No.
2 corn, 2HVi;'<i29%c; No. 2 oats, 21%<8'21%c; No. 2
white, 24%'ij.n;%c; No. 3 white, 23%4?24%c; No.
2 rye, 48^4'#4S ! ~c; No. 2 barley. 33@45c; No. 1
flaxseed, 89% c; prime timothy seed, $2 25; mess
pork, per bbl. $7*6.".@7 70; lard, per 100 lbs,
$4 72%5>4 75; short ribs sides (loose), $5 06©8 30;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), $4 50@4 62%; short
clear sides (boxed), $5 25@5 35; whisky, distil
lers' finished goods, per gal, $1 25.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 11,000 10,600
Wheat, bush 213.300 2fi,700
Corn, bush 646.000 336,800
Oats, bush 517.000 107,800
Rye, bush < 26,000 1.000
Barley, bush 101,500 50,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the j Butter
market was steady; creameries, 13@19%c; dair
ies, 12@17c. .Cheese, firm, 7%@9c. Eggs, firm;
fresh. -.14c... ;.-,,:. .*---'.. ...•'. :■ ;■ ■■ sf*?:f£j¥yj
WHEAT MOVEMENTS. \, I
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— - Bushels. . Bushels
Minneapolis 629,230 % 16,080
Duluth 361,789 , 641.352
Milwaukee 48,100 10.650
Chicago .....*.... 213.350 26,776
Toledo 60,506 .51.000
St Louis..... 261.000 55,000
Detroit ........ • 15,899 38,988
Kansas City .......... 279,000 ■ 101,000
Totals .........:...'. 1.8G8.594 840,876
Tidewater-
Boston - 27,710 .......
New York 295,075 73,880
Philadelphia ....74.873 67,222
Baltimore 77,293 ••■•~V n
New Orleans . 2,000
Gajjveston .f. ...... ,
Total* .'....'..:
LIVERPOOL FUTURE"?.
Wheat— Oct. Dec. Mar
Opening . .... 6 6*4 6 5%
Closing CiVi . -B 7% 6 7 j
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Oct. Jan.-Apr.
n permit ...~ • « 75 46 05
ci po.:.r.:::..::r.::::::..p o .:.r.:::..::r.::::::.. 47 *> ■««
OwnlTg" .................... ..-.«1 70 2170
cSg s .:::::::::::::::.. 21 60 v so
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts,
11,000; market steady. Native steers, $4 25@5 40;
cows and heifers. Jl 75@4 45; stockers and feed
ers, $3 25@4 75; bulls, $2 Eo@3 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 4000. Market opened strong
to 5c higher: closed weak. Bulk of sales. J3 oa
@3 65; heavies, $3 66©3 75; packer?, 13 50©3 67%;
mixed, $3 4r.«j3'67 1 -2: lights, $3 50@3%5; yorkers,
$3 60@3 85; pigs, $3 50@3 55. _
SHEEP— Receipts, 20C0; market firm. Lambs.
$4 25<g5 40; muttons, $3 8094 2.".
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Oct. - 10. -3 CATTLE 6400;
market strong. . Native steers, *4 30@5 40;
Western steers, $3 70@4 40; cows and heifers,
$3@3 90; etoekers and feeders, $3 60®4 50; calves,
$4 50@7; bulls and stags, $2 30©3 80.
■ HOGS — Receipts, 3000; market 5c higher.
Heavy, $3 60@3 65; mixed,. $3 62%@3 65; light,
*3 6jg"3 70; bulk of sales, $3 62%©3 65. ' „
SHEEP— 5100; market steady. Na
tive muttons, $3 75@4 86; Westerns, J3 70@4 60;
stockers, $3 G0& 10; lambs, $4 25@5 40.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Oct. 10.— CATTLE— Prices were
advanced 10@15e. Choice steers, J5 30® 5 f.5;
medium, $4 70a 4 95: beef steers. $4<f4 65; stock
ers and feeders, *3@4 70; bulls, $2 25@4 25; cowd
and heifers, $3 5U<&4 2;,; caives, J3fi7 25; West
ern rangers, $2 75@4 00; Texana, »3 15@4 90.
HOG?- Prices showed a gain of 55a10c. Fair
to choice, J3 72H98 90; packing lots, $3 (093 7:..
butchers, f& 50@3 92%; light, J3 609S W; mixed,
J3 86©3 90; pigs, *2 75«3 70.
SHEEP — There was a vigorous demand ror
sheep and lambs and prices advanced S^lOc.
Common to choice muttons. $3@4 50; yearlings.
14 4594 75; feeders. J3 DO® 4 25; common to
choice lambs, $41?6 25.
Receipts— Cattle, 12,500; hogs, 23,000; sheep,
15.0C0.
DENVER.
DENVER, Oct. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2900;
market steady and active. Beef steers. $3 50<3>
4 15; cows, $2 5093 2f>; feeders, freight paid to
! river, $3 4694 20; stockers, freight paid, J3 50®
j 4 30; bulls, stags, etc.. $2 26@8 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 2vo: market 5c higher. Light,
$3 66@3 67^: heavy, $3 E
SHEEP— Receipts, 5100; market steady. Good
fat muttons, $3 25@4 25; lambs, $4 25©5 25.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
Porter Brothers Company sold California fruit
to-day as follows:
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— Pears— Bartlett, $4 per
box and Jl 60 half box. Grapes— Tokay, J2 10
double crate and 50c«$l 60 single crate; Black
Morocco. $1 2<»: Cornichon. Jl 15; Muscat. 45%0
51 10; Rose de Peru, 35c. Peaches— Sal way, 60c
<t!sl "5 box; Mitchell Clings, J6c.
CHICAGO, Oct. 10.— Grapes— Tokay $2 40®
285 double crate and $1 1091 50 single crate;
Cornichon, $1 80; Muscat, $1 15. Pears— Winter
Nelis, $1 95 b.ix. Peache»r-Salway, r.uisßOc box.
Th.- Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
to-day as follows:
CHICAGO, Oct. 10.— Grapes— Tokay, SScJ^JI 45,
average $1 26; Malaga, Jl 30. Prunes— ltalian,
65e@$l 06; German, Ji 05; Hungarian Jl 11; Sil
ver ~sl 06. Peaches— Lemon Cling. 60c. Pears—
Heurre Anjou. $2 U2: Clairgeau. $2 27; Howell,
%2 64. Six cars sold.
FOREIGN MARKET 3.
LONDON, Oct. 10.— Consols, 109 9-16; silver.
2Sd; French rentes. 102f 27% c; wheat cargoes off
coait, more Inquiry; cargoes on passage, nomi
nal unchanged; Walla Walla, 29s 6d; English
< tmntry markets, quiet; imptirts of wheat into
United Kingdom, 259,000; imports of flour into
1 LIVERPOOL* 8 " Oct. 10. — WHEAT — Firm;
wheat in Paris, dull; flour In Paris, dull;
French country markets, quiet and steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 3-rcj.
CLOSING.
: WHEAT— No. 2 WO* red Western winter
i firm, os lOVsd; spot No. 2 red northern spring
CORN— Spot American mixed new firm, 3s
i 4%d: October steady, 3s 4%d; November steady.
; 3s 544 d; December, 3s h\<i.
The imports of wheat for the week from
: Atlantic ports were 11?.,200 quarters; from Pa
i cine ports, none; from other ports, 9000 quar
! Trie Imports of corn Into Liverpool from At
lantic ports for the week were 52,400 quarters.
WHEAT— Futures cloaed firm. October, 5a
9%d; December, 5s 7%d: March. 5s 7d.
VISIBLE SUPPLY OP GRAIN.
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat for
the week ending Saturday, October 8. as com
bed by the New York Produce Exchange, is as
f °Wheat 120.000 bushels, increase 974,000;
CoVn 22*202 boo bushels, increase 000; Oat*
r if? MiO • bushels Increase 22.000, Rye, 718.000
bushel^, decrease 53.000; ; Barley. 2.319.000 bush
els, increase 8000.
THE COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.-COTTON-rhill ; mld
dl NKW % ANS, Oct. 10.-COTTON-Q.ulet ;
middling, 4 15-16 c. _______
PORTLAND'S ; BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 10.— Exchanges, $504,
898; balances, $84,030. ', ; •
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
-' OREGON. ',\£ *
. PORTLAND. or., Oct. 10.— The; local wheat
market was a little steadier to-day and higher
Quotations were given out on | the | strength ; of
better Liverpool cables. Two Bouth African
rfr Joes of blue stem - finished 'loading to-day,
f^d went int.. the stream. Walla Walla was
emoted at (805**0, with rounjl lots bringing
6«." as an extreme figure. Sixty.! and 61c were
outside figures for valley with blue stem
bringing 62c. - ASHINGTON- : . . -^ /?
TACOMA, Wash., Oct. 10.— WHEAT— Club.
68c; blue stem, Clc. ■■■'■■* ;
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchanse, 60 days — $4 83
Sterling Exchange,. -<ijht — .■»»?„
Sterling Cables ...... -..•■ — * BiJ4
New York. Exchange, sight-.. — 17V4
New "*ork Exchange^elegraphio... — . 20
Fine Silver, per ouncf *.•• — '-■ 60%
Mexican' Dollars .......'. • 4 ™4 - *'%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS. ,
■WHEAT— from this; port In Septem
ber were .79,039 ctls, ; valued at ,$95,713,: making
total exports thus far this crop year, of 504,756 ]
ctls. valued at $6.Vi.4fil. ■■■:- -
The strained . relations between France . and
England rendered the Eastern and foreign mar
kets stronger,' and this market was firmer In
sympathy, -; though there was no advance In
SI Spot r *\Vheat-Shlpplng, $1 16%@1 18%; mining,
fl 20<gl 23%.* : ;■ -■'.-■••■.•,'.•,;
;, -CALL* BOARD ; SALES. :
':■ Informal session— o'clock— December—
20.000 ctls. $1 mv • , : "-': : ■--' =
, Second 'session— December— ctls, $1 18%.
'^ Regular morning session— December— 8000 ctls,
$1 18V-; 4000, $1 r -«: 2000, $1 18%. -: v ■ -'?-.-
Afternoon session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 IS. "
.- ■ BARLEY— There was no change .; to ? report.
The demand was slack. ,: „; ;.-■ •■..-.._
Feed. $1 18%@1 21% : , Brewing, $1 25 for No. 2. *
CALL ;i BOARD SALES. ; ;•.
Informal session— s:ls o'clock— sales."'"
. Second T Session— "sales. . •_ -.p
.Regular morning session— December— ctls, i
$1 21 ; ; 2000, $1 ■ 20% ; , 4000, *1 • 20%; : 2000, $1 : 20"^: • * . *-
. - Afternoon session— December— ctls, $1 20%; :
20C0, $1 20*4..*:, -■■'-' i;.- - ■.■:;■■■■<- ■ <./■ -■ '-:- :^ -'■'..■■■:■.. •• .•
OATS— Are coming in freely from the north,
and spot stocks are now rather heavier, but the
market • continues steady. at the old " quotations.
.The -demand is satisfactory. .'• ■- ?/'-" -y-v" '■■•-■;•
Fancy Feed, $1 27^14 1 30 per ctl; i- erood to
choice,- $120*125; common.'- $1 15@1 I^4; ' Sur- '
prise. J130(&132V4; Cray; »1 17V*<gl .-'milling,;
Jl 2001 25 per ctl; Rid, *1 35@1 45; Black. ,*1 GO®
170. .•:■:■• ■: i^^/,-^;';i.-,^.v;;'.^-.>V.,.;<-.*i
CORN — The market- Is easy, and quiet,', but no
, lower. v"_w :■ ■. -■ ■ ". ' "-■-' ■■■;•"- .•.■..:■= :...'■■■•••
Small round yellow, ' $1 20; Eastern large yel
4
low, $107%@110; white. $1 10@l 12%; mixed.
$1 02%@l 05 per ctl: California White. $1 12%@
115. I
RYE— sl 17%(@1 22% per ctl. „ _
BUCKWHEAT— Eastern is Quoted at |1 75
per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The millers all report the old quotations, with
a dull business.
FLOUR-Famlly extras. $4 1504 25; bakers'
extras, $4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
$3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75 per 100; Rice
Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 60; extra cream Corn
meal, J3 25; Oatmeal. $4 25; Oat Groate. $4 50;
Hominy, $3 25®3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4®4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats (barrels). $5 85
@6 25; in sacks, $5 65556 05; Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The only effect the rain has on Hay is to ren
der the market quieter for the time being. It
has not affected prices so far. The shortage
last year at this time was 45,000 tons, and deal
ers say that there is an equal deficiency this
year, and some even place It higher. Hence,
they argue, Hay is bound to rule firm anyhow,
rain or no rain.
Bran and Middlings are firm and unchanged.
BKAN— SI3 S6&IS per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $18®20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, 128 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $81<S31 50; jobbing,
$32(^32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24(^25; Cottonseed
Meal, $28@30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 60m* 50;
Cracked Corn, $24(??25.
CALIFORNIA HAY — VTieat. $17<g 1 in 50 for
good to choice and $15«16 for lower grades; no
fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, $15(318; Oat,
$14<f 16 50; Island Barley. $12 50@14; Alfalfa. $11
@12; Stock. $11(^12 60; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, •to.)—
Alfalfa, $10<gl0 50 per ton.
STRAW— 4O@7Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS
All descriptions remain as previously quoted.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 85@1 »5; Small Whites, $3®
2 15; Large Whites, $1 50@l 70; Pinks, $2 35iQ)
2 40; Reds, $3; Blackeye. $3 2503 50; Butters,
nominal; Limas, $3 25@3 35; Pea, $1 85@2; Red
Kidneys. $2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 50@4 75 per <*':
Yellow Mustard. $4^4 25; Flax, none here; Ca
nary Seed. 2v 4 #2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 60S*c;
Rape, 2V*@3%c; Hemp, 2%<0:3c: Timothy, 6@5%c.
DHIED PEAS— Niles. $1 35@1 50; Green. tt 50
@1 7B per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions are both weak. Sup
plies of Vegetables are still plentiful and
prices show, little change.
POTATOES— 4O@SOc for Early Rose and 40@
60c for River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 85c
<fj-$l 10; Oregon, 75cffi$l; Sweet Potatoes, 7Ec for
nearby and $1 2~> for Merced.
ONIONS— 3-"<aT'oc per ctl for yellow; Pickle
Onions, 50!j?R50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 3c; String
Beans. M6oft6c; Lima Beans. BOcfg^l per sack;
Bay Squash. 20@35c; Green Peppers, 40(Jtf50c for
Chili and Co«fl6oc for Bell; Cabbage. 50c: Car
rots. 30(550c per sack; Bay Cucumbers, 50@60c;
Ulv-r Tomatoes. 4ft(ffr.oc; Bay Tomatoes, So96sc;
Green Corn, Eoc@sl per crate; Garlic, 3c per lb;
Green Okra, 5(%65c; Dried Okra, 10c per lb;
Egg Plant, 25®40c per box; Marrowfat Squash,
JSffflO per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw. 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs: sliced,
desiccated, 16:?flSc; granulated, riw, 13c;
Onions. 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new. ;3o; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes. 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 5Cc.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two carp of Eastern Poultry are at hand and j
will be put on to-day.
The Game market was much lower. Re
cetpUl were light, as usual, but the market
m so high last week that the public could
not afford to eat Game, the dealers could not
work off their purchase, so they were indif
ferent buyers yesterday.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 15^170 for Gob- !
biers and 14*M5c for Hens; Geese, p*r pair,
SI 2.".<31 60; Goslings, $1 2ff?l 50; Ducks, $4@6 for
old and $4@6 for young; Hens, $4 60<if5 50; Roos
ters young, $5®6; Roosters, old, $4 50; i
Fryers. $454 50; Broilers. $3 50<fi4 for large; f3Q
3 50 for small: Pigeon?. $I@l 25 per dozen for
old and $1 50@2 for squabs.
GAME—
Quail. $2: Mallard. $4 60@6; Sprig. $2 50
04; Teal, $2 50<f/3; Widgeon. $1 50® 2 50; Small |
I nick, $1 B0@2; English Pnipe. $3: Jack Snipe. ,
$1 50; Gray Ge«se, |3®s3 ">0; Hare, $1; Rab- I
bits, $1 2.W1 60 for Cottontails and $1 for small. ,
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs are dull and easy, but 'ho lower. But
ter Is less active, as the early rains have
started the dairymen to selling their packed
goods, and this diverts the [ demand from - the
fresh article: ■■;.■,." ,-:. ' V -'<
BUTTER— I ■ ♦ .
i Creamery— Fancy creameries, 29®30c: sec
onds, 28c. -V; - : ' •
Dairy— to .. fancy, 25@26V4c; common
grades. 22Vi?f240. ~ - - „
- Pickled Goodt-Flrkln, • 18@20c; pickled roll,
20<iI21c: creamery tub. 21@22V4c.
Eastern" Butter— packed, 16@16V&0 per
lb; Elgin. 22@22&c.  I
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10@llc; old, «H@ i
9%c; Cream Cheddar. 10@llc; Toung America, !
lO^flllV: Eastern, 12®13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, Sm<£T3sc per dozen; store
Epks. 18@25c: Eastern, 15@18c for ordinary and
2i@23c for fancy. . . > I
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS. ,
The market Ib * . still glutted with Canta
loupes and I quotations . are low. Wine Grapes
are steady at the 'advance already noted, but
table Grapes continue slow. The other fruits
remain about the same. ' . .
■ Oranges are higher, being about out.
DECIDUOUS : FRUITS— „
Strawberries, : $2'g4 50 per chest for large and
$7@9'for small. ,
Figs.' 40'(7 73c per box. -double layers. .
Cantaloupes, 25c" per crate; 1 Nutmegs, IB®
Me per box; ; Watermelons, $15^17 per hun
dred for large and f S'«l2 for small to medium.
Huckleberries, 6c per lb.
Quinces. 60@75c. - -
. Pomegranates. SOO7Se per small box. "■
'-Cranberries. $S(S:S 50 "per barrel for Eastern
and $2 50<<J2 75 per box for Coos Bay. /
r Ordinary : . Grapes, 25@50c per box; Seedless,
S3@7sc; crates sell about 10c higher than boxes:
Isabellas, 50@S5c per crate; "Wine Graphs. $15<g>
17 per ton for Zlnfandel and $12@15 for common
Blackberries, 13 50@5 per chest.
Plums, 35<3"5c per crate and box. -
Peaches, . Eo#76c per . box ' for good to choice
and 35@40c' for common stock; - ■.. -
Raspberries. $*><s£7 per chest. . .
Apples 25@60c • for common, 75@900 per box
for ■No,"' 1 and |I@l 25 for choice.
Winter Pears, 35<ff75e per box.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges, $1 502F2 50 for
Valencias, $1 25*51 50 for Mediterranean
Sweets - and - ' $I@l 25 ■ ■ for -Seedlings;
Lemons, $1 60@2 50 for .;. common and I $3@5 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $5@6;. Califor
nia Limes. ; Bananas, $1 25@2 25 per bunch;
Pineapples. $3@4 per dozen. ;-
DRIED FBUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
The week opened quietly. Peaches were de- I
pressed. Prunes quiet. ' Apricots firm. Nuts
strong and- Honey X*ery stiff. .\
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes,' 6%@70 for 40-50' a,
■<>:. : 2 i< for 50-60' s.4@4Vie~f or 60-70' s',' 3*@3%c for
70-80's, 2%<g3c-Iror 80-90.", 2*@2%c for 90-100" a
and l*i©2e for 100-110's; Sliver Prunes. s@7c;
Peaches, 6@7c for good to : choice, 7%<u *%c for
fancy. and v 10@12^e • for . peeled; Apricots. 10$
12c : for Royals ; and/ 12<?jm2%c for . lloorpark;
Evaporated • Apples, 7',i@r%c; nun dried, 4^
4%c; Black- Figs, •■ sacks, ,2@2%c; Plums, 4V4Jt
6c for pitted and 1 : l@l%c for unpltted; Nec
tarines, ; 6®7c for prime .to fancy; < Pears. 6@7c
for quarters and S(S?9e for halves. .;.
RAISINS— 2%c - for ; two-crown, 4c for three
crown, * 4->«c fbr out-crown, : 4%<?f6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3Mc for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; dried Grapes. 2c.
Walnuts, 6c for hardshell,- 7c for soft
shell: Almonds, s@6c for hardshell, 13c for
Eoftshell, 13@14c,.f0r paper-shell; Peanuts, 4@
6%c for Eastern and- 4>/ic for California; Pe
cans, - B%©Sc; Filberts, 9%@10c;.: Brazil Nuts,
B®'.'o per Us; Cocoanuts. $4 50@5 per hundred.-
: HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and B@9c
for lower 'grades;- water white extracted,
6%fg>7c; light amber extracted, 6c; . dark,
6@5%c per rb. . " ,-• . I
•J BEESWAX— 24@26c per. lb.
, ' \ PROVISIONS.
The market, is very dull and the tendency is
j toward ; lower prices. • ; Lard, Hams , and ■ Bacon
are lower and the ■ latter is excessively \ weak. |
* CURED MEATS— Bacon, : ; 7%c per lb , for
heavy, Sc for light medium, , 10c for light,-; 10% c
for - extra light and ; 12(512%c ' for f sugar.* cured ;
Eastern - sugar cured Hams. -10c; ■ California i
Hams, 9@9Hc; : Mess Beef, $10@10 60 per bbl; j
extra Mess Beef, $U@ll 50; • Family Beef, ; $12@
12 50; extra : prime Pork, $10; > extra clear, $18® !
18 50; -mess, ? $15 50@16; Smoked Beef, . ll@l2c
per lb. ;.-•'. . - , "..,.;■'-.. '- ■'.» ..
r- LARD— Eastern, tierces,- quoted at 6>£e per lb
for compound and I%OTq for pure; palls, 7%c;
California tierces, 4%«g>sc > per lb ; for compound
and -i 6c for : pure : half < barrels, 6%c; 10-lb tins,
7*c: ' 5-lb : tins, - 7%c. :■ • :: - ■•■■'■ • ■ i - - ; ■ \ ■■■■■£.
;■-■-. COTTOLENE — Tierces, s»4<i?6V4e: packages
less : than ' 300 lbs— palls, . 60 in a case, 9Hc;
3-Tb pails, 20 In a case, B%c; 6-Ib palls. 12 In a
case, * B%c; 10- ! palls, 6ini a; , case. B%c; - 60
tins. 11 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, S%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net,- 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per It).
; HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL : AND HOPS.
HIDES , AND • SKINS— and * brands sell
about Ilc under the quotations.' '_ : Heavy salted
steers/ 10c ; > medium,- - 9c; * < light,**-: B%c; '■ Cow- ,
hides, 8%@9%c; • Stags, \ 6c ; sal ted Kip. \ 9c; ; Calf,
• £"j; dry Hides, i sound, 15c; culls ' and ' brands,
12©13 c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf. 17c;
■ Sheepskins. v< shearlings. 15@25c each: ;v short
wool, 30@40c each; medium, t>0(g80c; long wool,
90c@$l 10 ?. each; -.:-. Horsehldes, - salt. $2 for
large ■ and 11*3-1 60 for small; Colts, : 50c; Horse
hides, dry, $1 50 for large and $1 for small. ■-'.:
»; TALLOW— i 1 '■ rendered. 5 3%@3%c per 1b;
No. 2, refined. 4%@4%c; Grease, 2c. .
'■3, WOOL— FaII ■ clip. ~ Southern Mountain. 7@loc;
free ;■; Northern, r, 9@l2c. w Spring I clip— Southern
Mountain, , 12 1 months', 9@llc; ? San Joaquin and
Southern, 7-- months', 8@10c ; -ji Foothill ■ . ' and
Northern, free, 12®14c; I Foothill and '■ Northern,
defective, 10@12c; Middle County, 15(516c; Hum
boldt and ; Mencloclno, 140*110; } Nevada, lie;
Eastern Oregon, 10<&12c; Valley Oregon, 15®170.
HOPS— IB9B crop. ll@l4c per lb.
GENERAL. MERCHANDISES.
.i Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,;
nominal, at 4%@5c; Wool Bags, 26@28c; 9an
Quentin Bags; $4 85; Fruit ; Bags,. 6c, :6%c and
6%c for the three grades of white and 7©Bo for
brown. -" ■■<•-- J ■■ ■ ■ '•-.' -. ■' - ■ • --.■•- •-•'--.
COAL— Wellington, IS per ton; New Welling
ton, »8; f Southneld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
16; Bryant.. $6; Coos - Bay, $5; Wallsend. ■$7 60.
Scotch. $8; Cumberland, $10 In bulk and $11 25
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. »14:
Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke; , $12 per ton in bulk and »14
in sacks. :■ ■.•-.;■■."■■.■. ■■; ..".. ■■"■.':*' ■ "•'•■ ; '-'•*. £.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: . Cube Crusnea
and Fine Crushed, 7%c; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 6%c; Dry Granulated, 6c; Confec
tioners' A, 6c; California A, 5%c; Magnolia A,
B%c; Extra C,6Hc; Golden C, 5%c; half-barrels.
%c more than barrels, and boxes %c more. No
order taken for leas , than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. ' . •
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
■ Hogs opened the -week firm at the advance
already noted. > They are now scarce. The other
descriptions are unchanged.' \ •
: Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: v ■ --. ".-
BEEF— quality, 6@6%c; second quality,
5%c; third quality, 4@sc. v -
, VEAL— Large, 6c; small, 6V4®Bc per lb.
MUTTON .— Wethers. 6(S»7c; Ewes,' 6@6Hc
per Tb. - : *
LAMB— Spring- Lamb. 7%@Bc per lb. ;
PORK— Hogs, 3V4@3%c for large, 4®4V4c
for medium and 3^i@3M.c for small; stock Hogs,
2@Sc; dressed Hogs. 4 iJi6%c. : ;
iv.; RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE. ; :
/ For Monday, October IX
FJoni\ «ir ska ... 83,670 Pelts, . bdls «47
Wheat, etl« 365 Hides; no 651
Barley, ctis ..... 3,780 Raisins, sks "..... 1.887
Cheese, ctls 40 Eggs. ■ do* 7.080
Butter, - etls ..... 76 Leather, rolls ... 119
Tallow, ctU ..... .203 Lumber, ft 20,000
Beans, sks 1,692 Wine, gals 49.200
Wool, bale* 235 Sugar, ska 3,410
Potatoes, ska ... 8,980 Brandy, gals .... 8.750
Onions, sks ..... 1,040 Lime, bbls ...... 81
Hops, bales ....... 191|Sulrar, bbls 801
Hay, tons ..; 6101 ' ,
OREGON.
Oats, ctls ........ - 990! Hay. tons „...,•... 80
■- .' WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr eks ... 3,672|0at5, ctls ........ 6,550
Wheat, ctls ....^4, 320 1 Wool, bales 75
"EASTERN.
Corn, ctls ........ 1,200.1 • "•
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks opened tha week lower and
quiet.
The Eureka. Con. delinquent sale takes place
to- day.
Liocal securities were moderately active and
not materially change*
The Natoma Vineyard Company paid a
monthly dividend of 6c per share yesterday.
The Marln County Water Company paid a
quarterly dividend of 75c per share yesterday.
The delinquent assessment sale of the Sutro
Railroad Company has been further postponed
to October 31. •
The St. John Quartz Mining Company of
Grass Valley has levied an assessment of 5c
per share, delinquent November 7.
The following- mining companies report cash
on hand October 1: Alta, $102; Alpha Con.,
JJS3T; Andes, $2848; Beet & Belcher, $2427; Bul
lion, $359; Caledonia, $6797; Challenge Con.,
$2062; (.'hollar, 1816; Con. Cal. & Va., $38,201;
Confidence, $1367; Con. New York, $231; Con.
Imperial, $381; Crown Point. $1936; Exchequer,
$361; Gould & Curry, $7325; Hale & Norcross
(Fox management), $4073; Julia Con., $600;
Justice, $2u; Mexican. $2623; Ophir, $11,980; Oc
cidental Con., $107; Potosi, $4051; . Savage, $126;
Seg. Belcher, $164; .Sierra Nevada. $17,322; Syn
dicate, $1250; Standard Con., $$2,742; Union Con.,
|8f174; Utah Con., $3120.
The official report of the operations in the
Sierra Nevada mine for the week ending Oc
tobor 8 is as follows: Rlley tunnel— During the
week extracted 3 mining cars of ore from the
third floor. The average assay of samples taki-n
from the face was gold, $21 75; silver, 7 ouncee
per ton. The northwest drift from the station
at the 140 level of the shaft was advanced 30
feet, making a total of 70 feet; face in por
phyry, with a seepage of water. The milling
of the Sierra Nevada ore Is nearly completed.
The average assay value of battery samples
was, gold, $24 06; silver. 10.05 ounces. 900 level
—The upraise in west crosscut No. 2 from the
north lateral drift was advanced 6 feet; total,
43 feet; top in porphyry.
In the Union ('on. mine west crosscut No. 3
from the south lateral drift at a point 225 feet
south from, the upraise and 190 feet vertically
above the sill floor of the 900 level was advanced
1C feet; total length, 240 feet; face in porphyry,
with a seepage of water.
Brunswick lode: Best & Belcher, Gould &
Curry and Savage— On the Sutro tunnel level
the Joint- west crosscut, started at a point 194
feet from the main tunnel in the north drift,
has beon advanced 14 feet; total length, 173
feet; face In porphyry. They have started an
east crosscut from a point opposite where west
crosscut was started.
Chullar and Potosi. 800 level— The east cross
cut No. 2, started from the main south drift,
130 feet south of the Ch<>!lar north line, has
been advanced 20 feet; face In porphyry-
Occidental Con.— The official letter for the
past week says: "Hare done no work In the
mine during the week. Shipped to Selby & Co.
36,725 pounds of concentrates, valued by assay
at $000 per ten."
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Oct. 10—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds- S F G & E.... 86% 87
4s avar coup.. lll 112 San Fran .... 3 3^4
4b quar reg... 110^110% Stockton Gas.. 13 —
4s quar new. ..127 127^ Insurance
3s n ew 104%104Ts Flrem's Fund.2os —
Misoellaneotis— Water Stocks—
Cal-«t Cab 55.115mi6H Contra Costa.. 54% —
Cal El 6s 125 — Marin Co 50 —
C C Wat 53.. .100%- Spring Valley. 100*100%
Dup-st ex c... — 98% Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65. ..131%— Anglo-Cal .... 68 —
F& C 1 Rv 6s. — 116 1*;1 *; Bank of Ca1... 249 251
Geary-st B ss. — 100 Col SD & T.. - 100
H C & S 4%5.100% — First Nat 205 —
LAL Co 65.. - 100 Lon P & L...128% -
Do «ntd 65.. 99 100 Vi Mer Exchange — 18
Market-st 65.. 128* - Nev Nat 8....1KH -
Do Ist M 55.114%114<4 Savings Jian.w —
Nat yin 6s Ist — 97% Ger S & L...1600 —
N C NGRy 75. 105% — Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Rv Cal 65..U2H114 Mutual Say. 35 45
N Ry Cal 55.. 103% — S F Say U.. 495 600
NPC R R 65. 103 106 S& L 50.... — 98
NPC R R 55.i00%10l Security S B 300 —
N Cal R R 6s. — — Union T C0.102S —
Oak Gas 5s 108%109% Street Railroads—
6m Ry 6s 12fi 127 California ....108 —
P& d Ry 65. 106 103 Geary 45 —
P & O 6s 112 — Market-st 54 —
Powell-st G5...U9 — Presidio 8% —
Reno W L&L.l ft o — Powder-
Sac El Rv of. loo — California 125 145
tJ F& N P 55.109%109% E Dynamite... 85 95
SterraßCal 6s. — 106 Giant Con Co. 48* 49
BPof Ar 65.. — 10S Vlgorit 2% 2%.
P P Cal 6s 110U; — Miscellaneous —
HPC lsog 55.. — 104 Al Pac A55n.. 102% —
B P Br 6s 115 115%iOer Ld Wk5..160 —
S V Water 6s. 117% — Hana P C 0.... 17% 17%
S V Water 4s.l 1 13»i1< 1 3% HC &S C 0... 34 34%
Stockton Ga5.. 101% — Hutch 8 P Co. 55% 59
Gas & Electro-— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Cent GasllKht.los — Nnt Yin C 0... — 5
Cent L & P... 8 9% Oceanic S Co. 56% 57*
Mutual El Co. 9% 10% Pacific A F A 1% 2'i
Oakland Gas.. 53% f>4"-4 Pac C Bor Co. — 103
I'ac Gas Imp.. — 89 Par Paint Co. 7 —
Pac 1» do 50
Morning Session.
10 Alaska Puckers' Association l"2 62%
10 do do 102 75
X do do 102 57%
IJO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 33 75
5 Market-Street Railway 54 12%
"0 ( >ceanlc Steamship Co 57 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 50
10 do do 86 12%
10 d/> do 86 50
27 S F Gaslight 3 12%
2 do do 3 00
$5000 Spring Valley fls Bonds 117 50
Afternoon Session.
15 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
800 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 34 00
40 Hutchinson S P Co 58 75
5 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 50
35 Spring Valley Water 100 37%
$10 000 Northern Ry of Cal 5a Bonds 103 25
$17' 000 Spring Valley 6s Bonds 117 50
$5000 U S 3s BonSs (coupon) 104 87V4
* INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
$5000 Market-street Ry Co 5s 114 50
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 33 50
Afternoon Session.
20 Alaska Packers' Association..^. 103 00
50 Market-street Railway 54 50
85 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 00
70 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 33 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 24.200 Seg Belcher 03
400 Con Cal & Va... 75 400 Sierra Nevada... 78
100 74 [400 Union Con 23
400 Gould & Curry.. 10 M 022
300 Ophir 5* 1 100 Utah 07
700 64)100 Yellow Jacket... 19
70 63 300 20
1100 Potost v 151
Afternoon Session.
600 Belcher U 400 Ophir , 55
200 Challenge 15 S«0 Sierra Nevada... 79
400 Con Cal & Va... 76 400 Union Con 23
400 Crown Point 13 KOO Yellow Jacket... 21
400...., 14 100 20
400 Mexican 18
Following were the sales In Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 10 1300 Hale & Norcrosa 96
SOO Belcner 111200 Mexican IS
700 Best & Belcher 23 400 Ophlr SS
1100 Con Cal & Va.. 74 300 54
SOP 73 SOO Potosl Ifi
200 TJ| 300 Savage 08
400 Gould & Curry.. 19 1000 Standard 170
COO » 1 £0 : 8v0 Union Con 22
Afternoon Session.
400AndeB 10 500 Justice ~ 2]
800 Belcher 11 600 Ophir .««.. < °*
200 Best & Belcher. 23 500 Savage .......... «»
360 Con Cal & Va... 74 100 Sierra Nevada.. 7»
368 75 ! 300 '5
200 Hale & Norcross 86 600 Utah •• °<
200 95
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Oct. 10—4 p. tn.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Julia — «£
Alta OS 07 Juptice 07 OS
Andes 08 10 Kentuck 02 *
Belcher 10 11 Lady Wash .... — «|
Benton Con ... 06 12 Mexican 17 10
Best & Belcher 23 24 Occidental — |«
Bullion 02 03 Ophir "3 o4
Caledonia 20 24 Overman 04 05
Chollar 13 HlPntosl IB 1»
Challenge Con. 14 16 Savage 07 09
Confidence 45 4S Scorpion i» "•>
Con OU & Va. 73 74 Seg Belcher ... 02 03
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 78 »y
Crown Point... 13 14 Silver Mill .... — W
Con New York. — 03 Syndicate — "•»
Eureka Con ... 30 40; Standard 1651 i 0
Exchequer — 03! Union Con 22 24
Gould & Currj-. 18 li-lUtah 06 Oi
Hale & NVcrs. 90 1 001 Yellow Jacket. 19 20
B.EAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
. Winiametta H. Cook and Elizabeth H. Oul
ton to Margaretha Hildebrandt, lot commencing
100 W of Mission street and 210:6 N of Seven
teenth, W 15:10% by N 29:6; *175. .. ■ • '
Same to John and Louise Bach, J lot com
mencing 100 W of Mission street and 239 S of
Sixteenth, \V 15:10% by S 23:6; $150.
BSame8 Same to James P. Oughin ! lot .commencing
100 W of Mission street and 215:8 fa Of blx
teenth W 15:10% by 8 23:6; $150. —- -
Helen M. or Mary A. Church. James H.,
Fred C and W. R. Gerdes to Sarah Gerdes,
lot on E line of 'Mission street. 120 N of Nine
teenth N 30 by E 122:6; also lot on E line of
Mission street, 180 N of Nineteenth, N 30 by
T^ 122 "6 * * cif t *
Myraß. Henner (Hussey), wife/ John A. and
Elizabeth G. Hoveler (Hussey), "wife of E. D.
W Hoveler, to G. B. and Catherine • Dondero,
lot on S line of Lombard n street, 137:6 W of
PP E W mma^haU y ers (wUe of John Chambers) to
TlmoSy Riordan and Catherine Lynch, lot on
S line of Filbert street, j 87:6 E of Parkin. E 2o
b3 r)lvid :6 D Houston (by John K.*Moore, at
to?rev) to Jam™ Kelly outside land block 653,
r unlid tO by a H and /'streets. Twentieth and
Twenty-first avenues (quitclalni deed) , fooo._
A and Mary Mohr to Mary C. Peterson, lot
on W line of North avenue, 140 S of Courtland,
I 25 by W 129:9, lot 29. block 5. Fairs subdi
vision of Holly Park; SISDO. _ _ T « nk , n ,
Annie and Henry Singer, to Elinor E. , J«nklns.
lot on E corner of old San /<«e roed ana_Na«^ee
avenue, NE 54:6 more or less by SE 120, block
2, West End map 2; $250.
Alameda County.
E L Reed to Matilda W. Reed, lots 8 and
7 Hamilton Tract, Oakland, gift. - •
G and Mary Peladeau and Annie Beaudry
to James and Theresa , McFarland, beginning
at a point on Eleventh street, 275 N on W line
Eleventh from N line Folsom, W 100, N K.l£
E 100.16, S 31.89 to beginning, being _ the N
section of lot 1, block 3, Beaudry and Pela
deau property, Oakland Annex, $10.
Joseph H. and Agnes A. Simpson to Wil
liam H. Pratt, lot N line of Brown or Thirty
fourth street. 429 W of Telegraph avenue, "VV
35 by N 119:10, Oakland, $10.
M J and Annie O'Gara to Joseph and
Bertha Raymond, lot on N W corner of West
Fourteenth and : Cypress streets. W 30 by N
10" block 552, map of baseball grounds. Four
teenth and Center streets, Oakland, $10. _ _
Nels L and Sine M. Monk to Edna F. Beck
ett (wife of J P.), .lot 20. block D, Gasklll
Tract, Oakland Annex, $10. ■ ,_ •
Francis -A. Raleigh to Warren Cheney, lot
on NW corner of Bristol and California streets,
N 135 by W 100. being portion range 13, Hardy
Tract, Brooklyn, $10. O. Crozier to Wlckliffe
Samuel and Frances O. Crozier to WlcklifTe
Matthews, lot on E line o( Boston avenue, 306
S of Chicago avenue, E 122, S 76.92. NW 124.48
X 52 to beginning, being lots 13 and 14, biock
D, Revised Map Prospect Hill Tract, Brooklyn
T 'w and' Rose E. Matthews to California
Real" Estate and • Investment Company, same,
?1 Bank of California to Manuel C. Vargas, lot
on N line of Harlan street. 251 E of Clarke, L
50 by N 150, being portion of Hemme Tract,
San Leandro, Eden Township, $200.
■ Joslah Harding to Mary A. Healey, all In
terest in estate of John G. Harding, deceased,
deed and assignment, $500.
The dragon-fly can outstrip the swal
low It can fly backward and sidelong,
to right and left, as well as forward, and
can alter its course on the instant with
out turning. It makes twenty-eight beats
per second with its wings, while the bee
makes 190 and the horse-fly 300.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office located In the Merchants" Exchange. Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit o;
mariners, without regard to nationality and
cordially Invited to TiaU tb»
office, where complete Bets of charts and sail
ing directions o£ the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice statins whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, If any, is published
in the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., In charge.
BUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetio Sarv«r—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. OCTOBER 11.
Sun rise* 6:15
Sun sets 5:38
Moon rises 2:11 a. m.
2:00
2:41
3:15
1.
1.
1.
2.
9:30
10:19
ll:09i
4.2
4.3
4.5
4.5
I
-
10:34
L. W
5:01
! R-11
4:30 !
'• 5:12
Ih W
11:08
11:45
6.
I 5:58
1
1-0.2
-0-2
2.
i •
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left"
Iftjnd colvijnn and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and* the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height,
and then the numher given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Aztec China and Japan (Oct. 11
Cleveland St. Michael Oct. 11
Newport |Manlla lOct. U
Eli Thompson.. !Puget Sound !Oet. 11
City of Panama Tana ma Oct. 11
State California! Portland Oct. U
Australia 'Honolulu Oct. 11
Curacao ISeatOa Oct. 11
Progreso {Seattle Oct. 11'
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 11
Portland St. Michael (Oct. 12
Corona San Diego Oct. 12
North Fork iHumbcldt Oct. 12
Mackinaw Tacoma Oct. 12
Orizaba Mexico Oct. 12
Slam Nanalmo Oct. 12
Chllkat Humboldt Oct. 12
Del Norte Crescent City Oct. 13
Signal Astoria Oct. IS
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 13
Geo. VT. Elder.. Portiand Oct. 14
Homer {Newport Oot. 14
ITmatilla ...|Victorla & Puget Sound Oct. 11
Alliance [Orejron Ports ; |O-»t. 14
Czarina jTacoma !o<-t. 14
Pomona i Humboldt Oct. 14
Bristol r'Departure Bay 'Oct. 15
Panta Rosa Pan Diego [Oct. 16
Leelanaw Seattle !0ct."16
Mlneola jTacoma jOct. 16
Grace D011ar.... Yaqulna Bay 'Met. 14
Columbia Portland [Oct. 17
Doric China and Japan ;Oct. 13
COM Bay 'N-wf-rt ' vt . 1^
Steamer.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. 1 Pier.
Gaelic China* Japan; Oct. U. 1 pm!PMSS
Pomona .... Humboldt .... Oct. 11. 2 pmlPler I
Coos Bay... Newport 'Oct. V 2. 'J am Pier VI
Arcata ....ICn.is Bay (Oct. 12. 10 amiPler 13
State of Cal 1 Portland iOct. 13. 10 am Pier 24
Walla Wall! Vie & Pgt Sd.'Oct. IS. 10 am Pier 9
Chllkat ....jHumbol.lt ....;Oct. 13, 2 pmlPler 13
Corona |San Diego O<*. 14. 11 am! Pier 11
O W Elder Portland |Oct. 18, 10 am! Pier 24
Orizaba .... Newport 'Oct. 18. JamllVr 11
Alllam-e . . . lHumboldt . . . . Oct. IT. 9 am! Pier LI
Weeott iTUlamwk lOct. IS. 5 pmlPler 13
Signal iOrays I' arbor Oct. 18
Santa Rosa.i San DieKO Oct. tt, 1! am Pier 11
Umatllla . JVlc & Pgt Sd. Oct. IS. 10 atn.Pier 9
Curacao ... [Mexico Oct. 18. in ami Pier 9
Cy PanamaiPanama Oct. 18, 12 m'PMSS
Columbia ..'Portland Oct. I', !■» ;nn Pier 2t
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
:
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrogrraphic Office. V. 9. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cat., Oc
tober 10, 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon, today-*
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at a
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, October 18.
Btmr I Bunol, Dettmers, . 78 hours from Cos
mopolls. - ■-....-■
- ' Btmr George Lioomls, Brldgett, 84 hoars from
Ventura. -■> ■•;.>-.» i
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, 24 • hours frem Eu
reka. " --.:
. Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, 74 hours from Newport
and way ports.
*A Br ehlp Star of Russia, Roberts, 189 days from
Antwerp. - •'.• :
Ship .Tacoma, Davis, 27 days from Honolulu.
Bktn 8 N Castle, Hubbard, 15% days from
Honolulu. .
Bktn Jane A. Falkinburg-, Cook, 11 days from
Port Angeles.
Schr . Monterey, ■ Beck, 18 hours from Barrens
Landings '
Bchr Edward Farke, Johnson, 8% days from
Usal. o ■■'.■-' •■: .-
Bohr Bender Brothers. Wetsel, 60 hours from
Bo wens Landing.
Schr Sparrow, Dart, 6 days from Eureka.
Schr Eclipse, Brummer, 7 days from Eu
reka.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 80 hour* from
Phelps Landing. . • _"".•
Schr Llllebonne. Hansen, 8 day« from Coos
Bay.
Schr Ootoma, Dedriek, 7 days from Coo«
Bay.
CLEARED.
• • Monday, October 10.
Stmr Columbia. Green, Astoria; Oregon Rail
road and Nay Co.
Brig J D Spreckelsu Christiansen, Honolulu!
J D Bpreckfels & Bro/Co.
- SAILED..
Monday, October 10.
Stmr South Portland, Seeley, Seattle.
Stmr Columbia, Green. Astoria. •
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Point Arena.
Stmr South Portland, Seeley, Seattle.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego.
Br ship Lord Templeton. McCracken, Mol
lendo.
Bark Big Bonanza, Bergman, Departure Bay.
Brig J.D Spreckels. Chrlstensen, Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct. 10—10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, NW; velocity, 20 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.'-
LONDON. Oct 10— Br ship Lord Rlpon, from
Tacoma. . arrived at Queenstown with sundry
losses and damages sustained in heavy weather
during a hurricane in lat 56 S, long 76 W. on.
July 29.
DOMESTIC PORTS. •
ASTORIA— Oct 10— Schr Novelty, for
Melbourne.
Arrived Oct Stmr Alliance, hence Oct 8,
via Eureka and Coos Bay. • • - ■
PORT LUDLOW— Oct 10— Chll bark
Latona, for Valparaiso.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Oct 10— Schr J M Colmaa
for Olympta.
EUREKA— Oct 10— Schr Eureka, hno
Oct 5. • i ■;,••■
Sailed Oct 10— Schr Twilight, for San Pedro.
PORT ANGELES— Oct 10-^Stm Jeanta
for San Francisco; stmr Cleveland, for Seat
tle. v
STEWARTS POINT Sailed Oct . 10— Schr Ar
chle and Fontie, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct Aua
stmr Burma, from Nanalmo. ' '
FORT ROSS— Arrived Oct 10— Schr La Chil
ena, hence Oct 6, and sailed for San Francisco.
TIMBER COVE— Oct Schr J Ep
plnger, hence Oct 8.
USAL — Oct — Stmr Hueneme, for San
Francisco.
ROCKPORT— Arrived Oot 10— Stmr South
Coast, hence Oct 9.
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct 10— Schr. Letitla
from San Pedro.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Pasadena,
from B an Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Oct B— Schr W F
Jewett, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 9 Schr Eva, from San Pedro.
EUREKA— Oct 9— Schrs Occidental
and Bertie Minor, hence Oct 4.
Sailed Oct 9— Schr James H Bruce, for Port
Blakeley: schr Fortuna, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Oct 10— Schr G W Watson,
from San Pedro.
COOS Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Empire,
hence Oct 7.
' Sailed Oct 10 — Stmr Arcata. for San Fran
cisco.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Oct 9— Schr Nokomia, for v
Port Townsend. •
EVERETT— SaiIed Oct 9— Schr Una. for Mom
Landing.
NEAH BAY— Passed Oct 10— Stair Quean, hno
Oct 8, for Victoria. ...
CLALLAM BAY— In port Oct 10— Bktn Ame
lia, from ■ Port Blakeley, for Honolulu. - '
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 10— ■hip,
Atalanta. from Santa Rosalia. - - ■
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct 10— Btmr Georg* W
Elder, hence Oct 7.
Sailed Oct Stmr Stat* of California, for.
San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Sept 28— Schr Transit,
hence Sent 15.
COLON— Arrived Oot S— Stmr Alllanca. from
New York.
Sailed Oct 6— Stmr Flnace, for New York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Oot B— Br atmr Olen
gyle, hence Sept 13.
Sailed Oct B— Stmr Emprew of Japan, ttr
Vancouver.
OCEAN TBAVEZb
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
l. Steamers leave .. Broadway
Kgßtsaw^ ' wharf, .San Francisco:
fESa For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
HjfCWlfc Oct. 3, 8, IS, IS, 23, 28. Nor, 8,
> L IGml transfer at Seattle.
j lcß£2Hjni or Victoria, Vancouver (B.
gATJJpTjj MM\ C.). Port Townsend. Seattle.
r^^SSSil Tacoma. Everett, Anacortat
,'~*<inU^B and New Whatcom (Wash.). II
a. m., Oct. 3, 13, 18, 23, 28, Nov.
» anrt *v#rv fifth day thereafter, transfer at
Seattle to this company steamers ; for Alaska
and G. N. %7.. at Tacoma to N. P. ■ Ry.. at .
■ VFV F n C OU Eureka C (Humbo y idt Bay). 1 p. ml. Oct.
1. 6, IL'l6. 21. 26. 81. Nov. 5, and every ** °*
d ¥or he Sant t a r "crur, Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota,' Santa Barbara, Ventura. : Hueneme. ;
Pan Pedro East San Pedro- (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 a. m.. Oct. 4. 8 12. 16. 20, 24.28. Nov. j
1 and every fourth day thereafter. _-__-•
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Tvis Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m Oct "6. 10. 14. 18, 22,-26. 30. Nov. 8. and
*>very fourth day thereafter. '■'
For En.senada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax, Santa Rosalia i
and Guaymas (Mex.). , 10 a. m., 18th of «very |
For further Information obtain folder. '
The company reserves the right to Changs
without previous notice steamers, sailing date.
aT\fl hmirs n f sailing. — I New ' Montgomery,
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
8t GOODALL: e pERKIN S & CO.. Gen. Arts.. I
' ; .. ,-j : ' 10 Market at.. San Francisco. •
THE 0. R. & N. Co.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO -
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berth*
iMnu :$8 Second Class - and Meals.
Geo. W. Elder sails Oct. 7. 16, 25, Nov. 8.
Columbia sails Oct. 10, 19. 28. Nov. 6.
State of California sails Oct. 13, 22, 31. Nov. 9. .
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane.' Butte.
Helena- and ■ all points - in the ■ Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. ,
: . E. C. WARD, General Agent,
. -. -630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
• Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique,
<■ r °_ (French Line) -
DIRECT LINE TO HA~RE-PARIS .
(FRANCE). Saill — every Saturday Icitil HCtN
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42. North ■""■■*
River, foot of Morton street. ■■
LA CAMPAGNE ...."..••'... Oct. 15
LA NAVARRE*..:-..... Oct. 22
NORMANBIE Oct. 29
LA TOURAINE..I, Nov. 5
LA GA5C0GNE. .'..... i.:...... :...;. .Nov. II
LA CHAMPAGNE..;.. ...;.............;.. Nov. 19
• First class ~to Havre $30 and upward, 6 per
cent - reduction on • round trip. Second class to
Havre. $45; 18 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green, New. York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents.
6 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco, y" - - * j
-jmpi- Im mi ai WC3 q S. S. AUSTRALIA
■jSB«WS3CH»BIiL sails for Honolulu only .
(ft? \lVCa«S S *aS« S « r Wednesday/ October 13k
6« ■£h iSpVd ■* at 2 p. m.
fMT— IMfsEHsW The S. AUSTRALIA
sails for Honolulu only
• »srll««W Wednesday/ October 1&.
U" at 2 p. m.
■ The S. S. MARIPOSA
Q+n^mcnin,-) «alls via Honolulu and
rtl«lIll5lliP c; Auckland for Sydney
f?VnR<M?AI" i>We<lne! " lay ' Novem ' )er
j \v)tlfvUlCc!| 2 ' at 2p. in. ■ i *
* "Line to COOLGARDIE.' Australia, and CAPE
Freight *of flee— 327 Market , St.. San Francisco. "
ROUND THE WORLD
: A - special party visiting .; Hawaii. V Japan.
China.- tlte Philippines, India, Egypt, etc., will
leave Sair Francisco by S. S. Doric October 29.
Membership limited 10 persons. Programmes of
THOS. COOK & SON.
■)■':■' :- 621 Market st., San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER . STEAMERS.
NAVY-YARD AMD VALLEJOr
Steamer "Montioello." "" .
Mon., Tue*.. Wed.. Thurar and Sat.... ,
9:45 a. m., 8:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thur*.l
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
8unday5. ............. ..;...10:50 a. m. and I p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pier a.
■.'-::.-■, : Telephone Red 8241. ;, .
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY.' TOO, at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO, •.Clay-street -Wharf, Fare to .
San Jose, 50c; round trip. 75c. ~:.\- ..
i • Delightful Bay Excursions. Alviao and return.
I 160.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
FRED DAVIS,
COUNTY EXPERT,
HAS RESIGNED
A Surprise Before the
Supervisors.
SURMISE AS TO THE CAUSE
HAD IT ANY CONNECTION WITH
THE GRAND JURYP
Davis Did Not Offer Any Explana
tion, but Gave Up His Position
With Appropriate
Courtesy.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broudway, Oct. 10.
Fred A. Davis, who has been for a long ]
time county expert, surprised everybody j
to-day by tendering his resignation to the j
Board of Supervisors. No one had any
Intimation that the resignation was to be
presented, and it was whispered in the
lobby that it must have some connection
with the doings of the Grand Jury.
A week ago the Grand Jury instructed |
the District Attorney to bring suit for |
the recovery of a number of bills aggre
gating a few thousand dollars which had j
Been paid without any warrant of law. I
This action created some surprise, as the j
bills had all been regularly exported and j
passed upon by the Finance committee ,
of the Supervisors.
Some months ago there was some dis
faction over the office of expert and j
a resolution was passed by the Hoard of j
Supervisors setting forth the hours dur-
Ing which all employes of the board must ,
be on duty.
Still later at the primary election Air.
I'avls was one of the officers of election,
and some talk was caused by the manner i
In which the primaries were conducted in ,
the Fourth \\ anl.
Still later the Grand Jury took up the j
matter of experting county claims, and (
some very remarkable discoveries were
mad©, plainly showing fraud on the part
of some of those who swore to their bills. |
While these matters did not directly affect j
Expert Davis, they added to the growing !
dissatisfaction existing, although no one j
was prepared for the sudden resignation, j
The expert offered no explanation, but .
merely said "I herewith tender my resig- \
nation as counfy expert with the reauest
that the same be accepted to date from
to-day. I thank you all for the courtesy :
and assistance given me In the discharge j
of my duties."
The resignation was accepted and E. B. |
Bullock, formerly secretary of the Board ;
of Education in Alameda, was appointed I
to nil the vacancy at a salary of *125 per I
month.
Supervisor Roeth ohjected to taking im
ite action. He said Davis had not
attended to his duties fur the past week.
and Roeth did not believe him entitled to
for that period. Supervisor Wells
T'jper tim. I was
when Davis' bill was presented for ap
proval. Davis was not present at the
meeting to-day. It is understood that he
Intends to remove to San Francisco.
TRYING TO STAMP OUT
A SCOURGE AT NILES
SCARLET FEVER IN THAT BURG I
VERY PREVALENT.
I
A Delegation Appears Before the Su- j
. pervisors Asking for Power to
Check the Malady.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Oct. 10.
The prevalence of scarlet fever at Xiles j
is now regarded as very serious, and it |
has about reached- the proportion of an '
epidemic. There are nearly a score of I
cusea among the residents, and many |
more in the Portuguese section. Some !
time ago the public school was ordered j
closed as a precautionary measure, but
the disease still spread, and yesterday
the Sunday-pchools were closed, and un
less a change occurs before next Sunday
there will be no church services.
A delegation of people from Niles vis- i
ited the Supervisors to-day to see if some
steps could not be taken to enforce meas
ures that will stam;i out the disease.
Some time ago it was discovered that
there is no legal authority for the ap- ]
pointment of county health officers, and j
those then in office were discharged. !
Since that time there has been no au- i
thority outside of the towns and cities !
for the enforcement of any sanitary reg
ulations, and this Is blamed in part for
the present condition of affairs at Nlles.
The Supervisors were asked to appoint
an officer, or at least to take some steps I
that would result in forcing the adop- |
tion of precautionary measures and the j
carrying out of quarantine when desired.
In addition to sixteen cases reported !
it is known that many cases exist in the ;
Portuguese section that have not been j
made known. Just how far the fever
has spread is not known, but there Is
genuine consternation in the township,
and a general desire that some author!- i
tative step be taken to protect the In
habitants. Some of the localities where j
the scarlet fever exists are among the i
most unsanitary, and It is believed that !
if everything that has a tendency to I
breed and spread the disease were re- I
moved, the epidemic would disappear in
a very short time.
Dr. B. A. Chalmers appeared before the
Supervisors, and the matter was referred '
to Supervisor Wells.
Alameda County Court Notes.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10.— Lydia A. Levison,
through her attorney, J. W. Carter, to
day commenced suit for divorce from J.
L. Levlson.
Letters of administration have been is
sued to Public Administrator W. H. ■
Knight on the estate of Cleophas Gre
goire. the young man who shot himself in
the left breast live times recently and :
was found dead on Hobart street.
I The will of Arthur yon Gieglinger, who
committed suicide about two weeks ago i
by sending a bullet through his brain, :
was filed for probate to-day. The estate
consists of twenty shares of capital stock
of the Pacific States Savings L. &\B. Co., i
valued at $1000. and $100 worth of jewelry. j
End of a Long Litigation.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10. — The litigation ;
over the estate of Mrs. Elizabeth L. Cook ;
which has been in the courts for several '
years has finally been settled by a de
cision from the Supreme Court in the suit
of Public Administrator W. H. Knight to |
compel W. G. Trlpp, Mrs. Cook's financial
agent, to give up certain property belong- ;
Ing to the estate, and including moneys
in bank aggregating about $10,000, and j
gome loan association stock valued at •
&l'*~ 66.
C. J. Benjamin's Death.
OAKLAND Oct. 10.— Clayton J. Benja- !
mm another old resident of this city,
aierl yesterday after a protracted illness. !
Deceased had been in the employ of the j
southern Pacific Company for the past i
nrteen years. He leaves a wife and two i
daughters, Lillian and Gertie, the latter
a teacher in Swott School. East Oakland.
Charged With Grand Larceny.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10.— John F. Piggott i
Pi A ;' ln rhl ldß. accused of having |
picked the pocket of Mrs. Wlderman of i
vallejo at the Oakland mole recently,
have been formally charged with grand \
larceny, the complaint being sworn to by j
Detective Gibson of San Francisco. j
Mystery of a Tricycle.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10.-A tricycle, belong- j
i?f J2n^i?t yor , omas> "ttle eight-year
old daughter, stolen two years ago, has I
lust been returned as mysteriously as It
disappeared from the Mayor 1 back yard.
£?,?£ lß^**? 1 *S arly thl " morning it
occupied almost the same place It did
prior to Its disappearance. The plush on
the seat is hadly worn, but barring the
wear, the wheel has not changed mate
rially, and the Mayor and his family are
now wondering why any one should re
turn it after two years have passed.
Colored Veteran Drops Dead.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10.— Joseph Davis, a
colored veteran of the civil war, latterly
working as a teamster and residing at b.3
Valdcz street, dropped dead early this
morning while going from his home to
the old free market stalls east of Twen
ty-third avenue, where he kept his team.
Deceased was a member of Lyon Post,
G. A. R., and was a native of Florida.,
aged 57 years. He had been subject to
epileptic fits.
Quick Capture of Robbers.
OAKLAND. Oct. 10.— Thieves broke into
the railroad station at Giant a few da>s
ago. securing some money and the agent s
watch. Deputy Sheriffs Higgins and Bo
quet were immediately notified of tne
robbery, and taking the trail of the
thieves', caught them within two hours
the burglary on the road to Oak
land. The prisoners gave their names as
Frank Johnson and Joseph Daly and are
believed to be old hands at the business.
T.f-y are now in the Contra Costa County
jail, "awaiting a hearing.
Took "Rough on Rats."
OAKLAND. Oct. 10.— John -Tweter. a
cook residing at the corner of Fifth and
Clay street?, took a dose of rough on
rats' this afternoon and died at the Re
celvlng Hospital early this evening.
Tweter had been out of work and money
for some time and this prompted him to
end his troubles. Deceased was aged
about 45 years and leaves a son and a
daughter, "the later residing at Santa
Plum Killed at Tucson.
OAKLAND. Oct. 10.— News has reached
here of the death of Frank O. Plum, son
of Mrs. M. Plum, residing at 960 Chester
street Young Plum was a hrakeman em
ployed by the Southern Pacific Company
and" was Killed in an accident at Tucson,
Ariz The particulars are very scant, but
the- body' will arrive here to-morrow,
when the full facts will be known.
NO MEETING OF THE
COUNCIL LAST NIGHT
CITY DEPARTMENTS IN A STATE
OF CONSTERNATION.
Much Feeling Over the Tax Levy.
Sentiment Regarding the Lake
Merritt Appropriation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
- Broadway, Oct. 10.
No Council meeting was called for this
evening and there is consternation in all
the city departments. Mayor Thomas has
not yet filed his veto of the ordinance
which is so unpopular and which was
passed by the votes of the eolid six, and
consequently nothing is being done in this
very important matter.
To-day is the first day under the law on
■which taxes should be made payable, bur
the levy is not yet fixed and it will be im
ble to have tax bills ready for some
weeks, and unless the Council and Mayor
take some action thr city will soon be in
a very bad tangle financially.
It is quite certain that it will be im
possible to obtain eight votes to pass the
obnoxious tax levy ordinance over the
veto of the Mayor, for the Council is di
vided by six to five without any possible
hope of a break from either slue. There
is a growing feeling Rmong the public
that the ordinance should be so altered
as to include only Ho ,ooo for Lake Mer
ritt and to make the matter of building
the east and west side sewers, which are
to cost }.■'■ ."■'"■. a district undertaking, so
that in addition to the amounts as pro
vided by the ordinance at present, there
will be $78,500 to add to the department
expenses, which will make them equal to
the amount spent last year.
This apportionment of the funds will be
. opposed by the Lake Merritt Improve
ment Club, which has done a great deal to
secure permanent improvement of its
[ty ami which is ready to
turn i to valuable lands as soon
-^ured that such improvements will
be carried out. A reasonable adjustment
of the difficulty would seem to be to put
S*o,UOO into the Lake Merritt improvement
for this year, and to try to secure a party
pledge from the municipal conventions
that the Council to be elected in March
shall appropriate a like amount next
>*ear, thus assuring the completion of the
; "work.
ALLEN ACCUSED OF
STEALING A HOTEL
GAVE A MORTGAGE FROM AN
UNKNOWN OWNER.
Presented Memoranda That Indicated
He Was Worth a Hundred
Thousand.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Oct. 10.
William H. Allen, an old man who says
his age is 73, was arrested this evening
on a charge of obtaining a furnished lodg
ing-house under false pretenses. The com
plaint was sworn to by John Linderman,
proprietor of the Winters Hotel, who sold
his hostelry to Allen four months ago for
J2500. '
As security for payment of the debt
Allen transferred' to Linderman a mort
gage on thirty-two and a half acres of
land in Contra Costa County and a note
for a similar amount drawn by one John
Langlitz.
Linderman now declares that Allen
never owned any property and that the
mortgage and note are bogus, and acting
on this belief, he swore to the warrant.
At the City Prison some curious memo
randa were found on Allen. They referred
to property in many States, consisting of
realty, gold mines, furnished houses and
stocks, and made it appear that Allen was
worth $156,400. The prisoner declines to
discuss the details of his alleged owner
ship, but he says he will come out of it
all right.
Detective Holland has been working on
the case and he says that there is no such
name as John Langlitz on the records of
Contra Costa, and that William H. Allen
does ■■ml own anything in either Alameda
or Contra Costa counties.
A Constable Indicted.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10.— Grand Jury
returned five more indictments this after
noon and the warrants were Issued from
Judge Ellsworth's court. The indictments
are for alleged overcharges for mileage
from Alameda to Oakland, and all are
against Constable H. W. Yon Kopff of
Alameda Township, who has been under
examination for some days. The war
rants are for perjury for swearing to Ir
regular claims and the bail Is fixed at
$2000 on each charge. Yon Kopff was ar
rested to-night. Up to a late hour Yon
Kopff had secured one. bondsman, George
Brown of Alamr-da, but being unable to
get another to qualify he was taken to
the County Jail.
Lafayette Day.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 10.— Communications
have been received In this city from Chi
cago requesting that the city and school
officials take some action in regard to
joining an appropriate celebration of La
fayette day, October 19, with a view of a
grand culminating festivity at the time
of the Paris Exposition in 1900. In ac
cordance with the proposition the matter
has been broached, but as the time is
so short it is hardly likely that any
thing formal will be done.
Alameda News Items.
AIaAMKI>A. Oct. 10.— Mrs. Augusta E. Han
son of 1430 Pearl street died yesterday at the
age of 34 years, leaving a husband and one
child.
Nina Hackey, the year-old daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. J. A. Hackey of 609 Central avenue,
died yesterday of pneumonia.
Henry B. Lubbock, the aged father of Dr.
C. H. Lubbock or this city, was hastening
along Park street this morning to catch a train
on the narrow-gauge line when he fell sud
denly to the sidewalk unconscious. It was at
first thought he was dead, but medical aid was
summoned and it wan found that he had
fainted from heart failure and Indigestion.
Quite a sensation was created on Park street
last evening by two women In a buggy ap
parently Intoxicated, who tried to horsewhip
a man who took hold of the horse to prevent
him from running over the Salvation Army
while It was at Its, devotions in the open air.
There were no arrests.
The fao-simile /$ '■sfi?j . V^' "to on every wrapper
■igutnre of Qut//zM^^ of CASTOBIA.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1898.
MRS. LOUIS
WANTS THAT
$15,000 ESTATE
Has Not Given Up the
Contest.
— ______ \
NEW MOTIONS ARE FILED
ALLEGATIONS THAT A LATER
WILL EXISTS.
The Opposing Widow Is Asked to
Produce It Under Pain
of Immediate
Arrest,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Oct. 10.
Mrs. Marrianna Louis has not given up
the contest over th© $15,000 estate left by
her son, Edouard Louis, who for many
years was a liquor dealer in Alameda.
Her attorneys, A. Ruef and S. Bloom, to
day filed a notice of motion for a new
trial. They intend to move to set aside
and annul the verdict rendered on Sep
tember 29 last In the contest of Marrianna
Louis, on the grounds of irregularity In
the proceedings of the court and Jury;
allege that they had no fair trial; allege
misconduct of the jury and disregard of
the jury to the Instructions; also on the
ground of newly discovered evidence.
Aside from this the contestant has tiled
a petition asking that an order Issue re
quiring the widow, Mary Louis, to file
a certain alleged will, which Bhe testified
at the recent trial was In her possession,
aside from the one tiled for probate here
tofore and which petitioner alleges upon
information and belief is subsequent In
date to said first will which was admitted
to probate. Petitioner alleges the with
held will to be In reality the last will
of deceased.
In case of the widow's refusal or fail
ure to produce the much sought will
within two days after service of notice
petitioner asks that she may by warrant
be committed to the County Jail and be
kept In close confinement until she pro
duces the same.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. Oct. 10.— The Peralta Postoffice
is soon to be removed from its present place
with the grocery store of Betta A Co., on the
corner at A.-hly arid Shatturk avenues. Mrs.
W. Hall Is jo be the postmistress In charge.
The ladies of the- Berkeley branch of the Red
■ eUty will meet in the parlors of the
Fir^t Congregational Church on Dana street
Tuesday and Wednesday for the purpose of |
making bandages and other necessaries to be ;
given tn the soldiers on the next expedition to !
the Philippines. Mrs W. B. Seabury, the presl- i
dent of the local branr-h, haa issued an urgent, \
request for all members who can conveniently I
do co. to be in attendance.
George Frame fell from a ■wagon this morn
ing and received severe Injuries to his foot.
Vr. 'Uoodsum Allen found the llglmenta of
the ankle badly wrench»*d, and his patient will
be unable to walk fur several days.
Professor Henry T. Ardley of the art de- j
partment of the University of California left j
: >r San I.ulf Obiapo, where he will de- j
liver a serlas of six lecture before the San :
Luis Oblspo County Teachers' Institute.
The funeral of George Glbney was held this
afternoon at St. Joseph's Church, the Rev.
Father Phillips officiating. The Interment was
In St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
Danny Needham Returns.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10.— Danny Needham,
the pugilist and trainer, has returned
from the Klondike, but he is not any
richer for his trip. He tells a hard luck
story and says that the country is over
rated. Hu ia trying to find out who it was
that shot at his wife through the back
window of his home about six weeks ago i
at midnight. It is said that Kihlmeyer,
the man who was arrested on suspicion j
at the time, has left town.
ASSESSMENT FIXED.
Non-Partisan Nominees Must Put Up
BO Per Cent of the Amount They
Are Allowed to Spend.
Deacon Fitch's annex to Boss Phelan's
Mutual Admiration Society of One Hun- j
dr»d Job Chasers met last night in Na
tive Sons 1 Hall for the purpose of fixing
the rate of assessment of its nominees.
Several of the victims of Its choice ap
peared before the meeting and after the
reporters had been excluded a general
discussion took place as to how much the
traffic would bear. Under the purity of
elections law candidates are limited in
their campaign expenses to a percentage
of their first year's salary where elected
for more than one year. Having this in
mind, and the fact that under th« new
charter If it passes, the officers elected
this fall will probably hold office but one
year, there was a difference of opinion as
to how much a candidate was entitled to
spend. It was finally agreed that they
would be elected for two years under the
present law, even though their term of
Office might be curtailed later, so the as
sessment was fixed at 20 per cent of the
amount they are entitled to spend, which
will be 10 per cent of their first year's
salary. The nominees for School Direct
ors put up $20 each to the support of the
Non-Partlsan campaign.
FROM FINITE TO INFINITE.
The Bramacharin Chatterji Answers
Questions Innumerable.
The Bramacharin Chatterji spent two
hours yesterday afternoon in the head- j
quarters of the Theosophical Society an- j
swerlng questions proposed to him by a
large audience of earnest eeekers after
truth.
Although the queries were many and
covered almost all the ground between
creation and the end of all things the !
"student, 11 as he modestly styles himself,
gave to each a satisfactory, or at least a
helpful, answer. The thorough education,
wide range of reading and excellent com
mand of language shown by Mr. Chatterji
him an extremely interesting
speaker, and throsophy has In him a most j
successful exponent.
1 >uring his week's stay in this city he
hopes to meet all Interested in his chosen
work, and elucidate, as far as possible in
so brief a time, the principles in which he
so thoroughly believes. The Theosophical
Society, under whose auspices he is visit-
Ing this city, makes all heartily welcome
who wish to see and talk with their dis
tinguished guest.
MRS. MTTLARKEY ARRAIGNED, i
Her Landlady Is Still in a Critical
Condition From Her Burns.
Mrs. Jane Mularkey, who threw a
lighted lamp at her landlady, Mrs. N.
Suits, 1046 Folsom street, early yester
day morning, was arraigned in Judge
Ijow'b court yesterday on a charge of
assault with a deadly weapon. The case
was continued, as Mrs. Suits was unable
to appear In court.
Mrs Suits Is still In a critical condition
at the Receiving Hospital, but the doc
tors think she will reoover. She has been
approached by Mrs. Mularkey's daugh
ter not to prosecute, but she refused, say
ing that Mrs. Mularkey should be chas
tised, as she was always a disturber In
the house.
In the Divorce Courts.
Buia C. "W acker has been granted a
divorce from George Wacker on the
ground of cruelty. Marguerite Denaray
was granted a divorce from R. H. Den
aray yesterday on the ground of deser
tion. James I. Pool has applied for a
divorce from Kittie Pool, alleging intem
perance as a cause of action.
TRIED TO END
HER SORROWS
IN SUICIDE
Story of a Variety
Actress.
FRIENDLESS AND HUNGRY
MINNIE HALL ATTEMPTS TO
JUMP INTO THE BAY.
Saved by a Policeman as She Was
About to Take the Fatal
Plunge— Her Life a
Failure.
Driven from her room by an uncharit
able landlady and being unable to buy the
necessaries of life, Minnie Hall, who
claims to be a variety actress, attempted
to end her troubles yesterday by throwing
herself in the bay.
She was prevented by a policeman, who,
after listening to her sad story, took her
to the City Prison, where she was given
something to eat and a place to sleep.
According to the woman's story she ar
rived here from Seattle about three weeks
ago, and rented a room in a lodging-house
on California street near Kearny. In a
ehort time the small amount of money
fcha had was gone, and being unable to
pay the rent of her room, she appealed to
the landlady not to eject her.
"Instead of trying to assist me," tear
fully remarked the despondent woman,
when telling her story, "she took the key
of the room away from me and ordered
me out of the house.
"This was last Saturday. Sinca then I
have been strolling aimlessly about the
city without anything to eat or a place to
lay my head. When sleep overtook me I
would go into one of the parks, and, ait
ting down on a bench, managed to steal a
short nap. After brooding over my piti
able condition. I resolved to end my
troubles in the wat«r ot the bay. I walked
down Market street, and on reaching the
ferry I wrote my name on a card, which
I had picked up, and pinned it to my
skirt. Seeing the gay throng leaving one
of the ferry boats I grew more deter
mined to commit suicide.
Walking along the wharf contiguous to
the ferry building I took off my hat and
prepared to Jump into the water. Just as
I was about to make the plunge, a police
officer seized me by the arm and told me
I was under arrest. I begged him to al
low me to commit suicide, but he was ob
durate and made me accompany him to
the police station."
The woman further said she had worked
in a variety theater in Seattle, but becom
ing tired of the life ehe was leading, she
concluded to visit this city in the hope
of procuring better employment. She
claims that her trunk is being held by the
landlady of the house where she lived.
To-day an effort will be made to compel
the woman to surrender the trunk.
ANOTHER BLOW TO
CHINESE IMMIGRANTS
THE CALL'S COMMENTS HAVE
BORNE GOOD FRUIT.
Collector Jackson Stops Communica
tion Between Mongolians Wish
ing to Land and Resi
dents.
The revelations made recently In The
Call concerning' the success of the Chi
nese slave importing- bureau in landing
Chinese slaves and coolie laborers have
awakened the Interest and vigilance of
the Federal authorities. Collector Jack
son yesterday issued the following: order,
whlsh la a practical acknowledgment of
the atand taker^ by The Call that this un
holy traffic should stop and that the white
labor of the Pacific Coast should be pro
tected from the incursions of these yellow
barbarians.
Office of the Collector of Customs, Port of
San Francisco — To all Inspectors on vessels
and docks having Chinese therein :
The following instructions are Issued for
information and guidance in the matter of
ChlnsM persons who may seek a landing at
this port:
Every Chinese employe of a vessel may be
searched for either contraband goods or writ
ten communications, when he passes off the
ahlp.
When a Chinese person Is being landed from
a vessel or the sheds where other Chinese
persons are detained wtio are Becking to land,
his baggage and person should be thoroughly
searched for written Chinese matter, and the
same, if any be found, taken from him.
Officers on the dock who take letters from
Chinese persons seeking to pass the same to
friends on shore should examine the ticket of
the Chinese person from whom they take the
letter, and note the number thereof. They
should write the date, circumstances of seiz
ure, number of ticket, etc., so that this in
formation may reach thy Chinese Bureau
promptly, and In such shape as to be of use
In the courts. It is not sufficient alone to seize
the letter. It must be connpeted with the Chi
nese person in the manner stated, else the
case cornea to naught in the court.
When a Chinese person on shore seeks to
pass a letter or other written matter to an
other Chinese person who Is In custody, the of
ficer at the plank should detain the Chinese
person with the letter or other written matter,
and at once turn htm over to the custody of
the Chinese Bureau. If this should occur af
ter business hourß the detained person (or per
sons) who M«ka to pass or does pass the let
ter or written matter may be taken to the
County Jail and held until the next day—
which action will quickly become known to
the Chinese here and applying for a landing,
and, as a consequence, further efforts by
them to pass letters, etc., will cease.
All communications relating to Chinese mat
ters and Feixure of letters or written matter
should be at once sent direct to the inspector
In charge of the Chinese Bureau; thus insur
ing that officer's earliest knowledge thereof
and also avoiding all Intermediate delay.
In the execution of above Instruction Inspec
tors are expected to exercise a reasonable dis
cretion as to the manner and extant of tholr
enforcement, the end to ba-'Wibserved being
the stoppage of communication between Chl
n<-s<? persons seeking to land here and those al
n.-a.iy on shore.
In the case of Wong Ah Fung, a Chines*?
woman admitted by Collector Jackson on
bureau evidence as being- a merchant.
Commissioner Heacock yesterday refused
to grant the motion of the defendant's at
torney to admit the testimony submitted
by the bureau In favor of the woman. He
declared that the case must be tried u^i
on the evidence and the testimony of liv
ing witnesses appearing before the court.
The case was set for Wednesday of next
week, and will be decide! In a legal way.
Becker-Creegan Case.
When the Becker-Creejran case was
called In Judge Wallace's court yesterday
morning the District Attorney moved for
a continuance. Affidavits were presented
showing that time would be required to
bring; Joseph McClusker and Detective
Hamm out from the East, and upon the
showing Judge Wallace continued the
case until October 24.
The Cost of Freeing Cuba.
The United States are certainly entitled to
retain possession of the Philippine Islands if
the peace commissioners so decide, for the cost
of the war runs far into the millions, and the
end Is not yet. The money paid oot reaches an
astonishing total. To free the stomach, liver,
bowels and blood of disease, however, is not an
expenFive undertaking. A few dollars invented
In Hostetter's Stomach Bitters will accomplish
the task easily. Tho poor as well as the rich
can afford it.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/L |T]JR 625e£AB!TTNT. Established
fm^QA in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Ba iXhWm Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Z9Ha9KH Skin Diseases. The doc torcureswhen
>jfiaH othetsfall. Try him. Charges low.
7W |<'nrn|[iisr»iit<<rd. Call or writs.
Dr. J. IT. UIBMOJit Box 1937, San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
0$ BHaaPITTLE
■■~'?*L*l& I m
SIOK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue j
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They i
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose,
Small Price.
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA, I
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO, July 30th, 1833. I
: WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of '
California, at its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January. A. D. 1897,
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
in favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-wit:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
41.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which it is proposed to' amend said section to
read as follows:
Section IS. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or school district shall In-
cur any Indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding In any year
the Income and revenue provided for It for
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of Incurring such
indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the interest on such indebtedness as It falls
due. and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from- the time of contracting the
same: " provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for eal<J
city and county during the forty-third ana
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers In said city i
and county are hereby* excepted from the pro- .
visions of this sectlonrand in determining any |
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no !
statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner; and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo In Solano County, may pay Its exist-
ing indebtedness incurred in the construction
of Its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any Indebted-
ness or liability Incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recltea,
shall be void. .
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people or the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
i viding for the framing by the inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
i section to read as follows:
Section 7Vi. The Inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this state,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty It shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
Kuch county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
: to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Buch proposed county government act
; shall 'then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or If there be
not two such papers, then In one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication It shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county. at a general or special election, and if
a majority of suoh qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
i power of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house. It ehall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and ehall In such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A coDy of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting forth the submission of such county
>nv»rnment act to the electors, and Its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made In duplicate and
deposited, one In the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded in the
office' of the Recorder of Deeds In the county,
nmonir the archives of the county,
All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof,
•The county government act so ratified may be
amended at Intervals of not less than two
v^rs by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
Qualified electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
nubllcation of such proposals for twenty days
in a newspaper of general circulation In such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
mv alternative article or proposition may be
Presented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately without prejudice to
It shan be competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner In
which the times at which, and tV terms for
which' the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
El elected or appointed; for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or eegregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have
an? for the compensation payable to each of
"uch deputies, for the manner In which, the
Hmes in which, and tile terms for which the
members «f all boards of election shall be
m !c?eder appointed and for the constitution,
reflation compensation and government of
such boards, and of their clerks and attaches;
aVso to prescribe the manner and method by
wh?ch all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted- and may In addition determine the
1 tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate in any primary election.
i P Whenever any county has. In the manner
and method herein pointed out adopted any
! wurty Government act, and the same shall
! have been approved by the Legislature as
'■ for^nld the direction of sections four and
■ five of this article providing for the uniformity
n» a system of county governments throughout
the State and likewise providing for the elec-
V? and appointment of officers and the regu-
lation of their compensation, ,hall not apply
Said county government act shall as to any of
' the matters herelnabove provided for and de-
clare™ by such county government act. not be
Bubiect to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature, except by amendment first
submitted to the electors and ratified in the
manner herelnabove set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to th? people of the
1 State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section.
Vi! .known and designated as section five and
one^half. article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
' retion^ "The^Co'urt of Claims shall con-
1 sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court.
1 who may be requested by the Governor to hold
i court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
o' Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
' hear and determine all claims of ever* kind
and character against the State under such
: laws as may bs passed by the Legislature, and
its ludKment thereon shall be final. The terms
■ of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
In the City of Lob Angeles, commencing on
: th« second Monday of March: -
In the City and : County of San Francisco,
commencing on th« second Monday In July,
and
• In the City of Sacramento, commencing on
...- - -
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Time:
Leave San Francisco. s:oo p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.S.
Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City. .7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago 9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meais at Very Reason-
able Rates.
YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLB
W You Travel on the Santa Fe.
SAN FRANCISCO TlCttfomCE— Ml MARKET ST,
TELEPHONE MAIN UMk
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offica — 201 J Street.
San Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clan St
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito .Ferry.)
Leave San Francißto, commencing Sunday,
Sept. U. 1S98:
Week Days— 9:Bo a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Bundays— B:oo, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, 11.
THOa. COOK <fis SON, Agents, 621 Market
street, San Francisco.
Th. £? M On ay ot November of each yea*.
The Judges holding such term of court shall
rece ye no extra compensation therefor, but
shall receive their actual expenses, to be paid
Th» r'm g . enera L fu nd of the State treasury.
The Legislature shall enact all laws necessary
to organize such court, to Provide the pro-
cedure thereof and to carry out the provision*
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
qftt/* ? l^"^ *° P r °P° 6e to the people of the
.i. »i "-alifornia an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State amending article eleven.
by adding a new section thereto, to be known
as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. Th«
said proposed new section to read as follows:
Section m. The provisions of sections four
an five of this article shall not. nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city %nd county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
nave become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NTTMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 3«.)
A resolution to propose to the people of tn«
State of California an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of th«
Constitution of the State of California, by
which it is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows:
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall b«
elected at the same time and place and In the
same manner as the Governor, and his term of
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
Se £,tlon 16. In case of the Impeachment of
the Governor, cr his removal from office, death.
Inability to discharge the power« and duties of
his office, resignation or absence from th»
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
residue of the term, or until the disability sha.l
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor be
impeached, displaced, resign, die or become In-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy In the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy In the
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senat*
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the Bpeaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall b*
filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER BIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
Stats of California an amendment to section
six, article nine of the Constitution of *he State
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follow?:
Section 6. The public school system shall In-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and erammar schools. Grammar
schools shall Include schools organized In a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand Inhabitants. In
which a course of Ftuiy shall be taught which
Will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific department of the Univer-
sity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVSN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th«
Ftate of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, in rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
Is proposed to amend said section to -read as
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature,
shall commence at twelva o'clock meridian oa
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding th« election of its members,'
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
in the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain.
In session for twenty-five days, after which it
must adjourn to so:ne date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fall to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall bo
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete Its
session. No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventp-flve days, and
no bill shall be Introduced In either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the consent cf three-fourths of tha
members thereof.
NOW, THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of tha
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the-
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval," approved March 7, A. D. 1883,
the above-described proposed amendments are
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8. A. D. IS9S.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon In manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used, at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express bis
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One, being Senate
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francisco, and
the existing Indebtedness of the City Ye«
of Vallejo for the construction of its .
water works from the provisions of No
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the income and reve-
nues of the year In which they were
incurred). •
For the Amendment :
! Amendment Number Two, being Senate
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 .Te«
(providing for framing local county ■■ ■
government acts by inhabitants of No
counties for their government).
For the Amendment?
1 Amendment Number Three, being Sen-
'■ ate Constitutional Amendment No.
1 44 (providing for ■ the creation of a
I Court of Claims to determine claims Tea
against the State, and to consist of- .
three Superior Judges designated by No
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation).
For the Amendment? I
Amendment Number Four, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities Te»
and counties, organized or to be or- ■ -
ganlzed. or. holding a charter un- No
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation in relation to counties).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number rive, >elng As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. f3 {relating to office of Governor, "yea
providing for succession thereto in ■< .
certain cases and removing disability No
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office. during term).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Six, being Assem-
bly Constitutional Amendment No. IS Tea
(relating to and defining Grammar .
Schools). . No
For the Amendment? (_
Amendment Number Seven, being As- f
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Tea
Legislature for not less than thirty '
nor more than sixty days during each No
session). ■-■ .
For the Amendment? ■
Witness my hand and the Great Seal of tha
State of California, the day and year herein
first above written.
• ■ ■• . - JAMES H. BrDD. '.Governor.
Attest: L. H. BROWN. Secretary of Stat*.
DOUM
AUCTION SALES.
ELEGANT PIANO,
Magnificent Parlor, Chamber, Dlning-
Room and Kitchen Furniture, ILtz.
THIS DAY (TUESDAY) AT 11 A. M-
518 EDDY ST., NEAR LARKIN.
FRANK W. BUTTERPIELD,
602 Market gt.
RAILrvOAD TBAVEL.
»oi rni.itx i-A<iii'ic I'o.nriNT.
(PACiriC SVHTKM.)
Trains l«n> r ami hit tlua to nrrlve al
HAS lIUMIMO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leatk — Fkou Oct. 9, 1898. — ARRrvn
•r.:oo* Miles. San Jose and Way Stations... *8:43 a
T:00a rirnioia, Suistin and Sacramento.... 10i43a
7:00 a M&rysTille, OroTllleand Redding Tia
Woodland * oi43p
7:00 a Elir.ira, Vacartlle and Ramsey 8:43p
7:BUa Martinez, San Ramon, Valiejo, Naps,
CalUtoca and Santa Rosa.. flllSp
S:OOa Atlantic Express, UgJeii and Kait.. Si43p
»:KI»A San Jose, .Stockton, Valley Spring, ,
Iot:e, .S.icrainrnto, Marysrille,
Chico, •6-liama and Red Bluff.-... 4ilsp
8:3Oa Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown.. 7:1 5 r
»:30a Milton »7il3p
0:VOa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop. Merced
and Fresno lStlOp
V;OOa Fresno, il»kersfle!d. SanU Barl>an.
Los Angelee, Denting, £1 Paso,
New Orleans and Fast o>43p
Fresno, Men Jots, Tracy and Mar-
tinez 6i43p
1O:OOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:43r
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steauirru *»:O«p
1 :OOr >*iles, San Jose and Way .Stations... 1 1 :43 a
Ban Jos*, Mies and Way Stations... JOsISa
2:OOp Kiie«, Tracy, Mrndota, iiuur'ord and
Visalla 4il3p
LJrerainre, San Jose, Nilee and Way -
Stations tl»:13A.
liOOp Mortiiier., San Ramon, Vallejo.
N"»p». Calistoga, Rl Verano and
Sin Itosa »il»»
4iO*r Benicfa, Vacartlle, Woodland,
Knights landing. Marysville, Oro-
Tllle anil Sacramento 10:43 a
4»80p Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7«43a
3toOp Martin«z, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
■■-- .-•; Jlcj»ve, Saata Barbara and Ix>s
Angeles »i4Ba
3ioor Santa Vr Route, Atlautlo Express
forMojaro and Kast «:45p
3:30p Klles, Baa Jo«e, Tracy, Lathrop.
Meroed and Fresno.... * jir'jL-'
3:30p Stockton 1 ? : ] !lp
Bio«r Knr'ipeau Mall. Ojden arid East.... 0:4.1*
•O:OOr> Vallr-Jo 12«13P
J7:oop Vallejo, Port CoaU and Way BU-
>». tions JU:4ap
8:00p Orrgou Sacramento, Marys-
»llle. Itr.lHliig, Portland, I'iiget
Humid and Kast ■ S'l
' SAX LaMiliU 4NI> lUVHAKDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
V Jlelrone, Ketnlnarr Park, ? TT7~ '
,I,ooa ritchhiirir, Klmnnrst, ..Sli'^t
<»:uOa 8a« Leandro.Sonth 8» io:43a
lU.OOa Leandro, Kutudillo, lS:43r
<H:00a • Lorenzo, Cherry ■ tl:43p
:"*= O «M »n.l J2:4lp
iJ'Si" H»yw«rdi. <3:43p
7:o#p I Runs through to Nile*. 7:43p
J t From Nlles. I
COAST IHVIMOS iNnrrniT «ange>. *"
(Foot of Market Street.) __^
Si I3a Newark, terrille, San J Keiton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Crux and Way
Buttons SsSOp
*2il3p Newark, Centerrllle, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations »I»i3O*
4>lSp Newark, San Jose and Loc Gatos... 9:20 a
1 1 l<43p Hunters' Excursion. San Jose and
Way Stations t7i2op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS mXCISCO— not »'. Htrkit Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11 0 -i.m. {I:J3 *3:03 (3:00
•4:00 15:00 *6:33r.H.
.'rom OilUßß— fail •? Broil*-*?.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00 a. H.
112)00 *X:00 t2:53 *3:03 t*:00 *6:33r.u.
COAST VISION (Broad Gange).
(Third and Tow nsend Sta.)
7:00 A Ban Joes ami Way Stations (New
Almadea Wednesdays only) 1.530r
9:00* Ban .lose. Tree Pino*. HanU Cms,
Paeino <Sro»e Paao Kobles, Han
I. mi Ol>l«i'O, Gnadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way SUtions 4:lOr
IOt1»« San Jose and Way Stations "8:00 a.
I1:8Oa Ban J<«e aixl Way Stations 8:35&
•*«4sr San llateo. Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Han Jose.
Gilroy. Uollister, . Santa Crua,
Salinas, Monterey tad Pacific
Gro»e •l»:80»
•3:SOp Jose and Way Stations..... MJiOOa.
•*!l3r San Jo«eand Principal Way Stations 8:43 *
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
5:30r Bau .lose and Principal Way Station* s:3(>r
<l::iOr San Joosaiiit Way 5tati0n5......... 7:3<>p
Hll4a> San Joge ami Way Station* TittOp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Ktuiilar* exor|ited. X Sundays oniT. t Saturdays only
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
•AN FBABCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Xiburoa Forrjr. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. „ „ „
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:*o, 11:00 a. m.l 1:30. 2:30.
6:00 6:20 p. m. '
SAN RAFAEL- TO SAN FRANCISCO. .
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45. •
3:40, 8:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:1# ft. m.J 1:40. 1:40,
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave o Arrlv
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. :
- June 29, -— ■ i
Week Sun- IS9B. ( Sun- I Week
Days. days. Destination. days. | Days. }
7 -30 am 8:00 am Novato 10:40 am 8:40 am
3 : 3opm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Fulton, '
7 -SO am Windsor, 10:15 am
Healdsburg.
Lytton.
Geyserville.
2:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:85 pm 8:22 pm
7 -30 am Hopland and, 10:23 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:Bspm 6:22 pm
7:30 am ■" .... 10:25 am
B*oo am Guernevillo. 7:85 pm .
3:30 pm « :22 pm
7-30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
s:lopm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 8:10 pm 6:22pm
7-30 am -00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3130 pm 5:00 pm! I 7:35 pm[ 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
serville for Skag*s Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley. John Day's. River-
side Lierley'B, Bucknell s, Sanhedrin Heights,
Hnlivllle Booneville, Orr's Hot Springs. Men-
docino City. Fort Bragg, Westport. Usal.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
"oiTsundays' round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg. I
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. ,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAX FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— '7:2O, •3:30, 11:00 a., m. *1:45, ,
3:45, 6:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. ! '
SUNDAYS— »10:00, ni:3o a. m.; *1:15, j
3:00, *4:SO. 6:15 p. m. •
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. 1
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, »6:35, 7:45. *S:3O a. m.;
•12:20. 2:20, '3:45. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. . .
SUNDAYS— »8:00, »10:00, *11:55 a. nj^,
•1:15, «3:10, 4:40. *6:20 p. m. ■ . '•
Trains marked • start from San Quentln. '.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, 7:65, 9:40 a. m.; I
12:35. 2:45, 3:50. 5:20 p. m. - • i
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. I
SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m. : 12:05, 1:20, 8:20,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. •
7:20 a. m.week Cazadero and way sta'ns. -;
1:45 p. m. Saturdays Duncan Mills and way j
stations. ;
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way eta's. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAuIoAQUSI
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Oct. 10. l«:-s, trains will run as follows: <
South-bound. North-bound. >
Passen- Mixed. ! | Mixed.- Passea- (■( ■
eer. | Sunday Sunday] ger. i
Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
9:20 am; 9:25 am Stockton 3:45 pm 7:00 pm
11:10 amii2:50pm Merced 12:50 pm| 5:13 pm,
12:4upm 4:1". pm Fresno . 9:3oam 3:4opm|
l:3Spm| 6:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 2:40 pni '
: 4:25 pmill:s9 pm * Bakersfleld 12:10pm l
; 1:58 pm; 7:50 pm! Visalia j I:4o am | 2:Sopin i
Stopping at intermediate points as required. i
■ Connections— At Stockton with steambo&tfc of .
California Navigation and Improvement Com- ;
pany, leaving San Francisco at 6 p. m. dally, ;
excepting Sunday, ; and Stockton at 7:15 p. m.
daily. ay
For stage connections see official time, table
or Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 311 Mar- I
| ket street.
910
DODGE CALLS A
HALT IN THE
PROCEEDINGS
Objects to the Garbage
Contract.
SUPERVISORS LAY IT OVER
BOTTANZI CALLS THE MAYOR A
DEMAGOGUE.
Many Matters of Interest Are At
tended to by the City Fathers
at Their Meeting Yes
terday.
The I?n.ird of Supervisors met yester
day and decided to wait awhile before
making a contract for the collection and
cremation of garbage.
Supervisor Dodge raised the objection
that a contract of the nature contem
plated would be pernicious, inasmuch as
it would fasten another monopoly upon
the city which it would be very difficult
in future to shake loose. He said that
there was no necessity for making- a con
tract ft>r the collection and incineration
of garbage for, a lump sum— s3oo,ooo for
one year, as contemplated.
On motion of Supervisor Lackmann the
matter was laid over.
The next thins of importance was the
proposed letting of a year's contract to
P. Swift to supply the Street Depart
ment with lumber. His bid was much the
lowest, being Jii 73 per l'"." 1 for Oregon
pine and Sl2 74 por 1000 for redwood. The
only other bid was from the Union Pav
ing Company, wrueh wanted ?1S per 1000
feet for both kinds of lumber. Immedi
ate objection was raised by Supervisor
Rottanzl, who a.^ked if this wasn't the
same Swift who was being Investigated
by the Grand Jury in connection with the
School Board lumber steal. Mayor Phe
lan replied that it was the same indi
vidual.
"Then I move," said Rottanzi, "that
the matter be laid over until the Grand
Jury concludes its investigation." It was
so ordered.
A communication from the Mayor veto
ing an ordinance appropriating $24.>520
under two disputed contracts with the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Company
was read. This communication, which
was given in advance in )a;-t Sunday's
Call, scored Supervisor Rottanzl, as a
member of the board not entitled to hold
his position, owing to the fact that he
also held an army office.
Rottanzi replied to this charge by de
nomlating the Mayor as a demagogue. He
quoted a Supreme Court decision which
tended to show that Supervisor Rottanzi
and Army officer Rottanzi were both le
gally entitled to hold office.
Supervisor Britt arose to a question of
privilege and proceeded to roast th* 1 Ex
aminer for general untruthfulness, pau
city of Intellect, yellowness of eyesight
and general cussedness. The statements
were merely a repetition of well known
facts and therefore attracted but passing
notice. The Examiner had been lying
about Britt.
The clerk was instructed to advertise
for proposals for public printing in ac- j
cordance with specifications to be pre- i
pared.
The Market-street Railway Company
reported to the Supervisors that the |
gross receipts of the railroads formerly !
of the North Beach and Mission Railroad .
Company from August 1, 1896, to July 31,
1897, amounted to $260,298 36, and that said
gross receipts from August 1. 1897. to July
31, 1898, amounted to the sum of $279,
349 67.
♦
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Complete Record of the Work Passed j
by the Board of Supervisors
The following is a complete list of the
•work passed by the Board of Supervisors
at yesterday's session:
AWARDS OF CONTRACTS.
Capp. Army to Twenty-sixth— Grading to J.
H. Belser.
Four angular corners of the crossing of
Clement street and Ninth avenue — Artificial i
stone sidewaiks to R. C. Mattlngly.
Treat avenue. Twenty-thirl to Twenty
fourth—Curbs and paving to I. Danieiwitz.
P.hode Island street, Alamrda to Division —
Pipe sewer, etc., to H. C. Mattingly.
At ir near easterly line ot' Firxt street to
connect with brick sewer now .-•x.L-tintf, thence
easterly along Brannan to a point 37S feet '
easterly from said easterly line of First,
thence easterly and southerly to the end of
Wharf No. 34, a total distance of 1047 feet —
Conteruction of fewer, Including material,
etc., to Healy, Tibbits & Co.
RESOLUTIONS ORDERING STREET WORK.
Market, .'■ esterly line of Taylor to westerly
line of Vlui Ness avenue, including the inter
sections of Jones. McAllister, Larkin, Hayes,
Polk. Fell, Van Ness avenue and Oak — Basalt
gutterways, including paving of crossings
mentioned, and entire street from point indi
cated.
Northerly line of Fulton, Larkin to Frank
lin — Artificial stone sidewalks and paving.
Tennessee, Twenty-second, northerly for
a distance of 566 feet — Curbs and paving.
Twenty-first, Xoe to Sanchez — Pipe sewer,
etc.
Southerly line of Ellis, Leavenworth to
Hyde — Artificial stone sidewalks and pav
ing.
Clayton and Page— Paving.
Easterly section of the crossing of Twenty
first ar.d Noe — Ei^ht-inch pipe sewer.
Westerly section o£ same crossing — Fourteen
lnch pipe sewer.
Northerly section of same crossing — Slxteen
lnch pipe sewer with culverts, etc.
Four angular corners of same crossing —
Curbs and artificial Ftone sidewalks.
Clayton, Haight to Waller— Curbing and
paving.
Shrader, Oak to Page — Same.
Ninth avenue, H to I— Paving.
Hampshire, Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
Curbing and paving.
Southerly line of Ellis. Hyde to Larkin—Ar
tificial stone sidewalks and paving.
Twentieth, Howard to Folsom — Curbing and
paving.
Ashbury, Haight to Page — Same.
RESOLUTION? OF INTENTION.
Fifteenth avenue snuth, N street south to Q
south— Plank sidewalks.
Buchanan, Vallejo to Green— Artlfiieal stone
sidewalks.
Willow avenue. Franklin to Gough Same.
From southwesterly corner of. Greenwich
and Mason thence westerly along: southerly
line of Greenwich for a distance of 68 3-12
— Artificial stone sidewalks.
Fillmore, Hayes to Fell— Same.
Ninth avenue. Point Loboa avenue- to Lake
street— Plank sidewalks.
Masonic avenue, Hayes to Fell— Artificial
stone sidewalks.
Filbert, Larkin to Polk— Plank sidewalks
Tenth avenue, J, to a point 250 feet southerly
from J— Grading, curbing and sidewalks.
Filbert. Octavla to I-.aguna— Curbing and
paving.
RECOMMENDED BY STREET SUPERIN
TENDENT.
Allison, Mission to Cross— Grading to the of
ficial line, curbing and paving.
Minnesota. Eighteenth to Mariposa, to con
nect with sewer in Mariposa— Construction of
8-inch pipe sewer.
Tennessee, Eighteenth to Mariposa— Pipe
newer to connect with sewer in Mariposa.
street.
Indiana, Eighteenth to Mariposa— Same.
Pennsylvania avenue, Eighteenth to Marl
posa— Same.
Pennsylvania avenue, Mariposa to Seven
teenth — Contsruction of 12-inch pipe sewer.
Easterly and southerly portions of the cross
ing of California street and Fifteenth avenue —
Eight-Inch pipe sewer.
Northerly section of same crossing— Twelve-
Inch pipe sewer.
Northeasterly and southwesterly, corners of
name crossing— Curbing and sidewalklng.
Cedar avenue, Octavla to Laguna—Construc
tion of an s-inch pipe sewer to connect with
that In Laguna street.
Fell. Fillmore to Stelner— Curbs and paving
of the roadway for a distance of 7 feet each
Ride of center, line thereof with basalt blocks.
Remaining portions of roadway— Paving with
bituminous rock.
Greenwich, Broderlck to Baker— Curbs and
paving. '" '■'■
Greenwich, Baker to Lyon— Curbing and
paving.
KEBOLUTIONS OF FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Golden Gate avenue, Lyon to Central avenue
— im«&.
Alvarn/10, Guerrero to San Jose avenue—
Oot««a Gate and Central avenues— Same.
nEBOMJTION OF CONDITIONAL ACCEPT
ANCE.
Dovlaadero, Halght to Waller— «treot
Is pavod in conformity with specifications and
is recommended by Superintendent of Streets.
RECOMMENDED FOR FULL ACCEPT
ANCE.
Seventeenth and Bryant— Bitumen.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME GRANTED.
Ashbury and Eighteenth— To Williams,
Belser & Co., 30 days on grading, sewering,
etc.
Grove and Masonic avenue — To property
owner?, CO days on grading, paving, etc.
Grove. Clayton to Cole— Same.
Grove and Clayton— Same.
Masonic avenue, Fulton to Grove — Same.
Clayton, Fulton to Grove— Same.
Ashbury, Fulton to Grove— Same.
Grove, Masonic avenue to Ashbury— Same.
Masonic avenue. Grove to Hayes— Same.
Ashbury. Grove to Hayes— Same.
'•'"'ton. Grove to Hayes— Same.
Sbury ami Grove— Same.
Grove Ashbury to Clayton— Same.
Twenty-sixth and York-To Flinn & Treacy,
60 days on grading.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME RECOMMENDED.
Market from southwesterly line of Fifth
1 street to westerly line of Slxth-To Flinn &
i Treacy. thirty days on paving.
Castro. Twenty-sixth to Army— A. E. Buck
nan, ninety days on grading.
Franklin and Union— To City Improvement
any, ninety days on paving.
Bosworth, Mission to Ratteck— To Qulmby &
i Harrelson, ninety days on grading, curbing ami
Crossing of Twenty-sixth and York— To Flinn
& Treaty, sixty days on grading.
PRIVATE CONTRACTS.
Waller, Market to Laguna, Including the
crossings of Octavia and Waller streets— Pay-
ing.
lie Long; avenue. Waller to Frederick— Same.
Diamond, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— Same.
Lynn, Oak to Page— Same.
Pierce, Green to Tnion— Same.
Filbert Hyde to Larkin— Same.
Devisadero, Haight to Waller— Same.
I, Thirteenth to Fourteenth— Grading, paving
and curbing.
Fourteenth avenue south, Railroad avenue to
N street south— Grading.
OBJECTIONS TO STREET WORK SUS-
TAINED.
Laussat avenue. Fiilmore to Steiner— For the
construction of an eight-inch pipe sewer.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Powell street, at entrance to Baldwin Hotel —
j Baldwin H >tel Company, for permission to
erect awning.
Serpentine place, Lower Terrace to Temple
; street FVed I/<-:rier, for release of contract for
] sewering.
i Southwesterly line of Main street, near Fol
| Fom— G. W. Gibbs, for permission to erect one-
Ft ry building.
: SunnyFiaV District— Sunnyside Improvement
Club, for establishment of sewer system.
Polk street— Polk Street Improvement Club
i and property owners, for rt-pavlng of street
': with some modern improvements.
Francisco street, Fiilmore to Webster—Prop
: erty owners, for the temporary suspension of
lings for stre.n improvements and that
! proceedings be taken for the completion of the
same for final acceptance by the city.
De Boom Tra<-t, bounded by St Mary's aye
' nne. Lyell street, Old San Jose road. Mission
' street and the Spring A' alley Homestead Tract —
H. C. de Boom, requesting that City Engineer j
.be directed to prepare plans for sewerage I
Bystem.
Olive avenue. Polk to Van Ness avenue — J. ]
E. Putnam, for permission to remove a build- i
i ing.
Bush street— C. G. Hooker and others, for
! paving with bituminous rock.
Striner, Broadway to Green street— C. R.
Havens, for concrete sidewalks.
Capital avenue, Lobos street to Ocean avenue
' — Residents of Ocean View and Lake View for
: grading.
All that portion of Tenth avenue, L to M—
E. Donnelly for grading, curbing and paving.
Franklin. Greenwich to Lombard—Property
| owners for curbing and paving.
Sunset District— Sunset District Improvement I
i Company, to have City Engineer prepare plans ■
for completion of mnin Intercepting sewer in i
, the district, and that $35,000 be set aside for I
j the construction of the sewer from Fourteenth
avenue and H street west to Twenty-fifth ave
i nue and I street.
Pacific avenue. Devisadero to Broderick —
! Prnpe-'y-owners for curbing.
Frederick. Clayton to Cole— Same.
Cole, Frederick to Carl— City Improvement
: Company, for paving with bituminous rock,
i Clayton. Waller to Frederick — Kate E. Ruser |
j to compel Pnn Mateo and Electric Railroad j
! Company to pave roadway between Its tracks, i
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COM- i
• MITTEE.
Roach, Filbert to Greenwich — Property-own- !
ers against paving.
Octavia, California to Sacramento — Same
against sewering.
•Laguna, Filbert to Greenwich — Same against
paving and curbing.
Pierce, Lombard to Greenwich — Same against
paving.
Pacific avenue, Devipadero to Broderlck— Same
against curbing and pavir>~.
Jones, Broadway to Vallejo— Same against
paving.
Laguna, Union to Filbert —
Steiner, Greenwich to Lombard— Same.
Montgomery, Green to Union Same against
grading.
Jefferson, Broderick to Devlsadero — Same.
Laguna, Green to Union — Same against pav
ing.
Waller, Buena Vista to Central avenue —
Same.
Pacific avenue, Broderlck to Baker— Same
against curbing and paving.
Laurel avenue. Van Ness avenue to Frank
lin—Same against sewering.
Bowie avenue. Eleventh street northerly — |
Same against paving.
Clayton, Haight to Page — Same against arti
ficial stone sidewalks.
Clayton, Fell to Hayes — Same against pav
ing.
I lore, Bryant to Brannan— Same.
Polk and Chestnut — Sair-
Utah, Twenty-fifth to southerly termination
of the former— Margaret Scott against grad
ing and paving.
Gough. Greenwich t" Lombard— E. R. Thorn- ]
ason, "same against paving.
Eighteenth, Douglass to Devlsadero— Chief
Engineer of the Fire Department against pav
ing with bituminous rock.
Shotwell, Twenty-sixth to Serpentine aye
—Same.
Laguna, Green to Union— Same.
Laguna, Union to Filbert— Same.
Twenty-first and Noe— Property-owners
against sewering.
Twenty-first, Sanchez to Noe — Same.
Waller, Central to Buena Vista avenue — Same
against curbing and paving.
Jones, Vallejo to Green — Same.
Twentieth, Howard to Folsom— Same against
paving.
Wildey avenue, -Webster to Flllmore— Same.
I, First to Seventh avenues— Estate of Adolph
Sutro, against grading.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET !
LIGHTS COMMITTEE.
Sunnysldf avenue— Progressive Sunnyside Im
provement Company for erection of six elec
tric lights on Sunnyslde avenue.
REPORT OF STREET COMMITTEE ON
MATTERS SUBMITTED AT PREVIOUS
SESSIONS.
The protests recommended to be sustained
were as follows:
Property-owners against the paving of Second
avenue, between Point Lobos avenue and Cle
ment street; same, against paving of Colllng
wood Btreet, between Nineteenth and Twen
tieth; same, against paving Pierce Ftreet, be
tween Vallejo and Green; same, against pav
ins Elm avenue, between Pierce and Scott
streets; same, against the grading of I street,
between Twelfth and Thirteenth avenues;
same, against paving Selina place; same,
against paving Nineteenth street, between
Church and Sanchez; s-amo, against paving
Buchanan street, between Union and Filbert;
same, aealnst paving Buchanan street, be
tween Filbert and Greenwich; same, against
grading and macadamizing Valley street, be
tween Sanchez and Noe: same, against paving
Nineteenth street, from Church t>> Castro;
same, against paving Central avenue, between
Waller and Buena Vista; same, against pav
ing Huchiinan street, between Greenwich and
Lombard; samf, against paving Cedar avenue,
between Octavia and Lacuna streets; same,
against paving Cole street, between Fell and
Hayes; same, against paving Elizabeth place,
between Third and Fourth streets; same,
against paving Fell street, between Fillmore
and Stelner; same, against paving Oough
street, between Greenwich and Lombard;
sam», against paving Masonic avenue, between
Page and Oak streets; same, against macad
amizing L street, between Tenth and Eleventh
avrnues; same, against paving Lyon street,
between Golden Gate avenue and Turk street;
same, against paving the crossing of Pierce and
Green; same, a£ai?ist grading anil sewering
Richland avenut>, between Haley street and
South av?nue.
The following petitions were favorably rec
ommended: San Francisco Paving Company.
to pave, under private contract, Devisndero
street, between Halght and Waller; property
owners, to retain concrete curbs on the pre
ceding block; City Street Improvement Com
pany, to pave, under private contract, Filbert
Btreet, between Hyde and Larkin; Sunset Im
provement Club, to grade. J street, between
Eighth and Tenth avenues; City Street Im
provement Company, to pave, under private
contract Pierce street, between Green and
Union; same, to pave Diamond street, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth; property-owners, to
Van Ness avenue, between Bay and
Beach; Williams, Belser & Co., to pave
with bitumen, under private contract, De I^ong
avenue, between Waller and Frederick streets;
Union Paving Company, to pave with bitumen,
under private contract, 'Waller street, between
Market anil I-apuna, including the crossing of
Octavla and Waller; property-owners, for an
extension of time in which to lay sidewalks;
M. C. Hogan, to grade Fourteenth avenue
south, between Railroad avenue and N street;
property-owners, to place a sewer in Cedar ave
nue, between Octavia and Lagunsi streets, be
fore the work of paving is commenced: Owen
McHugh, to grade I street, between Thirteenth
and Fourteenth avenues, under private con
tract.
Protest? and petitions as follows were
denied: Property owners, against paving
Pierce street, between Green and Union; Ban-
Bet Improvement Club, against grading th 1 ?
northerly half of .T street, between Seventh
and Eighth avenues; G. H. de Mamie], to pave
Elm avenue, between Pierce and Scott
streets; property-owners, against paying Pa
cific avenue, between L,yon and Baker streets,
and I,yon street, between Jackson and Pacific,
and the crossings thereof.
The petition of property owners for a change
of grades on Harrison street, between Fre
mont and Spear, and Beale and Main streets,
THE SAN FKA^CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1898.
between Folsom and Bryant, was referred to
the City Engineer for examination.
A recommendation was made that the fol
lowing street work pass to a resolution order
ing the work, the majority protests having
expired: Tennessee street, from Twenty-sec
ond, 566 feet northerly, bitumen; Ninth ave
nue, from H to I, macadam; Seventh street,
from Berry to Channel, brick sewer; Frederick
street, from Clayton to Cole, basalt; Laurel
avenue, from Van Ness avenue to Franklin
street, sewer; Twenty-first street, from Noe to
Sanchez, sewer; crossing of Noe and Twenty
first streets, sewer, etc.; Lynn stteet, from
Chestnut to Baker, sewer; Nineteenth street,
from Folsom to Harrison, bitumen; Twen
tieth street, from Howard to Folsom, bitumen;
Hampshire street. from Twenty-second to
Twenty-third, bitumen; Ellis street, from
Leaven worth to Hyde, stone sidewalks; Ash
bury street, from Halght to Page, bitumen;
Clayton street, from Haight to Waller, bitu
men; Shrader street, from Oak to Page, bitu
men; crossing of Page and Clayton streets,
bitumen; Fulton street, from Larkin to Frank
lin, stone sidewalks; Twenty-third street,
from Sanchez to Castro, plank sidewalks;
Market street, between Taylor and Van Ness
avenue, bitumen; Greenwich street, between
Pierce and Scott, basalt.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Dr. M. H. Allen of Dawson is at the
Palace.
Sheriff C. A. H. Warfleld of Merced is
at the Lick.
Colonel D. B. Fairbanks of Petaluma
is at the Lick.
State Senator A. F. Jones of Oroville Is
at the Palace.
Commander G. M. Book, U. S. N., 1b at
the Occidental.
Captain E. W. Dlckins, U. S. N., is at
the Occidental.
State Senator Eugene S. Ives of Arizona
is at the Palace.
J. M. Welsh and family of Stockton
are at the Lick.
State Senator B. F. Langford of Stock
ton is at the Lick.
Superior Judge J. M. Walling of Nevada
City is at the Russ.
R. EL Safley, a prominent ranchman of
Calistoga, is at the Russ.
D. Furth, a wealthy banker of North
San Juan, is at the Lick.
J. B. Holllnsead, a large ranchman of
Pescadero, is at the Russ.
W. H. Harris, a large New York wool
merchant, is at the Palace.
R. O. Phillips and wife of Lincoln,
Nebr., are at the Occidental.
Judge A. Hewell and G. D. Plato, both
of Modesto, are at the Lick.
Dr. L. W. Frary and B. P. Ball, both of
Pasadena, are at the Occidental.
Bernard Stahl. a large cigar manufactu
rer of New York, is at the Palace.
George Pope, a well known Brooklyn
(N. V.> merchant, is at the Palace.
William Sims, the well-known capitalist
of Winters, Sfolo County, Is at. the Lick.
William A. Pinkerton, the well-known
Chicago detective, is stopping at the Bald
win.
R. C. Terry, a prominent vineyardist of
Clayton, Contra Costa County, is at the
Lick.
J. S. Mcßrlde, a prominent mining man
and politician of North San Juan, is at the
Lick.
Rev. D. L. Mansfield, pastor of the
Episcopal Church at San Jose, is at the
Occidental.
J. H. Sanderson and wife and W. W T .
Rfdfield and family, prominent residents
of Seattle, are stopping at the Occidental.
Bruce Bonny, secretary of Shreve &
Co., has returned from a several months'
Eastern trip and again taken rooms at the
Palace.
An English party, composed of Lady
Grant and h>^r sister, Mrs. Mallock of Ot
tawa, and Mrs. Fane Sewell of Vancou
ver, are stopping at the Occidental.
Matt Clarke, contracting freight agent
of the Union Pacific, has returned from
an enjoyable month's trip in the East,
during which he visited New York, Chi
cago, St. Louis and Omaha.
Rev. S. Harrington, an Episcopal mis
sionary, who has been stopping at the
Occidental, leaves to-day on the Gaelic
for Wuchung, China, where he will act
as an assistant to Bishop Gravi-s.
John A. Gill, Pacific Coast freight agent !
of the Vanderbilt lines, has returned from
a ten days' business trip through the ,
southern part of the State. He re
ports the orange, crop in magnificent
condition, in proof of which he exhibits
some remarkably fine clusters of green j
fruit collected on his trip. He estimates I
the total Eastern shipments of citrus
fruits during the coming season at 16,000
carloads, and of walnuts about 500 car- <
loads.
SEVENTH LEAVES THURSDAY.
General Shaf ter Will Return to the
Command of This Department.
The Seventh California Regiment will
fold its tents for the last time on Thurs- i
day. The formal order for the departure
of "the regiment was issued from depart
ment headquarters yesterday. It is or
dered to rendezvous at Los Angeles,
where the colonel is Instructed to grant
the necessary furloughs. The regiment
will be furnished with two days' travel
rations and will go by way of the South
ern Pacilic.
Major John D. Miley of tho
First Infantry, aid and inspector general
upon the staff of Major General Shafter,
reached the city yesterday from the East.
He comes here for the purpose of arrang
ing some business matters and to take j
his family with him. Major Miley |
stated that while General Shafter was for j
the present temporarily assigned to the
department of the East, that he would be
sent here to assume command of this de
partment in a few months. General Shaf
tf-r has about a year more of service be
fore he has to retire, and the administra
tion will, no doubt, grant any wish that
he may have, and there is no doubt but
he may have, and there is no doubt
but that he desires to return here. Ma
jor Miley will return to the East next
Sunday.
First Lieutenant Cameron of the Fourth
Cavalry returned yesterday on the Ta
coma. The vessel only got as far as Hon
olulu when it was decided that it would
be impracticable to get her cargo of
horses to Manila. The water condensers
used for the purpose of providing water
for the horses proved not to have sufficient
capacity, and in consequence the animals
suffered greatly from thirst. These will
be enlarged and repaired before another
trip is attempted.
The Senator began coaling yesterday.
It is expected that she will be ready to
sail by the first of next week. No orders
have been formally issued assigning
troops to her, but it is almost certain that
she will carry the Third Battalion of the
Twenty-third Infantry, the Oregon re
cruits and Battery D of the California
Heavy Artillery. The Ohio and the
Valencia will be ready about the same
time, although according to the depot
quartermaster the Valencia will be ready
at the same time as the Senator. It is
thought that the First Washington will
bfl one of the first regiments sent away, i
It is understood that General Miller will j
go on the Newport, and that he will sail
just as soon as that vessel gets here and
can recoal.
. ♦ ■
MERCHANTS' ATHLETiC CLUB.
It Will Give a Boxing and Wrestling
Entertainment This Evening.
The Merchants' Athletic Club will pn
tc-rtaln Its members this evening with
an athletic programme consisting of box
ing and wrestling. Steve Vicine and Mau
rice L.ea will wrestle catch-as-catch-can,
best two out of three falls. Gene Mulli
gan and Jim Higgins and Jack McMa
hon and Charles Vickers will box three
round bouts. Mike Moliss and Frank Ely
will meet in a six-round contest. The main i
event will be an eight-round scrap for a
decision between Al Neil and Young Fitz
simmons, which promises to be quite in
teresting.
"Kid" Lavlgne remained over at Sag-
Inaw a few days to visit his parents, but
the managers of the National Club are
expecting to see him here at any time.
Lavlgne is a Very poor correspondent
since he parted with his old manager,
Sam Fitzpavrick, and doubtless he left his j
home in Sa^'inaw without a thought of
sending a dispatch to the National Club.
His opponent, Tom Tracey, is taking
matters easy In Aiameda until the ar
rival of Lavigne, when articles will be
signed for a twenty-round contest, which
will be held in the latter part of this
month.
Nothing new has been heard from Jim
Corbett since he telegraphed his brother
Harry to drop Jeffries off the list of his
prospective opponents. It is certain, how
ever, if the Eastern authorities will not
allow Corbett and McCoy to fight that a
contest between Corbett and Sharkey
will most assuredly be stopped. Sharkey
has telegraphed the National Club that
he will sign articles at any time to fight
Corbett In this city, but the ex-cham
pion has not yet found time to reply to
the offer of $15,000 which was made to
him a few weeks ago by the National
Club for a twenty-round fight with the
sailor.
• NEAD AGAIN IN COURT.
The Mayor of Sioux City Seeds a Dis
patch to Mayor Phelan About
the Case.
John M. Nead, the Methodist exhort er
from Sioux City, charged with' vagraHcy,
appeared in Judge Conlan's court yester
day morning. His attorney made a mo
tion that the case be transferred to Judge
Low's court, as Judge Low had tried the
case of Nead's wife, but the Judge said
he would take the motion under advise
ment, and continued the case until to
morrow to be set for trial by a jury.
Nead received a dispatch yesterday af
ternoon from Mayor J. H. Quick of Sioux
City addressed to' Mayor Phelan. It read*
as follows: "Your police have doubtless
made a mistake in arresting J. M. Nead
and wife as vagrants. They were mem
bers of the First Methodist Church here
and in business up to within a few
months of their departure. They went
to engage in religious work. He has a
brother who has a bad reputation. That
is probably how the error was made."
Asthma, bronchitis, catarrh cure guarant'd. Dr.
Gordln, Sanitarium, f>l4 Pine, nr. Kearny. S.F. Cal.
The Mission Dolores Fair.
The fair and bazaar of the Mission Do
lores church, which is being held in
Mission Opera Hall, on Mission street,
between Seventeenth and Eighteenth, is
meeting with success beyond the expecta
tions of the promoters. The attendance
is Increasing each night, and the. attrac
tions are so varied as to continue the in
terest. The contest for the most popu
lar young lady of the parish is becom
ing very exciting, and the young ladles
are running very close. The fair will
close next Saturday evening. To the Rev.
Joseph Conway niuch of the success Is
due, owing to his untiring efforts.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
XEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A McCoy, Bodle T Rullacha, Dutch Pit
F S Plummer & w, Md G T Ham, Chlco
A Abrams & w, Chicag C V Bailey, Reno
AY D Garwood, StoektniS C Gehrig & w, Denvr
F Ronaldson. N V Mrs C A Whittier. Cal
Miss Trussies, Los Ang M Bmlth,
H E Franklin, Fresno W Jones, Merced
F Flint, Tracy, W J Carter & w, Or
T Sudden. San Jose |D Sullivan. Sulsun
N Anguls. Bisbee llf Schneider, Sta Rosa
BALDWIN HOTEL..
J R Berry. Presidio |J B Colem&n, N T
R V Podge, Presidio C Luritzen, Holllster
J Brown Loa Ang S M Blum, Seattle
A J Burrows, Angel Ild'.T J Gosper, Los Any
W S Cole. N V 2 P Parker, Sta Cruz
C R Hadley, Chicago W F Lucas, Sta Maria
E E Parmeiee. Minn S Compodonlco. Cal
F Monaghan, Needles J P Lacey, Wateonvllle
W A Pinkerton. Chicag C D Taylor & d. Met
Mr? Moore. Chicago G G Grant, Fort Pt
E L Hill. Pomona |E L HolHday, Sta Crua
Mrs Drummond. Alask E Jones. Watsonville
W L Rodgers. Cal |B L Moore. Watsnville
A Bettens, Byron Spgs jJ F Cole, Modesto
J H yulnn, New York I
PALACE HOTEL..
D Stark. NT I B S Shpppanl, Ontario
F B Bnggs, Stockton |A W Ashley, Tacoma
X J Power, N V ! Mrs H liratnoher,
Count dcs Gerets, Paris A F Junes „ w, Cal
E W Hopkins. Menlo ; I>r A Orvi-ns, Italy
A II Spear, Hloomfleld I Treves, Bilogna
IT E Averlll & wife, C T Trice, Ky
A I. Key &• W, N V Mrs E S Hrtscoe. CaJ
3 G P Jeffrey, NY J P Churchill, Yreka
V Kankin, NY X A Molntosh, Chico
H Jacoby, N V W II Harris. N V
I A Fairchild. L Ang Mrs WII Harris, N V
M J Perrin. S Diego George Pop.-, N T
E S Ives, Ariz H Rosenbaum, X V
M II Allen, Dawßon H 3 Woodward. 11l
E B Swinney. NY G L Loope & w, Mich
B Stahl, N V Miss G L Lope. Mkh
GRAND HOTEL.
T McAullffe. 6acto IN Plackstlck, Ventura
G A Crandail, Sacto W T Conk, A Oranie
II G Melvin, Sacto IF Wrlsrht, Springfield
W H Trips?, Seattle IW Wright, Cambria
D D Mcßae, Truckee J L Buell. <al
C T Gilcer. Hopland W Douglass, Saeto
M Cady, Snnoma C IT P.ark, Yolo
W Mesorvey. Nev C*y .1 P Oustott. Yuba
W Martin, Glenwood E Tucker, Oroville
Mrs W Martin. Cal W James, < hemkee
A H Hif-hardson. Mass M Bigg* Jr. Oroville
W Richardson. Boston E Augustus, L Ang
C MeLellan. Truckee N M Hlatt. Whlttler
E J Somers, Eldridge B Longfellow <".U
F M Seagle, Alton A R Frnser. I^>s Ang
.1 l'.eryhill. Pcs Molnes R J Kern, Los Ans
G A Crane, Bacto IT J Wilson. S Berdlno
C Penilleton. L-s Ang G Trampton. Artesia
F Rndemaeher, L Ang L Escerlier. Los Ang
J A Forsbay, L Ang IS Prayer, I/os Ang
J Hughes, L Ang |F 'Beck. Los Ang
W Jeffries, L«>s Ang R Hawkins. Yreka
W H Flint, Los Ange G Waterland, Chlco
W Gaynf.r. Lob Ang IF J P"ornes, Monrovia
H Chynowlth, Cal iL Wherier, Monrovia
H Smyth. Oakland !W C Bnrth. Corona
W Smith. Soudan I M Thompson. S Barba
<,; H Norcrosa, Fresno ID Gately, S Paula
Mrs Sutherland. S LkeiT Donovan, Ventura
D Maher, Watsonvilla |_ Tappan. Stockton
c J Urowr St Ml'-h Mrs L Tappan. Stock
H L Oak. S Rafael IF Houghton, Corning
J R Young. Crannwre j A J Ttnodes, Cnl
E Poffenberger, Cran-, J T'.arham, R Hluff
more \ Mrs Keane, Boston
J I'i'ndleton, NBritain;j Voiuntln, Mkldl.twn
W Smith. Ensenada W Lampley, Mlddletn
H Weljb, L^mpoc Dr Kpllorr. I^ikei>ort
%V Elliott. S Maria G Meyers, Lakeport
W Steinbeck, Holllster 1 E Pumner, EUlrldee
M I' Xlxon. Putter C|H Harris, Marysvllle
J P Surface, lone ! J McCornmnchie, Cal
6AN FRANCIS-O CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— E27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
Zi" Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2626 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twer.ty-second an-* Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
JHKETIMi NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M., •
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-, _J\_
ING, October 11, at 7:1" o'clock. P. M. T__|t
and M. E. M. degrees. By order of/^r>
the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30, F. and ■
A. M.— Officers and members will as- _____
semble at the Temple on WKDNES- T_Y
DAY MORNING. October 12th, at S/V>
o'clock to participate in the delloatlon of
the Widows' and Orphans' Home at Decoto.
GEORGE J. HOBE, Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. ft
M. — Officers and members are requested _^%_
to attend the funeral of Hrctlier jK 2T
CH. H. KELLOGG, late of .'▼>
Syracuse Lodge No. 501, New York, from B.
B. Hall. THIS DAY (TUESDAY). October 11.
at 1 o'clock. Funeral committee please take
notice. By order of the master.
H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. ft
M.— Officers and members are re- _jffV_
quested to assemble at Masonic Temple IT "Jf
WEDNESDAY MORNING, 12th inst.. /v*
at 9 o'clock sharp, to Join with other lodges
as an escort to the Grand Lodge and to par-
ticipate In the dedicatory ceremonies of the
Masonic Widows' and Orphans' Home at De-
coto. By order of the Master.
;: THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— ft
This lodge will confer the first de- JV_
gree THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING nt TK.SP
7:30 o'clock, at King Solomon Hall, f^r
Masonic Temple, before the Grand Lodge. By
order of the W. M.
.■7-. ; CD. BUNKER, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— ft
Officers and members will assemble at m «%_
the SE. corner of Geary and Stockton it Jf
sts. TO-MORROW (WEDNESDAY) at'V'
9:30 sharp to participate in the parade to
Decoto, acting as escort to the Grand Lodge.
Members will report at that time to the
marshal. Brother E. W. Tucker, from whom
tickets can be purchased (cost - 7."> cents for ■.
round trip). Gloves and aprons will be fur-
nlshed at same time. The stewards will pro-
vide lunch for all members who attend. By
order of the W. M.
C. D. BUNKER, Secretary.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. ft
212, F. and A. M.— officers and _#m_
members of the above-named lodge are JS3T
requested to assemble at the Masonic /V^
Temple WEDNESDAY. October 12. at 9
o'clock a. m., to assist the Grand Lodge In
dedicating the Widows' and Orphans' Home
at Decoto, Cal. By order of the Master.
E. C. HARE, . Secretary.
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29, I. O. O. j^'tCtr
F.— lnitiation THIS (TUESDAY) SgSFjgKE.
EVENING. Brethren of lodge zZ&f&j^F
and order please attend. ' ' *wr»*« •.
S. J. MITCHELL, N. O.
SAMUEL POLACK, Secretary.
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued.
TRIUMPH Lodge No. 180, A. O. U. W.— Mfo,-
Officers and members: You are noti-jJijSTfc
fled to attend the funeral of our latetijgwjj
brother. PATRICK HOBAN, WEDNES- t-J*,^
DAY, at 9 a. m.. from Mission Dolores
Church. C. M. MOE, M. W.
J. H. CATTRAN, Recorder.
NOTICE— The annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Bank of California will be held
at the banking house in this city on TUES-
DAY, October 11. IS9B. at 11 o'clock a. m.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary. «
San Francisco, September 29, IS9S.
MEETING of the officers for the Saturday
and Sunday Morning Hospital Association
will be held THURSDAY. October 13. at 10:30,
at Young Men's Christian Association build-
ing. W. E. BROWN. President.
PHILIP LILLIENTHAL. Treasurer.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake St., San Francisco,
has received the following orphan and half
orphan girls from July 1 to October 1, 1898:
Margaret Edward?. 1 year 10 months; Grace
Jarrett. 4 years: Esther Jarre*, 2 years; Rosa-
lind Chrlstensen, 11 years; Hazel Wood, 5
years 2 months; Lillian Cruramey, 1 year 5
months; I'ora au Buchon, 7 years 9 months;
Ruth au Buchon, 3 years 1 month; Margaret
Anderson. 4 years; Esther Petersen, 6 years;
Albertine Peterson. 4 years; Ruth Vanler. 9
years; Ada Vanler. 1 year 1 months; Eva
Rhoade, 1 years 9 months; Jennie Scott, 7
years 5 months; Mary Scott, 3 years S months;
Amelia Scott. 4 years 1 month; Venus Maur-
mon. 11 years; Katie Kirkham, 13 years 5
months; Georgle Kirkham, 11 years; Jennie
Kirkham, 10 years.
WILL build 4-room cottage and furnish lot for
$950 on Installments; street work done; side-
walk. GEO. M. SALSBURY. builder. 521 X
st.. Sunset district.
DR. AGNES WTNZELL. the celebrated elec-
trician, 12<>6 Market St., diagnose diseases
without questions.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for U: collections mads;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. room 6: tel. 5580.
DR. MACLENNAN cures where medical art
fails or no fee; free diagnoses. 100 Halght. St.
SITUATIONS WASTED- FEBIAJLB.
A FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation, hotel
or boarding house, pastry and meat cooking;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LKX, 325 Sutter St.
A COMPETENT young woman, with 2 chil-
dren, 8 and 10 years, desires situation on a.
ranch; good conk and laundress; best of ref-
erence. MISS CULLEX. 3L'5 Sutter St.
A REFINED German second prirl and seam-
stress desires situation; best references; city
or country. MISS CUIXEN, 325 Sutter st.
LADIES desiring first-class help of all na-
tionalities can secure same by calling on or
addressing MISS CULLEN, 32S Sutter st.
BTRST-CX.AS6 colored family cook; best of
references; 525 to $30. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. Telephone Grant ISO.
SCOTCH cook, best of references, desires a
situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter st.
FIRST-CLASS nurse with the best of refer-
ences, desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 318 Sutter Ft.
A NEAT German woman, good cook and
houseworker; $10 to $13. MRS. NORTON. 313
Sutter st.
A FIRST-' 'I. ASS fcimstrfss by the day; best
refs. Apply to MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
A SWEDISH houseglrl, good cook and laun-
dress; beet ref. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
FIHST-CLASS Swedish waitress: excellent
references. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse. North German,
wishes a position; city or country; best city
references; wages $20. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
COMPETENT womon wishes work by the day;
day work or housework. 20S Fifth st.
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day;
$1 and car fare. Call or address 707 Tehama.
RESPECTABLE person (German) wants posi-
tion as working housekeeper or cook; best of
references can be given. Address 2224 Elm ay.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper; best of
references; city or country. Address box 831,
Call office.
WANTED— Position by a woman as nurse to an
Invalid or will travel; best references and
physician's certificate as to capability. Ad-
dress box 743, Call office.
YOUNG girl desires place as nursery governess
or would do waiting and second work. Call
or address 407 Taylor st.
EXPERIENCED laundress wants washing and
lrunir.R or housecleaning by the day. Call or
address 349 1 s Minna St., room 4.
WOMAN wlshea situation In private family to
do cooking and hotosework; wages $10 to $12;
plain washing. 924 Washington St., nr. Powell.
MIDDLE AGED woman; good cook and laun-
city or country: wages from $12 to $15
per month. Address 1000 Washington et.
WOMAN wlshea work by the day. Call or ad-
dress 208 lirumm st.
YOUNG colored girl to assist in housework and
car.- for child. Call 70« Green st. after 10 a. m.
YOUNG woman wishes housework by the day.
Apply 1574 Turk st
RESPECTABLE young woman wants position
as housekeeper or nurse. Box 1426. Call office.
HOUSEC—EANING or washing wanted by a
capable and honest woman, by the day or
we.-k; ?1 per day. 509 Fulton st.
FIHST-'M.ASS cook, German, wants situation.
920 Montgomery st.
SWEDISH Klrl wishes housework and cooking;
wages $25. Call at the Swedish Hnptist
Church on Tenth, bet. Howard and Folaona.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position, city
or country, to do general housework; mod-
erate wages. 1103 Powell st.
WOMAN wants work by 'the day, washing.
Ironing, housecleaning; $1 a day and car fart.
Hox 746, Call office.
liy refined, respectable woman with little girl 3
yecrs old, position as working housekeeper.
Will call if desired, or apply at 22 Lily aye.,
between Qottgfa and Franklin sts. _______ _
GIRL want:< position as cook. Call at 1609V4
California St., upstairs. /
GIRL to ro at dressmaking. 125 Bernard st^
GERMAN woman with a child wishes position
as working housekeeper or to do general
housework; city or country. 14 Rondel place,
off Sixteenth st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes situation in
private family; small wash: city or country;
good reference. 341 Minna St., bet. 4th & sth.
FIRST-CLASS seamstress and operator wishes
any kind of sowing by the day: terms $1 per
day and car fare. Call or address 350 Fifth st.
HOUSEWORK jrlrl. sood cook. 6 years' refer-
ence, wants a situation; wages $25 or $20.
Box 744. Call office.
ENGLISH widow wishes to clea"n and repair
men's clothes; small charges: best references,
AddnH Q. >' l"fi Stockton st.
A GERMAN girl wishes position as cham-
bermaid or second work and waiting. 802
Larkln st.
SITUATION wanted by a competent woman
to do light housework: would go East with
family for expenses; references; no cards.
2413 Folsom St.
A WORKING woman wants situation in wid-
ower's family; no objection to children. Call
for 2 days at 739 Minna st.
WANTED— By a lady from Canada, situation
as housekeeper for a widower with small
children, or caretaker for either an aged
couple or gentleman with invalid wife. Ad-
dress MRS. TWEEDIE, 2414 Hyde st.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady wishes a posi-
tion as housekeeper In a gentleman's house;
city or country. 2910 Sixteenth st.
SITUATION wanted by a young colored girl as
nurse for baby. Box 1467, Call office.
ELDERLY Scotch woman wishes to do light
housework; good cook on ranch. 136 Fifth St..
near Howard.
TWO refined, capable ladles desire situations
together as housekeeper and assistant or
otherwise. Address A. Z., Alameda P. O.
AN experienced teacher wishes a situation as
assistant bookkeeper amanuensis or teacher;
no objection to the country. Address MISb
L. L., 326 Noe St., near Seventeenth.
NEAT young girl desires position at second
work. Apply 1118 Green st.
WANTED— Day work: alao gentlemen's wash-
ing. Call rear of 127 Turk St.
TWO refined young g'rN desire situations In
country residence. A.kirese box 1166. Call.
SITUATIONS WMTED-MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay St.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
CHRISTIAN young man wants to workaround
a private place or any kind of a situation;
can drive and take core of horses. V. NEW-
MAN, 442 Fifth St.
WANTED— By steady young man any kind of
work; Is used to the care of stock, etc. Ad-
dress Box 146, Call office.
BY a first-class gardener; can take charge of
gentleman's place; best references. Box 836,
Call offloe.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
YOUNQ man. aged 26. expert accountant, with
one of largest firms in East past 4 years, de-
sires position on coast; Al references. Box
755, Call office.
ENGINEER, young German, competent and
steady, wishes position as engineer, assis-
tant or In boiler room. Engineer, 22 Sacra-
mento st.
MIDDLE-AGED German wishes situation of
trust to attend office a few hours a day for
pastime; small wages; best references. Box
1434, Call office.
YOUNG man. 27. desires position In office;
thoroughly experienced in all office work and
bookkeeping. Box 1431, Call office.
MAN and wife, Germans, would Hke positions
as Janitors, man handy with plumbing tools;
wife general housework; cooking; best refer-
ences. 257 Clara St., basement.
POSITION as bartender; experience. Box 143o!
Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man, sober and reliable, well
experienced with driving horses, carriages,
etc., for private family, wants situation; or
can take charge of gentleman's place of gar-
den, orchard, cows or fowls; good references
Address A. L. V., 763 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS cutter of long experience and
best of reference would like situation. Ad-
drees Cutter, box 752, Call office.
GARDENER, good propagator and greenhouse
man, can milk and take care horses, wants
situation; country place preferred; references.
Gardener, box 750, Call office.
CARPENTER wishes a situation; can drive
engine and do blacksmith work. Applj at
731 Folsom st.
YOUNQ man, 22, attending evening business
college, desires to learn some business, whole-
sale house preferred, will serve first six
months without remuneration; can furnish
reference as to respectability. Box 755. Call.
BUTLER or valet, experienced, city references.
Englishman, desires engagement. A. SPRING,
655 Pine st.
A SITUATION wanted by a first-class German
barkeeper with good references. Address 1<504
Geary St.. city.
tTHOLSTEKER, German young man, wants
situation. 655 Mission st.
A MAN who Is not as gwift as some people,
but steady and true, desires a position in a
private family, club, etc., In any capacity;
is entirely respectable and trustworthy. Ad-
dress box 1476. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER, 30, desires engagement; thor-
ough knowledge of single and double entry;
highest references. Box 1176. Call office.
EN INKER- Youne German, competent and
eteady, wishes position as engineer, assistant
or in boiler room; wages moderate. Box 762,
Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 E0 night: $1 60 to $•
week; convenient and respectable: free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE-
HOUSEWORK, $20, country ( fare paid. MISS
CULLEN, 320 Sutter st.
IRISH girl as cook, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
COOK. $20, small delicacy store. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. _
NEAT girl, housework, sleep home, $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, Jewish family, $25; 2 cooks, $30 each,
no wash. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
NURSEGIRL. $12 50 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, Martinez, $20; Gait. ?20; An-
tioch, $25; Oakland. $20; 15 housework girls,
city. $20; 8 young girls. assist, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
RANCH cook, $20, good place. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter at. ; J
LAUNDRESS and chambermaid, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WORKING housekeeper, $15. MISS CULLEN,
825 Sutter st.
COOK, mining town, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter at. __-
NURSE, invalid, $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st.
2 GIRLS as cook and second girl, country, $25
and $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT German or Swedish girl, housework, no
wash. $15, office fee paid. MISS CULLEN,
32.' Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, light work, $15. MISS CUL-
__N, 325 Sutter St.
GERMAN second girl and seamstress, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 3!5 Sutter St.
WAITRESS, boarding-house, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. ;
GOVERNESS. English branches, music and
German.' to travel to Europe and back. $25^
Apply with references to C. R. HAN SEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD waitress flnd crew of girls for first-
riass country hotel, $30 and $20: 2 waitresses.
fame country hotel. $20; 2 waitresses, city.
$20- 2 chambermaids to wait. $20; cook for
small new restaurant. $30; laundress for In-
stitution 128; laundress, country hotel, $20.
see party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. __
COOK small family. $25; cook, 2 in family,
«>,, house girl. Martln»z, $_j>, see party here;
Jewish family cook. $3P: X girls for house-
wnrk In city and country. $lo to $30. C. H.
HANSF.N £- CO., 104 Geary St.
NURSE girl for baby, $S to $10. C. R. HAN-
SEX & CO., 104 Geary st.
TWO ("•fi-man and French second girls. $20 and
$•>".• 4 cooks In American and German fami-
lies $ or > and $30; 4 cooks in boarding houses
and hotels. $25 and $30; girl for housework
American family, $25; woman to bake all
kinds of bread at her own home and a large
number of girls for all kinds of work in
city and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
PROTESTANT laundressfor an Institution. $25:
cook for 8 men, country, $26: waitress,
country $2fl; German or Scandinavian laun-
dress $25 MURRAY & RKADY, 634-636 Clay.
COOK $30- second girl, $20; housegirl, $25, no
washing: young girl to assist, $10; middle-
aged woman. $20; an old woman for light
work $10. must sleep home; 2 housegirls,
short' distance. $25 each; 10 young girls to as-
sist $10 to $15; 6 housegirls, $20 each: laun-
ch* $25 MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
WANTED First-class waist and skirt hands.
C Eddy St., rooms 96-97.
GIRL for general housework. Call bet. 10
and 12. 710 Hyde st.
FUR liners wanted. HOFLICH, 121 Post.
WOMAN for general housework and cooking In
small boarding house. 26 Steuart St., up-
stairs.
YOUNG girl to work In family of 2; wages $10.
564 Fell st.
GOOD pant? finisher wanted and good work,
at 373 Natoma St., near Fifth.
WANTKD— A tailoress to work on custom
coats. 43fl^_ Tehama st.
GIRL to do second work, waiting and sewing;
references; wages $20. 1725 Pine st.
GIRL for light housework; small family; wages
JlO. Apply 808 Filbert St.
COMPETENT German girl for house«s>rk and
cooking. Call before 11 a. m., 823 Flllmore.
A GOOD saleslady at E. Messager's Cloak
Store; none need apply except with city ref-
erences. 145 Post st.
EXPERIENCED laundress desires work. 6
John St.. near Powell.
WANTED— OirI to assist In general house-
work. Call 2527 Pine St.
NEAT young girl for light housework. 1726
Hyde st.
GIRL German preferred; cooking and house-
work. $20. 928 Lafayette St., Chestnut Sta-
tion, Alameda.
WANTED— A girl or woman to assist with
housework, plain cooking and washing; 2
children: $10. Mrs. A. P. Llndberg, Chrls-
tiania st., Berkeley.
WANTKD— 3 young ladies to work in museum.
Call 8 a. m.. SlO Kearny st.
GIRL to do general housework; German pre-
ferred; small family. 2214 Devlsadero Bt.
STRONG young girl for general housework;
wages $20. 253 Scott St.
GIRL — General housework; assist cooking: fam-
ily of threa; wages $10 to $12. 1625 O'Farrell.
RELIABLE woman for housework; accustomed
to children; small family. 311 Third, Oakland.
TRIMMER wanted. New York Millinery, 1208
Market st.
GOOD cook; also first-class waitress, at 1073H
Market st.. near Seventh; employment office.
WOMAN or young girl for light housework.
K>73V4 Market, near 7th; employment office.
FIRST-CLASS help wanted at Female Employ-
ment Office. 1073^4 Market st., near Seventh.
YOUNG girl for light housework. 918 San-
chez St., near Twenty-second.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on coats; also appren-
tice. 542 Geary st.
WANTED— Good finishers on pants. 560
Fourth st.
WANTED— Operators on flannel overshirts: a
few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., Z6V. Fremont st.
GIRL or woman; light general housework;
moderate wages. 8 Liberty st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; position*
free; patterns, 25c up. McDowell's, 10J Post,
LEARN sewing: at KEISTER'S: good positions;
patterns 10c up. 118 McAllister et.
HELP WAXTBD-MALB.
BROILER, $60; cook. 15 men, $2o; cook, small
country hotel, $35. see party here; baker's
helper, $17 50; dishwasher, country hotel, $20;
4 dishwashers, city, $15 and $4 a week. C. R,
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HARNESS cleanec $26 and iound assistant
greenhouse gardener, $20; ranch *£■__■__***•
4 farmers, $20 and $15. C. R. HAN SEN 4
CO., 104 Geary st.
20 QUARRYMEN; $2 a day: steady work. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 SCRAPER loaders, $1 25 a day and board; I
scraper teamsters, $1 a day and board. ••••
6 laborers, city. $1 75 a day, board where jou
like; office fee for above Jobs, oOc. o. "■
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
4 SCREW turners, $30 and board; 6 crosscut-
ters, $30 and board, see boss here: swamper.
$35, fare advanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
BLACKSMITH, railroad camp, $3< o0 and
board fare free; blacksmith's helper who can
shoe, for a ranch, $35; wagon painter $1 a
day and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
4 MEN to work in and around a winery: no ex-
perience required: $26 and board. C. K. iI ARI-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 MILKERS for the same large ranch; $25. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WAITER; hotel; near city; $25. C. R. HAM-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
10 2 and 4-horse teamsters for new work; $28
and board; long Job. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
2 AND 4-horse teamsters for the coast rall-
rua ,l free fare
25 2- horse teamsters for the Valley road. $25
an<l board free fare
10 2 and 4-horse teamsters, near city, $26 and
board: a Rang of laborers for the mountain
railroad, two-thirds fare free. C. R- HAN-
SEN" & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MR. STANLEY of Skaguay will be here this
morning to inform all laborers and rockmen
wishing to go on this railroad work in Alas-
ka; $22 50 fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
litary st.
COOKS To-day We want
6 hotel c00k5.. 555. $45, $35 and $25 and found
3 lunch counter cooks $» and $S week
3 restaurant cooks $10, $S and $7 week
6 dishwashers $25, $20 and $15 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WAITERS We want To-day
6 hotel waiters $30, $25 and $20 and found
5 restaurant waiters $8 and $9 week;
2 coffee house waiters and cook chops, etc....
$7 week
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
PORK packer, $35 and found, for larpe ranch.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
IN SAN FRANCISCO
15 2-horse teamsters
$175 day and $26 per month and found
57 laborers.. Jl 7! day, $26 per month and found
Driver for milk wagon $3ft and found
Mt'RRAY & READY, 634 and 888 Clay Ft.
12 FARM hands.. s26, $25, $20 and $15 and found
3 milker? $2° and ?2o and found
Farmer and wife, see boss here
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
PORTER, country hotel, 26c, $20 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO the Great Railroads
55 2-horse teamsters, free fare $1 75 day
IS6 laborers Free fare. $1 75 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WOODCHOPPERS Tie makers
236 woodchoppers $2 oil, $2. $150 and $1 cord
98 tie makers Sc, 9c and lie each
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
CEMENT finisher. $3 day. city Job; young man
for packing, etc., $4 week, city job. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO Arizona To Arizona
188 men wanted. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay at.
WANTED — Scandinavian choreman for institu-
tion, $20; 6 men to grub and clear land, $25
an acre; quartz miner, $2 50 day; 4 mora
gravel miners; farmers, $20; 2 woodchoppers,
$1 50 cord; 75 laborers and teamsters, $1 60
and $1 75: young farmer to learn fruit rats-
Ing; and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT _
CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook and wife, private boarding
house, $45; restaurant conk, $11 week; 2 hotel
waiters for country. $25: restaurant waiters,
dishwashers, kitchen men and others. Apply
to J. F. CROPKTT A CO., OS Sacramento st.
WANTED — 1 fireman and 1 waterbu etc for
thresher, see party here; 2 ranch teamsters,
near city, $26. fare Be; DO men to chop wood,
all winter's Job. tools and provisions ad-
vanced; old man or bojf on a ninch near city,
$12 and found; cook an dishwasher for coun-
try hotel. $35 anil US, and others. W. D.
EWER _ CO., 526 Clay st.
WANTED— Waiter, hotel. $30; waiter. $7 a
week; waiter, country. $2^; vegetable man for
hotel, $20; dishwasher. f_; night cook, $40,
etc. ANDRE'S, 316 St.-c-kton st.
6 FARM hands, $.0; 10 men for woods, mills
and roads, $26; timber fellers. $40 and $30;
woodsmen. $30 and $35; laborers, city, $1 75
a day; cook, institution, $35; lunch cook. $15
and room; waiter, $25; boys. $4 50 a week;
German boy, $15 and found; bf'dspring makers.
R. T. WARD & CO., 60S-RlO Clay St.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
30 years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their intention to become such; must be ot
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height. For further
Information apply at the recruiting office, 20
Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— A strong boy to take care of horse
and to help in store; one living at the Mis-
sion preferred; state wages expected. Address
box 532. Call office.
JOHN BEAMISH— PIease call at 6 Leidesdorff
street.
GOOD SHOEMAKER on repairing at 61S Shra-
der St., near Haight.
COOPERS wanted for Santa Cruz; loose work.
' Apply to HENRY COWKLL, 211-213 Druram.
WANTED — A boy between 14 and 16 to learn a
trade; wages $2 per week. Apply 35 Post st.
WANTED— Painters for drydock. J. G. ED-
MONDSON, 220-222 Brannan st.
WANTED— A lunch waiter. 106 Second st.
WANTED— A second cook, wages $15, at th»
Washington Hotel, 626 Fourth st.
DISHWASHER wanted; $15 per mrrth. 15
Third st.
WAITER wanted. 626 Sacramento st.
WANTED— An experienced wrapper; state age.
experience, salary, references. Box 737, CaJU
GOOD cook wanted at 108 Hayes St.; restau-
rant.
BOY wanted, 18 years old. Address box 753.
Call office.
GOOD tailor wanted for busheling. 625 Com-
mercial st.
BOY wanted In printing department. JOHN
PARTRIDGE. 306 California st.
20 LABORERS for pick and labor work at
Bay and Leavenworth sts.. city. S. F. Team-
Ing Co., 1351 Turk St.
YOUNG man, stock clerk, hardware line, state
age, wages desired; reference. Box 535, Call
office. .
DISHWASHER and cook wanted. 1212'_ Polk
st.. Model Restaurant.
TWO good waiters for Golden West Hotel.
WANTED— 3 men to solicit on something new.
Call at once, 156 Fifth st.
WANTED — At once a good job shop plater, one
who can do his own polishing; wages $2 50
per day. Wire or address Pacific Railing and
Plating Works, US Union St., Seattle, Wash.
WANTED— Strong boy for retail store; state
fullest particulars. Box 1427. Call office.
TO go to-day — Another lot, 200 pairs men's
second-hand shoes, some nearly new, from 250
to $1. 562 Mission St., bet. First and Second
sts.; o£en all day Sunday; call early.
WANTED— Third hand on bread and cakes.
Call at 4 p. m.. 32 Sixth st.
COAT makers; work inside. 223 Sutter st., up-
stairs.
i STEADY barber wanted at 2957 Telegraph aye.,
near Forty-ninth «t., Oakland. Call at above
number before 9 a. m.
BOY 15 to 17 years old as typewriter for a city
office; state full particulars and wages re-
quired. Box 1464. Call office.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free emplov-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
HALF-TONE photo engraver for a desirable
Proprietor, 1304 Franklin, Oakland.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or
trade guaranteed $15. 1542 Market st.
AMATEUR musicians for social purpose 323
Bush St.. office No. 4. third floor.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50" men's
solelng, 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
BA ,?BKRS - Ass'n Free Employment Office. 3.
FUCHS, Sec. 32,. Grant aye. ; tel. Grant 138.
MEN antl women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. ISS>_ Eighth st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
&AILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis «t.. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airjr
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 3h Ellis iLHELP WAXTKD- Continued.
WANTED— Plasterers to stay away : from San
Francisco as there are plenty of men and
are on strike. '
TRY Acme House, 857 Market Bt.. below Sixth,
for a room; 2uc a night; $1 a week.
BAILORS, i Unary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Linden House, Sixth and Howard stu.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third st.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c night; reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FURNITURE .WASTED. "
CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer-
chandise; sold on commission; reasonable. E.
COHX. auctioneer. 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904."
ROOMS "WANTED. — -
YOUNG man wants room with private fam-
ily; between Taylor and Larkin sts.; state
terms Box 751, Call office.
WANTED — light housekeeping room*; sunny
bedroom, furnisned, $10. Address box 23, Call
i branch office. 106 Eleventh st.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS^ .
A LOT of old windows; any size; must be
cheap.. Address box 1484, Call office.' .
CLOTHING, bric-a-brac, books, periodicals
fought. Send for KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magics lantern appa-
ratus. second-hand. IC9 Montgomery St. -
LODGING HOUSES FOX SALE.
A— KREDO & CO 22". Geary st.
v Money advanced on all houses.
7{ooms; Turk St.; all rented •. $273
11 rooms; new and elegant: O'Farrell St.. 500
12 rooms; Ellis st.: clean $«0 SCO
15 rooms: Third St.; rent only $:SO 275
2! ro>ms; dining-room; corner 1700
A— s6o3; 23 rooms; monthly receipts $115; rent
j*a; good furniture. KKEDO & CO.. 22Vs Geary.
A— s6o-.'; 37 rooms: centrally located; clears $150
month: snap. KREDO & CO., 22V4 Geary st.
A— "' ; ' £3 rooms;' bay-window corner; 'cen-
tra ily located; clears $150 month: $1000 cash
balance time. KREDO & CO., 22V. Geary at.
65- ROOM HOUSE: CALL FOR PRICE.
?s F Givi N ;fiwiY. Ai ' MOST concluded
IS-room house on Sixth st $500
25 rooms: sunny corner 1100
15-roor.i hcust?: clears JlOO 50 )
21-room house: central: . pars $i;o £00
S2-roorr> hous«; best in cltv 1000
12-room houw; worth $80).*. ;ioi
15-room house; on Putter st 4'o
"4- mom house; clears Jl5O 1400
:0-room house; worth JIuTQ 400
50 other houses, from 3 to 200 rooms. All
prices.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A — ?.£-mom house; best transient house
in city; 2 entrances: a bargain ;. ...:•
18 room?; north of Market Ft.: fine $1200
76 roomie seloct: transient; corner 3500
15 rooms;, rent $20 400
22 rooms; north of ' irket: clears $125 1180
16 rooms: a]] new furniture 575
IF YOU WILL CALL ON ITS
WE WILL SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION
PR] AND SIZE OF HOUSE '
_ F. C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market st.
A — BIO hargain: must be sold at once: IS !
rowns; new furniture; Riven away for $400
only. F. C. HYPS 4 CO., IMS Market st.
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market St.
IS rooms: M.irket St.; rent $50; part cash. $850
26 rooms; rent $35; corner 550
80 looms: Post st. ; fine place 1.800
4? rooms: rent $30; corner 800
EC room*; rent $110; near Call building.. 2,000
$225—16 FURNISHED rooms; 1 block from Mar-
ket St.; rooms all rented; good location. i
JONES & SEARLL. 565 Market st. j
$250 HOUSE of 10 well furnished rooms: pays !
well: cheap rent; great bargain. National ;
Agency, 7 Grant aye.
LODGING house; bargain for cash. He-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
$150 — 7-ROOM house; good paving: sickness; •
bargain: no dealers. Apply 307 Third st.
FrRMTIRE FOR SAW!,
FURNITURE of 6-room flat for sale cheap. 237
Franklin -• • ■ ■
LOST.
LOST — Bunch of keys on Washington st., from
Davis to Montgomery. Please return to
J. F. ROSSI. 207 Washington st.
LOST— Blue and white greyhound dog. Return !
to 1018 Market St. Liberal reward.
LOST— Lady's gold watch on Solano st.. bet. ,
Mississippi and Kentucky Sunday afternoon.
Please return to 1004 Mariposa St., Potrero; ■ .
reward. " : "' 1 .*7-. ;
i PARROT lost Thursday. Finder state where it j
can be identified and reward, given. M. 8. :
box 1459, Call office.
LOST — A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of Ban Francisco. In the
name of CHARLES ZISSIG. No. 222,114. The
finder will please return to bank.
OLD gold, diamonds and wedding presents
bought at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant are.
CERTIFICATE No. 234 for 10 shares of the San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railroad.
Issued to A. G. RUBS, has been lost and a
reward of $10 Is hereby offered for delivering '
the tame to A. G. RUSS. 2CI Montgomery st
MEDICAL.
. . j
ALL Ladles— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
EC years' 'practice; cafe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self -cure sent; call or write: free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1223 Market
St.: pills, $1; very strong. $2.
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored j
instantly (no matter from what cause); safe
and sure at any time; my celebrated reme- !
dies and treatment have never been known to ,
fall: travelers h£lpe<l without delay; home In
confinement; skillful medical attention; all !
these who are sick and discouraged consult
the doctor free aru\ confidential: strong pills. j
$1; guaranteed curt. $5. MRS. DR. WYETH.
;f>S Turk Et.. near Jones. [
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed I
absolute cure for all female diseases ; posi- i
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in tlir.» It also acts as a pre- ;
ventlve; price $1 £0 per box. sent free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23
Grant aye., S. F. A — Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat- j
ter from what cause and hnw long standing; i
every woman her own physician: restores al-
wr.j-s in one day; safe and sure: no medi-
cine or 'Instruments used; consultation free;
eaves disgrace: pills and capsules. $1; cure,
$5 By the well-known ladles' physician for
IT years. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
LADIES. Chlchester'a English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; taks
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladies": letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cares of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause: no Instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office. 15; travelers helped instantly:
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
ALPS AUS French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe, cure; $2 10:
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late. •
OPGOOD BROS.,, Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
MRS. ACHARD, , midwife;, sunny, pleasant
home In confinement. 156 Second ft.
~ ' CARPET CI.KA.MJiG.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st. : telephone South 250.
WHEN you beef disgusted with poor work
•end to S^AULPING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 553-57 v arna st. : tel. 8. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at Sc
STRATTON. 3 Eighth st : k«I. Jessie 844.
3 E MITCHELL Carpet-c!eaning Co., 240 14th
Bt.: cleaning 3c yard; tel. Mission "*■
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126. ■- . ■> -. "■ .-|
ADVANCE Carpet cleaning Co.: 402 Suffer st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
SEWING MACHLKES.
DOMESTIC- 6 drawers,' walnut, nickel plated,
_ $15.^2071 Ellis at. ■' - -.;••' .. _,..-.'.'■
AUTOMATIC, Domestic. Singer and White
__cheap: repairing guaranteed.- 1915 Mission »t.
J2 MONTHLY rented: repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. ,145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.- :
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, -rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
usea ror sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & C 0. .110 Montgomery.
A Hammond. $25; CaHgraph. $15: Tost, . $25;
get ».".mr.!>- work. SCOTT. 33? Montgomery st.
BICYCLBS.
N h M birycles. from $3 up; new
t iris S» new ! , U0 blc '' 0 »« tor $29; new
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving- Co:,
office Tenth and Market; telepbonV South M.
EtSIJfESS CHANCES.
WE have buyers for any leKitimatenbuslnessl
parties wishing to sell give us a call; coun-
try correspondence aoliclted. National Agency,
7 Urant aye.
J4 *'r, s -\ I ' OON opposite ferry; clears $100 month.
• r grocery and bar;clearB $76 month.
M'-O— !<e«uurant; recetpte $40 to $50 day $170—
Branch bakery; 4 roums; a bargain. National
Business Agency. 7 tirant aye.
{S"o— Restaurant; receipts $45 day: 11 boarders
pay $15 month; will exchange for small coffee
«atooa. National Agency, 7 Grant avenue.
$4<o— BRANCH bakery, stationery and variety
store; near school; clears $60 month; 4 rooms;
bargain. National Agency. 7 Grant aye. -
«200— PARTNER wanted; light «enteel cash
business; Uat 16 years cleared $7.' a month to
each; big chance to Increase; must have help.
Isatlonal Buelness Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$360— FENE comeV saloon, with clubroom; fine
liitures; surrounded by factories; great bar-
gain on account of sickness; thle week only.
National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
A— LIST your store, property or business piace
witl> WILKE & UNFUO, »06 Market st., the
old established and reliable Business Agents.
We have a large list oi' buyers who would like
to buy In country towns.
A— s3oo; corner grocery and bar; 2 blocks south
■ ; -Market st-; living rooms; rent $25; a snap.
U lI.KE A l/XFUG, 9C6 Market st.
A— slloo saloon; rent $50; established for years
and doing a business clearing $125 per
month; located near Palace Hotel; elegant
fixtures; dipugreement of partners causes a
bargain. WILKE & UNTUQ. MS Market st.
A— S7OO— CORNER grocery and bar; 4 living
rooms: rent $27 50; one block south of Market;
Average dally receipts 16; 2 barrels whisky in
stock. Particulars, WILKE & UN»UG. 90«
Market st. . ■ ;
CORNER saloon with club room: rent ;
$30; best location; surrounded by planing
mills and factories; a splendid offer. Par-
ticulars. WILKE & I NFUG, 306 Market «t.
MEAT market, best Mission -neighborhood;
-Just opened: everything new; biggest bargain
ever offered In city. STEWART & CO.. 632
Market st. —■*■-.. ■
PARTNER wanted in well-located brokerage
business; established 20 years; can't be
worked by one person; small capital. STEW-
ART & CO.. 832 Market st.
SALOON «nd cigar stand with five furnished
rooms, paying well; party has other business;
bargain If quick sale: it will pay you to in-
vestigate. STEWART & CO., 632 Market st.
BARBER shop, four chairs; fine location; pay-
ing $100 per month: thorough investigation; a
bargain. STEWART & CO.. 632 Market at. ,
A— s2oo; saloon; easily worth $1000; $10 daily.
KREDO & CO.. ?2'-b Geary st. -■ ■
A— s;.oo: corner ear stand; fine location; value
in stock: H« daily. KREDO & CO.. 12-4 Ueary.
A— s7oo: partner; milk route and boarding stable;
200 steady customers; clears $250. Kredo & Co.
A_$800; Branch bakery, delicacy and laundry
office; best In Mission; $16 dally; sold on ac-
cr.unt of sickness. KREDO & CO.. 224 Oeary.
CORNKK grocery and bar; good paying busi-
ness. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
bargain if soM this day. Mc-
LAUGHXJN & CO.' 777 Marttet st.
$If.O— CIGAR stand; worth more money. Mc-
hlin & CO.. 777 Market st
$900— ELEGANTLY fitted-up restaurant and '
coffee house: fine central location; opposite !
the ferry; running expenses very light; satis-
faction of profits will be given; owner has
other business; compelled to sacrlflca. STEN-
BERG & CO., SSH K-arny st.
$250— SALOON; 3 blocks Call building; long es-
tablished: sickness sole "cause of sale: a bar-
gain. JONES & SSARLU 865 Market at.
J $200— MAN or lady to set up fixtures and -open
I coffee and chop house downtown; no experi-
ence required. 605 Clay St.
BARBER shop running 2 chairs, clearing $20 '
a week, with 3 rooms, furniture; will give j
trial. Box 756. Call office. •
EQUITY In Chicago income property to
trade for San Francisco property or a good
business. Box 1422, Call. ,___
WANTED— Partner; Email capital; not afraid
of hard work. Address 3 days, W. A. H..
SSSH Howard st.
$500 CASH buys half interest In good paying
business; office work. Box 1463, Call office.
FOR — Grocery and bar, with living rooms.
Inquire Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific et.
FIRST-CLASS barber shop near city. Apply
DECK LMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st. .
WANTED— best business that $50 cash
will buy. -Box 1433. Call.
CITY HALL square, 7. corner Market— Suitable ■
for any business; rent $15. , - : -. --,
FIRST-CLASS waist maker to take half in-
terest in opening dressmaking establishment.
2H Van.Xeps aye. - ■' .--,-.. '■ :.."-'
$200— DELICACY store; 84 San Pablo aye.. Oak-
land: good reason for selling; doing good
business. |
WANTED— SaIoon in country- Address box \
1425. Call Office.
.BUTCHER shop cheap; good outside trade; i
sells 15 cattle weekly; is good chance for
business man; only principals apply to F.
UHI & CO., Clay st. market.
PARTNER wanted with $«>1 to $1000 cash for
working quartz and placer claims adjoining;
r r-ill sell all claims at reasonable price.
I'lrase rail at 310 Putter st.
BARGAIN: good restaurant; no reasonable
offer refused. Inquire Santa Clara Dairy, 1012
Howard Ft., near Steuart.
FOR — City Call ■ route paying $150 per
month profit. For particulars address box
144 1, Call office. : •
MAN with $200 or $300 to travel; big money; no
canvassing. E. H. L.. 716 Larkin St. '\
SALOON ; whole or half-Interest; city front;
' opposite ferries. •23 East st., near Clay.
I GOOD paying shoe business for Bale cheap.
Apply at £69 Market gt.. basement. -\
! FOR sale cheap— bakery, notions and
cigars. 2102 Howard st. '
j WANTED — Young man with $250 to start a
corner grocery and bar: good stand In view;
cheap rent. Apply 712 Vermont ft.
j LARGE hotel furnished : must be sold. Call
256 Third st. and make offer. . -
i GOOD location for butcher shop: 2 rtns. ; rent
reas. 290 3d aye., cor. Clement; Butro cars.
OYSTER house and restaurant; very best lo-
cation. Apply Call office.
FIRST-CLASS saloon. Inquire Wleland Brew-
ery, Second st., near Folsom.
; FIRST-CLASS saloon; one block from the Bald-
win Hotel. Full particulars by application to
Hayes Valley brewery, 512 Grove st.
SUNNY store, bar; 2 rooms: brick basement:
fixtures complete; cheap. NE. cor. Dolores
and Fifteenth sts. •
I $Gso— old established market on principal
business street; good reason for selling. ' Box
1178, Call office. .. .- .
j FOR sale — Call route at San - Jo**. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
; HEADQUARTERS for solicitors on coffee, tea,
spices, etc.; supplied as wanted; cheapest
prices. 107-109 Beale st. ' : '- -
HORSES.
j 60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyards, . 220 Valencia St., between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons. |
j harness, etc.. at your own price; come --and
make an offer. ■- . . , \ ,
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand . Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN Si. DOYLE, Auctioneers.
JUST arrived— carloads work, draft and driv-
Ing horses. . Occidental Sale Yards.72l Howard.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. r
LADIES' rustic cart, 2-horse trap and.6-pas'-
s<»n;rer .wagonette. Golden Oate aye., and
Polk at. ' „ ■:. : ■■ -.".* '_» ; ./.-.-.
1 SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
> FOR SALE— fiISCELLAXEOUS.
FOR SALE at a" bargain a complete plant for
can making, suitable for any cannery. „ For
further particular*, address^ COWARD, 217
Sacramento st. , / -
AN almost new Oliver for Bale cheap. Address
box 754, Canjafflce./ ;
CONCERT-size guitar, worth $16 for $7. UNCLE
HARltlg._ls_Graiit aye.
BKFECH- LOADING shotgun for $15: cost orig-
inal $22. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye. ,
FOR ' sale-rNo. S : Eureka ;■ ranch stove. 119
Tenth st.: ".- ■- ' ' : ' '■ - --
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
loiTooo FEET second-hand lumber; all kinds
old buildlnl-f. bought and sold. FRENCH ; &
CO., Fifteenth and Valencia «ts.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture und fixtures; new and l second hand. . J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1028 Mission St.. above
- Sixth.. -^ ■■•:■' ': '■'-: .■::••''■-■ ' ■'• • ■ '" : ■ '"-' -■-• -" ;
SECOND-HAND belting. P u i shafting, r *"■
gSnes. boilers. : dynamos, etc. , EM Mission st. •
SAFES— New and ' second ' hand; cheaper than
ever. Herman Safe Manfc. 533 Sacramento.
i-!!'iV("i(,ILM'HS $20; -records,'.: %l 'per doaeni
grojtetowopef l i'<<* S»c*aUipl. < S3B-952 Market.
J R POOL house mover, dealer second-hand
_bulldlng • matertal. ■% 1124 Mission; tel. South 73,.
SAFES-^Bargalns, IB new; and second hand: all
" sizes; hair orlrlnal cost., 109-111 Market, S. F.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, OCTOBER It, 1898.
HOISHS TO LET.
EDDY, 1541— Nice 2-story house; 6 large rooms,
6 closets; modern; rent reasonable.
20 MARY, near Fifth and Mission— 7 rooms;
double parlors; $22 60.
NEW house 5 rooms; plenty out huildings; 3
vacant lots; $10. 912 Creacent aye.
VICTOR St., off Bryant, bet. Seventh and
Eighth; cheapest tenements In the city; good
location; sunny rooms; rent reasonable; key
at grocery, cor. Bryant and Victor sts.. or
MADISON & BURKE, G26 Markc-t st.
TVE can rent you & house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & EOWELU 10 Mont-
gomery st.
( LODGE rooms furnished, 237 Mission; 10-
rocm house. 2417 Butter: &-room cottaif*, HO5
Butter. Apply L. ALTBCHUL. 820 Clay »t.
FIBMSHED HOISES.
COMPLETELY furnished cottage of 4 rooms,
hall, bath, gas, hot and cold water; coal and
par Btovm; large basement floored; front and
back yard; rrnt only 52a; Inspect 10 to 5. Call
or address F. C. HYDE & CO., 1206 Market.
COTTAGES TO LET.
WANTED — Tenants at once for lovely 5-room
cottages; $12. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market Bt.
$7— SUNNY cottage of B rooms. Iloseoe St.,
off Crescent aye.; apply 64 Silver St., off 3d.
$15— BAY-WINDOW cottage. 4 rooms, bath; $15,
flat. 5 rooms, bath. 220 Thirteenth at.
FI'RXISHED FLATS.
NICELY furnished flat; « rooms and bath. 11l
FpII st.
FLATS TO LET.
ASH aye., 127, between Polk and Van- Ness,
near McAllister— Modern 5-roorn flat.
CLAY, 1417 A —One of the most beautiful flats
In town: convenient, commodious and sunny:
marine view; rent very reasonable.
CLAYTON. $72, south of Frederick— Sunny
modern flat of 6 rooms and bath; cheap.
COZY 6- room house; bath; nice yard; $20. 1206
Turk St., or SPECK & CO.
FELL, Flat. 4 rooms, bath; basement; gas;
hot and cold water; yard; $15; key at 513 Fell.
FLAT to let, 7 rooms and bath; suitable for
rooming and private. 951 Folßom st.
FRANKLIN. 717, near Golden Gate aye.— Sunny
corner flat of 6 rooms and bath.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1158, near Webster— j
sunny upper flats, 6 and 7 rooms. j
HYDE. 1720— $18; 5 choice sunny rooms; all
modern improvements. ~
ivy av<\, 62, near Mechanics" Pavilion— Fine
sunny flat 4 rooms.
LARKIN, — Flats of 6 and 6 rooms and
bath; rent $18 and $20. V-/.-V; :
LARKIN, 1310— let; small flats of three
rooms.
LEAVEN WORTH, 1519— Upper flat, 5 rooms;
modern improvements; rent $16.
LOVELY 7-room flat on Pine St.; $30; flats!
$10 up. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st. j
NATO MA. 72$ — 4-motn flat, lower part of house;
sunny side; water free; $12. "■
NEW flat, 5 rooms and bath; all modern Im-
provements. 839 Church st.
SAN JOSE aye.. — 5 sunny rooms, bath: rent
$12: lower flat. •■' ' - ' ■ ■
TURK, 30S — Flat, Cory, furnished. 5 rooms and
bath. Call from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
TEHAMA. 331— Upper sunny modern flat; 7 j
rooms and bath: low rent; also lower flat.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a j
flagpole. BALDWIN & ISOWELL. 10 Moa;-
gemery st. . I
3 NEW sunny modern flats. 925 Golden Gate
aye., fil.Vs Grove st. and 1421 Hayes st.
3 LARGE sunny rooms; large yard. 212V4
Eleventh/Ft.
7 ELENA VISTA aye. and 1021 Halght, above
Broderick; cczy 5 and 6 room flats; nice view. j
$12 £O— FLAT of 4 rooms. 125 Page St., bet. I
Gough and Octavia. !
JI7— WAT..R free; 6 roor»« and bath. 171S '
Leavenworth st.
ROOMS FOll HOlSK!iKF,ri\(,.
AT Polk. 612 — Newly furnished and unfurnished •
rooms for house kpg; reat. clean, quiet house. '.
BUCHANAN, 02. earner SWl— May-windows
with kitchen; all sunny; $12 to $14 per suite.
rU'E.VA VISTA aye., 449. Ashhury Heights—
6 furnishfVi rooms for housekeeping.
DEVISADERO, 1004— 3 larg.- sunny furnlnhed
rooms; running water; gas stove; bath; 3
liri"E of cars.
ERIE. 47, between Thirteenth and Fourteenth—
3 neat cheap rooms furnifhod for housekeep-
ing: garden.
FOLSOM. 863 — Fine large sunny furnished bed-
room, cozy connecting kitchen; furnished;
yard.
GR<'VE, 202, corner Van Ness aye.— Sunny un-
furnished 3-room mites, with gas range.
HOWARD, 719^2 — 2 furnished housekeeping
rns.
HOWARD, 106S— A newly furnished sunny par-
lor EUlte. hkpg, $12; others. (8; s.ng.e, $4 mo.
HOWARD. 1431 — 3 nice sunny unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; large yard; $12.
JESSIE, 4"9. bet Hth and 6th— 3 sunny connect-
ing rooms, furnished complete for housekeep-
lng. $12.
McALLIPTER. 422— Large tunny front room,
with running Wslter; siso Kitchen.
MISSION, 1129— Newly furnished rooms for
housekeeping; other rooms: reasonable.
NATOMA, €0* — 8 unfurnished connecting rooms
for housekeeping; separate house; reasonable.
NINTH 21— Large bay window sunny room,
furnished for light housekeeping. 3S; others.
NOE, 111, near Fifteenth— Three pleasant, neat-
ly furnished rooms; modern: sunny cornrr
flftt; 2 front and 1 alcovo; bath; large eloaets:
Bta. tubs, coal range, linoleum, garden; $14.
O TAVIA, 155— Low rent: one or more; fur-
nished or unfurnished; use of parlor.
OCTAVXA., 14CS. corner Geary— Large sunny
room and kitchen v.-lth stove; $12.
RUSS. 14&— 1 large housekeeping room, with '
al! conveniences. $2 pr-r week: also front and
back parlor nicely furnished, with use of
kitchen.
THE Piedmont, 11»A Sixth St.— 2 or 3 rooms,
iurnished for housekfcejiinic; also other rooms.
TURK. W— Nicely furnished rooms; also 2 com-
plete for housekeeping. •
VALLBJO, IJU'I- 3 sunny unfurnished rront
rooms; bay-windows: bath ; $9.
VAN NESS, 400 — Unfurnished sunny parlor
floor, 4 rooms; newly papered: modern.
VAN NESS eve., 712— Sunny suites, single
rooms with or without board; housekeeplpg
rooms.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT .12 SECOND— Nice single, double and light
housekps rms; wk, $1 to $2 50; day 25c to 50c.
A— STOCKTON, 242— First-class sunny front
rooms; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Keamy St.— Pleasant
tunny rooms, en suite and single: first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
BALBOA, The, 1409 A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms EOc, suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited; elev*tr; tel.
BOHEMIA. Z~:< Port ft., S bl"Ok« Palace Hotel-
All conveniences; reasonable; sunny corner
rooms; touris.t*; elevator; board if desired.
CLIFFORD. 20: Kllis. ;. or. . Mason— Hunny
• suites and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE. 1433- Market— Furnished or . un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8. $10 mo.
EDDY. 3, cor. -Powell Sunny furnished front
room on. Market at., $i' 50 per week.
FELL, llS— Large finely finished room; running
water, gas, etc; private family. - n
FELL, 1712, panhandle Park— Sunny rooms with
board: gentlemen or couple; references. .
FIFTH, 109, near Market— Sunny room for gent;
also suite -for doctor; quiet house.
FIRST. Furnished outside room, $5 per
month. ■:.■■■ —-..-.• .
GEARY. 402 — Just opened: carpeta and furni-
■ ture new; sunny, front, furnished and un-
furnished rooms; reasonable; offices; Ist floor.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rocras; suites cr single. MRS- H. HYER.
GLOBE House, Ml ' Howard— Psr night. 25e - to-
$1: week, $1 to 14; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 216— Suite of rooms, wrMl
fumlßh-d. adapted for, doctor's office, music
teacher or housekeeplns; also : large sunny
..■' basement. -, • .. ■:■ . '•; . ' V /:%■"-" . ■■'■>'-■
GOLDEN GATE aye.. Newly .-furnished,
double and single rms; new house; -gas; bath.
GOL/DEN I Gate aye., 427-iHot house, sunny
: place. -.-:", . ■■-• ■--■ ■,' -'. ■ ' ~... '-■-: : '' t .'V
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1000. cor. Laguna— Middle
flat; park view; handnomely : furnished; extra
, - lhrse sunny ■ bay-window ■ front room; ' quiet
, home; price %V> CO. : *1 - - ..-^-
GOUGH, ' 530—2 7 ounny furnished rooms; • hot
: and cold water. ;.y '■ ■■'/"' '.-'-•'•• .'■■'■:'■> -' : -:
GRAND SOUTHERN. SB. • cor. '.. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant ; sunny rooms; : en suit* and
*'' rlngle; elevator; • moderate rates: ■ families. ,
HANCOCK House. ■ 781 Mission— I family
, rooming house; jl '■ CO to ?6 , ptr. week. , -.- ,.,,-: '
lI ASKELL. The. ; 121 ■ Powell at.-- Cheap - naat
light sunny,, rooms; traneiepts; Bents prefero.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
HYDE, 913— Double & single sunny furnished
rooms; new house; bath; gas; reasonable.
MASON, 223— Nicely furnished, light rooms,
from $1 50 per week up; quiet house.
MINNA 667. corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay- window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 763— A nice clean furnished room, $4
a month.
NINTH, 113— Nice sunny furnished rooms for 1
or 2 gents, fS and $6 per month.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric light?; day, week or month.
PINE. 914— Nicely furnished double and single
rooms; bath; gas; private family.
POWELL. 147—211 O'Farrell— Furnished rooms;
suite or single; also transient; rent cheap.
POWELL, 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms; reasonable^
POWELU 617— Elegantly furnished suite of
rooms; gentleman preferred.
SEVENTH. 40 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms
, for gentlemen from $6 to $12; modern house.
SEVENTH. 17S— Large front rooms furnished
fr. r housekeeping; large yard;,also single.
SEVENTH, 192. near Howard (Qlrard Hons«>—
Bunny rooms: reasonable: also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 151 — Sunny single furnished front
room; $3 50 per month.
TO let Part of a house: sunny corner; S and
5 rooms; rent reasonable. Apply 542 Hnlght.
TRFMONT House. 1773 Market St., opp. Gough—
House newly furnished: single room? or suits;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
TURK lJ*— Large nicely furnished sunny room
suitable for 2: sunny einsle front room. $6.
VAN NESS aye.. Oi— Sußtty corner, furnished
or partly; doctor's family.
JIOOMS AND BOAill).
.BBOTSFORD. The—
Broadway and Polk Ets. : outet, homelike;
terms moderate; beard opt'nal: all cars direct.
AHLBORN House. 319-321-323 Grant aye.—
Rooms 50c up; board and room. $1 per day and
upward ; free bus to and from hotel.
EDDY, 625 (Irvlngdale)— Sunny front bay-win-
dow suits, best board, $40 up; single, $20 up.
HYDE 40S — Sunny rooms; with or without
1> ard; Spanish family; American cooking:
references.
LARGE fmnt alcove room, with board, $5 per
week. l?7r> McAllister st.
MARRIED couple or two gentlemen can have
room and board in refined home: « Mission
warm belt; reasonable. Box 1451. Call office.
MISSION, S<<" — Nicely furnished suites and
single rooms: with beard.
O'FARREL 742— Comfortable room for couple;
running water: no children; home cooking.
SOUTH PARK. 169 — Nicely furnished rooms,
with board, $4 to $5 per week.
STOCKTON. 317— Newly furnished sunny rooms
With or Without board; very central; cheap.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished sunny
Market st. suite*, with board for 2, $40 per
m r.th: -=Ingl» rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS aye.. tl? 1 — Sunny furnished suites
and sincle rooms: flr*t-class table board.
VAN NESS. 1008— Excellent table board; sunny
furni«hed rooms. •
CHILDREN HOARDED.
WIDOW wishes children to b^ard; furnished
room f>>r parent. H Clara st.
' ELEVENTH. 105— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
OFFICES TO LliT.
TMMA PPRECKF.LS building. 927 Market St.;
light heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON ."i GARDINER, room 210.
S.ORES TO LET.
NICE sunny stor. ng rooms, at 333
Noe st.
NORTHEAST cor. Pacific and Sansome st».—
Handsome corner store. J3O per month^
TO Let— Store. 22fi Ellis st.. $!5. Apply next
door at jeweler's.
2 FINE new stores; kwml location; rent very
low. Apply at 2001 Central aye.. near 1 Sacra-
rapnto s*.
KiiI 'CATION ~
HDALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches:
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; teachers;. 1100 grad-
uates placed since,, 1592; catalogue. ;•,.
ATRES' Busings College. 728 Market St.; indi-
vidual Instruction in shorthand, typing, book- ]
keeping. telegraphy. penmanship. ' English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, %m: low rates
per week and month. ■ "^
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph. B.. Fel-
low in Mathematics. V. C, T407 S. Atherton.
nr.Channlngway. Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School— Civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.:
est. 18G1. VAX PER XAILI 533 Market.
MARHESI'S vocal studio, 811 Leavenworth St.,
near Suiter; ?1 an hour; also piano.
MME. ANNIS MONTAGUE TURNER, vocal
instructions: correct, natural method. I'SOBush.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrs experience. Press Club bldg.. 123 Ellis.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE, 3941 24th st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught ;, short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
Classen: tt). tuition. 'Mrs. Rhrmnn. 1234 Bn«h. \
"~~~ ATTOn.\t:VS AT LAW.
CITY Law and Collection Office; advice free.
777 Market :t.. room 7. §
C. E. PETERS, attorney, and couhselor-at-law, \
40 Montgonrery at., room 16.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckcls bids., 527 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.
'PHYsTciANS. ■■ V :
DR. C. C. O'DOXNELL, office and residence,
1206 Market: dleases of -vomen . specialty.
: proposals.
PROPOSALS for Fresh Beof and Mutton—
Office Chief Commissary. San Francisco. Cal.,
Oct. 11. 108. Sealed proposals for furnishing
and delivering Fresh beef and mutton will be
received here and at offices of Commissaries
at - Alcatraz Island. Angel Island. Benlcia
Barracks, Fort Mason, Presidio of San Fran-
cisco and San Diego Barracks, Cal., until 11
o'clock, a. m., November 11. 189S, and then
opened. Information . furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals should
be Indorsed * 'Proposals for Fresh Beef and
Mutton." and be addressed to undersigned or
to Commissary at poet to be supplied. S. F.
( THORN, Major, Chief Commissary-
PROPOSALS Invited— Sealed proposals will be
received for channel corrections on the San
Joaquin River nnd Stockton Channel, finn
Joaquin County, California. The San Joaquin
River work embraces channel corrections at
proposed cut-offs Xos. 3 and 4, as' shown on
eheet 3 of purveys on file In this office,
and to b» made in accordanr-e with plans and
specifications now on file in this office.
Bids will be received at the office until 1
o'clock p. m., WEDNESDAY, November 2,
ISW. at which time they will be publicly
opened.
Each hid must be accompanied by a certified
chr-ek on some bank of good Standing, payable
to the order of H. J. Corcoran, chairman of
the Auditing Board to the Commissioner of
Public Works of California. In the sum of
two thousand <$200Oi dollars, which check
Fhall ba forfeited to t'ne State If the bid which
such check accompanies is accepted and the
party making tb^ bid shrill refuse to enter
Into :i contract and < /.ecute a <at!<;factory
bond for the frilthfu! performance of the con-
tract awarded him. The right tj reject any
and all bids Is rMecved.
All bids must b\ »!Irected-to "Auditing
Board, room No. 61, Capitol building, Sacra-
mento. California." Indorsed "Proposals for
Channel Corrections Wan River and
Stockton Channel."
Br order ol the Auditlne Board.
JOHN MARKLET, Secretary.
Sacramento, October •", :vv
LEGAL. NOTICES.
IN the Superior Court of the i City and County
of San ■ Francisco. State of - California, ■ De-
partment No. 7— No. 05,668.— F. B. HKSTHAL.
rialntlff, vs. EMILY OROGAN, Defendant.
Action brought in : the Superior Court of ; the
City and County of , San Francisco, State lof
California, and the Complaint ' filed .In ■ the
office of the Clerk of said City and County
of San: Francisco. E. F. PRESTON, Attor-
ney for Plaintiff. The People of the State of
California send greeting to EMILY GISOGAN,
.Defendant. ' : . . - . j.: . -
You .; are hereby •• directed to appear = and
; answer the Complaint in an action entitled as
above ; brought against you in the > Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, within ten - days
. after the service ' on ' you of , this Summons— if
served within this ; County; :. or within thirty
days if served elsewhere. - . .. '. ;;.•; ' . ,;..,:
-■>.: And you are hereby notified that unless you
appear and .' answer . as .' above . required * the
. said Plaintiff will ; ; take Judgment for - any
money, or damages demanded -lni. the ; Com-
plaint, as arising v.pon contract, or he will
■ apply to the /Court for any other relief de-
manded in the Complaint. .: ■•; ' -• - ■
• ' . Given ; under ■; my hand : and " the seal .• of ." the
Superior Court of the City and County of San
Franclrco, State of California, -.this 24th day
of September. A. D. 1838. -■ >
[Seal] CHARLES F. CTJRRT. Clerk.
L a By, JOSEPH RIORDAN. Deputy Clerk. r
ri'.ns'iXALS.
NFORMATION wanted as to whereabouts of
VINCKNT ROSELLI: last seen on Kearny
St., near Sacrammto, San Francisco. CAT-
TBRIXA ROSKLV-L. North Temescal.
TO whom it may concern — I will not be respon-
sible for any debts contracted by my wife.
October 9, 1898. ALEX M.VICKER.
LEDERER'S Qulnonla, an extract of quinine,
is ft perfect hair tonic: 35c a bottle; try It. O.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton et.
LEDERKR Is Wie up-to-date hairdresser: 25c;
hair restored to its natural color, $1 50 up;
eood switches, $1; finest, SS 50; extra, $3; open
Sunday 9 to 12. O. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
SEND 10c (currency) for 3 months' trial sub-
scription to Men and Matters. New Orleans,
La.; regular price, $1 per year.
MANUFACTURER'S stock, 850 beautiful col-
ored pictures, 10x14 Inches, mounted on glass
with brass chain around for hanging; 89 sub-
jects for 15c each; sold everywhere for 3oc.
JONES, 547 Misrton St.. bet. Ist and 2d.
STRICTURE and prostate gland troubles (pain
In bladder) cured while you sleep; new pro-
cess; no pain. Box 863 Call office.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third st., near Market; 200 rooms.
25c to »l 60 per night; $1 50 to %9 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
THE Magic Hand Loom mends all fabrics; per-
fect weaver; 28c. Greater West Advertising
and Novelty Co., 1155tt Washington, Oakland.
SUITS to order on installments at cash f'ces,
$1 week. N. T. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1418 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUrfS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st.. hft. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN^^RANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers.
MME. GO* 3STEIN— EI ant stylish dresses. SS
up; dresses made nver. 8 FMdy pt.. rm.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CX.ARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will Rhow you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the eoparated. recovers lost,
str.ren or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life while In a per-
fect trance: perfect satisfaction guaranteed
by mail. Send stamp for circular with spe-
cial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms 25
and 26, 120* Market st., opp.^Slxth.
MISS DWYER, the distinguished clairvoyant
medium, graduated under the highest profes-
sors of occultism; all wishing to know their
future consult h»r immpdip.tPly; poor people
half fee; by mail, »1; diagnoses all diseases.
426 Fostjst.
TOUR future told by cards for 25c. 221 Sixth
street.
MME. BXODIUS, clairvoyant. 136 Sixth St.,
room 4; fee 50c.
MME. STBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 2oc; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MMX. MOREAtT, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MRP. B. BAU-MANN. the well-known fortune
t°l'.er, has opened an office at Sl5 O'Farrell st.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trarsce test medium.
life reader.medlcal clairvoyant. diseases curort
with revealed Nmettes; cancer cured withov.t
pain; ilttlnn $1: diagnosis free. 232 Stockton.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, 10c. 605 McAllister Et. ; come, skeptics.
MME. RAVENA ren.is life n-iently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
C. V. MILLERS mat. --rial i zing trumpet seance,
8 p. m., 25c. 403 Leavenworth St.
M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dium. US Halsht st.
MRS ELLIS, medium. !33 Valencia et. ; read-
ings. II: clr. Tues . Frl . 2 p. m.: :ton. s 25-v
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
tame as if purchased for all cash: bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for 13, $4 and
15 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutt-r
Ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
: Broadway. Oakland. ' •
ABSOLUTELY the 'oldest and largest h' v«»
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE* 3
25 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; term» easy; prices lowest; every-
- thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. ' ... '-.*■-.
AN elegant Knabe piano; slightly used: cab-
inet KT«r.d; mahogany case; 3 pedals: a bar-
gain: a'.s<i I Vose & Sons, I Sterling, I .Steok
HENT CUKTAJE & SON; Chickering agents.
18 to 20 O'Farrell St.
FOR the ne^t 30 days pianos will be yold for
ca.«h at almost cost price b- the ZENO
MATVAIH MI'FIC CO.. 7C.( Market St.; they
v.rr- risklnc mom for freeh .took.
MAGNIFICENT Hardman piano, like now; a
bargain: a fine l?Hb<-rt upright, cheap; organ
$20. THE J. DEWING CO., second floor,
Flood building.
;ER &■ CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans,
BrigCTS an; other pianoa; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. SOS. 310: 312 Post st.
$;.<-, — Klegant Emerson piano; bargain. Sehmitz,
16 McAllister <=t.. next Hibernin Bank.
AN elegant Btetnway, upright for J2.*>o cash,
must sell. KFEFFES. 1021 'an Ness aye.
IT cost* you iic ti see pianos we rent for $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CT'RTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes.
NKARXY new upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNTTNO. 216 McAlHttf.
SPECIAL sale of piano*: wholesale prices to
all. \\. C. HAMILTON. 324 Po&t st.
"AD" smallest: price* lowest: uprights, $70 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE, 136 Kills et.
KNA.BE pianos: new seal*-: new : yles. KOH-
LER it; CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. •■■-- .
ST'PFntOR violins, zithers, old' and new. H.
MI'I.t4KR. maker, repairer. 2 I>nthnin place.
_— — — — —
DENTISTS."
DON'T wear a rubber plate when you can get
: a metal plate for the gam* price; our com-
bination 'i metal plate, thin as papwr and so
- light it floats. ' Full set of teeth, $5; crowns.-
$3 SO up; gold fillings, $1 up: silver. Me up;
bridge. work a specialty, written guarantee
for' lo years given :en all work; we employ
none but experienced dentists to do ; your
work: no charge for extraction when plates
are ordered; examination and consultation
free. MODERN DENTAL PARLORS, i Ma-
ton et., corner Market : phone South 7SI.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years,
tetth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st.; telephone Jessie 1132.
SET of teeth. $5; fillings, gold $1 up; silver 25c
up- bridges; plates repaired; all work pain-
less and warranted 10 years. New York
Dentlrts, 963 Mission St., corner Sixth^
DR. GEOROE W. LEEK, geuuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
entee of Improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
VAN VnoOM Electro D^nta! Parlors; full set
of teeth, $3 up; fillings. 25c up: all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market St.. corner Sixth.
DR LUPLI'M HILL. 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gaa given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C
YOUNO. IS4I Polk St.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market yt.
MONEY TO LOAN.
MONEY to lean at rates which people can af-
ford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do not
borrow of your friends or you will lose their
friendshlpfdo business with strangers and be
better satisfied; no delay, no publicity. East-
ern Loan Co.. rooms 9 and 10. 90G Market «t.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In 8. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal' no commission ; no delay ». J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store MS Market st. ; telephone Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval- money quick- confidi-r.tlal; no commis-
•ion- lowest interest. Room 68, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rat*«; no costmiMrtoa; $!5 up;
private party. BONNELXJ. I.V Port st.
ANY amount at 64 per cent on real esute,: !d
and U mortgage*, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, M Montgomery, rm. J.
BORROW money at cut rates on diamonds and
Jewelry. ,L. H. ; SCHARER, 22 Mason st.
ON furniture, ' pianos, without removal; no com-
. - mission: : private. LICK. 116 McAllister; st.
SFCOND mortßaces and undivided Interests In
V estates a specialty. MURPHY. : «*6 Market st.
$:0 TO $50 000; lowest, rate*; Ist and Id . mortg. ; .
?-. any, proportion. ; Dry den. 413 Montgomery, at..
CHEAPEST and .beet In = America— "Weekly
■ Call.'' Sent to any address in { the ". United
' States. - postpaid, for n5O a year. - :
.■.;■.;•:- ;;; FINANCIAL. ;
FOREIGN and ; home capital -to ' invest. -> KTli- ,
VAIN SALOMON, broker, 32S Montgomery at.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
SOME NEW INVESTMENT
AND BUILDING LOTS
SOUTH OF GOLDEN GATE.
It takes only $5 a month to secure one of the
choice lots In either of the two new blocks
Just subdivided and offered for vale.
PRICE $275 UPWARD.
TERMS m CASH, *5 MONTHLY.
Lots on Eighth, Ninth. Tenth and Eleventh
ayes., iouth of and not a great way from Gol-
den Gate Park— with all Its attractions— new
music stand. Stow Lake, children's play
grounds etc. Also near the new Affiliated
Colleges. A splendid view of Golden Gate Park
and magnificent marine view. No more at-
tractive or pleasing view can be had any-
where. .
Lots selling very fast; ten gone already; be
quick; go to-day; see them; even If you don t
buy you will enjoy the ride and the view.
Take"Halght or EHIs-street oars, transfer to
the new electric road (faking place of old
steam dummy) and get off at Nintn aye. and
H st. We have a branch office there, open
daily (Sundays included). Blue cars en Mis-
sion st. go direct from the ferry.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
AN elegant new colonial housa. just com-
pleted, Sll Shrader St., IVi blocks south of
Halght; contains 8 rooms and bath, and all
modern conveniences; sun in every room;
call and see it; house open for Inspection;
terms easy.
TURK, 201S— Western Addition; $1250; comfort-
able 4-room cottage; high basement; nice gar-
den; chicken house; lot 24:6^x137:6.
$SSOO— FINE investment; 3 dwellings; all occu-
pied; lot 77:6x130; corner Bartlett and Twenty-
sixth ets. ; must be sold; owner going East.
Apply to J. F. PLUMBS. 1402 Valencia at.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale or lease— Co«y llttte nook at Mlllbrae.
WILLIAM BI'TTERFIELD. 2 Crocker bldg.
WRITE M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Tehama
Co., Cal. Illustrated land bock free^
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
CLOSING the estat» of Margaret P. McCourt-
ney, deceased; property will double In value
when "new ferry" is completed; make an offer
for 4.9T7 acres ready for subdividing into build.
Ing lots; city sewers already constructed to
property line; sewers on property can be con-
structed by private contract befor« opening
and dedicating streets. Particulars on appli-
cation to Richard J. Montgomery, executor,
office "North Oakland Real Estate Head-
quarters," 470 Thirteenth at., bet. Broaciway
and Washington, Oakland.
PRIVATE pale of probate property; 348 acres,
more or less, rich river bottom "tule land,"
with "wharf franchise" on San Joaquln
River, a portion of the estate of Margaret V.
McCourtney, deceased, le offered at private
sa'.e to highest bl<M«r, for the pui-posa of pay-
ing outstanding claims and closing the es-
tate; sale subject to approval of Probate
Court Full particular* on addressing the
executor, RICHARD J. MONTGOMERY,
office "North Oakland Real Estate Head-
quarter?." 470 Thirteenth St., bet. Broadway
and WashinKt&n, Oakland.
$750— A BARGAIN, 4-room cottage. 6-foot base-
ment: lot 33x100; only 2V4 blocks east of San
Pablo aye. cable railroad (shortly to be
equipped as an electric railroad): will double
In value when "new ferry" Is completed;
gr-A photograph at office; terms to suit. Ad-
dress "North Oakland Real Estate Headquar-
ifr*. tn Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
CHOICE Telegraph aveue building lots; any
slr.e frontage desired; special Inducements
offered for construction of attractive homes.
Address "North Oakland Real Estate Head-
quarter?." 470 Thirteenth st., Oakland.
MUST be sold; owner jrolng East; no reason-
able offer refused: 2-story house. 9 rooms and
bath: lot 32x1?5: on Filbert St., near Tenth.
W P RYAN. 960 Seventh St., Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Cnll. Sent to any address In the United
Plates, postpaid, for $1 SO a year.
• OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats from $12 to $17; no dark
rooms; stove and porcelain bath: water and
ash man free; Adeline station. Oakland; key
at 940 Union st. KOENIG & KROLL, 1006 ,
Brnniiway. . _ j
OAKLAND UOISEKKKPIJiO ROOMS.
WINDSOR Hotel— without board; ac-
commodations for cooking. 9th & Washington.
UNFURNISHED housekeeping apartments.
with rarpets; reasonable. 1229 Broadway.
HOTEL TO RENT UNFURNISHED.
! NEAR "City Hall on prominent corner, hotel of
SS rooms; short walk to trains, theaters,
churches, etc.; rent reasonable to responsible
party. HERON & HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOH SALE.
FURNITURE— and cheap. H. SCHEU*-
HAAS' old »tor». 4CS Kl«v»nth «t S»i» him
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
• $1200, $1700. $1500. $2200. $2600. $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which have
: been thrown on the market for non-payment
: of Installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and stations. • ;
We are going to weed them out, and Invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market St..
Ban Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays. . :
NEW modern 8- room house on easy terms;
must be sold. Box 1455, Call office.
IJIiT-.KELEY. REAL ESTATE. ~
TIIECREAM'OF BERKELEY. . V'
We are about to build 3 ,3-room modern co-
lonial homes, 1 block south of university, on
large lota: terms to suit; also elegant house
Just completed in same locality; plate^glass
windows, porcelain bath, etc. ;
8-room house at Golden Gate; large
lot; 1 block of Station; easy terms.
M L. WURTS, 17th and Broadway, Oakland.
$3500— house of 7 rooms and bath: ' all
modern improvements: larg* lot; street work
ell done and near the university. JO9. ;J.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
GIBRALTAR— Arsjvcd Oct 10— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm 11, from. New York. ;
': BREMEN— Oct 10— Stmr Bremen, fm
New York. " •■" - ._- „ .' . '
ANTWERP— Arrived Oct . 10— Stmr Noord- !
land, from New York.
uaiuuage: licenses.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
H. A. Kendall and Alms. B. Barber 23-25
Edward Lahl and Lucy V. Collins 24-18
Julius H. Jacoby and Ida Strauss.. ...... 52-34
Henry E. Powell and Beatrice E. Jennings. 23-18
Herman Schafer and Adeline Mishand 30-25
Jose Rosa and Mary Azoveda ...........30-22
Henry C. Breeden and Eva L. M00dy..;.".. 31-21
Charles A. Williams and Genevieve G00d.. 35-22
George C. Gehrlg and Frieda Strom berg. ..45-37
A.dam Krj"»lak and Bronislawa Prasecka.. 32-25
George W. P.'Medlock and Martha Heyde.24-17
John V. Mullaney and Nellie Clark. 25-24
BIRTHS— marriages—
Birth, marriage and d»ath notices " sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication cf flees and b*
Indorsed with the name: and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
MARRIED.
GUEENWALD— OXTON— In this city, October
8." ISSB, by the " Rev. Dr. Stebblns, William
Oreenwal.i and Estelle D. Oxton.
GROAT— FISHER— In New York City. August
24, IS9S. by the Rev. F. H. Rey, William H.
Groat -and Mrs. S. Eilse Fi?her. ■
~ ~" DIED.
Barren, Mary E. Kellogg. : Charles H.
Blanchard. Leon Knoche. nenry
Cavanan, • Edward A. ■ Lynch. Michael
Colgan, Jane Metier, Jacobins
I ■ ane, Willard C. Nelson, Rosie T. ".
FeenejY Stephen ' O'Brien, Kate
Fisher, Lulu Ott. Walter C.
GujjelEberger. Annie Peterson, .Gustaf E.
' Gutman. Rachael . Sampson, Alexander
HarSoe, ■ Mary J. ;; Smith. John .
Heeney, John Stenersen, Bernhard
Rabat. : Patrick Tobin Jr.. R. C. -
Johnson, Emma . Toohy, Ellen M. .
Jouett, Caviller H. Wallace, Sarah !
Judd. Lizzie G. \ .; . .: ;
BARROK— In this city. October 10, IS9S. ; Mary
E , dearly beloved wife of William Barron,
mother of ' Rosabel and Zoe Barron. and sis-
ter of John J.. William. James and Thomas
Jordan- and- Mrs. Yesle,. a native of .New-
castle-on-Tyne. England, .aged 35 years and
9 months.. 
C?" Notice of funeral hereafter. :. ,*
BL.ANCHART)— Menlo Park. October 9, IS9S,
■ tifon, •■ beloved son of Philip and . Marguerite
' . BlancharU. , a . native - of , Bordeaux, \ France,
- ased " 35 . yeans. , * : :• ■■' •\ . -. -■
- .. . j£jrFriend<i a^id acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . this day
' : (Tuesday), at 1:80 o'clock, at the Menlo Park
•"Cemetery. • ~ . ' ' . ; r :
CANAVAN— this : city, . October : 9, ISSS. Ed-
' " ward A., beloved ton ■of Hark \ and ■ Frances
; Canavan, and brother of Mathew, Robert and
- ■ Patrick - Canavan • and r Mrs: >B. Griffin, : a na- ,
tive '■■ of . Boston;.- Mass..' aged ' 41 years. ": : " ■
/.';•■ (fir Friends and ' acquaintAac«o V 9 r«p«ct-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this d.->y
(Tul-sday). at S:SO o'clock, from hit-
residence, 252S Washington street, thence to
St. Dominic's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be cerebrated for the
repose of bis soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COLGAN— In this city. October 8, 18SS, Jajie
Colgan, a Dative of Ireland, aged 67 years.
DOANE— In UUs city, October 10. 18S8. Wll-
lord C. beloved husband of Alice A. Doane.
father of Blanche May Doane. and brother
of I. Y. and P. A. Doane. a native of East-
ham, Mass,, aged 59 years 1 month an.l U
days. (Boston. Mass.. papers please copy.)
C Notice of funeral hereafter.
FEEXEY— In this city, October 9, 1898, Stephen,
beloved son of Patrick and Cecelia Feeney.
and brother of Johnny, Joe. Cecelia, Jimmy
and the late Mary Feeney, a native of San
Francisco, aged 17 years and 17 days.
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 4SS Minna street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FISHER— In this city, October 9, 1898, Lulu,
beloved wife of Ed F. Fisher, a native of
Kansas, aged 2S years.
GT'GELSBERGER— In this city, October 9,
IBM. Annie, dearly beloved daughter of Eliza-
beth and the late Andrew Uu^elsberger, and
sister of Jacob, William, Charles and Minnie
Gugelsberge-r and Mrs. H. Winkler, a natlv*
of San Franc!»co. aped 24 years 6 months and
2 days.
(D^FYlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1517 Dupont street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church for services. Interment I. O. 0. ..
F. Cemetery.
GUTMAN— In this city. October 10, 1?? S. Rach-
ael, beloved wife of Samuel Gutman. daugh-
ter of Lahna and the late Woolf Isaacson.
and sister of George J., Max and Hattie
Isaacson, a native o£ San Francisco, aged
37 years and 8 months.
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from her late
residence. 12S Locust avenue. Interment
Salem Cemetery.
HARLO'E— In this city, October 10, IS9S, Mary
J., beloved wife of the late Captain Archie
Harlo*, mother Of Thomas Sloane Harlo?.
and sister of Mrs. J.S. Valle and Mrs. M.D.
Kirk, a native of Pou#hkeepsle, N. Y. (New.V
York City and Poughkeepsie, N. V., paper? : :
please copy.) \ '
CTFriends are ' respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
2 o'clock, from her late residence, 232" How-
ard street, between Twenty-first and Twenty- - .
second. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
HKENET— In this city. October 9, 1893, " John',.
Heeney, a native of Ireland, aged 55 years.
A member of Butte, Mont., Miners' Union. ,
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the i parlors
of MeAvoy & Co., 1233 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Brendan's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HOBAN— In this city, October 10. 1893. Pat?
rick. . beloved husband of the late Margaret
Hoban. brother of Mrs. Mary Ryan. Mrs. •/
Margaret Egan and the late John Hoban. ami .
uncle of Patrick. Joseph and John Hoban, a *
native of County Galway. Ireland, aned s}. \
years. A member of Triumph Lodge No. ISO.
A. O. V. W.
£? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow .
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his. late ;
residence^ 3903 . Eighteenth street, thence tv>
Mission Dolores Church, -where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross .
Cemetery.
JOHNSON— Oakland. October 10. 1898. Em- .
ma, beloved wife of Wesley Johnson, and •
mother of William and Joseph Johnson of El
Paso, Texas, and Corlnne A. Harland. a na- :
tive of Houston, Texas., aged 50 years. • .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 17144 Seventh street. Interment :
Mountain. View Cemetery. Oakland. . . -
JOUETT— In this city, October 9, 1838, Cavil-
ler Hamilton Jouett, a native of New York,
aged 39 years.
EyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Trinity
Church, corner Bush and Gough streets, to •
which friends of the family and of Major.
W. B. HooDer are kindly invited to attend.
Interment private.
JUDD— In San Diego, October 8. IS9S. Lizzie
O.; beloved wife of Norris A. Judd, a native
of Pawtucket, R. I. \
C?" Notice cf funeral hereafter.
KELLOGG — In this city. October 9. 1898.-
Charles H. Kellogg of Azusa, Los Angelea
County, beloved husband of DomltUa Kel- .
logg, father of Charles. Ida and Tomle Kel-
logg, and son of Mrs. Sarah Kellogs oX
- Syracuse, X. V.. a native of Syracuse, X. V..
aged 48 years and .7 dayß.
Cy Friends and acquaintances ■ are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(TuesdayTSat 1:30 o'clock, from B. B. Hall.
121 Eddy street, under the auspices of Crock-,
ett Lodge No. 139. F. and A. H. Interment
Masonic Cemetery. •
KNOCHE— In this city, October 8, 1855, Henry." .
beloved husband-.of the late Johanna Knoohe. ~
father of Mrs. • M. Behrmann, Mrs. Arthur
Kroder. Miss Liflie Knoche and John and the ,
late Ge'irjrfi Knoche, and brother of Died*
rich and Herrmann Knoche, a native of Han- " :
over, Germany, aged 63 years 4 months and
24 days. A member of San Francisco Lodge
No. 4. A. O. U. W.
£y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late rres- t
dence. 14 Perry street, off Third, thence to '
Red Men's Hall, 320 Post street, where fu-
neral Services will be held under the auspices
of Pan Francisco Lodge No. 4. A. O. U. W.. -•
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery. .
LYNCH— In this city, October 10. 1898. Michael,
beloved husband of Mary Lynch, father of
Mary Lynch, and brother of Patrick, Xorah
and Mary Lynch and Mrs. J. Costello, a na-
tive of Ballylonsford, County .Kerry. Ire-
land, aged 34 years.
MAIER— In this city. October 10, IS9B. Jacob*
Ine, dearly beloved wife of Thomas Maler.
mother of Mrs. William Schraft. Mrs. H.
Kestler-and- William, Eddie, Rudolph and
Gustave' Maler. and niece of Mrs. Joseph
Buhllnger, a native of Ktippurr Karlsruhe, .
Baden, Germany, agea 53 years 6 months and '
29 days. (Gllroy papers please copy.)
p7Friends and ■ acquaintances are respect- a
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow .
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late . .
residence, < 2315 Mission street, near Nine- -
teenth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. .'.
NELSON— this city. October 8, 1898, • Roe 1»
Florence, dearly beloved -daughter of Wil- ..".
liam and Annie Nelson, and sister of Tessle, - j
Lizzie, Mattie and 'William Nelson, a natlv*
of San Francisco, aged 11 months and 2- days. .' -
(CTFrlends and acquaintances arc respect? S
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her parents' •
residence, 1257 Montgomery street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. - ' ■ '
O'BRIEN— this city. October 9. 1898, Kate,
• beloved wife of Thomas O'Brien, and mother .
of Arthur, James, John. Mary and Nelll*
O'Brien, Mrs. A. Paulsen, Mrs. T. Sullivan, .
Mrs. G. W. Peyton and Mrs. J. Behr. a n i- .
tlve of County" Tipperary, Ireland, aged 63;
The funeral will take place to-morrow •
(Wednesday), from her late residence. 4212-
Nineteenth street, thence to Mission Dolores
Church, where a requiem high mass will be-
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
OTT— In this city. October 10, IS9S. of diph-
theria, Walter Clare, beloved son of Joseph
and Katie Ott, apd brother of Joseph. Katie
and Gertude Ott, a native of San Francisco.,
aged 1 year and 5 months.: ' . .■
PETERSON— In this city, October 8, 1898, Gas-
taf E. • Peterson, brother of P. O. and .7. A.
Peterson. Mrs. C. Lundgren and Mrs; Captain
Youngren. a native or Sweden, aged 33 years.
1 Friends are respectfully Invited to . a: •
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
2 o'clock, from the residence of her sister,
Mrs. Captain Youngren, 3241 Twenty-first
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
"SAMPSON— In the City • and County " Hospital.
October 10. IS3B. Alexander Standish Sampson,
a native of California, 'aged 67 years. —•.
i SMITH— this city,' October r9, IS9B, John
Smith, a native of County Wlcklow, Ireland,
aged 37 years. . .
lE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), from the chapel of : St. Mary's
Hospital, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
■ mencing at 7:15 o'clock. Interment Holy
. Cross " Cemetery- Remains at the parlors of
"McAvoy A C 0. ,.' 1235 Market street, • between
Eighth "and Ninth.
STENERSEN— In this city, October 8. 1398.
Bernhard, beloved husband of Hulda Sten*r-
m-n. ". and father of Irene, Eddy, , Ruby and
Hazel Stenersen, a native of Norway, aged
33 years 6 months and 24 days.
Friends and acquaintances , are respect-
fully invited to attend the -_ funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock; from the undertaking
parlors of Valonte. Marlni & To., 1524 Stock-*
ton street. Interment Laurel: Hill Cemetery."
TOBIN— In \ this city. October 9. IS9S. "at 7R4
O'Farrell street, R. C. Jr., ' beloved son of
Richard C. and Mary B. ToWn. and brother of
Alfred and Ethel Tobin and : Julia G. Gate-
ly as*d 22 years 3 months and 10 days. .
"jprFur.eral from the house this", day
(Tuesday), at' 9:30- o'clock, thence to St. . lg-
natius Church, where a requiem mass will
be said for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at '■ 10 o'clock. • Interment ; Mount Calvary.
Cemetery- Omit flowers. ".
TOOHY— In this city, October 9. IS9S, Ellen M
beloved wife of James Toohy, and mother of
Owen, Ella, Mary. ' James, Kate. Alice an 1
Joseph Toohy, a native of Scarriff, County
Clare. Ireland. (Pittsburg, Pa., papers please
copy.) • •■•- W'~ " ■ ' *■•-■••
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow '
I (Wednesday).. at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
d ence, 122' Union street, thence to St. B rigid "s
I Church, where a requiem high mass will ;be
I celebrated - for the repose of her soul, : com-.
I 1 mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
I Cross Cemetery by carriage.- ,i -
i WALLACE— In this city. October 9, ISOB, Sarah,
dearly beloved wife of Alex' Wallace, and
mother of Bennie Snallham. Willie and Tom,-
• a native of Snallham, Old South Wales, aged
1- CO years. ■ * .
J.; McAVOY & GALLACHER. -B5
; IMcAVbY GALLAGHER. I ;
FUNERAL DIHKCTOHS & EMiJALJUIKS
: "20 TITTH ST., opy. Llnooln Soiio»l. .| '
:J--:-. .'. ■■'. Teiephone._3ontj»_ga________ l •
1112
LUMBERMEN
ENTER INTO
A COMBINE
Price Advanced $1 50
Per Thousand.
CONTROL THE PINE MARKET
NEW ASSOCIATION CALLED THE
LUMBER MANUFACTURERS
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
Another Raise Looked For in the
Near Future — Redwood Dealers
May Join the Compact
Also.
There has been a sharp advance In the
price of lumber since last Saturday, and
the Indications are that the figures for
pine will go still higher In the near fu
ture.
Lumbermen have been complaining for
some time that there was no money in
the business owing to the sharp competi
tion in this and other coast markets.
Mills have been running at an actual
loss for some time, it is claimed, and
must continue to do so until the stocks
now on hand are exhausted unless some
steps could be taken to check the down
ward tendency of prices. It is estimated
that at the present time there is lumber
enough in stock to meet the demand for
nearly if not quite a year.
Dealers have been canvassing the situ
ation for some time, and last Saturday
afternoon definite action was taken when
a number of dealers met in the offices of
the Pacific Pine Lumber Company. 237
California street, at which an association
was formed and the name of the Lumber
Manufacturers cf the Pacific Coast was
adopted. J. H. Baxter presided over the
meeting and Frank Wan waa chosen
secretary of the new association.
The following linns were represented
and became members of the combine:
Btiznson Mill Company, Bellir.gham Bay
Land and Improvement Company, Ta
coma Mill Company, D. H. Bibb Lumber
Company, St. Paul and Tacoma Lumber
Company. Pope <£ Taibot. W. J. Adams,
S. E. S'.ade Lumber Company, Grays
Harbor Commercial Company. "Wilson
Brothers Jc Co.. Gardiner Mill Company,
Simpson Lumber Company.
The situation was discussed at length
and it was rir.ally decided to advance the
price of lumber from $? GO and $10 per M
to ill. cargo delivery, and a new price list
in accordar.ee with this raise was ordered
printed. The new schedule, It waa
claimed, would protect dealers from act
ual loss, though there was little or no
profit in 'umber even at that rate, so it Is
quite probable that before a great while
the association will order another ad
vance.
The dealers interested In the new asso
ciation.. It will be seen, are those who
control the pine market, but It Is expect
ed that the California redwood dealers
wiil enter the compact before long and
put \ip the price of that product corre
spondingly.
SUES TOR HIS 'UOHTS.
i C. Rulofson Seeks Title to
Winslow G. Hall's Estate.
Alfred C. Rulofson filed suit yesterday
having- as nn object the acquiring of title
to the entire estate of Wlnslow G. Hail,
who died on February 6 last. George E.
Billings, as executor of the will of the
deceased and ail heirs of the estate axe
csi-eJ as defendants. The complaint seus
forth a peculiar story.
The plaintiff alleges that In ISTI. seven
years prior to the death of his father,
William R. Rulofson. a contract was en
tered into between his father and Hall
by which the plaintiff became the legally
adopted son of the latter. It was agreed
between the contractors that the plaintiff
was to be considered in ail respects en
titled to the rights usually accorded a
son, ard that he was to be the sole heir
to the estate of ais adopted father. The
plaintiff alleges that he kept his part of
the agreement faithfully ana always acted
os a dutiful son toward his adopted father
up to the time of his death. Hall died
and subsequently a will was f^ed dated
January . ■ ls?T, but Kulofson was not
mentioned as a devisee. The entire estate
at the deceased was bequeathed to friends
and other relatives of the deceased. The
plaintiff alleges that Hall was insane
■when he made the will, and asks for a
decree of the court declaring him entitled
to the entire estate, as was agreed In the
contract of isn.
W; .s Tiled for Probate.
Tfc* will of William McUiughHn. who
died en the 7th lest., -was filed for pro
bate yesterday. An estate valued at $£00
!s divided between RachaeJ McLaughlln.
s. sister, and James Shea. & friend of the
testator.
B J-.i
: - : at
■ .
I
AD\rfcBTISE3£ENTS.
ECZEMA FIVE YEARS
Intense and Everlasting Suffering
Almost Frantic with Itching
Four Doctors No Avail
COMPLETE CURE SY CITICURA REMEDIES
I tew b**= m is^-s»* K3nn of tiat aw-fcl.
dmc!«ii izi fi,':i«-,;c; i >ci>;. S-."<•=:».S -."<•=:». fc-r £t»
y»«r«. I tried pvarr .--* • *^rtc^ Us tsrdSdse*,
l*«:df# fc«r dorter*, eae s rpectallsi ta ...
tA!-&* with »> iicproT«n«at ai all. and from tint
ta tis* *rtsir_j tut jilsioet fraaoc wish dre*dfal
ltcfclsjr. At U»t I f*t« sj*eli c» to Cm . |bj
Re it r:r *. exp*cii=i li:e=i to r«*Klt is all pre-
vlpc* cc^«. To 13 j great »rsd **r«*ib> ssrprtse
I focsd a woiiirJ^i - ijj* in tkr*» iwii. aad
aftfr cs:=j three S. ::>* of Crncnu R«sot-
Tvvraadoacb • cf Crncnti S^irx, 1 foaad
I3J"*<tf cr^i^StUfy <-wr*»i. #
GKO. A. LOWS, «Ci Hsxktt Su. PiC. P».
Feh, 25, 1537.
ECZEMA SEVEN YEARS
Scalp and Back Covered with Dry Sore.
Thought Itching Would
Drive Him Mad.
COMPUTE CURE BY CUTICUM REIEDfES
I vh «ffk-b?d with Ev-i«eta far t*r* a tm.t,
csd ntv scalp w*» ia a t*l ran. I had ai vj
ba<k. three laches ci which nt eet»*e<t with a
drjr«cftb with a !=c4»t3ne asd<raeatk. The tvA-
ts^ w»5 »o biJ I thet^hi it wsca irtrs cc =*i.
I tried *ii rcnr^iM I was toid ci. bet <«:ti act
frt eared. 1 w»* adti^d to try Cvncrsji Hex.
rrit*. I wo! 2«c batt>* ci Ccncrm* Re*oi<.
TXTTjire of Crncru Sou*, xxi £»» box«a
«. aad /•»«« i-jwjillrtrfy fiifrf.
1 k«<« ooa had » j>4:=j?Je ca s head or NxJy fSace.
C. LONG, £iS WlSv-«> Are, i;.-::;c,C«.
CST«cT»a p.«» i hi taZj pr.fcm =«rt *?«•* i -—• •*
■■■■• *M4rsrtax, i*3sil*£zx «to. ■ '■■'•• »=«1 *J»e4
- »t» t - - ■"*•> vxi ■ ,i ; t -s^l ?■* v^r MMSj
MM ti lWHO»llM ■■">?■»■? S **—
<r»»?T Cr«.T»t»r«t.rr re* trstr Bi»m —
wsa Crreru f «itms:.*?i™ «< f»*S*«t*tt* «J»S
»s4 Ki-1 &w< rf Cs-ror*» Kmcitxxx. jr«*«»t er
Sj:j si.n&rta«t at »-KCi- rwmBJTtiTOCwL
Oar.iiuTiMji ■■ nil -awwaiOßwKniwi a»%
"GIVE CHIEF
LEES A BIG
RED RATTLE"
Disgraceful Wrangle
in the Botkin Case.
GOVERNOR'S WARRANT ISSUED
FIGHT OVER THE WORDING OF
THE STATE DOCUMENT.
The Extradition Matter Will Be
Transferred on Habeas Corpus
Into the Federal Court
To-Day.
There was a, parrot-and-monkey time in
the office of the Attorney General yester
day afternoon In which Chief of Police
Lees and George A. Knight, the attorney
for Mrs. Cordelia Botkin. furnished the
entertainment. The gray-haired Chief
and the silver-tongued orator from the
redwoods grew red of face an called
each other names that indicated that they
were not on the best of terms. in conse
quence of their difference of opinion on
points In the case mentioned.
A little after 2 o'clock Governor Budd.
Attorney Knight and F. Gowan for
the alleged poisoner of the women in Del
aware. Chief Lo^s, Detective McVey. from
the Eastern State. Assistant District At
torney Hosmer, besides other attorneys
and detectives, assembled in the rooms of
Attorney Genera! Fitzgerald. The Gov
ernor's purpose was to issue the warrant
for Mrs. Botkin's extradition In order
that her lawyers might sue out a writ of
habeas corpus and have the legal points
of the matter .tied by court.
The question to be determined was
whether or not Mrs. Botkin is a fugitive
from the Justice of the State of Dela
ware. The Governor had prepared two
warrants, to one of which he had at
tached the affidavit made In Delaware.
and upon which the Governor of that
State r.ad made his requisition. To the
other he proposed to attach all of the
papers submitted to him. It was the lat
ter "that was rir.ally issued. Before this
was reached there was a discussion aji-i
more talking was done than by a room
full of phonographs. Chief Lees was
smarting: under the insinuation that he
was watchir.tr for an opportunity to spirit
the won out of the State before her
attorneys couki prevent by legal methods
and he felt none too kindly toward
Knight, who was accredited with being
the author of the statement.
Lees lost no time in making the state- !
rr.ent that he wanted the case brought
before the courts on Us merits, and that :
he had no intention whatever of adopt- !
!r.g any underhanded methods to get the 1
woman out. of the jurisdiction of the State I
or courts. Kr.lght said that was exactly '■
what he wanted, and he disclaimed be- '■
ing the author of the remark that had
excited the Chiefs ire. This did not sat- )
Isfy the Chief, and many times he re- .
ferred to The matter that Irritated him.
and even accused the Governor of enter
tainlng some such idea. The discussion j
centered on the point as to whether or \
cot the Governor should recite in his «
ZEILE SUCCEEDS AUSTIN
Was .Made Park. Commissioner
Yesterday.
rp HE appointment of Albert "VT. Zeile to the vacancy created In the Park
I Commission by the expiration of the terra of Joseph Acs tin the Park
Commis&lOß by ■ rm oi Joseph Austin was an
_L nounced yesterday by Governor Budd.
Mr. Zeiie's appointment is as extremely popular one. His active inter
est in all ■alters pertaining to art. his, thorough training in business
arc! his education In the law have peculi&rSy fitted Mm for the important
o2« in which Governor** commission will place him, while the forty
two years that he has lived in Sax. Francisco have instilled in him a love
and trier- in the "people's playground" that will be a most potent in
centive to ths highest u?e of his abilities la the administration of Its affairs.
Mr. Zeile Is a native son and a graduate of the University of California
of the class of T5. Upon leavi-p the university he took a course of a Tear
and a half at the University of Leipsic, Germany, and returning to this
country, was graduated from the Columbia Law School of New York City.
Thoagii possessed of ac excellent ability ia the law. Mr. Zeile has
never practiced. Upon returning: to this city he took the. management of
the We Xcrth Point dock bonded warehouses, owned by his father, th«
late D. 2<:le. He was later for four years secretary and treasurer of the
American Sugmr Refining Company and remained with that corporation un
til it was sold to the Havecaeyers. Since that time he baa been promi
nently associated with numerous large enterprise*, but haa given his
greater attention to the manasement cf his splendid ranch ta Brannan Isl
and, in the Sacramento River.
The new Park Commissioner is one cf the larsaat patrons of art In this
city. It was during his Poor years as president of the San Francisco Art
Association and '_•>:■- his initiative that Mr. Searies placed art en a firm
basis an* built himself a monument by mattir^ over to, the association
the Mark Hopkins residence oa California street.
The aypcintmect of Mr. Zetle was not actuated by any political consid
erations. His interest In the park has been always active asd material and
these who know him consider the Governor's action a reward of merit aad
a far step is the ri^nt direction.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1898.
DIDN'T OBEY
HIS CHILDREN
IX fie Biecle
papas sho vI d
bear in mind
that every well
regulated pa
rent is expected,
in these pro
gressive days,
to obey his or
her children. If
W. S. Chase had
famili a r i z c d
himself with tne
modernized ver
sion of the fifth
commandm c n t.
"Honor and obey your children." he
would be a happier man and the
second ■woman who has the right to
call him husband might now rest
easily and quietly 'neath the Chase
roof.
An impartial observer might find
much to condone in Chase's particu
lar case, and in extenuation might
urge that in youthful days his chil
dren may have spared the rod and
spoiled the parent. However, the
fact, stubborn like all the rest of its
kind, remains, and no argument can
dispel the glaring truth that Chase
took unto himself a second wife
without obtaining the consent of any
of his seven children.
A little over a year ago Chase
went and did It. After the fateful
step had been taken, he and wifey
repaired to the family residence to
piead for forgiveness and gratefully
receive the hoped-for blessing. But
there were r.o pardons and no bene
dictions. Papa's home was closed to
papa, and he was obliged to take
his wife to other quarters.
For ten months the erring parent
lived under the severe displeasure of
his offspring, and then he attempted
what seemed to him a diplomatic
move. He left wifey under a foreign
roof and returned to the home of
his family, hoping by tender and
we!! - directed
persuasion to
have them kill
the fatted calf.
No calf, how
ever, came his
wftj-, and so on
Sunday last he
boldly inarched
up the front
steps of his res
idence at ■ 837
Castro stre c t
and demanded
hospitality for
himself and his
warrant that Mrs. Botkin had never been
physically In the State of Delaware. Hos
mer objected, giving as his reason that
he did not want the case to go before
the court with the facts therein having
been found and set forth by the Gover
nor of this State. Then came up the
proposition of the "fugitive from Justice"
clause. The Governor believed that
under the constitution It was a "con
structive" flight, if anything. To this
Knight objected, and the whole ground
was gone over again, even to the " re
hashing of the statement that Lees did
not intend to run away with the woman.
But the warrant was signed, as stated.
wife. Papa's de
m a n d was
laughed to
scorn. Frances
Chase, the eld
est daughter, a
young woman
o f about 36
summers, par
leyed through
the keyhole and
informed her
disobedient .pa
rent that he
might enter but
step mamma
could not.
Yesterday Chase carried his trou
bles to Judge Joachimsen and had
an interview with Warrant Cleric
Drury. who advocated arbitration,
and with that end in view wrote to
Miss Frances, asking her to call
upon him.
Out at the Castro-street house
Miss Frances and a younger sister
were on guard all day. Little Miss
Chase sat upon the front doorstep
armefi with a tremendous cotton um
brella, and just within the open door
sat Miss Frances. At the approach
of a reporter, who might have ap
preciated the difficulties attached to
the rearing of an obstreperous pa
rent. Miss Frances dropped the
drawbridge and locked herself In.
The keyhole that played so con
spicuous a role with papa and step
mamma was called into play and
the young lady hissed In dulcet ac
cent that she had nothing to say.
George M. Chase, dentist in the
Spring Valley building, eldest son of
a recreant father, also had nothing
to say. Chase Is a pretty man and
sets ftff to advantage his blue and
white duck Jacket with white "frog"
trimmings. While the tale of his
family troubles was being hastily
sketched to him. he stroked with
a lily-white hand his round
ed pink cheeks.
and then ho
said: "I'm not
seeking for no
toriety. I won't
tell you any
thing. Go ahead
and dig for
your story."
Warrant Clerk
Drury Is ex
pecting brilli
ant results as
the result of his
peace negotia
tions.
' .J^" came raore wrangling regarding
to whom the papers should be delivered
The proposition had been that as soon
as the Governor signed the -warrant the '
attorneys for Mrs - Botkin should apply!
~w the A Rl £ ed Sta:es Circuit Court for a i
writ of habeas corpus. By the time the i
discuss on was over the Federal offices i
j*cre closed for the day. Judge Hawiev i
rV& XTK T walt f d ■ untn lon^ afte * * o'clock, i
Cfcie* Lees insisted that he should have j
c^ r w rant> ' bb 5l5 l Kni sht would no: con
sent/ He stated that with the papers m
te > , SSes / ion there was nJthir.g to
ni-A? f« .k° srOal5 rOal d « live rins the prisoner
over to the detective from Delaware and J
have her cut c: the State before habeas
corpus proceedings could be begun. Lees'
blood was up in a minute. Governor '■
Phi . l,« a !i to ye the PaP<« over to !
-stody of the Attorney General, to
whicn the Chief made objection.
T»=i ter f\ hour's wrangling Knight got J
ye the Chiei a big -* rattle. If ac
nius: have something coming from the
Governor's hand. This is the worst kind
~, C^ I< f 4 play imaginable. His anxiety to I
get nold of the warrar" elves r!«s<» to a
suspicion that he wanw toSkke some use \
f^.iV fc «*ore we have a chance to do any- '
;r;g^ <:jce a child. not the «— he is ?*M
r>fi*s second it looked as though the j
Ch.ef was about to have an epileptic fit '
so Tea ,^ s^ his face, but ht finally snorted '
out, "Geortre Knight, if you say that I
have any dishonorable intentions in this
matter you are telllne a falsehood It i«
rod who are acting like a child, but for :
a-,! that I will not be bulldozed by you in
the least. I tell you " Knight was «
laughing again, and li his softest tones j
be advanced and mockingly said: "I
•hould not have said what I did to the >
aged Chief. I should have had more con- !
sideration for his gray hairs. Governor,
you need not give the Chief a red rattie "
This speech made the Chief more angry,
if it was possible, and he said that he was
the equal, physically and mentaliv of
George a. Knight, to which the "latter •■
smilingly agreed and wanted to shake }
hands with the still angry official, but the !
latter was in no mental condition to shake 1
any but his >valst .- little later It was }
decided to place all of the papers in the j
hands of Attorney General ■» Fitxeerald. ?
who wlil hold them until 11 o'clock this
morning. By that hour the attorney's for
Mrs, Botkln will have dismissed the
habeas corpus case now pending in Su- j
perior Judge Cook's court. By that time j
also they will have perfected the papers
in the habeas corpus proceedings in trie
Federal Court, and as 'soon as this Is done
the Governor's warrant Will be delivered
to Chief Lees, and a United States Mar- '
fha! will i>erve upon the latter the papers !
In the habeas corpus proceedings in the i
Federal Court.
As may well be imagined, the Governor k
was highly disgusted with the nature and I
extent of the wracrling. and he dii not
hesitate to say so in" his usual blunt man
ner. _____^_____
FOUB ARBESTS TO-DAY.
Grand Jury Will Push School Board
Cases.
Arrangements were made yesterday af- •
ternoon by Assistant Prosecutor Dunne I
and -5. C Irving, chairman of the School j
Board commute* of the Grand Jury, to i
secure four police court warrants to-day |
for conspirators in the School Board lum- j
ber steal. The charge. In brief, win be j
that P. Swift, the contractor for the ten- ]
ber. made a deal with Director Burns of 1
Ac School Board and two subordinate
officials, ore of them an Inspector and the *
other a sub-inspector, who measured lum
ber, to make false returns to the School }
Board as to the quantity of lumber usfd.
I? will b* aliened that ail "four partici- I
pated in the Ul-gotten gains accruing from '
this conspiracy.
The prosecutor ana Mr." Irving will meet s
at I>:5J o'clock this tssrata? to conclude ;
the arrangements for the police court
warrants and the resulting prosecution.
■ ♦ ■ ■
MASOXIC HOME DEDICATION.
Spedal Trains and Reduced Bites f
Provided by the Southern
Pacific.
The Southern Pacific has arTang-ed to \
run three trains to Decoto to-morrow
forenoon to accommodate the large '
crowd which will attend the dedica
tion of the Masonic Widows' and Or
phans' Home at that place- Ticket*
from San Francisco to Decoto and re
turn will also be sold '. for 75 cents. ?
half tickets -JO cents; and he trains (
will leave the ferry depot, foot of Mar- •
ket street, at 9. 1* and 11 o'clock. \
Charity Tableaux.
Scese* from the army and navy, repre- i
seated la tableaux and illustrated soag*, I
ttOI I- pit rented by meaibers of the West f
Side Chcrch. Bash street, sear I>«visa- j
dero. on Friday evezlag- nan. Axscr^ the
tabJeaax presented wfll be the ■ foaowfar:
■ "The, Birth of the Fla^T; **-c Girl 1 Left
Behlsd Me"; "The Peacemaker": camp
MM TIT I 111 It To-Nlsrht.** male gpwr
tet;-*The Bed Cross Arrel": "Jest Before ?
the Battle. Mother,*' solo and ctiorus- 1
*^<>ur Heroes"; -CoHimbi*. the Gera of the I
Ocean"; The BTzyler"; "Belsarte Rock:
of Asec': "Amertcas Own."" The pict
ures will be Interspersed with -.-.•■
_- «_ s«!ss and -■-•/■:. rsisJc Miss
E2iCy Cciliwn. a sifted atcc«r, w2i t«
ROTTANZI IS
OPPOSED TO
PAY-CUTTING
Never Drew Salary as
Captain.
GETS ONLY LIEUTENANT'S PAY
ACTING COMPTROLLER OF THE
TREASURY IS TO BLAME.
He Makes an Arbitrary Decision
That Materially Affects Captain
Rottanzi's Pocket and
v General Finances.
Captain Rottanzl, the gallant and deb
< onair surgeon of the Sixth California
i Regiment, has declared war against the
, acting Comptroller of the United States
Treasury. The captain has sworn a deep
| and direful oath. Nothing short of blood
i can satisfy his proud spirit and compen
sate him for the emptiness of his pock
ets. The gold that should be his, yea,
i the hard-earned, bright, clinking and
; Jingling coin of the realm, for which he
i braved death and the fortunes of war.
; are but as the memory of some departed
'. dream. To be exact, and in this case
the captain Is exact to a degree, there is
] $166 65 that he will never have the pleas
; ure of spending, or for that matter even
eeelng. No wonder the captain is
wroth, and it's no joke to his pride to
have to recall the fact that he has "been
done" b>* such an insignificant person
1 as the acting Comptroller of the Treas
ury.
Just because he was ten days late In
paying his respects to the paymaster
Captain Rottar.zi will receive only the
pay of a first lieutenant, when. If he had
got a hustle upon himself and inter
viewed the paymaster sooner, he would
at least have drawn two months of a
captains pay. These are the simple facts
in the case, back of which lie the arbitra
ry ruling of the acting Comptroller that
robbed the noble captain and caused him
to swear by the ancestral honor of the
house of Rotta.-zi that if ever he meets
the acting Comptroller there will be a
warm time and a dead comptroller.
The facts in the case, which no one
seems to clearly understand, are about
as follows:
All surgeons in the regular army under
the rank of major are known as assist
ant surgeon?. When they enter the ser
vice hey have to serve five years before
they get to be a captain. Now, when
many of the National Guard regiments
were accepted by '.: ■ Government they
had a regimental system of rank that
was contrary to that prescribed by the
War Department, that is many of its sur
geons had rank that in the regular army
they would not have been entitled to.
However, the Secretary of AVar In ac
cepting the services of these assistant
surgeors allowed them to be commis
stoned as captains, and as such they were
paid nntil July M, when the acting Comp
troller in auditing the accounts of the
army suddenly thought of the army law
that an assistant surgeon must serve live
years before he can draw the pay of a :
captain, because he is not allowed to
hold that rank before that time.
The acting Comptroller is as arbitrary
as he i 3 powerful, and being amenable I
to no authority he immediately ruled
that the salary attaches to the office and
not to the rank of the incumbents of
these offices. Under this ruling all as
sistant surgeons with the rank of cap
tains will be paid as first lieutenants.
When the assistant surgeons of the
Seventh California Regiment were paid
last week they were tendered 1 J*s 65 in
stead of JIS3 6S. The amount held back
was the stoppage for the tare* months
that they have been overpaid since the
decision of the acting Comptroller. Cap
tain Rottar.zi is the worst sufferer of all.
Ke had the bad luck not to have any
dealings with the paymaster before July
23, and consequently his entire pay will
be only for the rank of a first lieuten
ant. Those surgeons ho were paid prior
to the decision of the acting Comptroller
have the benefit of the difference be
tween JISS 65 and 1123 23 for two months,
which is the difference between a cap
tain's and a Srst lieutenant's Mjr.
There is no redress from the decision
of the acting Comptroller except for him
to modify it himself. Even the Presi
dent is powerless, unless he remove the
Comptroller and appoint another. The
ruling of the treasury official is purely
arbitrary. Thus the matter rests at .
present and is likely to rest for ail time '
to come, as there Is Httle char.c« of the
assistant surgeons being able to s"ttccess
fully combat the red tape which their
efforts for justice would meet with in
Washington.
Nevertheless. Captain Rottanzi ■?■_-■
the acting Comptroller to know that he :
(Joes not like him and that he wIU neve*
consent to play in his back yard.
Took Rough on Bats.
Annie Neece. a servant of Mrs. Towna
at SflC Clay street, attempted suicide last
nSeht by taking rough or. rats. Miss
N«we was walking down Steiner street.
between Pine and Bush, in company with
two soldiers, whose, names are unknown,
when she took the deadly dose. As soon
as she told th-em of what she bad <ione
they hurried her to Broemmell's drug
store at the comer of Ste'ner and Cali
fornia, where, after an hour's •-..•
physicians succeeded in arresting tha tc
tion of the poison and she was returned
to her home. No cause was assigned
f»r her act.
To Master Out the Sixth-
The Sixth California ... Vol
unteers will to-day be paid oil for the
last month's soldiering and given a thirty
days' furlough. It is expected that by
the end of the thirty days mustering out
arrangement? will have been completed
and the regiment will then be dissolved.
About fifty of the men have preferred to
take their di^hartre now. though in do
in so they sacrifice a month's pay and
rations.
MRS. HELMBRECHT TOOK
THE FAMILY SILVERWARE
NOTHING further has been
heard of Mrs Theresa
Heixcbrecht. who so mrs
terioosly left her bom« a: 5-^3
Greenwich street, last Satur
day afternoon, altl»u»t a»r
aiskious hcsba=d Is eagerly
s- ir-r .-? for h«r ■'■ €Tery
po*»b:« place, and itt aid of _
tb« police has also bees »*
ctjr«S- The misplny won fs
la a delicate coadltioa ajid her
hasbaoJ fcad .:•--- "-• "■-' -?
her to St. lake's Hoapttal
cntll she recovered her health. __
WhC© he *ras cvt cosssltias
& physician Saturday she
slipped away and disappeared
as completely as though the
earth had svaiSowed her ap.
It is tbong&t that she mar
have started for FesnsylTaaia.
A short time a«o she received
a letter from a sister la St.
Paul. illsa-. teHteg her that
asother sist«r. liricg in Pesn-
Fylvaria. was -rery sick aad
«enH like :to see Mrs. Htim-
fcrecht before she died. Ma Kelmbrecht at c=« expressed a desire to go
a=d see her sister, bet her husband .Him the loamer. fearing it
ml*ht be fatal uonesabff precarious condition. A quantity of famCy
*»■ a=d Jewelry ha* disappeared with Mm Helnbrecht. and : l* to —
posed that ahe disposed of these to cbta*a 'sassey to *o afT * "'
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Goide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Eea! Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
la Corresjoadiag- With Any of the following Fir=» Ple»s» Mention "The OUL"
ART WARB AND ANTIQUE FURNITURJE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
f?rtlstlc Furniture and fJrt Ware Importers,
I! 7 GUTTER STREET.
AUCTIONEERS.
Lire Stock Til I IP £ fft v Montgomery St..
Aoetlcneerß.lllL.Hr WU- San Francisco.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
\T7I- schoening; e3S Broadway «tre«t. I*l1 * 1
BELTINO.
LIJ TtPHPV Manufacturer of Belting and
r. iILULiI, Lace Leather. 105- 107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 662.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor,
Special Attention Paid to Bep»irs and Bi:y Work.
Offic- and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
HE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Afcove Powell.
Periodical*. Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'DDTCV E. CAV'C— Makers and Dealers In
Dnltil S sLandaus.5 Landaus. Hacks. Victorias.
Cans and Burgles. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
it.. San Francisco.
CASCA FEBRLNE BITTERS,
The Worlds Greatest Tonic. Stomachic. Laxa-
tive, At all dealers. PIKP.RA PHARMA-
CEUTICAL CO.. HIT Mark't Bt.
".Wg" COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Tel*phoß» Mnln ]«»«■
COPPERSMITH.
Jr»*TN>. P^x. Fnpt. H. my»»». Mr
C. W. Smith. Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
end Ship Work a Specialty. 16 and IS
Washington St. Telephone. Main 5641.
' DENTIST.
DR. C W. RICHARDS, fc'SSJra^.
DRUOGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON&CO, U?£l*#?lSS?a
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
411-41J California street. -«nr.
Capital Repreaentedt ever rw.OOC.QOO
FLOUR.
V I TTfI V I T Floor MlUs. i. Uarlsn**»:n * Co.
i'AIiUIIAL gw. cor. Battery and Pacific ats.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES & CO.. SSTTLfSSTtfT
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co-.lrr. porters S Dealers
in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
FRAWLEY'S GENTLE
REBUKE EFFECTIVE
THE BALDWIN PATBONS KEPT
THEIK SEATS.
f Those at the Columbia, Alcazar and
Comedy "Were Also Very Polite
and Sat Out the Play.
The action of Manager Frawley of the
Frawely company at the Baldwin last
Saturday night In gently rebuking that
; portion of the audience which began to
leave their seats before the end of the
final act, to the annoyance of those who
I desired to hear the last lines, had a very
! beneficial effect. This is indicated oy
the fact that at the performance last
evening' not a person arose till the cur- '
tain fell. This reception of the faint thus
given was highly gratifying not only to
the management and company, bat to the
large majority of those who were present
to enjoy the entertainment.
The publication of the story describing
the incident in yesterday's Call, with j
comments of managers. ■ was *he means
of bringing about satisfactory results at
other playhouses.
At the Columbia, with few exceptions,
the audience kept their seats. Probabiy
the best illustration of the fact that the
public are willing to recognize the justice
of the new proposition was given at the
Alcazar, where notwithstanding the fact
that the play was not finished un.til
11:40. the entire audience remained seated
till the fall of the- curtain.
The big crowd at the Orpheurn was well
behaved, only a few following the old ob- i
jectionable habit.
At the Tlvoli the early-leaving contin
gent was not so considerate of the rights
of the majority, mar.y leaving during tne :
singing of the last number.
The patrons of the New Comedy !
Theater were, on the contrary, very polite.
The proposition to remain seated until
the fall of the last curtain was so favor
ably received on its first trial that It is
now believed by the managers that the
well-known fairness of San Francisco an- j
diences wiii within the course of a week j
result in the adoption generally of this
much desired rule.
■ m i
Prominent Turfmen Arrive.
The prominent bootasakcrs. Johs CoT»
rcan and John Qalnn. have returned from
a successful season in the East, and are
stopping- at the Baldwin. Charles F.
Price, for many years an official oi the
Louisville Jociej- Club.* Is aguin it the
Palace, having JtLst returned from a
pleasure tnp to Monterey. Mr. Price I
presided on the Jutlsre's stand during- the \
recent meeting- at Sacramento and will
be one of the chief ste-scards of the Cali
fornia Jockey Clcb during the coming i
season.
To Preserve a Forest.
A meeting of the board of directors of
the Sierra Club « is held SatarflAjr after
coos, -with Messrs. David Starr Jordan.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEICOLD HA-RNESS CO.. JU Larkin «t.. aY 9.
Vrtiolesala and Retail Manufacturers of all
k.nla of Harness and dealers In Busflaa,
Carts, etc. If you want banr&tos caJl or wrtta
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
HI! II Hunters* Equipment*. Flahlfi*
la 1 1 MX ' Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc Send
U JM tJ tor oitalcsrJe. GEO. W. SHBETE.
WWI m** 719 Market street.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton S Hedley. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Ererr De-
scrirtion Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD ANT> SILVER SMITHS. 135 Sutler «-.
San Francisco. Telephone Mcm 917.
.MANUFACTURERS.
COLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufactur* blankets. Ca«"im»r»«. Tweeds and
Flannels. 135 Market »t.. San Francisco. CaL
Goods for vale at all ltadln? <Jry goods storm.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARIVf: IXSTTRAXCE COMPAKIE3.
Cctctslsad Capital. 14.000,004.
BTZ & CO.. Ay-nta.
Ml California St.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
MIC DCK.^nAnll > Ia «r«-» Co.. Main ICT*.
IUL. DLBiIIIARU it. Telephone Main 1*7%.
PAPHW DEALERS.
Wll I AMCTTP PIXP AND PAPER CO..
JfILLMmLI !L 722 Montgomery Str—t
PIANOS.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE.
KOHLER & CHASE,
a and » O-F>rr»!! St.
PRINTINQ.
E C HUGHES.S!! c rtr^t.
SOAP
. M, LLWI Q VU., noa, n. TeL Main I«l.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tel c^? Mc PARTRIDGE?o°rni a lt:
THE HICKS- JUDD CO. S3ST/5&-
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HA6LETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Amenta and Public V7»lf*itrr%.
General Stcrace. • Free and Grain Warghoo>— .
General office. 219 California at. TeL Mala IMC
WALLPAPER.
WHOLE*" & retail: «end for sacplea, atat-
tng quality A color. DUFFT CO.. ft! He ward.
WATCHES. ETC.
TI TTVn V Headquarter* for fins Jewelry an!
• LIJUI, roll l»-k. Wrddin* Rices. 4 M at
WOOD AND IVORY TLRNINQ.
C. F. HAAS, rnfr ■wood articles, any <J»scrfp-
tlon. Platics. turning. 4i7 Mission, teL M. an.
Professor George Davidson, Professor C.
B. Bradley, Professor W. R. Dudley,
Warren Olney. Elliott McAllister and
Robert M. Price 'present. The question
of preserving a forest of redwoods
within a short distance of thi3 city was
brought up and discussed, and Professor
W. P.. Dudley was deputed to investigate
the matter and report at the earliest
proper date, The plan of having a rep
resentative of the club in the Yosemite
Valley to give Information to strangers
proved so satisfactory last year that the.
commission will De petitioned again to set
apart a lodge for the use of th» club.
ADVZBTISE3IESTS.
__
It gains 'your favor instan-
taneously by reason of its
high merits .* and holds it
with a firm grip.
\Xl.Blatz Brewing Cql
MILWAUKEE. U.S.AT
Louis Caßen & Son, "^boloale
Dtafers, 416-418 Sacruacato Street,
San Francisco.
it— 3
.
CONTINUED
EXHIBITION AND SALE
OP THE
COLLECTION of DEAKIN BROTHERS.
BALANCE OF STOCK
TO BE CLOSED OUT.
WORKS OF ART. PAINTINGS. ETC Ai*o
the Herrjii-zi-.g 9tmU— an! Pa:r.t^«» by
EDWIN DEAKIN.
MAPLE ROOM. PALACE HOTEL,
iIOXOAT. TTTESX>AT AMD Win>»rESDAT.
October li. 11 aad H.
DAY A.YD ~v"i:NLN'5.
© vim or. JORDAN'S ■— •
mga Museum of Anatomy
8 J « Tit imiii^inni"
1 JhL\ DR. — Priwlt DUiuah
t\ I Philos«ph]MDf^ffar^ge.
O M MAI IX P WtL
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
ity ~?~ FaaSrtofTtrti
Jrj^/S^CTB VAN IVROOM
**seti YvOsr 6 *** i>«««» »»*«*«
4p fT - ss l Ith and Market
Cr. G W. «J- JK-, p»o».
:—: — : — ■ :
f riiirs lidian Yeptaiile Pills
Are ackaowtadf* 6r rti ■— ,| & c^scss wk»
Sjt* aaed tfeaca tor oxer 'ornr mn to can
SICK HEADACHS. GIUDISE^sT COX*Tr?A-
TIGX. TorpiJ Liver. Was ■st, ,-■-. 5- — - _-
aad par.fr tie biood. - " '
Grossman's SpcilS
Wiii tkda res=edy f f»wj» ea« car» taam-
del or rn«m» 13 n pili aik>B fa. I ■ 1— Ti*
tirfJcla* eesTi'--^ r,r?>.i». c s>» t*^ :-^r laJ=r7
Pnca. C a kccU*.