VOLUME LXXXIV.- NO. 132.
BEAUTIFUL OPENING
OF THEIR CONCLAVE
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR
ATTEND OFFICIAL
DIVINE SERVICE
Graod Prelate Twing Delivers a
Sermon F^eviewiog Noble
Wor^ Accomplished.
Says in the Encaroproent Are Representatives
of tr;e Great and Glorious Order of
Christian Knighthood.
PrTTSBURG. Oct. 9.— Not in the
■ry of Knights Templar con
es, from 1816 to this day. has
ye ever been opened <'ii
i more beautiful day than it was
In Pittsburg to-day. The sun. after
having been hidden behind ru in-filled
Is for several days, burst upon the
awakening city this morning and threw
his rays of smiles and admiration upon
the festival array of streets and build
which made every one feel that
this was an omen of the weather god.
The influx of Knights, which com
menced yesterday, continued during the
day. and up to midnight, when the for
mal opening of the conclave was in
augrurated with the festival sermon at
the Trinity Episcopal Church. There
■was a congregation assembled larger
than this historic building has ever
held.
Th» first formal event of the pro
gramme of the twenty-seventh Trienni
al Conclave of Knights Templar took
place in Trinity Protestant Episcopal
Church. It was the official divine serv
ice of the Knights Templar, and was
very impressive and largely attended.
Most Eminent Sir Xn J ght Warren La
rue Thomas, Grand Master, was escort
ed to Trinity ("hurch by 500 Knights]
Tempiar, u-.ia as many more crowded
the church yards, unable to obtain ad
mittance. The old church was filled to
Its utmost capacity. Rev. Dr. Alfred
W. Arundel, rector of Trinity, read the
service, aid the sermon was del;
by Rev. r r. Cornelius L. Twing, rector
of Calvary Church, Brooklyn, X. V.,
and Grand Prelate of tne Grand En
campment.
After a graphic description of Tem
plariaxn, ac related to the relieving of
distress and the uplifting of the fallen.
Dr. Twing said:
"To-day ye meet in this beautiful
temple err-rted to God and consecrated
to his worship, to ask his presence and
his blessing upon the labors in which
we shall be engaged and upon the
pleasures we shall enjoy. From every
part of our land there com* 1 .- to this
goodly city thousands of Knights Tem
plar.
"We come in peace, from all parts
of a land that is ;n p»ace. The sound
of war has ceased; the strife is «.v r:
the bravery of our army and navy has
won a glorious victory, and a war that
has lasted about 100 days has advanced
civilization 100 years in the lands that
have been freed from the power of a
nation that has always persecuted Free
masonry and tried by inquisitorial
methods to suppress it.
"Thank God for that victory; thank
God for the loyalty and patriotism of
the entire United States. Thank God
for the good example of the brave boys
■who have given up th^ir liv^s for the
cause of humanity and progressive lib
erty.
"The Grand Encampment soon toas-
Ff-ml-le in triennial conclave are repre
sentatives of the great and glorious or
der of Christian Knighthood. L,ike our
ancient brethren we are marching to
ward Jerusalem, but not the one of Ju
tiut the Jerusalem on the hills of
heaven. 'In hocsipno vincs'was the mot
to of the hen '»■: of the cross in the past.
They put the precepts of the Christian
religion into practice, and it bore fruit
in their lives and action. We must do
likewise, or our profession is a vain and
idle thing."
During the day enouph Knights ar
rived In the city from all parts of the
country to swell the number now here
to something like 10,000. The local re
ception committee expects at least 25,
000 Knights before the parade on Tues
day.
The following eommanderios arrived
to-day: Los Angeles, No. 'J, of Los An-
K'-lt-s, Cal.; Potomac, No. 3, of Wash
ington. D. C. ; De Molay, No. 4, of
AV;.shintfton, D. C; And'-rson, Nn. ',',2, of
Anderson, Ir.<].; Apollo, No. 19, of Ken
dallvllle, Ind; the Grand Conimandi-ry
of Missouri; the Grand Commandery
of Indiana: the Grand Cnmmandery of
M;t."sa<hus>-tts; Hutchison, No. 32, i>f
Norrlstnwn, Pa.; Rose ''r^ix. No. .S.'l. of
Titusville, Pa,; the Grand Gommandery
of TennesHce; the Grand Commandery
of Virginia; St. Andrew's, No. 13, of
Richmond, Va.; Old Dominion, No. 11,
of Alexandria, Va.; Grace, No. 16. of
Norfolk. Va.
To-day's festivUios were marred by
one mournfui feature. The remains of
Sir Knight George W. Starr, who died
on the train en route to Pittsburg. were
to-day escorted to the Baltimore and
Ohio station, to be conveyed to I'».:!tl
more, for interment. The deceased
Knight was Past Grand Master of Bal
timore Commandery, No. 2, and Poten
tate of Bouml Temple of Baltimore
ENTERTAINMENT
OF CALIFORNIANS
PITTSBUItO, Pa., Oct. D.~After a,t-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
tending divine services In Trinity Epis
copal Church the California delegation
to the twenty-seventh Triennial Con
clave of Knights Templar spent a pleas
ant day in Pittsburg. Before the Cali
fornia ns were awake the members of
Pittsburg Commandery, No. 1, were at
the Hotel Henry, planning pleasure
trips for them. They were told not to
leave their hotel after luncheon.
About 2 o'clock a long line of stylish
equipages drove up to the hotel, and
the Californians were invited out for a
drive. There were over tweirty-five ve
hicles In the parade. The route was out
Fifth and Forbs avenues to Schenley
Park. After making a hasty examina-
tion of the Carnegie libraries, music
hall, art galleries, etc., the party whs
taken through the park. From Schen
ley the drive was along the new boule
vard to Highland Park, where the Zoo
was inspected, and the visitors given
a view of the Alleghany Valley, as
seen from Highland. A short stop was
made at the bandstand In the park, the
ladies wanting tv hear the concert mu
sic. The party then came back to the
city, arriving at the hotel about dark.
Some of the delegation did not go on
the drive, but were entertained by per
sonal friends. Among these was S. G.
Murphy, president of the First Nation
al Bank of San Francisco, who, with
his daughter, Miss Adelaide, was laken
out by Mrs. Oliver McClintock. Mr.
and Miss Murphy were guests at the
Mercur-Speer wedding last evening.
Several dinners have been planned for
th^-m.
The Californians will be taken on a
sight-seeing and Instruction trip to
morrow. Members of Pittsburg fnm
mandery will escort them to a special
train for Homestead, where they will
inspect the armor plate and other
works of the Carnegie Steel Company.
They will view the Bcene of the
slaughter of Pinkerton detectives dur
ing the great strike in 1892. From
Homestead the party will go to Du
quesne, and then to Braddock, where
the other Carnegie plants will be in
spected. If time permits they will also
visit the works of the Westinghouse
Electric Company at East Pittsburg
and Wilmerding. If unable to visit the
electric plants to-morrow they will
probably go there Wednesday. Thurs
day is the date of their big reception.
The committee on escorts received no
tice to-day that Golden Gate Com
mander^- of San Francisco, which has
been expected, will not be here.
Twelve commanderies arrived to-day.
The majority had brass bands, and their
entrance to the city, under escort of
local Kniehts, was in every instance an
imposing one. The streets of the city
were crowded to a greater extent than
ever known before. Bands of the vis
iting commanderies paraded the down
town section to-night, serenading many
of the headquarters of other organiza
Whicl) was recently occupied by a French expedition under Marcband. Since then a force of English and Egyptian
troops comn)anded by General Kitchener appeared and a deroand for the withdrawal of the French followed.
Ire i -"Seven Years jn the Soudan," published by Sampson, Low & Co., London, V
The San Francisco Call
tions and the Grand Master. The ex
ecutive committee had originally issued
an order prohibiting music on the
streets during the hours of church serv
ice. The Superintendent of Police gave
permission to the visitors to play when
and where and how they pleased, and
advantage was taken of the privilege.
For the first time the electrical deco
rations were tested this evening:. The
thirty-efght arches spanning the princi
pal streets of Pittsburg and Allegheny
w<-re illuminated, and presented a daz
zling effect.
The city Is a blaze of fiery crowns
and crosses. The five local command
erics will open headquarters to-morrow
morning.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 9.-Wong Sang, the
Korean who was shot in the groin by
ALLEGHENY COUNTY COURTHOUSE DECORATED FOR THE CONCLAVE.
California Sir Knights Will Be Entertained There hg Tancred Commanderu No, 48 of Pittslmrg.
Yue See at Mayfield on Saturday, died
to-day. Yue S.-.' Is in jail and will be
charged with mur'l»r.
Printers Gathering at Syracuse.
SYRACUSE, N. V., Oct. 9.— Over 150
dc-logatfs are in the city to attend the
forty-fourth convention of the Interna
MELINE SPEAKS OF THE
GLOOMY OUTLOOK FOR FRANCE.
EPINAL,, France, Oct. 9.— Jules Meline, Premier of the French Ministry preceding the present Government
of M. Brisson, who presided at a banquet of the Association of Railway Employes here last evening, uttered a
serious warning against the agitation and unrest in France.
Referring to the divided state of the country, the violence of polemicsand the sectarian spirit displayed in
politics, he said it was impossible to see France thus torn by factions, and devoured by political passions, while
daily the principle of authority was undermined, the army weakened and the institution upon which rested the se
curity of the nation shaken, without thinking of "that opening in the Vosges through which an invading
army could pass," or without thinking of "some unforeseen temptation being offered to the foreigner."
The adversaries of France, however, had no need to declare war, said M. Meline. They were content to
await the exhaustion of France.
FASHODA ON THE UPPER NILE
SAN FRANCTSCO, MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1898.
Yue See's Victim Dies.
tional Typographical TTnlon, which will
open to-morrow and continue until Fri
day.
MABQUIS ITO'S OPINION.
LONDON, Oct. 10.— The Shanghai corre
spondent of the Times says: Rear Adml
POINTED DIPLOMACY
REGARDING FASHODA
ral Lord Charles Beresford, who has ar
rived here in the course of his tour as
Special Commissioner for the Associated
Chambers of Commerce to Inquire into the
commercial conditions in China, has ex
changed visits with Marquis Ito. the Japa
nese statesman. Marquis Ito thinks that
the anti-foreign policy recently adopted
at Peking might be remedied by a joint
representation by the powers.
SENATOR-ELECT SIMON
FAVORS EXPANSION
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 9.— Senator-elect
Joseph Simon, in an interview regarding
his course on the leading questions which
will come before Congress, to-day said:
"I favor the retention of the entire
Philippine proup and I should not agree
to the ratification of a treaty that remits
any portions of them to Spain. I am for
Government construction and control of
the Nicaragua canal and favor a Pacific
c.-ible. I am for a largpr standing army
and a greater navy. I am especially anxi
ous for a firmer establishment of the gold
standard and reformation of the cur
rency by retirement of Government paper
obligations and creation of a banking
currency. These measures are of great
urgency, both because of our prospective
trade expansion and because postpone
ment can only result in disaster when the
next inevitable financial difficulties
arise."
GREAT BRITAIN'S -
CLAIMS PROMPTLY
BACKED BY FORCE
Ooly Power H av 'O9 tJ)e Flight to
Occupy Ar)y Part of tf)e
Nile Valley.
After Taking trje Disputed Territory Kitchener
Sl)ows That Marchand Would hjave Been
Annihilated by Dervishes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— The World's London
correspondent cables that war with France may be
declared within forty-eight hours.
The Journal's correspondent says that work is
being rushed forward in British dockyards and
arsenals in order to guard against eventualities.
LONDON, Oct. 9.— The Foreign
Office has issued a Fashoda blue
book, giving the correspondence
between the French and British
governments. It begins with a
dispatch dated December 10, 1897, from
Sir Edmund Monson, British Embassa
dor at Paris, to Lord Salisbury, refer
ring to rumors of the massacre of the
Marchand expedition, and expressing
the Embassador's satisfaction that he
has been allowed to acquaint M. Han
otaux (French Foreign Minister of that
day) with Lord Salisbury's view that
if other questions are adjusted Great
Britain will make no difficulty regard
ing the French claim on the northern
and eastern shores of Lake Tchad. The
dispatch shows, however, that the Em
bassador made it clear that this conces
sion must not be understood as admit
ting the right of any European power
except Great Britain to occupy any part
of the Nile valley.
M. Hanotaux replied r.n December 24
in a long dispatch of respectful protest
against Lord Salisbury's views.
On August 2 of this year Lord Sal
isbury wrote Lord Cramer, British dip
lomatic, agent at Cairo, giving him in
structions that, after the capture of
! Khartoum, two flotillas should ascend
\ to Fashoda and go up the Blue Nile
as far as it should prove navigable fo^
steamers. Under these instructions the
! Sirdar was personally to command the
Fashoda flotilla and to take a few
troops, if he should consider it desirable,
the object being to assert Great Brit
ain's sphere of influence in the Nile val
ley.
On September 7 Sir Edmund Monson
reported to Lord Salisbury a conversa
tion in which M. Del Casse, French
Foreign Minister, announced that Mar
chand had no authority to decide on
questions of right, and had been in
! structed to abstain from any action
likely to lead to local conflict. M. Del
Casse further expressed a conviction
that the matter was susceptible of ar
rangement by means of discussion.
To this Lord Salisbury replied on Sep
tember 9 that Great Britain regarded
the operations of the Sirdar (General
Kitchener) as placing all the territories
of Khalifa Abdullah, by right of con
quest, in the hands of the British and
Egyptian governments, and insisted
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
that this contention admitted of no dis
cussion.
Then follows various dispatches re
cording the discussion before Sir Ed
mund Monson and M. Del Casse, the
latter explaining that Marchand was
now virtually a lieutenant to the Lio
tard expedition, and that, therefore, the
situation at Fashoda, even if Marchand
was there, could not be as dangerous
as Sir Edmund Monson had repre
sented.
On September 25 the Sirdar reported
the results of his expedition to Fa
shoda, fully confirming the announce
ments already cabled to the Associat
ed Press, including the fact that Gen
eral Kitchener's removal there pre
vented a second Dervish attack on
Marchand.
The French officer informed the Sir
dar that he had concluded a treaty,
which he had sent to France for rati
fication, whereby the Shillock chiefs
had placed the country under French
protection. Marchand replied in the
negative to General Kitchener's ques
tion whether he was prepared to resist
the hoisting of the Egyptian flag, but
he maintained that he had orders from
the French Government to occupy Fa
shoda.
On the departure of the British forces
General Kitchener notified Major Mar
chand in writing that all transporta
tion of war material on the Nile was
absolutely prohibited.
The Sirdar's dispatch concludes as
follows: "The chief Shillock came to
our camp and positively denied that
they had concluded any treaty with
Marchand, while all the Shillocks de
clared their allegiance to the British
Government. Moreover, Marchand was
in such a precarious position that noth
ing could have prevented his annihila
tion by the Dervishes had we been a
fortnight later in crushing the Khalifa.
Other dispatches indicate that M. Del
Casse declined Great Britain's request
for the immediate recall of Major Mar
chand, and that Great Britain agreed
to dispatch a message for the French
Government to Marchand as a matter
of courtesy without accepting ajiy re
sponsibility for the results delay might
entail and still maintaining that the
matter admitted of no comr-nmlse.
In the final dispatch appearing in the
blue book Lord Salisbury, under date
of October 3, instructs Sir Edmund
Monson to inform M. Del Casse that
the latter's message to Major Mar
chand has been sent, but that Great
Britain views the Marchand mission as
having no political significance what
ever.
CAIRO, Oct. 9.— The report that the
treasures of the Khalifa, valued at
£10.000,000 ($50,000,000) has been
found and was being forwarded to
Cairo is without foundation.
Equally baseless is the report thAt
General Kftchener will resign the Sir
darship.
TROOPS FROM KHARTOUM
DYING LIKE FLIES
LONDON, Oct. 10.— A dispatch to the
Daily Chronicle from Alexandria says:
The troops who have returned from
Khartoum are dylnp like flies from en
teric disorders, supposed to be due to
canned beef and indulgence in cheap
spirits.
LONDON, Oct. 10.— All the morning
papers applaud Lord Salisbury's firm
ness in the F&shoda question and the
fact that he has approved all the do
ings of General Kitchener.
PRINCESS TROUBETZKY
TAKES HER OWN LIFE
Was Under Arrest at Berlin "Under an
Italian Extradition
Demand.
BERLIN, Oct. 9.— Princess Troubetzky,
who was under arrest here on an extra
dition demand from the Italian Govern
ment, charged with forging documents,
committed suicide to-day at the police
stution.
There are several ladies of high rank
or wide reputation known us Princeaa
Troubetzky. Among them are the wifa
of the Grand Maranal of the Russian
opurt, and the American novelist, who
was formerly Mies Amelie Rives. It is
quite inconceivable that eithor of these
l*Aim ia tin* Princess referred to above.2
WOULD DIVORCE
HIS WIFE FROM
ANOTHER MAN
Woes of a Klondike
Enoch Arden.
NEW CHAPTER IN A ROMANCE
LUCKY MINER ELOPES WITH A
FORMER SWEETHEART.
Returns Kich to Find Her Wedded an
Hour Previously, but Love
Triumphs Over the
Law.
By HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JI'NEAU, Alaska, Oct. 5, by steam
ship Al-Ki to Seattle, Oct. 9.— The
scenes of a superlatively romantic com
edy-drama in real life, with all the gen
uine emotions and a touch of the tragi
cal to make it more thrilling, are shift-
Ing about between three places — San
Francisco, Juneau and Dawson City.
Th^ first act took place in San Fran
cisco, Just one month ago to-day. Then,
as was related in The Call of Septem
ber 19, exclusively as now, a young
Klondiker named Francois Pigeon en
tered, as unexpectedly as a meteor from
heaven, the home of his fiancee, after
an absence of two years in the Klon
dike, and found her wedded but an
hour to another. He owns a claim on
Bonanza Creek, and returned to lay the
gold at her feet— the feet of Virginia
Reiffel, tall and fair and false. She
swooned. He turned and left her.
On the morning of October 1 the scene
changed to Juiieau. The curtain went
up in San Francisco without an audi
ence, but the climax is here. Among
the passengers who trooped down the
gang plank from the eleamship Al-Ki
were an earnest looking young Kion
diker and a tall, handsome, black-haired
gil in stunning costume, who hung
fondly nn his arm. Such a couple could
not escape attracting attention, es
pecially as it was whiapered among the
passengers that they had had Quite a
romance. He registered at v. hotel as
"J. Brunser and wife, Dawson City."
That afternoon the scene shifted to
a room characterized by books in
leather binding and tables strewn with
legal looking papers. Enter the same
young man.
"I would like to have your attention,"
said he.
"Fire away," replied he of the musty
tomes.
"Can I get a divorce for my wife from
another man?"
"What i •
"Yes, that's it. She's married to an
other man and I want to get a divorce
for her."
"Young man, be more explicit. Do not
trifle with the law, sir; the law in
Alaska, for anon it arouseth itself and
gocth about like a roaring lion over
coming the whisky seller with fear and
trembling and a semi-annual line. Tell
me all of yuur troubles, sir."
As the young Mr. Brunsor of the hotel
told his story, substantially as previous
ly related, he (■■■u.il not compose his
feelings. Tears came into his eyes as
they have into the eyes of many a
lover. He told how Virginia, the Vir
ginia for whom he had tuiied two long
years and made a fortune, had secret
ly sent for him at his hotel in San
Francisco two days after she had mar
ried Mr. Miigaium; how she had wait
ed long and patiently for him, had not
received a single letter, and, supposing
he had forgotten her or his love had
gruwn cold, had accepted the other man
while even at the moment thinking of
him in Alaska far away. Then she
told him her heart was still his and
ever had been; that she wouldn't live
another minute with her lawful lord,
and, weeping, that if he wanted her he
could have her and she would go with
him; that she despised herself more
than a faded ribbon or any old thing
and she didn't care what happened to
her; that it was all an awful mistake
and she %vould throw herself into the
bay and he could chuck his old gold
In after her— so there!
They cried together awhile like chil
dren and then — but that was shown
when they came happily together down
the gangplank of the good ship Al Kl.
This Alaska Blackstone advised that
as the statute required a year's resi
dence in Alaska for eligibility for di
vorce, and as the ycung lady had not
been in town more than four hours nor
In Alaska much more than thirty-six,
they were confronted by an obstacle
which could not be legally removed.
Once more clouds settled darkly on the
hearts of the young elo-pers.
Complications arc more mixed for the
reason, it is said, that the young hus
band in San Francisco will fight a di
vorce suit. The lover here said he was
told by nn attorne" in San Francisco
that she could pet a divorce here with
but little delay, and, acting under that
advice, they camp on to Junoau, ex
pecting her to be speedily divorced and
then become his bride.
1 ii.sked him this afternoon if his
name was Bruns'T. He said "No," and
avoided conversation. He evidently
feels their position keenly. Their story
leaked from the ship Into the hotel and
the peculiar situation has won fur them
sympathy and friends even among
those who riu not krviw them. Mr. and
Mrs. Brunser conduct themselves with
rjuipt propriety. Men raised their hats
to them when they went out together;
but they do not go on the street to
gether now. The ladies in the hotel
pppak pleasantly to her as they pass
her in the parlor or halls. The happy,
yet more unhappy, couple do not know
which way to turn or what to do bo ,
that they can be lawfully wedded.
He of the musty tomes holds an opin
ion that indicates, as tho speediest way
yut of the dilemma, that the third and
last act of the drama will be played I
In Pan Francisco with the curtain iis- \
Ing before a divorce court scene.
ALASKAN SURVEYING
PARTIES NOT IN DANGER
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9.— Commenting
Dn the dispatch from Seattle, published
a. week apo to the effect that (inly two
of the several Government surveying 1
parties sent to Alaska last spring by
the United States survey would reach
the coast of the Territory in time to re
turn home before the winter storma
should block the trail, the fortunate
parties being those of Spurr and Mc
rombrie, Dr.. Morsell, of the Geologl
:al Survey Office, says:
"Of the five or six parties that wore
sent to Alaska, those in charge of
Messrs. Barnard and Peters are known
:o have reached the States in safety a
few days aero, and Mr. Eldridge, who
lad general charge of the expedition,
md Mr. Mulldrow are confidently be
ieved to be safely out of the Territory
MAKES CHARGES OF
TERRIBLE CRUELTY
AstouQdiog Abuses at the TopeKa
Insane Asylum Alleged by the
Superintendent.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 9.— A special to the Journal from Topeka,
Kans., saya: Dr. C. H. Wetmore has tendered his resignation as
superintendent of the State Insane Asylum at Topeka to Governor
Leedy and the State Board of Charities. Accompanying the resigna
tion was a letter to the Governor in which Dr. Wetmore gave his
reasons for resigning.
The letter tells an astounding story of alleged cruelty, inhumanity
and debauchery at that institution under the present management.
The doctor tells of alleged instances of death of patients from neg
lect; speaks of the "drunkards and incompetents placed over the un
fortunate inmates"; charges that a State "joint" exists at the asy
lum; accuses Chairman H. C. Jumper of the State Board of Chari
ties with being on a continual debauch for the past fifteen months,
and openly charges subordinate officials with attempting to ruin
pure women.
These are only a few of the sensational charges made in the let
ter, which is published in full. Dr. Wetmore declares he stands ready
to prove every charge, and says he can prove even more. Dr. Wet
more is an appointee of the present Populist administration.
by this time, judging from their posi
tions when heard from in August on
their proposed route toward St. Mich
ael. Mr, Barber, a member of the par
ty, has just communicated with the of
fice, requesting permission to stop off at
Canton en route east. There arc two
survey geologists, Mr. Schrader and Mr.
Mendenhall. under detail from the War
Department expedition, under Captain
Abercromble. From these men there
are no recent advices, but it is under
stood they will be out of the Territory in
good season. It is thought probable
that Captain Abercrombie is the Cap
tain McCmmbie referred to in the dis
patch as the head of one of the two
fortunate parties."
SEATTLE. Oct. 9. — The Government
purvey party, under George Eldrldge
and Robert Mulldrow, arrived to-day
from Alaska on the steamer Al-Ki.
The party has been surveying all sum
mer at Cooks Inlet.
HALDEMAN SAID TO
HAVE DISAPPEARED
When Cincinnati's Grand Jury Takes
Up the Murder Case a Sensa
tion Is Expected.
CINCINNATI, Oct. P.— When the Grand
Jury meets to-morrow sensational devel
opments are expected in the case of W.
J. Haldeman, charered with killing his
brother-in-law and business partner, ex-
Senator J. C. Richardson of Glendale.
After they quarreled In their paper mill
at Lockland and the fatal shooting oc
curred, on September 22, Haldeman re
mained in concealment. Richardson died
a week later and the day preceding his
death Haldeman left for Chicago. Learn
ing that a warrant had been sworn out by
Coroner Herr, charging murder in tho
first degree, Haldeman returned last
Tuesday night and e-arly the next morn
ing wns bound over for manslaughter i.y
his neighbor, the Mayor of Lockland. He
was admitted to bail and has not been
seen since.
The officers of the city have never been
able to serve their murder warrant, but
the case will come before the Grand Jury
for indictment for murder in the ftnu de
gree and then it will be known ■whether
Haldeman has really disappeared. His
attorneys promise that he will surrender
if indicted. Owing to the prominence of j
both the Richardson and Haldeman farni- I
lies the case is attracting unusual atten
tion.
TRIES TO BOARD
A MOVING TRAIN
Young Business Man of Pacific Grove :
Receives Severe In
juries.
PACIFIC GROVE. Oct. 9.— J. Stanley
Gosby, a young business man of this
place, was seriously hurt last night while
attempting to board the special train that
took the Monterey and Pacific Grove Re
publicans to the rally in Salinas. He selz- j
cd the platform ral] of the rear car after I
the train had gained considerable speed, i
Before he could swing his foot upon the i
step he was thrown apainst the inclined
rail of an adjacent cattle guard. The
Hhnck of contact loosened his hold and
he fr-ll face- downward into the pit of the
caule guard. Upon recovering conscious
ness lia called for help and people from
the neighboring houses ran out to his as-
Bistance. He had sustained severe cuts
about the head and a serious sprain in tho j
hip Joint, as well as other sprains and j
bruise*, but no broken bones.
Gosby was a University of California
man and an athlete of note in that Insti
tution.
DUBLIN HONORS THE
MEMORY OF PARNELL
DUBLIN, Oct. 9.--Most of the citizens
of Dublin wore the ivy leaf to-day, it
being the anniversary of the death of
Charles Stewart Parnell. Thousands par
ticipated in tho ceremonies at Glasnevin
Omotery, the Lord Mayor and corpora
tion and delegates from the municipality
and all of the chief towns of Ireland In
full regaila taking part In the procession, i
This was headed by a floral car bearing j
ii bust of Parnell. almost buried In
wreaths and garlands. The members of
ihf> Parnell family, many members of the
House of Commons and deputations from
various societies throughout the country i
I resent. There were numerous bands
and a profusion of banners. The Influx of
people from the country districts was
enormous. Tho ceremony of depositing
wreaths upon the grave was highly im
presrve, though simple.
RALLY AT LAKEPORT.
Hon. John T. Dare and J. M. Oliver
Address Republicans.
LAKSPORT, Oct. 5.-rThe Republicans
held a )>\k rally at the Courthouse last
Bht. Hon. John T. Dare of San Fran
co and J. M. Oliver of Alameda wore
speaker?. Both gentlemen dellverod
masterful addresses and showed up Drni
opoplsm and Magulreism in a maner that
R reflect credit upon those fallacies.
are reviewed Magulre's record In
s In relation to the funding bill
v he had let the measure puss
even offering an objection; imw
favored the anarchists and called
o Democrats of Europe when the
tion restriction billwaabefore the
house. Mr. l>ure referred to the cal
umnies circulated by the fuElonl.«ts and
the yellow press as to how the war and
the military camps were conducted, and
told of his personal Inspection of nu
rnrrous camps and how ne had found
thut everything that could possibly be
done for the comfort and health of the
men was ..me.
Mr. Olilver showed that if the single
tax was In operation It would mean a
practical conllscation of the land, and the
burden of taxation would fall upon the
farmers. He eulogized President McKln
ley and his administration and showed
how the President had accomplished
, more toward abolishing sectionalism than
: lany man this nation ever had. Hon. Vlc
; tor MetcaJf, candidate for Congress, was
] also highly commended for ability, integ
l rlty and industry.
Madrid Press in Surly Mood.
Special cable to The C«JI and the New York
Herald, ropyrighted, JSSS, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MADRID, Oct. 9.— The summary of the
opinion of the newspapers here is dis
agreeable, anent indications from Ptiris
and differences between the American
and Spanish commissioner*
THE SAN FKAISTCTSCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1898.
FOR A LEAGUE OF
MUNICIPALITIES
Project of the Mayor of
Santa Clara.
IDEAS COULD BE EXCHANGED
WOULD TEND TOWABD BETTER
GOVERNMENT.
Letters Sent Out Over the State Bring
Replies Heartily in Favor
of the Plan Sug
gested.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CLARA, Oct. 8. — Mayor
i Druffel of this city has sent out a com
■ munication to all the cities in this
! State, which number nearly one hun
dred, suggesting the formation of a
"League of California Municipalities"
after the manner of similar organiza- J
tions In the East. The purpose Is to
exchange views concerning the work
being done by cities and to discuss
problems of municipal government;
also to try and amend the laws of the
State concerning municipal corpora
tions so that a better system may be
obtained. Numerous replies have been
received, all of which heartily favor the
plan suggested and the Idea is general
that a great measure of good may re
sult.
The receipt of a few more replies will
result in the calling of a meeting to be
held about December 1 at Santa Clara.
This place has a reputation for using
business methods in its management !
and is up to date in the matter of pub
lic improvements. The following is
Mayor Druffel's letter:
Dear Sir: At the request of the members
of the Board of Town Trustees of Santa
Clara, I write you to suggest the forma
tion of an "Association of California Mu
nicipalities," after the manner that simi
lar oragnizations are being formed in
Eastern States.
I can conceive that a great good may be
achieved from a meeting of the represent
atives of tho several cities of this State;
we could be kept informed as to what was
being done In the way of municipal ad
viuicement; various experiments In muni
cipal government could be studied and i
discussed, and new ideas might be Im
parted that would be of advantage to all
concerned. At present but a very meager
knowledge is obtainable as to what other
cities are doing and we are entirely out
of touch with each other upon many im
portant propositions. Furthermore, the
laws governing municipal corporations are
in an almost chaotic state, and some at
tempt to establish order might be maxle
by the* proposed association.
Therefore I earnestly Invite an expres
sion from you concerning the desirability
and practicability of forming this associa
tion. Should it meet with the approbation
of a considerable number of the represeta
tives Of the cities of this State, I shall
tako tho liberty of calling such a meet
ing for some time about December 1. If
there is no objection, would suggest Santa
Clara as the place for the first meeting.
It is true that It la not a big city, but we
think we have one or two things Vo show
that are up to date in municipal govern
ment. Yours, respectfully,
D. O. DRUFFEL.
SECOND CORPS ABOUT
TO MOVE SOUTHWARD
General Graham Would Prefer That
His Command Be Sent Di
rect to Cuba.
CAMP MB3ADE, Middletown, Pa., Oct.
9. chief Surgeon Girard is getting ready
for the movement south of the Second
Corps. He will begin to-morrow vaccin
ating the troops to guard against an out
break of smallpox.
Major General Graham has no definite
Information as to the movement of his
command beyond the order of Quarter
master General Ludington to the chief
quartermaster to commence the shipment
of troops October 27. Colonel Howard is
arranKlnp the details of the movement
and expects to ship two regiments a day.
The officers at corns headquarters believe
It will be the middle of November before
the camp is abandoned.
General Graham is opposed to taking
his command south and has requested the
War Department to forward the corps as
a unit to Cuba. The troops arc In excel
lent condition and General Graham thinks
if they are shipped direct.^ across the
water there will not be much sickness.
The sick in tho regiment that have not
been sent to city hospitals are doing
nicely and this morning over 500 reported
for duty.
BOUNDARY TREATY SIGNED.
Brazil and Argentina Accept Mr.
Cleveland's Judgment.
Special cabla to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, 183S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BUENOS ATRES, Oct. 9.— A dispatch
from the Herald's correspondent at Rio
de Janeiro states that the boundary
treaty between Brazil and Argentina has
been signed according to the judgment of
Mr. Cleveland, who acted as arbitrator.
COMES AS AN ABT JUDGE
Arrival of M. Phalao, the Celebrated
Norwegian Painter.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— M. Phalao, the
Norwegian artist, arrived here to-day on
the steamer La Champagne. M. PhaJao
will remain In this city for a few days
and will then go to Pittsburg as the guest
of Andrew Carnegie. He will officiate as
a Judge In the art exhibition In tliat city.
PRAISES NAVAL
MEDICAL CORPS
Efficiency and Heroism
Combined.
SURGEON GENERAL'S REPORT
MODEL SERVICE AT ALL STAGES
OF THE WAR.
Woman's Grand Work Gratefully Ac
knowledged — Special Refer
ence to Miss Long and
Her Associates.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9.— Probably no
better illustration can be found of the
foresight exhibited by the navy in pre
paring for the war than is afforded by
the history of the medical corps during
the struggle. This is set out in the an
nual report of Surgeon-General W. K.
Van Reypen, which is the first of the
navy bureau reports submitted for
publication.
Surgeon-General Van Reypen begins
with a modest tribute to the good judg
ment and foresight of his predecessor,
General Tryon, who in putting in order
and equipping the several naval hos
pitals, was of incalculable service to the
bureau, enabling it to properly care for
the sick or wounded of the navy dur
ing the war. When the Maine was
blown up Surgeon-General Van Reypen
was in charge of the bureau and began
preparations immediately for any con
tingency. The hospitals were fully
equipped, plans were prepared for pa-
vilion wards, and the naval laboratory
prepared to furnish medical and sur
pical supplies in any quantity. No ad
ditional expense was incurred until war
seemed imi nent; then every vessel
likely to be engaged was given a full
outfit of medical supplies for war. In
anticipation of a large increase of the
navy, proper outfits were made ready
and boxed for a large number of ships,
ready for call.
"There has not been an Instance dur
ing the war," says the sur-eon-general,
"of any vessel having had to wait for
her medical stores."
It was known that the medical corps
was inadequate In number for war, yet
there was no law authorizing the em
ployment of volunteer medical officers.
But medical boards were sent out In
anticipation to the principal cities to
examine applicants for appointment,
and as a consequence when the war
broke out Lhe medical department had
at hand from which to make selections
of volunteer surgeons, a long list of well
j educated men, and thirty-seven of these
were appointed out of 2000 applicants.
Surgeon-General Van Reypen says:
"They have rendered efficient service
and have been a credit to the navy.
Some have had unusual and trying ex
periences, but they have accommodated
themselves to their environments and
have Justified their appointments."
Only one medical officer was killed
during the war. Assistant Surgeon John
Blair Gtbbs, who fell at Guantanamo,
serving with the Marine Battalion.
The Medical Department had long de
sired to establish a hospital service at
sea on a specially selected vessel, and
the approach of war gave it an oppor
tunity to demonstrate the wisdom of
its propositions and the efficiency of its
methods. The steamer Creole was pur
chased, and with the valuable assis
tance of Naval Constructor Woodward
was converted Into an ambulance ship
within sixteen days, having every ap
pliance of modern surgery, disinfecting
apparatus, cold storage, laundry and
elevators. She was a pioneer In her
work indicating a step in advance that
It well became the United States to
take.
The report gives a succinct history of
the valuable services rendered by the
Creole in caring for the sick and
wounded.
The surgeon general continues: "In
this war woman has done her perfect
work and the medical department of
the navy 1b profoundly grateful for the
money contributed and supplies fur
nished for the aid of the sick and
wounded of the navy. Patriotic women
have ably supplemented the efforts of
the Government, and their assistance
has been thoroughly appreciated."
In this connection the report calls at
tention to the fact that as soon as war
was declared the daughter of Secretary
Long and three of her associates at the
Johns Hopkins Medical School volun
teered thtir services as nurses and
were assigned to duty in the hospital.
In conclusion the Surgeon General
says: "I cannot close this portion ol
the bureau's report without bearing tes
timony to the efficiency, skill and de
votion to duty of the personnel of the
medical department. Not a word but
of i 'raise hap the bureau heard of any
of them, regulars or volunteers. When
war was imminent they vied with one
another in their efforts to get on fight
ing ships. Some have had greater op
portunities than others, but all have
done well the work assigned them. Sur
geon Edgar saw his associate. Assist
ant Surgeon Gibbs, shot by his side in
the Spanish attack and he continued
his work alone, doing it thoroughly and
well, and it was known no would. The
medical officers of the vessels in the
fi^ht at Manila and in the battle of the
3d of July shared the dangers of their
comrades and should participate in the
praise accorded them.
"The medical officers of the Solace
have the honor of inaugurating the first
complete system of antiseptic surgery
at sea. They have adapted means to
ends, have improvised apparatus, have
been fertile in expedients and have
the satisfaction of having demonstrat
ed that with skill and intelligence the
percentage of mortality among patients
on a well-equipped ambulance ship will
be no greater than In the hospitals on
shore.
"Medical Inspector Persons found
himself suddenly confronted with 226
Spanish sick or wounded prisoners in
a partly established hospital. He was
equal to the emergency, and he and his
associates were complimented by Ad
miral Cervera when he visited the
camp.
"The mpdical officers of the other hos
pitals have had sudden large acces
sions of patients. They were always
ready and always cared for thorn well."
TASK OF RAISING THE
VISCAYA ABANDONED
Fifty Feet of Her Bilge Gone — The
Wreckers Will Now Tackle
the Colon.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
H^raM. rnpyrighteO, IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PLATA DEL E9TE, Cuba, Oct. 9.—
Work on the Spanish cruiser Vlzcaya has
been abandoned. Divers found fifty feet
of the bottom of her bilge gone.
The wrecking tug Chapman Is here coal-
Ing and will tow the Snarpe from Santi
ago to-day, where she has been provis
ioning, to the wreck of the Colon. Naval
Constructor Hobson accompanies the ex
pedition.
NEW YORKERS VIEW
BATTLE OF INDIANS
Goes -to -War Leads the Sioux,
While Big Brave Guides the
BlacKfoot Warriors.
OMAHA, Neb., Oct. 9.— The total attendance at the exposition Inrt
week was nearly 150,000. Hon. Chauncey M. Depew and visiting
New Yorkers viewed the sham battle fought by the Indians on the
exposition grounds. Few of the distinguished visitors from the Em
pire State had ever seen Western Indians and their methods employed
In war, and these proved most interesting. The battle was fought
along stated lines, Goes-to-War looking after the interests of the
Sioux, while Big Brave was the guiding star of the Blackfeet. There
was a brilliant charge made by the Sioux routing their enemies, and
In turn there was the return charge of the Blackfeet, which had been
reinforced by a lot of Indians, who had been loafing down among the
trees on the west side of the camp. In the final charge the Sioux
were outnumbered and routed, leaving their pretended dead upon the
field.
After the battle Chauncey M. Depew and the members of his
party, under the guidance of Captain Mercer and the exposition of
cials visited the camp and looked in upon the Indians, shaking hands
with some of the big men of the tribes and admiring the little fel
lows.
ALMOST A RIOT
AT THE MEETING
Sausalito Trustees in
Stormy Session.
DENOUNCED BY TAXPAYERS
TROUBLE OVER THE LETTING OF
A CONTRACT.
Attempt to Give San Franciscans
Preference Over a Local Firm
Arouses the Wrath of
Citizens.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 9.— The Board of
Trustees tried to operate a little
"cinch" game on local contractors at a
meeting held last Friday evening and
the result surpassed Its liveliest imagin
ation.
The session almost ended In a rlo-t as
a consequence of sensational charges
by S. Cheda and Christopher Chisholm.
The language used by these indignant
taxpayers was so plain and reflected
such discredit on Individual members of
the board that Trustee Henry Eickhoff
grew Infuriated and demanded that
Marshal Healy eject Chisholm from the
room.
About a month ago bonds for a new
outfall sewer system were voted in the
sum of $25,000. The specifications pro
vided that Iron-stone mains should be
laid. After the bonds were voted the
Trustees arbitrarily changed the speci
fications so- as to read that wooden
mains should be used. This move cre
ated a deal of adverse comment, and
its legality was questioned by a local
paper.
Last Friday night the board received
bids for laying the woodwork of the
new system. The bid of Thomas O'Con
nor, a local contractor, was $15,887; that
of the Excelsior Pipe Company of tfan
Francisco about $400 more. The San
Francisco firm was about to get the
contract when Cheda jumped to his feet
and shouted:
"As a taxpayer I protest against this
raw work. It is a 'cinch game' pure
and simple, and I ask that all bids be
rejected."
Prior to Cheda's Interruption Henry
P. Wood had spoken warmly in favor
of granting the Excelsior Pipe Com
pany the contract on the rather pe
culiar ground that its bid was "only a
few hundred dollars more than O'Con
nor's." He now arose and repeated his
language, whereupon Chisholm sprang
to his feet and declared the board to be
a "set of clowns."
"You are trying to get the royalty
out of the patent rights of the San
Francisco firm," he asserted, "and as a
taxpayer I protest."
At this Trustee Eickhoff, whose ar
guments showed him to favor the San
Francisco firm, arose and in a voice
trembling with anger demanded that
Marshal Healy eject Chisholm. So
warm waxed the excitement that the
board was forced to adjourn without
taking any action to next Tuesday
evening.
The trouble over the contracts, It is
alleged arises mainly ooit of the fact
that the board is aiming for the roy
alty coming through the patent rights
of the San Francisco company, and this
the taxpayers are averse to paying. In
addition the latter firm wishes to bring
its own men over to work on the sewer
and throw local men out of employ
ment.
A highly inflammatory poster, headed
with a skull and crossbones, has been
placarded in the window of E. Krun
bull, a watchmaker, denouncing the ac
tion of the board and railing on the
citizens to be present at the next meet
ing to stop the "cinch" on local men.
Crowds daily block the sidewalk view
ing the poster. ___
TAKEN ACROSS THE LINE.
Canadian Officials Obtain Possession
of a Murderer.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Oct. 9.— Thomas
Allen, a colored man known as "Pegleg"
Allen, who Is alleged to be none other
than Madle Brown, a tramp accused of
having murdered the City Marshal of
Georgetown, Tex., on June 4, 1838, wound
ed a Deputy Sheriff who attempted to
prevent his escape and later killed
Police Officer Toohey at London, Ont.,
was taken across the border into British
Columbia last night by Deteotive Nickles
of London, Ont. Allen was arrested at
North Yaklma on Friday. The arrest and
the preparations to take him to Canada
were kept quiet in order that the Texas
authorities might not hear of it and re
fuse to permit him to be taken to Canada.
BACK FROM PORTO RICO.
Auxiliary Cruiser May-flower Casts
Anchor at New York.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— The auxiliary
cruiser Mayflower, Commander McKc.!
zte, arrived to-day from Ponce, Porto
Rico. All aboard were well. The Supply,
Captain Hersall, from Guantanamo, ar
rived this morning and anchored oft
Tompkinsvllle.
The United States hospital ship Relief
Rrrived at noon to-day from Hampton
Roads, where she landed about 260 aick
and convalescent soldiers from Mava^u^z,
Ponce and Areclbo, Porto Rico. The Re
lief was ordered to New York to be fitted
with a steam heating apparatus. She will
sail again for Porto Rico In about two
weeks.
MAY TURN BACK
SPANISH CRUISER
Washington Likely to
Protest.
LATEST MOVE OF MADRID
WABSHTP SOON TO REACH THE
PHILIPPINES.
This Government May Request
Through France That Its Arms
and Ammunition Be Not
Landed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: It may be that the United
States will submit a diplomatic protest
to Spain through the French Govern -
ment against its action in sending a
Spanish auxiliary cruiser laden with
arms and ammunition to the Philip
pines. In any event the matter is un
der consideration, and, it is believed,
has been called to the attention of the
American commissioners in Paris.
The cruiser in question is the Buenos
Ayres, belonging to the Spanish auxil
iary, which. Rear Admiral Dewey re
ported to the Navy Department several
days ago, is due to arrive at the Sin
gapore Straits Settlement on October 13.
It is appreciated by the authorities that
Spain has the same right in the eyes
of international law to send reinforce
ments to the Philippines as this Govern.
ment has. and any protest made would
be of the most diplomatic character
and simply designed to make it plain
that a continuance of the voyage of the
Buenos Ayres is objectionable.
On the other hand a member of the
Cabinet to-night said that all of the
Philippines with the exception of Ma
nila are in nominal possession of Spain
and that it is her undoubted privilege
if she deems it advisable to do so to
send troops to the eastern islands to
subdue any insurrections that may oc
cur.
Another member of the Cabinet who
talked the matter over with the Presi
dent admitted that Spain had the moral
right to dispatch reinforcements to the
Philippines, but as the forces of this
Government were in control It was
within its authority to prevent such re
inforcements reaching their destina
tion.
However, it is expected that the mat
ter will not go beyond a protest if it
goes that fai\
To Carry Ballots to Soldiers.
TOPEKA, Kas., Oct. 9.— Governor
Leedy ha.« appointed the Rev. G. D.
Olden of Topeka, a Baptist negro preach
er, as commissioner to take the ballots
to the Kansas nesrro soldiers in Santiago.
The Rev. Mr. Olden left to-day with the
ballots.
• ADVEBTISEMENTS.
®®®@®®®®®®®®®®®® ®® ®® ® ® ® ® ® ®® ®® ® ® ® ©
® q
I DON'T BE A WEAK MAN. I
© . ©
® j)^-« v Yoang man, you can realize that
! ® /s^. .1 a waste of strength which occurs ©
© ¥£i***< frequently must be straining the vi- (^
/r5» V' >f '■ xi tal power from your body, It is
w / & rirf s -'>w^^^ slowly but surely ruining your fu- ©
® fcVi.~-.ji # _i - r^ tai ' O^r ture life, and it is a danger that you /j>
© a\.g«. ' -- - A 1 'sSr'^-^r* *J should overcome. This trouble, j
Jr vii^l**~*V- . '""* -Ji — * ■si If/ / which comes for a few weeks at a ©
(•) " '■■ ' StY v ' '•} ) ' J time and then seems to stop for q
® Ve^~ S^-— / Ij/L a while, is getting worse with each ~*
(A 7 * '-ifmrnJ r*\ appearance; its weakening effects ©
'-' i*_ vtm ffiEwlX A are more serious and your nervous g\
® g^ - • .^^ system is slowly giving way under ]r
G) /■ fniff-w^Mimii'-f*^^ It. Surely you must see that If It is ©
)r / >k "'J not checked your whole nervous •»
® thk.\ VC/ and physical constitution must be )r
& / \L\ \/T ruined by It. Cure it at once, if you C»
® I ,/Qk »/7\ want to preserve your future health. 0
8 \m\ Dr.Sanden's :
i Jill Electric Belt, !
© <^<KS-' *— ' -^S This wonderful invention cures all ©
i. s< ** a< r"*^^,.. . m, 1 ■ iiiiii 1 , iiitmJ waste of rower by a simple vitalls- «*
© •V*^F^w''«**M» r <B#«a^ Ing of the weakened nerves. aAs they •
© »re saturated with its strengthening force they become vigorously contract- 0?
/-, ed; the loosened cords are restored to their normal condition and all waste (A
w Is quickly cfiocked. True vigor then becomes evident. The body is made _^
© strong and the mind dear. Ambition springs up In the brain and the hap- «J
(^ plness which can come only from healthy vital force is yours. The effect ®
"r of this electrical treatment is wonderful as Dr. Sanden applies it He has a X
® special style of applying his Belt for weak men, the result of thirty years of ®
© study. All other . electrical appliances have failed and Dr. Sanden has G\
© cured simply because of this scientific application of his Belt, which la
- known only to Dr. Sanden. ©
Jv Young man, In Justice to yourself, knowing that this continual waste ®
© of vital strength will in time ruin your constitution, and seeing the wonder- r\
,~ ful cures being accomplished by the Dr. Sanden Electric Belt, you must help
® yourself. Thousands of yoang men who were on the road to destruction by ©
© this drain have been restored to perfect physical health by this means and r\
V so can you. Attend to it to-day; do not put it off. Bend for Dr. Sanden's ®
© . book. "Three Classes of Men." It is free. Call and test this wonderful Belt! ®
rS) Call or address " ' ~
I DR. A. T. SANDEN *~~ — — — — — ®
© 702 Market Street, Corner K.amy. Ban 9 1m,. " ' IB DRUB STORES.
© Ofne« hours, Ba.m.to I p. m. : Sunday*, 10 , *>• Sana« { » EHectrlo Bolt >»
f=\ to J. Branches at Los Angeles, C*l., VX% »■ never sold In drug stores *
South Broadway; Portland. Or.. J8« washing- nor by traveling agents; only ©
© ton street; Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; " our offlco, X
q Dallas. To., 266 Main street..- * . . w ©
' ' ' " ®
O® (£)©®®®©©®o®®®©©© ®® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ®®®®®®@®0
CIVILIZING THE
AMERICAN INDIAN
What Is Accomplished
by Education.
SCHOOLS LARGELY ATTENDED
SAVAGES TRANSFORMED INTO
GOOD CITIZENS.
Commissioner Jones Reports tne
Progress Made in the Regen
eration of the Nation's
Wards.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 9.— The annual
report of Commissioner of Indian Af
fairs William A. Jones shows a gen
eral advancement in the condition of
the "nation's wards." Education, the
greatest factor in solving the status .if
the Indians, is being pushed forward
in the service, and now there are 147
well-equipped boarding schools and an
equal number .>f day schools engaged
in the education of 23,975 pupils. The
average attendance and enrollment has
steadily increased for the past twenty
one years. Vigorous inquiries show that
89 per cent of these pupils who have
gone through the schools and returned
to their homes are reported to be in
good physical condition, contrary to the
frequent suggestions that the change
might break naturally strong and vig
orous constitutions.
Of the pupils attending school 3 per
cent are reported as excellent or first
class; 73 per cent as good and medium,
while only 24 per cent are considered
bad or worthless, showing in the com
missioner's judgment the value of a
system which can in a generation de
velop from savages 76 per cent of good
average men and women.
Under the present regime the large
net decrease in enrollment and attend
ance of last year has been changed in
to a net increase of 1040 and 995, enroll
ment and average attendance, respect
ively, for the present year. The res
ervation schools show the largest gain.
Agents are now being urged to greater
exertions to fill the schools to the limit
of their capacity and future develop
ments, Mr. Jones predicts, will un
doubtedly emphasize that a regulation
enforcing compulsory attendance upon
the schools must be enacted. The plac
ing of Indian children in the publics
schools of the country for the purpose
of co-education of the races does not
appear to meet with much success, but
a fuller test of its value and practica-.
bility is to be mado this year.
The school plants in the service ar»
valued at over $3,000,000, and larger
funds for keeping them in repair are
urged. Out of the general school sup
port fund the Indian Office contem
plates the expenditure of a sufficient
sum to radically increase scholastic fa-.
cilities for the great tribes of the South-,
west, and to that end adequate addi
tions will be made to the schools now
established for the Pimas, Papamos,
Navajos, Moquis and Apaches; at Sac
ton, Fort Defiance, Keams Canyon, Sara
Carlos and Fort Apache.
Discussing the work of the commls*
sion to make allotments on the Un-«
compaghre Reservation, Utah, the corn*
missioner says it is believed many aU
lotments were made to Indians not oc-»
cupying the lands allotted and willing?
to remove to the Uintah Reservation,
and that authority for such allotments
is questioned as well as whether even,
the Indians In possession of the lands
can be allotted. Congress is asked to
legalize the allotments on the Uncom-*
pahgre Reservation made after April 1«
IS9B. to remove all doubt.
Referring to the torturing: and burn-*
ins of Seminoles in Oklahoma last Jan*
vary, the report says it is thought in-t
demnity will soon be paid by the Gov
ernment to all members of the Semlnola
nation injured by the mob of lawless
whites in that occurrence, and tha
whites guilty of the outrages are now*
being prosecuted.
No Trace of Dougherty.
GILROY, Oct. 9.— No trace has as yet
been found of Thomas Dougherty, the old
gentleman who wandered from his horn*
in Gilroy on Friday. Mayor Chesbro
summoned the citizens of the town andi
organized a searching party last evening.
Men have reached the adjacent county"
and the only clew found is that Dough
erty walked through Miller's vineyard
northwest of town, toward the Onslcy
bills. He has not been seen since and tli<i
greatest fears are entertained that ha
has taken his life. Marshal McElroy haa
telephoned to Sheriff Matthews of Sali
nas to inquire if he is at the home of hia
daughter, Mrs. James McCray in Salinas.WHITE MAN
KILLED NEAR
BEAR ISLAND
Pillager Indians Are
Yet Active.
NIGHT ATTACK LOOKED FOR
ARMED CITIZENS GUARD THE
TOWN OF FERRIS.
Friendly to the Number of
a Hundred Go Into Camp
Near the Agrncy
Point.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. PAUL, .Minn.. Oct 9.— A Pioneer
Press special ' ris, Minn., a
• Leech Lake, says:
: here late this evening
killing of a white man near
'. during the day.
ar the Indian res
ervation are seeking shelter In towns
along the railroad. A band of Indians
numbering about 150 w&s reported late
this evenii 1 within two miles
■wn. Armed citizens are
■ing the town, expecting an at
•■:■• night or early in the
i
Indi ■ to be friendly were
and one-half miles
west of here, this evening, trying to
unition.
WALKER, Minn.. Oct. P.— When thy
. ncy thej I
that the friendly Indians had them-
. ering the
■••••..(is whi
nany as fifty of the
- I • ■ kei duty. Now
. - are on the gi ound
tions for defense proba
doned, but there will be
iuts out all the time reaay
ring prompt warning of anything
•
Last night Mah-Ge-Gay-Bow, one of
the lead men of the Bear Island In
dians, arrived on the agency point with
twenty-seven canoe loads of the Bear
Islanders, comprising those who are for
peace; There are seventy-five or 100 in
the party — men, women and children.
They went into camp about five miles
from the agency, and Mah-Ge-Gay-
Bow called on General Bacon at once.
He said he had told the hostiles on the
Islands that he could not go with them;
that he and his friends were for peace
with the white men, and that they
were going to the agency.
"All right," said the hostiles, laconi
cally. "Tell them what we are do
ing," and they allowed Mah-Ge-Gay-
Bow to depart in peace.
"Kah-\Vin-Xin-Ge-Ka-Da." said the
old man. when he was pressed for in
formation as to the number of the hos
tile;;, th^ir present whereabouts and
their intentions for the future. This
being interpreted means: "I don't know
anything more about it."
ir as he knew.
- were killed in the
all say that. As to how
I ually on the
. :■ I ns are dis
■ ■
hundred, and many of
not more than
hirty.
ared a paper which
tlv» It ag asked to sign as
: : !•• the agency. It
ed by more than 100 In
flozen or fifiPt'Ti of
I chiefs, from Flat
ds as follows:
To the Great Father, Washington: We,
the undersipned. the , ■ ■ R-a-Pillager
Indians of the Leech Lak<> reservation in
Minnesota! deplore the outbreak of some
of our brethren on this reservation, and
believe that you desire justice shall be
done in your d^alintrs with us. We have
therefore resolved, in council assembled,
to remain loyal to the United States and
friendly to our white brethren, and we
asrree to use °ur influence with our
friends am! relatives of the Bear Island
Indians to lay down their arms and
qui»?tlv submit, to the authorities of the
United States.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Oct. 9 General
Bacon's orders for the movement of
more troops to the vicinity of Leech
Lake took ninety men from Fort Snell
ing on p. special train last night. Two
companies of the Fourteenth Minnes 'a
[Volunteers are held at uluth, ready Lo
Blurt for points along the Fosston line
of tiie Great Northern, whitn »r the two
batteries of militiamen have preceded
*.hi-p->. and -night ano»h'»r roiiip.*«ny
cf the ] <i:r-ieenth was ordered to take
the trru'r tn-.7iorro\v for points nloncr
tlir.t ram ft road. By to-morrow night
3')o soldiers will he scattered ah around
Leech Lake, protecting settlers and
property from the possible attack of
the uncertain number if Indians now
in arms against the Government, be
cause they object to be taken into court
as witnesses in prosecutions for ille
g3 i selling • f liquor to Indians.
SITUATION GROWS
OMINOUS ONCE MORE
Belief That the Supposedly Friendly-
Indians Are Joining Their
Warlike Tribesmen.
MINNEAPOLIS, Min-. Oct. ».— A
al to the Tribune from Its staff
correspondent at Walker says: The
situation to-night is more ominous than
At the agency to-day n council
was held the Indians, General
Bacon, Colonel  Jndian Agent
Sutherland and Marshal O'Connor. The
result of tl not in any
way like that previously held,
except In the fact thai v.-a one of the
leading men of the different bandi
• nt.
There were, however, representatives
n1 from Bear Island, ("its'; Lake,
Tall I'oint and Fmc Point, but
if these have any influence with
the tribesmen. The only conclusion to
be drawn Is that the leaders of the dif
- i:t men there merely as
stool pigeons, and that others of their
er are now preparing for the war
path.
A most significant fact is this: On
thirty canoe loads of Bear
and their families, pro
: g to be peaceful, arrived at the
agrem 5 . ry one of the bucks
in the party left, but whither they have
gone is only to be surmised. There is
littlo doubt, however, that they have
left for Bear Island to join those who
are already prepared to fight There
must be by this time several .hundred
armed men on the island, and from
what ran be learned to-day many more
are on the r . .ad.
Two or three of the Bear Island men
who are still on the agency have been
questioned in regard to last Wednes
day s battle, but they positively stated
that they knew nothing whatever in
regard to the dead and wounded among
the Indians, and had seen none of those
who were in the fight.
General Bacon answered that the last
council would be held on Monday and
the Indians dispersed.
DYING MAN CREMATED
IN A MISSISSIPPI CHURCH
Terrible Crirt)e Comn)ittecl to Prevent
the Spread of Yellow Fever at
at a Sn)all Inland Town.
JACKSON, Miss.. Oct. 9.— Dr. T. B. Harrison, health officer of Tallahatchle county, to-night makes a re
port to the State Board of Health of a grewsome tragedy near Philips, a small inland town Just over the line
in Le Flore county. I'nknrtwn parties, he reports, burned a dying white man in a church in which he had taken
refuge when attacked with a disease subsequently diagnosed as yellow fever by Dr. Harrison.
A white man. who was evidently a tramp, came into the neighborhood about four days ago. He attract
ed no attention, and was thought to have passed on through the town on his way to one of the stave camps
in the swamp counties. Yesterday morning he was discovered in a negro church in a dying condition. The
nearest physician was at once summoned, and immediately diagnosed the case as yellow fever. No one could
be persuaded to go near the dying man. The State Board of Health was at once wired to send an expert to
confirm the doctor's diagnosis. The tramp had been in the house alone for two days when he was discovered
by negmes going there yesterday to prepare for services to-day.
I >r. Harrison saw that the patient could not recover from the attack of fever. He did not anticipate the
end however, which soon came. Finding it impossible to get any one to stay with the man while he attended
to some necessary calls he was compelled to leave him alone for a few hours. When he returned the church
was in ashes and the body of the tramp had been consumed in flames. There was absolutely no clew to the
persons whose fear of the spread of infection impelled them to adopt this desperate remedy.
SAD HOME-COMING
OF THE McKINLEYS
Silent but Sympathetic
Welcome.
SCENES AT CANTON STATION
PRESIDENT'S WIFE BEARS UP
BRAVELY.
Family Views the Body of the Mur
dered Saxton — Arrangements
for the Funeral, Which
Will Be Private.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CANTON. Ohio, Oct. 9.— The home
coming of President and Mrs. McKin
ley to-day for the funeral of "Jeorge
' D. Saxton was attended with a most
touching and pathetic scene at the rail
way station.
Many people were at the depot when
the train arrived and extended the
party a silent but sympathetic wel
i come. The party arrived at 10:26
! o'clock. M. C. Barber, the President's
brother-in-law, was at the station with
several friends of the family and Dr.
Fauntfelter, who was railed to take
charge of Private John Barber, the sick
soldier.
President and Mrs. McKinley were
the first out of the oar and were assist
ed by George B. Freaz to the carriage
In waiting. Mrs. Barber, Mrs. McKln
ley's sister, followed and was joined by
her husband. John Barber was carried
from the train by his brother George
and by George C. Clark. Mips Helen
McKinley and Mr. and Mrs. Stewart A.
liowman of Loralne, the latter the Pres
ident's ni<->''-, who start, d with the party
from Washington, left the train at
Pittsburgh to take another road.
The President and party wont direct
to the Barber home, which is the old
Saxton homestead, and was the Canton
home of the McKlnleys during the
President's life in Congress. Mrs. Mi -
Kinley showed evidences of the Buffer
ings from the shock ana ol fatigue
from the journey, but bore up remark
ably well and was able to be about
the house.
Both slaters and the President viewed
the remains, which look natural,
none of the marks of the tragedy be
ing exposed on the face or features.
Except when the President, accompa
by Mr. Barber, took a short walk
the party remained at the Barber house
all day.
Many flowers are being received from
sympathetic friends of the President
and the family, Washington friends
having placed many on the train before
It started.
The funeral arrangements were con
cluded after the arrival <-t the party.
They nre to be held from the Barber
home at 2 o'clock Monday afternoon
and will be private. Rev. O. B. Milli
gan pastor of the First Presbyterian
church, will officiate, [nterment will
be In West Lawn Cemetery, in the Sax
ton family lot.
The train bearing the < ablpet and
other officials from Washington to the
omaha Exposition will arrive- in Can
ton Monday evening, and about 9 o clock
the private car of the President will
be attached thereto and he will join th<
party Mrs. McKin'ey, it is not thought
to-night will undertake the trip to
Omaha, but will be with the President
in Chicago. She will remain in Canton
for several days and more than likely
km to Chicago with Mrs. Lafayette Mc-
Williams and Mrs. W. A. Goodman, her
c.rasins who are expected to be here
for the funerai services.
The day brought no new develop
ments in the tragedy. Mrs. George re
mains in jail and has seen no on.- but
Mayor Rice during the day. He was
with her for five minutes. She is to be
arraigned at 10 o'clock Monday morn
ing. Th» Coroner will resume the tak
ing of testimony Monday.
TEN THOUSAND TROOPS
TO BE SENT TO PARIS
Special Orders to Garrisons Near the
City to Send Five Hundred
Men Each.
PARIS. Oct. 9. — The Government has
issued special orders to the garrisons of
numerous towns near the capital to send
Immediately to Paris 500 infantry each.
All the tmops will be supplied with two
days' rations and sixty rounds of ball
cartridges.
The Journal dcs Debats claims that
these reinforcements will amount to I'j.
i>ni men. The paper expresses the hope
that the country is not on the eve of a
revolution.
To-day has passed off quietly. President
Faure, instead of visiting the races at
Longchumps, as he had intended, pru
dently remained to shoot at Kaoouuoi.,
thus avoiding a demonstration.
MEMOIRS OF BISMARCK.
German Paper Declares They Will
Not Be Sensational.
BERLIN. Oct. 9.— The Nord Deutschi
Allgemelne Zeltung declares that the me
moir* of Prince Bismarck Will be found
to contain no sensational disclosures, but
to consist chiefly of grave thoughts ami
recollection? which he has left as a legac\
to the German people.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1898.
WILL TEST THE
POWER OF REA
Suit to Be Brqught by
a Teacher.
DEPOSED WITHOUT CAUSE
REFUSED TO SOLICIT VOTES FOR
THE GANG.
Miss Stockton Will Attack the "Clas
sification System" by Which
the "Boss" Controls the
Schools.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 9.— A suit will short
ly be brought in the Superior Court to
; test the validity of the section of the
, new charter which provides for a clas
sification committee to annually report
Upon the teachers of the various
schools. This committee is the agency
' through which Rea keeps teachers
■ within his power and causes them to
get out and work for gang votes dur
| Ing th^ campaign. It is a bugaboo to
! the average teacher, for those with the
: least bit of Independence or who re
fuse to serve Rea or the MacKenzles
are soon "classified" out.
The step to t«-st this matter lg to be
taken by Mips Fannie Stockton, who
for many years was a teacher in the
Lowell Grammar School. Last June
she, with Minnie Simonda and Mrs. R.
B. Dunlap, were dropped from the de
partment without a word of warning.
Such prominent attorneys as Frank 11.
Gould, of San Francisco, and James 11.
Campbell, of this city, have taken up
(he young lady's fight, and the case
will be thoroughly ventilated in the
courts.
The classification committee that re
moved Miss Stockton was composed of
Trustees Graham and Kenyon. When
approached by friends of th<- teacher
for the reason of her dismissal the only
excuse they gave was that Rea had or
dered it done. They sa.id they knew
Miss Stockton to be a pood teacher and j
wanted to keep her in the department,
but Rea would not listen to their en
i reaties.
The classification committee report
that deposed Miss Stockton was adopt
ed a 1 a secret meeting of the Hoard of
Education that was called by Rea him-
At that time the committee pre
-•■' i >d a printed list of all teachers in
th" department. Lines had been drawn
through the names of those Rea want
ed dropped. This report was not even
signed by the committee at that time,
nor even to this day has it been signed.
s tion 13 of Article IX of the char
ter, which provides for fh^ classifica
tion committee i? as follows:
The committee on classification shall
mnke themselves thoroughly acquainted,
by personal Inspection, with th<- work of
every employe of th*- l»o»ir<l. and it shn!]
he the duty' of this committee, at least
twenty days before the close of the
school year, to make a written report to
the hoard, stating what duties are being
irged by each employe and the na
ture of the service rendered. In this re
port they shall distinctly state what em
shall, in their opinion, be retained
for the ensuing year.
But this Is not all. The second par
agraph of Section 14, Article IX, pro
vides:
All teachers thus elected to permanent
positions in the department who are re
ported upon favorably by a majority of
the committee on classification, shall re
tain th<-ir positions for the ensuing year
without re-election, and shall be remov
able only for cause. No teacher shall be
removed from a position held in the
schools of the city, except by the votes of
four members of the board.
The last clause of this section was
wantonly violated. On the committee
report there was a tie vote. Trustees
Graham and Kenyon voting for it and
Wemple and O'Brien against.
All the teachers in the department
are deeply Interested in the suit, and
their sympathy, which they are obliged
lo express secretly in order to hold their
positions, is with Miss Stockton. The
young lady has hosts of Influential
friends, and these are insisting that the
;,,.»• b* tested and she reinstated.
Her trouble arose because she refused
to get out and work for the gang dur
ing the late charter election.
CAMP SITES ARE PEfTHOLES,
Unsafe to Send Troops to Havana
Before November.
Special rablt> to Tlip Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 18S8, by James Gor
don Bennett.
HAVANA, <>ot. 0. — Colonel Hecker, after
Bpendjng a day inspecting sins fur camps.
announced that the condition of the coun
try is such that it would be extremely un
.... t.> sena troops to Havana much, if
my. before November 10. To land sol
lit is now would mean that they would
fall victims- of fever by whoelsale.
DR. GTJILFORD'S ADMISSION.
No Longer Denies That She Is
Wanted at Bridgeport.
LONDON, Oct. 10.— According to the
Daily Mail. Dr. Nancy (Juilford no longer
leniee that she is. the midwife of Bridge
port, Conn., but declares herself- abso
utely innocrnt of any connection with the
leath of Emma Gill, and says she sailed
or England und<r an as.--.umed name owing
to "another matter which she will explain
it the proper time." She Is now in the
.■lflrmary of the Hnlloway Jail, London,
jufterlng from nervous coilapse.
GAGE'S STRENGTH
IN THE SOUTH
Gratifying Reports From
Seven Counties.
CONSERVATIVE PREDICTIONS
TEN THOUSAND PLURALITY
BELOW TEHACHAPI.
Alarmed Democratic Managers Call
Upon Maguire to Again
Tour Southern
California.
Special I>lsratch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 9.— The reports
from the seven southern counties of the
State— Santa Barbara, Ventura, Or
ange, Riverside, San Bernardino, San
Diego and Los Angeles — ut the head
quarters of the Republican State Cen- I
tral Committee in this city are oi a j
generally encouraging nature.
They indicate that Gage is certain to j
carry all of the seven counties save Or- i
ange and Ventura, and that by proper i
effort he will win in those boroughs.
Judge Magulre and his frienas are j
not satisnea with the results accom- j
plished in this part of the State us h
result at his first tour, and It ha.s been ,
decided to bring the great single-tax
advocate again into Southern Califor
nia.
The second advent of Judge Magruire
will occur in the latter part of the cam
paign.
It seems that the Democratic leaders
are alarmed at the feeling among the
ranchers and farmers down this way
with regard to Jud«e Maguire's single
tax views and he will make the second
tour to explain more explicitly Ur them
what his poaitlon is and how bis elec
tion as Governor would affect the adop
tion of the single ta.\ in tfiis State.
The farmer this way has the Idea that
while Judge Magulre as Governor could
not in his individual official capacity
make the single tax a part <>f the law
of the State if he were elected the
single tax would be advanced as a
principle. This principle they do not
take kindly t". They disagree with
Judge Maguire's theories on the propo
sition and do noi desire a single-tax
agitation. For this reason many <>f
them will vote for Gage who otherwise
would not do bo.
Judge Maguire on his former visit to
this city stated publicly that he would
be perfectly willing If he were con
ducting an individual canvass to make
the single tax an issue. But. as he was
the head of a ticket which included
many other candidates who did not be
lieve as he did he could not follow his
own desires and openly advocate that
proposition from the stump.
Fusion will lose the Democratic State j
ticket in this Bection thousands of votes. I
Many Democrats will vote the straight
Republican ticket,while others will vote
only for the straight Democratic nomi- !
nees. This last element of the party
looks upon Judge Maguire as among the i
Populist nominees Inasmuch as his was
tin- lirst nomination made by the Popu- j
list State convention in July last, over
a month prior to the time the Judge
became the Democratic nominee.
The old-line Democrats, and they are
Bryan Democrats at that, are disgusted
with the fusion principle. They lc-ok
upon the alliance as an unholy one,
which detracts from the honor and dig
nity of the Democratic party, and, as
one of them very aptly put it:
"The only method we have to- cure
this disease is to cut away the proud
flesh. This we can do most effectively
by defeating the alliance from top to
bottom."
This vote Is going to Gage, and it
is going to materially assist him in
bringing a tally sheet to the Tehachapl
mountains which will indicate 10,000
plurality.
The Socialist-Labor party will go on
the official ballot, and by this Gage will
be a gainer In the seven southern coun
ties to the extent of several thousand
votes. Job Harriman is the candidate
of this party, and he comes from this
county. Every vote he receives is a
vote taken away from Magulre. He is
a radical reformer and an excellent
platform speaker. Twice he has
challenged Judge Magulre to a joint
debate, and twice has he been
refused. Mr. Harriman states that
he Is still willing and anxious to
debate the questions of the day with
Judge Maguire on the same platform,
but he does not think that the Judge
will give him the opportunity.
The Republican headquarters of the
Sixth Congressional District is in this
City. William Arthur is in charj;- .-f
the campaign being conducted by R. J.
Waters, the Republican who will after
March 4th next occupy the seat now
held by Charles A. Barlow. Arthur pre
dicts the election of Waters by 2000 ma
jority at a minimum. There is quite a
bolt among the Democrats as to Bar
low. His candidacy was forced upon
the Democracy this year and the price
paid was fusion on the State ticket.
This deal many Democrats are going to
resent by voting for Waters. The La
bor World and Silver Champion openly
expressed its disapproval of the candi
dacy of Barlow in its last issue.
Mr. Barlow has already commenced
his campaign in this county, but he has
not explained anything, and the result
is his name will not receive the X mark
opposite it on the ballot of hundreds of
Democrats.
ALGER EVADING
MAIN QUESTIONS
Fails to Satisfy the War
Investigators.
COVERS ONLY A FEW POINTS
DUMB ON THE SELECTION OF
CAMP SITES
Says Nothing of Suffering Endured
by Troops at Tampa — A Supple
mental Report Will Be
Called For.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Oct. 9.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald sends
the following:: Secretary Alger has sent
an answer to the War Investigating
Commission, which, in the words of one
of the commissioners to me to-night,
"does not answer."
"In the first place,'" said this com
missioner, "we asked who had been in
iluential in selecting the camp sites.
The only answer vouchsafed is that
General Lee selected the camp at Jack
sonville. I do not think any other camp
is mentioned; but this omission will no
di'Ubt be remedied In the supplemental
report for which we will call on Sec
retary Alper."
Secretary Alger's report, in addition
to the Jacksonville eamn matter, covers
only these points: Selection of Tampa
as a point of embarkation; Hear Ad
miral Sampson's disoatch the cause of
hastening troops to Santiago; Commo
dore Remy's spor.k dispatch the cause
of subsequent delay of the troops. Dis
cussion of these topics exhausts the re-
I port. No attempt seems to have been
j made to explain the causes of the hard
: ships suffered by the soldiers in Tampa.
Then the arraignment of Sampson
and Remy is approached with pomp
j and ceremony. As exclusively stated
i in the Herald two days ago, these dis
patches were so managed in Adjutant
General Corbin's report that they
should be emphasized before the com
mission. In the face of the subsequent
: denial of General Corbin, as reported,
comes practically a direct charge from
Secretary Alger th;it the very dispateh
1 quoted so significantly and triurnph
:ly are relied upon by Secretary Al
■ as the chief point of his defense.
"he < "inmissioner who talked with
failed to see how these dispatches
• ■ upon any alleged neglect except in
istant and perhaps irrelevant way.
What we want to know," said he,
why these men suffered, if they did
suffer, unnecessarily. We get no suffi
cient answer in the report."
Secretary Alger will be asked for a
fuller answer.
SHAFTER PLEASED WITH
.WHEELER'S TESTIMONY
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— A Kalamazoo,
Mich., special to the Herald pays: Gen
eral Phafter has been here since last
Thursday, and will remain several days
visiting old friends and scenes of his
boyhood. Speaking of the work of the
War Investigating Commission, Gener
al Shafter said:
"General Wheeler's testimony before
the investigating committee is very
forcible and very convincing, but wait
until the line officers tell their stories.
They will not be as cautious as General
Wh.-Her, and will toll a story that will
not only corroborate General Wheeler,
but be much stronger.
"General Miles and others may say
that this commission is not legal. Per
haps not, but the testimony it Is bring
ing out will satisfy the public that the
stories paraded up and down he land
about neglect and starvation and need
less suffering of troops at Santiago have
been grossly exaggerated for political
purposes." _^_^__^^^^_^_^_
IMMUNES START
FOR PORTO RICO
Sixth Regiment Will Arrive at San
Juan Toward the End of
the Week.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. — Adjutant
Qeneral Corbin received 'he following
telegram this evening: from Colonel Ty
son, commanding the Sixth United
States Tmmunes:
BROOKLYN, N. T., Oct. ?.— Adjutant
General, Washington: Tflcgram directing:
me to proceed to Ban Juan, Porto Rico,
received. Leave to-day. 4 p. m., with 7~n
mpn, 39 officers on board transport stea.m
; ship Mississippi. TYSON. Colonel.
Information reached the War De
partment this afternoon that the Forty
seventh New York had sailed for San
Juan on the transport Minnewaska
from Newport, K. I. Hoth of the regi
ments are due to arrive at San Juan
next Friday.
The occupation of Porto Rico is not
formally to be piven to the American
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales 000,000 Boxes
fm AaBBBmV
POB BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness, Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and nil
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BERCHAM'S PIIXS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Mirk Headache. Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine in the World.
25c. at all Drue Stores.
D ad way's
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causa
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver, Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder. Female Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
stipation, - Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 23 cts. a box. At Druggist*,
or by mall. RADWAY & CO., New York.
forces until the ISth inst. In case the
Spanish authorities object to the land
ing of the regiments at San Juan pricrr
to the date fixed for the occupation of
the island. General Brooks has discre
tionary authority to send them to any
other point on the island.
It is expected that General Brooke
will send three and possibly five regi
ments of volunteers, now in Porto Rico,
back to the United States soon after the
arrival of the troops which sailed to
day. The returning troops are expect
ed to leave Porto Rico probably on
Sunday, the 16th irist. Three of th>- reg
iments to return will be the ThircJ Il
linois, the Sixth Pennsylvania and the
Sixth Massachusetts. General Brooke
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Overcoat |
I [AIJ \ls — has ken anticipated by I
I %y j- v| I us for a long time, and in j
I pap ) Vjj both overcoats for the cold I
\ Mr/ . jf|{ and mackintoshes for the |
\ Jill 4r7|p| rain our present stock, most i
\ ;1 1 |\ |m of which was displayed on I
j 111 Il\l|l| Saturday for the first time, 1
! !1| I l\\l is ty lon £ odds the most 1
j 11 1 jjlipy complete and satisfactory we I
! liillhHjH have ever offered. 1
Our overcoat offerings in- : The mackm- » \\\ » |
: elude only those of distinctive ttusho u she \ that , w< ; \\\\\ |
' . J . . , show nave about v \V\\\ i
; style— as can be made reached the |imit \ S^\ $ 4
I only by the best tailors. " Dres-j o f perfection. v \ I
» siness" is written all over them. There was a * j^3l\ 0\ I
> They're cut to hang with that time when a rub- v /^A)W S^\\ |
> particular style demanded by b . er c . oat f ha t d not V) f\ { J>V V I
> \ .. Jii ■ l a J the faintest sus- /I , \ril 4
; the really swell overcoats made pjcion of style /M\ \Mf\^ 1
I for this season. Just the right! But that time has >iJk S\ iVm i
> length and with every care in passed. The\^i_ \ \ I*/ I
> the finishing. Beautifully lined mackintoshes we \7\ ■■ y\A 1
> also. In latest shades of covert hav !J ust re f ived \,j W v |
> . i ,y v j . are dreams of beau- ._\ j V | |\/ i «
; cloth, Kersey and cassimere. jty and utility. Nona |\ { 'ji\ j.
', that we have ever . | \rl i 4
• seen combine so :\ \\ /y\/\ 4
: We quote prices from perfectly ampli- n \l\ I
,1. ",+._" tude, warmth and ' l\ \ <i
; $8 to $25, and Can graceful outline. Jl\ |\ I
guarantee you greater f rom $3 Dp . ' > |
S values than you have Umb^i7ssocts &sW I
} c Umbrellas 50 cts GB&Jr'
ever known before. and up. # %
d»l? LZ Meo's Handsome
.tpl^ffUc;*. Dress Suits. f
We offer you in this line of suits something . f
■ that will meet your particular views as to fit, style |
and quality of goods. |
Made of the purest woolens, with special i
attention to fit and workmanship, and in the latest f
patterns, including solid colors and light fancy checks $
and plaids, of cassimere, cheviot and worsteds. |>
S. N. WOOD & CO. I
718 Market Street, S. F. I
nr7Yir~n
A prominent vocal instructor, living in one of the prosperous cities of
Connecticut, relates a curious experience: "In learning," she says, "to
properly place and sustain the tone, pupils sometimes feel a faintneea anddiz-
siness arising from the peculiar action of the diaphragm and the effort of con-
trolling of the breath. I have known a girl to actually have to sit down for
fear of fainting. I became convinced that the difficulty came from a weak
Stomach and talked with my physician about it. He was inclined to think
that I had the right solution of the trouble. Some time after that I, from
time to time, gave a Ripans Tabule to a pupil, suggesting that it be taken
before coming to the next lesson. The effect was precisely what I had hoped.'
. The pupils were relieved of the difficulty and able to take the full half hour of ;
vocal exercise without any of the old trouble. It seems a queer use to soaks
*i A H&edicuae. but it was "affeciiv*."
may select two other regiments to re
turn, but thus far the department has
not been advised what regiments they
WIU be.
A transport sailed to-day from San
tiago for Ponce to bring back some of
the American troops to the United
States.
Basket Ball League Formed.
SEATTLE, Oct. 9.— On Saturday night
thp Y. M. C. A. Paoiti.- Northwest Basket
Ball Lpaguc was formed In this City. It in
cludes the teams from Portland. Tacoma
and Seattle. Kach team will play four
games, tho t^am winning the cha"rnpion
shlp to be sent to San Francisco to meet
the champion Y. M. C. A. team of Cali
fornia.
34
MONDAY OCTOBER 10, 189S
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All CommunicationsJ^^J^J^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE 6AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In tb's city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
tSEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri£4« Hove*
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Maisonette Building
C.GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Repj^sentatlro.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 62' McAlMster street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock- i
194 i Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market j
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "Tho Dancing- Girl."
Columbia- -Elizabeth, Queea of EDrland."
Airier- "Thi Wife "
Morocco's- -The Lights o London'"
Tlvoll—" The Circus Queen."
Crphoum— Vaudeville.
New Comedy Theater—" The Signal of Liberty."
Aihambra, Eddy and Jones streets-- Vaudevilla
She Chutes— Metro Marino, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Ciympla— Corner Mason and EaUy etrecta— Speoialue*
Sutro"s Baths— S-vrlmmicg.
Central Park— Circus. Saturday, October 16.
Y. M. C, A. Auditorium— next Saturday afternoon.
Rosenthal— Coming In February.
TRODE IN GOOD CONDITION.
NOTHING could be more auspicious than the
opening of the crop year of 1898-99. The early
and frequently recurrent rains have started the
green feed all over the northern part of the State and
promise a copious rainfall later on, though it is too
early yet to make rash predictions. California
winter weather is beyond human prediction, and it is
a common remark that the longer a man lives in the
State the less he knows about the weather. But thus
far the conditions are brilliant. True, some grapes
have been spoiled and some drying fruit has been
caught out in the wet here and there, but the aggre
gate benefit greatly outweighs these scattering draw
backs. There is a feeling of confidence all over the
State. Stocks of ail kinds of farm produce are light
and prices are good, and the lightness of supplies al
assures profitable returns for the coming sea
son's output. Country credits are accordingly on a [
sound basis, the farmers have lately regained much
of the ground lost during the past four or five years,
and the State seems to be entering upon a period of j
prosperity which bids fair to last for at least a year
longer.
General trade, however, is not especially active,
though it cannot be called actually dull. The bank
clearings of San Francisco, as frequently mentioned
of late, have been running behind for some weeks,
though the decrease has been small. As an offset to
this, however, the failures throughout the State have
been few, and as a rule confined to small concerns.
Money is in abundant supply at the usual rates of in
terest, and a good many old scores have been wiped
out by the farmers during the past year. Another
I year will greatly reduce the farming indebted
of the community. It is this condition more
than any other that creates the widespread feeling of
confidence mentioned above. We are essentially a
producing State, and anything that benefits the farmer
increases the commercial activity of all the cities and
s in the State. It is this condition upon which
we are new apparently entering.
But while the feeling in State produce, both rural
and urban, is firm, the outward movement of produce
and merchandise is rather slow. Canned fruits are
active and going to the East and Europe in large
quantities, but cereals, dried fruit and wool are slug
gish. Wine is doing rather better of late, and hops
are selling well at prices which net the grower good
returns. The local manufactories are running their
average force and putting out the usual amount of
goods at a fair profit on the investment, as shown by
the uniformity with which the monthly dividends are
declared. Trade, therefore, is in a normal condition,
and bids fair to continue so for some time to come.
The greatest activity, however, is exhibited by the
farmers, who. encouraged by the early rains and the
high prices for this year's produce, are seeding vast
areas and getting them in early. Generally the farmers
are apt to overdo a good thing, but this danger is
hardly probable this year owing to the extreme light
ness of stocks, which almost insures practically bare
markets next spring and summer.
In the East the conditions are tame and uninter
esting. The weekly commercial reports sing the
same old song of smaller failures, fluctuating bank
clearings, a lively iron market, extreme depression
in the wool trade, low-water prices for cotton, a
brisk distributive trade in the West and Northwest,
and an unsteady market for wheat. A gradually ex
tending yellow fever quarantine In the South has
checked business more or less in that section. Still,
the general aggregate 5s favorable, as the bank clear
ings show a small gain of 4.7 per cent over the same
week last year.
Wall street is having a period of tips and downs at
present. Speculation in railway shares has fallen off
lately, notwithstanding the increased earnings re
ported by most roads. The growing ease of the
money market has stimulated purchasing of bonds,
but neither this nor the continuance of gold imports
seems strong enough to revive the flagging spirits of
the speculative community. The industrial stocks,
notably tobacco and sugar, ruled soft all the week.
A noteworthy feature at present h the failure of
the colonial boom to pan out as expected a few weeks
ago. It may be that the public are cautious about un
duly rushing into investments in Cuba and the Phil
ippines, but at any rate not much is heard about
either of these propositions now. It takes vast
amounts of money to exploit these colonial schemes,
and perhaps the public have found it out. To be
sure, many Antillean enterprises have been floated,
but not to the extent anticipated during the war,
when the excited American imagination pictured a
wholesale rush to Cuba and Luzon immediately after
the cessation of hostilities. It may be, however, that
capital is waiting for the consummation of actual
peace, for it must be remembered that the present sit
uation is merely a cessation of hostilities and that
peace itself yet remains to be declared. So the ex
rected rush may occur later, though there is cer
tainly very little enthusiasm shown about it at the
moment.
THE PARTIES AND THE NATION.
AN illustration of the striking contrast between
the attitudes of the two great political parties
of the country was given recently in the re
ports from the East, one containing the letter of
Roosevelt, who speaks for the Republicans, and the
other the plank of national issues adopted in the plat
form of the Democratic State Convention in Massa
chusetts.
Mr. Roosevelt, after pointing out that national
problems are paramount this year, and that "it is not
more possible to conduct a State election now with
out regard to national issues than it was possible so
to conduct one in 1861 or 1863," went on to say:
"The issues for honest money, for protection to
American industry, for the upbuilding of a merchant
marine adequate to carry our commerce with the
world, and to form a naval militia in times of war,
are as vital this year as they were in the great cam
paign of 1896. Moreover, we must strengthen our
navy and build up our army so that they may bo
equal to meet every demand made upon them."
In that statement is outlined a broad and compre
hensive scheme of national policy. It is a platform
that appeals to patriots. Its purposes include the
grandeur of the nation and the welfare of industry.
It is addressed to no mean passion or prejudice,
nor is it designed to excite class antagonisms. On
the contrary, its promises are for all the people and
for all sections of the Union. All loyal hearts can
respond to it and loyal votes be given for it.
Now note the contrast in the sentiments of the
opposite party. The Democrats of Massachusetts in
their State platform declare: "The military adminis
tration during the recent war has been a stigma on
the history of the republic and a disgrace to civiliza
tion. The army which sprang into existence has been
made the prey of incompetents and favorites, who
have fattened on the sorrows of the American sol
diers. The brave men who fought our battles in the
West Indies were left without adequate food, medi
cine or surgical assistance. '
In that declaration there is nothing but falsehood
and folly. At the very time it was being prepared for
submission to the Democratic convention General
Wheeler was in Washington giving testimony before
the War Investigation Commission and saying that
the stories of suffering were exaggerated, there had
been no neglect, that the hardships had been only
such as are inevitable in a campaign hastily made,
and that the spirit of the army was such there was no
disposition to complain.
The issue before the people is whether the affairs
of the Government shall be committed to the charge
of a party with a broad national policy, or to men
who have no policy save that of denouncing and
maligning the administration and the army. Are
we to have statesmen in Congress or a wild set of
calamity howler?'
TEACHING HATRED.
BAILEY of Texas, the Democratic leader in the
House of Representatives, has been making
himself very busy during the campaign and has
apparently started out to stump the Union. It seems
from the tenor of his speeches that he is by no
means satisfied with the way tilings are going, and is
hurrying all around the country in an endeavor to
get his party and its leaders into decent shape.
One of the things to which he objects most stren
uously is the tendency of the time to align political
parties along lines of sectional interests and class an
tagonisms. Thus he is reported to have said in his
speech at Indianapolis: "My countrymen, no crime
is greater in this beloved country of ours than the
crime of those narrow and bigoted politicians who
testify their love of country by trying to teach their
countrymen to hate each other "
The language of the statement is somewhat strong,
but there is no questioning the soundness of the sen
timent. Mr. Bailey is doubtless well aware that it is
his own party, or at least its chosen representatives,
who are most persistent and most outrageous in their
efforts to arouse class antagonisms.
As a full report of the speech has not reached us,
we cannot be certain to what particular set of poli
ticians Mr. Bailey wr.s referring when he made it,
but it sounds very much like a condemnation of the
whole Bryanite clique who took possession of the
Democratic party in 1896 an<? are now running it as
a species of Populism without the sincerity which
animated the original Populist movement.
If Bailey had made his speech in California the pas
sage quoted would have been recognized at once and
by everybody as a rebuke to Maguire. That candi
date of the fused factions is the most conspicuous
representative on this coast of the class of "narrow
and bigoted politicians who testify their love of coun
try by trying to teach their countrymen to hate each
other." He is the man who, in this community, next
after the Examiner, is the most persistent force tend
ing to stir up strife between what he and the Exam
iner call "the clashes and the masses."
It is gratifying tint the leader of the Democratic
party in the House of Representatives has perceived
the danger to the nation and the disaster to his own
party that exists in that form of campaigning. It is
to be wished he will have the courage to live accord
ing to the new light that has dawned upon him. If
he made his Indianapolis speech with any intent of
heading oft Altgeld and other agitators of class strife.
we fear he has entered upon a forlorn hope; but if
it is to be construed merely as a sign of his own re
pentance, he may yet prove to be a useful member
of Congress, not to h.13 district only, but to the whole
Unton.
THE SCHOOL LUMBER STEAL.
THE Grand Jury is said to have satisfactorily es
tablished the fact that certain contractors, act
ing by authority of the Board of Education,
have succeeded in stealing 500,000 feet of lumber
from the School Department. Or, to state the case
in more technical language, that the board has paid
for that number of feet which was never delivered —
a method of stealing adopted by the contractors as
mere convenient than actually hauling the lumber to
the schoolhouses and then carting it away.
But the jury is unable to indict anybody. It knows
the names of the guilty parties; it can, in fact, put
its hand on the School Directors who are responsible
for the theft, and it could at a moment's notice hale
the rascally lumber dealers into court. The District
Attorney, however, advises that while the evidence
upon which the jury might act shows malfeasance in
office or conspiracy to defraud, no indictment can be
found because both these offenses are misdemean
ors and not punishable by indictment or information.
So the Grand Jury is going to content itself with a
report to Presiding Judge Belcher in which it will
''roast" the culprits.
At this juncture it cannot fail to occur to an out
sider that an important question remains to be an
swered. If the luniber thieves of the School Depart
ment cannot be indicted or prosecuted by informa
tion, what is the matter with somebody arresting
them for misdemeanor? Malfeasance in office is
cognizable by the Superior Court, and a conspiracy
to defraud may be tried before a jury. Why pause
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAKL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 189s.
at a report which can result in nothing but smoke?
The School Department ring will laugh at such a
fulmination, while a warrant in the Police Court
might turn its humor into consternation.
The offense committed by the conspirators of the
School Board is especially grave because it has been
consummated in the sacred name of education.
These men have stolen money devoted by the pub
lic to the education of the children of the people, and
they have committed the crime while discharging a
trust which ought to bring with it the highest moral
responsibility. They are, therefore, worse than or
dinary thieves. Indeed, stopping stages is respectable
business compared with stealing the money of school
children.
If the Grand Jury knows the names of the villains
It should swear out warrants for their arrest at once.
It would be some satisfaction to land them, if only
for a few minutes, among the fleas and cockroaches
which infest the City Hall police station. Their
"pull" would probably soon get them out, but the
mark of disgrace would be placed upon them. That
might not trouble them much, but it would perhaps
discomfit them for a few minutes at least
ELECT REPUBLICAN SUPERVISORS.
THE men named by the Republicans for Super
visors have the peculiar advantage of not hav
ing been selected by Phelan, or any other boss.
They are strong, clean men, such as would be above
forming "Solid Eights" or "Solid Nines" for the loot
ing of the city. They have also for the most part
the added advantage of not having been indorsed by
the Non-Partisan partisans, a clique oi the dis
gruntled too cowardly to make open war, and given
to stabbing in the back. They can be serenely secure
in the knowledge that the Phelan-Fitch sideshow
management has not presumed to trot them out as
exhibits. To this circumstance they owe a part of
their strength.
The fact cannot be brushed aside that the present
Board of Supervisors is made up of men selected by
Mr. Phelan. That it is a rotten and incompetent
body there will be no denial. Even the maker of
it became disgusted and tried to oust it. It has read
ily adapted itself to every opportunity to create a
scandal and line its pockets. The few good members
are over-ridden by the bad. Against the reputation
of Lackmann there has been no word. He has met
the opposition of the Mayor. For once the potency
of the executive failed. So loud was the clamor for
the re-election of this gentleman that the Mayor had
to consent to his receiving a place on the ticket. Thus
he appears on the Republican list and both the Dem
ocratic lists. It is as a Republican he will be elected.
The Democrats merely want to steal thunder. When
there is nothing else in sight, they will steal thunder.
Voters should follow the plan of making a cross
after the name of every Republican nominee for Su
pervisor. There is too much at stake to admit of any
scratching. The city has had one Phelan board. It
wants no more. It cannot afford to have any more.
It must display regard for its reputation, as well as
for its purse.
BOSSES AND MONGRELS.
CHARLES J. BONAPARTE of Baltimore in a
recent review of the many serious objections
to the annexation of the Philippine Islands di
rected attention not only to the incapacity of the
mongrel races of the islands to administer their own
affairs, but to the evil effects which would result from
the attempt to apply our system of boss politics to
the government of such races.
In the course of his review he said: "Imagine our
own old 'ring' or the worthies of the 'Anti-Civil Ser
vice JLeague' set to rule over millions of poor, ignor
ant, half-savage Malays thousands of miles from
home and with no one to either discover or punish
their enormities except the same politicians who had
given them their places in return for dirty work!
Such an administration would constitute a veritable
political Sodom, fit to call down fire from heaven.
And yet no one can reasonably doubt that such men
and none other would be chosen to govern any such
dependency. A little island like Guam, a wilderness
such as Alaska was, might be allowed by Congress to
have for a time a purely military and therefore fairly
honest and efficient government, but it would be an
idle dream to think that our 'statesmen* could keep
their eager fingers out of such a dish as the patronage
attendant on the government of eight or ten millions
of people! To expect this would be as absurd as to
hope for a Congress of honest men."
The soundness of that statement is beyond dispute.
Once the Philippine Islands arc under the control of
the United States it will not be possible to keep them
long under the supervision of the army as military
colonie3. The spoilsmen of politics will demand
that the offices in the islands be included among the
spoils that go to the victor.
The Philippines would become a place where the
bosses would put up the most pliant of their push and
pull. The government would be a mixture of ring
sters and mongrels, and the result would be a cess
pool of corruption in comparison with which any
thing produced by boss rule among our own commu
nities would be like the sweet fields of Arcady.
Hopeful Barry, wiping the honest expectoration
from his countenance, remarks that the new-born
labor papers are to be shunned like so many rattle
snakes. The allusion to rattlesnakes is unfortunate.
Not very long ago the same gentleman said the
militia of Pennsylvania ought to be killed like rattle
snakes. A little later, when these same Americans
passed through this city on the way to Manila, no
body manifested any desire to slay them, and even
the Barry hand was stayed. When they made a gal
lant stand under Spanish fire the idea that they ought
to be killed failed to flash through the American
mind. In fact, when Barry has snakes he should not
put his tremens on exhibition. The spectacle tends
to show that he is as well equipped for service in Con
gress as a cow for skating.
It is thoughtless of the Star to say the city is being
bunkoed in the matter of the lease of a cyclery for
police purposes. The entire deal has been engineered
by sundry gentlemen whom Mayor Phelan insisted
must be placed on the Board of Supervisors and the
School Board.
The gentlemen arranging the peace banquet at
Chicago have generously excluded California wines,
but unless watched closely they will manage to work
in a course of local bacon and decorate the tables
with cubes of pressed beef bearing the brands of lead
ing citizens.
Barry says Phelan has made an ideal Mayor, and
Phelan thinks Barry would make an ideal Congress
man. The beautiful manner in which these opinions
dovetail is one of the most pleasing coincidences of
the campaign.
Spain might as well conclude now as later that the
United States Government has no intention of pay
ing for territory which it ha 9 gone to the trouble to
win by force of anna.
IRRIGATION
OF ARID LANDS
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 9, 1898.
Editor San Francisco Call: I received
with my mail at my home last Sunday
a copy of The Call of the 27th of Sep
tember marked "X," which I was glad
to get, as it contained the editorial,
"Better than Imperialism," comment
ing on the enormous benefits that
would result from the irrigation of the
arid lands of the West. I almost al
ways get The Call, but sometimes when
I am away in the interior I miss it. and
I would esteem the favor very highly
if you would have a copy sent to me
containing any editorial matter relat
ing to irrigation.
It occurred to me in reading this edi
torial that it might perhaps have es
caped your notice when you said "the
proposition of course does not come
within the domain of practical politics,"
that it really does in this campaign in
California, and I have been rather sur
prised that so little attention has been
given to this great subject in the cam
paign. The Republican party is the
only one which has pledged its repre
sentatives in Congress to a national
policy which would result in the con
struction of Federal storage reservoirs
and the utilization of the wasted water
supplies of California and the reclama
tion of the arid public domain.
A few days ago I received a letter
from Dr. Clarke Gapen, now of Madi
son, Wis., who was formerly for a num
ber of years the superintendent of the
Illinois Hospital for the Insane at Kan
kakee, 111., and while there made some
Very successful experiments on quite
a large si'ale to show the Increased
production of lands in the humid re
gions by what he calls the supplemen
tary Irrigation. In his letter to me he
says:
"Less than a year ago I was asked
by the principal of one of the schools
of Chicago to look over a group of
childi en afflicted with various forms of
nervous disease. A more pitiable spec
tacle I never looked upon, and what
made it especially so was the fact that
in th<"> whole group there was nut a sin
gle case which was not due to lack of
air and food. Not a single one of the
could be helped in the least with
out fr.-sh air and good food, and these
were both Impossibilities to these poor
creatures, innocent of all misdoings for
which they could be paid to be responsi
ble. We <an never Justly claim to be
civilized while these things be. The
Government ought to make habitable
the present waste places and put thou
sands of those poor sufferers on them.
Can we not do this as well as to spend
th^ thousands we are spending on alien
races? I believe in uplifting charity to
all mankind, but home is a good begin
ning place."
GEORGE H. MAXWELL.
Th|E UNITED
LABOR PARTY
To the Editor of The Call— Dear Sir:
In the issue of The Call of even date
there appears an article headed, "Ticket
Refused Filing." It refers to an at
tempt made by one James Smiley, to
Impose upon Registrar Biggy. The
simple truth is that this alleged United
Labor party as represented by Smiley
has no existence in fact, but was en
deavoring to usurp the rights of an
other party which has labored hard
and long in the interests of labor, and
has been recognized throughout the
State for more than a decade.
As you have given so much space to
the Smiley episode we beg leave to
make reply so that our nominees and
the main body of the voters may fully
understand our true status.
The United Labor party of Califor
nia has filed its State ticket and con
templates the filing of its municipal
ticket at an early date. Permit me
through the columns of your paper to
pay that Mr. Smiley has nothing to do
with this organization nor had he any
authorization to act from our State or
County Commltee. It will be danger
ous for another fak-T to undertake a
similar trick. Futhermore, in this
mm-nine's issue of your paper appears
an official draft of the State ticket to
be voted at the coming election in No
vember. By what I take to be a typo
graphical error the name of P. B. Gal
lagher appears as the nominee of the
Socialist Labor party for Superinten
dent of Public Instruction.
P. B. Gallagher is the nominee of
the United Labor party for the office
named, and has received no other nom
ination or indorsement.
WILLIAM P. GRACE.
Chairman State Committee United
Labor narty.
San Francisco. October 9. IS9B.
AN ISSUE
IS WANTED.
Editor of The Call: "Wanted by the
■ ratio party — An issue for this cam
paign,"
The above, signed hy the Democratic
State Central Committee, should be in
serted in all the public prints of Califor
nia from now until election day.
It is very evident that the Democracy
of California is without an issue, and
perhaps by the means above suggested
some Democratic Cromwell or Joan of
Arc may bring forth that which James
O. Maguire and the Examiner have beea
endeavoring to manufacture.
Maguire and a hust of other Democratic-
Populist, Silver-Republican and any-old
thlntf spell-binders, as well as the Ex
aminer, have been circulating about the
State telling the people that the single
tax question is not an issue In this cam
paign. All right, it isn't.
Now as to the railroad question. Mr.
Maguire says that is an issue. For the
sake of argument, I will admit that/
Ax if to prove the fact, the Examiner
placet; before its readers, in black type
(as U' to make up for the common sense
which it lacks) a long article on the ques
tion.
Notwithstanding the fact that Senator
John T. Morgan and other eminent Dem
ocrats have declared that the refunding
bill has been satisfactorily disposed of,
the Examiner finds it necessary to devote
half a pase of its space to the same old
anti-railroad. anti-Huntington cry, and,
as if to clinch the argument, the article
says: "Suppose Maguire were defeated
and a Legislature elected to send a Hun
tington man to the Senate, how about
San Pedro harbor?" Too bad. The writer
of that article should be informed that
the San Pedro harbor matter was settled
in a manner satisfactory to the people of
California at the last session of Con-
Toward the end of this article the
writer says something about anarchy in
the event of Mngulre's defeat. I would
advise the gentleman that the less said
in a Maguire paper about anarchy the
better it will be for Maguiro.
Truly, the fusion job-chasers are sadly
in need of an issue. Be charitable. Mr.
Editor. Have the first sentence of this
communication printed amonp your want
ads. WILL L. OVERSTREET.
Berkeley. October 6. IM*.
A NON-PARTISAN *
MAKES REPLY
To the Editor of the San Francisco
Call— Dear Sir: Under date of October 6
there appeared In the columns of The
Call a communication headed "A Non-
Partisan Piece Club"' and signed "A For
mer Non-Partisan." A few words in re
ply. The convention just closed was the
fourth since the Non-Partisan party was
called into existence, at which time both
national parties were dominated by cor
rupt political bosses. It is a well-known
fact that the gentlemen composing the
Non-Partisan convention are men with
established reputations, many of them
men of wealth and heavy tnxpnA-ers, to
whom it is most ridiculous to apply the
epithet of "Piece Club." Your correspond
ent, claiming to have been an active
member of the organization, should know
these facts from association. What mo
tive induces him to distort the truth and
vilely insinuate and apply the term
"Piece Club" to an organization whose
members net only give their valuable
time for the sole object of improving the
political condition of our municipal af
fairs, but in addition assess themselves to
pay the expenses of these conventions,
meeting- promptly all claims, andof which
an accurate record has been preserved
and is open for the closest inspection by
any citizen who has a;i interest In doing
so? The Non-Partisan party stands for
the best interests of this city. It is not
dominated by any man or set of men.
Kvery member is his own "boss-." We
simply make use of the American privi
lege of meeting and associating for clean
politics, using no undue influence, but
leaving to the good judgment of the
voter to approve our recommendations.
The motive, therefore, of your corre
spondent cannot be other than a vicious
one, having for its origin some persona,
grievance. The attempt to belittle the
writer by slurring insinuations is be
neath my notice. To the charge that I
am interested In church work, moral re
form and good government I plead
puilty C. B. PERKINS.
San Francisco, October 8, 1898.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
J. Weil, a merchant of Sanger, Is at the
Grand.
Frank S. Boggs Jr. of Stockton Is at the
Palace.
Rev. D. Maher of Forest Hill is a guest
at the Baldwin.
State Senator Thomas Flint Jr. is regis
tered at the Palace.
C. A. H. Warfleld. Sheriff of Merced
County, is at the Lick.
S. Morris, a mining engineer of Chines©
Camp, is at the Lick.
C. 11. Sohively, a mining man of Oro
ville, is at the Baldwin.
J. C. Ericksen, a cattleman of Humboldt
County, is at the Russ.
Frank 8. Christie, a mining man of
Sanders, B. C, is at the Grand.
O. A. Tillson. the well known lawyer of
Modesto, is a guest at the Lick.
Captain Frank Barret, the oil man of
Los Angeles, is a guest at the Lick.
E. J. Louis, a member of the San Diego
Board of Education, is at the Palace.
Charles Ericksen, the railroad contrac
tor, and his wife, are guests at the Grand.
W T. Solomon, W. G. French and lD.
Stark of New York are guests at the Pai-
E. S. Harrison, a merchant of bt.
Helena, accompanied by hia wife, is a
guest at the Russ.
T A. Sauder of Sacramento, a past
grand protector of the Knights and
Ladles of Honor, is a guest at the Grand.
TV N Marshall and O. S. Osborn, min
ers who have stmek fortunes on Minook
Creek have Just returned from the Klon
dike and are guests at the Baldwin,
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Tickers Sons & Maxim at Barrows
have got a contract from the Japanese
Government to build a battle-ship of lo,ouo
tons for $4,650,000. _
Italy will use Belleville boilers in the j
ships 'under construction and will also in- ;
stall them in some of the older vessels in
which the old boilers have given out.
The Almirante Brown, armored ship of \
4200 tons belongs to Argentina, and ;
built in ISM by Samuda at PpPjax, mar
London, was the tirst armored ship built ;
of steel and also the first vessel in which j
steel-faced armor was placed.
The military fighting top on shlps-of
war appears to be going out of fashion,
•in the French navy the tops have been
removed from tweny-flve ships and low- i
ered in seven. In the British navy there (
have been thirteen removals and nine low- ,
erlngs. Italy has discarded the tops in
four ships. Russia has done likewise in
two vessels, and in the Japanese and
Spanish navies the tops have been lowered
from their elevated heights down to on a
line just above the conning towers on two
and three ships, respectively.
According to Lord Brassey's statement !
the number of trained seamen in the Brit- j
ieh navy exclusive of reserves,. is 106.000. j
France 'has 30,000, Russia 32,000 and Ger- j
many -
The Naval and Military Record gives |
the following results of recent gunuery
pratcice in the British navy:
; 33
I
n
n
g
GUNS.
—
? i
40 of 16.25 inch or ISH
12 of 12 inch
2S of 9.2-lnch
124 of 6-Inch quick-firers
:-i of 6-inch quick-firer^ converted.
196 of 4.7-inch quick-firers ,
"178 371
47 13
207 67
917 : 819
57S 155
,114 710 i
27 1
32
24
2i
26 |
The averages appear very fair, but in |
the absence of conditions and distances j
under which the hits were made are some
what unsatisfactory.
M Lockroy. Minister of Marine, is j
greatly pleased with the results of the tar- j
get practice of the battle-ships Brennus,
Jeauregiiiberry, Charles Martel and Ma
genta and .the cruisers Chauzy and Gali
lee, which took place last month off Tou
lon. The old floating battery Arrogante,
built of iron in 1864, protected with 44 S 8
inches of iron, served as a target at a dis
tance of about two miles from the tiring- I
ships, and was sunk in less than fifteen i
minutes. The French squadron fired live
hundred projectiles, ninety of which were j
of 13V2-inch caliber. The total number of !
hits were 30 per cent, a very high percent
age, and M. Lockroy claims that the skill
of French naval gunnery is superior to
that of the Americans, as In the battle off
Santiago only 3 per cent were hits. The
comparison under such dissimilar condi- j
tions is hardly fair, for In the Santiago
affair it was a running fight with varying j
distances and a return fire from the flee- j
ing enemy. At Toulon the distance was
known to exactness, and the firing was at
an inanimate object and the skillful grun
ners on the six ships had no occasion to
get nervous, as there were no return
shots.
It is nearly two years since the British
cruisers Terrible and Powerful passed
through their steam trials. The latter ship
steamed to China and failed to make a.
record, and It Is only quite recently that
the alleged troubles with her engines have
been remedied and she is claimed to be as
fast as Intended. The Terrible has not as
yet had a foreign commission, but has
been undergoing overhaulings and passed
through trials since January, 1597, and is
now at last claimed to come up to the an
ticipations of the admiralty. The trials
have been quite severe, including 1 sixty
hours at sea under 15.000 horsepower, sixty
hours under 18,000, eight hours under 22,000
and lastly four hours under 25,000 horse
power. The eight-hour trial on a mean
draught of 2S feet 6 inches, or eighteen
inches over the normal draught, resulted
In 23,053 horsepower and a speed, by log, of
2ii. 7 knots. The boilers carried 235 pounds
of steam and the revolutions worked up to
a mean of LO4.S. Two days after—Septem
ber 15 — the shin passed through her four
hours' trial in the channel under fu!! pow
er. Unfortunately a heavy fog interrupted
the trial, and on the second attempt she
was equally unfortunate. It was. how
ever, thought expedient to take the means
of the results of the two interrupted
trials, which gave 25,112 horsepower and a
speed of 21.9 knots by log.* The steam was
at 235 pounds and the revolutions 108.57.
The ship was down to a mean draught of
88 feet I - Inches, making her displacement
luarly in*) tons over the normal draught
capacity. As compared with the results
In January, 1897, the ship was then down
to 27 feet, the engines developed 25.572
horsepower and the speed was logged at
22.41 knots. The recent performance shows
a falling off of 460 horsepower and a re
duction In speed of .31 knots, the latter
being probably due to the increased dis
placement of the ship or, perhaps, to the
vagaries of the log. While the two mon
ster cruisers cannot be termed as failures,
yet it is entirely unlikely that they will
', be duplicated.
NEWSPAPER WAIFS.
"Yes, sir," said the man in cell 711,
"time was when I was admitted to the
very best houses." "And what brought
; you here?" "They caught me coming
, out."— Tit-Bits.
-Here is my pieture-'The Garden of
I Eden. Why. man, you're crazy! This
is a winter scene." "Of course it . is-thatj
a picture of the Garden after the fall.
Truth.
"What a precocious child that boy of
Triwins'a is!" exclaimed the cross-gTam
ed citizen. "Why, it sits for hours
I out saving a word." "I know it. That^s
more than its mother can do."--Wa*hlng-
I ton Star.
She-You never did care form*. You
only married me for my monej . "c-
Now yon are not only cruel but absurd
I should like to know how I cou , ld Jl*^?
got your money any other waj .— Bston
) Transcript.
Why He Refused Hlra.-Touns PMt-
Why do you refuse me as a son-in-law .
Is it because I lack merit? Pa te J*am"aa
-Oh, no; it is simply on accoun .of lacK
of space. We are really crowded for room
here now. — Judge.
"Grandpa." said Kathleen very seri
ously, "I want to ask your advice. xe °-
darling; what is it?" asked the c > d sent lo
nian. "I want to know what jou tninK
it will be best for you to give me on my
birthday."— Tit-Bits.
Mr. Floody— Now, Franklin, my son. I
have at last made the great fact of the
evolution of Bpeciea clear to you. nave i
not? Franklin Floody— Oh, yes, papa;
I understand! Before I was born you ana
mamma were monkeys." — Truth.
Guest (in restaurant)— Did you wait on
me yesterday?
Waiter- Yes, sir. You ordered a medium
sirloin steak. Will you have the same
thing again to-day?
Gnest — Yes. I guess you may as well
bring it to me again if it Isn't in use.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
REPUBLICAN CLUB— O. T. R., City.
There Is a Republican club in the Thirty
fourth Assembly District.
TEMPERANCE— Q., City. The first
temperance society in the United States
was organized in Saratoga County, New
York, in 1808.
POPULATION-C. G., City. The latest
figures as to the population of the Ger
man empire are those of 1896, which are
62.246,589, and those of _ France are those
of l^M, and are 38,517.475.
CONSOLIDATION ACT — Subscriber,
City. The consolidation act was approved
April 19. 1866, and is entitled "An act to
repeal the several charters of the city
and county of San Francisco, to establish
the boundaries of the city and county ot
Ban Fi-ancißCO .and to consolidate the gov
ernment thereof." That act and acts sup
plementary thereto can be found m the
reference room of the San Francisco Free
Public Library.
ELECTRICIAN— E. McL., City. To be
come an electrician you should apply
yourself diligently to the study of elec
tricity and its uses, as there are many
books on the subject. If not able to mas
ter the science by yourself attend a spe
cial BChool where it is taught, then offer
your services to some electrical cora-
The pay at first is a matter of ar
rangement between the company and the
applicant, depending much upon his
knowledge and ability as well as inclina
tion to work.
GOLD IN CI'BA-G. "W. F.. Oakland.
Cal Gold and silver have been found on
the island of Cuba, but the natives never
brought out any in paying- quantities.
There is, however, no telling what Ameri
can enterprise may do in the development
of the mining industries of that country.
Traces of auriferous sand have been
found in the Holguin and Essamby rivers.
and specimens of fine wold have been dis
covered in Agalum and Sagua la Grande.
Silver and copper have been found In
Villa Carra, the product of silver being
about seven ounces to the quintal, ihero
nrP r ioh copper mines twelve miles from
Santiago de Cuba.
NATIONAL, HYMN— A. S.. City. The
most distinctly German national airs are
the Emperor's hymn, hy Haydn, enti
tled "Gott erhalte Franz der Kaiser"
(God save Franz, the Emperor), the na
tional hymn of Austria, and "Die Wacht
am Rhein"' (the Guard on the Rhine). Sir
George Grove in his "Dictionary of
Music and Musicans" says: " 'Die
Wacht am Rhein' is a German volkslied,
which during the Franco-Prussian war
of I^7o-71 was so popular as to become
a national song."
"De Waeht am Rhein" is the compan
ion of the famous Rhine song:, "Sle sol
len inn nioht haben. den frien. Deutschen
Rhein," and it leads the German na
tional songs.
PRE-EMPTION AND HOMESTEAD—
Subscriber, City. The pre-emption laws
of the United States can I id in the
Revised Statutes at the Free Public
Library, reference room: and in the same
volume are the United States Homestead
laws: The pre-emption laws provide for
vesting the title to parts of public lands—
not more than 160 Hrivs to ne person — in
such settlers a-s inhabit and improve the
same, upon payment of a nominal sum.
The homestead laws provide the means
by which a citizen or •> who has
declared his intention to become a citi
zen of the United States may enter upon
not more than 160 acres to one person— in
priated public lands, and who by com
plying with certain requirements may af
ter live years acquire title to it by patent.
IRON AND STEEL— A. S.. Crescent
City. Cal. Tn 1574 the world's product of
pig iron was 13.260,000 tons. Of this the
United States pr : per cent. Great
Britain 45 per cent. Germany 12 per cent
and France 10 per cent. In 1889 it was
25,000.000 tons. The United States product
was 30 per cent and Great Britain's 33
per cent. In 1895 the L'nited States pro
duced 32 per cent, Great Britain 27 per
cent, Germany 19 per cent and France 7
per cent. The United States at this time
leads in the production of iron ore. Great
Britain comes next, then Germany and
rVmISSf! to 1595 the United States pro
duced 4,909,128 tons of Bessemer and 1,137,
182 tons of open hearth steel. In the same
period Great Britain produced 1.535.225
tons of Bessemer and 1.724.737 tons of
open hearth steel. In lSi+6 the United
States produced 5,366,518 tons of all kinds
of steel, and Great Britain produced
4,199,631 tons, while all other countries to
gether produced but 8,015,081 tons.
Cal. glace fruit 60c per lb at Townsend's.*
This week; best eyeglasses; specs; 150,
40c; 65 Fourth street; look out for No. 65. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Stationery and Printing.
Marcus Wards and Hurlburt's fine writ
ing papers. Irish Linen and Venetian.
Bond in ream goods. Writing tablets, pa
peteries. Koh-I-Noor pencils. Waterman
fountain pens, etc. "Visiting Cards and
Invitations a specialty. Sanborn, Vail &
Co.. 741 Market street. •
The Belfast Irish News has declared a
dividend of 12i 2 per cent, and that in a
city where In previous years no National
ist organ was ever able to make ends
meet.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It sootr -<■ the child, soften*
the gums, allays Pnln. cures Wind Pniie reg
ulates the Bowels and is the be3t remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In ev«ry
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow'E Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL COROXADO-Take advantags
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply at
4 New ? jntgomery street. Sun Francisco.
SICK HEADACHE ABSOLUTELY AND
permanently cured by using Moki Tea. A
pleasant herb drink. Cure* constipation and
indigestion, makes you eat, sleep, work and
nappy. Satisfaction luaranteed or moaejr
back. At No Percentage Pharmacy.MYSTERIOUS
DISAPPEARANCE
OF A WOMAN
Teresa Helmbrecht Is
Now Missing.
M.Vf HAVE KILLED HERSELF
LEFT HOME TO VISIT ST. LUKE'S
HOSPITAL.
Worried Over Her Condition,
It Is Believed She Sought
Relief by Committing
Suicide.
Teresa Helmbrecht, a woman of 32
the misting, and
■ 1 to find her.
n Mrs. Helm
illß Greenwich
■ Luke's Hospital. She Is
tion and wanted to
for her approach
she had not returned up
■ning her husband visited police
ed her disappear
; Moffltt.
Heln ■ t stricken over the
that some-
I
r her condi
•
...-.■. c commit :■
i
ike's 1
•- • ■
1 1 1 n es s . £ t ho i
• re
pare 1
: : ■ •
■
i
.
■
-
■
■
■
her
■
ad one of his men
Ity in
ut no
c are
■ ■ :unate
ing 32 years of
medium
■
k skirt and
trii I with
red ribbon.
BRUTAL ASSAULT
BY TWO MECHANICS
CHARGED WITH BATTERY AND
DISTURBING THE PEACE.
Struck and Kicked the Proprietor of
of a Lodging House, His Wife,
Daughter and Son-in-Law.
Charles Hallinqulst, a riveter, and C. G.
Burki\ a tnaobiniatj both living at 10OG
Tennessee street, are In the City Prison
on charges of battery and disturbing the
peace, but a more serious charge may yet
be booked against em.
Km I yesterday morning they went to
the Milton lodging house; 156 Third street,
and asked the proprietor, John ■ Lrroul,
for a room. Carroul showed them a room
mid said the price would be 75 cents. They
objected to pay .-=0 much and Carroul told
them thai If they were not satisfied they
could go elsewhere. One of them struck
him on the jaw, knocking him down, and
then they proceeded to kick him. Mrs.
Motti ■ Carroul's daughter, rushed to her
father's assistance and the brutes kicked
her and knocked her down.
They attempted to lock Carroul and his
daughter In the room, but he put his foot
in the way and prevented them. Mrs. Car
roul and her .son-in-law had by this time
appeared on the scene and they were
struck arid kicked by the two men.
room and
: • with striking
Just T. C. Murphy and
-: and
■ r a rrest. They
Iving Hospital,
si alpa were
Thi't they were
: 'n-in
beds vest' r
■
: tie was kicked
Methodist Missionary Society.
The annual meeting of the Pacific
Tranoh of the "Woman's Foreign Mission
ary Society of the Methodist Episcopal
Church will be hf>ld in Ontral Methodist
Church on Mission street; commencing on
Tuesday evening and continuing- until Fri
day. Delegates will be in attendance from
r.il parts of tho State.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CONSULTING A WOMAN.
Mrs. Pinkharn's Advice Inspires
Confidence and Hope.
Examination by a male physician is
a hard trial to a delicately organized
■woman.
She puts it off as long as she dare,
and is only driven to it by fear of can-
cer, polypus, or some dreadful ill.
ilost frequently such a woman leaves
X a physician's office
d&f£w'y X where .she has un-
y.WpJof J — U . ... ,
i^^fjfy / j%. far dergone a critical
w2sr f--) ) examination with
3hk' jz.l an impression, more
jr&fc-~^s*y or less, of discour-
jscZSigl^ 3«ffft> agement.
j&?±~1t£?. r}£*- v • f\ This condi-
-ffia. tion of the
~;*&A tBSSSm m i n(^^ os^ ro ys
*$sh tLe effect of
HHBBL advice; and
r^ '•s"'s VeH she grows
vQnPWwHf^v lB» worse rather
than better. In consulting Mrs. Pink- j
ham no hesitation need be :elt, tho \
Btory is told to a woman and is wholly j
confidential. Mrs. Pinkham's address j
is Lynn, Mass., she offers sick women i
her advice without charge. »'■
Her intimate knowledge of women's !
troul makes her letter of advice a j
wellsprin^ of hope, and her wide experi-
ence and skill point the way to health. j
" I suffered with ovarian trouble for j
Beven years, and no doctor knew what j
was the matter with me. I had spells
which would last for two days or more.
I thought I would try Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Comoound. I have
taken seven bottles of it, and am en-
tirely cured."— Mks. John Foreman, 26 ;
K. Woodberry Aye., Baltimore, Md.
The above letter from Mrs- Foreman
is only one of thousands.
TO CORRECT
AN EVIL OF
THE THEATERS
Actor=Manager T. Daniel Frawley
Attempts to Bring About
a Reform.
Commences a Crusade Against the Practice of
Patrons Leaving a Playhouse Before the
Play Is Concluded.
T. Daniel Frawley, actor and manager,
has taken a stand in an effort to check on
that has assumed ci orcnous propor
tions In the theaters of this city. Tl
the habit acquired by the people of rising
in their scats and leaving the theater be
fore the close of the performance, to the
discomfort and annoyance of their neigh
bors.
Mr. Fran-ley administered a mild rebuke
to a fashionable audience .it the Baldwin
Thea* irdaj evening, which at
tne n • d< sired effect. The
play was- "The Last Reward," a comedy
by Augustin Daly. Like all Mr. Daly's
there Isr an epilogue, a charm
of thanks to the au
if the actors after the ac
la practically over. Hhis
ARRAYS HIMSELF AGAINST A GREAT EVIL
is a custom that ha? come down with
English comedies for several hundred
< >n Saturday night Miss Blanche Bates
stepped f irward to •'.•■ liver the lines which
v thanks to the audience. She had
hardly commenci t< speak when there
movement on the part
■ • idlence, especial
stairs. Hats and wraps wen
Burned and the aisles were soon crowded.
A; a signal from Mr. Frawley Miss ■
speaking. The intent was so pal
sank into the
st seats to escape observation. Those
who had remained seated grasped the sit
uation as quickly a* the others and ap
plauded the stand taken by Mr. Frawley.
When quiet was restored Miss I
concluded h--r line*.
The evil whWh Mr. Frawley desires to
check is one of three whi<
trical managers in many parts
world. Th>* "tht-r two are the wear
hieh hats and the habil of arriving late
rmer has bet n
■ally stricken from the list in this
city. The other two baffle the ingenuity
(.f the managers.
It was thought thai j» the sup
posedly rough and ready manners of the
THE RELATIONS OF
MAN TO THE COSMOS
THE BRAMACHARIN AGAIN
TAKES THE ROSTRUM.
A Large Audience Listens to the Fa
mous Hindoo's Discourse on the
Science of tha Soul.
An Interested audience that filled every
chair in Odd Fellows' Hall last evening
listened to the lecture of J. C. Chattergl,
Brahmacharin, upon the "S
ml."
Tho lecture nf the Bramacharln was
of twofold Interest. The subject matter,
thouprh consisting of the same tenets as :
the theosophicaJ <-ult, that twenty-three
years of exposition have made familiar
to many, was handled In so skillful a
manner that the broadest possibl*
struction was obtainable, while the per
fect mastery of English which the Hindoo ,
displayed urn! tl •■ ■ rquisite periods with
which he punctuated his theme, held the j
attention of his audience for a full hour, j
The point of the Bramacharin'a
themp upon which he spoke at greatest
' length was the relation of man to the
ersal cosmos, the stupendous sys
tem of vibrations that, acting upon the
the objects
that pass before the eye and works oul
the life and destiny of every one. "No
man," said the Bpeaker, "be he atheist,
r materis II r er himself
from the great He Is a j'iirt of
it, and thouph the mind of the masses is
not trained to a < s of these
vibrations, they act upon him and around
him and control him whether he will or
no. We are Simply playing our parts.
If we fail, or if we succeed, that amounts
to nothing so long as we have played our
parts.
"My universe is not yours, and yours
is not mine. I have been trained to a
clear consciousness pf the vibrations that
control us mul ;un cons
that you cannot sei in the solar spectrum
and of music and objects that you can
not hear or sco, and simply for the reason
that I recognize these vibrations when
ire playing upon me.
"It Is possible for you to attain this
same consciousness, but to do so all no
tion of self, of sex, of race and pa
■ !».-• east out. You must raise your
bove these things, for to attain that
which you seek an absolute oneness must
prevail.
"You need not retire into a junErU to
attain these things. Nature put you
■ you were best fitted to be. Begin
where you are by laying aside all idea of
-.-if Live :t* God, as Krishna, as
Buddha or whichever god you worship
would have you live. What you 6
for all, not for self, for that above all
th'nt's Is essential to the higher con
sciousness that will put you in touch with
life as it is in truth."
The second of .Mr. Chattergl S lectures
will >,e\;r>iivered on next Sunday evening.
v he will receive callers and answer
Questions ;it the quarters of the Theo
sophlcai Society In the Odd Fellows' Hall.
Signal Corps Field Day.
Forty men of the Second Rriprade, Slg- |
nal Corps, N. G. C participated in the :
y. id day yesterday and established com- '
rnunication with all parts of the city, j
from the water front to Lon« Mountain
and Twin Peaks, and from the Union
Iron Works to Nob Hill. The men lef» \
the armory at 9 a. m., and an hour later j
signal flags were wig-wagging from sta- J
tions in the rupolae of the Claus
Spreckels building, ferry depot and
City Hall, at division and bri
gade headquarters, First Regiment
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1898.
West were responsible for the practice of
patrons leaving their seats before the
close of a performance. Not so, how
ever, as the people of Boston are pro
nounced greater offenders than the resi
dents of any other city in America. Again
it is shown to be more a matter of custom
than of manners, as the boys of the gal
lery were never known to offend.
"I am going to do all In my power to
suppress this eveil," said Mr. Frawley yes
terday. "It is a most trying thing for an
actor to speak his lines with his auditors
slamming seats and making other noises
that disconcert him. It Is sufficiently dif
ficult to play to a mixed audience without
being troubled in this manner. San Fran
cisco is not alone in this respect. Boston
is, if anything, a greater offender. I at
tribute the evil solely to the people who
attend the theaters from a distance.
"There are many towns within a
short distance of Boston, and the people
from There have wpr in mind that
of out-of-town life, the last car. T!r- •
grew gradually and spread to i pie who
had no last car to take, but who wanted
to avoid the crush In the lobby. It has
grown habitual with people other
than tho. c c from out of town.
"Actors also suffer much from late
armory, National Guard armory, Twin
Pi iks, Telegraph Hill, Park Hill, Lone
Mountain, Parrott building, Hopkins Art
Institute, Presidio. Aha plaza. Alamo
re, Russian Hill, Thirty-second and
H> ward and Eighteenth and Mississippi
Btreets. I.niring the day Captain Hewes
visited each station, and the day was
uglily successful. The corps hu-s
me valuable lessons from the
war. and the men are well drilled in prac
tical field work. Including telegraphy and
the building of flying telegraph Rnd tele
phone lines. Several members of the
cor] s arc now In Manila, and every one of
them has gained promotion In actual ser-
His Mind Paralyzed.
A. A. Stirling, who said he was a din
goods man. walked into the Receiving
Hospital yesterday afternoon and sur
prised Dr. Thompson by asking him to
tell him where he lived. lie had been a
r> sident in the city for ten years, but f<>r
the life of him he could not recollect where
his room was situated. He' remembered
that he knew James Lanigan, who livvl
In the Windsor Hotel, but that was all.
He was given a bed In the male ward in
the hope that a few hours" slumber would
enaßle him to recover the use of his
memory. _____^________ __
AUXILIARY FLEET
WILL BE MAINTAINED
Needed for Service in the Weet Indies
and Our Possessions in
the Pacific.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— Tho "Washington
correspondent of the Herald telegraphs:
Secretary Long has determined to retain
in service all of the auxiliary vessels
which were bought before and during the
war. This decision Is due to the necessity
of maintaining a fleet of small vessels
which can be of service In Cuban, Porto
Rican, Hawaiian and Philippine waters
after the treaty of peace shall have been
sig-ned. The report of tho Higpinson
board recommended the sale of some
twenty-five vessels and the recommenda
tion submitted by Captain Crowinshield
suggests that seventeen of the vessels be
sold.
Secretary' Long has directed the sale of
the old monitor Wyandotte. which was
built in I^2 at Cincinnati, 0., and which
was used as a coast derense vessel dur
ing the war with Spain. The Wyandotte
-.: at League island and the depart
ment officials say that she can be of no
further service as a man-of-war. The
cost of the hull and machinery of the
Bhip was $633,327 and since the civil war
comparatively few repairs have been
made. It is said that she will be bought
;md used in the future as a coal hulk.
PRESIDENTIAL PARTY
BOUND FOR OMAHA
An Elaborate Special Trnn Leaves
Washington To-Day — War He
roes Also En Route.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9.— The special
train which will carry the Presidential
party to Omaha, where they will be the
guests of honor of the Trtuis-Missißslppl
Exposition, leaves here at 9 a. m. to
>W over the Pennsylvania to Chi
cago. The President and Mrs. MoKinley
will join the party at Canton. Those leav
ing here will be Secretary and Mrs. Gage,
Secretary and Mrs. Alge'r, Postmaster
General and Mrs. Emory Smith, Secretary
Bliss, Secretary and Mies Wilson, Assist
ant Secretary Melkle.iohn, Secretary Por
ter, Secretary Cortelyou, Mr. and Mrs.
W. N. Babcnok. The train will be an ex
ceptionally handsome one, composed of
comers who have dined not always wisely.
Many persona sitting in boxes have
proved unbearable, and I have had on
occasions to send an usher to quiet them.
Thi y are given to commenting audibly on
the persons on the stag* .
"Reverting to the incident of Saturday
night's performance reminds me of a
quarrel I once had with Y\"iiton Lackaye
on the same lines. The epilogue fell to
him to deliver. He started it properly,
and in the midst of thr confusion he con
cluded it with : 'The epilogue is for over
shoes and umbrellas.' This threw me
completely out of my lines, and I had to
whistle for the curtain to descend."
"The foundation of all this trouble,"
said Manager Alt' Ellinghouse of the
Comedy Theater yesterday, "lies in the
fact that the people know when the close
of a play draws near. This is usually
foreshadowed in the reconciliation of the
stage, lover. The auditors' first thoughts
are to get away, and they spoil the finale
for those who do not know the denoue
ment. People are naturally selfish
and give no heed to the discomfort they
may cause others.
"This condition is not peculiar to San
Francisco, but obtains all over America.
The evil of late coming has not troubled
us, as we made a rule at the opening of
the theater that no one was to be seated
during any act while the curtain was up.
This does away with the slamming of
seats and with the inconvenience of per
sons already seated. It would be a no
table advance if the people would lend
their efforts to the correction of these
twin abuses."
Manager S. H. Frledlander, who has
just returned from an extended Eastern
trip, says San Francisco is not the only
offender. "This is an evil that managers
throughout the world have grappled with. !
Germany is the only country free from
the complaint. It applies to churches as
well as theaters. Some weeks since I was
in the Mormon Tabernacle In Salt Lake
City. There were over 7000 people present |
and fhfy made, a grf-at noise getting out \
during tho benediction. It was the snme,
in a tabernacle In this city last Sunday
night."
The result of Mr. Frawley'p efforts to
abate this nuisance in the theaters will
be awaited with Interest. It affects a
major portion of theater-goers, who I
would gladly see his crueado prove a sue- j
cess.
five Pullmans, with dininp, observation
and hHKK.'if,''- cars, etc.
Another distinguished party leaves over
the B. & O. at 8 a. m. to-morrow. This
will include Generals Miles, Shafter.
wheeler and Greeley, with members of
their staffs and their families; the Chin
ese and Korean Ministers, each with a
large staff; the Argentine and Brazilian
Ministers, Secretary Queseda of the Cu
ban Junta and representatives of leading
newspapers of the country.
CALIFORNIA'S CLAIM
FOR WAR EXPENSES
Officers Arrive at Washington With
the State's Bill Against
the Government.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9.— General A. W.
Barrett and Colonel J. F. Kurpln of San
Francisco, hearers of Governor Budd's
ebilm ntrninpt the Government for •
ments, etc., furnished by the State of Cali
fornia in t lie war with Spain, arrived
here to-day. They will call at the \\";ir
Department to-morrow and present the
claim to the adjutant general, who will
rei<-r it to the auditor of the War De
partment.
As California's claim Is quite a way
down on the list. It would under ordinary
circumstances be some time before it
could be considered, but General Barrett
has taken every precauton to have the
claim of his State meet every require
ment of the Government. One preat
cause of the delay in auditing the claims
of the several States has been due to fail
ure to have proper receipts accompany
the Items of expenditure. General Bar
rett brings receipts for every dollar ex
pended, and It is believed this' will greatly
expedite the allowance of the claim. Cal
ifornia was more energetic than any
other State in having her troops mus
tered in, there being in one instance not
more than two days between the enroll
ment of troops and their muster In.
The claim to be presented, amounting
to something like $170,000, does not in
clude the nay of the men and officers
while in the .Niate service. While the
claim was being prepared the question of
rate of pay was a mooted one. The au
ditur of the War Department had held
that men between the date of enrollment
an . mustering in could only be allowed
the same pay as when regularly in ser
vice. The Comptroller of the Treasury
has recently net aside this ruling, and
California soldiers will be paid $2 per day,
the rate ilxed by the statutes of the
State. The officers, not having been mus
ter. -<1 In until two days after the Califor
nia soldiers, their pay claims will be rela
tively greater.
Asphyxiated by Gas.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 9.— Edward Le
may, a nephew of Victor Lemay, foreman
in the railroad shops here, was asphyxi
ated by gas in his room this morning.
The man with whom he hoarded detected
the odor of gas as he was going to his
work early, and, linding the burner from
which it was escaping, turned it off and
went away without awakening Lemay,
not thinking of the latter's danger.
WHY HE REFUSED TO PAY.
"One dollar, please," said the clair
voyant.
"Not much," he replied; "I'll not pay
you a cent."
"Do you think I reveal the future for
nothing?"
"I don't care anything- about that.
You told me I was to marry three
times, and I don't propose to put a
premium on bad news." — Chicago
News.
Buy wallpaper 4 window shade* at Clark's,
658 Market. Country orders solicited. •
CELEBRATION
OF THE FEAST
OF ST. FRANCIS
Solemn Services in the
Catholic Church.
A PANEGYRIC PRONOUNCED
THE CAREER AND LIFE WORK
OF THE SAINT OUTLINED.
The Principal Services in
Honor of the Day Held
at St. Francis'
Church.
The feast of St. Francis was Impressive
ly and appropriately commemorated yes
terday in the Catholic churches through
out the city. The principal ceremony,
however, was held at St. Francis' Cnurch
Solemn higrh mass was celebrated <it 11
o'clock by Rev. Father Caraher, assisted
by the associate priests of the parish as
deacon, sub-deacon and master of cere
monies.
In the evening the usual ceremony of
vespers was observed, followed by bene
diction and the recital of the litany. Im
mediately after benediction an eloquent
panegyric was pronounced upon the life
and works of the patron saint by Rev.
Father Raphael of St. Anthony*
Church of this city. In it the exe.m
plary earner of St. Francis was outlined
and held up for imitation. The preacher
spoke of the virtues of St. Francis, his
love of God and man, his faithful duty to
ward the church and his indefatigable and
successful mission in preaching this gos
pel.
Many beautiful examples of a noble ca
reer were shown that those of the congre
gation present might learn to imitate
them In their efforts to lead righteous
lives.
In honor of the occasion the sanctuary
and altars In the church wero magnifi
cently decorated with lights and flowers.
The solemn mass was specially arranged
for and sung by an augmented choir of
thirty or more voices under the immedate
direction of the organist. The music was
expressly selected for the occasion and in
cluded many impressive snlos and du^ts.
During the afternoon and evening, up
to the time of the commencement of ves
pers, hundreds of devout visitor?, or pil
grims, visited the church and prayed to
the saint in whose honor and commemora
tion th> services were dedi'
The panegyric by Rev. Father Raphael
immediately after vespers concluded tho
celebration of the feast.
Rheumatism, kidney. liver diseases enred. Dr.
Gordln, Sanitarium, 514 Pine, nr. Kearny, ri.F.Cal.
DEATH OF C. H. JEWETT.
Succumbs to a Neglected Case of
Briglit's Disease.
C. H. Jewett, the manager of the large
coaling and shipping firm of R. Duns
muir & Sons, and the son-in-law of Major
Hooper, died yesterday afternoon at his
home, 2022 Pine Stre< i.
For many years Mr. Jewett has been a
sufferer of liright's disease, though he
was ignorant of the nature of his sick
ness. Last week he became so ill he was
forced to call for medical advice. An
advanced case of Brighfs disease was
discovered by the attendant phystcia.ns.
Other developments net in which culmin
ated in tfenth yesterday afternoon.
Mr. Jewett leaves a widow and two
children. He was •!'"> years of age.
— —
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
PI rum ) Washington brand—
rLUUI< f a good wholesome ar-
90c. a Sack I tide for bread, cakes
3 and biscuits.
BAKING ) "New Era" Brand our
POWDER V own miike. Only the
„ , ,* JI J^ I best cream tartar and
oVc. lb. Tin ) soda used. Has Batter.
m ii/c rM. ) Sublime Lncca, a pure
OLIVE OIL f oil imported by us.
50c. Quart Bottle t The price is usually
) COc. a bottle.
ORIENTAL ) A blend of the pureat
fOPPPP v coffee obtainable ;usu-
m n I all . v 35c - lb - roasted
30c. Pound ) or ground.
SCPt'H RWIICH / Tampico bristles — a
in i J1 <J : )i > n > good serviceable ar-
10c. Each l tide. Regularly 180.
FINE RIESLING) A light, pleasant ta-
|)o/en Ouart<« V l)le wi »^ — German
wozen quarts > type . regularly $325
»^.y,-> ) do». quart bottles.
WHISKEY ) W.H.Mcßrayer goods,
fin linn $5 OO \ wade in 1886— the fa-
uaiion, |S.UU > mous oM gour mash
Bottle, $1.15 ) We get f 1.50 and *6 00
for this article.
HOLLAND GIN ) A pure, wholesome
Bottle 75c > Average usually sold
nonie, y»c. >at 90c. bottle; gallon.
Gallon, $3.50 ) $4.00.
HERE ARE A \ Santa Ana Pnre Call-
p£j\\r I fornia Olive Oil, 75c.
nnniii AD I bottle.
KtiUULAK I Flrur de France Cog-
PRICES Aiac. 26 years old, |2.5)
I Vichy Water, 25c. bot-
CnmntrA Tht>m I tie, {3.00 dozen.
compare l nem j A y H Gin %lJfO bot
New Paprika arrived -finest produced in
Hungary
Country orders shipped free within 100 mite*.
CONTINUED
EXHIBITION AND SALE
OF THE
COLLECTION of DEAKIN BROTHERS.
BALANCE OF STOCK
TO BE CLOSED OUT.
WORKS OF ART, PAINTINGS. ETC. Also
the Remaining Studies and Paintings by
EDWIN DEAKIN.
MAPLE ROOM, PALACE HOTEL,
MONDAY, TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY,
October 10, 11 and 12.
DAY AND EVENING.
Use f^^k
Facial Soap ijT y Facial Cream.
*£>
Woodbury's Facial Soap, Facial Cream, Fa-
cial and Tooth Powder have the indorsement of
the Medical and Dental Professions. Sold
everywhere.
\M. T. HESS,
IfOTART PUBLIC AND ATTOHNSY-AT LAW,
rentb Floor, Room 1015, Claua a- *els Bldg.
Telephone Brown I*3l.
Residence. 821 California »t.. below Powell,
Ban Francisco. ;'\
ADVERTISEMENTS. -"^Jsk'J
CITY OF #■& PARIS i
<
DRY GOODS COMPANY. <
.■-. <
BLACK DRESS GOODS. |
NEW IMPORTATION. 1
<
On MONDAY, October 10, we will place on sale <
the following numbers in PIEROLA CREPON <
and MERSERETTA NOVELTIES, which are J
EXCEPTIONAL VALUES: <
<
15 pieces Mohair Pierola Cloth $1.50 yard i
26 pieces Mohair Crepons in raised effects $1.75 yard \
18 pieces Gatchina Crepons and Merseretta Novelties.. .$2.00 yard <
13 pieces Satin Crepon— a decided novelty $2.50 yard \
— — </
.... MOURNING GOODS A SPECIALTY.... 4
— • <j
COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY AND CAREFULLY FILLED.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, \
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F. f-'i
UNION SQUARE. 2
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT.
EVERY EVENING, INCLUDING SUNDAY,
Third Week of the New
FRAWLEY CO.
Presenting Henry Arthur Jones' Great Drama,
"THE
DANCING
GIRL."
BLANCHE BATES in the Title Role.
Regular Frawley Prices— 2sc t 50c, 75c and SI.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
THIS WEEK. FINAL PERFORMANCES.
THE GREAT
NANCE O'NEIL
And the McKEE RANKIN CO.
Production of
'""ELIZABETH,"
QUEEN OF ENGLAND."
An Event in Local Theatricals.
Oct. MATHEWS and BULGER.
ALHAMBRA.
Corner Eddy and Jones sts.
Week Beginning Monday, October 10.
ROBERT DOWNING in "INGOMAR."
THE GOLDEN WEST TRIO in "A Panic in
Chinatown."
The Celebrated Comic Opera Star, WILL S.
RISING and COMPANY in the New-
Opera. WHY?"
MORELAND. THOMPSON AND ROBERTS,
The Meteors of Vaudeville.
The Charming Cantatrice.
MISS DAISY HAMLIN.
GEORGE C. BONIFACE and NOXNA FER-
NER in the Quarrel Scene from "THE
SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL."
THE OLIFANS.
FORD AND LEWIS.
CHANGE OF PRICES— IO cents, 15 cents, 25
cents, 50 cents.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
Adults 26 cents, Children 10c.
IOEOSCO'S GRAND SS
V alter Monosco, Sole Lessee and Manager
Third Successful Week of the Popular Actor,
JAMES M. BROPHY.
Magnificent Production of the Great English
Mplodrama,
"THE LIGHTS LONDON!"
Strong and Exciting Plot.
Augmented Cast and New Faces.
Great Lcndon Bridge Scene.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Green 861.
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . lOc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
COMEDY JTHEATER.
THIS WEEK A SERIES OF PRESENTATION
MATINEES.
Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday at 2 p. m.
SOUVENIR PRESENTS FOR LADIES AND
CHILDREN.
25 cents to All Parts. Gallery, 15 cents.
All Reserved Without Extra Charge.
TO-NIGHT.
THE
JOSSEY-MARVIN COMPANY
—IN THE—
SIGNAL" LIBERTY!:
Secure Seats Now While You Can.
15c. 25c, 3, , c and s c.
Comedy Theater and 710 Market street.
MONDAY NIGHT,
CLEVER CLARA THROPP. ]
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling. Proprietor and Manager. '
TO-NIGHT. THE COMIC OPERA SEASON. !
THE BIG SHOW.
Superb Production of the Merry Operatic Fan- !
tasle,
"THE
CIRCUS QUEEN
GREAT CAST.
New Scenery. Superb Costumes.
Appropriate Accessories. Brilliant Light Effects
FUN— Fast and Furious.
— Melodious and Catchy.
DANCES— Graceful and Novel.
The 1000 Wonders of the Sawdust Ring.
Grand Matinee Saturday at 2 p. m.
Popular Price? »c and 50c
N. B. — Reserved seats for the Matinee, 25c.
Our Telephone, Bush '.'.
CHUTES ZOO!
■.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
LILLIAN STEWART,
The Charming Serio Comic.
RAYMOND and LA METTO, Legmanlacs;
IING and FRANKS, in "The Actor's Return."
SANKEY BROS.,
U3NES CASTOR, Soprano: MARINO. Ysaye's
Pride, and a Great Bill in the
FREE THEATER.
Six Baby Alligators in the Zoo.
SPECIAL. — Next Thursday and every Thurs- i
lay thereafter, AMATEUR NIGHT.
HIS THE ERUPTION OF MT. VESUVIUS! j
10c. Including Zoo and Theater; Children. Be; ;
% AMUSEMENTS.
ONLY VALDEVILUANS of BIGS MERIT.
THE TALK OF THE CITY TO-DAY.
MISS MARY NORMAN, Society Caricaturist.
HOWARD COMEDY PONIES, Funniest
Equine Art in the World.
JOHNSON AND DEANE. King and Queen of.
Colored Aristocraev.
MR. AND MRS. R. J. DCSTAN AND COM-
PANY in Great New Hit "Bella's Baby."
CAWTHORNE AND FORRESTER, Big
Laughing Hit, "A Damage Suit."
LEW HAWKINS. MULVEY AND INMAN,
THE BIOGRAPH, CARPOS BROTH]
Reserved Seats, 25 Cents: Balcony, 10 Cents;
Opera Chairs and Box Seal 60 Centp.
Matinees — Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
AT PA7An SEATS BY PHONE
AL^AZwAK Main 254.
THIS MONDAY NIGHT AND DURING THE
ENTIRE WEEK.
First Time at Our Prices,
15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Belasco and Do Mille's Fascinating Play la
Four Acts,
THE— =
WIFE!
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Week, David Belasco' Romantic Drama,
MAY BLOSSOM.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
OLYMPIA 1&T Btreet ' corDer of
The Great Eastern Star
IRENE FRANKLIN! IRENE FRANKLIN!
And 10 all-star acts.
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE SUNDAY.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 A. M. to 6 P. M. During
the Winter Season.
ADMISSION 10- - - - - CHILDREN Sa
Bathing, with admission, 23c; children, 20c.
Beware of Imitations
*^ Ywcesterslureifi
&4U&
JOHN DUNC/N'B SONS, AMMTS, NEW YORK.
THE WEEKLY CALL,
o/ It Publishes the Cream o! th*
News of the Week and
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
<J ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
o/ PAPER ON THB
~J PACIFIC COAST
5 — /—/ —
7) The Best V / Mining
Jj Telegraphic Ny/ News That
°\ Service on /N. Is Accurate
oC The Coast / up to data
ex S \. __
o{ Not a Line of it Sensational
cJ or Faky, and Not a Line of
J it Dry or Uninteresting.
H i ~ n a
OC Bright, Clean, A Champion of
] Thoughtful. Truth.
°4 '' i' |ji
fllciSH VITALIS
THE NEW
OTtW 10th Day. aSm S7&L. Jf FHE IVi Wllll
VITALIS 2 ' Pay »L M DCUcnY
PRODUCES THE AI'.OYK 3Cih Day. lILRI til 111
HKSI'LTS. It quickly Jt »oreljrren>o»es Nervousness, Impoteney,
Nightly Emissions, Evil Dreams Wasting Diseases and ail effects
of self-abuse or I r.s and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality,
Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity and Consump-
tion. Cores when all others fail. Insist on having TITAI.IS,
no other. Can he carried in the vest pocket. By mail £1.00
per Dackage or sis for $5.00 with a gnirantea to Core or
iC.iwn.l the Money. Circular free. Addreis
CAM M X CURE CO., SB4 Dearborn St., CUcaf*
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F.. and Oakland.
Baja California >i::
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisine and specific tonlo
for the sexual and urinary or&ana of both
eexea, and a great remedy tor diseases of tha
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invlgorator and Nervine. Bells on Its own
Merits; no long-- winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALPS & HRL'XE, Agents,
823 Market street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
56
COMMODORE
WATSON ON
WAR TOPICS
Praise for the Men in
His Command.
SCHLEY AGAINST SAMPSON
DISAPPOINTMENTS IN HIS LATE
CAREER.
The Commander of the Blockading
Squadron Tells of the Tedious
Life in Patrolling the
Cuban Coast.
As Commodore John C. Watson, the
new commandant of the Mare island
navy yard, appears now. crowned with a
ribbon of bandage and his finger sv.
in linen, be looks like a hero returning
from the wars. It does not make the
heart of the commander of the blockad
ing squadron glad when one Bpeaka of
the battle's roar or tl ' : ' the
great guns, for he was in the late war but
not of it as far as actual fighting is con
cerned—and this is what stings.
•^d in a lai irtable chnir at
the Cosmos Club yesterday afternoon the
commodore spoke freely of his trying la
an roast, bis disappoint
ments and the glory of American arms.
He said:
"You pee, I have my head bandaged as
If I had Just gone through an action on
dock. No. there is no glory attached to
these •■■ They nre all due to a rail
road accident which you have no doubt
heard of. But it Is of no consequen<
Commodore Watson loves to linger over
the results "of the war, especially the
deeds of his friends Schley, Dewey and
Sampson. Continuing he said: "1 have
been most unfortunate in not having been
at the front where the lighting was done.
My labors were in establishing the block- j
ade about Havana and it proved very te
dious and tires before we were re
lieved. The work was of such a sort as
to prey upon the minds of the men. The
voting officers with their hearts and their
thoughts in the places where the fighting
was going on. chafed under the rigid and
severe routine of the blockade. It was
quiet action under a stress and they
longed for the boom of battle. For them
and the green men who came under my
charge 1 can say nothing but words of un- [
stinted praise. The men who came from
the Naval Reserves were practically green
seamen, yet they displayed a great will
ingness to learn and they did learn in a
very short time. There were young men
from all the -walks of life in my fleet and
there never was an instance of dissatis
faction or of recalcitrancy. They con
ducted themselves like true seamen and
true Americans."
It is with regret that Commodore Wat
eon speaks of the altercation between tho
friends of Schley and the friends of
Sampson. In regard to this difficulty the
commodore said: "Nothing Is to be re
fretted so much as these foolish disputes.
I know both men well; Schley and myself
are most intimate friends and our fami
lies are likewise. I am positive that the
appointment which Sampson received was
not of his own seeking. He was selected
by the Navy Department and there was
nothing left for him but to obey. He is a
man of ability and merit and was deserv
ing of the high honor bestowed upon him.
Schley practically was in command at
the time of the destruction of Cervera's
fleet and he won the laurels of victory as
well as Sampson. Really, I think of this
question only with regret, for I know of
the true worth of both men and that
Sampson was not at fault.
"Oh. yes, the one transcendent hero of
the war Is Dewey. His entrance into the
harbor in the stillness and gloom of
night, running the dangers of a mined
port; his plan of attack, all things taken
together, make him a naval tighter who
has no comparison. I remember him as a
young man at Annapolis, two grades
above me. He then had the reputation
of a hot-headed youth with a most un
governable temper. Why, he would fly
Into a rage at a moment, but it was not
very long after when we were with Far
ragut on the Mississippi and we were
under action that his former disposition
changed. He lost his hot temper and be
came the coolest and most self-controlled
of young men. He then gave evidences of
the greatness of his ability. A few years
ago when he received the appointment
•which placed him In charge of the Asiatic
squadron there were a number of people
•who persisted in saving that he had seen
his best days. Well. Manila Bay, May 1.
is all that need be said on the question.
"The intention to send a fleet to Europe
■was looked upon as a bluff, but I think
the department was sincere at the time.
I received the notice from the Navy De
partment in cipher and started for Key
West at once, elated and overjoyed, for
I thought at last my time had come.
"When I arrived at Key West I was sur
prised to discover that the entire coun
try had already learned of the news.
But disappointment was again my meas
ure.
. "There is one thing I cannot under
stand and that is the so-called Spanish
honor. There I was with a fleet of gun
boats, converted yachts and a motley col
lection of every vessel known to the water
service. Cervera knew of it and neglect
ed his opportunity. I think it Is "rank
cowardice, and I do not know of a single
Instance where the Spanish failed to dis
play their particular perfection along
these lines. They might have fought at
Santiago and done something though
they never would have won."
The commodore has not yet delved Into
matters at Mare Island. He thinks that
in a couple of weeks he will have his
plans prepared for the changes to be
made on the island.
NATIONAL BANK FOR
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
WILL SOON BE ESTABLISHED AT
HONOLULU.
Hawaiian. New Tork and Local Cap
italists Are Interested in the
New Financial Venture.
When the Gaelic leaves this port to
morrow she will have on board two local
bankers bound for Hawaii. Upon their
arrival a bank will be established in Hon
olulu, which will be called the First Na
tional Bank of Hawaii, with a capitaliza
tion of J1.000.C00.
At present there is stopping at the Pal
ace Fletcher S. Heath of New York. Mr.
Heath is the representative of some very
wealthy Gothamites. who, together with
the local bankers, whose names are with
held for the present, and a few well
known Hawaiian business men, are at
the bottom of the incorporation. Mr.
Heath said last night:
"The importance of the establishment
of the First National Bank is greater
than it at first seems. Since the annexa
tion of the islands the United States as
a Government has suddenly developed
business relations with Hawaii which
can be transacted only by means of a
quasi-governmental agency. At present
this country cannot deposit its money
with any private banking institution.
This difficulty will be soon obviated in
Hawaii upon the establishment of the
national bank. Then the paymaster of
the United States troops may deposit the
money with the national hank and in fact
the bank will be a quasi-agent of the
Government in all Its Hawaiian busi
nes relations."
Mr. Heath would not disclose the names
of the parties interested. ;
Lurlinc Salt Water Baths.
Bach and L«rk!n eta. Strir~.rr.lnx. Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Salt wmter direct from oct*a.
In the United States 37 ocr cent of ehil
dren under 3 years of age die from ga»
tro-Jntestinal disorders.
GOSSIP ANENT
THE SPEEDY
GALLOPERS
Abandonment of a
Race Meeting.
BROWN QUITS THE STARTING
BIG AVERAGE FOR RANCHO DEL
PASO FILLIES.
Coming of Bookmaker Carroll, Turf
Character — The Winnings of
Jennings and Hil
dreth.
The abandonment of the California
Jockey Club's Los Angeles meeting was
no surprise in San Francisco or its vi
cinity. A rumor was In circulation even
before the fair association's meeting be
gun in the City of Angels that the club's
weather and financial prophet predicted I
the coming of a black frost, similar to the I
one folt at Sacramento, and the managers
decided that a fat bank account was far
better than a big: balance on the wrong
side of the ledger. Besides, there was a
paucity of fleet gallopers on hand, J.nd
small fields meant meager gate receipts
and limited speculation.
Because L. P. Tarlton, the well-known
racing judge, did not fancy the operation
of "foreign books" on Turf Congress
tracks (and said so) he was "fired" from
bis position as judge at Newport without
ceremony. Fowler, the manager of the
track, did the discharging. It is high
time laws were passed by the governing
turf bodies making as capable man as
Colonel Tarlton more secure in his posi
tion, so that he may not be placed at the I
mercy of a man or sot of men whose ideas j
might be at variance with hie. Racing
omcial6 in America, if they desire to ke<v |
their places, may have to see to It that ;
they are not "out of line" in their ideas.
If they are. they should saw wood and j
look "owly." . , __
It will greatly surprise a host of Call
fornians to learn that H. D. ("Curley )
Brown gave up starting race horses at ;
the close of the Newport, Ky.. meeting |
and will hereafter devote himself to con- j
ditioning * string of gallopers owned by I
himself. Brown nas made a great name
as a flag wielder and barrier raiser and ;
was supposed to be wedded to his proles- j
sion. Hence the surprise will be all the
greater. "Curley" began starting horses
at old Bay District track along about 1892,
and even' then gave promise of making j
one of the best in the business, a promise
he fully kept.
"Tony" Cook, for a long time associ
ated with Joe Rose in the bookmaklng
business, has returned from Chicago. He
thinks "the game" here this winter will j
be as good as ever. I
Miss Marion, who ran second in the rich
Stallion Stakes at Chicago last Saturday,
Is by Himyar from Imp. Astolat, and is
owned , julntlv by Bookmaker Barney
Schreiber and Frank H. Brunell, lately
editor and proprietor of Dally Racing
Form, Chicago.
W. E. Applesrate bought Tuba Dam
from A. C. Franklin Jr., and probably
won the gelding out the first time he j
started him. The reported price wa^s $1000.
Beautiful Morris Park, which cost the [
late John A. Morris $1,500,000, will in all !
likelihood be cut up into building lots j
some time in 18&9. Ac property has so \
materially increased in value in West- j
chester, it is thought the Morrises will ex
perience llttje trouble in realizing $5,000,
000 for the property.
The forty-five yearlings from Rancho j
del Paso sold In England recently, nearly j
all fillies, averaged $SS6, which is about j
J6S6 more than Manager John Mackey im- I
agined they would bring last summer. ;
Now that the California breeder J. B. ;
Haggin, has pioneered the way, Ken- j
tucky and Tennessee breeders will doubt
less send large consignments to New
market next July.
Young Willie Applegate, so successful
in England, where he went to play Tod
Sloan's mounts, will probably not need
his father's assistance in paying off the
bookmaker creditors who mourned his
departure a few weeks ago. Reports are
to the effect that he has made the bank
rolls of many a bookmaker look as if j
Jumbo had jumped on them. Plungers j
make seesaws out of the betting-ring j
boards, don't they? At last reports we j
would have Riley Gronnan this winter, i
but not '•Plttsburg Phil." The latter !
could never get on to the curves of the j
California contingent very well.
Briar Sweet will probably be as hard ;
to beat here aa she is at the far East. j
So far they haven't found any galloper i
over there capable of beating her at any
distance from five furlongs to a mile and
a quarter. If she had met Hamburg at
about a mile and a sixteenth there would
have been some track records burned up,
and it Is hard to say which would have |
won. for she beat her fields just aa easily
as the colt did.
At the recent Gravesend meeting W. )
B. Jennings' horses won $6255 and Sam |
Hildreth's $4055.
J. J. ("Virginia") Carroll, who will book j
here during the coming winter, is one of ;
the great "characters" of the book- j
makers" arena of America. He has a j
voice like a buzzsaw In active operation,
a temper capable of becoming as warm J
as a Hawaiian maiden's heart, and on j
short notice, and as to taking: in the coin. j
when you ask him his limit he'll answer,
"Your conscience." If there Is a lull in
the storm of excitement Carroll will \
either get up a fight (with himself as one \
of the principals) or sing you a few bars
of the latest popular melody. As a
natural consequence the big, sandy haired j
bookie Is always the center of attraction :
I In a batting ring, and always takes in j
his share ot the loose shekels.
Ethelbert, winner of the Nursery stakes |
at Morris Park, is by Imp. Eothan, sire j
of Requital, from imp. Maori by Poulet. :
. Marko is his half brother, but by Vo- j
! lante. Maori was the first mare to run I
; a mile In better time than 1:40 In ;
America. She did it in 1:39\ over Wash- ;
j ington Park eight or nine years ago.
"Rataplan's" book, "California's Rac- i
ing Needs," is to be Issued early In No- i
vember in Chicago, and will no doubt be
■ eagerly sought for out this way. if not '
; around Chicago and New York, It is ex- I
pected the well-known writer will "roast" ]
some of the racing magnates out this j
way until they are "done to a turn."
Alpen. winner of the very rich stallion
st.ike at Hawthorne last Saturday, is by
I Sir Dixon from Alpena. He is a colt con
! sidered to have a lot of class, though he
'■ has run a few disappointing races.
BACON PLACE TO BE CLOSED.
The Executive Committee Beports
Progress on St. Mary's Park.
At a meeting of the executive commit
tee on St. Mary's Park held Saturday in
the basement of St. Mary's Church on i
California street, George D. Shadburne,
its chairman, reported that the title to the !
property was now being searched, and j
until this work had been completed noth- :
ing definite could be done In the way of
commencing condemnation proceedings.
There was much pleasure expressed at
the action of the Supervisors in removing
the conditions upon which the appropria
tion of $75,000 was made, that Is. provided
the mover? of the park scheme would
: raise J25.000 before July. ISS&. As the ap
propriation now stands, It is made avail
able at any time.
After disposing of the park project, the
discussion turned on the removal of the
inhabitants of Bacon place. With the
establishing of this park a movement will
be made to close Bacon place on the south
side of Pine street. Superintendent of
Streets Ambrose has been requested to
remove the gates, but he has refused,
unless furnished with an ' order from
Mayor Phelan. which has not been forth
coming up to date. A similar request has
been made to Chief of Police Lees, but
the old man positively declines to move in
, the matter. He says he has no official
knowledge of Bacon place being a public
street, and, further, he would not act
unless fortified by an ordinance from tae
i Supervisors signed by the Mayor.
"Anakesis" cures piles. For free sample
ad. "Anakesis," Tribune building. N. T. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAM,, MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1898.
TRANSPORTS
MAY LEAVE
ON SUNDAY
Necessary Repairs Are
Being Rushed.
REAR ADMIRAL MILLER HERE
TO TTTRN THE COMMAND OVER
TO COMMODORE KAUTZ.
Death of Captain Cattennole — Eva
Hess Went to Victoria on the
Walla Walla as Flor
ence Cooper.
The transport Indiana got in yesterday
morning and the Newport will probably
arrive to-day. Buth vessels left Manila
In fairly good trim, but the Indiana has
taken a' very long time to get back. She
made the run to Yokohama in fourteen
days and there she coaled. From Yoko
hama to San Francisco she took twenty
six days, or nearly a fortnight longer
than the Mail steamers. A slight break
In her machinery was the cause of the
delay. The Newport is only twenty-seven
days out from Manila but she called at
Kobe and sailed again on September 22.
so she should be here at any hour now.
The Senator will come off the Union
Iron Works drydock to-day and the Va
lencia will take her place. The Ohio will
go on the T'nion Iron Works drydock to
day also and as soon as she has been
overhauled the Indiana will take her
place. The latter vessel went direct to
the quarantine station and will be fumi
gated before, she goes on tne drydock. The
Newport will follow the Valencia at the
Union Iron Works and an effort will be
made to get all five vessels away next
week. If they can be fitted out by Mon
day they will leave in a Dunch. If not.
the Senator will sail next Sunday and the
others will follow as they are got ready.
The cruiser Philadelphia 1b baok at her
old anchorage off Folsom street wharf.
She went down to Honolulu in the good
time of six days, nineteen hour*, but as
there was no hurry to get home the re
turn run occupied nine days, nineteen
hours. During the first part of the voy
age she was delayed by strong heud
winds. Early yesterday morning Rear
Admiral Miller came ashore and on his
return to the cruiser will turn her over to
Commodore Kautz, who will succeed him
in command of the Pacitic station.
Admiral sillier will go on the retired list
by operation uf law early next month. He
has been more than forty years in active
service and has commanded in all j>u.rt>*
of the world. He has been a member of
the faculty at Annapolis and served with
distinction throughout the civil war and
has therefore seen the evolution of the
wax ship ixom the wooden frigate of Far
ragut's time, through the ironclad to the
steel structure of to-day. He has served
Uncle Sam in all capacities and his faith
ful service of forty years practically
ended when he unfurled Old Glory to the
Hawaiian breeze.
The Philadelphia will probably remain
in the stream for a couple of days and
will then go to Mare Island for an over
hauling. , 
Captain John Carl Cattermoie. the well
known ship chandler, died yesterday at
the ripe age. of 74 years. He was hale and
. almost to the last, so his death
comes as a surprise to his hosts of
friends. Captain Cattermoie came here in
1564 in command of the German bark
Gottfried. He ran her between here and
Mexican ports for a long time and then
in IST3 he returned to Germany. He sold
out a!l his interests in that country and
with his family came back to San Fran
c!s=oo For a time he ran on the coast in
the old bark Bohemia, but finally he gave
up the sea and went into the ship chand
1 sry business which he conducted, along
with his son Charles H., up to the day or
his death.
The steamer Wo Ha Walla arrived from
Puget Sound ports yesterday, and her
officers bring news Of Eva Hes«. the
young girl who disappeared from 2>'S
O'FmrreU itreet a few days ago. She
went north on the Walla Walla as Flor
ence Cooper and became very friendly
with a drummer who was making the
trip to Seattle. Eva or Florence became
very lively the eecond day out from San
Francisco" and the chief steward had to
send her to her room on one or two occa
p'.ons. At Victoria, B. C, she left the
vessel, and on the return trip of the
Steamer some of the crew say they saw
her on The street in company with *
couple of fast women. The girl was
alone during the voyage and evidently
went north of her own volition.
Wong Sam. an old. frif-ndle?s and pov
erty-stricken Chinese, attempted to com
mit suicide on the water front yesterday.
The last 10 cents he had in the world he
invested in a Chinese lottery ticket, and
when it did not win anything he walked
down to Union-street wharf and Jumped
overboard. Some of the crew of a Brit
ish ship fished him out and took him to
the Harbor Receiving Hospital, where
Drs. Fitzglbbon and Green brought him
around.
William Thompson, a driver at Palo
Alto, had a narrow escape from drowning
early yesterday morning. H-? was drunk
and wandered into the bay from Mission
street wharf. Dr. Green who was asleep
in the Harbor rteceiviag Hospital, and
George W. Pratt, who was asleep on the
State tug Governor Irwin, heard his
soreamß for help and went to his assist
ance. They got a loop of a rope over
Thompson's shoulders and under his
arms. Then It took four of them to get
him on the wharf. Thompson went back
to Palo Alto last night after signing the
pledge.
The ship William H. Macy which was
recently purchased by Eschen & Miner
for the coasting trade, is receiving a
thorough overhauling. She is on the dry
dock being recalked and coppered and put
in first-class trim. Captain Slater trill
be her new master, and her first voyage
will be to Seattie for a load of coal.
The American ship A. G. Ropes arrived
from New York yesterday after a smart
passage of 13S days. Captain Rivers
sailed her through the Straits of Le
Maire. and on August S was caught in
a blizzard. The crew had a hard time of
it keeping warm and some of them were
slightly frostbitten. In Ifi north 119 west
the Ropes caught the southern edge of a
hurricane but it did not do much damage.
She brings a general cargo to Wiliiams,
Dimond 7k Co.
The steamer Fulton arrived yesterday
from St. Michael via Dutch Harbor,
ttle and Grays Harbor. On her way
down the coast she picked up the.#choon
er Berwick in a waterlogged condition
and towed her to the mouth of the Co
lumbia River, where she was turned over
to the tug Escort. The Berwick is now
at Astoria. She was from Nehalem River
to San Francisco when she sprang aleak
and became waterlogged.
hundreds of masons
'will be in line
Preparations for the Dedication of
the Widows' and Orphans'
Home at Decoto.
Every member of the Masonic order in
San Francisco Is working with might and
main to make the ceremonies incident to
the dedication of the Widows' and Or
phans' Home a success. The masters ar.d
wardens of all the citr lodges held a
meeting Saturday night, at which a pre
liminary report on the arrangements for
the big parade was made. It was esti
mated that not less than 1590 n*>n would
be In line and this numh«r may be iargciy
exceeded. There is no doubt that it will
be the greatest turnout of Masons In this
city since the funeral of President Gar
field.
If the weather is propitious there will
be not less than 6000 people in attendance
at the ceremonies at Dtrcoto on Wednes
day and the committees having the :tft;>lr
in charge are bending every energy to
provide for the comfort and entertain
ment of the throngs.
HOLMES WON
THE TEN-MILE
ROAD RACE
A Reliance Club Rider
Victorious.
FIRST OF 115 STARTERS
JULIUS SMITH OF SAN JOSE
TOOK TIME HONORS.
A Muddy Road for Half the Distance
Prevented Record Breaking,
but the Race Was Speedy
Nevertheless.
Oakland and San Jose divided equally
the honors of the California Associated
Cycling Clubs* big ten-mile road race
across the bay yesterday morning, C.
Holmes of the Reliance Club winning
first place and Julius Smith of the Gar
den City Wheelmen making the fastest
time.
The event was the fifth annual handi
cap of the association and it differed in
many respects from the four previous
ones. There were 115 entrants, the larg
est list of starters ever entered in an
event of the association. Of this number
16 were scratched, and of the 99 actual
starters 73 finished.
There were no serious accidents to mar
the sport, something unusual in this
style of a race. Several men suffered
from slight falls and the usual dozen or
so punctured wheels were In evidence,
but that was all. The condition of the
road from the start at Fniitvale for
about the first three miles of the dis
tance precluded any thought of record
breaking. The recent rains had left a
layer of mud two or three inches deep
through which riding was slow and te
iluus. Occasionally there would be a
narrow strip of dry going where the men
had to line up in Indian file and "follow
the leader" until a better stretch was
reached near the electric road power
house at Elmhurst. From there or; to
San Leandro the course improved, though
still rough and muddy in places. From
San Lt-andro to about a mile before Hay
wwrds wui reached a newly made road
was found with a perfect surface, and
here many a link was let out that forged
some epeedy man ahead and blighted the
hopes of his slower competitors.
"Ihe entrance to the town of Haywards,
the linish of the race, was so muddy :hat
it had to be rolled for several hours in
the morning before the racers arrived to
put it into any kind of shape, and then
it was very uncertain in places. Under
these conditions the best time made, 2.
minute* 46 seconds, was very fast, even
when compared with the great r
made by Howard \V. Squires in 1896 of
L4.-V.
The handicaps of the different starters
varied from nothing to three and a half
minutes. Holmes, the winner of first
place, was on the 3.13 mark and had prac
tically an eusy race of it. He overtook
the half dozen men ahead of him before
they had covered half the distance, and
crossed the tape alone, fifty leet ahead
of the second man. It was the third man.
however, whom he might well be afraid
of, and he was Julius Smith, time prize
winner. Smith started from the l:lfl
mark, and practically gained two minutes
on Holmes. He was coming so fast at
the nnish he would surely have landed in
fir?t pi; !( 'c had the race lasted another
quarter of a mile. As it was he took
third place and first time, beating out
the scratch men for the latter honor by
almost a minute.
It was expected that J. E. M Ing. the
Olympics' pride, who was given no handi
cap would get the time prize, but he was
out of form. Another thing that upset
Wing's chances was the fact that of the
six men on scratch but three started,
Wing, Hozlo and Llnd. Fuller, Russ and
Delmas kept out for reasons of their
own- This lessened the pacing material
of the scratch men and they were unable
. as well as they might otherwise
have dune.
Deacon. Reliance Club; L.tvinps=tnn. Bay
Cltv Henderson. Olympic, and Clark,
Garden City, met with falls along the
route which spoiled their chanc-s, but
none of them were badly hurt. The other
accidents were side slips caused by the
mud and many a weak-hearted rider,
tired from the stiff pace, used the occa
sion as an excuse to drop out then ani
there and eeek the cool seclusion of a
wayside inn. of which there are many on
the* San Leandro-Haywards road.
The arrangements for the race wen
very complete, and the prize list ej
ingly liberal, there being twenty
place prizes, the best of which was a suit
of clothes, and three time prizes, the nrst
being a gold watch. The linieh was well
patrolled and ropes stretched along the
road there kept back the crowd and
avoided the possibility of a serious acci
dent at that point.
Julius Smith, the winner of the time
prize, is an old stager at the racing game.
He made his initial bow on New Year's
Day of IS*S at the track constructed with
in the old Haight street baseball grounds,
and won. a couple of events on the high
or "ordinary" machine. Evfr since then
he bas been racing on the track and road
with varying success, and no track or
road event is seemingly complete without
Smith's entry. He is Just as fast to-day
as ever, as witness his performance of
yesterday.
On the other hand. Holmes, winner of
first p!ac<». is a new comer in the racing
game, and "Pop" Jerome, the mentor of
things cycling in the Reliance Club, is
so pleased with his protege's victory that
he proposes to tender him and tha other
Reliance racers a banquet some night thi =
week in honor of the achievement.
The timing and judging at the finish
was remarkably efficient when the diffi
culties of those positions are considered,
although the duties devolved upon but a
few. Chairman Loos of the racing board
had appointed twenty-nine scorers, timers
and judges, but many of these loitered
along the road to watch the race, and
came In to the finish when it was all over.
They were never missed, however, for the
few who were there did their work well.
Special cr«<slt in this respect Is due to
Timers Wetmore. Montealegre, Stodiiard
and Bailey, Judges Kerrigan. Mullen and
Boeckman. and Scorers Owen, Hammer
smith. Clark and Spalding.
The following table will show the con
testants, th^ir positions at the 'finish,
clubs, handicaps and net riding times for
the ten miles:
■ :
CONTESTANT. '
c
!
Ba
: i
: 5"
1 C Holmes. (Reliances 3:15 ;*>:«>
2 Frank Volmer .... G»C. W. 3:li B:4 '
3 Julius Smith to. C. W.I 1:13 '27:43
4 A T. Smith .'....(. Acme. I 1:13 17:49 2-:
i (Arthur McDonald.. G. C. W. 3:<v> 2J:35
6 'I. W. I>>tcher >' C W.I 1:15 [S:SO 2-;
I E. M. 8arne5.. ..... O. C. W. 2:15 J25:."l
8 V. A. Cur!1n........fG. C. W. 3:00 !»:36 ♦-!
9 E. A. ITI— I {I. C.C. IM 2S;3S 2-1
19 W. W. Thompson..! E. C. 2:00 !»SJ7
11 F. C. Evans Rylance 3:%> J3S:II 2-:
12 IE. B. WasUe......iG. C. W. 2:45 !»:5* 2-!
13 JJohn H0b50a...... O. C. W. 3:15 ;%>:l9 1-1
14 E F. Brown ....... j E. a 3:30 30:36
II W. 3. Davidson B. C. W. 1:00 !25:2» 4-!
1$ R. J. Black B. C.W. 1:08 J?:23
IT ! George Howe ..18. C. W. 2:15 ;23:4l
IS A. Bannister...... .(Reliance 3.0) :33:27
If !D.! D. E. Francis G. C. W. s:t>3 {Ti-^S
S Daw Arata G. C. W. 2:15 i»:45
21 Charles Rneper..... 18. C.W. 2:C 30:16
a L. J Harnm«-sir.!th O. C. W.\ i:l3 ,33:4« 2-:
13 C. H. Metzler.......jG.C. W. - 3:15 30:« 8-;
24 Eddie Adams ...... JO. C. W. 3:3*5 31?)1 4-i
25 E. O. Kra«ness....!O. C. "W. :43 JiSUT
?> Gail Harden brook.. G. C. W. . :45 2S:".T 1-;
27 A. Garfield.. ....... .{Reliance 2:45 .M:l7 2-5
2$ T. SchJeuter [Acme 1:45 25:17 3-'
29 F. A Jams....: Reliance 2:!5 |»:43
30 R. A. Coulter G. C. C. I.JO IBM 4-1
II T. D. We 115......... B.C. W. 8:15 30:17
32 H. D. 8ean........ O. C, W. 1:30 ;«:33
S3 M. F. R05«.. ....... Acme 2:13 »:l»
34 •■«■. Ped1ar.......... B. C. W. 2:45 30-^0
So IGeorse Kroeti...... O. C. W. 1:39 25:37
35 1Per15e.Xace......... C. C. C. 2:13 i 30:23
37 W. E. Valencia... G. C. W. 2:30 39:»
35 'P. H. Rosenheinj-lßellance! I:4* 29:55
39 A. P. -Deacon.. Reliance 1:00 2933
*) ! George Ferris Acme. j 2:«t 30:33 1-i
41 H. E. ■Warren......! ICC. J 2:15 [30:13 2-;
42 [G. D. Cramer 'Reliance
43 'George Freeman... Acme.
44 |J. E. Wins O.C.W.
45 I. R. Land ' Acme, j
M j. K. Mir.hoi: G. C. V.
■IT L. H Pinlth O. C. W.
48 Frank Carroll ;O. C. W.
4S J. W. Klngsley....|O. C. W.
E6 H. S. Beach S.F.R.C.
El W. Uuhser B. CW.
El F. G. Coxhead jßelianeej
Bl B. A. Bozio O. C. W.
Ti W. F. Martin Reliance;
55 Q. P. Thorn G. C. VV.;
56 {Charles Bowers B. C..W.
67 \V. C. Stevens.... I. C. C. I
I W. N1cb011»....(G. C. W.
59 [M. G. Curtis f.\ E. C. |
«0 G. C. Franrk Reliance;
61 A. O. Hoffman I. C. C.
62 T. Le BalUater.... I. C. C.
03 P. L. Dezert I. C. C
64 C. M. Bouton I. C. C. I
65 |C. R. Worrell I. C. C
66 !R. H. O. Bohr B. C. W.
67 P. Baldwin ! Acme.
U W. Rhodes [O. C. W.
69 jJohn Chesney B. C. W.
n L,. nplllane...' II.C. C.
71 C. C V. Reeve | E. C. I
72 J. Younjr j Acme. 1
T3 J. X. Lind II.C. C.
1 2-30 131:03 3-5
1 3:30 32:03 4-5
Bcrch M:35
scrch 25:35 1-5
2:30 131:06
1:45 130:23
2:00 30:3S 1-5
1:30 30:09
2:13 30:57 2-5
2:00 30:42 3-5
2:30 31:13
'perch 28:44
3:30 132:15
1:15 30:11 1-5
: 2:30 31:50
1:45 31:07 '
! 3:00 (32:54
1:30 131:24
2:00 132:01 4-5
i 3:00 i 33:08 4-5
2-15 ::53 1-5
2:30 |33:0S 2-5
1 2:30 133:08 3-5
' 2:45 33:23 4-5
: 2:45 '33:24 1-5
3:00 .a:3? 2-5
3:15 133:54 3-5
' 2:30 33:35
3:15 34:55 2-.-.
2:46 (35:12 2-5
, 2:30 35:22 3-5
' 2:45 35:54
SENATOR NEARLY READY.
The Valencia Will Sail Next Week,
and Possibly the Ohio.
The coming week will be a busy one in
military circles. It promises much to the
soldiers now encamped at the Presidio j
for the Senator will sail for Manila with
some of the forces now here and in con
sequence interest is at fever heat among
the soldiers, who are eager to learn which
command will be sent away first. Yester
day General Merriam called on General
Miller for the complete field returns of all
the troops in his command. This he did
for the purpose of seeing how to t-est se
lect commands to go on the dilferent
transports. They have to be chosen with
regard to the capacity of the vessel. One
important thing will be observed in send
ing away the transports, and that is that
the vessels will not be so crowded as for- ■
merly. It was evident that the former ex
peditions were overcrowded, and this
caused great inconvenience to the men.
and no little suffering, and was doubtless
responsible for some of the deaths that
occurred on board ship.
The order assigning troops to the Sena
tor will be Issued from department head
quarters to-morrow or next day. The Va- ;
lencia will sail next week and possibly the
Ohio if she can be got ready, but there j
are a number of alterations to be made
in her. The Indiana and the Newport will
hardly get away next week, although I
there is a bare possibility of their doing
so. General Merriam was Informed yes- i
terday that the transport Peru sailed
from Manila on Saturday.
Colonel Smith of the Tennessee R^
ment has been ordered by General Miller
to send one non-commissioned officer ana !
a private to Fresno to bring back Private .
William Casey of Company M. who is con- ,
fined there as being insane. Casey went ;
to Fresno some time ago upon a furlough
to visit friends, and a few days ago Colo- ;
nel Smith was informed by his friends
that Casey has become insane and had !
been confined. He reported the matter to
General Miller and was ordered to send
for the man. Colonel Smith does not know
any of the particulars Of Casey's sudden
insanity. ■
Captain C. A. Rogers, assistant surgeon
Sixth California, has been assigned to the
California Heavy Artillery; Assistant Sur- '
geon Captain J. B. Ladd. Seventh Cali- !
fornia Regiment, has been assigned to the
Third Battalion of "the Twenty-third In
fantry. Private C. B. Crawford. Hospital
Corps, U. S. A., upon the advice of the j
chief surgeon has been appointed acting j
hospital steward.
Major P. H. Whitman, Twentieth Kan
sas, has been detailed upon fhe general
court-martial, relieving Colonel J. H.
Wholley, First Washington. Captain A.
C. Gillem, First Tennessee, has been
granted a fifteen days' furlough.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
We Open Our
Campaign This Week!
OUR REMARKS
are directed to the women of the
homes those who delight in prac-
ticing economy when buying. And
the best economy in the world is in
buying needed furniture, carpets,
curtains and floor coverings at just
one-half of the prices asked else-
where. Our money-saving 750-Mls-
sion-street prices are famous.
INDIANAPOLIS
FURNITURE
CO.
750 Mission St.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
■■__ i"Wi-^ "" c cure ■weakness
.^"^■^fc-jS^'^Sf^^SW* &n d'seases of Men.
DebJllty. Cor.*.?»g;o-as
tXEfcf *??}•} Bloofl Pciscr. ar«i
g*^g*f l^-!* contracted alln-.er.ts.
Kjyi^ irt quickly ani [-"rrnan-
[^S" wO r-^d inedJcal lr.aMtu-
k\^j P^y yZf tlon ca the P&clSc
Established 17 Tear s
r^^'i Prlrate Ixrsk and
i^iv^v^^li^^ '-advice free at our I
&ZM. f^^^^S^^A office or i>r mail. A!l
rg^3\ •«««" sacredly cos-
DR. Meyer's & CO.,
731 Market St., S. F.
I
•Munjfon's Headache and Indigestion Cure
• Is the only remedy on tL<; market that
will cure every form of Headache in 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
"alate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be In every home and
every traveler's ■ rlpsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures. 25c.
NERVITA ****** VITA »-rnr
1 XlEiT 1 V ' '■ ** lost vigor,
JsSSm """"WAND MANHOOD
EEr** ~_l Cure* Lr-poteoev NijhJ FiTMrrm and w»rin»
WS&^ 3 dseax*. ill fiSecS cf s=lt-*ix,-ve. or citcn icis j
wj t^Jy. Jo^acrKJoQ. A nerre^aoic aad fcl- ml tuaifali i_ j
? Xj> ' «pVr Bfiogs the piok glow to paie cbeeks aod rs»
St JB>w / start *« fire of rash. By toad 500 per
Mk^^L box; 6 bcztsnr $2.50; ■with a wrieen
fJlS^S?^e«ar«ate to curt or refuod die usoorr.
Rcirita medical Cc, CKstca « 3«clb«i m., CMc^Sl
WALLER BROS.. 23 Grant aye.. San Francisco.
£^^^& RUPTURE.
mfT '^ry tSE NO MORE IP.ON-
JtWl'Sl&ksizgSSjr Hocpa or Steel Sprtacm.
S-—^t^^=»^ Rupture retained with »a,,
& —^JS-'VX * 2 «o=>'ort. and thousands ridl- !
ST fM±*i -**"»■ C ii RED by DR. PIERCE- 3
1/f 1 Mlp " ac ElartJe.Trnm. C7"CalI at
%aF efflce or write for New Pamphlet No 1.
.MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
C 9 Market at., opp. Palace Hotel. San FraacJ»co
ADVERTISEMENTS. _^___^
g»| "Why don't you chew Battle Ax?"
El #^d4l^ &V a strong proposition: C
§ PLUG ers! It is not "cheap" §
© tobacco because it is sold at a low price. ©
Cl It is the very best piece of chewing tobacco Cl
© ever sold at any price, and it is possible and profit- ©
fable to sell a large piece of this high-grade tobacco §|
at so low a price because ( there is five times S
H more of it sold than any other kind in the world* |||
| pemember the name §
| ■ X when you buy again. |
B-ALLEOAD TRAVEL.
•orTUKRx r*«iiric iompast.
(PAOIFIC lIMIH.I
Tfal iir l^ftve nnci nrf <liitf (• nFrlve nl
MAM niAW<:i»«:o.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.) |
.save — F*om Oct. 9, 1838. — ARitrTr
•G:0o* NilK. San Jose and Way Stations... •8:15 4
7:OOa Brr.ici*. Miiauo snd Sacr»iaento.... lOs-15*
7:»<»a MkrjSTllle, OroTiileaiid Raiding Tia
Woodland B:X3i
T:OO.\ nmira. VacaTi'.lc and Ramsey 8:43p !
7:5" a .Martliicr.. sir. K.\moii,V»!lejo. Napa,
f»ll«trg* and Santa Hf»a Bil3»
*:«O» At;»i.-.. r:xpr«!<«. Off'"'* bi«l r.a't.. Si-ISp
is.io. San .hut, Htiieiitnti. Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, .Marysr:..-,
Chlco, Teh»roa and Rr.l ItiuS -lilSp
*::io \ Stockton, f»altd*leand Jamestown. . ?i IS|>
*»:3Oa M.iW-u , •Tiiap
0:0Oa Martinez, Tncy. Latbrop, Msrcfd
rod Fresno ;.. I2:tar
jooa Frnun, Haienififld. Santa llarl>ara.
Los Angeles. D?ralrg, El Pico.
New Orleans and K^et «:43r
Fresno, Mcndoti, Tracy and Mar-
Uj62 6:43r
"»:on Vailfjo. M»rti;ici and Way Stations 7>45i
•t:QOr Sacramento lU»er S:i»«n •!»:Oiip
1 Mies. -)i;i Jo«e and Way Stations ... 11:43 a
San ,?o»e, Xllrs anil Way Sutions... J": I*A
2:«M>p Nilej. Tracy, Af-ndota, Har.fi-rd and
VU»Ua *:lSr
I.lTf-r in ore, San Joee, Nile» and Way
rJUtions :!•: I » *
l:OOp Martinez. Km Itnmoti, Vallejo.
N»pa. i':<l»M">e«. K.i Veraufi and
K«tita lrr-v» Oil 3*
4:«>»p nmida. V»c*Ti,le. r. ouland,
Ki>ls!it» l.miiiiif, JlarjsTille, <>ro-
Title »mlfhMaiwliilil 10:43 a
4:3 >T H*ywwls. Mies and San Jose 7:4-»a
.1sO»p Mar.iivT., Tracy. Mr:,,lfit», Kreano,
.Mi;.Yr. Santa Barbara and !.■!»
A- .'. m »:*•■»*
SiOop N»v.ta Vk Hnnle. Atlantic »;irre«»
for M..i*fr and Kast 0:43p
."»:3«pXii-c, San Jo»«, Tracy, l*turop.
Merced ana Fresno..... •
5:30p Stockton l«:l»p
C:aar Karoneaa Mail, o^d-i. aud r.ast »:43a
*8:OO|- Vallr^i 12513p
t7:oop V»!lfjo, Port Costa arid Way 5ta-
ti0n5.......... J9:l3p
«:(>«r Orrgon If i I—. flaw ■iwmli i. Marjß-
tillo. ltci.'.iMK. IVrti^ii •!. I'liee'
H..1.H.1 a.-.: l^t.t .... B:iaA
iia J.KA.NUUO am> lU»HAltl>> local.
'.Foot of Market Street.) .
jlelro^e. sem-narj I'ark, f
S.-OO* ' Kttfhbur^ Klrahar»t. f .f,:*i»*
ta:OO* I San l,»ani!rn, Sfiolli '•SB '■' ••***
IO.»»»A I.fandro, »tn!ill«,
»1.-OOa Lorenzo. Cherry ' iiUSr
M«2£ j anJ ail^.
•£J» HaywarH*. tS:4S P
'"• or I i Rons thronji. to Nlle« " 7:11.
7 I I mm NiiiM I
L'oa!»T tIIVI^IOS i >«rro»T Imnft,'. ~
(Foot of Market Street.) '■
■:l»A?T«wark.<' ! eiitrr»iili».SaaJo»e.Fplton.
15. i dtr Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
rotations 5:30p
>S:isp Hmrk. Centerrille, San Jose, New
Alroiden. Felton. BonMer Creek,
C^uta Crux and Principal Way
Stations.... M©:sOa
4:13p Nevr^rk. .San Jose and Los Gate*... 9:2O«.
li43p Hnr.ters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way SUtlom :*:2of
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
>nisi!i ntllClSCO— r*9t •' Mirkit Street <SS> 8)—
•7:16 Ml ll:OU».si. ti:00 *2:5: t3:"
•i:C3 JS:O3 'BiC-Crji.
'tMI OilUlJ— FMlflf3raii»»7.— '6:oo 8.-00 10:00*. «
,tIS::C '1:03 J8:00 ;3:8:; 3:8: U:Q3 *5:«P.b"
7?. M>T>! limsit»> (Uroad Usase).
(Third and To use- d SU.) "
7-.OOA Man J.*e ami Way .-.biii.,iui (New
Almaden Wednevlays only) !:30p •
9:00. Man J«e, Tres 111...." Hunt* Cnir
Taclric <:ro»e, ¥»™ )toJ4cs. San
I4«I» «Ui«)»f>, liiiaiiA'u;'e. stuf and
l*rinc!i>al Way SUtintin 4:lO!
I Ift a .In** ami Way <;,-i»inii «N:OOa
II:3Oa Sar. J«e ami Way .Stations ...:... &:33a
•S:S-">r Sin Mates, Redwood, Mtclo Park.
L'alo Alto. --art* Clara. >» .!.*•,
tJHroy, H.::;i»ter, Santa Crux,
Snlinaa, Monterey au.l Padtie
Urore .......'_. ...'.,...... *IO:3O« :
•3:3«»p San Jo*e and Way Stations"."....".*.*.*.", "i.-no,
•*« 1 Jo«» an.! Principal Way StathiM 0:43*
•5:«>«P San Jose and Prlncip\l War .Stations 6:3-1*
.»t3Or SuiJms ami Principii Way Stations .V3op
Bz3Or .San Jc*- and WayKtalioM 7:::i>r
>"**»> San Jose ami Way Stations 7;SOp
A for Morjiicg. "■ 1> for .Aftemnoo.
• *n. ,.!»,« rwfted. J Sasdayi onlr. I .Sxtnnlnrsoii'.y- ■
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sauselito Ferry.
FROM BAM rRANOifcCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAX KAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O. *S:3O, 11. -00 i. m. : »I:4S, '■
3M3. 5:15, •€:(». 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday. '
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:39 p. m.
SUXDATS— •S:«. 10:00, »U:S) a. m. ; 'ins,
*&>. •*:>:.. $:1S p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Qaei I • •
FROM SAX RAFAEL TO SAX FRAXCISCO. I
WEEK DATS— S^S, *S:C. 7:45, »9.-30 a. m.; .
•!*:». 2:23, »3:45. ':0S p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS ca Mondays. Wednesdays i
arid Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUXDATS— «:», IM, ,, # 1D:00. "13:35 a. m : i
•1:15, *3:19. 4:40. «S :*) p. m.
Trains marked • Ftart from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAX FRANCISCO. ■
WEEK DATS— * *'. 6:45, 7:55. >:40 a. in.;
1!:SS, 5:45. 3 7-3. c ■:» p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
ir.d .-aturia>-s at T:O>j p. m. MM
SUXDATS— SK». 10^6 a. m.: 12:05. 1:20. 3:36.
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN?
7:20 a. in.week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
5-00 a. m. Sundays — DancanMlUs end ■way rta'a. '<
MOUNT TAUALPAIS SCENIC SAILY/0.
• (Via. Sausalltu Ferry.)
; Leave San Francisco. comaieaclCE Sunday
| Sept. :: Ml
Week Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— SO), 1O:», U^s a. m.. 1:15 p. m. .
Round trlpjfrom Mill Valley. «.
THOS. COOK. & • SON. Agents, en Market
I street. San Francisco. '
BAILBOAD TRAVEIj.
calTforma northwesternTy. CO.
lessee
m FRABCISCO ARD NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
week DAYS— 7:3O. 9:OC, HCO a. m.; 12:35.
330 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:^>
and II :3") p. m. „ „
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, . 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 2.30.
5: SAN :2 RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:10. 7:^o. 9:?). 11:10 a. m ; 12:45.
3-40 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
SufDTYS^lo: -^40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. J:4«.
BUNDATS— «:M, &W. M:M a. m. : 1:40. 3:4*.
5:0O, 6t2S i». m. - — • - -
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
Fame schedule as above.
Leave t Arrive
San Francisco. ' In Effect ; San Francisco.
1 Jur. ■ 23, ' — ■
Week i Sun- I^SS. I Sun- | Week
Days. ! days. Destination. | days, j Days.
7:3") am 8:00 ami Novato |lo:4oam| B:4oam
3:3o pra! 9:3o ami Petaluma. j 6:lopm;lo:23am
s:l»pm 5:00 pm! Santa Rosa. ( . :*jpmj 6:~ pm
Fulton.
7 -30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
,id<=burg.
Lytton.
Ger=ervt!le,
2^opm ?:O0am) Cloverdale. 7:33pm 6::: pm
7-30 ami I Hoplan.l and , 10:25 am
3:3opm) 8:00 am) ::ah. 7:Kpm 6:22pm
7:30 am) . !lQ:2Gam
* S:ooam GuerneviUe. j 7:35pm)
3:20 pm] j • 6:22 pm
7-30 am' S :00 am — Sonoma 13:40 an 8:40 am
I f and
C :10 pm' 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:lopm 6:22 pra
( : : 1 ■
7:3>ami S:ooam{ SebastopoL 10:40 am 10:25 am
3^U)pm| 3:»pm! ! 7:3.'>pm| 6:22 pm
Staees connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Pr»rin~: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
wrvUle for Ska^ps Sprint?? ; at Cloverc.. for
the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs. Kelserville, Carlsbad
Spring?. Soda Kay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Sprin~; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Bine Lakes. Laurel D<?11 Lake, Upper
Lake. Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's. River-
Fide. Lierley*3. Buckr.ell's. inbedrln Heights.
Htillvill*". Booneville. Orr's Hot Springs. Men-
dccino City, Fort Bragg, Westport. Usal.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays rour.d trip tickets to all pcinU
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 63) Market Et.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WKITIXG. R X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO. }
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car«
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Car*
Run on the Following Tims:
L«ave San Francisco. s p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.S.
Arrive Denver S:CO p. m.. W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas C1ty..7:00 a. m.. T.F.3.5.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T. W.
Arrive Chicago 9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior .Meals at Very Reason-
able Rates.
YOU WILL BH COM PORTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa Ps.
SAM FBAICISCB TicttfiimcE— m "mm st.
TELEPHOXE MAIN I^o.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 23l J Street. .
Sr.n JosaO£c9 — 7 West Bute Clara Si
THE SAR-FRABGISGO AUD SAM JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
; Frcnj <Jvi. itt. l&x ira-ni wni run &s jollows:
: Fouth-b.;und. i I Xorth-bound.
Pass«n-j Mixed, i Mixed. |Pa»sea-
' s«rr. «SuD4ayi Sun<iayj ger.
Dally. jExc'ptdj Stations. r^c'ptdj Dally.
s:2oarr- r.'^zrr. Stockton ( 3:45 pmj 7:00 p*a
■ il^Oanii'.'iSOprn Merced lT:>lp:n} s:l3pnj
12:t-jpm? 4:1-1 pm Fresno i:J)am 3:upm
; l:3Spm| «:«pm Hanford T:4saia| 2:40 pia
; i:iZftin) 11 liipni Bak*>r32*;d I:3lftrajl2:l3pm
i I:sShk| 7:^3prnl VUaHa 6:;>aa;i 2'^Opta
. Stf>pp:ng at intermediate points as required
; Ccanectlcns-rAt Stockton uteamboats of
: Callfcrnla Xavijralion j.zd Improvement Com-
pany, savins San Francisco at 5 p. m dally
excepting Sunday, and Stockton at 7 13 D in.'
daily. v '
For stage connection* see official Use tab!«
or Inquire at Traffic Manager s Office 521 Mar-
| ket street- • , *
I DR.MCNDLTY.
JtJf%h£" cvr ** **£*«. Nervous. aa^i Blood Di».
iSSdLR^SU;; I^ 8 - T *"««re^>nabferH^r^
S3^!f 081 **^ «*• Mondays. «> t" 1^ Coosai-
taiJoafreeaadsacreUJyconadentlaL CaHoTmOOnm
»*, ; £ r " P. ROHCOE SIcXCLTY, ■
2C% Beinr St., Baa Francisco, Cal.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
TRYING TO
SAIL UNDER
FALSE FLAGS
Bogus Argument of
the Candidates.
FAIR PLAY ASSURED ALL
NEED OF A STATESMAN AT
THE CITY HALL.
Experience of a Visitor With, a City
Official — Impressions
That Have Gone
Abroad.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, October 9.
For the next thirty days it would well
become the Republicans of Alameda
County to possess their souls and bodies
in patience. There Is certainly no need to
ie hysterical. The regular Republi
can ticket, it is true, has aroused Boma
opposition within the ranks of the party,
and an independent movement is said to
be threatening all kinds of calamities at
the polls. These Independents, it seems.
to me, are wasting a great deal of energy
and thunder. They are decrying the
methods of everything done under the au
thority of the regular Republican party
of the county. They even go oehind the
primaries and I ■ they
were held tho ticket had been made up,
and that primaries and convention were
. for the purpose of blinding the
public.
Now all this may be true or false, it
rs not. The public ma-- be I
sometimes, but even the astute Republi
■■f Alameda County cam :
r— n< ith< r can the independents.
It is safe to assume that owing to the
1 scattered and broad rial
supplied to the Intelligent ;
of this county, each voter Is now cogni
sant of all the facts, and can deduce his
conclusions. Each voter can I
for himself the mai
even office. There is no compulsion and
ssity for the regulars to ridicule
the independents or for the Independents
tp obloquy on the regulars. All have
efore the public ami he'd aieir con
ventlons, made their nominations, and
this '■ !-:■■*
tern of effort known as "campaigning.
T!>- ' "i when voters can
have a ticket forced down their throats.
The candidate who is turned down at the
who scorns a convention
. | crookedness is in a
.. -Sully than the man
■who r rty nomination, and
inflict upon the
public his grievances, because they have
6n provided fur and the remedy is
in his own hands.
It would be well for every candidate
who is running as an independent to
refresh bis memory with the purii
election law. That law v.
r and perhaps better for a candidate
t his nam the public. It
him absolutely nothing but a little
effort and perhaps a dime's worth ol
ry_ certainly no m" rt> - The " :
of the - s much to
place his name on the ballot as those
lu.minai.-'l :< - "here
-.• for kicking against
part} for each man is th<
judge of his own ambition and ntnee
an prevent him from
privileges, what ground
for reviling a party
■t nominating him? The voters l.nd
me placed before them In th<
K>th jusi as plainly and just as fair
they do those of the regular par-
XI c only man
can have with the ballots now in
that his 11! - '' ' " Z , li s' Jn
"A." and surely j n< man will be dis
gruntled on this account.
Since it is evident that the name of
every candidate, party or non-partisan,
■will get before the voters, it will be Inter
esting, this November, especially, to no
tice the verdict of the county regarding
the people running for offices. Although
there were mistakes made at San Le
andro. there were possibly a few made at
Germania Hall by the independents, and
yet I do not think that the preponderance
of public support will be accorded the
Germania Hall ticket. There are good
m"n among its candidates, and the fact
that Ffime are Democrats and others have
no political party significance, wiU cut
no figure, for on the ballot they will
all appear as independent candidates,
and no one will be on hand to
tell the voters whether such an as
pirant believes in Bound money or pro
tection or favors two or one justices
courts for the city of Oakland The
voters will chose whom they want and
surely nothing fairer can be desired by
any candidate, BO matter what his po
litical belief. ___
Since so much liberty in the matter of
desecrating public parks, highways and
private property Is allowed the candi
dates who wish to place their illustrated
- before the voters, there can be no
objection made by independent candi
dates that they cannot get their names
•c the public. While certain sources
ipplying information may not care
man's views and to BUD
port them all. the telegraph posts, ©ou^y
road fences and blind wails are freeto
all. and a man can bo advertise htaw elf
Without let or hindrance and without any
. xcept that Of material that it will
be entirely his own fault if on November
9 he should discover that he was not
sufficiently known. Everybody is assured
of fair play and rorely no citizen whose
exalted opinion of himself and his civic
duty Induces him to run f.>r office would
desire any unfair advantage over any
cither candidate.
The muddle that now exists at the City
Hall is perhaps the beet object lesson pos
sible of the necessity of party discipline
In municipal government. The present
officials, most of them creatures of a
"committee of twenty-one," which was
and is yet a mystery, are responsible to
no party platform for their actions and
as a resuft Oakland is presenting indta-
Inutable proof that Rev. -Mr. Whitaker
told the visiting Baptists the truth last
week by declaring this to be the "City of
K-uls " There is no sympathy between
iny'two of the excessive number of
branches of the city government and it
to be impossible to bring about har
ißony. Consequently, there Is a stupid
squabble over the tax levy and all the
has b*en informed that th-
Library has been closed, that the schools
will have to be closed for a great portion
of the present ttscal year, that the streets
. .leaned, that in tjb< very heart
of the city is a disease-breeding lake and
from all 'this the natural inference Is
drawn that Oakland's city government
.r aggregation of political
marionettes bent on destroying the fair
name of tin ;r city. Nor is this overdrawn j
— -t is actually short of the truth.
A stranger to Oakland called on a city
official last Saturday, telling him he had a
couple of hours to spare a.nd asked where
he could pleasantly spend the time. "We
have no park, no public museum, no pic
ture gallery, the public library is closed
Just now, but there Is the lake " The
official was baying when he was inter- 1
rupted.
"Lake Herri tt— that cesspool?" asked
the man from Los Angeles, and then an
adjournment was taken to a saloon,
where the official told the visitor that we
had recently witnessed half a dozen po
litical conventions and that there are
more independent candidates for office than
even Oakland has known in the past, and
that there were seven political "demon
strations to choose from in the evening.
The visitor crossed the bay on the next
ferry boat.
; Under exi^jj^g aosx^LUoas ; QftUJaad-icer
...... .- .--.._.. . —— . .-~Trs^ '
talnly cannot grow and be wealthy.
What a farce for the city that gTew upon
the foundation of its private and public
schools until it was known as the Athens
of the Coast, to close her schools and her
free library because a crowd of politicians
are at swords' points and obstinate. It
bae ceased to be ridiculous, it is serious
and if ever an unselfish statesman were
needed, it Is now. No man who thinks
more of his $10 per week salary than of
the public interest can bring the exist
ing complications to an acceptable con j
elusion, and it begins to look as though
wires were already being pulled for the
spring election. STUART W. BOOTH.
Oakland Church Services.
Oakland, Oct. 9.— Rev. W. P. Andrews,
the newly appointed pastor of the As
bury Methodist Episcopal Church South
occupied the pulpit at that church to-day
for the first time.
At the First United Presbyterian
Church Dr. Mario White, the returned
medical missionary from India, spoke m
the morning and at the evening Bervlces
the pastor, Rev. J. M. French, preached
on "God's Dealings With Sinful Men.
"Reasons for Sabbath Observance *>&
the EUbject of Rev. E. K. Bennetts ser
moo at the Twenty-third Avenue Baptist
Church to-night. . ,_, __
liev. W. S. Bannerman, the African
missionary, occupied the pulpit at tiie
Brooklyn Presbyterian Church to-day, in
the evening he gave an interesting »ara
iive of his experiences among the * ang
tribes of Western Africa. ,
Rev. Deloa Mansfield of San Jose oe
liv. red this morning's sermon at me
Church of the Advent, Episcopal.
Rev. Philip Graif. pastor of the Twentj
flrst Street Tree Baptist Church to-night
delivered the second of a ** ri , e » °* «VI
turea on "Holy Writ," namely. The Bible
the Drama," with a prrfude on Why
Men Do Not Go to Church.
At the Second Congregational Church
this morning a report was read from the
delegates! who attended the association at
Stockton. In the evening Pastor J. \\
Phillips delivered a lecture entitled
"Passing Through Life at Thirty MUafl
of Isaiah," was the subject
of Rev E F Clark's sermon at the
Fruitvale Presbyterian Church this morn-
Rev E. A. Woods D.D., of San Fran-
I the pulpit at the Fitst
urch this morning. In the even-
Ing H. v. > '. 11. Hohart spoke on "A Won
derful Gift for the Asking."
"Citizens of God's City," was the sub
t Rev. K. F. Coyle's morning ser
mon at the First Presbyterian Church.
At St. John's Church the rite of bap
tism was ;iilministered to several mem-
I the choir at this evening's service.
Rev. E. R. Dille at the First Methodist
ipal Church to-night gave an in
teresting talk on "An Interview With an
verted Church Member."
Rev. A. T. Needham delivered a sermon
ung men at the Eighth Avenue
Methodist X; iscopal Church to-night en
titled, "The Youijk Man's Kingship."
"The Reign of the Now Manhood." was
the title 01 Rev. Charles R. Brown's
morning sermon at the First Congrega
tional Church. At to-night's services
Mrs. H. S. Caswell of New York spoke in
audition to the pastor on missionary
v\ ork.
Rev. J. T. Sutherland's sermon at the
First Unitarian church this morning was
on "A Day in Nazareth,"
A Coachman Missing.
OAKLAND, Oct. 9.— George Seymour,
I the coachman of E. Altschul of New York,
• has disappeared, having left no trace of
his whereabouts.
When Mr. Altschul came out to make
'. his annual visit to his Vienna vineyard,
near Llvennore. last month he was ac
companied by his coachman, George Sey
! mour. who was te look up a new team of
borses for his fashionable private N<-w
Tork stables. Mr. Altschul says that
Seymour left LJvermore for a trip to San
' Francisco on September 2 ( j and has not
been seen or heard from since. Seymour
had considerable money in his pos?
when he left, and Mr. Altschul entertains
the gravest fears that his coachman has
met with foul play. The missinp man is
about 28 years of age. of light complexion,
Koinan nose and 5 feet 8 inches in height.
When last seen be wore a dark suit and
dark blue overcoat and black Derby hat.
Decoto Home Dedication.
OAKLAND, Oct. 91 -Thi ••• Masonic
as' and Orphans' Home at Decoto
will be dedicated next Wednesday with
all the formality 'if the Grand Lodge
ntual. The new structure is an Impos
ing building of brown stone and brick
will cost when finally completed in
every detdil $90,000. The offices are fin
. oak, while the other
are In Orego " pine. Three beauti
ful memorial windows, two in the front
no at the landing at the head of
the grand stairway, are the gifts of Mis
sion and Golden Gate Lodges and the
. b 1 Club of Golden Gate Command
cry, K. T., No. 16.
Bled of Typhoid.
OAKLAND, Oct. 9.— Albert L,. Bales, a
private of Company X, Fifty-first lowa
-. who had been under treat
for typhoid fever, died at Fabiola
Hospital late last nitrht. Measles first set
in and this developed into typhoid. De
ceased was aged 19 years.
TEMPERANCE WORKERS
TO MEET IN BERKELEY
DELEGATES WILL COME TO THE
COLLEGE TOWN.
The Annual State Convention of the
Women's Christian Temperance
Union to Be Held Here.
BERKERLEY, Oct. 9.— The next an
nual convention of the Women's Chris
tian Temperance Union for the central
and northern counties of California will
begin in Berkeley Monday, October 17.
The convention will last altogether live
days, from the 17th to the 21st, inclusive.
s- salons are to be held dally, beginning
at S a. m. In the First Presbyterian
Church, corner of Ellsworth street and
Allston way. About 150 delegates, repre
senting some sixty local unions, are ex
pected. Provision has been made for their
entertainment by the ladies of the Ber
keley branch.
A committee, composed of two repre
itives from the different churches in
thi^ city, wiih .Mrs. I. H. Rodgers as
chairman, will receive the visitors and
i to them the hospitality of the uni
versity town.
While th>; programme has not yet been
announced, it is settled that the morn
iii^ and afternoon sessions will be de
voted entirely to the routine of reports
and discussions upon the forty or more
• lepartments of work In which the W. C.
T. U. !•-> Interested, such us woman suf
frage, prison re-form and saloon closing.
Wednesday morning is set uside for the
election of officers. Evenings will be
given up to public meeting*, including ad
dresses by prominent speakers, a con
cert by the ]>•■ Koven Club of Oakland in
- Hall Thursday, and, to close all, a
lie demonstration Friday night
In the same building. Mrs. A. M. Beecher,
M- I)., a relative of Henry Ward Beecher,
is coming from the East as one of the
convention's prominent Speakers.
Monday, the first day of the session, Is
to bo known as Berkeley day. The dele
gate* will then be given a public welcome
to the city. The addresses to be given on
the occasion has been .arranged as fol
lows orge B. Hatch, pastor uf
the First Congregational Church, on be
half of the churches; Professor, Blmer
E Brown on behalf of the State Univer
sity President F. W. Bichards of the
I of Trustees on behalf of thr- city;
Superintendent F. E. Perham of the
School Department on behalf of the
schools; Mrs. George v\ . Haight on be
half of the local union; and, in reply,
Mrs B Sturtevant-Peet, president of the
California W. C. T. U., on behalf of the
State board.
Death of a Pioneer.
ALAMEPA. Oct. 9.— Henry Bense died
this m«.riil!iK at his residence, 1424 Park
street at the age c.f 82 ye*», from ail
ments incidental to old age. Mr Bense
was a native of Massachusetts and cume
to this coast in IMB. He went to the
mines where he had fair success. He
(subsequently enllstud in the army and
fought throuKh the war. Kr turning to
this CWMrt, »><• engaged In business at
Crescent City, and redded there for
years About tea sreere ago he came to
this city and had lived here ever since.
Tie was' in receipt at a pension for die
abilities incurred during his service De
,l was a member or the G. A. R.
and also of the California Society of
Pioneers. He will be buried under the
auMilr-es of the Intter society on Tuesday
At Laurel Hill, Ban Francisco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1898.
HEAVY SLEDGE
HAMMER FELL
ON HIS HEAD
Peculiar Death of J.
McKee.
IT DROPPED TWENTY FEET
.ANOTHER VICTIM OF THE TESLA
EXPLOSION SUCCUMBS.
Coroner Baldwin and a Jury to In
quire Into the Particu
lars of Both Acci
dents.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 9.
Coroner Baldwin and a Jury will next
Wednesday night inquire into the death
of John McKee, who died at Fabiola Hos
pital last Friday night from Injuries sus
tained at the new sugar refinery at
Crockett on Wednesday last.
Deceased came by his death in rather
a peculiar manner. He was passing by a
lime kiln, on the top of which several
men were working, when a heavy sledge
hammer, being lowered by one of the
other workmen by means of a line,
slipped, and, falling- a distance of
about twenty feet, struck McKee on the
top of the head, knocking him senseless
and injuring him fatally.
Deceased was 42 years of age and a
native of Baltimore. He formerly re
sided at Vallejo.
Coroner Baldwin to-day also received
news from Livermore announcing the
death of another of the four men in
jured by the gas explosion at Tesla coal
mine last Tuesday. Axel Norl died from
his injuries yesterday, and to-day Joseph
Patton died under similar circumstances.
Inquests will be held to-morrow at Liv
ermore.
Patton was aged 40 years. The two
others injured in the explosion are still
in a critical condition.
FRIGHTFULLY BURNED
BY A BLAZING LAMP
INSENSATE DEED OF DRUNKEN
WOMAN.
Mrs. Mnlarkey Hurls a Lighted
Lamp at Mrs. Mettie Suits
With Fatal Result.
Mrs. Mettle Suits, who conducts a lodg
ing house at 1046 Folsom street, was prob
ably fatally burned at 1 o'clock this morn
ing by blazing oil from a lamp that was
hurled at her by Mrs. Jane Mularkey, ono
of her lodgers.
Between midnight and 1 o'clock Mrs.
Suits heard a commotion in the room of
Mrs. Mularkey. and. lighting a lamp, she
went downstairs to investigate.
At the door of the woman's room she
rrint Mrs. Mularkey, who also carried a
lighted lamp, which, with no more
warning than a furious oath she hurled
at her landlady's head. It struck the
lamp she carried and both exploded.
The blazing oil set fire to the wrapper
worn by Mrs. Suits, who ran shrieking
into the back yard followed by her daugh
ter Alice, who succeeded in stripping her
mother of the burning clothing. Mrs. Suits
was frightfully burned about the neck and
right arm and lower part of the body,
and is not expected to live.
Mrs. Mularkey was immediately ar
rested upon a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon. She denied having
thrown the lamp, but there are numerous
witnesses who bear out Mrß. Suits' story.
SPAIN DESPAIRS OF
FOREIGN ASSISTANCE
Believed the Peace Commission Will
Complete Its Work Before
Congress Meets.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— The Washington
correspondent of the Herald says: From
dispatches received from Chairman Day
the authorities here are still of the opin
ion that the work of the Peace Comission
will be completed before Congress meets.
Mr. Day takes quite an optimistic view
of the situation. It Is his desire to limit
the time of discussion of various points
raised as much as possible in order that
the negotiations may reach an early con
clusion. Information which has been re
ceived here shows conclusively that Spain
has no further hope of foreign interfer
ence, and this fact leads the authorities
to believe that she will not attempt to
drag the negotiations out as long as she
would if she believed there was a chance
of any European government attempting
to ; ure a modification of the American
terms.
LONDON. Oct. 10.— The Madrid corre
spondent of the Times says it is the pre
vailing opinion there that the Paris ne
gotiations are not proceeding with the
smoothness that is desired. The Govern
ment, it Is understood, shares this opin
ion.
SENSATIONAL RUMOR
COMES FROM SAMOA
Presence of a British Warship Pre-
vented the Hoisting of the
German Flag.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Oct. 9.— The
statement comes from Somoa, per steam
er Warrimoo, that had not H. M. S. Ring
dove been at Apia when King Malletoa
died the Germans would have hoisted the
German flag and seized the island. The
rumor must be accepted with reserve.
Just In- fore Malietoa succumbed to
typhoid fever he was removed to the
residence of the late R. 1,. Stevenson.
but the change produced no improvement
and he was brought back and died.
The Consul of the tripartite powers is
sued a proclamation to the natives an
nouncing the King's death and requesting
them to live peacefully in their homes
until the election of a successor. Malietoa
left no will nor did he Indicate who
should succeed him.
MANY EPISCOPAL SEitMONS.
Eminent Divines Occupy Washing-
ton's Pulpits.
WABHINGTON, Oct. 9— Prominent cler
gymen of the American Episcopal Church
occupied the pulpits of every church of
that denomination in the city to-day. In
nearly every one of the churches at least
one sermon was preached by a bishop and
in some as many as three of these lead
ing divines delivered sermons or ad
dresses.
Insane Rancher's Mania.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 9.— Andrew
! Koonz. a rancher of Burbank, came to
j the city to-day imbued with the idea that
I he is commanded by the spirits to burn
all the church buildings in town. Luckily
lie made known his intentions before be
ginning operations, and was placed in the
; City Jail. He telephoned to Bishop Mont
j gomery to come and ball him out. He
will be examined for insanity to-morrow.
Calcutta Free of Plague.
CALCUTTA, Oct. 9.— The city was to
day officially declared tree of plasue.
FORECAST OF THE
COMING ELECTIONS
Republicans Will Con
trol the House.
DEMOCRATIC GAINS LIKELY
WILL NOT OVERCOME THE
PRESENT MAJORITY.
Lack of Interest in the Present Con
tests One Obstacle to the Suc
cess of the Party in
Power.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 9.— The Wash
ington Post will present to-morrow in a
series of dispatches from correspond
ents in every State in the Union except
Maine, Vermont and Oregon, where
Congressional elections have already
been held, a view of the political situa
tion with especial reference to the com
plexion of the next House of Represen
tatives. In summarizing its dispatches
the Post says:
While Democrat gains are outlined
in many States the figures given by the
correspondents of the Post do not yet
make it positive that the Republicans
will lose control of the House. There is
at present in the House of Representa
tives a Republican majority of fifty-six
over all parties combined, and this large
majority will be difficult to completely
overcome. There is no doubt that it vv 111
be reduced to a very small number but
the present indications do not point to its
e Vln> estimates made by the Post's cor
respondente show that 1« districts in the
United States will certainly be Republi
can in the approaching election— unless
the unexpected happens— and thirteen
additional districts will give the Repub
licans a majority of the House.
According to the Post's advices there
are no less than forty-two doubtful dis
tricts, the large number being in a great
measure due to the caution of the Posts
correspondents in declining to place in
the certain column any district which
contains an element of doubt. Out or this
forty-two however, there are at least
twenty district* in which the chances are
paid to favor the Republicans. For in
stance, there are districts in Massachu
setts Maryland. Delaware, New
West Virginia. Ohio. Michigan and Wy
oming which are classed as doubtful but
which the Republicans will probably
carry With 166 districts assigned with
certainty to the Republicans, as against
l^S assigned to the Democrats, according
to the Post's figures, the party in power
has an easier path to travel to the de
sired poal. The Populists are piven thir
t.en seats and the Silver Republicans
All the correspondents of the Post
agree in their statements as to the
apathy shown everywhere in the coming
elections, and that this lack of intrest
Is the one great obstacle to Republican
success All efforts are now being made
to get out the vote, and the campaign
is undoubtedly becoming enlivened. The
Democrats are. encouraged by their fight
ing chance, and the Republicans, appre
ciating the danger that threatens, are
vigorously laboring to Impress upon their
voters the necessity of casting every bal
lot at the polls.
FIRST NEW YORK NOT
EN ROUTE TO MANILA
WASHINGTON. Oct. 9.— Concerning the
published story that the First New York
was en route to Manila to reinforce the
American troops already there, the War
I.1 '. p-irtment to-night made public the fol
lowing dispatch from Major General Mer
riam. commanding the Department of the
Pacific:
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 9.— Adjutant Gen
eral, Washlnton. D. C. Entire First New York
regiment and Major Langfit's volunteer en
gineers remain In Honolulu doing garrison
duty.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
H E Barber & w, Stkn Mies Jessie F Roberto
A Martin, Oakdale Jessie Robertson, L A
E M Cox, Santa Rosa Hattie Robertson. LA ;
G W Black. Oakland C S Smith & w, Treka
F A Wlckersham, Peta .1 Well. Sanger
W Tremont, Vacaville C Erickson & w, Cal
D D MoKee, Truckee S Marks, Orovllle
W B Ellis &w, Oak B M Smith. Victoria
A McKlnnon, S Mateo E F Wiertch, Victoria
F A Boole. Ranker Mrs Hathaway, Seattle
G E Grare. Stockton F H Shepherd. B C
E Ward, Oswego, N V S H Alexander, Cal
T R Stover, Nevada II H Porter, Chicago
W L Dunn, Rio Vista J S Mills, Stockton
B F Gillette, Stanford C Sautter, Germany
C C Pratt. Stanford W Newman, Gllroy
Q W Hunter. Eureka |\V T Scott, L Ang
F Georgeson, Eureka Mrs V Miller. Borat
W A Littlefield, Cal H Morteagh & w, Cal
D X Minor, Arcata E M Preston, Nev City
Frank Christie B C Mrs M. Waring S Jos©
Arthur A Marks, Cal T A Zander & w, Cal
Mrs Chamberlain, Cal P M Boto. Concord
U Edwards &w, Cal J G Costa &w, Cal
J Kelly, Saginaw. Or 0 P Hardy, Angela
A D Robertson, L An* Mrs C Smith; Alomeda.
H Jacobpon, Colusa C J Jones, Stockton
Duncan Buckley. Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
F Moffatt. Denver I W Marshall, Alaska
F B Burns, Stockton F Robinson. BakersM
H H Hill, NY J S Newman. N V
O P Sloat, Presidio J C Cole, Los Ang
H L Ford, U B stmr D Maher, Forest Hill
C Christie. U S N Mrs Bangham. Cal
J Ginsberg, Sacto N F Ebind. Angel I
A Williams. U B N Mrs Ebind. Angel I
N Ellrich M Island C Schweley, Oroville
J Perrault. Burlingme A Dowdell, St Helena
C Robinson, Burling A H Smith, S Jose
G Duncan, Burltngme W Wright, Sacto
A Duncan, Burlingme D W Harrier, Vallejo
A Barrows, Angel Is Mrs T Black, Alaska
F Lauckenbuch, N V A Hockhelmer, Wllws
0 S Osborne, Alaska f
PALACE HOTEL.
H P Beckley, Stanfrd Miss Ederen, Chicago
E Rothrock. Stanford L Eaeren&w, Chicago
C Button & w. Dublin H Newmark &w. L A
R L Gordon, NY T F Flint Jr. S Joso
\V W Carson. Stanford Mrs C Waldron. S Crz
S D Maize. Stanford C Well & w. Modesto
W Stone & w. Arcata W S StUt, Chicago
Mrs T Bain. Arcata E J Louis, San Diego
W T - lomon. NY J Irving & w. Vlctria
W G French, NY J Lawrence Jr. Pgh
H Scudder & vr. Wash B V Johnson, Pgh
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H McCormlck. Martini J Hobson. N V
J M Klssane. Seattle H Jackson, Texas
D Carew, Vancouver H A Wilson, Boston
J Anderson, Mt Eden O Norton, Blue Lake
It R Cornell. Tulare J Srabo. Blue Lake
A Greg, San Jose A ¥■ Hausen & w. Rio
B Howard, Chlco V ' Bta «, ,
J Dealing, Portland G Hoag, S Dak
It H Gough. San Jose D H Davis, Mont
I Lane San Jose J A Collins. Bodle
C W Hudson. Stockton J O'Nell. Chicago
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 8, 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
rpnorted from stations In California to-day:
Eureka, 60; Red Bluff, 70; Sacramento. 72;
Frninn 76: San Luis Obli>po, 74; Independence.
72 • I.ob Angeles, 72: San Diego, 66; Yuma. 88.
San Francisco Maximum temperature,
64; minimum, 66; mean, 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL,
FORECAST.
The storm, which was central off the Wash
ington coast last evening has passed rapidly
eastward and is now central in Montana. The
pressure has risen over the entire Pacific Cwast
until it Is now near the normal.
There has been hut plight change In the tem
i.eriiture except in eastern portions of Wash
ington and Oregon, where it has fallen about
is generally cloudy In all dls
rLißhtr Lißht showers were reported during the day
from the central coast of California, In the
Rocky Mountain region and in portions of Ore
gon and Washington.
Conditions are becoming more favorable for
fair weather over the entire Pacific slope.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 10, 1898:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Monday:
cooler In Interior; fresh west wind.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Monday;
fresh west wind.
Nevada— Fair Monday; cooler.
Utah -Partly cloudy: cooler Monday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Monday.
San Francisco and vjclnity — Partly cloudy
Monday; fresh northwest wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpals— Partly
cloudy: wind southwest. 12 miles; temperature,
54; maximum temperature, 55.
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
October. 1898.
Th.
Ft.
1
6
Mooa's Phases.
October 7,
13
20
IT
14
21
28
15
IT
,-». New Moo a.
W October 15.
•m. First Quarter,
9 October 23.
©Full Moon,
October 29.
■=.
BON, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, OCTOP.ER 10.
Sun rises <■;«
Sun sets : »3
Moon rises 1:11 a- m.
Feet.
W
1:14
j 2:00
2:41
3:15
3:49
4:25
H W
I 0:00'
1.21
1.8
1.6
1.7
I.B'
I 2:01
B:SS
9:20
9:43
I 10:08
10:34
L. W
6:01
4.7
4.8
6.0
6.2
6.4
i B:3S
1 2:42
I 3:20
i 3:57
! 4:30
i 5:12
H W
I 11:08
2.
2.5 7:54
2.3 8:43
1.8 9:30
1.3 10:19
0.8 11:09
0.3
L W
6.6 5:58
4.0
4 3
4.3
4.5
4.5
2.8
-0.8
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Tho
second time column Rives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
la?t tide of the day. except when there aro but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus .*lgn (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Aztec China and Japan. 'Oct. 10
Cleveland ;^t. Michael !Oct. 10
Newprrt Manila Oct. 10
Coos Bar (Newport lOct. 10
Eli Thompson.. Pupret Sound (Oct. 10
City of Panama Panama ]Oct. 10
Samoa Humboldt lOct. 10
Arcata Cooa Bay I Oct. 10
State California' Portland Oct. 11
Australia |Honolulu Oct. 11
Curacao Seattle Oct. 11
Proscreso ISeattle Oct. 11
Portland 'St. Michael Oct. U
Corona 'Pun Di»go Oct. 12
North Fork iHumboldt Oct. 12
Mackinaw Taeoma |Oct. 12
Orizaba Mexico 'Oct. 12
Slam (Xanalrao jOct. 12
Chllkat Humbuldt Oct. 12
Del Norte Crescent City !Oct. 13
Signal Astoria Oct. 13
Empire CoOl Hay Oct. 13
Geo. W. Elder.. Portland 'Oct. 14
Homer... Newport lOct. 14
fmatilla Victoria & Puget Sound: Oct. 14
Alliance Oregon Ports Oct. 14
Czarina 'Taeoma Oct. 14
Santa Rosa Ban nie<?o Oct. 16
Columbia ,P< irtland Oct. 17
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sail.3. Pier.
Columbia ..iPortland lOct. 10, 10 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa. Pan Diego jOct. 10. 11 amlPler 11
Gaelic irhlna&Japan'Oct. 11, 1 pm PMSS
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 11. 2 pm Pier 3
Cooa Bay... i Newport Oct. 12, 9 am Pier 11
Arcata Cooa Bay Oct. 12. 10 am Pier 13
State of CaliPortland Oct. 13. 10 am Pier 24
Walla Wall Vie A.- Pgt Sd. Oct. 13, 10 am Pier 9
Corona Sin TMpko Oct. 14, 11 am I'ier 11
O. W.BlderjP rtlai I [Oct. 18. 10 am Pier 24
Orizaba [Newport..* iOct. 10. 9 amPler 11
Alliance ...'Humbr.ldt Oct. 17, 9 am Pier 13
\V tt JTillan f. 18. i. pm Pier 13
! Destination.
Sail£.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrojrraphlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Kxchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
.ights, danger* to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
buildinp. at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, l£uth meridian, by telegraphic sisnai re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the bail was dropped
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
kb. Steamers leave Broadway
f^S~Y^ wharf, San Francisco:
aßJ^^^SSt For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
MPfSffjfe Oct. 3, 8, 13 18. 23, 28, Nov. 2.
ULIEnXa transfer at Seattle.
lijSVSf} Wi For Victoria, Vancouver fB.
IfmBC3fgS*ai c). Port Townsend. Seattle,
r^^^^H BM Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
1 • ami New Whatcom (Wash.). 10
~" a m Oct. 3, 13. 18, 23. 28, Nov.
I and every fifth day thereafter, transfer at
Iff to ?hi3 company's -teameni for Alaska
and G. N. Ry.. «-t Tacoma to N. F. Ry.. at
V For OU Eureka C ("Humb0 y Bay). 2 p. m.. Oct
l. 6 It 16 n, 2«. 31. Nov. 6, and every fifth
' i ' a For 6ant t a er Monterey. San Simeon.
SS&S&VSS^SSW Port Ha,
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
sr kri'vt T%w r®?\ n^
e 47r KnadarM^afena Bay, San Jo del
/-ow« MaVatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and°GuSr<Mex a ). 10 a. m.. 18th of every
further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
" P tPIOKBT off! —4 New Montgomery
Bt GOODALL: e pERKiNS * CO.. Gen^ Art...
0001 10 Market Bt.. San Francisco.
THE 0, R. & N, co.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
I 3I 3 O "RT L^. 2STID
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a.m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berths
IAnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
Geo W. Elder sails Oct. 7. 16, 25, Nov. 3.
Columbia sails Oct. 10. 19. 28. Nov 6.
State of California sails Oct. 13. 22, 31. Nov. 9.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to nil points East.
16 E. C. WARD, General Agent
630 Market street.
POPPAS, s ? jp^ r f n O e - ndentB .
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantique.
r ° (French Line!
DIRECT LINE TO HA"RE-PARIS -e-r»^
(FRANCE). Saill'-- every Saturday «ygj2XfV
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42. North -^sar^&
River, foot of Morton street. v ~ .. '-^
LA CAMPAGNH Oct. 15
LA NAVARRE Oct. 22
LA NORMANDIH Oct. 23
LA TOURAINE i?* ov ' 5
LA OABCOONB £"v" v - 12
LA CHAMPAGNE .••••••• ■ N ° v - 19
First class to Havre $90 and upward, 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre Mfr 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Const Agents,
G Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
s&f^tmmm^m s - s - Australia
j£]&*g&wlfL E&WiGRl sails for Honolulu only
yffirjTwaa»BPß3BS*r Wednesday, October 19,
fMiaSEBMSfI a The PSP S. I S* MARIPOSA
TCQKbC - c alls for Honolulu only
,«PtlSli%\V. dn.- ■ 1 !>-, October 13.
Lj at 2 p. m.
■ — T^N Th- S. S. MARIPOSA
'ELriPiUvl^Nlßxni^ninc} sails via Honolulu and
GXhHIDIHI/ 0 Auckland for Sydney
'?s%&&' /Kmß7lr7ll»^' l a November
SSigr^ lOliipOI«!r2. at 2p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
TOWN. South Africa. '
.T J D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery St.
Freight office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY AHD BIVEB STEAMEBS.
"lorlk s^ ayy^yardTno yallejo.
Steamer "Montlcello."
Mon.. Tue»., Wed.. Thuns. and Sat ■-• —
9 ii a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Than.)
Fridays 1 P- 3 - and 8:S0 P- m -
Hundav» • 10:30 a. m. and S p. a
" Landing and of nce»— Mission Dock. Pier t
Telephone Red 1241. ■ •
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY. TOO. at 10 a. m.
steamer ALVISO, Clay-street Wharf. Fare to
San Jose, 60c; round trip, 7."c. - •
s Delightful Bay Excursions, Alviso and return,
Isc. ■.■■-■,- ; *.
on time or giving the error, If any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, October 9.
Stmr Gipsy, Gielow, 30 hours from Mass
Landing and way ports.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, 22 hour* from Needle
Rock.
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, IS hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson, 14 hours from
Greenwood. _ ,
Stmr Scotia, Thompson, 18 hours from Rock
port.
Stmr Washtenaw, Crosscup, S5 hours from
Taeoma. Oakland direct.
Stmr Fulton, Mclntyre, 4 daya from Grays
Harbor.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, 17 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Walla Walla. Wallace, 61 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Indiana. Morle, 40 days from Manila
via Yokohama 26 days.
Ship A G Ropes, Rivers, 138 days from New
York.
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Johnson, 3 days from
Point Arena.
Schr J G Wall, BJomstrom, 6 days from Eu
reka.
Schr Albion, Goodmansen, 4 days from Point
Arena.
SAILED.
Sunday, October 9.
Stmr South Coast, Zaddart.
Stmr NavatTO, Walvigr.
Stmr Aloha. Jor^ensen, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Westport, Johns, in, I 'sal.
Stmr Chtlkat. Anderson, Eureka.
Bark Martha Davis, Frils, Honolulu,
Bark C D Bryant. Colly, Hllo.
Haw bark Santiago, Engalls, Hllo.
Schr Fannie Adele, Rlstlne, Grave Harbor.
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, Fisks Mill.
Schr Seven Sisters, Rasmussen, Phelps Land-
Ing.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, Coqulll©
River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Oct. 9. 10 p. m.— Weather
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
SACRAMENTO, July 30th, 1898.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at Its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January. A. D. 1897,
two-thirds of all the members- elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting \
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-wit:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
41.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the j
State of California an amendment to section j
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, In relation to revenue and taxation, by
which It Is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 18. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or school district shall in-
cur any indebtedness or liability in any man- ,
ncr or for any purpose exceeding in any year
the income and revenue provided for it for ;
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of Incurring such
indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the interest on such Indebtedness as It falls
due and also provision to constitute a sinking J
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed j
forty years from the time of contracting the j
tame; provided, however, that the City and j
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for |
materials furnished to and work done for said j
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the Income ana ,
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers in said city
and county are hereby exeepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and in determining any |
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no i
statute of limitations shall apply in any man- I
ncr; and provided further, that the City of |
Vallejo, in Solano County, may pay lta exist- j
ing indebtedness incurred In the construction
of its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting' at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability Incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the j
State of California an amendment to the Con- ]
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the Inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section 7% The inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
shall then be published In two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or if there be
Dot two such papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not l*ss than
thirty days after such publication It shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county, at a general or special election, and If
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
Dower of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
Droved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act. certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county.
setting forth the submission of such county
government act to the electors and Its ratifica-
tion ™ them, shall be made In duplicate and
deposited, one in. the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded in the
office' of the Recorder of Deeds in the county,
among the archives of the county.
AU courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
.mended "at intervals of not less than two
year" by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
Qualified electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
fn a newspaper of general circulation in such
count" and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
nnv alternative article or proposition may be
presented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately without prejudice to
Ot It el shall be competent In all county govern-
ment arts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner In
which the times at which, and the terms for
which the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed: for their compensa-
tion- for the- number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
an? for the compensation payable to each of
Fueh deputies, for the manner in which the
time* In which, and TTie terms for which the
™TWhers of all boards of election shall be
2?ect£ Tor appointed and for the constitution,
regulation, compensation and government of
c U ch boards, and of their clerks and attaches;
also to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted; and may in addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate In any primary election.
Whenever any county has, In the manner
and method herein pointed out adopted any
county government act. and the same shall
have been approved by the Legislature as
o?nr%«ld the direction of sections four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
nf « .vßtem of county governments throughout
he State and llkewis- providing for the elec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the regu-
!at?on of their compensation shall not .apply.
Said county government act shall, as to any of
the matters hereinabove provided for and d*-
clared by such county government act. not be
subject to any law or amendment enacted by
r>,T T pelslature except by amendment first
lubm^ted to^the electors and ratified in the
manner hereinabove set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows:
Section SH. - The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may "b» requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, under such
lows as may be passed by the Legislature, and
Us Judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held *as fol-
lows:
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the. second Monday of March:,
In the City and County of "San Francisco,
commencing on the second Monday in July,
and - -;■'■■<. ■ • . ■
• la the " City ot Sacrament", eorameacjoff on
■
foggy; wind SW; velocity 12 miles. '.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Oct S— Stmr Alcatraz,
from Greonwood.
Sailed Oct »— Stmr Brunswick, for San Fran
cisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed <~>ct S-Stmr Progreso, for
San Francisco. 9— Schr A M Baxter, for Hono
lulu; stmr Centennial.
Arrived Oct B— Stmr Czarina, hence Oct 4.
9— Stmr Al-Ki, from Dyea.
WKSTPORT— Oct B— Stmr Noyo. for
Port Los Angeles.
TATOOSH— Passed Oct 9— Ship Louis Walsh,
from Departure Bay for San Francisco.
CLALLAM- Passed Oct 9— Bktn Amelia, fm
Seattle for Honolulu. - •.--'.
PORT TOWNS END— Passed out Oct 9— Schr
Una, from Everett for Monterey.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.'
SOUTHAMPTON— Oct 9— Stmr Koen
ig-en Luis, from Bremen for New York
HAVRE— Oct Stmr La Gascogne,
from New York.
QUEENBOWN— SaiIed Oct 9— Stmr Umbrla,
from Liverpool for New York.
AUCTION SALES.
FURNITURE AND CARPETS.
THIS DAY (MONDAY), at 11 a. m.
1096 UNION ST., NEAR LEAVENWORTH.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 602 Market st.
/^%l 'Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A sfsfps^S KEABXT ST. Established
Is) n 1»54 for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEAB>T ST. Established
In 1554 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
la disease wearing on body and mind and
fe^irjSißjvt] Skin Diseases. I'hedociorcureswheu
othersfa.il. Try him. Charges low.
('nrf»(rnarantrrd. Callorwrite.
lie. J. £'. tiIBBCSi Box 1937. 5 an Francisco.
the* second Monday of November of each year, .
receive I" holdln « such term of court shall
shall L,.? eX AT a com Pensatlon therefor, but
«,,?«#. 1 elve their actual expenses, to be paid
out of the general fund of the State treasury,
tn 7 «^ gl , Blature JinallJ inaI1 enact all laws necessary
r%A?, rsra , n ' ze . UCh court, to provide the pro-
of this section and t0 Carry ° Ut the P 1 " 0 ' 18100 *
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
»t- res ? Ji t! to Propose to the people of the-
ftm,«« r California an amendment to the Con-
Btitution of the State amending article eleven.
by adding a new section thereto, to be known
as section ° umber five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. Tha
saia proposed new section to read as follows:
b . ec i lon ' ol i- Tha Provisions of sections four
and five of this article shall not, nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
nave become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
state of California an amendment of section
nrteen and section sixteen of article five of the
Constitution of the State of California, by
which It Is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows:
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall be
elected at the same time and place and In the
same manner as the Governor, and his term of.
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein. ■ i :
Section 16. In case of the Impeachment ■of
the Governor, or his removal from office, death
• inability to discharge the powers and duties of
his office, resignation or absence from the
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
residue of the term, or until the disability shaA
cease.. And should the Lieutenant Governor be
impeached, displaced, resign, die or become in-
capable of performing the duties of his office, '
or be absent from the State, the president pro -
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy in the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when .
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy in the '
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
j flee shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
] sembly, until the office of Governor shall be
fllled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
six, article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which it is proposed to amend said section to '
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall In- ■
elude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or • district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from,
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall include schools organized In a
school district, or union of school districts, j
having more than one thousand inhabitants, in
which a course of study shall be taught which,
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural, ■
mining or scientific department of the Univer-
sity of California. v : ,
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34.)
A resolution to propose to the people of tha
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, in rela-
tion to sessions" of the Legislature, by which it
is proposed to amend said section to read as
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature ■
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on.
the first Monday after the first day of January '
next succeeding the election of its members,'
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
in the Interim convene the Legislature by proc- I
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain ;
in session for twenty-five days, after which it.
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty ■
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fall to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their,
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall b«
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete its
session. No pay shall be allowed to member*
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and •'
no bill shall be Introduced in either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of tha
members thereof. *
NOW, THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, . and an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval," approved March 7, A. D. 1883.
the above-described proposed amendments an*
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of tha
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on ',7 .;■•!.;.•'.:
■ TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 8. A. D. 1898.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon In manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express hi*
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One, being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francieco, and
■ the existing Indebtedness of the City Tea
of Vallejo for the construction of Its- .
water works from the provisions of No
the Constitution requiring such claims
. to be paid from the Income and reve-
nues of the year in which they were
incurred).
For the/Amendment? l ;
Amendment Number Two. being Senate
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Tea'
(providing for framing local county .
■ government acts by Inhabitants of Na
counties for their government).
For the Amendment? • l :
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- f
ate Constitutional Amendment No- *
44 (providing for the creation of a
Court of Claims to determine claims Tea
against the State, and to consist of .
three Superior Judges designated by Na
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation).
For the Amendment? [}
Amendment Number Four, being As- '
sembiy ! Constitutional Amendment
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities Tea,'
and • counties, organized or to be or-- ■.
ganized, or holding a charter un- Na
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation in relation to counties).
For the Amendment? • [}
Amendment Number Five, being As- '
sembly Constitutional Amendment
• No. 36 (relating to office of Governor, Tea!
providing for succession thereto in — — .[
certain cases and removing disability- : Na
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term). ,%
For the Amendment? .
Amendment Number Six. being Assem- '
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 33 Tea
(relating . to and defining Grammar ■ :
Schools). Na!
For the Amendment? .
Amendment Number Seven, being As-
• sembly : Constitutional ' ■ Amendment -
No. 34 (providing for adjournment' of -Tea
Legislature for not less tnan thirty- — — — ■
nor more than sixty days during each • No
session). ■ •. - :
For the Amendment? , I .
Witness my hand and the Great Seal of the.
State of California, the day and year herein
first above written. - .'■ ■■■'■•'•"■
JAME3 H. BUDD. Governor.
Attest: - L. ;H. IiHUWN, Secretary of SUtv . :
ISEAL.J . •
78
WON THE GAME
BY STICK WORK
IN TWO INNINGS
San Francisco Defeats
"Sand Crabs."
IBERG WAS IN GREAT FORM
ONE OF THE BEST CONTESTS OF
THE SEASON.
The Athletics Check the Onward
Career of the Millers by a
Lop-Sided Game at
Stockton.
By Joe Corbett
Despite the very poor weather a record
breaking crowd found its way into Recre
ation Park yesterday afternoon, and was
treated to one of those heartrending:
games, in which the rejuvenated Friscos
defeated the famous Sand Crabs by the
score of 6 to 4.
Tho game throughout was replete with
brilliant and clever plays, and wound up
with one of those unexpected finishes that
di) more to perpetuate the popularity of
the great national game than anything I
know of.
The Friscos at the outset of the contest
lit on to Mr. Balss and in the second In
ning scored four runs. From this on to
the seventh the game was marked by
very steady playing, when the Sand Crabs
found Iberg for a couple of two-baggers
and scored their first run of the game.
In the next inning, with the assistance
of two bases on balls, a parsed ball and
two hits, they scoreu three more.
This last rally evened up things and the
excitement was intense, those Santa Cruz
fans making a deafening racket. The
Friscos, however, proved themselves equal
to the emergency, and by clever batting
and base running scored two more runs,
and won one of the grandest games of the
season. Iberg pitched a masterly game
up to the eighth, and was also well sup
ported. The score follows:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Smith, s. a 0 1 3 1 4 6 X
Krup. 3 b 5 0 0 0 12 0
Murphy. 1 b 5 0 1 1 11 1 0
Rlley, 2 b 3 0 0 0 5 7 0
Monahan. c. f 3 110 0 0 0
Hammond, c 4 1 1 0 2 0 0
Dunleavy. r. t 3 13 13 0 0
Croll, l. f 4110100
rberg, p 3 1 2 0 0 1 0
Totals 37 C 12 3 27 17 1
SANTA CRI'Z.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mclntyre, c. f 4 0 l l 1 0 0
Williams, s. s 4 10 117 1
: ■ aux, 3 b 4 0 0 0 1 1 0
Btreib. I. f 2 10 10 0 0
ibis, c 4 1 1 0 3 3 0
Arrelanes. 2 b 3 1 3 1 4 6 0
raid, 1 b 4 0 0 0 15 0 0
r. f 4 0 10 10 1
Balsz, i. 4 0 1 0 l 3 0
T. tals 3P> 4 7 4 27 20 2
RUNS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 4 0 0 0 0 0 0 2—6
Base hltfl 1 6 0 10 10 1 2—12
Santa Cruz 0 0 0 000130—4
■ hits 1 0 1100220—7
SUMMARY.
Kun.= rr r-!--jr -!--j [berg 4. ISa!=z 3. Two
base : in, Hammond, Croll, Arrel
anes. Surge. Base on errors— San Francisco l,
r "ru7. 1. Bases on balls— San Francisco
2. Santa Cruz 4. I ea Baa Francisco
g, Santa Cruz 6. Struck out— By It>-rg 3. by
Ualrz 4. Double play— Smith to Riley to
Murphy. Passed b.ills— Daubenbis 2. Wild
Balsz. Time of game— One hour and 30
minutes. I'mpire — C. Sweeney.
Gilt Edges Defeated.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 9.— Oakland won
from the Gilt Edges to-day in the best
and must hotly contested game of the sea
son. Ten innings wre necessary to settle
the dispute, the score at the end of the
ninth standing 2 to 2. The Oaklands
gave Harvey an unmerciful drubbing in
the tenth inning, landing three base hits
With nobody out. Sullivan ended matters
by nailing a long one to Borland, bring
ing in Hardie on thu out.
L>ange, captain of the Oaklapds, pro
tested against the counting of a run al
leged to have been made by the Gilts on
a peculiar play. The (Jilts "had a man <m
second and another on third. The bats
man drove one to Bchmeer, who put it
to third, retiring the man running from
second. The run of the man who had been
on third and who crossed the plate dur-
Ing the play was ordered counted by Um
pire Cremer. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
•AU. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Poep'.es, 3 b 4 0 0 0 0 0 o
Hutchlnson, lb 3 1 0 0 11 0 0
Harvey, p 4 0 2 0 1 2 0
Stanley, c 3 0 10 2 0 1
Lochhead, s. s 4 0 0 0 1 2 1
Walker, c. f 4 0 1 0 6 0 0
Shanahan, r. f 4 0 0 0 4 0 v
Borland, 1. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 1
Dennie, 2 b 3 10 0 13 0
Totals 33 2 4 0 *2S 7 3
•One out when winning run was scored.
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, c. f 5 2 2 0 3 0 0
Schmeer, s. a 5 0 0 0 7 0 2
Hardie, r. f 5 1 1 0 0 0 1
O'Neil, 2 b 5 0 2 0 16 0
Lange. 3 b 5 2 2 114 0
Sullivan, c 5 0 10 110
BUas, 1 b 4 0 1 0 15 0 6
Moskiman. p 4 0 0 0 13 0
Dean, 1. f 4 0 3 0 1 0 0
Totals 42 3 12 1 30 14 3
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0-r 2
Base hits 0 0 2 1 0 1 0 0 0 o—4
Oakland 0 00100010 I—3
Base hits 0 1 2 1 0 1 1 1 2 3—12
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Harvey 1, Moskiman 2.
Sacrifice hit — Stanley. First base on errors—
Bacramento 1, <>akland 1. First base on balls —
('lf Uoatdman 2- Left on bases— Sacramento 4,
Oakland 11. Struck out— By Harvey 2. Time
of game — One hour and 50 minutes. Umpire—
iJave Creamer. Official scorer— G. A. Griffin.
Athletics Defeat the Millers.
STOCKTON, Oct. 9.— The San Fran
cisco Athletics took the pride out of the
Millers to the tune of 9 to 3 to-day, with
the score as follows:
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Selna. lb a 0 0 0 8 0 0
Knell, p 3 10 0 0 10
N. Smith. 2 b 3 0 0 0 2 3 0
Pace, c 3 110 5 0 1
Billings, B. s 3 110 3 5 2
Muller, r. f 4 0 2 13 0 1
Rice, c. f 4 0 0 0 110
Harper. 1. f 4 0 0 0 111
M. White, 3 b 4 0 0 0 111
Totals 31 3 4 1 24 12 6
ATHLETICS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy, 1. t 4 2 0 0 0 0 0
Hanley, 2 b 5 13 0 2 10
Meany, c. f 5 2 2 0 0 0 0
Stultz. s. s 3 2 112 4 0
HUderbrandt, c. f. .. 5 1 3 0 1 0 0
Johnson. 1 b i 0 0 0 1« 1 o
McLaughlin, 3 b 5 1 2 0 0 1 0
Lohman. c 4 0 10 5 3 0
Fitzpatrick, p 4 0 10 19 0
Total* 39 9 13 1 27 19 0
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Stockton 1 0 0 10 10 0 o—3
Bute hits 1 00210000—4
Athletics 0 0 0 0 2 4 0 3 *— 9
Base hits 0 1 3 0 3 4 0 2 •— l3
BTJMMARY.
Responsible for runs— Knell 4, Fitzpatrick 3.
Two-base hits— Muller, HUderbrandt. Sacrifice
hits— Lohman, Fitzpatrick, Billings, Meany.
Double play — Rice to Pace. First on errors—
Athletics 2. Left on bases— Athletics 10. Bases
on balls— Off Knell 4, off Fitzpatrick 3. Struck
out— By Knell 3, by Fitzpatrick 5. Time of
gume— Two hours and 15 minutes. Umpire — J.
O'Connell.
Watsonville Outplays San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 9.— The Watsonvllle
"Babies" proved too much for the San
Jose team to-day, winning the game by
a score of 6 to 1. The San Joseans ob
jected to Umpire Hug Smith's decision on
strikes at the outset and thereafter
played without their customary steam.
They were also considerably bothered
by Donlin's mysterious curves. About
1000 people were in attendance.
WATBONVXLUEB.
AH. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hartman, c 5 0 1 0 10 1 0
Held. 1 b 4 2 118 0 0
Courtney, s a 4 110 0 2 1
Donlln. p 4 110 12 0
Franck, 2 b 3 0 1 1 6 3 0
McCarthy. 3 b 3 10 0 2 2 0
Albußht, c f 4 0 10 0 10
Peters, r f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Palmta*. 1 f 3 1 0 JO _0 J)
Total 33 6 6 2 27 11 1
SAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McOulken, c f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Pyne. 1 t 4 0 10 10 0
Hanlon, 1 b 4 0 0 0 9 0 1
Egan, 2 b 3 0 0 0 13 3
Weed, s s 110 0 4 12
Folty, r f 2 0 0 13 0 0
Bmckhoff, 3 b 3 0 0 0 3 2 1
Kent, c 10 0 0 5 2 2
Thomas, p 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total 24 1 1 1 2S 8 9
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Watsonville 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 6 o—6
Hits 2 0 0 10 10 2 o—6
San Jose 0 10 0 0 0 0 0 o—l
Hits 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—l
SUMMARY.
Two base hit— Pyne. Bases on balls— Off Don
lln 7, off Thomas 3. Struck out— By Donlin
», by Thomas 3. Wild pitch— Donlin. Passed
balls— Hartman 1. Kent 2. Time of game — One
hour and 40 minutes. Umpire — Hugh Smith.
Qamossi Kids Win.
The I>ash's Bitters were defeated by
the Gamossl Kids at the Sixteenth and
Folsom street grounds yesterday after
noon by a score of 5 to 6. The game was
exciting throughout. Harvie who pitched
for the Kids, acquitted himself well, hold-
Ing the opposing team down to three hits.
The batteries were: Har%'ie and Fraser,
Gamossie Kids, and Hennessy and D.
Bodie for the Lash"s Bitters.
Altos Defeated.
DECOTO, Oct. 9.— The Alto baseball
team of San Francisco lost to the
Newark nine to-day by a score of 5 to 4.
The Altos are supposed to be one of the
crack teams of the Amateur League.
Won Two Games.
The Owl Drug Company ball team of
this city won two games to-day, one from
Dr. L 0. Rodgers Breaks the Twenty-Shot Fine Rifle Record at
Shell Mound Range Yesterday.
the San Francisco Road Club by default,
score 9 to 0. also from the crack Golden
Gates by a score of 7 to 3.
WANDERERS BEATEN
BY THE CINCINNATI
W. L P^t W. L. Pet
Boston 99 43 .4%N>w Y0rk. ..74 70 T. 14
Baltimore ..S3 49 .865 Plttaburf ....70 74 .486
Cincinnati ..91 58 .611. Louisville ...06 7> .468
Chicago :....hi 63 .564. Brooklyn ....LZ S7 .179
Cleveland ...79 C 4 .5521 Washington 60 97 .34u
Phlladfphla 74 fiS .C2llst. Louie.. ..39 118 .24-S
CINCINNATI, Oct. i.— Cy Young was easy
for the Reds in the first game, and timely hit
ting allowed the locals to tie the score In the
second came. Dusty Miller's batting In the
two games was marvelous. Out of nine times
at the bat he hit safely eight times. Attend- j
ance 4SRO. Score, first game:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 12 is 2:
Cleveland 5 7 G
Batteries— Hr°ltenpteln and Peltr; Young and
Schreck. Umpire— McDonald.
Score, second game:
R. H. E. |
Cincinnati 6 7 2
Cleveland fi 8 5 |
Batteries— Hawley and Wood; Bates and i
Schreck. I'mpire — McDonald.
Game was called at the end of the seventh
Inning on account of darkness.
CHICAGO, Oct. 9.— The Orphans closed their
home season by taking both games from the
Browns. Taylor for St. Louis «ru rather
wild, and, although hit only half an often as
his namesake, the perfect fielding back of the
Chicago youngster allowed him to win his
game, lasting ten innings. Only one hit wu
made off Phyle in the second game, while the
locals bunched five singles for three runs.
th>-jr last time ud. Game was called in the
sixth inning on account of darkness. Attend
ance 16,000. Score, first game:
R. H. E.
Chicago ..5 5 0
St. Louis 4 10 5
Batteries — Taylor and Chance: Taylor. Clem
ents and Sugden. Umpire— O'Day.
Score, second game:
R. H. E.
Chicago 3 8 2
Bt I->u!s 0 13
Batteries— Phyle and Nichols; SudhofT and
Sugden. Umpire— O'Day.
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. Oct. 9.— Louisville and
Plttsburg played a close and exciting same to
day. With the score a tie In the eleventh Inn
ing, TTmpire Emslle called the game to allow
th» Pirates to catch a train. Two one-handed
stops by Gray and one by Ely were the great
est features. Attendance 5000. Score:
R. H. E.
Louisville 2 6 2
Plttsburg 2 » 2
Batteries — Magee and Klttredge- Leever and
Bowerman. Umpires— Emslle and Warner.
Handball in Ryan'- Court.
Most of the players who frequent Phil
Ryan's handball court at 858 Howard
street were not present yesterday, and as
a consequence there were only eight
games played, whereas on former occa
sions, when politics is not a factor, eleven
games were the regular day's work al
loted to the court.
In yesterday's play the scores were as
follows:
M. Dillon and G. Hutchlnson defeated P.
Kelly and J. Harlow, 21—11, B—2l. 21-15.
S. Costello and M. Bason defeated Dr. W H.
Siebert and W. H. Kedian. 21-15, 17—21, 21—14.
E. Antron and T. C. Clements defeated B.
Clements and W. Hassell, 21—10, 12—21, 21—18.
G. McDonald and M. McNeil defeated P.
Ryan and D. Rodgers, 21—13. 16—21, 21—19.
T. Lydon and T. Leach defeated J. Condon
and E. Antron, 21—12, 15—21. 21—17.
J. Lawless and D. Regan defeated E. Barry
and M. Maguire, 21—13, 17—21, 21—16.
T. Foley and T. Leach defeated M. Basch
and M. Berwin, 21—19, 14—21, 21—13.
J. White and A. Hampton defeated J.
Riordan and K. Maloney. 21—16, 21—11, 21—13
Football at San Rafael.
The first game of football of the A. A.
S. League was played on Saturday be
tween Holtt's School of jourlingame and
Mount Tamalpais of San Rafael at San
Rafael. At the close of the game the
score stood 25 to 0 in Holtt's favor. No
goals were kicked.
Before the war Cuba contributed about
one-twelfth of all the tobavco used in the
world.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1893.
DR. RODGERS
BREAKS A HIGH
RIFLE RECORD
Sets the Mark at 461,
German Target.
BEST TWENTY SHOTS MADE
EIGHTEEN BULLETS IN A SIX
INCH CIRCLE, OFFHAND.
Gennania Club Is Proud of Its Cham
pion — Good and Fair Records
Made by Many
Marksmen.
i
The twenty-shot rifle record of the Pa
cific Coast on the German ring: target was
broken by Dr. L. O. Rodgers yesterday at
the Shell Mound range. This feat was
performed while shooting for the cham
pion class medal of the Germania
Schuetzen Club, single entry. Dr. Rodg
ers' score in twenty shots was 461 rings.
The Individual shots were 23, 23, 19, 24, 23,
24, 21, 23, 24, 22, 22, 24, 23, 24, 25, 24, 23, 25,
22, 23 — 461. The doctor was highly com
plimented for his remarkable marksman
ship, which to riflemen has much signifi
cance. The last ten consecutive shots
were kept within a six-inch circle and
eighteen out of the twenty were kept
within the same space; which, consider
ing the distance, 200 yards, off hand,
means that he must have been under a
terrible, strain to hold out so well.
His previous rf-cord In twenty shots was
451. As stated, he broke the coast record,
which was 454, held by F. P. Schuster.
The latter held the honors of being high
man of the West only two months. The
next in tho line was A. Strecker with 451.
It Us believed that it will be many a day
before Dr. Rndgers' mark will be reached
on this coast. The doctor has been an
enthusiastic rifleman for the past twenty
or twenty-five years and has won many
medals and honors, but of all he is more
proud of yesterday's performance. Dur
ing the last of the shooting over half of
the members of the Germania Club were
present watching every shot with the
keenest of interest, and when the last was
announced they pave him an ovation that
any man would be proud of. Non» were
more eager to express their congratula
tions than Schuster and Strecker. While
it cannot be stated now as a fact it Is
believed that 4M rin^s Is the hiphest rec
ord ever made in the T'nited States.
The day was none too good for fine
rifle shooting, the light varying every few
minutes so that the elevation was hard
tfi ke»p. In the bullseye contest for cash
prizes in the Norddeutscher Sehuetzen
Verein D. Salfield won Hrst money on a
center measuring 261 points on the ma
chine. In the San Francisco Schuetzen
Verein D. B. Faktor won out in the
champion class, and H. Stelling of the
third class forged to the front with 411
rings. J. E. liorman of the Columbia
Pistol and Rifle Club is now In the lead
for the members' medal, having passed
A. B. Dorrell, who is now in the southern
part of the State. G. M. Barley of the
same club is making good progress with
the pistol, his best yesterday being 39
Columbia target count. Lieutenant J.
Staude and E. .Tacobsen of the Independ
ent Rifles tied on 44, military target
count. The scores of the several clubs
were as follows:
German Schuetzen Club Class Medal shoot
20 shots, German ring target— First champion
class. Dr. 1.. O. Rodders, 481 rings: second
champion class. D. B. Faktor. 437; first class
TC. Stettin, 40f. : second clnss. J. Gefken, 398 '•
third class. William Ooptze, 3!>9. Best first
Phot. F. P. Schuster, 24; beet last phot R
Stettin, 25.
San Francisco Schuetzen Verrtn monthly
dnss medal shoot. 20 shots. German rlnir
target— Champion class. O. B. Faktor, 427
rinirs: flrr-t class, not filled: second class John
Oefken. 800: third clasp, H. Stelllng, 411: fourth
class, H. F. Ltlkendey. 377. Rest first shot
John Cefken. 2.": best la«t shot. N. Ahrens. 2.V
N'nrddeutscher Schuetzen Verein bullseye
contest for cash prizes, machine measure
ment of centers— T> Salfield, 2CI points: W. F
Oarms. 298: O. Lemcke, 370: F. P. Schuster
412: W. Oottschalk. 420; J. D. Helße, 432; h'
Sterling. 494: J. Peters. 676; W. Morken 847-
C. J. Hinck, 97C: L. Brune, 1062: C. T. Rust.
1149; J. Lankenau, 1155.
CoiumWa Pistol and Rifle Club— Rifle, ten
shot scores. Columbia target— Champion class:
D. TV. McLauehlin SO. F. E. Mason 56.
First class— J. E. Gorman 59, O. A. Bremer
36.
Second class — M. J. White 78, A. Hlntermnn
85. G. Barley 115.
Third class— E. W. Moore 88, G. Mannell 108,
B. Jonas 128.
Member?' rifle medal, re-entry, 10 shot9 — J.
E. Gorman, 67-65. O. A. Bremer 83, G. Mannell
102.
All comers' rifle medal, re-entry, 10 shots —
Dr. L. O. Rodders 49-. r .2, V. E. Mason 56-59.
Pistol. r>o yards. 10 shots, class medals for
members only— Champion class: C. M. Dalsa
44. A. H. Pape 46. Dr. L. O. Rodgers 58. M. J
White 66.
First class— F. E. Mason 50, G. M. Barley
E5. J. E. Klein 77.
Second class— J. Hlnterman 86.
Third class— J. P. Cosgrave 84, N. H. Neu-
Ftader 99.
All comers, re-entry matches, Slebe pistol
medal— G. M. Barley 89-67-71. J. C. Gorman 35
A. H. Pape 40-42-4 S. J. P. Cosgrave 54-56-56.
Small rifle— N. H. Neustader 50.
Independent rifles, medal shoot. 10 shots.
Blunt military target— Lieutenant J. Staude 44.
E. P. .Tacobsen 44, Sergeant G. W. Mitchell 42.
Sergeant C. Andrews 41. Lieutenant E. Moen
nlnr 35. Corporal .1. A. Ptang 35. J. H. Kuhlke
33, H. Oaotgen 32. F. H. Laun 29. H. Staude 20.
C. J. Staude 19. H. Gaetgen Jr. 25.
SHOULD TAKE PRIDE IN HER
ADOPTION.
There is no reason for Mrs. Domlnis
not feeling entirely at home in the
United States of America. — Cincinnati
Commercial -Tribune.
The number of medical students in
France has more than doubled since 1870,
rifMng from 4000 to 8484.
MAC'S MELODY
WINS ANOTHER
LARGE STAKE
She Beats a Big Field
at Union Park.
THORNHILL WAS A SURPRISE
DEFEATS TWO GREAT DOGS AND
IS THEN PUT OUT.
Rosette Captures the Open Stake for
Curtis & Sons — Some Very
Lively Coursing at
Ingleside.
Bartelß Bros, have in Mac's Melody one
of the fleetest and gamest pups that has
been seen on the sward in this State in
years. The youngster followed up her great
victory of the previous Sunday, when she
captured the annual Produce stake, win
ning the Puppy stake at Union Park yes
terday. She had pitted against her some
of the bst dogs in her class.
Despite the threatening weather the
usual large following of coursing enthu
siasts attended the popular nark, and
were treated to a number of surprises.
Thornhill, T. J. Cronin's white possession,
rounded into form yesterday and came
within an ace of winning the open stake.
He started out by defeating Jersey Lily,
over whom he was favorite, and then con
tinued his success by downing the great
Lord Byron, McKinley and Wait a Little
In order. Lord Byron and McKinley were
looked upon as sure winners by the talent
who banked heavily on their chances.
Firm Friend was also looked upon as a
loser, owing to her poor work on Satur
day, but the Pasha kennel's representa
tive pulled himself together and beat
Moonlight, Vigilant and the 1 to 3% fa
vorite. Cavalier, to the surprise and con
sternation of followers of form. Although
Firm Friend gained greater speed after
each course, he succumbed to the match
less Rosette, the eventual winner of the
stake.
Wild Tralee endeared himself to the
"short-enders" by putting out Thad Ste
vens at 1 to 3, after a no go. Wait a Lit
tle, who has just risen from the puppy
class, beat Douglass and Commodore, two
old-timers, and gives .promise of being a
stake runner. He gave way to Thornhill
In the last round after a hard struggle.
Walt a Little and Riot Act were the only
short-enders in the second run-down of
the open stake to land a flag. The former
beat Forgive at 3 to 1 and the latter beat
Joy Bells at the same odds. Commodore
had a very narrow escape in his race with
Riot Act. falling twice in the course and
allowing Riot Act to score many points.
Curtis & Sons had their usual large
number of entries in the open stake, but
were unable to divide the money, as they
have done during the last three Sundays,
The well-known dog owners were, how
ever, satisfied, as Rosette, their foremost
representative, captured the purse.
Following were the results:
Open stake: Second round— Sharman'3
Wait a Little beat H. R. Baldwin's Forgive;
Al Austin's Douglas beat M. Nealon's Van
Clol; Pasha kennels' Riot Act beat Pembroke
kennels' Joy' Bells: Curtis & Son's Commodore
beat .T. H .Smith's Bendlgo: Curtis & Son's
McKinley beat E. & R. Scott's Seldom: George
Whitney's Theron beat J. Monkhouse's Breach
of Promise; E. & R. Scott's Lord Byron beat
Max Herzog's Little Delight: T. J. Cronin's
Thornhill beat W. Creamer's Jersey Lily; E. A
E. kennels' Vigilant beat F. A. EsqulreFs
Peaceful Glen; Pasha kennels' Firm Friend
beat F. Jones' Moonlight: A. Johnson's Moun
tain Beauty beat Lowe & Thompson's Prince of
Fashion; Curtis & Son's Cavalier beat Pasha
kennels' Santa Alicia; Lowe & Thompson's
Prince Hal beat Pembroke kennels' Magic;
Curtis & Son's Rosette beat Russell & Wilson's
Jennie Wilson: Handy & Smith's Ida beat J.
McCormick's White Lily: P. J. G. Henna's
Mirn Monte beat A. Massey's Lightfoot.
Third round— Wait a Little beat Douglas:
Commodore beat Riot Act; McKinley beat
Theron; Thornhill beat Lord Byron: Firm
Friend beat Vigilante; Cavalier beat Mountain
Beauty: Rosettte beat Prince Hal; Mlra Monte
beat Ida.
Fourth round— Walt a T,lttle bent rnmmodnrp;
Thornhllll beat McKlnley; Firm Friend beat
Cavalier: Rosette bp.it Mlrn Monte.
Fifth round— Thornhlll beat Wait a Little:
Rosettp heat Firm FrlPnd.
Final— Rosptte heat ThornhtU.
Puppy stakp: Second round — T. J. Crontn's
Wild Trnlee brat P. J. G. Kenna's Fox Kenny:
D. Hooper'? Thnd Stevens beat T. J. Cronln's
Maid of Rail: F. A. Comb's Flush boat J.
Pecpr-rson's Cnndelarla: T. J. Cronln's Rose of
Tralee beat Yosemtte kennels' Beauty Snot:
Rartel Bn«.' Mac's Melody bent T. A. MC-
Conld's Royal Flush: J. J. Edmund's Morning
Glory beat Rartel Rros.' Rest Assured.
Third round -Wild Tralee beat Thau Stevens;
Flush bent Rose Tralee: Mac's Melody beat
Morning Glory.
Fourth round— Flush beat Wild Tralee; Mac's
Melody a bj-e.
Final— Mac's Mplody beat Flush.
MAYFLOWER WINS HANDILY.
She Captures the Open Stake at the
Ingleside Park Yesterday.
Mayflower captured the open stake at
Ingleside yesterday and Promise Me was
runner up. The result was a great sur
prise to the talent, as Rock Island Boy
was played heavily In all the long 1 odds
books and his victory was a foregone con
clusion. But Rock Island Boy was bested
by Bonita in the second round at the good
odds of 4to 1. His defeat by Bonlta was
a great surprise, but can be accounted for
by his recent sickness, and Rock Island
Boy could, therefore, be truly termed a
false favorite. Favorites again won nearly
all the courses yesterday, the few excep
tions being Mission Tip at 6 to 2, Jack of
Spades, 7 to 2; Rosalie, 2 to 1; Counterfeit,
2 to 1; Bonita, 4 to 1, and Mayllower, 5
to 3.
The longest and most sensational course
of the day was between Campania and
Telephone Girl, which was won by the
former bitch. The crurse was long, fast
and grueling-. The lead up was made by
Campania, but was relinquished by her
after the first turn and then for a num
ber of points all went to Telephone Girl's
credit and would if it had terminated ear
lier been won by the latter bitch; but the
pace was. too hot for her, and Campania
in a fast run past the grand stand again
resumed the lead and killed by a score of
19 to 14. Sharkey was a big- dump for tal
ents, as they piled their money aboard the
dog, thinking he could defeat Counterfeit
easily, but Counterfeit showed . increased
speed all the way, and won by a score of
36 to 22.
Soubrette and Lissak furnished a world
of excitement. Soubrette was made favor
ite at odds of 2 to 1, but in a "no go" both
dogs seemed to run on even terms. In tne
second round Soubrette showed up hand
somely under the faithful training of
Johnnie Maher. She ran with less signs
of distress than the other and won with
ease and a number of points to spare.
Soubrette eventually met defeat In the
third round from _ Mialmo. In the final
course Mayflower . showed . the foot over
Promise Me and won the stake, which her
owner, John Eagan, richly deserved, as
Mayflower was without doubt In the finest
form of any of the entries.
The results were as follows:
. First round— Dean's Brilliantlne beat P.
Brophy's Uenlcia Boj;; A.- and B. kennel's Ir
ma beat Lowe & Thompson's Qulckstick; John
Kazan's Mayflower beat VA. ' Johnson's Tod
Sloan; O'Nell & Hanrahan's Mercury beat H.
Weber's Montana; A. & B. kennel's' Rock Isl
and Boy beat S. E. Portal's Laurelwood: D.
Ford's Bonita beat P.-Rellley's Master Mat;
London <& McCollough's Magnetto beat W. Dal
ton's Decency; J. Cox's Mission Tip beat Rus
sell & Wilson's Victor Queen; Handy & Smith's
Victor beat ' T. F. McCarthy's Rosebud; Lowe
& Thompson's Patria beat Deckelman and Pan
arlo's ■ Royal Oak ; -D. s Rogers' . Jack of Spades
beat T. Sullivan's Maid of Kill: O'Nell A Han
rahnn's Promise Me beat Henry Spring's Pat I
Malloy; A. Johnson's Lissak beat F. Moran's j
Flylnsr Faster; D. Shannon's Soubrette beat
J. S!ieehan's Lass o' Gowrie; C. J. _ Brown's
Rosalie beat : James Byrne's . Mohawk: '' J.
Dean's Mialmo beat F. Murphy's, Gilt Edge;
W. . Perry's Campania beat ' A. , Frank's Tele
phone Girl; P. O'Donnell's Counterfeit -beat
James I. O'Brien's Sharkey. --'-^?*^py;g?igssfi*BßlSf
■- Second round — Brllliantlne . beat . Irma: May
flower beat Mercury; Bonlta beat Rock Island
Boy; Mission Tip beat Magnetto; Patria beat
Victor: Promise Me beat Jack of Spades; Son
brette beat Lissak; Mlalmo beat Bosalle; Cam
paola beat Counterfeit.
Third round— Mayflower beat Brilliantine;
Bonlta beat Mission Tip; Promise Me b^at Pa
trla; Mialmo beat Soubrette; Campania ran
a bye.
Fourth round— Mayflower beat Bonita; Prom
lee Me beat Campania; Mialmo ran a bye.
Fifth round— Mayflower beat MiaJmo; Prom
ise Me ran a bye.
Final— Mayflower beat Promise Me.
At Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 9.— The cool
weather Increases the crowds at the
coursing every week, and there were more
people at Agricultural Park to-day than
ever before. Flag Steward Munton was
presented with a handsome cap and rib
bon decorations by a number of his
friends and showed his appreciation 1»y a
graceful speech of thanks. John Grace
Jr., son of Judge Grace of the Ingleside
track, acted as judge and will continue to
hold that office. Mr. Grace, showed a
thorough knowledge of coursing, and his
work was most satisfactory to all. The
decisions were clear cut and decisive and
could not possibly be questioned by any
one. The score was:
Run offs— Benerlno beat Royal (Antelope);
Kitty Scott beat Red Band; Lady Agnes beat
Hard Luck; Mountain Belle beat Orpheum
Prince; ABC beat Llllie (Llrio): Uncle Sam
beat Amorita; Sage beat Dawning: Lillle B
beat Ormonde; Crow Dog beat Van Brulle;
Don Caster beat Sir Jasper; Juliet beat B B
and B; Stape Munton beat Reliance: New
Home II beat Emerald; Carmody (Don Orsini)
beat Beauty; Bum beat Juanita; Lady Wallace
beat Irish Girl.
First ties— Kitty Scott beat Benerlno; Moun
tain Belle beat Lady Agnes; ABC beat Uncle
Sam: Lillie B beat Sage; Crow Dog beat Don
Caster: Stape Munton beat Juliet: Carmody
beat New Home II; Lady Wallace beat Bum.
Second ties— Kitty Scott beat Mountain Belle;
Llllie B beat ABC; Crow Dog beat Stape
Munton; Lady Wallace beat Carmody.
Third ties— Kitty Scott beat Lillie B; Crow
Dog beat Lady Wallace.
Finals— Kitty Scott won, with Crow Dog eeo
ond. Lady Wallace third.
The others divided.
Cross Country Run.
Forty members of the Olympic Club
participated In a cross-country run yes
terday, which proved to be the most suc
cessful of the season. The men started
from the Belvedere clubhouse on Rac
coon Straits, going ov«r the hills to El
Campo. After tho run luncheon was
Berved at the Hotel Belvedere. The run
was under the direction of Captain
George James. Among those participat
ing were;
Theo Hardee, Gearge Bush. J. K. Polk, N. C.
Paddock. James Byrne, F. W. Pierson. F. G.
O'Kane, T. J. Curley, George F. Croat, Charles
T. Kreling, Leo Pockwitz, Thomas R. Manning.
J. S. Saxe, R. Bowman. J. W. Morton, Rob
ert Mac Arthur, J. Johnson. T. J. Stenton, A.
M. Stone. John Cunningham, George Klarnan.
H. D. M. Cobb, William J. Leonard. T. F.
Kennedy, Paul Sturtevant, F. Grlnn and Jos
eph O'Connor.
Deaths Reported at the Morgue.
Two deaths were reported at the Morgue
yesterday, which were taken under in
vestigation by the Coroner's deputies.
One was E. F. Canavan, residing with his
parents at 2928 Washington street, who
was found dead in bed by his mother. He
had been suffering from bronchitis for
some time previous to his death. The
other was a Mrs. Davis, an old lady re
siding at 2036 Baker street, who was a
paralytic. During the. absence of the nurse
she seized a bottle of alcohol and drank
the contents. Dr. Laidlaw, the attending
physician, was summoned, but he could
not save her.
CAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francl«co
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street ; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o" clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
N\V. corner of Twenty-second an 1 " Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery. No. 10, _•¥•
K. T., Golden Gate building, 625 Sutter T&H*
Special assembly THIS EVENING K3J
at 7:30 o'clock. The Order of the Ter- Wy
pie will be conferred. All fraters are ™
courteously Invited.
('HAS L. PATTON, Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA, Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. I— Spe- •
clal meeting at 7:80 o'clock for the pur- _»V_
pose of arranging for parade at the TILJf
Masonic Widows' and Orphans' Home f^r »
to be held WEDNESDAY, Oct. 12. By order
of the H. P.
HERMAN Lodge, No. 127, F. and AM. •
Called meeting THIS DAY (Monday), ,L#V.
October 10, 1898. at 7:30 o'clock p. in. TC5f
Deg. 1. By order of the W. M. 'V'
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
LA PARFAITE Union Lodge No. 17, •
F. and A. M.— Called meeting MON- _*V_
DAY, October 10, 1898, at 8 p. m. jEJf
First degree. By order of the W. M. /^r >
P. DE ST. JULLIEN, Sec.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. f)
and A. M.". Franklin Hall. 1539 Fill- _JV
more st— First decree THIS (MON- JijC
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By /▼>
order of the master.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
NOTICE — annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Bank of California will be held .
at the banking house In this city on TUES-
DAY. October 11, IS9B. at 11 o'clock a. m.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
San Francisco, September 29. ISPS. «^ .--■■•■;,\
MEETING of the officers for the Saturday
and Sunday Morning Hospital Association
will be held THURSDAY. October 13, at 10:30,
at Young Men's Christian Association build-
ing. W. E. BROWN. President.
PHILIP LILLIENTHAL, Treasurer.'
THE twenty-sixth annual picnic of the County
Monaghan Club will be held at Shell Mound
Park, SUNDAY, October 23. Admission 25c,
children free. A good time assured all who
attend.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
WILL build 4-room cottage and furnish lot for
1950 on installments: street work done; side-
walk. GEO. M. SALSBURY. builder. 521 X
St., Sunset district. ' -:v
DR. AGNES WINZELL, the celebrated elec-
trician, 1206 Market st., diagnose diseases
without questions.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 313 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collection* mads;
city or country. PACIFIC i COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery et.. room 8; tel. 5580.
DR. MACLENNAN cures where medical art
falls or no fee: free diagnosis. 100 Halght et.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
GERMAN second girl, with 20 months' refer-
ence, desires a situation. J. F. .CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st. . : -!
SCOTCH cook, first class, desires a situation;
best of references. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 31G
Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS American hotel cook, meat and
pastry; 3 years' reference last place, wants
situation In city, $50. Full particulars C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.; phone Grant
185.
TWO flrst-elass head- waitresses and twenty
first-class waitresses want places In city or
country. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
TWO Swedish girls, sisters, best Eastern ref-
erences, want places together as cook and
second or would go as houseglrls In small
families, $15 to $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. ; phone Grant 185.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman cook wants
situation In city or short ways in country,
$25 to $30; has best references. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary St.; phone Grant 185.
A COMPETENT young woman, with 2 chil-
dren, 8 and 10 years, desires situation on a
ranch; good cook and laundress; best of ref-
erence. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A REFINED German second girl and seam-
stress desires situation; best references; city
or country. MISS CULL EN. 325 Sutter st.
LADIES desiring first-class help of all na-
tionalities can secure same by calling on or
addressing MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A SWEDISH • second girl ; first-class waitress
i and seamstress; best references. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter St.; tel. Green 721.
A SWEDISH first-class cook; understands all
branches. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
A YOUN^3 Swedish girl wishes place to assist;
$10; strong, willing. Mrs. Norton. . 313 Sutter.
EXPERIENCED nurse desires position or
, would take place as . working housekeeper
SOBV4 Jessie st. ! -^ , . . "
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants situation-
s3o to $35; references. Box SB7, ■ Call Office. .
A WORKING woman wants situation In wid-
ower's family; no objection to children. Call
: for 2 days at 739 Minna st.
A : YOUNG girl desires place as nursery ; gov-
erness or would do waiting and - second
work. Call or address 407 Taylor st.
SITUATIONS WANTBD— Continued.
WANTED— By a lady from Canada, situation
as housekeeper for a widower with small
children, or caretaker for either an aged
couple or gentleman with Invalid wife. Ad-
dresa MRS. TWEEDIE. 2414 Hyde st.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady wishes a posi-
tion as housekeeper in a gentleman's house;
city or country. 2910 Sixteenth st.
SITUATION wanted by a young colored girl as
nurse for baby. Box 1467. Call office.
ELDERLY Scotch woman wishes to do light
housework; good cook on ranch. 136 Fifth st-,
j near Howard.
i TWO refined, capable ladies desire situations
together as housekeeper and assistant or
otherwise. Address A. Z., Alameda P. O.
! AN experienced teacher wishes a situation as
j assistant bookkeeper amanuensis or teacher;
no objection to the country. Address MISS
L. L., 32« Noe st., near Seventeenth.
NEAT young girl desires position at second
work. Apply 1118 Green st. *
WANTED— A position as resident seamstress
or managing housekeeper; can give best refer-
: ences; city or country. Box 1460, Call office.
NEAT, reliable woman wishes position as
housekeeper or care of lodging house in ex-
change for a home for self and daughter.
Address MRS. E. STEVENS. Crockett. Cal.
CHAMBERWORK or any housework by the
day. 640 Howard St.
WANTED— Day work; also gentlemen's wash-
ing. Call rear of 127 Turk at.
SWEDISH woman wants work by the day,
washing, housecleanlng. 2914 Twenty-flrst St.,
In rear.
WANTED— Washing and Ironing or nursing by
the day. 1028 Valencia St., near Twenty-first.
NEAT competent girl, Irish, wants situation to
do upstairs work; is a first-class seamstress.
Address M. R.. 913 East Ffiteenth st.. East
Oakland; no postals.
TWO refined young girls desire situations In
country rpsldenee. Address box 1166. Call. ■
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary: tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1967. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay St.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 ft O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 428.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged man to
take care of horses and garden; good driver;
can milk; handy with carpenter tools; refer-
ences. Box 1429, Call.
BUTLER or valet, experienced, city references.
Englishman, desires engagement. A. SPRING,
655 Pine st.
A SITUATION wanted by a first-class German
barkeeper with good references. Address 1604
Geary st., city.
UPHOLSTERER, German young man, wants
situation. 655 Mission St.
GARDENER of long experience wants situa-
tion; thoroughly understands greenhouse,
rose house, flower garden, pruning, budding,
propapating, fruit and vegetables; best refer-
ences. Box 1439, Call office.
HIGH school boy desires work before and after
school for .board and room; an all-around,
bripht. willing boy; experience as collector,
general clerk, etc. ; make arrangements before
October 18. Addres VAN. 2703 California st.
JAPANESE school boy likes to work in office
or family, with small wages. K. TANAGI,
1329 Pine at.
ENGINEER and machinist, young man, very
handy, will do repairing and putting up of
any kind of machinery; city or country; ref-
erences. Box 1465. Call office.
A MAN who is not as swift as some people,
but steady and true, desires a position in a
private family, club, etc., in any capacity;
1? entirely respectable and trustworthy. Ad-
dress box 1476, Call office.
ENGINEER — Young- German, competent and
steady, wishes position ac engrlneer. assist-
ant or in boiler room. Address Engineer, 23
Sacramento St.
BOOKKEEPER, 30, desires engagement; thor-
ough knowledge of single and double entry;
highest references. Box 1176, Call office.
EN .INEER— Young German, competent and
steady, wishes position as engineer, assistant
or in boiler room; wages moderate. Box 7«2,
Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggnge to and from ferry.
HELP W.<L\TED-FEUALa
SECOND girl, country. $25; girl for housework,
Glenn County, $25: 4 boarding-house cooks,
$25 and $30: 2 waitresses and chambermaids,
$20. and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st.
GOOD bread baker to make all kinds of bread
at her own home; cook Herman style; no
wash. $30; second girl, sanitarium. $15; girl
for housework, no baking, $20; 2 restaurant
waitrPFses. $5 and $6 week, and a large num-
ber of girls for all kinds of work in city and
country. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
YOUNG nurse girl, $S. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
SECOND girl; country; $25. MISS CULLEN,
336 Sutter st.
NEAT girl; light housework; sleep home; $12.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GIRL assist housework; $15. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
COOK, country. $30. two In family, see lady
here. MISS CD—LBN, 325 Putter st.
2~SECOND girls, $25 and $15. MISS CULLEN,
325 Putter St.
HOUSEWORK girl, Antioch, $20; good place.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK; Jew lab family; $30. MISS CULLEN,
835 Sutter Ft.
HOUSEWORK girl, Modesto, $20: Willows,
$25; Gait, $20; 15 housework girls, $20 and $25;
6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
3 WAITRESSES, $20 and $15; chambermaid,
wait one meal, $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st.
MOTHER and daughter, or friends, ranch, $30.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook. $30. city; cook. Mayfield, $25.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT girl, llKht second work, $10. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, llpht work, country,
$10. MISS CULLEN, 325 flutter st.
LAUNDRESS for institution, $25, German pre-
ferred; 4 waitresses, city and country. $20; i
chambermaids to wait, $20: hotel cook, small
place. $25; family cook. $40: Jewish family I
cook, $30; house girl, small American family,
$25, and many girls for city and country
places, $20; young girls to assist, $12 to $15
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 CHAMBERMAIDS; country hotel! C. R
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK. $30; 2 cooks, German style, $25 each;
houseglrl. Belvedere. 3 in family, $23; middle-
aged woman for housework, $20. small fam-
ily; nurse-girl, $10; yrung girl to assist, $10 to
$12; housegirl, $20. 2 In family; 6 housegirls,
$25 each; young girl to assist, must sleep
home. $10. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
WANTED— 2 German cooks, $30: French woma-
n to assist small family, $15; German, sec-
ond and sewing, $20; French nurse for one
child, $30; German, second country. $20; girls
for light housework and assist. LEON AN-
DRE. 316 Stockton st.
WAITRESS, country hotel, $20; woman for
cooking, etc., ranch. $25; housekeeper. $20.
MI'RRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Cooks, chambermaids, nurse girls
and girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, 631
Larkin.
GOOD cook; also first-class waitress, at 1073H
Market st., near Seventh; employment office.
WOMAN or young girl for light housework.
1073H Market, near 7th; employment office.
FIRST-CLASS help wanted at Female Employ-
ment Office. 107314 Market st.. near Seventh.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for general house-
work. cooking and washing; wages $25. Call
Monday bet. 9 and 12 a. m.. 330 Halght st.
WANTED— Reliable girl; good plain cook;
small American family; references; $12. Call
after 10 a. m., 293S California st.
WANTED — Experienced mirsegirl to care for 2
children. Apply bet. 10 and 12 at 1434 Post
St.; reference required.
TAILORESS wanted on coats. 22 Wetmore
place, bet. Washington and Clay, Mason and
Powell sts.
GERMAN girl for general housework and
cooking; small family. 1707 Buchanan st.
WANTED— GirI, assist housework, heip with
chiM. 6G5 Bryant, nr. Fourth, middle flat.
YOUNG girl for light housework. 918 San-
'■hez st., near Twenty-second.
GlRL— General housework; assist cooking; fam-
ily of three. 1625 O'Farrell st^
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on coats: also appren-
tice. 542 Geary st.
WANTED— Good finishers on pants. 560 j
Fourth st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. 1700
Larkin st.
■WANTED — A dr*^ssmaker at 1318 Larkin st.
YOUNG girl for light housework. 631 Green
street.
GIRL for general housework, 3 In family.
1842 Geary st. ; call forenoon.
TAILORESS to work on soldiers' blouses.
106* Howard st.
HEL. WANTED— -Continued.
WANTED— girl to assist with light
housework; small family; wages $8. 1619 Sut-
ter st. ___________________
YOUNG girl for light housework. Apply 1134
Turk at. -
RESPECTABLE young woman can have a
comfortable home for a few hours light
housework dally. Apply Monday, between 1
and 3, at 1832 Filbert st.
WANTED— on flannel overshirts: a
few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36% Fremont at.
YOUNG girl, care two children; must sleep
home. 1917 Webster st. .
GIRL or woman; light general housework;
moderate wages. 8 Liberty st. __
WANTED— Good coat finisher; must under-
stand operating. 83 Stevenson St.. In rear.
PERSON wishing to learn science of healing
and serve as nurse. H. X., box J469, Call.
AN apprentice and tailoress wanted. Apply
M. E. DAVIS CO.. 347 Third St.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit. 378
San Jose aye. ■
AN old lady as housekeeper; small wages. 1037
Golden Gate aye.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom coats;
steady work. 106 Battery st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; P" sl i loI
free; patterns, 25c up. McDowell's, 102 Post.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S; good position*:
patterns 10c up. 115 McAllister st.
HELP WANTED—
WANTED— House painter, $2 a day: black-
smith's helper; miner. $2 50 a day and $40 and
board; 2 woodchoppers, $1 50 cord; 20 laborers.
$1 75 a day; 10 teamsters. $1 60 day: man to
assist gardener. $20; machinist for mine, $2 a
day farmers; choremen, $25, and others. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st. ..
WANTED— and wife, $45; restaurant cook.
$10 a week: second cook: hotel waiters. $25;
boarding house waiters. $20 and $25: colored
waiter $25, fare advanced; dishwashers,
porters and others. Apply to J. F. CRO3ETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st. \ >
COOKS Monday — —We want
6 hotel cooks. $40, $35, $30 and found: 3 res-
taurant cooks. $10. $8, $7, week; 2 lunch coun-
ter cooks; 5 dishwashers. $30, $25. $20 and $15.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay at.
WAITERS Monday We want
5 hotel waiters. $30. $25, $20 and found; 6
restaurant waiters, $30, $25 and found. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 638 Clay St.
FARMER and wife, Santa Clara County; 25
farmers, orchard, vineyard hands and milk-
ers. $26, $25 and $20 and found. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
——Railroad work —
Free fare — — — -Free fare
35 two-horse teamsters, 6. P. R. R.. $1 75 day
26 laborers S. P. R. R-. $1 75 day
85 laborers and teamsters, others. R. H.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay at.
BLACKSMITH, country shop. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
THREE bedsprings makers; city. MURRAY
6 READY. 634 and 636 Clay st. ,
TEN woodchoppers at $1 25 day. Contra Costa
County; 5 laborers for country quarry, $26
and found. MURRAY. & READY, 634 and
C 36 Clay at. .
PORK packer for a large ranch; $35 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay at.
FOUR boys to work for city manufacturing
company, to learn trades, $4 50 week. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
—In San Francisco—— — — ■
Driver, milk wagon- -$30 and found;
•tableman 7T^~* 25 anc * f° un d;
25 two-horse teamsters. $1 75 and $1 60 day;
25 laborers. $1 75. $1 60 and $1 50 day and $26
and found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and
636 Clay st. ;
TO woods —and tie camps,
145 woodchoppers. different places, $2 50, $2,
$1 75, $1 50 and $1 per cord.
—— Tools and food furnished
98 tiemakers, Be, »c and lie each; 25 men to
make posts, ' $1 25 per cord. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
C R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St., want for
railroad work— 2 blacksmiths. 2 wheelwrights,
10 tunnel men, 50 teamsters and laborers, ship
Monday, free fare for all hands: for a large
new marble quarry, a gang of quarrymen,
special rates for fare, $2 per day; for the new
Mountain Railroad in Tuolumne County, a
gang of laborers and teamsters; 5 milkers: 10
farmers; 20 woodsmen, $30 and $35; man and
wife for a private place in the country, man
must be a good gardener, wife a good cook;
100 laborers and teamsters in and about city.
$1 60 to $1 80 per day. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
WE ship Wednesday for Skaguay. Mr. John
Stanley, Mayor of Skaguay, will be here Mon-
day and Tuesday. C. R. HANSEN St. CO..
104 Geary st. '
SHIPPING clerk for a wholesale house; must
have thorough knowledge of the business;
familiar with shipping to all parts of the
State, East and abroad; $75 per month; only
such need apply who can furnish the best of
references for the above position. Apply in
person with handwriting to C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
5 LABORERS for a winery. $26 and board. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
10 LABORERS for the coast road; free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
2 TIMBER fellers for the woods; $40 and
board; fare advanced. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
NIGHT porter; country hotel; $20. C. R. HAN-
SEN &CO J1 104 Geary st.
WHEELWRIGHT ." $40 and board
Camp blacksmith $37 50 and board
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
TO go to-day — laboring men for mills, woods
and roads, $26 and board: 10 woodsmen. $26
to $40 and board: work all the year and re-
duced fare. R. T. WARD & CO.. 608 and 610
Clay st.
25 LABORERS and teamsters for city, 1175 a
day: 10 scraper teamsters, $1 60 a day; 3 plow
hands, $20: 4 farmers, near city. $20: waiters,
city, $20; 2 boys for factory, $4 50 a week;
experienced bed spring makers. R. T. WARD
& CO., 60S and 610 Clay st. -:.:"'
WANTED— 2 ranch "tw.m»ters; near city: good
steady Job: $26; swamper, near city.' s3o and
board; cowboy on ranch, near city: $15 per
month and found; waiterboy, country restau-
rant, fare advanced, $18 and found: 4 wood
choppers: long Job: $1.25 to $1.40 per cord;
tools and provisions advanced; cooks, waiters
and others.. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay
BARMAN, Country Hotel. HOTEL GAZETTE.
420 Kearny st.
A SMART boy of 15 years to learn plumbing.
1606 Pacific aye.. near Polk st.
WANTED— Shoemaker on ' repairing. 534 Pa-
, cific St.. near Kearny.
FIRST-CLASS painter wanted at 140$ Polk
street. ; .
WANTED— A good cook. 52S Fourth st.
WANTED— Man for nursery work and garden
Jobbing. 500 Halght at.
WANTED— First-class coatmaker. VERDIER.
644 Geary st. '
WANTED — Good cook at 311 Montgomery ave-
nue. ■ "
WANTED— Japanese as porter In restaurant;
$15 per month ; 9 hours' work. 20 Stockton st.
WANTED— Good dishwasher and lunch waiter.
432 Fifth st. - ■
WANTED— Good cook. 145 Larkin st.
WANTED— 922 Seventh St.. Market-st.
station, i Sather block, Oakland.
BARBER wanted; steady. 479 Ninth at.
WANTED— A good waiter at the Golden West
Hotel, 32-88 Ellis at. ______
WANTED— 459 Stevenson street.
SHOEMAKER wanted; bring tools. 2326 Santa ■■
Clara aye., Alameda. I
TWO clothing salesmen wanted In San Fran-
cisco and one in each county In every State,
to take orders for our $5 to $10 made-to-meas-
ure . suits and overcoats. Live men without
experience can make $150 per month. If you
can furnish satisfactory reference, we will
furnish a complete sample line and outfit,
and start you at work at once. For particu-
lars address AMERICAN WOOLEN MILLS
CO., Enterprise building. Chicago.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men. between the ages of 21 and
30 years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their intention to become such; must be or.
food character and habits and able to apeak,
read and write English, and be between S
feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height. For further
information apply at the recruiting of flee, 2*
Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— solicitors, with good ref-
erences, to - handle a proposition that will
bring big returns for the next 3 months J
N. OPELL. 206 Kearny st. «"»»">*• J-
WANTED— 3 men to solicit on something new
Call at once, 156 Fifth st. ■ " ~?
WANTED— At once a good Job shop plater, one
■who can do his own polishing; wages $2 50
piag w^a.-^^sa gfeaa^a.
Market at., from 2to3p. m. Monday. '
WANTED-Strong boy for retail store: state
fullest particulars. Box 1427. Call Office.
TO so to-day— Another lot, 200 . pairs men's
second-hand shoes, some nearly new, from S6a
to $1. 562 Mission st., bet. First and Second
ats.; open all day Sunday; call early.'HELP TV ANTED— Continued.
MAN to take care of 1 horse and buggy at
private residence; $5 per month and found
Leave address at box 1466, Call office.
BOY 15 to 17 years eld is typewriter for a city
office: state full particulars and wages re- i
quired. Box 1464, Call office.
WANTED— Plasterers to stay away from San
Francisco as there are plenty of man and
are on strike. ,
TAILORS wanted for seat room. 803 Montgom-
ery st., third floor; convenient place.
GOOD canvassers; can give you best show yet.
Room 14, (JM Montgomery Bt.
FIRST-CLASS presser on cloaks and suits. 40
Ellis st.; good wages. WEINSTEIN.
GOOD grocery clerk to take charge of place.
Call 409 Sansome st.
NEW hydraulic barber chair for sale, 302
Montgomery aye.
BARKERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
HALF-TONE photo engraver for a desirable
situation. Proprietor. 1304 Franklin. Oakland.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
' that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st ; 150 large
rooms; Be per night: $1 to $3 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or
trade guaranteed $15. 1542 Market st.
AMATEUR musicians for social purpose. 328
Bush St., office No. 4, third floor.
JEWELERS— 32B Bush St., office No. 4, third
floor.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
BOleing. 3&c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employment Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec.. 325 Grant aye.; teL Grant 136. j
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San !
Francisco Barber College, 188% Eighth st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and i
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Butter st. ■
SAILORS pnd ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, "4 Davis ft., near Jackson. j
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st. '
THY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast, ;
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S, 28 Steuart. I
SINGLE rooms; 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1 i
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near j
Market; 200 rooms. 25c night: reading-room; ,
free 'bus and baggage to and frcm the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS for only official "History of Our War
With Spain -Causes, Incidents and Results."
Civil. Military, Naval. Steel plates, maps,
engravings. By Hon. Henry B. Russell, Son.
Proctor (Vt.) and Sen. Thurston ( Nebr.)
Greatest seller ever known. 1000 more agents |
wanted. We pay freight, give credit. Write •
for terms and territory to sole publishers.
WOP.THINOTON.A CO.. Hartford. Conn.
A— slo PER day made by selling "History of !
Our War With Spain," and other articles
of merit. Call at COMMERCIAL ADVER- ]
TISING CO.. 632 Market St.; room S.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer-
chandise: sold on commission; reasonable. E.
COHN. auctioneer. 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904. ;
H. BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
■-handlse. 1057 Market st. tel. Jessie 33.
HOUSES "WANTED.
MODERN cottage or upper fiat with good
stable: desirable location. 746 Guerrero St. i
1 — — — — — — i^— |
ROOMS WANTED. {
WANTED — 2 Hpht housekeeping rooms: sunny ;
l-edroom. furnished. $10. Address box 23. Call
bran office. 10>5 Eleventh st.
2 OR I unfurnished rooms north of Market:
middle-aged, quiet couple; terms reasonable.
DAVID STERN & SONS.
W ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
A LOT of Id windows: any sire; must be
cheap. Address box 1494. Call office.
CLOTHING, bric-a-brac, books, periodicals
bought. Send for KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and mania lantern appa-
ratus, tecond-hand, 109 Montgomery at.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
65-ROOM HOUSE: CALL FOR PRICE.
THE OWNER HAS ALMOST CONCLUDED
TO GIVE IT AWAY.
IS-room house on Sixth st $500
25 rooms; sunny corner : 1100
15-room bouse; clears $100 500 i
21-room house; central; clears $150 W>o
S2-room house; best in city :.. 1000'
32-mom :-r. worth $800 S'»
■Jo-room house; on Sutler 5t....... «M
24-rcom house; clears $150 I*oo
20- room use; worth $1000 400
50 other houses, from 3 to 200 rooms. All
prices.
H. C DECKER, 1020 Market gt. opp. Fifth. j
A-KEEDO & CO 22% Geary st. j
1 Money advanced on all houses.
7 rooms; Turk st.: ail rented $275
11 rooms; new and elegant: O'Farrell St.. 500 J
12 rooms; Ellis st. ; clears $40 ' 0
15 rooms; Third St.; rent only $30 275
22 ma: dining-room; corner .- «00
A— s6oo; 23 rooms; monthly receipts $115; rent j
$45; good furniture. KREDO&CO., n\j Geary.
A— s6oo: 37 rooms: centrally located; clears $150
month: snap. KREDO & CO.. 2214 Geary st. I
A— sl6oo; :.3 rooms; bay-window corner; cen- !
trally located; clears $150 month; $1000 cash.
balance time. KKEDO & CO., 22*4 Geary st. !
A— 32- ! ' house; best transient house
In city: 2 entrances; a bargain i
4S rooms; north of Market st.; fine $1200
14 rooms; near Call building: new u2»
76 rooms; select: transient; corner 3oOQ i
18 rooms; rent $60 ;■;,;•••• 450 !
22 rooms; north of Market: clears $12:..... 1150 j
13 rooms: all new furniture 575
. IF YOU WILL CALL ON US
WE WILL SUIT YOU as TO LOCATION,
PRICE AN!) SIZE OF HOUSE ;
F. C. HYDE & C 0.7 1206-Market St.
A— BIG bargain : must be sold at once: 18 j
rooms: new furniture: riven away for $400 ;
only. F. C. HYDE & CO.. J2ofi Market St.
$1500: CLEARS $150: Market st 22 rooms j
$1000: clears $80; fine corner 24 rooms j
$1600; transient; clears over $100 CO rooms |
J7o<>; transient; blje bargain 37 rooms :
J250: Third st, near Market 16 rooms
$1110; Installments: clears $150 SO rooms j
S.'Sfl; near Market St.: clears $75 16 rooms I
$950; Sixth St.. near Market 16 rooms j
$700: near Kearny st. ; clears $85 48, rooms
National Business Agency. 7 Grant aye.
WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market St.
16 rooms: Market St.; rent $50; part cash. $850
26 rooms: rent $35; corner 350
30 ms: Pin', st.: fine place 1.900
4S ms; rent $90; corner *"0
66 rooms: rent 10; near Call building.. 2.000
$650£32-ROOM house: best location in city: all
rented: rent ISO a month. BASILE, 87**4
Market Bt
LODGING house: bartrain for cash. Mc-
LAUGHLIN ft CO., 777 Market St.
$250— HOUSE of 10 well furnished rooms; pays
well: cheap rent; great bargain. National
Agency. 7 Grant aye. |
$1.-iH_7-ROOM house: good paving; sickness;
bargain: no dealers. Apply 307 Third st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 6-room flat for sale cheap. 237
Franklin st.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves. lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
JS ani 40 Eighth st. : telephone booth 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SVAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatinß Works. ?.53-57 T ''ama st. : tel. B. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at 3c
BTRATTON. 3 Eighth Ft. : tel. Jessie 944.
jr. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th '
st: cleaning 3c yard: tel. Mission 74. :
CON KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden j
Gate aye.: tel East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
t»l. Main 394. HEP WOLCOM. Proprietor.
BICYCLES.
WANTED— In exchange for dentistry; bicycle,
saddle horse, or what have you for exchange? j
Dentist, box 147 T. Call office.
SECOND.HAND . bicycles, from $» up; new j
18S7 high grade $100 bicycles for $29; new •
tires $2: new pedals. $1 25. a pair: repairing.
JOREPH ■ HOLLE. 20th and Folsom sts.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. ■ '_ ~
C. E. PETERS, attorney and counselor-at-law,
40 Montgomery st. room 16.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckelc bldg.. 027 Mar- •
ket: consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market ft.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly j
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & C 0..110. .110 Montgomery. |
A Hammond, f2'.; Callgraßb. $15: Yost, $25;
get sample work. SCOTT. 33? Montgomery st.
PHYSICIANS. ~ -
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1206 Market: dieases of -vomen specialty.
~~BTORAUE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Tenth and Market; telephone South IM. I
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— LIST your store, property or business place
with WILKE ft UXFUG, 906 Market st, the
old established and reliable Business Agents.
We have a large list of buyers who would like
to buy In country towns.
— $1100 saloon; rent $50; established for years
and doing a business clearing $125 per
month; located near Palace Hotel; elegant
fixtures; disagreement of partners causes a
bargain. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market St.
A— S7OO— CORNER grocery and bar; 4 living
rooms: rent $27 50; one block south of Market:
average daily receipts 16; 2 barrels whisky in
stock. Partloulars, WILKE & UNFUG, 906
Market st.
A— S4OO— CORNER saloon with club room; rent
$30. best location; surrounded by planing
mills and factories; a splendid offer. Par-
ticulars, WILKE ft UNFUG. 906 Market st.
WERTHEIM ft KERTH, 850 Market St., corner
of Stockton.
| $650— Saloon In close neighborhood to Brewery;
stock, fixtures, ice chest and hydraulic beer
i pump, Tivoli pool table; cheap rent and lease.
$1400— Elegantly fitted up saloon; near Exami-
i ncr building.
$2750— Saloon; fine front and elegant fixtures;
large stock; only a few doors from Market st.
$10,000— Hotel; terminus of cars; 38 finely fur-
i nished rooms; 4 pianos; great bar trade.
$1200— Grocery and bar; fine corner south of
Market St.: well stocked: old stand.
Grocery and bar in best neighborhood;
j north of Market; good stock; 5 living rooms.
$4X«— Restaurant; receipts $45 day; 11 boarders
pay $15 month; will exchange for small coffee
saloon. National Agency, 7 Grant avenue.
$475— BRANCH bakery, stationery and variety
store; near school: clears $60 month; 4 rooms;
bargain. National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
PARTNER wanted; light genteel cash
business; last 16 years cleared $71 a month to
each; big chance to increase; must have help.
National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$350— FINE corner saloon, with clubroom; fine
* fixtures; surrounded by factories; great bar-
* gain on account of sickness; this wees only.
National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
A— s2oo; saloon: easily worth $1000; $10 dally.
KREDO & CO., 22Vi_geary st.
$500; corner clirar stand; fine location; value
' In stock; $38 daily. KKEDO & CO, 22u Geary.
A— s7oo; parUierTmilk route and l boarding stable;
200 steady customers; clears $250. Kredo & Co.
A— s3oo; Branch bakery, delicacy and laundry
' office- best In Mission; $16 dally: sold on ac-
count 'of sickness. KREDO & CO., 22^ Geary.
$30v<)_ELEGANTLY fltted-up restaurant and
coffee house; fine central location: opposite
the ferry; running expenses very light; satis-
faction "of profits will be given; owner has
other business; compelled to sacrifice. STEN-
! BERG & CO., 26^ Kearny st.
SALOON and cigar stand with five furnished
rooms, paying well: party has other business;
bargain If quick sale: it will pay you to In-
vestigate. ■ STEWART & CO.. 632 Market at.
BARBER shop, four chairs: fine location; pay-
ing $100 per month; thorough investigation; a
bargain. STEWART & CO.. 632 Market st.
CORNER grocery and bar; good paying busi-
ness. Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
CORNER saloon; bargain if sold this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
jI;,O— CIGAR stand; worth more money. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
$250 — SALOON: 3 blocks Call building: long es-
tablished; sickness sole cause of sale; a bar-
gain. JONES & SEARLL. 865 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS waist maker to take half in-
terest in opening dressmaking establishment.
214 Van Ness aye. ■ '
$200— DELICACY store; 34 San Pablo aye., Oak-
land; good reason for selling; doing good
business. »
WANTED— In country. Address box
1438, Call Office.
IN San- Jose, partner wanted in a perfectly
legitimate office business that can be made
very profitable; experience not necessary, but
J2OOO In cash; good references. Intelligence
and some business ability required; this is
no humbug, but a genuine good opportunity
for the rieht person, preferably a .young
man. Address P. O. box 1342, San Jose.
CASH grocery— Fine business corner, cor. Del-
mas aye. and San Salvador st, San Jose; lot
137:2x45; new house, including store, 3 rooms,
horse and wagon; electric light on corner;
sewer finished; street car on Delmas aye,;
worth $30C0; will sell for $2500. Apply at store.
BUTCHER shop cheap: good outside trade;
sells 15 cattle weekly: is good chance for
business man; only principals apply to F.
' URI & CO., Clay st. market.
PARTNER wanted with $600 to $1000 cash for
working quartz and placer claims adjoining;
or will sell all claims at reasonable price.
Please call at 310 Sutter St. |
BARGAIN:' good -restaurant; no reasonable
offer refused. Inquire Santa Clara Dairy. II 12
Howard Ft., near Steuart.
FOR sale— City Call route paying $150 per
month profit. For particulars address box
■ 1444. Call office. j
SMALL milk route for sale; $ cows and light
wagon and horse; cheap. 509 Point Lobos aye.
MAN with $200 or $300 to travel; big money; no
canvassing. E. H. L.. 716 Larkln St.
SALOON; whole or half-Interest; city front:
opposite ferries. 23 East St., near Clay.
GOOD paying shoe business for sale cheap.
Apply at 869 Market St., basement.
FOR sale cheap — Branch bakery, notions and
cigars. 2102 Howard st.
1 FOR Sale — A bargain; the Nickel saloon, with
• fittings, fixtures, stock and pianoforte. . 168
Seventh St.. near new postoffice site. j
WANTED— Young man with $250 to start a
corner grocery and bar: good stand in view; i
Cheap rent. Apply 712 Vermont st. ;
$225— SALOON and stock: 2 living rooms and
fine furniture; best location; rent $20. Infor-
mation, 702 McAllister st,
LARGE hotel furnished; must be sold. Call
256 Third st. ana make offer.
} GOOD location for butcher shop; 2 rms.; rent
r*as. 230 3d aye., cor. Clement: Sutro cars.
FIRST-CLASS barber shop near city. Apply j
DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis St. I
OYSTER house and restaurant; very best lo-
cation. Apply Call office.
j FIRST-CLASS saloon. Inquire Wleland Brew-
ery, Second St., near Folsom. v ■ '
FINE bakery to let. 712 Valencia st
j FIRST-CLASS saloon: one block from the Bald-
i win Hotel. Full particulars by application to
Hayes Valley brewery, 512 Grove st
I SUNNY store, bar; 3 rooms; brick basement;
fixtures complete; cheap. NE. cor. Dolores
and Fifteenth sta.
jG. r i0 — AN old established market on principal
business street; good reason for selling. Box
117s. Call office.
FOR SALE— Cheap: the Silver Dollar saloon,
312 Bansome st. : must be sold.
FOR sale— Call route nt San Jo*e. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
HEADQUARTERS for solicitors on coffee, tea,
spices, etc.; supplied as wanted; cheapest
prices. 10*-10i> Reale st.
HORSES.
I 60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyaijds. 220 Valencia St., between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.. at your own price; come and
mak'- an offer.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale for want at use. young horse, new
buggy an.) harm Apply 303 Mission St.
JUST arrived— carloads work, draft and driv-
ing horses. Occidental Sale Yards,72l Howard.
LARGE assortment of work, draught and
driving horses, cheap. 14". Valencia «t. _■
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FINE sealskin for $90. cost originally $170, at
UNCLE HARRIS. 16 Grant aye.
FOR sale No. 8 Eureka ranch stove. US
nth st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
100 000 FEET second-hand lumber; all kinds
■ old buildings bought and sold. FRENCH &
CO., Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
I 2-HORSE. also 8-horse gas engine; good condi-
tion; can be seen In operation. WILLIAMS
BROS., First and Franklin sts., Oakland.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St., above
Sixth. '
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
gines, boilers, . dynamos, etc. 616 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second hand ; cheaper than
ever. Herman Safe Manfc. 633 Sacramento.
PHONOGRAPHS. $20; records, $5 per dozen;
proJectOECope. $100. Badgalupt. 838-852 Market
j iT POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission ; tel. South 787.
RAFFS— Bargains In new and second hand; all
guest half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
59 SEWING MACHINES. ~
AUTOMATIC "" Domestic, Singer ■• and White
chea^pTj-epairing guaranteed. 1916 Mission st.
MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 4».
... kind- bought, sold. exchanced. •' rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth .v ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1 80 S.
HOUSES TO LET.
A LOVELY 7-room house on Pine St.: $30;
flats $10 up. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st,
EDDY. 1541— 2-story house; 6 large rooms.
6 closets: modern; rent reasonable.
20 MARY, near Fifth and Mission— 7 rooms;
double parlors; $22 50. ■ ,
NEW house 5 rooms; plenty out buildings; S
vacant lots; $10. 912 Crescent aye. :
VICTOR St.. off Bryant, bet. Seventh and
Eighth: cheapest tenements in the city: good
location; sunny rooms; rent reasonable; key
. at grocery, cor. Bryant i and Victor sts., or
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
WE can rent you a house with or -without a
flagpole. BALDWIN ft HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
8 LODGE rooms furnished, 927 Mission; 10-
room house, 2417 Butter: 5-room cottage, 2405
Butter. Apply L. ALTSCHUL. 820 Clay ft.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
I COMPLETELY furnished cottage of 4 rooms,
hall, bath, gas, hot and cold water; coal and
gas stoves; large basement floored: front and
back yard; rent only $25; inspect 10 to 5. Call
or address F. C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market.
COTTAGES TO LET.
TWENTY-FIRST. 3520, near~Dolores^To~let7
sunny cottage of 6 rooms and bath; fine view
and garden.
WANTED— at once for lovely 5-room
cottages; $12. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
$7— SUNNY cottage of 5 rooms. Roscoe St..
off Crescent aye. ; apply 64 Silver St.. off 3d.
$15— BAY-WINDOW cottage. 4 rooms, bath; $16.
flat. 5 rooms, bath. 220 Thirteenth st.
FURNISHED FLATS. j
NICELY furnished flat; 4 rooms and bath. 11l
Fell at.
FLATS TO LET.
ASH aye., 127, between Polk and Van Ness,
near McAllister— B-room flat.
CHEAPEST flat in the city; 1509 Howard St.;
6 rooms and bath; rent $14. Apply MADISON
& BURKE. 626 Market st.
CLAY, 1417 A— of the most beautiful flats
in town; convenient, commodious and sunay;
marine view; rent very reasonable. •■ ■:
CLAYTON, 872. south of Frederick— Sunny
modern flat of 5 rooms and bath: cheap. -
COZY 6-room house: bath; nice yard; $20. 1206
Turk St.. or SPECK & CO.
FRANKLIN, 710, near Golden Gate Lower
flat 5 rooms and bath; $22.
FRANKLIN, 717, near Golden Gate Sunny
corner flat of 8 rooms and bath.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1158, near Webster— New
sunny upper flats, 6 and 7 rooms.
IVY aye., 02, near Mechanics' Pavilion— Fine
sunny flat 4 rooms.
LARKIN, 706— Flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
bath; rent $18 and $20.
LARKIN, 1310— let; small flats of three
rooms.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519— Upper flat, 5 rooms;
modern improvements; rent $16.
MISSION, 2721— Sunny upper flat; 8 rooms,
bath; sunny yard; basement; cheap. |
MODERN corner flat, 6 rooms, bath, etc; rent j
$15. Corner Twenty-fifth and Kansas sts. ;
take Howard Et. cars; stable if desired.
NAT' IMA, 728— 4-rocm flat, lower part of house;
sunny side; water free: $12.
I SHIPLEY. 287, near Sixth— Flat 6 rooms an*
bath; $12 50.
NE. cor. Nineteenth am. Noe sta., 1 block from
Eighteenth or Castro st. cars — Lovely sunny
corner flats; 6 rooms, $l£, water free; 4 rooms,
$15. water free. !
POND. 47, off Sixteenth, hi block from Market
—Sunny upper 5-room flat; $15; water free.
SAN JOSE aye., 116—6 sunny rooms, bath: rent
i $12; lower flat.
| TEHAMA. Upper sunny , modern flat; 7
rooms and bath: low rent; also lower flat.
TURK, 308— Flat. cozy, furnished. 5 rooms and
bath. Call from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
j WASHINGTON, 1323, near Jones— Flat of 3
rooms.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a |
flagpole. BALDWIN ft HOWELL. 10 Moat-
gomery st.
3 NEW sunny modern flats, 925 Golden Gate
j aye., 8154 Grove st, and 1421 Hayes st.
3 LARGE ninny rooms; large yard. 212H
Eleventh st. [
7 BUEN'A VISTA aye. and 1021 Haight. above
Broderlck; cozy 5 and 6 room fiats; nice view
$12 50— FLAT of 4 rooms. 125 Page St., bet.
, - Qough and Octavia. .
$17— WATi-R frre; C roor/-« and bath. 1718
Leaven worth st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
! BUCHANAN, 602, cor. Fell— 2 sunny bay-win-
dow suites; housekeeping; $12 to $14.
FELL, — Two sunny single rooms, furnished;
use of kitchen; no other roomers; cheap.
FOLSOM, 863— Fine large funny furnished bed-
room, cozy connecting kitchen; furnished;
yard.
GOLDEN GATE .■■-, 917— Two large sunny
unfurnished housekeeping rooms; closets,
bath; $10: call after 2 p. m.
GROVE, 32— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; bath, yard; cheap.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Nest aye.— Sunny un-
furnished 3-roorn suites, with gas range.
HOWARD, 106&— A newly furnished sunny par-
Icr suite, hkpg, $12; others, $i>; single, $4 mo.
HOWARD, 1431—3 nice sunny unfurnished \
rooms for housekeeping; large yard; $12.
MARYE terrace, 8, off Turk, nr. Hyde— 2
large sunny rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
MCALLISTER, 422— Large sunny front room,
with running water; also kitchen.
MINNA. — 3 sunny unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; quiet, respectable home.
MINNA, 546— Two or three rooms furnished
complete for housekeeping; gun all day.
MISSION, 850—2 large sunny rooms complete
for hkpg; $15: sunny parlor; 2 gents, $10.
MISSION, ll»— Newly furnished rooms for
housekeeping; other rooms; reasonable.
MISSION. 1241—2 furnished sunny rooms; stove;
housekeeping; running water and garden.
MISSION, 3189— unfurnished room to rent,
with use of kitchen.
MOSS. 13, off Howard, near 7th— or 3 rooms
furnished for housekeeping.
NATOMA, 81, cor. Furnished rooms
from $10 up; also housekeeping rooms, $2 per
week; respectable and quiet.
NATOMA, 608—3 unfurnished connecting rooms
for housekeeping; separate house; reasonable.
NINTH,, 20. near Market— Front bay-window
suite; water; stove; gas; $12; single.
NINTH, 21 — Sunny suite rooms; furnished for
light housekeeping; running water: stove;
other rooms.
NINTH, 21— Large bay window sunny room,
furnished for light housekeeping, $?; others.
NOE, 151, near Fifteenth — Three pleasant, neat-
ly furnished rooms; modern; sunny corner
flat; 2 front and 1 alcove; bath; large closets;
sta. tubs, coal range, llnoieum, garden; $14.
OJTAVIA, 155 — Low rent; one or more; fur-
nished or unfurnished; use of parlor.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— Largo sunny room
and kitchen, complete for housekeeping, $12.
RUSS, 145) — 1 large housekeeping room, with
 all conveniences, $2 per week; also front and
back parlor nicely furnished, with use of
kitchen.
THE Piedmont, 119 A Sixth st.— X or 3 rooms,
furnished for housekeeping: also other rooms.
TURK. 20— Nicely furnished rooms; also 2 com-
plete for housekeeping.
VAN NESS. 400 — Unfurnished sunny parlor
floor, 4 rooms ; newly papered: modern.
VAN NESS aye., Sunny rooms complete
for housekeeping; gas; bath: $12 and $16.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT 52 SECOND— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms: wk, $1 to $2 50; day 2Gc to 50c.
A— STOCKTON, 242— First-class sunny front
rooms; suite; single; facing plaza: day or mo.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Ft— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
BALBOA. The. 1409 A Market— Changed hands;
' renovated: rooms 60c, suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr; tel.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post it., 3 blocks Palace Hotel-
All conveniences; reasonable; sunny corner
rooms; tourists; elevator; . board if desired. ,
CHELSEA. 8, off Bush, between Powell and
Stockton— nice single sunny front rooms
in private family; rent $6 and $8. : ...
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, or. Mason— dunny
suites and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or I un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8. $10 mo.
DEVISADERO, 2004—3 large sunny furnished
rooms; running water; gas stove; bath; 3
lines of cars. -: ; ■:'■;-,- :
EDDY, 118— Front rooms; single or suite; clean,
sunny and reasonable: also housekeeping.
FELL, Large finely finished room; running
water, gas, etc. ; private family. .
FELL, 1712, panhandle Park— rooms with
board; gentlemen or couple; references.
•'; --y?; .- ■;.. -/•■•,. ?--^-wv ■■■: .^vv. •. - ■■■..■ ;•:<;' \-%
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
FIFTH, 109, near Market — Sunny room for gent ; i
also suite for doctor; quiet house. :';
FIRST, 318— Small front room furnished; $4 a
month. • ' ; . '•
GEARY. — Just opened; carpets and furni-
t ure new; sunny, front, furnished and un-
furnished rooms; reasonable;. offices; Ist floor.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, 792 — Large sunny front room for gen-
tleman, $10.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night. 25c to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 413— Newly furnished,
double and single rms: new house: gas; bath.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. Nicely furnished sin-
gle front mom; $5; call after, 2p. m. ;
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1000, corner Lacuna —
Middle flat; park view; handsomely furnished,
extra large sunny bay-window front room;
quiet home.
GOUGH, 530 — 2 ■ sunny furnished rooms; hot
and cold water. •
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— . family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HASKELL, The. 121 Powell st.— heap neat
light sunny rooms; transients; gents preferd.
HOWARD, Large front room; suitable for
dressmaker or two gentlemen; $10 per month.
HYDE, 913 — Double & single sunny furnished
rooms; new house; bath; gas; reasonable.
JONES, Nicely furnished sunny rooms:
running water; suites, $20; single rms. $8 up
MASON, 223— Nicely furnished, light rooms,
from $1 50 per week up; quiet house.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 928— Nicely furn4shed room, $7 rer
month. ' :
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
PINE, 914— Nicely furnished double and single
rooms; bath; gas; private family.
POWELL, 147—211 O'Farrell— Furnished rooms;
suite or single; also transient; rent cheap.
POWELL, 617— Elegantly furnished suite of
rooms; gentleman preferred.
SEVENTH. 40— Nicely furnished sunny . rooms
for gentlemen from $6 to $12: modern house.
SEVENTH, 192. near Howard (Girard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable: also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Furnished and unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 121 — Sunny single furnished front
room; $3 50 per month.
SIXTH. 40S — New neatly furnished rooms; sin-
gle. $4 up; double, $6 up; housekeeping.
SUTTER. 2234 — Comfortably furnished room in
a private family.
TAYLOR. So4— Nicely furnished sunny suite of
rooms; gas; bath; grate; private house: $17.
TREMONT House. 1773 Market St., opp. Gough—
House newly furnished; single rooms or suits;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping, j
TURK. 132— Large nicely furnished sunny room
suitable for 2: sunny single front room, $6. j
ROOMS AND BOAfll).
AHBOTSFORD. The—
Broadway and Polk sts.: oulet. homelike:
terms moderate; board opt'nal: all cars direct.
AHLBORN House. 319-321-323 Grant aye.—
Rooms 50c up; board and room, $1 per day and
upward ; free bus to and from hotel.
EDDY. 628 (Irvlngdale)— Sunny front bay-wln-
dow suits, best board, $40 up; single, $20 up.
GE\RY, 460— Nice room for 2 gents; flrst-claßs j
board; $45: private family: also day boarders.
LARGE front alcove room, with board, $5 per
week. 1275 McAllister St. :
MARRIED couple or two gentle-men can have
room and board in refined home: Mission
warm belt: reasonable. Box 1451, Call office.
MISSION, 84«— Nicely furnished suites and
single room?; with board.
O FARREL. 742— Comfortable room for couple;
running water: no children; home cooking.
STOCKTON, 217— Newly furnished sunny rooms j
with or without board: very central; cheap. j
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished sunny
Market st. suites, with board for 2. $40 per
month: =!ngle rooms accordingly. r
VAN NESS aye., 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms; first-class table board.
VAN NESS. 1008— Excellent table board; sunny
furnished rooms. ■ '
WANTED— TabIe boarders; seven blocks west
of Chronicle building; home cooking. " Address
box 539. Call office.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
REFINED home for little girl or young girl
student at 1727 McAllister st. "
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
OFFICES TO LX.T.
EMMA SPRBCKELS MiiMlng, 927 Market St.;
light, heat. janitor and telephone; rents $12 60
to $20. ASHTON & GARDINER, room 210.
S'-'ORES TO LET.
NICE sunny stores, with living rooms, at 339
Noe st.
NORTHEAST cor. Pacific and Sansome sts.—
Handsome corner store, $30 per month.
STORE to let— City Hall square; suitable for
any business; rent $I.'.
TO Let— Store, 226 Ellis st., $15. Apply next
door at Jeweler's.
2 FINE new stores: good location; rent very
low. Apply at 2001 Central aye., near Sacra-
mento st.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc ; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 122S Market
st.; pills. $1; very strong, $2.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter from what cause); safe
and sure at any time; my celebrated reme-
dies and treatment have never been known to |
fail; travelers helped without delay; home In j
confinement; skillful medical attention; all
those who are sick and discouraged consult |
the doctor free am\ confidential ; strong pllla,
$1; guaranteed cure, $5. MRS. DR. WYETH.
208 Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed I
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi- \
tively safe and pure; no danger of after ef-
fects: taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23
Grant aye., S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restore* al-
ways in one day; safe and sure: no medi-
cine or Instruments used; .consultation free;
Eaves disgrace; pills and capsules. $1; cure.
$5. By the well-known ladles' physician for
37 years. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office. $•"; travelers helped instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home In confinement, with every
I comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 60:
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife: sunny, pleasant
home in confinement.. 156 Second st. ,
CHEAPEST end best In America— The Weekly
Call Sent tn any add— In ■ the United
State«. noptrnid. for » fin a year.
~ EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S BUslness College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, ■ typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branche*;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892: catalogue, _______
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; mdi'-
' vidual instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping;, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low rates
, per week and month. ■ - '
UNIVERSITY coach— Perry, Ph. B., Fel-
low in Mathematics. U. C, 7407 :S. Athertoa.
nr.Channlng way. Berkeley; writefor circular.
ENGINEERING School— Civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. survey, assay, archlt.: day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN, SS3 Market.
MARHESI'S vocal studio, 811 Leaven worth St.,
near Sutter; $1 an hour; also piano.
MME. ANNIS MONTAGUE TURNER, vocal
Instructions; correct.natural method. ; !'3oBush.'
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke well:
16 yr> experience. . Press Club bldg., .123 Ellis.
INSTRUCTION— piano, cornet,- mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th St.,
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
classes; prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman, 1234 Bush.
PERSONALS.
TO whom it may concern— l will not be respon-
sible for any debts contracted by my wife.;
October 9, 1898. - ALEX McVICKER.
LEDERER'S Qulnonia, an extract of quinine.
Is a perfect hair tonic; 35c a bottle; try it. G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
LEDERER is the up-to-date hairdresser; 25c;
hair restored to its natural color, $1 50 up;
good switches, $1; finest, $3 50; extra, $5; open
Sunday 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 111' Stockton.
MAGNETISM Is the life of the physical; It
cures sleeplessness, melancholia or any dis-
ease that is curable; instructions given con-
cerning the causation of malformation, birth-
marks and their prevention; the power of
thought and its effects; philosophy of life or
how to live; no medicine-, no batteries used,
no rubbing; can heal from a distance. J. W.
BROWN, magnetic healer, 1362 Grove St.,
Oakland. _
SEND 10c (currency) for 3 months' trial sub-
scription to Men and Matters, New Orleans,
La. ; regular price, $1 per year.
MANUFACTURER'S stock, 850 beautiful col-
• ored pictures, 10x14 inches, mounted on glass
with brass chain around for hanging; 89 sub-
jects for 15c each; sold everywhere for Sic.
JONES, 547 Mission St.. bet. Ist and id. i
STRICTURE and prostate gland troubles (pain
in bladder) cured while you sleep; new pro-
cess; no pain. Box 863 Call office.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 SO per night; $1 50 to $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
THE Magic Hand Loom mends all fabrics; per-
fect weaver; 25c. Greater West Advertising
and Novelty Co., Übohk Washington, Oakland.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. PR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth st.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market et.. bet. 7th and Bth.
_;; DRESSMAKERS.
SAN~FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers.
MME. GOi SSTEIN— ant stylish dresses, $5
up: dresses made over. 8 T^rtdv St.. rm, 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery In life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost,
Btolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life while in a per-
fect trance; perfect satisfaction guaranteed
by mall. Send stamp for circular with spe-
cial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, room* 25
and 26, 1206 Market st.. opp. Sixth.
MISS DWYER, the distinguished clairvoyant
medium, graduated under the highest profes-
sors of occultism; all wishing to know their
future consult her immediately; poor people
half fee; by mall, $1; diagnoses all diseases.
426 Post st.
MME. WALTERS, the great card reader; la-
dles 25c. gents 50c. 951 Mission at., nr. Sixth.
YOUR future told by cards for 25c. 221 Sixth
street.
MME. EXODIUS, clairvoyant. 136 Sixth St..
room 4; fee 60c. a
CONSULT the gifted clairvoyant; fee 25c. 41
Minna st.. basement. ■
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past.
» present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth st., room 10.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hue-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 2r>c up. 5 Fourth st. '.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 31." O'Farrell st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and «da taken. - - »
~~~~ SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader.medical clairvoyant. diseases cured
with revealed remedies; cancer cured without
pain: gittlngs $1: diagnosis free. 232 Stockton .
M. FRANCES. Independent Elate-writing me-
dium. 118 Haight st. ■ '■
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st.: read-
In«». $1: clr. Tt)»» . Frl.. in. m. : ■'"". 8: 25<?.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $«
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method: prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash: bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY A CO..
Eteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, ana Thirteenth s and
Broadway. Oakland. •
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
2C, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organ* and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
AN elegant Knabp piano; slightly used; cab-
inet grand; mahogany case: 3 pedals: a bar-
.'gain; also 1 Vose & Sons, 1 Sterling, ! Steck
BENJ. CtTRTAZ & SON, Chickering agents.
16 to 20 O'Farrell st.
FOR the next 30 days pianos will be sold for
cash at almost cost price b- the ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.; they
are making room for fresh ;tock.
MAGNIFICENT Hardman piano, like new; a
bargain: a fine Gilbert upright, cheap; organ
$20. THE J. DEWING CO., second floor,
Flood building.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans,
Brigps an.- other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308. 310, 312 Post st.
$00— Elegant Emerson piano: bargain. Schmltz,
ie McAllister St., next Hibernla Bank.
AN elegant Stelnway, upright for $250 cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S. 1021 .'an Ness aye.
IT costs you 5c to see pianos we rent for $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
SPECIAL sal's of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest; prices lowest; uprights. $73 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis St.
KNABE pianos; new scale: new ctyles. KOH-
LER S. CHASE. M O'Farrell St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one •"ear 'or $1 60, postage
paid.
" ~ DENTISTS. . ~~
DON'T wear a rubber plate when you can get
a metal plate for the same price; our com-
bination metal plate, thin as paper and so
light It floats. Full set of teeth, $5; crowns,
$5 to up: gold fillings, $1 up: silver. 50c up;
bridge work a specialty: written guarantee
for 10 years given on all work; we employ
none but experienced dentists to do your
work; no charge, for extraction when plates
are ordered: examination i and consultation
free. MODERN DENTAL PARLORS. 8 Ma-
son st., corner Market; phone South 7SI.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates: light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. Met crowns, $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Josste 1132.
SET of teeth, $5: fillings, gold $1 up; silver 25c
up; bridges: plates repaired: all work pain-
less and warranted 10 years. New York
Dentists. 569 Mission st., corner Sixth.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist.
- discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
entee of improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from C to 20 O'Farrell st.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5- up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market St.. corner Sixth.
DR LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG, IS4I Polk st.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
~ PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS Invited— Sealed proposals will be
received for channel corrections on the San
Joaquln River and Stockton Channel, - San
• Jonquln County. California. The San Joaquln
River work embrace* channel corrections at
a proposed cut-offs No?. - 3 and 4, as shown on
sheet 3 of surveys on file in this ; office,
and to be made in accordance with plans and
specifications now on file In this office. -• -
BId« will be received at the office until 1
• o'clock p. m.. WEDNESDAY, November 2.
1898. at which time they will be publicly
opened. ■ -
Each bid must be accompanied by a certified
check on some bank of good standing, payable
' to the order of H. J. Corcoran, chairman of
the Auditing Board to the Commissioner of
Public Works of California, in the sum of
two thousand ($2000) dollars, which . check
shall be forfeited to the State if the bid which
such check accompanies is accepted and the
party making the bid shall refuse to enter
into ■ a contract and execute a satisfactory
bond for the faithful performance of the con-
tract awarded him. The right to reject any
and all bids is reserved. . -
: ' All bids must be directed to "Auditing
Board, room No. - 61. Capitol building,-; Sacra-
: mento. California," Indorsed "Proposals ; for
Channel Corrections San Joaquin River and
Stockton Channel." i
By order of the Auditing Board.
JOHN MARKLEY. Secretary.
Sacramento, October 5, ISOB- ,
CITT REAL ESTATE.
AN elegant new colonial house. Just i com-
pleted. 811 Shrader St.. VA blocks south of
• Halght; contains 8 rooms and bath, and all
modern conveniences; sun in every room;
call and see it; house open for inspection;
terms easy. ... . -■ ' :
TURK 2013— Western Addition; $1250; comfort-
able 4-room cottage; high basement: nice gar-
den; chicken .house; lot 24:6^x137:6.
JSSOO— FINE investment; 3 dwellings; all occu-
pied; lot 77:6x130; corner Bartlett and Twenty-
sixth sts. ; must be sold; owner going East.
Apply to J. F. PLUM BE. 1402 Valencia St.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE. .
WRITE M ORIFFIN, Cottonwood, Tehama
Co.. Cal. Illustrated land hook free.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
NOW IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY.
Only $50 cash and $15 per month to secure
you a modern cottage of 5 rooms, bath and
laundry: lot 35x150; easy walk to railroad eta-
tion: to be sold for $1400. Apply to J. S. JOHN-
SON, 1058 Broadway. Oakland. ___
MUST be sold; owner going East: no reason-
able offer refused; 2-story house. 9 rooms and
bath: lot 32x125; on Filbert st., near Tenth.
W. P. RYAN. 960 Seventh St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES. ~IZI
MODERN 6-room flats from $12 to $17; no dark
rooms; stove and porcelain bath; water and
ash man free; Adeline station. Oakland; key
at 940 Union st. KOENIG & KROLL. 1006
Broadway. ■
7)AKLAND"HOUSEIfcEEri:«G ROOMS.
WINDSOR Hotel— without board; ac-
commodations for cooking. 9th & Washington.
UNFURNISHED housekeeping apartments,
with carpets: reasonable. 1229 Broadway.
HOTEL TO RENT UNFURNISHED^
NEAR City Hall on prominent corner, hotel of
68 rooms; short walk to trains, theaters,
churches, etc. ; rent reasonable to responsible
party. HERON & HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAP' old utorf. 408 Eleventh «t «»<■ him
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
KEW modern S-room house on easy terms;
must be sold. Box 145G, Call office.
BE.:KELE>T"rEAL ES'I'ATB.
THE Cream of BERKELEY.
We are about to build 3 9-room modern co-
lonial homes, 1 block south of university, on
large lots; terms to suit; also elegant house
Just completed in same locality; plate-glass
windows, porcelain bath, etc.
21100— S-room house at Golden Gate; large
lot; 1 block of station; easy terms.
M. L.WURTS. 17th and Broadway, Oakland.
$3500— NEW house of 7 rooms and bath; all
modern improvements; large lot; street work
all done and near the university. JOB. J.
MASON. Real .Estate, Berkeley station.
FOR sale cheap; pretty cottage. 4 rooms; pan-
try; bath; barn. 1731 Virginia st.
' ' . MONEY TO LOAN.
LARGE sum« to ioa.it on mortgage of real es-
tate (city or country) for a fixed term, or re-
deemable by installments at exceptionally low
rates of Interest.
Special terms quoted for loans on life poll*
cies, Interests under wills. & 2d & 3d mrtgs.
Promissory notes discounted and all finan-
cial business transacted.
- • R. GOULD. 531 Montgomery st.
MONEY to loan at rates which people can af-
ford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.: do not
borrow of your friends or you will lose their !
friendship; do business with strangers and be j
better satisfied; no delay, no publicity. East- !
em Loan Co.. rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market 6t. i
LOANS on furniture. or pianos In S. F., Oak- I
land or Alarneda at lowest rates, without i
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to . 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14. __•
HIGHLY respectable and -private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market et. ; phone Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
' moval: money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest Interest. Room 68, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no r«-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Post st.
ANY amount nt 6% per cent on real estate. 2d i
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro- :
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. I.
BORROW money at cut rates on diamonds and
Jewelry. L. H. SCHARER. 22 Mason st.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 11* McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United |
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. 8TI»-
VAIN SALOMON, broker, 32S Montgomery st.
LOST. • ■
LOST Lady's gold watch on Soiano St.. bet.
Mississippi and Kentucky Sunday afternoon.
Please return to 1004 Mariposa St., Potrero;
reward. ' '
PARROT lost Thursday. Finder state where It
can be identified and reward" given. M. S.,
box 1459. Call office. . ■■■ -'•■■•'
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of CHARLES ZISSIG, No. 222,114. The
finder will please return to bank. • . . . I
OLD gold, diamonds and wedding presents
bought at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CERTIFICATE No. 234 for 10 shares of the San
Francisco and San Joaquln Valley Railroad,
Issued to A. G. RUBS, has been lost . and a
' reward of $10 Is hereby offered for delivering
the same to A. G. RUSS. 201 Montgomery St.
LEGAL NOTICES.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of "California, Depart-
• ment No. . Amanda J. Fennell, plaintiff,
vs Gerald M. Fennell. defendant. Action
brought in the Superior . Court. City and j
County of San Francisco, State' of Cali-
fornia, and the complaint filed In said City
and County of San Francisco. In . the office
of the Clerk of said Superior Court.
The People of the State of California ' send
greeting to Gerald M. Fennell, defendant.
You are hereby required to appear in an ac- j
tion brought against you by the above-named I
. plaintiff in the Superior Court City and
County of San Francisco, State of California, I
and to answer the complaint filed therein
within ten days (exclusive of the day of
service) after the service on you of this
summons, if served within this county; or,
- if served elsewhere, within thirty days. .
The said action Is brought to- obtain a Judg-
ment and decree of this court dissolving the.
bonds of matrimony now existing between
plaintiff .and defendant, upon . the ground of
defendant's desertion of plaintiff and also on
! the ground of his wilful neglect of her; also
for general relief, as will more fully appear
in the complaint on file, to which special ref-
erence is. hereby made. • . .
All of which will more fully appear In the
complaint on file herein to which you are
hereby referred. .. .
And you are hereby notified that If yon fall
to appear and answer the said complaint, as j
above required, the said plaintiff will apply
to the court for the relief therein demanded.
Given ■ under my hand and seal of said
Superior Court at the City and County of San
Francisco. State of California, this 28th day j
of September. in the year of our Lord, one
thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight.
[Seal.] C. F. CURRY, Clerk.
By JOSEPH RIORDAN. Deputy Clerk. .
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices : Kent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence •of per-
sons authorized to hava the same published.
BORN.
BUCKLEY— In thlc city. October 9, to the
wife of D. J. Buckley, a daughter.
LEWIN— In this city, ■ October 8, 1898, to the
wife of Peter Lewln, a son.
FRAHER— In this city, October 6, IS9B, to the
wife of Philip Fraher. a son.
_____________
MARRIED.
BOUKOFSKY-FORTI.'NE-In this city. Octo-
ber 9, ISSS, by the Rev. J. E. Scott. Louis N.
Boukofsky and Grace C. Fortune, both of San
Francisco/
GREEN— LUCE— In this city, October 9, 1898,
by the Rev. J. E. Scott, Thomas J. Green and :
Lillian E. Luce, both of. San Francisco.
~~ DIED.
Blair, - Joseph W. " Judge. Annie. E. .
Cavagnanv Pasauale Knoche, Henry
: Cattermole. Capt. J. ■- McLaughlin. Dr. W.
. Canavan. , Edward A. O'Brien, Kate
Davis, Isabella - Robinson. Dr. Luke
Feeney, Stephen ' tJtiegier, Gustav
Gugelsberger, Annie ' Smith. John •
Heeney, John Stenersen, Bernhara
Heinroth,-, Walter • Tobin. R. C. Jr. .
Harms, Mela C. M. Toohy, Ellen M. ,
Harris. Florence ■ Welch. James R.
Jones, Blanche _. ; Wattson, Mamie E.
■■■ ' ; "
Blair— i Vallejo. . October' 7, 189 S. Joseph
Wallace, beloved son of Joseph and Annie
Blair. . a native of San Francisco, aged 9
months and 10 days.
CAVAGNARO— In this city. October 8. 1898.
I'as.iuale Cavagnaro. dearly beloved father of
Mrs. Jennie Valenzia and Mrs. Emella Rit-
tore, a native of Italy, aped 76 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 a. m., from the residence
of his daughter, Mrs. E. Rittore. 2009 Powell
street, thence to St.- Peter and Paul (Italian)
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 11 o'clock, thence to 423
Broadway, where, under the auspices of the
Garibaldi Guard, the funeral will leave at
1 o'clock for Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CATTERMOLE— In this city, October 8, 1898.
Captain John Carl, dearly beloved husband
of Anna J. Cattermole. father of Charles H..
Luder. John. C. A. and Henry J. Cattermole.
an 4 brother of Mrs. Julia Hogemann, a na-
tive of Vegesack, Germany, aged 73 years <!
months and 2 days.
F^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CANAVAN- Id this city, October 9, IS*. Ed-
ward A., beloved son of Mark and Frances
Canavan, and brother of Mat hew, Robert and
Patrick Canavan and Mrs. B. Griffin, a na-
tive of Boston, Mass., aged 41 years.
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. October 12, at 8.:30 o'clock, from his. late
residence, 2D2S Washington street, thence to
St. Dominic's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem hiKh mass will be cerebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DAVIS— In this city, October 9, IS3S, Isabelle,
beloved mother of Percy Davis of Coulter-
ville. Cal., and Mrs. John W. Kerrick o£
Stockton, Cal.. a native of Maine, a«ed 63
years.
FEENEY— In this city. October 9, 1898. Stephen,
• beloved son of Patrick and Cecelia Feeney,
■ and brother of Johnny, Joe, Cecelia, Jimmy
: end the late Mary Feeney, a native of San
Francisco, aged 17 years and 17 days.
.. i_?~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Tuesday!, at 1- o'clock, from the residence
of. the parents, 455 Minna, street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GUGELSBERGER— In this city, October 9.
1898, Annie, dearly beloved daughter of Eliza-
beth and the late Andrew Gugelsberger. and
sister of Jacob. William. Charles and Minnie
Giiß-elsberger and Mrs. H. Wlnkler, a native
- of San» Francisco, aged 24 years 6 months and
2 days. _
. U-TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1517 Dupont street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church for services. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
HEENEY— In this city. October 9. 1593, John
Heeney, a native of Ireland, aged 55 years.
HEINROTH— In Pine Grove, Cal., October 7,
181$, Walter, beloved son of Mrs. Lena H'eln-
. roth of Elmhurst, and brother of Oscar Hein-
roth, a native of Germany.
CTFrionds and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to be present at the cremation
services, which will be held at chapel of I.
O. O. F. Cemetery, Geary street, this \ day
(Monday), nt 2 o'clock.
HARMS— In this city, at the Potrero, October
S. LB9B. Meta C. M.. dearly beloved daughter
of Margareiha and the late Jacob Harms,
and beloved sister of Jacob L. Harms and the
late Catherine Harms, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 8 years and 14 days. (Napa, Cal.,
papers please copy.)
|J_TFrlends' and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of parents, corner of Michigan and Twenty-
first streets, Potrero. Remains to be shipped
to Napa, Cal., for Interment by 3:30 o'clock:
boat.
HARRIS— In this city, October 8, 1898, Flor-
ence Harris (formerly of Toronto, Canada),
beloved wife of George A. Harris, and moth-
er of Irene Harris, a native of Aurora. Can-
ada.
C?* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
JONES—I n this city, October 8. 1898, Blanche
E., beloved daughter of Thomas H. Jones,
a native of Lucan, Ontario, aged 23 years 7
months and 16 days.
ICTFrfends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of B. W. Harris, 1507 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
JUDGE— In this city, October 8, IS9B. Annie
E.. wife of James Judge, and beloved mother
of Mrs. Mamie E. Kelly, Mrs. Samuel Hayes
and Kittle Donnelly, a native of County
Westmeath, Ireland, aged 52 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite i to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, . 213 Fremont street, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, where services will be-
• celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KNOCHE— In this city. October 8, 1898. Henry,
beloved husband of the late Johanna Knoche,
father of Mrs. M. Behrmann, Mrs. Arthur
Kroder, Miss Lillie Knoche and John and the
late Geonre Knoche, and brother of Died-
rlch and Herrmann Knoche. a native of Han-
over, Germany, aged 68 years 4 months and
24 days. A member of San Francisco Lodge
No. 4, A. O. U. W. •
[[^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 14 Perry street, off Third, thence to
Red Men's Hall, 320 Poet street, where fu-
1 neral services will be held under the auspices
of San Francisco Lodge No. 4, A. O. U. W.,
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, October 7. 1898.
Dr. W. H. McLaughlin, beloved husband of
Katherlne M. McLaughlin, son of Elizabeth
McLaughlin, and brother of Mary F. and
Thomas E. McLaughlin, a native of Folsom.
Cal.. aged 40 years and 2 days.
IC7"Frlends and acquaintances and members
of Mission Parlor No. 38, N. S. G. W.. are
respectfully invited to attend the funeral
this day (Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his
late residence, 2954 Mission street. . Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by 11:40 o'clock
trai nfrom Valencia-street station.
O'BRIEN— In this city, at 4212 Nineteenth
street, Kate, beloved wife of Thomas O'Brien,
and mother of James and John O'Brien, Mrs.
A. Paulson, Mrs. G. Patton, Mrs. J. Behr
and Mary and Nellie' O'Brien, a native of
Ireland, aged 65 years.
C 7" Not Ice of funeral hereafter.
ROBINSON— An anniversary mass of requfem
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late Dr. Luke Robinson this day
(Monday), at 7 o'clock, at St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, Van Ness avenue.
STIEGLER— In Elmhurst, October 7, 1898, Gus-
tav, beloved husband of Mary Stlegler, and
brother of Mrs. Annie Pern, a native of Wur-
temburg, Germany, aged 37 years 4 months
and 15 days. A member of the San Francisco
Backer Verein.
C 7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 'Bayview avenue. Elmhurst. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery. '
SMITH— this city, October 9, IS9B. John
Smith, a native of County Wicklow, Ireland,
aged 37 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), from the chapel of St. Mary's
Hospital, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 7:15 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth.
STENERSEN— In this city, October 8. IS9S.
Bernhard, beloved husband of Hulda Stener-
sen, and father of Irene. Eddy, Ruby and
Hazel Stenersen, a native of Norway, aged
89 years 6 months and 24 days. .•
d_r Friends and acquaintances' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
■ (Tuesday) at 10 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Valonte, Marini & Co., 1524 Stock-
ton street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery-
TOBIN— this city, October 9, 189 S. at 764
O'Farrell "street. R. C. Jr., beloved son of
Richard C. and Mary B. Tobln. and brother of
Alfred find Ethel Tobln and Julia C. Gate-
ly. ' aged 22 years 3 months and 10 days.
Funeral from ■ the house to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, thence to St. Ig-
natius Church, where a requiem mass will
be said for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary-
Cemetery.. Omit flowers.
TOOHY— In this city, October 9, 1898. Ellen M..
beloved wife of James Toohy, and mother of
Owen Ella, Mary, James, Kate, Alice and
Joseph Toohy, a native of Scarriff, County
Clare, Ireland.
(CT-Nottce of funeral hereafter. •
WELSH— In this city, October 8. 1898, James
R. Welsh, a native of Scotland, aged 77 years
2 months and IS days.
B— Triends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invite! to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall,
Fourth street, near Market. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, corner
of Stockton and Geary streets. -
WATTSON— In this city, October 8, IS9S, Ma-
mie E., beloved wife of George A. Wattson,
and daughter of Mary and the late James
Gorman, a native of San Francisco, aged 26
year- 7 months and 15 days. .
tCTThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. i7OS Turk street, thence to Holy Cross
' Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated . for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at ■ 10 o'clock. : Interment . private.
Mount Calvary Cemetery., ■ - -
I McAVOY & GALLAGHER. g
IMcAVOV GALLAGHER. 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A KMiiAUAIERSj
I 20 PITCH ST., spp. Unjoin Be2»»i. g
"■ I ' ' -'■ ' : : " T«lephone._South M.' „„„_., ■_
Manager. ■
iVIcAVOV dc CO.. _
: FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEM
. ■" 1238 Market st, between Bth and 9th.
— " ' Telephone. South : 347; • -
910
HON. HENRY T. GAGE TELLS
WHY HE WILL BE ELECTED
HON. HENRY T. GAGE left San Francisco yesterday afternoon
jound for Bakersfield, where ho wDI open his campaign in the San
Joaquin Valley this evening. Mr. Gage is very well satisfied with the
existing conditions, and believes that the Republicans in the metropolis
will give a good account of themselves.
Since he began his campaign in this, the alleged stronghold of Maguire,
the Republican standard bearer has not expressed himself in an inter
view. However, just prior to his departure he gave to a Call representa
tive some personal opinions on the campaign and the situation that will be
of particular interest to all Republicans and the Democrats as well.
"I desire to say that I deeply appreciate the cordial welcome that has
been accorded me by the people of San Francisco," said Mr. Gage. "The
ly attended meetings and the genuine enthusiasm invariably dis
played convinced me that the Republicans of this city are taking a very
lively interest in this momentous campaign. From my personal observa
tions and the information that has come to me from private but reliable
sources, I believe that the contest in San Francisco is progressing in a
manner highly advantageous to the Republican party.
"I can say the same with respect to the other districts in the State I
have visited. Everywhere I have found the same conditions. The meet
ings have invariably been large, and the enthusiasm of the good old sort
that means active work and votes. These conditions I think will be found in
otln-r sections of the State yet to be visited.
"I wili say frankly that I feel confident that I will be elected— that this
will be a Republican year, notwithstanding it is an 'off' one, when the in
terest of voters is not so keen as in a Presidential election.
"My reasons for believing that I will defeat Mr. Maguire in this con
test arV. tlrst. that with scattering exceptions I will receive the full vote
of the Republican party, and second, that Mr. Magriire will not poll the
full strength of the Democracy. This latter statement is made not alone
on the many reports that have come to me of defections in the Demo
cratic ranks, but from the fact tnat during my campaign hundreds of old
line Democrats have told me that they proposed to vote for me. Further
more they stated In many cases that this would be their first Republican
vote in a State or national election.
"I did not enter this contest without mature deliberation, and after
looking the situation over carefully I concluded that I could win. Mr.
Maguire is telling the people that he will come out of his horne — San
Francisco— with 10,000 majority. I do not think he will, and I will say that
if he intends to defeat me he will do well to increase that figure to a point
nearer the 15,000 mark, for I propose to come out of the interior with a
majority sufficient to require some such a following for my opponent.
The attitude of the many thoughtful, earnest Democrats in this city
and elsewhere who do not propose to indorse the anomalous position of
their standard-bearer should not be overlooked. Neither should the fact
of the large falling-off of registration in the Democratic districts of this
city. For these reasons I fear Mr. Maguire will be disappointed when the
final results are known. In fact, I saw wagers made yesterday that the
Republicans would carry San Francisco. Without reference to such in
cidents I think the conditions here are very encouraging.
"I leave for Bakersfield this afternoon and will make my campaign
"throughout the San Joaquin Valley, where my opponent claims a formi
dable support. With reference to that section I feel warranted in say
ing that I also have some friends there.
"So far as Mr. Maguire is concerned the conditions go to show that
ho is steadily losing ground. This has been going on since the campaign
proper opened and will continue until it closes.
"In conclusion I desire to impress upon the minds of my friends the
fact that it is unwise to belittle the strength of an opponent. There
fore I urge upon them to keep up the good fight to the best of their
abilities until the polls close and thereby roll up a vote of which they
may justly feel proud."
BURGLARS PLY THEIR
NEFARIOUS TRADE
CARRY AWAY THE SUPPLIES OF
SEVERAL FAMILIES.
For Months Thieves Have Been En
joying Themselves on Van
Ness Avenue.
Unusual activity on the part of Jap- I
anoee and Chinese cooks and one or two
American servant girls In and around the
•is numbering from 926 to 932 Van
avenue yesterday told the story of
an unusual "happening. Butchers and
:: were being dragged from
their homes to satisfy the demands of
rvants, and had the gTocers
d on Sunday they as well would
een among: the unfortunate. No j
vet was in preparation, neither did;
cupants of the flats seek viands un- j
usually palatable. The fact was they !
mething to eat. Callers had
i the night before, uninvited |
unwelcome. The callers were bur- j
i he same that have fur weeks been '
g their trade in the neighborhood
tested by the police.
Not a sound of vagrant feet was heard
during the night by any of the occupants
of the several flats, and It was only with
the dawn that they discovered the visit
of thieves.
The burglars first visited the residence
of Dr. Taylor, being the second time In
two months, and then In turn took in
all adjoining lardc-re. As looters of
larders the thieves were expert. That j
they were also epicures is easily proved '
by "their acts. From the house of Dr.
Taylor they took a turkey, oysters, eggs
and everything edible in reach. They ■
next visited the apartments of Mrs. Me- ;
Killip. Here they satisfied themselves
•with taking not only everything in sight '
but several things that were under lock |
and key. The apartments of Mrs. Cor
nelia Tlbetts were next visited. The
burglars evidently were frightened away
Just as they were preparing to thorough- !
ly loot the place. The doors of the store i
house had been forced and everything
turned about, but nothing was taken.
This was the last place visited by the
thieves.
The case was reported to the police and
a detective was sent to Investigate, but
as usual a wise look or two completed his j
observations and doubtless will end his i
investigations. For the past six months :
an organised gang of thieves has been
working in the locality of the burglary of
Saturday night, and the property-owners I
and householders are determined that
unless the police wake up and afford
them better protection they will see If
some action cannot be taken that will re
sult in .stimulating the guardians of the
peace to at least a degree of wakefulness.
FORM OF CONFESSION.
Bey. Father Mahoney Explains the
Sacrament at St. Ignatius.
Rev. Father Manonoy delivered ,a ser
mon last evening at St. Ignatius Church
to a large congregation on "How Christ
Built the Confessional." The Father at
first explained the origin of confession.
It came from the divine power entrusted
to the apostles in the words, "Keosive
ye the Holy Ghost whose sins ye shall
forgive, they are forgiven them; whose
Bins ye shall retain they are retained."
This power was relocated to the apostles
and their successors to the end of time.
•'lt is not sufficient." said the priest,
"to make an abstract confession, such as
*I have sinned.' The specific sin must be
mentioned aud absolution given accord
ingly. In a court of Justice the Judge
must hear the evidence before pronounc
ing sentence, just so must the priest un
derstand what sins have been committed
before he relieve* the sinner from his bur
den of em. The reason of this is evirif-nt
in the case of the man who has sinned
against another. I'ntll that person makes
reparation for the injury' done no priest
can give him absolution. If he Is guilty
of theft, he must repay what he has
stolen. Should the law of tho church
make no such requisition, confession
would be a trifle and a farce. It seems
humiliating to human flesh and blood to
be required to lay at the foot of a fel
low man every secret and wish which was
is.it pure and every sin and offense they
have committed against the law, both
human and divine, but it was instituted
for the purpose of e-xeiting true contri
tion and a desire to sin no more."
THE ARMY CANTEEN.
Rev. E. A. Woods Deprecates the Ba- !
x loon as a Pest.
Rev. E. A. Woods of the First Baptist !
Church spoke , last night on the "Army
Canteen," and his words were aimed at j
the hearts of the roistering soldiers who j
gin in drunkenness. !,r ■ -
"The army canteen." he said, "is the
cause of more sin, more wickedness, more
ill health and destruction of life than any
sickness the soldiers battle against. The
ri-Kiments that had these canteens at
tached to them suffered more severely
than the others. There sickness was to
be found in greater abundance than in
the other regiments, for the soldier who ;
drinks exposes himself to all things with
out a thought of the consequences,
"I hope the President will in his In
vestigation of the management of the
fuisrf bring this finny canteen pest -be*
fore the commission and demand its abo
lition."
MAY CURTAIL MILK SUPPLY.
Health Department Orders an Inspec
tion of Country ~_erds for
Texas Fever.
The Board of Health has Instructed its
veterinary surgeon. Dr. I. W. O'Rourke
and Chief Food Inspector Dockery and
Assistant Inspector Davis to investigate
the condition of the dairy herds In neigh
boring counties where milk and beef are
sent to San Francisco, and report at the
SSSfSSW.S?. board on the preva
lence of Texas fever.
If the conditions are found to be as re
ported a strict quarantine will be ordered
against infected districts. The inspectors
have already begun their work, but so
far have found little to warrant the tak
ing of such summary action. They have
not reached the localities, however, where
the most alarming reports come from. Of
the 30 am) gallons of milk used In this city
daJly. ii v «»> gallons are shipped in from
adjacent counties. ÜBI
HER NECK BROKEN.
Mrs. Mclntosh Falls Out of Bed and
Is Almost Instantly Killed.
Mrs. Ellen Mclntosh, a domestic, aped
47 years, met death in a peculiar manner
yesterday afternoon. The unfortunate
woman lived in a lodging-house at 304
Eighth street, and shortly after noon one
of the lodgers heard a peculiar noise in
her room as If the occupant had fallen
out of bed. As Mrs. Mclntosh had not
appeared up to 5 o'clock the landlady of
the house determined to make an investi
gation.
Summoning a lodger, she had him break
down the door of Mrs. Mclntosh's room
On the floor lay the woman, her head
resting against a cuspidor. Thinking sne
was still alive, the landlady had the un
fortunate woman removed \n the Receiv
ing Hospital. A glance at the body show
ed that life was extinct. Dr. Ifogan,
after an examination, gave as his opin
ion that the woman's neck had been
broken by the fall.
Spoke for Kahn.
The Branch Republican Club of the j
DEATH BY POISON.
Two Young Married Women Become Tired of Life.
One Is Successful in Joining the Grsat
Majority.
rpWO young married women Bought
death yesterday afternoon by the pois
| JL son route. One was successful and the
j other is in a critical condition. They
; reached the Receiving Hospital . within
j half an hour of each other. The first to
I arrive .was Mrs. Irene Beatrice I,yle from
j39 Turk street. She is about 18 years of
I age and has only been married two or
three months. Her husband is said to be
a gambler who frequents the Cafe Royal.
Some one had told her that her huaband
Intended to leave her. as they haul been
Indulging in "spats." and as he was pull-
Ing on his boots yesterday afternoon to
go out It flasned into her mind that she
would not see him again, and going to the
washstand she poured the contents of a
bottle of lysol, a deadly poison, down her
throat, and sank to the floor screaming
with pain. Lyle rushed for Dr. H. D. Rob
ertson, the family Dhysician. after pour
ing some sweet oil down his wife's throat,
but meantime the ambulance had been
summoned, and when the doctor reached
the nous* she bad boen takea to the JlO3
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1898.
HURLED HEADLONG
FROM M BALLOON.
C"W. VOSMER, who makes his liv
ing courting death in midair, an
l aeronaut, in other words, lies in
a critical condition in the Park Hospi
tal, the victim of an accident remark
able in its way, but not uncommon to
those who choose to soar among the
clouds to Inspire the admiration of
the brave and the awe of the timid.
Yesterday Vosmer was to make hla
initial ascension at the Chutes. At the
hour the daring aeronaut believed he
would be alone with the clouds he was
being hurried unconscious to the hos
pital. Hours later he awoke and asked
his attendants how it was that he was
In a strange place and how every time
! Forty-fifth District met at 412 Jackson
! street Saturday night M. B. Golden spoke.
i in behalf of Julius Kahn for Congri -
I there were several other spirited speeches.
j During the evening H. S. Martin, candl
i date for Sheriff, was presented to the club.
i The officers of the club are Jacob Drey
■ fus* president; H. Golden, first vice-presi
dent; H. B. Kelly, recording secretary: J.
J. Miller, financial secretary and treas
urer.
ADMIRAL MILLER ARRIVES.
He Will Be Believed by Commodore
Kautz, Now on His Way
From the East.
Rear Admiral Miller returned early
yesterday morning on the Philadelphia
and is at present a guest at the Occi
dental. His trip to Hawaii, where hd
was commissioned by the Government for
the flag raising seremonles, seems to have
agreed with him Immensely. The admiral
has put on several pounds of flesh since
his departure from this city and he is
healthily burned from exposure.
••Everything was successful as regards
my mission." he said yesterday. "It was
a "simple ceremony which went off with
out a hitch. The islands are now a part
of us, as you have read these many times.
I have asked the Government to relieve
me from service, though my time for re
tirement does not arrive until November
22. I do not know whrmer I will go to
Washington or not. At any rate, I am
practically on the retired list at the pres
ent time. I will be relieved by Commo
d..re Kautz, who will arrive here in a
few days from the East."
pital. She may recover, although her con
dition is critical. Her father was the
late George O. Spencer of Oakland, who
died about a year ago, leaving her $IWO
to be paid to her on attaining her ma
jority. She said she did not want to live
without her husband, and he called at the
hospital and BOOOthed her by telling her
that he would never leave her.
Half an hour later Tdrs. I,ulu Fisher,
wife of E4 F. Fisher, a plumber living at
216 Vi Sixth street, was taken to the hospi
tal In the ambulance, suffering from car
bolic acid poisoning. l>r. Thompson did
all he could for her, but she died in a
few minutes. Fisher accompanied the am
bulance to the hospital. He said his wife
was a highly nervous woman and suffered
Kr.-;itly, which made her despondent.
Sometimes she was almost out of her
mind and talked about not wanting to live.
A few days ago she got a bottle of car
bolic acid as a medicine, and yesterday
afternoon while he was out for a few
minutes she swallowed the poison. When
he returned he found her unconscious in
bed. They had been married seven years
and had no children. She was 28 years
of age and her mother, Mrs. Gaffe, lives
1
in Port Cob ta. Tlie body, was removed to
the Morg~aa.
he tried to move he had to close his
eyes from pain. He was told to rest
and in a brief time the facts of his
narrow escape from death came back
to him and he closed his eyes again,
as though to cast from his mind the
memory of an accident most remark
able in that death was not its end.
At 5 o'clock In the afternoon . th«
aeronaut left the theater to make the
ascension. The huge balloon, filled to
the vent, was swaying In the brisk
breeze, but this failed to frighten Vos
mer or cause him to abandon the as
cent. He took his place on the trapeze
fastened to the parachute, which he
calculated would safely conduct him to
earth again, gave the signal, the ropes
were cut and the monster bag bounded
toward the heavens. At a hundred feet
the balloon seemed to leap into
the midst uf a whirlwind in the upper
currents. Tho balloon spun like a top,
half collapsed and careened toward the
ground. The aeronaut smiled and han
dled the bag as a master would rein a
fractious horse. It started again for
the skies, was caught again in the
whirlwind, careened and, as though
the struggle with the elements had
ruffled its spirits, it turned its spout
upward and like a volcano in minia
ture, belched forth a cloud of smoke
and noisome ga.=. The smoke enveloped
the aeronaut. Once he swung free of
the poisonou.« pas, but again the dead
ly fumes filled his lungs. The balloon
careened again and out fpirn the
smoke shot the body of the aeronaut.
WORK OF THE PURE
FOOD INSPECTORS
COMPARATIVELY FEW RESTAU
RANTS IN BAD CONDITION.
One Fruit Cannery Condemned and
Ordered Closed by Chief In
spector Dockery.
The Bureau of Food Inspection of the
Health Department, in charge of Chief
Food Inspector James P. Dockery, has
completed its report for the month of Sep
tember. It shows that during the month
725 restaurants, hotels, bakeries and eat
ing houses were visited for the second
time. Of these t>3o were found to be In good
condition and 95 in very baa shape. No
tices were served on the proprietors of the
latter, giving them ten days to renovate
their kitchens. Thirty-three cases w>re
referred to the plumbing department,
while 67 were served with notices to abate
nuisances. Of 02 candy factories Inspected
all but two were found to be in good con
dition, a;:<l these two were given ten days'
notice to put their places in good order.
Three hundred and eighty-nine of the 445
fruit storey inspected were found to be
in satisfactory condition. Two were in
very bad shape. Notices were served on
fifty-four to put in proper garbage recep
tacles. The inspectors condemned twen
ty-nine dozen melons, eight boxes of
pears, eleven boxes of tomatoes, eight
boxes of plums, seven boxes of figs, four
boxes of peaches, six boxes of apples,
twelve boxes of berries and seven boxes of
gra.pes.
Thirty-two pickle factories were visited
and ull were found to be in good condition,
but of the thirteen fruit canneries in
spected one was found to be in such bad
condition that It was closed forthwith.
Thirteen tamale factories and thirty dai
ries were inspected and all found in good
order.
It Is the Intention of Chief Dockery to
continue the work right along and see
that the restaurants, hotels, bakeries,
canneries and factories do not lapse into
their former filthy state.
AT THE PARK AND CLIFF.
Small Crowds Visit the City's Pleas-
ure Grounds.
At the park and Cliff the crowds -were :
unusually small yesterday. Notwith- ;
standing the rain and fog the Park band 1
was on hand- at the usual hour and j
played out the programme, thougrh but j
few pleasure-seekers remained in the i
rain to gratify their love of harmony.
Several new exhibits have been added j
to the museum during the past week and j
many enjoyed themselves in the big !
building, which afforded protection from
the storm. Among the new exhibits re- j
ceived are an original die used in coin- :
ing silver dollars at the Carson City
Mint in 1868, presented by Edward S.
Spring; native spear from the South Seas |
presented by H. Overmohle; a freak of ;
nature in the form of a two-headed kit
ten burdened with eight legs, preserved In
alcohol, presented by Dr. Kohenstein;
three copies of celebrated etchings, pre
sented by Mrs. J. Hunt; a large live ]
tarantula, presented by Joseph P. Car
roll; a rare specimen of Indian needle
work, donated by Mrs. M. Murry.
Out at Sutro's Kaths a large crowd con
gregated to witness the swimming con- '
tests. The 50-yard dnsh was won by G. ;
Rudonick. with D. Mackel second. R.
Fenton won the obstacle race, Bevins
second; Otto Schulte won the spring- :
board diving contest. G. Lacoste second. |
The last event on the programme, the j
high diving contest, was won by S. Ray
mous, F. Green second.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY to
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because it is pure.
Need of More Power.
George W. Dickie, superintendent of the
Union Iron Works, will read a paper at
the meeting of the Presbyterian Minis
terial Union in the Mission Home, ;<2O
Sacramento street, at 10:30 a, m. to-day
on "Naval Power; Is It Necessary for the
Portlier Development of the United
States?" The meeting will be open to all.
The fame of the speaker and his famili
arity with his subject guarantees a large
attendance.
Rally, Republicans.
A mass-meeting under the auspices of
the regular Republican Club of the
Thirty-sixth Assembly District will be
held at Twin Peaks Hall, Seventeenth and
Noe streets, on Tuesday evening, October
11, at 8 o'clock. Hon. Eugene Loud, Hon.
Henry N. Clement, E. L. Head and other
prominent candidates will addreea the
meeting. Hamilton J. Higgins is chair
man, of the executive committee.
Head foremost to the earth he plunged
and, amid the shrieks and cries of
women and children and the shouts of
men, he was carried unconscious and
bleeding from the grounds.
A physician was hurriedly summoned
and a cursory examination disclosed
the fact that through some kind in
tervention of fate the injured man had
escaped with several cuts and bruises.
No bones were broken, and as far as
could be ascertained he escaped inter
nal injury, but time alone will de
velop his true condition. The balloon
was picked up at Kleventh and How
ard streets and was returned to the
Chutes by order of the police.
At a late hour last night the unfor
tunate aeronaut was resting as easily
as could be expected, considering the
nature of his hurts. The physicians
in attendance would give no opinion as
to the probable result of his injuries,
but stated that to-day they would
know whether or not death or recovery
was to be the aeronaut's fate.
GAGE'S CAMPAIGN
IN THE SAN JOAQUIN
WILL BE ASSISTED BY E. F.
PRESTON.
Senator Perkins Will Join Him in
Stockton — General Barnes to
Speak in Oakland Next
Saturday Night.
The center of active Republican cam
paigning will be transferred to-day to
the San Joaquin Valley where James G.
Mag-uire has just concluded his efforts to
convince the voters that he is "the whole
thing"— Democrat, Populist, labor, every
thing but single tax. The latest reports
from the valley indicate that the Demo
cratic-Popocratic leader has made a
losing fight. It is now predicted that
San Joaquin County, upon which Mr. Ma
guire has based great hopes, will not
supply enough voters to carry the day for
him. Cheering news also comes from the
upper end of the valley, where leading
Democrats and Populists are abandoning
the Maguire standard and announcing
their intention to vote for Gage.
During this week Mr. Gage will be ac
companied by E. F. Preston of this city.
The itinerary will be Bakersfield. Mon
day; Tulare. Tuesday afternoon; Visalia.
Tuesday evening; Hanford, Wednesday;
Fresno," Thursday; Madera. Friday after
noon; Merced. Friday night; Stockton.
Saturday, where Senator Perkins will
also make a speech.
On next Saturday night General "W . H.
L. Barnes will speak in Oakland.
At Metropolitan Temple on Wednesday
night Julius Kahn. Senator BfcGowan and
others will address a large meeting.
General A. L. Hart and Thomas D.
Hutchinson will speak to the people of
Ukiah next Saturday evening.
TO MEET THE ROSEBUD.
Young Pluto, the Australian feather
weight, has signified his unwillingness to
meet Sammy Maxwell in a limited round
go, and the efforts that were being made
to effect a meeting of the two clever
lightweights are off. It is said, however,
that a match for young Pluto has been
found in the Kentucky Rosebud, a col
ored star of the Eastern firmament.
Whether the fresh proposition will result
In a go or not is a matter of conjecture,
but the fact is significant that on Fri
day Billy Kennedy mailed two tickets to
Philadelphia that are intended for the
transportation of the Rosebud and his
trainer to this city.
Gus Herget is still looking for some
thing in the line of fists to go up against
Sammy Maxwell, and he says that Max
well is open to any legitimate proposi
tion.
You will find the latest things In wall
paper at Clark's. R33 Market street. •
Schwaben Verein's Ball.
The seventeenth anniversary and ball
of the San Francisco Schwaben Verein
was held at San Francisco Turners' Hall,
323 Turk street, last evening. A number
of prominent candidate!) were among the
guests of the society and toast-making
anil speeches were in order until an early
hour thin morning. Everybody had a
royal good time. The club is one of the
oldest and wealthiest in this city. Its
officers are: William Wucherer. presi
dent; Ludwig LnJenhurp.'r. vice-presi
dent- dance committee — Eugene Felch
mann, Charies Dereschfr. Fred Bater;
floor manager, Chris Schultz; aids— Joe
Hoelle. Chris Wucherer: leader of sing
ing clubs, Captain C. Spiegel.
Pastime Club Social.
An announcement ho? ber-n made by
the members of the Pastime Outing Club
that their first grand social will take
place on Saturday evening, October IS, at
Turn Verein Hall, 323 Turk street, at 8
oclock. Owing to the popularity of the
club In that portion of the city the affair
promises to be a great success. The fol
lowinp officers <>r the club are in charge:
Charles Beschoman, president: H. Heffln,
recording secretary; A. Matthiesen, finan
cial secretary.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children,
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
PTOTH
DEPARTMENT !
Our FALL IMPORTATION of NEW
CLOTHS is now complete, and we call
particular attention to the following lines,
which are exceedingly good value.
52-INCH FRENCH AMAZON (PO Kfl x, *
CLOTH... *p/U.OKJ Yard.
52-INCH FRENCH BROAD- Q/j 7K v J
CLOTH <PL.IO Yard.
54-INCH ENGLISH MELTON &A OfT „
CLOTH tpl.^O Yard.
54-INCH ENGLISH LEATHER &4 f\f\ w J
CLOTH $I.UU Yard.
54-INCH AMERICAN LADIES' HVLn
CLOTH 10l Yard.
All of t\)e above cloths we are showing in the very latest -
SHADES AND MIXTURES.
We also have a splendid assortment of ENGLISH COV-
ERT CLOTHS AND VENETIANS; GOLF, KERSEY OND
BOURETTE CLOAKINGS. and a complete assortment of
27-INCH ENGLISH CORDUROYS.
DRAPERY DEPARTMENT.
■
We have received this week a full line of NEW
GOODS for this department, Including PLAIN AND
PRINTED ART DENIMS, PLAIN AND PRINTED ART
TICKINGS, HUNGARIAN CLOTHS. DRAPERY SATEENS,
DRAPERY SILKS, TAPESTRIES AND PLAIN AND
PRINTED SILKOLINES.
— *i
TBLiBPHONH C3-^Z,A.I<TT 124.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
BQWEN
If the women whose husbands
smoke will see that the supply of
El Reposos is not exhausted they'll
be sure of keeping the atmosphere
pleasant — the smoke from El Re-
posos gives a pleasing odor
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Claret— 50c gallon $ £C
A first rate claret \
Mushrooms—* Lecourt 2OC
regularly 25c tin
The brand is favorably known to all
dealers and is our best seller
Coffee— Kona\( Hawaii an) 2£C
regularly ?oc lb ground or roast (green
20c lb). We bought it from the Red
Cross society. It was donated to them
by growers in the Hawaiian islands.
If you'd like a change of coffee here's
a happy opportunity.
Shrimps— Barataria tin lOC
For salads
Macaroni— reg'iy 15c ib i2^c
La Favorita brand. Imported
Cocktails— reg'ly $1 yr;C
. Early and Often. Six kinds. Our
blending. Our bottling. Our quality.
None better.
Pine Singapore 2OC
regularly 25c tin 3 lb '
Whole pine apple — fresh flavor
Toilet paper— $1.10
regularly $1.50 doz packages of 1000
large sheets each
Extracts (French) assorted odors 40C
regularly 50c bottle— made in Paris
Toilet SOap— Roger & Oallet 60C
reg'ly 75c-assorted odors-3 cakes in bx
Dusfbeaters— reg'iy 50c 40c
Planet. 13 leather strands on wide
handle— good article
French knife 6-in blade 30c 20c
Best make. Very handy in the kitchen
Smoking tobacco 30c
regularly 40c 4 oz tin.
Surbnig's Best-a mixture of Havana,
Virginia and Perique tobacco. Will
not bite your tongue.
Bloaters— eastern— arrived
CigarS-^ Reposo-box of 25 perfectos $ %
A perfecto is a big cigar and El Report
perfectos are elegantly made of tobacco
raised in Cuba. You pay lots more
for cigars in general in exclusive stores
and for El Reposo quality in partic-
ular. Keep a supply on hand, don't
be compelled to buy poor smokes when
you go out any where
Mail orders entitled to these prices if posted not
later than Wednesday
432 Pine 215 Suner 2800 California San Francisco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland '
fW FAVORITE
FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
FOR WEAK WO MEM.
FOR
MAYORS
JAMES D. PHELAN,
. REGULAR *\
DEMOCRATIC
AND
NON-PA RTISAN
NOMINEE.
FOR...
SHERIFF,
T. F. BONNET,
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND NON-
PARTISAN.NOMINEE.
FOR ASSESSOR,
JOHN D. SIEBE
(PRESENT INCUMBENT).
REPUBLICAN*. XOX-PARTISAN AND POP-
ULIST nominee.
W COUNTY CLERK,
county clerk,
M. A. DEANE,
REGULAR
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
13. L. FITZGERALD
(LABOR COMMISSIONER) '
FOR
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR.
DEMOCRATIC AND POPULIST NOMINEE.
DR. ED. E. HILL
For- CORONER.
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND PEOPLE'S
PARTY NOMINEE.
SPECTACLES&EYf Glasses
ACCIiRATFLYfITTEOBY
EXPERT OPTIC?
AT MODERATE PRICES. '
OPTICJANS 'ano^photo^pwcT
642 MARKET ST. SUW - I£5V
mo** CMnoMicLe Building.
p o 00 000000000 co 000
gw ACE '■'"'I
% GRAND hotels o
o BAH FRANCISCO. 5
• Connected by a. covered paasa.sewa.y. **
" 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. **
O. ■ Ail Under One Management. O
0.1 "OIK THE P&IOKS! (1
D European PI an. SI .00 per day and upward ]T
O Amerlean Plan.s3.OO per day and upward Q
D Correspondence = Solicited. ; Q
!jp JOHN 0. SiREPATSICK, Kuirii. 2
1 QQQQQQftQQQQQQQOBOg