VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 145.
ENGLAND IS
PREPARED TO
DO BATTLE
Feeling* Against Fashoda's
Abandonment More
Determined.
France Inclined to a Peaceful
Settlement, but Only With
Honor.
Special Cable to The Call and the Nevr York Herald. Copyrighted, 1898,
by Jamm Gordon Bennett.
LONDON. Oct. 22.— 1f anybody still harbors the delusion that
pul-w** — nnioii in London, or for the matter of that, in England
—for in this instance they are evidently identical— is likely to
climb down in the Fashoda affair. I can only advise him to come
here and convince himself of th? contrary.
During the last forty-eight hours I have spoken to any num
ber of representative persons of almost every walk of life, but while
not in a single Instance have I encountered any personal animosity
against the French as Frenchmen, neither have 1 met a single per
son who for one moment entertained any hesitation as to what the
attitude of England shall be.
People deplore the bad tast? of Punch's cartoon, representing
France as an organ grinder, and there is evidently a general wish
to avoid hurting French feeling, but not at the price of England re
ceding from her demand that Marchand shall quit Fashoda.
SITUATION IN ENGLAND
IS EXTRLMELY ACUTE
Copyrighted. U9B, by the Associated Press.
LONDON. Oct. 22.— Never since Great
Britain and France began to dispute
over Egypt, nor during the most acute
stage of the Niger differences between
those two countries, has the situation
looked so ominous as to-day.
In spite of the hope expressed in the
sober journals of both countries that
the matter would be amicably arranged,
it Is a fact that the French naval and
military authorities are making fever
iih preparations for war. and though
calm reigns at the British dockyards
at Portsmouth, Chatham and Deven
port,: it is only the calm of prepared
ness. Significant orders have been, ar
riving there from the Admiralty, indi
cating the belief that Great Britain
and France are on the brink of war.
As M. de Blowitz, the Paris correspond
ent of the London Times, writes to
day:
"Never before has there be«»n witness
ed such a state of fever as is now pre
vailing in Great Britain nor so great
an exaltation of public feeling over a
matter of foreign policy. France Is
promptly and rapidly, without looking
forward or backward, preparing to fight
any power provoking her. The French
statesmen, however, still cling to the
hope that the Marquis of Salisbury will
offer some explanation which will en
able them to retir.e from Fashoda with
out apparent sacrifice of dignity. This
hope is based on a conversation be
tween Lord Salisbury and Baron de
Cource], the French Embassador at
London, which figures in a most im
portant dispatch from the yellow book
■which th» French i tnt will is
sue to-morrow."
It is learned by the Associated Press
that Baron de Courcel in this dispatch
Bays that Lord Salisbury during the
conversation asked him what were th-
desir.-s of France in the Soudan. To
this the Bamn replied that France
wished for an outlet on th» Upper Nile.
Lord Salisbury then responded that he
could not promise anything and must
lit with his colleagues on such a
matter.
Frenchmen infer from this attitude
of the British Premier that he is willing
to discuss the French claims, and they
even talk of negotiations being in prog
ress. The English newspapers, how
ever, vigorously combat this impression
and warn France not to be led away
by such illusions. They desire that the
evacuation of Fashoda must precede
anything else.
FRENCHMEN SEEKING
TO AVERT A WAR.
PARIS, Oct. 22. — Never since the dark days when yellow Journal
scare heads lashed the United States into war with Spain has there
been such a lack of courtesy toward a friendly nation, such reckless,
bellicose bluster, as during the last ten days in the editorial columns
of most of the English newspapers.
There is scarcely a paper here — Boulevard or not — that has dis
cussed the situation created by Major Man-hand's success in any
other than a fair and dignified .spirit. All the bluffing- and shouting of
defiance has been done by the yellow press across the silver streak.
The Boleil says to-day: "Everything should be done to avoid war.
Still the desire to humiliate us by demanding the evacuation of Fa
shoda without demur is asking an impossibility. French pride could
not accept such an ultimatum. Luckily the matter seems capable of
arrangement. Wax between England and France would be the worst
calamity that could visit the civilized world.
"It would be a great misfortune for France, but not less unfor
tunate for England. All sensihle men in both countries realize this.
We are therefore convinced that each side will make concessions nec
essary for a peaceful arrangement."
This extract epitomizes French feeling. "Peace, but not peace at
any price," ie the watchword here. Even military and naval officers
do not seem to think hostilities probable. Rear Admiral Dupont BayH
the English are too practical. When the first heat has passed away,
both sides will recognize that Fashoda is not likely to lead to war.
All the same, this officer makes a broad survey of France's naval re
sources. He concludes that her principal Interest is to guard the
Mediterranean.
The San Francisco Call
Th<» Times to-day, referring to the
Fashoda question, pays:
"It is not we who are trying to hu
miliate France, but it is France who
seeks to put a great humiliation on us.
We have beaten the Khalifa and have
effectively occupied the provinces he
usurped. We are now asked to clear out
at the orders of an exploring party of
Frenchmen who owe their escape
from destruction to our military suc
or. if we are kindly permitted
not to clear out. we are to pay a com
pensation for our title to what we have
wrested from the Khalifa. This la r.ot
a thin^ we can consent to discuss upon
any such high-handed summons. We
are there in effective occupation, and
there we Intend to remain."
The French naval preparations were
at first declared to be mere routine ar
rangements, but it is now admitted
that they are directed against Great
Britain. The Minister of Marine. M.
Lockroy, is dispatching orders to all
the naval stations along the coast, and
he is receiving reports as to their con
dition.
The French dockyards and arsenals
are working at full pressure and pre
paring warships and torpedo boats for
active service.
On the British side a feeling of abso
lute self-confidence is displayed.
"Everything ready " Is the burden of
all of the statements from naval quar
ters. In fart the British navy has been
on a war footing for a year pas'
an authoritative pronouncement to this
effect has come from the Secretary to
the Admiralty. Referring to the prepa
rations on the other side of the channel
W. F. Ellison MacArtney km id:
"So far as the British Admiralty is
erned, the ships, o/Hcers and gen
eral administration are ready now to
the wishes of the country. "
A prominent dock yard official in an
interview declared that the circum
es of the present crisis have been
fully provided for. He added that the
British naval authorities had all their
ships ready, and could commission a
Iron "f cruisers and have them off
the French <-ast in less than twenty
four hours. He also pointed out that It
not for nothing that the British
naval maneuvers were to be put off
this year. He added that the British
ships at the r,. s ,. n t moment have a
larger supT* 1 - of coal on board and
available and a larger stock of provis
ions than ever known before.
The British Admiralty list to-day
shows that nine battleships and eleven
fast cruisers are lying in the Mediter
ranean, while the British Channel
Contlnn«"<i on Page Four
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBEB 23, 1898-THIKTY-TWO PAGES.
WEBSTER DAVIS, ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR.
"BETRAYED
BY POPULIST
PIE-HUNTERS"
J. V. Webster Talks
Out Plainly.
NO CANDIDATE TO VOTE FOR
FORTY THOUSAND ELECTORS
WHO WERE IGNORED.
The Large Majority Will Cast a Bal
lot for Gage in Preference to Ma
guire, Whose Alleged Prin
ciples Are Fallacies.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
906 Broadway, Oct. 22.
"Betrayed by pie-hunters— pie-hunters,
who, having once tasted and who, like
hogs at a trough, cannot be driven away
tttes are whett<>d."
Thus spoke one of the most honest and
best-known farmers of California, referr
ing to the present predicament of the Pop
ulists, who fully recognized the fact that
on the official ballot there are no candi
dates whom they are botin* to by pnrty
tins. This farmer is J. V. Webster,
who four years ago was the candidate
for Governor on the Populist ticket and
polled a vote that astonished tho State.
Mr. Webster is now on a brief visit to
Oakland from hie ranch in San Luis
Obispo County, and he has been to some
extent canvassing the sentiments of
Populists In n-lation to the so-called deal
between the three parties.
•'1 raving had no crops In Ban Luis
Obispo this year," said Mr. Webster, "wo
have had plenty of time to think, and
since the so-called Populist convention at
Sacramento some of us have done a great
deal of thinking. We are now In the un
fortunate predicament of having no one
to vote for who represents our princi
ples, and undoubtedly a large proportion
of the Populist vote will go to Mr. Gage,
not because they desire him for Gover
nor, but because by voting for the fu
sionlst outfit they will be helping to per
petuate the disgrace into which the so
called Populist leaden have dragged a
section of their party.
"At Sacramento the Populist delegates
were treated to a surprise. There were
there many l.onest farmers, knowing
IK. thing of the wiles arid chicanery of
professional politics. There were also a
number of so-called Populist delegates,
mostly from San Francisco and Los An
whu were simply hunting pie— l
can express It in no other way. The
honest Populist*, llnding that a scheme
had been matured to sell out the party
to the Democrats, merely that a few al
leged Populists might get an office, wished
to return bonne and ally themselves with
the Socialists. This proposition was not
favored l>y the majority of the straight
Populists and, as the result of a caucus,
wo held the bolting convention and noml
nated Bhanahan. This was done, not be
cause we expected to elect Mr. Shana
han but TOcause we wished to preserve
our organization as a nucleus upon which
to build up the party after this cam
palgn of disgrace and treachery. The de
cision of the Supreme Court that the fu
:s have the right to the party name
and that we Populists are nameless is
sum. thing that 1 have not yet been able
to understand. At Sacramento the forces
were just about equally divided appar
ently, i-ut in reality we claim that the
majority of the Populists were opposed to
fusion. The vote for Magulre would have
been turned around had about ten men
changed thoir minds. San Francisco hnd
twenty-six delegates and Los Angeles
nineteen, and one-half of these forty-five
delegates were unknown to Populism and
are understood to be rank Democrats.
Consequently, as they all voted for
Magulre, the latter's nomination did not
fairly represent even a majority of the
convention.
"Secretary of State Brown surely did
right when he recognized the Populists as
being the representatives of their own
party. We simply took our action at Sac
mento to preserve that party and Mr.
Brown evidently looked at the matter in
the same way we did.
■'Mr. Bhanahan represented about
40.000 voters and 1 am convinced that a
large portion of them will not vote for
Mr. Maguire. Many will leave a blank,
at the head of their ballot and many oth
ers will vote for Mr. Gage. I have met
several prominent Populists who nave
told me that although they do not like
Mr. Gage's doctrine, he is the least of two
evils and will pet their support. For this
reason the Republican leader will prob
ably get one-half of the p. - •> > *vho favor
ed Mr. Shanahan. Of the other half
some will vote for Mr. Maguire and oth
ers will not vote at all.
"How shall I vote? Well. I shall not
vote for Maguire. I shall vote for Jacob
H. XerT, and as for the head of my bal
lot, I may probably leave it blank, but
it will not contain a red cross to help
fusion. Mr. Maguire is not sincere.
•'Nothing can oe accomplished by
having a man representing half a dozen
different platforms, not one of which he
could carry out without antagonizing
some of the* others. Mr. Magulre does not
represent the Populists ana they do not
want him. He is just as much of a Demo
crat as Gage Is a Republican, but of the
two, Mr. Gage is certainly the most sin-
"Mr. Mngulre has In th« past had a
freat deal to say about single tax. Since
lenry George first vented his ideas I have
made a study of his principles. I have
read all that Mr. George has written and
have frequently discussed the subject
with him. Its principles are founded on
a false basis and it would be the crown
ing blow to tliH farmers of California if
single tax were foisted upon them. At
th.- present time the farmers arc not liv
ing; they are merely struggling along
hoping almost against hope. Mr. Ma
gulre's idea of taxation would drive the
farmers out of business and would quick
ly put their farms into the hands of the
hankers and mortgage holders. I cannot
conceive of any system of taxation that
would be more agreeable to the Southern
Pacific Company and many large corpo
rations than the single tax. I do nut 1>. ■-
lleve that the Bouthern Pacific would
liave to pay one-quarter of the present
taxes it now reluctantly pays the State
if the single tax principles were enforced.
If Mr. Maguire Is anxious to hnow how
the farmers regard his single tax ideas,
h<; should go upon a few or the ranches
in San Luis Obispo and Kern counties
and talk to the men who own them."
"Another proof of Mr. Maguire's insin
cerity is his oft-repeated cry of what ho
J. V. WEBSTER.
will do to the railroad company and its
Interests should he be elected Governor.
Nobody knows better than Mr. Magulre
and myself tfiat the Governor of Califor
nia is the merest puppet in regard to
doing anything to the railroad company,
lie an do nothing. He cannot influence
the Legislature, he cannot regulate a sin
gle fare, and If the Legislature is suffi
ciently strong it can pass anything over
his veto and he cannot do anything to
help himself. as a member of Congress
Mr. llagulns could oppose the railroad
company, and yet it Is of record that
when Mr. Heed asked if there was any
objection to a certain railroad bill being
laid over for a long time. Mr. Maguire
did not even raise his voice to object.
Mr. Maguire has made little of this por
tion of his career in Congress, and has
stated that it is an absurdity to suppose
that by making an objection he could
have stopped tne proceeding. This is
quite right for the majority was probably
against him, but it would certainly have
been more in keeping with his anti-rail
road talk to have made objection which
would have necessitated a vote of the
House and would have convinced us that
Mr. Magulre is sincere.
"If Mr. Maguire is telling the truth
and can as Governor control the railroads
of the State, he could certainly inilict the
single tax on California, and God knows
what next.
"Should Gage receive a big majority it
will bring Populists to their senses and
will demonstrate the fact that fusion is
a delusion and a snare and is simply the
scheme of the pie-hunters. The work of
years has been undone and the People's
party needs to be reorganized. We can
not accomplish anything while such peo
ple as Barlow and Wardell are willing
to do anything for a piece of pie. That
is where the trouble lies. The People's
party split wide open and one section de
livered to those whom the party was or
ganized to defeat— and all because of a
few pie-chasers. The Populists are in
deed in a bad fix. We cannot vote for
Maguire. Mr. Barlow showed too plainly
what might be expected of him in the
suit of Marlon Brooks. Mr. Roberts, the
joint Senator of San Luis Oblspo and
Kern counties, has yet a settlement to
make with the Grand Jury. Walter Van
Dyke has been guilty of so much petty
meanness that it would be highly dan
gerous to have him on the Supremo
Bench, and, therefore, the straight Popu
lists are in a -bad predicament.
"Is it any wonder that many of them
have made up their minds that there is
a better prospect of relief through elect-
Ing Mr. Gage than by perpetuating the
insincere official career of Mr. Maguire?"
VOTERS OF
SACRAMENTO
ENTHUSED
Hear the Flinging flddress
of H° n - Webster {
Davis.
Pictures of Ttys Great Republic
Ur)der Democratic and Repub
lican Rule Vividly Drawn.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 22.— One of the
largest audiences ever seen In Sacra
mento assembled to-night at the Pa
vilion, Sixth and M streets, to listen to
an address by Hon. Webster Davis of
Missouri, Assistant Secretary of the In
terior. The address was in all things
far in advance of what was expected of
the man who had been heralded as an
orator of brilliant attainments and one
well vereed in political lore. It was ex
pected that he would live up to the
reputation that had preceded him, but
in the presence of the magic of his ring
ing oratory and brilliant logic the thou
sands who listened to him forgot all
else and only sought to express their
enthusiasm by applause such as? is sel
dom accorded a public speaker.
Never before have the voters of Sac
ramento been accorded the privilege of
seeing the pictures of this great repub
lic under Democratic and Republican
administrations painted in such strik
ing colors as they were to-night, when
they were held up to the gaze of the
assembled multitude through the me
dium of the speaker's magic words, and
never before was the contrast between
those pictu^s so clearly defined. It
was a masterly effort and one that will
leave a deep impression on the minds
of those who heard and saw— an im
pression that will remain when the re
sult of the coming election shall have
become a portion of the political his
tory of the State.
The reception accorded Mr. Davis on
this, his first public appearance in Cali
fornia, was sufficiently flattering to
leave no doubt that the men who reside
on the western end of the continent are
not less appreciative than those in the
East, where the orator has for so long
been a favorite. His recital of the
things that have been accomplished by
President McKinley's administration
and of former Republican administra
tions was a glowing tribute to the
worth of the men through whose hands
the people have been served so well
and faithfully as well as a demonstra
tion of the purity and worth of the
principle of protection for which the
Republican party stands. He showed
how this country had for thirty years
from IS6O been under the beneficial rule
of a Republican administration, and
that during that period it enjoyed a
season of prosperity the like of which
has not been seen in any country in
the world.
So frequent and so demonstrative was
the applause that the speaker felt that
not only were his words falling: upon
ears that were sympathetic and hearts
that were appreciative of the great
truths which he enunciated, but also
that the whole-heartedness with
which the citizens of California wel
come strangers within their grates was
not withheld from him even though his
mission was that of an instructor — a
teacher of political truths — a vocation
that is not always popular even when
the pill of truth is covered with a sweet
coating. Californians are irresistible in
their warmheartedness and Sacramen
tans are by no means an exception to
the rule as a political demonstration.
As an unusual effort of an eloquent
orator, and as an Indication of the rush
of the tide of Republicanism that is
destined to sweep everything before it
at the polls next November, to-night's
meeting was a marvelous success. If
there was ever a doubt as to the side
on which the majority given by Sac
ramento County will be written, that
doubt was swept away to-night and the
verdict Riven to Gage and McKinley
and Republicanism — the Republicanism
of Lincoln, of Garfleld, of Grant and
of Blame.
Every available seat in the Pavilion
and every foot of standing room was
occupied when Elwood Bruner, on be
half of the County Central Committee,
called the meeting to order. Mr. Davis
had been escorted from his hotel to the
Pavilion by the members of the State
Capitol Republican Club and the Me-
Kinley Republicajn Club. Bonfires, fire
works, booming cannon and flaring
torches marked the route of the party
through the city, and cheer after cheer
was given the distinguished visitor by
the thousands of citizens who thronged
the line of march.
In callinsr the meeting to order Mr.
Bruner said: "California is coming
into line this year as she has always
done in the past. Phe has always been
alive to the principles of patriotism,
and she will be so this year. It could
not be otherwise — the issues at stake
are too great. By our votes at the
coming election we must and will stand
behind President McKlnley and the Re
publican administration."
Mr. Bruner then announced the
names of the vice presidents of the
meeting, after which he introduced Dr.
W. F. Wiard as the president of the
evening. Dr. Wiard made a short ad
dress in which he admonished his hear
ers to consider the matter well before
they cast their votes at the coming
election. If such consideration was
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
given, he paid, the result would be that
they would vote the Republican ticket.
He then introduced Hon. Webster
Davis.
Advancing to the platform Mr. Davis
was greeted by prolonged applause and
cheers, and he said:
You folks seem to be surprised to see a
Republican from Missouri. (Laughter.)
There were three
hundred and four
thousand of them at
the last election in
Missouri, and there
will be enough this
time to make a grain
of at least four or five
Congressmen in the
great State of Mis
souri. (Applause and
cheers.) So it ne d not surprise you so
much to see a Republican from Missouri
hereafter. (Laughter.,)
I have been making a trip, my friends,
from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific
Ocean, and I have gut this far on the
way. I have passed through eight or nine
different States, have had an opportunity
of visiting among the people and of hear
ing their expressions, and I can say to
you truthfully to-night that from what I
have seen and heard I am satisfied that
anyway, until you get to California— and
I can tell you better after 1 have visited
a little more in California— but 1 am sat
isfied from California eastward there is
going to be a perfect landslide for the
Republican party. (Tremendous applause
and cheers.) From the evidence I ha r e
seen here to-day I am led to believe that
it will not stop at California, but will
take In this splendid State also. Why,
think of a meeting of this size on Satur
day night in a city like this. It is per
fectly marvelous— the worst night in the
week to hoid a meeting on. Yet you have
this magnificent audience here to meet a
perfect stranger. It is simply because
the people of California are interested in
the outcome of this campaign.
They are interested in sending the mes
sage back to the East that we out here
in the Golden State— this marvelous State,
with its wonderful natural resources,
with its untold wealth beneath the
soil and the splendid wealth on the sur
face of that soil, with its noble men and
with its splendid citizenship, as well as
its handsome women— are determined to
send the word back East that this fitate
stands with McKinley and his adminis
tration (vociferous cheering and pro
longed applause), and why should it not
be so? As tempest tossed mariners,
when lost on the billows of the sea, often
obtain their bearings by the aid
of the north stax, a glimpse of
which they catch in the rift of
the stormcloud, and are by it guided
to a haven of safety, so in the midst of
the most fearful storm of financial de
pression that this republic ever saw in
all its wondrous history, when the clouds
hung like a pall of death over this re
public from one end of it to the other—
in the midst of that awful depression,
in the midst of breaking banks, wrecks
of financial institutions, breaking com
mercial institutions, in the mdst of thou
sands of idle men, in the midst of starv
ing women and starving children, then
it was, as these clouds hung over this
republic, that the cries of patriots every
where pierced through these clouds and
saw a beautiful star beckoning them on,
and following that star they anchored by
and by in a blessed haven of peace and
prosperity. It was the American, the
liberty loving, the God loving star of Wil
liam McKinley of Ohio. (Thunderous
applause and cheers.)
And the people of
7 the republic to-day
appreciate the services
of this distinguished
man who has done so
much in the brief
■ of a year and a
half of his adminis
tration to bring better
' times to a suffering
Republican
From
Missouri.
Good Times
Brought
to the People
-— — — — people. And this ad
ministration nas brought good times to
the people of this country. No adminis
tration in the history of the republic haa
accomplished so much in the same space
of time. Think of it! Two years ago
there were idle men by thousands marcn
lng through this country, joining Coxey
annies — marching to Washington. As
Mayor of Kansas City in Mls-souri, I stood
on "the banks of the Missouri River and
dealt out food, bread and meat, wagon
load after wagon load, that had been pur
chased by the good people of Kansas
City— wagon load after wagon load t»
starving men. who came down that river
on rafts. And I said to them: "Where
are you going, my friends?"
"On to Washington." "What for."
"To pray for relief
from the hardships of
Piocratic admin
>n." (Laughter
plause.)
ny of you folks
lear of Coxey
under a Repub
administratlon?
Never in your life — no
Coxey Has
Gone Out
of Business.
————— such thing as ( oxey
armies under a Republican administra
tion. (Applause.) You have had a year
and a half of Republicanism, a year and
a half of protective policy, a year and
a half of McKinley, and Coxey has gone
out of business. (Laughter and cries of
"That's right.") In the history of this
country every time you have drifted away
from the policy of protection, every time
you have had Coxey armies, if not by that
name, armies of idle men looking for
work, which is the same thing. In ISIS
you had free trade in this country and
you had free silver too at the ratio of 15.
to that is what - you had— and there/
were Idle men by thousands looking- for
work. The farmers of the country did not
receive good prices for the products of
their farms. Starving women and chil
dren, dust covered mills and factories.
Idle wheels and spindles, wretchedness
and misery everywhere. Henry Clay said:
"If I were called upon to name the hard
est times in the history of my country
I would name the seven years prior to the
tariff of 1524."
Then came the protection in 1824: then
came good times again. Farmers began
to get good prices for the products of
their farms: idle men
began to get work ev
erywhere. - The fur
naces were started up
again, wheels men
to get work ev
ere. The fur
were started up
wheels and
spindles were moving
once more, and good
times prevailed. Then
came free trade in
1837. Then came Idle
" men by thousands, a
repetition of. the Coxey army of 1886. Then
Protection
Caused
Prosperity.2
came falling prices of the markets or
the produce of the American farmers;
then came wretchedness and misery.
everywhere. . _ ,
Then came protection again. Better!
times; men getting work.; idle men quit
their march and went to work; farmers |
upon the farms received better prices for
the products of their farms; then came
free tiade again in 1857; then came Idle
men by thousands; then came wretched
ness nd misery; then came falling prices
for the products of the American farmer. !
Then in 11 V '«.' the Republican party came
Into power and the policy of protection
was a grain thoroughly established In the
republic. What was the result? For
thirty years under protection and Repub- I
llcanism this republic prospered as no i
other country in the world ever pros
pered In the same space of time. (Tremen-
Uous applause and cheers.) Men got work
everywhere at good wages anil full time;
farmers got good prices for the products
of their farms. Everywhere was happi
ness, peace and prosperity and plenty.
Little children went to the public schools.
All was peace, all was good times, all was
comfort. For thirty years that was the
condition In this country.
When the Republican party took charge
of the Government there was a national
d.eht hanging over it of two billion three
hundred million dollars, not counting the j
interest. But under thirty years of Re
publicanism, under thirty years of pro
tection, the Republican party paid off one
billion light hundred millions of that na
tional debt, which as an average of six
ty-four millions of liars a year. (Pro
longed applause and cheers.)
A voice— That is pretty good.
Pretty good record,
wasn't it? Then came
a change of policy |
again. Then came a i
change of idministra- j
tlon. Then came the
Wilson tariff bill. i
What was the result?
Idle men by thousands
marching through the '
country: mills and
factories closing down in the East ; dust
covered wheels antl spindles again; farm
ers permitting the grain to rot in the
lields and their fruit to decay in the or
chards. Little children would not attend
the public schools because they had no
Clothing sufficient to cover their naked
ness, because father was out of work and
mother bending over the ash-tub from
early mo.rnlng uctil late at night trying
to make brjta.6 for her little ones, while
her husband walked the street looking j
for work or joined in Coxey armies and I
marched to Washington. Did we con- |
tinue to pay off the national debt? No. |
What was the result? Under the Wilson j
bill the national debt was being no longer i
paid off, as the Republicans with the I
policy of protection had been . Ing. Hut !■
what was the- result? In the piping!
times of peace, when the war drum beat
no longer and the battleflags were furled, .
our nation lf-s»u«'d bonds to the amount of !
$263,000,000, with interest running thirty j
years, which at the end of that time will !
require $607,000,000 to pay the debt— a j
national debt one-fourth as large as the j
whole national debt at the close of the
Civil war. That Is what the Wilson bill
did for the people of this country. What
do you think of it? [a there any wonder j
that we had hard times? Is there any !
wonder that we had this wretchedness j
and misery? And Mr. Cleveland la not i
responsible for it. either— for when that !
bill was brought to him he pronounced it !
an act of perfidy and dishonor. Don't
y.OU remember? Mr. Cleveland cannot be j
held responsible, for it, but a majority of j
the Democratic party passed that bill.
It became a law and the country suf
fered for several years as it never suf
fered before. That is the difference in
administrations. That is the difference in
the policies of the administrations rather.
It is the difference between the protec
tive theory and the theory of free trade.
Ruin Caused
by the
Wilson Bill
■
■
ago and
told the young
it member - "r.d t h c
worklngmen
. t vat v!' 1 Re
publican party was
the enemy
Republicans
for
Sound Money
man and therefore the frienu of pluto
crats. Don't you remember? (A voice,
"We remember It.") Oh. yes; the Republi
can party is your enemy; my poor boy.
The free silver part) is the only friend
you have sot. They are great friends,
ain't they? Forty-cent dollars! How
would you like to "have them. (Laughter. I I
The Republican party stands for money — i
sound money — money that's worth one \
hundred cents on the dollar, every dollar !
worth one hundred cents in the pocket of J
the poorest man as well as In the pocket j
of the richest man In the country. (Ap
plause and; cheers.) They told the boys:
"Poor fellows," they said, "the Repub
lican party is your enemy. The Republi
can partv'iis the friend <;t plutocrats. The
plutocrats own the Republican party."
Jjnn't you remember that? We got ft In
the East from all over the country.
(Laughter.) I don't know how 11 was
out West here. (Laughter.) Oh, my
friends, if there is one of you here to
night who believe? that statement let me ;
refer you to a little incident that occurred ;
shortly after the Wilson tariff bill became
a law. You remember that when that
bill passed the lower house of Congress
several Congressmen rushed to Mr. Wil
son, the author of that bill, and placed
him upon their shoulders, took him out
into the cloakroom, where they fed him
upon lemonade or something equally as i
stron?. (Laughter.) And then aon't you
remember ■: a few days thereafter there
came an invitation to Mi Wilson from
the money power of Kngland. You have
heard about the Republican party being j
the friend of Wall street and of Lombard j
street in England. The money barons of j
England sent an invitation over here, in- j
vitiiig M in. William 1.. Wilson, the author
of i the Wilson tariff bill, to come to Lon- |
don and be their guest at a great ban
quet! Do you remember that? And Billy
Wilson, like the rest of us, fond of a
square meal, went over (great laughter), j
and after he got over there, do you re
member that great banquet? Column j
after column In the great newspapers of j
this country telling about the wonderful j
banquet in honor ->t William L. Wilson in ;
London. _- j
You remember th ■-■•■ |
great barons that j
came into the great
Chamber of Com
merce of London. |
where table after
table had been laid, i
made of the finest
carved mahogany I
wood, loaded down'
with the finest silver- j
Joy o? the
Money
Barons.
ware • ware and the finest liiK-n,
!. too, with the richest viands to
be purchased In the mark'i.- ol London.
. remember, at a given signal ;
the n. na filed into that bai
h:i!l — you remember them? — row after row
of them, with pigeon-tailed coats, with
their toothpick Bhoes, you know; great i
iiarkllng In their shirt fronts,;
a so high that they had to take
them off to turn their heads around j
(laughter), little eyeglasses, most of them
with one glass In them, going one iye
on them (laughter); don't you remember?
And many (if them, their little foreheads
So low that when they cried their tears
ran down their backs. (Laughter). But
then they were very rich. Tney were!
s • • 1 1 h of a wealthy power, the money I
rd street in London. And j
at the righthand side of the presiding!
man. the toastmaster, in a. great, j
irved mahogany chair, sat little
Hilly Wilson, rattling around in it like a I
a California pumpkin.
(Great laughter.) And, then, don't you
remember, at '.'tit- head ol the table sat
the h< ad of the ' :han I ■ immerce -
som< d or son of a gun— l have ■
forgotten which— and at a given signal he
arose and he said: "Gentlemen, stand-
Ing, let us drink to the health of the!
Ho;,. William L. Wilson, the author of
the Wilson tariff law, and have a merry
time." Standing, with their cul gla
tilled with sparkling champagne and
clinking them together, they drank to the
of th( Hon. William L. Wilson, the
author of the American tariff law.
Continuing, Mr. Davis told of the
prosperity of the farmers during the
first year of McKinley's administration
and the Increased price of wheat, which i
was not due to the famine in India.
The life of Abraham Lincoln was cited
to enow that the Republican party is
not the enemy of the poor man nor the
friend of plutocrats. The fact that '
every Republican elected President had I
been a poor man was also a tolling
point.
Concluding, the speaker said:
Again, under the first |
year of McKlnley, un
der the lirs 1 . year of ■
the-Dlngley law, the
fanners of Kansas i
paid off $40,000,00(1 in
mortgages that they
had on their farms
under the Wilson bill. !
That isn't bad, is it?
The fnrmers of- South I
Farmers
Pay Off
Mortgages. i
Dakota, during the first year, paid nearly I
$50,000,000, the farmers of North Dakota
paid nearly $60,000,000, the farmers of lowa, !
the farmers of Nebraska, $40.- j
the farmer* of Missouri, $3.'j.<X)o,ooo— l
the farmers all through the Western
States and Territories at the same rate.
And yet our free silver friends want to
know what they can expect further, in '
th>o year and a half of Republican admin- j
istrntion. You need not take my word for
anything; search the records; don't take
my word fora single, solitary statement—
although 1 presume I am one of the most
truthful men that ever visited your com
munity—but you don't nt'cd to take my
word for It. All that I ask for you to flo
Is 1 to search the records, and you have
time en. mgh to do it before election, arm
see if mj statements are not absolutely
true. (Laughter and applause.)
No use of discussing free silver; that
Is dead— buried so deep two years ago
with Its face downward thai when it
scratches to come out it will go the other
way Instead of coming up this way. Hut
the great questions of the day that con
front the American people have to do
with the future. You want to wonder at
the past, my friends, and the memories
of the past a's long as you will. You may
build castles.
Why, think of It: We have got to
build, we have got to own, we have got
to control absolutely
the Nicaragua canal.
It has got to be done.
(Great applause.) And
it retflilres American
patriotism to do it,
American courage and
American unity. Why,
If w< had had that
canal in operation the
gr< al Oregon, one of
Nicaragua
Canal
Now Needed.
I
the most wonderful shirs in the world,
■ i <><" having to go 15,000 miles out
of tl)< way to get to the land where it
was needed, could have steamed through
that canal and in a. few days could Have
been on hand fvjr duty. Then we have
to biiihl our own ships of commerce
tn curry mir own produce from our farms
and our mills and factories. (Ap
plause.) Do you know, my friends, we
are to-day paying $200,000,000 a year to for
eign ship companies for carrying our
ucts? What is the matter with build
ing our own ships'.' \\Y have monej ;
we have enterprise enough; we have pa
triotism enough.
Li t us build our own ships of commerce
and then load them down with American
. ts i f the mills and factories, of the
Western mines, of the Western farms.
and then let us send them out through the
Nicaragua canal after we have it bunt.
And on they go. toward Hawaii and
in Hawaii they will find a snfety plfl
harbor of refuge for our ships of
merce as well as our ships of war, because
the old flag waves in all its glory over the
Hawaiian island?. That ilag was placed
idministration. There they
will get their coal under our own flag.
Then they will steam out again across the
and we will build a Pacific cable and
we will telegraph over there that the
ships are coming, and they will go to
Hongkong and ail that wondrous country
over there— China and Japan and then
they will start down to the islands km wn
as the Ladrones, and they will I
for the American flag waves over
the Ladrone Islands, placed there by this
administration. And then they will no
on farth'-r, and far away yonder they w.il
I banner still waving. It will
i- almost like a banner held out of
,:\ aa It waves in its beauty and
glory over the Philippine Islands, our
try.
The more you develop these Western
ssions the more you make California
it will be the dis
tributing point for all those wonderful
things in the West. (Applause.) ¥ou can-
I by the admin
istration. ■ • ■■ . Senate and
House of Representatives are not In
harmony with the administration they
will puii back all the time; they will ob
struct everything, and the result will be
th< President cannoi carry out these peat
matters as hr has them in mind, and you
will be the losers. Why, If you eve;- had
a reas rth, my friends In Califor
.■■ the Republican tl
U now. It is ihe makini
Califoi the making, bi
Is already made—but 1 should say it la a
greater making of California to develop
\Vestern possessions. Now. as a
young . ■ 'try. and every
Republican I
kewtse, 1 say that wherever!
planted by the boys j
In blue no power on earth shall take It
down md? (Great applause.)
Not one Inch of soil in any island In the |
sea that hears the stain of Mood from
the veins of an American soldier shall be
surrendered to any countrty on earth.
(An- lause. I •
To surrender tho<;e Islands would ho an
insult to the men who risked their lives
for the country and its flag. (Appla
And they are not going to he surren
. either. This administration dotes
.and? (laughter), and it has gath
ered them up from the tw<> gre.tt seas
and strung them into ,i wonderful string
is grand as any pearls or dia
monds that ever glittered upon the crown
. monarch, thrown them in their
Inveli: id the neck of fair Colum
bia, a the world to take fhem
Off. ■ - 1
;. at Porto Rico— one of the bright
.and.s of the seas and one of the
richest. The old Hag waves over thru
Island. Look at Cuba. The old flag
waves over Cuba. There are great prob
there. It remains to be seen
whether or not those people are able to
grasp them In its own government. If
• humanity
it will br necessary for this Government
to tak< Cuba; and we ar.- ready
to tar. Cuba. if there are any
ids lying around loose, we are
ready to take .are of them, too. ( Great
applause and laughter.)
I am an American. I believe in progress
and :. ■ every American
patriot does. When you talk with
folks they will tell you: "Why, the iri^a:
That, fellow Is talking about imperialism;
he ra an expansionist." 1 What did you
("/me out to California for? You were
looking for land, most of you.
A voice responds, "That is what we
were."
Why did the pilgrim come in his cov
ered wagon from Eastern States to settle
in Kansas? Looking for land, wasn't h< —
looking for land— land and liberty? We
sighed for more land, and we got the re
public of Mexico. We longed for land, and
we got the Gadsden purchase. We longed
for more land, and we got the Louisiana
purchase. We longed fur more land and
gold— and we got the wondrous Territory
of Alaska.
So, to-day— or a few
days ago the Butter
ing people iif < luba
longed for land and
liberty, and a great
nation said, "You
shall no longer Buffer
the iron heel of
tyranny," and the
jk ople of ( 'ul.a got
i a n d and libert y.
Fop Land
and
Liberty.
(Thunderous applause.) You may look
out over the sea and glance at Porto Rico
in all its beauty and majesty. The re
public of the west said, "We want more
land," and the people there wanted lib
erty—and we got Porto Rl' o.
Away out In Hawaii the people there
sighed for land and sighed for liberty,
and we got the land. (Laughter and ap
plause..i
Ten millions of people in the far away
Philippines sigh for liberty. We will give,
them liberty and we will take the land.
(Applause.) Land and liberty. This war
.started out the most wonderful In the
world; a war by a nation to prevent an
other nation from starving women and
children, from murdering men; and an in
human empire, an Inhuman nation, not
satisfied with the awful crimes they have.
committed along through the centuries,
undertook to commit more.
They Interfered, and the result is it cost
US millions of dollars a (lav, rust us tears
in many a home throughout this coun
trr: cost deaths of brave Amtrican hol
diersj and 1 say the nation that caused
that suffering, tho nation that • i
thai war— l say that the nation that sunk
nearly three hundred souls— brave Ameri
can boys— while wrapped in the mantle
of sleep, down to watery graves— I say
when a nation hap caused all this sorrow,
all this suffering and all thlß expense It
must pay the debt (Great applause.)
We should take every island she has got
in all the seas, and th-n !f she is not sat
isfied turn the guns of America loaded to
the muzzle upon the heart of Spain her
self and let tier crumbling ruins testify
to the valor and chivalry of the sons of
the land of liberty. (Applause.)
You cannot accomplish these things ex
cept by Standing by this administration.
You have it for two years and a half
more. You cannot change it. The only
thing you can do is to strengthen and up
hold its hands, support ii and gel all
the good you can out n f it. and then, at
the end of two years and a half, if you
are not satisfied you have a xplrndid
to change it. but let us get all
the good we can oui of it. Let us Bee
wh.n there Is in these great questions
across the sea. Let u^ sec what there is
in these new countries that need develop
ing; let up solve the problems we have
started to solve; let us tinlsh the work
that we have begun, and then if It is not
satisfactory we have got a chance to
change it. But,, as it Is now, support It.
It is yours i and it has made a marvelous
record. Think of what it did in 113 days.
Nothing like It in the world's history—
nothing like the war with Spain, in its
marvelous results, in so short a space
of time.
Let us do our duty by the administra
tion—do our duty like freemen. Do your
duty for your State nnd for your nation.
The boys from the Xorth went to the
front to the war with Spain with the mu
sic of their fathers upon their lips;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1898.
PEOPLE OF
SHUSH GREET
HENRY T. GAGE
Monster Demonstra
tion at Redding.
VOTERS OUT IN THE RAIN
TWO THOUSAND PEOPLE WEL
COME THE NEXT GOVERNOR.
Hoodlum Tactics of the Youth of
Willows Probably Prompted by
Disgruntled Fusion
ists.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Oct. 22.— Henry T. Gage,
the Republican standard-bearer, was
joined at Woodland this forenoon by
General W. H. L. Barnes. As the train
moved away from the Woodland depot
the cheers of confident Republicans sa
luted the nominee and hie eloquent
companion.
During the tour of the Republican
standard-bearer In Southern California,
In the San Joaquin Valley and in the
mountains, not one unseemly disturb
ance occurred to embarrass the candi
date or reflect discredit on the com
munity. It was reserved for the town
of Willows, in the Sacramento Valley,
to offer the first impediment to free
speech and hurl the first insulting
epithets at the nominee of the Repub
lican party. When the train stooped at
Willows, where the passengers are al
lowed twenty minutes for dinner, a
crowd of noisy boys, Borne of the
youngsters full grown, began yelling
for Maguire. A band that had been en
gaged by the Republicans of Willows
could hardly be heard above the noise
of the hooting for Maguire.
Mr. Gage, according to his appoint
ment to meet his fellow citizens of
Willows at the depot, alighted from the
car at the request of the chairman of
the reception committee. He said a few
words announcing that he would make
no speech at that time, but at some fu
ture time would take pleasure in ad
dressing the people there.
The noise of interruption was so great
that what Mr. Gage did say could not
be heard ten feet from where he stood.
Perceiving that the rowdy element of
the town could not be restrained by
the local committee he returned to the
car and sat down. The noisy young
sters swarmed on the platform at either
end of the coach and continued to yell
and use Insulting language. Some
stones were thrown at the open window
where Mr. Gage sat. He closed the
window, remaining in his seat until the
train moved away.
In the noisy crowd was J. Aubrey
Jones, fusion candidate for Congress in
the Third District. He did not seek to
quell the tumult and knowing that the
reception was arranged by the Repub
licans mounted a baggage truck and
harangued the hoodlums. His partici
pation in the disgraceful scene was
witnessed by hundreds of people. He
did not utter a word of protest, but on
the contrary sought to ridicule Mr.
Gage.
The voters of the Third Congressional
District do not know much about the
man who is running for Congress in
opposition to Mr. Metcalf, but this in
cident at Willows will serve to convince
them that his election would bring dis
grace on the fair name of the State.
The opinion is now expressed that
Hutchison, the fusion nominee for Lieu
tenant Governor, who started from San
Francisco yesterday bound for Santa
Rosa and found his way to Woodland,
was not lost.
If he had a design to rally a disturb
ing element at Woodland to Interfere
with the Republican demonstration it
was not carried out. There is not the
slightest doubt that the disgraceful ex
hibition at Willows was planned by fu
sion sympathizers. The boys did not
assemble In such crowds and shout for
Maguire without prompting from their
elders. The leaders of the clan Ma
guire, seeing that defeat stares them in
the face, have resolved to Introduce
new tactics to suppress free speech.
Other disturbances may follow as the
result of the suggestion from the fu
sion leaders.
The people of Redding. Red Bluff,
Shasta, Cottonwood and Anderson, who
heard to-night of the disgraceful scene
at Willows, express regret and indig
nation. All agree that Mr. Gage pur
sued a manly and dignified course un
der circumstances of great provocation.
The cause of Maguire and single tax
will not be advanced by such demon
strations as that which occurred In
Willows to-day.
All along the line above Willows the
Republican standard-bearer received
magnificent receptions. At Red Bluff,
where he will speak' next Monday even
ing, a large crowd at the depot cheered
for the next Governor of California. A
band discoursed music while Mr. Gage
grasped the hands of many who came
forward to greet him. At Cottonwood
there was another ovation' and more
music, to enliven the occasion.
At Anderson, ■ the banner. Republican
town of Shasta County, an anvil salute
was fired while the throng gave cheers.
The standard-bearer and General
Barnes were met on the train by the
following committee of Shasta County
Republicans: A. F. Ross, chairman
County Central Committee; C. C. Bush
Jr., Carl R. Brigs*. F. P. Primm, W. D.
Tillotson, Charles Garter, Frank W.
Smith, Ed M. Swasey, James T. Laird.
Marion Griffin, Captain Longley, H. A.
Goff, 4 E. G. Carter, J. H. Campbell.
Great enthusiasm was manifested
when the next Governor of California
arrived at Redding. Cannon boomed,
the bands played and people cheered.
Mr. Gage and General Barnes were at
once escorted to the Depot Hotel. Mr.
Gage shook hands with many of the
citizens who called to see him. = ; .
Rain began to fall at 7 o'clock and
continued throughout the evening, but
it did not dampen the ardor of the
dauntless Republicans of Shasta Coun
ty. Delegations arriving from Shasta,
Keswick, Anderson, Cottonwood and
other towns of Shasta County Increased
the enthusiasm. The miners, ' farmers
and others of the industrial walks of
life recognized In the Republican stand
ard-bearer a modest and unassuming
man of the plain people. Every one
that met him formed a good Impression
Of the. Republican leader. v 1v 1 ,' ; ,
Before 8 o'clock, despite the rain,
2000 people had assembled at Armory
Hall. The interior decoration of the
hall enlisted the admiration of the au
dience. Bonfires, rockets and giant
powder salutes announced the meeting.
At the time appointed the speakers
were escorted to the Armory Hall.
The vast assemblage was called to
order by A. F. Ross, chairman of the
County Committee. The honor of pre
siding was conferred upon Jamas T.
Laird, Republican nominee for State
Senator. Campaign songe were sung
by the Manhattan Quartet of Redding.
The following vice presidents were
named: Edward Sweeny, John Hoff,
M. T. Hill, J. R. McDonald, Carl R.
Briggs. A. F. Ross, C. C. Bush Jr., G.
F. Schuler, A. W. Baker, Frank Panter,
J. W. Parmelee, J. N. Llmbaugh, M. R.
Cox, Henry Abbott, Dan Zumwalt. E.
H. Longley, A. Moody, B. J. Baker, W.
E. Ferguson, E. E. Rawlings and C. J.
Litsch.
Mr. Gage received a great and pro
j longed greeting from the people as-
I eembled. He accepted the ovation as a
i declaration of adherence to the cause
of the Republican party. He proceeded
without delay to the discussion of the
i single tax question and Maguire's weak
I position in regard to the railroad settle
j ment. The line of argument presented
j in his speech at Sacramento was fol
1 lowed in his address here. In speaking
', of Maguire's non-American attitude in
i Congress he said:
Now, fellow citizens, Mr. Magulre has a
; war record. It is such as a Spaniard
, would have been proud of had he oc
cupied Mr. Maguire's seat in the House.
He has complained of some words of
; mine, delivered In an address in Los An
! geles, wherein 1 said that Mr. Maguire
hud voted in a direction opposite to that
from which American bullet- were dying.
and called upun me to show where and
when and how that was.
1 will give it to him: He did not vote
i for House bill No. 10,550, intended to en
i able the volunteer soldiers, during the
recent war with Spain, to vote- at Con
gressional elections. When this matter
came up for action before the House of
Representatives, Mr. Maguire, who had
theretofore expressed himself a.s hostile
to the bill, answered present and refused
to vote for the measure.
Lest tin- honorable Congressman should
forget this matter, I call his attention
to the Congressional Record, June 10,
1888, pages ttf!<u and 6301.
Hut through the patriotism of the Re
publicans in the House of Representa
i lives, who believed that the volunteers
. who go forth to battle for their country
1 should not be disfranchised, the bill
passed the House of Representatives.
And you will observe that his action in
j this regard is in line with the infamous
proi ceding brought in Los Angeles Coun
j ty. to disfranchise the brave and gallant
I old .soldiers who participated in the war
| of the rebellion, and who are now resi
j dents of the Soldiers' Home in Los An
' gele.s County.
Mr. Magulre and his party have made
] the war revenue bill an issue; a measure
passed by Republican patriotism through
the Senate and House of Representatives,
and approved by our loyal American
President. This measure was one of the
I necessities of the hour. Mr. Maguire
j voted against the war revenue bill.
Now, is not this voting against the in
: terc-Ft of his country? Can a Spaniard be
i found who would not applaud Mr. Ma
guire'a vote against this bill, a bill which,
; if passed, would enable the Government
! to arm and equip fur war our soldiers and
I sailors?
Jf our loyal citizens, rich and poor, have
i not complained of the harsh necessities
; of the hour, why should the unpatriotic
leaders of the Democracy attempt to
make this Issue?
My distinguished opponent opposed the
i Issuance of bonds to carry on the war In
i this: Hi- insisted that [he bonds issued
by the Government should not be Inter
1 est bearing, thereby preventing their sale
! to the peop c.
Lest Mr. Maguire should deny the truth
; of this statement, i refer to his support
• of Mr. Bland s amendment, reported in
1 Vol. 11. No. LO4, Congressional Record.
; April 29, 1888, where • n page 4-4-1 of the
Record Mr. Maguire says:
"Mr. Chairman, I desire to say, pimply
I on the point of order, that the proposition
embodied by the committee In the pend
' ing bill is to issue Interest-bearing bonds,
and, that being true, certainly a proposi
tion to Ifpuc non-interest bearing obliga
tions for the same purpose as that con-
I templated by the bill would be In order
as a substitute. It simply eliminates the
! Interest-bearing proposition."
Now. Mr. Maguire knew as a lawyer
and a business man thai tne lssuai
such bonds would render them unsalable.
Ho knew that if the bondt were at all to
' be bought by th» people they would
be purchased only at a discount com
mensurate depending upon times of pay
ment.
Knowing this, was his action not op
posed to the expenditure of money for
Government u.«es in the war against
I Spain? Was he not then voting in a di
rection opposite to that from which
American EraUeta were Mying?
The (ioverrwnent cannot force the com
mercial world to accept its non-interest
bearing paper obligations for the products
; of labor. Laborers cannot pay their
debts with lndei'.nite, non-negotiable
promises to pay. and no Government flat
would keep such a paper at par In the
1 commercial world.
The Government, therefore, must raise
i revenue both by taxation and
bonds, and the non-issuance of bonds to
meet the onerous war expenditure would
more than doubled the taxation
u','"n tiie present generation.
Mr. Maguire, as an intelligent man,
knew this, yet disregarded the fact, and
trusting to deceive, perhaps, the people
of California as to the real aspect of the
question, and. if possible, to make his
party stand stronger, appealed to the
try by voting with his party against
the war revenue bill, on the flimsy plea
that the burden of taxation fell upon the
! poor; yet the very money to be rai*
this bill was m be paid by the people at
: large, to provide clothing and medicines
for the gallant soldier.
Again 1 iisk. v.;is not this voting in a
. direction opposite to that from which
American bullets were Hying?
On the single tax subject Mr. Gage
: spoke without special reference to its
application to miners. The audience
; listened with profound attention to the
i logical and masterly fervor of the dan
! gerous scheme. The points made by the
speaker were frequently applauded.
The introduction of General W. L.
Barnes was the signal for another pro
longed scene of enthusiasm. The Plo
: quent orator has a host of admirers
' in Redding and many of these recalled
his former campaign Fpeeches In this
! place. His voice was slightly impaired,
! but he spuko for two hours and fasci
i nated his hearers by his superb oratory.
I The flight of eloquence embraced in his
• "slxteen-to-one" proposition evoked
■ tremendous applause from the vast as
semblage. He appealed to the patriot
| ism of Silver Republicans, urging them
; to return to the grand old party and
! send a message of confidence to Presl
i dent McKlnley. He demonstrated to
! the Populists that their party was be
trayed in fusion and convinced many
I Democrats of the old school that Ma
j gulre was not a Thomas Jefferson.
The great meeting adjourned with
mighty cheers for Gage and Neff and
enthusiastic applause for General
Harries.
The Republicans of Shasta are greatly
elated over the success of the great
demonstration in Redding to-night. It
! 1b the talk here that many Populists are
| disgusted with fusion and will not sup
port Magulre.
LIVELY NIGHT IN GILKOY.
Bepublicans Hold a Rousing Cam
paign Meeting.
GTLROY, Oct. 22.— The most enthusias
tic political meeting of the campaign took
place here to-night under the auspices of
the Republican county candidates. The
town was Illuminated With bonfires and
the Gilroy and Madrone bands made lively
music. A delegation of fifty voters from
Morgan Hill nnd Madrone accompanied
the latter band. The streets were
thronged, and at Music Hall, where the
speaking was held, standing room w:is
ut a premium. George T. Dunlap open, d
the meeting. Mayor H. R. Chefbro in
troduced the different candidates In a
happy manner. The principal sneakers
were Judge Black, ff. D. Van Schaick,
Ahsi mblvman Arnerich and District At
torney llerrlngton. All of the candidates
received an ovation. The glee ••lub from
San Jose furnished vocal selections.
Suicide at King City.
SAUNAS. Oct. 22.— Information has
reached here that Peter Sogno, aged 39, a
native of Italy, committed suicide this
evening in his saloon at King City by
blowing the top of his head off with a
gun loaded with buckshot. Deceased nad
been despondent over losses In business
for several weeks past, which Is sup
posed to hnvo been the cause for 1 he act.
He leaves a wife, but no children.
Democrats of Central Solano Rally.
BUISUN, Oct. 22.— Democrats 'n the
central part of Solano County held a
rally this evening at Elmira. The meet
ing was addressed by Re-el R. Terry.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
>r without removal. J. Noonan, 1017*1023 Mies ton.
AUSTRIANS AND
SLAVS GIVE
INDORSEMENT
Kahn and Patton at
Apollo Hall.
WERE TENDERED AN OVATION
TWO HOURS OF POLITICS AND
WILD APPLAUSE.
The Austrian-Slavonian Club Meets
to Batify the State Repub
lican Nomina
tions.
The first big rally of the Austrian-
Slavonian Republican Club at Apollo
Hall last evening was a rousing Republi
can demonstration. Although president
M. Sabadin called the meeting for the
purpose of indorsing the State ticket, it
resolved itself into an ovation to both
city and State nominees.
Shortly after 8 o'clock the Austrian mili
tary band announced the arrival of Hon
orable Julius Kahn and those of his fol
lowing, who had just finished addressing
a meeting at Scottish Hall. To the strains
of a "Hot Time," they worked their way
to the stage, through an excited crowd of
Austrian and Slavonic voters, all fighting
for B hand-shake and the privilege of ex
tending the club's welcome.
Mr. Kahn was first to address the audi
ence. He excused the hoarseness of his
voice with a reference to other speeches
and paid:
"I maintain, my friends, that as citizens
of the State of California it is our duty
to stand by tho administration of Wil
liam McKlnley. He has demonstrated to
us that he is the right man in the right
place, and he has demonstrated to the
nations of the world that he stands out
resplendent among such men as Wash
ton, Lincoln and Garfield.
" 'Old Abe" once said it was a danger
ous thing to swap horses in the middle
of the stream, and I want to say that
if we want to hold up Mr. McKinley's
hands and see him through to the end
of his plans we must elect a Republican
Congress. This is of vital importance
to the State of California particularly, for
the war has won us the Philippines.
"Statistics s!ww that we bought of the
Philippines last year $4,000,000 worth of
goods, while they bought of us only $400,
000 worth. We propose to change this
balance in our favor.
"We want our factories to be turning
out. goods that will be sent over the Beaa
in American vessels manned by American
sailors. We want a PostofHce commwisur
ate With our position and dignity. The
or four million dollars mat it would
cost would give hundreds of men work.
And this money they would in turn (
among the butchers, the gTocerymen and
tho milkmen. And to get these things we
must elect a Congress in touch with the
lent.
"We want a navy second, to none in the
world. The t^ympta at Manila and the
Oregon at Bantiago showed to the world
that California tan build the ships to
flight with and furnish the men to fight
them.
"We want also money to dredge our
harbors and our rivers— the great San
Joaquin and the Sacramento- -and to get
these things we mufti elect a Congress in
sympathy with the President.
""\..\v 1 want to say a word or so about
the men on the State ticket. They are
thi peers of any men who lia-ve ever run
for offloe <Hir Democratic friends have
tried to hold up the railroad as the one
[ssfte In this campaign, and 1 want to
Bay that never through any action or
any vote of mine have I proved myself a
hireling of the railroad; and I defy any
Loud calls for John D. Siebe brought
that gentleman to his feet In Mr. Kahn'e
"My friends," said he, "this has always
been"my Bection. For thirty years 1 have
lived here and these people have been my
friends. What I have done in my office
in the pa.st eight years I have done hon
estly and conscientiously and I pledge
myself to do so if 1 am re-elected.
John B. Carson followed Mr. Siebe. It
was his first appearance in public during
the campaign. It was. fie sajd, simply
for the purpose of introducing himself, as
judicial etiquette prevented him dealing
with the issues of the campaign. He
asked his hearers to vote solidly for the
State ticket; to tell President McKlnley
thai California approved of what he has
done in the past eventful year.
A. B. Treadwell followed Mr. Carson.
It was a renewal of old acquaintance
with Mr. Treadwell. He was among the
friends of his boyhood, and from the
stage on which he stood he has spoken
over four-score times.
Said Mr. Treadwell: "You are the ,lury
that is to decide my case on the Bth of
November, and in your hands I am will
ing to trust my future. You, my friends,
though many of you were not born under
the American ilng, are as much and as
good American citizens as any one can
be, and you are worthy of just as much
consideration at the hands of the Re
publican party, or any other party, as
any voter who poos to the polls.
"When a man is elected to public office
he becomes a servant of the people— the
servant of every one of you. But I have
noticed that most men get exalted nnd
forget their duty to their masters, but I
pledge you, mv friends, that if I am
elected 1 will defend every right that
needs assistance against every wrong
that needs resistance, and I will do the
good I can to the end of my time/"
Mr. Treadwell gave way to W. H.
Phelps who Is out for the Supervisor's
chair in the Fifth Ward. Mr. Phelps is
another old resident of the district, and
his speech was a simple pledge of fealty
to his home interests.
Asa Wells' speech was cut short by
the arrival of Mr. Patton. Cheer after
cheer rang through the hall, and the
Mayor to be was escorted to the stage by
nearly all the audience.
"The hour is getting late," said Mr.
Patton, "but I want to say that the Re
publican platform in the best one for the
interests of this city, this State and the
people. Our platform has a clause in it
which says that in every contract there
shall be a clause which provides for eight
hours of work per day and $2 per day
for it. Two dollars is little enough, I
know, for a laboring man to bring up
his children and enjoy the privileges that
every man is heir to.
"Now, the speakers of the opposition
and the papers of the opposition are
saying the Republican nominees nre
dominated by bosses and the Southern
Pacific Company, but I do not believe
one man on the ticket is under any such
influence. For myself I shall say that if
1 am elected I will prove to you that I
am under the influence of no boss, of
no corporation- and the Southern Pacific
Company among them."
Mr. P'atton had "another meeting," and
he was succeeded by I. J. Truman and
Hon. D. J. Murphy, who made short
speeches.
The club will hold another big meeting
next week, at which It will Indorse the
full local ticket.
AN ALAMEDA OVATION.
Republican Nominees Address a Big
and Enthusiastic Audience
at Armory Hall.
The citizens of Alameda tendered a
royal reception last evening to the candi
dates on the Republican county ticket.
Despite the fact that the rain was coming
down In torrents, Armory Hall was (Hied.
Oscar Rogers, candidate for Sheriff; J.
B. Barber, nominee for Tax Collector; E.
K. Taylor, aspirant for State Senator,
and J. R. Knowland, candidate for the i
Assembly, all of whom are residents of
Alameda, were given an ovation.
Dr. T. P. Tisdale, president of the
Young Men's Republican Club, caHed the
meeting to order, stating that nothing
but a Republican meeting would bring out
such a crowd of good-looking men and
women In a rainy night. "We also have
a good-looking crowd of candidates here."
he said, "and they are clean, honest men
from start to finish."
Superior Judge John Ellsworth acted as
chairman of the evening. Hon. J. L.
Geary Jr. of Contra Costa County was
the principal speaker. He made an ad
dress of some length, attacking the free
trade and free silver policy of the Demo
cratic party. During his speech, when he
mentioned the name of President Mc-
Klnley. the audience arose and cheered
enthusiastically.
The Young Men's Republican Club quar
tet of Oakland made a hit by singing a
parody on the "Wabash."
All the county candidates spoke. Frank
Jordan stated that he had come to this
city in IS7B, the same time as his opponent,
T. C. Stoddard; that he had left ten years
iater, but took one of Alameda's fairest
(laughters with him as a wife, also two
native daughters and a pair of native
sons. "Now. my friend Stoddard still
lives here." said Jordan, "but he remains
a bachelor, and I challenge him to com
pare his record in this respect with mine."
The audience wildly cheered Jordan's ac
complishments and the meeting closed.
A ROUSING RALLY
OF REPUBLICANS
SCOTTISH HALL CROWDED TO
THE DOORS.
Candidates Deliver Telling Addresses
to the Electors in the Thirty-
Ninth District.
The Republicans of the Thirty-ninth As
sembly District held a rousing meeting in
Ish Hall last night. The meeting
was presided over by Judge Daley, who
delivered a brief introductory ' address
referring to the issues of the campaign
and the personnel of the Republican
ticket.
W. A. Deane. candidate for County
Clerk, was first introduced, and he met
with a rousing reception. Ilia address
was brief but to the point.
Charles Curry, candidate for Secretary
of State, was also enthusiastically re
celved. He sarcastically referred to Judge
Maguire as a politician with numerous
nominations, and urged every Republican
to vote for Julius Kahn for Congress, as
he was in every respect an honest man.
Referring to James H. Harry, Kahn's op
ponent, he likened him to a centipede
witli a hundred legs and a sting in each
leg. He charged Mayor Phelan with
bituminizing streets with the object of
raising the rents of his tenants, and he
further charged him with conspiring to
reduce the pay of the city lamp lighters
and City Hall Janitors.
Hon. W. P. Fitzgerald, candidate for
City and County Attorney, delivered a
stirring address. He spoke eulogistically
of the platform of the party and the ne
cessity of public utilities being taken out
of the hands Of corporations. If elected,
and he honestly believed he would be, he
would see that no contract was entered
Into except it provided for • -.trlu hours a
day for American labor and for California
material.
While Judge Fitzgerald was speaking,
Charles L. I'atton entered the hall, and
met with an ovation. He was called upon
to speak after the Judge had
and on rising the cheers that greeted him
were deafening. It was several minutes
before he was allowed to proceed. He
f=;tid it was flattering to Be r< etv< i with
so much enthusiasm by so large a '<■
his fellow-citizens. He fully realized the
great responsibilities of tho Mayor of tins
large city, and the citizens were therefore
entitled to know his opinions on all pub
lic Questions. The platform was fair and
free and fully In favor of the laboring
man, and the "entire party, including him
self, was pledge* irt it. Referring
to the new charter, he said that as a
majority had voted for it» if elected ne
would see that the Legislature confirmed
it. Then the citizens would have the
ownership of the public utilities, which
was a consummation much to be desired.
Th< Be should be run for the benefit of the
citizens and not for the corporations.
I'ntil that could be done, he would see
that ihe corporations were restricted to
5 per cent profit. Two dollars a day and
eiglit hours for the laboring man met with
his cordial approval, and. he would see
that it wan carried into effect. He would
ply to newspaper attacks upon him,
but if any man or newspaper declared
that he was tied to the wrings of any
corporation or boss he or it iied. He
made no pledges except those made in
public. In conclusion, ho said that if
d— and he had no doubt of it— he
would give the citizens a good, fair and
square business administration.
Attorney H. L, Morgenstern delivered
a scathing attack upon Mayor Phelan. He
asserted that no reputable newspaper was
supporting him. The Examiner was cer
tainly not a reputable newspaper, and the
Bulletin had accepted money from him
to support him in his candidature two
years ago, and was not, therefore, a rep
utable newspaper. Tho Bulletin, he said,
was again supporting him.
Briet' si>> eches were also delivered by
the following candidates: I. J. Truman,
ksa X Wells. Police Judge Joachimsen,
II N ('lenient Leon Jones, J. B. Carson,
Julius Kahn. Thomas F. Dunne Dr.
Hawkins ana Henry S. Martin, also by
D. E. McKinlay.
The Latest Soy Orator.
OAKLAND, Oct. 22.— Secretary Riley of
the Republican County Central Commit
tee to-day received the following self-ex
planatory letter from presumably the lat
eat boy oratory Qotober 21> IS9g
Oakland Republican Co. Committee
Dear Sir: 1 would like to go to Oakland
and make one or to speeches i have made
3 In the city in the last two weeks 1 will
Bee 9 next July you have herd of. me i
no i was engaged" By the State Commit
tee You Can find out by them i would
like to go next Satday night if you Want
me let me no By Return mail
Yourse Kesp^^ rqdey
Sauselito, Marin Co., Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SGPofula
In the Blood
Scrofula lurks in the blood of almost
every one, , and, unless its poisonous
taints are thoroughly expelled from the
system it is liable to break out at any
time in sores, eruptions, hip disease or
some other painful form. Hood's Sarsa-
parilla cures scrofula, promptly and
permanently. Take It ncrw. '.'\
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. $1; six for $5.
Hood's Pills cure sick headache. 25 cents.
NO PfllNl NO F»/*iN!
.^SSfok. Lowest Prices In the Oitjf
ffegS^^^*^. GUARANTEED.
%MR « TEETH WITHOUT
•j?*4 *Js& #SB plates a specialty.
•SP lsw» I9t Full Set of Teeth, ex-
,W ~^2 VI tracthiK free..9-*.OO up
, \"i /SfSPwt Gold Crowns, 22k....j...
' fe^^^BlPW^^ Fillings use up
®^JM^ ELECTRO-DENTAL
Office Hre.-8 a.m. to 10 p.m.; Sun.. » to 2 p.m.
Use / ca?^ an(^
Facial Soap 2T^ Facial Cream.
Acne, Pimples, Comedones or Flesh Worms
permanently cured by JOHN H. WOODBURY.
127 "W 42d St.. New York. 163 State st., Chicago.
Inventor of WooUbury'n Facial Soap and Facial
Cream.
s^Mj^^ WHEN YOU
/^^l^fe^^^ Require- an ELEC-
BELT get '-Dr.
j^tosWsj?j^ Pierces" and you will
'^^r£r*t^' not be disappointed.
Call or address PIERCE
■ . n . ELECTRIC CO., 6540
I Market st. (opp. Palace Hotel), 8. F. ** :"
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iipr
SPECIAL FOR 10 DAYS.
2000 yards "7Cp \
Double Extra Tapestry..! JU per yard
Regular price 90c. j
1000 yards Oi flfi
■ Axminster . . 00 1 1 U U per yard
Regular price $1.25. f
Sewed and laid.
. "" i .Tv |
AMERICAN
LINOLEUM
A SPECIALTY.
SCHLUETER & VOLBERG, |
709 MARKET STREET, \
Nest to Call Building.
DEMOCRATIC
DISTRICT MEETINGS.
MAYOR PHELAN,
FRANKLIN K. LANE,
BARCLAY HENLEY
AND OTHER PROMINENT SPEAKERS
WILL ADDRESS THK VOTERS ON TUB
ISSUES OF THE DAY ON
MONDAY, OCTOBER 24,
, AT
Thirtieth, Greggaln's Hall, Sixth and Fol«
Forty-second. Turn Verein Hall, SlO O'Far-
rell.
Thirty-third, Twenty-second and Michigan.
Under the auspices of the Democratic City and
County Committee.
M JASPER MCDONALD. CHalnnan.
THOMAS .T. WALSH. Secretary.
FOR
MAYOR:
JAMES D, PHELAN,
REGULAR
DEMOCRATIC
AND
NON-PARTISAN
NOMINEE.
FOR.
PUBLIC.
ADMINISTRATOR,
A. C. FREESE
INDEPENDENT
NOMINEE. .
FOR. . .
SHERIFF,
T. F. BONNET,
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND NON-
PARTISAN NOMINEE.
FOR ASSESSOR,
JOHN D. SIEBE
(PRESENT INCUMBENT).
KErTTBIjICAN. NON-PARTISAN AND POP-
ULIST NOMINEE. -
T3T 1^ for .
H E&l f COUNTY CLERK,
YY M. A. DEANE,
COUNTY CLBRK,
M. A. DEANE,
f I REGULAR
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
FOR RAILROAD COMMISSIONER. . . -
CHAS.S.LAUMEISTER
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE. .
VOTE FOR. . .
DR. C. C. O'DONNBLL
.:<% FOR CORONER
AND THE DEAD "WILL BE RESPECTED.
SSiK'-BHOBES BOEDBN
(INCUMBENT.)
DEMOCRATIC, NON-PARTISAN AND PEO-
PLE'S PARTY NOMINEE.
DR. ED.E.HILL
For CORONER.
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND PEOPLE'S
PARTY . NOMINEE. :
FOR AUDITOR. . .
JOHNH. GR/\DY
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC a:,'d people' 3
PARTY NOMINEE. . -. ■■'
PCltleliMter's English Diamond Brand. *;•-
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-^jT^v • Original and Only Genuine. A.
&!lJ^i ••fc. »lw»ji r«lUbls. laoics aik
' A^lJ*.*^ Druggist for HhUhtstm JSnolish r>ia-Jsi\\
m*%ji^MfC\m,,n'i Brand iv Bed and Hold met»UioV\Jr
T^ —^AfiJßbowj. «eai«d with blue ribbon Take VS;
7*l *^4 Svjno other. ReJ\ia* dangerous >u!>jti.'u- v
I / ~ iff tions and imitations. At Druggiata, or«cn4 4«.
I *•» Jfl in rtamps for partloul»r«. tcitimoaUls »nd
\ V B "Belief for I,«dU»," in Utter, by tarn
-\. If Hell. 10.000 Trstlmoni&li. Ifmme Paper.
. vv — -"iCIhl-tinttT Chemical Co.,Miid!«o«
•■l4 by all Loral Druggist*. PHII.\»A.. VAi
J^^StE^^X^nM ™ 3 ft 1 " % non-polionotn
<<^MW p '*^dl ** me <*y for Gonorrhoea,
ißycl'llE^lß £!<**> Spermatorrhoea!
jnfln 1 tos,i»j».^M whites, unnatural ilis-
rOßW Oa»r»nt««l « cliargPH, or any Infiammiv-
I*l no» to »trletare. tlon, irritation or ulcera-
J^^PrtTents conugion. tion of 'iniicoui mem-
fTi»^TH£EvAN3 CtUMICU Co. branos. on -astringent.
wA. CINCINNATI, Q HBB Sold by Urn»ariM».
loU^ p. a. A jWf or s^ut in plain wrapper,
<^^S^S^^ b y expreas. prepaid, (of
%%t^^Mm*5 i m i»-00,.0r 3 bottlea. 5p.75.
v v* r % v^ ■ Circular »?at ua rt«UMt»COLLEGIANS
SPEAK FOR
DEMOCRACY
Discuss Issues of the
Campaign.
FLIGHT OF STUDENT ORATORY
CARDINAL AND BLUE AND GOLD
INTERMINGLED.
Maguire and Bryan the Names With
W^hich the Speakers From the
Two Great Universities
Conjured.
The students of the two grreat universi
ties of this Stale held a Joint mass meet
ing last night in Metropolitan Hall at
which their brightest orators discussed
campaign issues from the Democratic
; of \ lew.
The gathering was under the auspices
of the Maguire Club, University of Cali
fornia, and of the Stanford Maguire Club,
Iceland Stanford Jr. University. Each
institution was represented by three men,
the Palo Alto speakers being Carl Hay
den. Anthony H. Suzzallo and James T.
Ferguson. Those from across the bay
were Charles C. Boynton, Jesse V. Men
denhali and Houtwell inlap. The col
leges were, to all appearances, more
strongly represented on the stage than in
the auditorium Not once throughout the
evening was tho -known yell of either
college heard, although applause was fre
quent.
Jan P. Phelan opened the meeting
with a short address of welcome to stu
dents and auditors alike. He was greeted
warmly upon making his appearance, the
applause being redoubled when he stepped
to the speakers' stand. He said it was his
pleasure to appear at the meeting to wel
come the young men from the colleges
who wore about to discuss the great and
burning issues of the day. He regretted
his inability to remain throughout the
evening, but added pathetically, "1 have
troubles of my own, and cannot remain
to hear the orators from the colleges
He said It was one of the most hopeful
signs of tho times that tne young men
are coming forward and that they arrive
at sound conclusions before giving expres
sion to their views.
He suggested that it might seem an
anomaly that young men, fresh from their
studies, were "coming forward to discuss
vital issues. They were not terrorized by
their surroundings, however, and are not
afraid to give offense. They are full of
truth, and dare to give utterance to it.
He eulogized Maguire, who, he said, wag
once his teacher. He told of his fifteen
years of public life and said as Chief
Executive of the State he would give good
results. He warned his hearers not to
lose sight of the gr^at issue, which, he said.
was. Shall the people or the bosses gov
ern. The latter, he said, should go out
like "honest" highwaymen and take their
chances, but. not use the form of law to
oppress the people. Let them stay where
they belong, as Hants for favors and
not" as masters of the people.
At. the conclusion or Mayor Phelan's
address Clinton E. Miller. University of
California, called the meeting to order.
7n a few words he Introduced Solomon P.
Elias. Lei and Stanford Jr. University, as
the presiding officer of the evening. For
a time it seemed hp had misunderstood
his duties and would consume the entire
evening with his own address.
He told of the joint college meeting of
two years ago called to advance the in
terests of W. J. Bryan's campaign for
the Presidency. He told of him now
hedged about by military law and thus
■unaole to speak for th-^ cause he loved so
well; He predicted Bryan's election two
years hence.
ton was the next
c I Republican orators
campaign capi
• v. ur. He discussed
.1 proved to hi.« own
rth of Democracy.
I a glowing tribute
■ m • . h university who
lies at their coun
■ ■ •• front. He said
rhen cast aside, and
iblicans nor Demo
.•■ ns. He then ln
:.. who was one of
■
Mr. Huyden held the supreme issue of
thf- rampaisn to be the relation of the
Southern Pacific toward Califonla.
Boutwell Dunlap mail 1 a Fhort address,
and was followed by Anthony H. Suz
zallo. Thf latter made the hit of the
evening. Ho had polttirs at his fingers'
ends, and proved an orator of great
promise. He. was Introduced as the op
ponent of ihe. most famous gang known
in the United States that was dominated
by Bofs Rea of San Jose.
The remaining speakers were Mr. Men
denhnll and Mr. Ferguson. The commit
tee in charge of the meeting was made
up of George D. Leslie. F. H. Simpson
and [rvln J. Muma (University of Cali
fornia), and Ralph E. Fil^her, James A.
Bentley and Claude B. GUlesple (Stanford
University).
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO CURE NERVOUS DYSPEPSIA.
To Gain Flesh, to Sleep Well, to
Know What Appetite and Good
Digestion Mean. Make a
Test of Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets.
Interesting: Experience of an Indi-
anapolis Gentleman.
No trouble is more common or more
misunderstood than nervous dyspepsia.
•■ having it think that their nerves
ame, are surprised that they
not cured by nerve medicines and
es; the real seat of mis-
. rit of; the stomach is the
origin to be looked after.
Nervous dysneotics often do not have
any pain whatever in the stomach, nor
:ps any of the u:-;ual symptoms of
ach weakness, Nervous dyspep-
If riot in the stomach so
. as in nearly every other organ;
the heart palpitates and
is ir: others the kidneys are
In others the bowels are con-
stipated, with headache; still othr-rs
troubled with loss of flesh and ap-
petite, with the accumulation of gas,
risings and heartburn.
Mr. A. W. Sharper of No. 61 Pros-
• street, Indianapolis, Ind., writes
Hows: "A motive of pure grati-
prompts me to write these few
rdtng. the new and valuable
Ine, Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
1 have been a sufferer from nervous
epsia for the last four years; have
various p.itent medicines and
without any favorable
sometimes gave tempor-
ary r. lief until the effects of the medi-
off. I attributed this to my
habits, being a. bookkeeper
with little physical exercise, but I am
glfxi to state that the tablets have ov-
ercome all these obstacles, for I have
gained In flesh, sleep better, and am
h ° xu ] ■■■ way. The above is
written not f oi notoriety. but is based
on actual facts. Respectfully yours,
.... D " A - W. SHARPER.
81 Prospect Bt., Indianapolis, fad."
It Is safe to say that Stuart's Dys-
pepsia rableta will cure any stomach
weakness or disease except cancer of
the stomach, i h e y cure sour stomach,
pas, loss of flesh an. appetite, sleep-
lessness, palpitation, heartburn consti-
pation nnd headaches.
Send for valuable little > JO ok on stom-
ach disease* by addressing Stuart Co.,
Marshall, Mich.
All druggists sell full sised packages
at 50 cents.
AT FIRST HE LAUGHED.
PHELAN'S TIME FOR
LAUGHTER IS OVER
The "Hefting" Mayor's Face Now
Has a Worried Look Instead
of a Smile.
Democratic Opposition to the Dictator Is So Strong
That He Seeks Republican Votes to
Cover His Deficiency.
There is a line in the published quar
terly report of Auditor Broderick which
is pregnant with meaning and carries
condemnation of Mayor Phelan and his
methods of government.
It has been supposed by the public
generally that the defalcation of \. <".
Widber, the defaulting City and Coun
ty Treasurer, had been covered l»a<:k
Into the treasury, but in the report of
the Auditor appears, under the total
of "cash on hand," the significant Mne,
"L^ss A. C. Widber deficiency account,
$16,134 87."
In other words, Phelan's "hefting"
propensities cost the city the lump sum
of $16,134 87. The surety company
which was on Widber's bond paid out
$100,000, but the defalcation amounted
to $16,134 87 more than that.
The people of San Francisco are pay
ing Mayor Phelan $3000 a year to look
after Its affairs, and through his negli
gence and dereliction of duty h" has
cort the city in this one item almost
three times as much as the entire sal
ary for his whole term.
When the Mayor was on the rack of
inquisition regarding this deficiency he
stated that he did not count the col::,
but that he "hefted" the bags. lie t. ok
it for granted that th< bags contained
gold, and was so confident of his "heft
irg" abillt'es that he believes his psy
chometric touch COUld detect plugged
silver dollr.rs, iron washers or any other
old '.hlrg that Widber chose to put In
plate of tlv abstracted gold.
And he smiled as he said he "hefted"
the bags.
He Is much given to smiling over af
fairs of grave import. He smiled when
his candidates for Supervisors in the
Third, Fifth. Seventh. Ninth and Tenth
wards were advised by his committee
to violate the law, and he smiled again
when The Call exposed the methods of
this "holler than thou" candidate who
presumes to set himself up as the po
litical criterion of the century. Some
times his smile broadens Into a laugh.
This is when he is especially pleased
with himself and his Subsidized organ,
the bulletin, said he laughed at the
charge of colonization.
He probably laughed when he wrote
that fierce diatribe on the Governor for
commuting the sentence of L,ouis
Sternbery, who colonized a Senatorial
district. Laughed at his own conceit
and at the easy manner in which he
THE SATsT FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1898.
was hoodwinking the people.
He laughed again when he denounced
the gas company for paying the high
wages of $40 a month to Its employes
and then went forth arrayed In old
clothes and a slouch hat to tell the
"sons of toil" how he loved them and
how much he had done for them.
lie laughed again when he told the
people that there was not an honest
Democrat in either the Third. Fifth,
Seventh, Ninth or Tenth wards, and
sent his kid glove henchmen from the
aristocratic wards to make temporary
residence in those wards, in order that
he mifirht not be compelled to sit in
council with anybody from the tabooed
wards.
fie laughed again when he posed as
the exemplar of purity In politics, and
then Indorsed election frauds In five
wards of the city.
He laughed again -when he spent
thousandH of dollars In his campaign
for Mayor two years ago, and then j
swore that the total amount spent by
or for him during that campaign was
$250.
Phelan has had a good time laugh-
In?, but there la an old and true say-
Ing that he laughs best who laughs
last, and the time for the people to
laugh Is at hand. To use another
homely expression, Phelan Is laughing
on the other side of his mouth now. It j
has ceased being funny and even the
brays of the Jubsidized Bulletin fall to
excite him to risibility.
He is finding out that hypocrisy la
no laughing matter. Fraud is no
laughing matter. Deceit Is no laugh
ing matter. Queer oaths are no laugh
ing matter.
There are a few things which The
Call asks James D. Phelan if he will
laugh at. They are some of the mat
ters for which he is indicted before the
bar of public opinion:
He and his friends for him spent
during the last campaign thousands of
dollars— his managers say $40,000— and
he swore that the total amount spent
by or for him during that campaign
was $250, and In this oath he specifical
ly and generally covered every form of
possible expenditure.
He poses as the exponent of purity
and reform in politics, and he has in
dorsed election frauds on the part of
his men, selected by him to represent
the Third, Fifth, Seventh, Nintn and
Tenth wards on the Board of Super
visors.
He denounced the Governor for com*
muting the sentence of Sternberg for
colonizing: one ward, and said tliat
Sternbfrg's sentence should be Impris
onment for life, and he haß advised
and indorsed similar colonization on the
part of his henchmen.
He poses as the friend of the work
BUT NOW IT'S DIFFERENT.
lngmen and he rebukes a corporation
for paying Its laborers more than $30
a month, and he has for his chief politi
cal organ the Subsidized Bulletin,
which has done more to reduce wages
than any other influence on the Pacific
( "oast.
He poses as the pxemplar of purity,
and has as one of his principal backers
the Examiner, whose synonym is bood
k-r, corruptlonist and blackmailer.
He K"es iimung the workingmen of
the city dressed in old clothes and a.
slouch hat, with bare hands, and tells
them how much he loves them and
what he has done for them, and then he
dons his silk tile, broadcloth suit and
kid grloves and goes among: his friends
and says that thTe is no man among
the laboring people who is fit to sit in
coundl over the city's affairs.
He goes into the Third. Fifth, Sev
enth, Ninth and Tenth wards— almost
one-half of the city — and tells tlv peo
ple there that they should vote for him
and his henchmen because they star, i
for good politics and th'-n he denounces
the inhabitants of tnose wards and
says openly that there Is not a man in
all of them who is honest enough to be
trusted.
He swore that he would faithfully
and honestly administer th<> city's af
fairs and swore that he hud examined
Widber'a cash and found it correct, and
then, when caught, swore that instead
of counting the cash he had simply
'•hefted" the bags. He was derelici in
his duty, and it has cost the city $16,
134 ST.
It is a safe proposition to say that
r.either Phelan nor the people of "he
city and county of San Francisco laugh
at these things now.
"Holier Than Thou" Phelan, the $ub-
Bidixed bulletin and the boodling Ex
aminer say that the colonization of
candidates in fir*' wards was legal and
right; Registrar Blggy says it was
wrong, and has cited th^se men to ap
pear and show cause why tht-lr names
should not be purged from the great
register. The law is specific and plain
and says these men are not electors,
and consequently are not eligible to
hold office. They have bmken the la v
and it is the duty of Registrar Blggy
to do In this case just as he did in the
case of Grace and Smiley, and call the
attention of the Grand Jury to the mat
ter. If Blggy's duty was plain in the
Grace and Smiley matter, it is equally
plain in the matter of the men who
moved Into the tabooed wards for tem
porary purposes in expectation of vio
lating the election law, and also re
garding those who advised this pro
cedure.
Phelan laughed, but can any one tell
where the laugh comes in?
Do the voters of the Third, Fifth,
Seventh, Ninth and Tenth wards laugh
because the people are told by Fhelan
that they are not honest?
Do the people of San Francisco
laugh because Phelan permitted Wid
ber to become a defaulter?
Does Phelan laugh now because his
hypocrisy has been exposed?
Do the voters of the tabooed wards
laugh when they are asked to vote for
the man who said they were not fit to
sit In council with him?
Does the Subsidized Bulletin bray
over the exposures of its pet?
Do the men who colonized nearly ono
half of the city laugh at the predica
ment in which the Mayor has placed
them?
Does Widber now laugrh because
Mayor Phelan "hefted" his coin baps?
Do the people of San Francisco laugh
because they lost $16,134 87 by that
"hefting" process?
The "hefting" Mayor laughs no more
over these things— -he now wears a wor
ried look. His arrogance, in assuming
the role of dictator of the Democratic
party Is now bearing fruit, and he flnus
that there is so much dissatisfaction in
the ranks of his own party that unless
he can induce Republicans to help him
out he Is lost. He now goes about try
ing, with oily tongue and obsequious
manner, to get aid from Republican?,
telling th ni that he counts on their
support to help him "purify" the politi
cal atmosphere of the city.
He has found that his own party is
restive under his control, and that
thousands of Democrats fail to see
wherein they should be bound by the
action of a committee making nomi
nations when the rank and file of the
party were shut out from the councils.
. It behooves Republicans to be on
their guard against this "Oily Gam
mon" of politics. Finding that he is
being scorned by his own party, he will
now use his strongest endeavor to get
aid from the opposition, knowing full
well that unless lie does he stands no
earthly show of election.
Ridiculed for his pretensions, con
demned for his hypocrisy and de
nounced for his duplicity, the "hefting"
Mayor begins to find that his laugh has
turned apair.st him, and now he will be
laughed into political oblivion instead
of being able to use the Mayor's chair
as the su-pping-stone to the Senate of
the United States— for this was his am
bit i..n, and this was the goal toward
which he was bending all his energies.
WILLOWS GIVES GAGE
A ROUSING RECEPTION
Great Demonstration at the Depot as
He Passes Through on His
Way to Redding.
WILLOWS, CaL, Oct. 22.— Glenn County
pi ople had their opportunity to greet
Henry T. i;;ik*-. the standard-bearer of
the Republican party, to-day, and the
' large crowd of men, women and children
who (fathered at the depot to cheer the
; distinguished gentleman gave him a re
ception th>- warmth of which was unmis
takable. Mr. Gage was on his way to
lit-. Ming, whore he speaks to-night, and
the twenty-minute stop made by the train
here gave our citizens an opportunity to
s<-e and hoar the Republican champion.
As the train rolled in the band played a
national rilr, the gr.^at crowd cheered and
the Willows ilage and Neft Club gave its
startling war cry.
Mr. Gage thanked the people for their
warm greeting;, regretted that he was un
able to deliver an address of any length,
ami said he would be glad to shake each
person by the hand. An impromptu re
ception followed, and as the train depart
ed Mr. Gage was cheered to the echo,
while the band played "Yankee Doodle."
Aubrey Jones, Democratic nominee for
Congress, showed his sandlot instincts by
mounting a box and addressing the crowd
after Mr. Gage ceased speaking and en
deavoring to injure the Republican can
didate by sarcastic references to the
shortness of Mr. Gage's address.
Santa Cruz and Soquel Meetings.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 22.— J. V. Coleman
and W. Y. Stradler addressed a Demo
cratic meeting at the Opera-house this
evening.
Judge F. Davis and F. Domlnguez ad
dressed a Republican meeting at Soquel
this evening.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
lllllllllll!tH[)lllKIIHiliniHi!7 /HH'9 The carnage of , a
II 1 I \W MW buzz-saw doesn't
1 ililli If My i novc vei^* fa?t> but
I j|ijP^*^jj f MW A** a man * * ys on it
jjujrf "& ' /w A l° n 8T enou lfh he will
I! ir IJw mM presently be sawn
hw^JjSSy fc^lfji | i bodily decline and
loss of energy which leads finally to con-
sumption is not always very rapid, but if
it isn't stopped it will presently begin tc
saw its way into the most vital part of the
body, the lungs. There would be very
little consumption if every family would
keep Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discov-
ery in the house, and use it whenever feel-
ing "out of sorts.'' It keeps the entire
body in such a high condition of health
and'forcefulness that wasting diseases have
no chance to yet a foot-hold. A teaspoon-
ful or two before meals, in a little water,
gives the digestive organism power to as-
similate the blood-making, nerve-toning,
strength -building properties of the food.
It enables the liver and excretory system
to clear the circulation of bilious poisons
and remove all waste matter from the body.
It replaces worn out tissue with hard mus-
cular flesh, and changes weakness and
debility into active power and nerve force.
The originator of this great " Discovery."
R. V. Pierce, M. D., is chief consulting
physician to the great Invalids' Hotel and
Surgical Institute of Buffalo, N. V., at .the
head of a staff of nearly a score of eminent
associate physicians and surgeons. He has
acquired, in his over thirty years of active
practice, a reputation second to no living
physician in the treatment of obstinate,
chronic diseases. His prescriptions must
not be confounded with the nUmerous
"boom" remedies, "extracts," "com-
pounds," and " sarsaparillas, " which a
profit-seeking druggist is often ready to
urge as a substitute. Dr. Pierces medi-
cines are the product of wide experience
and deep etuay. Any one may consul;
him by mail free of charge.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I
Strikes Ten! Strikes Home!
Strikes a Pleasant Chime!
TEN!
A TEN STRIKE.
The fame of our Men's Clothing has traveled even
beyond our own State. They're as well known East
to-day as they are West. We're looked upon by the
State over as the originators of swell styles, and we're
not disappointing our men frie?ids. The richest
ideas, the swellest ideas, are introduced by us. The
extreme decrees of fashion are introduced by us, and
as Shakespeare said, "No profit grows where is no
pleasure ta'en; in brief, sir, study what you most
affect." Now, then, our clothes are such that give you
pleasure in wearing 'em; they're the quintessence of
style; the fit is the embodiment of perfection. "The
profit" to quote the immortal bard again, is in their
! lasting qualities. The day you are ready to cast away
the suit bought, bearing the name of Raphael' s, you
will find it in as good condition as the day you
bought it.
Now, such suits as these Monday in every conceiv-
able shape, including that beautiful new effect, the
Storm Serge, in the new shade, Electric Blue, at
TEN DOLLARS.
We won our epaulets as King Pins for Overcoats many, many
years ago, but the excellence of these garments this season has
i far surpassed anything we have ever shown. They're full of dis-
tinct feature?, differing considerably from those shown by oth"r
stores. They have the badge of refinement on them. And such
garments as these, beginning JI >nday, at
TEN DOLLARS.
«=4 ! |d el %*
ffflll
JJ I ■/il 111 ' 1 " |f
Give scope to your imiginiti on and picture th? prettiest of
Tan Covert Cloths, the winter weight, you know— not that thin,
paper-weight covert, but the winter weight— generously lined
and generously trimmed , dbou h as swell a coat as money oan put
together, and there you have the Overcoat that's offered to you,
beginning Monday, at
TEN DOLLARS.
While in our house suppose you spend a few minutes in the
Smoking Jacket and Gown Department. You'll get a glimpse
of all the pretty things that we're going to show up for the
holidays.
Some very novel ideas in Smoking Jackets, House Coats and
Lounging Robes. Of course, each season finds us showing up
new things. We have nothing left from last year, so prepare for
a rich treat.
9 il-i3ISKEARNYST.
THE FRISCO BOYS.
3
Silk facing on
a double-breast"
ed garment is
quite the swell
idea; it's aw-
fully pretty.
But you needn't
have it if you
don't want it.
We have them
without it.
Now, these
come in a lot of
handsome Che-
viots in the club
checks, which is
quite the swell
idea in a fancy
suit.
These, begin-
ning Monday,
at
$10.
And of course
the Blue Serge
that highly
p opular gar-
m r nt , that
highly fashion-
able garment,
ne at at all
times, suitable
to be worn on all
occasions, with
silk striped lin-
ing in coat, vest
and trousers —
these, too, you
may have at
$10.
Fancy a pret-
ty Kersey Over-
coat in blue,
black or brown,
satin shoulders,
satin sleeve -lin-
ing, and the
balance of th-e
body lining in
a fine worsted,
and there you
have the Over-
coats we're of-
fering at
$10.4
REA CONVICTED AND HEAVILY
MULCTED FOR SLANDERING JARMAN
VERDICT CIS
SATISFACTION
TO THE PEOFLE
For Fifteen Hundred
Dollars and Costs.
NEW ERA FOR SAN JOSE
POWER OF THE GANG HAS BEEN
BROKEN.
Defendant Takes His Defeat With
Very Bad Grace — Had Boasted
of Certain and Easy
Victory.
Special r>i?rat<-h to The
PAX JOSE. Oct. 22.— James W. Rea
stands convicted of Blander.
So say eleven cII I Santa Clara
County, and these same citizens to;
night t h« a damage done J. I.
Jarman by Rea'a malicious and slan
derous utterances at $1500. Defendant
must also pay the the suit,
which amount to $685. The original
I laint asked for $50,000 damages,
but one count in it was not sustained,
leaving: the amount asked for at $2
The good and true citizens who ren
dered the verdict that heralds a new
era for San Jose and Santa Clara
County, that means freedom frum boss
rule and corrupt officials, are: Joseph
Clevenger, Otto Brasch, o. W. Seay,
Henry Davidson, C. Bertlesman, Wal
ter Murray, H. Rich, H. Weilheimer,
G. W. Glendenning, J. A. Gamble and
A. C. McKenney. The Juror who re
fused to join in the verdict is B. L.
The verdict was practically unani
mous, for all the jurors had agreed to
it in the jury room. When they were
polled Moody was attacked with a bad
case of "cold feet," and answered
■ No" when asked if it was his verdict.
The reading of the verdict was as
va:
"We, the jury In the above entitled
case, find for plaintiff and assess dam
ages at $1500."
Attorney Morehouse asked for ten
days' stay for defendant, to which Del
mas said he had no objection.
The court room was crowded all day
and the spectators listened attentively
closing argument. When he
finally got down to his peroration his
eloquence thrilled the vast assemblage
and the silence was su<h that a pin
could have b-»en heard to drop.
Attorney Del mas began the closing
argument to th^ jury at the opening 1 of
the court. He said there were two
questions to he considered: Did Rea
utter words in subsi ■ to those in
: .aim? And did the words utl
by Rea impute or charge plaintiff with
the commission of th of bribery?
"If these questions ar-- answered in
the affirmative," he continued, "you
must find a verdict for the plaintiff,
and the duty also devolves on you to
fix the amount of damage done to
plaintiff by these slanderous utter
ance s.
"Defendant knew he wa? lying: when
Id Jarman received a bribe, and
knowing that he was lying it did not
make the crime any less add
ander ha.s
been added that of d • lying. He
has proved himseif an infamous liar as
well as a malignant slanderer."
He said counsel for defendant had
tried to impede a full hearing of the
case by every means known. They had
argued at length on a demurrer to the
complaint and for a nonsuit, but they
had been routed horse, foot and
dragoon by rulings of ihe court until
th<>y had nothing to stand on.
Attorney Morehouse, in his argument,
had likened Rea to Washington, Lin
coln and Christ -this bosa of San Jose,
Janipp W. Rea.
Delinas in a powerful peroration
■ 1 his argument, Haying in part:
".Boss Tweed spent his life in organiz
ing a band of thieves to rob th" public
treasury of New York, to debauch her
legislators and Judges, and to under
mine the manhood of the people and
bring sorrow and . q In every
household. The name of William M.
Tweed is written by the turnkey's hand
Bide by side with those of the murderers
and ruffians of Ludlow stre it Jail.
"William M. Tweed died in- the
Bqualor of, the dungeon, amid the curses
and exe< ratloi I he i Ity that h^ had
plundered, of the nation he had dishon
ored. Of humanity which he had dis
graced.
"Let those who emulate his career be
warned by his fate."
Judge Kittredge occupied about
three-quarters of an hour in his
charge, and at 4 : 1 <"» the jury retired.
They deliberai d until 10:40, when the
V( ! diet was returned.
Attorney Morehouse suited after th"
verdict was read that at the opening
of the court Monday he would move for
a new trial. He claimed there was
plenty of grounds for such action and
he is ■ t of success.
Rea was dumfounded. He would not
discuss the matter further than to say
It would be appealed and that Jarman
would never get any of his money. All
along he has been confident of victory,
but to-day a change came over him.
When the jury failed to return a quick
verdict Rea became sullen and lost
heart. For some time he has realized
his power has been waning and the
fact that the jury had the manhood to
stand out against him was extremely
demoralizing to him and the gang he
bosses.
The verdict means more for Ran Jose
than appears on the face of it. It
means that Rea and the Mackenzlea
have got to the end of their power and
that they will soon he banished from
San Jose and Santa Clara County poli
tics. For years they have dominated
affairs and those that dared oppose
them were maliciously slandered and
otherwise terrorized.
Rea was conducting a campaign
along these lines of terrorism when he
determined to ruin Jarman politically,
because he had refused to stand in
with the prang and take orders in se
lecting policemen and Bremen. He cir
culated and caused to be circulated
ments that Jarman had been
bribed to vote for the purchase of a
Fteam street roller while a member of
the Council.
< >v March 14 last Rea met Jarman on
North First street, and the latter asked
Rea why he was circulating lies about
him.
Rea answered: "There was $900 paid
to some of the Councilmen on the pur
J. P. JARMAN, WHO SECURED A VERDICT FOR $1500 AGAINST
JAMES W. REA FOR SLANDER.
chase of the steam roller and you got
$400 of it."
This was what the slander suit was
based on, and $25,000 damages was
ask>'d. Another count based on the
conversation Rea had with S. O. Tomu
kins was not sustained.
that ;t Jury has been found in
the county who had the manhood to
brine in a verdict against Rea neor>le
predict a general falling off in the fol
low ing of the gang.
The trial has attracted a great deal
of attention. Rea made .his boasts wh-'n
the suit was filed that it would never
come to trial, and then he finally said
he would "tell politics for twenty years
back." This iast threat frightened the
gangsters and officials. When he got
on the stand he did tell some politics,
but it was principally about himself.
H- admitted running the city govern
and dictating the election of all
officers.
On the first ballot the Jury stood 9 to
3. Sums ranging from $500 to
were 1 and $1500 was finally
agreed upon.
ENGLAND IS
PREPARED TO
DO BUTTLE
Continued from First Page.
squadron, which -\aj= last reported off
Vilagaria, Spain, consisting of ei^ht
battleships and five cruisers, consti
tutes the most modern and powerful
fleet of warships afloat.
Telegrams from Balmoral Intimate
that Queen Victoria is following the
trend of events with much chagrin. Her
aversion to war, in the declining years
of her reign, is well known and Is an
appreciable factor in the situation.
The Austrian and German news
papers are closely following the dispute
between Great Britain and France, and,
while they express the hope that it will
■ end in war, the general feeling is
that the French position is untenabble,
and that Great Britain is entitled to
reap the fruits of victory.
LORD ROSEBERY'S
SIGNIFICANT UTTERANCES
PERTH, Scotland, Oct. 22.— Lord
Rosebery, the Liberal leader and for
mer Premier, In receiving the freedom
of the city of Perth to-day, referred in
the most cordial terms to the "good un
derstanding between Great Britain and
our kinsmen in th>- United States."
Continuing, the speaker said he be
lieved the whole history of the ill
feeling which existed wan a misunder
standing. "Since 1719, by the madness
of one Government and the want of
wisdom of another, Great Britain had
waged two wars against the ITnited
States, In neither of which were we
picuously successful. Hut through
out my life I have never been cognizant
of an unfriendly feeling in this country
ird the United States.
"On the other hand, the Americans,
in whose territory the wars were
fought, and with whom the recollection
was most painful, have always had a
sense of a hiding soreness. But 1 am
glad to say that after more than a cen
tury of misunderstanding the United
St-iu-s has discovered that we are not
enemies, but friends. (Cheers.) I
could not but believe that when they
realized the position they would see
that there was a great future before the
two great nations going- hand in hand
and that It was their duty, function
and destiny to perform a great ser
vice, not actually in behalf of other
nations, but in behalf of humanity and
civilization."
Lord Rosebery then referred at
length to the Fashoda question, his re
marks having the same tenor as his
previous utterances on the same sub
ject. He said: "If I were !t P.ritish
Minister now no man should rob me of
one shred or jot of the honor to which
the great work of civilization, culmin
ating at Omdurman, entitled Great
Britain and Egypt, if the Government
does not feel strong enough to bear the
weight of its laurels I am willing to
taTt'e .'my share it may hand over
to me."
RUSSIA DECLARED
AN ALLY OF FRANCE
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 22.—Com
menting upon the recent speech of the
Kritish Chancellor of the Exchequer,
Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, the Novoe
Vremya charges the Chancellor with
making a violent attack upon the
French Government,. and says he failed
to bear in mind that France has In
Russia "an ally resolved to support her
In the Fashoda question, in view of the
full solidity of their interests."
PARIS, Oct 22.— The Rourse was
agitated during the early portion of
the day, but subsequently the uneasi
ness experienced regarding the out
come of the Fashoda dispute subsided.
This was due to a growing belief that
the matter will be amicably arranged.
TJHJIi SAN AH CISCO CALiJj, SUJSI>AY, OCTOBER 23, 1898.
HOT TIMES
AHEAD FOR
PARISIANS
Outlook Is Decidedly
Threatening.
COUNTER DEMONSTRATIONS
SO THE POLICE PREPARE TO
SUPPRESS RIOTS.
Meanwhile All the Predictions Point
to the Indication That Dreyfus
Will Be Granted
B-e vision.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, Oct. 22.— 1f the outlook is
gloomy abroad, it is no less threaten
ing at home. On Tuesday the Cham
bers meet, and it is almost certain that
this will furnish a pretext for demon
strations of all kinds.
The socialists have already organized
a manifestation for that day on the
Place de la Concorde. It is a sort of
answer to the one arranged by Paul
Deroulede, with the Intention of con
vincing th*» Deputies that unless their
patriotism is branded "No revision" the
country will repudiate them.
The police is making its preparations
to cope with the two bodies, as when
they meet there is pretty sure to be a
tight.
In the meantime tl\a Court of Cas
sation will decide on Thursday whether
the Dreyfus case is to be revised. All
the Indications are that it will be.
This, in fact, is why the people have
misgivings about Tuesday's manifesta
tion. It may easily degenerata into a
riot, and as the troops brought here for
the recent strike have to a large ex
tent been sent back, the authorities
may find themselves powerless to cope
with any outbreak on a large scale.
The people are still bitter Dreyfusists
and anti-Dreyfusists. Matters h.ave not
yet got to a point where the opponents
agree to differ.
Henry Bauer has just left the Echo
de Paris on this very account. He is a
decided revisionist, and as the Echo de
Tails Is a semi-official organization of
the general staff, there was a conflict
of i, pinion, which has finally resulted In
M. Bauer's having ceased, for the time.
to write dramatic criticisms for this
paper, something he has done for many
years. _________________
SLOOP WRECKED AND
NINE PERSONS PERISH
W. E. Bondy of Berkeley Brings Sad
News From Sunrise City, on
Cooks Inlet.
BEATTL.B, Wash., Oct. 22.— W. R.
Bondy of Berkeley, Gal., who has just
returned from Sunrise City on Cooks In
let, teiis a Btory of the wreck of a sl«>op
about four weeks ago in which it is prob
able that nine persona lost their lives.
Handy could learn the names of only two.
They were Frank Kohinson of Santa
Cruz. Cal., and Chris Johnson of Cooks
Inlet. Johnson was the owner of the
Kloop.
About September 2f> Robinson and
Johnson sailed to Kinink Arm, where
the;, lnt.k aboard a party of seven prOS
pectors bound for Sunrise. Kinink Arm
is about" twenty miles north of Turn
again Arm. After leaving Kiniak Arm
the party was never heard of again. A
man who saw the sloop take on the party
told Bondy that the sloop was loaded
down within six inches of the water. A
few days later Johnson's dog appeared at
Sunrise half dead with exhaustion. Af
terward a part of the Bloop and other
wreckage was picked up at Turnagain
Arm.
AGAIN THE MOUNTAIN
FIRES BURST FORTH
Defy All Efforts to Permanently
Subdue Them — Situation as
Bad as Ever.
PASADENA, Oct. 22.— The mountain
fires still rage and Forest Superintendent
Newhall, who hns just returned from Al
pine Tavern, says the situation is not im
proved, so fur as Martin's camp is con
cerned at least. Manager Wilcox tele
phoned down to-night for more men to
tight the fire in the vicinity of Wilson's
Peak, on which Martin's camp is located,
and Superintendent Newhall is engaging
twenty men to go up ns soon ns possi
ble. The railroad has about thirty men
fighting the fire in that vicinity, besides
a large force In Baton's Canyon and an
other force near Alpine Tavern and the
Mount .Lowe Railway,
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
TRAILING THE
KIDNAPERS OF
WATSOHVILLE
Carnes and Rimero in
a Bad Fix.
EVIDENCE IS AGAINST THEM
YOUNG AMERICAN BELIEVED
TO BE IMPLICATED.
City Marshal Confident Rimero Is
One of the Culprits— Public
Excitement Shows No
Abatement.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
WATSONVILLE, Cal., Oct. 22.— The
rearrest of Fred Carnes and Jose Ri
mero, suspected of the attempted ab
duction of Edna Osborn, the 12-year
old daughter of Postmaster Osborn, has
caused considerable excitement in this
city, and If the evidence against them
were more conclusive the officers of the
law might not be required to mete out
their deserved punishment.
The blunder made by the constable
in discharging the men nearly caused
the father of the girl to take the law
Into his own hands, but he was satis
fled when told the men would be again
apprehended and tried.
City Marshal Bridgewater is confident
that Rimero is one of the men wanted,
and if he is shewn to be the culprit
Carnes may have a hard time to clear
hla own skirts. Both men were seen
in the neighborhood of the Osborn res
idence for two nights previous to the
crime and also on the night of its com
mission. The finding of the time-tag
and lock of hair of the girl In the stolen
buggy, and the fact that the tracks of
the buggy led to a curb in front of the
house where one of the men resided,
are the main points of evidence against
them thus far, but the officers are
working on a clew which may bring to
light the required evidence.
It is believed that a young American
of dissolute habits was Implicated In
the attempt to carry off the girl, and if
he can be located in time it is thought
the true facts can be had from him. It
transpires that the abductor did not
wear rubber shoes, but that upon en
tering the child's room he drew her
stockinps on over hia shoes in order to
move about noiselessly. That part of
her footwear has disappeared and has
not yet been found.
Marshal Bridpewater, who arrested
the men, says they are hard citizens.
He believes them guilty, and hop.>s to
have sufficient evidence to hold them
at their examination on Monday next.
"I am satisfied," said he, "that chlo
roform was used i.n th" girl, but she is
big and strong and they did not give
her enough. She revived, and her abil
ity to scream is, I believe, all that saved
the State from another Durrant hor
ror. They had but one motive,, and she
would nev.r have >>een brought home
alive. The fact that they had hitched
a horse to the buggy showed that they
proposed to carry her away to a place
whore their purpose could be acenm
d. There was some talk of lynch
ing at first, but the evidence was not
conclusive, and the law-abiding ele.
nient prevailed. I can't say what might
happen if it were known that the men
are guilty, but I don't anticipate any
trouble."
The accused men. have retained an
attorney from Salinas to defend them
at the examination, but If there Is any j
laxity in the law's operations it is gen
erally believed the father of the girl j
will have to be accounted with, as he is ■
a man of stern determination, and will
"be satisfied with nothing but exact Jus
tice.
COOKS INLET PLACER
MINES NOT VERY RICH
JUNEAU, Alaska, Oct. 18.— Crowds
nri> here from Cooks Inlet and Copper
River. Travel to those sections Will
cease till next spring with the arrival
here in tow within twd weeks of the
last ships.
The total estimated output of Cooks
Inlet placer mines for the last season
rations having been retarded and
much damage linlicted by high water)
One hundred tons of supplies for the
thirty-mile Canadian police posts, ex
tending from Llnderman to Dawson
and now nearly completed, for the pur
of facilitating communication,
travel and an open trail down the
Lewis and Yukon rivers during the
winter, have been delivered at Ben-
Regnlar communication is expected
to be maintained in safety with Daw
son and mails handled in from ten to
twenty days' time to and from the
i u;ist... where last winter there was no
mail at all.
BluSh ice la running. The rush out Is
nv.r. Several thousand people are pre
paring to X" from Alaska towns to new
dippings at Lake Atlln next spring.
Lieutenant L. S. Kelley and ten men
of the Cooks Inlet Government explor
ation expedition, under Captain E. F.
<;i<'iin. Fourth Infantry, report a total
traveled distance of 360 miles to a point
200 miles nmth cif Gerstel River, a trib
utary of Tanana. Colors of gold were
found on many streams. The country
Is mostly rolling and open with agri
cultural possibilities, plenty of grass
and extensive forests of cottonwood,
birch and spruce. Provisions ran low
on the OersteL The main party re
turned to the coast, while lieutenant
Castman and two men continued the
exploration on down the Tanana to Cir
cle City. Captain Glenn is still at
Klonack awaiting orders.
PASSENGERS ESCAPE
FROM THE ABBIE ROWE
PORTLAND, Oct. 22.— The steamship
Garonne, which left St. Michael two
days later than the Roanoke, had
among her passengers J. H. ICvans of
I'orterville, Cal., who arrived in Port
land to-day. He says the Boston party
that was reported to have been lost on
the steamer Abbie Rowe while crossing
Norton Bound turned up all right. The
steamer wns wrecked in a stum, but
the- eleven passengers are safe at an
Indian village on the mainland. A gov
ernment relief expedition was sent after
the shipwrecked people.
i Count Murvaieff in Favor of Peace.
BERLIN, pet 23.— The National Zei
tung says it learns that Count Mura
! vieff, the Russian Foreign Minister,
j has recommended to the French Gov
ernment a peaceful settlement of the
Fashoda question, as Russia does not
consider that war will serve the intar
i e&ts of France.
GREAT WEALTH
FOUND IN ONE
SMALL CLAIM
Dick Low's Phenom
enal Luck.
FORTUNE IN AN ODD FRACTION
FROM A LITTIiE STRIP OF LAND
$225,000 TAKEN.
One Place on the Klondike Where as
High as Ten Thousand Dollars
Is Yielded to the
Fan.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Oct. 12.— A better
Illustration of the exceeding and in
comparable richness of some of the
Klondike ground can hardly be found
than a small fractional claim held by
Klchard Low, who plowed up through
the swiftly running slush Ice In the
river and Is now here. Low left here
for the Ynkon Valley about four years
ago. He was down the river around
about Forty Mile. He was a little slow
in getting to Dawson, but pitched his
tent there in time to get a job assist
ing William ogilvie survey Bonanza,
El Dorado and other creeks. At the
head of Bonanza Creek it was discov
ered that a Swede had staked too
much ground. There was eighty-six
feet over and above the legal 500-foot
claim. Low located the fraction and
hastened back to Dawson and recorded
it. The claim is between Nos. 3 and 4
above Discovery — Just an even eighty
eix feet up and down the creek bed.
The discovery and location of this
fraction is, in proportion to the extent
of ground, the greatest piece of luck
on the Klondike.
Dick Low has taken out of that frac
tion to date about $225 000 worth of gold
— nearly a quarter of a million dollars.
The pay streak so far worked is about
six feet wide and from one to one and
a half feet deep. The 4225,000 is, in
reality, what Low has all to himself,
for in addition to that he paid his fore
man, Joe living, $20 a day and at the
end of the season presented him with
$1000 in a lump. Joe is a crackerjack
miner and a mechanic, too. When asked
why he gave Irving the extra $1000 Low
said: "He's worth it to me and de
served it."
This output from so email a piece of
ground is a discomposer here. A quar
ter of a million dollars shoveled out of
the ground in less than half the length
of a city lot! And the pay streak is not
worked out yet: The remainder of the
ground has not been touched and it also
contains gold — how rich is not known,
but certainly in paying quantities. Low
twld an old friend here that if it had
not been for the royalty of 10 per cent
exacted by the Canadian Government
on the output of the claims he could,
from selected ground in the pay streak,
have astonished Daivaon and shocked
all the people of the earth with a pan
of dirt. The ground frequently yielded
from $200 to (800 to the pan— a shovel
ful being the general estimate of a
pan. This is approaching the very dif
ficult in estimating whether there is
actually more gold or gravel In a spade
ful. In one place Low says he believes
he c.iuld have taken out between $8000
and SlduOO to the single pan! In this
there would be about nine-tenths solid
gold and one-tenth dirt — about as much
weight as an able-bodied miner cares
to handle on a shovel.
Miners are a peculiar people. They
are true to the core to each other as a
rule. This is to a great extent a neces
sity — an unwritten law, for usually
there are neither attorneys, courts nor
legal facilities at hand to bind bargains.
A miner who once goes back on his
partner finds it wHlnigh impossible to
get another one. Low has other valu
able ground on Bonanza and El Dorado.
When he left Dawson to get in touch
with coast civilization for a short spell
he left Joe Irving with absolute power
of attorney to do as he pleases with the
claims while he is absent. In no other
class, kind or color of men can such
confidence be found.
Richard Low has been a miner around
the coast of Alaska, spending his win
ters in Juneau. for ten years. He was
a poor man. Once he dealt faro here
for wages. He extends the "glad hand"
to everybody and, of course, everybody
now has the "glad hand" for Dick. He
places a good deal of sea room between
him and a faro lay-out these days and
has dreams. It is said, of an easy chair
and domestic felicity. Dick claims that
many a man gambles simply because he
is down on his luck in other ways.
MEN FROM DAWSON
ARRIVE AT SEATTLE
SEATTLE, Oct. 22.— The steamer
City of Seattle arrived to-day from
Skaguay, Alaska, with 290 passengers,
of whom 125 are from Dawson. They
came up the Yukon to the lakes on the
ptesmesa Morwin and Florence, leaving
j Dawson September 29. Owing to the
low stage of the river, the Morwin was
| eighteen days in making the tip. But
; one more steamer is to leave Dawson
j before navigation on the upper river is
clOßed. Travel will then close until
December, when it will be resumed
over the ice. According to the report
i brought down by the City of Seattle
' the Steamer Brixham, which ran on
i the rocks south of Wrangel a few days
i ago is a total wreck.
KING WINTER HAS
ASSUMED SOVEREIGNTY
VANCOUVER, B. C, Oct. 22.— The
steamer Rosalie arrived this afternoon
from Southeastern Alaska ports with
170 passengers, who report that King
Winter has assumed sovereignty over
the northern gold tit'ld. The Rosalie's
passengers were from Dawson, Atiin
Lake and Copper River. Mail Carrier
Hume of Seattle says there is three
feet of snow on Chilkoot Pass and sev
eral inches at the lake. The drowning
of L. <'. Goraoch of yqrktown, S. D., is
reported from Copper River. Captain
O'Brien of the Rosalie says that the
steamer Brixham is beyond doubt a
total wreck. The Utopia is bringing
down her crew and a number of her
passengers.
MINIMIZES DISTANCF.
TIME AND DANGER
WASHINGTON. Oct. 22.— The dlacov
ery of 200 miles of additional territory
ADVERTISEMENTS.
tt^- SILK
SALE
Begins TO-MORROW, Monday,
October 24, at 8 o'clock.
OUR OFFERINGS
cSmpr.^^. 3 .^ 4300 YARDS OF BEAUTIFUL SILKS,
...INCLUDING... . ■
Striped Taffeta Silks, Rich Bayadere Silks,
In medium and light colorings. In new fall colorings and styles-
Rich Plaid Silks,
In various combinations.
Elegant Brocaded Silks, Medium and Light Brocades,
In rich dark colorings. In very choice colorings.
The actual value of these Silks ranges in price from 85
cents to $1.25 a yard, and will be sold, beginning to.
morrow, to close— YOUß CHOICE AT
F^.Fv/^* a yard.
' ■'..-•. _ _.■■-..' r
of the Tnited States on the Alaskan
coast and of a new channel for Yukon
bound vessels, which will minimize dis
tance, time and danger, is officially re
purted to Superintendent Pritehett of
the Coast and Geodetic Survey by John
F. Pratt, the assistant in charge of the
expedition which has been working in
those waters. "What the expansion of
the mileage of our Alaskan territory is
due to is not known. There is a possi
bility of accretion and constant out
ward growth of the land Bince the first
charts were made, but the better opin
ion is that it is due to previous inac
curate charts, the present being the
first regular and reliable survey of the
region.
The finding of the new channel will
effect a saving of about 400 or 500 miles
in reaching the Yukon. At present ves
sels destined for the Yukon region have
to proceed up the ocean outside the long
bar some twenty-five miles off the coast
up to St. Michael, there tranship to
sail boats, which have to creep along
the coast down to the Aphoon channel,
100 miles or so below St. Michael.
This channel carries the water only
HUDYAN DOES CURE
HUDYAN is the greatest remedio-treatment that has ever
been produced by any combination of physicians. It cures
prematurity. T ne HUDYAN remedio-treatment cures the dis-
eases and disabilities of men. It is a remedio-treatment for
men only. It cures nervous weakness, spermatorrhoea, losses
and pimples. HUDYAN cures depression of spirits, bashf ulness,
inability to look frankly into the eyes of another. hUDYAN
cures headache, dimness of sight, weak memory, loss of voice,
HUDYAN cures stunted growth, dyspepsia, constipation. HUD-
YAh' cures weakness or pains in the small of the back, loss of
muscular power, gloomy, melancholy forebodings. HUDYAN
can be had from the doctors of the HUDSON MEDICAL
INSTITUTE, and from no one else. You need HUDYAN when
the facial nerves twitch, as there is certain to be an irritation at
their centers in the brain. You need HUDYAN when there is a
decline of the nerve force, because this decline shows a lack of
nerve life, which may develop into nervous debility and then
possibly into nervous prostration. If you have harassed your
nerves, if you have knotted or gnarled them, if you have abused
your nerves, the best thing for you to get is HUDYAN. You
can get HUDYAN only from us. HUDYAN cures varicocele,
hydrocele, dizziness, falling sensations, despair, sorrow and
misery. Consult the HUDSON doctors about HUDYAN in
their offices — they occupy a building of thirty rooms — or write
for circulars and testimonials of the great HUDYAN. Call for
information or write for circulars and testimodials free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE
Ellis, Market and Stockton Streets,
fc>«lN PRANCI6CO, OAb,
i two feet over the bar at low tide. The
' new channel Just found is the Kusli
vak, which will carry eight feet over
! the bar at low water, and, according
to present expectations, will permit
ships of moderate draught to proceed
directly into the Yukon from the south
and then to continue up the river four
or five hundred miles to a safe landing
before trans-shipping to the smaller
boats, which will go the remainder of
i the way up the river. Aside from
i shortening the distance, this will put
the Yukon region into much closer ac
> cess from the south.
The information obtained will be em
bodied in a chart which will be ready
for the use of navigators in time for the
first parties going up next spring, so
as to afford the greater safety to navi
gation for all that region.
Death Ends a Convict's Term.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Oct. 22.— L. H.
< Schultz, a convict serving- ten years for
' manslaughter, died in the Prison Hospi-
t al last evening of consumption. Schultz
murdered a man while engaged in a
j drunken row in a saloon at Stockton. He
I had served five years of his sentence.
CJ"IVY DAY" WAS
DULY OBSERVED
Parnell's Memory Kept
Green.
IRISHMEN SHOWED LOYALTY
DEMONSTRATIONS IN HONO|t OF
THE DEPARTED LEADER.
As Time Rolls On There Is a Marked
Increase in the dumber Who
Wear the Parneli
Emblem.
BY J. J. CLANCY.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
DUBLIN, Oct. The day befor« yes
terday, the anniversary of the death of
Charles Stewart Parnoll, was known and
kept, as It has been known and kept, as
'•Ivy day" in Dublin and the other chief
centers of population in Ireland for the
last seven years. How It came to be
known as Ivy day— is to say, how
the ivy leaf lias come to be. regarded as
the Parnell symbol, as the primrose is
that of Disraeli, or. I suppose I should
pay. Lord Beaconsfleld, is already a mat
ter of doubt. The fact, however, remains.
On the 6th of October in every year
the Parnellitos wear the ivy leaf as all
Irishmen do the shamrock on St. Pat
rick's day; and on this occasion, for the
first time, many wore it in hat or coat
who have not been Parnellltes in the
past. It is curious, and yet not strange,
how all this has come about. I remem
ber the time when, immediately after the
split in the Irish party In 1890, those of
his former followers who were opposed
to Parnell would scarcely bear to hear of
hie name. It was, of course, when pas
sion ran hig:h. The men on both sides
were excited and' said and did some
things which, on ordinary occasions, they
would neither have done nor said. Time x
however, has softened the appetites of
the Internecine conflict in Ireland, and
to-day most anti-Parnellites are willing
to acknowledge the essential greatness of
the great Irishman who died so unex
pectedly in October, 189 L Hence the gen
eral wearing of the ivy leaf on Thursday,
and the articles in the anti-Parnelllte
press In eulogy of Parnell.
Apart from this general demonstration
In memory of Parrel! there was a special
demonstration in Cork, the last constitu
ency which Parnell represented in the
British Parliament, which took the shape
of a public meeting, at which the Mayor,
who has always been an advanced Par
nellite, presided; and there was also a
meeting in Dublin at which Mr. John
Redmond, M. P., delivered a lecture on
"Irish Leaders From Swift to Par
nell." Cork presents a rather curious
spectacle. So far as one can see, the pop
ulation of that city Is overwhelmingly
Parnellite, but its two Parliamentary rep
resentatives are anti-Parnellite. How is
the apparent inconsistency explained?
The fact is that in the Parliamentary
constituency of Cork city there is in
cluded a considerable rural district which,
like most of the rural districts through
out Ireland, Is anti-Parnellite, and the i
votes of this part of the constituency turn j
the scales. This fact is indicative of j
the state of things generally. How
ever one may acount for it. outside of '
Ulster, the urban center and certainly |
the large cities arid towns of Ireland j
have always been Parnellite, while the i
rural districts, as a rule, outside some i
half-dozen counties, have at least voted
anti-Parnelllte consistently sine* the Na- j
tionalist split in 1890. As to Dublin there
has never been any doubt. The city has '
always been overwhelmingly Parnell- '
ite. Three out of the four Parliamentary !
representatives of the city were elected
at the last two general elections on Par
nellite principles and as members of the
Parnellite party; but what is more sig
nificant is that the members of the cor
poration of Dublin who are elected on a
narrow and restricted franchise are also
three-fourths Parnellite. It was not
therefor© unexpected when a large and
enthusiastic audience assembled to listen
to Mr. Redmond, the leader of the Par
nelike party.
Mr. Redmond's lecture was interesting
from two points of view— from the his
torical point of view and from the point
of view of Mr. Redmond himself The
survey of Irish history involved in the
recital of the story of Swift, Grattan,
O'Connell and Parnell necessarily brought
In the most important episodes in the his
tory of Ireland during the last century ;
and a half. Swift was tlie first great
Irishman who asserted the independence \
of Ireland. Grattan accomplished the j
dream of Swift by securing the independ
ence of the Irish Parliament. O'Connell,
by winning the emancipation of the !
Catholics of Ireland established his claim j
to the title of the Liberator of Ireland. I
Finally rnell accomplished the social j
emancipation- of the Irish tenantry, and.!
In addition, brought the nation itself al
most within the portals of national lib
erty. This was the burden of Mr. Red- !
mond's lecture. But it taught another les
eon also. It showed Mr. Redmond him
self In a very favorable light. He is cer
tainly one of the best lecturers of the day.
He has a fine, clear voice, an excellent
delivery and a capacity for those dramatic
touches which hold a popular audi« : in
a spell. On Monday night he charmed
everybody who listened to him, which will
not be surprising to any one who has
heard him in America. In truth, John
Redmond Is one of the few orators whom
Ireland possesses at the present moment,
and he is one also of those Irishmen of
whom it ma • safely be said that the beat
of him has not been s»<*n yet.
It was only to be expected that the
failure of the constitutional movement
to achieve home rule should have led to a
feeling among the rising generation of
Irishmen in favor of other methods of
accomplishing that object. It was inev
itable that wh*>n Parnefi was removed
from the scene of action in Ireland, with
out having accomplished his main pur
pose, ardent spirits should have once more
come to the conclusion that mere reason
and argument wen of no use and that the
only argument England would listen to
was the argument of force. Of this fact a j
suspicious Illustration was afforded a few j
days ago in the county of Galway. when |
a large public meeting unanimously de
clared that it would no longer take part
in constitutional agitation, but considered
f '-.at only tli'" methods of "the men of '98" j
ought thenceforward to be adopted and j
pursued by Irish Nationalists. It is true
that the meeting at which this declara
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"77"
for
GRIP
A Hard Cold.
The skilled physician is
olt'times puzzled to determine
between La Grippe and a Cold
that "hangs on," so close is
the resemblance. Hence the
simplicity of "Seventy-seven,"
it being an unfailing cure for
both Grip and Colds: taken at
the first feeling of lassitude
"breaks up" the disease.
At , druggists or sent prepaid: price. 25c and
We: larK? pocket Jlaßk. %\ no. Dr. Humphreys'
Manual at drufelßts or sent irre
Humphreys' Mf<l Co.. ,-or. William and John
•t«-. New iork. Be (sure to get
H-U-M-P-H-R-E-Y-S
tlon was made was not attended by anj
conspicuous public man except John Dal>
of Limerick, the released political pria
oner, but none the less is the resolution
agreed to the expression of the thought
and feelings of many thousands. It 1
pretty much the same In Ireland now as i
was in the Quarter of a century which
passed before Parnell came on the scene
In the era between tha death of O'Connel
and the Fenian movement the Irish peo
pie were systematically hoodwinked an*
humbugged by men who wanted to ge
into Parliament for personal profit. May
or" these men succeeded In their immedl
ate object, but their open treachery anil
the ease with which they succeeded m
achieving their personal advancement
filled the minds of many with the belie!
that constitutional methods of action were
a farce. The result was that thousands
were driven into the ways of conspiracy.
Whether a secret movement for the
achievement of Irish freedom is now on
toot I know not; but if there be such a
thing it would l>e the most natural sequel
in the world to the events of the last lew
years At any rate, the meeting in
County Galway to which 1 have referred
shows that in some parts of Ireland at
least the Fenian idea hap Ftlll a hold in
the heart and mind of Ireland and tnat
the concession of local government has
Ived the Irish question.
The '•elevation" of Mr. Curzon. the new
Indian Viceroy, to the peerage has Ho. to
a somewhat curious controversy. Mr.
Curzon haa been made a peer, but not a
peer of the I'nited Kingdom, but of Ire
land- -which has the effect °* ren de™ng
him incapable of pitting in the Hritish
! House of Lords, and does not prevent
him from again getting elected to tne
House of Commons for a British con
stituency. Against this arrangement
Lord Inchiquin. himself an Irish peer, who
Bits in the House of Lords for life as a
"representative" Irish peer, has uttered
a strong protest. His point is that, the
' Irish peerage being of an inferior sort,
ought to be abolished altogether; that the
English Government is under a pledge to
do away with it. and that, consequently,
Mr Curzon's title Is a violation of the
compact. Lord Inchiquin's protest is sig
nificant. What it really means is that
the Irish peers are ashamed of their own
country and want to be included in the
English peerage. It Is not a particularly
noble ambition, but the Irish aristocracy
have imiK since sunk to a very low ebb.
This Lord Inchiquin ought to have had
more reaped for his ancestors, if not tor
himself. He claims, and 1 believe not
without some foundation, to be the rlire,-t
•■'.ant of Brian Koru. King of Ire
■ d nn who '• the Panes at Clon
tarf'and fell in the moment of victory-.
He is thus the representative of one of
the most famous of Irish families and
micht. therefore, be expected to hold his
head high and to plead for his own land.
But his idea is, apparently, to grovel at
the feet of the foreigner. In all this.
I owever, he Is not singular. All the Irish
peers are of the same way of thinking.
• Their center of attraction is no longer
i Ireland, but England. They spend their
money not in Ireland, but In England.
and t'hev, in fact, may be said to live in
England" rather than in Ireland, though
their commonest fxperience is to be treat
ed by Englishmen with contempt. I may
add that Ix>rd Inchiquin is not known as
a good Irish landlord and. in th* House of
Lords, has devoted what little abilities
he possesses to defeating or mutilating
every measure intended for the benellt of
; Ireland. Bo that he Is true at least to^
; his order.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Commissioners of Immigration Inter
ested in Laws to Govern Newly
Acquired Territory.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 22.— United States j
Commissioner of Immigration North of ,
San Francisco arrived in "Washington af- !
ter having made a tour of immigration !
stations in the East- Commissioner North
will stay In "Washington till Commissioner
rf Immigration Rice at Victoria arrives j
East. The two Commissioners from the
Pacific Coast will then have a talk
with Assistant Secretary of the Treas
ury Spaulding regarding: laws which
will be needed on account of the
new possessions of the United States in j
the Pacific Ocean. In Commissioner
North's visit to Eastern immigration sta- [
tions he was struck with the lower char- I
acter of the Immigrants as compared with
those that land at San Francisco, who,
aside from Asiatics, are almost uniformly .
well to do people.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Charles Ehren
feld, Pasadena, $6; John S. Graham. Big ;
Pine, $6; Louis Bertech, Tulare. $6; Hugh
B. Comfort, Pirn, $6; Joseph Neil, Vaca
ville, $S; Peter A. Joice, Inglewood, $»3.
Oregon: Increase— JJexter Sargent, Bay j
City, $6 to $8.
Washington: Original— Daniel P. H.
Lockhart. Spokane, $S; Robert Allen, |
Kelso, $*.
By direction of the Secretary of "War ,
the board of officers convened at the Pre- !
sidio of San Francisco for examination
of officers to determine their fitness for
promotion is hereby dissolved, and all or
ders, circulars, textbooks and examina
tion papers remaining in the possession
of the board will be returned to the War
Department.
Private "Willard J. Thomas, Battery I, ,
Third Artillery. Angel Island, Cal., and ;
Private Charles E. McPherson, Troop b,
Fourth United States Cavalry, Presidio
of San Francisco, will be discharged from
the service of tho United States by their
respective commanding officers.
The sick leave of absence granted First
Lieutenant F. L. Conkling. First North j
Dakota Volunteer Infantry, Department
of the Pacific, is extended three months
on account of sickness.
Private Orson A. Pattee, Troop M,
Fourth United States Cavalry, now at
the Presidio of San Francisco, is trans- ,
ferred to Company M. Twenty-third In
fantry, at that station.
Private Charles L. Cutler, Battery I,
Third United States Artillery, now at the j
Presidio. Is transferred to the Hospital
Corps as a private.
Sergeant Arthur E. Winter, Company
M, First New York Volunteer Infantry,
now at Honolulu, will be discharged the
service of the United States by the com- j
manding officer of his station.
Second class private Elvius C. Addel- 1
man. ordnance detachment. Benicia Bar
racks, Cal.. will be sent to the Army and
Navy General Hospital, Hot Springs.
Ark., reporting upon his arrival to the
commanding; officer for treatment in the
hospital.
Charles O. Lappeus has been appointed !
an inspector in the Custom-house at Port
land, Oregon, at $3 90 per day.
The Secretary of the Interior has is
sued an order patenting 597 acres of land
in The Dalles land district, Oregon, to |
The Dalles Mile Railroad.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission will hold an examination at Ta
coma. Wash., on December 3 for the po
sitions of watchman and fireman.
Bids were to-day opened at the War
Department for the extension of the wa
ter system at Puget Sound Naval Sta
tion at Bremerton, Wash. There were
only two bidders, Taylor & Young, Se
attle, $3987, and the Pacific Heat and
Power Company, Seattle, $3657 60. The
contract will be given to the latter firm,
as it was the lowest bidder. The amount
appropriated by Congress for this work
was $4007.
SANTA ROSA EDITOR
KILLED BY ACCIDENT
Grant O. Richards Found Mortally-
Wounded Back of the Skaggs
Springs Hotel.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 22. -Groat regret
was felt here to-day in all circles when
it was learned that Grant O. Richards,
editor of the Santa Rosa Press-Democrat,
and one of the most popular and pro
gressive citizens of this place, had shot
himself at Skaggs Springs.
About 11 o'clock this morning Mr. Rich
ards, who had boon at the Springs several
days was found on the porch of a house
Just back of the hotel bleeding from a
terrible wound In his face. It was found
that a portion of his face had been torn
away by the discharge of a shotgun. He
died" shortly after 11 o'clock to-night He
regained consciousness during the day
and stated that the weapon had been dis
charged by accident.
KAFFiRS REPULSED
IN THE TRANSVAAL
PRETORIA, Transvaal Republic, Oct.
22.— The Magato Kaffirs have been re
pulsed by the force of Burphcrs sent
against them. The Burghers chased them
Into the mountain?, killing several of the
natives The Burgher artillery did good
execution and the Transvaal forces met
with no loss. The fact that the natives
attacked the Burghers is regarded as a
declaration of. war.
TICK SAX FRANCISCO CALIi, SUISDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1898.
THE EMPORIUM. I
"Mind your ir?&''2Md 1 4g 9 when shopping!
Standard Makes White
Yard-Wide Muslin, such
as Fruit of Loom and
Lonsdale, soft finish (not
imperfect seconds, but
first-class), per yard.
Men's Furnishings.
Men's Flannelette Night Gowns,
heavy, soft-finished cloth, double yoke
and gathered back, extension neck
band, seams double sewed and gus-
setted. These garments are 56 Inches
long and very full cut, stripes and
checks, and very cheap at *< qq
The very latest novelties in high-
class neckwear— the silks the newest
products of the looms— artistic crea-
tions that while bold In color are
not vulgar or common. The shapes
are as strikingly original as the ma-
terials—prices 50c, 75c and.... *. j qq
'""English" Cape Walking Glove-
heavy, well cut and well -.* rr\
made— tans and reds • ?**? v
Boys' one- clasp Pique Walking
Gloves In red, tan, oxblood *< n/\
and brown, sizes 5* to 6^ .... *»«
Men's Colored Shirts, Madras and
Percales, latest stripe and check ef-
tects, made for comfort as well as
service, every detail carefully han-
dled, genuine value at $1 50, «•« r\r\
our price «J>*.UU
Cashmere and Worsted Socks-
black, tan, vicuna, gray and heather-
long fibre, soft yarn. We believe -_
they are superior value at -^C
Stetson's Hats.
The World Renowned John B. Stet-
son Hats, conceded to be the best hats
for men that are manufactured,
be had in all the latest shapes at the
big store at less than exclusive hat-
ters' prices. J
The Fa-
/<^"^\ mous Stet-
/c^ son Fedoras
/s>" \ in black,
<s. /5^ ""\\ -» pearl and
s /---^ X^^S newest
\^^=£-^^^^/ shades of
-^**^ brown, the
regular $5 hat, here for $4.50
The Famous Stetson Self-Con-
forming Flexible D:rby Hats, t . n
here for J*.OU
Our $1.85 Derby and Fedora
Hats, in all the most popular fall
blocks, are equal to any $2.50
hats in the market.
Drapery Goods
and Portieres.
We have purchased an entire
sample line of portieres — only
one pair of a kind— the newest
ideas in portieres, of course, for they
are the samples' that the traveling
agent used to make his sale — all are
great bargains at the prices we have
marked them —
$2 to $10 Pair.
Plain and figured Burlap, 36 inches
wide, all new patterns— per yard --.
Imitation Bagdad stripes, 36 inches
wide, printed both sides— per - n
yard zuc
Scotch Madras for Sash and long
Curtains, fast colors, 44 to 48 -_
inches wide— per yard <"C
Tapestry Table Covers, 6 feet
square, with heavy, knotted -.. —.
fringe, all colors— each «J>*.OU
Printed Double-faced Denims, 36
inches wide, 50 patterns and t7 ,
colorings— per yard - >^2^
% Linen Counter.
Bleached Table Damask, a splendid
heavy quality, fine of texture, solidly
woven, in pretty stylish de- t -..-
si?ns, lully 72 inches wide, yd. ■PJ.UU
Napkins to match, 24 inches *-» —
square, nicely hemmed, dozen >f>J.DU
Huck Towels, hemmed ends, neat
colored borders or all white, made
from fine flax, a good absorbent that
will wear well, size 19x39 &j r(\
inches, per dozen 4>Z.DU
Three Good Hf|C|prV
Boys' 2x2 ribbed black seamless
Cotton Bicycle Hose, best quality of
Egyptian Combed Cotton, extra
heavy and elastic, spliced heels ._
and toes— pair r.'":"": Z
Ladies' extra-heavy, black, double-
fleece Cotton Hose, high-spliced heels,
double soles and toes, a I black -^
or black with white feet— pair...
Ladies' two-thread prince Maco Co.-
ton Hose, Hermsdorf's fast stainless
black, natural gray sanitary cashmere
wool feet, high-spliced heels, en
double soles and toes-pair JV/t -
SPAIN MUST
ASSUME THE
CUBAN DEBT
No Concession Will Be
Granted.
gpeclal Dispatch to Ths Call.
NEW YORK. Oct. 22.— The Washing
tun correspondent of the Herald sends
the following:
"We have not modified our demand
that Spain shall relinquish the civil ad
ministration of Cuba on December 1.
We recognise, however, that it will be
a physical impossibility for her to with
draw 120,000 men by that time. We
are crowding her, however, and she will
withdraw from the island as soon as
possible."
This statement was made to me to
day by a high official of the adminis
tration, who is thoroughly familiar with
all the facts In the negotiations in pro
gress In Faris and Havana. It was
THE EMPORIUM. |
P.— Stands for prices — the lowest in town.
o.— Means quantities that have brought us renown.
There's no such thing in California to-day as lower prices for the same qualities of merchan-
dise that we sell. Make sure, first, that the quality is the same, and then compare our prices with
those you have been paying. Mind the "P's" and "Q's," and this store will always be your
trading place. ■ —
The names of the winners of the $250 for correctly estimating the number of words tn
our "tAd" in to-day's "Examiner" and "Chronicle" will be published in our announce-
ments Sunday, October 30th.
T ReaStZl Apparel for Men and Boys.
The business of this department has exceeded our most sanguine expectations. So large have the sales been that
our buyer has again been sent to New York to replenish the stock— his second trip In one season. This clothing busi-
ness Is growing on the great and strong power of superior excellence at lowest cost. We sell clothing in every way
equal to the work of exclusive merchant tailors at one-third let*
[jSlcU^
Crockery, Glassware and House-Furnishings.
Forty useful articles from the greatest bouse -furnishing stock in the West — at prices
which will appeal to all careful housekeepers.
Dust Pans— Ja-
\ panned tin...
.^K^jflja^-jS our Sifters—
iilWTfc Hunter's
~-4& ?*l*ljg7 best quality.
' Stove Brush,
' " Large size,
good bristles, with handle 10c
Chopping Bowl— i3-lnch round, wood-
en 12c
Turkey Feather Duster ßest quality,
io-inch 15c
Water Pails— B-quart
galvanized iron-lsc >QQv
Tin Teapot — With s*^ N
copper bottom and /[^^^^.^ \
wooden handle. 2sc m^ • '"^Nf
Chamber Palls — Lg=: s^!Ly
Painted tin, bail Hg? ' '^T/
handle and cover... I^. j^r /
Saucepan — 6-quart, \j^ ~~bA
granite steel, Berg . ■ I| dg*^>
lin srvle 39c
Ash Barrel— Galvanized iron $1.50
Rice Boiler— i^ quart, granite steel,
with enamel cover. 44c
Oil St o v c— The
<gQjg^s^fc».. Daisy, one- burner.
lf^sSnl Wash Tub— Galvan-
\vf%g&w& 'zed iron- 50c
l^Ggari Wash Boilers— Gal-
cL?Ji«|||!i vanized iron. ..85c
JS^jGS»> Hat Rack— Vienna
.^ I'lUBiA bent wood, with 5
\§>^^r^j3» hooks 85c
\t> Ironing Boards —
v->*-»^ jfp White wood, fold-
'"^^jr ing $1.50
The very best French Mixed Candy, the 50c kind, that we sell regu- rz^
larly for 35c a pound, special for Monday only at ,
Cameras.
Reliable Cameras from $2.50 to ten
times that amount — supplies of every
description at lowest prices. We do
developing and printing that pleases
the most fastidious.
The new Magazine Camera, Cy-
clone No. 1, complete with 12 plate
holders, and makes a picture -..- _-.
2^x2;^, for -~ v|>JOU
The Magazine Cyclone No. 2, com-
plete with 12 plate holders, and
makes a picture 3^x4.^, for... + ~.~.
The Magazine Cyclone No. 2, com-
plete with 12 plate holders, and
makes a picture 4x5, for t.i(\ ()(\
Store. P'ioMeraßCte.BskMwurr^l Store.
W Golden Icuie Bazaar.
evident from what he said that the ad
ministration feejs that from the con
duct of the commissioners representing
Spain at the Paris conference the Span
ish Government is doing all in its power
to gain delay and it is not proposed by
the United States to permit the nego
tiations to drag one moment longer
than is absolutely necessary.
The authorities feel that once Spain
relinquishes Cuba she will leavt* that
island as promptly as possible, and it
is this belief which induces them to
strongly press their demand that she
withdraw on December 1.
So far as the time for the departure
of the last of the Spanish troops is con
cerned I was told the United States
knows just what resources Spain pos
sesses and this Government will not un
necessarily crowd her in this respect.
It can be stated on authority that ab
solutely no progress was made at yes
terday's sitting of the American and
Spanish Commissioners in Paris.
Secretary Hay saw the President this
afternoon and briefly discussed the
situation with him and it is expected
that prompt action will be taken by the
American Commissioners on Monday as
the result of fresh instructions to be
gent to them.
"While some progress has been made
on the subject," said the official with
whom I talked, "it has not been very
much, and has been mainly for the
purpose of making the Spanish show
their hands. The order adopted for
the subjects to be considered by the
commissioners contemplated Cuba
first, Porto Rico second, Guam third
and the Philippines fourth and last. It
Is probable that the discussion concern
ing Porto Rico and Guam will not be
THE EMPORIUM. |
than their prices. Fit positively guaranteed.
THIS WEEK-MEN'S IMPORT-
ED WORSTED AND CASSIMERE
SUlTS— Guaranteed all wool-
cut in the very height of fash-
lon— finished In a first-class
manner with the best of trim-
mings.
Bound cut Bln»l»- breasted
sacks.
Square out double-breast-
ed sacks.
Cutaway frocks & Prince
Alberts.
Compare them with
those that you paid ?i8
and $20 for, and you'll
agree with us that they
are the best suits that
can be bought f0r.. 515
BOYS' VESTEE AND
REEFER SUlTS— "Stun-
ning styles"— for little
boys 3 to 8 years old —
made of all-wool fancy
Cheviots and Cassi-
meres — also In plain
black or blue cloth —
splendid value at $3.45
i^n^
BY EXPRESS— Our buyer sends us from New York six
styles of Sailor Suits and Reefer Coats that are absolutely new
and exclusive — some of the prettiest yet — they are marked
$$, $6.50 and $7-50.
Icecream Freezer — The peerless quad-
ruple, 2-quart $1.60
Infant's -.
Bath . — — "Ww
ity ' - — — *~~
painted tin 75c
Grand Clothes Wringer — The popular
make, with hardwood frame and
good rubber rollers $1.75
Carpet Sweepers — The celebrated
Bissell's $2.50
Decorated Porcelain Base Lamp, with
7-inch shade to match burner and
chimney 98c
Vase Lamps— ln delicate tints and
flower decorations,
with 10-inch shade, rim
polished brass oil pot J 'i||
and base, round 6o- \^f •
candle power burner. Jx^v.
complete $2.75 /*Mfcn\
Hall Lamps— rich KTyMiTV^^r)
gold finish, extension l\l\€t
chains and ruby glass
globe $1.70 J*HBl
Gas Globes — Amber £
or blue gtoss 40c Tc-'r, /- (
Onyx Top Tables— Pol- >£M£a£\
ished brass, ornately f<&ks&&jO\
decorated $3.25 Vrf"** Zj
Candlesticks — Pressed «^5 ■■
glass, with colored candle, heignt 9
inches 20c
Crystal Goblets— Thin blown, with
wreath engraving, set of 6 $1.25
Cracker Jar— Of fine China, decorat-
ed, many designs, at 90c
Cake Plate— Carlsbad China, with
open handles, pink or green, and
gold decorations .' 40c
Bleached Sheets.
Bleached Sheets, nicely made and
ready for use, a fine quality, of which
we have but two sizes and will not
renew when these are gone —
81x90 inches, 42k each.
90x90 inches, 45c each.
Blankets— Comforters
Fine White Blankets, the special
"Emporium" make, long staple
Oregon wool, size 64x80 * . __
inches, per pair 4>4./0
Comforters, covered in fine silkoline,
7x6 feet in size, filled with d<« 7£ -
comb»d white cotton, each >J>>./0
very prolonged, but the Philippines will
probably be drawn out as much as pos
sible by the Spaniards in the hope that
foreign intervention may be obtained
as the results of thp demands made by
the United States, and delay will, there
fore, be the object for which the Span
ish commissioners will continue to
strive.
SPANIARDS STRIVING
FOR A COMPROMISE
PARIS, Oct. 22.— The United States
Peace Commission held two sittings
to-day to consider the voluminous com
munication presented yesterday by the
Spanish commissioners.
This new proposition of the Span
iards looks to a compromise between
the refusal of the Americans to assume
any of the Cuban debt and the Spanish
claim that the United States should
assume it wholly.
The terms of yesterday's proposal are
obviously unknown save to the com
missioners. The American commission
ers will reply to the communication at
Monday's joint session and an extended
argument will then follow and will car
ry the matter possibly over to another
meeting. ______^_______
TWO RAILROADS
TO BE CONSOLIDATED
How Reorganization of the Union Pa
cific Will Effect Oregon Short
Line and the 0. R. and N.
SALT LAKE, Oct. 22.— 1t is stated here
THE EMPORIUM. |
MEN'S KERSEY OVERCOATS—
Kersey is to be the leading
overcoat fabric for another
season. The coats that we
offer this week are real Ker-
sey — the firmly woven smooth
finished glossy fabric
so stylish and becom-
ing to most men — they
are cut in short and
medium lengths — have I
wide silk velvet col-
lars — lined with heavy
triple warp Farmer's
satin or fancy woolens
and worsteds. These
guaranteed satisfac-
tory coats
....:.. ..$12.50 and $15
Boys' Knee Pants Suits.
Our leader, the celebrated
"Reciprocity" suits, dou-
ble breasted "mannish'"
coats; the beat fitting
boys' suit mad©: mate-
rials absolutely all wool
and fast In color: we
show a dozen different
styles and fabrics; sizes
for boys 8 to 16 years.. ss
Flower Vases — Pressed glass, 12 inches
high, a tine Imitation of cut glass...
 , 38c
Dinner Set — Carlsbad China, daintily
decorated with violets, gold edge,
100 pieces, for 12 persons $24.70
Dinner Set— Semi-porcelain, decorated,
with border of pink and yellow
roses, gold edge, 103 pieces, for 12
persons $16.90
Jardinieres— s-inch royal blue and
gold 63c
Cuspidors — Neat Stockton pottery
ware. c
Beer Mugs — German blue Mett-
lachs, with metal covers 55c
Slop Jars— Large English, decorated..
.. * $1.50
Cup, Saucer and Plate— Tinted China,
tancy edge 50c
y^ — , , Mush Set —
m^F\£rzrJv O f pretty
C^lt = /f%\ // decorated
j r *j iS5i Ja. \v/ China,
shape ' like
s*M £&£? SPs!?w} picture. 3Bc
s^JZ^^Lp^fT)) Bread and
<Ce ~^^^^gjA -j-J Plates-
*"" *^=^ Plates-
Gold edge, decorated China, set
of 6 63 C
qfiOZL Underwear.
Ladies' Heavy Fleece-lined Combi-
nation Suits — the kind that button
across the shoulder — or ..
ecru color — each 4Uc
Ladies' Australian Wool -mixed
Vests and Pants — patent finished
seams and silk bound — excellent fit-
ting garments and wearing qualities
guaranteed — natural gray only — _
sizes from 28 to 46— per garment 75c
Ladles' Pure Lambs' Wool Vests
and Pants — garments that are made
of the softest fiber wool — pants either
string bands or buttoned on the side
— white or natural color sizes from
28 to 46— per garment * . __
I $1.25
that the expected reorganization of the
Union Pacific, the Oregon Short Line and
the Oregon Railway & Navigation Com
panies will have the effect of consolidat
ing: the Short Line and the Oregon Hallway
& Navigation concern into one system
to be operated from Portland. Or In
quiry at the peneral offices of the Short
Line brotipht out the statement that this
Is what has been expected all along- by
____^_^_^^ ADVERTISEMENTS. ,__
fIM'AINLESS DENTISTRr7.
Jf ' Id Sensitive, Dead and Aching Teeth, (I
*// We give a special treatment which PREVENTS pain in filling I'l
It or any future trouble of the teeth filled or crowned by us. L I
/ PAINLESS EXTRACTION-A SPECIALTY. 7J
/ . .LOWEST PRICES FOR FIRST-CLASS WORK. . / V
% Teeth without plate, per tooth from JJI.SO
1 Plates with free extraction from #4.Ji<> \
\ Gold fillings from Tsc m
>\ Silver fillings from 25c | M
1 ALL WORK \A/MRR/\ISTED. f
-'£/-. OPEN EVENINGS AND SUNDAYS. - 1
\ METROPOLITAN DENTAL PARLORS, jv
A Over Cafe Zlnkand. 817 MARKET STREET. Fifth Floor. Elevator. I . %
THE EMPORIUM.
A magnificent line of <t
Imported All-Wool Travel- j
ing Shawls, comprising
all the new plaids and ♦
solid color effects, from J
$4.50 to $20 each. | *
The Cornet GJoves. i
We sell glove orders — can be *
made out for any amount. Gloves
are always appropriate and accept- *
able gifts this is the way to pre- *
sent them when you don't know the ♦
si^e and color. *
Ladies' 2-clasp Black Suede Gloves
with white two-toned knotted em- <%/
broidery, the latest, all sizes, <£•« nn ♦
fitted and guaranteed— pair.... 4>*.UU «
Ladies' 2-clasp Walking Gwves — ♦
red, new blues, new greens, browns, *
tans, modes, also Black and White; 5,
all sizes, will not rip, fitted d. « nn <
and guaranteed — per pair vJU.UU
Ladies' 2-clasp Real Kid Gloves <$>
(light weight), new reds, new blues, ♦
new greens, browns, tans, modes, also ♦
Black and White; all sizes, fitted and *
guaranteed— our leader— at.... *' oc - *
$I.ZD J
Ladies' 3-clasp Real Kid Gloves, «g.
"The Premiere," in all the new fancy
and staple colors, latest style em- i&
broiJered backs, all j-izes, no better <'
glove made, fitted and guar- -, __. "!!
anteed 4>i.DU <
Novelties in Neckwear. S
Blouse Fronts, exquisite exclusive *
styles, to be worn with tailor suits ,g
and for evening dress, Taffeta and
Liberty silk, with pretty stock collars, «i
in varied assortment of color- *^ -.« «|
ings, including cream 4>Z.UU ♦
Velvet Stock Collars, ail -- *
colors 25c J
Satin or Silk Corded Stock _ n 2
Collars — 3UC 5
Black Liberty Silk Neck Ruches <£>
or Collarettes, with ribbon * . nrv >«
ends $1.00 «
Moderate prices for very best grades. ♦
Ostrich Boas _. *
and Collar- g
cttes-We (^^ v ;^S? |
carry only the *Wz%&Jz£^ «
highest grades tffc%^^*S-& ! C& "♦
that we can in W&\~^^s*^st&b ♦
every way %>>J^^^E^r^ijjr ♦
guarantee. l^^^^^t^) *
Collarettes — f.^ %
$5.00 and A/^-«. - y^tXt I
Bo $6.00. v %^W^? L> '
Boas- £ Wi^^iiC 2
$10.00, 1
$12.50 (i^# I
and "ip
$15.00. ■%. S
Bibles JS, !
A lot of Beautifully Printed and
Bound Bibles, bought at a sacrifice, go <§.
this week at half price. 4
Genuine Oxford Teachers' Bibles, ♦
levant Morocco, kid lined, silk sewed, <*
Divinity Circuit, minion type — *
$9.00 edition $4.50
$5.00 edition $2.50 *
$3.75 edition $1.88 2»
$2.50 paper lined $1.25 4
$1.50 paper lined 75c <4
Bibles for Children, all In extra 4"
fine bindings— ♦
$2.50 editions $1.25 *
$2.00 editions $1.00 *
$1.75 editions 88c *
$1.50 editions 75c *
Postage extra.
Monday Grocery and *
and ' . <#
Tuesday Liquor Specials. *
Ghirardelli's Cocc3, i-ib tins, regu- £
larly 45c, Monday and Tuesday An ■%
4UC <gj
Best Liverpool Salt, 50-lb sacks, <
regularly 50c, Monday and Tues- -_ *
day 3 /c I
New pack whole Pineapple, 3-I0 7
tins, regularly 25c, Monday and fJ ,
Tuesday * Oc <
Quaker Oats, 2lb packages, m *
Monday and Tuesday only *UC -*
Heinz's Pickles, regularly 33c -> 7 *
bottle, Monday and Tuesday x/C v|
Domestic Stout— well liked by all *
who have tried it— regularly $1 25
dozen— Monday and Tuesday.... Qo
yyc ,5
"Angelica Wine, very nice, regularly «
$1 50 gallon, Monday and *< nA <
Tuesday :J>*-UU *
Keegan's Scotch and Irish Whiskey *
("we think it as good as Burkes"), 2
regularly f 1 bottle, Mor.day and R _ <
Tuesday ••■••••• o/c ♦
Safety Bourbon Whiskey, quart «
bottles, regularly Si, Monday ft - «
and Tuesday °^C *
American Malt Whiskey, full quarts J
"ours if it don't please you"— regu- *
larly $1 bottle, Monday and -._
Tuesday o/c >«
2-L^
the officials of the road.
One who 1b well posted in the secrets
of the Union Pacific said that the rumor
was woll founded, and ma.lv the further
statement that in less than one year the
same combination would control the < en
tral Pacific Railroad as well, and tha
the mf-etiiiKS In this city and the election
of the Union Fnrlne officials on the Short
Line b.<ard were only the beginning of
tho working: out of a design that will be
far-reachlnp in Its effect.
56
SUM'A V OCTOBER 23, 1808
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PLBLKATION^OFFICE Ma«ket and Third Sts.. &f.
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 221 Stcven»on Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE 6AN FRANCI«CO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) l»
6erved by carriers In tbls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
66 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE *» Broadway |
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. CJ OFFICE Rlfifie Hou»*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marqucttc Building i
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay.
op«n until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 tiayes street, open until ;
9:30 o'clock.. 621 McAllister street, open until 930
O'clock- 615 Larkjn street, open until 9:30 o'clock- ;
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock.- 2291 Market
Street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o 'clock.- 2SIS
Mission street. op«n until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
•treet. open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk, street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-««cond ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin — "love In Harness."
Columbia— "By the Sad Sea Waves."
California Theater— "The Span of Life."
Alcazar— "The Wife."
Morosco's— "Straight Prom the Heart."
Ttvoll— "The Circus Queen."
Orphenim— Vaudeville.
New Comedy Theater— "Where's Matilda?"
The Chutes— Lillian Stewart, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Glen Park— The Mission Zoo.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Sutro's Baths— Swimming.
Sherman - Clay Hall— Concert Monday Evening.
Sherman - Clay Hall— Entertainment Thursday Evening.
Coursing— lngleslde Coursing Park.
Metropolitan Temple— Concert Thursday Evening, October 27.
Rosenthal — in February.
A VALUABLE LETTER.
ATTENTION is called to a letter by "A Plain
Citizen." It appears in this issue, and, though
long, is full of interest. No more lucid dis
cussion of issues .has been projected into this cam
paign. It is fitted to open the eyes of the followers
of Phelan as well as to confirm the advocates of Pat
ton in the wisdom of their choice.
ThjE PRESIDENT'S SPEECHES.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY, during his tour
through the Mississippi Valley to attend the
Omaha Exposition and the Peace Jubilee at
Chicago, has delivered a series of speeches that
strikingly illustrate his happy faculty of saying the
right thing at the right time with sufficient force to
impress the hearer and in the fewest possible words.
Ex-President Harrison, during his administration.
proved himself to be the greatest master of the art of
short speech making in the country. His superiority
in that respect over any of his predecessors in office
was so great it was believed he would hardly have a
rival in this generation. It now appears, however,
that McKinley may equal him. Certainly the Pre-i
dent lias learned how to say notable things with
brevity, and many of his addresses during the last few
days are as excellent in their way as anything spoken
by Mr. Harrison.
The highest achievement in the way of a short
speech in the annals of American oratory was that of
Lincoln at Getl ■ 'hat orati :r, stands
alone among Mr. Lincoln's brief addresses. He never
made another at all equal to it. It was an inspiration
due as much to the gre:.r I asion and the
intensity of the cris ;asto 1 genius oi the orator.
The short speeches of Harrison and McKinley have
not been of tJ tional kind. They have been
delivered at all times, at all ~"rts of places
and on all sorts of occasions, and their merit lies not
in the extraordinary fervor and glow of any particular
one, but in th - :eral excellence of all.
It is notable that throughout all the speeches made
during hi< tour the President, while speaking directly
to the issues which now concern the country, has
said nothing of a partisan nature in relation to home
politics, nor anything diplomatically unwise with ref
erence to foreign affairs. They have been thoroughly
Republican and thoroughly American, and yet they
have contained not one word offensive to either Dem-
ocrats or Spaniards
The tone of all the speeches has been one of lofty
patriotism. The President has exulted in noble
words over the restoration of a common loyalty in all
sections of the Union, ha? paid a deserved tribute to
the men who in the army and navy fought the battles
of the nation, and has recalled to the attention of the
people the blessings they now enjoy in the speedy re
turn of peace after a successful war in the interests nf
liberty and humanity.
One point made in many of these addresses is de
serving of particular attention at this time. After re
minding the people "we have pretty much everything
in this country to make it happy: we have good
money, ample resources, unquestioned national
credit," he said: "People who think alike in a coun
try like onrs must act together. At this critical hour
in the nation's history we must not be divided. The
triumphs of war are yet to be written in the articles
of peace "
In that «hort statement is the moral of the political
situation. This i* no time for people who think alike
on great issues to be divided on smaller ones. Let
us act together.
There will be no worldwide sympathy for the
Vienna physic-inns who have died of bubonic plague
contracted by monkeying wiili the microbes of the
malady. They had no ris;ht to introduce the frightful
and incurable ailment into Tf the experiments
they were making were necessary, at least they should
have been conducted far from the haunts of men.
France may soon have so much trouble of her own
on hand as to cease trying to settle our affair with
Spain. But when she has acquired the trouble the
Government of the United States will go right along
attending to its own business.
Two love-lorn swains have been threatening death
to the women who had too much sense to marry
them. Perhaps the political adherents of Phelan arc
keeping the foolkiilcr so busy .that this apparent neg
lect is inevitable.
Secretary Long of the navy refused to rebuke an
officer who was heard to swear at a critical moment.
His act leads to the conclusion that the winning of a
sea-fight is as important a function as the driving of
mules.
There are plenty of people here to fill creditably all
the available offices. For this reason carpet-bagging
is not a profitable industry.
HEARST'S "MALICE AND MALIGNITY*
CONTRACT.
Till-; CALL has published the text of the con
tract which Hearst compelled the Southern Pa
cific to make with him.
In all the history of crime there is not a parallel
case. In that contract it is stipulated that for thirty
months Hearst will not treat the Southern Pacific by
"malicious attack or misrepresentation," and that he
will only publish "such criticisms (of the Southern
Pacific) as may be found necessary to keep and main
tain the confidence of the public (in the Examiner)."
Let everj- citizen read this carefully and consider
what it means. It is Hearst's confession that, unless
he was paid to abstain, his treatment of the Southern
Pacific would be "malicious misrepresentation * *
from motives of malice or malignity."
As every lawyer knows, and every business man
understands, in a contract by which one party agrees
for a money consideration to abstain from doing cer
ium things, that abstention is the consideration he
gives. In a contract between two parties each must
bring a consideration. Hearst brought to this con
tract as his consideration the promise not to be a liar
and a blackguard toward the Southern Pacific for
the space of thirty months. To restrain himself as a
liar and blackguard for that length of time he thought
was worth $30,000. The Southern Pacific, as the
other party to the contract, looked into his ability as
a liar and blackguard, weighed and measured his
capacity for "malice and malignity," and concluded
that immunity from his lying and blackguardism, his
malice and malignity, was worth $30,000, and agreed
to pay it. These are the cold facts written into that
contract. It is an advertisement that Hearst used
his capacity as a liar and blackguard to extort money.
In certain districts in the Orient robber bandits live
in the mountains and raid the peaceful people of the
valleys, murdering them and stealing their property,
kidnaping their women and holding them for a ran
som. In those districts there has grown up the cus
tom of making contracts with the chief of these
thieves, under which, by paying a certain sum of
money to him, the raids cease.
In this case the robber brings to the contract as his
consideration his capacity to steal and murder, and
agrees for a fixed sum to suspend for an agreed time
the use of that capacity. The people of the exposed
district figure up the losses of property and life he has
caused, and conclude that immunity from like losses
for the period fixed is worth the price, and they pay
it. Can any one discover any difference in the prin
ciple of such a contract and the one Hearst forced
uthern Pacific to make?
The two contracts, in another aspect, differ ma
terially. Hearst had played the Examiner to got public
confidence in it as an anti-railroad organ. This con
fidence he was abusing by "malicious attack and mis
representation" from a "motive of malice or ma
lignity," because by being a liar and blackguard
toward the Southern Pacific he could create a public
prejudice very dangerous to that corporation. Un
less the public confidence was given to his paper his
agreement to cea"=e being a liar and blackguard for
thirty months would be of less value. Therefore the
Southern Pacific, like any other contracting party de
sirous of getting value received for its money, stipu
lated with Hearst and he agreed that the Examiner
might indulge in enough criticism of the railroad "to
keep and maintain the confidence of the public." In
this respect Hearst's contract is unique. Having se
cured the public confidence that his lying and black
guardism, his "malice and malignity," were truthful
and genuine expressions of sound sentiment against
the railroad, he stipulated for permission to publish
innocuous criticism to deceive the public, while he
pocketed the ransom of $.}o.ooo paid lor suspension
of his lying and blackguardism.
So, in all of its aspects, this contract stands as a
piece of unique scoundrelism. It is a confession by
Hear-t that his preceding attacks on the Southern
Pacific had been "malicious misrepresentation * *
from a motive of malice or malignity." It is a bar
gain made by Hearst that he should pocket $30,000
of Southern Pacific money for which "the company
is to enjoy immunity * * from malicious misrepre
sentation * * from motives of malice or malign
it}." while at the sanie time retaining the public con
fidence by pretending to be anti-railroad!
It is as if the robber chief should feel that ceasing
to raid the settlement winch paid him to abstain
would injure his reputation as a thief and murderer,
and so make him less formidable to other settlements
that had not come to terms, and therefore he would
stipulate for the right to steal a kid and kill a child
or two!
There were other corporations, perhaps the Spring
Valley Water Company, and wealthy business men
who had not been despoiled yet, and Hearst desired
to retain public confidence in his paper in order that
he might force these to purchase the right to "enjoy
immunity" from his ability as a liar and a blackguard
and make them enter into such contracts as he forced
out of the Southern Pacific.
This fellow indulges in personalities in his paper,
but it is only because the persons abused have not
seen fit to pay him not to be a liar and blackguard.
He should understand that he cannot get any more
money in this community by posing as a scoundrel,
for the experience of the Southern Pacific with him
proves that he is a scoundrel who will not stay
bought. When he becomes sufficiently annoying to
justify it his victims will punish him judicially, or
condignly, but nobody will be fool enough to buy him
again.
THE REFORM MENAGERIE.
AS a reform collection it must be said that Mayor
Phelan's job-chasers are turning out rank
failures. They are making an especially sorry
figure in this campaign because they are all mostly
professional purists who base their claipis to public
consideration on the proposition that they are more
honest, more moral and more respectable than other
men. Indeed, many of them have for years criticized
men and measures in this city on the theory that dis
honesty and corruption were the rule, and that noth
ing would ever go right until they were allowed to
direct affairs.
By virtue of the power vested in him by the Dem
ocratic State Committee, Mayor Phelan has now
placed the whole brood of loud-mouthed purists be
fore the people, including himself, the most blatant
and loud-mouthed of the lot. This has given the
press a chance to scrutinize them, and a choice collec
tion of reformers they are proving to be. The Mayor
is already on record as a violator of the purity of
elections act. He uses a "sack" in politics and then
swears that he has expended a trifle. Barclay Hen
ley, the "Sword of Damocles,"' has been shown up
as a traitor to his country, who in the hour of its
trouble left it and swore allegiance to a foreign po
tentate — an act so cowardly and discreditable that
even thirty-three years after the event one is amazed
that its perpetrator should dare come before the peo
ple as a candidate for office.
Five of Phelan's Supervisors have been shown to
be colonizers. Registrar Biggy has cited them to ap
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1898.
pear and explain their false registration. Phelan's
Public Administrator has turned out to be a carpet
bagger, and perhaps also guilty of fraudulent regis
tration. It is well known that his candidate for City
and County Attorney is a carpet-bagger, and that his
candidate for Auditor came near being indicted by
the Grand Jury for failing to account for public
money while occupying the office of Tax Collector
years ago.
We have not had time to scan the entire list of
colonizers, carpet-baggers, traders, frauds and fakers
nominated by Phelan, and probably the limits of this
campaign will not afford us the time. But sufficient
has transpired to show the people that the Mayor's
"reform" combination is a delusion and a snare. His
entire ticket is made up of office-seekers — kickers,
bolters, sandlotters, Populists, alleged Democrats and
others who have for years been playing to the gal
leries in this city in the hope that they might some
time acquire a reputation for "honesty" which would
procure for them a nomination and an office.
The question for voters to answer is this: Can
these leopards at this late day change their spots?
Do men who colonize, register falsely, or who violate
the purity laws intend to render the public honest
service in office? In other words, are these so-called
purists seeking office for the good they can do or are
they inaugurating a vast scheme of pelf and power?
NATURALLY this paper feels a degree of ela
tion at the decision of Judge Troutt that the
\Vc!ls-Fargo Express Company must pay the
war tax levied by the Government. The corporation
has steadily refused to accept its share of the burden,
and its good President, Mr. Valentine, has quoted
Scripture in support of the contention that while
others must pay his company was exempt. As there
was neither in law nor justice any ground for this
contention, The Call took the liberty of remarking
to that effect. Now the company has been defeated,
the fallacy of its plea judicially exposed, and yet we
refrain from saying, "We told you so," although we
did.
It was on advice printed in these columns that Mr.
Costley brought suit to compel the company to trans
mit a package on which he was willing to pay the
tolls, but to which lie declined to affix the stamp
which Congress had specifically declared must be
affixed by the company. Before Justice Barry Costley
was victorious, and an appeal to the Superior Court
resulted in the sustaining of the Barry decision. That
there could be no other result was an advance con
clusion.
There remains to the company now the privilege
of appeal only on technical point-, or it may conclude
to be honest and abide by the statutes. Sooner or later
it must follow the latter course, delay being the only
solace for which it can hope. Whichever method
may be pursued, there is nothing to prevent President
Valentine from issuing more circular?, to the joy of
his own heart, counseling his employes to exact
tribute from patrons only in a genteel way, tn be
ever courteous, so as not to let the public know it is
being robbed, and to remember that an honest man
is not only the noblest work of God. but ornaments
the executive chair and inspire* an express company
to fatness of dividend.
AS the voters of the Fifth Congressional Dis
trict have re-elected Mr. Loud to each succes
sive Congress since 1890, it is not likely they
will defeat him now that his ripened experience and
high prestige in the House have rendered his sen
of more value than ever. In fact, the most gratifying
reports come from all parts of the district giving
promise of the largest majority he lias ever received.
Mr. Load's career has been one o! steady sin
attained by honest and useful work in fulfillment of
every duty intrusted to him. Born in Massachusetts,
he came to California while yet a boy, arriving here in
the spring of 1862. With the loyalty of a true pa
triotism, he at once put aside all thoughts of ad
vancing his own fortunes at that time of peril to the
Union, and enlisted for the war in the California Cav
alry battalion, which was afterward merged with the
Second Massachusetts Cavalry. He remained in the
service until August, 1865, being with the Army of the
Potomac and with Sheridan in Shenandoah Valley.
The fidelity and the courage which he proved dur
ing the war in fulfilling the duties of a patriot soldier,
he has since conspicuously shown in all the respon
sibilities of life, He has made his way upward by
steady degree?, and has merited each successive ad
vancement in public life by the honesty and efficiency
of his service at every point in his career.
It was by the good work done and the reputation
achieved in the Legislature, in the Tax Collector's
office and in the general business of his private life
that he laid the foundation of that popular esteem
which won for him his election to Congress in 1890
over so strong a competitor as General Clunie, who
had carried the district two years before.
With his election to Congress Mr. Load's oppor
tunity came. He at once took rank among the mem
bers of the House who go there to work for the na
tion and their constituents and not to make speeches
and acquire a reputation for oratory. Having been
assigned to the Committee on Postoffices and Post
Roads, he made himself master of the subject, and
soon became recognized as an authority on all mat
ters relating to the postal service. His abilities and
his industry received their reward by his appointment
by Speaker Reed to the chairmanship of the com
mittee, and as a consequence he now holds one of the
most important positions in the House and is recog
nized as an established leader on the Republican side,
one of the trusted lieutenants of the great Speaker.
Throughout his career at Washington Mr. Loud
has been a potent factor in promoting the interests of
California and of his district in all matters where such
interests are affected by legislation. A thorough pro
tectionist and a consistent sound money man, he has
been a stalwart supporter of all the far-reaching poli
cies of the Republican party for the upbuilding of the
prosperity of the nation. He has, moreover, provided
for many reforms and improvements in the postal
system. Conspicuous among these is the extension
of rural mail delivery, an improvement whose bene
fits are now strikingly illustrated by the extent to
which the system has been put into operation in
Santa Clara Valley.
The people of California need at Washington men
of experience and of influence. It is only by long
continued service in the House or in the Senate that
men acquire there the rank of leadership and the
ability to be of great service to their States and their
constituents. It would be a blunder of the worst kind
for the people of the Fifth District to set aside Mr.
Loud for an untried man. but, fortunately, it is a
blunder the intelligent voters of the district are not
going to commit.
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald professes to be
ing a resident of only two counties, but probably he
is willing to live in the rest of them if by doing so lie
can get nearer to a job.
WELLS-FARGO DEFEATED.
CONGRESSMAN LOUD.
WHICH BOSS IS THE MORE DANGEROUS?
Dear Sir- Every election Is a call to American citizens to consider their
rights. Every time they face the ballot box they are bound to think upon
their duties. I do not write for those to whom an election is the way to a
fat place. I do not write for those to whom an election is the satisfaction of
ambition. I write for the plain citizen, who has no political office in sight.
I write for the ordinary voter whose power is in his vote and whose ambi
tion is satisfied when that vote is honestly counted.
To the ordinary citizen, to you and to me, the time before election must
be a time for thought. There are men who move in herds like sheep. They
may be left out of account. There are men who are drilled in squads,
in companies, in battalions. They may be set to one side. The plain citizen
follows no man's lead and takes no man's orders. His vote is his own. It is
as personal to him as his thoughts, his wishes. When he casts it he desires
that it should be cast in accordance with reason. Therefore before he casts
it he is bound to think.
Here we enjoy the political heritage that our fathers won. They
swinked and sweated and bled for it. We use it in peace. We are free. The
government is on our shoulders. We can elect whom we please; we can
make what laws we please. We bow to one ruler, the will of the people
expressed in the voice of the majority.
For these reasons the manner in which our political heritage Is admin
istered depends upon us.
WE ARE NOT MINORS UNDER GUARDIANS.
We are men and we carry on our own affairs. The Government is not
for the benefit of others, but for our benefit. We do not pay taxes in order
that some men may wear titles and other men draw salaries. We pay taxes
that our property may be protected, that our persons may be secure, tnat
our children may be educated, that the common conveniences of civilization
may not be wanting to our lives. The Government, politics, the btate, tne
nation, all exist for the plain people, for you and for me, for our use and tor
Hence it behooves the. plain people to look shnrpb' to their own inter
ests. It was said to them of old time, "no matter how kings may quarrel, tne
people suffer," but we have changed all that. We have made a Government
of the people and by the people and for the people, and if we are true to our
selves we Bhall not permit the quarrels of politicians to work us wrong.
Therefore before election day it is the bounden duty of the P l£ *in people
to think and to think seriously of their own interests. I should simply
waste my time should I try to prove that the politicians will give you and
me very little thought after election. If anything is to be done the time to
do it is now. If the plain people wish to protect their interests they must
now consider what their interests arc. Now la the time to see straignt.
Now is the time to think seriously. The day is at hand when you and l must
act without fear of party displeasure or of political wrath.
To the plain citiz'-n the present municipal campaign is of no small im
portance. After all municipal politics touch his interests— your interests
and my interests— more closely than national politics. By the results or
the municipal campaign are decided the tax levy, the services rendered
by public officials, the condition of our streets, the credit of our city and
to no small extent the conduct of our schools, the efficiency of the police
force and the worth of the lire department. For which reasons the plain
citizen shquld not let the municipal campaign pass by without thought. It
is for him and his, that is, for you and me, the most important thing in the
world of politics Just now.
THE PRESENT MUNICIPAL CAMPAIGN
Presents some strange features which demand -earnest and concentrated
attention from the plain people. Above the din of the candidates, each
proclaiming hie own virtues, la heard the persistent cry of boss, boss. No
matter how loud the thundering of the captains that note of alarm soars
above it all. No matter how confused the shouting, like the strident tones
of the steam whistle over the discordant braying of the horns on New
Year's eve rides triumphant the note, boss, boss.
What is the boss? Men who live together influence one another. Like
the stones in the bed of the stream or the pebbles on the seashore they
are rounded and polished by mutual friction. Some men have the power
of influencing others. They impress their opinions on others. They have
a certain magnetism which draws others to them. This is true in every
department of life. It is a fact. It does not help us to quarrel with it.
Plain people like you and me do not butt their heads against stone wails.
In politics there are men who Influence others. Some have a natural
turn for political affairs. They think politics, they talk politics, they dream
politics they do politics. They have either talent, or what is the same
thing industry and they give their time, their thought, their labor to
political questions. Naturally they gain a following. People look to them
for arguments, for objections, for Information, for light, for leading. It
makes little difference where or how the questions are discussed— over
steam beer in a .saloon, over the wine and walnuts of a club. The process
Is the sani". One 'lass of men gathers round the oracle of the corner gro
cery another class is swayed by the periods of the orator reproduced in
the' morning paper. The result Is identical. One man is a leader. Other
men are his followers.
IN POLITICS THE LEADER IS
Commonly known as the boss. The popular idea of a boss is that he masses
tea as a contractor masses Chinese. The popular idea is erroneous in
details. Th ■ boss Is a leader because of his talents and industry, and he
holds his followers by the same human forces of love, fear, interest, ambi
tion gratitude, resentment or revenge that hold all other bodies of men
together. The leader may be honest or dishonest, with principle or with
out it Some try to draw a distinction between a leader and a boss. It
is a distinction without a difference. The boss is a boss because he is a
leader. The leader is a leader because he is a boss.
There can be no doubt that the cry of anti-boss is a popular cry. So
many crimes, outrages, indecencies Have been charged against the boss
that' the people are stirred to indignation at the very name. But again
lei us face facts. As long as men nrv men there must be bosses. There
may be good busses or there may be bad bosses; but bosses there must
be. The plain man recognizes facts when lie sees them. You and I are
not given to the practice of holding on to the moon by our teeth.
This being so. the question that the plain people, you and I, must an
swer is, how ar>- we to cut down the power of the boss so that he may
not endanger our Interests? Luckily experience has solved the problem
for us. After all, what is a king but a boss? He is the leader of his
people. This continent has spewed out kings. We have in these United
States taken the stand that no man shall lead us except the man we choose
tO follow.
BUT BEHOLD THE DANGER.
Having once chosen to follow a man, he may compel us to follow him
when we have tired of him. What remedy have we? We elect our
leaders for Bhort terms. We divide and subdivide their power, so that no
one man shall have too much of the moat on which Caesar grew so great.
We Jealously define and guard the limits of offices and of official power.
Thus as far as man's ingenuity can go. we prevent any one man from ob
taining SO much power that he can compel the people to follow him
whether they « 111 or no.
Hut the boss tries to render these checks and guards useless by filling
offices with his creatures. Thus he sums up in himself the power that
belongs to all. Against such methods we have but one remedy. The plain
people try to preserve their rlgnt to their own opinion. Each voter is
made free and Independent. His ballot is so protected that it is marked in
freedom, deposited In safety and counted with justice. The plain citizen
is thus saved from the compulsion of following any leader. Our trust is
placed in that tendency of human nature which multiplies opinion. We
do everything in our power to preserve and increase diversity of opinion,
and there/ore to add to the number of leaders. The more leaders we
have the greater the liberty of choice and the less danger there is that
we shrill be compelled to follow any one particular boss.
The safety, therefore, of the plain people, your safety and mine, con
sists not in the elimination of bosses, for that is impossible, fend plain
people like y<>u and me are not striving after the impossible. It consists
in the increase in the number of bosses and In the consequent diminution
of their power. The ideal condition of affairs would be. every man his
own boss. But the plain citizen is not such a fool as to look for ideal con
ditions on this old earth. He takes the best thing practicable and the
best thing practicable in the case of bosses is "the more the merrier."
WE ALL SEE THAT ONE BOSS
With twelve thousand votes is a far greater evil than five or six bosses
with two thousand votes apiece. The small bosses act as a check, one on
the other. None of them is powerful enough to act alone. In order to
gain more strength they are willing to pay Borne attention to the inter
ests of the plain citizen, to your interests and to mine. They need your
vote and my vote, and to gain our votes they will respect our rights.
Even when they combine they are subject to violent explosions and erup
tions, and the long experience of the race has been crystallized in the say
ing, "When thieves fall out, honest men come by their own."
One of the chief objections to the boss comes from the charge that he
is for sale. Bosses sell out. Behind every anti-boss campaign lies this
charge. Bosses make money by doing politics. Now the plain citizen
knows that it is inevitable that money will be corruptly given and corrupt
ly taken in politics. Your interest and my interest is not to lament this
state of affairs. We might as well deplore the rise and fall of the tides.
our interest is to cut down the amount of money thus given as far as pos
sible. You and I, in the long run. pay the bribe, no matter who is the
briber. In the end it comes out of your pocket and out of mine. Our
Interest therefore is to decrease the sum. The less we have to pay the
better for us.
rnMI'KTITION PULLS DOWN PRICES.
The more bosses we have In the market the cheaper it will be to buy
them. Bosses come high when they form a trust. Where bosses are many
a trust is Impossible. one might as well try to form a trust among a
pack of hungry dogs for the proper division of a bone.
Hut be it understood there are grades among bosses. There are big
bosses and little bosses. The little bosses control fifty or a hundred votes;
the big bosses control twenty or thirty little bosses. When the plain eiti
aen thinks of bosses he thinks of the big ones. The men who can cast a
few thousand votes are the men who can decide elections. It is the num
ber of the big bosses that must needs be Increased if the Interests of you
and of me are to be safejguarded.
Hut— and here is the most portentous feature of this campaign— a big
ger boss may arise to com ml even the big bosses. The bosses whom the
people fear are for sale. A leader may arise with means to buy them all.
When Mr. Fay. Mayor Phelan's man, a few days ago walked up and down
his office in agitation, as he learned how the tide was setting against his
master, and said, "We have millions; we can buy Huckley and Rainey rind
Kelly and < 'rimming and the rest of them," he put in concrete terms the
fear which must never be absent from the mind of the plain citizen. It
may be that Mr. Fay's enemies Invented the expression. Whether they
did or not it describes a danger — which is the greater menace to the plain
citizen, to you and to me, the nine or ten co-ordinate bosses or the boss
that can buy them all?
MR. PHELAN IS THE ACKNOWLEDGED BOSS
Of his own party. He has devoured or expelled all the other bosses. He
reigns alone. His friends glory in the fact. The Committee of One Hundred
was his creation. The majority obeyed his beck and call. He has nominated
his lieutenants for every office save one or two insignificant posts. If his
ticket is elected he Will control the whole city government. He makes no con
cealment of his aim. He wants men who will support his policy, which is
only another way for saying men who will do his bidding. He is, therefore,
tht acknowledged boss of the local Democracy. If what he says about the
other bosses be true they are purchasable. Which is more dangerous to the
plain citizen, to you and to me — the nine or ten secondary' bosses or the boss
that can buy them all?
But, It is objected, Mr. Phelan is working for the good of the city. He
has made a good Mayor; he will if he obtains supreme power eiva us good
government. He is 80 rich that he has
no need to steal. our taxes will go
down; our revenues will be honestly ex
pended.
Let us suppose for a moment that Mr.
Phelan is all he claims to be and that
he. will do all that he promises to do.
Whether he is or not is another ques
tion, and what his promises are worth
need not now be discussed. Let us take
him at his word.
The best, the cheapest, the most
economical and effective government
this city could have it could get from
the officers of the regular army at the
Presidio. If we should let them govern
the neninsula as they govern the reser
vation we should have fine streets, good
sewers, honest work on public buildings
and a very low rate of taxation. Shall
we, therefore, call in the military to
rule over us? We love our freedom too
much. We are willing to pay more
taxes and to put up with many incon
venlencea to preserve our civil liberty
We have taken our stand against
despots. A benevolent despot would
give us a perfect government, but we
are on record in our constitution for a
popular government. And why . lie
cause experience has taught the world
that a despotic government is in he
long run the most costly and the worst
As long as the despot benevolent and
capable the government is
istered but experience has proved that
in a long line of despots ninety-nine
nut of a hundred are incapable and ma
lignant.
BUT WHY WRITE SO STRONGLY
Of Mr. Phelan? If be is a despot he
is benevolent and he cannot perpetn
ate his power. What has been done
once can be done a second time, and
the bosses compel the people tof olio w
Mr Phelan in one election they can
compel them to follow him in a sec
ond Mr. Phelan is wealthy it is true,
but the sad annals of humanity have
taught us that it is always the rnh
and the powerful that grind the faces
of the poor. Long ago the world
learned from Nathan the parable of
the poor man's one ewe lamb and the
hearts of generations have burned with
righteous indignation because of the
vineyard of Naboth, the Jezreelite.
The deliberate opinion of the men
who founded this republic was that no
one man should be trusted with too
much power. They, knew that every
system of government had its failings
and they considered that it were better
that this Government should at times
fail in vigor rather than in protecting
the rights of the plain citizen. There
fore it is the Plain duty of the plain
citizen, of you and of me, to see that
this wise provision suffers no detri
ment. It is our duty to think seri
ously of the present problem and tha
present campaign. Great results flow
from little causes. Let us put the
question to ourselves and answer it In
sincerity: Which boss is more dan
gerous—the nine or ten lesser bosses or
the boss that can buy them all?
A PLAIN CITIZEN.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. J. A. McGuire is at the Lick.
Julius Cain, a prominent merchant of
Newman, is at the Baldwin.
J. Jerome Smith, a widely-known citi
zen of Stockton, is at the Lick.
Dr. T. A. Tboly of Willows, accompar
led by hla wife, is at the Grand.
Maji r C. F. Williams of the T'nited
States Marines is at the Occidental.
D. S. Rosenhaum, the well-known bank
er merchant of Stockton, is at the Palace.
Dr. W. S. Taylor, a prominent medical
practitioner of Livermore, is a guest at
the Palace.
Captain "William Ward, in command of
the transport Rio de Janeiro, is a guest
at the Occidental.
George T. Killam, formerly chief clerk
of the Hotel Vendome, San Jose, is now a
clerk at the Baldwin.
Philip B. Fraser, cashier of the Farm
ers' and Merchants' Bank of Stockton, is
registered at the Palace.
Major W. A. Wadsworth. T". S. V., hail
ing from Geneseo, N. V., returned yester
day from Manila, and registered at the
Palace. He will leave for the East to
night.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— R. R. Donalds
of San Francisco is at the Grenoble. Vl*.
E. Fraser of San Francisco is at the
Netherlands. Samuel E. Adair of Lo3
Angeles is at the Hoffman.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE NEW YORK— (3. B. and O. J.,
City. The steamer New York was
wrecker! on the M;irin County shore, near
Bonita Point, on October 25, 1*93.
PAY TO SOLDIERS— F. J., City. For
information as to the payment of soldiers
at the Presidio, address the paymaster's
office, army headquarters in this city,
Phelan building.
MY GIRI. OF GUAYAQTTLr-Kathltne.
City. The verses by John Paul Cosgrave
entitled. "My Girl of Guayaquil," publish
ed In The Call about a year ago, have not
been set to music.
WITHOUT GLASSES-L. E. F., San
Mateo. Cal. "Visual acuteness must not
fall below fifteen-twentieths per cent of
the normal in eithej eye" in the physical
examination el candidates for admission
to the Naval Academy at Annapolis
means without glasses.
GERMAN COLONIES— E. S., Seattle,
Wash. There is no distinctively German
colony In any of the counties of the
Stpte of California. There was one In
Merced, another In Tehama ami another
In Monterey County, but now people ol
other nationalities have joined in with
these people and therefore they cannot bo
called German colonies.
TROOPS ON TRANSPORTS— A. R. S..
Sacramento; A. S., City; N. B. 8., City.
On the 25th of May. 1898, the City of Pek
ing sailed from this port for Manila car
rying the First California Volunteers;
the Australia, the Second Oregon Volun
teers, and the City of Sydney the officers
of the headquarters, a battalion of tho
Fourth Jnfantry and a detachment oC
heavy artillery.
Treat your friends to Townsend's Cali
fornia glace fruits, 50c lb., in fire etch
boxes. 627 Market st.. Palace building. *
Special information supplied dally to
buslneea house-, and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043. •
Ladies' Pocketbooks.
Our assortment of ladies' pocketbooks,
billbooks, letter and card cases, lap tab
lets, Mexican carved leather belts, bags
and valises. Your name stamped in gold
letters tree- of charge on any of our fine
leather goods. Sanborp, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •
"See the poor soldier!" cried one of the
girls.
"How ragged!" said another..
"And thin!"
"And dirty!" ; TT "i
"And bedraggled!"
"And shaggy and unkempt!"
"How perfectly horrible all over!"
"Girls! T.efs kiss him!"— Philadelphia
North American.
Through Tourist Car to St. Paul.
This ear Is nicely upholstered in leather,
leaves every Tuesday night, no change. Goes
via Shasta route ana Northern Pacific Rail
way. The scenic line of the continent. Tick
ets on sale to all Eastern cities- at lowest rates.
T. K. Stateler, general agent. G3S Market at.,
San Francisco.
Commercial lunch, 11 to 2. Among the Bar
rels. 803 Market at.OP INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Porchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, .Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers. iHsoraocs and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any «f the renewing Firms Plena Mention "The Call."
ART WARE AM) ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
Artistic Furniture and firt Ware Importers.
117 SUTTER -STREET.
AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock I'll in £■ ffl 11 Montromery St..
Auctioneers. RiLLIT VX WU* San Francisco.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
nil CfHflPV'lKfi Shipping trade supplied.
" .TI- 2tnUCnllll!< «S9 Broadway street.
BELTING.
LP TIPfiPV Manufacturer of Belting find
L. r. l/EUCO, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Rep»:re and Ship Work
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'DDICV X- CnV 1 *— ** and I>«alers la
DnlCil a J\JA JLandaus, Hacks, Victorias,
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
«t.. Pan Francisco.
CASCA FERRINE BITTERS.
The World's) Greatest Tonic. Stomachic. liaxa-
t'.v*. At all denier?. SIERRA PHARMA-
CEUTICAL CO., 1517 Market st.
COAL. COKE AND PIG" IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
©OO BATTERY STREET.
Telerhcn* Main ;**4.
COPPERSMITH.
J^»er^ Tox. Cupt. M. niyth. Mr
C. W. Smith. Ship Plumbing. Steam^at
end Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone. Main 5641.
DENTIST.
DR. C- W- RICHARDS, gv^S^mr. f
DRUOOISTS (WHOLESALE .
REDINGTON & CO. ce s n tf a^t s^ e n n i
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SOX 8
411-413 California street, "ir.
Carlta! Represented .^.over n4.00e.W0 |
FLOUR.
V » TinY 4 I Flour Mllli>. J. Martenrte.n * Co. ,
!>AIIU3AL ?w cor. Battery and tactile ata. ;
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lIC nnvrc £ m 6h!rp'ng Butchers. 18«
JAS DUILj 4 L'J,, Clay! Tel. Mala UK ;
HARDWARE.
DAL ACE Hardware Co.. lmporters Dealers
* in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
WILL DRAIN
THE WONDERFUL
COMSTOCK LODE
Contracts Let for the
Undertaking.
NEED POWERFUL MACHINERY
TO PUMP TEN MILLION GALLONS
OF WATEJR A DAY.
Should the Work Prove Successful,
It Is Expected to Open a
Large Unexplored Ter
ritory.
TTie first steps looking to the draining
of the great Comstock lode, from which
treasure house so much wealth has been
drawn, were tak^n yesterday. At a meet
ing of the Comstock Pumping Company,
held yesterday In the Consolidated Cali
fornia and Virginia Company's office, the
contract for the work was awarded the
Risdon Iron Works.
The principal bidders w^re the Xix
Compressed Air Machine Company, H. Ft.
Worthlngton, Risdon Iron Works. Union
Iron Works, Frazier & Chalmers, General
Electric Company and \V<-stlnghouse
Electric Company. Some of the |>i<i<« were
complete, offering to furnish machinery
and to do the pumping, while others were
Incomplete and the bidders asked for ad
dltlonaJ time. The contest finally nar
rowed down to the Risdon Iron Works
and the Rlx Company.
The former offered to furnish a plant
capable of pumping 10,000.000 gallons of
water per day from the Consolidated and
California shaft into Sutro Tunnel at the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LASTING
CURES.
THE ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT
Specialists have been established for M
years. Their staff is composed of five physlslans
and surgeons, all specialists and all graduates
from the best medical colleges in the world.
They are. Incorporated under the laws of Califor-
nia for $200,000, and have the largest and best-
equipp'J'l institution of the kind in America.
These successful doctors cure Chronic Dis-
eases, Consumption in the first and second
Btages, Catarrh in all itn various forms, and
other ailments, lr.cludnig all diseases and weak-
ness of women.
Free Consultation.
And treatise on any disease at office or by mall.
ENGLISH AND GERMAN SPECIALISTS,
-7 31 Market St., Bnn Francisco, Cal.
TAKE ELEVATOR. Hours— I to 12 1 to 1
daily. Evenings 7 to 8. Sundays I to lL
I HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
! UKIHOLD HARNESS CO.. 11l L*rkln m.. B. B".
V/holeeale and Retail Manufacturer* of all
kinds of Harness and dealers In Burriea.
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or writ*
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
All ftlA Hunter* Equipments. rt«h)n«
' lalliUx Tackle. Athletic Goods. etc. Ten*
UUillJ for rataloirue. CEO. W. BHRKVE.
***"""** 739 Market street.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton & Medley. Proo*..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
VV. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS. Nt Butter st-.
San Francisco. Telephone Mr In 917.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDFIN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
! Manufacture blankets. Ca<.Mmer«-s. Tweeds «nd
1 Flannels. f.SS Market ft.. Pan Fran^ -o Lai.
1 Goods fr.r eale at all leading dry goods stores.
MARINE INSURANCE.
! SWISS MARINE J-VSKHA.VCF COMPAjrIM
Combined Capital. 14.0<V>.000.
BTZ * CO.. A*enta,
101 California «t-
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THE BERNHARDjrg^gn- ™-* u 3?
PAPER DEALERS.
lAMI I AUCTTC PULP AND PAPER CO..
WILLAmiII It 722 Montgomery Street.
I « — — —
PIANOS.
T>,, r>i<i.«» -iT-'-n'"" T/,r— » «t«-*L
PIANO «nci mUSIC STORE.
KOHLER & CHASE,
n an(! J9 O""Tarretl Rt.
A r*"rr.' C f . .i- tuner, and renurr--^.
PRINTING.
i _- C- nUGlltO'tn PRINTER.
£^. \^. nLullLO'Sll Ransome «tr«^.
SOAP.
OD r \T\ X- m 173 California »tr— t ;
. ft. Lit I ft VV., ro^m 37. Tel. Main l«tl !
I.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
SKS^L-
THE HICKS- CO KS^ bb H ll -
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public Weirn«»» j
General Btoraxe. Free and Grain Warehouse*
O«n«rai of flea, no California st. Tel. Main I*l V
WALLPAPER.
WHOLE' VL.E * retail: *end for eamplen. otst-
Jnn cnallty * color. DTTFY CO.. 3'< Howard
WATCHES. ETC.
TI I 7 VnV Headquarters for fin-Jewelry an 4
• L-tiTl>l» full :»-k. WrddlnK Rtne». < M tt.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
C. F. HAAS, mfr wood articles, any descrip-
tion. Planing, turning. 417 Mission, tel. M. £.927.
l©""i-foot level. They also agreed to ope
the same until the wa.!>-r was low
" - •■ ■ clow Sui ro tun
; nel, or the 2100-1 I evel on the lode.
- bid was $30,000, payment being con
tingent upon the water being lowered,
successful bidders were represented
S Mi ■ nt of the
- • M Evans, ins-^ntor
The who presented the scheme
for the T i : ?=-< I ■ ■! were Frai k M Leland and
Thomas J. Barbour ' I experi
omstock In early iia;.'s.
The system under which the pumping
c done la that of a water j<-t. work
ing nnd<:-r a h^.id of 2>wi pounds pressure,
g this water through a con
tracted tliroat. The vacuum produced by
the pressure and velocity of this water]
carries a continuous stream from the
I lowest depths to the Sutro tunnel, there :
; discharging it.
TO PROTECT THE
CITY'S CHILDREN
APPEAL FOR DECENCY FROM
REV. FATHER CARAHER.
He Declares the Conditions Existing
Seriously Endanger the Morals
of the Young.
The following lPtter ha.s boon addressed
to The Call by Rev. Father (.'araher of St.
Francis Church:
Editor of The 'a.ll— Dear Sir: Permit me to
direct the attention of the public through the
medium of your Journal to the rhameful and
Knocking: state of immorality that exists in
this northern part of the city. „ For some time
Hlnckley street, Plnkney place and Alder '•!-•■••'
have been eyesores In the community, but they
have become intolerable since the dispersion of
the fallen women who have lived in the vicin
ity of California and Dupont streets. Many of
these women, when routed from their dwell
ings, came in this direction and to the above
mentioned quarter, and have greatly added
to the Intensity of the evil. Again, prepara
tions are being now fast made in Pacific alley.
which is already fairly stocked with disreput
able women, and in a number of houses and
courts of this vicinity, to receive the women
who are expected to be driven from their pres
ent haunts around Pine, California and Du
pont streets.
Mr. Editor, there in no section of this city
bo thickly Inhabited by children as the one
that Is known u« North Beach, and every street
fn>m Hay to Broadway is swarming with the
offspring of parents of every nationality. Now,
hundreds of these Innocent children ar» obliged
on week days to pa«s by the sickening cess
pools that I have already mentioned on their
way to school and on .Sundays on their way to
rhurch. The sights that have, been meeting
thiMr eyes, particularly since the troops were
massed In thlF city, hnve been of the most re
volting nature, and sufficient to pollute their
tender hearts for life.
Deeply affected by the slaughter of our In
nocents, some weeks am I laid the rape In a
letter before the Hon. I. W. Lees, chief of
Police, but that public guardian of virtue did
not deign to acknowledge the receipt of my
communication. I will allow the public In gen
eral, and parents In particular, to Judge of his
conduct, and to ?av If the morals of our youth
are safe In his keeoing.
Ac the Chief of Police lifts answered my ap
peal In behalf of children by a masterly U*.c
tivlty and an ovi=ter dumbness, I now entreat
the residents of North Beach and the Hoard of
Supervisors to grapple with the difficulty, and
for their guidance I respectfully submit the fol
lowlng considerations:
Firstly— The women living in the vicinity of
Pine, California and imp-nt streets have oc
cupied the premises from time Immemorial and
have ruined them Irreparably, and are they
now to be quartered in other parts of the city
for their everlasting defilement and ruin? The
evil complained of is not to be stamped out by
spreading It over the city. I maintain that
filth should be Impounded and compressed in
stead of diffused. If the filth that lies be
tween California and Pine streets should be
diffused, as some appear to maintain. then,
on the same principle when a fire starts In a
building it should be Industriously spread over
the city In order that it may be quenched.
Secondly- In the area Inhabited by these
fallen women tho birth of a child Is something
unheard of, and are the-e women now to
be placed In a district where children are num
bered by the hundred? Parents of North Beach
n .»,ier* your manhood and womanhood and re
gist the evil! The same area Is almost exclu
sively Inhabited by abandoned women and
mariueraux, and shall thin offensive popula
tion be removed from a locality the most suit
able for their habitation because of its ex
clusivenes* and isolation and placed at the very
doors of the virtuous maidens and mothers of
this parish? Mothers and maidens, among
whom I live, arouse to action the male mem
bers of your families'.
Thirdly— Tbe statement has been made thru
those women arc not the city's wards, and
that they must be sent adrift without any
thought of the Injury they are to inflict upon
the people among whom they will settle. This,
no doubt. Is loving your neighbor as yourself.
Now while I admit that these women are not
the city's legal wards, yet they are its wards
in mercy, charity and equity, because many of
them are Just what they have been made by
the city's male scoundrel*. What a pity there
Is no law to compel the destroyers of those
women's Innocence to provide for them In their
deplorable state!
Finally. Mr. Editor, having made this con
cise statement of the case, I feel confident
tr-it the residents of this section of, the city
will take a determined stand against the
threatened evil, and that the Board of Super
visors will be neither cajoled nor coerced into
any unjust action In the premises.
T. CARAIIER, St. Francis Church.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1898.
TAKING OFF THE SICK.
The McDowell Conveying the Invalid Soldiers From the Rio Janeiro to the Presidio Wharf.
RIO JANEIRO
BRINGS MANY
SICK SOLDIERS
Eight Died ontheTrip
Across.
ALL TAKEN TO THE HOSPITAL
MOST OF THEM ABE SICK WITH
FEVER AND DYSENTERY.
List of Those Who Returned and of
the Men Who Died Whilo
on Board of the
Vessel.
The Onvcrnment transport Rio Janeiro,
with 132 si<-k soldiers on board, arrived
;it quarantine yesterday morning- frotn
Manila, The vessel left the Philippine
Islands six weeks ago. and came by way
of Hongkong and Nagasaki. I >r. G. W.
Daywalt of this city, one of the assistant
surgeons that left with the First Califor
nia, wa.« in charge "f the nick soldiers re
turning on the • neiro. He Kuve the
men the b« st of attention, ami they speak
in grat<-f:;i terms of htm. Klght of the
soldiers died at s«-a.. and all of those wre
consigned to the ilc»-p with the excep
tion of three, whose bodies were em
balmed and brought on for burial. H. H.
and B. J. Ftake of the First Cali
fornia Regiment, died upon the voyage.
Th«- remains of the latter were brought
here fur burial.
Ac soon as thf> quarantine oflWrs bad
ma Jo their Inspection of thf vessel the
m< k were taken on the Government boat
McDowell and transported to thr- Pre
tdOio wharf, where they were m<-t by the
ambulances fr^m the Division Hospital.
Major .Matthews personally guj>eiintend
ie unloading •){ the sick and their
transfer to th* hospital. About thirty of.
ildiers were able to walk from the
wharf to the hospital. The majority of
the nn'ii are sick with fever and dysen
tery, and of thn number that returned
only a dozen are considered critically 111.
Some of. the soldiers are recovering from
wounds received in the battle of Manila,
while others are men whose discharges
from the service are about up, and tney
have come home for their unai state
ments.
As Boon as It became known that the
sick soldiers were at the Division Hos
pital a large crowd of civilians and sol
aiers Degan to gather to talk to those of
the men wlio were allowed to go out. The
boys were kr\n busy answering fiuestions
and Inquiries made for Iriena.s who are
still at Manila. Every man hnd a differ
ent tale to tell, but on one subject they
are all agreed almost to a man, and that
is that tney have had enough of Manila
ann the. Philippine Islands. Some have
.stories to recite ot hardships and suffer
ing from a lack of sufficient and proper
food io eat, while others deny this and
fo.\ that they had an abundance, 'i he.
men brought back with them many p«'t*.
including a number of monkeys, canaries
and other curious birds.
THE DEAD.
The following is a list of the men who
died on board the Kio Janeiro, en route
fr £3IVATE rfENRTP^SHUTBR. Astor
Battery Oct. n. typhoid lever; body em
balmed and brought to Sun Francisco.
PRIVATE LOUIS J>. PASBMORE,
Companyl, First Nebraska, Oct. 4, tu
bercular laryngitis; buried at sea.
PRIVATE FRANK W. TUCKER, Com
pany c Twenty-third United rttates In
fantry, Oct. 1. typhoid fever; burled In
Nagasaki. Japan.
B&KGEANT JOHN A. GLOVER, Com
pany A First Nebraska, Sept. 28, pneu
monia complicated with acute purulent
pleurisy.
PRI\ATK HENRY A. STTBE. Com
pany F, First California, Sept. 27, dysen
tery and acute pneumonia; buried at sea.
PRIVATE rciAVAKD fi. FISKE, Hospi
tal Corps, Sept. 2H. general debility and
dysentery; body embalmed and brought
to Han Francisco.
PRIVATE ICM.IOTT J. ORDWAV,
Company H, Second Oregon, Sept. 23,
chronic dysentery with access and ty
phoid fever; body embalmed and brought
to San Francisco.
■Shortly after the Rio de Janeiro left
H"iiKk'ing Corporal F. H. Fitupatrlck,
Company G, First Idaho Battalion, disap
peared during the night. A search of the
entire vessel failed to reveal any signs
of him or a clew to his whereabouts. The
man was supposed to be mentally de
ranged, and the •supposition Is that ho
got up In the night and in wandering over
the vessel fell overboard and was
drowned, or that he committed suicide
by jumping through one of the port
holes.
THE SICK.
Flmt California — Corporal W. R. Hanna,
Company I; Privates <"J. Asmussen, Company
A; H. D. Sydney, R. Cutler, H. B. Stube,
Company F; A. w. Schretber, Company G; C.
M. Wnrdall, Companj X; F. L.. Kelly, Com
pany M. K. VV. Manning, Company G.
First Colorado — Serjeant George Small. Com
pany JL; I'rlvntee \V. S. Jefferson, \V. (}. Lum
bard. Company D; U. E. Rice, Company X; K.
U. Warner. A. G. Baker, Company Hi C. V.
Mills. Company I; J. J. Doyle, H. W. Brlgtgß.
Company it,
Idaho Volunteers- Privates .lames W. Fergu
son, Companj B; William Manson, Bernard
Dillon, Company F; I^aiiK Carlston, Company
il.
Battalion of Enßlneers— Privates Q. W. Hul
lett and O. G. Kogers, Company A.
Third United States Artillery— Corporal Henry
BtOCkfleth, Hntt.T>- H; I'rlvatew 9. W. I'lntt
and I'hlllp Mitchener, Battery L.; John F.
Bheady, Battery O; R. F. Cox. Battery K.
Fourteenth United States Infantry-Privates
J. Harrinfton, Company C; WIIIIh Reichard.
Company I; IClmer O. Bonham, Company C.
Kiprhteenth United States Infantry— l'rlvntrs
C. (J. Mcßryant. Company B; Charles Hern,
Albert E Dnlhy. Harry G. Rohr, Company C;
John O. Hupp, John L. TeviH. B. Knapp, Com
pany X; iKoao M. Hamel, Cnmpany F; T. M.
Crawford. Company H.
Twenty-third United States Infantry— Corporal
A. I). Murrey, Company D; Privates Hairy
Booker. R ft. Parker, F. W. Tucker. C. A.
Morgan, Harvey Kahoon, Comnany C; J. R.
Rickettes, Company F; J. A. Thuma. Company
<;: Aaron Zadik, Company 1..
Astor Battery Sergeants Charles Van Pelt
and Robert H. Sllllman. Corporal Halllday
Van Horn and Private* Sidney May, H. P.
Shuter and James Wood.
I'tuh Uffht Artillery— Privates W. I. Row
land. Battery A; G. J. Bluth. Chris Wogener,
George Iyncey. Battery H.
Thirteenth Minnesota— First Lieutenant C. G.
Bunker; Corporal David Small. Company F;
Corporal Harry L. Hart. Company E; Pri
vates Clarence Rice. Joseph Webb, George
Lenze. Company B; 1-. J. Nicholas. Antone E.
Johnson Company P; David K. Christian,
Company I: Walter J. Cook. Company L..
First Montana— Serjeant Stewart M. Reid.
Company A; Privates Patrick l"-nig. Company
A; A. E. Cole, Company D; Frank atusa. Com
pany L; Henry J. Jebbe, Company M.
First Nebraska— Servant John E. Glover.
Company A; Privates J. L. Ashenfelter. Frank
M Clark Company C; George H. Chapman,
Company H: George Anderson. Company I.
Second Oregon Prlrates Lfe M. Travis, Sll
vey Wood, Company C; Alix M Kuchelmer,
Company G; John M. Jones. E. J. Ordway,
Company H: Gonlon P. Brooks, Company K.
Tenth' Pennsylvania— Privates Arthur John
son Company A: Harry L. Bishop. Fred M'n
„«•,... Charles Wallace, Charles Carter, Com
pany D; Charles Paden, Company I.
First South Dakota— Private Raymond Ten-
Hunt. Company F.
First Wyoming— Privates William Miller.
Company C : O. A. Van Blanron. Company H,
Volunteer Signal Corps S.-rrr<-nni W. K.
Neal. First Company; Corporal C. A. Ludholm,
First Company.
Hospital Privates Bernhardt Britton,
Joseph A. Gill. James D. Gorman, Frank P.
Codington. C. James Edwards, Dana N. Wood.
Walter Body, Frank Smith.
Private Clarence P. Hire. Company K.
Thirteenth Minnesota, was one of the
m<>n who was wounded in the night at
tack of July 31 He was shot through
the right lung with a Mauser bullet, but
has entirely recovered. He declares that
the night "fight was the worst that the
troops had. After being wounded Klce
walked three miles to the rear to have
his wound dressed. The same bullet that
wounded him passed through two other
and killed both of them.
Private Charles P. Tuthlll of the Corp?
of Engineers, Company A. and Private
Henry Wendt of the Idaho Battalion were
sent back as being insane. Tuthill ap
pears to be perfectly sane in his remarks
and demeanor.
Dr Daywalt stntes that dysentery and;
typhoid fever are the two diseases that
are most prevalent and that the troops
have to mostly contend with. The rate
of mortality is small, and the doctors says
that the California boya are enjoying ex
cellent health.
A GOOD MEDICAL STAFF.
Dr. G. W. Bayvalt Tells of the Life
on the Transports.
Dr. Q. W. Daywalt, who had charge of
the sick men on the Rio de Janeiro, tolls j
an interesting story of the life on the
transport and is loud in his praise of the
excellency of the medical staff at Ma
nila. He attributes the good condition
of the men when they landed to the good
treatment received on shipboard. The
food was both abundant and of the best |
quality, ami Dr. Day wait was given his
pick of the bedding for the sick men.
The ship left Manila on the 22d and
touched at Hongkong on the 25th, where
nix hours' shore leave was given all who
were able to move around, Captain Ward
furnishing a tug to take the men ashore.
The men came back with a good impres
sion of Hongkong, as they found it much |
cleaner than Manila. The next stop was
made at Nagasaki. The Japs Imitate
the white man in every particular and |
were so officious that It took an hour to
satisfy them that there was no disease
of a "contagious nature on the vessel.
The men were then given another shore
leave of six hours, and enjoyed them
selves thoroughly.
Aboard the ship they hod a very pleas
ant time of it. Through the efforts of
Dr. Daywalt they were given the run of
the entire ship, with the exception of a
small portion reserved for the officers
They were allowed to eat In the regular
dining-room and furnished with dishes
and napkins. Last Wednesday evening
the "talent" got together and gave an
entertainment, which was looked upon as
one of the bright spots of the voyage.
Grateful Soldiers.
The following resolutions are self-ex
planatory :
RETURNING FROM MANILA. ON BOARD
UNITED STATES TRANSPORT. RIO DE
JANEIRO, PACIFIC OCEAN. Oct. 20. 1898.
Whereas. The Red Cross Society of Califor
nia, through their representative, Eugene
Rosenthal. have assisted In making our home
ward voyage more pleasant by furnishing up
reading matter and providing needed drugs
and surgical supplies., so be It
Resolved, That, we, the Invalided soldlerH
and Jailors on board the Rio de Janeiro, ex
press our appreciation and thanks to the Red
Cross Society for their continuous kindness and
liberality and assure them that we shall ever
remember the work of this noble organization,
and pledge ourselves to its co-operation; fur
ther be It
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions
be presented to the Red Cross Society of Cali
fornia, and that a copy be furnished the San
Francisco press for publication. Signed.
Sergeant Robert H. Sill man, Astor Mattery:
Corporal Charles A. Llndholm. First United
States Volunteers, Signal Corps; Private Wil
liam L.. Murkland. Thirteenth Minnesota, com
mittee for sick and wounded soldiers and sail
ors on board.
ON BOARD UNITED STATES TRANSPORT
RIO DE JANEIRO, PACIFIC OCEAN.
Oct. 19. 1898.
Whereas, We, the invalided soldiers and
sailors returning from the Philippine cam
paign on the United States transport Rio de
Janeiro, have been accorded a most generous
and heartfelt reception and treatment during
our voyage by Captain William Ward and his
officers, thereby greatly aiding our recovery
to health and providing for our comfort and
happiness, so be It
Resolved, That we tender our sincere thanks
to Captain William Ward and his officers, as
suring them that ever In our memories will be
engraved the pleasures of this Journey to our
homes and native land; further be It
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions
be presented to Captain Ward, and also that a
copy be provided the San Francisco press for
publication. Signed.
Sergeant Robert H. . Slllman. Astor Battery:
Corporal Charles A. Llndholm, First United
States Volunteers. Signal Corps; Private Wil
liam L.. Murkland, Thirteenth Minnesota, com
mittee for Rick and wounded roldlers and sail
ors on board t
To-Day's Game.
A great game will be played at Rprrea
tlon Park to-day between Oakland and
Snn Jose. Hoth teams have their star
pitchers in the box, and a pitchers' bat
tle should result. Following is the line
up:
Oakland. Position. San Jose.
Hu!-r-ell Pitcher Thomas
Sullivan Catcher K'nt
Hits* First bane Hanlon
O'Ncll Second base Rellly
Lnnpe Third ba5e...... Brockhoff
Schmeer Shortstop Ea*an
Mosklman L*ft field I>yiie
Donovan Center field McGuoken
Hardy .Rlftht field Foley
Advances made on furniture and plnnog, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
CONNEMARA
ADDS LAURELS
TO HIS FAME
Great Day of Sport at
Ingleside Park.
ROYAL PRIZE BEATS MYSTIC
NEARLY ALL THE HARES GET
AWAY.
To-Day's Finish Will Be Long Re
membered by the Sports — Four
Courses That May Sell
Even — Large Crowds.
Yesterday was a day of rare sport at
Ingleside. The hares ran fast and about
three "ut of every five slipped through
the bars and ;.\vay from the dogs. The
ground was in the best of condition and
the sports say that no better courses were
ever run on the track. Connemara made
a good record and Royal Prize, who best
ed Kight Bower at Union Park last Sun
day, added another feather to lit? cap
by running away from Mystic. The bet
ting was t?t">il and most of the coin was
laid down on the favorites. Only eight
Bhort-enders won any money for their
• rs, but tli< ir backers were not many.
The highest winning odds were 5 to 1 on
Signal against Mercury.
American Eagle scored 2S points against
Liberty's 2, and Olga scored the same
number, while the other dog, Royal Oak,
made none. These were the two best
courses for points and the time run up
Into the minutes. ThTe were only tw.>
numbers where the dogs were obliged to
start a^iiln; one of them wajs between
Liberty and American Eagle, in which
neither animal saw the hare and ran
around aimlessly until the rabbit was out
of bounds.
The number of spectators who take in
the Saturday courses is constantly In
creasing and the crowd stayed the sport
out yesterday. There was almost as
mu<h paid Into the betting ring on the
last run as on the first. In the tussle
between Fleetwings and Oonnemara the
spurts held back their money until they
got the high odds of 6 to 1. and then those
who had Been unsuccessful in the former
stakes, pluyed heavily In an effort to re
trieve a portion of what they had lost,
but only found themselves deeper in the
game.
To-day's finish stake will be one to be
remembered In the history of Ingleside.
The dogs could not be better matched
and at leasi four courses are likely to
soil even In the pools. The course In
which Connemara will come against Pat
ria will be the event of the day. with Pet
Klrby vs. Lady Jane a close second. The
following is a prediction of the results:
Captain Clarkson's Lady Jane will beat I>eck
elman'S Pet Klrt.y; H. B. iluMwln's Forget
Will Leat I. L. Sears' Hot Stuff; P. J. G. Ken
na's Royal Hu.-k will bent J. K. Doherty's
White Kooket; Hartels Brothers' Mind Your
Eye will beat J. Moran's Miss Dividend; P.
Brophy's Benicla Boy will beat P. J. G. Ken
na'i Flyaway; J. Ivan's Connemara will beat
Lowe A; Thompson's F'atrln; A. Masaey*s Iladi
wlst will beat Bartels Brothers' Rest Assured;
j. Hooper's Koolawn will beat ('. Strehls
Skylark; F. Moran's Royal Prize will beat
Henri Spring's Pat Malloy; J. Dean's Gladia
tor Will heat M. Allen's Miss Alice; Uartels
Brothers' Mac's Melody will beat R. Julian's
Signal; Handy A Smith's Victor will beat T.
.!. Crontn's Maid of Ball; I>. Tort's Honita will
heat J. Hyrne's Semlnole; A. Johnson's Tod
Sloan will beat J. I. O'Brien's Sharkey; J.
I lean's Miahno will beat White Earth Ken
n-l's Mystic Maid; O'Connell Hrothers" Log: Boy
will beat A. Viui 'Jen Hurjth's American Kaple;
Lowe A Thompson's Prince Hal will beat C
F. Brown's Nida; Lowe A Thompson's Hisch
Born Lady "ill l.rat It. Julians Sweet Music;
A Masaey'S Liphtfont will beat T. Rodgers'
Olf^a. ami J. Sheehan's Lass o" Gowrle will
beat I. Murnane's Flashlifrht.
The following were the winners of yes
terday's all-age stake:
Peoki'lman & Panario's Pet Klrby beat W.
C. Rodßer's Phoenix; Ca-tain Clarkson's I^ady
Jane beat J. Fltzpatrlck's Nelly Daly; I. L.
Sear's Hotstuff brat C. Strehl's Jlnmile Cork;
H. R. Baldwin's Forget beat J. Monkhouse's
Breach of Promise; J. P. O. Kenna's Royal
Buck beat Russell &■ Wilson's (tlenrosa; J. E. ;
Poherty's White Rocket beat 11. R. Baldwin's I
Brutus; Cartels Bros." Mind Your Eye beat
F. D Black's Occidental: J. Murnane's Miss ;
Dividend beat White Earth Kennels" Boubrette; j
.1. I. Q. Kenna's Flyaway beat T. J. Cronln'i '
Rosle B; P. Hrophy's Benlcla Boy beat P. J. O.
Kenna's Bono. Dea; Lowe & Thompson's Patrla
beat J. Monkhouse's Winged Foot; J. Dean's
ADVERTISEMENTS. __
fß+a+B+B+B+B+B+B+a+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B-
SMITH
PREMIER
ISB^I TYPEWRITER.
. . . USED EXCLUSIVELY . . .
BY THE
WESTERN UNION TELEGRAPH COMPANY
Of Seattle, Waahlngton;
"Replying to your favor of the sth inst. we wish to advise that we are using
ten (10) Smith Premier Typewriters in our Seattle office. We wish further to say
that we are using Smith Premier Typewriters exclusively. Yours truly,
E. H. BROWN, Manager W. U. Tel. Co.
I-C--UEI 11Q ML.* M. ALEXANDER Francisco.
•• ' FREt ' " • I no Montgomery Street, San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BARGAIN q
DAYS CARNIVAL 0 ° AYS
Monday—Tuesday— Wednesday.
Unless the supply gives out sooner, we will hold
three of the greatest BARGAIN DAYS ever held in this
city. The goods placed on sale are especially selected
for this sale. You are invited to inspect them whether
purchasing or not.
I 2 Leaders! 12 Specials!
NONE BEFORE. NONE AFTER.
— ■ : .
SPECIAL No. 2.
We have selected about
300 pairs of MEN'S FINE
WORST ED AND CASSI MERE
PANTS, not a pair of them
sold for less than $2.50.,
al' will be sold for the 3
days only —
$1,25
SPECIAL No. 5.
Keep the young folks
warm— 2oo BOYS CAPE|
COATS, selected for this'
carnival — not one of them
worth less than $3 — some.
of them worth $s—all5 — all col-:
ors — to be sold for 3 days!
only —
$1.95
SPECIAL No. 8.
Just unpacked — 50 dozen
Men's FLEECE-LINED UN-
DERWEAR, fall weight, in
natural gray, worth and sold
for 75c ali over — to be sold
for the 3 days only —
45c
SPECIAL No. 11.
20 dozen Men's Fine ALL-
WOOL SWEATERS, a!i
shades, the regular $2.00
quality — to be sold for 3'
days only —
95c
SPECIAL No. I.
We have taken all our
Men's Ail-Wool $8, $9 and
$10 SUITS AND OVER-
COATS, in single and double
breasted — all will be sold!
for 3 days only—
_$4.95_
SPECIAL No. 4.
1000 pairs of BOYS' ALL-
WOOL KNEE PANTS, all of
them the 50c quality, all
colors, shades and sizes, to 1
be sold for 3 days only —
25c I
SPECIAL No. 7.
1000 dozen BOYS' FINE
YACHT AND GOLF CAPS, all
colors and shades, the reg-
ular price of them is 50c, all
to be sold for 3 days only — 1
25c
SPECIAL No. 10.
150 dozen MEN'S ALL-
WOOL HALF HOSE, the
regular 25c quality, all sizes,
to be sold for 3 days only —
12.C
THE BALDWIN
CLOTHIERS.
924 to 930 Market St.
Telephone Main 5654. A Mail Orders F led 'o^ G^cds as Advertised.
Connemara beat Nally & M.,rl^-s Fleetwlrw
R-irtel Hros ' Rest Assured heat T. « IDS '> n a
Grlpman; A. Mary's Hadlwlst £at £ Me-
Vfliru R#>vence - C. Str*hl * Skylark neat ax.
Ppades- F. Mnran-8 Royal Prlzf beat J.Tar
\?X Mvstlc: J. Doan-s Gladiator heat Na!l>
& MnrleVF White Diamond: M. Allen «Mlm
Alice beat T McNeil's Sp«>rtFman: R. Julians
Henal beat O-XelH & Hanrahan'? Mercury
iSn liros 1 Msc's Melody beat Henry
Spring Master Jack: Hardy & Smith', A'lctor
i£°oi Kt^» J on-? r jen n nf
I ulnk •" iame™ Byrne's beat A boat T. ;
Li 88 nßch'n Bch'8 eh' AJax: Jamei I. (XBrteni Bharkey beat ■
TVT V Hu«h A » "ell? h" A Johniion 1 . Tod Sloan
Lpj G Kennk'a Skyball: VThlto Earth
I^T. 1 8> J. M^nPk^S,eJ f n C f
Smith's Dauntless: A. Van den Burgh p Amer- |
bea J Murray-, Bab? R. Julien'B Sweet Music
beat F. McCotnb's Oleen: Lowe & Thompson g
Pheehan's La ? s o" Gowrie beat Kay & Trant a
Eclipse. . .^ .
KENVILLE'S DEFENSE.
Witnesses Testify That They Did Not
See a Club Thrown.
The preliminary examination of Police
man K«ivllle. charged with assault to
murder, in throwing his club and strik
ing the boy Will Lynch on the head, was
continued before Judge Mogan yes terday.
The prosecution closed its case Thurs
day and witnesses for the defense were
railed yesterday. Dr. Thrasher, who has
beenattendlrg to the boy since his re
movalfrom the Receiving Hospital testi
fied that the wound was healing and the
hoy would recover. Sergeant Perrin.
George A Green, D. Goldstoiie . and Isaac
Livingston all testified that they were in
a position to see what was going on and
ivinv did not see a club thrown. A. S.
nttle and \V. E. Britt testified that they
saw ICenvllle-s club on the night of the
alleged assault and there were no fresh
marks upon it. Lillie experimented with
™ ch.b two days later and after picking
it up from the ground it bore numerous
•.cratches and marks. The case will be
continued Tuesday.
Ladles' tailor-made suits. Fur capes, cloaks,
credit. m. Rothschild 2TI Suttfr M.. r. 6 and 7.
The Grand Protector.
The membership of the local lodges of
the Knights and Ladles of Honor have
arranged to tender a reception on the
night of the 7th of next month to Grand
Protector Mrs. L. J. Wheelock, who. It is
expected, will return from the East to
morrow. The grand officer was a repre
sentative from California to the conven
tion of irrand protectors and grand secre
taries that met with the supreme propa
gation committee of the order in Indian
apolis, Ind.. recently.
SPECIAL No. 3.
We have picked out from I
among our vast stock of I
BOYS' SUiTS all our $2.50, I
$3.00 and $3.50 Reefer and I
Josie Suits, in all shades, I
with small rollingcollars and I
large savior collars, hand- I
somely braided — all to be I
sold for 3 days only —
"SPECIAL No. 6.
Just rece yed — 100 dozen
MEN'S LATEST SOFT AND
STIFF HATS, in blue, black,
tan, drab and brown — sold
by regular hatters for $2.50
— all to be sold for 3 days
only —
_?sc_
SPECIAL No. 9.
Just unpacked — 50 dozen I
MEN'S FINE FRENCH PER- I
CALE DRESS SHIRTS, the I
regular $1.00 quality, ali I
choice patterns — to be sold I
for 3 days only —
65c
SPECIAL No. 12.
Just received — 100 dozen I
BOYS' FRENCH PERCALE I
WAISTS, very pretty shades, I
the regular 50c quality — to I
be sold for 3 days only —
25c
DISSOLUTION OF
CO-PARTNERSHIP SALE
$125,000 worth of Fine Shoes to be
sold at less than manufac-
turers' cost.
SAVE YOUR MONEY BY BUYING YOUR
shoes now. The Halny Season has com-
menced. You can save from $1 to $2 a pair on
every pair of shoes purchased during- this sale
LAIHD. SCHOBER A CO.'S LADIES' FINEST
QUALITY PATENT LEATHER BUT-
TON SHOES, cloth top, reduced <J?| Ck(\
Former price, j.', and $6.
___-,, LADIES FINE VICI KID
- -— »**7^ LACE SHOES. Goodyear
\ Km welted soles, fair stitch
J\ l-J and new coin toe, all sizes
\\ tj and widths, re-lgQ |f\
\ V 4 duced to tj) ■<£•■"
I \JI Sold elsewhere for $3 and
\X $3 50.
SPECIAL— We are offering 800 pairs o*
Ladies' Shoes and Ties on our bargain
tables nt 10c on the dollar.
The above are but a few of the big bargains
now beinp offered in all our departments.
Country Orders Solicited.
THE MONARCH SHOE CO.,
1384 and 1390 Market Street.
THE OLD DOCTOR !
Consult him if you are troubled with unpleas-
ant dreams (which make you arise unrefreshed
in the morning). Vertigo, PorgetfulneM, De-
spondency. Lame Back. Headache. Legache.
Deposits in Urine, Attacks of Blues and many .
other symptoms of Nervous Debility brought on
by ezceßses.
He cures where others fail all Contagious
Diseases and Weaknesses of Men.
Consultation Free at office or by letter.
Hours— 9 to 12. 2 to 5. 6:30 to 8. Sunday. 10
W. NORTON DAVIS. M.D.,
31S Kearny Street, San Francisco.
We rely on rcr pinT| nKI
Oculists P* !! 0 pp r ti k on
Jo rur\ our Spectacle Factory--
Bring us Yours.
Opticians ko^ k GENCV :
642 Market St.
CRONICLE BUILDING-
WE EMPLOY NO AGENTS.
DR.MQNULTY.
rPHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABT/EOLD
X Special iatcwres Privnto, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 y'r*' experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. HoursO
to 3 dally; 6:3o to B:3o ev'gs. Sundars,lotol2. Consul-
tation free audsacredly confldentlal. CaU.oraddreaa
I>r. P. ItOSCOK IICXUL.TY,
a« ! i Kearny »t ., San .Francisco, Cal.
■OTSTTCLII7C FOR BARBERS. BAK- ■
DllLJkJlTijO*™' bootblack*, bath-
UIIUUAIUM houses, billiard table*,
brewers, bookbinders, candy- maker*. . . nners.
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofprs. tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 600 Sacramento St *
Ijg bb J j l^L. P ' _^^^_H_JHJL-^UsL^rSB I
78
TRIUMPH FOR THE CALL
Wells-Fargo Must Pay Its Store of
the War Tax— Judge Troutt's
Decision.
JUSTICE of the Peace Barry's opinion, In the case of Costtley against
Wells, Fargo & Co., In which judgment was ordered entered in plain
tiffs favor for damages in the sum of $5 and costs of action, by reason
of defendant's refusal to forward a package unless Costloy shouldered
the burden, legally placed up on the company by an act of Congress, and
paid the required revenue, was affirmed by Judge Troutt yesterday. In
consequence Wells, Fargo & Co. will
now have an opportunity to show its
patriotism and pay the tax as requir
ed by law. It is evident, judging from
the mercenary stand taken by the
company, that this news will hardly
be hailed by it with Joy, nevertheless
the war tax must be paid, and the
patrons of the express monopoly can
no longer be called upon to bear a
burden legally imposed upon the com
pany.
Costley sued for damages, basing
ibis action on a refusal of the com
(pany to forward a parcel' to Sacra
mento unless a war stamp was placed
upon the receipt therefor at his
expense. He held that it was the
duty. .of the company to place
the stamp upon the receipt, and,
as it tacitly fused to do so and re
fused to forward the parcel until such
time as he complied with the com
pany's decision, lie commenced an ac
tion for damages in the Justices'
Court. Justice Barry heard the ..-a^e
and decided in plaintiff's favor. An
appeal was ken to the Superior
Court on an agreed statement of facts,
the upper court Ing called upon to
simply decide the points of law. The
case was submitted to Judge Troutt,
after elaborate argument, and the de
cision handed down yesterday affirms
the decision of the lower court.
"The essential facts involved are
briefly these," reads the decision: "De
fendant is a common carrier engaged
In the business of carrying goods to and from different parts of this State.
On September S. IS9B, in this city and county, plaintiff tendered to defendant
a certain package with the request that it be forwarded to Sacramento,
and at the same time tendered to defendant the Bum of 40 cents, which de
fendant charged as freightage upon said package.
"The defendant as a condition precedent to its receipt of the package,
required plaintiff to furnish to it a I'nited States revenue stamp of the
value of 1 cent; or to it 1 cent for such a stamp, in order that such a stamp
might be attached to the bill of lading or receipt provided by defendant, and
be canceled.
"Plaintiff refused to furnish said stamp or pay for it. and thereupon
and in consequence of such refusal defendant de. ■:■• to receive said pack
age. The serious question to be determined in this case is, substantially,
whether the plaintiff or the defendant, in other words the consignor or the
currier, is required by law to pay for the aforesaid revenue stamp.
"The act of Congress titled 'An act to provide ways an . means to
meet War Expenditures' and for oth<'r purposes, approved June 13. 189S, pro
vides thai it is the duty of an express company, when a package is tendered
to it for transportation, to issue to the person tendering the package a bill of
lading or other evidence of receipt; and that there shall be duly attached
to such bill of lading or other evidence of receipt and canceled, a stamp of
the value of 1 cent; and that any failure to issue such bill of lading or other
evidence of receipt shall subject the express company to a penalty of $50.
"By section 13 of said act of Congress it Is provided that any person who
shall issue any paper of any kind or description whatsoever mentioned in
schedule A aforesaid, without the same being duly stamped, with intent to
evade the provisions of paid act. shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor
and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine not exceeding fifty
dollars or by imprisonment not exceeding six months, or both, in the discre
tion of the court.
"Our statute provides that a common carrier must, if able to do so, accept
and carry whatever is offered at a reasonable time and place, of a kind that he
undertakes or is accustomed to carry; and it also provides that a carrier
must subscribe and deliver to the consignor any reasonable number of bills
of lading of the sam tenor, expressing truly the original contract for car
riage; and if be refuses to do so. the consignor may take the freight from him
and recover from him besides all mages thereby occasioned.
"It will be observed that no penalty is imposed by the aforesaid act of
Congress upon the consignor in the event of a failure to attach the afore
said revenue stamp to the bill of lading or other evidence of receipt, but that
such penalty is imnosed upon the carrier only.
- "A decision of Judge Tuley of a Circuit Court of Illinois, in the case of
Western Wheel Company vs. The united States Express Company, is to the
effect that under the aforesaid act of Congress express companies are re
quired, to issue receipts to shippers and as part thereof to affix and cancel the
stamTJ required by law.
"The court stated that it would be an absurd conclusion to say that the
company is required to Issue to the shipper an unstamped bill of lading or
receipt, the issue <>f which is made a Penal offense by section 7 of the act. It
was not the intent of the 'statute to place the express companies under an
obligation to do an illegal act. The bin of lading or receipt which the express
company is to issue must be a complete bill of lading, a legal instrument,
and this can only be a stamped instrument. A similar view of the law was
entertained by a Circuit Court or Michigan in a case in which the American
Express Company sought to place th e burden of the revenue tax upon the
shipper
"In the brief furnished me by Counsel for respondents It is claimed
that the respondents decided to raJSo nd did raise their rates on the ship
ment of various packages one cent. fo r the purpose of meeting the changed
conditions made by the act of Congress referred to. and they claim that under
this right to affix reasonable charges for the transmission of packages
they have a right to increase the
amounts one cent for each package for
he purpose of meeting the additional
expense required by this stamp duty,
It Is true, as I have looked at this
question, that the express comttany,
the respondent, had a right to deter
mine, within reasonable limits, what its
charges would be for the transporta
tion of goods through Its office or of
fices: but the right to determine and
make reasonable charges for the trans
portation of goods Is, in my opinion,
a different thing from the Increase of
rates which had heretofore been
deemed reasonable for the purpose of
evading Its payment of the tax di
rected by Congress for the raising of
revenue for carrying on the war. In
my opinion, this Increase of amount
charged for the transportation of
packages is not In any sense for the
purpose of meeting any additional ex
>ense that the express company may
c put to for the carrying or trans
portation of these packages, but was
'or the express purpose, as Is praetf
rally admitted in this case, of transfer
ring the burden of paying a portion of
the revenue necessary to carry on the
war from the shoulders of the express
company to those of its patron*. The
raising of the rate of one cent upon
each package is In effect to impede the
operation of the law, and, therefore,
illegal.
"I will merely add that I am satisfied
that the facts of this case, under
a reasonable and proper interpretation of the statute of this Ptate and of
the aforesaid act of Congress, fully Justify the judgment of the Justices'
Court.
"Accordingly, judgment is hereby given in favor of plaintiff for the sum
of five dollars as damages and for costs of suit."
In speaking of the decision George D. Squires, attorney for the plaintiff,
said last night:
"The decision rendered by Judge Troutt, so far as the Costley case is
concerned, is final. The facts were, agreed to in the Justices' Court: that
is there was no dispute that Costley tendered a package and offered to pay
the tariff and that Wells, Fargo & Co. refused to transport it unless he
affixed the stamr> required by the act of Congress to the receipt. The appeal
to the Superior Court was on the single legal question, "What does the
statute mean? Does it require the ccarr rrr ] e r or the shipper to pay the tax?
"Judge Troutt having affirmed the judgment of the court below there is
now no further appeal unless a question of jurisdiction is raised, or some
other vital point suggested which ha s heretofre been waived.
"The judgment in the Costley cas c nO -x amounts, with costs, to $12. "Wells,
Fargo & Co. are therefore in a position where every refusal to stamp a re
ceipt may cost the corporation that amount, provided, of course, persons are
found with a disposition to litigate. i n Cor.tl"y's case I agreed to nominal
damages, because my only desire was to establish a precedent, but if other
suits are brought greater damages may De awarded. In each case they
may be a subject of proof, and a person whose bundle is refused transporta
tion might be able to show sufficient damage to make the contumacy of the
corporation rather expensive.
"All the cases have so far gone against th© express companies In this
matter. United States Attorney General Grlggs, Assistant Attorney General
Boyd. Judge Tuley of the Chicago Cir rl ,it Court, the Circuit Court of Michi
gan Justice Barry and Judge Troutt. have all taken the same view of the
law.' It seems to me that It is about time for "Wells, Fargo & Co. to begin
to pay its taxes."
SUPERIOR JUDGE I. M. TROUTT.
PLACER COUNTY BEATEN.
Alameda Eleven Wins Easily From
the Visiting Cricketers.
T)K . mtj I litnu Colony crick
eters arrived in this city from Lake I
ty on Friday night. But after playing
three matches in three successive day*
taking- a long Journey by stage coach and
rail they were not I > (| trim l "
play the champions of 1888 yesterday.
The pr>m<- against the Alnrneda eleven
l.rgan soon after 11 yesterday morning on
the Webster street grounds at Alameda.
The visitors won the toss and went to
the wicketa C. Simmonds scored 11, and
was bowled by Drlffleld; n. A. Butt made
14 and C. K. Turner 12, hut not one of
the Placer County men after these made
any stand at all. Thirty-seven runs had
been made when the second wicket tell,
and the other eighi even with
three mJn were run out. Out of 12 overs
]■ Croll bowled seven maidens.
R B Hogue and H. Bird went first to
the' wickets for Alameda, but the latter
was caußht off a ball of Paul for 0. Then
Moriarlty joined Hogue, and when tne
nartnership was broken the score read 2
For -SO? Before another wicket had fallen
0 .- r oii had raised the score to S4. and
the visitors were beaten. The principal
Ecores for Alameda were as follows: K.
X Hogue 24, J. J. Moriarlty 31. G. Croll
land J. J. R. PeeS 15. The Innings closed
for 168 runs, Placer County being defeated
JUSTICE OF THE PEACE J. E. BARRY,
•by 116 runs. W. Petherick. H. A. Butt, C.
Siminonds, W. B. Paul and C. K. Turner
bowled for Placer County, the most suc
cessful being P»-thcri<:k, who took two
wickets for 3 runs, and C. Simmonds, who
red four for 38.
The Alameda team consisted of R. B.
Hogue. H. Bird, J. J. Mortality, a. Oroll.
F. J. Croll, J. J. R. Peel. J. H. Saundera.
I. H. Snlro, F. C. Drlffleld. V. Seebeck and
F. Stahl. The Placer County eleven In
cluded C. Simmonds, H. A. Butt, ('. K.
Turner, R. MiLrsh-Browne, W. Petherick,
W. B. Paul, P. E. '.'oiman, J. I. Harding.
A. T. Chute, TI. S. Turner and F. A.
Pakenham. The. visitors were entertained
to dinner last nlpht at Frank's rotisserie
by the Alameda and Pacific clubs, who
have been the recipients of much hospi
tallty at the hands of the Placer County
representatives.
To-day the citrus colony men play
! against the Pacific eleven on the grounds
at ''.uiden Gate. The players from whom
the Pacific team will be chosen wore given
in yesterday's issue of The Call. To
morrow an eleven of San Jose cricketers
will try conclusions with the Placer
County team on the Alameda grounds.
Estates in Probate.
The will of Honora Ford, bequeathing
an estate valued at $2000 to her husband
and two sons, was filed for probate yes
terday. The will of Patrick Hoban was
also filled. An estate valued at $4870 Is
bequeathed Patrick Hoban, a nephew of
the testator.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkln «ta. flwlmmin*. Russlnn. hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1898.
FITZGERALD'S
REGISTRATION
QUESTIONED
It Is to Be Officially
Investigated.
REGISTRAR BIGGY WILL ACT
> DIFFICULT TO EXPLAIN AWAY
CEBTAIN AFFIDAVITS.
The "Hefting-" Mayor's Candidate for
Public Administrator Has Ap
parently No Standing as
an Elector.
The fact that Edward T-. Fitzgerald,
the "hefting" Mayor's candidate for Pub
lic Administrator, is registered both in
Alameda County and in this city is to
be made the basifl fur a Judicial investi
gation. This was the natural sequence of
the expose in The Call yesterday.
•"Now that this matter has been brought
to my attention," said W. J. Biggy, Reg
istrar cf Voters, "I will institute an ex
amination to determine Mr. Fitsgerald's
status on the register of this city. It is
v serious matter for a man to register In
one county when hi* name appears on
the great register of another. He should
be able to show either that the latter
was canceled or that he had been trans
ferred."
Mr. Fitzgerald had an Intimation thai
the irregularities in his registration were
known, and called at the Registrar's
office to straighten the matter, He was
shown the affidavits made by him on
August 7, 1896, and that of August 8, 1898.
In the former be swore his name ap
peared on no other register in this State,
and he also swore he lived In this city
two months.
In the last affidavit, dated August 8,
IS9S, he swore bis name was on no other
register, and in addition made oath he
had lived here rive years. In explanation
of this he said he made the affidavit be
fore J. W. Rose, a deputy employed at
that time by Registrar liiggy. Mr. Rose
is an intimate friend of Fitzgerald, and
has known him for some years.
According to Fitzgerald it was a mere
inadvertence, a clerical error. lie wished
to correct the affidavit, but Mr. Biggy
said it was a matter of official record, and
as such must stand.
Mr. Biggy accepted the explanation as
being a plausible one, and thought the
Incident closed.
The matter was called to his attention
yesterday, and he produced all the papers
on file in his office relating to Mr. Fitz
gerald's registration in this city. When
these were spread out before him the as
pect of the case changed. A paper over
looked in the first hurried Investigation
showed that he had made affidavit on a
previous occasion to five years' residence
in this city.
This affidavit was made May 9, ISPS,
when he applied to have his place of res
idence changed from 2821 Pine street to
1813 Post. In this he swore he resided In
this city five years. The affidavit was
made before O. C. Hallett, a deputy in
Registrar Biggy's office. No question of
error, because of friendship, entered Into
this case. Mr. Hallett did not know Mr.
Fitzgerald, and merely performed the
usual duty delegated to him in the routine
of office work.
Registration does not expire in Ala
meda County every two years, as it does
In San Francisco. In consequence his
registration there is still in force. To be
registered in two counties Is a crime
against the State election laws, and is
punishable by heavy fine and imprison
ment.
Even when Mr. Fitzgerald was making
affidavit to the effect that this city was
his place of residence, the directory of
I^o6 gave it as Berkeley.
Registrar Biggy will at once institute
an inquiry to determine the exact status
of. Mr. Fitzgerald both as an elector and
as a candidate.
OAKLAND. Oct. Labor Commis
sioner Fitzgerald is greatly exercised
over the fact that he is on the great
register in both Alameda and San Fran-
AD V ERTISEHLENTS.
laaMmm tea—— L—v-4 *
! DOCTORED TO DEATH ! I
: ~ _ . . t
I Weak Men, Stop Drugging===The Repeated Failure of Drugs Proves That They Cannot $
| Cure===That They Have Not the Strength Which You Need. |
* = ■ • •* :
*t* If you are a weak man — if you have any weakness of the nerves or organs, and have doctored <s % Jl
*^* If you are a weak man — if you have any weakness of the nerves or organs, and have doctored <% ca *^ ?^X^-^l^' l »4
w for it, you know that drugs do not give you strength. The truth is that drugs never restore the power 4-. , «^ I | . - V
*>* of the nerves or vital organs. . ysfT\ 5 uOPIOrUOSCfT] Q' ' fit
| I PRACTICED , THIRTY YEARS J|l^ J Special^ 1I I
3JS And never knew a case of weakness in men to be cured by drugging. I then learned that drugs only ff ' I % | I
2^ stimulate the nervous system and never give any permanent benefit. I learned that the foundation of WS^p^fjy. f*" I' | H-| 111 flPjlMfl % ' "^ °jc
tfc all vital strength was in the Electricity which the nerves contained, and that all weakness resulted from* x^^vfjL pr* [ . ; | I 'j - £
SS the waste of this Electric power. Then I invented my famous "J r f '--j^^yr W^fmk%^T \^T^T' 1 i Pi! tifi) S^
I DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC BELT. jjfyH^Lll I iff I
°i° I constructed it so that it gives a steady flow of Electricity into the nerves while the patient sleeps HHII jS/I^S^^^^^^^^gbv I I
32 at night. The current is perceptible every moment, and can be regulated to any strength desired. ' m wßHr^BHSaf^^B Ifew ! **
4* The greatest men in the world of medicine and science say "ELECTRICITY IS LIFE." It is the J^^^^f^lW Hl^-P^^^^ I *
fh strength, the vigor and, in fact, the very life in the body. With my Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt I have JBl!\laul\\\ 1 V — ~'^^^^Kf ' ' "2s^ ***
4* • >W cured 10,000 weak men during the last five years — men who had been (ffwSll) U |U.H I*!*! Vv'W^^M
rfo /%§£& &\ able to get no benefit from drugs. Many of these cases were pronounced fBDHE } |M ] '' fIS (***»■*=«-==■•- • > ;,!! 111 lit 'L T^
4* incurable by the doctors who had failed to cure them; but they have pMpSlff&n l'/fel^^ *jl *i IUU 1 k 4*
?j? w«r 5^ i\^ een curec ' 1
& fe^>^V \JUw*J I \ THERE ARE THOUSANDS OF CURES LIKE THIS: *f
ff<? | mA/~ V^-J \ • UNION HOUSE, Sacramento County, Cal., Oct. 17, 1898. ?£?
,*, Msff^ %& -iiL-L-^y DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: The Belt received from you some time ago has proved a Godsend to me. it has done wonders for me, and has put my wife j*.
*»* r^Sr* * 1 X *K^^a=^-ii J fa; In better health than she has been for years. She has Rained in strength, and feels as good as she could wish. It has completely cured me of seminal weak- •»*
i Hi \ t -&r<~^»>zJJr* ness and am strong In every way, and feel as well as I ever did. The Belt has done what doctors and patent medicines failed to do. and think it a cheap cure. •
?r? BT \ y *-V ' V jtf#iff?«'C9 as i' had spent over $200 trying to get relief for myself and wife. 1 feel very grateful, for God only knows what I suffered before trying the Belt. I had about T3?
.•'. IT V«w I V. M i JEMSoSr given up hope, and was sick and tired of trying different things with the same result. I cannot tell you how I feel toward you, but will do all that I can to .-*
*%* ™ J* '.. I / «H9BK7' make known the good I have received from your Bolt and advice. You can use this letter as you like, and can refer any one to me you wish and I will easily •$*
, I «^v\\ W»Jsh£_ iJt&BeB&jA prove what I say is true. Wishing your licit the success it deserves, I remain, yours very truly, J. W. YELNIC.
% I ........ MY book /s free TO y0u.'...... +
*& »^ik M famous book ' "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," explains how I cure weakness of men, shows why medicine cannot cure it, and gives volumes of proof tf*
*?* W^w^*^ ■^rPffivßE '■"'■ SiHi It is FREE. Call and test the powerful current this wonderful Belt gives and see how easily it is regulated. Don't be ignorant of a remedy which may correct i^i
_,#_ **9' Xajß>* qffliPSyifißjpP^ all your past mistakes and assure your future happiness. If you cannot call send for my book. Call preferred. •
* r%D r\ HP GSk r\ IXJF^Hr^TVT 702 TWarlcet Street, not in drug stores. *
~tk> -JL^l^:# /-V« * • ■^^-f" - *l [A— f *r-*' L ?> Cor. Kearny, San Francisco. ' Dr. Sanden . Elfctri - Bolt i. never *
i& Office Hours— a m to Bp. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 232 "West Second street; Portland, Or., 253. Washington street; sold in drug stores nor by traveling <£&
I " Denver, Colo.', 931 Sixteenth street; Dallas, Tex., 255 Main street; Butte, Mont., 110 North Main street. [ agents— only at our office. | •
Cisco counties. This evening he tele
phoned to County Clerk Jordan to ask if
there was not a certificate of transfer
on tile In this county.
Fitzgerald was informed that he had
never canceled his registration In this
county, and he Is registered as a voter of
Berk. -ley. As registration closed at mid
night the name < annot now be taken off
the great register.
LIEUTENANT BENNETT'S LUCK.
The Ex-Police Officer Finds a Rich
Gold Mine in the North.
It will be gratifying to the many friends
of ex-1-.ieutenant George W. Bennett, who
was connected with the Police Depart
ment of this city for over twenty years
and who was pensioned off a few months
ago, to learn that he "struck It rich" up
north.
Immediately after Bennett's retirement
from the police force he went north for
his health, and did not stop until he
reached St. Michael, where he met some
of his San Francisco acquaintances.
Those friends were going farther north,
and they induced the lieutenant to ac
company them. They traveled until they
reached a place known as Golofnin iiay,
100 miles due north of St. Michael. Here
they started in prospecting, and luck fa
vored them from the start. They found
an abundance of paying gold within a
few feet of the soil under the moss cov
ering.
No time was lost In forming a com
pany of the seventeen men that consti
tuted the prospecting party. Twenty
two claims were at once staked off. and
the little band proceeded to burrow under
the moss, where gold was found in large
quantities in a gravel bed. One of tin
party who desired to return home sold
one of his claims for $1000. He still re
tains some claims and shares I" the
company, and will return as soon as
spring opens.
Bennett's health became fully restored,
and he gained flesh to the extern of
twenty pounds since he left the Pot!
From last accounts; the popular officer
will return a millionaire to greet his
numerous friends. His wifts and children
reside in the Potrero, and were delighted
to hear of the good fortune of the head
of the Rennett household. The company
had started in to build its winter quarters
as soon as lack frost made his appear
ance. There are plenty of provisions In
camp at Golofnin Bay to keep the white
wolf from the door until next spring.
ST. PATRICKS BAZAAR.
Brought to a Close Last Evening by
Father Yorke.
St. Patrick's grand bazaar, which was
opened a few weeks ago by Governor
Budd, the most prominent layman in the
State, was brought to a close last even
ing by Father Yorke, one of the most
prominent and ablest clerics In the city.
The address delivered was given In the
nature of a tribute, and was in eulogy of
the indefatigable efforts of the ladies in
charge of the various booths and the good
work of the- priests of the parish,
who were instrumental in making the ba- i
zaar a success.
"I have opened many fairs, but this Is
the first time in my career," said the
speaker, "that I have been called upon j
to close one.
"I can only thank the ladies for their
good and noble work in striving to make
the first fair given in the history of St.
Patrick's Church a success. It seems j
that the general public has a false im
pression of fairs or' this kind. There are
men who believe, or at least pay they do,
that any one that goes to a church fair
is bound to be 'skinned.' They look upon
them as they do the church, and repeat
the old expression that the church is good
enough for women and children.
"If the church is good enough for
women and children." he exclaimed, "It ,
is good enough for men. To the women of !
this country the church owes much. They
have preserved its doctrines and sup
ported Its existence when others have
failed. They have always nocked to the
cross and to the tabernacle for consola
tion and to pray for those who stay
away. It was a woman who was last at
the cross and first at the sepulcher."
After a digression on the noble part
woman has played in furthering the
existence of the church, Father Yorke
concluded with a hope that the people
in St. Patrick's parish would be able
In the near future to look upon their
church with the proud thought that it
was one of the most imposing Catholic
edifices in the city.
Catherine Sandell's Estate.
The battle for the property of the late
Catherine Sandeu has again been carried
into tiie courts. A short time prior to her
death .Mrs. Sandell, who was a wid
TO years, deeded to her husband, John A.
Sandeii, a barber of 25 years. pr<
valued at (10,000. In a complaint
•day by Amelia A. Sherman and
Margaret C. Breeder, daughters of the
cd. they se"k to set aside
the deed on the ground that it was pro
cured through duress and fraud.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION
OF NATIONAL GUARDSMEN
WORK OF THE SURGEON TO COM-
MENCE ON TUESDAY.
The Mustering Officers of the Second
Brigade Have Been Named and
Reorganization Will Pro
ceed Rapidly.
The blanks upon which to make a rec
ord of the physical examination of the
mpn who are to compose the new Na
tional Guard of the State of California
were received by the proper officers yes
terday and the work of examination will
commence on Tuesday night in the First
Regiment armory.
The first examinations will be of those
who have applied to form companies B
utid L of the First Regiment. They will
be conducted under the direction of Sur
geon Gallwey of the Governor's staff,
and will be superintended by Major Far
go, mustering officer. Those who have
applied to form companies E and H will
be examined at the same armory by Ma
jors Evans and Wagner, also mustering
officers, will superintend the examlna
offlcers, on Wednesday night, and then
Major Jansen, chairman of the mustering
tinn of those who wish to form companies
C and G at the Ellis street armory- After
thru the physical examinations of all the
niht-rs will be proceeded with as rapidly
as possible, and as soon as prac
tlcable after the examination of each
company those who have passed satis
rily will he mustered in. That being
the case It Is probable that by the mld
<ll<- of November more than half of the
companies of the brigade will have been
mustered in.
Companies I> and F of the Fifth Regt
iii• nt are ready at any time to undergo
the physical test.
Major H-. A. Wcgncr. quartermaster and
paymaster on the staff of General War
field, lias been detailed to preside at an
election on November 10 for captain of
Companj A of the Fifth, vice Captain
Poulter, whose term is- about to expire.
He vvili be a candidate for re-election and
It is asserted that he will not have any
opposition.
The resignation of lieutenant H. B.
Underfill! Jr., paymaster of the Naval
Militia, bas been accepted.
Lieutenant Colonel T. J. Hay (retired.)
lias i.cen granted leave of absence for
one year. This officer was detailed from
the retired list for service on the Third
Brigade stall as acting assistant adjutant
general. While holding that position he
■ j ti'.>' volunteer service as captain,
of one of the companies of the heavy ar
tillery Btationed at Ume Point. After
serving in that capacity for some time he
retired from the service and returned to
the National Guard, and is now absent on
leave.
Lieutenant MoNear of the Naval Militia,
stationed at San IMei<o, has been granted
leave of absence for ninety days.
Captain L. H. Turner, Lieutenant C. E.
Lindsay and Lieutenant W. E. Elliott
have been appointed a board to investi
gate the charge of Bhortage of State
property that has been made against the
Naval Militia, report the causes and lix
the responsibility. This refers to prop
erty that has been missing since the time
a former commander was in charge.
Lieutenant Commander Nerney, execu
fflcer of the Naval Miiitia, has re
turned from Mexico and has reported for
duty again.
Captain Turner, commanding the Naval
Miiitia. is recovering fro,m his recent at
tack of illness which confined him to his
for thr< •■ weeks.
Lieutenant Colonel T. J. Hay ("retired),
Major L. F. Winch. 'll and G. W. Jones,
[nfantry, have been detailed to mi
te and report on the loss by fire
of certain property for which Brigadier
General Muller is responsible.
The signal corps of the Second Brigade
Is making arrangements for a practice
ride.
Turf Notes.
The Morse Patrol Agency will have
charge of the gates and betting ring at
both [ngleside and Oakland race tracks
the coming season. Last winter Pinker
ton men looked after the outside Interests
of the Ingleslde Association, but yester
day it was given out that the local de
tectlve agency would replace them when
that track again opens Its gates.
The names of two or three different
people have been mentioned for the po
sition of clerk of the scales at Ingleslde,
and now It is said Norman Brough, for
merly handlcapper at the old Bay Dis
trict track will be appointed to rill the
position. He will also do the handicap
ping.
Indorsed the Sewing Company.
The TtuiMincr Trades Council has passed
resolutions iinlnrsiru? thp work of the
Woman's Co-operative Sewing Company,
ami pl»-<lfcing the support of the council
CONTROLS A GREAT CIRCUS.
B. E. WALLACE, Proprietor of the Big Shov*
Seen at Central Park During the
Past Week.
DURING the past week a great circus has been in the city and
thousands of parents, accompanied by their liitle ones have nightly
sat under an immense stretch of canvas and have enjoyed a per
formance enacted in three rings and on one stage at the same
tlm n is an interesting fact that one man and not a corporation looks
after the destinies of the whole circus Wallace the head
The above picture is an excellent likeness of B. E. Wallace tne neaa
of the big organization that ha 3 contributed so much to the pleasure of
local resi fonts He is surrounded by a band of capable assistants, for he
needs them in the tremendous undertaking. Mr. Wallace has been in the
"how business for many years, and during that period has succeeded in
drawing around mm the leading performers of the world and a collection
of wild animals second to none In existence. „„„,.*„ -mi
During the early hours of to-morrow morning the big cara\ an win
fold its tents and wend its way from the city in search of pastures new
To-night the concluding performance will be given, and it is ikel> that
thousands will avail themselves of a last opportunity of viewing one of
the best circuses that has visited this city.
to the new organization. The object of
the company is to provide needy and de
serving needlewomen with employment.
RECEPTION TO REUBEN LLOYD.
Reuben H. Lloyd, recently elected grand
master at the triennial conclave of the
Knights Templar at Pittsburg, Pa., la ex
pected home in a short time.
In honor of his elevation to the grand
mastership, it has been proposed by the
Knights Templar of California to tender
Mr. Lloyd a reception on his return.
California Commandery No. 1, Knights
Templar, of which Mr. Lloyd is a mem
ber and p.. si commander, has taken the
initiative In arranging for the contem
plated rt-.-eption. The past commanders
and tl ' officers of the command
ery, consisting of the following gentle
men, have been appointed a committee,
with power to arrange for the affair:
k. I', ilurlbut, chairman: H. T. Graves,
W. M. Rundell, W. H. L. Barnes, George
T. Bromley, F. H. Day, J. ML Lll
H. 11. Pearson. B. P. Flint. Peter D< in
R. B. Cole, Thomas Kyle, B. N. Deuprey,
Martin Jones, W. Irvrin and J. P. Fr
commander; John Tonningson, generalis
simo; E. B. Church, prelate; Carroll Cook
senior warden; H. B. Ream, junior war
den: Thomas Morton, treasurer, and Johi
Logan, warden.
The reception will consist of a social
supplemented by a banquet, rovers beini
spread in the elegant asylum of the com
mandery for about 500 ladies and gentle
men, at which choice vocal and instru
mental music will be a prominent feature
Toasts and eloquent responses thereto bj
prominent Templars will be in order
n Cate. Oakland. San Jose and Sac
■mmanderies will be represent
cd at the reception by leading memberi
of the several 1
The affair promises to be a notabl*
event in the history of Templar Masonrj
on this coast. The date of the receptior
cannot be determined until Mr. Lloyd'i
return.
Became Insane on the Overland.
OAKLAND. Oct. 22.— John Welsh, aged
35 years, became suddenly insane on th«
delay< ■• 'hat arrived at Six
teenth-street station to-night, and waj
taken to the Receiving Hospital. He wai
accompanied by his wife, and was on hit
way from Illinois to San Francisco.DEDICATED
THE NEW HOME
OF MEDICINE
Opening of Affiliated
Colleges.
A THRONG IN ATTENDANCE
ADDRESSES BY DR. BEVERLY
COLE AND DR. ROWELL.
New Center of the Medical Depart
ment. University of California,
Is Most Modern in Ap
pointments.
With Impressive ceremonies In keeping
■if the occasion the
medical department,
Univ( rr.ia, on the heights
den Gate Park from the
yesterday afternoon.
g attended the exercises.
le their way through the
. lecture rooms of the great
;>■, however, the crowd gathered in
irium where the inaugural
es were to be held. Hanging on the
:. • back of the auditorium stage
: ro than full length portrait of
• Butro, while a bust por
tne man was placed on the
of the stage, leaning against the
Ing desk. This latter was later on
men of the college to
ulty.
At to 3 the orchestra, which
■.ing various se
of the front halls, played
>!i of those
directly Interested in the university and
- marched ::
g c. The three
i the center of th< stage
: ■ • r£ BB< pres
e university, with l>r. K. Bev
upon his right and the Rev.
ke up his left. Tb<
k as introduced by 1 ■-
■ red the prayer and ir.w
ill to rite . In the
after which he n
nd well selected
■
i been
c rose
pening address. He said:
■ni from very
in the history of civilized
te inaugu
tni-publlc build: :.e sort
Ith this old
• w ■ . brate
illdlng as a home
artment o£ the Uni
buildings have been rear
s' but this
• >urs! It belongs
■: tiie In:.
ulty of the
of that university,
the members ■
; mysell work
this day. Ladii s
■ : red <>rrv
you on this
. my heart. No
thor
-i.'iple thing
: . home
■ :.•> university."
Ingly of the
I
n tor
egea buildings.
. S -
.-■ [uently
- i novice. He
■ • .. _•• upon
. :;:•-■ :.■•■<! the
- rsity at a time
at of mcd
- ■ this country
torium be known
. .rr». 1 >r. ( Joli
"J : ry similar Institution
I their ar
il] wa.s pas
j to exam
- . s of the
In company
li is the result i I
. we have em
k but Ik- "here
ding < iwell
of medical edu
.
■ ■ lassrooms an -
.m; and here we. have
really admitted to be the
• anatomical dissection in
r!d."
concluded i.is remarks by men
rs a iid me
- '- I ontri
tion of
He paid a handsome tribute
ident of
rt M< Killlcan, and of the
•'" the At!;. Julius
Kraft. In known to him had so
public building
few changes in the
during construction; and furtherr:; ire,
there ■• of about $3>i remain
ing mil appropriation.
Dr. Cole witl z-<; for the ab
v. ho wap to have
• red an address, and then intr>
GRAPE-NUTS.
H-H-B-E-H-B-B-H-H-B-B
7 //- THE COST I
■ ' 0 OF MEAT i
B B
I RICH CREAM m
■ WITH ■
■ II
■ Grape-Nuts »
I A charming dish. "
B ■
■-■-■-■-■- -B -B -B-B-B
VALUE OF CREAM
As Compared With Meat.
One of the most valuable items in
«ne's dietary is good, rich cream. The
remark is frequently made that "cream
is too expensive to use freely." Some
people think they must have meat
every day at 10 and 25 cents per pound
and do not realize that 5 cents', worth
of pure cream for breakfast will do
more to put on flesh than 25 or 30 cents'
worth of meat.
An ideal portion of breakfast is that
obtained from say, four teaspoons of
Grape-Nuts a: I a little, pure thick
cream, either cold or hot.
This ie one of the most delicious
dishes imaginable and Is served with- !
out cooking or trouble of any kind
and cannot be equaled in point of food
value for the human body.
Made by the Postum Co., at Battle
Creek, Mich.
The Grape-Nutß, consisting largely
of grape-sugar, have passed through
proceeseß fiimU.-r to the first act of di-
gestion and are therefore most easily
digested, and In combination with
cream, they render th« cream Itself
easy of digestion.
Grocers sell Grape-Nuts. ,
NEW MUSIC STAND FOR GOLDEN GATE PARK.
Plans fop the .New Music Stand for Golden Sate Park. .Have Been Completed. It Will Be Located in Wfoat Was ttje fipand Court of the
Midwintep Faip fipounds.
Professor Kellogg, president of the uni
versity. President Kellogg said:
"One of the regents will speak to you
on behalf of the Board of Regents, bo I
shall not encroach upon his ground. I
wish to emphasize the sympathy which
exists between those departments of the
university which are located in San Fran
cisco and those which are located In
Berkeley. All the departments are but
branches of the one great university." He
then sketched the reverses which the
medical department had met with in its
first two efforts to secure the State ap
'■■ propriation and the success which had
! attended the passage of the third uul.
"At that time the departments of the
! university in Berkeley were sadly in need
of enlarged quarters. Almost all the de
partments and -buildings were overcrowd
ed and we had hoped to secure a suit-
I able appropriation for the needed enlarge
ments.
"But when we realized that to urge the
passage of a bill of appropriation for the
departments at Berkeley would seriously
militate, against the passage of the ap
propriation for the Affiliated Colleges—
for it was hardly possible that both ap
propriations would be mad-—w e decided
to withdraw the bill tor our appropriation
and wait until the Affiliated Colleges had
secured their ne.w homes. As you know,
the bill was passed and was signed by the
Governor. I mention this only to show
you that there is a deep sympathy be
tween the departments of the university,
which will tend to make it Indeed a great
university. Five years ago I was intro-
d uced to a meeting In the East as the
president of a. great university, and now
we are much greater than we were at
1 that time." He then spoke of the value
of continued effort even if at first it was
unfruitful
Dr. Chester Rowell was then introduced,
and on the part of the Board of Regents
delivered the following address:
On behalf of the Board of Regent! I con
gratulate the University of California and its
friends the people of this State, on the com
pletion of these new buildings for the Affil
iated Colleges, and especially may we con
gratulate ourselves that bo much has been ac
complished in so short a time and with the ex
penditure of so little money. It is doubtful If
in the record of construction of public build
: Ings in this or any other State can be found
1 an example of four large and artistic buildings
' all well adapted for their purposes, a.-* schools
; ot" law. medicine, pharmacy, dentistry and
veterinary surgery, all finished for the orlß
' inal and only legislative appropriation of $250.
000
And these buildings have been built to stand
and serve their purposes indefinitely.
The State has been generous to the univer
sity nnd its growth has been marvelous. It
has 'now been generous to these so-called pro
fessional schools, and it may be hoped that
. their growth and standing may be in keeping
with that of the parent institution.
As has been the ca.^e in most of the educa
tional institutions of our country, our profes
STANFORD WINS A HARD-FOUGHT BATTLE
Stanfords 5, Olympics O.
rpHREE times the Olympics smelled the
I damp, Hme-washed Stanford goal line
yesterday, but they did not cross It,
damp, lime-washed Stanford #o;il lini
yesterday, but they did not cross it,
and therefore they have a round zero
for their score, and their hearts nre blue
with the tincture of indigo. Stanford
passed the line but once, which was suf
flcent to give the five points and the vic
tory In the second football game with the
Olympics.
The game yesterday was full of excite
ment and good playing, although at times
It was ragged to an abnormal degree. In
the first half the Olympics were twice on
the Stanford five-yard line, and lost the
ball by unfair holding. It was twice on
Stanford five-yard Hne, and lost the
by unfair holding. It was the deci
sion of Umpire Coehran thai took the
ball from the clubmen and put It in the
hands of the collegian* just when it meant
victory to one and defeat to the other.
The holding of the Olympic center ruined
the chances of the club men to wipe out
the stain of the three preceding defeats
and left the red and white cohorts devoid
of heart and spirit to do things. The
third time that Stanford's goal was in
danger was during the second half, after
a brilliant run by Percy Morse. Hut three
yards to go and three trials to accomplish
th^rTthfce dd nßten Bte8 ter nn ww e as tried and then both
aides of the line. Wilson went against the
Stanford line, which suddenly seemed to
Htiffen and hold like steel girders. The
Olympics were surprised, but satisfied
that the next assault would prove
fruitful. Mors«, the gritty half-back, who
doe* not stop until an eleven Is pyramid
ed on his back, tried the right de of the
line Stanford reputed bin attack, and
still' the necessary- distance was between
the Olympics and a touchdown, Dum
THE SAJV FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1898.
sional departments have been the outgrowth
of individual efforts, rather than the result of
fixed plans of the Regent*. The endowment of
Hastings College of Law by Judge Hastings
more than twenty years ago resulted In its
adoption us an affiliated department of the
university eventually entitled to the care of
the State. The generous gift of that valuable
and well-equipped medical college by the late
Dr. 11. 11. Toland has provided the university
, With one of the most Important departments
; and has put the name of Toland among those
of the university's early benefactors and per
petually Coined it to its medical department.
The noble and unseltlsh gift of W. A. Searles,
by which the Mark Hopkins School of Art be
i came a permanent department of the uni
versity, has not only given us a valuable de
i partment, but has been of Incalculable benefit
to the university by serving as a precedent for
succeeding benefactors who have already given
' much and earned the right to a place among
the names on its roll of honor. And so I might
mention the names of Hopkins, and Mills, and
Wllmerdlng, and Flood, and many others who
have contributed funds for establishing pro
fessorships or departments, all of which have
added to the fame and the usefulness of the
university.
And In this connection It is proper to men
; tion, and mention kindly and with gratitude,
the name of the generous donor of the land
upon which have been erected these splendid
; structures, the Hon. Adolph Sutro. Who
ever knew Mr. Sutro and discussed
1 with him his plans for aiding; the uni
versity, establishing a great and unique li
brary and giving to the common people of San
Francisco a place of resort, where all that
I is Innocently pleasure giving, where the beau
■ tiful in art and the soul-inspiring grandeur of
the sea and the Golden Gate Could be enjoyed
■ with little or no cost, can appreciate In Its
! true spirit the gift of this most beautiful spot.
Hut it is the medical department of our in
; stitution that claims special attention to-day.
But medicine as a profession has outgrown
! the profession of even twenty-five years ago,
as the sewing machine and the factory have
supplanted the needle and the hand loom.
If the element of selfishness could be elim
inated from medical studies, if the knowledge
■ required were purely of a scientific character
; and of common benefit to all, If medical isms
: and fails could be killed by an enlightened
■ public sentiment and a broad spirit of human
sympathy, overshadowing every mercenary mo
tive of the practice of medicine, could become
: the distinctive attribute of every practitioner,
1 then the State could well afford to equip and
i maintain medical schools and give sum to
I the men educated after they entered upon their
service toward humanity.
If this school Is to be successful and ac
i complish its life purpose, most of the respon
sibility and most of the credit of making It
i so must still belong to the medical men di
rectly charged with its management.
It Is the supreme pur] of this institution
' to edurate men for the profession, not train
them for the business of medicine.
Dr. Cole then Introduced Dr. "Washing
ton Dodge, who made the address for the
faculty of the medical department. Dr.
Dodge said in part:
As this occasion marks something more than
founded and confused, the ciub men Lined
up for the last chance to send the ball
over. Sheeny, mighty of strength and
ability in line play, was selected to save
his team. The signal was given, and the
revolving wedge was started against the
right aide of the Stanford line, but Sheeny
was held and buried underneath a heap
of squirming red-shirted Stanfordltes just
a single yard from the goal posts. It was
the prettiest work of the day and the best
seen in any game played in this city for
many years.
Altogether the game was far and away
better than anything this season has
given uh. The score— s to o— tells a tale
of one touchdown, but it does not give
a picture of the laboring Olympians close
to the posts of their enemy. There was
kicking and running enough to satisfy
the most ardent shouter for open play,
and fumbling In such goodly quantities
that the man who likes sudden changes
was likewise made happy. Every variety
Of play was used with good and poor
results, and the officials kept the specta
tors guessing as to which side had the.
ball at the end of every play. The off
side plays and the holding received
prompt penalties from Umpire Cochran
and Referee Cross.
Individually some very good football was
seen. Sheehy would tear holes through
the Stanford line until large draughts
would rush down the field. Sexton and
Ersklne were in evidence, and now and
then McNutt was found In the heap do-
Ing good service. Percy Morse was al
ways there, making runs of fifty yards'
distance and using a straight arm on
Murphy that leveled the latter In the
dust. Wilson and MoNevln proved a
great power to the Olympics, better on
the offensive than on trie defensive. Mur
phy, for the Cardinals, played his usual
fast game, making runs of varied lengths
and punts that Balled with the wind for
half the distance of the gridiron. Fisher,
who Buffered from a sprained hand, was
the simple opening of the new home of the
Affiliated Colleges, as It marks the passing of
the control of the medical department very
largely out of the hands of the medical fac
ulty and Into the hands of the Regents, it is
but' tilting that to the Regents more particu
larly should be directed these thoughts and
■peculations, for with them will largely rest
the responsibility for th.- future of the medical
department, SI all It become a center of learn
ing and thought, so that in. it throughout
the world knowledge shall radiate in all direc
tions adding no «mall part to the world's
rate of progress, and calling attention to the
fact that here on the edge of the continent Is
a State institution of which all Americans may
well be proud Shall it do this, and shall it
■end out from Its doors to practice the art and
science ot saving life and ameliorating pain
and sorrow men and women so well equipped
for their life work that ail men may exult in
their ability and all the taxpayers of the State
take credit and glory to themselves in th« fact
that It Is their doing winch made medical
science lee! the fresh young life blood ot Cali
fornia? Shall the medical department do these
things, or shall it lapse into Innocuous desue
tude, stagnate and simply continue to exist,
doing nothing either for Itself, lor science, for
the people and the State that gave it bo ex
cellent an encouragement? When, as will so
soon be the case, the Regents are the actual
governors of the medical department, then with
them will lie the responsibility, and at their
door will be laid either the laurel wreath of
Fame or the objurgations of the citizens who
have thrown away their money.
Hut. it may be asked, of wnat use will all
this be to the community? And the answer
to that question depends largely upon the
answer to the previous questions in regard to
the future of this department. If Improve
ment and perfection be the guiding word ever
on the lips of the governors of the university,
the Regents and the faculty, then the bent-tits
to the community will be immense. Not alone
will it have a very strong effect upon the edu
cational tone of the whole system of the State,
not alone will it attract to the city and to the
State student* and patients, but it will have
a material effect upon the sanitary conditions of
the city and the State. With advances in the
learning and the research and the diffusion of
knowledge go advances in the line of general
public improvement; with the spread of knowl
edge and the higher tone of professional stand
ing will go Improvement in the sanitation and
condition of the city, as well as of the State.
In the laboratories can be done work that will
be of unlimited value to the medical profes
sion and to the public through the medical
men. Here will be baoteriol gle and pathological
research laboratories doing work directly af
fecting conditions of health and disease. Un
der the control of the medical department of
the State University should be the conduction
of all post-mortem examinations in all cases
which may fall within the province of the law
courts; here should be conducted, by an offi
cial of the State University, all examinations
effecting the public health; here should be
th« pis •■ where the medical practitioners if the
State may cr>me> for certain knowledge and
information which their patients, the people
of the State, whose taxes have built and will
support this branch of the university, will
profit by.
Situated as these buildings are, here on the
Olympics Play Good Ball and
Thrice Scent Touch
downs,
in every play, and Parker distinguished
himself at right end. The Olympics
played a much better game, displaying
some show of interference and cohesive
work. Stanford'B center was weak and
their piay lacked concentration of effort.
The officials wfro Garrett Coohran, um
pire; Harry P. Cross, reforee; Code and
Hunt, linesmen.
The teams lined up as follows:
Olympic*. Positions. Stanford.
I Tomllrsnn R— End— L McFadden
I or JJcNutt.
very verge of the American continent, overlook- i
ing the broad I'acine. on the farther shores uf I
which civilization first had its birth and learn-
Ing its very commencement, and on the hlgh
land overlooking the city with its tolls and
tumults, Its cares and worries, Kh commercial
ism and hurry, the one fact should be borne
In the mind always and forever, that this le
an Institution of learning, of research, of study,
and the commercial spirit which seems to be
s-l/uly creeping Into the practloa of medicine j
should here be lost sißht of and forgotten.
Misß R. L. Ash. a graduate of Berke
ley and a student of the medical depart
ment, then presented a portrait of Adolph |
Sutro. On behalf of the women students .
she presented the portrait to the fac- I
Ulty, and re.quested that it be hung in a :
o-'iis-piruous' place in the building. Dr.
Cole accepted the gift for the faculty, ,
and said that it would be BO hung.
Among those present were: Regents
gg, Foote, Wallace, Houghton and
Denicke; Drs. Cole, Powers, Kcrr. Wil
liamson, Spencer, Levitt. Montgomery,
Sherman, Dodge, Green, Newmark, l>'An
cona, Robertson, Swan, Lengfeld, IJarbat i
and Jones, of the faculty: Drs. Gorldard
and Sullivan of the dental department, j
and among the invited guests on the
stage, William Carey Jones, Drs. Dunn,
WadSWOrth and Aver.
AMERICAN COMMISSION
MAY USE FORCE AT HAVANA
Spaniards Shipping Cannon Despite
th© Protest Against the
Eight to Do So.
Special Dispatch to The CaJl and the Xew York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1596, by James Gor»
don Bennett.
IT A V ANA via Key West. Fla.), Oct. 22.
While there is little or no danper of a
physical cla.«h between Spaniards and
Americans, it may be understood that af
fairs in Havana have reached a critical
stage. Acting under the directions of
i ieneral Blanco, the censor last night pro
hibited any reference in cable dispatches
to the difficulty, my last dispatches be
ing almost entirely destroyed.
The trouble followed the serving of the
written protests by the American Com
mission against the sale of cannon to .F.
li. Hammel. No attention was paid to
the protest by the Spaniards, who coolly
proceeded to load the cannon on light
ers for delivery. This reached the ears
of the American Commissioners, who or
dered Captain Brooks to proceed in full
uniform to the Maestranza de Arttlleira,
there to take exact note of everything
;i« 'ne. His presence was objected to by
the offloiulH, who were informed by Cap
tain Brooks that he took orders only
Shsehy R— Tackle— L Emerson
Hoag R— Guard— L. Blanehar<i
or CnJrnM
Bandy ■ . ..Center Oilman
or Dlglow
Sexton It- Ouard— R Jamei
or Cairns
Ersklne V— Tacklo— R RusU
McLaine L— End— R Parker
Weldon Quarter Murphy
Morse R— Half— L Rublneon
or Clinton
Wilson I<-Half-R Fisher
i McNevln , full Back Hill
from the American Commission, to whom
a protest against his presence should be
made. He remained until he had counted
160 cannon taken away and saw another
gun of many tons In weight placed aboard
the Alfonso XII.
Captain Brooks' report resulted In an
immediate session of the commission,
when It was decided to Bend a cabLe to
the President, asking power to enforce
respect of its protests.
If the administration upholds the posi
tion of the commission the Scorpion will
be brought around from Matanzas, and
It Is believed that powerful representa
tives of the navy will be sent to Havana,
ARCHBISHOP KEANE
SUMMONED TO ROME
Goes to Discuss the Position of the
Church in America's New
Possessions.
NKW YORK, Oct. 22.-Archbishop
Keane'a departure for Rome on the
Werra to-day was a surprise to his
friemls in this country. He had not In
tended to Bail until December, when
Archbishop Inland of St. Paul was to
have pone with him. His hurried de
parture, a prominent Catholic clergyman
said, was due to the fact that he was
summoned to Rome to make a report on
the state of feeling in America In regard
to the annexation of the Philippines and
the attitude of the American people to
ward the Catholic church in Cuba, Porto
Rico and other new American posses
sions.
Archbishop Keane attended a meeting
of Archbishops of the liiite.l States held
in \\ashington n w«pk ago and consulted
with different Archbishops as to the views
of their dioceses as to the church taking
aggressive steps toward Americanizing
the new possessions.
Another thing Archbishop Keane want?
to report on is the step necessary on the
part of the church to counteract* the ag
gressive missionary work that has been
begun by the Protestant churches. The
large collections taken up last Sunday in
Protestant churches to send missionaries
t.> Cuba and Porto Rico will not escape
attention In the Archbishop's report to
the Pope.
SULTAN BANQUETS
EMPEROR WILLIAM
And Now the Police Renew Their
Efforts to Protect the Travel
ing- Sovereigns.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct 22.— At the j
grand farewell banquet here last nipht
the Sultan was seated between the Em
peror and the Kmpress of Germany. At
about 10 o'clock their Imperial German
Majesties withdraw to the Moraspln Kiosk
and the Emperor afterward returned the
farewell visits of the diplomatic corps
In the meantime, the Sultan and his son,
Prince Mehemmed Helim Effendi, conduct
ed the Empress, the wife of the German
Embufisador and the maids of honor to
the harem, where they conversed with tne
Valideh Sultana, the Princesses and other
ladies. Artin Pasha's daughter acting as
interpreter. Emperor William presented a
prold snuffbox to the Turkish Minister of
Foreipn Affairs, Tewtik Pasha.
The Emperor and Empress of Germany
left here for Palestine at 5:10 o'clock this j
evening. They received an ovation from
t"he crowds of people assembled to witness
the departure.
BEYROUT, Syria. Oct. 22.— Tn view of '
the approaching visit of the Emperor and
Empress of Germany to this place, the |
police are preventing all the Italian work- i
men from landing, and Greeks and Anne- !
nians are closely watched. An Italian |
who Is believed to be an anarchist is sup
posed to have lande,) at a port on the
CLAIRVIIXE HOTEL'S DEAD.
Mrs. Martin oi Oroville, a Waitress,
the Fifth Victim.
RENO, Nev., Oct. 22.— -Charley Roberts,
whose hotel was burned at Clairville yes
terday morning, arrived here to-night
and Mrs. Coronada, en route to Carson,
where they will be burled. Mr. Roberts
says he lost everything he had and that
the loss will aggregate $5000; no insurance.
The name of the waitress was Mrs. Mar
tin of Oroville. Cal.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. lr,i7-1023 Mission.
Western Addition Democrats.
A meeting of Democrats was held last
night In Phelps' Hall, Devlsadero and
Page streets. Speeches were made by the
following candidates now seeking the suf
frage of the people: John P. Dunn,
Rhodes Borden, Leonard Stone, George
H. Cabaniss, 1,. F. Bylngton. Francis
Polk. Dr. Clinton. William C. White, F.
J. Burke, Judpe Mogan, William J.
Burke. Finlay Cook, T. F. Bonnet. James
Denman. John H. Grady. L. F. Bartlett,
Washington Dodge and James D. Phelan.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
Indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strength through his new
and original system of treatment.
RIJPTI XX cured by his new meth-
od, without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painh ss, sure and perma-
nent cure. YARlCOrELK.hydro-
cele, swelling and tenderness of the
glands treated with unfailing success.
i 'ftUtiifflouo blood p»i»on In any
of its stages thoroughly eradicated
from the system. I,n<H©» will receive
special attention for their many ail-
ments. WRITE If you cannot call.
No charge for advice by mail. He will
also send you a valuable book, "Guide
to Health," ftoee of charge. Address
F. L. SWEANY. M. D., 737 Market
street, San Francisco, Cal.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
i <$> O <$> O♦O <§> O <$> O O <3>O <£ O <§><><$■ o<so<s'o<&
o o
A it — <^
I THE SALE |
<» o
6 OF OUR <3>
I Life-Saving!
! Shoes !
| INCREASES DAILY! |
1 EVERY LADYTHOULD HAVE I
0 A PAIR FOR WINTER WEAR !§
! — ♦
0 THESE SHOES ♦
<? Are made of the finest o
% quality French kid, welted %
% sewed soles, stitched o
° edges; the soles are thick o
% and soft — after wearing |
% them a few days they are o
° easy as a turn sole; all o
% styles, all sizes, lace and o
1 button— . %
! <r^ PER ♦
g 3>0.0U PAIR o
9 o
q Those who have worn them know «£
4, them, and those who do not should °
6 know them— if they waht ease, com- £
fort and protection from dampness. >#
° o
I Special for 1
I This Week: I
9 o
0 Ladies' Fine Quality Box %
j 9 Calf Kangaroo Lace Shoes, %
joj o sewed soles, stitched %
j 0 edges, coin toe and tip — %
I o mo rrffc PER %
♦ JpZ.OU PAIR I
\t %
% Also about 1400 pairs of °
j % Ladies' Full Dress Lace £
♦ Shoes, very latest st '"' — %
1 $2.50 pp A R §
— %
% IF EITHER OF THE ABOVE ARE %
? NOT AS REPRESENTED RETURN O
0 THEM AT OUR EXPENSE. *
6 ♦
1 WE HAVE JUST ISSUED I
| 100,900 CATALOGUES. §
■•> Send us your address on a postal '**
9- and we will send a Catalogue that ,:,
q you may save $10 to $20 by order- o
.:> ing your Shoes from our house. . <$>
% |
6 o
% llUJJilll iiliUUi 2
g PHELAN BUILDING, °
9 812-814 Market Street, San Francisoo. %
o °
«o*o*o*o'-0*0*0''OAO^O*OfO^O»
STANDARD MIXED
PAINT!
AT MANUFACTURERS* PRICE.
C O Gallon
Reduced from Jl 25 per gallon.
Color Card Sent Free.
Money Back If You Do HOC Like It.
BUSWELL PAINT co.,
302 Market St., Cor. Front, S. F.
Aalc your CATARRH
Druggist uAlAnnh
for a generoug — «a*JS*
1O CENT FW&«S- y
TRIAL SIZE. B^ M c^»Bi?|
ELY'S B*™«S!ls!a
CREAM BALM lr> v" l^^
contains no cocaine, raer- '&SS\\
cury or any other Injurious gßßja^-^-^jiS^EKfil
dl It opens and cleans lli«W\-^'* T>>^l
Nasal Passages, Allays ■•-.-
Pain »nd Inflammation. Of] I n ' [I Irl T\
Heals and Protects the LuLUinH[llU
Membrane. UU LU 111 1 1 LnU
Restores the Senses of
Taste and Smell. Is quickly absorbed. Gives
relief at once. 50 cts. at Druggists or by mall;
Trial Si«e. 10c. at Druggists or by mail.
ELY BROTHERS. 66 Warren St., New Tork.
09 90000000000 O O OOQ
?'•«■ PALACE '■•"'I
°GRAND hotels o
o SAM FJCAJVC/OCO.
•* Connected by a covers*! paaaag^rway. **
O 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. *■
O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICES: Q
-. Buropoan Flan. Sl. oo per day an<S upward n
V American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward **
n Correspondence Solicited. Q
0 JOHN 0. KIBKPA?BI0K, M»nager. Q
Q.O O O O O CO 000000 O O O a
S?H§DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
V^e^ s^?^ Five hundred reward for any can*
3H IflBU we cannot cure. This secret remedy
1 B stops all losses in 24 hour*, cures
&£3 IBS Emissions, Impotency, Vuricooels.
SPI m& Gonorrhoea. Gleet, Fits, Strioturoa.
Kit- Mill Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
Wt Bin fects of »alf-abu«ie or excesses. Sent
325H5»2*** scaled.); bottle: s bottles, 15: sruar- .
♦ nteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
BTITUTK. UA Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also
ror wile it 1073% Market .t. S. F. All^prl-
»at« diseases quickly cured. Bend for free book.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEAKMY AND WASHINGTON bTß.— JlH-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD A
CO, European plan. Rooms 60c to |1 M day. -
$& to 18 week. *8 to $30 month. Free bat to; hot
and cold water every room; fire grate* la «T«rjt
room: elevator run* all ulgbt.
910
ADVFRTISEJEENTS.
TO PERSONS AFFLICTED WITH DEAFNESS OR CATARRH OF THE NOSE,
THROAT, VOCAL CORDS OR LUNGS, CATARRH OF THE
STOMACH, LIVER, ETC
FREE TWO WEEKS' TREATMENT AM ALL MEDICINES INCLUDED
to the so who apply at the office any rime within the n.-xt two weeks from date.
People living In tbe country may avail themselves of this offer by reading tbe fol-
lowing symptoms over carefully, marking those that apply to their case and send-
ing them by mail to the office with a request for home treatment. This offer is
. an honorable one. U is made to those who suffer with affections of the
ears or catarrh In it? various forms, to convince them that ours Is the treatment
ures. If at the expiration of the two weeks' fro. trial treatment you are
satisfied with its results, to continue treatment will only cost you our regular
rates. $5 per month, Including all medicines and our watchful rare and atten-
tion until a cure is effected. There are thousands of people In and about San
Francisco to-day who have some Imperceptible K^rm taint of catarrh abroad in
the system or afloat h I :ulatlon, as well as vast numbers of people In wjiom
those germ taints hav< ed Into chronic ailments of varying degrees of ma-
lignity, suffering and danger. In most Instances the difficulty Is aprKravated by the
fav't that the victims cannot diagnose their miseries or distinguish the cause of
them. The fact is. a majority or" common chronic diseases, though known as
trouble, lung trouble, stomach trouble, kidney trouble, etc.. are really of
a catarrhal origin and nature. Every part of the mucous membrane— the nose.
throat, ears, lungs, stomach, liver, kidneys and bladder— is subject to disease
nnd bl'ighi bj" catarrh, and to enable many afflicted persons to get a correct con-
ception of the real nature of their malady the following almost unvarying symp-
toms are presented:
CATARRH OF HEAD and THROAT I
The head and throat become diseased from
neglected colds, causing Catarrh when the con-
dition of the blood predisposes to this condition. j
"Is the voice husky?"
"Do you spit up slime?"
"Do you ache all over?"
"Do you snore at night?"
"Do you blow out scabs at night?"
"Is your nose stopped up?"
"Does your nose discharge?"
"Does the nose bleed easily?"
"Is this worse toward night?"
"Does the nose Itch and burn?"
""Is there pain In front of head?"
"Is there pain across the eyes?"
"Is there tickling in the throat?"
"I« your sense of smell leaving?"
"Do you hawk to clear the throat?"
"Is the throat dry In the morning?" £■■
"Are you losing your sense of taste?"
"Do you sleep with your mouth open?"
"Does your nose stop up toward night?"
CATARRH OF THE
BRONCHIAL TUBES.
This condition often results from Catarrh ex-
tending from the head and throat, and. If left
unchecked, extends down the windpipe into the
bronchial tubes, and in time attacks the lungs.
"Have you a cough?" j
"Are you losing flesh?"
"Do you cough at night?"
"Have you a pain in side?"
"Do you take cold easily?"
"Is your appetite^varlable?"
"Have you stitches In side?"
"Do you cough until you gag?"
"Do you raise frothy material?"
"Do you cough on going to bed?"
"Do you cough in the morning?"
"Are you low-spirited at times?"
"Do you spit up yellow matter?"
"Is your cough short and hacking?"
"Do you spit up little cheesy lumps?"
"Have you a disgust for fatty foods?" '
"Is there a tickling behind the palate""
"Do you feel you are growing weaker?"
"Is there a burning pain In the throat?"
"Have you pain behind the breastbone?"'
"Do you cough worse night and morning? 1
"Do you have to sit up at night to get
breath?"
CATARRH OF THE STOMACH.
This condition may result from several
causes, but the usual cause Is Catarrh, the
mucus dropping down Into the throat and be-
Ing swallowed.
"Is there nausea?"
"Are you costive?'."
"Is there vomiting?"
"Do you belch up gas?"
"Have you waterhrash?"
"Are you light-headed?"
"I? your tongue coated?"
"Do you hawk and spit?"
"Is ther° pain after eating?"
Dr. Fleckensteln's Treatise free to all. The Kleckenstein Medical Institute Par-
rott building, 22' Market street. Rooms r.1.",-516, fifth floor
HPFIfV HOrPC From 9 a. n.. to 12 m.; from 1 to 6 p. m. Evenings— Tuesdays and
UiriVL UVLnj Fridays, 7 to 9: Sundays from in a. m. to .1 m.
RECRUITS NOT
POPULAR WITH
THE VETERANS
Doings of "Rookies" Do Not Jibe
Witf) Ideas of Men Who
Fought at Manila.
Manager Sctyoat of the Red Cross Has Also
Succeeded in Getting Himself Disliked
by trje Californians.
BY SOL N. SHERIDAN.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
MANILA. Sept. 21.— The "rookies
have come. The rookies, it should be
understood, is a term of good-natured
contempt applied by the battle-scarred
veterans of the Manila campaign to
those lads who came out with the
third — or was it the fourth? — expedition.
One loses count of expeditions and time
and what not in this enervating cli
mate. At all events the rookies came
out to fill up the ranks of the several
companies of the First California Regi
ment to their full complement as pro
vided by the wise men at Washington.
Now the First California is a regi
ment that is a regiment. It went down
Into the trenches and saved the Tenth
Pennsylvania from utter annihilation
on the night of the 31st of July, when
the Mauser bullets were singing
through the air like a mighty swarm
of bees, and when the shell and shrap
nel were cracking the atmosphere and
letting the heavens down upon it in a
rain of fire. It carried its flag up to
the gray, grim Avails of Old Manila
through hidden linos of Spanish soldiers
when the life of no man was worth a
moment's consideration.
It is submitted th«t a regiment with
this kind of a record cannot be ex
pected to submit to the consequential
airs of a set of young fellow* whose
brass button* have never been touch vd
with th« rust that, come* from long
nights in the trench«« and whowe fa
tigue unJter-m I* guiltless of stain other
than comes from a ctlnt at kitchen de
talk The rooky should tx> a good fel
low — as a rule, he is. 12 <> comes
from California. 11« was a great fel
low also when he marched down Mar
ket street and the men cheered him and
the women wept over him and the lit
tle children waved the glorious flag of
America above his heed. But he must
not put on airs in the presence of men
who have heard the music of battle
lest he be brought down to his proper
level with the buckle end of a belt. The
Ruardhouse has no particular terrors
for soldiers who h*v« facad death—
anyway, the roo!ky "who is disciplined
and teHls "or-ouid better apply for his
discharge at once. He Is foredoomed to
SYMPTOMS OF EAR TROUBLES.
Deafness and ear troubles result from Ca-
tarrh passing along the Eustachlan tube that
leads from the throat to the ear.
"Is your hearing failing?"
"Do your ears discharge?"
"Do your earn Itch and burn?"
"Are the ears dry and scaly?"
"Have you pain behind the ears?"
"I« there throbbing In the ears?"
"Is there a buzzing sound heard?"
"Do you have a ringing In the ears?"
"Are there crackling sounds heard?"
"Is your hearing bad cloudy days?"
"Lin you have earache occasionally?"
"Are there sounds like steam escaping?'
"Do your ears hurt when you blow your
nose?"
"Do you constantly hear noises In the ears?"
"Do you hear better some days than others?"
"Do the noises In your ears keep you
awake?"
"When you blow your nose do the ears i
crack?" ;
"Is hearing: worse when you hnv# a cold?" :
"Is roaring like a waterfall in the head?"
CATARRH OF THE LIVER.
The liver becomes diseased by Catarrh ex-
tending from the stomach into the tubes of the j
liver.
"Are yon fretful?"
"Are you peevish?"
"Do you get dizzy?"
"Do you feel fatigued?" ,
"T'e yi.u fepl miserable?"
"Do you have < ■ Id feet ;
"Do you get tlrrd easily?" :
"Is your eyesight blurred?"
"Can't you explain where*"
"Constant sense of depression?"
"Is there a bloating after eating?"
"Constant sense of pain in back?"
"Do you have gurgling in bowels?"
"Do you have rumbling In bowels?"
"Have you pain under shoulder-blade?"
"Is there throbbing in the stomach?"
"Do you have sense of heat In bowels?"
"Do you suffer from pains in temples?"
"Do you have palpitation of the heart?"
CATARRH OF THE STOMACH.
"Are you nervous and weak?"
"Do you have sick headaches?"
"Do you bloat up after eating?"
"Is there disgust for breakfast?"
"Have you distress after eating?"
"If your throat tilled with slime?"
"Do you at times have diarrhoea?"
"Is there rush of bl ■•■■! to the head?"
"When you get up suddenly are you dizzy?"
"Is there constant sensation in stomach?"
"Do you feel as if you had lead In stomach?"
"When stomach Is empty do you feel faint?" i
"D you belch material that burns throat?"
"If stomach is full do you feel oppressed?" ■
as many years of hell as his company
sees service.
Albeit he Is a good fellow, the rooky
has his peculiarities. One of these,
naturally enough. Is that he does not
always know his commanding officer.
Sometimes he does not even know his
company officers. They did not kc-"p
watch with him. nor share hard tack
and coffee and quinine with him in the
trenches. Those were the old boys. A
case in point is that of the rooky who,
being on sentry duty at the palace gate
the other evening, permitted the colonel
and the lieutenant colonel of the regi
ment to pass him without challenge or
salute before it occurred to him that
possibly he was not placed there alto
gether for the purpose of sitting upon a
cane-bottomed stool to find out whether
he could prevent a Springfield rifle
going to sleep. Then, when they had
passed him about ten feet, he shook
himself together, rose slowly, shoul
dered his gun and observed, as It were,
casually: "Say, do yuse fellows belong
hnrv?"
"Yes, air," replied Colonel Smith.
"We belong; here."
"All right, then. What time is It?' 1
The colonel cheerfully grove the re
quired Information and was then per
mitted to se«k repose In his own quar
ters.
Of different metal was the rooky
who «a\v hi« colonel pass him in day
light, knowing him, and commented
trenchantly upon the officer's personal
appearance. Colonel Smith is a soldier,
a working soldier, every Inch of him,
and in war time dresses the part. It
is not exactly a dress parade costume,
either* although perfectly adapted to
the needs of a man who, as provost
marshal, rides over a wide district un
der the rays of the tropic sun. Not the
least conspicuous part, in fact, the only
conspicuous part of the costume. Is a
wide straw hat of native manufacture
and shape, which forms the best sun
shade I have found in this country. The
hat caught the rooky at the gate, and
he sold to me, sotto voce, as he saluted
the colonel In passing:
"Say, would yu jret onto de old man's
bonnet?"
One more rooky story, a good one, on
the chaplain or upon a certain name
less newspaper correspondent. . who is
very dark and who goes clean shaven,
as you choose. The correspondent, at
ail events, lives at headquarters, and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBEB 23, 1898.
all the natives, most of the Spaniards
In Manila and at least half the recruits,
Judging by the absence of beard, the
dark complexion and a certain gravity
of demeanor, think he Is a priest — or, at
any rate, that he should be. The other
day this correspondent Indulged a cer
tain barbaric fancy for a green silk
shirt, and was asked as a favor to the
headquarters mess to walk out In the
sun and see what effect the light would
have upon the fabric. The correspond
ent was happy to oblige. He walked
down to the palace gate, the admired
of all, and then walked back again,
and as he came back the sentry, a
rooky, turning to a vagrant veteran
loitering there, observed:
••Cully ge*: That's a gorgeous new
vestment they've got In the church.
To leave the rooky to his devices
a-nrl the pleasant amenities of garrison
life with the war seasoned vets, there
Is growing up a pretty scandal down
here which will give one Mr. Schlott,
manager f«.r the lied Cross, some dis
comfort when he goes back to San
Francisco to give an accoflnt Of his
stewardship. ' Mr. Schlott, from the
first, has set himself up In opposition to
the surgeons of the whole Kijrhth Army
Corps and because, so the surgeons
say, they would not permit him to run
the hospital in his own way. has 'in
clined to do anything at all. He has
been here about two months, at a.i
events, with his corps of assistants,
and in all that time has done nothing.
It is only within the last few days any
of the thousands of dollars' worth of
Red Cross supplies he brought out with
him have begun to be doled out to the
sick of the First California Regiment.
As it was supposed these supplies were
given for the California boys by the
people of California this matter lias
caused no end of adverse criticism.
Mr. Schlott tried to establish a Red
Cross Hospital in the walled city, get
ting an order from General Morritt to
turn a lot of lvfugee priests from the
provinces into the streets for that pur
pose. (Jenenii Merritt, by the way.
gave anything to anybody who asked
while he was here. He only wanted to
g-t away. once his orders to l»-nve
came he did not seem to care what
complications he left to plague his suc
cessor. Father McKinnon straightened
out this particular matter for General
t tis. the priests were not turned out
into the street and Mr. Schlott did not
get his hospital— for which, by the way,
there was no particular need. The ac- ;
commodatlons at th^ general hospital !
are ample and of the best. Mr. Schlott
took such small satisfaction, neverthe- j
less, as could be had from making re
marks in public about "the offlclousness j
of that damned Catholic chaplain"— re- j
marks that dl 1 not make him popular,
with the hoys of the First, who love 1
the good father and have reason to.
Mr. Schlott did not agree with the j
Red Cross nurses already on the j
ground. Messrs. Waage and Lewis, who
have doiv and are continuing to do the
most noble work. They make their j
headquarters at the California regi- ;
mental hospital, but they go where they
are 'anted and have helped many a i
poor fellow back to health and strength
whose days the low fever of this latl
tude seemrd to have numbered. In !
fever there is everything in the nurs- j
Ing. I know, fo one of these men ;
nursed ui>' only lust week when I was
on my back with dengue fever and did
not care whether 1 ever saw the crowd
on Market street again or not. If Mr. :
Schlott had a real purpose to do good
\<<.rk h>- could not find better material
than these t" m"n. who, through all j
the war, haw neither asked nor re
ceived one <■<■•• of pay for what they;
Lastly, Mr. Schlott brought out, or
th>T>- came out with Mr, Schlott, or
when Mr. Schlott did. a certain Mr.
Rosenthal, whu wr^ars a Red" Cross
badge on his sleeve and who sold to
bacco and small luxuries to which they
wore entitled without extra charge to
the recruits on one of the transports.
Mr. Rosenthal brought to the colonel
for his "O. K." a lot of bills drawn
against the future pay of the raw lads.
The bills did not receive the colonel's
signature and Mr. Rosenthal goes home
on the Rio do Janeiro somewhat dis
consolate. "Whether he Is a loser of
more than his time I cannot Bay. I do
not know who paid for the small lux
uries he sold.
GENERAL MERRITT
MEETS HIS FIANCEF
Greets Miss Williams and Her Par
ents at Liverpool and Escorts
Them to London.
Special cable to The '"nil and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 22.— Genera! Mer
ritt was looking very well Indeed on
the Cunard line pier at 7 o'clock this
morning when the Campania dis
charged her pujsengers. The general's
presence on the wharf at Liverpool at
that early hour was due to the fact
that the ,ampania had on board Miss
Laura Williams, who will shortly be
married to Genera! Merritt. With Miss
Williams were Mrs. Norman Williams
and Norman Williams.
General Merritt was one of the first
visitors on board the Campania after
the gangway had b^en secured. He re
turned to the wharf after a short time
and completed the arrangements he
, had made for the accommodation of hi?
j party on a special train to London, for
I which point he left as soon as the cus
toms of. eers had completed the ex
amination of the luggage of the Cam
pania's passengers.
The Campania arrived at Liverpool
Just after nidnif. .t this morning, but
j most of the passengers, including Mlsr
i Williams, remained aboard all night.
The arrangements for the wedding
i of General »rritt and Miss Williams
are still incomplete and if the date has
| been set the general has not confided it
I to his friends. The ceremony will prob
; ably take place in London, as already
j announced in The Call.
« ,—., — .
HAVANA DELUGED BY
VIOLENT RAINSTORMS
Streets of the City Like Running
Rivers — Many Stores and
Houses Flooded.
HAVANA, Oct. 22.— of the heaviest
; rainstorms in years fell here last
1 night as a continuation of the
I storm of the lapt three <Jays.
Every stream in the vicinity of this city
overflowed, flooding its surroundings. The
| streets of Havana presented the appear
■ once of running rivers. The water was
over four feet deep at many of the cross
i ings, swamping houses and stores and
damaging furniture and other property.
Many nick and aired people were carried
to places of safety by the Fire Depart
ment. TrnftV was delayed on every rail
road running out of the city.
PRESIDENT AND PARTY
RETURN TO WASHINGTON
All in Excellent Health and Spirits
After the Long Journey and
Attending Turmoil.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22.— The President
and Mrs. McKinley and* party reached
Washington on their return from th«
West at 2:SO -p.. m. to-day, and were
driven at once to the White House, All
were in excellent health and spirits. Soon
after their arrival the President walked
through the several executive office* and
shook hands with the clerks at their
desks. The trip home from Pittsburg
was uneventful. -• .
Postoffice at Gavite.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22.— The Post
office Department has ordered the cstnl>-
U aliment of a military noatofflco station
at ('avite, near Manila. It will bo known
as Military Station No. 2 of the S«n
Francisco Postoflice, and will accommo
date a largv number of troops stationed
at the arsenal and thereabouts.
AGUINALDO IS
NOW IN FAVOR
OF ANNEXATION
His Congress at Malalos Also
Votes Its Approval of the
Propositior).
Filipinos Determined That Spain Shall Not Have
Anything More to Do With Governing
trje Islands.
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
MANILA, Sept. 22. — The Philippine Congress has been in session
since Thursday, September 15. The first thing that was de
cided was that the Philippine republic should not countenance
any policy that should be agreed upon whereby Spain would have any
thing further to do with the islands, and would resist by force of arms
any such measure.
A vote was taken on the policy of annexation to the American re
public, and annexation was decided upon by a large majority, some seven
out of eight voting in favor of annexation.
Aguinaldo now expresses himself as personally in favor of annex
ation, adding that he does not think that the natives generally will
support such a policy.
Apuinaldo left his residence at Ra
koor on the 9th of September to con
vene the elective assembly of the Phil
ippine republic at Malolos. a town of
some 20.000 inhabitants and about
thirty-five miles inland from Manila.
The members of this assembly were
regularly elected throughout the va
rious provinces of the island, according
to the relative population of the prov
inces — three from Manila and the other
large provinces down to one from the
smallest.
Thp whole of the island of Luzon is I
now being governed by the insurgents j
except the provinces of Manila and
Cavite, which are occupied by the
American troops. The last Spanish gar
risons, at Locos and Laguna, surren
dered to the Insurgents on September 5.
When interviewed by the Associated
J'r-ss representative on September 11
Aguinaldo stated that his army con
sists of 37,000 insurgents regularly j
armed and equipped with modern j
weapons, and that he had some 9000
prisoners of war at this time, includ
ing the larger portion now being held
in the vicinity of Manila.
When asked directly what was hi*
policy for his people— if it was uncon- |
ditionaJ independence— he politely i
asked to be excused from answering the j
question at this time. Continuing, he j
asked the Interviewer what America
intended doing. We have been fight
ing for our independence," he said, "for
a long time. Any nation of Europe
would gladly take these islands had |
they the opportunity, because of their ;
richness and undeveloped resources." I
He stated that he was opposed to any
European nation taking possession Of
the islands. He declined to talk on the
subject of America retaining or an
n^xing the island of Luzon. V\hen
asked how it was that some natives
i.penlv declared themselves in favor of ,
annexation to America, he stated that ]
natives who profess to favor annexa- j
tion are Insincere in what they Bay.
They are merely trying to ascertain |
the general sentiment or intentions of
the Americans.
He was asked if America should de
cide upon permanently retaining Ma
nila and Cavite, with the bay would
the Filipinos be satisfied or would they
resort to arms against the American
occupation of these places. He declined
to answer and further could not be in
duced to express his personal opinion of
what his actions would be in such
event He declined to say whether or
not he would sanction the United States
retaining a coaling station in the I hil
ippines even should America recognize
the Independence of the islands or es
tablish a temporary or permanent pro
tectorate over them.
He avoided answering man> ques
tions put to him, expressing his own |
personal views by saying that the fu
ture policy of the Philippine Islands re- ;
mained to be decided by the assembly. j
He expressed himself as entertaining
the greatest friendship for the Ameri
can people, adding that he hoped there ;
would be no trouble between the re
public of the Philippines and the re
public of America. He entertained the
idea that America and the Philippines |
were two sister republics, allied to
gether and fighting a common enemy—
the Spaniards.
He thought that the American mis
sion here in these islands had been ac
complished by the destruction of the
Spanish fleet and the forcible surrender ;
of the city of Manila and expected that |
the Americans would soon withdraw \
their forces, leaving the insurgents to ;
govern and control the islands.
He made mention that his under
standing was that this war between |
Spain and America was a war of hu- I
manitv on the part of the Americans
and not of conquest, and Americans
would not retain any of the possessions j
acquired during the war. i
Aguinaldo complained that the Span
iards had been disseminating false re
norts relative to the movements and in- j
tentions of the insurgents for* the pur
pose of antagonizing the Americans
against the Filipinos and their cause
and to precipitate hostilities between
them if possible.
For some time past the Insurgents
have been disarming Americans pass
ing through their lines, but Aguinaldo
disclaims having authorized any such
conduct on the part of his men. His
attention was called to the incident of
September 9, when the Pennsylvania
regiment proceeded to establish a new
outpost some distance beyond the for
mer post, within the lines of the insur
gents and an insurgent company ob
jected to it being done. The captain of
the company nearly precipitated hostil
ities by ordering the Americans to with
draw within twenty minutes, and is
sued ammunition to his men to intimi
date the American officers to obey his
order to withdraw, and further, by re
fusing to allow the reinforcement
which had been sent for to reach the
OUtpOßt.
Agulnaldo was very emphatic, stat
ing that the Filipino who thus at
tempted to obstruct the movements of
the Americans was only a pretended of
ficer of the insurgent army, and wan, in
fact, entirely unconnected therewith.
The local governor and military com
mander, Plo Barican, explained to Ma
jor General Hale, who had ordered out
the whole Pennsylvania regiment, upon
being informed of this action of the In
surgents, that the insurgent captain
had exceeded his authority in ordering
the Americans to withdraw, and stat
ing that he hfid misapprehended his or
ders.
It Is generally reported about Manila
that many Insurgents are not In sym
pathy with Aguinaldo and do not In
clude themselves among his followers.
Aguinaldo denied having received
any order or request from General Otis
and Admiral Dewey to remove his
troops to a prescribed distance beyond
the fixed city limits of Manila and Ca
vite, and further declined to state
whether he would remove his troops if
j SO requested.
Considerable excitement was created
on Friday night by the announcement
that an attempt had been made to as
sassinate Aguinaldo by placing poison
in his food. When the statement was
made on the floor of the Assembly on
Saturday morning that Aguinaldo's
cook had seen a Spanish prisoner place
something in the soup and after tasting
the !att«r had died in horrible agony
within a few hours of his detection of
the outrage, but that Aguinaldo had
been warned In time, the delegates rose
en masse and mingled their cries of de
light at Aguinaldo's providential es
cape with groans of denunciation for
the perpetrators of the crime. The bus
iness of the convention was immedi
ately suspended and the delegates in a
body marched to Aguinaldo's house for
the purpose of congratulating him.
The populace meanwhile threatened
to lynch every Spanish prisoner in the
vicinity, but the guilty persons having
been arrested and frightened Into a
confession that they had been hired to
place poison in the soup, Aguin
aldo graciously Interceded on be
half of the Spaniards and succeeded in
calming the mob. Except that a spe
cial "Te Deum" service, attended by all
the delegates, was held later in the day,
the incident occasioned no further dem
onstration.
COMPOSITORS' STRIKE
SPREADS IN BELGIUM
Most of the Antwerp Papers Unable
to Typesetting Ma
chines the Cauie.
Special dispatch to Th*> Call and th*> New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BRUSSELS. Oct. 22.— The compositors"
strike at Antwerp is extending. Most of
the newspapers are unable to appear. At
the bottom of the strike is the struggle
of union compositors against American
and Canadian composing machines,
which, since their introduction at the
Brussels exhibition last year, are being
introduced Into Belgium, to the horror of
compositors, who Imagine their profes
sion ruined. Nobody doubts that the ma
chines will speedily overcome their re
sistance, as in England and America,
CHINESE EMPEROR HAS
BRIGHT^ DISEASE
No Immediate Danger of Collapse,
but His Condition Is Very
Critical.
NEW YORK. Oct. 22.— A dispatch from
Poking says: The Emperor has been ex
amined mentally by the physician of the
French embassy, and the diagnosis de
velops the fact that h*» Is suffering from
chronic nephritis, better known as
Brlpht's disease. Albumen has been dis
covered In a marked degree. The Em
peror Is very pale, his py*s are puffy, his
feet slightly swollen, and. although there
seems to be no immediate danger, it is
manifest that he is in a very critical
Ptate.
NO FURTHER FEAR OF
THE YELLOW SCOURGE
The Louisiana State .Board of Health
Raises All Quarantine
Restrictions.
NEW ORLKANS. Oct. 22.— The Louisi
ana Hoard of Health to-day Issued the
following proclamation:
Whereas, the v.-eather bureau reports
that frosts have occurred all over the
State, and
Whereas, It Is a fact accepted by epl
demolopists that no foci of yellow fever
can be established In a place after frost Is
shown; therefore, be it
Ordained, That all quarantine restric
tiona on traffic are hereby removed by
the Louisiana State Bonrd of Health, as j
far as It Is concerned.
EDMOND SOT'CHEN,
President Louisiana Board of Health.
CAUGHT IN A TRAIN WRECK.
Men Stealing a Bide in a freight Car
Meet Death.
FORT WORTH. Texas. Oct. 22.— A
I freight train on the Rock Island road
I broke in two at the top of a steep grade
I near here to-day. The rear portion
i crashed Into the front section, wreck
ing; ;ind derailing several box cars. In
; one of the wrecked cars were ten men.
| evidently stealing a ride. Five of them
i were Instantly killed and three are dying.
> Two escaped fatal Injury. The names of
i the unfortunate men cannot be learned.
CONCESSION STJ.LL HOLDS.
American Company May Yet Build
the Nicaragua Canal.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Oct. I.— The
contention of the American company re
garding its canal concession from the
Government of Nicaragua la sustained.
The Commissioners were asked to keep
their decision secret from every one but
President Zolaya and the Cabinet Minis
ters, but it has leaked out. The Com
missioners deckled, it Is fiaid. that the
contract expires October 20, 1899.
STATE HORTICULTURISTS.
Requested to Attend the Coming Con
vention at Fresno.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 22.— President El
wooil Cooper of the State Board of Hor
ticulture nflß sent out a circular regard-
Ing the coming convention at Fresno on
November 29, 1898. The convention will
be In senslon for four days. An Invitation
1b extended to all fruit shippers, pack
ers, nurserymen and others Interested to
attend. The marketing of fruit will be
considered extensively, nml tho» free pub
lic market In Sun Franelaco will be dis
cussed In a special meetingon November
30. The Southern Taclilo Railroad Com
pany will offer reduced rates to those who
attend the convention.
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES
THE GENTLEMANLY RATTLESNAKE
Contrasted With the
Ghoulish Germ.
Imagine a man's path leading him
through a section of country in which
there were millions of rattlesnakes:
With what caution and circumspection
he would take every step. He would,
however, have a fair chance of coming
to his Journey's end in safety, because
a rattlesnake, like an old-fashioned
clock, warns before it strikes. The rat-
tlesnake stands as the type of the dead-
liest foes of the human race. Hut there
are foes quite as deadly and more to be
feared than rattlesnakes. Germs that
strike at the vital centers of life; germ?
c/f foul diseases deadly as the venom of
a
the snake, and giving no warning of
their presence, infest the air we breathe,
the water we drink. Once introduced
into the blood they multiply with fear-
ful rapidity, absolutely eating up the
very principle of life. Compared with ;
a disease germ a rattlesnake Is a gen-
tleman. He is a fair fighter. He tells
you to look out. You have a chance to
fight or run. The disease germ sneaks ;
upon you. It comes while you are
sleeping. It gains an entrance to the |
blood. In a few days or even hours It
multiplies to millions, until your blooU
is full of Its offspring. They go all over
the body seeking a weak spot. ine> ■
don't rattle—they strike.
"The blood is the life," and the germ
assaults the blood. The microscope re-
veals the germ of malaria, honeycomb-
ing the health by devitalizing the red I
corpuscles. You've cracked a hazel nut
some time and found in it nothing but
dust and a little white worm. The meat
of the nut is all eaten up. The malaria
germ eats out the vital principle of the
corpuscles in just that way. The result
is collapse. The thought of a rattle-
snake frightens us. Yet the snak e is .
not -ne tithe as dangerous as the little !
germ, mining, like a mole, a passage-
fay along the veins and arteries b>
which it is preparing to assault the
Cl The el cCnd!t f fon of the blood which in-
dicates the undermining presence of
disease germs is marked by languor a
tS&S of sluggishness dull headache
inability to make any effort in business ■
and indifference to all forms of pleas-
lire The appetite is bad, the bre.un
foui. Disturbing dreams robtheateep
of all refreshing influence. The.es
liltiliiSi.
rs?rV n a°nd cSt g out 'the invading
muni
mm
accumulations. <*°iaen
mm
° V Th^ls no alcohol, whisky or other
fc^DSo^n? Thit « a Golden bear
TclTd^o,'"^ That l* f. point to bea,;
mmm
■•Discovery' acts like a good sound
meal The meal makes more horse.
The spur makes more speed but less
v co n .[th every step. Alcohol may
Si into the body to replace the
strength taken out of it in response to
the spur "Golden Medical Discovery"
makes more man with every dose, and
more man means a real gain in
St The r emarkable action of this rem-
edy the quickness with which it
searches out disease. la marked in the
following letter:
"I was troubled with malarial fever
and was under doctors' care for quite |
a time." writes Mr. J. F. Kidd of Farm- i
leysville, Wayne Co.. Ky. "They had
almost given me up. and my suffering
was very great. My pulse was weak,
breath short and I had severe pains in
back, head and legs. Had palpitation
of heart, and from June 1, 1895, to May
1 189S I was not able to do a day's .
work. ' I purchased five bottles of Dr.
R V. Pierces Golden Medical Discov-
ery and before I had finished taking
the first two bottles I was very much
better of my disease of three years'
standing. I continued taking the med-
icine, and by the time the fifth bottle
was gone I was a well man. I can |
cheerfully recommend Dr. Pierces Gol- j
den Medical Discovery to any similar j
sufferer.".
Such testimony as this Is the most
practical and convincing argument
which can be advanced for the healing
and invigorating power of the "Golden
Medical Discovery." Thousands. upon
thousands have used It and SS per cent
of these have found a cure even when*
vitality had fallen to a low ebb, and
distressing cough, bleeding at the lungs j
and other serious symptoms had ap- |
peared. "Women as well as men have
tested this medicine and the following
letter is typical of tens of thousands
received from women grateful for
health and healing:
"Words fail to express what I suf-
fered for three years, with cold chills,
palpitation of heart, shortness of
breath and low spirits," writes Mrs. A.
C. Jones of WalterLoro, • Colleton Co..
S. C. "I could not sleep and really j
thought I would soon die. Had a pc- i
culiar roaring through my head all the !
time. Was bo emaciated and weak I ;
could not feed myself. My aunt in- I
DR. J?IERCE'S REMEDIES
duced me to try Dr. Plerce's Golden
Medical Discovery, which I did, only to
please her, and six bottles»cured m«.
To-day lam sound an<" .veil During
the three years I was sick I had five
different physicians."
The lons experience which Dr. Pierce
has had as consulting pLyjrfclan in chief
to the. Invalids' Hotel and Surgical In-
stitute at Buffalo, N. V., gives him a
keen interest in those- cases which are
peculiar in many of theli symptoms
and greater in their sufferings than or-
dinary cases. After more than thirty
years' experienceand remembering that
the case? brought to Dr. Pierce arc us-
ually extreme and often pronounced
"hopeless" by other physicians, It may
bt- reasonably inferred that the- skIII
tchich has successfully treated ninety-
eieht in every hundred will be equal to
any new demand that you can make
1 upon it.
The surest way for the sick to *am
confidence is to consult Dr. Pierce by
letter. For this consultation there is
positively no charge, absolutely no fee,
and no obligations whatever are incur-
red by this correspondence. Every
letter is read by Dr. Pierce as a strictly
private and sacredly confidential com-
munication. It has the careful consid-
eration of a physician of experience.
Its carefully weighed answer, always
mailed in a plain envelope so your pri-
vate affairs are kept safe from prying
eyes, carries fatherly advice as well as
medical instructions.
The dealer who offers a substitute for
"Golden Medical Discovery" filches not
only his customers' money to make an
extra profit, but also his health. For
there is no other medicine "just as
good" as "Golden Medical Discovery"
for the stomach, blood and lungs. In-
sist upon having the "Discovery."
The flattering reception with which
Dr. Pierces great work, the "People's
Common flense Medical Adviser," has
been received by scientific men and
students indicates the remarkable
nt" the work. It is written in the
lest English, and its story of life,
marriage, Motherhood and sickness is
ti>M in the plainest of words. Yet ed-
ucated professional men write of it in
such terms as Dr. H. F. Philbrick of
South Weare, Hillsboro County, N. H.,
!'"\ 24. who says: "I have received
the book you sent me and am very
much pleased \\ith it. I think it is a
very important work, and it would be
a God-send to every family through-
out the whole world to have one of
them." The book is essentially a help-
ful bonk. It sets a light upon those
fateful rocks and shoals of life on
which the ignorant are so frequently
wrecked. Within its 100S pages may be
found an answer to almost every ques-
tion concerning human physiology and
reproduction, with specific instructions
for nursing and the treatment of dis-
ease which will save any family hun-
dreds of dollars. This book is sent
free on receipt of stamps to pay the
expense of mailing only. Send twenty-
one 1-cent stamps for the paper edition,
or thirty-one stamps for the cloth edi-
tion. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buf-
falo. X. Y.
NOTICE !
Taxes One Upon Assessments
Made by the State Board
of Equalization.
CONTROLLER'S DEPARTMENT. STATE OF
California. Sacramento. October 12. 1898.
In accordance with the provisions of Section
366S of the Political Code, notice Is hereby
given that I have received from the State
Board of Equalization the "Duplicate Record
of Assessments of Railways" and the "Du-
plicate Uecord of Apportionment of Railway
Assessments," containing the assessment!
upon the propert" of each of the followlng-
nanied associations or corporations as fixed
by the said State Board of Equalisation for
the year 1593. to wit:
California Pacific Railroad Company, Central
Pacific Railroad Company, Northern Califor-
nia Railroad Company. Northern Railway
Company. South Pacific Coast Railroad Com-
pan). Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
Southern California Motor Road Company.
San Francisco and North Pacific Railway
Company, Southern California Railway Com-
pany, Santa Fe Pacific Ra..road Company,
North Pacific Coast Railroad Company, San
Francisco and San Joaquln Valley Railway.
Company, Nevada County Narrow Qauae
Railroad Company. Carson and Colorado
Railroad Company, Nevada-California-Oregon
Railway Company. Pajaro Valley Consoli-
dated Railroad Company, Pacific Coast Rail-
way Company, Alameda a."d San Joaquln
Railroad Company, uualala River Railroad
Company. California and Nevada Railroad
Company. Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia. Sierra Valleys Railway Com. any, San
Francisco and San Mateo Electric Railway
Company and Pullman's Palace Car Com-
pany.
The State and County taxes on all personal
property, and one-half of . the .State and
county taxes on all real property, are now
due and able and will V • delinquent on
the last Monday In November next, at six
o'clock p. m., and \inWs paid to the Stat*
Treasurer at the Capitol prior thereto, fly»
per cent will be added to amount thereof
and unless so paid on or before the last Mon-
day In April next, at six o dock p. m., an
additional five per cent will be added to th»
amount thereof.
The remaining one-half of State and county
taxes on all real property will be due and
payable after the first Monday in Janu-
ary next, and will be delinquent on th»
last Monday In April next at six o"eloc*
p. m.. and unless paid to the Stat»
Treasurer at the Capitol prior thereto. flr»
per cent will bo added to the amount thereof.
E. P. COLO AN. State Controller.
THE HOME REMEDY h^mL/E**
S& F !?a*fc£WJ2£ff2 <££»
SfeSi-SMio-iHoaaasaa
iilllMJHßi* In \romb or Orarle* In 10 minute*.
SSfwfisH Promptly rellerw Headache, Naose*. Blood »nd
SSSSnI taaMrrtrouWn. iraintnr««,H«?rtonsni»», Fear
■Kktvl^B in-UVsr^ri'lMiry. Cnren Lrncorrbcn, Womb
Or M ■ Complaints, Displaeesirnts, Backache, B«arißf
1 HL' leS Pawn raint and all Female Ditonier*. -flflßftk
f JO 1^ > *aWl I<'«1 <'«" r * the npirit» and Vital X* J
"• 'Jb'^ii*^ •*><• whole frim*. Sole, Pure and ¥Jft{.y
Absolutely HonnlfM. One 60 tint box will '•■•'
completa a cure in ordinary c*s»s.
of jij dVai 7 OA!Ul soii> BY ALL DUtrGGlBTft.
OIurOALLrHIIIor Bailed m plain wrapper on receipt
IN 10 M!WllTFSl^^, rnCOT 4 3Mg>CMor>
Bold by Owl Drag Co.. 8. F., and Oakland.
:
>g3N.OEWEY,STRONG &CO.^»»V
fe "PATENTS! ;}
MARKET ST. Sf.^Sr
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMI AN A BITTERS, TH«
'-' great Mexican remedy; given health «nd
strength to sexual organs. Depot, US Market.I
JOHN PHILIP SOUSA Writes :
k When worn out I find
nothing so helpful as a
glass of Yin Mariani. To
brain-workersand those
who expend a great deal
of nervous force it is in-
valuable.
JOHN PHILIP SOUSA.
From the Surs?eon-!n-Chief
of tha French Army :
«-. tedious marches, our sol-
stant relief from
ng the
Yin Marisni; It prevent- ;
• .rshy and
ERMANN,
b Army. I
THE PLAINTIFF
AND DEFENDANT
GET JUDGMENT
Big Wine Suit Decided
by Judge Bahrs.
AWARDS TO BOTH LITIGANTS
ACCOUNTS WERE FOUND TO BE
L"N SETTLED.
i Wine Makers' Corporation
Must Pay the California Wine
Association a Fortune in.
Damages,
'Takers'
ration a? irnia Wine
: yesterday by
•:■ judgment was
irt found thnt
er the
: .plaint,
of contract
•'■ ndant was
. leaving a
■ ■ ndant' s fa .
The plaintiff In the suit alleged that it
sold and delivered to the Cendant cor
poration, within two years last past and
prior to February, 1897, a large amount of
■nine of the agreed value of more than
$500,000^ on which account a balance of
J3O.OU* Si still remains due and unpaid.
Defendant, In its answer denied the truth
of the allegations,, and In a cross-com
plaint demanded judgment in the sum of
$237,106 4S aa damages alleged to have been
sustained by the defendant :be cause of
plaintiff's alleged breach of the agreement
under, which the defendant purchased ihe
■wine. The breach of contract in the main
consisted of plaint failure to deliver
the defendant a proper proportion of
wines from various named counties as set
forth in the agreement.
The court states that plaintiff d) not
seriously.' deny having been guilty of some
of the alleged violations or the contract
and that the defendant roved such alle
gations to be true. In conclusion the
court said:
"The most flagrant violation of said cov
enant was by the manager of the plain
tiff corporation, John H. Wheeler, and his
efforts at dissembling to hide his trans
gressions while giving his testimony v.'ere
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,_...-_-.
||28 MARKET STREET,
CUT-RATE DRUGGISTS.
FOR THIS WEEK ONLY.
YOURS FOR HALF.
Two Dollars for One Dollar.
TAKE 'EM BOTH.
1 Bottle Paine's Celery Compound ■ — ■ ■ ■ $100
1 Bottle Thompson's Dandelion and Celery Tonic $1.00
$2.00
OUR PRICE THIS WEEK:
blithe two bottles f orEOO^L
NO ORDERS filled from Retai ers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"When Worn Out"
JOHN PHILIP SOUSA
The Well-Known American Composer.
NEVER HAS ANYTHING BEEN SO HIGHLY AND SO JUSTLY PRAISED AS
■ i : *l*,\ • 1 Bt tS \SS "3* -.5 ? 1 to?
mm k \i i P « >; ' w 1 k
MARIANS WINE
Braces Body and Brain
MARIANI WINE has written endorsements
From more than 8000 American Physicians.
MARIANI WINE is specially indicated for:
Nervous Affections. Throat and Lung: Diseases, Dyspepsia, Anaemia.
Weakness from whatever causes, Profound Depression or Exhaustion,
LA GRIPPE, GENERAL DEBILITY, MALARIA,
For those who are run down,
OVERWORKED MEN, DELICATE WOMEN, SICKLY CHILDREN,
'■ Sold by all Druggists. ' Beware of Imitations and Substitutions.
SPECIAL OFFER— all who write mentioning the San Francisco Call we send a
' book containing portraits and endorsements of EMPERORS, EMPRESS, PRINCES,
CARDINALS, ARCHBISHOPS and other distinguished personages.
MARIAN] & CO., 52 WEST 15TH STREET, NEW YORK.
Farls— ii Boulevard Haufsman; London— S3 Mortimer Street; Montreal— 2S-30 Hospital Street.
MARCHING OF ENGLISH SOLDIERS.
(Reprinted from The London Sketch.)
Q eriera ; sir Evelyn Wood says: "Re-
garding the infantry marching, it wai
een during my command at Alder-
. was .'Srst statl
i-elght years ago. Many officers
availed themselves of the tonic and re-
■ tuent properties of the well-known
M«riani Wine, the most certain as well
aa the most palatable m»tho.i 1 in Lu< -
in strange contrast to the frankness of
some of the other officers of the plaintiff.
■who testified without reserve and with
evident 1 honesty. When it la considered
that almost all the testimony in the cast?
lnumpport of defendant's cross-complaint
was found in the books and documents
produced by plaintiff, the honesty of the
members and officers generally In their
dealings must be apparent to all. « is
therefore very unfortunate that plaintiff
Should now find itself under great obliga
tions to the defendant, as evidenced bj
this pinion."
HONEST JOHN SIEBE
A SURE WINNER
HIS CANDIDACY AROUSES GREAT
ENTHUSIASM.
It Is Predicted He Will Lead All Can
didates on the Local
Tickets.
Th-re Is no candidate on either ticket
who la any better or more favorably
known than honest John Piebe, the Re
publican nominee for Assessor. The
test of a man's popularity is found In
his reception by his constituents after
having served them as a public offi
cial This te?t applied to Mr.
Bhows that after a Bervice of
years in the exacting position of A
sor he in in greater favor than ever
with the voters of this city. That such
Is the case no one can gainsay, and it
is a deserved yet flattering tribute to
his administration of the affairs of hia
To assess the property of a city of
this Bize for eight Bucccessive yeart and
to have so little fault found with his
assessments as has been found with Mr,
'a demonstrates this gentleman s
eminent fitness for the office and it dis
! proves absolutely the accusations
against him in the organ of the opposi
tion of favoritism In ase
To correctly assess the property of
this city and 'do justice to all is a task
the enormity of which but few realize.
It demands pood business ability, exec
utive capacity, a fair and impartial
mind and, above all. sterling Integrity,
and all these -ualities are most hap
pily combined in J^hn D. Siebe.
His election is only a question o« ma
loritv and among those who are in a
lon to judge it is freely predicted
that Mr Siebe will lead all candidates
on the local ticket regardless of party.
Advance's mad" on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
Nead Case Continued.
The case of .T. M. Nead. the Metnoaisi
exhorter charged with vagrancy, was
called in Judge Conlan's court yesterday
and by consent *aa continued n or t^ week.
It will be remembered that at the trial
of the case the Jury stood eleven for ac
quittal and one for conviction. No action
hap as vet been taken in regard to asking
for a new trial In the case of Mrs. Neaa.
who was convicted by Judge Low on a
similar charg".
THE SA?s IRA NCI SCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1893.
TERRORS OF LA GRIPPE.
(From the Chicago Medical Kra.)
"Many patients recover very slowly.
The lassitude and weakness call? fir
something; in the nature of a tonic, and
for this purpose 1 am satisfied that I
have found a preparation that answers
the purpose. I refer ti»Vln Mnriani."
WILL MAKE A
SPLENDID SHERIFF
ONE THAT EVERY CITIZEN WILL
FEEL PROUD OF.
Such Is the General Opinion Relative
to Henry S. Martin, the Re
publican Nominee.
There is not a single nomination on
the Republican municipal ticket that
has aroused more enthusiasm than that
■ r\ S. Martin, the candidate for
Sheriff. This enthusiasm is not con
: to the ranks of his own party,
but extends to the ranks of the npp«>
.. and on all sides can be found
Democrats who are emphatic in their
determination to vote for Mr. Martin
for Sheriff.
This feeling relative to Mr. Martin's
candidacy is a littinsr tribute t<> his
sterling integrity and distinguished
ability, and Is all the more flattering
because of its spontaneity. There is
not a citizen of San rrancisco wh" has
devoted more time and energy than has
Mr. Martin in enterprises calculated to
cc and benefit this, the city of
his hirth. Eie was a member of th»-
finance committee «>f the Midwinter
Fair, and his efforts were directed uith
great force, energy and Intelligence
. the Buccess of the fair. He was
treasurer of tlv Golden Jubilee
committee, and took an active interest
in the promotion of that memorable
event in California's history.
When elected to the high office to
which he aspires It will be found that
the Republican party exercised rare
good judgment in the selection of Mr.
Martin as its candidate for this re
sponsible position, for he will make .1
did official, one whose record will
ever be a watchword for his successors
in the office.
IN AID OF THE SOLDIERS,
The Cup for Which the Bous Will Drill.
Of the miiny Largely attended and Interesting? drills which have been given
In this city since Uu- arrival ot the United States Volunteers, the probability Is
thai the one to take place next Tuesday evening at Mechanics' Pavilion will
eclipse anything of this kind thus far. Tts beins a competitive drill has cre
ated great Interest among the commands at the Presidio, as well as with the pub
lic in general. The sliver trophy cup will be presented by Dr. Dllle to the win
ning: company. The judffes, who hnve been selected from the regular United
State* army officers, desire to have their names withheld until after the cup is
won. The men <.f the regiments to participate are drilling constantly, and it will
be a dose contest. The programme will be preceded by a battalion parade, and
by a bind concert in which the Fifty-first lowa, First Tennessee and Twen
tieth Kansas Regimental bands will participate. The drill is given for the
benefit of th.. Army and Navy Christian Commission and every dollar realized
from the entertainment will be expended in work among the United States Vol
unteers.
A BUSY DAY
ALONG THE
WATER FRONT
Important Arrivals and
Departures.
MET DEATH OFF CAPE HORN
CHAKLES HALLBERG KILLED ON
THE JABEZ HOWES.
Arrival of the City of Papeete From
Tahiti — Trouble Over the Dis
patch of the Monthly-
Mail.
Tho water front was busy yestprday.
Tim transport Rio de Janeiro arrived
from Manila, the ship Jabez Howes from
Baltimore, the barkentine City of Pa
peete from Tahiti, the steamer Australia
sailed for Honolulu, the new ferry steam
er Berkeley had her trinl trip, and the
work of getting; the transports Zealandla,
Ohio, Indiana. Pennsylvania and Newport
ready for another voyage to Manila went
on with a rush.
The Rio was 31 days frnm Manila, 26
(iavs from Jl'ingkong and 20 days from
Nagasaki, at which place she coaled. She
will not k<> back to Manila, but will \>e
turned over to the Pacific Mail Com
pany, wh< will put her on the Hongkong
route. Tho Rio came up as a hospital
ship, and was anchored oft Alcatraz to
land the sick soldi* rs. The quartermas
ter's steamer, General McDowell, was
pressed Into service and she carried the
Bick soldiers from the Ki<> to tho Presidio.
The troopship then went to the quaran
tine station, where *h^ will be thor
oughly fumigated before »he goes to her
dock.
The Jahez Howes made a quick passage
of 139 days from Baltimore. Some heavy
weather was encountered off the Horn,
and Charles Hallberg, a native of Swe
den, aged 21 years, fell from the toretop
sail yard to the deck and was killed.
The City of Papeete only brought the
American mall from Tahiti. The French
mall Is coming: up on the bark President
Thiers. both vessels were booked to sail
for San Francisco, and the captain of
the French bark used every means in his
power to secure the carrying of the mail.
Captain I^ « r • i < l • ■ of course held to the let
ter of his contract, but the matter was
finally compromised as above. The Pres
ident Thiers sailed from Papeete on Sep
tember 14. and the City of Papeete three.
days later. The bark with the French
mail aboard has still to be beard from.
The British man-of-war Royalist was
In port when the Papeete sail* She had
Murderer Christian on board In irons, and
was taking him to Fiji to be hanged. The
story of the ..tiling of his paramour and
child on Pltcairn Island was told exclu
sively In The Call. Christian, according
to the mate of the City of Papeete, was
kept closely confined in the Royalist's
brig, and he thinks that by this time the
warship has reached Fiji and the mur
derer has been hanged.
The steamer Australia got away on
time for the Islands. She took a. large
number of passengers and a full cargo.
Among those who went in the cabin was
Miss A. Rose, the young lady who repre
sented Hawaii in the Kansas Exposition.
Miss Rose saya she had a splenmd time
in Kansas and enjoyed every moment of
her stay. Still she is glad to be home
ward bound, . - . _>
Frank Curtis, the advance agent of
Nance O'Neill, was also a passenger.
Miss O'Neill and her company will fol
low on the Marlposa.
Mrs. J. S. Klmball, -wife of the well
known ship-owner, also left on the Aus
tralia. She will spend a few months In
Hawaii. Miss Helen Wilder returned to
Honolulu by the steamer after a long va
cation spoilt in San Francisco.
The trial trip of the Berkeley was a
great cess. She left the Union Iron
Works in charge of Captain Jones at 9
a m. and steamed around the bay for
over four hours. She was run as far as
Hunters Point and then brought back to
the starting point. and speeded along the
front and up as far as Red Rock. A cold
collation was spread, and everybody
aboard had a most enjoyable time. The
new boat is very fast and comfortable
and will be a valuable addition to the
ferry fleet.
Men are working night and day on the
transports getting them ready for sea.
The Ohio, Indiana and Pennsylvania will
sail during the week, while the Zealandia
and Newport will get away about th
first of the month. By that time the St.
Paul and City of Puebla will be here, and
they will at once be tHted out to take
the remaining troops away.
John Btranghan, a sailor, lell into the
ba.\ yesterday morning and was nearly
drowned. He was revived nt the Harbor
Receiving Hospital.
LARGE EXPORTS CAUSE
AN ADVANCE IN WHEAT
MILLIONS OF BUSHELS PUR
CHASED BY FOREIGNERS.
Dissatisfaction With Local Call Board
Methods May Besult in a
Change.
Quite a change has come over grain
prices during the past ten days. Wheat
showa a material advance as compared
with prices during the early part of Oc
tober. It Is hard to say whether war ru
mors have had very much to do with the
advance or not. It might at first so ap
pear, but upon facts based upon supply
and demand there would seem a different
reason. Never In the history of the
wheat trade has so much .spot wheat been
purchased of American exporters as dur
ing- the past week. On Thursday New
York, Baltimore, Philadelphia and Chi
cago disposed of 2,800,000 bushels to for
eigners. Every day the demand grows
greater, while farmers' deliveries de
crease. Even the advance docs not cause
holders to sell their wheat. There can be
no question about the supply being ample
to meet all requirements; yet what good
does this do those who have to buy?
Farmers are surely showing flour manu
factures they have a few chips in the
game this year, and propose to receive a !
fair profit for their product. The low
prices during June. July and August were
not warranted. Wheat was depressed
much below its actual worth. It only re
quired time to adjust the price to its
Level. Foreigners were not slow in sizing
up the situation, and have been urgent
buyers, using a little manipulation in their
own markets in order to check the Ameri
can advance whenever there was too
much steam on. Liverpool quotations
w;;M suddenly be dropped 2'u'-'> pence.
American markets would at once drop In
sympathy, when foreigners were always
ad with good buying orders.
Indications point to wheat In the Chi
cago market going Into the seventies. New
York on Saturday reported foreigners
accepting all offerings at prices from t to
ts over Friday's quotations. Mln
lla reported 180,000 barrels of flour
so d in one order for direct export, show
ing that Hour is In good demand as well
as wheat.
i'P'j, reports from the Northwest have;
been bad, too much rain causing serious
damage to wheat in shock. The Russian
cr >]> outlook continues In the balana . c< r
tain sections reporting a complete failure, '
while others would indicate a fair harvest.
Reports from the Argentine are very un- j
favorable, but whether or not enough;
data has been gathered regarding the
■ Top to give an Intelligent report is ques
tionable. It Is rathi r early for the crop
killer to have started in the Argentine.
Australia reports the crop outlook unfa-;
ile. Fran'-e will harvest a larger
crop than usual. English millers' stocks
are very low, and show no signs of in
creasing, even at the rapid rate of Anieri-
Imports.
It exports continue as largo as they
have b.-en of late prices must go higher
yet, (in the other band, farmers should
■■.:>••< t to get last year's prices on any
fi rther advance. No doubt, a freer move
ment of wheat will take place from farm
ers' hands. At present pries there is a
fair profit to producers, which they should
avail themseivee of. The supply is too
to admit of any fancy price or
corners.
Conditions on the Pacific Coast are
much the same as those of the East It
is said 1 2.", .txj0 barrels of flour were sold
by California millers for shipment to
China, March delivery. The Oriental de
mand shows a large increase. December
wheat sold on Thursday at tt 26*4, 'lywii to
|1 23% on Friday, and was SI 25H bid on
th« curb Saturday. Considerable realiz
ing was done by longs, who had good
profits in sight. Now that these offerings
trbed the market shows
strength, in the face o£ advancing
Barley continues dull, transactions be
ing only of a scalping character. Sellers
seem plenty whenever the price reaches
21 2G It is" a case of who holds out the
t. It is not likely the longs are in
great want of the actual stuff when the
time approaches for delivery. No doubt
h barley will be piled to satisfy
those Who really want it. ;
More or less talk has been going on of
late regarding the changing from centals
to bushels In call board transactions,
many arguing that the speculative inter
est that naturally belongs in the local
market haa been driven to Chicago on ac
• of the peculiar marginal methods.
ereat many members want the call
•oona remodeled, the floor lower so
■ hah of a g l-sized gallery, where
!■, lie might come and view the trad
ing and in this way give more interest to
the' institution. A regular clearing-house
seems to be the wish of many instead of
the banking system now In vogue. A
little awakening would make a great dlf
. to the exchange. The agitation
i more pronounced than ever before,
and favorable action ma^be^h* result
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Save
10? Tea
AND GET A
Pio Present pREE
With Every Pound
AT
Qreat American Importing | ea (Jo.'s
MONEY SAVING STORES
S6l Market Ft., oppo- SCS Hayes st.
Bite Powell st. 2510 Mission St.
140 Sixth st. 1419 Pnlk St.
706 Larkln St. 218 Third st.
146 Ninth st. WOfl Sixteenth st.
&06 Kearny st. 200S Fill more st.
1819 Devlsadero St. 1190 Kentucky st.
3285 Mission st. £21 Montgomery aye.
52 Market St OAKLAND STORES. .*
1 1053 Washington st. Bl« East Twelfth st.
817 Broadway. 1519 Seventh st.
131 Ran Pablo aye. 1355 Park St.. Alameda,
B Street, near Fourth, San Rafael. '
Write for Catalogue.
— r. : ~T~ .
q vi«it DR. JORDAN'S °»»«
gad* Museum of Anatomy
jßsa«|^ 10E!MABZIiaT.l!et.6ta*7tt # B. T. C»L
B 5 W The Lart»»tofi«sklndlDtlrt World.
li^l\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Con(ulta:toa tte*. Writ* tot Book  .
Wf, Philosophy c<f W Marriage.
. .', , . tt«iuc race..'
Radway's Ready Relief for Sprains, Bruises.
Bore. Muscles, Cramps, Burns. Sunburns, Back-,
ache, Headache, Toothache, Rheumatism, Neu-
ralgia. Lumbago, Internally for all Bowel
Pains Colic, Diarrhoea, Dysentery, Cholerr.
Morbus ana Sickness, Nausea, etc. All drug-
gists.
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
CLOAK ANDIuTt DEPARTMENT.
A special offering in -High-Grade Ladies' Tailor-made Suits — own exclusive
style "The Hussar" — a double-breasted tight-fitting Basque with the latest style
Spanish flounce skirt— in 5 different shades.
$22.50, REGULAR $30.00 VALUE.
(See them in our window.)
Direct importation of Parisian Street and Evening Costumes— Elegant Separate
Dress Skirts— Capes and Jackets— None to be compared with ours.
GOLF CAPES.
In the largest variety of colors and all lengths.
....FUR COLLARETTES AND NECK 80A5..,.
MACKINTOSHES.
The latest shades and styles — every one guaranteed— at prices lower than last
season. Prepare in time for stormy weather.
COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Q ary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
UNION SQUARE.
i rt ■ '"■■■O W
; j^ Jointed Dolls, bisque heads, H 0
! » inches We
'<% Jointed Dolls, bisque heads, 17 £>
I -T Inches -"»Oc «
I O Jointed Dolls, bisque heads, 19 **
i w Inches 05c 0
; w KM Body Dolls, real hair ._
; # 25c, 40c, 75c Q
|« W/ILL <fc FINCK CO., £
I « 818-820 Market St., S. F. . #
Strong Drink is Death
OR. CHARCOTS TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy for Use
Drink Habit. Nervousness and Melancholy caused
by strong drink.
WE (rtARAKTEE FOIII BOXES
to cure any caw with a positive nrlltrn guar-
ante* or refund the money, and to destroy the
appetite for intoxicating liquors.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
OTDHIIC nDIUI/ Misery. Poverty
Ol nUriO UfllHrV and Death. Upon receipt
of (10.00 we win mall you four [4] boxes and posi-
tive written jnarnntc<> to cure or refund
iourrrnnej. s»nv»« »v— •■■"«>.
■ GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO., Sole A«tß.,
214 Kearny St., San Francisco.
NO PAINI NO F'AIISI
1 "^S^t% lowest Pncei in the City!
. Ht£s^^^^\ GUARANTEED.
*34 « TEETH WITHOUT
SH <^& tfV PLATES A SPECIALTY.
jNjP *^^ «1 Full Set of ..Teeth, ex-
.\H J._V I trading free.. s4.so up
, \"^ jjf&\l&_ Gold Crowns, 22k
fc&* V'^*i^^V^ Fillings .....250 up
W&S&!rm& ELECTRO-DENTAL
Iml^oPj clinic,
' I&P&X^-siJ/^Sf Suite 7. Flood Building,
7,-w --»». ■ SC9 MARKET ST.
] Office Hra.— 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.; Sun.. 9 to 2 p.m.
! CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN El. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY,
tlbursD Ferry, Po«t el Market St.
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK. DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:85,
S:3O, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:80, 11:00 a. m. 1:30. S:M.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:60, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
8:40, .10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 3:40.
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. *
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. ■ In Effect San Francisco.
October 16, ■
"Week [ Sun- 1898. Sun- Week
Days. J days. Destination. days. Days.
7:3oam 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am B:4oam ■
B:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:10 10:25 am >
6:lopm 6:w|im Santa Rosa. 7:35 pmi 6:22pm ■
Fulton,
7:3oam Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyserville,
B:3opm 8:00 am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:22pm i
r - Hopland and
7:3oam 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35pm 6:22pm
7:30 am ■ 10:25 am
S :00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
3:30 pm ■ • 6:22 pm ]
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am S :40 am |
■ - and
6:lopm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:22 pm j
7:3oam 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10 :40 am 10 :25 am
3:3o pm 6:oopm 7:35- pen | 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West '
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Oey- j
Bervllle for SkasK* Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan Springs, i
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad j
Springs, Soda Bay, ' Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs ; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga I
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's. Bucknell's,
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. BooneviUe. Orr"s
Hot Springs, j Mendoclno . City, Fort Bragg,
West port. Usal, Willttts. LaytohvlUe, Cum. i
mlng'B. Bell's Springs, Harris, ' Olsen's, Dyer, ' j
Scotia and Eureka. • , '
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at ;
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 6.'0 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING, . R. X. RYAN. .
General Manager. ■ .Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIU
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Oct. 10. MM, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. . , ■ ■ North-bound. ■
Pat-sen-i Mixed. , Mixed. Passaa- i
■ ger. Sunday .-''■■- Sunday gar. '•
•Dally. E*c'i>td Stations.' Exc'ptd Dally, j
9:2oam 9:25 am Stockton ■ 3*45 7:oopm
11:10 am!l2:sopm Merced 12:G0pm 5:13 !
12:4cpir>! 4:l."pm ' Fresno S:3Cam 3:45pm
I:3Bpm 6:45pm Hanford 7:45 am' 2:40 pm '
4:25 pin 11:59 pm Bakersfleld 2 am ,12:10 pro i
." 1:58 pm 7:so pm| Vlaalla 6:4o am 2:20 pin j
. Stopping at intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
"California "Navigation and Improvement Com- ■
pany, leaving San Francisco at 6 p. m. daily. I
excepting Sunday, and Stockton at 7:15 p. m. , j
dally.
For stage connections see official time table I
or inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Mar- ,
ket street, San Francisco. j
j RAILROAD TRAVEL
• OITJIKR.X IMrri'lC I»A?(Y.
(PArll >«• BTBTMC.)
Trnlu* Iritfr iimi nn mm to nrrlre n«
MAN FIUNI'IMi'U.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leavk — Fkom Oct. 9, 1898. — ARRiva
' »6:00 a NiU-s, San Jose and Way Stations... *Si43a
7:O«A Benieia, Suisun and Sacraoieuto.... 10:40 a
7>oua Marysrille, Orovilleand Redding Tia
Woodland B»43l»
7:O0a Elmira, Vacavllle and Euinsey S:*3p
7:8« A Martinez, San Harnon. Vallejo. Napa,
Calistoga and Santa Rues 8:13?
»:OO» Atlantic Kxrresg, og.len and Kant.. Bi4Bp
»::io< San Jose, Stockton. Valley Spring,
lone. Sacrameuto, M»ry»viile,
Chico. Tehima and Re«l Bluff «:l3l»
9:8Oa Stockton, Oak dale and Jamestown.. T:lSp
•U:3oa Milton »7tiar
O:UUa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Meioed
«nd Fresno 12i13f
BiOOa Fresno, BakanflaM, Santa I! irlmrn.
Los Argeles. Deming, El Paso,
New Orleans and Kast ««4.-> p
Fresno. Menduta, Tracy and Mar-
tinez 6tlsp
1O:OOa Vallr-ju, Martinez and Way Stations 7i43r
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer .StonnciK "JlzOOi-
1 :OOp Mies. Ban Jose and Way Stations ... 1 1 :4.1a
San Jone, *'ileH and Way Stations... tUil.t\
2:o<l i» >'iles, Tracy, M.'iadoU, ilaiiforu and
Vtsalia ; . . 4ilsp
LiTer;nore, San Jose, N'i'.es and Way
Stations tIOjISA
«tOOr Hartloex, Bail Khiiioii. Vallejo
Napa, Cailstoga, Xl Verano and
Snnta Itosa »ilOa
4iOOp Beulcla, Vacaville, Woodland,
1 Knights Landing, MarysTllle, O«>-
> tIIIo and .Sacramento 10:13*
, 4:BopHayirards, Niloa and Ban Jose 7:43 a
O:OOp Martinez, Truoy, Memlota, Fresno,
Mojare, Santa Barbara ami l.os
Alli'olrs Bi43a
StOOp Hai:t& Fn Itonte, Atlantic l^xprets
forMojare and Kast .'... «:43p
3t3Op Niles. San Jo»o, Tracy. Lathrop,
Merced and Fresno
5:30p Stockton 12:l*p
(iiOlip Bnropean Mail, Ogilen and r.«8t.... »t49*
' •6:ooi> Vallejo 13:1 3p
J7:oop Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions J9:4.-»r
9:00p Oregon Kxpr«as,Haeram»iito, Marys-
»lllo, lf.-.1.11i,(f, Portland, I'ngel
j > 5.,,.,,,1,,,,,1 V,,*> gil-TA
hI.N IiKA.NIMCO AMI ll>.'iH\K:>S 1.O(A!,.
' (Foot of Market Street.)
1 JUelrose, Nriiiiimry I'ark, f
8:OOa Kitrhhurir, Kln.liurnt, ,«H : l
«9.00* San I.eaiKJm. South Sa« ....^
1O.«O* l^an.lro, K«iuilillo, li't'M
iil:«OA ■ I,ort>n*o. riierry • t l : 4Sp
1 \ «?• o * n<l J2:»^P
7 X H«nrarfc J t»H3,
4ivop < Bans througb to Nilea. 7:43p
) t From Nilos. \
COAST t>IV:>IOS O'nrroir <Jani?e;. ""
Foot of Market Street.)
8: IOa Newark. Centeryille. ban Josa,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa and Wa;
Stations 3t3o>
15l> Newark, Cc: terville, San Jose. New
Alznaden, Kelton, Bonldei Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations • J 0:30 a
4:1.1 Newark, San .five and Los Gatos... 0:20 a
tl 1:45 Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
! Way Stations :~:2Of
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
I from SIR rRIHCISCO— Foot of Mirktt Street (Slip 8) —
•7:16 9:00 I]:0llA.M. (1:00 *8:33 t3:C3
•1:03 1 3:00 *S:O3r.M.
from OAKLAND— Foot of Broaiw»j.— 8:00 10:00a.H.
1 12:00 »l:03 t2:03 -3-.CO |4:03 'S:o3l'.M.
COAST DIVISION (Hroa.K.'augc).
(Third and Townsetid Stg.)
7:O»a Ban June ami Wny .Stai.ii.us (Xew "
Alinadeu Wednesdays only) l:3Op
•iOOa Han Jose. Trea Pinns, (-i.int:i Cms,
Paclllo (irove l'aso Kubles, San
Luis ()l>isi>o, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way .Stations 4:10(
IO:4«a San .Icib-- mi<l Way .Stations •StOO*
Ilt;tO A San Jose ami Way .Stations 8:354
•«i43rSan Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, .Sau.lnsa,
Gllroy. HollUter. Santa Cnu,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Gri.re "I (1 : 30 ,
•Jl:3«p San Jos« and Way Rtntlnns *D:4M>a
•4ilsr San Jose an, l Principal Way Stations 0:43 i
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations o:^s*
B:SOr San Jose and Principal Way Stations S:3Or
«>::«»!• SanJobr anil WayStat-fons 7s3Of
f11:43p San Job- ami Way Stations 7:UOr
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
| • Sundays ezeeptad. J Sunday* oolf rS»im iv-only
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY x
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
'< Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Time:
r*ar# Ban Francl«eo.s:oo p. m.. 5.M.T.W.T.F.3.'
Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m.. W.T.P.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City. .7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M. T. W.
Arrive Chicago 9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M. T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Servo Superior Meals at Very Reason-
able Rates.
YOU WILL BE COM PORT
It You Travel on the Santa Pa.
Ski FRAHCISCO TICKET OFFICE— MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1520.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Saoraniento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— West Santa Olara St
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry. ... -
FROM SAX FUA.N CISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN KAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:JO, •*:s<>, 11:00 a. m.; »l:«»
8:45, 5:15, *6:ou, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA' TRIPS— For San Rafael en Monday
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:00. •10:00. '11:30 a. m. ; *l:li,
3:00, •4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, *6:35. 7:43. »9:30 a.m.:
•12:10, -2:20.- »3:45. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O, # S:00. *10:00, '11:55 a. m.;
•1:15. ■•8:10, 4:40. «6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San. Quentin.- '■ ■•
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— S:4S, 6:45. 7:55, 9:40 a. m.;
12:3.', 2:4-5, 3:50, 5:20 p. ni.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at' 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05. 1:20, 3:10.
6:00, 6:20- p. m. ■■ - ■ •
THROUGH TRAINS. • .i r -
7:20 a. m.week days— Cazadero and way stars. .
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
- stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sts'a.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
'-.;, •!■■■ - ■ (Via Sauaallto Ferry.) "■
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday, ■
Sept. 11, 1S98: ■ r ■;■ ■■:.■■•.•
Week Days— 3:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:13 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1. *
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, 821 Market
street, Ban Francisco.
1112
«?AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICEB 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until s«:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes .-<t; open until 9:30 o'clook.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1?41 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
IJtn Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'cl< ck.
■ venth street; open until 9 o'clock.
ISM Mission streot. open until 9 o'clock.
NW, corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
block. 223 suiter st . bet. Kearny and Grant
aye.— Christian Science Bible lessons. 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. m. Subject, morning, "Everlast-
ing Punishment"; evening, "The Prophet's
Vision of the Supremacy of Spirit." Sunday
school for children, 11 a. m. Testimonial
meeting Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. All
are welcome.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis-
sion st., between Sixth and Seventh—
Charles Edward Locke, pastor, will preach.
Subject at 11 ... m., "Lift Up .i Standard for
the People": at 7:30 p. m., "is the World
Getting Better?" No. 3 of series. Sunday-
school 1 p. m., R. V. Watt, superintendent.
Christian Endeavor 6:15 p. m. Seats all free.
All Invited. Midweek prayer service on
Wednesday evening. This is a people's church.
Music led by a chorus choir, J. J. Morris,
leader; James Hamilton Howe, organist.
_IMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts. Rev.
John Stephens, pastor; residence, 309 Haight
st. — Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:80 p. m.
Rev. A. C. Bane, the noted evangelist, will
preach at both services. Revival meetings
even' night this week. Sunday-school at 12:30
p. m., C. B. Perkins superintendent. Ep-
worth League meeting at 6:30 p. m. Prayer-
meeting, Wednesday evening at 7:4. The
public cordially invited to all the services of
this church. Seats free. Ushers In attend-
ance. _
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Powell
and Geary sts.. Rev. John Hemphill, D.D..
Services at 11 a. m. and 7:80 p. m. :
Rev. Willis G. White of Colton will preach
morning and evening; music morning: "Te
Deum" (E flat), E. Marzo: offeri iry. "In
Dreams I saw the Seraphim" iFaure); alto
and bass solos and quartet. Musi.-, evening:
"Deus Mlsereatur" tzschmar); offertory.
"Evening Hymn" (Rhineberger): quartet, un-
accompanied. All are made welcome.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner Van Ness
aw and Sacramento st., Rev. Robert Mac-
kenzie, D.D., pastor; Rev. Edwin H. Jenks,
co-pastor- Mr. Jenks will preach at 11 a. m.
and 7:30 p. m. ; Sunday-school at 12:45 p. m. ;
T. P. S. C E. at 6:15 p. m. All are welcome.
THE First Divine Science Church, M. E. Cra-
mer, pastor— Discourse at 11 a. m., subject,
"The Son Is Preferred Above the Angel."
Services every Sunday in Yosemite Hall.
Native Sons' building, >!».-• st . between
Geary and Post. Take elevator.
THE Stranger's Sabbath Home, Howard st.
Methodist Episcopal Church. No. 643. between
Second and Third, two blocks from Call build-
ing, down Third; 2 blocks from Palace Hotel,
down New Montgomery; John A. B. Wilson,
D. D.. pastor; a respectful Invitation to your-
self and friends: a comfortable seat, a cour-
teous greeting, a cordial welcome awaits
you— Sabbath, October 23: 11 a. m sermon
by the pastor, John A. B. Wilson, D. D. ;
subject, "Unsearchable Riches; Are They
Worth Seeking?" Anthem. "The Earth Is the
Lord's" (Pfluegar): offertory, soprano solo,
"Babylon" (Watson), by Miss Mattie Whlt-
tlngdon; Sunday-school, 12:30 p. m. : Junior
League, op. m. . open-air meet - 5:30 p. m ;
Epworth League and Y/oung People's rally,
6:30 p. m.: 7:30 p. m., song service to popular
tunes: anthem, "The Lord Is My Shepherd "
(Smart); offertory, tenor solo, from "The
Cantata of Rebecca" i Barn by), sung by H.
Bradley Smith; v p. m.. sermon, answering
question, "Has Christianity Anything to Of-
fer a Young Mir. In Compensation for Service
Required?" Question to be answered by let-
ter (letters to be read at this service)^ "Why
do not more of the young men in San Fran-
cisco attend church service?"
UNIVERSAL BROTHERHOOD LODGE NO. 7.
(Theo?ophical Society In America.)
(International Brotherhood League.)
819 Market st.; lecture to-night, "Norse
Mythology." C. B. Woodruff; Tuesday night.
"The Human Soul"; Saturday night, "Char-
acter building."
THEOSOPHICAL Society— Public lectures every
Saniay evening at S o'clock in Memorial
Hall OclJ Fellows' building. To-nlght, "Th«
Next Step," by Will C. Bailey. Lotus circle
for children in Fame building at 2:30 p. m.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
SOCIETY Progressive Spiritualists, Occidental
Hall, comer Larkin and McAllister Bts. — Sun-
day, October 23, at 7:30 p. m., speaker, Mrs. ;
R. S. Lllile. Subject, "And a Man's Foes
Shall Be They of His Own Household." Ad-
mission, 10c.
SUNDAY Platform Association— J. L.
York will speak at Scottish Hall, Larkin st.,
this evening at S sharp on "Political and Re-
ligious Evolution"; don't miss it. Admission
free.
TRUTH-SEEKERS anti-fraud spiritualist
meeting will be held in Scottish Hall, 106
Larkin St., to-day at 2 p. in. Prominent
speakers. Admission free.
THE Mission Lyceum Association to-day, 2
p. m. Business of importance. Excelsior Hall.
Mission et. p between 15th and 20th.
ATTEND MRS. EUERHARDT'S test -ting.
8 p. m. Excelsior Hall, Mission St., between
Nineteenth and Twentieth; 10c.
IRENE SMITH, teacher and reader In palm-
istry; readings, from impressions by mail,
$1. 1261 Jefferson St., Oakland.
AT Dr. Rines 1 Spiritual Society. SOS Market st. ;
11. free; 2-8. 10c. Mrs. Barclay, Gilllngham,
Mr. Hanson; ail tests.
C. MAYO-STEERS, 112% Oak st.: circle Tues-
day, % p. m. , Thursday, 2 p. m.; 25c. read-
ings. $1.
KATIE -S.MANN _ sittings; dally, $1; clr-
cles. Friday evenings, 25c. 641 Jessie St., off
Seventh.
EXTRAORDINARY test circle to-night by
LEANDER, 313 Eddy st. ; every one gets a
test, 25c.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c. 605 McAllister St.; come skeptics.
TEST meeting, 2 and 6 p. m., 10c; 335 McAllis-
ter; Stitt, Nita, Mrs. Bird, Hargrave, others.
MRS. SEAL, spiritual healing and business
medium. 2SO Valencia St.; readings dally.
MRS. D. N. COLBY, 1041% Valencia st «!t-
tings daily; circles Tuesday evenings, 25c.
C. V. MILLER, materializing etherealizlng se-
ance, 8 p. m.; 50c. 409 Leaven worth st.
MRS. EGGERT AITKEN has moved to 120 Mc-
Allister St., flat No. i; sittings daily.
TEST meeting to-night. Mesdames Robinson,
Drew and others. '•'•', Market st.; free.
EDWARD EARLE, independent writer,
330 Ellis st. ; sittings daily, 10 to 4.
OAKLAND— Mrs. Lillle speaks at Odd Fellows'
Hall at 11 a. m.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of Th« Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
TajEOSOPHICAL MthTI.NGs.
PROFESSOR FRED BELL,
_ — —The Prince of Orators.
Who, after an absence Of nearly four years
from this city, during which time he success-
fully toured Europe, and had the honor of lec-
turing several times before the Psychic Re-
search Society, London, England, will deliver
his famous new lecture entitled
"The Story of My Struggle
For Truth and Liberty."
AT METROPOLITAN HALL,
This (Sunday) evening. October 23. This lec-
ture has received the unqualified Indorsement
Of both press and public in Europe and
America.
Mr. Bell sings better and grander than ever
and Intersperses each lecture with several
eolos.— Brooklyn Eagle. New York.
All honest Investigators are earnestly In-
vited to this lecture; doors open at 7:15- lec-
ture commence, at 8 o'clock: 10c collection
Professor Joseph Roeckel will preside at the
organ and piano.
N. B.— Professor Bell in acknowledged to be
the most successful teacher of
OCCULTISM
Of the present day, and will prove to all who
call upon him that the key to true spiritual
unfoldment and material success Is found in
the knowledge of practical occultism.
Mr. Bell has also made for years a special I
study of
THE HAND.
And Is fully qualified to scientifically deline-
ate and explain every line and mount In a
manner helpful to your best Interests relating I
to your business and domestic life.
Phrenological Examinations Dally.
Horoscope!" Scientifically Written.
Lessons In practical occultism and the above
sciences taught In manuscript form only
Callers received dally, except Sundays, at his
parlors, 4 and 6, Golden West Hotel,
Ellis St.. near Powell.
Hours— lo a. m to Bp. m.
CONSULTATION FREE.
Cut this out, as It appears only on Sundays
MEETING NOTICES.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from the Excelsior Mining Company.
in the Excelsior mine, at Lowell Hill. Ne-
vada County, to deposit tailings In the North
Fork of Steep Hollow; from Toy K*e. In the
Fair Play mine, near Scales. Sierra County,
to deposit tailings In Fair Play ravine; from
B F. Bul'.ard and A. M. Gra .y. In the Gravel
Hill or MeCutchean placer mine, near Ne-
vada city. Nevada County, to deposit tail-
ings In Little Deer Creek; and from Elmore
Rutherford, In the Plumas Bonanza gravel
mine, near Buck's Ranch. Plumas County, to
deposit tailings in Sherman ravine, gives no-
1 tice that a meeting will be held at room 59,
Flood building. Ban Francisco, Cal., «a No-,.
vt__-er 7, 1898. at 1:20 p. m.
MEETING NOTlCES— C«mtlnn*d.
THE twenty-Sixth annual picnic of the County
Monaghan Club will be held at Shell Mound
Park, SUNDAY. October 23. Admission 2dc,
children free. A good time assured all whc
attend.
MACCABEES, San Francisco Hive No. S, meet!
FRIDAY EVENINGS, Stanford Hall, Aloazai
building. _
1100 000 to loan on diamond? and sealskins; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
GRAND reunion picnic of Democrats— A grand
reunion pionic of Democrats will be held un-
der the auspices of the German Democratic
Central Club on SUNDAY. October 23. 1898,
at Karl Tepper"s park, Fruitvale. Cal. At-
tractions— Music by Henke's Orchestra, which
leaves the ferries at 9 a. m.; prize shoot-
Ing, bowling, danclnir. handshaking of Demo-
crats and Republicans, sack race between
Hon. James G. Magulre and Henry T. Gage
Esq., and skinning alive of candidates accord-
ing: to the latest and most approved methods.
Beer at 5 cents a glass. The committee,
FRANK SCHILLING, Chairman.
ISPKCIAL NOTICES.
I> reunion picnic of Democrat*— A grand
on picnic of Democrats will be held un-
he auspices of the <Jerman Democratic
•al Club on SUNDAY, October 23. 18V*8.
ari Tepper*a park. Frultvale, Cal. At-
lona Music by Henke's Orchestra, which
s the ferries at 9 a. m. ; prize shoot-
sowling. dancing, handshaking of Demo,
at.d Republicans, pack race between
Jam"? G. Magulre and Henry T. Gage
and bkinntng alive of candidates accord-
3 the latest and most approved methods,
at a cents a glass. The committee,
FRANK SCHILLING, Chairman.
ROBERT C. WII>KE, Secretary,
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, calico, muslins, linings,
aprons, towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at
the Pioneer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., room 6: tel, 5580.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d st.
2 ACTIVE book agents wanted; male or fe-
male; big money. Apply 1203 Market st.
DR. MACLE.NNAN cures where medical art
fall's or no fee; free diagnosis. 100 Halght st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. S6 of the Oceanic Steamship
Company (fifty cents per share) will be pay-
able at the office of the company. 327 Mar-
ket St., on and after Tuesday. November 1.
ISHS. Transfer books will close on Wednes-
day, October 26. IS9S, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
I DIVIDEND NOTICES.
IPKM) No. S6 of the Oceanic Steamship
mpany (fifty cents per share) will be pay-
le at the office of the company, 327 Mar-
t St., on and after Tuesday, November 1,
S. Transfer books will close on Wednes-
y. October 26. 1898, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHKI.Di 'X, Secretary.
ft SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
A LADY can always secure a first-class servant
by leaving her order with J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 316 Butter st.
NUMBER of girls of all nationalities awaiting
situations, best of references, at MRS.
HIRD'S, 631 Larkin st. ; telephone Butter 62.
BY a lady from Canada, situation as house-
keeper or caretaker for an aged couple or
family of small children; city references.
Address MRS. TWEEDIE, 2414 Hyde St.
EXPERIENCED nurse desires care of invalid
lady, low terms; faithful service. Address
MRS. H., 426 O'Farrell st.
DRESSMAKER, stylish fit guaranteed; even-
ing dresses • laity; would like engage-
ment; fl 25 per day. Box 1308, Call office. •
REFINED young woman would act as com-
panion cr assist In lighi work; small pay and
a pleasant home. Address box 131 i, Call.
SITUATION working housekeeper; small fam-
ily city or country. Call or address MRS.
K. 8.. 715 Howard st., St. David's House,
room SS.
DRESSMAKER; first-class; thoroughly com-
petent; goes '.ut by the day in families. Ad-
dress 1478 Thirteenth st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman without lncumbrance
wants position as housekeeper in small fam-
ily. Box l"06. Call office.
SECOND work wanted by capable Scandina-
vian girl. $20 a month; Alameda or Oakland
preferred. Box 1302, Call office.
AN American cook or peneral work; city or
country; refpremen. Box 1301, Call office.
WOMAN Irishes work by the day; is a good
laundress.; will do housework. 1015 Clay st.
3ERMAN woman wants position as house-
keeper or to do chamberwork; 120. 33 Dor-
land st., near Guerrero.
COMPETENT woman desires a position as
nrst-clasp cook; understands German cooking.
Call at 20 Middle St., off California, between
Fillmore and Webster.
iVANTED— Situation an cook and houseworker
by a middle-aged woman; city or country;
wages $25 I>er month. Address Cook, 640
Chpstnut st.
BY widow experienced in nursing, chil-
dren, a position In American family. Ad-
dress box 584, Call office.
3ERMAN woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework or keep house; good plain
cook. 18 to $W month. 3 Minna st.
LADY of refinement wishes a place as house-
keeper; fond of children; country or small
town preferred. Call at 1218 Geary st.
WANTED- Position by middle-aged woman;
good cook and housekeeper. Call AIRS.
SPARKS, 83S Market st . Monday after)
GERMAN Protestant desires position; Infant
or small children; competent and reliable;
r;.e«ks French; seamstress; references.
Please address X.. 5 Ewlng place. Laguna
and Sutter sts.
COMPETENT girl wishes general housework;
is a good cook; wages 525. Call at 3996 Army.
AMERICAN girl of refinement, capable of
taking entire charge of children, desires
place, or would do second work; city or
country; reference. Call or add. 407 Taylor.
FIRST-CLASS cook and caterer desires a po-
sition in private family. Address box 564, Call.
POSITION as housekeeper; capable of taking
entire charge of private house or hotel. Box
664. Call office.
RELIABLE woman wants work half a day or
few hours daily; cooking, housework or care
of children or working housekeeper in email
family. Box 563 Call office.
SITUATION as working housekeeper by widow
with boy 11 years; city or country. Call at
512 Bush st.
WANTED — By competent woman, place as
working housekeeper or charge of furnished
rooms; _oori renter or would do chamber-
work; good references. Advertiser, 770 Fol-
K'.m st.
GERMAN woman wants day's work, at wash-
Ing, ironing, cleaning or nursing. Call or
address MRS. H. HEIDER. 642 Folsom St.
NEAT, reliable American widow, elderly, de-
sires position as housekeeper; good cook and
laundress; likes children; wages from $10 to
$12 per month. 268 Stevenson st., room 7.
EXPERIENCED laundress and housecleaner
wants work by the day; terms $1; references.
Box 554, Call office.
YOUNG German woman with a child wants a
position as housekeeper or general house-
work; country preferred. Call or address 14
Rondell place, off Sixteenth st.
GIRL wishes place to do housework in small
family: good references; $15. Apply 418 29th
SEAMSTRESS will take work home or go in
families; $1 a day. 174- Harrison St.. nr. 21th.
LADY wants situation In bakery or store or
coal yard office; experienced; good business
quallflcations. Address F. D.. branch office.
1941 Mission st.
DRESSMAKER from th» East, first-class cut-
ter anil fitter, goes out by the day; makes
suit in one day. 22 Octavla fit.
SEWING of any kind by the day or at home;
babies' wardrobes; children's dresses. M.
KRAMER. 178 Clinton Park, between Thir-
teenth, Fourteenth and Valencia sts.
COLORED woman wishes work by the Thir-
st h. Fourteenth and Valencia sts.
>RKI> «nman wishes work by the day.
week or month. 12 Auburn St.. between Pa-
cific and Jackson, Mason and Taylor.
GERMAN girl wants situation at cooking and
housework. Call or address JOSIE TRET-
ZIAK. 3232 Jackson st.
SWEDISH woman wants w_shln_ and Iron-
ing by the day; $1 60. Address 3255 Twenty-
second St.. near Valencia.
YOUNG lady of bright disposition, thoroughly
musical and artistic, would like to accompany
a lady upon her travels in capacity of com-
panion. Box 556, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS city trimmer Irishes position
three days each week. Box 1094, Call office.
COMPETENT American woman wishes a sit-
uation to do general housework: a good cook;
waged moderate. Address ANNE, box 10S6,
Call.
ENGLISH widow wishes to clean and repair
men's clothes; small charges: best references.
Address Q. C, 1226 Stockton st.
$100,000 to loan, diamonds, silverware; low rates;
private entrance. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
JAPANESE-CHINESE Brnp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 6«.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 4144 O' Fan-ell St.; tel. East 42«.
ENOINBER and machinist; 30 years old; can
run all kinds of steam and gasoline engines,
also pipefittlng and repairing; references.
Address box 1303, Call office.
BY a competent man, age 20, office work of any
kind; fair penman and quick at figure. A.
SMITH, Pejralta Pontofflee, Berkeley, Cal.
SITUATION as hotel porter. Address box
1308. Call office.
COOK and wife wish situations In hotel,
boarding-house or restaurant; city or coun-
try. Call or address Cook. 802 Montgomery
St., corner Jackson, room 21. .
PA ANGER, with tools, wants work;
day, piece or contract: best references; paint -
er. tlnter. ANTOINE. 237 Shipley st.
SITUATION wanted by man and wife; ex-
perienced cooks; capable of taking charge of
hotel or boarding house: reasonable wages;
city or country. Address box 678, Call office.
THE SAN FBAtfCISCO CALL, STJKPAY, OCTOBER 23, 1898.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
SITUATION wanted by American In a place
of trust; country or city; well experienced in
carpenter and cabinet work; understand* care
J of horses and lawns; best of references. Ad-
dress box 1314, Call office.
, SITUATION wanted by practical miller: ex-
perienced In all kind of flour milling: capable
of taking entire charge. Box 1307. Call olrk-H.
BY young man, understands care of horses,
cows, garden; reference. J. A. Mac DONALD,
214 Third st.
SITUATION wanted as coachman or work
about private place, or both; good references;
any wages. Box 581, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER, 31 years old, wishes situation
to make himself generally useful; wages no
object. Box 661, Call office. _______
UPHOLSTERER, young German, wants situa-
t ion. 655 Mission Bt. __
JAPANESE housecleaning. wash windows or
contract. 1603 Flllmore St. Tel. Stelner 231.
[ FAITHFUL, sober man, who thoroughly un-
derstands horses, carriages and driving,
wants position in private family; can care for
garden or cows; references. Address v. «.
P., 522 Mission St.
1 "WANTED— Employment by practical gardener;
i gentleman's place or nursery; competent In
all branches; new arrival, with good refer-
ences; single; age 3S. Reliable, 119% East
First St., Los Angeles.
BRIGHT boy. 16 years, speaks and .writes
German and English, wishes position in
hardware or wholesale store or office, knows
city thoroughly. C. A. RENNER. Fruit-
vale station.
BARTENDER, flrst-cl_ss, wishes position; best
of references. Box 1379, Call office.
$100,000 to loan on safes, buggies, oil paintings:
ftrlctest privacy. Uncle Harris, 15 ant aye.
ENGINEER Young German, competent and
steady, wishes position aa engineer, assistant
or in bollar room; wages moderate, Box m.
Call office.
VALET, Swede, 28, used to traveling, compe-
tent In giving massage; best of references.
Box 1379, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER. 32, desires position on ranch
or country, experienced; highest reference.
Box 1381. Call office. -
THOROUGH orchardlst and nurseryman wants
work, pruning, etc. Box 1392. Call office.
ENGINEER or fireman, young. competent
man, understands pipe-fitting, repairing, etc.,
wishes position. Box 1092. Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener, understands nj' 11 *-
ing German descent, desires a position; first-
class references. 7. . box 11. Call, Oakland.
POSITION us foreman on ranch by responsible j
man. 34 yearn old; for past 6 years has been ;
foreman on large stock and cram ranch; Al j
references as to ability, Integrity, etc. Ad- i
dress box 1086, Call.
COACHMAN or general man wants situation;
understands the care of horses, harness, car-
riages, etc.; good gardener; single; best ref-
erences. Call at stable. 1217 California st. _
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 260 to $160 night; »M to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free Dus
and baggage to and from ferry.
"" HEW 1 WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— For country, early Monday fore-
noon, infant's nurse for country, $20, Protest-
ant 'references required, see lady In city;
Protestant nurse for child 6 years of age,
must also sew some, $25, short distance;
Protestant second girl, $20. short distance; 2
waitresses do some chamberwork, mountain
resort, south, $20; neat waitress for restaur-
ant (25; neat trirls for housework In Palo
Alto $25; San Rafael, $25. and Newman, $25.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Butter.
WANTED Scandinavian cook, wash and iron,
126, 3 in family; German girl, general house-
work, 4 in family, $25; laundress, family
work. $25; cook, $30. and second girl, $25. same
house- 2 second girls and sewing, $20 and
$25- nurse and serrnd girl. $20; and a number
of girls for housework. lIS to $25. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT _ CO., 316 Butter St.
FRENCH cook, $35; French maid. $25; Ameri-
can second girl and sew, $15 to $20; 3 German
cooks, $30 and $25; 10 Scandinavian and UGer-
man girls for general housework, v city and j
country $25 and $20: 40 girls for housework |
and assist. $10, $12 and $15: nurse girl, play •
with baby, $5 and good home: all-round girl
for the springs, see party here, $20. C. R.
HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary Ft.
A — EXPERIENCED governess, English
branches German and music; travel Europe; .
$25. C. i: HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary ii
3 COOKS, boarding houses. $S0; 10 waitresses
for hotels and restaurants, city and country.
$20 and $25; ironer, laundry, country, $35. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED operator* to work on white
and flanel shirts; also a limited number of
Inexperienced will be. taken and taught. ■
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, Gough and
Grove sts.
SEWERS' on ladles' wrappers and waists.
MARCH BROTHERS, 1212 Market st.
1 FIRST-CLASS talloress on coats, 106 Stock-
ton St., room £6.
FIRST-CLASS operator- and finishers on cus-
tom vests. 609 Keamy St., room 2. ■
WANTED— Young colored woman; must be
first-class cook. 239 Post St., room 4.
A FEW good steady * operators on silk waists,
wrappers and gowns; good work. NEW-
BAUER BROS.. 18 First st.
WISH to place a 2-year-old child In a good
home. 115% Second m . room 3.
GIRL for general housework; wages $10; call
Monday, 10 to 12. 1125 Hush st. |
GIRL to assist with housework. 415 Broderick 1
street. |
NEAT elderly woman. Catholic, as house-
keeper; small flat: girl 3 years. Box 1391, Call.
YOUNG girl for cooking only; $20 to $25. 2924
California St., Monday, bet. 2 and 6.
GOOD tailoress; willing to learn operating; $11
per week. 1064% Howard st.
3 GLOVE salesladies; 1 operator overstltch ma-
chine Apply Wednesday morning. W. hi.
SMITH, 12S Post st. _
APPRENTICE and errand girl, both paid, and |
girl for general housework; one j-peaklng
French preferred. Call Monday a. m , bet. 9
and 12. MRS. HOWARD. 23 Butter Bt
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom pants; good
pay; steady work, Call to-day, 10 to 12, 411%
Kearny st., top floor.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general housework;
short distance In country; $10. Call Monday,
11 to 2. 1677 Post st.
HELP wanted by French dressmaker. 414
Post Ft.
rAILORESS on coats. Call this morning. 1064%
Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS tailor-esses; ■ buttonhole makers.
BOWHAY. 604 Butter st.
WANTED— Lady private secretary and cash-
ier in professional office; small capital re- j
quired. Room 20. 12 Telegraph aye., Oakland. ;
WANTED— A neat young girl for "light house-
work and cooking. Call after 10. 339 Fair
Oaks st.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit. 376 San
Jose aye.
WANTED — Young Irish woman housekeeper.
Address Commercial Hotel, Emeryville. Cal.
SEAT girl about 14 years; mind baby. Apply
at 812 Ellis st. after 10 a. m.
LADIES, do not fall to visit the largest and
best conducted dressmaking and millinery
school In America: we teach the celebrated j
McDowell garment drafting machine, late
Improvement, that received the highest
awards and gold medals at all the fairs; our
system is used by the finest dressmakers In
Europe and America; In our millinery de-
partment we teach the making and trimming
of stylish hats and bonnets: patterns cut to
order 25c up. The McDowell Dressmaking
and Millinery School. 103 Pout st.
LADIES everywhere to mall circulars, samples
and copy letters at home; reply with stamped
envelope. Peerless Co., South Bend. Ind.
WANTED— private secretary and . cash-
ier In professional office; small capital re-
quired. Room 21. 12 Telegraph aye.. Oakland.
WANTED— Operators on flannel overshlrts; a
few Inexperienced hands token and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS _ CO., 36% Fremont st. __
L.EARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; lattems, 2. .c up. McDowell's. 102 Post.
.EARN sewing at KEISTER'S; good positions;
patterns, 10c up. 118 McAllister st. '
APPRENTICE girl wanted for hair work at
O. LEDERER'S, 123 (new number) Stockton.
WANTED— Experienced fur machine operators.
Apply H. LIEBEB * CO.. 137 Post st.
NEAT young girl for general housework to
a couple; one who sleeps at home preferred.
Apply from S to T_ a. m., upper flat. 2026
Ptelner St.
(100,000 to loan; low interest; private en.; gen-
tlemanly attention. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for housework; small
family: country: iels. 2107 Pine »t.. a. m.
m_XP W A .\TI-O— M A I.E.
WANTED In.-try cook and baker. $60; pastry
cook and assist cooking, $50; butcher. $40;
waiter, $3R; waiter's assistant. $20 and $25;
laumlryman for institution, $30; washer for
laundry, $35; pantryman, $20; vegetableman. I
}ir,; dishwasher, $25; teamster for vineyard, '
$20, et,-. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
WANTED— Respectable Catholic man as nurse
in an Institution near city at $20 per month,
with board, lodging and washing; second
cook for mine, $25; 10 men to chop wood, tools
and. provisions : advanced;- farmers, ■ milkers,
cooks, waiters and dishwashers. W. D.
EWER & CO., 626 Clay at.
HELm.' WANTED— Continued.
MURRAY & READY MURRAY _ READY
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Want Monday, 7 a. m
264 more men for Arizona •
26 farm hands $26, $25 and $20 and found
4 milkers $20 and $30
3 choremen for ranches. .s2o and $15 ana lound
56 teamsters, railroad work
54 laborers, railroad work
&5 woodchoppers $160 and $1 cord
Si tie makers be to lie each
MURRAY _ READY,
; .- 634 and 636 Clay .-t,
GROCERY clerk, country store, $15 and in-
crease; age 18 to 25 years. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay at. ,
SAUSAGE maker, country shop; learn butch-
er's trade, $25 and found. MURRAY _
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BUTCHER, restaurant, near city, $40 and
found. MURRAY _ READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
2 PORTERS, city and country hotels. MUR-
RAY ft READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
BARTENDER, country, $30 and found; barber,
country; German gardener. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay t>t. ______
COOKS Waiters Dishwashers
3 hotel cooks $50, $35 and $30 and tound
3 restaurant cooks $7, $S and $10 week
Cook for ranch $35 and found
Young man for country bakery.. and found
5 waiters, restaurants and hotels... s3o and $2o
4 dishwashers $20 and $15 and found
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employment
Agency, 104 Geary st.
Office open Monday, " a. m
WANTED ■„"",■■■■
Laborers and teamsters. Coast road, rree
t a Laborers and ' teamsters, ' mountain railroad.
7 muckers, benchmen and headersmen, $2
to $2 76 a day. long Job •• •••
10 quarry men. $2 a day, steady work
10 laborers for a quarry, $1 "5 a day
4 coal miners. $1 a ton. see boss here.. .....
6 laborers for a sawmill in Oregon, $28 and
board, fare advanced, see boss her 0...... ......
3 laborers for a limekiln. $1 a day and
board, see boss here
6 men to grub land. $25 an acre. . .... . . ......
6 woodchoppers, Sacramento County, $i w
* 16° woodenoppers." Sonoma County. 75c for
redwood. $1 16 for pine. ............ ••• ••• •■•••;
3 carpenters, framework, city. $- -■• a , aa .v,:
carpenter and upholsterer, country *»oteK*£
and found; ratchet setter. $35 and board
milker, $25; farmers. $20; 2 choremen. $1- and
$10. C. R. HANSEN & CO.; 104 Geary. fit - ■;■%*
CHIROPODIST. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary St. -
SECOND cook, $65; third cook. $45; kitchen
hands. C. R. HANBEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. i
WANTED— Bright, active young man of good
appearance for real estate '^V'vVu'ort!? '
experience unnecessary. }■ . C. \\ EM \\ UK! 11
& CO., 788H Market st. : call bet, a and 11.
WANTED— Millwright or elevator man. Call
at 210-212 Fremont st.
GOVERNMENT positions Don't prepare for
any civil service examination without seeing
our illustrated catalogue of Information;
sent free. Columbian Correspondence Col-
lege. Washington, D. C. j
zzz
WAITER wanted. 10S Seventh *t.
YOUNG man about 17 years of age to learn i
trade. Apply Monday at 126 Kearny. room 1.
WANTED— experienced clothing saleaman
who has worked in this city. Apply this
day. Golden Eagle, 104 Kearny St. |
TO go to-day— Another lot, 200 pairs men's i
second-hand shoes, some nearly new, from 26c
to $1. 562 Mission St., bet. First and Second
Btf. . open all day Sunday; call early.
GOOD cook wanted. Call to-day. The Cozy,
1221 Market Ft.
SHOEMAKER understanding hand sewed
work; 1 man on nail work. S4l Broadway.
Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor; only first-class
need apply. BOWHAY. 504 Slitter St. •_
YOUNG man physician or druggist; better ,
than a practice: must be a good talker; light
work; short hours; big pay. Call 9 to 12
a. m., 2407 Howard st.
WANTED for the U. 8. -Able-bodied
unmarried men between ices of 21 and 35,
citizens of the United States, of good char-
acter and temperate habits, who can speak,
rend and write English. For Information ap-
ply tn recruiting officer, 425 Montgomery st.,
San Francisco. Cal.
MANAGER— Good business manager with $1500
for San Francisco; active man or woman with
this amount will learn of an opportunity to
make $200 per month from the start; investi-
gate. ».OVITA COMPANY. 79 Dearborn St.,
Chicago.
WANTED— Reliable men and women In every
town to work for us; neat, steady employ-
ment: good wages; no deception; no delay;
vend us your address and we will send you
work Immediately. Address Standard Art
Mfg. Co., 142 West Twenty-third St., New
York City, room A.
COAT, pants, vest makers for country. Apply
REISS BROTHERS, 24 Sutter at.
TWO young men Interested In shorthand to d!?-
tribute circulars. Km. 29. Mercantile Library.
WANTED— A second mate for an English ship
at HERMANN'S. 26 Steuart st :
$100,000 to loan on diamonds and Jewelry: pri-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
260 PAIRS men's second-hand shoes, 25c to $1.
66. Mission St.. bet. First and Second sts.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men. between the ages of 21 and I
30 years, who are citizens of the United i
States, or those who have legally declared
their intention to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height. For further
Information apply at the recruiting office, 20
Ellis fit.. San Francisco, Cal. .
WANTED At Montana House, 764V4 Mission j
ft., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— 2O laborers at Bay and Leavenworth
its., city.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or
trade guaranteed, $15. 1542 Market St.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50: men's
solelng. 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employment Office. 9.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, 13S»£ Eighth st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection. Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 604 Pa vis St., near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Hosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week. _^
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 16c night: 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third ft., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS -We have It; write at once; over 8000
testimonials prove that our device will actu-
ally save 40 per cent of fuel bills; agents mak-
ing $18 a day. Lyons Fuel Saver Co.. Mil-
ford. Ind. __^
WANTED —Salesman to introduce coin Blot
kinetoscope and open exhibition rooms; give
references. Address American Kinetoscope
Co.. Washtnjjton, D. C.
FIRST-CLASS agenta. ladles or gents: excel-
lent proposition. Room S. 14 McAllister st.
LIVE, energetic agents to handle a good spe- i
cialty: just In. Greater West Advertising _
Novelty Company. 11C6V_ Washington St.. Oak-
land.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED- By young gentleman, room and
board In private family, on or near California
or Sutter sts.; state terms. Box 586. Call.
BOARD wanted in a Jewish family by lady;
references. Address box lON, Call office.
BOARD and lodging for mechanic and 2 chll-
dren. Box .'fin. Call office.
~ ROOMS WANTED.
2 OR 3 sunny connecting rooms, unfurnished
or carpeted: state location and price; refer-
ences. Address box 679, Call office.
WANTED Unfurnished room with carpet and
curtains; must be central and sunny. Box ;
585,' Call office. ■
~ WANTED—MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Lot of water colors and studies;
cheap, cash; send memorandum, price and
size. Address box 1316, Call office.
A SECOND-HAND printing pre.*; eighth
medium Gordon preferred. HANCOCK BROS.,
630 Market st.
SOLIDITY coupling outfit- and leather roller.
Address H., box 7, Call office. Oakland.
WANTED— Second-hand Victoria chaise to buy
or In exchange for coupe. Box 10S2, Call.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus; second-band. ' 109 Montgomery st. . y
CLAIRVOYANTS^
MRS. DR. P. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery In lire. sne
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
i remove family troubles, restore lost *{"9-
tlons; unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life while in a .per-
fect tran*; perfect satisfaction guaranteed
by mall. Send stamp for circular with .spe-
cial terms. MRS DR. F. CLARK, rooms 25
and 26. 1208 Market St.. opp. Sixth.
MISS DWYER. the distinguished clairvoyant
medium, graduated under the highest P ro "*"
eors of occultism: all wishing to know their
future consult her immediately; poor P«°P» e
half fee; by mall. $1; diagnoses all diseases.
426 Post st. _ __
MMX PORTER, clairvoyant & cardreader;
born with double veil & second sight; diag-
nosis disease with full life reading; la •• <" .
I gents II; palm & clalr.; sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
1 DO not locate mines or reveal hidden treas-
ures, or tell the lucky numbers in lotteries,
but I do give as good reading of the cards as
any one for 25 cents. 221 Sixth St. :
MM 13. WALTERS, the great card reader; la-
dles 26c, gents Mi.-. &51 Mission St.. nr. Sixth.
MRS, JEPSON tells past, present, future; L.
60c: O. $1. 775 22d. bet. West & Brush. Oaklnd.
MMX REAL, card reader; . tells present and
j future. 83f,A Howard st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth St.. room 10.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 28c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. BTBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. »1« O'Farrell St.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, th« well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
M'IRITUALISM.
IN the darkest hour, behind the darkest cloud,
peep and see what mystery Is there beyond
that brlngeth forth glad tidings to me. Con-
pult our new arrival to the field of mediums,
MME. CELIA KAUFMAN, 418 C/FaiTeU St..
room 8; ladles only.
MRS. J. J. "WHITNEY, trance test medium.
life reader, medical clairvoyant; treats pri-
vate and chronic diseases, no matter from
what cause or how long standing;, with re.-
vealed remedies; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
THE Witches Own Dream Book, 178 pages of
dreams and what they mean. Sent by mall
on receipt of 2.'c. Address S. HALL, 1203
i Market st., San Francisco. Cal.
I MAUD FOSTER, medium and astrologlst: cir-
cles Tuesday and Thursday at 8 p. m. ; has
removed from 34 to 28 Sixth St.. room 3.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 1 p. m. ;
Mm.. 8. 26c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
M FRANCES. Independent Blate-wrltinx _.«-
dium. 118 Halght st.
EIH(ATIO>AL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur- i
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
PRACTICAL electrical. mechanical private
Instruction for boys and girls. 14 years up-
ward; parents invited to investigate: posi-
tions when competent; terms reasonable. Ad-
dress box 558. Call office. _____
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; Indl- )
virtual instruction In shorthand, typing, book- j
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship. English i
branches, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low rates j
per week and month.
INSTRUCTION piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE, 3941 Twenty- I
fourth st., near Sanchez.
UNIVERSITY coach— Perry.Ph.B.. Fel-
low In Mathematics. U. <".. 7407 S. Atherton,
nr.Channlni way, Berkeley; write for circular. I
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day& eve.;
Ml U64. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market. !
SPANISH School -Dally lessons, $3 a month;
4 to 1 p. m. Room 10. T. M. C. A. building.
LAW schools, '.'27 Market St., city; 90« Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night.
jinn o<io to loan on diamonds, sealskins and Jew- |
elry. UNCLE HARRIS, 18 Grant aye.
MMe7~ANNIS MONTAGUE TURNER, vocal
Instructions; correct. natural method. 93o Bush. j
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrs. experience. Press Club bids., 123 Ellis. j
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
ENGLISH literature, mythology: Shakespeare
classes: prl tuition. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
MEDICAL.
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause); safe and ,
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fail; ]
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential: strong j
pills. 11; guaranteed cure, 15. MRS. DR.
WYETH. 20S Turk St., near Jones.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all Invalids, men and women; |
&0 years" practice: safe and quick cure guar- :
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace !
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief, |
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home, I
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market
st:; rills. SI: very strong. $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure: no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box. sent free by 1
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all :
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23 ,
Grant aye.. S. F. A caution— Before pur- j
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In one day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or Instruments used; consultation free;
saves disgrace: pills and capsules, II; cure,
15. By the well-known ladies' physician for
37 years. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly;
consult free; confidential : office hours. 9 a.
m. to 6 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market.
LADIES. Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladles letter by return mail; at I
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home In confinement, with every |
comfort: best care and attendance: terms I
moderate: Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; |2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
DR C O WISE, the Indies' specialist. Office.
1148 Market st.. opp. 6th nearly. Cut this out.
II no 000 TO loan on bronzes, silverware; private
entrance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. I
MRS DR. SCHWARTZ, home In confinement;
* treatment 12 M. 852 Castro, cor. 7th. Oakland.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife; sunny, pleasant
home In confinement. 156 Second st.
LOST.
LOST-On Tuesday night last from 922 Illinois
st Potrero, a rough haired. yellow
slut heavy In pup. Reward will be given i
to any person giving such Information as will
lead to its recovery. Apply at 922 Illinois st.
LOST— Saturday evening. October IS, on or near :
Hayes St.. lady's gold watch. Return to 40a
Hayes st. and receive- reward.
LOST —An overcoat containing books and
papers. Return same to McNAT? & SMITH,
205 Davlß St., and be suitably rewarded.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San -Francisco, In th«
name of AUGUSTUS F. GODDARD, No. 183-
1222. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In th«
name of EMMA MALEDON, No. 187-1523. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of EDITH FAY McAVOY. No. 174055.
The finder will please return to bank.
CERTIFICATE No. 234 for 10 shares of the Saa
Francisco and San Joaquln Valley Railroad
issued to A. G. RUSS. has been lost and a
reward of $10 Is hereby offered for delivering
the same to A. G. RUSS. 201 ■ Montgomery st.
FOUND.
1100,000 to loan ladles on their diamonds and
sealskins. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
BICYCLES.
SOME second-hand bargains In the famous
White bicycles; old wheels taken in exchange
for new ones. The White Sewing Machine
Co., Mason and Ellis sts.
SECOND-HAND bicycles, from $9up; new girls'
wheels. |IS; new 1897 high grade $100 bicycle
for $29; new tires. $2; new pedals, $1 25 a pair-
repairing. JOSEPH HOLLE. 20th and Folsom.'
GENT'S wheel, almost new; no reasonable
offer refused. Box 561, Call office.
WANTED in exchange for dentistry, bicycle
or what have you for exchange? Box BSS. Call.
storageT" ~~
PlERC_^R?)D^L?H~ito7aKe^iind^Movtn* Co**
' oXflce Tenth, an! Market; telephone South we!
PERSONAXJL
LEDERER'S Quinonla Is the best Hair Tonic,
should be used as dally hair wash. &>c doi-
tle. 11l Stockton tit.' _____——
THERE Is plenty of room at LEDERER'S
Hah- Dressing Eatabllshment, no crowding,
20 artists to dress your hair In the most cor-
rect form, any style costs 25c only.
GEORGE MAVn.K. expert optician, German
Optical Insltute, 1071> 2 Market St.. near sev-
enth; formerly 28 Third st.
MAGNETISM is the life of the physical; It
cures sleeplessness, melancholia or any dis-
ease that Is curable; instructions given con-
cerning the causation of malformation, olrtn-
marks and their prevention; the Power or
thought and Its effects; philosophy of life or
how to live; no medicine, no batteries used,
no rubbing; can heal from a distance. J. w.
BROWN, magnetic healer. 1362 Grove St.,
Oakland. .
WALLACE'S system of dresscutting taught at
. 419 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale] also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO, MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home In confinement;
treatment, $2 GO. 852 Castro, cor. 7th., Oakld.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House. 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $« per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and fram the ferry.
SUITS to order on installments at. cash prices,
$1 week. N. T. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, MIS Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOB. 1117 Market at.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSmXkING, ladles' tailoring taught; S.
F. Dress Cutting School: tailor suits: ball cos-
tumes, house gowns, negligees, riding habits,
coats, capes, cycling suits; men and women
teachers employed. 816 Mkt.,^>pp. Emporium.
JM TAYLOR— MRS. GRAY, dressmaking; la-
dles' suits reasonable; dresses made over:
satisfaction guaranteed.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method: trices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 an>l
$5 rer month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the 'oldest and lament house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. pianos, organs and
all ether musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
II $250 we will pell you the finest piano ever
ng possible done to please and satisfy the
tomer.
$250 we will pell you the finest piano ever
offered In this city; guaranteed for 10 years;
our own make; our own building; terms to
cult the smallest pocket. Scott-Curtaz Piano
Company. 560 Hayes st.
BEN J. CURTAZ * SON, sole agents for Chlck-
erlng, Steck. Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell st.
DECKER & SON pianos take the lead, as they
tire bent In quality. ton" and finish; prices are
low. MAUVAIS. 769 Market st.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby. Evans,
Brlgga an.l other pianos;. see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post it.
WANTED — buy a piano: will rent sunny
furnished rooms as payment. Box B*4, Call.
EIAINES' Bros, and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. ■■'. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
(60 — UPRIGHT piano; good tune; for sale on
$. . Installments. 1115 Post st.
190 — Elegant Emerson piano; bargain. Schmltz.
16 McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
AN elegant Stelnway. upright for $230 cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S, 1021 "an Ness aye.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest; prices lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 138 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 OFarrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
HORSES.
(0 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyards, 210 Valencia St., between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own price; come and
make an offer.
16 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket,- 327 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes- j
day. SULLIVAN &- DOYLE.. Auctioneers.
XVF. carload of good work and driving horses;
cheap. • J. FORRESTER, 426 Valencia st.
JUST arrived— 2 carloads work, draft and driv-
ing horses. Occidental Salesyards. 721 Howard.
AVAGOXS AND CARRIAGES.
COUNTRY leather top . Landau, 6-passenger
wagonette, physician's coupe and falling
front Brougham second hand, cheap. . 500
Golden Gate aye.
DELIVERY wagon for sale cheap for cash.
Apply Devisadero-st. stables, near McAllister.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
rHREE^-STONE diamond and sapphire ring.
$70; worth $160. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
THOROUGHBRED Angora kittens, from finest
stock, for sale at Angora Cattery. 557 Ellis st.
1% HORSE-POWER pas engine good as new
for pale cheap at 31-33 Park are.
FINE W. W. Greener 10-bore shotgun for $S0;
cost originally $100. At UNCLE HARRIS', |
15 Grant aye.
A beautiful pearl opera glass for $6: cost orlgl- |
nally $15. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
HALF-HORSE gas engine; dynamo; cheap.
1025 McAllister st.
SECOND-HAND lumber, all kinds; also bldg
being torn down Townsend and 2d; lumber
cheap; firewood. J. B. FRENCH, Valencia
and Fifteenth st.
Engine boiler, pumps, pulleys, shafting, laundry
mchy. dynamos, 2d hand. White. 516 Mission
LARGE fire and burglar proof safe for sale
cheap at 42 Main st. -
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
— ■
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission at., above
Sixth. . '
SAFES— and second hand; cheaper than
ever. Herman Safe Manfc, 533 Sacramento
PHONOGRAPHS, $20; records, $5 per dozen:
projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl. 938-952 Market.
J. R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and Whit
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
|2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; 'phone Mint 45
ALL kinds bought, sold, . exchanged, rented:
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
HOTEL R_SAL^_____
FOR sale— Family hotel 76 rooms: corner; cen-
tral location; fine view; doing good business;
low rent: long lease. Inquire W. I HE.V-
PRICKS' room 614. Claus Spreckels bldg.
DENTISTS.
DON'T wear a rubber plate; you can get our
combination metal plate for the same price;
It is thin as paper; full 8«t of teeth. $5;
crowns, $3; fillings, 60c up; teeth without
plates a specialty; written guarantee for 10
years given on all work; no students employ-
ed; extracting free when plates are ordered;
consultation free. MODERN DENTAL PAK-
LORS, corner Market and Mason sts. En-
trance 8 Mason st. ; phone South 781.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 yearn;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, We; crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. , telephone Jessie 1132.
A FULL set of teeth,- $•">: see new flexible
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c: crowns. $3 50: all-
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. : telephone Jessie 1132.
SET of teeth. $5; fillings, gold, $1 up; silver. 25c
up; bridges; plates repaired: all work pain-
less and warranted 10 years. . New York
Dentlstß, 969 Mission St.. corner Sixth.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist.
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
entee of Improved bridge work or teeth. with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market St.. corner Sixth. ,>;.?.-••;
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. ' ' - ' • •
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
w. KEY, 1330 Market st.
-
BUSINESS CIIAXCES.
A— WE have buyers to invest in anylegitiimata
business; parties willing to sell give us 1
call. National Business Agency. 7 Grant aye
A— PAYING delicacy store; 3 living rooms-
cheap rent; well fitted up; selling account
sickness. National Business Ex., 7 Grant aye.
WE have a purchaser for one-half Interest in
a paying business. National Agency, 7 Grant.
A— ssooo; DRUG store across the bay; elecanthr
fitted and wen stocked; receipts $1200 month-
ly; no competition. KREDO & CO., 22', Geary.
A— WOO; BRANCH bakery, delicacy, laundry
office; $16 dally; must sell. KREDO & CO
2214 Geary st.
A-$700; GROCERY and bar; fine corner; West-
ern Addition; value In stock; $20 daily; snap
for man and wife. KREDO & CO., 22V* Geary.
A— sl3oo; ROAD house, near city; 20 furnished
rooms; 35 acres; highly Improved; $1000 cash
balance time. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary st.
NOTICE is hereby given that the partnership
heretofore existing between M LESS and
C. M. THOMSON, under the firm name of
M. LESS & CO., was on October 20 133S
dissolved, and that C. M. THOMSON is no
longer connected with said firm, or with said
M. LESS.
$225 IF sold at once; saloon close to Market «t..
near Baldwin Hotel; fixtures up-to-date; a.
first-class place; owner compelled to sell; this
place has a splendid future; call early.
WILKE & UNFUG, 966 Market st.
HOME SUPPLY CO., 132 Nassau St., New York
city, will send postpaid their new Illustrated
catalogue of curious things; it will please you
SURE! Send postal.
HAVE purchasers for coffee house, branch
bakery, grocery and all kinds of business;
have list of good businesses lor sa'.e. EITEI.
1016 Market st.
GOOD-PAYING saloon; fine location; reason-
able rent; clears $1.10 per month. PAUL.
D. CULVER, room 23, fifth floor, Mil bi<ig.
BAKERY— OId established; good business; good
location; excellent chance for right party. _j
Apply SW. cor. Mason and Chestnut sts.
FOR BALE- Saloon, restaurant and IS roon-a;
fine yard and stable; on city front, close to
docks; a bargain. Box 1304, Call.
PROMOTER wanted; competent to sell valu-
able U. S. patent; liberal commission. F. D.
CLARK. Prattsburs, N. J^.
FOR SALE— First-class grocery and bar at &
! sacrifice; owner leaving city; make offer.
Inquire at 641 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Stevedores to pay oH their
men in place nicely fitted up for the pur-
pose. Apply 23 East st.
DRUG store, $850; principal street; city; reason
for selling; trial given. Box 771. Call office.
SHOE shop for sale cheap. 1315 Mission street.
PARTNER; man or lady cashier; will
clear $100 a month and board. 808 Clay st.
$150— PARTNER to take charge box office la
theatrical enterprise. Box £83, Call office.
FOR SALE -Newspaper office established 15
years. P. O. box 327. Los Gatos, Cal.
UNITED STATES laundry route, horse and
new wagon. Apply 1059 Howard St.
GROCERY and store, 8388 Howard St.; must
be sold on account of sickness.
FOR SALE A good-paying saloon. Apply
John Wleland Brewery.
$150— BRANCH bakery, confectionery, station-
ery, cigars and notions; 3 living rooms; deliv-
ery wagon if wanted; best bargain ever of-
fered. Call 1004 Polk St.; no agents; rent $15.
NEAT 15c 2-ctialr barber shop; a good-paying i
stand; building and shop to rent for $30 a f
month. Barber, Wallock building. .Vlsalla.
COOPER shop, horse and wagon. 310 Fremont
St., S. F. Inquire ¥29 Broadway, Oakland.
SHOEMAKING business for sale. 63S Market
St., in basement.
AT a Sacrifice — One of the best located res-
taurants In Oakland; has been run by tha
present owners for nine years; clears $250 per
month: first-class trade: owners retiring on
account of other business in S. F. For par-
ticulars M. L. WURTS, 17th and Bdwj, Okld.
GOOD butcher business at a low figure; excel-
lent location; a good tenant wanted: first-
class inducements to right man. Apply to
A. R. D. Jr.. 1457 Webster St.. Alameda.
FOR SALE— Restaurant; no night or Sunday
work. Apply at 6 Leldeadorff st.
COAL yard for sale; splendid location. Address
box 777. Call office.
WANTED— To lease or purchase a good paying
paper route. Box 1038. Call office.
$100,000 to loan on sealskins and diamonds;
strictest privacy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
$50 BUYS a good 15c barber shop in the coun-
try this month. H. BENNER. Cohisa.
FOR — Old established cigar and tobacco
cash route, with fine rig; big bargain; part
cash if desired. 124 Oak st.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitor* headquarter*;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-109
Beale St.
$150 — COFFEE and restaurant; not far from
city. For particulars Inquire at Call office.
A bargain If sold at once.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED — First-class sign and carriage paint-
er as partner for the . best opening on this
coast; must have some money. Address or .
call at 2223 Shattuck aye., Berkeley. ' k
lodging houses FOR SAL*.
hTcTdecker.
1020 market st., opposite fifth,
10-room house; only ...... $ 150
21 rooms; corner: clears $150.. 650
46-room house; corner 1200
24 rooms; clears $100 600
19-room boarding house 1400
40-room house: only $150 cash 450
14 rooms on Powell St.; new 750
26 rooms on Mission: new 1500
44-room house; corner 1600
22 rooms; near City Hall 600
36 rooms; clears $200 1500
60 rooms; clears $100; only 750
10 rooms; all rented: business street 300
2? rooms; on Market: clears $200 600
23 rooms; new furniture; clears $150 1000
100 rooms: corner; best on earth.. : 6000
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
CALL BEFORE BUYING; CAN SUIT YOU.
I have honest clerks to wait on you.
H. C. "DECKER,
1020 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE FIFTH.
A— Kredo & Co 22% Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
53 rooms; beet corner on 6th...' $1600
48 rooms; good location for business 2000
38 rooms; fine corner; clears $100 1100
14 rooms: good corner: transient 800
11 rooms; cost $1500: a snap at 750
10 rooms: nice house; clears $40 550
A— s6oo; 23 rooms; monthly receipts $115; rent
$45; Rood furniture. Kredo & Co., 22^, Geary.
A— s6oo- 37 rooms: centrally located: clears $150
month ; snap. KREDO A CO., 22^ Geary st.
A— $1100: 36 rooms; fine corner; clears $150; $500
cash, balance time. Kredo & Co.. — Geary.
a— slooo- boarding; inelegantly furnished rooms;
no rent: $«00 cash, balance time. . redo & Co.
A— ll ROOMS on OFarrell St.; clears $75
month: all new furniture: snap
48 rooms; north of Market St.; fine $1200
76 rooms; select: transient; corner 35<X>
18 rooms; rent $30 400
22 rooms; north of Market; clears $125.... 1160 ,_,
10 rooms; all new furniture 600 ~
1 .IF YOU WILL CALL ON UP
WE "WILL SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION
.PRICE AND SIZE OF HOUSE
F. C HYDE & CO., 1206 Market St.
L, W ROGERS, clerk for F. C. HYPE &
CO. (formerly clerk for H. C. DECKER).
>0 ROOMS; corner; part cash $1000
22 rooms; north of Market; bargain 850
24 rooms; near Baldwin; part cash 1050
25 rooms: Post st.; new carpets 1800
35 rooms: near plaza 1730
47 rooms; rent $7,".; 2 corners 1650
67 rooms; cheap rent; clears $150 1400
WINSTON & CO., «46 Market st.
RELIABLE BROKERS.
MONEY TO LOAN AT 2V4 PER CENT.
LOOK AT OUR BARGAINS—
10 rooms $175 18 rooms; fine $530
16 rooms 250 20 rooms; snap 600
37 rooms... 700 50 rooms 1250
National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
JUST completed lodging house of 37 rooms; all
sunny and on one floor; southeast corner of
Sixth and Shipley sts.
FOR Furniture 9 rooms; quiet, clean,
always full; no agents. 313V4 O'Farrell st. .
12 DOUBLE and single hardwood beds, springs
and mattresses; clean; $5 each. Box BS6. Call.
$200— BOARDING-HOUSE of 10 rooms. 628
. Pine st. ' .
$1450— LODGING-HOUSE. 30 rooms, on Second
st. Call at 81 Natoma at.; no agents.
$100,000 to loan on stocks and bonds; low Inter-
est. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
TO Let— Furnished lodging house, 70 rooms,
with privilege of buying; central. Box 558.
Pall Office. -->---■ .
——__-_—______
CAKPBT CLEAMXfi
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. ; C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250,
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- w
beating Works. 353-57 Teh_m a St.; tel. S. 40. >
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st. : tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 Hth
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden 1
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at.;
tel. Main 39i. GEO, WOLCOM. Proprietor.CITT REAL ESTATE*.
a. H. UMBSEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 Montgomery st. j
A BEAUTIFUL LOT.
$900— Commands fine panoramic views of al- i
most the entire city; Park Hill; 26:10x154:9.
irregular.
BUSINESS CORNER LOT-BARGAIN. (
$900— Corner 33x119 (irregular), a half blocK
from Mission ft.; a snap.
NINTH AVENUE.
$1500—120x100: South San Francisco; near elec- ,
trie cars.
CHEAP HOME IN THE MISSION..^--
jl6Cn>— 2-story house, 6 ro.-ms and bath; Dries
foundation, etc.: handy to Mission st. cars;
small amount cash, balance same as rent.
A BARGAIN ON PACIFIC ST.
yj«tjo_.3- e tory house of 10 rooms and oath ana ,
lot; rents $276 per annum; this is a bargain.
A COZY COTTAGE.
$200*-Stelner st. ; cottage of 5 rooms and
bath and lot; nice location; will b,- sold on eas,
terms: small amount cash; balance equal to |
rent.
MAGNIFICENT CORNER LOT.
$250"— Choice part of Presidio Heights; com-
manding unobstructed marine views; 32^'viX
117:9; owner Is open for any reasonable offer;
must be sold.
CHOICE RFPI PENCE LOTS.
$12^ per foot— Lot any size on the main drive
to the >V.rk: street accepted: the best residence
' l;X-ation in the Western Addition.
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE, ]
13600—2- story house of 9 rooms; house alone
worth the money; could be converted Into flats |
at very little expense; within 'a few blocks of
the City Hall; 25x100.
A SHORT DISTANCE FROM MARKET AND
PAGE STREETS.
$4000— Rents $360 per annum; a bargain; dou-
ble cottage of 5 rooms each; street accepted;
mortgage of $21"0 can remain If desired; JOx
77:6; cwner means to sell; will consider an
offer.
ASHBTJR* HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOTS,
$5000— 50x106:3; as a whole or in subdivisions
to suit.
FILLMORB STREET FLATS.
$7500— Thre» flats of 9, 6 and 6 rooms and
bath each; brick foundation, etc.; rents $75t>
i-er annum; 25x110.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ords." which contains a list of properties for
eaie in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE BY
O. D. BALDWIN _ BON,
32 MONTGOMERY ST.
$1300— Half block of land south of the Park;
B. great sacrifice.
— Rents $65 per month; pays 1$ per cent
per annum. 3 new modern up-to-date flats, on
Corner; Panhandle District.
$7000— Putter St., near Polk; 22:6x70; rents $35 j
per month; 1-story stores, would pay well if
Improved.
$sJf>o— Sacramento st.. near Laurel: new up- |
to-date flats of 5 and 6 rooms and all modern 1
Improvements; rents $47 $0.
$4600— Clay it., near Spruce; new house, Just
completed; marine view; a bargain.
$?000 — Rent* $*! 50 per month; 1 of tha finest
fiats in the city; choice Western Addition lo-
cation.
$4250— Rents $40; 2 handsome new flats, 6 rooms
and bath each; Sanchez, near Market.
$750) — Grove st., sunny side, bet. Broderick
and Baker; 50x175; fine house of 16 rooms in
flats, large stable; lawn and flowers; half of
lot vacant.
$^500 — A dead bargain; Van Ness aye., near
Pacific aye.. east side of street; 45:10x137:6;
eiegant lot for fine residence.
$11.000— Rents $136 per month; pays over 12 i
per cent: S nice flats; 5 and 6 roms and bath
each; sunny side of street; choice location;
cars pass the property.
LOOK AT THIS.
Beautiful home on Van Ness aye., near Broad- j
way; 27>:12>>, with stylish modern house of 11
rooms and bath; $5500.
$12.000 — Cost $17,000, and nearly new and mod-
ern; Pacific Heights residence, 10 rooms; na-
tural wood, art glass, furnace, etc.; lot 30x112.
$37,600 — 8-story and basement brick building.
op. Fourth St., near Mission; 34:4^x90; rents
$ I*o * *■
$1000— Point Lobos aye., near Fifth aye., north
f i - '. 15x100.
$)350 — Maple St., near Clay; street accepted.
$2£oO-Mar!ne view; corner: Presidio Heights;
JV*jd>7.-«.,
JToO— Key lot on Fifth aye., near California I
SISOO — House of 6 rooms, north side of Ber-
nard St.. bet. Taylor and Jones, Pacific and
Broadway; street accepted.
$1750 — Nice lot on Stevenson St., near Eigh-
teenth; 25xS0: street accepted.
O. F. YON RHEIN _ CO.. ~~ ~~~
513 California st.
IMPROVED.
45:10x137:'!: full water lot: Improved; leased for
C years at $230 per month.
Montgomery aye., through to Washington
et.; brick improvements; rents Jl?0.
$12, 0 X1 — Corner Leavenworth and Greenwich;
137:6x137:6. with house.
fSSOO— Jackson, near Taylor; 22:11x77:6.
$-.750 — Haves', near s."iner; 25x82:6: flats; rent
$42 50.
SlO.'XiO— Comer Dupont and Hinckley; 20*67:6;
Btore and lodging-house; rents $S5-
s6soo— Ellis, near Buchanan; 25:9x50; flats;
rents $55 50.
S«i2s<V_F<jwell. near Vallejo; 21x67:9.
$SSOOV-Californla, near Baker; 26x77:7%: 1 flats;
rents $42 50.
$;•■>»— Page, near Pierce; 25x137:6; cottage, 6
rooms and bath.
HZO-'. I—Green,1 — Green, near Pi well; 24:3x63:9; flats; zjents
J
mc-0— - -well, nr. 24th; 25x122:6; 2 flats.
$37."0— Guerrero, nr. 17; 25xS0; flats.
{?r/>o— Clara, nr. 6th; 2.'.x So.
$;<ioo— 2Sth. nr. Sanchez; 25:5x114; cottage.
. $1700 — Bernard, nr. Jones; 23x60; cottage and
stable.
" - UNIMPROVED.
. $14' A —Filbert, nr. Varennes; 11:6x57:6; cheap.
$12"0— Fair Oaks, nr. 26th; 25x125.
SE. corner Polk and I^ombard; 80x71:10.
Scott, nr. Washington; I.x 1 I.'j.
17th and Capfh 32:6x110.
2ox>s; 13th, nr. Stevenson; 2 lots.
25x100; Valencia, bet. 13th and 11th; 4 lots.
$2'o EACH. $5 monthly: no interest; lots 25x
114; only 5 minutes from Castro-st. cars; good
lots to build on. J
Lots in Sunset District. Golden Gate Park,
cheap, on $5 monthly payments.
$73 each— ss monthly; level building lots 25x
120; only 2 blocks from Pan Mateo electric cars.
JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
JUST THINK!
For the same money you pay as rent we
%viil idve you a new 7-room and bath cottage
in the Heyman Tract; cottage has gas, mantel, 1
porcelain tut>«, finished basement and frescoed
rooms; Ftrf-ets graded and sewered, with gas ;
an.l water pip^d; take Misslon-st. car transfer ;
at Twenty-second St., ride to Hoffman aye., !
and ask for J. A. Cotter, resident agent.
JACOB HE-MAN, 11 Montgomery St., for par-
ticulars.
NEW 7-room and bath cottage now being
built, with lot 25x120, on Ninth aye., between
California and Clement st. ; terms $400 down
ami $2.1 a month: II contains porcelain tubs and
all modern Improvements.
$90 down and $10 month; price »8O0; good 3-
room cottape and lot with ssement and
chlckei hou*e: near Mission and Thirtieth sts.
JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
$150— VERY cheap lot; the cheapest lot in
Ocean View: level; street macadamized; Ba-
dowa St., near Plymouth; 25x125. /
1450— Fine large corner 79x125; corner Bemis
and Lewis sts.: lays well; . must be sold
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
$400 — MAKE .offer; London st., near China
avenue; a snap: will build to order.
Choice business corner near Powell and
Frannlpco »if.: stores and flats and stable;
rents $45; flret-clasn location for butcher or
procer; bargain. J. W. WRIGHT & CO.. 630
Market st.
MARINE VIEW.
. . . FIFTY- LOT
FOR SALE QUICK
One block of cable cars; street. work all done;
view can never be obstructed: price $7900. !
Full particulars of JULIEN SMITH, Real
Estate -Agent, 420 Montgomery st. |
A— PRICE reduced; very cheap: 4 corner lota; ■
SE. corner Broderick: Ridley and Buena Vista
aye.; two blocks south of Haight and Baker
Ftp; choice view, an.l all surrounding resi-
dences nre .of superior class. C. .E. FARNUM,
M.D.. 305 I'arrott building.
12300-5-ROOM and bath cottage, 1606 Castro St.,
between 25th and 26th; $500 cash, balance $25
monthly; house* built to suit purchasers on
20th St., near Castro. F. NELSON, builder,
414S Twenty-fifth ft.
FOR sale-S6W)O: fine property; northeast .'.rner
I-.lglit-entl, <in<l Church st».; 62x114; substan-
tial bay-window cottage. 6 rooms and bath:
brick foundation; ground U worth the money.
$1300— FOR sale very che^ lot j, sxloo on Four-
teenth St., near corner of Folsom Ar>ni<-
ni-OROE W. H. PATTERSON & CO HO9
Market «t.
CONTRACTOR GRANT. 110GB Valencia st •
cheapest contractor and builder in the city!
$2000— HOUSE and comer lot; Harrison and
Fifth Bts^, -Oakland. 2422 Polk st., S F.
$10 MONTH: rent from yourself; 4 rms~cotage;
lot 25x125: $1200; sunny: Mission. Box 569, Call.
LOTS at Golden Gate, near new ferry; $20
cash, balance $5 per month. THE McCAR-
THT CO., 616 Market at., S. V*
CITY RE BSTATB.
MADISON _ BURKE, Real Estate Agents.
Established 1868. 626 Market St.
$7500— McAllister st., near Fillmore: two large
flats; paying good income; lot 2.->xloo.
Must be sold— Two fine fiats on Hayes St.,
near Buchanan: lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low; $55; only $7250; make offer.
$4500— Bush st., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
$=.000— Three flats: Twenty-first st., near Va-
lencia; rents $39 per month; lot 22x90.
Cozy new cottage; Tremont aye., near Fred-
erick St.; 5 rooms and bath, with all latest
conveniences; only $8000; terms to suit.
$2900— Twenty-fifth st., near Sanchez; «
rooms and bath; 24:3x114.
— Cottage and lot; Twenty-first St., near
Castro: 5 rooms and stable; 25x114.
Webster St.. near McAllister: « rooms
and bath and rear house; lot 25x54:6.
$3500— Two cottages; Chattanooga St., near
Twenty-third; 32:6x117:6.
Hyde, near Union: cars pass; lot 26x60; only
$2500.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Halght and Octavia • sts.. 1 block
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-halt pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
Corner, only $2250; California and Locust j
Bts . 37:6x107:7.
50 vara: Buchanan, corner of Chestnut; $6000;
137:6x137:6.
Bryant, near Twenty-fifth; 52x100.
$27. — Clay St., near Spruce: 27:6x127:8.
$4000— Ritch St., near Third and Folsom; two
lots; 50x80; cheap.
$2600— Page, near Devisadero; 25x137 :«.
Twenty-first St., near Sanchez; 60x114.
$1750— Union St., near Webster; 25x100.
$1250— Sixteenth st., near Castro; 25x100.
$1000— Seventh aye., near J st.; 25x120.
$I*oo— North side Golden Gate aye.. near Cen-
tral aye. ; 25x110. .
$1000— Jersey st., near Noe: 25x114.
California, near Second aye.: 26x100; $SOO.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
HOOKER & LENT 14 POST BT j
FINE BUILDING LOTS.
$60 cash, $10 per month.
READY FOR BUILDING.
Lots on Lake, Eighteenth and Nineteenth 1
avpe. ; full size, with marine view; water pipes 1
In.
A6HBURY HEIGHTS.
$200 cash, balance easy.
Corner Clayton and Frederick.
Ready for building. j
Splendid view.
Cars to tha door.
COTTAGES ON EASY TERMS.
$1100— House of 4 rooms and bath; lot 25x114;
Twenty-first Ft., near Church: street work done.
}15,V)_Cottage, 6 rooms; lot 25x114; street work
done; Twenty-first st. , near Church. ;
J33(K>— House, 9 rooms and bath; near Nine- j
teenth anil Mission sts.; bitumlnlzed street;
concrete walks.
$12,000. RENTS $97 50.
3 fine new flats near Washington St. and Van
Ness aye. ; all rented: large lot 32 feet front. .
full depth; owner must sell.
HOOKER _ LENT.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
BUSH. NEAR POWELL.
House of 16 rooms; rents $100 monthly fur-
nished; splendid lot 27:6x137:6; price $10,000;
this property must be sold; an offer wanted.
GUERRERO STREET.
Guerrero St.. near Nineteenth; 5-room house |
on splendid lot 36 feet wide; price only $3800.
REDUCED! REDUCED! REDUCED!
From $4600 to $3250; bouse of 7 rooms on
Twenty-first St., between Valencia ! and Mis-
sion; must be sold within the next few days;
here's your chance.
ONLY $3500.
Seven-room house on Sacramento St.. near
Leavenworth; must be sold; terms easy.
CHEAP LOTS. CHEAP LOTS.
— Cheap lots near the Park panhandle; De
Long aye., near Waller; 25x56:3.
$1325— Lots on Frederick St.; 25x137:6.
SISS0 — Lot on Belvedere St., near Waller; i
25x120.
$2500— Fine lot near entrance to Park; 27:6x100. .
$4500— Pacific Heights lot; 42:6x107; view.
$3000 — Scott and McAllister sts.
$2400—26.3x110; Devisadero St., near Broadway.
Send for our list of Presidio Heights lots; j
$1400 up.
MISSION LOTS.
$900 to $1250— Fine level lots on bltuminlzed i
streets; the cheapest lots In the Mission; on
terms If desired; ail frontages.
McAKEE BROS.. McAFEE BROS.,
lffi Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Cal. ;
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine st., oppo- i
srte Nevada Bank, will sell at sweeping re-
duction:
$62,600 Another piece of Market-st. property, ,
near Sixth st.
$2! ■ ). reduced from $35,000— Paying B<* per ;
cent; a very good business corner; 3-story ;
houi?e, stores and flats; in Western Addition.
$SOOO, formerly $9000; rent $70— Fillmore st.,
one and a half blocks from Market; 4 fine flats;
lot 49x80.
$25,000. reduced from $33,000— A splendid prop-
erty on Larkln St., a few blocks north f^m the !
new City Hall; stores and flats; lot 48x137:6;
paying 9 per cent on the price.
$3750. formerly $5000— A solid business prop-
erty; 2-story and basement brick house, on
Brannan st i Just west of Third; lot 25x75; rent i
$30; a nap. '
PARK PANHANDLE PROPERTY.
< $13,000— Rent $34; 4 splendid flats on Fell st.,
near Masonic aye.; lot 37:6x137:6.
$4250— Splendid cottage; Oak st., near Lyon; 1
lot 25x110: fronting on park panhandle.
IN THE HEART OF TOWN.
$100,000 — Fine property on Kearny St., near ',
Market; large lot renting at $525 per month; ,
nearly 6 per cent net ground rent.
$65,000 — Splendid property on Market St., only
IV<. blocks from the Baldwin.
$42,500— st., near Market; large lot; !
well Improved; stores and flats.
INCOME PROPERTY.
$5000— Rent $6«; 4 flats on Geary St., -ear Dev-
leadero; lot 25x125.
$.'.750 — Rent $47; store and two flats; Geary St.,
near Fillmore.
$2400— Rent $25; double Cats near Sixth and
Bryant sts.
THE CALIFORNIA TITLE insurance and
trust company
Issues policies of Insurance upon realty titles,
which guarantee purchasers and their heirs j
against losses from defective searches.
The company has a paid-up capital of $250,000 j
and a reserve fund of $26,000, which amply ■
guarantees every policy. '
The leading banks accept its policies and loan
money upon the property of which the title is
lnrured without other Kenrch. i
Having a complete abstract plant, th« com-
pany is able to make and continue abstracts for i
use of attorneys at shortest possible notice.
•The advantage of a policy when a man I
wishes to convert his property Into cash quickly •
or to make loans upon it has been proven
again and again by experience. The man with
a guarantee title finds that he can borrow
money with as much ease as If he had stocks !
and bonds." — Chicago Tribune.
"The guarantee of such companies protects j
purchasers of property and mortgages against i
risks which, though remote, always attend real
estate transaction*. The most experienced
lawyer may err. especially where the law Is un-
determined and fraud is an element of danger."
—New York Herald.
Money loaned on real estate at current rates
of interest.
— Mills building. San Francisco.
■j ■:■>■■ A. T. SPOTTS, Manager.
• j.i . (Ex-County Recorder.)
SOL GETZ * BROTHER,
Room A, first floor Crocker building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
NEW BLOCKS! NEW LOTS! BARGAINS ON
EASY TERMS!
Location and price will positively suit you.
$400 to $SoO— Sunset Heights lots: graded;
splendid view; $25 down $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$250 to $750— Choicest Richmond lots; only
$25 down. $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ _ BROTHER.
$100 to $250— Level building lots near Misslon-
st. electric cars; only $5 monthly.
Call for maps and diagrams.
SOL GETZ _ BROTHER,
. Room A, Crocker building.
$1950—16 ELIZABETH St., 71 feet east of Guer-
rero; 2-story bay-window residence, consist-
ing of 6 rooms and bath: positive bargain;
Inspect to-day; we are selling the house and
giving the lot away; terms to suit. F. A.
McNALLY & CO.. 19 Montgomery st.
C. C. BEMIS, ~~~
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh sts. : close to electric road.
Jsooo— Good corner for store; must be sold;
lot 52:4x60 feet
."-<>x 127:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay.
£0-vara on Page st. ; panhandle of park.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— Southwest corner Fifth aye. and C
■t.; 109x95 feet.
$780— NEW 4-room cottage, etc.; Sunset Dis-
trict.
CORNER residence. 10 rooms: bath; cen-
trally located. Box 1079. Call office.
$100,000 to loon; low Interest; strictest privacy;
on diamonds. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
827 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1898.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$2300— 81G bargain In new cottage In Rich-
mond; lot 25x127:6; on 14th aye. near Clement
' st.; house contains 6 rooms, bath, etc., and
I is very cheap.
$96,000 — Total' rent $SSOO per annum; prominent
Sixth-st. corner, not far from Market St.; sub-
stantial improvements, stores ; and lodging
house; extra large lot.
$3500— Central aye., near Turk st. ; 2 flats of
4 and 5 rooms and bath each; lot 27:6x110.
$7250— handsome new flats of 6 and 7
rooms and bath; best portion of Devisadero St.;
rent $62 50; lot 25x100.
$3000 — Business property; 25th st., near
Church* lot 25x114 feet; 2-story building, con-
taining store and 4 rooms; also 7 rooms and
bath upstairs; baker's oven in rear of lot.
$4250— Rent $40; Clay St., bet. Powell and
Mason; 3-story building, 6 rooms, bath, etc.
$2750— Union St., near Taylor: 2 flats of 4 and
5 rooms each; lot has 2 frontages; rent $24.
$7750— Rent $82; 2 stores and flats; on Twenty-
fourth St.; lot 50x100; this is a fine opportunity
for some one; call for particulars.
$6000— Mason st., near Sutter; house of •
rooms arid bath.
$2000— Filbert St., near Laguna: cottage of 6
rooms and bath; stable In rear of lot; lot 25x
137
$4300— Big bargain; Jackson st., near Baker;
bay-window cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
stable in rear: lot 25x125.
$10,000— Fulton st., near Franklin; large bay-
window residence of 10 rooms and bath; expen-
sively built; lot 40x120.
$4200— Welsh St., near 4th; 3 flats of 8. 8 and
4 rooms; also rear house containing 2 flats or
4 rooms each; total rent $44.
$6000— Rent $50; 8-story- brick building contain-
ing stores and 14 rooms above; Minna near 3d.
$6000— Sacramento st. 2 new flats, 4 and 7
rooms, etc.; lot 27x127: rent $52 50: both rented.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery St.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$35 PER acre— 2so acres at Boulder Creek; 20
acres in bearing apple trees; 20 acres in bear-
ing vines; 60 acres in hay and other products;
oldest ranch in Santa Cruz County; house,
bam and other Improvements; soil rich; cli-
mate delightful, It being within 5 miles of the
ocean; Includes one whole valley; the sum-
mer home of one of the most prominent jur-
ists In California; original cost $18,000; offered
at a sacrifice if sold Immediately; a practical
rancher who will live on the place can buy
an interest on easy terms. Inquire of C. S.
YOUNG, 602 Market St., S. V.
A SNAP 15-aere prune orchard, near Santa
Rosa; $1300 annual income; cottage, 6 rooms,
with all modern Improvements; good barn:
windmill; $t>iwi buys It this week. THE
REYNOLDS CO., 35 Third St.
TEN-ACRE tracts of One fruit land near Au-
burn. Placer County; $5 monthly: no interest;
$15 to $26 per acre. JACOB HEYMAN, 11
Montgomery st.
TO lease — 15-acre improved ranch near Hay-
wards; elegant S-room house, furnished. A.
M. SPECK & CO., 601 Market St.
10 ACRES; must be sold; all In trees; 1 mile
from San Jose; take part trade. 1480 Church.
$100 to loan on watches, bronzes; private en-
trance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
HOMEY TO LOAN.
LARGE sums to loan on mortgage of real es-
tate (city or country) for a fixed term, or re-
deemable by Installments at exceptionally low
rates of Interest.
Special terms quoted for loans on life poli-
cies. Interests under wills. & 2d & 3d mrtgs.
Promissory notes discounted and all finan-
cial buslnens transacted.
R. GOULD. 131 Montgomery st.
MONEY to loan at rates which people can af-
ford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. : do not
borrow of your friends or you will lose their
friendship; do business with strangers and be
better satisfied; no delay, no publicity. East-
ern Loan Co., rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market fit.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in 8. F.. Oak-
land or Alame.ia at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1022 Mission St.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 94<t Market St.; telephone Green 204.
ADVANCES made at cut rates on watches, dia-
monds and Jewelry. L. H. BCHARER. 22
Mason st.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval: money quick: confidential; no commls-
Plon; lowest Interest. Room 68. 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; rio commission; $23 up;
private party. BONNELLpI, 180 Post st.
ANY amount at 6Vn per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLOAN, 24 Montgomery; rm. S.
$100,000 to loan on stocks, bonds and diamonds:
strictest privacy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant »v
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2<l mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
ELEVENTH. Branch office of The Call.
Pubscriptlons and ails taken.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to invest. BYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker, 321? Montgomery st.
PHYSICIANS.
DR MACQUEEN'S Family Consulting Rooms.
Advice and medicine. $1 50: open 9:30 to 6. 997
Market, cor. 6th. opp. Weinstock & Lubln's.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence,
1206 Market: diseases of women a specialty
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700. $1800, $2200, $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown on the. market for non-payment
of Installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4 5 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and stations.
We are going to weed them out, nnd InvlU
inspection MARCUSE ft REMMEL,
Bay-rt. station, Alameda, and 630 Market St..
Ban Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
IF you want to build, buy or sell property call
on J. 11. YOUNG, 1213 Park Bt.
BEF< '*.E you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company. Installment home
builders. IT."' Park -I, Alameda. ( ' a l
BERKELEY- REAL ESTATE.
THE CREAM OF RERKELEY.
We are about to build 3 9-room modern co-
lonial homes, 1 block south of university, on
large lots; terms to suit; also elegant . house
Just completed in same locality* plate glass
windows, porcelain bath, etc.
11100 B-room house at Golden Gate; large
lot; 1 block of station: easy terms.
M. L. WURTS, 17th and Broadway, Oakland.
WE offer for sale several of Berkeley's most
beautiful homes; one with large grounds,
fruit barn well, etc.; about ten minutes*
walk from station. Two other fine I places,
handy to station and delightful view.
Another on Dwight way: nil in good order
and very desirable, at moderate prices.
Also several smaller homes from $1000 up-
ward- we also build homes to order on easy
terms. O. O. MAY & CO.. 2123 Center st.
Al TA PUNTA Tract again on the market;
prices reduced; on San Pablo aye., 8 miles
north of Berkeley: lots and by acreage; look
at this. .Send for map to G. W. HAIGHr.
220 Bansome St.. S. F. ■
LOVELY place In the middle of an orchard;
house of 4 rooms: lot 100x135: only $1600. Ap-
ply to TAB. J. MASON, Real Estate. Berkeley.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
$475-GRKAT bargain; owner must sell, going
Fast- house of 2 rooms and basement; stable;
fruit trees; comer lot 35x125; all fenced; ce-
ment walks convenient to local train.
$1080— Cost owner IlSOO* for pale. In East
Oakland bay-window cottage of 4 large rooms
••and bath- high basement; corner lot 28x100.
tir.u- Reduced from $1600; modern cottage of
6 rooms and bath; 8-foot basement, all floored;
chicken-houses; stable; fine well and force
pump- lot DOxlOO; very handy to car lines.
tldo— New cottage of 4 large rooms; pantry;
closets; bathroom; marble woshstand; sta-
tionary tubs; 7-foot basement; good, brick
foundation; lot 100x140; ail fenced; near local
"$1660" $1660— Cottage of E rooms; high basement;
front and back porch; good "table; 4 chicken-
houses; fine artesian well, windmill and tank;
fruit trees; lot 6r.x150, all fenced.
H. A. PLEITNKU. Fniltvalc Station. Cal.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
$2000—320 ACRES heavy redwood timber.
$6000— Choice attractive eight-acre ranch near
Oukland. and fixtures; grocery; good trade;
j7r,o_ptock nnd fixtures; grocery; good trade;
W j" wfcOX & CO., toe "Ninth st. ,'
EQUITY in corner residence: principal street;
bank mortgage $7500; exchange for outside
or country home; state full particulars. Ad-
dress box 680, Call lice.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
INVEST before the "North Oakland Ferry" is
started; North Oakland property owners get-
ting ready for a boom in real estate; you can
realize a handsome return by investing be-
fore the Santa Fe and San Joaquln Valley
railroads get "Ferry" and . •'Cross Town j
Electric Railroad" In operation; make your |
selection from our large list of improved and j
unimproved probate property. For particu-
lars address RICHARD J. MONTGOMERY.
Executor Estate of MARGARET P. Mc-
COURTNET deceased. Office "North Oak-
land Real Estate . Headquarters," 470 Thir-
teenth St., Oakland. .
ELEGANT new modern residence. 9
rooms; best locality in city; reduced from
$S0O0; rented $40 month. Apply . quickly.
ALDEN-OARFIELD CO., 902 Broadway.
MONEY to loan on real estate, also furniture,
' pianos, etc . ALDEN-GARFIELD CO.. 902
Broadway. ;
$500— HOUSE and large lot well located; also ■
good lots $75 each, by ALDEN-GARFIELD
CO., 902 Broadway.
$200— NEW 3-room cottage; chicken house;barn;
nicely fenced; fine well of water: 3 large lots;
price $650; balance $6 monthly; 45 families |
now located in Allendale Settlement, East '
Oakland- streets all graded; some macadam- ;
ized- fine school and electric carp near; per-
fect drainage; site, soil and climate the very
best Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh
St., cor. Broadway, Oakland. Carriage free.
H-'z. JONES. Owner. .
U60.000-BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$20,000— 62 rooms; hotel; sell or exchange for
Oakland property.
J.lJOO— Corner resort; 10 rooms.
$4100— 20 acres 1 mile from Oakland.
60 good homes for sale. $1000 and upward.
«200 — Ranches for sale; some may exchanged.
Stamp brines 30-page illustrated catalogue.
E. E. BUNCK, &08 Broadway, Oakland.
$550— PAYABLE $5 monthly, will buy one of
those new 3- room cottages, with lot 60x125,
or 4 rooms and bath, $750. $7 60 a month, in
the Alvln Tract; streets macadamized: take
H-iywards local train to Elmhurst station;
train stops in front of the Alvin Tract; or
Haywards electric car to Jones aye. JACOB
HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery at., San Francisco,
01 163 Ninth Bt.. Oakland^
tgOO- FOR pale, the oldest and best equipped
real estate office and business In Oakland:
sold at one time for $6000 cash; sub-rents
more than pay all expenses; the present
owner has an engagement in Honolulu. Apply 1
nt once to W. F. BANION. 902 Broadway.
NEW 5-room cottage, high basement, all mod- \
crn Improvements, and 4 vacant lots with !
bearing fruit trees, grounds and walks; $200
down balance same as rent. Field Realty
Co., 114." E. 14th St., nr. 2M aye.. E. Oakland.
DO you want a home very cheap? Look! ! '
I will sell No. 361 East Seventeenth su. Oak-
land, for $2660; a 9-roo'm house, with stable
and 50-foot lot; 40 minutes from San Fran-
cisco: $300 cash; balance mortgage on prem-
ises- time to suit; belongs to a non-resident:
keys at 368 East Seventeenth st. R. P.
AX E.
FOR sale in Oakland— New house, 7 rooms and
hath- 2-story: best construction and finish;
lot 40x125; fine neighborhood; 3 minutes from '
railroad station ; 30 minutes from San Fran- ]
. cleco; monthly Installments. HERON A |
HOLCOMB. 1150 Broadway. i
UlOO.OOO to loan; low Interest; private offices;
5 private entrance. Uncle Herrls, 15 Grant iv.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats from $12 to $17; no dark j
rooms; stove and porcelain bath: water and
ash man free; Adeline station. Oakland: key
at S4O Union st. K.OENIG _ KROLL. 100«
Brcadway. ____________________i
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES
-
FURNISHED clean, sunny B-room house; nice > ■
yard. central. Address Home. Call. Oakland.
HOTEL TO RENT. L'XFURMSHBD.
NEAR City Hall on prominent corner, hotel of
68 rooms; short walk to trains, theaters,
churches etc : rent reasonable to responsible
party. HERON' & HOI>"O.MH. 1050 Broadway. '
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING •^IIOOMS.
UNFURNISHED housekeeping apartments, ;
with rarpet«: r»asonnbl<». 1229 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURES FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. BCHEI_L»-
HAAB old »tor>, 408 Eleventh »t. P»» him.
HOUSES TO LET.
AN elegant 12-room and bath residence; ■ all
sunny: fine view 1914 Clay ft., near Frank-
lin. SPECK 4 CO.
BAY-WINDOW house of 6 sunny rooms, suit-
abU for 2 families. $13. 30 Silver st.
BRODERICK. 1515, near Butter— sunny
rooms; bath; baaement; laundry; large yard:
water. ■
GOOD 4 -room house, $« 1023 Cypress St.. be-
tween 25tb and 26th, Capp and Howard.
HICKORY aye.. 182, near Oough St.— 3 large
sunny rooms; nice yard; hall; rent $8. |
HOWARD, 574— G rooms, bath; all newly pa-
pered: rent very low. Apply BALDWIN _
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery St.
OAK st. 15, near Market and Van Ness aye.—
8 moms, bath, etc.. bay windows; all In nice (
condition; rent very reasonable. j
OLIVE aye.. 113, near corner of Polk and
Ellis; $25; 7 rooms and bath.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$26—710 CAPP St.; 9 rooms: bath.
$27 50—2423 California; 8 rooms: bath.
— 2726 Mission; 9 rooms; bath.
$16—827 Florida; cottage; 4 rooms; stable.
$22—1014 Treat aye. ; 7 rooms: bath: stable.
W. H. CRIM 4 CO.. 118 Montgomery st.
$100,000 to loan; ladles' private entrance and
private offices at Uncle Harris', 15 Grant aye.
HOUSES "WANTED.
WANTED— Furnished house. 14 to 18 rooms;
cheap for cash. Address box 1390, Call office.
WANTED — 5 or 6 room cottage: must be cheap I
for cash. Box 1419. Cull office.
FURNISHED 11OISKS TO I.XT.
ONE of the finest residences in the city to let;
magnificently furnished; has every modern
convenience, including passenger elevator;
contains over „ rooms; location unsurpassed.
For full particulars apply. A. J. RICH & CO.,
Heal Estate Agents, 112 Montgomery st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
'■•>7.Y ' room, bath: nice 'yard; cottage; $12.
At SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market st.
FOLSOM, Cottage 7 large rooms and bath;
large yard; rent $20.
HARRISON, 8244, near Precita Sunny
cottage, 4 rooms, large lot and stable.
SUNNY cottage, 5 large rooms; large yard and
stable; cheap rent. 726 Willow aye.. off Bu-
chanan st.
2 COTTAGES. 6 rooms, sunny side; rent $11.
Apply 2100 Greenwich St., corner Webster.
2 COTTAGES, 3 anil 5 rooms and bath; cheap. j
Apply 2643 Bryant aye., . near Twenty-fifth st. 1
$6— SUNNY cottage, 6 rooms; 21 Roscoe st., off
Crescent aye. Apply at 64 Silver, off Third.
$15— 5-ROOM cottage; bath; basement and
yard. 2417 Clay st.
FLATS TO LET.
APPRECIATED if seen; rarely beautiful; NW
corner Butter and Scott; 6 .big rooms and 1
glazed porch; or NW corner Erie and How- 1
ard near Thirteenth, 7 bIK rooms and porch; !
rent reasonable; all flooded with sunshine.
A— NICE flats, 3 and 4 rooms, near Odd Fel-
lows' Hall, $10. At SPECK _ CO.'S, 602
Market st. ._
a— FOUR rooms, nice clean flat, near Mason
and Ellis sts., $15. At SPECK & CO.'S. 602
Market st. ;
CHOICE sunny flats, 6 rooms; 2 sunny cot-
tages, 4 rooms; modern Imp.; thoroughly ren-
ovated. 2806 Howard Bt., bet. 24th and 25tn.
CLAYTON, 872, south -of Frederick—
modern flat of 6 rooms and bath; cheap.
DYKEMAN place, oft ivfnson St., near O'Far-
r Nice flats, 4 rooms, $15; downtown.
FOLSOM 837— Upper flat 5 rooms: $12; key see-
on,! floor. Inquire at 921 Howard st.
GEARY, 918— Flat, a sunny rooms; water free;
rent $14. |
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1138 near Webster— New
sunny upper flats. . 6 and 7 rooms.
HAVES. 889— Bran— office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and ads taken. -
LLOYD "'A and 258, between < Scott and De-
vlsadero— Two flats; $15 and $19. Apply 800
Halght st. ■ ' ... ;
LOVELY lower flat; 5 rooms, bath, yard; rea-
sonable. 3570 Seventeenth St. •£•
ON sunny side Cedar are., off Larkln St., be-
tween Post and Geary; nice cozy flats, 4 and 5
rooms and bath; rent very reasonable. Apply
at 929 Slitter St., near Hyde.
SUNNY modern bay-window flat; -6 rooms and
bath: rent $18. 2158 Mission, north of 18th.
SUNNY upper Hat. 7 rooms; newly painted and
papered. 1150. Mission St., near Seventh; $15.
SUNNY UDDer flat; 4 rooms, bath; $10. 620
Noe st. •
SUNNY - lower flat. 4 rooms; good condition.
112 Perry St., near Third; $.10.
PLATS TO LET— Continued.
SUNNY bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath; cot-
tage of 5 rooms cheap. Cor. Dolores and loth.
TO Let— 2 small flats of 6 rooms. Apply 542
Halght Bt. ;
TURK, 1505-1509, near Stelner— Nice flats; 0 and
6 rooms and bath; $18 and $15.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
. flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. ______
2 NEW sunny modern flats, 4 rooms, bath,
each; Gl5 . Grove st. and 1421 Hayes St.; $13
each.
$8— LOWER flat, 4 rooms. Apply 2643 Bryant
aye., near. Twenty-fifth st.
$10— LOWER flat, near Mission and Third el*.
Apply 15 Grant aye. _____
$_ 3- ROOM flat, with bath; $22 50, B-room
top flat. 125 Ash aye., bet. Polk, Van Ness.
McAllister and Fulton.
$14— SHIPLEY, 287, near Sixth— Flat of 5 rooms
and bath. -v.
$15— LOWER flat. 5 rooms; porcelain bath and
basement; $18; top flat, 6 rooms; porcelain
• bath and basement. 16 Cumberland st., oft
Guerrero, between Nineteenth and Twentieth
sts. F. NELSON, 4148 Twenty-fifth st.
$17— UPPER flat. « rooms. 13 John st., near
Powell, between Jackson and Pacific
$17— SIX rooms and bath; water free. 1718
Leavenworth st. ; sunny rooms.
$33—3130 WASHINGTON; *> rooms; bath; very
sunny; electric gas lighting.
$22 50—2516 Mission st.; 6 rooms; bath.
$21—123 Hermann; corner; 5 rooms; bath.
$20 — 1166 Bryant; 6 rooms: bath.
$20—1807 Eddy; 4 rooms; bath.
$16—74 Webster; I rooms; bath.
$17 50—1916 Mason; 6 rooms; bath.
$18—1040 Howard: 7 rooms; bath.
$17—207 Second; 7 rooms.
$16—1845 Union; 6 rooms; bath.
$16— 15 th and Howard: 6 rooms.
$15— McLea Court; 5 rooms; bath.
$14—2416 Mission; 4 rooms; bath.
$14— 1055V4 Folsom; neat, 4 rooms.
W. H. CRIM & CO.. 119 Montgomery st.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, watches; low rates;
private offices. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 In
kitchen and 1 In bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new; 3 per week. $11 per month;
suitable for 4 or 5 persons. Apply at sho«
■tore, 5C2 Mission st., bet. First and Second sts.
AT Polk, 522— Newly furnished and unfurnished
rooms for housekpg; neat, clean, quiet house.
BUCHANAN, 602, corner Fell— Sunny bay-win-
dow suites; gas or wood; $12 to $15.
CLEMENTINA, 707, corner Eighth— Two front,
housekeeping rooms; $10.
DEVISADERO, 1905—3 connecting rooms and
bath, completely furnished for housekpg, $18.
EDDY, 207— One large sunny room for house-
keeping and others; cheap.
EDDY, 478 (427)— Nicely furnished front: two
Closets; kitchen adjoining; furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; with gas range.
EDDY, 62S— 3 elegantly furnished gunny hkpg.
rooms; parlor Boor; modern; private; ref.
ELLIS, G32— Four sunny unfurnished rooms.
Call 1 to 4. ___
ELLIS. 555—3 unfurnished rooms housekeeping;
exclusive kitchen; references.
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkln— Sunny alcove; gas
Stove; other rooms; $12 up.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished, housekeeping, 2 parlors.
klthcen. $20; also 3. $12; single. $5 and $6.
FOLSOM, 1210—3 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; $12.
GEARY. Us—' Elegant sunny back parlor;
mites, double, single; privilege light house-
. keeping:; reasonable.
GEARY. 1917— 520; 4 comfortable rooms; bath;
3 beds; 2 stoves; gas and coal; all neces-
saries.
GOLDEN GATE, 1050—2 sunny well furnished
rooms for light housekeeping; gas stove, bath
and free telephone.
GOLDEN GATE aye., — Nicely furnished
bay-window and kitchen, $10; sunny front
single, $6; bath.
HOWARD. 806%— Sunny furnished back and
front rooms; hot and cold water; $10 and $12.
HOWARD, 1068— Newly furnished runny rooms,
single or en suite: also rooms for hskplng.
JESSIE, 365. near Fifth— furnished rooms for
light housekeeping; private; no children.
JESSIE, 439, between Fifth and Sixth— 3 sunny
connecting rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping: 514.
LAGUNA, 1205—2 sunny unfurnished rooms and
bath, $7.
LARKIN, 1533. near Clay— A lady having a
furnished upper flat of 6 rooms would rent
2 or 3 of them to a nice party; refs. ex.
LASKIE place, 5, below Bay, off Mason— A
pleasant furnished room for light housekeep-
ing: rent $4; lady preferred.
LEAVEN WORTH, 1222—3 connecting rooms
for housekeeping: yard, gas. grate; • unfur-
nished or partly furnished; reasonable; refs.
MISSION, 1137—2 sunny front bay-window
suites, newly furnished; rent reas.; others.
MISSION, 1163— Nice front room and small
kitchen, furnished for hkpg.; hath; $13 50 mo.
NINTH, 20, near Market— bay-window
suite; gas; water: $12; single.
OAK, 119—2 nicely furnished heavy housekeep-
ing rooms; separate entrance; $10.
OCTAVIA, 165 Beautiful parlors; $12; or two
unfurnished rooms; cheap.
PAGE. B—2 sunny unfurnished rooms; use of
kitchen if desired; rent reasonable.
POLK, 608, near Eddy— 3 or 4 unfurnished sun-
ny hkpg. rooms; private family; fine location.
POLK, 1648, corner Clay— or 3 large nicely
furnished sunny front rooms; housekeeping.
PROSPECT pi., 123, off Cal., bet. Powell and
Stockton— _ kitchen, complete. $7; pri.
SEVENTH, 262— Large sunny housekpg rooms;
complete; private house; large yard; $10 & $9.
SEVENTH, 305 — large gunny rooms, complete
for hkpg; running water; rt»as.; prl. German.
BHOTWELL, 70S— sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms.
SIXTH. 420 — Furnished rc*ms for housekeep-
ing ; also others.
TAYLOR, 2SS— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
bath, yard; light housekeeping: good location.
THE Piedmont. 119 A Sixth St.— 2 or I rooms.
furnished for housekeeping; also other room*.
TWELFTH, 12, near Market— 2 or 3 unfur-
nishf-d rooms for housekeeping.
WASHINGTON, 602— Housekeeping rooms; all
conveniences; running water,
$15 — NICE rooms, complete for housekeeping;
private family. Apply at 1188 Noe st.
$100,000 to loan on sealskins, diamonds and Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 16 Grant aye.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT Hyde, 609, Butter, 717-719— Sunny; choice;
reasonable; appreciated if seen. .
AT 62 SECOND— Nice single, double and light '
housekpg rms; wk. $1 to $2 50; day 25c to 500.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st. — Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
BALBOA, The 104? A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 800, suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr; tel.
BARTLETT, 447— Large sunny front room for
1 or 2 gents; also single room.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post St., 3 blocks Palace Hotel-
All conveniences; reasonable; sunny corner
rooms; tourists; elevator; board if desired.
CLEMENTINA, 285, near Fourth— Nicely fur-
nished front room suitable for gentleman.
CLEVELAND, 12, off Seventh, below Folsom—
Kitchen and bedroom unfurn; sink, porch; $5.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, (10 mo.
EDDY, 3— Sunny front rooms on Market st. ;
$1 35 to $3 per week. _____
EDDY, 118— Nice sunny rooms; cheap and good;
also for housekeeping.
EDDY. 818— Newly furnished sunny suite and
single rooms; private family; baths.
ELLIS, 640— Nicely furnished front parlor; gas;
bath; grate; also Mingle room, $6.
FIFTH." 322— 51 week: large sunny single fur-
nished room; closet, bath: private.
GEARY, 14 A— Neatly furnished pleasant rooms;
week or month; $6 to $10. per month.
GEARY, 37S— Large sunny front room; rent rea-
s onable; private family; housekeeping prlv.
GEARY, — Just opened; carpets and furni-
ture new; sunny front furnished and unfur-
nished rooms; reasonable; offices first floor.
GEARY 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY,. 792— Large sunny front room for 1 or
2 gents; new house; bath, gas.
OLOBK House, 821 Howard— Per night. 25c to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 316— Nice large furnished
room: . 1 or 2 gents; $7; private family.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 917 A —Large sunny room;
one or two persons.
GRAND SOUTHERN. BE. cor. Seventh l and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HAYEB, J7l— Front bay-window room; bath,.
. gas; $7. ... ■i'-^'J::;
ROOMS TO Continued.
HOWARD, 874— Sunny furnished rooms; cheap;
and one inside room.
HOWARD, 953%— Newly furnished sunny rooms, ;
$1 50 week up; quiet house. MRS. NOWLIN. j
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family I
rooming house; $1.60 to $6 per week.
HASKELL. The. 121 Powell Cheap neat
light sunny rooms; transients; gents preferd.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant .
suites and slgle rms; transient. Mrs. J. King.
JESSIE, 1451— Comfortable furnished room;
cheap. ■ ,-'
LEAVENWORTH. Sunny furnished front
room with or without kitchen; bath; private
family. l~ : ' ;v ' * !
LEAVENWORTH, 510— Two large sunny front
furnished rooms; rent reasonable.
LITTLE PALACE. 23 and 25 Third St.— Snow- |
white rooms, white gaslights, $2 to $4 week, j
MARKET, Changed hands; suites or Bin-
gle; reas. MRS. KITTY DOWNING. Prop.
MARKET, 1824— Sunny suite; also single room |
for two; $15 and $S.
MCALLISTER, Large front unfurnished
sunny room; rent reasonable.
MINNA, 671B— Nice sunny room, suitable for
• 1 or 2; everything clean; $6.
MINNA, 667. . cor. Eighth— furnished
. bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 759— Three nice sunny rooms; house- i
keeping or single. j
NATOMA. 714, bet. Bth and 9th— Sunny fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen, $4 and $5 month.
OCTAVIA, 165— Handsome sunny parlors; $12
to $14. , -
O'FARRELL., Sunny furnuhed rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. 813%— Clean, quiet, sunny rooms, J
single and double, $6 to 112; private.
O'FARRELL, 427— Sunny furnished single
rooms. $10 up: private house. Mrs. J. King,
POWELL. 147—211 O'Farr ell— rooms;
suite or single; also transient; rent cheap.
POWELL, 817 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms; reasonable.
POST, Newly furnished single and double
rooms; sunny; gas; bath; quiet neighborhood.
SEVENTH. 178— Nicely furnished front room;
$1 per week; first floor. \
SEVENTH, 192, near Howard (.Qtrard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 244— Newly furnished house; single or
en suite; also 3 elegant housekeeping room«. _
SIXTEENTH, 2:0" Nice rooms, with use of
kitchen; very cheap.
SHOTWELL, 121— Sunny furnished front room
and bath; $3 50 per month.
SUTTER, Pleasant sunny rooms, nicely
furnished: terms reasonable.
BUTTER, Rooms for rent, furnished or
unfurnished. __________________
SUTTER, 1121, near Polk— 2 front rooms, large
and small, for gentlemen; bath Included; rea-
sonable; private family.
TAYLOR, 1100— Elegantly furnished suite for 1
or 2 gentlemen; single rooms. |
THIRTEENTH, 318, between Mission and Va- |
lencia—Light runny furnished rooms for 1
or 2 gents.
TREMONT House, 1773 Market St., opp. Oough—
House newly furnished: single rooms or suits;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
TURK, 132, corner Jones— Two large nicely
furnished sunny rooms.
TURK, 214, rear— Nice Bunny rooms.
TURK, 305— Furnished hall bedroom. $5: also
front parlor, furnished or unfurnished, to suit.
TURK, 643— Nicely furnished elngle sunny room;
all conveniences; rent $5.
VALENCIA. 295^—2 sunny corner rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished; water, bath, etc.
VAN NESS. 400 — Elegant sunny double parlors,
unfurnished; furnish for permanent parties.
$100 000 to loan on silverware, oil paintings and
pianos. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ABBOTSFORD. The—
Broadway and Polk Quiet, homel!ke:terms
moderate; board optional; all cars direct.
AHLBORN House. 819-321-323 Grant aye.—
Rooms 50c up: board and room, $1 per day and
upward; free bus to and from hotel.
EDDY, 626 (Irvingdale)— front bay-win-
dow suites, best board. $40 up: single. $20 up.
ELEGANTLY furnished rooms, single or en
suite, with or without board; very reasonable.
607 Ellis st.
HOWARD. 2606— Large sunny room, with
board; large closet, grate; reasonable.
LADY, with piano, will give lessons In return
for room. Address box 582. Call office^
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant room for gentle-
man; pr.rlor; piano; home cooking; $20 up.
$100 000 to loan on stocks, bonds and warehouse
receipts. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
VAN NESS aye., Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms; first-class table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; fur-
nished room for parent. 51 Clara st.
WANTED— to raise on bottle; thorough
experience. MRS. WERNER. 210 Lexington.
STORES TO LET.
COR. stored 2822 Mission: 7 yrs. as saloon;
cheap; store cor. Lafayette and Howard; fixt-
ures for saloon. Apply 2838 Mission st.
BRIGHT and light; 7 City Hall sq., cor. Mar-
ket st.; suitable for any business; rent $15.
LARGE store with living rooms and stable;
No. 1 grocery and bar: low rent, $20. NW.
corner of Douglass and Elizabeth sts.
$15— NICE little store; 226 Ellis st. Apply next
door to Jeweler.
OFFICES TO LET.
fAtMA~6PRECKELS l building. 927 Market St.;
light heat, Janitor and telephone; rents $11 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDINER, room 210.
PART of a pleasant sunny office to let; fur-
nish cd 1 Room 70. Columbian building.
STABLES TO LET. _____
TO let— Stable, with wagon room. 1118 Harri-
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. J. B.
EVANS. 14 McAllister St., next Hibernla
Bank. . •
CITY Law and Collection Office; advice free. ;
777 Market St.. room 7. i
C. E. PETERS, attorney and counselor-at-law,
40 Montgomery st.. room 16.
L S CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free: no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W. |
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.
~ TYPEWRITERS.
ALL tpewrlters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and ;
prices. ALEXANDER A CO., 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, $23: Caligraph, $15; Yost, $25; ;
get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery st. ;
~ MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows: i
Laurent Lontus and Ernestine Masrdendle. 32-25 ;
W J McCormack and Ellen B. Hur1ey.... 28-24
August Westphal and Marie Mangels _-„?
Anton J. Widman and Katherine J. Pratt. 23-21
Frank A. Church and Eda Lam e... ........ 36-30 1
Fred Humphries and Mary E. Stormfield...2l-1.
Frank Berlle and Carrie Maeken ____!
" BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication orflces and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BERNSTEIN— In this city, October 15, 1593, to j
the* wife of S. C. Bernstein, a daughter.
BOWMAN— In this city. October 11. IS9B. to the I
wife of Thomas Bowman, a daughter.
BURKE— In this city. October 20. 1898, to the j
wife of Thomas J. Burke, a daughter.
DA ROZA— In Elk Grove. Sacramento County.
October 17, 1898, to the wife of Joseph L. da
Roza. a son. • ■' .
FRANKE— In this city, October 9. 1898. to the |
wife of C.ustav Franke. a daughter.
FRITTS— In this city, October 8. 1898, to the !
Wife of W. C. Fritts, a son.
GLOVER— In this city, October 13, 1898, to the
•wife of John K. Glover, a son.
HANNEN— In this city, October 15. 1898. to the
wife of Charles T. Hannen, a daughter.
JACOBS— In this city. October 12. 01898. to the
wife of Albert P. Jacobs, a son.
READ— In this city, October 21, IS9B, to the
wife of R. D. Read, a daughter.
ROBISON— In this, city, October 20, IS9B, to !
the wife of N. L. Roblson, a daughter.
"RUESS— In this city, October 17, 189S, to the !
wife of August V. Ruess, a daughter.
TONER— In this city, October 18D8, to the !
wife of J. M.». Toner, a daughter. . ■
WOODWORTH— this city, Ootoher . 16, 1898,
to the wife of B. L. Woodworth, a son.
MARRIED.
DALY— EAGEN— In Oakland, October 18, 898,
by the Rev. Father McSweeney. Edward J.
Daly and Maggie L. Eagen, both of San
Francisco.
HUBINETTE— CRANZ— In this city, October
18, IS9B, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson,
D.D., Edward R. Hubinette and Mrs. Maria
M. Cranz, both of San Francisco.
KIRK— GRIMM— In this city, October 20. 1898,
•by the Rev. Frank S. Ford, pastor of the
First Christian Church, Earnest E. Kirk, pri-
vate of Twentieth Kansas Volunteers, and
Anna M. Orlmm of Red Bluff. Cal.
DIED.
Blackburn. Mrs. P. Lethler. Matilda
Brady, Catherine B. Levine. Hulda
Cohn. Hannah Lidstrom. Charles O.
Croning. Jeremiah J. McGonigle, Ellen
Cullen. Mary Morehouse, Le Grand
Dexter, Charles H. Mylo, Lydla
Donovan. John » Nelson. Clarence B.
Dumas. Lucien O'Keefe. Hanora.
Edgar. John, Powers. Catherine
Enos. George F. Qulnado. Joe
Flske. Dr. E. S. Ryan, Mary C.
Green, John B. A. Btroose, Mark
Harley, George J. Svoboda. John
Helvers, Patrick Treppner, Joseph
Hill, Mary E. Tyroll, Captain J.
Keenan, Anna Weyand. Henry
Klnnear, Grade Willis, May
BLACKBURN— this city, October 28, 1851.
Mrs. Prlscllla Blackburn, a native of Cin-
cinnati. Ohio, aged 84 years 9 months and 21
days.
BRADY— In this city, October 22. IS9B. Cath-
erine E., ' beloved wife of Robert E. Brady,
mother of Ella E., Robbie. Kittle and Tom-
mte Brady, daughter of Mrs. Mary Bird, and
sister of Mrs. William T. Gosland. Mrs. Wil-
liam H. Murphy, Mrs. William H. Malcomb
and Thomas Bird, a native of Victoria, Aus-
tralia, aged 37 years and 5 months.
COHN— In this city. October 21, 1898, Hannah,
daughter of the late Myer A. Cohn, and sis-
ter of Mrs. S. W. Latz of 517 Van Ness ave-
nue and Mrs. J. Newcomb of Vallejo, a na-
tive of New York City.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted A Co., 946 Mission street." Inter-
ment Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:80
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
CRONIN— In this city, October 22. IS9B. Jere-
miah J., beloved son of Jeremiah and i£all!»
Cronln, a native of San Francisco, aged 14
days.
CULLEN— this city, October 19, 1896. Mary,
Infant daughter of W. F. and Maria Cullen.
DEXTER —In Saußalito, October 20, 1898,
Charles Hayford Dexter, a native of Provi-
dence, R. 1., aged 74 years and 7 days.
H^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the Veteran Vol-
unteer Firemen's Association's Rooms. Pio-
neer building-. 24 Fourth street, where the re-
mains may be viewed from 10 o'clock until
time of funeral. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
VETERAN VOLUNTEER FIREMEN'S ASSO-
ciation— Officers and members of the Asso-
ciation are requested to assemble at head-
quarters, 34 Fourth street, this day (Sun-
day at 12:30 o'clock, to attend the funeral
of our late brother, Charles H. Dexter Sr.
STEPHEN BUNNER, President.
JAMES PENNYCOOK. Rec. Secretary.
OLD FRIENDS— The funeral delegation ■ of
the society will meet at 12:80 o'clock at 24
Fourth street, to attend the last obsequies of
our late brother and Old Friend, Charles H.
Dexter. By order of
CAPTAIN J. W. HO WELL, Free.
J. E. SLINKEY. Secretary.
DONOVAN— In this city. October 21, 1898, John,
beloved husband of Hannah Donovan, a na-
tive of the parish of Affldown, County Cork,
Ireland, aged 45 years.
DUMAS— In this city, October 22. 1898. Luelen.
beloved husband of Amelia Dumas, a native
of Poitiers, France, aged 64 years. :;x; T
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1806 Howard street, near Fourteenth.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. --.-..;-
BDGAR— In the Sandwich Islands. October 9,
1898. John Edgar, a native of Edinburgh, Scot-
land, axed 75 years.
ENOS— In this city, October 22. 1898, George
Francisco, beloved son of A. W. and Etta
Enos. a native of San Francisco, aged 8
months and 15 days.
FISKE— At sea, on transport Rio de Janeiro,
September 26. 1898, Dr. E. S. Flske. of Hospi-
tal Corps, First California Volunteers, son of
Henry G. and Elizabeth Flske, aged 22 years.
GREEN— In this city, October 22, 1898, John
B. A., .son of the late Thomas and Maria K.
Green, a native of Australia, aged 45 years.
C3"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1405 Powell street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HARLEY— At San Benlto Springs, George J.,
husband of Lizzie Townsend Harley, and son
of Anna and the late Charles Harley, aged 35
years.
CXFuneral services will be held this day
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, at the parlor* of
Nathaniel Gray & Co., 641 Sacramento street.
Funeral services and Interment in New York
City.
HEIVERS— In Oakland. October 21, IS9B, Pat-
rick Helvers, beloved brother of Mrs. C. D.
O'Oora and Jennie Helvers, a native of the
parish of Rlverstown, County Sligo, Ireland,
aged 33 years and 7 months.
It^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother-in-law, C. D. O'Gara, 371 Fifth
street, thence to the Church of the Immacu-
late Conception, where services will be held,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
Entered into rest. October 22, 1898, Miss
Mary Elizabeth Hill, a native of New York
City. (New York City papers please copy.)
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Craig, Cochrane & Co., 26
Mint avenue.
KEENAN— In this city. October 21. 1898, Anna,
wife of Patrick Keenan. and dearly beloved
mother of Ella, Annie, Arthur. Edward and
Ethel Keenan. a native of San Francisco,
aged 31 years 11 months and IS days.
B^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Mary's Ca-
thedral, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at above hour. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
KINNEAR— In this city, October 21. 1538. Grade,
dearly beloved daughter of Mrs. Alice Nelson,
and sister of May Kinnear, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 15 years 2 months and 3 days.
|C7*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 6B Valparaiso street, off Mason, near
Filbert. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LETHIER— In the City and County Hospital.
October 22. 1898, Matilda Leathler. a native
of California, aged 35 years.
LEVINE— In this city, October 22, 1858, Hulda,
beloved wife of Jacob Levine, and mother of
Lewis, Max and Aaron Levine. a native of
Germany, agred 66 years 9 months and 22
days.
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 11 Folsom avenue, between Seventh
and Eighth. Folsom and Harrison streets,
thence by 11:30 o'clock train to New Salem
Cemetery for Interment. Please omit flowers.
LIDSTROM —In this city, October 20, UN,
Charles G., son of the late Henry L. Lid-
strom, a native of California, aged 44 years.
{GTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this da»
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors ci
H P. Petersen & Co., 22S McAllister street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Members
of Court Columbia No. 53, F. of A., please
take notice.
McGONIGLE— In this city. October S2. 18»8.
Ellen, dearly beloved wife of Nell McGonlgle.
and devoted mother of Mrs. J. Albert Reed
and Mrs. Bernard Ward, a native of County
Donegal. Ireland, aged 66 years.
MOREHOUSE— In this city, October 22, 18S8,
J>» Grand, beloved husband . of Clara More-
house, and father of Frank and Morono
M. rehouse, a native of Connecticut, aged 82
years and 5 days. (Alameda papers please
copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 397 Fell street. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
MYLO— In this city. October 22. 18SS, at her
residence, 227 Shipley street, Lydla. beloved
wife of Daniel Mylo. mother of Joseph C.
Connolly, and daughter of the late John and
Bridget A. O'Connor, a native of New Yor&
City, aged 34 years 8 months and 10 days.
(CNotlce of funeral hereafter. ■
NELSON— In Stockyards, October 20, 1898,
Clarence 8., only son of Charles and Cena
Nelson, a native of Contra Costa County,
aged 3 years and 9 months.
|C7"Frlends anil acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 6'clock, from the parlors of
Albert Brown, 468 Thirteenth street, Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
O'KEEFE— In West Berkeley, October 21. 1898,
Hanora, wife of the late Michael O'Keefe,
and sister of Mrs. J. Roach, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 58 years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence corner Holyoke and Fifth streets,
thence to Mount Calvary Cemetery. San
Francisco.
POWERS— this city, October 22, IS9B, Cath-
erine relict of the late John Powers, and
beloved mother of Annie E., Mary I. and
John H. Powers, a native of Ireland, aged 65
li Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 1202 Union street, corner of Hyde,
thence to St. Brigid's Church, Van Ness ave-
nue and Broadway, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul! commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.-
OUINADO— In the ' City and County Hospital,
October* 22 1898. Joe Quinado. a native of
Ladrone Islands, aged 35 years.
RYAN— In this city. October 22. 1898. Mary C
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. g
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMRALMERjg
: 20 TITTH ST., epp. Lincoln doawl. I
Telephone. South LL L __j ;__!_
1314
beloved daughter of Joseph and Mary Ryan,
a native of San Francisco, aged 14 days.
6TROUSE The family of the late Mark
Strcuse take this occasion to express their
gratitude to the lodges, friends and acquaint-
ances for their many kindnesses during his
,__« and since h^emta^^Sl^g^^
BVOBODA— In the City and County Hospital,
October "2, I*9S, John Svoboda. a native of
Austria, aged 32 years.
TREPPNKR- In this city. October 21. IMS,
Joseph, beloved son of Charles and the late
Lenn Treppner. and brother of Mrs. E. Bock-
mann. a native oi Vienna, Austria, aged 33
years and 11 months.
TYROLL— In this city, October 21. IS9S. at the
French Hospital, Captain Joachim Tyrol!.
brother of Mrs. C. Chrlstent=en of San Lor-
enzo, a native of Apenrade, Slesvlg, aged G4
years 10 months and 2 days.
£J?'Frien.ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at l o'clock, from I. O. O. F. Hall.
San Leandro. Interment San Lorenzo Ceme-
tery.
WEYAND- In this city. October 21. 189 S.
Henry, beloved son of Peter Weyand of La
Salle," 111 , a native of St. Ingbert. Germany,
aged 32 rears 5 months and C days.
C?*Frieniis and acquaintances are respec'
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at S o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of" H. F. Maasn, 917 Mission street.
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a high
mass will be celebrated for the ropose of his
soul, commencing at ? o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
THE officers and members of Branch No. *:.
Glass Bottle Blowers' Association of the
l'nlte.l States and Canada, are hereby ordered
to assemble to-morrow (Monday), at S o'clock
sharp, at the funeral parlors of H. F. Maass.
917 Mission street, to attend the funeral of
our deceased brother. Henry Weyand. By
order P. J. DIEZ. President.
M. McDERMOTT, Secretary.
WILLIS At Douglas Island, Alaska, October
11. IS9S. May, beloved wife of Robert J.
Willis, daughter, of. Mr and Mrs. A. M.
Lewis, and sister of Mrs. E. P. Dosch, Mrs.
A. L. Neumann. Mrs G. L. Grant and Miss
Ophelia and Arnold M. Lewis, a native of San
Francisco, aged 35 years 11 month? and 14
days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her father-in-law. John Willis. 2118 Leaven-
worth street. Interment Masonic '"emetery.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Nancy G. Blethen to Mary A. Sherwood (trus
tee for Albion E. Blethen), lot on N line of
California street. 112:6 E of Buchanan, l: 25 by
N 137:6; $10.
John W. Murphy to Carrie E. Murphy (wife),
r ,.-ivcord ll<> A 2 r "s. lot on S line of Clay street,
110 X of BnvUrick. E 2" 6 by S 127:SV«: gift.
Char S. Wp'r to Charles H. Atheam, lot
or. S line of Clay street, 112:6 E of Spruce, E
2.'> by S l'W (quitclaim doed): $10.
Annio 1.. Dennis! (Streull): wife of William
Denniston. to Samuel P. Blumenbergr, lot on E
line of Dupont street. S7:f. S of Pine. E 60, ri
40. W 38, B :10, W 22. N 40:10: $10.
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to George
and Margaret Moss, lot on W line of Vermont
Street 125 S of Nineteenth (Butte), S 25 by W
100; $10.
Celsus and Ida K. Brower to John J. and
Annie A. Rellly, lot on SW corner of Call
fornia street south (Deeth) and Second street,
W 32.6 by - 100; $10.
Horace Scott Seaton to Mary E. Orndorff,
lot on SE corner of B street and Twenty-flrst
avenue, E 107:6. S II '. E 12:6. 8 50. E 120. S
58 : S. S ?7 degrees 15 minutes W 240, N 205:6.
quitclaim deed; $10.
Mary E. Seat' to same, same; $10.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Lyllyan King, lot 10, block 8. sub
division 1. Cnstro Street Addition; $10.
John C. Doose to David Cereghino. lot on NW
line of London street, 150 N'E China, NE 36 by
NW 100. iot 5, block 1, Excelsior Homestead;
$10.
Same to Societa di Mutua Succorso dei 1.1
guri 4C4 C Squadrone Cavalleria Genoa (a corpor
ation), lot on NW line of London street, 175
NE of China, NE 50 by NW 100, lot 5, block.
1, same; $10.
Alameda County.
Pefr and Sarah M. Thomson to Susan R.
• J. R. Scuphaml. 1< t on W
Webster street, 175 N of: rnirant. W 1M
bj N 50, Oakland -warranty deed); $10.
il»r:-:t-t A. Pratt to Frank L.
• 22 In subdivision F. Fruitvale Ter
klyn T w nshlp; J3OO.
E. a;: ! Elsie H. Nusbaumer to L'nion Pavings
P:ir.'K : t on N Mr.'? of Monroe or Sixteenth
335 W of Fru;tvale avenue. W V B)
N 15J - I 10, block A. Church Tract,
I
P. L. rta*.-=ott to Elizabeth
; . I avenue, 210
E 12S ! ; N 30, being lot 2S,
Fruitvale i'iirk. Brooklyn Township: $10.
trude ::. McVenn to S. G. Nye. lot on E
: of E Twentieth street and Twenty-first
avenue. SK S4 by NE 140, block 51. San An
- • i Oakland; grant.
Annie M J tins □ to Marion Calderwood
fwlfe of O. W.). lot on W llni- of I/n.len street.
• of Fi rty-fourth, N 30 by W So. block
2165, Alden Tra.-t at Temescal, subject to a
■ r $6{ ' Oakland Annex; $WO.
Theodore and Ida Wasner to Nicholas and
Catherina A. Kottua. lot on W line of Spruce
unl< 8, W 134 59 hy N 117 33,
-. h] >-ks 4 and 5 of Tuohy's Ad
i^'.and Township: $500.
H. M. and M. F. Meinert to Henry W. Tay-
I g, bl tck 4. Henog Tract. Berkeley; $250.
William and P. sle 11. O'Brien to W. P
ts I an.! IS. Scoville Tract, Berkeley; 110.
Max A W. ifubert to Adam Jacobs, lots 29.
\. Allcniial«> Trar-t, subject to
klyn Township; J.v«j.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J Byrne, I 0 Woodward & w, N T
J lai; ecol Jenner, Hresldiu
T R Hartley, Auhum J Brady. Cal
Lt W E Smith, Iwiirta A Husband. Kelaey
T C'rlley, Napa I) H Shepherd, ?tocktn
C X J ■"> C B Bills .v
:: iar .-. v. Or G Li:rnV;irri & w, ■'• .1 •(<
hart <v w, '\-il li W Jackson, t^n Jom
E S Tenbrook, 6
J B M 51 ckton DrTS Tooly .1- w, ■ al
M B Brown, Louis E H (Jerber, San Mateo
J! White Lompoc
Jr. Fresno C Foraker A w. Pta Fe
Mr:- M M Marti i B«!. Ban Anselmo
M Gradder» -n & w < 'al
PALACE HOTEL.
M .1 Roponthal. NY ID E BmwnA.w,Hongkg
J M Cherry. N .1 ■'■" B Di «reaux. Colo
L'npt Koehler & f. Oak; Mrs .r B Jeffrey, Chgo
is Arnold. I' S N Dr A X Crawford. Chgo
A }'- Whittler, Boston A C Ensrard. !' S A
Mi(=s I Whittler, Bostn l> Forbes. N V
Miss H Whittler.Bostn a 1! Evans. S T
M W Torrey, N V U E Pitts. Denver
1> (^lassow. N V ! Baron yon Schroder.
(J R Ca-son. Stanford I San Rafael
A Bierce, Wrights IBaroness yon Schroder.
B V Stelnman, Sacto I San R^afael
E T Wallace. Yreka Dr \V P Taylor. Lvmr
A W Crookston. Qlaaw \V .] Fo<ey, I, Am
G C Shirts. Mich ]> S Rosenbaum, Stktn
W A Wadsworth, USA IT Page. R-ading
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J I. Brown. - IJ S Brady Manila
J D Ritchie. .In.k^on F C Huntley. N'anila
l< Pfelffer. Mo G H Outhrle. Manila
D Murray <v w, Mont J Ptnrk. Manila
j Stod. J Biggers, Manila
i' T M Crux T A Comerford. Manila
c Anderson, T F Daly, fk.ah
!> B Cook & w. Mans C B Smith. S Rafael
.1 Browning, f'hlco
II Mathers, Vancouver C Peterson. L Ann
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Mm? Montague. Oakld'J H I>ana)?nn, Denver
SaaiuUito H F Bedbary, Minn
C H Hardenberg, ÜBN W It Overmire, Minn
I, r: Archer. San Jo«e R P Vas»er, N V
C I. s hlefTelin & «r,Cal W Donaldson, Falrfleld
(i H Stevenson, Dawsn R A Qrover, Fiostnn
J J Laventhal, l.s Ang o M FipH. n«'ritt-ood
A Lord Montana A <i Booth, N V
J M Westcott, Concord E A Crouch, Sacto
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. October 22.
S:mr North Fork. Bash, 2S hours from Eu
reka.
Stn.r City of Puebla, ';nr,i]all, 32 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 20 days.
Stmr San Junn, Brown, 20 daya from Panama
in..] way port*.
S^hr Sailor Boy. Peterson, 9 'lays from Ev
erett.
SAILED.
Saturday . October 22.
?tmr Conullle River, Johnson. P"ort Bragg.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— .-"ailed Oct 22 Etmr L'mbrta.
for Liverpool: stmr Lanavarra. for Havre:
ptmr Fpaarndam. for Rotterdam; stmr Phoeni
cia. for Ham burp; Btmr erra, for Naples;
r!mr Ohio, for Hull; stmr Rotterdam, for Rot
terdam: -<n>r Anchoria, for Glasgow.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 22-Si.mr Cam
pania, from New York.
Failed ' •'■' W— Stmr Etruria. for New York.
CHERBOURG Sailed Oct 22— Stmr Auguste
Victoria, for New v rk.
HAVRE- Sailed Oct 22-Stmr La Touralne.
for New York.
ANTWERP - Arrived Oct 22 -Stmr Neder
land. from Philadelphia.
Sailed Oct 22— Stmr Frlesland. for New York
PHILADELPHIA-Salled Oct 22- Stmr Sco
tia, for Liverpool.
AMSTERDAM— SaiIed Oct 22— Stmr Edam,
for New York.
INSPECTING SOLANO CATTLE.
An Effort to Prevent the Spread of
Texas i ever.
BUISUN. Oct. 22.— Dr. J. T. Sullivan, the
veterinary surgeon who was recently ap
pointed by tha Board of Supervisors to
Investigation regarding the preva
in Solano
County, reports tliai no fresh cases of
fever have come under his notice.
He has visited the Vailejo and Benicia
districts aii«l found them free from any
disease. Dr. Sullivnn ffns other districts
to inspect, and at the completion of his
tour throughout the county a full report
of his investigations will be submitted to
Btockmen, after which an ordinance for
the protection of the cattle Industry will
be brought before the Supervisors. The
dipping process is a complete success and
cattle subjected to the same are being
Dlaced in clean pasture.
MR, CLAY IN
THE FRONT RANK
Took the White Plains
Handicap.
MANUEL FINISHES SECOND
BABY BILL FENCED TO ADVAN
TAGE FOR ALLMARK.
Getaway Day at Harlem Track — Fav
orites Were Beaten — The Ken
tuckian First a*
Latonia.
Sff-rial Dispatch to The Call.
MORRIS PARK, N. V., Oct. 22.— The
White I'lalns handicap, in which the
most cultured of the 2-year-old set ap
peared with tho silk up, was decided this
afternoon, and resulted in a big surprise,
Mr. Clay, carrying Turner and ninety
seven pounds, defeating his field Impres
sively. Manuel, which, coupled with Flli
grnne. occupied the place of honor in the.
letting, was second. Baby Bill, with
"Squeak" Allmark up. defeated a Held
/if timber-toppers for the Autumn handi
cap. In the Morris Park handicap over
two and a quarter miles Ben llolladay
shouldered the crushing impost of 138
pounds and disposed of his company like
breaking sticks. Three favorites suffered
defeat in the sloppy going.
First race. Autumn steeplechase, handicap,
■ three miles.
| Baby Bill, 13S (AHmark) 1
•Royal Scarlet, 156 (Cochran) 2
i Trillion. 146 (Veitch) i
Time, 6:15. Won easily.
Russel Harrison also ran.
Sausallto odds— 6 to I, 4 to 5 and 4 to 1.
Track odds on winner— to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, six furlongs, handicap.
Name and Weight. Jockeys, i Vt- 4 Str. Fin.
Blarney Stone, 116 . . Spenceri 0 111
Diminutive, 112 Turner j 3 0 0 2^
Miss Miriam. 117 Sims 0 0 0 8
•Acushla, 108 Clawson| 12 2 0
Tim», 1:17%! Won cleverly.
General M&ceo 104 and Armament 111 also
ran.
S.iusallto odds— 3 to 1. 3 to 1 and 3 to 1.
Track odds on winner— 7 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, five furlongs, selling, two-year
olds.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. | '- . 4 Ptr. Fin.
•Ben Viking:. 100 Clawson 2 2 111
Merry Heart. 104 Spencer 0 0 12
Cathedral, 103 Hums 0 0 0 3
Handcuff, 108 Sims| 110 0;
Time. l:00H- Won driving.
Water Girl 97. Passe Partout 108, Wild Airs
97, Mark Miles 111 and Leplda* 97 also ran.
Sausalltn odds— 3 to 2, 3 to 1 and a to 1.
Track odds on winner — to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, White Plains handicap, Eclipse,
course. |
Mr Clay, S7 (Turner) 1 !
•Manuel, 120 (Spencer) 2
Toluca, 115 (Clawson) 3 j
Time. 1:13. "Won cleverly.
Kentucky Colonel 123, •Flltrrane 119, Lady !
Lindsay 111. Count Wernberg 114, The Rose !
100, Ethelbert 123, McLeod ot Dare 108. Him- !
time 114, Dr. Eichb»rg 112 and Hllee 110 also !
ran.
Sausalito odds— lo to 1, 3 to 2 and ! to L
Track odds on winner— 6 to 1.
1 'Favorites.
Fifth race, Morris Park handicap, two and a
quarter miles.
; Name and Wt. Jockeys.] lm. in. 2m. Str. Fin. i
•Ben nowaday. 138..Taral 3 3 2 1 13
Thomas Cat. 97. .O'l>ary 0 0 0 0 2 |
JefTerson, 34 ....O'Connor 1112 3
'Whistling con. 94. .M00dy 2 2 3 3 I) j
Time. 4:07. Won in a gallop.
Twinkler ?2 also ran.
Sausallto odd?— 7 to 10, 5 to 1 and 4 to 1.
Track odds on wlnner4 to 5.
•Favorite.
Sixth race. Withers mile, selling.
Name ami Weight. Jockeys.] V 4.V 4 . V Str. Fin.
•Mazarine, ion Maheri 11 2 11
Oxnard, 97 Moody 3 0 12
Hanwell. 103 Singer! 2 3 3 3
Time. 1:43. Won easily.
Anrxr 106, Marslan 103. Premier 97 and The
Winner I(l 0 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 2 to 1. 8 to 1 and ( to 1.
Track odds on winner to 2.
•Favorite.
CHICAGO, Oct. 22.— Getaway day at Har
lem attracted a (rood sized attendance. The !
Cicero stake, the feature of the card, fell to
Boanerges, who displayed a decided fancy for
the muddy traveling. Montgomery was the •
only winning choice.
First race, mile and a furlong:, selling.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. | >- 4 . 14. lm. Str. Fin, j
George Lee, 95 Holden 0 0 3 i 12 |
•Vice R»gal. lOO.Beauch'pj 11112
D. Dummy, lOO.Hothersall 0 0 0 0 3
| Hampden, 92 Dupee 2 2 2 2 0
Time, 2:l»>V4. Won easily.
Pinar o>l Rio 89. Pensoroßo 89. Nannie L'e
SlFter 5.'.. Overland 95, Pitfall 98 and Sunburst !
108 also ran.
Sausnlito odds— B to 1. 5 to 2 and 4 to 1.
Track odds on winner— 4 to 1.
•Favorite,
Second race, one mile.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. l %. V 4. Str. Fin.
Facade. 93 McNichols] 3 3 3 11
•Judge W.,fTord. 90.... J. Ki>lff| 0 0 2 2
Rio Chtco. 83 Dupeel 1113
Churlo, 93 W. Jones 0 2 0 0
Tim». 1:58^. Won driving.
Ponchatula 90, Falset'- Jr. 93, Major Bell 93
and Mountain Dew 53 also ran.
Bausallto odds— to 1, 8 to 5 and 5 to 2.
Track odds on winner— s to 2.
•Favorite.
Third race, five furlongs, handicap.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. I >•«. Vi- Str. Fin.
•Montgomery. 117 ..H. Martini 12 14 11 13
Boney Boy. ■•>!■. Seaton 1 3 3 12 1
O'Connell. 113 W. Dean] 21 2h 3 3
Time. 1:07. Won easily.
Billy Mason 100 and High Test 100 also ran. ■
Bausallt i odd» to 10, 2 to 1 and 5 to 1.
Track odds on winner— 3 to 5.
•Favorite.
j Fourth race, Cicero stake, one mile.
Name and Weight. Jockeys.) v v Str. Fin.
Boanerges, 106 ninss; 111 11
Dr. Sheppard, MS Freeman' 3 3 2 2
;>unols, If. 11. Martin 0 0 0 3
•Found. »2 : Dupeel 2 2 3 4
Time. 1 :."..'■. Won cleverly.
David Tenny 106 aho ran.
Bausalltn odds- 8 to •'. 8 to 1 and 5 to L
Track odds on winner— 7 to 6.
! •Favorite.
Fifth race, one mile.
Xante and Weight. Jockeys. V - %. Str. Fin.
Al Fresco, 90 McNlchols 0 0 2 i
F.lidad, 95 Holden 3 2 12
•Great Bend, 95 Dupee 2 3 3 3
Plantain, 92 Secton 110 0
Time, I:S4H- Won driving.
Eva Rice 87 also ran.
Bausallto odds— B to 1, 8 to 5 and even.
Track odds on winner— 9 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, one mile, gelling.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. I 'i- Str. Fin.
j Newsgatherer, 105 ' Bloasj 1 2 lh 12
''].'■}- ii Zeni. 112 Caywood 0 3 3 2&
I Glenmoyne, 103 Shepardj 2 12 3
Time. 1:57%. Won easily.
Second Chance 91, Connie Lee 95. Muskalonge
9K, Count Fonno 98, Refugee 104 and Moncrelth
I 106 also ran.
Sausallto odds— to 1, 3 to 1 and 3 to 1.
Track odds on winner 8 to 1.
j *Favorlt».
LATONIA. Oct. 22— The Kentuckian dis
j posed of The Barrister for the Kentucky Cen
tral decide<shero to-day, going to the post a
pronounced choice. Three of the favorites fln
i Uhed first.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1898.
First race, one mile, Belling.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. %. Vt- Str. Fin.
•Mordecal. 99 Aker 111 IS
Dutch Bard. 97...Harshberger 2 2.2 *
Jack Hayes, 97 Southard 3 3 8 3
Time, I:B3%: Won galloping.
Ben O'Fallon 96, Herman 96, Mellie 97, v lo-
Iln 9S, Trocha 99, Fremont 100 and Peggy 100
also ran.
Saufiallto odds— B to 5, 5 to 1 and 6 to 2.
Track odds on winner— to B.
•Favorite.
Second race, one mile, selling.
~ Name and Weight. Jockeys. U. U. Str. Fin.
•Volandies. 104 Knight 3 3 111
Tat Garret 93 Southard! 0 0 3 2
Old Fox, 101 Thompson 112 3
The Grinder. 101 Jordan 2 2 0 0
Time, 1:51. Won easily.
Estabrook 109, Hub Prather 104. Primavera
96, Faven-ham 96, Florissant 98, Fatherland 104
arid Mayme M 104 also ran.
Sausullto odds— to 2. 10 to 1 and 7 to 2.
Track odds on winner —11 to 5.
•Favorite.
Third race, one mile, selling
Name and Weight. Jockeys. 1 Vi- M- Str. Fin.
Garnet Ripple. 106 ....Conley 1 1113
Eleanor Holmes. 96 Frost 2 3 3 2 2
Howitzer, 96 Thompson 0 0 0 8
Arcturus, 103 Matthews 0 2 2 0
Time, 1:50)4 Won easily.
Astor 96, 'Kathie May 99, Kay B 100 and
Amateur 103 also ran.
Saußalito odds— s to 1, 10 to 1 and 3 to 1.
Track odds on winner — 4 to 1.
♦Favorite.
Fourth race. Kentucky Central stake, one
mile.
Name and Weight. Jockey*.] %. H- Str. Fin.
•The Kentucktan, 121. J. Hill 1111
The Barrister, 123 ..Southard 2 12 2
Shlnfane. 110 Matthews 3 13 3
Time. 1:30. Won handily.
Rockland 110 also ran.
Sausallto odds— t to 6, 8 to 5 and 5 to 1.
Track odds on winner — 1 to 2.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, two miles, selling.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. l H- lrn. Str. Fin.
Jamboree. 94 Southard 2 1 1 11
Elusive, 94 Knight 3 0 3 2
Ideal Beau. 97 Crow hurst 10 0 3
Burton. 107 Ak-r 0 2 0 0
Time. 3:50V4 Won easily.
Jack Bradley 100 and "Donatella 94 also ran.
Sausalltn odds- * to 1. 5 to 2 and 6 to 1.
Track odds on winner— 6 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, one mile, selling.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. j V H. Str. Fin.
Madrllene. 111 J. Hill; 2 1112
The Doctor. 98 Southard 3 0 0 2
Albert Vale, 106 Alters] 0 0 3 3
Aunt Maggie. 96 Frost! 0 2 3 0
Time, 1:51. Won easily.
Tole Simmons •<•>. Vlrgle O 102. •Gallivant 103,
Joe Shelby 103 and Donation 104 also ran.
Bausailto odds— 3 to 1. 8 to 1 arid 4 to 1.
Track odds on winner— s to 2.
•Favorite.
. -«. —
CORRIGAN NO LONGER
OWNER OF HAWTHORNE
Sells the Race Track to a Railroad
Man and Will Make His Home
in San Francisco.
CHICAGO, Oct. 22.— Edward Corrlgran Is
no longer master of Hawthorne, and for
the first time since the earliest history
of the running: turf In Chicago he Is with
out financial Interest in a race track here.
The Hawthorne track, the last racing
property controlled by him In this vicin
ity, has been sold to R. Fitzgerald, super
intendent of the Chicago Junction Rail
way Company. The transfer Is of LOS
acres, which comprise the property In
closed by the race track fence, and the
consideration Riven in the deed of trans
fer is 175.000. A. S. i rude holds a first
mortgage of $100,000 an.l Shimrm'l a sec
ond mortgage of $25,000 on the property,
which was assumed by the purchaser, so
that the grounds and plant were sold for
$200,000.
The Hawthorne track was built in ISDO
by Edward Corrigan, John Brenock and
others, and there was racing there until
the spring- of 1595. The track was then un
used until August of this year, when it
was reopened. There were thlrty-slk days'
racing, but conditions were not favorable,
and it is known that Corrigan became
thoroughly disgusted, and. in the lan
guage of one of his friends, having other
Interests that demanded his time and
capital he decided to get rid of Haw
thorne. It Is said he Intends making San
Francisco his homo In future.
FRESHMEN WIN
AT FOOTBALL
Colors of Santa Clara
Lowered.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 22.— T0 the strains
of "I Don't Care If You Nebber Come
Back." rendered by the Santa Clara
College Band, the freshmen from the
University <>f California marched off
the ffeld with victory perched on their
banner.
A fair crowd was assembled at Cy
clers' I'ark this afternoon ami witness
ed a stubborn game of football, in
which the colors of the Santa Clara
team were lowered by a score of 15 to
5. The game was a good one. but
wouid have been much more enjoyable
if less wrangling had been indulged in
by both teams.
Judging from the strength fhown by
the freshmen from the University of
California to-day they stand an excel
lent chance to defeat the Stanford
freshmen In their intercollegiate match,
which occurs October 23.
Santa Clara played well, but was de
ficient In tackling and In team work.
The game opened with the freshmen
kicking orf. Santa Clara caught the
ball and gradually worked it to Berke
ley's five-yard line. Here a scries of
bucks carried the ball over Berkeley's
goal, but the referee declared an off
side play, thus awarding the ball to the
freshmen and preventing Santa Clara
from scoring a touchdown.
Berkeley kicked out, and by splendid
bucking sent Captain Smith over the
goal line for a touchdown. More missed
the goal.
Santa Clara then kicked off, and by
BeveraJ Rood runs and a succession of
quarterback kicks worked the ball up
to the Berkeley goal, where McQuade
went over for a touchdown. McQuade
also kicked, but missed the goal.
Santa Clara kicked off In the second
half, and Berkeley returned the ball to
the renter, when, after several bucks,
Llppman took the ball, making a fifty
yard run for a touchdown. More failed
to kick the goal.
S;mta <'lara then kicked off, but
Berkeley forced the ball to Santa
Clara's five-yard line and then lost it
on downs. Santa Clara attempted to
kick out, but the kick was blocked and
a Berkeley player fell on the ball as it
rebounded over the Santa Clara goal,
scoring another touchdown. More_was
again unsuccessful In his attempt to
kick the goal.
In a few minutes after play was re
sumed time was called, with Berkeley
In possession of the ball. For Berkeley
the best playing was done by Lippman,
Albertson, Duden and Captain Smith.
Nihtl, Coward, Finnigan and Garnot did
clever work for Santa Clara. The line
up was as follows:
University of Cat. Position. Santa Clara.
r>urt»n Center Sylvia
Clay llisht Guard Graham
Campbell Left Guard McKlnnon
Hanson Rlfrht Tackle Gaffey
AlhPrtson Left Tackle Oarrartl
Ktnzie Quarterback Connor
Smith (captain)... Right Half Garnot
Llppman Left Half. ..Coward (captain)
Schuster Rlpht End Nlhll
Hill I^eft End .....Pinlßran
More Fullback McQuade
Advunpes mad* on furniture and planon, with
or without oemoval. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 il'«'.n
UNIFORM DIVORCE LAW
URGED BY THE BISHOPS
Will Petition Congress to Place Before
the People a Constitutional
Amendment.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— The Washington correspondent of the Her
ald telegraphs: Congress may be petitioned by the Episcopal
Bishops of America, in convention here, to place before the people of
the country an opportunity to adopt an amendment to legislation pro
viding for a uniform law of divorce. Bishop Potter of New York
was one of the first to suggest the propriety and desirability of pe
titioning Congress.
"It is very probable," said Bishop Potter to me, "that the
Bishops will send a petition to Congress asking that a constitutional
amendment be submitted to the people so as to bring about uniform
divorce laws. I believe the country is ripe for it, and certainly a
question of such fundamental social and moral importance as this
commends itself as worthy of being made a subject for Incorporation
in the legislation of the country. It is equally If not more vital to the
growth and future of the nation than the national bankruptcy law."
EXCLUSION
OF PRODUCTS
OF AMERICA
Germany Uses Sani
tary Pretexts.
SYSTEM IS PROHIBITION
UNITED STATES MAY PREPARE
RETALIATOHY LAWS.
One Result of Emperor Williams'
Visit to Turkey May Be the Gift
of an Island by tha
Sultan.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by the Associated Prees.
BERLIN. Oct. 22.— An American dip
lomatist, who is in a position to know
the inside farts in the ease, discussing
the German proposition to practically
exclude American meat products from
Germany, said :
"It is understood that there Is dan
; ger of the meat inspection bill to ex
\ dude American products on sanitary
: pretexts. The Agricultural Department
will undoubtedly present a bill to Con
gress, if American products are at- i
tacked, providing for th^ sanitary in- i
spection <>f adulterations of German
wines and the dangerous colors used in
toys and woolens, etc., and of the
adulterations in dyes, chemicals and
other such products. Many Americans
hold that German imports require care
| ful sanitary inspection in both coun-
I tries. Their representatives at Ber
! lin and Washington are doing
everything to avert retaliatory mea
sures, but there is good renson to sup
pose they will be entirely unsuccessful
if the Reichstag passes a law of in
spection which is a virtual prohibition,
or If the present syst.Mn is continued.
Moderate men on both sides strongly
desire a bill providing for a thorough
inspection, thus avoiding repeated un
necessary and vexatious local inspec
tions of the same meat. If the I'nited
States first inspected German imports,
and the different State governments
of America then reinspected them,
and they were afterward inspected by
the different American municipal au
thorities for the third time, that would
be precisely the state of affairs Amer
ican meat now has to face in Ger
many."
The United States TCmbassador, An
i drew I). White, '-eferring to the same
j matter, said: "If a fair law were
.; abolishing the reinspection of
I meat in more than one place, the
i I'nlted States would heartily approve
' Mr! White gave his first diplomatic
dinner of the season on Tuesday in
honor of Dr. yon Hollenben, the Ger-
man Embassador at Washington, who
is now on a visit to this country. The
function was a great diplomatic sue-
C€BS. Among those present were
Baron yon Richtefon, the acting for
eign secretary, and most of the mem
bers of the diplomatic corps. After
the dinner Dr. yon Hollenben said that
he, like Mr. White, was in favor of re
moving the minor matters which have
latterly disturbed the pleasant rela
tions between th.- two countries, such
ns tonnage and Insurance questions, by
settling them amicably. The German
Embassador also expressed the hope
that the cattle inspection bill would be
so drawn as to be acceptable to the
United States. Dr. yon Hollenben, re
ferring to the tariff negotiations, de
scribed them as being in the initiatory
stage.
The German Embassador goes to
Stuttgart next week for the purpose
of attending the wedding of Princess
Pauline and the Prince Weld. He will
return to It^rlin, where, before return
ing to the United States, he will confer
with the Imperial Chancellor. Prince
Hohenlohe. and various Ministers, con
cerning projected legislation and other
matters touching upon German-Ameri
can relations.
Emperor William's tour of the east
is followed here with the keenest in
terest. One of the most significant
political features of his Majesty's stay
at Constantinople was the hoisting of
the German naval ensign, with the
cross beßlde the Turkish crescent.
Since the conquest of Constantinople
flags having a cross on them have
never been officially hoisted there. The
Sultan himself gave the order for hoist
ing the colors. A striking deviation
from Mohammedan custom was also
noticed in the Sultan kissing the hand
of the Empress of Germany.
Advices received! here from Constan
tinople r-port that the Mussulmans are
convinced the Sultan will make Em
peror William some great gift, the isl
and of Rhodes or the port of Haifa on
the bay of Acre, at the foot of Mount
Carmel. This would seem an appro
priate gift, for, one mile west of Haifa,
at the immediate foot of the mount, is
a German-American mission colony
having a good school, sixty stone dwell
ings and manufactories of soap and
olivewood wares. The colony has a
population of over 300, while Halra It
self has' a population of over 4000.
The Turks seem to have displayed
genuine enthusiasm over the visit of
the German Emperor and Empress to
Constantinople.
The Mollahs of the mosques at Stam
boul assembled on the eve of their
Majesties' departure to express in pub
lic their sympathy for the Emperor of j
Germany.
Dispatches received here from St. j
Petersburg show that the Emperor's j
ionrnev to the East is viewed there with j
the greatest suspicion, and it Is fully
believed that Emperor William is de
sirous of acquiring a portion of the Ot
toman territory.
The Novoe Vremya, writing in this
sense, warns Turkey that even a slight
cession of Turkish territory will be the
beginning (if the partition of the Turk
ish empire, if not of its ruin.
The German newspapers at first re
ceived the English news of the an
archist plot at Alexandria against the
life of Emperor William with skepti
cism and a section of th<- German
press, including- the Vossiche Zeitung
and the socialist organs, even now.
from party reasons, affect to believe
that the plot only existed in the imagi
nation of the police. This attitude,
however, was inspired by fear of spe
cial legislation In Germany unfavor
able i" their party and cause. A re
markable utterance In this connection
was made by the Cologne Gazette,
which said: "We Germans have been
unable t>> agree with the utterances of
the Kaiser regarding anarchists, be
cause we felt that he has .sometimes
incorrectly diagnosed the movement
and therefore has not always made a
lucky choice of means to fight the foe,
for we know there are currents in the
movement which cannot be overcome
by shooting our fathers or brothers, but
rather the !n-st means is to prevent new
combustibles from being added to the
flames."
The Berlin anarchists have called a
me. -tins for next Friday to protest
against "international anarchist bait-
Ing and conspiracy against freedom."
The anarchist organ, Armer Kondrade,
contains a larnre anarchist advertise
ment appealing for an overflowing at
tendance at the meeting.
Prince Adolph of Schomburg-Lippe,
Emperor William's brother-in-law, ap
plied some time ago to the Hundesrath
to forbid the Die( of Lippe-Detmold to
regulate the question <>f a successor to
th^ throne of that principality, he him
self being a candidate. Reliable infor
mation now has it that Bavaria, Sax
ony, Wurteniburg. the Thuringen
States, Hesse, Anhalt. Mecklenburg.
Keusse and th>- Hansel towns in the
Bundesrath have decided against the
appeal.
Three important measures providing
for an Increase In the army, anti-strike
regulations and imperial meat inspec
tion are so far advanced that the bills
embodying them are ready for intro
duction into the Reichstag immediately
after that body convenes. The army
bill not only provides for a slight in
crease in the peace effective footing
but it also provides for the reorganiza
tion of the field artillery and the eom
i letion of the telegraph and railroad
equipment. Altogether the bill will in
volve an increase of some twenty mil
lion marks yearly, besides an immedi
ate outlay of a larger amount.
The primary elections for members of
the I Met have been fixed for October 27,
and the final elections will take place
a week later. Tl.e nartie? are split in
a manner which makes it impossible to
predict the result except that sweep
ing changes in the composition of the
house are probable, and the conserva
tives having agrarian and anti-Ameri
can leaning* are very likely to form a
majority. The election will he held un
der the old reactionary three class law.
Among its curiosities this time is the
fact that nearly all the Prussian Minis
ters, Including Prince Hohenlohe. the
Imeprial chancellor, will vote in the
lowest class. 'he second and third
classes being composed of wealthy cor
porations and financiers.
The large estate at Cadinne has been
presented to Emperor William by for
mer District Counsellor Rirkener, and
it was formally accepted by the Em
peror this week, with the result that
the district chamber of Eibing has sent
the Emperor a telegram of thanks, as
it is expected the district will be large
ly benefited by the change in owner
ship. The •state lies midway between
Eibing and Tolkmlt, in the province of
East Prussia, adjoining an inlet of the
Baltic called Frisctaeshaf. It covers
about eight thousand acres, is beauti
fully wooded and full of large game;
but it has been somewhat neglected.
The value of the estate is estimated at
1,200,000 marks.
J. Goldschmidt, T'nited States Consul
General here, is very ill
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Experiment, i
i 1 •
5 The Keeley Treatment for j|
$ the cure of Alcoholism 5
1 and Drug addictions has %
% passed the experimental £
stage —it is a fact. It
5 reaches right down, picks if
3: men and women out of "H
5 the gutter and restores 1
■£ them to home, health and fj
i happiness. [r
•5 I
5 THE KF.F.r.KY INSTITUTES, £
5 1170 Market street. San Francisco, :»
5 Dunoiioe liuirHnjf. 5;
£ Lankcrsnlm Building. Third and $
5 Spring St«., Los Angeles. >
5 Ered A. Pollock, Manager. 5
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
.(jt'».. Full Set of Teeth
154&^ * extracting free $5 ooap
Tjsr*felL%*!f Gold Crowns a Jk $350 up
#-^,S3C. * Fillings - - - as cts.up
t *i£zEg&22Fr>z^Sfi Open Freningn ft
r^gg^J^ VAN VROOM
/W//avV «? let i Dental Parlors
<y( |T > 'Sixth and Market
Dr. Q W. Kl«la«r, Prep,
FED A HUSBAND
GROUND GLASS
Young Wife Is Charged
With Murder.
DEATH OF AN AGED SPOUSE
GIVEN A DEADLY SUBSTANCE IN
OATMEAL.
Relatives of the First Wife Cause an
Investigation Which Leads Up
to Startling Develop
ments.
Speola.l Dispatch to The Call.
BATTLE CREEK, Mich., Oct. 22.—
Mrs. Mary Butterfield-Sanderson, the
18-year-old wife of Rudolph Sanderson,
bank director and wealthy citizen of
Battle Creek, will be taken to the Coun
ty Jail at Marshall, where she will be
held pending a preliminary hearing on
the charge of murdering her husband.
She is accused of feeding him with
ground glass in his breakfast of oat
meal.
Sanderson, who was 80 years of age,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
:
.
A Cure for Men
Regardless of Age or Condition.
DR. MEYERS & CO. have long been recognized as the
leading specialists for all weaknesses and diseases of men.
They are absolute masters of nervous debility, lost vitality,
etc., contagious blood poison, and all other contracted ailments.
DR. MEYERS & CO. have restored to perfect health and
strength a vast multitude of men whose troubles have been
abandoned by other leading physicians as incurable and past
all earthly aid. .
DR. MEYERS & CO. have been established more than
seventeen years. The members of the staff are graduates from
the best medical colleges in the world and have had long ex-
perience in hospitals and in private practice before entering
upon their successful career of specialists for men.
DR. MEYERS & CO. have the largest and best equipped
medical institution and the most extensive practice in the West;
NO DEADLY DRUGS— Dr. Meyers & Co. never use
mineral or other poisonous or dangerous drugs. All their
prescriptions are carefully compounded by competent chem-
ists and pharmacists in their own private laboratories, FREE
TO PATIENTS. Nothing but the extracts of buds, barks,
berries, roots, leaves, flowers and herbs are ever dispensed.
NO PAY REQUIRED TILL CURE IS EFFECTED
Dr. Meyers & Co. have y^^T^^k^ft No other reputable phy *
such confidence in their gfc,^. sicians have ever made
successful remedies and J|lgpllKl§£^'^^ Buch an offer - and Dr<
methods that they will let JpSt^ "%j| .Meyers & Co. could not
the patient deposit the Jgf&ff''- 11* afford to do so if they
price of a cure in any WOM ■» ■laJwF were not convinced, after
bank or with any busi- fS$& se>cntten yenrs> ex €rl "
ness house or newspaper 106 Ifjjpy ¥HL* '""' that thCy Ca ° makC
in San Francisco, to be : \'l|L <^~~ \|| quick and permanent
paid to them when a i^\j|£&-, *4tf^St CUr "" Nervous Debilil
cure is effected, or pa- ► /iW^Mj and itS att£nding dan "
tlents may pay for their J^/\\^^'^V^^rWf' 2Crs and embarrasB -
cur* in monthly Install- r^- K^SfeSSß^ ( /PM> ' ■'■ raents « Contagious Blood
ments. If they prefer. 3%kk "j ? iS ° n ' and ° thCr C °""
By either method the IgilV jrvrWBffi^' ; tracted ailments arc
patient takes no risk. KWN-NlL^Sii^^^S Included in this offer.
FREE ADVICE AND PRIVATE BOOK AT OFFICE OR BY MAIL
Beware of Symptoms. They Often Lead to Disastrous Result.*. If your
Trouble has become Chronic and Dangerous from Lone Standing or Bad Treat-
ment. Delays may mean an Untimely Death or Years of Disgrace and Suffering.
DR MEYERS & CO. HAVE CURED THOUSANDS— THEY CAN CURE YOU.
FREE CONSULTATION AND BOOK FOR MEN at office or by mall.
All Dealing and Correspondence with Patients Sacredly Confidential.
No Printing on Envelope* or Packages to show who sent them.
JZ>i% Meyers & Co.
Diseases and Weaknesses of Men Only
731 market street, san francisco.
Take Elevator. Hours: 8 to 12, I to 5 Dally; 7 to 8 Evenings; 9to II Sundays.
Laura. I bought my first supply of Ripans Tabules
more out of curiosity than anything else,
and was very much surprised at the good
results which followed their use. I had
often seen them advertised, but being a little
prejudiced against patent medicines I thought
they would do me no good. In future I
never want to be without them. 1 had been
troubled with indigestion and dyspepsia for
along time, and although I tried many kinds
of medicine, I never found anything really
to do me much good until I tried Ripans
TabuleSb
died suddenly on October 18 under cir
cumstances that set tongues to wag
ging. He was married in Windsor,
Ontario, July 6 last, to Miss Butterfield,
a graduate of the Ann Arbor training
school for nurses. October 6 the body
was interred in Oak Hill Cemetery in
this city and the matter was given no
particular thought until stories circu
lated by servants in the Sanderson
home reached friends of the dead man.
The suspicions of the friends were en
larged upon by outsiders, and an inves
tigation is said to have revealed the
circumstance that Mrs. Sanderson
neglected to . call a physician when
symptoms of her aged husband's ill
ness first appeared. His sudden death
was said to be due to paralysis.
The case was taken up by relatives
of the first Mrs. Sanderson and the
body was exhumed. The autopsy is
saiil to have shown that death resulted
from the eating of pulverized glass.
Mrs. Sanderson was tak»n into cus
tody at 4 o'clock this afternoon by
Deputy Sheriff Gregory, while she was
counseling with Attorney Crosby. She
showed remarkable self-reliance. Im
mediately nfter her arrest she was
taken to Justice Lewis' court, where
she was formally charged with the
murder.
To an interviewer Mrs. Sanderson
said:
"No. I will not talk about my case.
I am not guilty, that's all. Everything
will come out all right."
Sanderson i<s said to have been worth
$40,000. A will has been found, dated
1882, in which all his property is be
queathed to his first wife and daughter.
both now dead.
S. E. Farrow of Beaver Meadows. Pa.,
is the inventor of a storm front for ye
■ hides, consisting of two sections, the
Inner vertical edges of whirh are con
1 nected by an elastic strip, the outer side
I edges being secured to th>- bows ot the.
vehicle, and provided with vertical stif
fening bars. Transparent plates in each
section Rive the driver a clear view.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
HURLED INTO
ETERNITY BY
AN EXPLOSION
Two Men Killed at the
Judson Works.
THE MIXING HOUSE WRECKED
NO ONE LEFT TO EXPLAIN LOW
IT OCCURRED.
Several Narrow Escapes of Men Who
Had Just Left the House
That Was Anni
hilated.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Oct. 22.
The explosion of a couple of hundred
pounds of nitro-fflyctTine this morning at
the Judson Powder Works caused the in
stant death of two employes and th«j total
demolition of the mixing housi.*. The vic
tims are Peter Anderson, foreman of the
mixing department, and Thomas Roach,
foreman of the nltro-gelatine mixing
house.
The cause of the explosion -will never
be known, for, as in all similar explo
sions, the evidence of its origin and the
men who might have known were wiped
out instantly.
A few minutes after S o'clock this morn
ing there was a loud explosion at the
Judson works, but as the mixing house
was separated from most of the other
buildings the damage was not widespread,
although the wreck' of the house _\\as
complete. Owing to the strong- nature of
the bulkhead between the nitrate house
and the mixing house the former was
saved. The bulkhead also saved the life
ci Richard T. Board, who was only a few
feet from the scene of the exclusion.
Thomas Roach, the foreman of the
wrecked house, went to work as usual
at 7 o'clock and at once started mix
same material. Peter Anderson walked
over to see Roach and helped him unload
a portion of a vat of guncotton. After
the mixing had taken place the explosion
occurred. Superintendent Kennedy can
2iot advance any reason for the accident,
but supposes that some foreign substance
got in the vat and decomposition ensued.
A search of the debris and grounds
failed to produce a portion of either or
the victims larger man a man's hand.
Over 300 feet away a portion of Ander
son's head wad round. The bulkhead
saved the life of Board and also prevented
the destruction of the. adjoining houses.
Superintendent Kennedy is a lucky man.
and but for a change, of mind would have
been killed.
"'li is impossible to give any reason for
the explosion," he said, "for Roach was
a very careful man and understood his
business. He was credited with exercis
ing great caution in the mixing of the
nitre-gelatine, which Is very dangerous
stuff to handle. As well us Lhat, Ander
son, who Is foreman of the mixing' de
partment, was with him, and it couid
not have been due to any lack of caution
ha : the explosion occurred. It is one
of chose inexpHc-aMe things' which liap
pen when least expected. ■
"As to my own narrow escape I don't
care to say anything. I'll admit it was
the closest shave of my life, however.
Usually I go down to the mixing house
when it is running, before changing my
clothes, but this morning I delayed about
two minutes to make the change. Why
I did it I do not now know. I then start
ed immediately for the mixing house, and
had I been one minute sr.oner would have
met the fate of the other two poor fel
lows.
"The copper tank contained about 200
pounds of nitro-gelatine. This is com
posed of guncotton, nitro-glvcerine, niter
and some other ingredients. How it
could have exploded I have not the re
motest Ideai
"Our loss will be about $3500, but that is
nothing In comparison to the lr.ss of two
lives, Both men were faithful and trust
ed employes.?
Richard Board, who wa/3 separated
from the scene of death by a few boards,
had a remarkable experience. VI was
working in the nitrating room." 'he said,
"which adjoins th« mixing house. The
two aro separated by a heavy bulkhead.
I knew Tom Roach was at work on the
mixing tank, but did not know who else
was in there. However, I heard some
talking. A little after 8 o'clock the ex
ploalon occurred, but It came so suddenly
that I hardly heard anything. In fact I
did not have time to think before I was
in the air, with lumber and dirt flying all
about me. I struck the ground about six
ty feet away and for a time was com
pletely dazed. I do not know how long- I
lay on the ground, but as soon as I real
ized what had happened I crawled
through the debris and ran. Then I stop
ped for I knew nothing more was to ex
plod*.
"Where. the mixing house stood but a
minute before was a great hole and not
a nign was visible of Roach. The poor
f fellow, with Anderson, had been blown
all to pieces.
"I cannot describe the sensation as it
occurred to me. for It was most peculiar.
First I seemed to be falling into a deep
abyss, then the walls seemed- to all cave
■:. and I was drawn right up Into space.
It happened all so quickly that you can
hardly tell of it."
Peter Anderson, who was killed, has
been employed by the company since they
located their plant at Fleming Point,
eight years ago. He is a brother-in-law
of County Recorder Spear. •' He leaves a
widow and a baby, whose first birthday*
was to have been celebrated this evening
in the West Berkeley home, now father
less.
Thomas Roach, the other victim, 'was
unmarried. He had been employed in sev
eral powder "works, and was, known as a
reliable, workman.--
Frank Costa and Tom Brombaker had
only left the mixing house a. couple of
minutes when it went up. "We were but
a short distance away," said Costa, "when
we heard the explosion. We had to go to
another department, or I guess we would
be dead. When I turned around as soon
an I heard the report I saw the whole
building in the air. We dodged the flying
missiles, and as soon as we returned I
paw the most complete wreck I have ever
seen, in many years' experience in pow
der mills." "
GREAT REGISTER CLOSES.
County Clerk Jordan So Orders and
the Agreed Test Case Is
Abandoned.
OAKLAND, Oct. 22.--The Alameda
County great register cloned this mid
nlfe'M. It had been stated that the reg
ister would not close until next Monday
midnight, but County Clerk Jordan to
day instructed his deputies In charge of
the work as first mentioned, and during
the entire day and a great portion of to
night many voters attended to register-
Ing.
Moreover, the agreement to tent the
matter of opening the great register un
til fifteen days of the election has been
abandoned. The case will not be taken
from this county to the Supreme Court,
this decision having been reached to-day
between Attorneys Fitzgerald and Ab
bott, representing the union Campaign
Committee, and District Attorney Snook,
because it Is deemed impossible that a
hearing could be had before election day.
A RACE FOR LIBERTY.
A Writ of Habeas Corpus Granted
After the Prisoner's Modified
Sentence Had Been Served.
OAKLAND. Oct. 22. — There was a
merry race for liberty to-day. In which
the prime factors were Justice of the
The Wrecked Mixinghouse in Which the Victims Were Working.
Peace Fred Clift and Superior Judge
Hall, and the prize was a prisoner named
J. E. Squires:- The inferior court some
how wort the prize, for Squires will now
appear and defend a suit brought by
Collector John Stewart for the recovery
of money due.
Yesterday Squires failed to appear be
fore Justice Cllft in obedience to an or
der of examination, and the Justice sen
tenced him to one day's imprisonment in
the County Jail for contempt of court.
To-ui;y Squires" attorney, W. J. Robin
son, presented a petition for a writ of
habeas : pus in Judge Hall's court. This
set the wheels of the Justice's machinery
In motion, and Squires' sentence was
modiried to three hours; but before
Judge Hall's signature had dried on the
writ Squires was discharged, sentence
having terminated but a few moments
before.
HER MIND WRECKED BY
THE MELROSE EXPLOSION
MRS. DONAGHUE COMMITTED
FOR INSANITY.
Sad Plight of an Aged Widow Who
Fears That Her Home Is in
Danger of Being Blown
to Atoms.
■ '• Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Oct. 22.
Mrs. Maggie Donaghue, a widow, aged
60 year?, was to-day committed to the
Ukial Insane Asylum by Judge Greene.
H. wrecked mind is the direct result of
the terrible Melrose explosion of several
months ago. Mrs. Donaghue sided In
her own cottage on Jackson avenue; just I
oiT Fourteenth street. In the Immediate
vicinity of 'the demolished fuse works.
Since the explosion she has manifested
gj,gns of mental derangement. Of late she ;
has been seen nightly mounting guard at
one of her windows, and, with pistol in
hand, threatening to blow out the brains
of imaginary beings whom she suspects f
are endeavoring to place dynamite under ;
her house with a view of blowing It to j
atoms. ,
At '2 o'clock this morning the unfortu
nate woman left her home, with a candle
in one hand and a whip in the other, and
walked to the County Jail, a distance of
about live miles, and there asked Jailer
Lane to: send an ollicer to protect her
property, complaining at the same time
that "ever since the Mali explosion
similar explosions have been taking place
almost nightly, and that her house
shakes almost continuously. fahe talked
gently on all other subjects. •
She was Immediately turned over to Dr. j
Keating, keeper of the insane at the Re
ceiving Hospital, and was this forenoon
examined. . . _, ,
Mrs Donaghue has resided near Mel
rose for many years. She has one son a
sea captain. Her husband, who died some
years ago was a veteran of the Civil
War and she receives a pension of $24 25.
She is not a nervous woman easily given
to fright, but has always been regarded
by her neighbors as a woman of remark
a >t' nerve It is said of her that some
years ago, during a yellow fever epi
demic at sea, she sewed up the bodies of
fourteen victims in sacks and ■ buried
th The property worth several thousand
dollars, and an application to be ap
pointed guardian over this will probably
be filed in a few days by some neighbor.
LOCATING THE BLAME.
Switchman Sullivan Still Silent
About the Alameda Local
Derailment.
OAKLAND, Oct. 22.— The principal topic
of. conversation on the local trains and
boats to-day was the accident at the new
Harrison-street bridge last night when
the 7:30 Alameda broad gauge local came
near being dumped Into the estuary.
Switchman Underwood still claims that
when the train approached from the Oak
land side 'the qther switchman, J. Sulli
van, erroneously called to nlm that It
was the "narrow gauge."
Sullivan, however, continues. to observe
the i silence !of the long-necked bivalve.
and ;as yet Superintendent Agler, who
Bp«?nt the greater portion of this morn-
Ing at the bridge, has been unable to ob
tain' a statement from him. • •
AU of this, according to Superintendent
Agler, is not as important as the fact that
Engineer White backed his train—
discovering the mistake— without any sig
nal • whatever. . The . superintendent ex
pressed It "as his opinion that none
of 'the men will lose their positions
as a result of the investigations now be
ing conducted. v
In the Divorce Courts.
' OAKLAND. Oct. 22.— Judge Greene to
day granted Anna Peterson a divorce
from Charles Peterson on the ground of
extreme' cruelty. Plaintiff is awarded
custody of the minor children and $10
monthly alimony for their support.
Judge Greene also granted a divorce to
William Abner Walker from Mabel K.
Walker on the ground of willful deser
1 Default has been entered In the divorce
suit of Lulu C. Bramhall against Walter
M Br am hall on account of defendant's
failure to answer or plead to the com-
Pl The" divorce suit of Anna E. Elefeldt
against Theodore A. Elßfeldt has been re
ferred to court Commissioner Babeock
to take testimony.
Meadors' Son Disappears.
OAKLAND, Oct. James N. Mea
dors who was acquitted of the murder of
Jonas Ury last Wednesday, Is greatly
worried over the whereabouts of his son
Henry who came from Arkansas recent- i
l£ to attend his father's trial. He left
the County Jail last Saturday and has ;
not put i "'- ' 1 apnearance since.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND Oct. 22.— Jim, the Chi- !
nese who by mistake chased the wrong
boy With a hatchet and was arrested for ;
an attempted assault with a deadly
weapon was this afternoon discharged i
on motion of Deputy District Attorney |
■ M The 6 bicycle thief has renewed his ne- ;
farious and felonious operations here
abouts. Within the past two days six
wheels have been reported stolen.
Alameda News Notes.
AL.AJMEDA, Oct. 22.— The collection of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, 'OCTOBER 23, 1898.
Alameda city taxes will commence Mon
day.
A mission conducted by Panlist Fathers
Wyman ami Hopper of San Frai
will commence to-morrow - Beph's
Catholic Church, and continue for one
week.
Edward Logan, who surrendered hlm
to the police las- evening, stating
b a deserter from Company X a;
. ! on telegraph in
structions from the command
of tl:.- company. He was taki i back to
Benlcia
Tli.- Imperial sTacht Club, whose head
quarters arv at the Bay Farm Fsland
bridge, will give a lantei and
indri i l tay Novem -
handball tournament of the Em
mcd last even-
Ing, resulting as follows: Dinsmor
Stafford (scratch), score 51; against '
and Walker (handicap 86), scon
g-ln and Masten (scratch), scoi
against Hamma and Ryder (scratch).
THREE STORES BURNED.
A Costly Blaze in the Central Part of
the Business Portion of Berkeley.
BERKELEY, Oct. 22. --Fire brok<
10 o'clock this moaning In the v I -
liamson block on Shatfuck avenue, be
tween Center street and Allston way
two hours and more the flames spi
consuming most of the Interior of the
building and destroying property I
value of $10,000.
The "Williamson block is composed of
three Btores on tl ■■ lower floor and a
larpe hall used by the Christian Church
■ • upper. The blaze is supposed to
a small closet in th<
of Williamson's paint and varnish house.
Within a short time the Berkeley v - i
teer ! rtment had turned out in
full force, but from the difficulty •■( at
lirst locating the flames it was some
Unit.- before th»- blase could be brought
under control.
The University French laundry, owned
Capdeville, was destroyed, tl
ployea having barely time t" sav<
• ■ rdahl's furniture-store is
a complete wre< k. as is also the Chris
tian Church, occupying the si
The loss is for the most part covered by
tnce.
MARSHAL BOGLES' SUCCESSOR.
Oflice Seekers Figuring on His Elec-
tion as Sheriff.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 22.— Alameda
seekers are so reasonably sun- City M«r-
I sha! Oscar Rogers will be the next Re
! publican Sheriff of this county they are
i already at work laying wires to capture
j the office that will become vacant In tho
event of his election. The Board of City
I Trustees will have the appointing power.
Harry Transue, of the west End, and
i ifflcer William limn, a comparatively
; new member of the local police force, are
avowed candidates for the position. Police
' Servant Conrad, who is in direct line of
promotion, has declared that he dO(
want the Marshal ship and would not take
i it if It were offered to him.
AN OAKLANDER CLAIMS
A BRIDE FROM VIRGINIA
.Nuptials of Jlttorney Elliott
B. Davis and .Miss
.Marie Wilfyelm.
0 I—*1 — * LLIOTT B. DAVIS and Miss
« * Marie Wilhelm were married
CD or. Thursday last in Oak-
* land. The solemn binding
d. words which made the young twain
8 one were spoken by the Rev. Floyd
w J. Mynard, St. John's Episcopal
Church.
Mr. Davis, who is ft nephew of
Judge A. A. Sanderson, Is a practic
ing attorney in this city. Ho has a
wide circle of friends, who have
been attracted to him because of his
pleasing personality. The bride Is
one of the fairest of Oakland's
belles. She la the only child of Mr.
and Mrs. de C. Wilhelm, and is a
TWO MORE
GRAND JURIES
THIS YEAR
A Discovery That
Causes Surprise.
NO MORE INDICTMENTS
GRAND JURORS TO DO MUCH
CRIIICIZING.
Must Be Quickly Discharged So That
There Will Be Time for Two
Other Juries This
Year.
Oakland Of'.lce San Francisco Call,
906 Broadway, Oct. 22.
There must be two more grand juries
impan>'!-'d | and the discovery of
this fact has caused the present Grand
Jury ?u put forward great efforts to com
as report by next Tuesday. Satur
daj is not a usual time for the Grand
Jury to hold a session, but this afternoon
the members were together for hours.
• seems to have been an idea that)
this Grand .fury was tnpan led this year,!
but it was ; worn in on December 27 of last
Th' law requires that there shall
be two grand Juries impaneled in each
year. Kom ■• been sworn in this year,
an ,i | . y a couple of months
lefi a 'Iran.! Jury must be impaneled and
! discharged and another one sworn Iv be
: 31.
It | B ,]•■;■! ■ ■•d that there will be |
i,,, n ,  • nts return.-. i, one of the
grand lurors significantly saying, "What s
;•(■•'• evidently having in mind the
many Indii ffered and the failure
to convict on all counts that have I n
returni d.
The report la known to contain much
criticism of some of the county officers,
and a, so many recommendations. The
art not unanimous regarding the!
I (flcials, as some membi 1 1
do not < onßlder it the province of a Grand :
Jurj to do anything that might be inter- i
preted as doing politics on the eve of an!
aider that this Is the
proper tin;. I enlli iten the public on the;
tier in which the county le being run, j
■ he latter are In the majority.
One of the members of th.- Grand Jury
said to-daj that the report will probably
.■ for presentation to the court '
■ lay. By that time
::. Gi •■■'• Jury will have been in session'
tly ten months.
who was indicted by the
: alleg< d Informality in
unty warrant t" three different I
James McManus and Al
bert Olander for bondsmen to-day and
was released from rust< I
ST. MARY'S ASSOCIATION.
Its Aims Are Announced to Be on the
Eve of Accomplishment.
A well-attended meeting of the St.
Mary's Square Association was held in
the basement of St. Mary's Church last
evening. George D. Shadburne, presid
ing, announced that the search of title
was In the hands of a prominent firm,
and expressed the opinion that, within
the next three week?, a suit of condemna
tion would be brought. The support of
the police had, he said, been assured; the
property owners, with perhaps three ex
ceptions, were In accord with the asso
ciation, and he believed that by June next
the square would be a fixed fact.
City and County Treasurer Reis of the
executive committee expressed the opin
ion that the object of the association was
in a fair way of accomplishment, and
was followed by a few encouraging words
from A. Sbarboro. Father Otis then de
livered a short informal address.
"I have-." in- said, "received assurance
of support— from those who are well able ;
t.. furnish It— When the proper time ,
eomes.S* 1 shall s<-e many more; and I |
have reason to believe that one or two
gentlemen will make up the deficiency—
: . It may not be necessary Co inter- j
ill. Thf Square Associa
tion d"r-s not wish to come forward as a
prosecutor— the Society for the Proven-:
tion of Vice will commence prosecution.
"I hope.- on Monday or Tuesday next to
have Borne cases in court— and cases that j
will be sufficient to show up how cer- I
native of Baltimore, Md., a city
noted for Its fair women. She is a
cousin of Congressman J. F. C.
Talbot of Maryland, and in descend
ed from the family of Earl Warren,
coming from one of the oldest fam
ilies of Virginia.
The young couple will be at home,
754 Eighth street, Oakland, after
November 1.
tain houses are protected, and who are
their backers."
A vote of ; hanks was then tendered to
the press for the .great help it had af
forut-d in the matter.
LIQUOR DEALEBS IN MASK.
A Good Time at the Annual Mask
Ball at Odd Fellows' Hall. .
There was a warm time at Odd Fel
lows' Hall last night. The California
State Protective Association Of Liquor
Dealers gave its annual masquerade ball,
and to say that those who Were there en
joyed themselves would be an unneces
sary use of words. From the time the ,
line formed for the grand march at 10
o'clock until the very late hours this
morning the fun was fast and furious
The usual number of clowns, devils and
savages flirted with queens, Topsys, ,
pages and peasants, while the übiqui
tous tramp and the almond-eyed China
man afforded amusement for the on
lookers in the gallery.
Among the most attractive new cos
tumes was the voting booth lady, who
wore a mimic house on hex head and had
a dress made of election cards. Her get
up was unique and up-to-date and at
tracted much attention. The success of
the ball was largely due to the untiring
efforts of J. B. Garland, Henry Peard, i
James Thomey and E. A. Fischer of the |
committee on arangements, while
Charles Kapp and James Kilday of the
reception committee and Rudy I'ishback.
Fred Maillot and T. R. Olynn of the floor
committee gave material aid in carrying j
it to a pleasurable conclusion.
FREE EXHIBITION
OF ART TREASURES
CHOICE COLLECTION OF DANISH
PAINTINGS.
Culled From the Best Works of Ferdi
nand Rickardt — Now on Exhibi
tion at the California
Hotel.
In the banquet hall of the California
Hotel there Is on exhibition a collection
of paintings by Ferdinand Rlckardt.
These paintings comprise all the unsold
works of this Danish artist and are to be
sold at auction on Wednesday and Thurs
day, October 2'"> and 27.
Mr. Leutholtz, the owner of the collec
tion, says they must be sold and let us
hope that some public spirited Individual
may purchase one or more of the paint
ings for the public galleries in San Fran
cisco. It Is not often that the opportunity
presents itself to purchase such paintings
as are shown In this collection.
Mr. Rlckardt was commissioned by
King Oscar of Sweden to decorate the
royal palace at Stockholm. Besides he
was commissioned to paint certain his
toric and picturesque scenes in Sweden.
One of the finest paintings in the col
lection was painted at this time. It shows
the palace of Bjorkholm on a peninsula
In the distance, and with the sunset light.
The artist is particularly happy In his dis
tant effects and In this Instance has
caught all the charm of early evening
with the human sentiment of the palace
home.
There are other paintings which Califor
nlans may appreciate more, taken from
views in our own State. There is one
painted after the Dutch school in gray
greens, a scene on Clear Lake. Another
of Austin Creek, in Sonoma County, with
cattle in the foreground and the restful,
oak-covered hills on every side. This is
one of the finest in technique in the entire
collection for the perspective in the fore
ground is in perfect range with the dis
tance of the hills.
All the silence and desolation of the
Santa Cruz Mountains Is in a small land
scape. The majesty of the Redwoods,
with particularly well done sunshine
slanting through the trees. Is In a larger
cun\
\V. K. Vanderbllt commissioned Mr. Rich
ard) to come to America and make for
him some paintings of Niagara Falls.
There are some of his best from this sub
ject in the collection.
Mr. Rickardfs style Is in some of the
paintings of the old school and rather
fiat in comparison with his later works.
A3 in the works of every great artist
some of his pictures are insignificant. but
In this collection are at least a dozen
truly great ones. The pictures are on ex
hibition at the California Hotel and will
more than repay a visit.
■ ♦ ■
FORCED TO ACT.
Segregation of City Funds Agreed
Upon.
The Finance Committee of the Board
of Supervisors has suddenly cha
front regarding the Introduction of the
long delayed resolution segregating the
funds of the various departments of the
city government and to-morrow, accord
ing to Supervisor Devany, will bring the
matter before the board for action.
"It was all a mistake thai the resolu
tion was nut presented before," explained
Mr. Devany t<> a Call reporter. "1 am
a member of the Finance Committee and
know whereof I speak. Probably the
cU-rk overlooked it at tin- last meeting."
The explanation of the new attitude of
the committee Is found, however, in the
publication of a recent article in The Call
calling attention to the nmarkable delay
in segregating the funds. Tills delay oc
casioned much comment around the city
buililing. and It was openly charged that
there was jobbery behind it.
At to-morrow's session of the board
Mayor I'helan will present another veto
covering the September bills of the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company, for
gas charged at $15,352 and electric lights
at $.W>s. The reason assigned for the
veto Is substantially the same as that
given In former vetoes of gas and elec
tric bills, vis., that the contract is illegal.
An Artist to Lecture.
By special Invitation J. Kahler will lec
ture before the Men's Club of the
Good Samaritan Mission. Second and Fol
som streets, on Wednesday evening next
on "How Great Newspapers Are Illus
trated " The artist will demonstrate be
fore the audience the methods by which
pictures are made. Mr. Kahler's merit
and reputation in the profession assure a
most enjoyable and protltable evening.
The public is Invited.
Criminals Up for Sentence.
George Wood?, convicted of simple as
sault, was sentenced to thirteen months"
Imprisonment In the County Jail and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
The State. Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
M^monl Institute. Fort Wayne. Ind. It
2Ssd°w man men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
Buffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute ha! decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakner 1 resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varlco-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home. ... . , ,
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it Is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess In all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building. Fort Wayne, Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great claa»
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to. see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual . weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man -j
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a plain package so ]
that its recipient need have no fear of i
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
fined $500 by Jud^e Cook yesterday. John
Pichetti, who looted J. W. Lewis' drug
store and was convicted of petty larceny,
was sentenced to six months in the Coun
ty Jail. "William Carson, convicted of an
attempt at burglary In the second degree,
and Joseph Connollv, convicted of bur-
Slary in the second degree, were each
given a term of one year In San Quentin.
William Hanson, charged with having
picked a purse contaJnlng $1 20 from a
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EXHIBITION
OF —
VALUABLE PAINTINGS.
IN THE BANQUET HALL OF THE
California Hotel, 416 Bush St, S. F.
Take Elevator to Eighth Floor.
EVERT DAT FROM 2 TO 5 O'CLOCK P. M.
AUCTION SALE
OF THE SAME,
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 26TH, AND THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27TH, 1?»S.
To Commence at 2 o'clock p. m. and at 7:20 o'clock Evenings.
"We will sell the Entire Gallery of the late FERD RICKARDT'S PAINTINGS.
They must be sold without regard to value.
H. J. LRTTHOLTZ, Auctioneer.
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
SACRAMENTO. July 30th. 1838.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at Its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January, A. D. 1897,
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
i of the two houses of said Legislature voting
in favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
i State of California, to-wlt:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
■ (Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
41.)
! A resolution to propose to the people of the
! State of California an amendment to section
I eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
I tion, In relation to revenue and taxation, by
I which It is proposed to amend said section to
I read as follows:
■ Section IS. No county, city, town, township,
i board of education or school district shall In-
i cur any Indebtedness or liability in any man-
■ ncr or for any purpose exceeding In any year
the income and revenue provided for it for
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
I of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
I election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
! less before, or at the time of incurring such
Indebted provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
I the Interest on such Indebtedness as it falls
due and also provision to constitute a sinking
! fund for the payment of the principal thereof
! on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
! same: provided, however, that the City and
1 County of San Francisco may at any time pay
i the unpaid claims with Interest thereon for
' materials furnished to and work done for said
: city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
I revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
: vided that any and all claims for making, re-
I pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
; for any material furnished for any street, lane,
1 alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
i struction of any sewer or sewers in said city
I and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
i visions of this section; and In determining any
■ claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
! statute of limitations shall apply In any man-
I ncr; and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo. in Solano County, may pay its exist-
i Ing Indebtedness incurred in the construction
| of its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
! electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any Indebted-
' ness or liability Incurred contrary to this pro-
i vision with the exception hereinbefore recited,
! shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
' Btate of California an amendment to the Con-
■ stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
i tion to be known and designated aa section
I •even and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
i viding for the framing by the Inhabitants of
i counties of local county government acts for
I their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section 74. The inhabitants of any county
may frame' a county government act for their
! own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State.
I by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
I have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
' eral or special election, whose duty It shall be
1 within ninety days after such election, to pre-
I pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed In dupli-
; cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the' Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
shall then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or If there be
not two such papers, then In one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication It shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county at a general or special election, and If
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same. It shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for Its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall In such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act. and
all amf-ndments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act. certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting forth the submission of . such . county
government act to the electors, and Its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made In duplicate and
deposited one In the office of the Secretary of
•State the other, after being recorded in the
office' of the Recorder of Deeds In the county,
amone the archives of the county.
All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended, at Intervals of not less than two
"',!!, by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
niiPllfied electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
In s. newspaper of general circulation In such
count? and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
in submitting any such county government act
nnv alternative article or proposition may be
presented for the choice of the voters and may
le voted on separately without prejudice to
cr shall be competent in all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
Sill section to provide for the manner In
which the times at which, and the terms for
whtch'the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed: for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
and for the compensation payable to each of
ruch deputies, for the manner in which, the
time* in which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
Verted or appointed and for the constitution,
regulation compensation and government of
such bowels, and of their clerks and attaches:
aYso to prescribe the manner and method by
which all election* by the people shall be con-
ducted: and may In addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate In any primary election.
Whenever any county has. In the manner
and method herein pointed out. adopted any
county government act. and the same shall
have been approved by the Legislature as
«forein!d the direction of sections four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
nf a Vyitew of county governments throughout
?he State and likewise providing for the elec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the reiru-
liUon of their compensation, shall not apply
Raid county government act shall, as to any of
fhe mnUrrs herelnahove provided for and de-
clared by such county, government act. not he
Subjpct to any law or amendment enacted by
ii,. T oeUlnture except by amendment first
iuhmftVed tn "the electors and ratified in the
manner herelnabove set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to the people of the
state of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of tiic State, by adding a new section.
tn be known and designated as section five and
one-half, article six. thereby providing, for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as The Court of Claims shall con-
Section 5H The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Sup-rlor Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at' the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, under such
lawn as may be parsed by the Legislature, and
Its judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
lows:
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the Second Monday of March;
In the City . and County of San , Francisco,
commencing .on the second • Monday in July,
and - .
Is the City of Sacramento, commencing on
woman's pocket, pleaded guilty to a
charge of grand larceny. Sentence will
be passed next Saturday.
A feature of the population statistics
of Western Australia is the large pro
j portion of males to females. The dis
: parity is maintained in the arrivals by
sea. At present there are forty-five
females to every 100 males.
l!lf •»^ond Monday of November of each yew,
receive 5? holding such term of court shall
Ih»1i ? extra compensation therefor, but
on? of re th elV * thelr ctual "Pensps. to be paid
out of the general fund of the State treasury,
to o££« tvr V h a" enact all laws necessary
cpdnrf tK Ze Sucn court, to provide the pro-
or dd t UU h r .s t h ecUoL and t0 C<UTT ° Ut the *«"»»»«■
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
. No. 37.)
Stated r«'n? t0 °P° Be to the people of the
«tiM,tM Call £ 0"» l& an amendment to the Con-
i stitut.nn of the State, amending article eleven.
!«* .»■;?< c a new sect 'on thereto, to be known
!1. °° number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. The
said proposed new section to read as follows: .
section 5^;.. The provisions of sections four
and five of this article shall not, nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply »o
any consolidated city %nd county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
nave become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under section
j eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
c 5f A ,i" eS ? £ lon , to ProP oB * to the people of the
ate of California an amendment of section
: nrteen and section sixteen of article five of the
I Constitution of the State of California, by
: which it is proposed to amend said sections to
| read as follows:
I Section 15. a Lieutenant Governor shall be
! elected at the same time and place and In the
! same manner as the Governor, and his term of
; office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the Impeachment of
i the Governor, or his removal from office, death,
| inability to discharge the powers and duties of
his office, resignation or absence from the
t-tate. the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
residue of the tPrm, or until the disability sha.l
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor be
impeached, displaced, resign, die or become In-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy in the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy In the
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall be
filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER GIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 35.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
six. article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which it Is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall In-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall Include schools organized In a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand Inhabitants, In
which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific department of the Univer-
! sity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 84.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, in rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which it
la proposed to amend said section to read a*
follows:
Section I. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
In the Interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
In session for .twenty-five days,, after which It
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty,
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fall to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete its
session. No pay shall be allowed to member*
for a longer period than seventy-five - J*y», s-nl
no bill shall be Introduced la either nous* ex*
cert at the first twenty -fire days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of the
members thereof.
NOW, THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors foe
their approval," approved March 7. A. D. ISB3.
the above-described proppsed amendments are
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at . the election to be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER I*. A. D. IS9S.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows: .
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express his
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One. being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francleco. and
the existing Indebtedness of the City Tea
of Vallejo for the construction of Its .
water works from the provisions of Ms
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the Income and reve-
nues of the year in which they were
Incurred). r~
For the Amendment? / .
Amendment Number Two. being Senate
Constitutional. Amendment No. 10 Tea
(providing for framing local county- -
government acts by inhabitants of No
counties for their government).
For the Amendment? v :
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- '
ate Constitutional Amendment No.
44 (providing for the creation of a
Ctourt of Claims to determine, claims Tee
against the State, and to consist of .
three Superior Judges designated by No
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation).
For the Amendment? I"
Amendment Number Four, being As- f ■
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 3* (exempting consolidated cities Te«
and counties, organized or to be or- .. r—
ganlzed. or holding a charter un- Urn
der the Constitution, from certain leg-,
lslation in relation to counties). |
For the Amendment? . -\
Amendment Number Five, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor, Tea
providing for succession thereto In .
certain cases and removing disability- Na
• of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term).
For the Amendment? V
Amendment Number Six. being Assem- f
bly Constitutional Amendment No. SS Tee
i (relating -to and defining Grammar- - . .
Schools). ■ ■ • I No
For the Amendment? \.
Amendment Number Seven, being As-
■ sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Tee
Legislature for not less than thirty- .
nor more than sixty days during each N«
session). . . , •". v -..; ; . .-
For the Amendment?
Witness my hand and the Great Seal of the
State of California, the day and year heret*
first a»»ove written. • . . „ ■
JAMES H. BUDD. Oove»nor.
Attest: L. H. BROWN, Secretary of State*
[SEAL.;
1516
MURDERED HIS SWEETHEART.
Dan O'Shea, an Engineer, Slays Julia Keeley Be
cause She Refused to Marry Him*
ANGERED ;u her refusal to
marry him and determined that
the woman * whom he so fondly
loved should not become the
wife of another man, Daniel
('Shea, , a steamship fireman,
last night shot and killed Julia Keeley,
a prepossessing young woman, who
was employed .as a domestic in the
Baldwin Hotel. The awful deed was
committed In a. lodging house at 1126
Howard street.
About eight months ago O'Shea met
his victim and fell desperately in love
with her. She seemed to have recip
rocated his affections and promised to
marry him as Boon as he secured
steady employment. Since then the
couple have been keeping company.
Recently O'Shea showed a disposition
to be jealous of the woman and fre
quently declared that he would kill her
unless she consented to become his
wife.
Shortly after 7 o'clock last evening
>!..-* Keeley left the Baldwin Hotel
to attend the services at St. Patrick's
Church on Mission street, near Third.
After leaving the church the unfortu
nate woman concluded to visit ncr
aunt, Mr?. Margaret Monahan, In
whose house the bloody crime was
committed. Scarcely had she ascend
ed the stairs when she met O'Shea,
who was standing in the doorway of
his room. He raised his hat to her
and asked her whether he could not
speak to her. Unconscious of her dan
ger Miss Keeley walked up to him
and asked him why he had not attend
ed the services at the church. He re
plied that he was not feeling well, and
Invited her into his room.
After explaining that she was anx
ious to see Mrs. Monahan, the unfor
tunate woman was in the act of walk-
Ing away, when O'Shea quickly drew
a 38-caliber Smith & Wesson revolver
from his hip pocket and fired at his un
suspecting victim. The bullet entered
the head, causing instant death.
O'Shea, with the smoking pistol in
his hand, stood over the body for a
few seconds, and as if determined to
shield himself he carried it into his
room. After securely locking the door
of his room he again picked up the
body and placed it on the bed.
The report of the pistol shot at
tracted the attention of the landlady,
who started an investigation. While
she was trying to ascertain the cause
of the shooting she heard two more
shots, which were fired in rapid suc
cession. Going to O'Shea's room she
rapped for admittance.
"Who is there?" inquired O'Shea, aa
he toyed with the bolt on the door.
"Let me in," demanded Mrs. Mona
han, "or I will call the police."
O'Shea, with the smoking pistol still
In his hand, partly opened the door.
Seeing Mrs. Monahan, he remarked:
"Well. I did It; I have murdered
Julia."
Mrs. Monahan lost no time in noti
fying Policeman Owen, who placed
O'Shea under arrest. When the offi
THE ORPHEUM REACHING OUT.
President Morris Meyerfeld Jr. Tells
of His Eastern Trip.
Morris Meyerfeld Jr., president of the
Walter Orpheum Company, returned from
his Eastern trip last night. When Mr.
Meyerfflfl went East a few we*ks ago
he announced that it was his intention to
Invade the Eastern fields and establish
one <<r more Orpheums there. Last night
he said:
"Within sixty days the Orpheum cir
cuit will have four new houses exclusive
ly for our own. for I have arranged for
Orpheums in Denver. Omaha, C. iclnnati
and St. Louis, and I have completed ar
rangements for the opening of the Olym
pia as a playhouse. This move gives the
Orpheum a strong position in the theatri
cal world, and it makes the Orpheum cir
cuit the greatest vaudeville combination
Jn the world, as we have now seven
houses of our own, with booking connec
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AWFUL
Eighteen Months Old Baby Had
Rash on Shoulder for Two
Years Causing: Intense Suf- '
; fering:. Would Scab Over,
■ Break Open and Be Raw.
Several Doctors and Reme-
dies Tried. Efforts Fruitless.
Cured by CUTICURA.
My sister had this rash come on her shoulder
when she was about eighteen months old. It
was there about two years causing her intense
suffering. Wo had several different doctors,
tried everything that we could think of, and
that every one could suggest without effect-
Ing a cure. In spite of all we did it kept
spreading. One day it would scab over and
then crack open and a watery matter ooze
from it and the scabs would all fall off. It
would be raw for a time, then scab over a train .
Someone recommended Cuticuka Remedies.
We immediately procured a box of Ccticoha
(ointment), a cake of Ccticcra Soap, then
tried the Ccticcra Resolvent, and before
the bottle was half gone we taw a marked
change, and by the time it was gone, she was
entirely cured without a scar being left. She
Is now twelve years old, and has not had a
pimple or sign of blood trouble since.
Feb. 18, '98. Miss LILLIE CHASE, Bristol, Vt.
ToßTrxtxa Dispioqbiso Eczema, and every species
Of Itching, burning, scaly, crusted, and pimply skin and
scalp diseases, with dry, thin, and falling hair, Instantly
relieved and speedily cured by warm baths with Cgti-
ci-ba Boaf. gentle tnnlntiag* with Cdticora, purest of
emollient skin cures, and mild doses of Cuticuka Resold
tut, greatest of humor cures, when all else falls.
Bold thronghou t the world. , Pott*« Decs axd (run,
Oo«r., Bole Props.. Botton. „ ,
«T ' How to Curt I£y«t7 BvaoT," mail** ft*. _^
cer entered the room O'Shea was
standing over the lifeless body of his
victim, begging her to speak to him.
"I did not kill her," he declared when
asked why he had murdered the young
woman. "If she could only speak she
would tell you that I am innocent."
Detective Tom Ryan appeared on
the scene at this Juncture and es
corted O'Shea to the City Prison.
where he was charged with murder.
He refused to make a statement, ex
cept to say that he had not shot Miss
Keeley.
On a table in the room in which the
awful crime was committed were two
notes, which were written by O'Shea
ami which showed that he intended to
commit suicide after killing the
woman. They were written on Palace
Hotel letter-heads, a number of which
were found in his room. One of them
was adressed to the sister of the dead
woman Informing her of his contem
plated crime and asking her not to
wear mourning, as it was not becom
ing to her.
O'Shea presented a sorry spectacle
when led Into the City Prison by
Detective Ryan. He was pale and
trembling, and could scarcely utter
his name when asked for it.
After he was taken in custody he
told Detective Ryan that his revolver
was lying on the table In his room,
and, as Miss Keeley entered, she
picked It up. Thinking she intended
to shoot herself he seized her and
proceeded to take the weapon from
her. In the struggle that followed it
was exploded, the bullet striking her
In the head, causing Instant death.
O'Shea was at a lofs to explain how
three chambers of the revolver were
emptied and that a similar number
of shots were heard by the landlady.
Mrs. Monahan, the dead girl's aunt,
is convinced that O'Shea had intend
ed to kill himself after murdering his
victim, but at the lost moment his
courage failed him.
tinns with over thirty others. The Den
ver and Omaha houses will open at once,
with the St. Louis and Cincinnati Orphe
ums to follow. As the circuit is now ar
ranged it will only be necessary to play
artists one week in each house, except it
may be in the case of some extraordi
narily strong cards.
"It may be of interest to theater goers
here to know that they will soon have
an opportunity to s*-e at the Orpheum
such people as Pauline Hall, Beatrice
■foreland and company, Flo Irwin and
company, Francesca Redding and com
pany, Raymond Moore, the balladist; Ca
milla Vrso, the famous violinist; Julius
P. Wittmark, George Fuller Golden. Pa
plnta In her great new act. Rose Bye
tinge and William Bainbrldge, Milton and
Dolly Nobles, and a whole string of oth
ers that I have booked.
"In addition to the above American
acts I have arranged for the entire cir
cuit a great number of European acts,
which include Paul Hatty's bears, Rappo
Sisters, Monsieur Rofix, the great Craig
family, Twins Marco, the six Arhras;
Kara and Clnquevalll, the greatest jug
glers on earth; the- Allison troupe, Mon
trose Troupe, the eight Pichianru Sisters,
Mouliere Sisters. Pottlngcr's Lady Sex
tet, Max Renard and his dogs and cats,
Walenda's dogs, Mile. Banna's lllliputian
dogs, Kosikv's dog theater, Pramlis' Ma
rionettes, Three Milons, Eight Royal As
cot Girls, and the Three Wallenda Sis
ters (water queens.)"
Snowshed Gloom Relieved.
Travelers • who recently have passed
over the Sierras say the railroad com
pany has a force of men reconstructing
the sides of the snowsheds, which, since
the road commenced operation, have
marred thf> scenic pleasure of a trip over
the mountains. The boards where the
landscape is most attractive have been
removed from their horizontal position in
front of the windows, and are replaced
by vertical battens placed some distance
apart. With this new arrangement, while
moving at an average rate of speed, the
passengers can enjoy an almost unob
structed view of the surroundings.
Reception to Mrs. Kinne.
Lincoln Relief Corps No. 2, W. R. C, at
Its last meeting tendered a reception to
Mrs. d'A. Klnne. past department presi
dent, who recently returned from an ex
tended visit East. Mrs. Klnne was wel
comed by Mrs. Edith M. Comstock, presi
dent of the corps, after which she pre
sented to her. on behalf of the corps, a
large bunch of American Beauties*, held
together by the national colors of the
W R. C. After thnt followed a short
programme which was much enjoyed, and
then refreshments wore served.
Balloon Ascension and Concert.
There will be a free entertainment at
Glen Park, the Mission Zoo, to-day.
Professor Hagal, the celebrated aero
naut, will make a trial trip in the new
balloon, "The Glen Park." He will
also make a parachute Jump.
There will be music" by the Fourth
Cavalry band.
An elaborate programme is being
prepared for the 30th inst.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Mary I. Savage has sued Jeremiah
Ravage for a divorce, alleging failure to
provide as a cause of action. Suits for
divorce on the ground of cruelty have
been n.ed by Maud Parrish against Wal
ter N. Parrish and Grace H. Dunnhy
against W. F. Dunphy. Clara Ar no/fast
alleges that Jacob Arbogast has failed to
provide her with the common necessaries
of life, and she asks for a divorce on
that around.
THE SAINT FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1898.
"Shortly after 7 o'clock," remarked
Mrs. Monahan, when telling the story
of the murder, "O'Shea walked into
the kitchen and spoke about Miss
Keeley. He seemed to he Jealous of
her, but refrained from giving me an
inkling of the horrible crime he was
about to commit. Before leaving me
he asked that ho ho awakened at S:3O
o'clock, as he had some important
business to attend to.
"I knew my niece would visit me,
as she promised to come as soon aa
the services at the church were over.
I heard her walk upstairs, and, as
she did not go to the kitchen, I con
cluded that O'Shea had Intercepted
her.
"A few minutes later a shot rang?
out, followed by two more in oulck
succession. I straightway went to
O'Shea's room, fearing that he had
killed her. Then I asked him to open
the door. He refused; but evidently
knowing that I was determined to gain
an entrance, he appeared. Seeing my
poor niece lying on the floor in the
cold embrace of death, I at once in
formed the police.
"Some time ago," she continued,
"Julia and O'Shea. attended the Irieh
Fair. He became offended at her at
tentions to another man, and since
then he has been insanely jealous of
her. They had been keeping com
pany for about eight months, and
during that time he frequently asked
her to marry him. She refused, aa he
was not engaged In any regular em
ployment. After thinking the mat
ter over, she finally consented to be
come his wife, providing he secured
steady work. Her sister, who lives in
San Jose, wrote, her that she would
be here next week. O'Shea. when he
learned of the Intended visit of her
lister, seemed perturbed, as he feared
that the latter would influence Julia
not to have anything further to do
with him.
"This is the only reason I can at
tribute for the horrible crime."
THE SAPLING RACE.
Coursing at Union Park — Result of
the Run-Down.
At Union Park yesterday the result of
the day's sport was as follows:
Sapling stake, the run down — Mlhs Richmond
hpat Golden Rod; Santa Rita beat Mary Ann;
Typhoon beat Hot Haste; Winning Lassie beat
Silence; Santiago beat Mlcter Crest; Santa
Ana hpat Rock Island King: Santa Inez beat
St. Klmo; Misa Rabbit beat Maggie N.
1 rpen ctake, the run down— l>as I'almas beat
Newaboy; Brandy and Boda beat Ace of Dia
monds; Mf-rced (lat- Bendigo) bent Gossoon;
Sylvanus beat Tic Tac; Wild Tralee beat Doug
las; Irma (late Metaj beat Commodore; I-it-
Hp iv-light rrf-at Black Patti; Jersey Lily beat
Mystery; Montana boat Rose of Tralee; High
land Kail beat Kmeral.l; Thornhil! beat X js»
bud; Theron beat Sky; Ruole beat Hunfonl; Van
Cloi beat T'ocahontan; Ixrene beat Master Mc-
Gregor; Victor King beat Capadura; Right
Bower beat lightning; Swlnnerton beat Madge
Wildfire; Menlo beat Galloway Lasß; Hlack
ettp beat Farewell; Chartist beat Wayfarer;
Ace of Clubs heat Report; The Devil beat Bur
lington; Rusty Gold heat Bonfire; Moonlight
bent Riot Act; McKlnley beat Philippine; Rock
Island Boy beat Laurel wood: Firm Friend bfnt
Arab; Royal Flush beat Peaceful Glen; Trinket
beat D:ii.«y De&n; Santa Alicia beat Sir Mar
rnion; Magic beat Ruth Anhmore; Glenetone
beat Crusader; Joy Bells beat Hercules; Van
Knapp beat Little Doubt; Left Bower beat
Miller's Maid.
BOTKIN CASE CONTINUED.
Writ of Habeas Corpus Will Be De-
cided Next Monday Afternoon.
Next Monday at 2 p. m. Mrs. Cordelia
Botkin will know whether or not she will
be extradited to Delaware to stand trial
for the alleged murder of Mrs. John P.
Dunning and Mrs. J. D. Deane. On that
date Judge Cook and associates will de
cide her petition for a writ of habeas
corpus. It was pxpoctod that a decision
in the matter would be reached yester
day, but, as the opinion of -the court in
bank had not yet been prepared, a post
ponement was taken. The accused was
produced in court at 10 o'clock. Judge
Cook took tho bench and announced that
the court would not be ready to decide
the case until Monday, and Mrs. Botkin,
accompanied by Dectectlve Seymour, left
the courtroom and returned to her apart
ment in the City Prison.
War Tax.
It is the opinion of nine-tenths of the
bankers and other business men of the
country that the stamp tax on checks
will remain In force many years, and
perhaps permanently. It is a popular tax,
convenient to collect and difficult to re
peal. In view of this and the further
fact that our Government has settled
upon a policy of territorial expansion and
naval construction the opinion is well
founded.
The last civil war stamp tax on checks
remained about twenty years. This will
probably remain as long, so quit licking
stamps and have your checks made and
the stamps printed on by the Union
Lithograph Company, Government li
censee for the imprinting of stamps, 323
Sansome stroet. •
Park Music.
The Park Band, weather permitting, will
render the following programme to-day at the
park, commencing at 2 p. m.:
I March, "Charlatan" Sousa
Overture, "Unßarische Lustspiel" Bela
Selection, "Cloches de Cnrneville" .. ..Planquette
i Mazourka rie Concert, "La Czarlne" (Janne
, "Musical Review" lUviere
"FackPltanz Number Three" Meyerbeer
Xylophone Solo (selected) William Forner
Selection, "The Serenade" Herbert
Waltz, "Sobre las Olas" Rosas
March, "Pewey'e Victory" Lee Johnson,
THE BOXMAKERS
HAVE MADE A
COMBINATION
Prices Will Be Raised
in Two Months.
SPRUCE AND PINE GOODS
HOW THE TRADE HAD BEEN AP
PORTIONED BY THE POOL.
Figures Fixed for Certain Places.
Rival Factories in Oregon
Had to Be Taken
Into Camp.
The newest thing in lines monopolistic
is a box combine, and by tho first of the
coming year its influence will be felt the
length and breadth of California. The
prices of all kinds of wooden boxes will
be raised soon after December 1.
Negotiations to this end have been
pending for some time past and now all of
the preliminary arrangements have been
made by the many manufacturers of
boxes. So far the movement has been
kept secret, and it is safe to say that its
publicity will cause no little alarm among
those who are obliged to use wooden
boxes in order to handle different manu
factured products and fruit.
The cut-throat policy of northern box
manufacturers is what led to the form
ing of the combine, and the recent his
tory of this trade is of more than passing
interest, especially to those who come di
rectly or indirectly with the Injxmakers.
In the first place the trade is divided, a
part making boxes of pine lumber and a
part of spruce. The former are many and
aro scattered all over the State. All of
these companies were combined in what
Is known as the Pine Box Manufacturers'
Agency, with an office in the Crocker
building, over which G. X. Wendllng pre
sides as the manager. This is an old
organization and its members have hung
together well. While the pine box makers
get their material from the forests of
California, the spruce box makers aro
obliged to rely upon the timber of Oregon,
Washington ana British Columbia.
For some time past the local spruce box
trade has been killed by the persistent
competition of the boxma'kers K>cuted in
Portland. Xbe northern people would
ship the goods to this city lv "'snooks"
or bundles and the, boxes would be assem
bled here. The facilities for getting out
the material in the north were so favor
able that there was no trouble for the
Portland folks to cut the prices of the
manufactured articles down to such fig
ures that the makers of this city were al
most driven out of the business. This
could not last forever, so the local box
makers, consisting of the American Box
Factory, the Pacific Box Factory, the
Grays Harbor Commercial Company,
llob'bs. Wall & Co., and the Clatsop Mill
Company, decided to combine. This was
done, the pool taking the name of the
Spruce Package Company. Mr. Euler of
the American Pox Factory and J. F. C
Hobbs of Hobbs, Wai! Ar Co. were the
most active workers in effecting the new
combine. As soon us the organization
was effected, three of its most f;dthful
and brightest managers and agents were
sent to the north to turn the tide of
northem-mado boxes that were flooding
the San Francisco and California markets.
These gentlemen were: J. R. Carrick
of the Pacific Box Factory, L. H. Pier
son of the Grays Harbor Commercial
Company and Mr. Klnney of the Clatsop
Mill Company. Soon after the Multno
mah and the Portland box factories en
tered into the agreement. The Portland
people Insisted upon good terms and got
them. Those were the conditions made,
and which stand to-day.
The Portland firms were not to send
their goods into San Francisco nor were
they to make or attempt to make prices
In this city. For this concession the
Spruce Package Company agreed to pur
chape from the subsidized firms boxes In
snooks amounting to one million reet
each, or two million feet from both, per
year. With these two big Oregon fac
tories out of the San Francipro market,
the backbone of northern competition was
virtually broken. But the northern box
makers were not the only rival* in busi
ness that the Spruce Package Company
had to deal with. While the Pine Box
Manufacturers' Agency did not compete
very strongly for San Francisco trade, it
had the lion's share of the country trade.
With the exception of a few bay counties.
BUCh as Napa. Sonoma. Santa Clara, etc.,
it had full swing on the magnificent trade
of the orange growers in the south, the
prap<- ami raisin producers of Fresno, the
orcnardists of the north and the butter
makers along the coast. In the bay coun
ties named it was a case of fight for the
trade, with a preference for the pine
g 'i'-'or "a short time after the spruce box
makers effected their combination tne
rival pools eyed earh other with suspicion.
Each recognized that the other was a
power and if they should compete for the
trade 'it would be a case of dog eat dog,
and mighty poor picking for either In a
Short flme. Hence the combine. Of
course there were conditions in this con
tract ' fine is that the pine box people
shall keep out of San Francisco, giving to
the spruce parties an enormous trade.
The apportionment of the trade of the
coast while of much concern to the pub
lic ' is insignificant as compared to the
last clause of the agreement, to whi.-h all
of the combine have subscribed, namely
the prices. So far, the prices have not
been fixed, but this much has been decid
ed—that the nrst of the new year there
will be a general raise all along the line,
and those who are obliged to use boxes
for any purpose whatever will have to pay
what "is asked, no matter how hard the
cinch may draw.
MRS. CRANE'S BODY RECOVERED
The Lady Perished on the 111-Fated
Steamer Moflegan.
A dispatch from New York to Edwin
g Tucker of this city confirms the state
ment that Mrs. Sophia C. Crane of Santa
Cruz County was among those drowned
on the 111-fated steamer Mohegan that
was wrecked on the English coast a week
ago. The message comes from one of
the sons of the unfortunate woman, and
"Mother's body found and Identi
fied. Please notify papers so that friends
will k J}°Jv ONARD ALFRED CRANE."
For a time there was some doubt as to
whether or not Mrs. Crane had gone on
the Mohegan, but the message from the
son shatters all hope of her friends on.
this coast. The family will have the body
brought back to this State for interment.
Mrs. Crane had a large circle of friends
and not a few relatives in California. She
was the mother of Mrs. Wallace R. Far
rington, a newspaper editor In Honolulu.
Her two sons. Frank H. and Leonard A.
Crane, went with her to New York. Mrs.
Cranes sister is the wife of ex-Judge
Nye of Oakland. For years the lady's
home was in the Santa Cruz mountains.
Hearst and the Marshal.
Up to the close of office hours yester
day the United States Marshal had not
succeeded in finding W. K. Hearst to
serve upon him the papers in the suit of
A. L. McDonald vs. W. ft- Hearst claim-
Ing $82,729 damages for stealing McDon
ald's map of the Klondike and publishing
it In the Examiner. Yet Hearst was eas
ily accessible to persons who called at his
office to see him on business. Clerk Far
lsh stated in reply to a question that Mr.
McEnerney had promised to produce Mr.
Hearst in a day or two and that he would
allow the papers to be served on him.
Benefit for Old Ladies.
An entertainment for the benefit of the
University Mound Old Ladles 1 Home will
he piven at Pioneer Hall on Thursday
evening, October 27. The home was built
by James Lick, but he placed no endow
ment at its disposal. Until four years
ago the State rendered it material aid,
but since that time It has become self-sup
porting, and the present financial condi
tion is such that, unless something can
be done to better it. the thirty poor, age
stricken inmates will be driven from a
comfortable home and from shelter, lne
ladies appeal to the people to assist them
in raising sufficient funds to keep life in
the institution and avert the painful re
sults of turning the aged inmates from
the home.
Asthma, bronchitis, catarrh cureguarant'd. Dr.
Gordin, Sanitarium. 514 Pine, nr. Kearny, S.F. Cal.
WIDBER WAS NOT SEZITENCED.
A Motion for a New Trial Delays Pro-
ceeaings a Week.
Augustus C. Widber was not sentenced
yesterday by Judge Cook. As expected
a motion for a new trial was interposed
by the prisoner's counsel, and the court
postponed sentence for one week. In the
meantime the court jsvill decide upon the
merits of the motion, and in event it is
found wanting sentence will be passed.
In such event the case will then be car
ried to the Supreme Court.
When Wldber's case was called the
prisoner, in obedience to the court's order,
stood up to receive sentence, but, as his
attorney, Edgar Peixotto, rose to make
the motion for a new trial, he took his
seat.
The petition avers that the Jury took
cognizance of statements and evidence
that was refused admittance by the
court; that the court misdirected the
jury; that the jury was guilty of mis
conduct and that new evidence, favorable
to the accused, had been discovered. A_n
affidavit wus presented signed by E. C.
Palmer, Constable of Walnut Creek,
Contra Costa County, stating that affiant
was present when Widber was arrested
and noticed that he was apparently under
the Influence of drugs. He also advised
the prisoner not to make any statement
for publication, but to make a statement
to the authorities on reaching this city.
On these grounds a new trial is asked,
but whether or not It will be granted
remains to be seen.
NO ILLS CAME
IN ITS TRAIN
UNLUCKY THIRTEEN NO HOO
DOO TO THE CORINTHIANS.
The Club Celebrating Its Thirteenth
Anniversary After Its Most
Successful Year.
The Corinthian Yacht Club is celebrat
ing its thirteenth anniversary, and in
spite of the number (unlucky thirteen) it
is proving the most successful ever given
by that popular organization. The club
house was crowded yesterday afternoon
with ladies and gentlemen from the city,
friends of the members, and in the even
ing the 5 and 6:30 o'clock boats brought
over crowds of yachtsmen. Jollity and
good fellowship reigned, and everything
went off without a hitch.
"Jack" O'Brien had charge of the jinks,
and in saying that the affair was the
"most successful" ever given by the club
leaves nothing to be said in regard to his
ability as a manager. He wa« ably sec
onded by Port Captain John Keefe and
« tommodore Westeriteld.
Among those present were Commodore
Westerneld, Vice-Commodore Thorne,
Secretary I.athrvp, Treasurer Barrett,
John \V. Pew, John Short, "Jack"
O'Brien, "Joe" O'Brien, "King" O'Brien,
"Jo. 1 Tracey, W. Howe, J. Cosgrove, J.
Cathcart, D. I'Hommedleu, F. Thornton,
"Keegen" Schober, R. Morrow, E. Angelo.
E. Lyons, H. Denhardt, "Doc" Eranmns,
i; vVoolrifh. "Dugy" Erskine, Bates
Jones, J. Hamilton, T. Ransome, G. Ran
some, Dave Williamson, J. Matoon, Joe
Emmanuel, J. Stack, L. O. Havin, J.
Savory.
Anchored off the clubhouse were the
yachts Aeolus, Truant. Edna, Pride, Clara,
Secret. Emma. Speedwell, Elia, Emelie.
Queen, Harpoon, Nereid, Mlgnon, Rover,
uerope, Thelma, Clsne, Ceres, Sappho,
Juanita and many others. They were all
decorated with lanterns and presented a
very picturesque appearance as they
danced to the fresh southerly swell that
came rolling in during the early part of
the evening.
In all there were over 500 yachtsmen
and their male friends in the assembly
hall when the curtain rose about 9 p. m.
on "A Vaudeville Spasm, or the Troubles
of Manager Cohen. In the cast were
Frank W. Thompson, Bob Mitchell, Jack
Cathcart, Dave McLaughlin, Ossie
Franks, Dave Finney and Ben Tarbox.
As Sir Pinkham Pennyroyal, an erstwhile
knight loaned for the occasion by the
Hopkins Institute of Art, Ben Tarbox
was very good, ai was also Bob Mitchell
as E. Perdval Horsecar, a tub racer of
English fame. The friends of the mem
bers of this aggregation should insist
upon hearing some of the funny stories
they told the audience at Tiburon last
night.
Eddie Angelo, Walter Crowell, Eddie
Banger and Walter Howe formed the
glee club from the senior class of the
Whittier Reform School. Walter Crow
ell's song, "My Beautiful Irish Maid,"
brought down the house.
The entertainment closed with a series
of Ptereopticon views of the days of '49.
Descriptive songs were sung by Messrs.
Angelo, Howe, Sanger and Thompson,
the "Hammam Quartet."
Borne of the yachtsmen and their
friends returned to the city on the freight
boat, but the majority of those who wit
nessed the performance remained at Tib
uron all night and spent the remainder
of the night on the yachts. They will
wind up the celebration to-night.
FRANK LESLIE'S POPULAR MONTHLY. 10 CENTS.
Immensely Improved. Superbly illustrated. Price
rut to 10 cents. Buy a copy to-day. Edition
limited. _
The Puebla In.
The City of Puebla arrived late last
night from Manila.
The Puebla leTt Manila September 21
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WOOL SHAWLS
All wool woven, forty inches square, in
pink, white, light blue, cardinal and black; also
some, thirty-four inches square, in white with
dainty colored silk stripes; these shawls are
actually worth 8$ cents each, but Monday
we offer them for
KA '
50c,
Curtain Swiss
For bedroom or sash curtains; forty inches wide—
handsomely bordered on both sides; at
10c
1 V/ V^t a yard.
We have just received a large assortment of novelties In
Oriental scarfs, drapes, table and cushion covers. These goods are
embroidered in rich colored silk and gold thread and will remain
bright for years. The prices are very reasonable.
Goods now on display in our teindoios,
125 to 131 Kcorny St.
BIIkETST
BEDSPREADS,
COMFORTERS!
Special Values This Week !
3 cases FINE WHITE BLANKETS, all pure wool, * bed
size $3.75 Pair
5 cases EXTRA SIZE WHITE BLANKETS, made from
Australian wool $6.00 Pair
4 cases FULL-SIZE MARSEILLES BEDSPREADS, both
white and colored, all hemmed $2.00 Each
2 cases EXTRA QUALITY ENGLISH MARSEILLES
BEDSPREADS (white only), very handsome de-
signs $3.50 Each
15 dozen EXTRA SIZE PRINTED SILKOLINE COM-
FORTERS, pure snowflake filling . .$1,50 Each
10 dozen FINE FRENCH PRINTED SATEEN COM-
FORTERS, white cotton filiing. $3.50 Each
EXTRA SPECIAL!
5 cases FINE WHITE BLANKETS, full size, SLIGHTLY
IMPERFECT, manufactured by the Golden Gate
Woolen Mills — . »
F»rice, $4.50 F>alr.
EXTRA SPECIAL!
6 dozen 8-4xB-4 REVERSIBLE TAPESTRY TABLE
COVERS, new colorings and heavy fringes —
$2.50 Each.
HI. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
and arrived 20 days out from Nagasaki.
She brought 20 passengers. She has on
board several trophies of Dewey s May
day victory. The uneventful passage
was varied by the crossing the line ini
tiations, which were duly performed b>
Father Neptune. Captain Goodall was
sick with la grippe nearly the whole of
the voyage. _
FOOTBALL AT PRESIDIO.
Oakland Wanderers Beaten by the
Soldier Players.
At the Presidio yesterday afternoon
the Oakland Wanderers met the Presidio
Association football team, and, though
they played hard to avert defeat, were
beaten by a score of three goals to noth
ing The Presidio team is composed of
troopers of the Fourth United States
During the first half the gatne was very
even but during the second the Presidio
men 'had the advantage, keeping the ball
well in their opponents 1 territory. The
Oakland Wanderer? weredecideclly lighter
than their opponents, but played well on
the ball. Sereeant Major Brooke of the
Fourth United States Cavalry officiated
as umpire.
The line-up was as follows:
Presidio. Position. Wanderers.
Walsh Goalkeeper Mig-non
Robertson Back ...Bradley
Nelson Back \on Helm
Barclay Left halfback McKenzio
Skinner Center halfback Barber
Hannum Right halfback Warren
Burnett Left forward Burley
I Smith Left forward C. Pomcrny
McEwen ...Center forward ..(C.) Hunter
Williamson Uisht forward — Chambers
Farrell Right forward Frickstad
Reserve Sel lander
BTTRNED IN HIS BOOM.
Chew Yung, a Chinese Cook, Meets
Iteath by Flames.
Chew Tung, a Chinese cook, aged SO
years, was burned to death in his room.
No. 13, at 823 Clay street, shortly after 3
o'clock last night.
Friends of the Chinaman say that h«
had been drinking, and ws subject to
fits when in an intoxicated condition. It
is believed that while in one of his fits
he overturned the coal oil lamp. The
flames spread rapidly, and, being seen by
a number of inmates of the house, they
blew their police whistles, attracting the
attention of C. A. Sears and C. S. Favor,
two guides, who rushed into the room
and extinguished the blaze.
The face of Chew Yung was burned to
a crisp, and the position of the body in
dicated that the man had died in great
agony.
At the Presidio.
The Aloha* and the Lilacs (Company M, I*,
C. C.) will play a irame of football this after
noon at the Presidio Athletic Grounds. The
elevens will line up as follows:
Alohas. Positions. Lilacs.
Reeves Center Sullivan
Clapp R— Guard— L _ Tiernan
Suetnich L — Guard — R Hornsman
Dolan R— Tackle— L Mclntyre
Thompson L— Tackle— R Flicke
Peters R— End— L Lynch
Stack L— End— R Swain
Harrold Quarter Cox
Thurston R — Half — L Gresty
Helen L— Half— R Long
Fanning Full Back Watklns
Germans weigh nearly lo pounds each
man more than Frenchmen.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Bff8888888S«889tlll
85 CASH OR LITTLB-AT-A-TIMB. *J
88 *S
88 ' {-'.■.. ■ ...t ©« $ <<<B "74T a
8s f /tJH^J » * X
: f JfiW I :
88 >r^ \
? A MAHOGANY ROMAN CHAIR, ®
** WITH VELOUR OR CORDUROY •»
85 BEAT; SPECIAL THIS WEEK. 85
2- $i.7S. 88
Last week was one of our very busy
88 weeks. Car after car of new goods *5
«t arrived. They are all unpacked now, «
•° ready for your inspection. You r» •»■
*8$ welcome to credit^ »
| J. NOON AN «
!l Complete House-Furnisher.
£ 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST., *
«> Above Sixth. *"
88 'Phone South 14. Open Evening*, J8
ttBBBBBBSB3ggigiBggSgiBS°3BSBSiB3
131 » FINE TAILORING
/^lSi%^ PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
JPtfS* 'Sak' WORKMANSHIP, at
' HviP^ 25 per cent Less than Other
r* Ol^r!* Tailors Charge, Go to
*FINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST Of
WORKMANSHIP, at
25 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go to
JOE POHEIM
/ iMp . All wool Suits to &JO m <tQK
/ fe| p > Order from ,J>lZ t0 4>oo
/ If @ Pants from ...s4to $ I 0
S j**i?'~-<ik§ t arid 203 Montgomery St..
844 and 846 Market Bt,
1110 and 1112 Market Bt, San Frtneiaot.KING OF THE SLEUTHS
__ R. WILLIAM A. PINKER
#T "1 TOX was engaged in his pri
f if vate office.
I f One of the several clerks
i fn his outer office gaye. me
% this information with a chair.
The others did not lift their
eyes from their ledgers or typewriters
or memoranda or whatever occupied
them at the moment of my entering the
room. ,-f
It was a very handsome and spacious
THE CALL SUNDAY Sunday Edition
room, one of a suite on the second floor
of the Crocker building. I could read
backward the gilt letters on the great
arched windows which announced to
the world without that this was an of
fice of the Pinkerton Detective Agency,
founded by Allan W. Pinkerton in the
year 1S50; that Its other offices were in
New York, Chicago, Boston, St. Louis,
St. Paul and Kansas City, "Portland,
Oregon, and a few other places; that its
correspondents were in all parts of the
world; that its Principals were Robert
A. Pinkerton and William A. Pinker
ton—sons of that famous Pinkerton the
first, whose pictured face, of the grim,
strong, granger type, high-boned, keen
eyed, clean-shaven to the beard
beneath the chin, hung on the
west wall of the room. Oppo
site hung the portrait of a young
and a very different looking man, and
this, although I did nr»t know it then,
was William A. Pinkerton, his son.
Beneath a windc/w stood the man
ager's desk, and before it stood the
manager. He was running busily
through some papers in his hand. There
was no sound In the place except the
rustling of these papers, the scratching
of pens, the tap-tap-tapping of type
writers, the light footfall, the subdued
tones of a 'clerk who left his desk to
consult with his superior and returned
quietly as he came.
There is an office stillness eloquent
above words of the Importance of vast
businesses. It belongs exclusively to
them. It is a quiet distinct and apart
from silence imposed on employes by
the starchiest of small shoppers and
little professionals. It is the actual dig
nity of the big enterprise which com
municates itself, perhaps without his
consciousness, to the least who serves
its needs.
You are impressed, solemnized by this
atmosphere at the Pinkerton Detective
Agency. It is as respectable as a bank.
bomehow you do not expect this.
There is no reason why you should not
There is no- real reason why you should
respect the detective less than the
criminal lawyer. If you are handling
crime what difference does it make
whether you pick it up by the head or
the tail? If you are stalking the crimi
nal what difference does it make
whether you run him into jail or onto
the gallows? Only it is not the real
but the imaginary differences which are
of the greatest importance in this world
and half the accepted facts in life are
standing without a,ny legs under them.
Society, which is more particular than
Just, admits the detective to her fearful
need. And so, for the matter of that,
she doea the hangman. But she does
not concede either of them to be quite
respectable. She sets the detective at
the stalking of her crimes and makes
it nip and tuck and toss a coin between
the hunter and his quarry. It is only
when her relatives are found mysteri
ously murdered in their beds or her
family plate and jewels are taken from
beneath her pillow while she sleeps that
she seeks to know what manner of man
he is. and then she goes about it as if
she were pawning her watch.
For myself, I never before thought of
the office side of detective work. I have
pictured the ferret of the law ever in
the act of ferreting. He has coursed
through my mind hot on the trail of
crime, disguised beyond recognition by
his own mother, schemes in his head,
handcuffs in his pocket, Bix-shootera
under his duster, transacting such busi
ness as he might have to transact other
than pursuit in the dark hallways of
low lodging-houses, the skulking back
chambers of little evil inns.
After this ingenuous confession It Is
superlluous to say that I read the elder
Pinkerton faithfully in my youth—
without the knowledge of fond but un
romantic parents— and if the portly,
dressy, prosperous, comfortable man
who now opens the door of Mr. William
A. Pinkerton's private office and waves
me cordially to enter in is not the old
sleuth of many a dear and troubled
dream it is through no fault of his
father. No, nor of Mr. Nick Carter's
neither.
He is of great breadth as well as
height, Mr. William A. Pinkerton, a
man of quite unusual size, with a rather
heavy, string- featured face, a good
brow, deep-set eyes, one of which is
gray-brown and the other brown-gray,
so that the difference is quite notice
able as he sits facing the light, a full,
dark mustache and a sporty taste in
clothes. His invisible check suit was
cut by a good tailor, his linen is fine
and his gray silk tie admirably in sea
son. He wears a superb emerald and
diamond ring on his left hand, a fine
sapph're in his shirt bosom, elaborate
link? of cats' eyes set with diamonds
in his cuffs and a gold and Jeweled
dagger, sheathed, which may be a
pencil, or a toothpick, or a cigar
cutter, or a court-plaster «ase, or
a mere watch charm, dangling from
a chain, but whatever it is it
is large enough to be seen. His
manner is easy, natural, dignified and
modestly reserved — all agreeable ciiar
acteristics of a manner, even when con
sidered separately — altogether irresist
ible when taken in a lump. I decide
that I shall like Mr. William A. Pin
kerton very much, in spite of his jew
elry, of which I am naturally a little
envious, but of course I can never love
him as I loved his father.
One of the old books, bound in red,
pictured outwardly with the great gilt
eye and the motto, "We Never Sleep,"
lies on the son's table. I pat it in lov
ing recollection.
"I have read them all," I said. "I
think I should like to read at least one
of them again."
"Yes?" replies Mr. Pinkerton, coldly.
OPTHE
BY
ALICE
RIX
"We do not approve of them, you
know."
"You do not approve of your father's
books?"
"Of what I might call detective liter
ature," he replied. "We believe it
hurts the dignity of the profession. It
creates an entirely false impression
concerning it and exerts a bad influ
ence on young mincls."
Mr. Pinkerton passed a strong: hand,
on which the handsome emerald
glowed greenly, across his brow.
"My father's name has been used,"
he continued, "by a number of unscru
pulous men to sell books which were
in every sense unreliable and perni
cious. The name is, of course, widely
known, and we endeavored to bring
persons who were trading on it to Jus
tice, but on questioning several firms
which sold the so-called Pinkerton
books -we found they had purchased the
right to use the name Pinkerton from
some obscure newspaper man in the
South. He may be a Pinkerton as he
claims to be, but we never heard of
him."
Mr. Plnkerton paused. "You se<-,"
he went on gravely, "we have extended
the business greatly since my father's
death and it is carried on now on prin
ciples that I am sure he would apjrove,
but which were not possible In his
time. We are now a very large con
cern, with offices in the principal Amer
ican cities, and correspondents every
where. We particularly dislike and
avoid anything approaching sensation
alism. We handle no scandals. We
accept no family cases."
"Family cashes?"
"Divorces and such matters. Whon
a divorce case requires detective work
it argues scandalous details. We do
not care to lend our name to histories
of that nature. We are practically the
agents in our line of all the large
banks, mercantile houses and Jewelers'
establishments in America. Our busi
ness is almost exclusively in, that di
rection. We do the work [ of three
thousand banks alone."
"That, of course, means big bank
robberies 3"
"Robberies, forgeries, confidence
games and," Mr. Plnkerton smiled,
"preventing them. I presume you have
heard of the Jewelers' Protective As
sociation? No? Well, that was formed
for the protection of traveling men —
traveling for large jewelry houses, you
understand. They used to be the great
est sufferers from hotel and railway
thieves. You see a jewelry drummer
has his fortune, or a good bit belonging
to his firm, in his trunk or whatever
baggage he carries— all the way from
five hundred to twenty-five thousand
dollars' worth of stock. The minute he
takes his eye or his hand off his bag
gage he's running a risk. Well! they
used to be robbed right and left. So
all the big Jewelry houses entered into
a Protective Association with us. The
firms pay an initial fee and every dfum
mer has to belong and pay his fee; then
if he's robbed on the road he imme
diately notifies our nearest agent and
we act under instructions from that
office, so that there's a hand out every
where for that jewelry thief. Luck
went with us from the first. We got
the men and the jewelry the first three
cases running. Then of course the
word got round that it wasn't a safe
lead, and now a jewelry drummer's
pretty seoure. When you hear of one
being robbed to-day you can be pretty
sure It's the work of an amateur. Reg
ulars don't want to touch it. That's
what I meant when I said we prevented
crime. The success of this work led to
the establishment of the Jewelers' Se
curity Alliance. That is about the"
same thing for the protection of Jew
elers'^ safes. You see, a Jeweler's capi
tal is in his safe. Then there's the
American Bankers' Union. They're all
on the same order and all In our hands.
We've *een wonderfully successful. We
lose some few cases, but we usually get
both the men and the property."
"Which do you want to get most?" I
asked out of a desire to know.
"We want the men," replied Mr. Pin
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1898.
kerton promptly, "and the owner wants
his property."
So the spirit of the chase is in it still,
after all.
"Luck's been with us a good deal,"
he went on reflectively, "and luck is
nearly everything in this business."
"And, I suppose, experience is some
thing, and, in your case, perhaps he
redity?"
"Training more than heredity. Luck
and training make a good detective."
"How many years of training did
you have?"
"Well, I went into the secret service
of the United States Army under my
father," said the son of the famous
first, "and I was fifteen then. I served
through the war, and then I went to
school. Not for long, though. Then
I got back Into the office again and I've
been there ever since and I'm still
training. You are always learning
something in any game you play with
men. I tell my new men that. The
new ones are always the sure ones, you
know. We train our own men. We
don't want any botching to pick out
and do over, and we don't want the
tramp detective who goes from office
to office exchanging methods. We'd
rather begin with them and teach them
Btting, shadowing and roping. Those
the three Rs of this business. You
•W what they mean, don't j«du?"
Well, spotting and shadowing, yes.
But roping?"
"That's getting their confidence —
some offices call it worming."
"Oh! And is it hard business to learn,
•you think?"
No harder than any other if you
c your mind to it. You've got to
c a mind though to go with it. And
yet every man you meet thinks he'd
make a good detective. Have you ever
noticed that? We're simply besieged
with suggestions from amateurs when
ever we have a big case on. And wo
men! Do you know lots of women are
crazy to go into this business? You'd
be surprised at the number of applica
tions I get from women in private life.
Crazy over the idea! What do you
suppose it is?"
"I don't know. The roping, perhaps,
appeals to the feminine nature."
"Well, it's anything but feminine
work, I can tell you. Some women are
smart at it, but I won't employ them
on principle. I don't want to have
anything to do with unsexing women.
I like them just as they were made,
good and womanly. If they're that
they're no good as detectives. And if
they're successful detectives they're no
good as women. There are plenty of
bright men in the world who can do
that work. Of course, as I said, a
man has got to have brains, because
the business is half management, which
will come to a bright men with a little
training, and half luck — more than half
luck. Why! I have been wonderfully
successful in the business and I can
see where nearly all of it was luck.
Time and again I've had men I've been
looking for walk right Into my arms
and I pledge you my word if I'd had to
look for them I wouldn't have known
where to look for them. I've run across
a man one day — some suspicious char
acter I mean — and taken a few notes
on- him on general principle and had
a demand for that man perhaps be
fore the week was out. I was in the
Louisville (Kentucky) Jail once, and
happened to notice a couple of pretty
hard cases in for some kind of bank
work, and meeting these men in Lon
don, England, several years afterward
I put the London authorities on to
them, and when I got back to New
York I sent over their pictures to the
London office. Right after that came
the discovery of the frauds on the
Bank of England, and the English po
lice picked those two gentlemen right
out of Piccadilly, where they were liv
ing in style on the Bank of England's
money. It was nothing but luck my
meeting them in London, wasn't it? And
it was nothing but luck that I remem
bered them. Then there was that train
robbery, when Kellogg Nichols, the ex
press messenger for the Chicago, Rock
Island and Pacific, was killed. I went
into the dressing-room of the car to
wash my hands and I found the scrap
of paper that led to the identification
of the man who did the killing and
robbing. Now it was luck that took
me into that room, wasn't it?"
"And how about the rest of it?"
"Well, training," said Mr. Pinkerton
modestly.
"You don't think, then, that people
are born to it, like Sherlc-ck Holmes?"
"Ha-ha!" laughed Mr. Pinkerton.
"He's a great one, isn't he?"
"Is he, really?"
"For a book he is," said Mr. Pinker
ton. "He'd make a terrible lot of
trouble in the business, though. It's
all made possible, you know — perfectly
possible — in the book — cmly things don't
happen that way in life. Some of it is
probable, too — his finding things, for in
stance, where there didn't seem to be
anything to find. I traced a big rob
bery once through three hairs from a
horse. That's so! A horse had been
seen tied in the woods, but he was
blanketed down to his hocks and the
snow had fallen thick all over his
tracks and nobody saw him ridden off.
I found two bay hairs and a long black '
one sticking to a twig, and I put him
up for a bay horse with black points,
and I set out to look for a horse like
that and a man that owned him or rode
him, and I landed my man. CNow that
was a great piece of luck, finding that
horse hair, wasn't it?"
"Great!" I said, laughing.
"That's what it was," said Mr. Pin
kerton, "and things have happened that
way often to help along' a case for me."
"What Is the most interesting piece of
luck that ever happened to you?"
"Finding that scrap of paper in the
Nichols case," replied Mr. Pinkerton
promptly. "That's my pet case. I was
greatly interested in those Bank of
England frauds, too."
"And the big strikes, when the Pin*
kerton men were all disguised among
the strikers, and ?"
"No, thank you," replied Mr. Pinker
ton. "We were too unpopular to make
that an interesting recollection. There
is a law now against that work, and I
am not at all sorry. In Chicago during
the riots over those anarchists — that
was exciting enough! But it isn't the
sort of thing you can go over. It was
being In it that made it so stirring. We
Continued on Page 2*.18
GOOD STORIES OF THE STAGE BY LEADING PLAYERS
Blancbe Bates,
Mrs, far)r)\e Young,
OF all the professions that of the stage is the
most prolific of reminiscences, and of all the '
world the actors are the very best story
tellers.
They liv« La the emotional world and their
abundance of good nature, natural wit and art of
mimicry make these inimitable jokers the best of
entertainers. They believe with the cynic that "lan
guage was invented but to conceal thoughts," and
that interpretation of character is not of words, but
rather of feeling, which is the silent language of the •
soul.
ureen-room gossip is traditional, and when the
artists are "easy in their lines" they repair to this
reminiscent chamber and revel in the stories of other
days of strange mishaps and hard-up experiences en
dured when the "ghost ref ar- 1 to walk."
But some of the very funniest things that they re
late are the accidents which frequently occur to sur
prise the players and rob the audience of its illusion.
There is but a hair's breadth between the sublime
and the ludicrous, and often in the most tragic scenes
of theatrical interpretation the stage hoodoo has in
troduced surprising situations to provoke the house
to laughter instead of tears. Here are some of their
stories:
The biggest hit that ever I made in my' life oc
curred in Australia when I was so little that I was
not aware of my tremendous
success. My mother was,
however, and so was the au
dience, likewise the manage-
BLANCHE BATES.
merit, for they had to ring down the curtain to re
store cider.
All that I know of it comes in a reminiscent way
from my mother, who never hears the most romantic
of Shakespearian dramas mentioned without feeling
again the mortification of that scene of her young
motherhood which was not intended for the public s
entertainment or pleasure. Our family history re
cords it, and I've no doubt of its truth, that at this
particular period I was teething, that I was fretful
and that I was unweaned.
The play was "Romeo and Juliet" and the stage
was set for the balcony scene. The nurse had kept
me in the dressing-room In the early part of the
evenine: and finding that I could not be quieted she
was allowed to bring me to my mother, who was
seated on an improvised bench upon the balcony,
concealed from the view of the house by a vine
trellised walL
The audience was intensely interested in Romeo s
pleadings and his romantic love, which came to a
climax in the most unexpected manner. Either the
stage carpenter was unusually careless or the "super
•who stumbled against the railing was exceedingly
awkward— in all probability both— be that as it may
the front of the balcony came tumbling down, dis
closing a most incongruous stage effect.
There sat the "fair shy Juliet" with her baby at
her breast, while the love-lorn Romeo had to cut his
scene, for the audience howled and howled until the
curtain came down. Moreover it was impossible to
bring the audience back to pathos and tragedy for
that night was turned into comedy.
I have frequently had to suddenly recover from a
fainting fit or death scene to walk off the stage— "if
the man on the curtain happened to go to sleep"— but
about the funniest thing that ever occurred while
waiting for the curtain to go down happened up north
in "The Last Word" performance.
It was in the scene closed by a piano recital of
Mr Roberts. The curtain stuck and Mr. Frawley told
us to walk off the stage. We all walked off except
Roberts and I frantically beckoned him to come off.
I gesticulated wildly, thinking he had not heard Mr.
Frawley's order and soon had an answer from poor
Roberts, delivered in an awful stage whisper, "Stop
that man's playing down front and I'll come off."
Roberts' piano was a dummy and the orchestra pian
ist was furnishing the music. It was very funny and
we all enjoyed the joke hugely.
I remember a performance in Australia a great
■mnmr vpflra aero when an accident robbed the scene
of all its pathos and com
pletely destroyed any illusion
that we tried to portray for
the remainder of the evening.
MRS. FANNIE YOUNG.
I was playing the part of a heroic mother who
separated herself from her young baby while she went
to succor some wounded soldiers. The scene was very
pathetic and my efforts were calculated to wring tears
from the audience.
I held the baby (which was a doll baby) in my
arms and after kissing it I exclaimed, as I put it in
the hands of a trusted servant, "Keep my child— to
no other arms would I entrust my little daughter."
My acting must have been stronger physically than
I was aware of, for as I placed the baby in his arms
the head dropped off and rolled down to the foot
lights. This broke us all up and the house went wild.
• * *
In the year 1867, while leading man at the "Old
Crosby Opera-house" in Chicago, I suffered the most
humiliating mistake of my
whole stage career. Even
yet, as I look back through
the vista of years. I feel
McKEE RANKIN.
again a shrinking of my stature, figuratively speak
ing, with -the memory of that night of nights.
The management had put on the spectacular per
formance of "Undine," and I was cast for the part of
the gallant knight. My costume was superb— black
tights and plumes galore. If the play had been pro
duced as it was written I would have been discovered
QUEER CONDITION REACHED BY HIGH EXPLOSIVES
THIS is an age c-f high explosives.
A week hardly ever passes but
what some new chemical com
pound of destruction is dis
covered. These are becoming
"higher" and "higher," so that it
is difficult to foresee what the end
•will be.
Many of the explosives already known j
are so delicate as to be valueless. lodide i
of nitrogen cannot so much as be j
touched with a feather. It is made by
mixing the ingredients in alcohol and
allowing it to dry. When it appears as
a brown powder the slightest agitation
Will cause it to explode violently. The
power of this chemical is almost beyond
estimate. A pound of it could lay all of
San Francisco in ruins, but, fortunately,
it is so dangerous to make that no sane
person would attempt to produce it, for ;
to do so would be suicide.
The study of high explosives dates
back only about ten years, but it is
gradually gaining in importance and
experimenters are at work all over the
1. Placing guncotton on leaf. 2. The explosion. 3. Per
fect impression of leaf left on slab. 4. Letters U. S
cut in a disk of guncotton and the reverse lettering
as result of explosion on iron slab.
Mrs. Elizabeth Saunders.
in the first scene by nymphs, but my costume was so
stunning that it was thought best for me to make an
entrance instead.
At this time I was drawing a very good salary, and
with the overstocked vanity that is sometimes for
given in the exuberance of youth, I made my en
trance.
Oh, what a reception that was! I have never seen
its like. The house was packed. It was the first
night, and the audience seemed to go wild with de
light at seeing me. Ladies waved their handkerchiefs
and men stamped the floor in their great enthu
siasm. I was overwhelmed, and thought, "Great
heavens! What a fool I am that I did not strike the
manager for double my salary. Why, I am a great
thing for the house."
I was revolving in my mind just how much of a
raise I should ask for, while 1 bowed and bowed my
acknowledgment of the tremendous reception.
During the tumultuous uproar I decided I had bet
ter make them a speech to satisfy them a bit, and in
bowing again to my right I happened to see the cause
of the demonstration.
There in the box stood "Little Phil" Sheridan, bow
ing his compliments to the people, while I had been
taking it all to myself. Feeling like an idiot, I walked
off the stage, and soon after, when I had quite a
speech to make in my lines, I was greeted with such
laughter and gibes from the house that I was almost
exasperated in my embarrassment. Before the night
was over, however, I had won their sympathy and
respect by my good work, else I suppose I would
not have slept that night in my mortification.
* * *
While my partner and I were taking a company
through Oregon we were particularly requested to
I play "East Lynn." We
JAMES. M. BROPHY.
• __! lie. The editor suggested that
his child might possibly speak the lines, whose offer
■we did not refuse, for we knew we could depend upon
good press notices.
The child was very bright, indeed, and the next
evening we were ready to ring up on "East Lynne."
Suddenly a messenger rushed in with the news that
the child was ill and could not play. We were
aghast: How could we play "East Lynne" without a
child! The house was packed and ladies plentifully
supplied with handkerchiefs to weep over Isabel's woe.
A change of bill would not be accepted and the com
pany were prepared to wash up and go home. This
meant the loss of the entire night's receipts. In
desperation I said "Go ahead; ring up."
I was playing Archibald Carlyle. We cut the first
scene the child has. but it was absolutely necessary
to have his death scene. I placed the child's bed
SPANISH VIEW OF THE PARIS PEACE COMMISSION.
S£3£E£S£3r2S3ssSS3Ss ff'J&ss^^LL:.^
country trying to gain more insight into j
the mystery of the terrible compounds.
It is no-w asserted that the explosion ;
which recently occurred in the smoke
lesa powder factory at Santa Cruz in-
Bt«ad of being the work of a Spanish ;
spy, as at first supposed, was caused
by electric sparks generated by the j
bodies of the workmen. Such a condi- j
tion is quite possible. During the j
storms which sometimes prevail un the :
Pacific Coast the winds reach a velocity
of fifty miles an hour, while the hu
midity gets as low as 15 per cent. Pro- |
fessor Le Conte found that the friction |
of the wind against the clothing of per- j
sons developed electricity to the extent j
c-f producing sparks half an inch long, j
The phenomenon is quite apparent in j
the manes and tails of horses. This at- j
mospheric electricity has been respon- !
sible for several explosions. Explosions \
of the dust which flies about powder j
works are frequent, and they always
precede the true explosion of the pow
der. In this connection Professor Le
Conte made several predictions con
cerning explosions, all of which came
true.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SLTNPAT, OCTOBER 23, 1898,
McK.ee Ran Kin.
Georaia Wells.
were all up in the play,
but had no child to play Wil-
Human beings often have caused
great explosions by the sparks which
have vme from their bodies. During
the construction of the Sutro tunnel it
was found that nearly every man in
the tunnel under certain conditions be
came a walking battery which would
explode every cartridge with which it
came into contact.
In spite of every precaution explo
sions will take place in nitro-glycerine
factories. Some of them have occurred
under the oddest of circumstances. As
the compound is very sensitive and as
it readily decomposes at 100 degrees
Fahrenheit it has to be washed contin
ually. At first the waste water was
permitted to drain away in the or
dinary manner. But such a proceeding
is no longer allowable after the expe
rience of one factory. The works in
question were situated beside a river,
and the water was allowed to run away
over a sandy beach into the stream.
One hot summer day red turner were
observed to issue from the sands and
Boon afterward the beach blew up at
that point. The wante water had car
ried the glycerine in solution and de
Clay Clement.
directly across the stage and drew a long white spread
close to the floor. We hastily improvised a rag baby
and placed it in the bed. Isabel (Mine. Vine) knelt
between the bed and the audience and I stretched
myself full length behind the bed, being completely
concealed from view in front, the company hugged
the "wings" convulsed with laughtef. The curtain
went up.
Willie opens the scene and so in the most infantile
voice that I could command I squeaked out "Mme.
Vine, how long do you think It will be before I die?"
The company were in hysterics, but the scene con
tinued with the usual sobs from the audience while
Isabel frantically embraced the bundle of rags in the
bed.
The curtain fell amid storms of applause. We sent
Isabel out; she bowed and bowed, but they called out
"The child; bring out the child." That was a stunner.
We seized the Janitor's child, who was colored, and
covering his face Isabel bowed again to the weeping
audience with the child in her arms. This was my
first and last performance as a child actor.
• • •
I was down South playing in "The Bells" when I
encountered my worst stage predicament. As usual
1 — " 1 in those one-night stops we
naturally expect some little
drawback; but this disturb-
CLAY CLEMENT.
I ance was quite unexpected
'and we had to make the best of it.
It was in the storm scene and the situation in
which I always got the "biggest hand." This theater
was not very well provided with mechanical appli
ances and when the thunder pealed out it was simply
deafening. The house couldn't hear a word and it
was my very strongest scene.
The actor who was on with me at my earnest com
mands of louder! louder! shouted himself hoarse, and
I, knowing that my voice would not carry across the
footlights, just pantomimed and gesticulated without
saying a word. Of course I moved my lips and,
strange to say, got the same "hand" from the packed
house that I always expected at this scene. The
property men came in for their share after the cur
tain went down and the next night the thunderous
elements were conspicuous by their mild rumblings.
The most trying time in my stage career occurred
Bhortly after* making my debut, and as is always the
— — ■ case when trying to feel an
emotional part, the least lit
tle thing of an amusing na
ture is enough to set a silly
GEORGIA WELLS.
girl to giggling; so it did me.
The play was the military drama, "Fort Bliss."
In my lines I was pleading for the life of my brother
in-law, of whom I was very fond, and who was un-
posited it in the sand, where finally
the heat exploded it.
At another factory the water was al
lowed to run into a ditch. It was dis
covered in the course of time that the
glycerine had become deposited in large
quantities in the fissures of the neigh
boring rocks. The ditch was then
dammed so as to cover the rocks with
water. Several years afterward the
ditch was struck by lightning and in
the explosion which resulted buildings
were destroyed and huge masses of
rock were hurled Teat distances.
In the Pembrey works in Wales the
waste water is allowed to drain into a
pond which is torpedoed each week in
order to preclude the possibility of ac
cident. , .
Among the most prominent explosives
are ■ordite, the British smokeless pow
der invented by Sir F. A. Abel and Pro
fessor Dewar; French smokeless pow
der, the vielle poudre of the Lebel rifle;
rifleite, which is used in the Lee-Met
ford gun, and in the Martini-Henry
rifle; r.->^ximite, the compound which
Hudson Maxim invented; emmensite,
which proved so satisfactory under
George E. Lask,-
L. R, StocßWell.
justly accused of a crime and sentenced to be hanged.
My lover, with whom I was pleading, could not give
me much hope. As I cried out in my despair, "Oh,
don't tell me that he will hang!" he sank into a
seat in a sort of hopeless way, the springs gave way
and he doubled up like a jack-knife.
He looked so terribly surprised and so thoroughly
uncomfortable that I was completely overcome with
laughter. The spectators appreciated it and the im
pression of sisterly grief that I wished to leave with
the audience was wholly lost and we just finished the
scene with immoderate laughter.
• * •
Actors sometimes suffer excruciating agonies in
trying to suppress laughter caused by mistakes that
ERNEST HASTINGS.
equilibrium of the players; provoked the mirth or tne
audience, but well nigh resulted in a broken arm for
me.
I was playing in Modjeska's company and the play
was "As You Like It." I was cast for the part of
Charles, the wrestler, and the accident occurred in
the wrestling scene, where Orlando throws Charles.
By some trick of fate I was thrown on top of a
trap door that opened and let me through like a
rocket— catching on to the stage floor with my elbows,
nearly paralyzing me. It was so unexpected and
so sudden that Modjeska, who was sitting on the
platform, pushed her chair too near the edge in her
fit of uncontrolled laughter and tumbled over back
ward. The effect upon the house was, of course,
howling and the curtain was soon rung down.
• • •
I think about the worst accidental stage comedy
in which I participated occurred a good many years
i 1 ago. in the Mme. Eugenic la
The comedy in reality began on the Journey across
the river. We were very' late making the town owing
to a railroad accident and arrived just in time to rush
on to the boat, while the dray containing our trunks
was driven aboard and stopped dangerously near the
end of the boat. All went merrily, however, until
about half-way across the ferry, when by a sudden
lurch off went three of the trunks into the water.
Luckily the handles were tied together with rope so
they just swung under the edge of the boat.
By taking up a collection among the company we
got together $50 (no easy task), the price charged
by the captain for picking up the floating stock.
We were billed for a performance that night and
with a depleted financial condition could not con
scientiously cancel the engagement, so as soon as the
boat landed we proceeded to the theater and busied
ourselves shaking out and pressing the damp folds
of our wardrobe. There was neither time nor money
for new clothes and so the curtain rang up upon the
most dilapidated looking chromoa It has ever been
my lot to work with in a professional way. Some of
the women wore shawls, but the men did nothing but
shiver, and the ludicrous appearance of each member
of that company made serious feeling an impossii
bility and when any of us made our exits we lined
up in the wings and thoroughly enjoyed the comedy
to the discomfiture of those who were acting.
A very funny thing happened not long ago in a
vaudeville performance of "Bootle's Baby," a scene
sketch by Charles Stevens, the husband of Kate Clax
ton There is a law in Chicago against babies appear
ing on the stage, and of course "Bootle's Baby"
would be an Impossibility without the baby, so it was
advertised and the humane societies made up the
biggest part of the audience.
Stevens had to pay $90 to get a baby made at
the wax works that just suited him, and it looked so
natural that it resulted in the societies swearing out
a warrant and the papers were served upon him.
The next day when the case came up Stevens had to
carry his doll baby down to the court to prove that
it was no violation of the law and no cruelty to the
wax figure to use it in his performance.
I have had many queer experiences in my profes
sional career; unlooked-for situations not booked at
rehearsals, predicaments in
cidental to the forgetfulness
of the property man or the
carelessness of the carpen-
L. R. STOCKWELL
ter but the funniest thing that I ever witnessed
while on the stage occurred during the production of
"Macbeth" at St. John, New Brunswick.
We had some difficulty In getting a girl to take the
part of the "apparition," and nnally obtained Hob
son's choice in an Irish girl whose brogue was pro
nounced in conversation, but we hoped with much
coaching to remedy that fault, and were well satis
fied with her progress at the last rehearsal. But the
night of the first performance that was the corker.
As the "apparitign" she was strapped to the cage
and sent up through the trap door. She got along
well enough unt'l she came to the lines "Macbeth!
Macbeth' Macbeth! Be bloody, bold and resolute,"
and all of her previous coaching down of the Irish
brosue was a lost art. She managed to roll out in a
full voice "Macbeth! Macbeth! Macbeth!" and in the
same sepulchral tones said, "Let me down! Let me
down! Lot me down!" '
The audience not only mared, but it broke up the
players as well, and the expression on her face was
the funniest sight I ever witnessed.
Another thing happened at the same pllace about
twenty-five years ago and was quite unexpected by
both the actors and audience. "Old man Couldock,
known by the profession all over the United States,
was playing the part of Louis in "Louis XL" On
United States tests; indurite, cannon
ite tonite ballistite, the terrible
French melenite, and last, the new ter
rible compound, lyddite. What this is
made of is a secret, but the inventor
asserts that it is absolutely safe to
handle and that one pound of it can
wreck the largest building in the world.
This, however, can hardly be called
remarkable in view of other flare-ups
' which have occurred. Common saw-
I dust exploded for some unknown rea
son in the Pullman car shops and did
considerable damage. Sawdust, which
lumbermen have thrown into the Cana
i dian rivers from time t<- tim?, gen-
I crates gas, which explodes every now
and then to the great peril of naviga
tion. A quantity of starch exploded
disastrously in a New York candy fac
tory. An explosion of finely powdered
I zinc wrecked a zinc works n Bethle
i hem, Pa. Several explosions of flour
have occurred in Minneapolis mills.
Dust is constantly exploding in brew
eries and two British warships, the
Doterel and the Triumph, were blown
up from the explosive action of a dryer
in a paint with which they were being
T. Darjiel Frawley.
occur in the best regulated
theaters. I well remember
an accident a few years ago
that not only disturbed the
Grande Company. We were
playing in Canada and the
play was "Camille."
SAM EDWARDS.
Exploded by the Human Voice.
Exploded by a Fly.
Exploded by the Wand.
Exploded by a Heavy Step^
decorated. It would reem, in fact, that
nature is constantly engaged in gen
erating high explosives the quicker to
bring about changes which she usually
takes a long time to produce.
As a final Queer fact concerning
these very queer compounds it may be |
well to describe a very beautiful expe- |
riment which was performed by Pro
fessor C. E. Munroe «f Washington. D. j
C. Professor Munroe placed a very
small tree leaf on a slab of iron. On
the leaf he placed a disk of guncotton
and exploded it. When the iron was
again examined it was found to have
Indented in its surface a perfect image
of the leaf. Every vein was clearly
discernible, and the whole thing ap- :
peared to be the work of some expert
engraver. A disk of guncotton in which
the letters U. S. were cut was next laid
face downward on the iron and explod
ed. The letters U. S. reversed wereafter
ward found to be outlined perfectly in ,
the iron. Very little reason seems to be
advanced for this curious action. It is ,
thought in the case of the letters that
the guncotton being indented through
out their length has a greater distance ,
James M. Brophy.
Ernest Hastings.
the year previous to this performance tms tneater
had a prompter by the name of John Brown. He
stuttered so badly that often when an actor got lost
in his part it took Brown so long to tell him where
he was at that it became no easy task for the actor
to catch on in a hurry. Upon the second occasion of
Couldock's visit to St. John the following year the
theater had a new prompter, a man named Williams,
who was quite deaf. Well, in the second act every
thing came to a "dead stick"; not an actor remem
bered his lines. No amount of stage whispers could
induce Williams to take his nose out of the book anU
he didn't hear a thins, making the "wait" palpable
to the audience and threw Oouldock into a frenzy.
Suddenly Couldock stepped to the footlights and
%aid: "Ladies and gentlemen: Last year this house
had a man for prompter who couldn't speak; this
year they supply one who can't hear, and I suppose
next year we will be furnished with one who can t
see." Of course this speech brought down the house
and by that time Williams had thumbed over the
pages and found the place.
During a performance of the opera "Aida" in Phil
adelphia a few years ago I experienced one of those
sudden drops of a highly
emotional scene to that of
burlesque. I was cast for
the part of Rhadames, and
the scene was the one where Aida, the Ethiopian
slave girl, pleads with her lover, Rhadames. I dorvt
know whatever in the world possessed Aida to use
grease paint for her make-up instead of the bolle
mania commonly used. But she did and when she
threw her grease-painted arms about my freshly
laundried white blouse in the farewell scene I looked
like a convict in my stripes. The funniest part of it
all was that I did not know what had happened to
make the audience laugh and was half inclined to
be angry at their treatment. The infection of
laughter soon spread to the stage and the curtain
came down.
GEORGE E. LASK.
I think the most striking incident in the history
of my stage mishaps took place in Salt Lake City
— T during a production or
-r n.Ki.c, m»,,, <- v i "Richard III." It was in the
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY. tent scene in the flft h act
and I was playing the part
of Richard. My horse had just been brought in and
I called for my army. What was my surprise to see
a little fellow who had been cast for the part of page
walk in alone, burdened with swords and completely
weighed down with trappings. I looked in the wings
and not a soldier advanced. The truth at last dawned
upon me. The supers and supermasters had gone on
a strike at the last minute and the page had been
Bent in to represent Richard's brave army.
The whole thing was bo absurd. My best lines
were to be addressed to my army and the heroic
speech began, "What shall I say more than I have
inferred? Remember whom you are to cope withal.
The situation was so thoroughly ridiculous as I meas
ured the trembling boy from top to toe that I per
verted the lines into "You are a small army, but you
■will make a good fight."
I think the audience appreciated that farce more
than the management after th^ curtain dropped, for
the thermometer went down with the curtain.
I have heard Fred Ward tell an amusing account
of his production of "Julius Caesar" up in Montana,
They were at Helena at that time of the year when
mosquitoes were of their biggest and hungriest stage;
regular gallinippers, and .how that Roman army did
suffer is best told in Ward's own words. "Their uni
forms were abbreviated in length of sleeves and
trousers, and those mosquitoes didn't do a thing to
them. Why, the soldiers wriggled and slapped first
one shoulder and then another; twisted and rubbed
their legs together until the army lost all dignity and
the 'house' all disposition to take the play seriously.
All of the old-time performers will remember the
first season that brought Mary Anderson to this
coast. John McCullough was playing Claude Melnotte
to her Pauline in the "Lady of Lyons." She was at
that time about eighteen years of age and her tall,
ungainly figure completely overshadowed McCullough
in height. ._ 
In the fourth act, where the widow says, No di
vorce can separate a mother from her son," the heart
of the proud Pauline is touched, and she exclaims,
"Claude, take me." Melnotte holds out his arms say
in* "This is the heaviest^blow of all," and then came
the catastrophe, for as Pauline rushed into Melnotte'a
arms she tripped and both McCullough and Mary
Anderson fell to the floor. That fall mad. a hit ta
the audience and the applause was so deafening that
the curtain had to be rung down.
• * *
— At the old Chestnut street Theater in Philadelphia
a very amusing mistake was made during the pro-
MRS. ELIZABETH
SAUNDERS,
Cousin of Joseph Jefferton^
of Virginius. Sheridan snowies, me numui vi who
beautiful drama, was cast for Icilius. the youn?
lover and I was playing Servia, nurse to Virginius.
I wa* very young at this time, and my extremely
youthful appearance was the main factor in causing
the young lover's grievous blunder.
In the forum scene Icilius rushed on the stage ex
claiming "Virginia, my dearest Virginia." and ere I
was aware he had clasped me— Servia, the old nurse
in his arms, instead of his sweetheart, Virginia. Of
course we all felt like laughing and could not control
our desire to do so. His excuse was that I looked so
young for the nurse that he thought I was Virginia.
for bombardment at that point than at
the parts where the guncotton rests di
rectly against the iron. At any rate,
the experiment is a beautiful one, and
in right hands may point the way to
another method of utilizing the won
derful power of high explosives.
The war with Spain has been most
significant as far as high explosives are
concerned. It has forever demonstrat
ed the inutility of the old black pris
matic powder in modern practice. The
smoke of the distant battlefield can no
longer figure as a thrilling spectacle
by painter and poet. Smokeless pow
der will be used exclusively hereafter
by the great powers. Our Government
was quick to note the superiority over
the old explosive agent, and placed its
convictions on record by ordering one
million pounds of the material to fill
the magazines of our forts and war
ships So we have passed almost at a
jump into the smokeless stage of our
military existence.
It if estimated that more than four
fifths of the people in London never en
ter a place of worship.
Sort) Edwards.
duction oi v lrgimus a.t a.
benefit tendered to Mr.
Cooper, the great actor who
at this time played the partBARE-FOOTED KNEIPPISTS WALKING THE WET GRASS IN GOLDEN GATE PARK
Every morning several score of enthusiastic Kneippists gather in nooks of Golden Gate Park about sunrise. They pull off their shoes and stockings, tuck up trjeir garments and frolic over the wet sward
for fifteen or twenty minutes. What they think of the cure and how they go about taking it is told in the following article.
GO an<l wash seven times in the
Jordan and thy flesh shall re
cover health and " - shalt be
clean." So sayeth Holy Writ.
"Go and walk barefoot in the
dewy gTass and thy flesh shall recover
health and thou shalt be clean." So say
Father Kneipp and his disciples.
Just now there is a band of Kneipp-
Ists who dally tread the dewy grass in
Golden Gate Park.
With a severe headache, I sought out
the leader of the dew-treaders, A. Will
man, hydropathist, graduate of the
Kneipp system. He diagnosed my case
without asking a question. He labeled
me neatly and unquestionably as
"nerves," and told me that I suffered
with nervous headaches and now and
then sleeplessness.
"Nicht war?" said Herr Willman.
"Ya," I replied.
"To-morrow morning at half-past 6
o'clock you will be at the park and I
will teach you to get rid of all that."
I elevated my brows in horror at the
unearthly hour, but Herr Willman set
tled my irresolute spirit by saying: "It
is not too early; the dew is best then
and besides the rest of them will be
there at that hour."
Herr Wiilman was already at the
designated spot in the park when I
reached there at 6:30 in the mornine. So
were "the rest of them." They were
nearly twenty, and regarded me with
little or no curiosity.
•This young lady has begun the
water cure," remarked Herr Willman,
by way of introduction.
"Take off those things, then," said a
gray-haired man, glancing at my feet
in a contemptuous manner. Not being
an adept at amputation, 1 meekly asked
"How? Which?"
"Shoes," sniffed the old gentleman.
Then for the first time I noticed that
they all wore sandals, which they
slipped off without any trouble while I
fumbled with my shoestrings.
you never wear shoes.' I asked
a woman who was watching me tug at
my refractory strings.
"Only on very formal occasions.
Sandals are so much more comforta
ble," she replied.
Every one else had left the benches
which served as the dressing-room for
removing shoes, or, rather, sandals. I
could hear the swish of the women's
skirts and the soft patter-patter of the
men's feet. But I was too busy to pay
any attention to them. At length,
however, I got up from the bench, un
shod, and ready to measure with all
comers in the "barefoot act."
But ugh! When my feet touched
the wet grass they grew icy numb and
my courage oozed away as I sank back
on the bench and curled up my feet un
der my skirts.
Then, for the first time, I took in the
surroundings. We were on a plat of
grass surrounded by trees and flowers.
To the right the children's playhouse
showed through the trees. The air was
sweet with that faint elusive perfume
that, like the dew, disappears with the
rising sun. Some of the Kneippists
were walking slowly, others were scur
rying to and fro, back and forth, hither
and thither, but all the while on the
dew-laden grass tramped the barefoot
disciples of Father Kneipp.
Herr Willman walked now beside
one, now beside another, advising as
became necessary a change-oof pace or
direction.
The enthusiastic Kneinoists were of
all ages, sizes and descriptions. The wo
men for the most part held their skirts
out of Jhe wet grass, but one or two
had dropped them and were in bloom
ers.
There was one child and she led an
old lady who walked with faltering
steps and took deep breaths of the
fragrant air, her bright, unseeing eyes
gazing steadfastly ahead, but seeing
nothing. The child tripped along light
ly, her little white feet looking like
huge butterflies poised for a moment
on the green grass. The woman fol
lowed as blithely.
"It is so good," I heard her say, "I
have not had a hemorrhage in my eyes
since I began. I smell violets. They
must be blooming near here. Can you
smell them?" "No," said the child.
"Ah, but you can see them!" and the
blind woman sighed and hastened her
Bteps.
Herr Willman spied me and came
over to me. "Get up." he said, "and
■walk quickly. For this first time you
jpust not stay on the grass, though,
more than five minutes; the others are
used to it and may take from 10 to 15
minutes."
Conscious that the gray-haired man
was eying my cowardice disapproving
ly, I summoned up my flickering cour
age, disentangled my cold feet and
boldly started along the dew damp
sward, Herr Willman beside me the
while.
After the first Icy thrill I began to
like the cold, tingling sensation. We
picked out the patches of grass that
were in the path of the rising sun. The
sensation was like yet unlike the ting
ling touch of electricity. The dewy
grass was softer than velvet and un
hampered by shoes we walked with an
elasticity and lack of jarring impossible
on pavements. Yet there was some
thing fascinatingly Irritating in the
electric pricking, tingling, tickling sen
sation of the dewy grass.
"Run," said Mr. Willman, "and you
can stand it better."
So for the remaining three minutes
I played a game of tag: with the gray
Special to the Sunday Call.
ON the 10th of the present month
there appeared a small three-line
notice in our dally papers. No
doubt its very Insignificance
caused It to pass unnoticed, or at
least to inspire merely a tran-
Bient thought or two of curiosity. It
"■an as follows:
BERLIN. Oct. 9.-Princess Trou
betzkoy, under arrest here on ex
traditfon demanded by Italy for
forging documents, committed sui
cide In the police station in which
she was detained."
Among the many tender or tragic
life histories of noble life in Europe,
that lie locked up in letters, in trifling
newspaper notices or in bosoms that are
never prompted to permit them to es
cape, few perhaps can prove as inter
esting as that of the aoi-disant Princess
Troubetzkoy. It is the story of a beau
tiful peasant princess' revenge for very
substantiaJ wrongs done her.
Maria Robolska was born of Polish
serfs in Russian Poland. The hut in
which she first saw the light was on
the estate of a grand lord of the land,
the Prince Pignatelli, and her parents
were bound serfs of this nobleman.
Never co-uld a thought or hope have
entered her little head in those days
that her fate was to be other than what
was destined for her girlish playmates,
bhe was taught that the aim of her life
was merely to be the Joan of some In
dustrious, work-scarred Darby of her
own station in the world.
Beautiful she was, with that delicate,
flower-like beauty see n sometimes
among the lower women of that wintry
land. As a child she was the fame of
the village; as a maiden she became
the belle of the countryside. Her ro
mantic companions often told her that
such loveliness as hers was given by
.haired gentleman, who puffed as be
came his years.
Just when we were getting' our sec
ond wind and one by one the other
were joining in the game, Herr Wil
man ordered me to "keep off the grass
and on no account to dry my feet.
"But see all this grass that is stick
ing to them," I protested.
"Brush that off but don't dry you
feet. Be sure and put your stocking
on your wet feet."
Since I was with the Kneippists I di
as the Kneippists do. My feet were no
deliciously warm, and I had the sam
delightfully refreshed feeling that fo
lows a cold shower.
"You think it strange that we don
dry our feet," said a woman, thrusting
hers into her sandals. "But we never
wipe off the water, not even after a
bath."
"Don't your clothes get wet?"
"Oh, no; we never wear thick -woolen
clothing next to the skin. I wear linen,
but strong hemp cloth is still better,
because it never effeminates the skin.
Father Kneipp says that woolen ma
terials next to the body suck the fluid 3
and warmth and are the cause of the
weak and miserable blood of this gener
ation."
"But why not wipe the body after a
bath?" I asked.
My lady was busy with her sandals
and did not deign to answer.
"Twenty minutes' walking for every
body to get thoroughly warm," com
manded Herr Willman.
I fell into step with him and again
put the question about drying the body.
"No," answered our leader, "after a
cold application the body must not be
wiped, except the head and the hands
as far as the wrist, the latter in order
not to wet the clo-thes when dressing.
The wet body is at once covered with
dry underlinen and other articles of
clothing. This must be done as quickly
as possible, so that all wet spots may
be closed hermetically.
"Wiping is rubbing, and as it cannot
be done quite equally on every
spot it produces disproportionate nat
ural warmth. This is not of much con
sequence with healthy people, but of
Strange Story of the Princess Troubetzkoy, Born a Pofish Serf.
God to those only who were to wear a
crown.
When about 18 years old her many
housewifely talents gained her a posi
tion in the chateau of the Prince, who
was already a man of about the middle
age. She was blessed with a wondrous
versatility and she became almost in
dispensable in the Prince's household
Moreover, her comeliness made her the
rarest treasure that the castle ever
knew within its old gray walls She
was frequently noticed and talked of
by the many nobles that now and again
gathered at the chateau to spend por
tions of the summertime in those fes
tivities for which the Prince was fa
mous.
The little housekeeper, fired by that
secret ambition which every girlish
heart well knows, began to dream of
better things than what her humble
birth could promise her.
Before she had passed her twentieth
year Maria's beauty had made captive
a prize even she could hardly imagine
within her siren powers to entrap. Her
master, the Prince, insensibly had fallen
into the most passionate love for her.
He was, although a man in his prime,
as yet unmarried, and Maria could
therefore hope for the best.
Before the expiration of another year
Pignatelli, despite the vigorous protests
of his haughty relatives, wedded his
humble born servant. This step
changed her whole life, and from that
time she became a subject of public in
terest. The marriage was brief and
childless. The Prince died after three
years of extremely happy life, and left
Maria a widow just in the blossom of
beautiful womanhood. According to
his will his immense estates and his
fortune were bequeathed to his wife.
Hardly had the Prince been en
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, IS9B.
great moment with sick and weak ones.
The non-wiping helps to the most reg
ular, mc-st equal and most speeedy nat
ural warmth. It Is like sprinkling water
in the fire. The interior warmth of the
body uses the water clinging to the ex
terior as material for speedily bringing
forth greater and more intense heat."
"Are there many followers of Father
Kneipp in San Francisco?" I asked.
"Nor as many as there ought to be.
There are fifteen who come out here
with me. In New York there are a
great many, and in Worishofen, where
Father Kneipp built the sanitarium for
the water cure, thousands come every
year. I studied the system thoroughly
there."
"Does it consist entirely In walking
on wet grass?" I queried.
"No. That is the first thing and one
of the most important for hardening
the flesh. Sometimes we walk on wet
stones, new snow or cold water. Ac
cording to the disease, there are show
ers for the different parts of the body,
all carefully applied. We also cure by
wet sheets, baths, vapor shower baths,
ablutions, wet bandages and drinking
water."
"What effect does the water have on
sickness?"
"What Is sickness?" returned Herr
Willman, quickly. "Is not the euphony
and harmony of the body called good
health? When this is disturbed by
different causes we call the disarrange
ment disease. All these diseases, what
tombed, however, before the relatives
of his blood, angered to think that a
peasant stranger should hold the an
cestral estates, instituted proceedings
to set aside the will.
Alone and unadvised, Maria made but
poor resistance to her all-powerful
foes, and she soon saw herself dispos
sessed of the fortune which was rightly
hers and with nothing in the world
save her title of "Princess Pignatelli."
Then she made a fatal step. Burning
with revenge, she resolved to bring dis
honor on that name and all who bore
it. She hastened across the borders to
Berlin.
In that city she studied for the stage
and soon appeared a 8 soubrette on the
stage of the Friedrich Wilhelmstaed
tisches and the Adolph Ernest theaters.
Her name and title being blazoned on
the programmes, she created an im
mense furor. Unhappily, due, no doubt,
to the unwholesome environment of the
stage, the Princess' life began to as
sume Buch an immoral aspect that pro
priety became offended. This, together
with the fact that the resentment of
her late husband's relatives began to
make itself strongly felt in official cir
cles, produced her banishment. One
day the Princess was ordered by the
police to leave the empire. But her de
sire to become an actress was whetted
and she determined to stick to the foot
lights.
Next she appeared at Paris in the
Theatre Folles Bergerea, where her
puccesß was repeated. To conceal her
identity so as to divert all suspicion
by the police, she assumed the name
and title of Princes Dolgorouki.
She usually appeared in light-tinted
tights, and the faultless figure of the
beautiful Pole soon won the hearts of
the frequenters of that ultra, pleasure
Enthusiastic Kneippists in Golden Gate ParK TaKing Their Daily Morning WalK Over the Dewey Grass.
Sketched by a Call artist.
Cold Water Drenches for Special Cases.
ever their names, have their origin and
germ in the blood. Order consists in
proportion, and too much or too little
tempo in the circulation of the biood, or
the penetration of foreien elements,
disturbs the peace and concord and
changes health to sickness."
"But how is the cure effected?"
"Don't you see," replied Mem Herr,
"how easy the cure is as soon as we
know that every disease is caused by
disturbances of the blood? The work of
healing can only consist in one of two
tasks: Either to lead the irregularly
circulating blood to its normal course
or to endeavor to evacuate the bad
juices, the morbid matter, which dis
turb the right combination of the
blood."
"And does water really accomplish
this?"
"Undoubtedly, by dissolving, evacu
ating — washing off as it were, and by
strengthening."
"Would you undertake to cure any
disease by the water cure?"
"We believe that water, in particular
Father Knelpp's water cure, will heal
any disease that is in any way curable.
We insist on simple nourishing house
hold fare not spoiled by art or strong
spices. The drink should be the genu
ine one offered by God in every well
or spring. But we do not forbid an
occasional glass of wine or beer."
"Do you use any medicine?"
"Only teas, extracts, oils and pow
ders made from medicinal herbs by
house. It was said at the time that
several gilded gallants, through unre
quited love, were driven to suicide by
her siren eyes.
Her Parisian experiences, however,
made her so notorious that it was not
long before the history of her life be
came revealed. Again she was forced
by the authorities to change her resi
dence.
Thereupon she repaired to London,
where she introduced herself as the
Prince Troubetzkoy. It was by this
title that she was usually known after
ward. Her life in London was some
what more retired, although the name
she assumed figures very prominently
in several scandals of that time.
Tiring of the quiet life that circum
stances necessitated in the English cap
ital, the Princess was next seen at
Rome. Her old life as an actress and
cantatrice was continued. Such deli
cate blonde beauty as the Princess pos
sessed was somewhat novel on the
Italian stage, and her notoriety became
unbounded. While in the Eternal City
she met with a class quite new to her.
Of all cities for resourceful and noble
adventurers Rome perhaps should take
precedence. It was among this strange
gentry that she first received instruc
tion in the arts that gave her name
its present pre-eminence. That she was
ambitious to be queen of all adven
turesses very soon became apparent.
Having evolved a plan for the better
ment of her fortune she once more as
sumed an alias, terming herself Arch
duchess of Austria-Este, and re-entered
Berlin on a tidal wave of success.
She rented a mansion in the highly
aristocratic West End of the city and
furnished it most sumptuously. A lady
of most distinguished manner posed as
her mother and lent to ev«ry festivity |
Father Kneipp."
I talked with every one of these ard
ent Kneippists who each morning come
to the park to walk in the grass wet
with the dew. They all claimed that
they were infinitely better. Their dis
eases ran from giddiness to gout, from
malaria to mumps, but the walking in
the dew was prescribed for all.
"Have you lost your headache?" ask
ed some one.
"Blessing of Father Kneipp and his
system, yes! But who would dare to
have a headache on such a morning in
such a place?"
'"If you cannot sleep at night get up
and take an all over cold ablution and
without drying go back to bed. Repeat
this if you wake up again," advises
Herr Willman.
We had now walked the required
twenty minutes and were back at the
grass plat which the policeman in that
vicinity call the "feet plat." We found
him standing by one of the benches.
"Sorry I came too late to see you
walk this morning," he remarked, jo
cosely.
The Kneippist exchanged greetings
with him and then passed on.
When we parted at the entrance of
the park the blind woman raised her
sightless eyes and said, "Thank God
for the dew, which has cured the hem
orrhages of my eyes."
"Aquae omnes laudent nomen Dom
ini," responded Herr Willman. Which
the gray haired man kindly translated
a certain dignity which warded off all
suspicion of Maria being a counterfeit
Archduchess. Moreover, the guests
were as a rule of the younger set of the
nobility, and young nobility does not
ask many questions if it is enjoying it
self.
Several suave and handsome gentle
men were employed by the designing
lady to act as promoters of her well
laid scheme. The duty of these gentle
men, all of most sociable character, was
to suggest after the dances a little
game, usually rouge et noir. By their
astute manipulation of the cards they
made the tide of luck run deep and
strong in favor of their fair employer.
Months slipped by and Maria's man
sion became a favorite resort for the
young noblesse who desired to spend
a few hours at a private gaming table.
Fate was literally showering gold on
the beautiful adventuress.
Among the guests at her house one
evening was a certain young gentle
man by the name of Carl Ritter. He
was the son of an eminent professor at
the Royal University, who had amassed
considerable riches and had retired
from active life. His son was a hand
some man, universally liked not alone
for the money which he lavished on all
around him but also for his genial ways
and splendid talents.
No sooner had Carl let his eyes fall
on his radiant hostess than he fell
hopelessly in love with her. So perse
vering was he in his attentions to her
that Maria, ever alert, quickly discov
ered the state of his feelings for her.
She encouraged young Ritter in his
attentions and appeared on her part to
reciprocate the affection he felt for
her.
She made private disclosures of a
fictitious which deeply im
pressed the youth with the nobility and
for me as "All ye waters, praise the
name of the Lord!"
■ m ■
It is said Mr. Drexel, the banker, is
contemplating the sale of his yacht, the
Margarita, to the King of the Belgians.
The yacht is painted snow-white, with the
exception of the lower part, which is a
vivid emerald green, and the contrast
between the blue Mediterranean sky and
sea is exquisite. It is a big boat, with
perfect fittings, built more for comfort
than for a large number of passengers.
The owner's cabin is a handsome apart
ment, large as an ordinary bedroom, en
tirely upholstered in white, the hangings
and bed coverings being of white velvet.
In the fascinating little kitchen two chefs
are always hard at work. The crew is
composed of over fifty men.
The agitation in regard to wearing os
prey feathers has had one effect in Eng
land. The War Office has issued orders
forbidding the use of osprey feathers on
military helmets, though it may be some
time before a substitute can be found.
the greatness of hia beloved. She had
several Interviews with Ritter's father,
during which she made him also a vic
tim of her fascinating personality. He
gave full credence to her alluring story.
Once a week at least the pair of sup
posed lovers were seen in their carriage
on the Unter den Linden, and every
where it began to be whispered that
young Ritter was surely most fortunate
In being the favored one of the beauti
ful Archduchess.
Finally, when matters had progressed
to a fairly favorable point, Maria In
duced her fond dupe to advance various
sums, supposedly to assist her in fight
ing for her rights in an Austrian court.
She had divulged the facts of her early
life, merely transposing names and
places. If her lover ever proved re
luctant when a fresh demand for money
was made she always gained her point
by holding out the tempting bait of a
speedy marriage upon conclusion of the
litigation.
At last, when their fortunes were
ruined, the Ritters discovered the bit
ter truth. They attempted to obtain
redress through the courts, but their
efforts proved futile. Before revenge
of another character could be taken the
wily "Archduchess" had hastened to
foreign fields.
The Princess then became one of
those noble nomads which are met
with in Europe, ever on the watch for
an opportunity to accomplish their evil
aims.
Her suicide cannot be a matter of
surprise to those who have heard of her
strange life.
For the first time =an English railway
company has printed a twenty-four-hour
; time table. := This Is the v Great Eastern
i Company's ; table ,■ of =. the ,new : director™
ice. to Spa. .Thus, we read -that the] serv
ico : from ; Spa leaves/ at ,44 past 14 'and ar
Ready for His Walk.
rives at Antwerp at 38 past 18. The Great
Eastern is obliged to print its time ta
bles, as far as they concern the Belgian
lines, in this way, because the twenty
four-hour system has been made compul
sory on the Belgian state railways. The
system only came into operation this
year, and the Belgians have settled down
to it. The faces of the railway clocks
have been altered to bring them into har
mony with the time tables, and while the
old enumeration to 12 o'clock is retained,
there is a second circ/e of figures carry
ing on the time to 24 o'clock.—Birming
ham Gazette.
"A good general never overlooks a
point in the game," said an ex-army
officer who grieves because time has
ruled him out of the service. "Nothing
escapes him, and that should be re
membered by these curbstone and cor
ner grocery strategists who gather a
little surface information and then
howl because campaigns are not car
ried on in accordance with their plans.
"Apropos to this I recall what seemed
a little thing that happened before we
attacked Fort Donelson, and yet there
is no measuring the effect it may hava
had upon history. General Grant called
a council of war to consider whether
they should attack at once or give the
troops a few days' rest. The other offi
cers favored a rest, while Grant smoked
and gave n.o opinion.
" 'There was a deserter brought in
this morning,' the general finally said.
'Let us see him and hear wl t he has
to say.'
"The first thing Grant did when the
fellow came in was to- open up his
knapsack. 'Where are you from?' the
general then asked.
" 'Fort Donelson.'
" 'You have six days' rations, I see.
When were they served?'
" 'Yesterday morning, sir.'
" 'Were the same rations served to all
the troops?'
" 'Yes, sir.'
" 'Gentlemen,' said Grant, 'troops do
not have six days' rations served out
to them In a fort if they mean to stay
there. These men mean to retreat, not
to fight. We will attack at once-"
1920
DUCKS AND RABBITS
BY THE CARTLOAD
Lively Scenes in the Same .Market Before
Sunrise. When the Peddlers Gather '
to Bid for Supplies.
NO pickee, no plckee; take 'em
straight. One dollar a dozen;
take 'em straight."
Thus the game salesman
shouts, as he mounts guard over
a huge pile of very dilapidated-looking
hares, heaped up anyhow on the dirty
board floor. An assistant, cutting open
sack after sack, is constantly adding
to the furry mass. All around swarms
a crowd of rather disreputable-looking
foreigners. There are black-bearded,
voluble Italians, swarthy Greeks and
Portuguese, vivacious Frenchmen, men
of every southern nationality, all show
ing signs of poverty in greater or less
degree.
The stentorian cry of "rabbittee" is
heard constantly through the Latin
quarter, where the people, If they must
have cheap food, like it to be savory.
And probably you can get more satis
faction for your money, that is if you
are not very particular, out of a rab
bit at fifteen cents, or two for a quar
ter, than from anything else. But you
must not attend the sales in the morn
ing and see the manner in which the
game is handled.
Just now, owing to the long spell of
hot and dry weather, all kinds of game
are scarce and of poor quality and the
odor arising from the heap of hares is
not of the pleasantest. Hence the
anxiety of the buyers to make a good
selection; hence the watchfulness of the
salesman. To the purchaser the mat
ter is of the utmost importance, for to
him it means a livelihood, the scanty
daily bread which he must earn by a
long day's weary tramp through the
crowded streets of the quarter. And
the margin is so small that two or three
unsalable rabbits, left on his hands
at the close of the day, would absorb
all his profits.
The price remains pretty steady at a
dollar a dozen, and each itinerant ven
dor is usually content with a dozen.
These he retails at fifteen cents ea.ch,
or two for a quarter, so that his earn
ings cannot at the outside exceed eighty
cents. If he makes fifty or sixty he
will be well content, for life is cheap
in the district and scanty food and
lodging can well be supplied for this
sum.
"We have to have eyes in the back
of our head here," said the salesman.
"They're up to every trick you can
think of. Look at that fellow turning
over the heap. Watch him and you
will see the game he is up to."
I saw a dark-complexioned, ragged
man examining the condition of the
heap. But somehow, as he continued
his investigations, certain hares would,
In a mysterious way, apparently of
their own volition, detach themselves
from the center of the pile and slide to
one end. It need scarcely be added that
these animals were the largest and
freshest in the whole assortment. When
the process was completed the man,
having arranged matters to his own
satisfaction, offered innocently to take
a dozen from the end of the artistically
prepared pile. Of course he didn't get
them, but he was not in the least dis
concerted at the discovery of his trick.
At last, after a great deal of hag
gling and compromising, the buyer pro
duces from some hidden recess in his
ragged clothing a gTeasy dollar, and,
packing his dozen hares into a sack,
departs to enliven the morning air with
his cries. The pile of hares gradually
disappears, and I have time to take in
my surroundings.
Two policemen, having apparently
nothing better to do, laugh and joke
with the odd collection of miscellane
ous humanity. They have met them
every morning for months, if not years;
they know the peculiarities of each of
the ragamuffin vendors.
"Steal?" said an officer; "why of
course they will if they get the chance.
But we watch them too closely. Some
times we get left, though. Only the
other day a Dago worked off a very
neat trick at this place. He bought a
dozen rabbits, put them in a sack and
left the sack leaning up against the
wall. As if by accident, the sack was
next to another containing three dozen
mallard ducks, worth, say $15. Ido
not know how it happened, but when
the Dago returned for his rabbits a fit
of absentmindedness overcame him
and he picked up the ducks by mis
take. Jsot a bad exchange, was it?
And we haven't caught him yet."
It is not yet dawn, and outside all is
chilly darkness. Within the electric
light casts a glare over the busy scene.
Early though it be, there are men who
get up every morning of their lives at
this unearthly hour, in order to secure
a supply of game for the dainty citizens
of San Francisco. Outside the street
Is crowded with wagons. A delivery
van rattles up every few minutes and
deposits sacks of game. These are cut
open quickly and the contents dumped
on the floor. It is a miscellaneous col
lection, for the consignments are most
ly from individual market hunters and
each man sends down whatever he can
Bhcot or snare. It goes something like
this, as an attendant rapidly counts
them over: Eight sprig, ten teal, two
email; throe white geese, five gray
geese, and so on."
"Hullo! What's this?" cries the
sorter, suddenly pausing In his task;
"two tame ducks, fine large birds, too."
The man who sent the ducks must
have been an enterprising gunner.
Doubtless in his rambles he had come
across some farmer's poultry flock, and
as nobody happened to be about had
bagged a couple of the finest birds.
Then, again, there may be mallard,
or canvasback, or widgeon, or red
heads, quail and snipe, doves and larks
— all in small numbers and assorted
lots. It is the commission agent's busi
ness to reduce this confusion to busi
nesslike order, and he does it with the
ease of a practiced hand. His sales
room is little more than a shed, open
along the whole street frnnt and stack
ed with a miscellaneous collection of
articles, »U of which he is anxious to
dispose of. The beams of the roof are
Watson Brown's Skin
Was Used for Purses.
An Incident of the John Brown Raid Where a Human Hide Was Turned Into Belts
and Slippers After the Methods of Seme of the Society Girls of This City, as
Told in Last Sunday's Call. How the Union Soldiers Avenged the Barbaric
Act Is Toid Below,
THE publication in last Sunday's
Call of the story on "The Traffic
in Human Hide" has brought to
light a historical incident in that
line which has never before been
published. The facts all hang
around the revenge taken on old John
Brown and his family of abolition
fame. The outrage was perpetrated
by medical students on the body of
young Watson Brown, son of John
Brown, who fell during the raid on
Harper's Ferry in October, 1859. It
was in the fullness of time avensred by
the burning of the famous Winchester
(Ye.) Medical College, shortly after the
bare and unadorned, the whitewashed
walls are scribbled over with crude car
icatures and sarcastic comments on the
habitues of the place. Everything is
rough and unfinished, not to say dirty,
but evidently the people of the place
have no time to spare for useless dec
oration. They must be, if they wish to
succeed in the face of pressing compe
tition, smart business men, and nothing
else.
Just now, because it Is early morn
ing, the salesman is giving his whole
Street Peddlers Crowding the Game Market Before Sunrise to Get ttye PicK of the Invoices.
attention to game. Later on it will
be fruit or ve^eU.bles, or hides, or any^
other salable commodity which ma>H
be sent in by his country customers.^
A little knot of buyers, representing the,
leading marketmen, or dealers in
game, gathers round the birds. These^
are the men who rise early in the^
morning in order to get the pick of the ,
market. They all know each other^
and watch each other's movements^
with the jealousy of rivals. Long ago^
they have been down to the dock or ,
the depot and have ascertained exactly^
what game has come in, and which oli
the many commission houses it is con-^
signed to. Then they make their,
round of the sales, buying ducks here^
and teal there, anything and every-H
thing they can get hold of at a reas-^
onable price.
"It is one of the worst seasons we'
have had for years," said a leading^
marketman, as he pointed to his scant-,
ily covered counter. "Look at those.,
canvasbacks, dried up and miserable."
Any other time I would be ashamed"
to show them, but we must have some
game to sell, and this is the best we can.
do just now."
It is the same story everywhere. Lack"
of water and food has driven the birds"
from their accustomed haunts, and in
many cases has prevented them from.,
breeding. Then the cold weather has^
not fully set in up north, so that the"
migratory birds have not yet sought *
refuce in sunny California. *
J. F. ROSE-SOLEY. 
advent of the first Federal troops into
that historical town.
Watson Brown, some 25 years of age,
and his younger brother, Oliver, were
members of the party which their
father led to Harper's Ferry at the
time of his famous raid on the night of
October 16, 1859. In the fighting which
ensued between the citizens and the
raiders Watson Brown was mortally
wounded and his brother killed instant
ly. Both were carried into the engine
house, where their father and the main
body of the party had taken refuge.
Watson expired a few hours later. The
two bodies, with others of the party
who were killed in the building, were
found when the place was carried by
assault by the United States marines.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CAT^L, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1898.
In the absence of any claimants they
were turned over a3 the bodies of fel
ons to the representatives of the medi
cal college located at the town of Win
chester, thirty miles distant. AH the
bodies were subsequently devoted to
purposes of dissection, except that of
Watson Brown; his body, being a good
specimen of physical development, was
reserved and prepared for permanent
use in the demonstration of anatomy.
Had the medical men stopped at what
was only necessary to effect this object
the whole matter might never have be
come known beyond the walls of the
college.
Watson Brown's body was flayed and
the skin cut in pieces and distributed
] to a number of the students as souve-
I nirs of the most exciting and memor
; able incident of the time. Some hail
, their pieces tanned and made into
i purses, belts, suspenders, shoestrings
I and other things; one had a hunting
belt made from the skin off the back,
another a riding whip from the untaii
ned skin of the right leg, and yet an
other was said to have had a pair of
bedroom slippers made from the skin
| of the feet.
The more or less, open exhibition of
these things by the students of course
COLOR PHOTOGRAPHS
MADE BY A S AN FRANCISCO.
New process invented and patented that gives remarkable results. Elaborate views are
being made for exhibition at an early date.
l TT YOUNG San Francisco genius, :
/\ wno has for years been secret
y L- 1 ly struggling with the baffling
± \^ problems of color photography, '
has just received a patent for
an invention that is a notable
►•advance in this field.
► Some specimens of his photography
►in colors has been exhibited among
►prominent local amateurs within the
►past few days and they have excited
►•wonder and astonishment, not because
are fine photographs in color from
artistic standpoint, for there Is
rudeness about the color work,
.but because they are real photographs
in color, not hand painted, and because
►of the possibilities this achievement of
►local genius suggests.
The young man'B name is Corwin
Gitchell, and it seems probable that be
fore a very great while his invention
will enable the enthusiastic amateur
photographer to easily and cheaply re
produce the blue of his sky, the green
of his woods and fields and the red of
the roses in his foreground, and this
in the natural tints of these colors and
with the taking of one print in a usual
way, He will be able to do this by
buying a certain new kind of printing
paper at any dealer's.
Mr. Gitchell's invention is a success
ful mutiple-printing paper. It uses
ordinary negatives taken in the ordi
nary way. The printing is done about
as in the well-known carbon process,
an old process which has recently been
revived with improvements and which
Is one of the latest photographic fads
of the daj' on account of the beauty of I
the work and the opportunities for the
play of skill. Used in this way, Mr.
Gitchell's invention produces photo
graphs in two, three or more colors, and
furthermore — and this is the most im
portant pomt — it produces tints and
shades of these colors.
This is the theory. The process is odd
and simple, but dependent o-n much skill |
and delicacy in the preparation of the j
paper and to a considerable extent in !
the process of printing. In the process:
of printing the paper is used quite as '
in the carbon process, and It ie neces- I
soon noised the matter well abroad in
the town of Winchester and the country
around. The better-minded people of
the community were shocked and con
demned the act itself, the instincts
which prompted it and the spirit in
which it was done. Many a young man
attending the college afterward found
the doors of hospitable houses closod In
his face.
In March, 1862, Stonewall Jackson
fell back up the valley from Winches -
j ter and the first Union troops, under
General Banks, entered the town. They
came direct from Harper's Ferry, the
scene of John Brown's raid, and
Charlestown, where he had been im
prisoned, tried and hanged. They had
i been over the whole ground, where the
I memory of every incident was fresh
! ened, every sympathy was quickened,
i and the opportunity for vengeance was
j before them. Yet they left the family
i of Captain Avis, Brown's jailer, undis
turbed. The courthouse in which his
trial was held and his death sentence
pronounced and the jail from which he
! was taken to the scaffold were left un
touched. They passed the houses of
the jurymen about Charlestown who
convicted him and the house of Judge
Parker, who sentenced him. None cf
them called for retribution in the minds
i sary to understand this process to com- ;
I prehend Mr. Gitchell's invention. In I
the more usual processes of these days r
a sensitized paper is used and the pic- |
ture I 3 the result of the light alfecting j
the color of this paper as it passes ■■
through the negative.
In the carbon process paper is not
sensitized and merely serves as a back- !
ground and as a backing for the pic
ture, as a canvas serves a painting. In
the carbon process what is sensitive to j
light and what serves to make the pic- j
ture is a thin layer of soluble gelatin
resting on the paper and adhering to it.
This layer of gelatin is translucent and !
sensitized. It is not transparent. When
the negative is laid over it the light |
passes through into the gelatin in vary
ing degrees of intensity and so gradu
ally affects it in varying degrees. The
effects of the light may be said to eat
their way down through it. The light
turns the gelatin darfc, but it also
makes insoluble the parts it has af
fected. The portions underneath not
yet changed by the light are soluble in
warm water. When sufficiently ex
posed the paper with its gelatin film is
placed in warm water, when two results
follow — the film floats away from the
paper and the lines, flakes and patches
of it not made insoluble by the light are
quickly dissolved. The film is floated
over another paper, to which it ad
heres when dry, bottom side up. Al
though the eye cannot detect it the
surface of the film is a mass of peaks,
slopes and valleys, with here ana there
holes through which the paper sho-ws
white. The darkened film shows lines
and tones, which depend on its thick
ness, as the tone of a wash drawing
depends on the amount of ink laid on.
Now what Mr. Gitchell does is to dre
ate a gelatin film just like this, except
that instead of one homogeneous stra
tum of geJatin he makes a gelatin film
containing colors in strata. For in
stance, on top is a layer of blue pig
ment, then one of green and then one
of, perhaps, brown. The three together
J are not thicker than a very thin card
j board. To quickly comprehend it one
! should imagine a rough country built
i up of three main strata of rocks of as
■ many colors. Then the mountains and
1 table lands might appear blue, the foot
of the Northern soldiers, violent aboli
tionists though many of them were.
The medical college stood within the
corporate limits of Winchester. On the
hills along the road on which it stood
' the major part of Banks' army was en
camped — men from Massachusetts, Con
necticut, New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio,
Indiana and Michigan. The road be
tween the camps and the town was
thronged with them all day, pass
ing and repassing the college.
One morning about a week after their
arrival a. large crowd was seen to
gather in the street and about the col
lege grounds. The story of the indigni
ties that had been heaped upon the
body of Watson Brown had been
learned by some of the soldiers from a
negro in the neighborhood. The sol
diers stopped before the college and
gazed at it. Others came and the tale
was repeated again and again. Soon
the crowd had swelled to hundreds. A
rush was made and down went the
fence. The doors were battered open
and in a moment the torch was laid in
twenty places — and the college building
and furniture paid for the outrage upon
the body of young Watson Brown.
Judge Parker's residence stood but
a few- hundred feet away, yet was nut
harmed. He had acted under the law
and had not outraged decency and
humanity. BY AN EYE-WITNESS.
A scheme has been worked out in Stock
holm for the utilization of part of the
100.000 horsepower running to waste in the
waterfall of Elfkarleby. 100 miles distant
from that city. The idea of transmitting
this power to Stockholm has exercised
the minds of the citizens for some time
past, and has within the last few months
assumed a more practical form, several
engineers and electricians having been
commissioned to work out a detailed
scheme. I
hills green and the valleys red, vritft4
elevations and depressions displaying^
the color of the strata exposed. 4
The light affects this stratified gelatin
exactly as in the carbon process, and 1
the soluble portions are similarly^
washed away. The "high lights" eat to
the lowest stratum and when the light" l
is faint the to-p stratum remains. FronH
top to bottom the stratified film is af-^
fected exactly in proportion to the in
tensity of the light. J
All this implies great delicacy of skilH
somewhere, and that is what Mr.^
Gitchell attained after four or five years .
of devoted labor. He found a way asj
Edison found a way to make the phono--i
graph delicate enough. A similar idea^
has been tried before, but in a different^
and in an unsuccessful way. One fea
tuie which Gitchell has originated is ai
way to get the pigments distributed in
regular strata through a homogeneous
mass of gelatin without putting down
one layer over another and having a
sharp line of division between them,
and so giving a sharp transition from
one color to another. With monumental
patience he has worked out a way or
so selecting and grinding the pigments
that each will settle in its own stratum
and yet blend with the next one as do
the colors of the spectrum. It is to this
arrangement of the coloring matters
that his success in obtaining tints and
shades is due.
By thus inventing a paper which de
velops various colors under an ordinary
negative Mr. Gitchell gets true color
effects without accomplishing true color
photography. The colors produced are
limited to the colors in the film. He
hopes to be able to use five or six in
stead of three. He has never experi
mented with portrait work, but judging
from his other work his paper ought to
show the red roses and green birds on
my lady's hat, the hue of the toper's
nose and the blue eyes of the blushing
maiden.
' But this is only a step toward the
goal of Gitchell's ambition. He is
wrestling with the real secrets of color
photography and he displays the in
ventor's sublime devotion to a purpose.
He has been a writer for photographic
magazines and has been wrapped up in
photography for years.
WILL TAKE THE PLACE
OF FATHER DAMIEN
Brother Victor on .His Way to Do Jill tb.e
Sood He Can on tfee Leper Isle
of .Molokai.
SIX priests and lay brothers of the Congregation of the Sacred Hearts of
Jesus and Mary have just arrived her& on their way to various mission
ary posts among the islands of the Pacific. The Rev. Father Matthias,
provincial and provictor, who is in charge of the party, has labored twen
ty-eight years among the natives of the Hawaiian Islands.
They are fired by holy enthusiasm to devote their lives to the amelior
ation of their fellow men. One of them, Brother Bernardinus, will go to the
wilds of the Marquesas, there to teach and catechise the islanders. Brother
Victor will live among the lepers of Molokai. It has been his earnest de
sire for years to do this, and he goes with a full knowledge of what his end
may be. The others are Brother Ulric, deacon, and youngest of the party;
Brother Aloysius, sub-deacon, and Brother Theophilus, sub-deacon.
I AM no loathsome leper, look on
me."
He Is worth looking on, this
Brother Victor, who is Immolating
his fresh, comely youth to follow in
the devoted steps of Father Damien.
A rosy-cheeked, merry lad, suggesting
a "mother's boy" of seventeen despite
; his twenty-three summers, looking as if
life's cares and sorrows were beyond
i his ken, he is the very last person you
would think of as companion and nurse
to the "loathsome leper" of Molokai.
Yet Brother — or, to give him his real
title, Deacon Victor — without self-con
sciousness or self-pity, without a pang
of regret for the glad world he leaves
behind him, is taking his joyous inno
cence to the Isle of Sorrow, content if
he can bear the sunshine of human
sympathy to those who sit in the
shadow of death. Verily, as you look
upon him yc?u realize the power of a
religion which secures such cheerful,
unhesitating self-sacriflce.
You cannot do more than look, unless
you be an apt German scholar, for this
young Victor, of Alsatian birth, speaks
neither French nor English; but his
boyish face talks clearly enough as he
hints to the father provincial that there
are excellent gastronomic reasons why
an interview should not be unduly pro
longed.
"See what it is to be young," says the
good Father Matthias, shaking his
head. "These young folks of mine are
everlastingly hungry. To be sure they
have had a rough time of it lately. We
came through America without sleeping
cars. Why not? They are all strong,
healthy lads, and I thought a little
hardship would not harm them." The
father quietly ignores his own maturer
years and somewhat worn physique.
"But it was not a luxurious journey,"
he continues. "We picked up what food
came in our way, living principally on
biscuits and fruit, so now that we have
Porto Rico Women
Make Beautiful Pictures
NO one ever walks in Porto Rico.
The mule's the thing there. The
women ride a great deal. The bet
ter classes use the English side
saddle, although a few prefer the
more picturesque and safer but less
graceful Spanish saddle. In the coun
try districts the pillion is occasionally
employed, while among the lower
classes many women ride astride with
out exciting comme-t. When the na- j
tives are both pretty and good riders j
they display considerable coquetry in
the saddie.
I noticed one rider near Juana Diaz
who took my mind back to the old days
of chivalry. She was a lovely girl of
about 15 or 16, with a face like a Ma- i
donna and a figure like an artist's !
model. One little foot crept out be- j
neath her silk riding skirt, and to my
surprise it was devoid of hosiery. The '■
skin was like polished velvet, and was
of a pinkish gold of an exouislte tint.
It was shod with a slipper of satin or
silk, embroidered in color, and had an '
not only a fine American city to admire,
but also a fine American menu to study,
I assure you my lads never overlook the
dinner hour."
And the father smiles his quiet, in
dulgent smile, the outcome of that
broader paternity which is the only
family affection allowed to the Cathoiic
priest.
There are five of these "strong,
healthy lads" under his sheltering wing,
all bound on a career of island useful
ness. Young Father Bernardin, a Ger
man who has resided in Spain and
picked up a little French during a six
months' residence at the "mother
house" in Paris, goes to the Mar
quesas, where, thanks to civilizing in
fluences, he will ttnd few natives left
for him to devote himself to.
Three others. Deacon Ulric and Sub-
Deacons Theophilus and Aloysius, ac
company Father Limburg to Honolulu,
where he has already spent twenty
seven years of usefulness among the
affectionate, gentle Kanakas. There are
twentyone of these missionaries of the
Sacred Heart in the Sandwich Islands,'
and, curiously enough, though their
"mother house" is in Paris, their na
tionality is by no means mainly French.
Germany, Belgium and Holland are
equally well represented, though the
headship of France is upheld by the
Archbishop, who hails from Brittany.
Sixty-one years agcr the fathers first
attempted the conversion of the Sand
wich Islanders, only to be persecuted
and driven forth with ignominy; but in
1840, thanks to the efforts of Captain
Laplace, they were enabled to return,
establishing themselves on a firm foot
ing, und ever since they have gone on
their gentle way, doing what they
could for the natives and keeping clear
of conflict with the whites of another
persuasion.
On the question of annexation they
decline to have any views whatever.
"The church bows to the powers that
be and does not meddle with politics,"
is the firm answer of Father Ldmburg,
or Father Matthias, as the provincial
is sometimes called. But he owns that
his sympathies naturally lie with the
Kanakas, to whom he has so long min
istered, and that it is a sorrowful thing
to see the race dying out, as dark races
invariably die out under the influence
of the white man. "A lovable, child
like, soft people," he says tenderly,
"easy to manage, easy to teach, in
tensely musical and emotional. Suited
to the relir : '-us life? Oh, dear no, we
should never think of allowing such a
thing; it would inevitably mean fail
ure.''
"But It has been successfully tried
with the SamoansV' we urge. "The
Samoan nuns are exceptionally devoted
and single-minded."
"I know," he answers, gravely, "I
have heard of them; but the Samoans
are a finer, sturdier race with consid
erable character; they can be depended
upon. Our Hawaiians are lovable,
without stability or backbone. We take
them as they are, but we dare not per
mit life vows that would only be
brok*©."
After all, though, in these days of
missionary ease and consideration, our
main interest does not lie with the
priests laboring in the sunnier Sand
wich Isles. It centers around that
plague-stricken spot for which yon
happy-faced lad i 3 bound, and we
eagerly evoke Father Limburgr's rem
iniscences of Molokai and Father Da
mien, he of the athletic frame and un
flinching nerve, who won his martyr
dom by his determined, sympathetic
humanity.
Two priests devote themselves per
manently to the work with the assist
ance of four brothers. A fifth helper
claims the spclal interest of Americans:
of their own kith and kin the so-called
"Brother" Joseph Dutton went to Molo
kai twelve years ago to nurse Father
Damien. There he has remained ever
since, held by no vows, for he took
that of brotherhood for one year only
and never renewed it; but devotion to
the ostracised binds his heart to the Isle
of Sorrows, and he is noted among all
that little band of unselfish workers
for his loving self-abnegation.
Even in Molokai, however, sunshine
slants across some lives. Lepers who
marry to share their misery frequently
become parents of happy, healthy chil
dren, and these, in the case of girls,
are forwarded to the Receiving Hos
pital at Honolulu, where the good
Franciscan sisters train them and send
them out into that world v'rom which
their parents are exiled. Neither are
the young folks left in Molokai, with
the hereditary taint upon them, wholly
to be pitied. Kindness and thoughtful
intelligence do much to brighten their
lives and there are gladsome traditions
of the day when Robert Louis Steven
son Father Damien's brilliant apolo
gist landed on the Isle of Sorrows,
romped with the boys, taught the girls
cricket and left memories behind him
of a laughing, sympathetic holiday.
He seems to be the only Protestant
who has had the nerve or the will to
bring sunshine to the Molokai leper;
so far, the Catholic alone, priest or nun,
has landed on that dreaded isle for un
selfish ministrations; and with loving
thought of the boyish hearted writer
who played with the Molokai leper we
give one last glance at the boyish faced
deacon, Victor, who is also taking
youth and joy to gambol on the stricken
isle. ROSE DE BOHEME.
arched instep which made the foot all
the more charming by its setting.
The time to see the women at their
best is on Sunday morning, when they
ride from their homes to mass in the
nearest church or cathedral. On one
Sunday morning, while riding leisurely
into a small village on my way to this
town, I met a crowd of worshipers on
their way to mass. Nearly all the
women were on muleback and sat or
lolled as if they were in an easy chair
in their own homes. A few, probably
wealthier than the others, or else deli
cate in health, were accompanied by
little darky boys, who held over them
a parasol or an umbrella.
On Sunday each woman wears a huge
rosary, sometimes so large as to be un
comfortable. I saw several that were
so unwieldy that they went over the
shoulders and formed a huge line,
larger indeed than a string of sleigh
bells. These are ornamental rosaries
and are not used for prayer. The pray
ing rosary is as small and dainty as
those used by fashionable women in our
own Roman Catholic churches.Si
La
Sol
Fa
Mi
Re
Do
Boom!
Now it's the cornet, then the piccolo!
then the drum. Then all three com
bined with all the other instruments of
a brass ban. 3.
It's the Llvermore Young Ladies'
Brass Band practicing.
The girls are all pretty, and claim
that theirs is the only brass band in
the State. At any rate, they are being
encouraged by tho good people of Liv
ire, and are getting lots of fun and
Instruction out of it.
It is some six weeks since the young
ladies of Livermore concluded to or
ganize a brass band. W. C. Beach was
ed for instructor and a room over
Liverniore Bank -was rented for
practice purposes.
The orijrinat r of ' c idea was Miss
Aggie Dolan, a popular young lady mv-
Fician who was making a special study
of the cornet. It has been through her
efforts that the band was put on a
sound basis and kept there.
In spite of the short time the band
has been in existence it does some very
Women Famous in Science
A COMPLETE treatment of this
subject is to be found in a work
by Rebiere, "Les Femmes dans
la Science," a second edition of
which has just been published in
Paris. In this edition Mr. Kebiere has
arranged in alphabetical order the
names of all women who have publicly
engaged in scientific work. From a
brief resume of this work by Senator
Paolo Mantegazza in Nuova Antologia
we take the foilowing:
Maria Agnesi, at least for the Ital
lans, is the most illustrious among wo
sclentlsts. It was Bhe who was
. tli-> oracle of sev<*n languages.
She was born in 17LS of noble parents.
In 375, i. Theon, professor of science
in the < <-!<;-brated school of Alexandria,
fhter was born. This was the dis
tinguished Hypatia. It seems that in
arly youth she went to Athens,
where Bhe attended the lessons of Plu
tarch the younger and his daughter
Asclej Igenia, who together directed the
; hi!< .^..; hii al school. Leaving her coun
try as a pupil, she returned as master,
and the magistrates of Alexandria in
vited her to lecture in public. Later
she taught mathematics and philoso
phy. She also taught geometry, algebra
and astronomy, and several inventions j
are attributed to her, as the aerometer,
planisphere, astrolabe and the alembic.
Beside these two great stars, Hypatia
and Agnesi. we can introduce a num
ber of minor planets, all of whom re
volved In the great heaven of mathe- .
clever work. Of course, all the mem
bers have had the advantage of a iun
damental musical knowledge *> et ° re
they joined the band. This has been a
great help to them and has served to
make their work of organization easier.
But even considering this fact, Mr.
Beach says that he never saw such
rapid progress made by a band. He
has organized several bands during his
residence in California, and speaks
from a thorough knowledge.
The practice nights of the young la
dies' brass band are Tuesday and Fri
day of each we«.k. but there are nearly
always several members in the rooms
trying to conquer some of the obstinate
instruments. It is difficult work to
learn to play the cornet or the trom
bone, but the young ladies have made
up their minds to do so, and seem to
be in a fair way to succeed.
As well as acquiring proficiency on
the instrument they have elected to
play many of them are making special
efforts to become expert on several in
struments, so as to change. Their idea
Is to be able to take up any of the in
struments in case a certain member is
compelled to be absent.
This band has been organized entirely
for pastime. The members have no
intention of appearing in public, ex
cept perhaps at an occasional concert
or for charity. The idea is social en
joyment and musical improvement.
Here are the names of the members
matical and astronomical science. To
Margaret Bryan, an English astrono
mer of the beginning of our century,
I we owe several works on astronomy,
hydrostatics, etc.
Miss Clark is our contemporary. She
was born in the south of Ireland, and
is author of a "Popular History of As
tronomy in the Nineteenth Century,"
which has already passed through sev
eral editions, and other astronomical
works.
Maria Cunitz (1610-64) of Silesia,
through her astronomical works pub
lished in 1650, merits her title of "the
second Hypatia."
S<.!ia Germain, born at Paris in 1776,
was said by Biot to be "probably the
person of her sex who has most deeply
penetrated into mathematics."
Caroline Herschel, sister of the great
astronomer, passed entire nights with
him observing the stars, aiding him
most efficiently, and herself discovering
comets. She died at the age of 98, In
IS4B.
Maria Margaret Kirch, born Kinkel
mann (1&60-1720), the wife of the
astronomer, continued his work after
death, studying the skies. She pub
lished an important work on the con-
Junction of Jupiter and Saturn, which
took place in 1713.
Another illustrious woman astrono
mer is Dorothea Klumpke, born at San
Francisco, who, after a splendid exam
ination at the Sorbonne, became chief
of the bureau for the photographic cat
alogue of the stars.
Madame Lepante, the Greek astrono
mer, calculated the annular eclipse of
the sun which took place In 1784, for
entire Europe. It was a woman, a
Miss Maury, to whom we are Indebted
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1898.
of the band and the instruments they
play:
Misses Agnes Dolan, cornet; Lillian
Taylor, cornet; Maud Callaghan, cor
net; Alma Garner, cornet; Lena
Philips, alto; Sadie Callaghan, alto;
Grace Sanderson, alto; Jennie Wey
mouth, trombone; Katie Dolan, tenor;
Dora Bistarious, tenor; Dora Garner,
barytone; Mayme Taylor, bass, and
Tillle Seeband, bass.
No definite date has been set for the
first concert to by given by the band,
but all th-- country for miles around is
looking forward to the event with eag
erness. Livermore residents say that
when the concert does come off the
largest hall in town will be required in
order to hold the big audience that is
sure to attend.
• • *
McMINNVILLE, OR.,
DRILL CORPS
FORTY sprightly young women of
the picturesque town of McMinn
ville, in the heart of the Willa
mette Valley, Or., have organ
ized the Manila Guards, in com-
memoration of Admiral Dewey's
great Mayday victory. Steps toward
the formation of the company were ta
ken the day after the receipt of the
for the discovery of the periodic revo
lution of some of the fixed stars, ob
served by her for the first time in the
observatory of Harvard College.
Maria Whitney was the pupil of the
great astronomer, Maria Mitchell. The
latter was born in the island of Nan
tucket, and at the a^e of 29 had already
discovered a new comet. In honor of
this discovery the King of Denmark
sent her a gold medal and her admirers
gave her a magnificent telescope. At
the age of 47 she was called to the chair
of astronomy at Vassar College, where
she afterward became director of the
observatory. She died in 1889.
Among the professors at Bryn Mawr
College we find Carlotta Angas Scot,
born at Lincoln, England, in ISSS, who
is? one of the best living mathemati
cians.
Everybody has heard of Maria Som
erville, who died at Naples in 1572 at
the age of 92. Lord Brougham, wish
ing to render popular that colossal
work by Laplace, "Mechanique Ce
leste," which was in five great volumes,
requested Miss Somerville to place this
in accessible form. "The Mechanism
of the Heavens" appeared in 1831, and
was such, a perfect work that Herschel
is said to have read it with admiration,
and only regretted that Laplace no
longer lived to admire it. Miss Somer
ville not only occupied herself with as»
tronomy. but with physical scienc*.
In addition to those already men
tioned Senator Mantegazza calls atten
tion to Laura Bassi of Bologna
(1711-73); Saint Hildegond (1100-86);
Sofia Pereyaslawzewa, celebrated for
her original observations in compara
tive anatomy: the French anthropolo
gist, Clemence Royer, and others.— The
Literary Digest. i
REVIEW OF TriE MANILA GUARDS, McMINNVILLE, OREGON.
From a PhotogTaph.
news that he had wiped out Montojo's
fleet. The llower of Yamhill County's
womanhood was picked out for mem
bership. Yamhill is noted for its pretty
girls and its .successful politicians. The
girls set to work with hearty good will,
and they were fully equipped and
drilled in time to participate in Mc-
Minnville's Fourth of July celebration,
and to be the feature of the parade.
In the latter part of August they
journeyed to Astoria and took part in
the great regatta, which is an annual
event, at the mouth of the Columbia
River. The guards made a stop at
Portland on their way to Astoria. All
Portland was on the street to greet
them. They were given a reception
LIVERMORE (CAL.) YOUNG LADIES' BRfJSS BAND.
The band Is composed of Misses Agrnes Dolan, cornet; Lillian Taylor, cornet; Maud Callaghan, cornet; Alma Garner cornet' Lena Phillips, alto; Bad!© Cal»
lagrhan, alto; Grace Sanderson, alto; Jennie Weymouth, trombone; Katie Dolan, tenor; Dora Bistarlous, tenor- Dora Garner barytone; Mayrae Taylor, bass, and
Tiille Seeband, bass. W. C. Beach, leader. '
From a Photograph.
Girls of the West
In MilitarY Array
which was no less cordial than the
farewell given to the Second Regiment
of Oregon Volunteers when the boys
marched out of the city to go to Ma
nila.
Every member of the Manila Guards
has a brother or a sweetheart with the
Oregon troops in th<- Philippines. Some
of the girls have two brothers, but none
has more than one sweetheart.
A condition precedent to membership
was that the applicant should have a
brother or sweetheart with the Oregon
Volunteers, but the line was not strict
ly drawn against a few rosy cheeked
maidens who timidly admitted that
they were just "schoolmates" with
some of the boys.
The guards keep the Oregon boys at
Manila supplied with articles which the
Red Cross and the Emergency Corps
are supposed to send, and the boys send
letters, shells and war relics in return.
The McMinnville packet is the largest
mail from Manila which passes through
the Portland postofflce.
The ages of the girls range from 16
to 21 years. They are neither city girls
nor country girls. McMinnville is a
good deal of an aristocratic old town,
with considerable to boast of in the way
of educational advancement, agricul
tural wealth and social exclusiveness.
It is near enough to Portland for its
inhabitants to call themselves city peo
ple, and still far enough away to be out
McMINNVILLE, OR.,
Has Its Brass Band
LIVERMORE, CAL,
Has Its Drill Corps
of the swim. Portland regards the
town in much the same light that New
York regards Cohoes or Poughkeepsie.
McMinnville was a sturdy village when
Indians chased deer on the site of Port
land and San Francisco was a collec
tion of huts. Yamhill has never lost
first position on pretty girls or big
apples and pumpkins. On these it
holds the palm against all Oregon — in
fact, the entire Pacific Coast.
Two essential factors enter into the
makeup of a Manila Guard. The first
is beauty and the second physical ex
cellence. There is not a girl in the
company who would not pass for hand
some in any gathering in the country.
They are all plump and shapely, toright
eyed and with cheeks like the apples
that grow in the orchards . near their
homes. They are all healthy, typical
American girls. They not only play
and sing and march, but every one of
them has been taught household work
by a good mother, and can cook a first
class meal or take charge of the pa
rental home at a moment's notice.
That is one characteristic of Oregon
mothers of the old stock who came
West when title to homes was disputed
alternately by hostile savages and wild
animals. They regard a daughter's
education complete when she can turn
out a baking of bread as readily as sh#
can touch up the piano for a solo. The
girls made their own uniforms, com
plete, except the caps and the leggings.
The guards are nearly uniformed and
equipped as nearly like voluntter sol
diers as difference in sex will permit.
The basque and skirt are of blue denim,
with white trimmings. The skirt is cut
nine inches from the ground. Tan leg
gings and a blue fatigue cap complete
the uniform. The cap is surmounted
by a' small broom brush pompon of Ma
nila hemp, wrapped with red. white and
blue cord, emblematic of the fact that
the guards are good housekeepers and
that Uncle Sam's boys in blue swept
the Spaniards out of Manila. On the
left breast is- worn a five point star,
made of Manila hemp and bound with
red, white and blue thread.
The guards have swords, belts and
haversacks. They were puf through
marching and saber drill by a veteran
of the Civil War. They have attained
high proficiency in drill, and their fame
has spread up and down the Pacific
Coast. They have been asked to give
exhibitions at various gatherings from
British Columbia to Mexico, but have
accepted but two invitations — those of
the Oregon State Fair and the Portland
Exposition.
The discipline is very rigid, which is
necessary to control forty romping,
healthy Oregon girls. When they are
in camp their quarters are inspected
daily by a board of three members, ap
pointed by the captain. Rising and re
tiring at appointed hours are required.
Breaches of discipline are punishable
by reducing officers to the ranks and
dismissing refractory ones from mem
bership. So far there have been no re
ductions in rank and no dismissals.
The roster of the McMinville com
pany is: Captain, Nellie Cooper; first
lieutenant, Estella Noll; second lieu
tenant, Maud Hobbs; first sergeant,
Stella Redmond: second sergeant, Re
becca Dumphrey; third sergeant, Satie
Snyder; fourth sergeant. Osa Estes;
fifth sergeant, Bertl a Wood; first cor
poral, Mattie Patty: second corporal,
Georgia Jones; third corporal, Nannie
Malone; fourth corporal, Ellen Hobbs;
fifth corporal, Mabel Manning; sixth
corporal, Nora Lewis; bugler, Jennie
Snyder, and drummer, Mollie Patty.
Privates — Alice Adams, Helen GaJ
breath, Florence Dielschneider, Mercy
Flesher, Sadie Gortner. Jessie Hayes,
Bessie Houck, Katie Jones, Aria Keene,
Louise Maloney, Lutie Neal, Grace
Newell, Myra Owens, Valeria Patty,
Julia Prentiss, Etta Redmond, Osa
Roberts, Leona Rummell, Alta Booth,
Minnie Schenck, Mabel Smith, Ella
Strong, Grace Sutherland and Clara
Walker.
A kerosene lamp should never be
turned low — the odor emanating from it
is dangerous to most lungs.
2122
Ruins of a Vanished Race Found In Central America
c Strange Pictures and Unknown Hieroglyphics on the Monuments and Pyramids Are Puzzling the Archaeologists. They Have Not Yet Been Able to Solve the Mysterious
Characters and Locate the Builders.
! ;.-, -.lit researches In Central America have brought to light the
at city, located In a dense and almost
impenetrable tropical forest. The monolithß are the largest In Amer
ica, and are covered with grange hieroglyphs, as yet unread-. It
i\ns undoubtedly one of the ancient culture, and for
aenturlea it has rem ompletely buried as though covered
ivith the lava of Vesuvius. The photographs herewith reproduced
ii" the first of the great monoliths given to tho public. Professor
SavlUe has been one of the few explorers of the ruins, and is the
Ilscov< . he mono] ulis.
Oil the ancient cities in Central
America the forest-covered ruins
uf Qulris • rhaps the least
known. They ait- situated in the
: the M ia ■ ■ i or Monta-
g-ua River, about half a league
from the left bank, and about sixty
miles from the mouth, where it empties
into the Caribbean Sea. Entirely over
spread with the densest tropical vege
tation found anywhere In Central Amer
ica, they have remained unexplored
and their extent unknown. Now, how
ever, the transcontinental railway, in
process of construction from Puerto
Barrios to the city of Guatemala, passes
through the valley at a distance of not
more than a mile from this wonderful
group of remains, and they are thus
bmught within reach of the traveler,
ho can visit them without undertak
ing the exceedingly difficult passage
over the Mlco Mountains.
These ruins were first brought to the
attention of the world in 1641 by the
celebrated explorer Stephens, who did
not visit them, but we are Indebted to
his companion, the artist Catherwood,
for the meager notice which appeared
at that time, with several poor draw
ings of the monoliths. Later they have
been visited by several explorers, who
have added little or nothing to our
know Ledge of the place.
In 18S1, and again in i^:'.. Alfred P.
Mandslay. the great English explorer,
spent several months there, photograph-
Ing and making paper molds ol some
of the most interesting of the stone
sculptures. He has up to the present
time published only brief accounts of
his work and none of his photographs^
Prom his work In reproducing in pias
ter the Immense stone carvings the
American Museum of Natural History
has profited through the generosity of
the Duke or Loubai In securing for its
collection casts of the largest two sculp
tures in stone yet discovered In ancient
America.
As yet, however, no systematic ex
cavation has ever been carried on there
and no adequate description has been
published of this one of the most im
portant ruined cities in the New World.
No Held In Central America offers a
richer return to the archaeologist. It
is not at all Improbable that still more
valuable sculptures may be burl in
the paradise of luxuriant growth, in
which cacao, quina, India rubber, ma
hogany, bamboo and gigantic ferns
abound, through the depths of which
the jaguar, puma, tapir and peccary
roam at will, while birds of brilliant
colored plumage are exceedingly nu
merous.
The ruins consist of a large number !
Of mounds, pyramids, terraces or plat
forms, both square and rectangular,
measuring from six to forty feet in
height, some standing In groups of four
arranged around a central square or
plaza, wlhilo others occupy, an isolated
position. The greater number of these
structures have been faced with squared i
stones and had flights of stone steps on !
one side leading to the top.
Owing to the density of the forest it .
is impossible, to accurately describe
these structures. This can only be done
by cutting down and burning the un
dergrowth, and an examination of the
sculptures Is made by having several
Indians with machetes cutting a path
in advance. These Indians are such
skillful woodsmen that one can usually
follow them as they dexterously cut
out a "tunnel" through which to pass.
There are three principal structures
in the main group, near which are
standing thirteen large monuments in ;
the form of stelae and large, rounded
masses carved to represent grotesque
animals. These are in what is probably ,
the great plata, or square, the heart of
the ancient city.
At the northern end is a large rectan- :
gular terraced structure about 300 feet
long from east to west and 175 feet From
north to south. Near the northwestern
corner is what appears to be an artifi
cial lagoon, or pond, which probably
haa an outlet In the Motagua River. At
present it is a stagnant, malaria breed-
Ing pond; nearly choked with decaying
vegetable matter.
At the southern base of the structure
are standing three stelae, or monoliths,
ranging in height from fourteen to
eighteen feet and having carved on the
front and back representations of hu
man figures. On one is a man with a
chin beard. Both sides are entirely
covered with hieroglyphic writing in
the form of squares, called katuns.
. On another, called stela C, is perhaps
the most important hieroglyphic in
scription yet found In America. It
consists of two kinds of writing. The I
upper half of the Inscription la In pic- |
elaborately and Intricately
carved, while in the lower half are the
abbr< ! conventional charae-
BUfh as air commonly found in
the Mayan glyphs.
Undoubtedly an unraveling of the
!■■<■' m .will aid greatly in de
ciphering th( hundreds of inscriptions
which are found in th" territory once
occupied bj the .Maya rare, formerly
the muat advanced of all the ancieni
peopl s of America. On only two other
monumente is this form of "picture"
writing found, on- < sample being in
ihe ruins of Copan, Honduras, where
■ ... k of a stela is entirely covered
About two hundred feet south of
these three monoliths are the two high
est monuments which have been als
d in the new world. The first.
know n as Stela F, stands twenty-five
feet above the ground; the other, Stela
E, is twenty-two feet high. The first
mentioned .^ leaning at an angle of
forty-five o>l-- : as it stands
there must be at least ten feet of its
.round. There are full
uman figures carved on the front
and back, and a hieroglyphic inscrip
tion on either side, it has settled per
ceptibly since Catherwood's visit in
Fortunately it has been aecu
by Sir Maudslay in plas
nd a i asl Is in the American Mu
seum of Mature! History.
Th,' second stela, twenty-two feet
high, is by far th.' most artistically
carved of all the standing monoliths.
It has large, full face human figures on
the front and back, and both sides are
occupied by hieroglyphs.
The ears of the person are almost
covered with huge ornaments. The
breast and body to the waist are loaded
with ornaments, and an elaborately
worked loin cloth hangs from the waist.
down between the legs to the feet. In
the right hand is held a kind of wand
or scepter, much resembling a "jump
ing jack." The upper part is a gro
tesque little figure, with a Ions? nose,
representing a deity. From the bottom
•of the stick hang feather*. The left
hand is covered by a shield, on the
face of which is a mask, probably a
representation ■i' the sun god.
Near at hand are two fallen stelae
about ten feet in length, entirely cov
ered with moss and vegetable debris.
About 800 feet south of these two large
stelae is a high truncated pyramid,
more than 150 feet in diameter at the
base. A short distance east and north
east are three large monuments, and
from 300 to -100 feet south, in a plaza
inclosed on three sides, is another
group of stelae.
The most important of these is In the
form of a conventionally carved gigan
tic turtle, the most extraordinary
sculpture in C.ntral America. Roughly
described it is a cube about eight feet
in size and probably weighing twenty
tons. It is entirely covered with pic
ture and hieroglyphic writing, and
representations of a symbolic charac
ter, among which are several exagger- 1
ated animal and human faces and fig
ures. Maudslay spent much time in
securing a plaster mold of this stone
in more than 400 pieces.
In addltj tn there is an interesting
figure carved on another stela. reDre
senting a woman, with fat. round
S, v> hich has been called the ena
r dwarf.
Besides the monuments now standing
there are several fallen stelae, some
plete, while others are broken.
all covered over with moss,
which hides the most delicately carved
that in order to photograph
them it is n< cessary to have them care
fully cleaned with brushes.
The rock out of which they are
carved is a gray porphyry, the quar
ries being, several miles from the ruins
ami more than 600 feet above the val
ley. The stones were probably all trans
ported in the rough and carved on the
spot where they now stand, the debris
being used in the construction of the
pyramids and edifices. The labor of
transporting these immense stones
must have been stupendous, and indi
cates a very high knowledge of me
chanlos.
In the mounds and pyramids * all
traces of palaces and temples of stone
have disappeared. Such edifices are
entirely destroyed, so much*'- so that
Maudsiay was of the opinion that these
structures did not support stone
houses, but buildings of perishable ma
terial, such as wood or adobe bricks.
One excavation made, however, proves
that stone buildings once existed, for
in the principal pyramid several rooms
have been uncovered, revealing the. tri
angular Maya arch, with walls to the
rooms, made of nicely laid stones,
covered with stucco or plaster, and
with smooth cement floors.
MARSHALL H. SAVILLE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1898.
WONDERPUL POSSIBILITIES OF OZONE.
With) the New Machine Just Made for Its Production Jt Will Cure Consumption,
MaKe Whisky Old in Six WeeKs and Do Other Remarl^abie Things.
AT laßt a perfect apparatus for
the generation of ozone has been
produced, and now new won
ders In medical Bcience are to
be expected, unless all indica-
tions fall.
Ozone has long been known as one of
the most wonderful of curative acents.
Hut heretofore it has been impossible to
obtain It quickly and plentifully in a
pure state.
With the crudest kind of apparatus a
number of practitioners in San Fran
cisco have accomplished feats that sur
prised even themselves. One rhvsician
claims to have cured a case of con
sumption by ozone alone. Some aues
tion might arise as to whether the man
Th« New Apparatus Tr)at Produces Ozone Cheaply in a
Pure State and in Large Quantities.
Specimens of the Puzzling Monuments and Cartings Just Discovered in Quirigua, Guatemala.
Sketched from photographs.
had consumption; but the fact remains
that the man was deathly sick, exhib
iting all the outward Indications of the
dread disease, and was cured by inhal
ing ozone.
In this case the apparatus used was |
only a glass lantern globe with a piece
of picture wire arranged on the inside.
One end of the globe was closed with |
a sheet of pai*rrine. This was attached
to an ordinary static machine and the i
patient placed his mouth over the open
end of the globe and inhaled all the I
ozone produced. Oases are also record- i
ed of many other diseases being cured,
such as rheumatism, gout and bron- i
chitis.
What is this wonderful ozone?
To describe it briefly is not possible, j
but it might be described as a gas gen
erated by decomposing atmosphere.
For more than a century it has been
known that air and oxygen acquire a
peculiar odor when exposed to the ac
tion of electric sparks, and though
SchonbeiO ascertained nearly half a
century ago that this odor is uue to
a distinct form of matter that has been
called ozone, which is produced by the
electrolysis of dilute sulphuric acid, by
the action of electric discharge in air,
and as a product of the slow oxidation
of phosphorus, chemists are still try
ing to learn the exact conditions of the
formation of this substance, and still
investigating some of its simplest re
actions; while inventors are but be
ginning the work of making it useful
to man.
Inhaling Ozone Frorr) Crude, Old-Fashioned
Apparatus Made of a Lantern Globe.
The great drawback in the past has
been the lack of an apparatus to pro
duce the ozone in the state in which it
Ozone has never yet been obtained as
a gas in the pure state, but from the
■rties of mixtures containing it we
cannot doubt that gaseous ozone would
be blue in color, and condense at low
temperatures to an indigo blue liquid,
which explodes violently on contact
with a flame.
The ozone in mixtures, such as are
produced by the electrification of air
• xygen. is very instable, being re
solved Into common oxygen with ex
plosive violence if suddenly compressed
without previous coolintr; and even un
der atmospheric pressure it cannot
!>e preserved except at rather low
temperatures. This characteristic in
stability of ozone is at once the cause
of its most Interesting properties and
of its possible usefulness.
Molecules of common oxygen contain
but two atoms of the element, while
the molecules of ozone contain three
such atoms, and it would seem that the
atoms hold together much less firmly
in the larger molecules than wh^n they
are united in pairs; consequently ozone
acts as a powerful oxidizer, readily
giving up part of its oxygen to oxidiza
ble substances, while the rest returns
to the ordinary form of the element,
except in certain cases when it is com
pletely absorbed.
The action of ozone would come un
der the head of what would be called
an oxidizer. Chemists already have, it
is true, plenty of oxidlzers that can be
used as far as they go with good effect.
Many of these are inexpensive. But not
even hydrogen peroxide, which can now
be obtained comparatively cheaply, is
quite so simple in its action as oione,
for this substance, which consists, as
we have seen", of oxygen and of oxygen
alone, when used as an oxidizer does
not leave any inconvenient residue such
as accompanies the action of many
other oxidizing agents. Hence, a field
for the employment of ozone may be
found whenever a simple oxidizing
agent is required. Thus, for example.
It has been suggested that it might
conveniently be used for bleaching
beeswax, starch or bones, in the manu
facture of degras for leather-makers, in
preparing drying oils for the manufac
turers of varnishes, or again, according
to Wiedermann. to hasten the aging of
whisky.
Port wine treated with ozone soon
puts on an appearance that under ordi
nary circumstances it would not ac
quire in years.
As an oxidizer, the action of ozone !
would be to destroy certain cells or ele
ments and all kinds of bacteria. Much
of the work that has not been attempt
ed heretofore by the cruder appliances
can now be worked out by the new ap
paratus.
It has long been known that ozone ;
acts as a preservative of flesh, a'
ing and preventing putrifaetion. When
it is obtained in sufficient quantities its
uses in this direction are almost be- \
yond estimate.
Ozone, as has already been said, was
first noticed in air which had been ex
posed to the sparks of electrical ma
chines; but only very small quantities
can be obtained in this way. and it is
better to expose the air to a sort of elec- i
trie rain composed of showers of very ;
Sne sparks, such as we^e employed by
Andrews, or to the so-called silent dis- \
charge in one o-f the various forms of
"Siemens' induction tube." This in its
simplest form consists of a long thin .
test-tube sealed at its open end into a
slightly larger tube, the latter being
provided with a narrow tube at each !
end. so that a current of gas may be
passed between the two test-tubes. If:
; the inner tube of such an apparatus be
i filled with dilute sulphuric acid and
connected with one of the electrodes of
an electrical machine, and if the
tube be plunged in a bath of dilute acid
[ which is connected with the other e»ec- i
' trode of the machine, while air or uxy
gen is passed through the apparatus,
a glow or a shower of fine sparks will
act on the sas. and charg
or less strongly with ozone ere it es
capes.
For medical purposes the new appar
atus invented by Dr. Ford of London,
England, takes the form of a va
tube containing a metallic rud. This
i is surrounded by an armature made ol
' aluminum and armed with points.
When the latter and the metal! :
are joined up to a coil or to a step-up
transformer a glow makes its appear
ance, and the air between the two
electrodes is rapidly ozonized. If a
stream of ozonized air is required for
inhalation or must be conveyed to any
particular locality, the above little ap
paratus is surrounded by a glass
jacket.
Air or oxygen can then be pumped
through the apparatus, and then de
livered from a celluloid trumpet for in
halation, or conveyed by a tube to the
required locality. The use of
rubber should be avoided in this part
of the apparatus, as indiarubber per
ishes with astonishing rapidity when
exposed to the action of ozone.
With such an apparatus a very small
static electrical machine is sufficient to
operate it. The current is constant,
and the ozone generated must
near pure as it is possible to make it.
1 Being all formed in the tube, none of
; it escapes, and the patient inhales all
' that is produced. Judging by the won
derful action of ozone in the past with
crude apparatus, there is no doubt
that the modern improvement places 113
on the threshold of some astounding
discoveries. _
BUSINESS HUSTLE IN CHICAGO.
"I am glad to see," said a New York
business man to a Chicago live stock
dealer, "that the United States are be
| coming very Chicagoesque !n their way
I of acquiring a population."
••Ho^ do you mean?" asked the Chi
cago man.
"Why, Uncle Sam is reaching out and
annexing every thing in sight. That
will add greatly to our population and
we will have more odd names in the
business directories of our newly ac
quired possessions than Chicago can
boast in its cosmopolitan block, where
twenty nations are represented."
"Don't you be carried away with that
idea, " said the Chicago man. "Last
week I did business with some Ameri
cans having stranger names than could
be produced by mixing up all the Porto
Ricans, Filipinos and Ladrone habi
tants in a bunch. Last week a train
load of cattle came to the Chicago mar
ket from Montana, from an Indian
reservation, and the names of some of
the consignees that '. remember are:
Chase the Bear, Made to Run. Packs
the Kettle, Plenty Voice, Black Tail.
Laughing Face, Medicine Cloud, Grow
ing Thunder. Buck No. 2. Yellow Boy
(we call him Yellow Kid), Beats. His
Wife and Big Head Little. Why, the
whole United States can't beat Chicago
on the names of the people who*, do
business with them."
"Have the names been entered in the
Chicago directory y<et?" asked the New
York man innocently.
Nn yet." replied th« Chicago man,
"but they will be when we annex Mon
tana."
Tenor— At the first concert In which
I sang four ladies were removed from
the hall in a fainting condition.
Friend— Ah Indeed? But you must
remember your voice has improved
since then!— Fliegende Blaetter,
A flannel bag six inches square and
filled with scraps of soap makes a lux
urious adjunct to the bath.HAS TRACKED CRIMINALS FOR OVER A QUARTER OF A CENTURY.
Sheriff Tom Cunningham of Sao Joaquin County, Who Has Been Continuously in Office for Twenty-five Years and Wrjo Rounded Joaquin Murietta, Black Bart and Others of the Most Notorious Highway
njen in the History of California, Is Going to Retire to Private Life.
TOM CUNNINGHAM, the Sheriff
S i.n Joaquin County, is about
private life after
serving the people for
r a quarter of a century.
('-.;:.! : :::}:a:;;'s official rarwr has been
one. He left the harness-
Iff's office a quarter
•iiry ago and has succeeded
hims ; lon held since.
When he laid down his awl and took
up shooting irons the Sheriffs spent
time In the saddle than in com
fortable offices. In those days it was
ntial that the Sheriff be an active,
only to be a terror
to the evil doers, of which there were
co many, but to head off and discour
age the eff ■-■ts of Judge Lynch in the
community.
When the retiring veteran began his
public service California had men like
Harry Morse for Sheriffs, and the
young officer speedily took his place
beside them and participated in many
of the daring episodes in which in
trepid officers and nervy desperadoes
figured. He has lived to see all of his
associates of those early days pass
away.
Notwithstanding ail the daring ar
rests to his credit he never received a
scratch and never shed blood. He is
the first man the discharged convict
iches for aid after completing
the sentence Cunningham was instru
mental in giving him.
Sheriff Tom Cunningham has studied
the criminal from the time he tracked
him to his lair till he bid him good-by
at the gallows or prison gates. The
veteran's work has not been ail "out- ]
side work." He has maintained from j
the first the most systematic record of
crime and criminals coming under both
his personal observation and that of all
the most successful peace officers in
the country. Volume after volume is !
I in his private office, filled with
newspaper clippings telling of crime.
The fame of Cunningham's "rogues'
gallery" is known all over the Pacific
Coast. There is nothing to compare
with it on this side of the Rocky Moun
tain.':, lith-r. The number of pictures
has reached the astounding figure of
between 41,000 and 42,000. These pic
tures show the facos of criminals past
and present from all over the world.
. others Immured behind
prison walls. Cunningham has had an
rate system of exchange in pic
tures. Thin picture gallery has cost
him fully $10,000. The albums have been
carefully guarded. It has not been
every officer who could see them. There
are faces there of men now living hon
est nnd respected lives, whose past is
unknown to those by whom they are
loved and respected. For every picture
there is a brief biography, telling of
riminal, his crime, his character
and appearance. Th ■ forger,
burglar and in fact the principal spe
• criminals are so arranged that
on having the key to the albums
knows right where lo look for his men.
Into whose hands this rare collec
when Mr. Cunningham
to be Sheriff is not now known,
but it is hardly probable that San Joa
quin County will allow it to go else
[f money can rt-tain it here.
Almost every visitor to Stockton has
looked through the museum the Sheriff
red during the last quar
ter of a century. It is a remark
of grim articles with
bloody histories. The museum occu
pies a large room in the spacious apart
ments of the Sheriff's office in the
Courthouse. It is open to all who a.^k
t! "' ' ' t entering. Over one
thousand grim articles— knives, guns
igshots and many weapons
•i f in construction to any
mind but that of the cunning criminal
are on exhibition.
. In ' ' l» one of the old-time
deer riflei c . ap and ball, the
kind that • ,j on deer and rpd _
skins. This is the gun which finished
the career of the bandit, Joaquin Mu
rietta, over in Fresno County many
years ago. it was used by J. W
Childs. who was a member of Captain
Love's party in the final round-up of
the cutthroat.
. The pirate on the Spanish main
never used an uglier pistol than the
one hanging here. It has an ugly
shaped barrel, a shotgun hammer and
a big handle with a nob on the end of
it. Over in Amador in '49 there were
sluice box robbers, and they were hard
to catch. This gun was loaded and
set bear-trap fashion one night by a
miner now dead. The gun went off
about midnight and the robber died.
The old miner gave It to the Sheriff.
An odd thing in the way of armor is
to be found on a stand. It is a "coat
of mail" made of wire rings and wo
ven so closely and with such mechani
cal genius that no bullet could pene
trate it. It will as completely envelop
a man's body as an ordinary sack coat.
It fastens together in the front much
like a coat. This coat is really a won
derfully made article. A? to who man
ufactured it history does not tell. It
belonged to William Cox, who in the
early seventies killed his son-in-law
over in Calaveras County. Cox was
hanged for his crime. This coat was
found on him at the time of his ar
rest.
A ridiculous looking weapon is an old
"slop bucket" pistol, which was taken
from Fred Salkmann, alias Dutch
I Fred, who departed this life in 1851 by
the rope route.
Chinese ingenuity and brutality are
pretty well represented in the collec
tion. Murderous looking knives and
knuckles, several with human life to
answer for, are here found. The
knuckles are crude in construction and
calculated for murder. One Chinaman
unwillingly contributed to the col
lection what appears to be a fan. Press
a spring and the fan case comes off and
a keen knife is displayed.
One old pistol which looks like a
sawed off muzzle-loading shotgun be
longed to George Baker, alias "Mick
ey," who also went by the rope route
i in 'lSol.
In the way of sandbags, the Sheriff
has one made out of the leg of a pair
of overalls. It is simply filled with
sand and the ends tied with strong
cord.
A "nasty" looking leather club once
belonged to Salter D. Worden. He
dropped the weapon in the railroad
yards here during the great strike.
One of the most complete outfits used
by forgers is one which belonged to a
man known as W. E. Williamson. The
ordinary person would not suppose that
the trade of a forger required so many
tools. There are brushes, quills, knives
and whatnot. Checks partially finished
and others on which large amounts
were collected are displayed. The case
devoted to counterfeit bills and money
is highly interesting. Some of the coin
is crude and others so well made that
the ordinary mortal could not detect
them.
The cleverness of criminals is illus
trated by an ordinary looking comb
which Cunningham took from James
Winters at the San Francisco prison.
Concealed in the back of the comb is a
saw four inches long and a third of an
inch wide.
To vary the list the Sheriff has a
skull with a bullet through ;t— a man
murdered on the trail in the early pio
neer days. His name or that of his
murderer is not known. Every article
in the vast collection has a history', and
many of the crimes came under Cun
ningham's official eye.
A weapon which would have de
lighted the heart of Samson is a leg
bone of a horse, handsomely polished
and with a string to swing it from the
wrist. It was taken from a gang of
San Francisco toughs who came up "to
run" Stockton in the early days.
The "Nedina murder" is recalled by
all old timers. The Mexican sword
which ended the life of six men is on
exhibition.
The most unique weapon in the en
tire lot is one which was found in the
cabin of a recluse known as "Bis
marck," who resided near Sonora many
years. It is a combination dagger, pis
tol and brass knuckles. The brass
knuckles form the handle, the bullets
are fired directly from the chambers,
there being no barrel. The position
belonging to the barrel has the dagger
attachment, which can be closed back
under the handle.
Cunningham has handled numbers of
the most distinguished criminals.
Many of the bad men of our State owe
their removal from business to Cun
nlnsrham.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SDNDAT, OCTOBER 23, 1398.
/
Black Bart, that accomplished road
agent of most original methods, was
finally cornered, more through the
clever work of Tom Cunningham than
any other man. Black Bart was a
wonderful pedestrian. He would reach
Stockton from San Francisco on the
morning boat and by nightfall would
have walked forty miles into the moun
tains. The next day the poetical robber
would turn his usual trick. Old-timers
will recall with what frequency the
stages were robbed. Cunningham was
always on the ground as soon as possi
ble to look for some evidence. His stay
ing qualities were finally rewarded. Ar
riving at the point where the stage had
last been stopped he examined the
ground closely. Suddenly he reached
down and picked up a cuff.
That find marked the end of Bart's
career. Cunningham examined the
cuff closely and the officers who
were with him eagerly awaited to
see what he would say. Finally Cun
ningham exclaimed:
"At last we have a clew," and di
rected the officers' attention to the
mark
'-FXO7 1 '
On the border. The cuff was
taken to San Francisco and after a long
search similar marks were found on
other linen in a laundry. Bart was lo
cated and then inveigled into a room
whf»re the officers were waiting. He
was under the impression that he was
going to negotiate the sale of a mine.
As quick as his eyes fell on his ex
pected purchasers he merely threw up
his hands and exclaimed:
"Gentlemen, I pass."
That was the end of his clever days
of stage robbing, and it was brought
about by the handkerchief which Cun
ningham found.
When the State determined to rid its
borders of that terrible bandit Vasquez
Tom Cunningham and Harry Morse
rode at the head of the posse. They
pushed the murderers and their notori
ous cut-throat leader further and
further to the south and finally drove
them into the trap which was sprung
by waiting officers. For weeks the
posse was in the saddle ready to fight
at a moment's notice. There was no
place Cunningham would not explore
in quest of his prey.
There is a story that one day while
out on a little Independent scout he
observed a man riding over a little
knoll whom he took for a cowboy. As
there was nothing suspicious about the
man Cunningham did not hail him.
When captured Vasquez told him he
could have got the drop on the officer.
When asked why he was so merciful
he made his most winning bow, placed
his hand over nis heart and with the
mock courtesy so characteristic of the
villialn said in Spanish, "I could not
kill the brave young man."
A few years ago there was a stage
robber at large named Dalton. He
had caused it to be announced that the
first officer who laid hands on him was
as much as signing an immediate death
warrant lor himself. One day during
the fair in Stockton Cunningham ob
served a man whom he was sure was
the robber standing on Hunter Square
ODDEST WAGERS EVER MADE.
The history of foolish and eccentric
bets contains no story of more reck
less folly than that of a gambler of a
generation ago who made the fall of a
bowl accomplish his ruin.
After a long night's gambling in
which evil fortune had pursued him, he
watching a game. Without a moment's
hesitation Cunningham walked up to
him and covering him with a pistol
said quietly, "Don't move!"
He then called a citizen who relieved
Dalton of his guns and the Sheriff led
the man-eater away, a most docile
prisoner. So quietly was the arrest
made that only those in the immediate
vicinity witnessed the exhibition of cool
nerve and prompt action.
One day an escaped convict, a Span
iard, who for the want of a better
name is called Lopez, was located near
Stockton. Taking a young man as
driver Cunningham got into a spring
wagon and started in pursuit. He got
over into the foothills and knowing
that the man was in the immediate
vicinity he gave the driver particular
instructions to turn the wheels so ht
could jump out should they see the
man. Cunningham preferring to fight
on terra firma.
The first thing the Sheriff knew he
was face to face with the convict, who
was mounted and armed. The Sheriff
saw It was flcht, and throwing up his
gun he tried to cover the man and at
the same time climb out. At the
critical moment the driver turned the
wheels the wrong way. The Sheriff
tripped and was sent sprawling on the
ground.
Realizing even in his plight that the
best gun would win he rolled over and
before the astonished convict could get
his gun into action the Sheriff let drive
and shot the horse from under the con
vict.
It was a lucky shot, as the robber
had to look out for himself instead of
turning his gun loose on the Sheriff.
Cunningham got his man, however, and
returned him to prison.
Advancing age never diminished the
veteran's activity. If the office was
called on to bring in a desperate man
he would get his sawed-off shotgun
and start out. Less than two years
ago he went after Williams and Slagal,
the young desperadoes who attempted
to wreck a train and rob it a few miles
from Stockton. Williams was an ex
pert with a gun, and when the at
tempted crime failed the youths es
caped to the San Joaquin River bot
toms, sending word that they would
shoot the first officer that came after
them. They were hunted several days
and finally driven out on the open
country. Coming over a ridge one day
Cunningham came on Williams, who
was carrying his rifle ready for action.
The veteran called out in a fatherly
way:
"Drop the gun, Williams."
And the gun was dropped!
The robbers are now doing life terms
In piison.
In running down Green, Smith and
Jones, the confidence operators who
had done Farmer Brack out of $2000 in
this county, the Sheriff got a trio of
men, whose career had been one long
line of successful swindles. He cap
tured them at Portland. It is said
they offered him $2000 to permit some
scheme of escape, but he held on and
convicted them. After he was sure
they would get their deserts he solic
ited, so far as was proper for him to
do, the mercy of the court.
made a hasty calculation of all that
was left to him of a princely fortune.
He then seized a bowl from a table,
and, poising It aloft, said: "Odd or even
pieces for $75,000?" "Odd," coolly said
one of the men who had won his money.
The bowl fell and was dashed to
pieces. The fragments were collected
and counted, only to find that the num
ber was odd, and that the gambler's
last sovereign was lost.
The Presidential elections are the oc
casions of some of the most eccentric
wagers which ingenuity can devise. A
TRIED TO CIVILIZE
A "GHOST DANCER."
Tragical Er)d of a Youog Wfyte Womar) Who
Married ar) Indian Chief.
Epeci&J to The Sunday Call.
WICHITA, Kans., Oct. 19.—
Ten years ago Miss Lydia
Lyons, a pretty 19-year-old
white girl, graduated from
the Illinois training school
at Chicago. She had taken
a course to become a nurse, and had
also studied some missionary work un
der private tutorship. Her father, the
only one left of the family, was Major
Lyons, a hero of the Mexican War.
He had given his consent that his
daughter should go among the Indians
as a missionary just as soon as she
graduated.
In 1889, Miss Lyons, a tall, dark eyed
beauty, passed from school life into an
entirely new field of labor. She went
to Oklahoma among the Sac and Fox
Indians as a missionary. A friend of
her father's, Captain Galbraith, had
promised to look after her.
At this time ghost dancing as a re
ligion was just beginning to fiercely
spread among the Indians. The medi
cine men taught them to believe that
a Messiah was coming and would
sweep all the white men from the earth.
The Kiowas, Comanches and Apaches
were holding dances when Miss Lyons
arrived among them. She attended
these dances and made speeches, ask
ing them tq forsake such superstitious
practices. One by one the redskins
dropped from the dance at her plead
ings or commands. The agent praised
her. Nothing like it had ever happened
before. The whites thought surely she
controlled some strange magnetic
power.
But there was one tall, handsome In
dian who refused to yield to her per
suasions, and he caused her many a
heartache before he consented to be
half way civilized. This was Fixlco.
Being a chief, he thought it due his
high position that he should be more
cruel than the rest.
One day Miss Lyons went to him
with tears in her eyes and begged him
to reform, for Fixlco was a bad Indian
and had a bad reputation. He drank
and played poker. He danced weird
dance 3 and all that. After long plead
ings, Fixico promised to reform, but
upon a promise:
That if, after three years, he had
proven that during that time he had
been strictly sober, she was to marry
him. '
Not a word of love was spoken — not
one sign of affection. She gave her
promise Just to civilize him. Surely a
human being was something, and Miss
Lyons was willing to do anything to
completely reform a redskin.
The three years passed at last, and
Fixico had kept his promise.
So did the paleface girl.
The two were married with all the
pomp surrounding his position as a
man who lost his bet at the last elec
tion found himself In the undignined
position of having to act as the win
ner's dog for a full day.
He had to follow at his heels through
the chief thoroughfares of New York,
lie down when bidden in the most un
pleasant places, bark at strangers and
lick his master's hand.
When he complained of hunger he
was supplied with an allowance of dog's
meat and a drink of water, and had to
lie under the table while his master
fared sumptuously at a fashionable
restaurant.
For some hours the loser pursued this
undignified routine to the amusement of
thousands; but the savory odors of his
master's dishes, which assailed him in
his hungry solitude under the table,
were too much for his resolution, and
he bought his freedom by paying a
heavy forfeit.
Many mad feats have resulted from
wagers, but surely none so foolish as
that of the French carpenter, Paul Par
mentier. Paul was drinking with some
boon companions a short time ago,
when he made a bet of 5 francs that he
would Jump, unhurt, from a fourth floor
window.
The bet was taken with amused in
credulity by one of his friends, when
Paul ran out of the wine shop, climbed
to the fourth story of an adjacent
house and threw himself out of the
window, with a sickening thud, into
the street. When he was picked up it
was found that he had broken his left
leg and seriously injured himself in
ternally, while he had not even the sat
isfaction of having won his 5 francs.
Some very astonishing gastronomic
feats have sprung from wagers; but
the fame of Nicholas Wood, the Kent
ish glutton, has never suffered eclipse.
On one occasion Nicholas made a bet
that he. would eat an entire pig at one
sitting. This feat he accomplished so
easily that he called for three pecks of
damsons, which "proved his dessert,"
chief in the tribe. Hundreds of In
dians came to witness the ceremony.
It was a gala day for the Kiowas
and Comanches.
All went well in the home of Chief
Fixico and his paleface bride until a
baby boy was born to them.
Fixico did not like the little papoose
because he was almost white. Very
little trace of its red skinned father
could be found upon the little one. But
Fixico said nothing.
His wife knew in her heart, however,
that all was wrong with her chieftain
husband. He would go away and re
main for days. She tried to regain his
affection, although she did not love
him. She felt it her duty. There
after all went wrong in the house of
Fixlco in the little town of Darlington,
Oklahoma.
Last Sunday Fixico came home
MRS. CHIEF FIXICO (Miss Lydia Lyons).
From a photograph taken at the time of her marriage
to Cnief Fixico, tKre« year* ago.
and followed in the way of the pig.
It was a wager that induced a New
York financier to dispose of 228 oysters
in half an hour, merely as a prelude to
a substantial dinner; and a gourmand
of the name of Edward Manning has
swallowed seventy-two eggs In one
minute for a wager.
Franz Friedrich of Williamsburg was
prepared, for a suitable bet, to make a
meal of a goose, five pounds of German
sausage, one pound of cheese, a loaf of
bread and thirty-two glasses of beer;
while at Civita Vecchia lately. Signor
Beracclo swallowed a mile of macaroni
for a wager, and beat his rival by over
100 yards.
Mr. Huddy. an Irish postmaster,
when he was within three years of his
"century," was the hero of an eccentric
wager. He made the journey from Lis
more to Fermoy In an old tub drawn by
two cats, a hedgehog, a goose, a badger
and a pig; and to complete the eccen
tricity of the "■turn-out." he wore a red
nightcap and flourished a whip in one
hand and a horn in the other.
drunk, having been out on a long spree.
His wife fell at his feet and cried. Li
quor made him insane and he cursed
her.
Then the hopeless wife sought her
room and drove a dagger into her bo
som.
Fixico found her a few minutes later
wirh the baby crying upon his dead
mother's breast.
A sudden fit of anger seized him and
he drew a revolver and shot his own
baby dead.
Indignation ran high among the In
dians for a time. Fixico was finally
arrested by the Indian agent and taken
to the jail at Tecumseh, where he now
lies awaiting trial. He says now ha
is sorely grieved over his heartless act.
Fixico is nearly a fullblood Indian
and is well educated, having been to
school at Carlisle, Pa.
CHIEF FIXICO.
From a photograph taken at the tlm« h« left th« Indian
School at Carellis, Pa,
2324
IN MIS EXCITEMENT BEASELEY ESTABLISHED HIMSELF FOR ORfITORICfIL
PURPOSES ON THE HEARTH RUG.
- Copyright, 189S, by John Watson.
SO YOU have agreed to accept seven-and-sixpence
in the pound from Hatchard?" Oxley said, in
his slow, quiet manner, as he smoked with his two
friends after luncheon at the club. "I could not
attend the meeting, but I hear that the affairs
showed badly."
"Yes. we took the sum he offered, and of
course it would have done no good to put him in
the bankruptcy court, as far as the dividend is cone
Very likely we should only have netted half a crown; but
I had a good mind to refuse a composition." And in his
excitement Beazley established himself for oratorical
purposes on the hearth-rug— he had recently taken to
municipal politics.
"You mean thai Hatchard has acted foolishly, and
ought not to have got into such a hole. I suppose you
are right. Tommy was always a sanguine chap."
"Sanguine has nothing to do with it, Oxley, and I
fancy you know ihat there's more than want of judgment
at Hatchard's door. Of course, the longest-headed men
in the corn market may make a mistake and be caught
by a falling market, but that is no reason why a fellow
should take In every friend he could lay nands on. What
do you say. Macfarlane?"
That most phlegmatic and silent of Scots never said
anything unless speech was absolutely necessary, and as
the proposition that a man ought not to cheat his friends
was one no person could deny, Macfarlane gave no sign.
"I'm afraid that it is a rather bad case," Ozley ad
mitted with reluctance, "but I'm sorry for Tommy: when
a man le at his wits' end he's apt to— forget himself
in fact, and do things he would be the first to con
demn at other times. A man loses his moral presence of
mind."'
Macfarlane indicated, after consideration, his agree
ment.
"That sounds very fine, Oxley," burst in Beazley, "but
it's very dangerous doctrine, and would cover some
curious transactions. Hatehard knew quite well that
when he was hopelessly bankrupt he ought not to have
borrowed a thousand from you and five hundred from
Macfarlane and me; our business losses were enough."
"Had none," murmured Macfarlane to himself.
'"I wu.= so angry." continued Beazley, "that I got hold
of him afterward in Fen wick street and save him as
sound a talking to as ever a man got in this city; he'll
The United States to-d ay, with only one ocean between her and these rich nations of the East, has a trade equal to but one-third that of Great Britain, whose goods must cross two oceans before they reach their destination. And
yet we have developed to a point where we cannot only compete in trade with the other nations of the world, but can lay down our goods in home markets of the English people. It would seem that Americans have now an opportunity to change
these unequal conditions.
THE United States should have no
concern with militarism or impe
rialism; we are a pacific power,"
said a prominent American to a
Washington friend. "Of course
we are," replied the other, "but
•we intend to spell pacific with a large
• p ...
In the westward course of empire the
Pacific Ocean remains the last to be
conquered. Stretching for 12,000 miles
along the equator, it covers nearly one.
half of the entire globe. Some idea of
its size may be gathered from the fact
that from Fan Francisco to Yokohama
the distance is 4500 miles, and 1600
miles must be added to reach the Phil
ippines, and 1300 more to reach Singa
pore, the extreme southern limit of the
Asiatic eoa.«t. From San Francisco to
Honolulu is 2100 miles, and from Hono
lulu to Sydney, Australia, 3500 miles
more.
This vast ocean, connecting the new
est and the oldest civilizations, is the
coming field in the struggle for trade
supremacy. On its western borders
are Asia and Australia with their isl
ands: The continent of Asia and its
islands have a population of not less
than 840,000,000, with an area of 14,700,
000 square miles. The largest of these
countries is China with 403,000,000 popu
lation, and over 4,000,000 square miles.
Then comes British India, with 387,000,
000 pf-opie, and 1,800,000 square miles of
territory. Asiatic Russia has 23,000,000
people in 6,500.000 square miles, Japan
has 42,000,000 population crowded into
less than 150,000 square miles of area.
The Dutch East Indies have 34,000.000
people, and the French East Indies 22 -
000,000.
Another tributary to the Pacific on
the west is Oceanica, which, with Aus
tralia and the neighboring islands, has
a population of 12,000,000 people in an
area of 3,200,000 square miles. With
Asia and Oceanica together, the popu
lation aggregates 850,000,000 in an area
of 18,000,000 square miles.
The trade of these countries of the
Pacific is enormous. The latest figures
show that the aggregate imporis are
$1,067,000,000, and the aggregate exports
$1,060,000,000, making a total foreign
commerce in this territory of $2,127,
000.000.
So much for the "old world" side of
the ocean. On the new world side ar>»
the two continents of North and South
America, all the countries of which are
contributing more or less to this A?i
atic trade. First in importance stand
the United States, wf*o 3<tfM-fiW popu
not forget it in a hurry. You see, he is a friend, and that
makes- me sore."
"Can you give us an idea what you said?" inquired
Oxley. dryly, while Maefarlane showed that he was lis
tening.
"Well, 1 said various things, hut the gist was that
his friends were ashamed of him— not about the cash,
you know, but about the conduct, and that he was little
better than a swindler; yes. I did."
Maefarlane smoked furiously.
"No. Oxley, he made no reply. Not one word of de
fense; he dimply turntd round and walked away. I sup
pose you think that 1 ought not to have been so hard on
him?"
"Well, no doubt you did what seemed right, and
Hatchard has not been quite straight; but I now under
stand what I saw t\v_, hours ago, and what gave me a
shock. You favored him with your mind about 11, 1
should guess? Yes; then at 12 he came out of a restau
rant in I);il< j street, as if he had been drinking. That is
the first time Hatciiard lias ever done that kind of thing, I
believe, but it will not be the last. His face was quite
changed — half woebegone and half desperate."
"If Thomas takes to tasting"— Macfarlane was much
moved— "it's all over with him. He's such a soft-hearted
chap."
Nonsense, you're making too much of It; but I was
a trifle sharp, perhaps. He's been very provoking, and
any other man would have said the Fame except you two
fellows, and the one of you i.- so charitable that he would
find an excuse for a pickpocket, and the other is so can
ny that he can't make up his mind to say anything."
After which iiif>r.- was a pause.
"Yes," began Ozley again, tailing into ancient history,
"he has gone off form a bit— the best may do so at a
tim<" — \>ut Tommy wasn't half a bad follow once; he got
a Btudy at Soundbergh before me, an<! h<- waa very de
i • ni with It. letting me do "prep' in it before exams; and
I never counted him Bidey, vli'l you, B. ?"
"I should think not; I'll say that for him at any rate,
there wasn't one scrap of humbug in Tommy; why. he
was a perfect when I waa In the fourth, find he didn't
mind although a chap 'ragged' and chaffed him; he was
oiliest 'it.' in the whole school. It was perhaps
rather bard lines to slang him to-day — I half wish I
hadn't."
"If Tommy got a grub box from home every chnp in
Buttery's house knew" — Oxley was bent on reminiscences
THE TRADE OF THE PACIFIC AND ITS NEW OPPORTUNITIES.
lation and an area, including Alaska,
of 3,500,000 square miles. Mexico has
767,000 square miles and 10,000,000 peo
ple, and Canada 3. 300,003 square miles
and 5.000,000 inhabitants. In Central
America there is an area of 194,000
square miles and 3,500.000 people. This
makes a total for North America of
nearly 94,000,000 people, and an area of
7,800,000 square miles. In South America
are 35.000,000 more people in a territory
of 7,900,000 square miles. The two
Americas have 16,000,000 square miles of
area and 128,000,000 people.
With the exception of that from the
United States, only a very small part
of the trade of America goes to the
Pacific. The imports of this country
from Asia and Oceanica, according to
latest figures, were $119,000,000, and the
exports $67,000,000, making a total of
$186,000,000. Include the entire trade
of the western continent in the I'a
cific, and total imports reach $261,0j0,
00), and the total exports $212 000,009.
Added to the trade of the olde- coun
tries, the entire commerce of \\\r- Pa
cific is not less than $2,600,000,000 each
year, which means that one dollar in
tvt-rj seven of the world's trade now
passes over those waters.
Of this enormous traffic Great Brit
ain secures the lion's s>hare, importing
$265,000,000, and sending out goods to
tho value of $335,000,000, or a total trade
of $600,000,000. The United States
stand next, with a total trade In the
Pacific of $200,000,000, or one-thirl of
that of Great Britain. Germany stands
a cJose third with $100,000,000 of imports
and $45,000,000 of exports. Prince te
fourth on the list with about one- half
the trade of Germany. Tho greater
part of the remaining trade is divided
among the eastern countries which bor
der on the Pacific.
Important as is the trade of the Unit
ed States on the Pacific, this country
is far from living up to its opportuni
ties. Take for example the trade with
Asia and its neighboring islands. Last
year our imports from Asia reached
3*2,600,000. and our exports to thece
countries aggregated $44,800,000, making
a total trade: of $137,000,000. This is ap
parently a good showing, but so far as
our imports are concerned there is a
gain of only three millions over 1596,
previously best year of our record.
Fur the past seven years our import
trade has averaged $80,000,000, and dur
ing the past twenty-five years it has
rarely dropped below $50,000,000.
The relation can best be seen in a
comparison of the imports from Asia
with imports from other countries.
Last year the percentage from Asia
was fifteen; in 1896 and 1597 the per
centage was eleven and a half; but
even in 1876 Asiatic goods formed 10 per ;
cent of all our imports, and this held
*a an average for the following six
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1898.
SAVED BY FAITH
years. The highest percentage in the
history of this country, aside from that
of 1897, was in 1826, over seventy years
ago, when nearly 14 per cent of our en
tire imports came from Asia. In the
export trade the United States has
made no greater improvement. Last
year the exports to Asia amounted to
$44,800,000. but this was only 3»£ per
cent of our entire exports.
What is true of Asia as a whole is
largely true of individual nations. Our
largest trade with any one Pacific
country is with Japan, which last year
aggregated $46,000,000 in exports and
imports. This is the largest total trade
with Japan in our history, although
din- Imports from thnt country aggre
MAH ROWING TJi£ COMMERCImL niuiiWrsYS OF Th|E PACIFIC AND Tt-jE DISTANCeS
BETWEEN TRADE CENTERS.
—"it was shared round In three days, and his raspberry
Jam was not to be despised. I hear him yet: 'All right.
Ox, dig In, there's lots left.' Now there's Byles, who
makes speeches about hospitals; he was mean If you
please."
"Mean ain't the word for Byles," and In his enthusi
asm Freddie Beazley dropped into school slang, which no
public schoolboy ever forgets, and which lasts from gen
eration to generation, like the speech of the gypsies:
"Byles was a beastly gut, and a sneak too; why, for all
his cheek now he isn"t fit to black Tommy's shoes.
Tommy wasn't what you would call 'pie," but he was as
straight as a die. I'd give £10 not to have called him that
word to-day." Freddie was breaking down.
"Poor old Tommy!" went on Oxley. "One never ex
pected him to come such a cropper. He was a good all
round man— cricket, football, sports. Tommy did well for
his house. He was a double-color man."
"Do ye mind the ten miles, lads?" and Marfarlane
chuckled.
"Rather," and Freddie could not sit still. "He did it
in one hour and twelve minutes and was it fifteen sec
onds?"
"Thirteen and three-fifths seconds." Macfarlane spoke
with decision.
"And he could have walked back to Buttery's, as if
he had never run a yard; but didn't the fellows carry
him?"
"I had a leg myself." Macfarlane was growing
loquacious.
"Yes, and he didn't swagger or brag about it"— Oxley
took up the running— "not he, but was just as civil as if
he had won some rootling little race at the low country
schools, where they haven't a hill within twenty miles,
instead of running round Baughfell in the Soundbergh
ten mile."
"What did old Tommy do It for?" and Freddie Beaz
ley almost wept at the thought that the crack of Sound
bergh had played foul; "it couldn't be money; he was
never selfish— as open-handed a chap as ever I saw."
"Wife and kids," answered Macfarlane, smoking
thoughtfully.
"The Scot has it," said Oxley. "Tommy doesn't care
one straw for himself, but he wanted. I take it, to keep
that dear little wife of his comfortable and get a good
education for his boys, and retrieve himself for their
sakes. Mind you. I don't defend him, but that was his
excuse: and now Tommy has gone under."
"Not if I can help It. boys," and Beazley's face
flushed. "And I say, here are three of us; why shouldn't
we join and— and— tighten the rope and haul Tommy on
his feet again?"
Macfarlane took the briar root out of his mouth and
regarded Freddie with admiration.
"We were all In the same house, and Tommy likes
us, and we could do * ♦ ♦ that sort of thing when he
wouldn't take it from others; and I say, it would be a
Jolly decent thins: to do."
"You're all right, Freddie" — Oxley was evidently
pleased— "and we're with you" ("shoulder to shoulder,"
said Maofarlane, lighting his pipe with ostentatious care).
"Now the first step is to let Tommy know that we have
not turned our backs on him; my idea is that if he knows
we three are going to stand by him he'll not throw up
the sponge."
"Look here." cried Beazley, "I'll go round this minute,
and I'll beg his pardon for what I Bald, and I'll tell him
that we haven't forgotten the old days among the hilis,
and that we know he's a white man, and • * • in fact
he'll take the cup yet.
"That will help mightily; and now let us make up our
plans." said Oxley.
And that was how three men joined in « conspiracy
for the business and social and personal salvation of
Thomas Hatchard.
11.
""How late you are, Tom— S o'clock— and how tired
you look, poor fellow! I've been thinking about you all
day. "Was it very trying this morning, or were they nice?
They ought to have been, for everybody must know that
it wasn't your fault."
"No, I don't think everybody could know that, Amy
dear, for I don't know it myself, and some men have good
reason to know the opposite. Well, yes. I was • • •
rather sick at the meeting, and worse afterward."
"Did they dare to insult you, Tom? If they had had
one spark of gentlemanly feeling they would have pitied
you. Do you mean that they • • • said things? Tell
fne, for I want to share every sorrow with you, darling."
"One man was very hard on me, and I didn't expect
it from him — no. I won't tell you his name, for he be
haved very handsomely in the end. Perhaps I didn't de
serve all the sharp words, but I am sure I haven't de
served any of the kind words that were said before the
dny was done. But never mind about me just now; tell
me how you got on. "Wasn't it your visiting day? did
• • * any one call?"
"So you were thinking about me In all your troubles!"
—his wife put her arm round Hatchard* a neck— "and you
were afraid I should be deserted because you were victim
ized by those speculators.' Now confess."
"Well, you know, Amy, society is not vory merciful,
and I think women are the cruelest of all. What hits a
man, if he is unfortunate, or • • ♦ worse, is that his
poor wife is made to suffer. If her husband has done
• • • I mean has acted foolishly, well, say, has lost
money, his wife is neglected and cut and made -to feel
miserable. It's a beastly shame, and I was afraid
that—"
"I would be sitting all alone to-day because we are
poor. Do you know, Tom. I was just a tiny bit nervous,
too, althoifgh 1 would not have told you this morning for
worlds. And now I have splendid news :<■ give you: our
friends are as true as steel. Now answer a question
Tom. to see whether you and I agree about the difference
between acquaintances and friends. Mention the names of
the three families you would expect to stand by us in our
trial."
"The Oxleys, of course, wife, and— l would have said
the Beaifieys. and, let me see, yes, the Macfarlanes, al
though their manner doesn't allow them to show what
they feel; am I right?"
"To a man (and woman), they all called to-day— the
women, 1 mean: I daresay the men called on you. And
they all said the nicest things, and what is best, they
Bald tin- nicest thir.gs about you; yes. they did. and if you
doubt my word we shall separate — do you really think I
would chaff to-day?
"Sit there, jjetu c t where I can lay my head nn your
shoulder, and I shall describe everything. It was 2:30
when 1 began to watch the cluck and wonder whether
BY GEORGE B. WALDRON.
! gated more in 1893, being $27,500,000 in
that year against $25,200,000 during the
: past year. Forty years ago there was
not a dollar's worth of trade between
the two countries, and ten years later
the combined exports and imports did
: not exceed $2,300,000. But in IS7B the
: exchange of goods aggregated $10,000,000
and increased to double that figure ten
years later. Our imports from Japan
, have multiplied tenfold in the past
i thirty years, and our exports more than
I twelvefold. In exports to Japan there
i has been a remarkable gain in the past
two years.
Last year we sent out more than $20,
000.000 worth, and the year before $13,
000.000. In IRPS. however, the exports
By Ian Maclaren
nny one would come; have other people had the samo
feeling? About a quarter to 3 the bell rang, and my
heart beat; who would it be? It was nothing— a tax
paper, and I began to think what I would have done if
the same thing had happened to one of our friends— how
I would have simply rushed along and been in the house
the first decent minute after lunch, and how I would—"
"I know you would. Pet, and that is why they did
it to you. Well, drive on."
"Exactly at eight minutes to 3— Oh. I know the time
to-day without mistake— the door opened, and in came
Mrs. Macfarlane, and do you know what she did?"
"She didn't!" cried Hatchard, "not kissed you?"
"Yes, she did, and a real kiss; and she took me in her
arms, and I saw tears in her eyes, and— and ♦ • • I
cried for a minute; I couldn't help it, and it was quite
a comfort. She hadn't said a word all this time, and
that was just right, wasn't it?"
"I'll never say a word against the Scot's manner
again," said Tom huskily.
"But she spoke quite beautifully afterward, and told
me of some trials no one knows, which they had ten years
ago, and how they had never loved one another so much
before. When reticent people give you their confidence
it touches your heart, and we used to think her voice
harsh and to laugh at her accent."
"God for give me!" said Thomas; "I'm a fool."
"She said: 'You know how quiet Ronald is and how
he hardly ever gets enthusiastic. Well, it would have
done you good to have heard him speak about Mr. Hatch
ard this mhrning. He said—' "
"Don't tell me, Amy— lt • • • hurts, but I'm grate
ful all the same and will never forget it. And wBo came
next?"
"Mrs. Oxley; and what do you think? We are to
have their house at Hoylake for August, so the chicks
will have their holiday. Mr. Oxley has been quite cast
down, she says, about you, for he has such a respect "
"It's good of them to think about the children, but
never mind about me."
"You are very unfeeling, Tom, to stop me at the best
bits, when I had saved them up and committed them to
memory; perhaps you would get vain, however, and be
come quite superior. What do you think of your 'kind
ness,' and your 'generosity,' and your 'popularity.' and
your 'straightness?' You are shivering; are you cold?"
"No, no; but you haven't told me if Mrs. "Beazley was
kind to you; did she call between 4 and 5?"
"Yes, but how did you know the hour?"
"Oh. I * • • guessed, because she » • • was last,
wasn't she?"
"She apologized for being so late; indeed, she was
afraid that she might not get round at all, but I'm so
glad she came, for no one was more glowing about you;
I saw, of course, that she was just repeating Mr. Beaz
ley's opinion, for every one can see. how he admires—"
"Tom, you are very ungrateful, and for a punishment
I'll nt>t tell you another word. What is wrong? Has any
one Injured you? Was it Mr. Beazley?"
"Beazley said kinder things in my office to me. in dif
ficult circumstances, too, than I ever got from any man;
some day. Amy, I'll tell you what he said, but not'now— I
cannot— and he spent two hours canvassing for business
to start me as a corn broker, and he got It."
"Oxley has given me a cargo to dispose of, and I
never had any of his broking before, and he told me that
some of my old friends were going to— to — In fact, see me
through this strait, speaking a good word for me and
putting things in my way.
"Yes, of course Macfarlane came to the office, and
said nothing for fifteen minutes; just gripped my hand
and smoked, and then he rose, and as he was leaving he
merely mentioned that Beazley and Oxley had become
securities for £5000 at the bank; he is In it, too, you may
be sure."
"How grateful we ought to be, Tom dear, and how
proud I am of you. for It's your character has affected
every person, because you are so honorable and high
minded, '.'om, something Is wrong; Oh, I can't bear if
don't cry * • ♦ you are overstrung • • ♦ He down on
the couch, and I'll bathe your forehead with eau de
cologne."
"No. I am not ill, and I don't deserve any petting'
If you knew how mean I have been you would never
speak to me again. If they h;id scolded me I would not
have cared, but I can't bear their kindness.
"Amy. you must not send for the doctor, else you will
put me to shame; my mind is quite right, and it isn't
overwork; it's * • * conscience; I am not worthy to be
your husband, or the friend of these men."
"You will break my heart if you talk In this way You
unworthy! when you are the kindest, truest, noblest man
in all the world — don't say a word— and everybody thinks
so. and you must let us judge. Now rest here and I'll
get a nice little supper for you," and his wife kissed him
again and again.
"It's no use trying to undeceive her." Hatchard said
to himself when she was gone; "she believes in me and
those fellows believe in me— Freddie more than anybody
after all he said; and please God they will not be disap
111.
"You've got here before me. Mac," cried Freddie Beaz
ley, bursting Into Oxley's private office room, "and I sim
ply scooted round. Oh. I say. you've broken every bone
in my hand, you great Scotch ruffian; take the ruler out
of his fist. Ox. for heaven's sake, or else he'll brain us
"Ox. you old scoundrel, read that letter aloud Mac
wasn't a creditor — he wishes he was this day and" he
doesn't know it verbatim, and I'm not sure about a word
or two. Stand up. old man, and do the thing properly
There now, we're ready."
Dear Sir— lt will be in your recollection that' in f'uly
1887, I was obliged to make a^composition with my credi
tors while trading as a corn merchant under the style
of Thomns Hatchard & Co.. and that they wepe good
enough to accept the sum of 7 shillings and 6 pence in
the i'ound
Immediately thereafter, as you may be aware. I be
gan business as a corn broker, and owing to the kind
assistance of certain of my creditors and other friends
lure, had considerable success.
Having made a careful examination of my affairs I
find that T can now afford to pay the balance of 12 shill
ings and fi pence which is morally due to my creditors of
1---7. and it affords me much personal satisfaction to dis
charge this obligation.
I therefore beg to inclose a check for the amount ow
ing to you, with r> per cent compound interest, and with
sincere gratitude for your consideration ten years ago
were but $7,700,000, and for about ten
years before that time they ranged
from three to five millions, rarely going
above that figure.
The principal export of Japan is silk.
She sends out each year an average of
$23,000,000 worth of raw silk, and $6,000,
000 of the manufactured goods. About
40 per cent of the raw silk comes to the
! United States, and an equal proportion
of the manufactured goods. Japan
sends out $5,000,000 worth of tea each
year, a very large proportion of which
comes to the United States.
Among the heavy demands made
upon other nations by Japan is that for
; bread stuffs, of which she requires
$4.50f>,000 a year, but the United States
I have th. honor to reb.dn.jgjr "hatcha" Rof 1 " 1
there's nothing like the old school for rearing hard* fel
there's nothing like the old school for rearing hardj, lei
lows with plenty of puff in them for a big Jill ; remarked
"Thomas '11 be a proud man the night, remarked
Macfarlane, "and his wife will >c lifted. and encourage
"What about the Hatchard securities and encourage
ment company? Isn't it a booming . concern, and went
the three men lucky dogs who tooK founders shares?
Oxley, old chap." and Freddie grew serious. It was >ou
•who put Tommy on his legs, and helped him on to this
b ' S "Nonlense! we all had a share in the idea: and now
that I remember, it was you. Beazley, -VY a h ° **"* h j*
praises that day till Macfarlane allowed his pipe to go
out. and I had to join the chorus. Isn't that so. Mac !.
Macfarlane was understood to give judgment of strict
lmpartiality-that the one was as bad as another ana
that he had been a victim in their hands, but ■ that tne
result had not been destructive of morality in Liverpool,
nor absolutely ruinous to the character of ■ Thomas
Hatchard. beyond which nothing more could be .no
offered the opinion on his own account that the achieve
ment of Thomas had been mighty. „ C ,. v
"You can put your money on that, Mac. and iseaziey
went off again, "to pay up the balance of that composi
tion and every private loan with interest, compound, too
is simply Al. T. H. has taken the cake. And didn t na
train for it. poor chap! . ' __ __
"No man enjoyed a good cigar more than Tommy
could not take him in with bad tobacco. Well, I happen
to know that he hasn't had one smoke since July <• »'■
Of course he could have had as much 'baccy as he pant
ed; but no, it was a bit of the training— giving up e\erjr
luxury, d'ye see?" , 1  -„_
"I wish I was Thomas the night." remarked Macfar
lane. "He '111 have a worthwhile smoke." ;
"He rather liked a good lunch, and did justice to his
grub, too." continued Beazley. "Well, for ten years he 3
taken his midday meal standing, on bread and milK—
not' half bad all the same— the Milk-Pail in FenwlcK
street, and he wouldn't allow himself a, cup or tea. lou
saw how he lived at Heswall, Oxley?"
"Yes, he found out that he could get a little house,
with a bit of garden, for £40, taxes included, and so he
settled there and cut the whole concern here. There was
one sitting room for the children and another for them
selves, and the garden was the drawing room; t»ut i
-don't believe Hatchard was ever happier, and Mrs.
Hatchard has turned out a heroine." : -' ■'■ ~<~"
"Tommy played up well." broke in Beazley, 'and ha
never missed a chance. There has not been any broker
age lying loose in the corn market these ten years, you
bet: and what he got he did well; do you hear that Mac-
Connell of Chicago has given him his work to do? Tom
my Is boomelllng down the deepwater channel now, full
speed. What's to be done? that's the question. vva
simply must celebrate." „,
"Well," replied Oxley, "I suppose the creditors will
be giving him a dinner at the Adelphi. and that sort of
thing. But there's something Hatchard would like
far better than fifty dinners. He has never entered
the corn exchange since his failure, and I know he never
would till he could look every man in the race. What do
you say to ask William Greatheart to call at his office
and take him?"
"Oxley, you are Inspired, and ought to take to politics.
It's just the thing Greatheart would like to do, and it
will please the men tremendously. I bet you a new hat
there will be a cheer, and I see them shaking hands with
Tommy. It will touch up two or three scallawags on the
raw first-rate, too, who have made half a dozen composi
tions in their time. But what about ourselves, Ox?'
"Aye," said Marfarlane, "we're not common share
holders In this concern. We're founders, that's what we
are."
. "I was thinking before you men came in that a nice
piece of silver for their dinner-table— they will come up
to town now— say a bowl with some little inscription on
it. * • •
"The very thing; we'll have it this afternoon; ana
Ox., you draw up the screed, but for my sake, as well as
Tommy's, put in something about honor, and, old fellow,
let it be strong; it'll go down to his boys, and be worth,
a fortune to them, for it will remind them that their
father was an honest man." .
It is not needful to describe, because everybody in
the Liverpool corn market knows, how William Great
heart came into the room arm in arm with Thoma3
Hatchard, and how every single man shook hands with
Thomas because he had gone beyond the law and done a
noble deed, and was a credit to the corn business; and how
Tommy tried to return thanks for his health a week
after at the Adephi. and broke down utterly, but not be
fore he had explained that he wasn't at all the good
man they thought him, but that he happened to nave
had better friends than most men.
What is not known is that on the very evening of the
great -day a special messenger brought over to the cot
tage at Heswall a parcel, which, being opened, contained
a massive silver bowl, with this inscription:
And that on the first anniversary of the great day the
Hatchards gave a dinner party in their new house on
Mossley hill, where six guests were present, whose
names can be easily supplied, and the bowl, niled with
roses, stood in the center of the table so that all could
read the writing thereon; that without any direct allu
sion to the circumstances, or any violation of good taste,
the bowl came into conversation eleven times, once In the
praise of the roses, once in discussion of the pattern
[Queen Anne), once with reference to the pedestal of
Irish bog oak. once in verification of the fact that
"honour" was spelt with a "v" (it was Freddie who with .
much ingenuity turned the searchlight on honour), and
seven times in ways too subtle and fleeting for detec
tion. When the ladies left the room there was a look
between the host and his wife as he held the door, and
when the other men's cigars were fully lit, Tommy made
and finished, with some pauses, a speech which may not
sound very eloquent on paper, but which the audience
will never forget: "There's a text somewhere in the
Bible." he said, pretending 1 that his cigar was not draw
ing, "which runs something like this. 'Saved by faith *
and when I look at that bowl I remember that I • • •
was saved that way, but it wasn't • • « my faith; it
was the faith • • * of you three men."
sent only $800,000 worth last year. Japan
Imports nearly $10,000,000 worth of raw
cotton each year, and $3,500,000 more In
cotton goods, but the United States
sent to Japan last year only $2,300,000
of raw cotton, and less than $150,000 of
cotton cloth. The most interesting de
mand of Japan is for iron and steel and
their manufactures. Of the crude prod
uct she requires $500,000. and of manu
factured product $3,500,000. During the
past year the United States sent $900,
000 of machinery and $2,600,000 of other
Iron and steel manufactures, thus sup
plying practically the entire present de
mand of Japan for these articles.
Trade in China is making less rapid
headway. Our imports average about
$20,000,000 a year, and have varied but
little from that amount for the past
twenty-five years. The largest imports
j from that country were in 1881, when
,we took $22,000,000. The exports to
! China, however, have recently shown
j some improvement. The largest values
I ever sent to that country were in 1870,
; nearly thirty years ago. over $12,000,000,
but in 1880 the exports had dropped to
; but little over one million. From 1881
! to 1893 the exports ranged from $2,800,
000 to $5,700.000. In 1898 the exports
were $8,900,000, but were increased to
$11,900,000 a year ago, dropping off.
however, to $10,000,000 during the past
year.
China requires each year $6,500,000 of
iron and steel, including $1,500,000 of
, machinery, but last year the United
States furnished only $333,000. China
i imports $64,000,000 worth of cotton
j goods, of which (fnly one-ninth comes
: from this country. She requires $2,500.
i 000 worth of flour, of which less than
| $100,000 worth is from the United
States. Nor does this country make a
better record in taking the products of
the Chinese empire. China sends out
each year $35,000,000 worth of silk, of
which the United States takes barely
j five millions. She sends out 250.000,000
i pounds of tea every year, of which the
United States takes about 35,000,000
pounds.
In the British East Indies our import
trade is about $20,000,000 a year, and -our
; export trade $4,000,000. These totals
have varied little for the past twenty
five years. As compared with fifty
years ago, however, there has been a
: gain of fully tenfold. Our imports and
exports from Dutch East Indies are
about the same as for the British East
Indies, but tht? improvement in trade
has been marked within the past few
years.
Up to 1893 we rarely imported from
the Dutch colonies -'-ore than $7,000,
000, but last year our imports were over
$27,000,000. Our usual exports, up to
I 1596, were about $1,500,000, but last year
we sent $4,700,000, a gain of more than
200 per cent.
In the Philippines there has been a
To
MRS. THOMAS HATCHARD.
From Three Friends,
In Admiration of Her Husband's
Business Integrity and
Stainless Honour,
July 7, 1897.
j marked reduction of our trade in th©
: past few years. Ten years ago we were
] importing $10,000,000 a year from those
| islands. Last year, however, our im-
I ports dropped below $4,000,000, the low
j est on record for the past twenty years
| At present we are taking one-fifth of
; the exports of these islands. The Phil
! ippir.es are receiving about $10,000 000
a year in imports, of which only about
I $150,000. or 1& per cent, is from this
I country. At the same time Great Brit
! am is sending these islands $2,500,000
France $1,800,000, Germany $750,000 and
Spain $7,400,000.
The United States to-day, with only
one ocean between her and these rich
nations of the East, has a trade equal
to but one-third that of Great Britain,
whose goods must cross two oceans be
fore they reach their destination. And
yet we have developed to a point where
we can not only compete in trade with
the other nations of the world but can
lay down our goods in home markets of
the English people. It would seem that
Americans have now an opportunity to
change these unequal conditions.
The Northern Railroad, which Bar
rios started on the Atlantic at Puerto
Barrios, and only three days by steamer
from New Orleans, is to be sold shortly
to a Belgian syndicate for $5,000,000 and
concessions of lands. There is only
about fifty miles more to be built. This
can be done in two years. Once built,
Guatemala will have a railroad from
the Pacific to the Atlantic. San Fran
cisco may suffer loss of trade, as
everything probably will then come
from New York and New Orleans.
M. Gautier, the well-known optician,
is making good progress with the con
struction of the giant telescope intend
ed for the great exhibition at Paris in
1900. The aperture will be 1.25 meters
(49.2 inches)' and the focal length sixty
meters (196 feet 10 inches), while the
estimated cost is $300,000. An equa
torial mounting and dome for such a
gigantic instrument may well be con
sidered impracticable, and accordingly
the telescope itself will be rigidly fixed
in a horizontal position on supports of
masonry, and will receive the light of
the heavenly bodies after reflection
from a movable plane mirror about
seven feet in diameter. The plane mir
ror is thirteen inches thick and weighs
about 8000 pounds, and it is curious
that of twelve disks cast for the pur
pose the first one turned out to be the
best. This has been in process of grind
ing for seven months, and is not yet
finished.
There will be two objectives, one
photographic and one visual, which
will be easily interchangeable at will.
It is expected that a magnifying power
of 6000 will be usefully employed.HERE IS THE ORIGINAL OF MARK, TWAIN'S TOM SAWYER.
He Lives Rigbt Here in San Francisco and Teils How He and San) Clemmens Used to Tell Stories Together— His Version of H°w Clemmens Was Dubbed " MarK Twain."
"Most of the characters that perform in this book still live, and 4
are prosperous and. happy. Some day it may seem worth while to <
take up the story of the younger ones again and see what sort of men 4
and women they turned out to be; therefore, it will be wisest not 4
to reveal any of that part of their lives at present."— Mark Twain in <
his postscript to Tom Sawyer. '-V L A
•* ,N. ,?<. .\ .Iv .-is .*\ A. .2. .-2s. ,-£n. .-^ A. j£^ A. A. A. y£v A. j^ A vis. .A. A.-A.A.A.A.AAyv.A.A.'N.yNyN.
OVER the door of a little old-fash
loned saloon on Mission Btreet,
just back .<f the Mint, hangs a
pign which reads "The Gotham —
Tom Sawyer. Proprietor."
To a • Casual observer that name
I mean no more than if it were
Brown or Tom Jones, but to Mark
Twain it meant the inspiration of his
most famous wink.
For the jolly old fireman Bitting In
there In an old-fashion«fl hair-cloth
chair is the original Tom Sawyer, and
it was from him that Mark Twain
red the material for his two taest
. -Tom Sawyer" and "Huckle
berry Finn."
One knows intuitively that he is a
character the moment one sees him. He
Unknown Minerals in California Springs,
Claims of Two English Scientists Who Have Just Been
Exploring the Northern Counties.
They feel confident that they have discovered volatile minerals which escape on reaching the air, and they
■Dronoses to fix them if possible.
TWO English scientists, Dr. Bur-
Koyne and Dr. Paget, have just
returned to London after a most
interesting visit to this c >untry
and California in particular.
cause of ill health Dr. Paget
determined to make a tour of North
ern California, living entirely an out
of-door country life.
Being strangers in California, they
much impressed by the strange
natural wonders of the mountain dis
tricts through which they traveled, vis
iting and investigating whatever in
vited their attention.
"And what did you find?" I asked
Dr. Burgoyne.
"Find? Well, a good many things. I
found, for one thing, some mud springs,
which 1 consider about the most in
teresting springs of the sort I have
ever visited. I am carrying home
the analysis I made on the spot. I have
a box of specimens besides, taken from
the deposit of the springs, as well as
some of the mud. Dr. Paget is the
Ichnologist of the party and to him the
discovery is dv.-."
"Yes?" I asked, looking at Dr. Paget.
"Well, maybe," Dr. Paget answered.
"We were looking for what we could
find. One day we met an old Indian
toiling over the mountains leading a
boy f about twelve years of age. The
spot was bo fur away from any known
Indian settlement that I naturally
wondered what the man was doing, and
asked him.
"He would not tell me at first. In
dians are pretty slow about telling
anything that will excite white men's
curiosity. At last he did tell me.
"'I big medicine man. I cure all peo
ple sick."
"That was nice, but how did he man
age it? I take an Interest in that line
myself, but a rood many of my pa
tients are not so lucky in their doctor.
•' 'How do you do it?' I asked him.
"He told us of a marvelous spring of
bubbling mud, where he went to bathe
twice every year, and assured us he
would nevec grow old; that h<. was
more than a hundred already.
" "This my son. His son,' be con
tinued, 'he not get old— never. Mj son
he laugh. He say I born, fool. He pick
he think he just same white man.
He get old.'
"I asked him where and what these
- were and he told a tale that de-
I see the springs. We
hired the old man on the spot as a
guide.
1 "While we jnpged along the Indian
toll us that ho could remember when
the springs were not there. It was
about sixty years ago, and the Indians
werr- camping on Eel lliver to gather a
supply of tan bark acorns, which they
make into flour. There was a very
good chief, a young man, and he loved
a woman whose people were 'small'
in the tribe and his father said he
should never marry the girl. The young
chief said he would. Then his father
grew very angry, and the young man
and the girl had to run away and they
went up Into those mountains, pointing
to a ridge of hills to the north. The
chief and his warriors followed them
<ioi? *> Ught followed. The young girl
wears a navy blue cap, and in his shirt
there sparkles an electric diamond
about half an inch in diameter, which
is doubtless placed there to lend luster
to the various badges pinned to his
vest; badges of the orders of Volun
teer Firemen, which he cherishes more
hid herself and the young chief was left
for dead.
"Well, the girl came out and prayed
and prayed to the Great Spirit that he
Would save her lover's life.
"The Great Spirit answered by shak
ing the earth and at her feet appeared
an opening in the ground. Presently the
mud began to bubble up just as it does
to-day. A spring started to How from
under a rock near by. She gave the
wounded man the water to drink and
put the mud on his wounds.
"When the warriors of his tribe saw
him and that he had 'come back to
life' they said It must be the Great
Spirit's will that he should marry the
girl of his choice and he did so with a
great feast.
"No Indian dares go near the springs
now except the medicine man. He goes
up to bathe, carrying a lock of hair of
every member of the tribe so they may
have the benefit of the bath and pros
per in their crops and cattle as well as
in their children and their health.
"We crossed a mountain and passed
the town of Cahto and went into the
redwood belt.
"We camped for luncheon beside the
'Mud Creek,' at a place where were
three springs under the redwood trees.
One spring was clear, pure water, one
was a soda spring and the third a sul
phur spring.
"I tried bottling the water but it was
not a success as it quickly became
stale.
"Mud Creek looks exactly like a river
of milk, the water is so impregnated
with the mud, which is only neld in
mechanical suspension.
"The springs are located at the top of
a perfectly denuded hill. All the land
around is very fertile and covered with
dense forests of redwood. There are
seven of the mud springs."
"There are eight now, doctor," Dr.
Burgoyne said, telling about the eighth
spring. "We were admiring the springs
and Dr. Paget rather snubbed the In
dian who kept warning him not to go
too near. But In the cauee of science
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBEK 23, 1893.
than a Chevalier of Prance would the
badge of the Legion d'Honneur.
This real, live, up-to-date Tom Saw
yer spends his time telling stories of
former days, while he occasionally
mixes a brandy and soda or a cock
tail.
He is fond of reminiwpensing and re
calling the jolly nights and days he
used to spend with Sam — as he always
calls him— Sam Clemmens.
His saloon is a work of art from the
fireman's standpoint, for the walls are
completely covered with helmets and
belts and other paraphernalia of fire
men.
Here and there are huge frames con
taining the photographs of firemen and
groups, in which Tom Sawyer himself
stands in the front ranKs. for he prides
himself upon being a member of the
first volunteer fire company ever
formed in California.
Next to his badges of his fire com
pany Tom Sawyer values his friendship
with Mark Twain, and he will sit for
hours telling of the pranks they used
to play and of the narrow escapes they
had from the police.
"Sam and me wuz the greatest
chums that ever happened along in
the doctor wanted a photograph and
went pretty close to the largest spring.
Both of his feet went through the crust
and he threw himself onto the ground
and crawled out. Where his feet broke
the crust at once there was a new
spring of boiling mud.
"Our Indian guide told us about a
great cinnamon bear which had
troubled the ranchers, eating their
sheep and frightening the cattle. The
hunters and dogs had chased him to
this mountain. He was surrounded
and In trying to escape the bear fell
into the largest of the springs and sank
out of sight. No trace of the bear was
ever found.
"The mountain is doubtless the
mouth of a long extinct volcano, and
the mud is heavily charged with gases
and minerals. The analysis has shown
some unaccountable reactions, and I
expect to make a good many experi
ments in my laboratory at home which
Hunters at the Gallapagos Islands Capturing the Last Specimens of the Elephant Turtle.
•58.
•' 'Twas a great sport in those days.
I am sober enough now to tell it, I
guess, and Sam and me used to meet
at the Blue Wing, kept by Dan Dris
coll, down there next to the Russ
House, and many a night we'd sit
there telling stories till the stars went
out and the sun was staring down in
our faces.
"Sam wuz workin' on The Call in
those days. They'd send him out down
at the pap^r to write something up,
and he'd go up to the 'Blue Wing' and
sit around telling stories and drinking
all day. Then he'd go back to the of
fice and write up something.
"Most times it was all wrong, but it
was mighty entertaining, anyhow.
"Sam came near getting fired two or
three times and then he'd brace up for
a day or so and square himself with the
fellers that run the paper.
"Sam was a dandy, he wuz. He could
drink more and talk more than any fel
ler I ever seen. He'd set down and
take a drink and then he'd begin to tell
us some joke or 'nother, and then
somebody'd buy him another drink and
he'd keep her up all day.
"Once he got started he'd set there
till morning telling yarns, provided
some one would throw a bowl at him
every few minutes.
"He beat the record for lyin'— nobody
wuz in the race with him there, though
I wuz considered a pretty good disciple
of Ananias myself.
"He never hod a cent, his clothes
were always ragged and .he never had
his hair cut or a shave in them days,
and judging from his pictures I see in
the papers lately, I should say he
hasn't had his hair cut since bO.
••I used to give him half my wages,
and then he'd borrow from the other
half but a jollier companion and a bet
ter mate I never want. He wuz a prince
among men. you can bet though 111
'low he wuz the darndest homeliest
man I ever set eyes on, Sam wuz.
"You want to know how I came to
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®® ®®®(
will be too technical in a scientific way
to be of general Interest.
"I have always felt certain that your
California mineral springs contain
minerals that we are not gen
erally acquainted with, and, though I
wish to say nothing about it just at
present, I believe that in these speci
mens I have found something quite
nt "Do you think that you can find a
new mineral in one mud spring that
has not been discovered before?
"Well why not? The mud comes
from a' great depth, maybe from the
portion of the crust of the earth which
is very hot. Owing, doubtless, to the
great 'pressure the substances thrown
up by the spring have been subjected
to, electricity has been generated, as my
needle proves. It may be that the elec
tricity is in a measure responsible for
the action of the mud. lam inclined
to believe, however, as is Dr. Paget,
that in this mud is a volatile mineral
which we do not know and which es
cape? into the air immediately when it
reaches the surface.
"I have a quantity of the mud pre
served in different ways which I am
carrying to London to experiment upon.
I have better facilities in my own lab
oratory than is possible up in the Men
docino mountains."
Willie— l think old Moneybags is the
meanest man I ever knew.
Millie— What has he done?
Willie — Bought for his daughter a
musical parlor clock which plays
"Home, Sweet Home" at 10 o'clock,
"Tramp, Tramp. Tramp" at 10:15, and
"Johnny, Get Your Gun" at 10:30. — Jew
eler's Weekly.
rigger in his books, do you? Well, as I
said, we both wuz fond of telling stories
and spinning yarns. Sam, he wuz
mighty fond of children's doings and
whenever he'd see any little fellers
a-fightin' on the street he'd allus stop
and watch 'em and then he'd come up
to the Blue Wing and describe the
whole doings and then I'd try and beat
his yarn by telling him of the antics I
used to play when I wuz a kid and say,
I don't believe there ever was such an
other little devil ever lived as I wuz.
"Sam he would listen to these pranks
of mine with great interest and he'd
occasionally take 'em down in his note
book.
"One day he says' to me: 'I am going
to put you between the covers of a book
some of these days, Tom.'
" 'Go ahead, Sam,' I says, 'but don't
disgrace my name.'
"Well, in after years, when that book
wuz published he sent me a copy and I
felt as if I wuz readin' out of my own
diary. He got me down to a science, I
tell you.
"He also used some of the things I
told him in 'Huckleberry Firm.'
"You know how he got the name of
Mark Twain?
"In those days I wuz plying between
here and Panama and in the meantime
Sam had gone up to Virginia City.
"When I came back from a trip he
wrote, asking me to make him a visit.
"W r ell, I was pretty well heeled— had
$800 in my inside pocket — and as there
was nothing much doin' in Frisco I
went.
"Such a time as I had! There wuz
a set of high rollers there in Virginia
City at that time, I can tell you— Bret
Harte, Pat Lynch, Sam Davis, Holland
of the Enterprise, Tom Fox, Doc Cole
and Sam.
"In four days I found myself busted,
without a cent.
"Well, we were down at Tom Pease
ly's saloon, and it was getting near
morning. Everybody had piled out
'cept Sam and me and Larry Ryan,
who tended bar.
"Sam had been standin' Peasely off
foi several days, and he thought he'd
work the same game on Larry.
" 'Give us two cocktails. Larry* — and
such cocktails as th^m were! U-m, I
can taste 'em yet," added Tom smack
ing his lips together.
"Larry mixed 'em and handed 'em
Only a Few of Them Left on Earth.
L ast Specimens of the Almost Extinct Giant Turtle Have
Just Been Captured.
Sixty-nine were caught; two of them were taken to Berkeley and the rest were sent to a famous zoologist
in London, who hopes to corner the world's market on these valuable tortoises.
A PAIR of the oddest specimens
of the turtle family ever
brought to this port are at
present waddling about the
garden of Captain Robert
Limbridge of Berkeley. He
captured them on one of the South Sea
islands.
The pair were brought here in com
pany with sixty-nine others of the
same species. They were secured for
and shipped directly to Walter Roth
child of London, who owns the largest
zoological museum in the world.
These strange members of the Che
lonian tribe are known to science as
the Elephantapus, but are commonly
called the giant tortoise. They are to
be found on one island only of the
Galapagos group, which is situated di
rectly on the equator, about 600 miles
over the bar expecting Sam to 'ante up.'
Instead, he stood there and held up
two fingers, and pointing to the slate
said, 'Larry, mark twain.'
"Larry told Peasely of it in the morn
ing, and Peasely thought It such a good
joke that he told all the boys, and af
ter that Sam wuz dubbed 'MarkTwaln.'
"Where under the sun he got it has
always been a mystery, but that morn
ing £am walked in with $200 in his
pocket, gave me $50, and put me on
the stage for California, saying that
he guessed his Virginia City friends
wuz too speedy for me.
"That wuz the last time I ever saw
Sam, but he's coming out here some
day, and I am saving up for him.
"When he does come there'll be some
fun, for if he gives a lecture. I intend
coming right in on the platform and
have a few old time sallies with him.
"Guess Sam hasn't forgotten how we
used to go around to the dance halls
and scatter cayenne pepper on the seats
and get all the girls a cryin'.
"We just escaped gettin' locked ut>
many a night. I'll just ask him rieht
out in meetin' about a few of those
things when he comes to Frisco."
Tom Sawyer is now 72 years old, but
to look at his "shinin- morning face"
How Tom Sawyer's Aunt De
scribed Him in MarK
Twain's Famous
Book
"Hang the boy; can't I ne\'er
learn anything? Ain't he played
me tricks enough for me to be
looking out for him by this time?
But old fools is the biggest fools
there is. Can't learn an old dog
new tricks, as the saying is. But,
my goodness, he never plays
them alike two days, and how is
a body to know what's coming?
He 'pears to know just how long
he can torment me before I get
my dander \xp, and he knows
that if he can make out to put
me off for a minute, or make me
laugh, it's all down again, and
I can't hit him a lick
Every time I let him off my
conscience hurts me so, and
every time I hit him my old
heart most breaks."
one would say he had not passed the
half century mark.
He says he keeps young by keeping
good natured, which one can readily
believe for he Is always ready for a
good joke.
He is married, and is the father of
seven sons. His wife keeps house for
him in the rooms above his saloon,
where he has lived for thirty-seven
years.
The greatest sorrow of his life was
the recent death of his parrot. His
voice grows shaky and he gets "teary"
round the lashes when he speaks of
poor poll's demise, whose companion
ship he enjoyed for eighteen years.
And so Tom Sawyer who gave Mark
Twain the impetus for his famous book,
now stands at the bar giving other
thines to other people.
VIOLA RODGERS.
Reading Character by the Eyebrow
Ap arched eyebror does not indicate
the highest order of Intelligence, but is
expressive of great sensibility. Scant
off the coast of Ecuador. The species
is now almost extinct. It is believed
by geologists who have visited these
isolated dots of land that the island
of Albermarle, which they inhabit, was
at some prehistoric period separated
from the adjacent land, leaving a few
of the creatures, which might have
been in that particular locality, there
to propagate.
These tortoises somewhat resemble
the common turtle, althoueh more in
clined to rotundity, the upper armor
or shell being almost as round no half
a ball. One of the specimens in the
possession of Captain Limbridge, which
is of average size, is about 16 inches
high, 2 feet wide and 3 feet long, and
weighs in the neighborhood of 150
pounds.
Their most striking peculiarity, and
a feature which distinguishes them
from the remainder of their tribe, is
1 the fact that they do not drag their
] bodies along the ground after the slug
: gish manner of the turtle, but lirt their
huge shells clear of the earth by at least
five or six inches and move ahead much
! more rapidly. Their movements are
i very similar to the elephant and pe
j culiarly enough the nether limbs are
jointed and bend in at the knee ex
actly like the huge beasts which In
some degree they resemble. The head,
growth of the eyebrows denotes lack
of vitality; on the contrary, heavyg
thick eyebrows indicate a strong con
stitution and great physical endurance.
They are not beautiful on a woman's
face, however much they may signify
either mental or bodily vigor, and
when they are not only heavy, but
droop and meet at the nose, they aro
disagreeable, and are said to accom
pany an insincere and prying nature.
Long, drooping eyebrows, lying wida>
apart, indicate an amiable disposition.
Where the eyebrows are lighter in color
than the hair the indications are lacK
of vitality and great sensitiveness.
Faintly denned eyebrows high above
the nose are signs of indolence and
weakness. Very black eyebrows give
the face an intense and searching ex
pression; when natural, they accom
pany a passionate temperament. Very
light eyebrows rarely are seen on,
strongly intellectual faces, although
the color of the eyebrows is not accept-"
ed simply as denoting lack of Intelli
gence; the form gives the key to tha
faculties and their direction. Red eye
brows denote great fervor and ambi
tion; brown, a medium between the red
and black.
A feminine laugh has to be decorative,
and so it should be the laugh of gayety
rather than of humor. There can hardly
be a question as to the sweetest laugh to
be heard among nations of women — it is
surely the French woman's. She has tha
softest warble of all. If doves were not
so serious they might remind us of Par
isian women laughing together. The Ital
ian laugh is happy enough, but it is not
quite so independent of the subject of
laughter; it has a jollity all its own. It
is somewhat uncivilized, but needs no civ
ilizing. But its principal characteristic ia
the contralto tone proper to the woman
who is to the last somewhat of a peas
ant.
The laughter of English women is too
various for any brief description. For
English women laugh, not according ta
their race, but according to their caste,
as caste has lately been revised and re
distributed. It may be said In caste also
the treble note, the ready, the lmmedlata
flits up to its own place — the top — and ia
audible there, for all its slender quality.-*
Collier's Weekly.
which is from 8 to 10 Inches in length,
is identical in shape and appearance
with that of the boa constrictor. There
are five toes on each foot and each nro*
vided with a monstrous nail.
They will eat anything they can mas«
ticate. Carrots, turnips— in fact, all
manner of vegetables are consumed In.
large quantities by the shell-clothed
monsters.
The egg from this species of tortoise
is of about the size and shape of an
ordinary billiard ball, snowy white and
very fine eating.
The expedition which has just re
turned with such a great number of
these tortoises was sent out last year by
Walter Rothchild to the Galapagos
with instructions to secure, dead or
alive, every specimen of bird or animalr
to be found on the islands, but partic
ularly to return with every living?
member of the giant tortoise, if possi
ble. Kothchild's purpose, according ta
Captain Limbridge, is to corner tha
market in specimens of this giant tur
tle. For if he carries out his ideaai.
the species will be extinct, except for
those in his possession, and the price
would not be long in reaching the thou
sand-dollar mark. So anxious was ha
that a large number be secured that,
besides paying the expenses of the ex-L
pedition, he offered a bonus of $300 at
pair for every two landed safely in
London.
The expedition was In command of-
M. A. Harris, a Boston scientist, who
had two assistants, and took with him,
also a captain and mate to navigate a'
vessel, should one be secured. Thar
party proceeded directly to Panama,
the plan being to charter a vessel at.
that point, which was not far from,
their destination. In this Mr. Harris
was unsuccessful, and while engaged
in a futile effort to secure craft of soma
sort, the captain, mate and one of his
assistants died of yellow fever. Ha
then proceeded to this city and sent
word of the unfortunate condition oC
affairs to Mr. Rothchild, who, nothing
daunted, sent more men and instruc
tions to proceed regardless of cost.
The expenses up to this point had been
nearly $3000.
The services of Captain Limbridge,
who is familiar with the South Sea Is-*,
lands, were finally secured, and the ex-*
pedition sailed last fall In the littl*
100-ton schooner Lila and Mattie.
The party remained on the island six
months and captured nearly every tor
toise there. Captain Limbridge thinks
there cannot possibly be more than,
half a dozen left.
Captain Limbridge values his pair of
pets at $300. He has endeavored to
dispose of them to the Park Commis
sioners, but the Commissioners are in
clined to think his price a trifle ex
orbitant.
Dr. H. Behr, entomologist at the
Academy of Sciences, says it would be
a great pity to allow the tortoises to
leave the State, as they are at present
and are likely to be until they die, the
only two specimens of this rare species
in America. There is, he stated, a
species somewhat similar on the Mag
carenhas Islands, in the Indian Ocean,
but they, too, are nearly extinct.
"Why, three hundred dollars," he
ejaculated when told of the figure
asked for them, "why in five years
from now there will be none except
those owned by Mr. Rothchild. Then
you will pay him $3000 if you want
one."
2526
THE fresh, spicy winds of au
tumn, after the enervating heat
of the past fortnight, have put
new life and energy into every
one. The shops are crowded to
overflowing with an influx of those of
the smart set who until now have been
unable to tear themselves away from
the alluring delights of golf, tennis and
other out-of-town sports. Modistes are
busy fashioning gowns for ail sorts of
entertainments, the florists and cater
ers, who have been in despair over the
tardy commencement of autumnai fes
tivities, are beginning to take "heart
of grace" and society generally is busy
making preparations for its town pa
rade.
* * •
There has been a perfect shower of
orange blossoms this month — indeed,
October bids fair to outrival June as a
month for brides.
Several interesting weddings have
taken place the pa.st week, and an-
nouncements of engagements and wed
dings that are soon to uccur are keep
ing the maids and matrons in a flutter
of anticipation.
.-.,.• •
An engagement announcement of
more than passing interest, owing to
the immense popularity of the young
lady, is that of Miss Clementina Kip,
grand-dausrhter of the late Bishop Kip.
to Dr. Guy L. Edie. U. S. A. No date
has as yet been set for the wedding,
but it will in all probability be one of
the events of the coming winter season.
Another army engagement which has
just been made public is that of Miss
Mamie Kent of Oakland to Lieutenant
Malcolm Graham, U. S. A., son of G^n
era-1 Graham.
The engagement is also announced of
Henry P. Soranton of Oakland and Miss
Grace A. Wise of Pleu.santon.
Last week's notable affairs included
several -weddings, a luncheon given by
Miss Edith Mcßean on Friday to ;i
number of her girl friends, a tea and a
Jolly little dinner at which Mrs. Eleanor
Martin Mas the hostess on Wednesday
last in honor of Lieutenant and Mrs.
Key, who were her guests during their
stay in this city.
Those invited to meet them were:
Mr. and Mrs. Chilton, Judge and Mrs.
Ross, Miss Ethel Murphy, Miss Jo
sephine Loughborough, Miss Schneely,
Downey Harvey and Mr. Van Winkle.
Lieutenant and Mrs. Key sailed on
Thursday for Japan, the Lieutenant
having bejen appointed naval attache
at Tokio.
• *
On Tuesday evening last the Allen-
Heathcote wedding took place. This
was a quiet home affair, with yellow as
its color scheme. On Thursday even
ing Miss Katherine M. Manlove and
J'hn T. Scott, nephew of Irving M.
Scott, were united in marriage at the
home of the bride's mother in Sacra
mento.
A very pretty wedding was that of Miss
Edna Jiianita Festover, who was married
on Wednesday evening to S. Kdward
Blddle, a banker of Hanford. It was a
pink and white wedding, the bride's girl
friends having arranged the roses and
chrysanthemums that adorned the house.
The bride's gown was exquisitely de
signed of crystal silk and clouds of chiffon
ruffles, furlong veil caught back with
orange blossoms. Miss Ada Foilansbee,
In mull and lace, was maid of honor. Af
ter the ceremony Miss Alice Brannan
sang "Call Me Thine Own."
An elaborate supper was served, after
which the happy couple departed for
their honeymoon trip to Del Monte. They
will reside in Hanford upon their return.
• • •
The wedding of Miss Daisy Crowley
and George E. L.yon took place at the
residence of the bride's parents, Hon. and
Mrs. Patrick Crowley, 1629 Sacramento
street, at noon on Wednesday. Rev.
Father Callaghan performed the cere
mony, and later in the day the newly
married couple departed for a northern
trip.
The nuptials of Miss Edith Howland,
daughter of the late Robert M. Howland,
and Charles Gunn. were solemnized last
Wednesday evening at the home of the
bride's mother. 1900 Devisadero street. It
was a quiet family affair. Rev. Robert
Mackenzie officiated. Mr. and Mrs. Gunn
left the following day on a bridal tour
to the southern part of the State, and on
their return will reside at 1900 Devlsadero
street.
A simple but very pretty wedding took
place the evening of the 19th in St. John's
Episcopal Church, when Miss Jessie M.
Anderson, daughter of Mrs. Ixiis A. An
derson, the well-known .singer, became
the wife of Burr Eastwood, who is a
tpemher of the firm of Holbrook, Merrill
<£ Stetson and the son of Asa B. East
wood, the prominent mining expert. The
church was tastefully decorated In ferns
and white crysanthemums. The ushers
were Percy Morse, James Hobbs, Ralph
Barker and P. H. B. Collier. The brides
maids were Miss Helen Anderson, Jli.sk
Kathprlne Anderson, Miss Mabel East
wood and Miss Mabel Smith. Miss Jeaji
nette Anderson was the maid of honor.
The bride, who was accompanied by hf>r
mother, was gowned in white taffeta,
trimmed with lovers' knots of lace. She
was met at the chancel by the groom and
his best man, Charles L. Barrett. The
ceremony was performed by the Rev. Mr!
Bnx-k. after which the wedding party re
paired to the home of the bride's mother,
•where a wedding feast awaited them.
• • •
The first large tea of the season was
given on Thursday by Mrs. Aaron Milton
Burns at her home, 150< Washington
Street, upon which occasion her daughter,
Miss Burns, r.:ade her debut into society.
They were- assisted in receiving by Mrs.
Louis H. Lonar, Mrs. H. K. Mann,
Mrs. -William Boericke, Mrs. Wil
liam R. Bryan, Miss Bender, Miss Mes
SOCIETY.
sick, Mrs. Charles Slack, the Misses Dunn,
Miss Cora Meyerstein, Mrs. James Ed
wards, Miss Helen Wright and Miss
Marian. The rooms were beautifully dec
orated, autumn tints predominating. The
parlors were crowded with a fashionable
company between the hours of 3 and 4
o'clock and tempting refreshments v/ere
served.
Next Saturday morning Irving M. Scott,
Dr. George Chlsmore and Lieutenant R.
F. Nicholson, commander of the Farra
gut, will be the guests of honor at a din
ner to be given by the Bohemian Club.
On Thursday evening, October 27, Mrs.
William J. McClosky will give a reception
at her studio in the Phelan building from
8 to 10 o'clock.
* ♦ *
In a Denver paper appears the following
item, which will be of Interest to San
Franciscans: "Mrs. M. J. Cranmer and
Miss Cranmer gave a large and hand
somely appointed tea Thursday afternoon
in honor of their guest. Miss Messer oi
San Francisco, who will spend the winter
with them. The day was a perfect one
and during the reception hours— from 4
to 6— there was a continuous stream ot
fashionably gowned society ladies going
In and out of the Cranmer residence on
Seventeenth avenue. Pink was the color
scheme carried out all over the house.
Large vases of La France roses ana
banks of palms were artistically arranged
about the spacious parlors and m the
dining-room the refreshment table was
especially attractive. Bauds of heavy
pink satin ribbon twined with t.encate
strands of asparagus fern extended from
the pink-shaded chandelier to the four
corners of the table. A large vase of pink
roses occupied the center of the table.
Mrs. Cranmer received in a handsome
toilet of white taffeta with lavender trim
mings and a bodice of embroidered chif
fon edged with Persian trimming Miss
rrinm^r wore a beautiful gown of pink
taffeta, with mink trimming, and a bodice
Of lavender velvet and chiffon. Miss
Messer made a charming picture in a -ale
blue satin brocade, en train, with a petti
coat of white moussellne de Bole, ruffled
down the front. The bodice was trimmed
with emerald green velvet and cream lace
applique with a puffed front of white
moussellne de sole. '
» * ♦
Mr and Mrs. George Crocker arrived
here last Thursday in their Private car
"Emllita," and were accompanied by Mr.
and Mrs. Charles A. Cbilds of New York
City Miss Rutherford and Miss Emma
Wallace Rutherford. They are at the
Crocker residence. 1100 California street.
Mrs Jane L. Stanford Is expected home
from New York during the week.
Miss Ella Bender has been the gueat
of* Mrs. J. B. Wright of Saxiramento dur
ing the last fortnight.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Moulton will soon
leave their country villa, near Mavheld,
to pass the winter in New City.
Mr and Mrs. H. L. Dodge returned last
Monday from an extended Eastern trip.
Mrs C. E. Kllbourne and Miss Kil
bourne. wife and daughter of Ma
jor Kilbourne, U. S. A., are at the Colo
rial for the winter.
'The Burlingame Club will move to its
new quarters about November Id, and
until the new clubhouse is erected they
will occupy the old cottage, formerly used
by them. The present polo and golf
grounds will be used. It is expected that
in about three months the club will have
complete possession of its new home and
grounds. , . • . •
The Misses Florence and Sara Coleman
and Mis.M Julia George are visiting Miss
Alice Boggs at the Boggs country home
"\v °EE S 'Dean and family have returned
from San Rafael and taken possession of
their apartments at the Palace.
C F Mullins and family have returned
from Europe and are occupying their res
idence, 1809 Gough street.
Mrs. Alfred*. Tubbs has gone to Colusa
for a short visit.
A reception was given last Sunday even
ing at Duveneck's Hall by the Monarch
Brass Band in honor of one of their mem
bers Dr Edw. Fisher, who has return
ed from a mining expedition. A very
pleasant evening was spent in music,
dancing and speeches, after which a sup-
P< The V 'fuir '<'.ress ball of the Arlon Verein
will take place Saturday, October 29, at
their rooms. 414 Pine street.
The members of Company L, First Reg
iment League of the Cross Cadets, of
Mission Dolores parish will give an en
tertainment in Odd Fellows Hall on
Tuesday evening, October 25, for the ben
eilt of their uniform and armory fund.
Tickets can be bought at the armory.
Tenth and Market streets, or from mem
bers of the company, for 25 cents each.
The" committee in charge- of the entertain
ment consists of Lieutenant Frank J.
Grimley Sergeant Vincent C. Kennedy
and Corporal William J. Smith.
Golden Gate Masquerade Carnival will
give a prize masquerade at Eintracht
Hall Saturday evening, October 29.
Mrs M L. Delaplaine of Wheeling. W.
Va sailed last Thursday on the steamer
China for an extensive trip through the
Orient Mrs. and Miss Delaplaine spent
three months in this city previous to their
departure, and expect to return again In
the eariy spring
A delightful dinner party was given by
Mrs Emma Blank last Tuesday evening
at her home, 1250 Ellis street. The table
was beautifully decorated with carnations
and maidenhair. Covers were laid for
sixteen. After dining the evening was
spent in music and dancing.
The marriage is announced of Miss
Zetta Leonta Heintzen, formerly a well
known literary woman of this city, and
Will de Calvos Gladwin. The ceremony
was performed at the residence of the
bride's uncle, J. T. Summers, Sioux Falls,
South Dakota, on the 17th inst. The groom
it; superintendent of the Sioux Falls Post
office. i . ; ; . . . *
The christening of the youngest chil
dren of Mr. and Mrs. M. Tonjes was cele
brated last week. The girl was named
Martha Charlotte Wilhemina; one of the
boys received the names Emiel Martin
Johann, and the other Franciscus Nicho
laus. Those who acted as sponsors on the
occasion were: Miss Charlotte Wllhel
mine Maier. Frederick Kaiser, Miss Jo
sephine Wrede Nickolaus, Francis Quirck,
Miss Emu-lie Wrede, Henry O. L. Tonjes,
Miss Ella Breene, Johann Tonjes and Au
gust C. Marquardt. Among others pres
ent were: Mrs. Charles Maler, Mrs. Au
gust Breene and Mr. and Mrs. Julius
Wrede. The baptism took place October
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1893.
9 in the German Lutheran St. John's
Church, Mason street, between Paciflc
and Jackson, John G. Mangold pastor.
Mr. and Mrs. James S. Wethered an
nounce the engagement of their daughter
Mollie to Emil Kruse, son of the late
Edward T. Kruse, pioneer merchant and
banker. The wedding is set for the first
week in November.
The following Californians sailed from
New York on the 20th inst. for Europe on
the Hamburg-American liner Furst Bis
marck: Baroness yon Sehroeder and
maid. Master Henry yon Schroeder. Miss
Jeanette yon Schroeder, Miss Edita yon
Schroeder and governess. Mrs. F. W.
Sharon and Dr. P. C. Erhardt.
The marriage of Miss Emily P. Conklin,
daughter of Mrs. A. R. Conklin, and Cap
tain J. F. Lucey took place Thursday
evening, October 13, at the home of the
bride's uncle, Hon. P. Reddy. 2717 Pacific
avenue. The bride was given away by
her uncle. Rev. Mr. Phillips of Oakland
officiated. Dr. Rottanzi acted as best
man and the bridesmaids were Miss War
ren and Miss Emily Coleman.
Among those present were: Major and
Mrs. Rice, Miss Rice, Dr. Rottanzi, Mr.
and Mrs. W. H. Metson, Mrs. A. R. Conk
lin, Mr. and Mrs. P. Reddy. Captain and
Mrs. E. A. Reddy. Dr. and Mrs. Le revre,
Mrs Josie Coleman, Mrs. Thomas F. But
ler, Mrs. M. Olcese, Mrs. A. J. Kelleher,
the Misses Warren. Emily Coleman, Miss
O'Hara, Mamie Conway, Charles Hum
phreys and Charles Clark.
The marriage of William Charleton Mil
ler and Miss Mollie E. Smith, sister of
Colonel James F. Smith, took place at St.
Mary's Cathedral on Monday last. Only
the immediate relatives of the contracting 1
parties were present. The ceremony was
performed by Rev. Father D. O'Sullivan.
Miss Genevieve A. Smith assisted the
bride, and Dr. James Seymour acted as
best man. The young couple left for the
south. After a few weeks they will return
to reside in this city.
COLLECTING A FUND
FOR HOWARD GOULD.
Kansas Women Are Enthusiastic Over His Marriage
With fllss Kathenne Oemmons and They
Want to Reimburse Him in a fleasure for
the $5,000,000 He Lost From the Estate
for Marrying Her Without the Consent of
the Family.
Special to the Sunday Call.
WICHITA, Kans., Oct. 21.— One
of the most unique of all
unique plans has been start
ed by Kansas women. It Is
to reimburse Howard Gould
partially for what money he lost by
marrying Miss Katherine Clemmons
against the wishes of his brother and
sister and thus losing five million dol
lars, according to the provisions of their
father's will.
The plan was started by Mrs. W.
Eugene Stanley, the wife of the candi
date for Governor on the Republican
ticket, and is fostered by Mrs. Mary E.
Lease, ex-Governor Morril's wife, and
other prominent society women of the
State.
Mrs. Stanley In an interview with a
Sunday Call representative spoke about
this scheme enthusiastically. She said:
"People may call Kansans unique
and all that, but we are going to let
the world know that we are in favor of
love matches Just the same. There has
LAW
FOR WOMEN.
To the feminine mind tne workings of
the law are fearful and wonderful. There
are a few things a woman who has
enough money to her name to pay a law
yer his fee for settling up her estate
should know.
She should, before every other thinsr,
make her will. It will cost her say from
$5 to $15, and save no end of trouble and
expense after her death.
She may, with a little care, avoid the
trouble to her heirs which occurred in a
recent case. A lady came to California
for her health, bringing as an attendant
only a trained nurse. Her property con
sisted mostly in personal property ana
money invested in California.
She died, leaving no will. Two sons, her
heirs, residents of another State, at once
wired to friends of the family for help in
the emergency and to attend to their
mother's funeral and burial.
The deceased, hovever, living in a hotel,
died with her board bill unpaid, naturally
enough There were the usual outstand
ing bills as well and plenty of money on
hand to pay all the debts.
The family friend was surprised to find
that, although he had Instructions from
the woman's heirs, he was unable to
carry out their wishes. Everything was
by law delegated to the Public Adminis
trator. He had authority to attend to the
burial of the dead lady, to pay her debts,
collect her rents and administer upon her
estate. He was allowed 7 per cent of the
ttrst thousand dollars of the appraised
value of the estate and 5 per cent on large
sums.
He was allowed besides attorney's fees
and all expenses.
When the two sons at last got their
inheritance it was smaller by a good
many dollars than when their mother died
besides all their trouble and the unpleas
antness of having a stranger as adminis
trator. '
An unmarried woman dying without a
will would leave her non-resident heirs
in the same condition.
If a woman dies the entire community
property belong to her surviving husband
without the trouble of an administration
or the expense of letters of probate.
When a man dies, however, the widow
is not so nicely provided for. Only one
half of the community property goes to
her, the remainder going to her hus
band's next heirs. The one-half which
the widow 1b allowed, however, must be
probated, and it Is chargeable with Its pro
portionate share of the debts of her hus
band.
Thus it is that when a man dies with
many debts his widow may receive little
of his estate, for the debts must be paid
first.
If a man dies intestate, leaving a wife
and one child, they share equally the
estate. If there are more than one child
the wife is entitled by law to one-third
the estate. The remainder is divided
equally among the children. If any of
the children should be dead, but having
children, these children receive their
parent's share of the estate.
If a man dies without a will and leaves
a father, mother, brothers or sisters, they
take legally one-half of his estate and
one-half goes to the wife when he has
no children.
If. however, the deceased man has no
father or mother or brothers or sisters,
all his estate, after his debts are paid,
goes to his wife.
If a man or woman dies leaving no heirs
the estate goes to the Public Administra
tor's care and after being administered
upon becomes a part of the school fund.
One very peculiar law in California is in
the following case:
A widow, having children, marries a
widower with children. The couple have
other children of their own, making three
separate gTOups of children.
The man or woman dies without hav
ing made a will. All three groups of
children are equal heirs at law, although
one group of children would be no rela
tion to the man, and one group no rela
tion to the woman.
Another case is that kindred of the half
blood inherit equally with those of the
whole blood, when there is no will, unless
it can be proven that the deceased person
Inherited the money from some ancestor.
In this case the inheritance goes only to
those of the same blood as the ancestor.
Another thing which few women know.
If a woman, a native American, marries
an unnaturalized foreigner she becomes
the subject of her husband's country. If
he dies she is still not an American citi
zen, except by act of Congress.
This was the case with Mrs. Nellie
Grant Sartoris, who was naturalized by
a special act of Congress.
A BUD'S
GOSSIP.
DEAREST Marguerite: "Dull, dul
ler, dullest" is the way Mabel
dolefully dubs this last week.
Of a truth it has not been thrill
ingly gay for the little girl. The
other buds have not yet burst their
calyxes, so Mabel perforce is "sub rosa."
She did not even go to the second Miller
cotillon last night. Nor for the matter
of that did I. The girls threatened,
wheeled and cajoled in vain. If we all
wore pinafores and played "ring-around
the-rosie," I might go. But the little
girls and boys who belong to the class in
sist on making believe grown up. They
make believe so successfully that I feel
like the "leading juvenile." So I sent
my regrets neatly done up with a bottle
of "Mellen's food."
I have been at the tennis club almost
every morning this week. The ladies'
been altogether too much of this mar
rying of titles and money without the
least bit of love attached. It is sim
ply barbarous, and Kansas women are
going to put their stamp of approval
upon this marriage between Mr. Gould
and Miss Clemmons.
"We are proud of Mr. Gould's
heroic action, and will do all we can to
repay him for the money he has lost.
Of course we have no idea that we can
raise anything like $5,000,000, but a por
tion of it we are quite sure can be se
cured.
"The money will be raised by giving
church socials and home talent enter
tainments."
The movement was started last week
by giving a big church social here, at
which about $200 was raised. At To
peka, Leavenworth and other Kansas
towns reports are coming that the
movement is becoming very popular,
and everybody is with the women in
the work.
A committee has already been ap
pointed to take care of the funds until
several thousand dollars are raised,
when it will be sent as a wedding pres
ent to the millionaire's son and his
wife.
single tournament is to be played next
Wednesday afternoon. There has been
some splendid practice work and every
one predicts a lively game. I have a bet
with Dick of a new hat that Alice Hoff
man wins the match. I wanted to bet
my head, but Dick preferred the hat, as
that has a market value. Dick pins his
faith to Winifred Mason, who will play
against Alice.
The second match will be played by Miss
Hunter and Ruth Foster. The winner of
this match will play Miss Hoffman or
Miss Mason.
Peg, you're a fraud! Have I not told
you all the gossip that has reached my
ears and more too for the matter of that?
lou have known all along that Clementina
Kip was engaged to Surgeon Edie, U S
A. Don't detiy it, for I met Mary Kip
and she said "Clemmfe wrote to Peg the
very day she was engaged." You're a
base ingrate not to have told me, but I'll
forgive you; you are the most extraor
dinary- creature, capable of keeping a
secret. I don't believe in keeping secrets
myself. A secret is not half a secret nor
half the fun unless at least a dozen people
know it.
Pater and mater went to Mrs. Heath
cote's wedding. She married a Mr. Lewis
whom everybody pays is charming and
well blessed with worldly goods. Mamma
said it was a very pretty affair and that
the bride s mother and sisters, Mrs. Kit
tle, Mrs. Will Taylor and Mrs. Bovd
looked charming. Papa said ' Mr. Lewis
told him that Mrs. Heathcote was the
only woman, he had ever loved. Doesn't
that sound fine and antideluvian? Mr
and Mrs. Lewis are going to live in Port
land, so we shall lose "one of the Kittle
girls.
Wednesday night Mabel and I finished
four little sacques for the Children's Hos
pital. We had to do something, and there
was absolutely nothing else to do.
Helen Hopkins, Laura Bates and the
rest of us mnde oceans of sacques last
Christmas, but they are in need of them
again. Dick was out at a stag dinner the
"Fijis" gave to Douglas Mcßride, who
left for Honolulu this week. Dick had
his head tied up with wet bandages the
next morning. For some reason, that we
girle are not old enough to understand,
"stag" dinners always reap an aftermath
of ice water and bandages.
We had an awfully jolly time at Mrs.
Cadwalader's the other night. Mr. Coch
rane, the Princeton football celebrity,
was the guest of honor at the very in
formal dinner. Mr. Cadwalader wept cop
ious tears into the soup because he Is
barred from playing football here this
year. He played center at. Tale last year,
so he is not eligible to play for Berkeley.
Stanford will "give them the ax," any-
way, say I, but Mr. Cochrane. who is i an
authority, says Berkeley stands a fair
chance.
Edith Mcßean, Miss Kilburn and Miss
Carolan agreed with me in saying that
for a really good time there is nothing
like an informal dinner.
After dinner we all went to the "Danc
ing Girl," which was not bad enough to
mar the delightful impression or an
otherwise perfect evening.
So you and Helen Spaulding and Mac
Weldon have been doing New York? The
girls told me they were going to look you
up as soon as they arrived. I was not
surprised that the officers on the Oregon
gave Mac a luncheon, nor that you all en
joyed it so much. The naval officers,
singly and collectively, have always been
devoted to Mac Weldon. There is a story
that bobs up from the briny deep to the
effect that she reciprocates singly, and
that the lucky officer— but I think it's all
a fish story.
Mr. and Mrs. George Crocker and the
Rutherford girls are back in town. They
do not know just how long they will re
main. I called on them and the girls
took me through their beautiful private
car, the "Emilita." We returned just in
time for tea, and I had the pleasure of
meeting Mrs. Chllds, who is visiting
them.
Papa and I went for a walk the other
morning and dropped in at a sanitarium
to see Ned Greenway. He was threat
ened with pneumonia and went there to
take an ounce of prevention. We found
him up on the roof garden. I told him
that at a roof garden one expected to be
entertained, so he did a shuffle just to
show that his feet had not lost their
cunning. He really looked rather badly,
just a trifle thinner, for which he is
grateful. He is taking horseback rides
and every other sort of exercise that re
duces avoirdupois.
We talked about the cotillons, and I
shocked papa by saying that the women
only come to show off their clothes, and
the men to get something to eat, for the
suppers at the Greenway affairs are still
things to smack the lips over for days
afterward. I advised Mr. Greenway to
tell the men to try the free lunch coun
ters; they're not so good, of course, but
cheaper. For the men are to be taxed
$20 this season. Think of the number of
free lunches that sum would buy instead
of eating it all at once and nursing an
outraged digestion.
Mr. Greenway promised to take Mabel
under his protecting wing, and see
whether she would prove as unmanage
able as I did. He declared he was going
to give up society. Well, he won't lose
much, but society" will lose its star mem
ber when Ned Greenway says "Farewell. 1
I have given you all the flotsam and
jetsam that has drifted my way, but as
you see there is not a very large haul of
gossip. Lovingly bLoRA McFLIMBET>
Miss Grace L. Williams, daughter of
George R. Williams, the San Francisco at
torney, was married to Dr. Reginald ti.
Allen' of East Oakland on Saturday, Oc
tober 15. The ceremony took place at the
home of the bride's parents, 1466 Tenth av
enue, Oakland. Only the immediate mem
bers of the two families were present.
Rev. George B. Allen, father of the
groom, performed the ceremony. After a
wedding breakfast, the bride and groom
left on a trip to Monterey County. On
their return they will reside temporarily
at the home of the bride's parents, before
moving into their own cottage at XMi
Tenth avenue. (
The marriage of Charles A. Burke and
Miss Julia Toomey was solemnized at the
home of the bride's aunt, Mrs. M. Denehy,
in Belvedere, October IS. The ceremony
was performed by Rev. Father Egan of
San Rafael. .
The First English Lutheran Church of
this city announces a festival entertain
ment for the benent of the funds of the
church, beginning on Monday. October
31, and continuing every evening of that
week The title of the entertainment is,
"An Arcadian Potpourri." The pro
gramme is said to be exceedingly amus
ing and the musical numbers exception
ally line. The names of those represent
ing the various characters comprises, in
addition to the young people of the
church, several well-known and talentea
amateurs. The entertainment will be
given in the- hall of the church on Geary
street, between Gough and Octavla.
« * •
The engagement reception of Miss
Saidee Ly*>a, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
S. Lyzwa of 4U^ Oak street, and Ben
jamin Livingston will take place at the
residence of Mrs. L. J. Livingston, mother
of the groom elect, at 1516 O't'arrell street,
this afternoon from 2 to 5 o'clock.
A farewell party was tendered to Miss
Goldie Zucker of 523 Eddy street on Mon
day evening last, prior to her departure
ft>r New York. Those present were, Miss
Sarah Lubosch, Miss Elsie Cohn, Louis
Hess Miss Bessie Borren, Mr. Walker,
Miss Julia Greenbaum, Mr. and Mrs.
Ancker, Mrs. Borren, Miss Esther Rosen
baum, Mrs. Lubosch, Mrs. Lachman, J.
Goldstein, Mr. and Mrs. Zucker and Har
ry Greenbaum. ,
The Alcazar Theater will tender jf bene
fit to the San Francisco Nursery for
Homeless Children on Monday evening,
October 31. The nursery is a most de
serving charity and the members of the
board of managers; among whom are Mrs.
James Dunn, Mrs. William Hollis, Mrs.
E. F. Preston. Mrs. William Frank and
Mrs. M. H. Hecht, are making strenuous
efforts to make the benefit a success.
Tickets obtainable of any member of the
board. The box office will open October
24 to reserve seats.
* ♦ •
A surprise party was given to Miss
Mamie Hardiman at 710 Brannan street,
on Saturday evening, October 15. The
house was beautifully decorated with
Chinese lanterns and flowering plants.
The music was by McDonald's band as
sisted by Miss Teresa Dennis of San Jose.
Those present were Miss Bina Kelly, Miss
Lillie Dugan, Miss Teresa Dennis, Miss
Kittie Grant, Miss Agnes J. Gilmore, Miss
Nellie Smith, Miss Agnes Tierney, Miss
Norah Crowe, Miss Annie Tierney, Miss
Sadie Smith, Miss Ella Tierney, Miss
Mamie Hardiman. Miss Kelly, Miss
O'Connor, Mrs. John Hardiman, William
Cadogan, C. Schaeffer. J. P. Hanafln, Otto
L. Diercks, Fred Tilton, Joseph Smith,
Frank Walsh, Frank Chattelaine. J. H.
Gilmore Jr., Harry Smith, James McDon
ald, Al Higgins, Tom Hardiman, Andre.w
Snooker, George Huber, Harry M. Hani
fin, Mr. Cook, Mr. Gorman, Mr. Morris
and John Hardiman.
A very pleasant entertainment took
place Thursday evening, October 13, at the
residence of Miss Lena Marcuse. 291S Six
teenth street. The evening was spent in
dancing, singing and games. Those pres
ent were: Misses Lena Marcuse, Millie
Kearny, Gladys Kearny, Edna Haslett,
Lizzie Kelly, Alice McMahon, Lily Buker,
Maud Royal. Carrie Jager, A. Buker, R.
Bruce and Messrs M. Bruce, Bert Delmas,
George Weaver, Byron Nye. Solly Mar
cuse, Edward Baily, William Potts,
George Cox, William Day, H. Jackson,
Louis May, Leland Marcuse and James
Haslett.
H. C. Boyd of this city has just returned
after a three months' visit to Honolulu.
Professor R. A. Lucchesi has issued in
vitations for the first concert of his
manuscript compositions, to take place
on Thursday afternoon, October 27, at
Sherman & Clay Music Hall. He will be
assisted in the programme by Miss Mar
ion Bentley, Pietro Marino, John Josephs,
Charl Heinsen. Frederic S. Gutterson and
Fernando Michelena.
• » *
The marriage of Miss Winifred Gibbons,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. C. P. Gibbons,
to Andrew Walker Turpin will take place
Tuesday evening. November 1, at the resi
dence of the bride's parents, 844 Capp
street.
The confirmation of Isadore Lipman
took place at the Geary-street Temple
Saturday. A reception In honor of the
occasion will be held at his parents' res
idence. 1215 Webster street, this afternoon
from 2 to 5 o'clock.
Miss Lizzie Menser, who has been vis
iting friends and relatives in the south
ern part of the State for the past two
months, has returned. She will receive
on the first Thursday of each month at
her home. 636*£ Haight street.
Mrs. Charles L. Donohoe of Santa Bar
bara is visiting her mother at her hnme
at 1225 Union street.
Dr. Edna R. Field and daughter, who
have been visiting relatives and friends
in the East during the past six weeks,
have returned to their home, 1230 Geary
street.
Mrs. Benjamin H. Lichtensteln and
Miss Mabel Lichtenstein have returned
from abroad and will be at home on the
last Tuesdays at 120S Geary street.
• * *
Captain A. de la Torre Sr. will spend
several months at Wood's Cottage. San
Rafael, for the benefit of his health.
F. W. Dohrmann, accompanied by his
daughter-in-law, Mrs. Will Dohrmann
left Thursday on the steamer China for
a week's stay in Honolulu.
• * *
Yosemite Parlor No. 83, N. D. G. W
will give an entertainment, followed by
a dance, next Wednesday evening, Octo
ber 26.
A new vehicle tire is composed cf ati
inflatable tube on the running surface cf
which is placed a V-shaped shoe of cork
toughened by immersion in a hoared
liquid, composed of alcohol, camphor ar>d
glycerine, the sole protecting the tube
from puncture.
AD VEB-TISEMEtfi S.
S^SjlssSSS^S^^ 88 88 88 88.8888 SS 88 8 .S2SS « S 888888S8S85SS
I 4
[f[/ Murphy Building, -»
Market ail Jones Streets.
" "
. . . IN ...
SILKS
. . . .^isro . . .
STYLISH DRESS GOODS
THIS WEEK!
We respectfully Invite all to call and inspect our great
display of NEW GOODS, which is now to be viewed at Its best,-
and as an extra inducement to an early call we will offer the
following
Special Attractions This Week,
silk DEPARTMENT. •
'J C^ 1000 yards COLORED SATIN, light and medium shades, good
<£«3v value for 50c, will be placed on sale at 25c a yard.
CA r 300 yards COLORED; BROCADED ARMURE SILK, good valus
Jvt or ji ( W ill be placed on sale at 50c a yard.
XC- 500 yards COLORED TAFFETA SILK, medium and dark shades,
vJ«7C good value for 75c, will be placed on sale at soc a yard.
1 VLg. 1200 yards BLACK FIGURED AND BROCADED SATIN, new de-
/ DC signs, good value for $1, will be placed on sale at *5c a yard.
£1 (\(\ 500 yards 24-INCH BLACK SATIN DUCHESSE, fine heavy
O>I.UU quality, good value for $1 50, will be placed on sale at $1 a yard.
COLORED DRESS GOODS.
Ml 150 pieces 36 AND 38 INCH FANCY MIXED DRESS GOODS.
Al IvJi, extra value for 35c a yard, will be placed on special sale at 15c
a yard.
ii OAr B7 pieces 38-INCH DRESS GOODS in covert and figured
Al AUI weaves, former price 40c a yard, on special sale at 20c a yard.
14 OK*h"9 pieces 36-INCH WOOL DRESS GOODS, medium and bright
Al *3l colorings, good value for 50c a yard, will be placed on special
sale at 25c a yard.
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
• i *7K^25 pieces 44-INCH ENGLISH CREPONS in new designs, worth
Al / •3*-' $125, will be placed on special sale at 75c a yard.
(gig Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., /
vf Sari Francisco. /
KING Or THE SLEUTHS.
Continued From Page Seventeen.
landed that Parker, you know! Those
anarchists are the dregs of the earth,
though— the lowest grade to which a
man can came in my opinion, as far as
his preparation for crime is concerned.
You see they're fanatics. They're ab
solutely careless of consequences.
They'd go to the stake, they'd hang,
they'd rot their lives out in jails, they'd
be fired out of a cannon— what do they
care for any kind of death? They've
got a mission. They're sure of that
much, and all the suffering that comes
to them out of fulfilling it Is so much
glory for the cause. You take my word
far it, any kind of a criminal is a bet
ter man than an anarchist!"
'•And the Mollie Maguires? You were
with your father in that fight, weren't
you?"
"Oh, yes," answered Mr. Pinkerton,
indifferently.
"That was a desperate battle!"
"Oh, yes."
"And, as I remember, you wiped out
the whole organization."
"Yes."
"I've forgotten the details."
"Twelve executions. Thirty arrests."
"Oh!"
But the great detective was looking
languidly out of the window. The Mol
lie Maguires fatigued him. I remem
bered the interest he had manifested in
the three thousand banks (with whom
the Pinkertons do business), the Jewel
ers' Protective Association and the nice
intricacies of his pet case. He spoke
up promptly to my thought.
"That was pretty rough work in tho&e
days," he said. "The work we are en
gaged in now is of course of quite an
other sort. It takes more brains and
less muscle, although we have some
good hard fights to fight, too."
"I suppose you are always prepared?"
"Prepared?"
"Armed."
"I never carry a gun. I don't allow
our men to carry weapons either. It
would hurt us considerably. It look?
amateurish ,and undignified. Tf we
know that we have a fight on with des
perate criminals we prepare for it.
Otherwise we take chances."
"And of course you are never recog
nized?"
•What?"
"Why, you have all sorts of disguises,
don't you?"
"Oh, that is all child's play. We
dress inconspicuously with regard to
the class of people we're going among,
that is all."
"But you are so well known, person
ally, Mr. Pinkerton."
"I? I rarely leave the office myself,"
replied Mr. Pinkerton, gently reproving.
"Ah, of course!" I said, looking at the
big emerald.
"All those old ideas have about
passed away," he resumed thought
fully, "and— it seems an odd thing to
say — but there's a great difference,
too, In the methods of crime. Modern
/#/ F Murphy Bulldinar. J
Market and Jones Streets.
By Alice Rix.
crime is more brain work and less des
perate risk. We can afford to change
our methods— in fact, we must change
them— to keep up with it. Instead of
cracking a safe now the bank robber
puts on a pair of rubber soled shoes
and walks right in behind a cashier and
lifts a tray of twenties in broad day
light. And if he's an experienced hand
he can do it more than once in the same
bank.
"We caught one bank sneak who had
been operating successfully all over
the country, by getting the banks to
display dummies with gilded wood
twenties. These sneaks get everything
down fine to make no noise. They
know the average weight of a bank
tray, and their hands are trained to
lift it quick. When this sneak picked
up the dummy the lightness of it gave
him a surprise. He missed his guard and
was caught standing and shaking.
Even that was what we counted on.
Modern thieving is a very neat busi
ness. Here was one of our big New
York brokers sitting at his desk, with
an open box holding about $16,000 worth
of securities on the top of it. and a
friend sittin~ talking with him, and the
broker reaches up after the securities
and says: 'My God! where's that box
of securities!' And his friend says.
'Why! one of your clerks just stepped
In from the other office and took the
box out with him.' And that was a
game that some office sneak had work
ed all through Chicago, St. Louis and
St. Paul.
"We landed him on that job. You
may notice that you don't hear so much
nowadays about counterfeit bills. That
is, the old style. Your modern counter
feiter is an artist. He takes the real
bill and paints it over. We were after
a trio of confidence workers who had
one of the rummest games I ever heard
of. There were two men and a girl.
One of the men was an artist counter
feiter, and he'd paint a two-dollar bill
over into a twenty so neat that nobody
could see the trick through a magnify
ing glass. Then the other man and the
girl would get married. They'd pay the
minister with the br.-gus twenty and get
from fifteen to seventeen fifty in change.
They were married in every town they,
came to, and they'd been nearly all
over America when we netted them. I
could tell y>u a hundred cases just to
show you how times have changed
since " Mr. Pinkerton paused and
looked at the portrait on the wall,
"since I worked," hesaid. "with father."
There was the keen eye — the eye that
never slept.
"What would he have thought of it?"
I asked.
"Father?" said Mr. William A. Pin
kerton of the famous Pinkerton De
tective Agency, of the Jewelers' Pro
tective Association, of the Jewelers'
Security Alliance, of the American
Bankers' Union. "Why! nothing ever
really surprised father."WELL-BRED women make a
distinction in their dress
according to their occupa
tion, a grown that is in
tended for a carriage being
quite different in character
from that worn when the wearer goes
I 'tuple who own carriages and
those who do not should make a decided
difference in their choice of a wardrobe.
A woman who is footing her way through
the world cannot consistently wear the
trailing robes and rich materials that are
tly appropriate for one who spends
her afternoons in the protected cushioned
recesses of her own establishment.
Therein the habitues of Rood society show
themselves quite different from those
who are not "to the manner born."
A woman who wears gaudy silks and
velvets on the streets and in pubiic con
veyaxices clearly indicates to the people
whom she fain would Imitate, that she is
genuine."
If your life lines are cast in this work
aday world you should gown yourself
lingly. This does not mean that a
woman who is earning her own living
.>k painfully plainly dressed. To
intrary it is her duty to herself and
in her sex t" be gowned comfortably and
bly. The gown that would ..
was long a vexatious ami
ttled question among "b;:
women." Then the Gordian knot was
cut. and cut it must be confessed, by a
man.
The tailor-made gown is the solution of
the knotty problem.
By a tailor-made gown I do not mean
an attempt at that garment by a dress
maker. Party Crocks, wedding dr
or any one 01 the many other fetching
s belong to the domain of the good
• ssmaker.
Many home dressmakers can make
charmingly pretty bouse dresses and
evening gowns, but the home dressmaker
simply cannot make a tailor-made gown
that will iook as i; ought to luck.
A tailor-made gown Is designed for oc
casions when compactness, perfect tit
and finish, and special suitability to hard
weiir, not picturesqueness, are demanded.
This requires not only skill, but the pe
culiar skill of a tailor of ability.
Therefore give your orders to compe
tent tailors if you can afford to employ
them. Jf you cannot, then buy your
tailor-made gowns ready made.
There are women who pride themselves
on their ability t<> do anything from mak
ing a sofa out of a I causing the
social world to stand still. Granted: but
they cannot make a tailor-made dress
that will be absolutely faultless in lit and
finish.
Custom tailor gowns are far in ad
vance of ready-made work, but even the
low priced ready-made tailor dresses are
<-ut by tailors and finished by tailoresses,
and have an entirely different stamp from
the home-made or average dressmaker
made frock.
For your tailor gowns, then, either go
to a good tailor or buy them ready made.
shun a tailor frock that shows the
feminine touch, as a man would shun
'•coats like mother used to make."
Whether you have your gown lined
throughout with silk should depend on
your purse. Certainly the silk-lined gowns
have an air that is lacking when any
other material is substituted for the lin
ing:. But the best quality of silk will not
stand hard usage. It is necessary to go
to the expense of frequently relining your
gown. For a limited Income it is wiser
to have the gown lined with the finest
quality of farmers satin or sirk serge.
This lining always looks fresh and will
wear as long as the gown itself lasts and
is economical.
When selecting your tailor garment do
not chose anything ultra-fashionable. Re
membt r that you intend it for constant
u=e and that anything that is ultra-novel
soon grows tiresome,
pal new designs are shown in the
jackets of the new tailor modes.
One that is likely to be popular is mod
f;• d very much like a man's cutaWay
The skirt of the coat is either
seamed on or shows no hip seams. The
style showing no waist line seam is better
adapted to figures which desire to look
:er than they really are. T....S
jacket looks smartest with a masculine
waistcoat of the suit material or of dif
ferent fabric or color.
ther new Btyle jacket is also cut in
severely simple lines, but is seamed down
the front and buttons on the side. It
looks very smart when made by a tailor
who knows his business.
There is still another new style desigrned
for those who still fef-1 that a tailor gown
must more nearly approach the elabora
tion of other dresses. It is made in the
new overlay effect and is elaborately
trimmed in braid and fur.
For practical purposes I would not ad
COMBINATION OF CLOTH AND CHECKED
VELVET,
Showing the Latest Button Effect.
.\ ■' '. ... ' -. _ . ' ■"--'. ■ ■ ' . ' •-.■,■-_..".:■• . . . ■ - . ■ . -
vise any of these new styles. The regu
lation tailor-made gown cut according to
the latest model will be far more satis
factory. The cut of the Jacket enables
the wearer to use it as a separate gar
ment with other skirts, and there is plen
ty of room underneath for the silk or cot
ton shirt waist.
Unfortunately for comfort, the long
skirt appears inclined to stay even in
tailor garments. And a short skirt even
when fitted with consummate art, cer
tainly lacks style. If you must do a great
deal of walking the long skirt is simply
impossible. It is decidedly wise to have
two skirts made to the one jacket. One
skirt cut long and the other short enough
to walk conveniently without raising the
skirt.
In the end the two skirts will prove
economical.
With tailor-made gowns fashionable wo
men are wearing street shoes cut on
men's lasts, made of precisely the same
Style leather, but of lighter weight.
The style of tie or neckwear that is worn
with a tailor gown plays an important
part in making or marring the general
effect. The broad silk scarfs in gay col
ors, tied in the Ascot under th^e chin and
extending to the belt, are as popular as
ever. Those displayed in the shops are
very expensive, but they can be made
by purchasing striped silk by the yard.
The edges can be fringed by pulling out
the threads at the end, as if for hem
stitching, until the desired length of
fringe Is obtained.
If all the accessories are correct, one
may always feel properly dressed in the
tailor gown— that is, for 'street and prac
tical use. Even women who go shopping
in their carriages never wear anything but
a tailor-made gown, unless they intend
to go calling after shopping.
To sum it all up, wear a correctly made
tailor gown at the correct time and place.
Do not ruin its simple line by tacking
on frou-frou effects.
Learn to appreciate the use of a tailor
gown and to shun its abuse.
LATEST
IN FEATHERS.
THE variety In feathers this season
is quite unprecedented. Their great
feature is that the majority of
them are trimmed. We used to
consider that a feather in itself
was beautiful enough, but now even os
trich plumes are tipped with contrasting
spots of chenille, and these make very
pretty ruches for the neck. The feathery
gourras is blended with quills, one side
of the quill being replaced by it, often
with specks of other feathers attached.
This is new enough, but not so new as
the introduction of a beautiful real but
terfly on to bustard quills; some of them
are large brown, finely marked butter
flies, in contrast to the quills and the
gourras illumes they accompany. Osprey
breast feathers are also blended with
butterflies, metallic-tinted plumage of ev
ery kind, as well as shaded feathers,
have been laid under contribution by the
milliner, and fan shaped plumes have
fashioned to stand erect behind
quills, which as often as not down their
center rib have a ruche of added feath
ers, very fluffy and curly. The guinea
fowl has not only been elevated to a pin
nacle of fashion in its natural gray col
ors, but it has been dyed in the new
ruby, green and bright orange tones: in
deed, yellow figures largely in the feath
ers of the moment. Large birds, with
four wings instead of two, and dyed any
color required, have found great" accept
ance with fashion's caterers. These are
to be had in heliotrope mingled with
green, or in red and green, or in blue and
green, for greens of every hue have been
adapted to plumes, as well as more bril
liant magenta. The impeyan feathers bor
der many of the wings, while others are
indebted to paillettes for some of their
beauty.
Indeed, looking round at the supply of
quills, wings and feather ornaments of all
kinds, it is apparent that the force of in
vention can no further go. A sort of chine
effect in colors surrounds some of the
blue feathers, and some of the quills are
of different tints on either side. Short
quills have been mounted into large
sheafs of green, yellow, white or brown,
and paradise plumes are mingled with os
prey. The French jay. with its beautiful
light and dark blue tint, has simply been
utilized as it is. The Mercury wings are
sure to be employed in every light, as
well as dark tone, judging from the enor
mous variety in which they are to be had,
many of them spotted with chenille.
The spotted Tetra. which is, in fact,
TWO-PIECE TAILOR SUIT.
English mixed suiting in brown
shades, suitable also for cheviots,
serges, coverts, zibelines.Venetians,
eravanettes, etc.
the capercailzie, figures in hats and bon
nets, and every pheasant wing that haa
been shot for sport and food has been
utilized for millinery, the brown plumage
being enlivened by the introduction of
bright green, red or blue here and there.
We have returned In our allegiance to
bright colors, not one of which has been
ignored in feathers and all of them as
beautiful as taste may dictate. Judging
from the display, feathers are taking the
place of flowers, and no good whatever has
been done by the crusade against cruelty
to the feathered bipeds which has been
waged so long; and more is the pity.
All the autumn and winter boas will be
in fashion; feather ones whenever it is
possible, and the innovation in these is
that three colors are introduced In one
example— white, yellow and blue; white,
mauve and black mingle together. Other
ruffles are made of ostrich tips, spotted
with chenille; this studding of chenille
Introduced on to feathers is making a
great change in the modes. Ruffs or soft
kilted silk are well worn, too, and in
pretty much every color, but in Paris
black and white have the preference, and
next to this comes gray tipped with white.
Black with tiny white spots is also worn.
Fichus are in most constant demand.
These are made of lisse, bordered with
Valenciennes, the most fashionable being
white Valenciennes, with the pattern out
lined in black. Some of them are made
in the finest chiffon, bordered with ruf
fled lace, in which acorns are introduced
Into the design, the edges bordered with
tasseling. Detached collars of all kinds
ar- 1 made in silk and cotton. They gen
erally take the form of a sailor collar
at the back, and reverse in front, bor
dered with frilling, united by narrow
beading and white embroidery.
There are others made in white muslin,
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, STJS DAY, OCTOBER 23, 189 S.
rather of the yoke form, pointed back and
front, edged with an insertion bordered
with lace. Quite new are collars and
cuffs made In thick jacketnet, and hori
zontally tucked all over, to replace linen.
Mildew may be removed by simply
making a soft paste of equal parts of
chalk and common soap. Wet the
stained goods and place in the sun un
til the spot disappears.
GARTERS AND
SUSPENDERS
fpV MONG elastic suspenders that I
// \\ have seen in the Paris shops is one
It A^overed with white gathered taf
° ribbon. It is fastened to the
corset, and is tied to the stockings by
ends of white taffetas ribbon, tixed by a
bow.
Another Is a model of a round garter,
composed of a broad pink taffetas ribbon,
gathered and ridged, with a double gath
ered heading on each side, the uppermost
being the plainest and narrowest. The
gather is ornamented with four ends of
unequal length, of the same" ribbon, held
by a square straps bucKle, and edged with
a frill of pink taffetas. The longer ends
are ornamented with designs embroid
ered in black silk in featherstitch.
Beside it is a garter of sky blue satin,
made on elastic, like the preceding. The
upper side is ornamented with a narrow
heading of ribbon to match, the lower side
with a flounce of Hfrht pattern lace, at
tached in the center with a large bow.
Still another is a suspender of red ribbon
gathered over elastic with a narrow fes
tooned heading on each side. The ribbons
that attach the stockings are held by a
sliding buckle, through which the ends
can be tied if desired.
A dainty combination is a suspender of
pearl gray taffetas, gathered over elastic,
with a heading on each side, the lower
part of which is ornamented with a bow
of black velvet, composed of four loops.
At the bottom is a clip, which is closed by
the tension of the elastic when the stock
ing is attached.
More striking is a round garter of black
taffetas, ornamented on the upper side
with half circles of gold, inlaid with prec
ious stones. This is ornamented with
three rows of different lengths of black
taffetas.
Another choice is a suspender of serise
satin ribbon, wider than the others. At
the bottom is a large bow, composed of
six loops, fastened to a metal arrange
ment, which attaches itself to the top of
the stocking and keeps it very tight.
Still another is a garter of mauve and
white shot taffetas, gathered over elastic,
three centimeters wide, with a small gath
ered heading on each side. This garter
narrows in front and is held by a Btrass
buckle, in which are four loops," composed
of mauve and white shot taffetas ribbon.
The Schwarz farm, in Greenfield,
Mass., is seldom seen or heard of now
except by a few curious people who go
out of curiosity to see the house built
by the Rev. Louis Schwarz, now living
in Brookline at an advanced aj?e. The
buildings are almost entirely out of
sight, except from a point on the road
from Montague city to Turners Falls.
STUNNING TAILOR GOWN.
The dress is of black broadcloth
with pipings of moire Persian lamb
bordering: an openwork pattern cut
otit and edged with black soutache
number 3. Under the openwork
everywhere is white broadcloth,
loose from the outside, braided in
black and gold, showing through
the opening in the black.
Food as an Aid to Beauty.
This department is for the benefit if all those who are interested in the science of cosmetics and the hy
giene of proper living. If any one desires information on either of these subjects their questions will be cheer
fully answered in these columns. Write as often as you like, ask as many question* as you plea: c and sign any
name that you choose. Address all communica:ions to l_me. Hyg-eia, The Sunday Call, Ran Francsico.
HOW and what shall I eat to ac
quire a fine complexion?" is one
of the questions that comes to
me on the wings of the mail.
Proper food, together with
daily baths and exercise are as
essential when one starts out to improve
the complexion as are the necessary col
ors upon the pallette of an artist when he
essays to paint a beautiful portrait. In
deed, so long as one puts into one's
stomach the sort of food that many do, a
perfect skin is as utterly ouj of the ques
tion as it is, to make straight hair natu
rally curly. The stomach resents bad
treatment, and when food is sent into it,
such as no self-respecting stomach could
accept, and be cheerful over, it at once
revenges itself by putting forth signals
of abuse in the shape of pimples, black
heads, shinny cerise noses and all sorts
of unsightly facial blemishes. So treat
your stomach well, if you wish it to treat
you well. •*
For simple home fare the beauty-seek
er must not depend on any strict line of
diet. Variety is the essential for all
higher forms of life and intellect. Neither
can any absolute law be laid down- which
will apply to everybody, for what is one
man's meat is literally another man's
poison, different temperaments requiring
different treatment.
Dally habits which are regulated by
proper digestion are as necessary to -a.
good complexion as air, sunlight, water
and exercise. For when certain functions
become inactive, the pores become clog
ged, the skin yellow and mottled and the
eyes lose their luster and the erstwhile
flower-like beauty has lost its perfect
ness, and is a mere drooping, withered
semblance* of its former self.
External preparations for clearing the
The farm Hes between a hill and the
river. The rtev. Mr. Schwarz must be
a man of interest. .ig personality, judg
ing from the house he built and from
the anecdotes of him that are current.
The farm was deeded to Mr. Schwarz
in January, 1858, by William Keith. Mr.
Schwarz seems to have been largely
imbued with antiauarian instincts, for
when the John Hancock mansion in
Boston fell a victim to the iconoclas
tic spirit of the age and was disman
tled, he secured a part of it and took
it to Greenfield and added it to his
house. From an architectural point of
view the addition is not a success. It
impresses the visitor as having been
fired as a projectile at the house and
set up where it happened to strike,
rather than having been a part of the
original design. The columns of the
veranda, the front door, the front win
dows, which are slightly convex with
circular tops, are all taken from John
Hancock's house. The interior of one
room, which is now designated as hav
ing been the chapel, is finished entirely
CLOTH GOWN WiTH FOLDS AND CIRCULAR FLOUNCES.
with panel work brought from Boston.
Springfield (Mass.) Republican.
For ink spots on linen, lemon and
salt acts equally as well as the poison
ous "Saltß of Liemon." Hub salt, well
moistened with lemon juice, on the
stains and place in the sun until they
die out. It may be i .^cessary to apply
more than once, but the result Is sure.
If the Ink must be removed in dull
weather stretch the spotted article tight
as a drum over a cup of boiling' water,
rub on the salt and lemon thoroughly.
By Mme. Hygeia.
complexion will be of no avail so long as
the internal economy is neglected.
The duty of food Is two-fold. It should
supply heat to the body and replace the
tissues that are continually destroyed
by labor and exercise.
Therefore there are two kinds of food—
that which is heat producing and that
which is nutritious. Carbon and hydro
gen furnish the fuel to keep the fires
of life burning, and all kinds of meat,
bread, cakes and sweetmeats— in fact
everything which can be made out of
sugar, fat and flour, contain these ele
ments in large amounts. Fruit and veg
etables are almost wholly lacking in
them. Therefore the diet should be
changed with the seasons.
In summer less heat-producing food
should be taken. Eat things that ar>j
cooling instead of heating to the blood,
such as fruits and vegetables. Fresh rip.?
fruit reduces the temperature, improves
the digestion and tones up the system
generally, and as a beauty food has no
equal.
In winter a larger supply of starchy
and oily matters is needed. Meat con
tains llbrine, bread gluten, both of which
elements are necessary for the renewal
of destroyed tissues. Casein is found in
milk and cheese, also in beans, peas and
other vegetables, while eggs give us al
bumen, which is also found in' the soft
parts of vegetables, particularly in the
turnip. These substances are essentially
the same and are all necessary to restore
tissue aid support life.
Doughy food, such as heavy bread, un
derdone pastry and rich cake, can be di
gested only by the most hardy, and if
persisted »in are almost certain to cause
impaired digestion.
There is quite as much in the cooking
as in the food itself, and intelligence is
required in compounding nutritive foods
out of crude ingredients. The average
I cook does not possess this intelligence. A
then dip in r nd out of the boiling water.
Repeat until the ink disappears.
In using lemons, tomatoes or oranges
as shells for the serving of jellies,
salads or fish mayonnaise they should
be thoroughly chilled. This is best ac
complished by putting them In the Ice
cream freezer.
TO CLEAN
WHITE VEILS.
A BLACK or colored veil cannot be
successfully cleaned. Unless a
black veil is a very expensive one
the dye is apt to smudge the face.
Especially is this true in summer, when
the face perspires freely. "White veils are
cooler looking and more -becoming, but
they soil easily and are, therefore, con-
sldered nn expensive luxury. But they
can be cleaned to look as fresh as when
new. When purchasing your veil select
a chiffon or silk tissue net.
When it mils- put it Into alcohol and al
lo%y it in soak Coir tiv<- minutes. Do not
rub it, us that destroys the fineness of
the nush.
If the first alcohol gets very black it is
bfsi to put the veil in fresh alcohol for a
few seconds. Take the veil out and gen
tly shake It, the air quickly evaporating
the alcohol. Your veil will look as good
a? new. The alcohol can be saved and
usi ] several times, thus lessening the ex
pense.
recent medical writer gave the follow
ing as his definition of a plain cook: "A
person of either sex who brings fire and
meat and vegetables together and lets
them fight It out among themselves for
a dinner; the next bout being in the
stomach of the unfortunate partaker of
the repast, and the next, perhaps, with
the doctor as bottle-holder.
Fried foods that are sent to the table
swimming In grease will suon show their
destroying effects upon the complexion,
and ice cream soda water, that delight of
the summer girl, is utterly ruinous in its
effects, creating sad havoc in otherwise
well ordered stomachs.
As an hygiene bill of fare for the day
I would suggest a breakfast consisting of
fruit, a saucer of wheat, rice or hominy,
which has been steamed for hours and
served with rich cream, rolls or toast and
fresh butter, and, if one must have some
thing substantial, egKs cooked in any way
save fried, and a delicately broiled chop
or bit of steak. To this may be added
a glass of milk or, if preferred, a cup
of not very strong coffee or tea.
For lunch, croquettes of any sort of
meat, cold meat, or some savory stew
will be found palatable and healthful; a
light salad, tea with lemon, bread sliced
very thin and buttered, fresh fruit in
season; and, out of season, cooked fruit,
and cake which has been made with the
proper proportions of butter, spice and
eggs.
Dinner, which should be the principal
meal of the day, should begin with a soup
to prepare the stomach For what is to
follow. A roast of beef, game or poultry,
cooked until tender and nutritious, pota
toes, mashed or stewed in cream, some
deliciously prepared vegetable, followed,
if desired*, by a dish of Italian spaghetti
and tomato sauce with grated cheese,
and afterward a salad of lettuce, celery,
chicory or cresses, dreeeed with oil, and,
for dessert, rice pudding, corn starch.
custard, farina or fruit, cooked or raw.
If dessert is not cared for, the dinner
can be finished with crackers, Brie or
other cheese and a small cup of black
coffee.
Bread should always be twenty-four
hours old. Masticate your food thor
oughly and do not drink a quantity of
water with meals. This should be drunk
between meals and at least a quart of
it a day.
Many foods are considered medicinal.
Among these are spinach and dandelion,
both of which have a direct influence
upon kidney troubles, tomatoes which
contain vegetable calomel and stimulate
the secretions of the liver, celery which
is recommended as a nerve tonic, and as
paragus, which is a blood purifier.
y\r\sWers to Correspondents.
F. N. P.— Here is a formula for cold
cream that I think you will find delight
ful for general use: One-half ounce each
of white wax and spermaceti, four ounces
oil of sweet almonds and two ounces of
orange flower water. Melt all together
very gently and pour into cups to cool.
"When cool pour off the water. Remelt
and pour into jars to keep. Use the cam
els hair face scrubbing brush with tepid
water and castile soap on the black
heads, also put a little bit of powdered
borax on a bit of lime and rub it lightly
over the nose. An occasional glass of
lemonade Is sometimes useful in correct
ing derangements of the system that
have a tendency to tinge or spot the skin,
but I would not advise you to take it as
often as you suggest, as it thins and
cools the blood and is very apt to prove
debilitating. To massage around the
eyes, place the middle finger of each
hand in the middle of the nose between
the eyebrows, bring them down under the
eyes, across the temples and around
over the eyebrows to the starting point.
Continue in this way for some time. Use
a cold cream when massaging and do not
stretch the skin. This is as near as I
can explain in print. Full directions for
facial massage were given in the beauty
talk of September 4, but really the best
way to learn is to go to a good masseuse,
take one treatment, notice how she does
It and then go and do likewise. An occa
sional steaming of the face Is beneficial
rather than otherwise, unless there are
coarse pores. I can tell you nothing that
will make black hair blacker, unless you
use a dye, and this I never recommend.
Massaging the cheeks and neck well with
cold cream or some skin food will in
crease their firmness.
MRS. C— The diagram referred to was
one that was sent me by a correspondent,
Illustrating the method she had used in
massaging, and asking if it was the prop
er one. There is nothing better in the
way of a skin food than the following:
Spermaceti, one-half ounce; white wax,
one-half ounce; sweet almond oil, one
ounci-; lanoli'.ie, one ounce; cocoanut oil,
one ounce; tincture of benzoin, ten drops;
orange flower water, one ounce. The
alum wash is to be used directly after
massaging, and is only to be used in case
of flabbiness of the skin. I would not
advise its being used for any length of
time after the condition has been reme
died, as it will then be no longer nece.s-
Bary. You can, if you like, smear a very
little bit of cold cream on the face before
powdering, but I prefer rosewater. It
will make the powder stick just the same
and is not at all greasy.
E. J.— There is nothing that will restore
gray hair to its natural color but a dye.
A. good hair tonic is what you need. Here
is one that I feel sure will help you:
Eau de cologne, eight ounces; tincture
cantharides, one ounce; oil of English
lavender, one-half dram; oil of rose
mary, one-half dram. Rub into the
roots upon retiring. I consider a wire
brush altogether too harsh to use upon
the hair. I do not care for face bleaches
and have never experimented with the
formula which you sent me. For that
purpose, however, the ingredients are all
right, and I have no doubt it is a very
excellent formula.
LITTLE ROSIE— The information you
ask I prefer not to print in the paper. If
you will send me a stamped addressed en
velope I will give you the name of an acid
that will accomplish what you desire.
I'NE ANGLAISE— Do let me know how
you are getting along, and if the reme
dies suggested were satisfactory. lam
so interested in my newspaper corre
spondents that I like to hear from them
the results of my suggestions. They can
not write to me too often.
LUCILLE L.— Try massaging the hol
low places with equal quantities of cocoa
butter, lanoline and cocoanut oil melted
together. Watch the beauty talks and
you will soon find one about breathing
exercises. The following oatmeal lotion
is a splendid skin clearer and beautifier:
Two tablespoonfuls fine oatmeal, boil and
strain; when cold add one desertspoonful
of wine (white Rhine preferred), and the
Juice of one lemon. Wash the face in
THREIE-PIECE TAILOR SUIT.
Model in military blue cloth, coat
lined with satin de chine in same
color, -with white and black striped
sleeve lining.
this every night, not wiping it away.
A tonic made of equal parts of cocoanut
oil and vaseline will make the eyelashes
grow, but you must not let it get into
the eyes, as it will smart and inflame
them. I gave directions to Blonde in
last Sunday's Call how to gain flesh. No
doubt your friend saw it. For your bil
ious friend I would surest that she eat
plenty of fruit, particularly oranges and
grapes; take a hot lemonade nightly
while the biliousness lasts, and drink
neither tea nor coffee.
J. C. G.— Your first letter was answered
in the Sunday Call of October 9. I hope
you saw it.
B. J. B. — For the smallpox pits I would
advise you to start in upon a systematic
routine of massage, going around and
around over the surface of the face with
the fingers well smeared with the skin
food formula, which is given in reply
to Mrs. C. Then, sometime during the
day, apply this lotion: Alcohol, 12 drams;
tincture benzoin, t drams; liquid storax,
2 drams. Put ten drops of the mixture
In half a glass of water, and with thia
sponge the scars, allowing it to dry on
the face. For the falling hair use the
hair tonic suggested to E. J.. unless your
hair is very oily, in which case something
else would' be better. Touch the center
of the wart lightly one a day with a
lunar caustic pencil. It will turn black
and gradually disappear. Great care
must be taken not to touch with the pen
cil the surrounding skin, else a stain and
scar may result. Here is a good tooth
powder: Carbonated magnesia (pow
dered), 6 parts; orris root. 2 parts; pure
powdered soap, one-half part.
F. B. BUDD— Excessive perspiration Is
with many people a constitutional trou
ble, although it may in no way Interfere
with the general health. Sometimes,
however, it is caused by extreme nerv
ousness and debility, in which case it
will probably prove to be very weaken
ing and may require medical treatment
Avoid hot baths and take a dally tepid
sponge bath. If you -will take three parts
of rice powder and mix one p;irt of finely
powdered orris root with it you will find
It very nice for excessive perspiration.
Apply It freely with a flannel cloth. Do
not allow yourself to become excited.
MARGARET— You are right. The diet
has much to do with facial blemishes.
However, it is not so much the quantity
one eats as the quality. Avoid all greasy
rich foods, and eat plenty of fruit. Above
all. keep the body scrupulously clean by
taking a daily tepid sponge bath and a
warm tub bath once or twice a week.
Then each night scrub the face well with
a camel's hair face scrubbing brush,
tepid water and castile soap, after which
a good cold cream should be thoroughly
rubbed into the skin. A little piece of
powdered borax put on a piece of linen
and rubbed lightly Into the skin will
also help. Je regrette, ma chere mign
onne de n'avoir pu repondre plustot a
votre lettre, mais il a fallu qu'elle at
tende son tour comme lea autres.
Recrivez moi.
ALMA T.— There is no local applica
tion that I know of that will positively
remove the congested little blood vessels.
Very often they will scatter and disap
pear of themselves. Sometimes applica
tions of witchhazel will help to disperse
them. I am sorry I cannot give yuu
greater comfort than this. I do not
think it at all likely that any one will
ascribe the condition of your face to the
cause you mention, so do not let that
trouble you.
F. S. C— l should not change tho
temperature of the wat^r in which I
rinse my face if I were you. Wash it in
tepid water and rinse it in tepid water.
I would not advise any one to take ar
senic, unless prescribed by a physician.
TOQUES ARE
COMING
PARIS, Oct. 9.— Autumn is here, lue
hats proclaim it.
A decided little autumn note has crept
into hats and bonnets this week. The
fluffy white picture hats are giving place
to somber smaller hats whose chiefest
charm is chic.
Most of the smartest of the new hats
are toq«es shaped especially to perch
comfortably on the top of the pronounced
"pompadour," and there Is a decided pref
erence for the toque that tilts directly up
at the front.
Flowers and feathers are being replaced
by wings and birds. Not the tiny birds
that have been so much in vogue, but pig
eons and still larger sea birds with wings
all distended.
Often on one of these dark straw toques
just a single bag bird with outstretched
wings constitutes the trimming.
Another important feature of this fall's
hats is the graceful Louis XVI bow of
■wired velvet or ribbon that adorns so
many of the smarter toques. It has a
careless, / graceful, "just-happened-so"
look, and it seems as though the slightest
fall breeze would disarrange the clever
arrangement of loops. Touch this bow,
though, and you are convinced v.at it is
as solid as the little gold brooch that it
has been modeled from, so securely is it
wired.
An attractive, unconventional little
straw toque is made of rough green
straw. The brim Is rolling and turned up
directly at the front and back, allowing
the sides to dip. An arrangement of
chestnut burrs and leaves literally covers
the crown. On the front of the brim and
a trifle to the left side is a Louis XVI
bow of black velvet drawn through a
hoop of strass.
Perched on the top of a puffy, fluffy, up
to-date coiffure, the curve of this toque
is exceedingly graceful.
A dressier little toque designed for a
visiting toilet is made of spangled pale
gray mousseline de soie,- draped full. At
the front there are thre* immense wings
in a striking shade of burned orange,
tipped with black. Two of them are
brought back flat at the sides so that
they rest on the hair and the middle wing
m.iiints the toque. At the front there is
a tiny ruche of narrow velvet ribbon that
is scarcely visible.
A simple, girlish affair is made of plait
ed gilt braid and narrow mauve velvet
ribbon. It is fashioned in tne form of a
square Tarn o' Shanter, that turns di
rectly up at the front. There it is
trimmed with n tall bow of wide old gold
satin ribbon drawn through a square
buckle of amethysts.
Novices in the art of cleaning gloves
at home must keep in mind that gaso
line, and not benzine, renders kid as
soft as new, and the giovea should not
be washed on th~ hand, but Immersed
and rubbed between the hands as if
using water. A quart of this fluid may
be bought at a paint store for five cents
and half a pint will clean a pair of
gloves or more, this to be divided into
two parts, one for washing and the
other for rinsing. Great care must be
used when handling these inflammable
materials. Although hanging in the
open air doe.-, not do away with the un
pleasant odor it m-st never be neg
lected, as evaporation takes place and
renders goods harmle~~ which other
wise would ignite readily or in some
cases mi lit be actually explosive.
TAILOR COSTUML WITH CUTAWAY COAT.
2728
Painters and Illustrators Likewise Agree That She Is Superior in This Respect to the Maids of Other Nations.
THE 'Paris Figaro recently paid
a high tribute to the American
type uf beauty, and asked if it
is not a estined to be the model
of the future Venus, adding
that many Paris artists claim It to be,
in some particulars, the must perfect
known.
This statement from the Figaro was
shown to a number of distinguished
American artists whose experience has
specially fitted them to express an
opinion on the comparative merits of
American and foreign models. These
artists add to the Figaro's their own
tribute to the high attributes of the
American model, and explain to what
her superiority is due.
A. B. Wenzel, who, in addition to
mary American figure subjects, has
made numerous illustrations of foreign
life, among them a scene on the drive
way. Unte den Linden, Berlin, which
has had much "ogue, said tuat the
American model is "superb right
through."
"The ..nes of the American model's
figure," h-e added, "are more indicative
FRATERNAL NEWS.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
Oriental Rebekah Lodge will give a
Halloween party in Prospect Hall, I. O.
0. F. building, on Wednesday evening
next, for which a fine programme has
been arranged.
Mission Rebekah Lodge has arranged
for an entertainment on the night of Sat
urday next.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge will give an inter
esting Halloween party in Welcome Hall,
1. O. O. F. building, on the night "f Mon
day, the 31st inst. Games peculiar to
this day will be in order as well as danc
ing-
D. Hutchinson has been appointea su
perintendent of the Odd Fellows' Hall,
vice F. W. Jeagher, who has gone to Bal
timore, Md.
Miss AVinnie Gibbons, the amiable fin
ancial secretary of Loyal Lodge, will, in
November, become the bride of A. W.
Turpin. a prominent member of the order
of Odd Fellows.
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN.
On the 14th Inst. Bay View Lodge con
ferred the degrees upon a class of nine
candidates. After routine business, ad
<!;■■ Bses, songs and cigars, there was an
adjournment to a fair in an adjoining
hall, and a pleasant evening was spent.
Through the efforts of Special Deputy
John Van Alen, this lodge has in the past
month admitted twenty young members
and the membership is' now 106.
Solano Lodge gave a very enjoyable en
tertainment in its lodge room at Port
Costa on the 22d inst. Grand Master
Workman George H. Bahrs was present
and delivered an instructive address.
Deputy Grand Master Workman E. Dan
forth visited the lodges at Paso Robles,
San Luis Obispo, Hueneme, Santa Bar
bara, Ventura and Santa Paula. At each
place he was greeted by an enthusiastic
meeting and instructed each lodge in the
work. After spending a few days in the
vicinity of Los Angeles, he will return
by way of Visalia, Bakersfleld and Fresno.
Ex-Grand Recorder L. S. Hirshberg
proposes to pay this city a visit before the
first of the coming month.
A new lodge of the order, with a pros
pective membership of at least seventy
five to commence with, is in prospect to
be located on Polk street, just north' of
Sutter. Assurances have been given that
the membership of this lodge will soon
reach at least 150. Permission has been
asked of the various subordinate lodges
or this city for their consent to the or
ganization of the same.
DEGREE OF HONOR.
Ivy Lodge has arranged f-. r a necktie
and apron social on November 2. Mrs
Alberta Littlefield hns been elected cap
tain of the drill team of this lodge vice
Mrs. K. M. Poland, who tendered her
resignation, being unable to devote the
time and attention to the duties of the
office.
Miss Florence L. Kaye, recorder of Vlo
lei Lodge. Santa Cruz, paid a visit last
Wednesday to Ivy Lodge and was much
interested In the drill team.
Olive Branch Lodge of Los Gatos cele
1 rriu-d its first anniversary last Wednes
day by a poverty social.
Several members of El Dorado Lodge
have filed applications for beneficiary
certificates.
NATIVE SONS.
The funeral services over the remains
of the late Dr. McLaughlin, one of the
founders of Mission parlor and a past
president thereof, also at one time grand
lecturer of the order, were held last Mon
day by Past Grand Presidents Henry G.
Gepford, John A. Steinbach, Grand Sec
retary Henry Lunstedt, President S. J.
Theisen of Mipslon Parlor and Merten C.
Allen, in the presence of a large number
of the memuers of the order.
Louis Leland, past president of Callfor
of good breeding than those of foreign
models. They are more symmetrical
and also cleaner in the joints, with a
good suggestion of underlying muscle.
It is especially to be noted that the
American figure does not run to heavy
ankles and bulky feet — another indica
tion of refinement.
"Too much cannot be said for the
face, or rather for the face I
which form the crowning glory of the
American girl's physical make-up. The
faces of American '.'.omen carry out to
a remarkable extent the suggestion of
combined grace and Independence in
dicated by the figure. Refinement is
cuupled with a breezy 'get there' ex
sion, which, like the figure, con
veys the impression of grace and buoy
ancy coupled with dignity and self-re
liance. Add to this beauty of figure
and feature an intelligence which
upon the slightest suggestion from the
artist regarding the pose and you will
readily unc rstand why the American
model i.s the. finest in the world."
Edwin H. Blashfield. who in his
figure canvases and in his large mural
decorations has found it necessary to
employ a large number of models, said
that the American models were super
ior because "the choice here is much
greater than in any foreign country.
nia Parlor for a number of years, a resi
dent of Mexico, will shortly return to
this city.
Rincon Parlor has arranged for a smoker
to be given in Shasta Mall of the Native
Sons' building on next Wednesday night.
A fine prograrnrin.- has been arranged.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
The members of Buena Ventura Parlor
of Ventura have inaugurated a "Salma
gundi tournament," to last for six meet
ings. The parlor has formed two sides,
and the side that during the period of tne
tournament shall gain the greatest num
: points will be entertained at a ban
quet to be furnished by the losers. At
the first of the series Mrs. Maude Mellen,
Miss Bonnestel, Miss Shepherd and Mar
garet McOonigle were the committee that
superintended the games, and the event
proved a very enjoyable one.
The members of Buena Vista Parlor
have under way a novelty entertainment
which it is thought will eclipse anything
that this very active parlor has yet given
to pleas< its man}- friends. A number of
the members wno were so successful in
the recent lady minstrel entertainment
have organized themselves into tne "In
fluential Order of Chocolate Bonbons."
Each member will represent a special
bonbon, and the entertainment will be of.
the vaudeville order, it will be srtven in
the large hall of the Native Sons' build
ing at a date to be hereafter fixed.
Alia Parlor No. 3 will give a Halloween
party in Shasta Hall. Native Sons' build
ing, next Saturday night.
Ramona Parlor will celebrate its anni
versary on December 10 by an entertain
ment and party to be given in aid of the
relief board.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
Court Sutro Heights at its last held
meeting adopted ten of the twelve reso
lutions introduced at the previous meet
ing by George J. Strong, two of the num
ber having been recalled by the mover.
These will bring about retrenchment with
out affecting tha court or the member
ship, and are intended to be in force dur
ing lb'Sd only, unless it should appear that
the course is an advantageous one to pur
sue. One of the retrenchments applies to
high ami low jinks, which will be done
away with, and in lieu thereof there will
be social gatherings, to which wives, rela
tives and friends can be invited. There
will not be any payment of sick '->enefits
for a fraction or a week. The junior
beadle, organist and treasurer volunteered
their services for the year if retained in
their respective olilctfs.
Court Ferrucio last Tuesday celebrated
the fourth anniversary of Its institution.
The court was organized October IS, 1894,
with eighteen members, and now it has
147 members. When the gavel fell to call
the court to order last Tuesday there were
(in addition to many visitors) just eight
een members. Many more came in later.
Coconino Forest is the name of the new
court instituted by Deputy Orfllla at
Williams, Ariz., on the 13th inst. It has
fifty-one charter members, and the chief
ranger is J. H. Burton and the secretary
B. F. Sweetwood.
COMPANIONS OF THE F. of A.
Sotoyome Circle of Healdsburg, which
was recently on the verge of collapse, has
taken on a new lease of life and at its
last held meeting initiated five candi
dates and received seven applications.
Live Oak Circle, at its meeting on Wed
nesday night, appointed a committee of
seven to make arrangements for a guess
ing party to be given on the night of No
vember 26.
Palo Alto Circle had, on last Wednes
day night as usual, a large attendance
and a pleasnnt meeting was had. many
of the members being Instructed in parlia
mentary law during the session, as there
were many points discussed which called
for ruling that only one well versed in
THE SAIS T FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOREB 23, 1898.
M IDE-^L ARTISTS' "MODEL."
Pans Figaro's Tribute to American Girls.
"Better women models are' found here
than anywhere else, because all nations
are contributing to our population. I
do nut mean that we find combined In
one type the characteristics of Beveral
of the nations which go to make up
our population, for a real type Is su
perior to a mixed one. I do mean, how
ever, that we have here types of all
countries— English, French, Irish, Ger
man, Scandinavian— each with the
highest chan. i of the race. For the
foreigners who come here almost im
mediately im x rove their condition.
They get better food and lead an easier
life; and, as a result, the beet physical
points of their race are developed and
emphasized. This is especially the case
in their children who are born and
grow up here.
"As to ideal measurements? There
may be such, but 1 have never in
quired into them — and I doubt if other
artists have. Poets don't use rhyming
dictionaries, and artists don't use
measurements. An artist wants to do
a thing that looks well on canvas."
Irving G. Wiles said the American
model was superior to the professional
foreign model, because she usually
came from a better position in life.
"The foreign model," said Mr. Wiles,
"usually belongs to the lowest classes.
the law could grasp and act upon with
fairness. This circle, organized seven
months ago with twenty-seven members,
has in that time increased its roll of mem
bership to 76.
Loreiy Circle gave an at home in the
Social Hall of the Alcazar last Wednes
day night, and had a pleasant time, as a
good programme of dances was presented.
Rob!:; Hood Circle will, at its next meet-
Ing, give the first of a series of entertain
mf-ms by the married ladies of the or
ganization and they .are confident that
they will equal those that were recently
given by the unmarried ladies, and one
of the committee was hopeful that they
would do better. I'uring the evening it
was decided that the Executive Council
be asked permission to confer the degree
of honorary member on "The Modest
Member of Inter Nos," for assistance "to
Robin Hood Circle.
NATIONAL UNION.
California Council, at its meeting last
Tuesday night had a good attendance to
witness the intiation of three candidates.
The committee that will act with a like
committee from Golden Gate Council in
regard to arranging a smoker by the two
councils on the last Tuesday in Novem
ber reported that the prospects are that
the affair will be one of the most en
joyable of the kind that has ever been
prepared by the order in this city.
THE AMERICAN GUILD.
From the arrangements that have been
made it appears that Tomales Chapter
No. 531 will have a grand entertair.nnnt
and ball on the night of Thanksgiving
day. The committee has assurance of
guests from all parts of the surrounding
country, and there will be presented a
splendid programme prior to the dance.
E. J. Brown, the Chinese impersonator;
Louis Huffschmidt, the Dutch comedian,
and others who recently appeared before
the San Francisco Chapter will appear
to please the people of Marin County.
The San Francisco Chapter will have
several candidates for initiation at its
meeting on Wednesday next.
During the past six weeks twenty-six
chapters of the guild have been instituted
in various parts of the country, which is
a remarkable showing in so short a space
of time.
THE JUNIORS.
An invitation has been extended to the
membership of the councils of the Junior
Order of American Mechanics located in
San Francisco to attend the smoker to ue
given by George A. Custer Council on
Tuesday evening next. Each member will
be permitted to bring a friend. There
..in h,> f , literary and musical programme,
then a banquet.
.... uiiuioersnlp of Lincoln Council has
under consideration a proposition to send
to members of the order who are volun
teers at Manila a Christmas box tilled
with good things for the holidays.
At the last held meeting of Lincoln
Council there was a spirited discussion on
the proposed amendments to the constitu
tion of that body.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Consumnes Tribe of Sacramento on last
Thursday celebrated its thirtieth anni
versary by a banquet in the Malson
Faure. Great Chief of Records Burgman
was present by special invitation.
Mnloc Tribe, at its last held meeting,
adopted two pale faces and was treated
to a graphic account of the doings of the
Great Council of the United States by the
great chief of records, C. F. Burgrnali.
During the evening the tribe was visited
by Sotoyome Tribe in a body.
Last Saturday night a mixed team from !
this city, in company of the great sachem i
and the great chief of records, visited i
Crockett, where they instituted a new
tribe, the team conferring the degrees.
DEGREE OF POCAHONTAS.
The Daughters of Montezuma, of the
Degree of Pocahontas, I. O. K. M., has
arranged a first-class entertainment for
its friends to be given In the assembly
hall of the Red Men's building on Post
street next Tuesday evening. The pro
gramme is to be followed by a dance.
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
Toe several lodges of the Frienda of tne
From Gerome's Slave Market.
Her people, as a rule, are very poor,
Bhe has been badly cared for and poor
ly rtourished. These conditions have
naturally affected the figure injuriously.
She earns little by posing, as compared
with the American model, and, as she
cannot spend as much on herself her
appearance is not as attractive. She is
usually lacking in the air of good
i:.«iing, which is a characteristic ot
the American model.
"The latter is, as a rule, conspicuous
for her shapely extremities— ankles,
feet, wrists, hands and fingers. This
characteristic is an indication of re
finement and of high racial traits. In
fact, the American racial type both in
men and women Is higher than any
foreign type."
W. T. Srnedley, who, as an illustra
tor, ha? had wide experience in draw
ing from models, agreed with Mr
Wiles that the superiority of the Amer
ican model was due to the fact that a
better class of women posed for artists
here than abroad.
"The fact that models are treated
with respect in our studios," said Mr
Smedley, "induces a better class of
girls to pose. Many girls prefer posing
to working in stores, because it is more
remunerative, a model earning $3 a
day, which is as much as some girls
SaWn^ nBVen BYe during the past week *>"«»
SI thP P^ Sr K SS ft the matter of lncreas
ing ihe membership
h^Jvm Lod ,' ? « save an autumn party
tif*. mv y nl s& ln Old Masonic Hall at
the Mission. There was a good pro-
Rnimme. a large audience to enjoy it. and
after th<- entertainment there was a pro
gramme of dances.
ANCIENT ORDER FORESTERS.
During the past week. High Chief Ran
ger Boehm visited the court at Amador.
found a lively and agreeable membership
and was treated to a banquet. He then
went to the court at Sutter Creek, where
there was a good meeting, and four can
didates were initiated. This court will
before the close of the month, organize
a circle of the Companions of the Forest.
can earn in a week by working in a
store.
•-Many highly respectable girls who,
through financial straits of their
parents or for other causes, are obliged
to support themselves, but who do not
care to do so in a public or semi-pub
lic way — by going on the stage or at
tending behind the counter — offer them
selves as models. This type of girl has
had a better bringing up than the pro
fessional foreign model, has taken bet
ter < are of herself and is in every way
superior. A girl like that may pose
fur only three or four artists and yet
be able to earn a fair livelihood."
Mr. Van Schaick is peculiarly com
petent to speak of the comparative
merits of American and foreign models.
He was a pupil of Gerome in Paris and
afterward traveled extensively in Eu
rope. Both abroad and since his return
he has executed many figure drawings
and paintings.
"When I returned to New York,"
said Mr. Van Schaick, "and models be
gan applying at my studio they were
so superior in manner, bearing and
dress to those to whom I had become
accustomed abroad that I at first mis
took them for visitors. Abroad an ar
tist knows on the instant whether he
has opened his door to a visitor or to
Last Thursday night he paid a visit to
Court German-American in this city.
C ourt San Mateo announces a smoker
for the 21st of next month, and San Joa
quin will give one on the 16th. Court
Triumph will hold an open meeting on
the 10th of November. At each of these
events the high chief ranKer will be pres
ent. Since the 14th of last May the high
chief ranger has visited fifty-one courts.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
Ivoyal Circle at its meeting last Monday
received four propositions. The commit
tee on the umbrella party that is to be
given on Saturday night next presented
a very favorable report.
Supreme Grand Chief Companion Mrs.
Beversen, the supreme grand rignt and
left guides, treasurer and secretary paid
THE NEW STATUE: EGYPT AWAKENING, by ELWELL
a model. For the latter are either flash
ily dressed or have the manners of the
lower classes.
"The high quality of the American
model lies in her general aspect — her
fine proportions, her striking carriage,
her grace of movement. We are a
democratic nation. let the American
girl is the most aristocratic woman in
the world.
"She is a finer type of model because
she is brought up in better surround
ings. Her education is superior to that
of the foreign model. Hence her mind
is finer and the body responds to the
mind.
"I don't want to be understood as
denying that one does not sometimes
find exquisite models abroad. I re
member while I was studying with
Gerome that he came into the class
one day and asked us to come into his
studio to see a model, whom he con
sidered one of the most perfectly
formed women who had ever posed for
him.
'He was at that time painting a pic
ture, which is now considered one of
his finest works — the "Slave Market,'
and, when we entered his studio we
saw the beautiful girl who forms the
central point of interest in that picture.
"But, as a rule, the French figure is
an official visit to Ivanhoe Circle Wednes
day night. The night previous the su
preme grand chief, left guide nnd secre
tary paid a visit to Golden Circle.
Last Friday night Olympia Circle was
visited by the supreme grand officers.
Franklin Circle haa made arrangements
for a party to be given in a short time.
CHOSEN FRIENDS.
Samaritan Circle celebrated its eight
eenth anniversary by a party in Hews
Hall last week. There were present:
Grand Secretary Wallis, Grand Treasurer
Miss Clara McDonald, Grand Prelate Mrs.
Sweeney, Past Supreme Councilor Arnold
and Past Grand Councilor Sanborn and
quite a number of the friends of the mem
bers. There was presented a good pro
gramme of entertainment, which included
Striking Symbolic Work by an American Sculptor Which Now Adorns a Paris Salon.
EGYPT AWAKENING," by Francis Edwin Elwell, is the only piece of
sculpture by an American artist that has been purchased from the
Salon by a Frenchman who was not acting on behalf of his govern
ment. M. Gabriel Goupillat was so struck by the character of this
idealistic piece of work that he procured it for the adornment of his
residence in the Avenue de Jena, Paris.
In this statue we have a portrayal of the three periods of Egyptian art
under the three great races that have successfully dominated the land of
the Pharoahs, and in each case rescued it from barbarism and decay. The
lower portion of the work is cold and archaic in treatment, typifying the
past in the arts of Rameses and his dynasty. The torso is classically
Greek, showing the influence of the Ptolemies upon the arts of their pred
ecessors, and the upper portion displays all the beauty of modern realism,
at the same time conveying the impression of the awakening of the sub
ject from the centuries of Moslem oppression to all that, by the light of
modern civilization, is beautiful. This is accentuated by the lotus, the
symbol of peace, which Egypt offers to the world.
It may well be said that nothing so powerful in conception and show-
Ing such virility has been produced since Buonarotti's "Moses."
Francis EdWyin Elwell is a type of the artist of the heroic school. "He
comes of Welsh, or Cymric, stock, and his family has for generations played
a noble role in the history of this country. His great-grandfather, Ephraim
Farrar, took part on the patriotic side in the battle of Concord, one of the
early engagements of the Revolutionary War. One of his grand-uncles, an
other Farrar, served in the war of 1812. Another grand-uncle saw service
in the Mexican war of 1846-48, while several members of his family enlisted
on the Federal side in 1861, and served during the whole period of the
civil war.
Elwell himself holds an honorable discharge from the Massachusetts
militia, having served six years in that organization. More recently he
Joined the ranks of the Engineer Corps as a volunteer, and it was not his
fault that he did not see service.
addresses fancy dancing, music and reci
tations, those contributing being: C. M.
Arnold, Professor Dasse, Mr. Nelson, Mr.
West, A. B. Sanborn, Miss Nelson and
Miss Delia Sholz.
Golden Gate Council will receive a visit
from the Progressive Councils next Fri
day night, and there will be a jjrand en
tertainment.
Grand Councilor Boehm has during the
present term paid official visits to seven
ty-five councils.
Angel Council, the new one at Los An
geles, is reported as doing well and taking
new members.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
The board of managers will give an en
tertainment and ball in Pioneer Hall on
November 4. Fraternal Council will give
one on the 27th Inst, and Yorke Council
will give one In Union Square Hall on
the 26th inst. *_*«.-«,
Santa Cruz Council has appointed T. U .
Kelly J. J. Doaan, J. Heenen, G. S. Tait.
C. J Gillen, E. A. Cook, J T Stanton,
J. J. Roney. E. A Alzma, J. M \V alsh
H Kinslev, T. J. Leonard, J. D. lalt. J.
i Nolan and Ro/ert Hamill a committee]
to take the preliminary steps to arrange
for the meeting of the next Grand Coun
cil In this city next year and to devise
ways to entertain the delegates, •
The lecture bureau has J. J. O Toole.
president, and H. Kugelberg, vice-presi- j
The grand directors will be called to
| getner again not later than next January,
not so good as the American. The lat
ter type is more refined. Our models
suggest in their bearing a higher order
of girls.
American artists have, in fact, a
wide choice of charming models. One
frequently finds models who pose to
support themselves while studying art
or music, or while they are going
through college. Such models are apt
to be girls of esthetic taste and ar
tistic temperament and show a stimu
lating interest in our work.
"Models of this class soon learn to
appreciate that modesty is a moral
quality and has nothing to do with
petticoats. As a matter of fact, models
who pose in a thoroughly artistic spirit
are the most modest of girls. I hay*
never seer: one after she had finished
posing- and had dressed herself even
tie her shoe laces without retiring be
hind the screen. And nothing shocks
models more than to see other women
in evening dress. They cannot under
stand how women can display per
sonal charms for the mere sake ot
fashion or of presenting a pleasing
appearance."
There are more blind people among the
Spaniards than any other European Pace.
Two persons die of starvation In t^tmacm
every week.
and in the meantime the finance commit
tee will attend to all matters requiring
immediate attention.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE.
The entertainment that is to be given
by Young Ladies' Institute No. 7 in Pio
neer Hall on the evening- of next Friday
promises to be one of the most enjoyable
that this subordinate body has ever given.
A SNOW PARTY.
The G. C. E. Club will give an enter
tainment and snow party in Union-square
Hnll on next Monday evening. The dec
orations will be in imitation of icicles
pendent from the ceiling, the lady mem
bers of the club will be attired in white
and they will have a grand march, each
lady carrying a white silken banner.
i There will be a musical and literary pro
! gramme. _______
THE ROYAL ARCANUM.
Argonaut Council is still in the field and
doing well, having initiations at every
meeting and increasing its membership.
it has organized a degree team of five,
which now confers the degrees, doing the
work to perfection.
Golden West Council is also making an
increase in membership. f
LADIES OF THE MACCABEES.
Mrs Eva Bates, lady commander of
Phebe Hearst Hive, will shortly leave
this city for Honolulu to be absent about
three months.
California Hive at Its last held meeting
increased its membership by the Initia
tion of two candidates.
SAN FRANCISCO CAMP.
San Franciscd- Camp No. 437, Woodmen
of the World, will give another of its
pleasant entertainments at an open meet
ing to be held In the Masonic Temple on
Mission street, near Twenty-second, on '
the night of the 2Sth inst.
In - China a man ; may wear the same
garments for a lifetime without oeing out
of style; so little does the fashion change.
The largest mule in the world was bred
in Missouri, Is 19 hands 21.»2 l .» Inches high, ,
and weighs IS3O pounds, He is to be seat
to a London menagerie.ire s Ssi.S 5 i . I San Francisco, Cal., Estab. 1 887
jti^^K jgV Lo* Angeles, Cal. , Estob. 1 894
m BgyL A 4 %\ Kansa* City, Mo;, Estab. 1 897
WALTER MORPHEUM CO., Proprietors.
WEEK COMMENCINa MONDAY. OCTOBER 24. _ -
Greatest Aggregation of Vaudeville Talent Ever Presented on One Bill 1
THE SHINING LIGHTS OF FARCE COMEDY
JOHN C. RICE and SALLY COHEN
The Great Character Comedian and the OWe Sonbrette in Their Up-to-Date Comedy, ■ . _ .
"OTJR, HONEYMOON^
ROSSOW MIDGETS
Thete Mo»t Wonderful Little People in Teats of Strength and a 3-ROUND BPARBINO MATCH; Alio
CHARLIE ROSSOU/
In his own specialties, Including his moat laughable imitations of Anna Held. Master Rossow
In the smallest female impersonator, extant. ; .
Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Milton Royle company
In Their Artistic Prewntation of "CAPTAIN IMPUDENCE."
LOUIS M. OR AN AT BARRY AND FELIX
The Champion Unique Whistler. \ Amerioa'i Beit Comedy Dno.
Last Week of the Celebrated Society Caricaturist
....MISS MARY NORMAN....
Miss Mormtn's Artietio Work Has Been the Talk of the City. NSW CARICATURES THIS WEEK.
K,A.Y BTJK,TO2ST I THE ' BIOGRAPH
Equilibria and Rifle Expert. I ... y -1 New Series of View».
MATINEE TO-DAY (Sunday), Oct. 23d. ■-^digJS^gav'SS*...''*'
ALCAZAR THEATER.
THIS (SUNDAY) NIGHT
&mb "THE WIFE."
to-morr6w====
NIGHT T
, DAVID BELASCOS BEAUTIFUL DRAMA
■ MAY
s==BLOSSOM
i% Same Prices Always —
t 15c, 25c, 35c, sOc.
PHONE, MAIN 2M.
" Next— N. C. GOODWIN'S AMBITION.
THE Chutes loosed a bunch of
amateur vaudeville players on
the stage of its free theater (re
served seats 10 cents extra) late
last Thursday night. The audi
ence of 2000 that gathered to take
a hand and a hoot at them would have
done credit to a dog fight. These peo
ple were not there to encourage bud
ding genius, but to get fun out of its
misadventures, and they got it. If the
performers didn't share in the fun, at
least they went to their fate with their
eyes open in answer to an advertise
ment for "amateur vaudeville talent"
which the Chutes management ran last
week. But do to animals what that
crowd did to these human beings (and
the female impersonator) who made
their first appearance on any stage, and
the S. P. C. A. will send you to jail.
Honest eggs and vegetables would have
been bouquets compared to the catcalls,
dog-yelps, goat-shakes, boot-thunder,
whistles and ironical applause- that
greeted the aspirants for vaudeville
fame. Some of them took the uproar
as a serious compliment, and these
were the saddest cases of all. It was like
making fun of cripples. On the whole the
game was not at all sportsmanlike,
but it was, I must admit, so funny that
the best person there laughed down his
principles and baited a little on his own
account.
The first sacrifice was a young
woman with all her best clothes on and
a little bow in the forelock who wanted
to sing about "Birdie." The fateful
name dropped from her lips in the third
measure; then the crowd took her, and
her sad, sweet voice was heard no
more. There she stood, opening and
shutting her mouth, shaking the little
bow in her forelock, and at regular in
tervals her little hand would seek her
heart; but not a sound was heard nor a
funeral note above the gladness of the
throng. "Birdie's" story was never told.
And they couldn't coax her back. It
was what followed her that needed no
urging— a mustached soprano in black
diagonal and ladies' shoes with a but
ton off here and there— at least he
walked that way; and the small boys
spotted him in two steps. Jhey shout
ed, "Clara, oh, Clara!" and Clara
smiled affectionately, patted his shirt
front, cleared his throat and trebled
over a "poor girl's heart that was
breaking, breaking, breaking." The
house was perfectly delighted with his
staying powers. It not only sang with
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krel Ing. Proprietor and Manager.
THIS EVENING.
LAST TIME- LAST TIME
Of the Merry Operatic Fantasie,
"THE
CIRCUS QUEEN!"
NEXT WEEK.
Regal Revival of Lecocq'» Masterpiece,
"GIROFLE-GIROFLA !"
Popular Price* 26 and 60 Cents.
N. B.— A Reserved Seat for the Matinee. 25c.
Our Telephone— Bush 9. J
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1898.
him, "Breaking, breaking, breaking,"
merely pausing now and then to hear
if he still lived, but it had him out over
and over agrain in other things until
the management nabbed him between
pieces and turned on a stout, confident
girl in salmon colored tulle and lob
ster colored stockings. This girl had
been taking notes in the wings, and she
came out determined on quelling the
crowd. She was the first on the bill to
smile; it was a smile she couldn't stop,
painted in bright red paint hard and
fast. But her eyes shot sparks over it.
The nature of her debut was a song
and dance, but I think she was intend
ed for heavier employment. She exe
cuted like a submarine diver with his
deep sea clothes on. Every time the
lobster legs left the stage the audience
howled them down, and up again. The
owner of them did not have Clara's
confiding nature; she was not that sort
of a girl; she knew she was being
guyed and she was mad about it, but
she was down for a song and dance and
she was going to do it, if it killed the
crowd. She even made herself heard
once or twice and took her own time
getting off to make place for a solemn
young gentleman, very blonde and re
spectable, almost ecclesiastical, whose
specialty was whistling. A wild burst
from the reception committee of 2000
frightened him out of his whistle. His
lip would not stay puckered. He stood
rig-id, with one hand inserted in his
coat and the other clenched behind
him, trying, trying. But the whistle
never came. You know there are times
when it is impossible to whistle. One
of these, I should say, is when a thou
sand or so of small boys and strong
men are doing it for you. "Change
hands, then you'll be all right," yelled
one of the teasers; and the pale-haired
youth brought both fists to the front
and retired in a triumph of applause.
Then a plump little girl upholstered in
yellow with black satin relief went
through the motions of an extremely
sentimental ballad, and a long, narrow,
dangerous looking person in a canton
flannel ulster and a Mission street tur
ban twirled two swords, Indian club
fashion, and fought a battle with him
self while the house whistled the
"muscle dance" and I fled.
It was on the way out that I met
Phil Hastings, who includes the Chutes
among the various enterprises that he
pressworks, and asked him where all
BALDWINJHEATER.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY in
"LOVE IN HARNESS."
BEGINNING TO-MORROW,
. Seven Nights and Saturday Matinee,
FRAWLEY COMPANY
And BLANCHE BATES.
Superb Revival of E. E. ROSE'S Great Ro-
mantic Drama, THE
PRISONER
OF ZENDA.
A STRONG CAST.
PERFECT SCENIC
EMBELLISHMENT.
PRICES— 2Sc, 60c, 76c and $1.
October 31— Last Week of Frawley Season—
"THE TRANSIT OF LEO."
MOROSCO'S GRANDS
V A.LTKB. Morosco, Sole Lessee aud Maaage&
WEEK OF OCTOBER 24, 1898.
GRAND REVIVAL !
ELABORATE PRODUCTION OF THE EVER
POPULAR SENSATIONAL DRAMA
STREETS OF
NEW YORK
A Star Cast! A Powerful Play! A Great Fire
Scene! A Gorgeous Scenic Display!
POPULAR PRICES "Telephone Green 861.
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . lOc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
AN UNPARALLELED
VAUDEVILLE BILL
IN THE FREE THEATER!
LILLIAN F. SMITH, Champion Rifte Shot
of the World, with her SISTEK and FATHER;
McRRIDE and .TAMES, the Celtic Kings;
CECIL MARION, Soprano; KELLY and VIO-
LETTE, Society Sketch Artists; MASON and
I.IXSLKY, Triple Horizontal Bar Perform-
ers, and EUSAPIA, Political Transformation
Dancer.
10c, including Zoo and Theater; Children, oc;
Sundays and Holidays, 10c, i
these victims came from. lam fairly
well acquainted with the ways and
means of the common or garden va
riety of would-be actor, but the vari
ety-struck person is new to me. I al
ways had" an idea that variety people
just grew, as Topsy did, or else were
forcibly graduated from the legitimate
stage. In the good old days in this
town it used to be a custom of variety
houses of questionable character to
give an amateur night every week or
two; but the results were nothing like
as real as those I saw at the Chutes;
liquid or solid inducements were us
ually held out to the victims, and if
the amateurs were not numerous
enough to go around the "purfesh"
disguised itself and filled out the bill,
Just as in the country circus the
clown's confederate helps him out with
the difficult jackass when no one else
offers. There was no questioning the
amateurishness of the collection at the
Chutes. People don't work that way
when they are paid for it. So I asked
Mr. Hastings where he gathered them,
and he told me about the advertise
ment, and showed me a hundred and
more letters from people who had read
it. Some of these letters were too good
to return, so I smuggled them away for
possible publication. Think of steal
ing a story from a press agent! One
letter was written on a half sheet of
grocer's paper with carefully ruled lead
pencil lines. It read:
I am a good tenor singer of strong
appearances and have sang out a great
deal In public and society. I have just
finished a course of six months' com
plete acting at the Alcazar Theater and
am anxious to make my mark in the
profession. Salary is no object for the
present. I am 25 years of age and of a
very 'fine family, and can furnish best
of references as to my character and
ability.
An applicant from the Mission was
hardly less humorous, although in a
different vein:
Gentlemen: I noticed your ad, and
as I am quite in the actor business,
thought I would answer. I do mono
logue in Dutch work, way up to date
and can hold stage twelve minutes
without the use of grappling irons. I
have a telephone act that is a lallapa
loosa, and would be pleased to hear
from you. I have appeared before the
crowned heads of Europe and the
deadheads of Oakland.
Mary writes on a postal card that
she has "a fine, strong voice for colored
or white work and can dance with mate
if necessary." She asks to be answered
by letter only as her folks might ob
ject.
A youth at present engaged in
delivering Western Union messages
writes "Whom It May Concern" on a
telegraph blank that he is one of the
talented amateurs advertised for; that
he has "cultivated hard feet and can
walk barefooted on swords, saws or
broken glass and can take on! comic
Dutchman, studied from life, and the
tramp, and have also a partner."
Kathleen of Clementina street uses
note paper with colored picture of
bunch of pansies with snowstorm back
ground on the first page. Here is her
perfectly straightforward communica
tion:
I don't know exactly what style of
acting I do, but 1 can do a little of
most anything in that rine. I am 16
years old and have sang and danced in
AMUSEMENTS.
TONIGHT.
Beginning Monday, Second and Last Week—
The Real Funny Boys,
MA THE WS
AND...
BULGER.
Under the Direction of DUNNE and RYLEY,
In the Ragr Time Opera,
BY THE SAD
SEA WAVES
With All the Original Specialties, Including
Company of 30; also Nellie Hawthorne
and Josie de Witt.
October 31— "SOWING THE WIND."
comedyj;heater.
MATINEE TO DAY— Souvenirs for AH!
25c to all parts. Gallery 15c
TO-NIGHT— CHARMING, LOVELY
CUrtRA THROF"F»
In the Operatic Farce Comedy Success,
"WHERE'S MATILDA!"
PRETTY GIRLS. CATCHY MUBIC.
BRIGHT AND CLEVER SPECIALTIES.
TO-MORROW (MONDAY) NIGHT
MiSS CLARA THROff
—FIRST TIME—
"THE LITTLE HUSSAR!"
EVENING PRICES 16c, 2Cc, 35c and 50c.
Seats— Comedy Theater and 7H Market st.
Next— THE HENDERSON COMPANY.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
NEXT MONDAY AND FRIDAY EVENINGS
AND WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON,
THREE MORE,
THE HEINRICH RECITALS.
MR. and MRS. MAX HEINRICH and MISS
JULIA HEINRICH,
Interpreters of the Classics in Song.
PRICES — 75c and SI. Seats now on sale at
Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
"SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
NEXT THURSDAY EVENING AND SATUR-
DAY AFTERNOON.
Two Entertainments Given by
PEARL LADD,
California's Youngest and Most Talented
Piunlst and Dramatic Reader.
RESERVED SEATS, 75c.
On sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s on and
ifter Wednesday. ,
BAITING
THE VAUDEVILLE AMATEUR
OUT AT THE CHUTES.
numberous entertainments and I think
I would suit.
I withhold the full names and ad
dresses, which are part of the letters,
because they were written in answer
to a legitimate advertisement and not
intended for publication and because I
would not like to think of these young
artists falling into the hands of un
scrupulous managers. A Thursday
night at the Chutes is all the experi
ence that n%ost of them will need.
The BaldWirv
The Frawley company will present Ed
ward E. Rose's clever adaptation of "The
Prisoner of Zenda" to-night and through
out the week at the Baldwin. The story
and excellent quality of the play are fa
miliar to nearly every one nowadays. It
remains to be said only that Mr. Fraw
ey will dare the difficulties of the triple
heroic role, Miss Bates appear as^Tlavia,
Lucille La Verne as Antoinette de Mau
ban, Theodore Roberts as _>lack Michael
and Frank Mathieu as Rupert of Hent
zau, and that Fanchion Campbell, Eleanor
Carey, John T. Burke, Robert G. Wilson.
Arthur Hickman, Joseph P. Keefe and
Louis Payne are comprised in the cast.
Jhe Golumbia.
Mathews and Bulger have another week
at the Columbia in "By the Sad Sea
Waves," a farce comedy that, while in
no sense as good as the first one brought
here by these clever comedians, has sev
eral catchy episodes— especially the old
specialty act of the stars and the sen
sationally good rag-time piano playing of
Ned Weyburn. The next attraction is a
traveling company in "Sowing the Wind,"
a strong drama of Sydney Grundy's that
was Introduced here some five years ago
by Henry Miller.
Jhe Galifomia.
The California will reopen again to
night at cheap prices with William Cald
er's company .in "The Span of Life," a
sensational melodrama that takes its title
from a scene of the play wherein modern
humanity copies its remotest ancestors
by building a living bridge. The company
is said to be quite capable of giving the
full sensation of the play. .
The /Ucazar.
A Bela&co play that will be almost new
to many and quite new to some is "May
Blossom," which will be given this week
at the Alcazar. It tells the story of a
woman and two men. The accepted lover
is taken prisoner in time of war; the
rival lies about the absent and marries
the girl. The prisoner is released two
years later tn find his fiancee a wife and
mother. Six years af^ter that everything
is settled in the old sweet way. The full
strength of the Alcazar company will be
shown in the cast. The management an
nounces that the "Cyrano" scenery is now
being painted for the production at this
theater.
J^eW Gomedvj.
The new week at the Comedy Theater
will be devoted to "The Little Hussar," a
musical piece written for Miss Clara
Thropp, and one in which she is said to
have scored. The complications hover
around a musician and his opera. He
takes it and his young lady pupils to a
military camp, the last train for home Is
missed and there is a comically embar
rassing time all round. Henderson's com
pany comes to the Comedy next week.
j^orosco's.
Morosco offers a revival of the "Streets
of New York" to. his patrons next week.
The play is old, and has been seen many
times since its birth over forty years
ago, but, as the press agent says, we de
cry it when upon fame's bright scroll
aro inscribed the names of those who
long ago trod the boards as the Puffys
and Badgers and Bloodgoods of the pa
thetic old drama. All the Morosco stars
are In the cast and a special scenic dis
play is promised.
jKe TiVoli.
The Tivoll will revive this week the
most popular of all of Lecocq's comic
operas, "Glroffe-Girofla," with a new
book especially prepared by Cheever
Goodwin, the author of "Wang. The
title roles will be sung alternately by
Anna LJchter and Elvia Crox. Jean Clara
Walters, especially engaged for the part
of Aurore, will make her operatic debut;
Edwin Stevens wll be the father of the
twins; William Pruette the Mourzouk.
and Annie Myers the maid. "Suzette,"
Oscar Well's charming comic opera, for-
CALIFORNIATHEATER
/■'■■ ONE WEEK, BEGINNING
TO-NIGHT.
William Calder's Eastern Company, in Sutton
Vane's Realistic Play,
THE SPAN
OF LIFE.
A Scenic Revelation. in Four Acts and Ten
... •.■ •- .■ Scenes. ■ ■ • ■"-*■-
PRICES: See...
isc The
9c Great
SSo' -' Human
_}-- x . Bridge!
THE WONDERFUL LIGHTHOUSE SO INK.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
October 30— "HOGAN'S ALLEY."
OLYMPIA, co"?I23- y
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
ONLY FREE THEATER PLAYING EAST-
ERN STARS. ■ ;-..
DIRECT FROM NEW YORK ■ .
The Four Florences!
World's Greatest Acrobats.
COTTON AND MOLL,
. Great Triple Bar Artists., .. 
F. F. FREDRICHS,
' ~i: Celebrated ■. Lyric Tenor. -
=i The 'Great Eastern Favorite.
MISS IRENE FRANKLIN,
New 1 Songs' and • Impersonations. -■:■
MADELINE and Others,
MATINEE :' SUNDAY.* ' ADMISSION '■-: FREE.
IN6LESIBE COURSING; PARK.
TO-DAY! TO-DAY!
A GREAT EVENT!
AN OPEN STAKE!
December b and PUPPY and ' OPEN
STAKES. - •. i
i. October 29 and 30— A Sapling . and an , Open
Ktake
;• Entrance fee, to each stake will; be 2 60.' ;
To reach the Ingleslde Coursing Park take a
Mission-street L car . and ; it will land ; you : at t th»
gates. .Vi'r.rr.'.V 1 '?'■■'■ :'"■■ -■''' i-' ''•■-.- ■■/^"-^ '■■■■\ .-"■■■■■,' '-' ■"-■-■ ? :
: ADMISSION, 25 CENTS. : LADIES FREE. , -
:■•!...,,-. ...... .....,* - ■.»..-■•-.-•■-.■.'»■■::■•. ••--•'j-' ■•■?■ .":■:■•.-■
BY ASHTON STEVENS.
merly played by the Bostonians, will fol
low.
Jhe Orpheum.
The Orpheum's new features for this
week include John C. Rice and his side
partner in comedy, Sally Cohen, who
needs no introduction to San Francisco
theater-goers. They appear in a farcical
skit entitled "Our Honeymoon," which
was written specially for them. The Ros
sow midgets have always been prime fa
vorites with Orpheum patrons, and they
come back for a short atay. beginning
with this week. Little Charlie Rossow.
the cleverer of the two. now poses as the
smallest female impersonator in the
world. His imitation of Anna Held is said
to be extremely funny. Edwin Milton
Royle and Selena Fetter and several
strong cards are held over from last week.
Recital.
Mr. and Mrs. Max Henrich, barytone and
soprano, and their daughter, Julia, will
give three additional recitals at the Sher
man-Clay Hall Monday and Friday even
ings of next week and also on Wednesday
afternoon. Such artistic singers as these
are too seldom heard in San Francisco.
The Chutes.
Next week there will be what is quoted
on the hangers, "A Feast of Fun and
Frivolity." at the Chutes. Mcßride and
James, "the Kings of Celtic Comedy," will
be new, as will also Cecil Marion, a so
prano, and many old favorites have been
retained.
Jhe Olympia.
The Olympia claims to have a strong
card in the four Florences, a troupe of
acrobats. Other features are Irene Frank
lin and Cotton and Moll.
Carl Hertz
Carl Hertz, the celebrated magician,
who recently arrived here on a journey
round the world, will probably give a
series of entertainments shortly in one of
the big theaters. Mr. Hertz is a San Fran
AMUSEMENTS.
COMING
SOCIALJ2 VENT !
SECOND ANNUAL
CUSHION TEA
For the Benefit of the
WOMAN'S EXCHANGE!
To b« given at the residence of MRS. M. H. DE TOUNG, No. 1919 California Btreet,
SATURDAY, November sth, from 2 to 5 p. m., 8 to 11 p. m.
A musical and varied entertainment afternoon and evening by some of the most prominent
young ladies and gentlemen. OVER FIFTY LADIES TAKING PART.
TICKETS H 00-
CHILDREN 25c.
Tickets can only be procured from the Lady Managers and at the Woman's Exchange,
46 Post street.
Under the management of the following ladies of the Exchange:
MRS HENRY SCHMIEDEU MRS. WILLIAM P. MORGAN,
MRS LOUIS SLOSS, MRS. SANDS FORMAN,
MRS JOHN CURRY. MRS. SAMUEL D. MAYER,
MRS H L. IX>DGE. MRS. WEBSTER JONES.
MRS E' S BREYFOGLE, MRS. ADOLF and MISS GRACE UNGEft,
MRS" ALBERT T. SCOTT. MRS. MAUD GERSTLE.
MRS SOPHIE LILIENTHAL MRS. GEORGE A. KNIGHT,
MRS" NO KITTLE. MRS. H. E. HIGHTON,
MRS! SAMUEL KNIGHT. MIPS JENNIE BLAIR,
MRS. LOUIS GERSTLE, MRS. BUNKER.
SUTROJ3ATHS.
SUNDAY, ' OCTOBER ; 23, AT 2'_ P. : M. v, •
SWIMMING RACES
- FOR VALUABLE PRIZES, ■ V ;
And Music by the GAULOISE BAND.
• ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN, sc. • • ;
Open ; Dally ' from 7 a. ' m. to 8 p.' m."- ;■;.■■'
"rSsenthalT
f' METROPOLITAN I TEMPLE, v"/! \ r ?s
EVENING DEC. 29 '&. AFTERNOON t DEC. 4 , 31.'
BasebaUT ISE?™!
'" -." ii-.t , The Star* of the League -• , ■; ': .\
SAN •*'. ; JOSE '■ -^— VS.  OAKLAND.*
■■■■•; TO-DAY AT I:1B P. M, ; . •
ciscan, and his work has received the ap
proval of Great Britain. Australia, New
Zealand, China, Japan and even India,
where the black art is usually supposed
to reach its perfection.
Pearl Ladd's Entertainments.
Pearl Ladd, the talented young pianist
and dramatic reader, will play and read
at the Sherman-Clay Hall next Thursday
evening and on Saturday afternoon. She
will play numbers by Beethoven. Mozart,
Chopin, Scharwenka, and will give
scenes from "Romeo and Juliet." "The
Merchant of Venice," and Leah, the For
saken."
■ ♦ ■
This unique explanation of the death of
Fanny Davenport Is taken from an inter
view tn the Cincinnati Enquirer: It was
back in the eighties when Miss Davenport
received a shock that I think led directly
to her death, though it took place this
many years afterward. I was with her at
the time. She was playing in Chicago,
and presented at a matinee "Canaille.
The performance was viewed by a critic
upon the Chicago Times, who was a Miss
Sullivan, if my memory isn't playing
tricks with me. At any rate, the paper
the following morning roasted Miss Dav
enport most unmercifully in an article
headed "The Fat Camille." When I saw
her after reading the notice Miss Daven
port was in tears, and she vowed that she
would reduce her flesh or die in the at
tempt. . .
At that time I honestly believe Miss
Davenport weighed nearly 200 pounds.
She was a big. powerful woman, and had
a natural inclination toward embonpoint.
The reducing process began from that
day, for she was a woman of remarkable
will power, and no one who did not know
her intimately will ever have the slightest
Idea of the torture and suffering which
Miss Davenport endured after that day.
I think it was the 'Fat Camille' criticism
that did it all. for nature had meant Misa
Davenport to be a tremendous woman, or
else she would never have been cast in so
large a mold. In attempting to thwart
the laws of nature she paid the bitter
penalty.
Paul Lawrence Dunbar, the negro poet,
has just finished a one-act opera, to b©
sung by negroes who have had the neces
sary operatic training.
GLEN PARK— THE MISSION ZOO!
CONCERT SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23.
Commencing at 1:30 p. m.
TRIAL TRIP of new BALLOON, the Glen
Park, at 3 p. m.
Children's Playgrounds, Sea! Lakes. Aviary,
• Squirrel Cage, Motto Castle and
Other Attractions.
ADMISSION FREE FOR THIS DATE.
Take San Mateo electric car?. Miaslon, Va-
lencia and Sutter street cars transfer to thi«
line. i
BENEFIT FOR THE
TEACHERS' MUTUAL AID SOCIETY
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
IN A PERSIAN GARDEN.
BY LIZA LKHMANN.
MRS. ALICE P. LUDLAM. Reader
THi-KSDAY EVENING. October 2i. 1898.
Under the Direction of Mr. H. B. Pa»mor«.
Admission
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver higher.
Wheat advanced again.
Other Cereals dull.
Some change In Beans and Seeds.
Hay very dull.
Potatoes and Vegetables about the same.
Butter still declining.
Eggs and Cheese unchanged.
More Eastern Poultry due.
Game sold well.
Peaches and Plums about gone.
Oranges scarce and higher.
Pried Fruit unchanged.
Provisions slow.
Wool belter in the East.
Hides quiet. Hops steady.
Beef and Mutton llrm.
No further change in Hogs.
Bank Clearings gain again.
IMPORTS OF SUGAR
Imports of Sugar into the T'nited States for
August were £02.575,0!)0 pounds raw and 11,226,
046 pounds above Xu. 16 Dutch standard,
against 110,155,513, pounds raw and 14,180,818
pounds above No. 16 for the same month last
year. For the eight months these imports were
as follows:
Raw, pounds 2,348.102.290
Refined 55.137.443
Total 2.406,239.733
In 1597 3,705,741,391
Decrease this year 1,299.601.658
This year's Unportd were valued at $55,391,880,
and las"t year's at 574,112.250.
GOVERNMENT INCOME AND OUTGO.
Government receipts for the month of Sep
tember compare as follows:
1597. ISOS.
Customs J7.543.100 $16,759,574
Internal revenue 12.701.576 21,555.289
Miscellaneous 874 1,463.207
Total $21,319,644 $39,778,070
Expenditures for September compare as fol
lows:
IS9S.
Civil $6,787,376 $6,393,964
War 4.250.240 24.643.575
Navy 2.613.2 til 7.23r,22Q
Indians 721..-.59 1.162.510
Pensions 10,982.«78 10.93T.670
Interest 387,847
Total $24,752,361 154,223,921
The receipts for the first quarter of the fiscal
year compare as follows:
1597. IS9S.
Customs $31. 597,605 $45,175,904
Internal revenue 43,663,003 71.741,921
Miscellaneous 4.481,210 5,487,011
Total $80,041, 51S $125,407,556
The expenditures for the same quarters com
pare as follows:
1897. 189 S.
Civil $2T.776,f.16 $26,237,666
War 20,636,«34 M.550.7C4
Navy 8.458.754 22,131,777
Indians 2,469.692 2.598,463
Pensions 39.742.833 36,680,300
Interest 9.974.343 12,619,144
Total $109,037,772 $154.745,114
Last year the expenditures exceeded the re
ceipts by $29,000,000 and this year by X.8,000.000.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $16,929,
472. against $15,203,494 for the same week last
year.
WEATHER REPORT.
n2!Hh Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, October 22. 5. p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, ES; Fresno, 72; Los Angeles, 6s; Red
Bluff, 70; San Luis Obispo, 70; San Diego, 6S;
Sacramento, 6S; Independence, 76; Yuma. 88.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
63; minimum, 52; mean. 58
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is cloudy and threatening over
the entire Pacific Slope and Rocky Mountain
region. Light rain has fallen in Oregon and
Washington and scattered showers are reported
from California and Montana. While no clearly
defined storm is apparent, yet the conditions
are very unsettled and are favorable lor scat
tered showers in all districts.
The temperature has fallen in all districts
except along the Central California coast,
where there has been a slight rise.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, Oct. 23, lb9S:
Northern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather, with scattered showers Sunday; fresh
variable winds.
Southern California— Partly cloudy and un
pettled weather, with showers on the north
west coast Sunday; fresh west wind.
Nevada — Cloudy, with showers Sunday.
Utah— Cloudy, with showers Sunday.
Arizona— Cloudy, with scattered showers Sun
day.
Pan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy and
threatening Sunday, with occasional showers;
fre-sh variable winds.
Special from Mount Tamalpals— Rnin; wind
southeast, IS miles; temperature, 49: maximum
temperature, 49. G. H. WTLLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW TORK, Oct. 22.— The stock market
again showed Itself independent of the de
pressing influence of London and Europe, ex
cept at the opening, when a few of the Inter
national stocks were allowed to fall below the
London parity. The selling of London stock
on foreign account mad^e up for a considerable
proportion of the day's business and was well
absorbed at an advance at long prices. The
buoyancy of the wheat market made the grain-
carrying roads prominent In the movement, the
buying of the Atchison securities, particularly
the preferred, again occupying a conspicuous
place. But the stocks of all the Western roads !
were well bought and advanced in price. Sugar 1
ended its downward course very early and
closed near the top, •with a net gain of l'«,
the underlying strength manifest in the market |
making the bears timid about leaving short
contracts uncovered over Sunday. Tobacco also
•was marked up to 122%, with every evidence of
violent manipulation, and shorts were driven
to cover heavily at every stage of the advance.
Even the coalers showed the effects ot the
uncertain temper developed by the bears and
made recoveries on short offerings. The bank
statement was Just about as expected, and
had little effect one way or the other. The
gain in cash had been in imported gold and
by outgo from the sub-treasury, and the heavy
increase In loans of over $10,000,000 represents
for the most part loans on sterling, which is
an element In the tendency of the lending of
money. The increase of deposits from this
Bource expanded the reserve requirements so
far that the increased cash only served to raise
the surplus by $3,750,775. Business in both
etocks and bonds was well distributed and ac
tive and the market showed a decided ten
dency to broaden out. The amount of bußl
ness done was larger than for any half day
for some time.
The market has shown growing strength and
activity as the week advanced, and has fairly !
shaken oft the lethargy which even the long
array of favorable factors in the situation has
seemed powerless to awaken it from. Even bo
phenomenal a showing as St. Paul's earnings
for the second week in October, the largest in
the road's history, and nearly $140,000 over
those of last year, served only to encourage a
feeble resistance to the industrious manipula
tion for a decline of the board room traders in
Btocks. It is a maxim of professional traders
that a dull and sagging market for stocks Is
bound to produce a general reaction. The un
certainty of the European political situation
•was sighted ac additional argument for a Rea
son of dullness and declines. But curiously
enough, the more threatening developments of
European politics have, indirectly at least,
given the stimulus to the stock market which
enabled it to shake off tts torpidity.
The week's events In financial circles have in
fact given a striking demonstration of the
strength of this country's financial position and
its power to treat with indifference the Old
World developments. There has been nothing
In the domestic situation which has caused
more doubts to financiers than the low price
In prospect for wheat when the crop, tempor
arily held back, should come forward. But this
week has seen the crop coming forward In un
precedented volume. Yet so keen has been
the foreign demand for our product that the
largely augmentwd primary movement has made
but little Impression on the visible supply.
Even the domestic demand proves unexpectedly
keen, indicating that the sweeping out of the
■world's reserves by last year's high prices
had evidently left a void which our unprece
dented demand was needed to fill. The later
news of the military and naval preparations
in France, and to-day In England, resulted in
a feverish demand for wheat, which is main
tained, would mean incalculable advantage to
this country, already enriched by last year's
bountiful harvest at high prices. The pros
perity of the Western country from this cause
is conclusively demonstrated by the large
Western movement of merchandise which car
ried earnings of Western railroads well above
last year's level and even before the resump
tion of the grain movement. The week's recov
ery in stocks logically begun, therefore, among
those of the Western grain carrying roads, and
owing to individual causes Atchison prefer
red took a leading place in the movement. The
money markets have shown themselves equally
impervious to the influence of the stringency
existing in European centers, the Bank of
France being the last of the Government aided
institutions to advance its discount rate,
•which it did on Tuesday from 2 to 3 per cent.
Meantime, the large excess of our exports over
imports, which the grain and cotton move
ment aided, had been making exchange, and
instead of drawing this. It has been left at in
terest, mostly in Germany, to be liquidated in
the future.
The money stringency and the war scare
abroad have thrown not far from 100,000 shares
of stocks on the New York exchange for 11- ,
quidatlon during the week. But these have
been absorbed at advancing prices and with
money rates declining. Foreign markets are
known to be pretty well stripped of the usual
floating supply of American securities. But
the conceivable result in the event of actual
war in Europe and the tapping for liquidation
of the vast amounts of American securities
h»IJ abroad for investment does not leave
the situation free from uneasiness.
The bond market has improved in sympathy
with stocks as the week progressed and prices
have recovered from early depression.
I'nittd States old 4s have advanced ft, the
new 4s, coupon, and the ss, registered, %, and
the 39, coupon, and ss, coupon, ft in the bid
price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 100,
900 shares, including: Erie preferred 13,596,
Burlington 6630, Louisville and Nashville 4975,
Hock Island 3050. St. Paul 5444, American To
bacco 49.455, Sugar 13,935.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atohison 12% St Louis & S F.. 7%
Do prefd 3a 1 ,* I>o prefd 63
Baltimore & Ohio.. 44% Do 2d prefd 30
Canada Pacific ... 81 St Louis & S AY.. 4%
Canada Southern.. 51% Do prefd lift
Central Pacific... 24ft St Paul 108K
Ches & Ohio 21ft Do prefd 160>4
Chi & Alton 156 St r & Om 80>4
(hi B &. Q 11576 Do prefd 1H
Chi Jt E 111 34 iStPMi M 168
Do prefd Sti So Pacific 23
Chi G W 14 So Railway i%
Chi Ind & L 7ft Do prefd 334
Do prefd 27ft Texas & Pacific... 13%
Chi & N W 131»4 Union Pacific .... 32ft
Do prefd 176 Do prefd 63*
CC C & St L.... 33 % UP D & G 1
Do prefd fcb Wabash 7ft
Del A: Hudson 102 ft Do prefd 20
I'el L & W 141 ft Wheel & L E 3%,
Del & Rio G 12ft Do prefd 14ft
Do prefd 53% Express Companies —
Erie new 12 v Adams Ex 109
DS" Ist prefd .... 32ft American Ex ....13J
Ft Wayne 171 United States .... 40
'it Nor prefd ....136 Wells Fargo 120
Hocking Valley 3ft Miscellaneous —
Illinois Central.... loß)4 A Cot Oil 36%
Lake Brie ii W.... 15 Do prefd 86
Do prefd 63ft Am Spirits lift
Lake Shore 190*4 Do prefd 34
Louis & Nash 55 Am Tobacco Hi
Manhattan L 97 | Do prefd 125
Met St Ky 159 ft Cons Gas 177%
Michigan Central. .los Com Cable Co 175
Minn & St L 27ft Col F & Iron 2014
Do Ist prefd .... 91 Do prefd 80
Missouri Pacific... 32=% 1 Gen Electric 7S
Mobile & 0hi0.... 26ft i Haw Com Co 45
Mo X & T 10ft' Illinois Steel ?2ft
Do prefd 31% Intnl Paper 52ft
N J Central 97 Do prefd S7
N V Central 115% Laclede Gas 47ft
N V Chi & St L.. 11 Lead 32ft.
Do Ist prefd .... 60 Do prefd 109
Do 2d prefd .... 30 Minn Iron 126
Nor West 13 Nat Lin Oil 4ft
No Amer Co .... 6%] Pacific Mail 32ft
No Pacific 40% People's Gas 103%
Do prefd 75% | Pullman Palace.... 196 ft
Ontario & W .... 14% Silver Cert 60
Ore R & Nay.... r.3 Standard R & T.. 6
Ore Shore Line... 27 Sugar 112%
Pac Coast Ist pd.. 80 Do prefd 107%
Do 2d prefd K9 T C & Iron 27
Pittsburg 169 |U S Leather 6ft
Rending 16% Do prefd G4ft
Do Ist prefd .... 39 US Rubber 39%
R G W 27 Do prefd 102
Do prefd 65 Western Union ... 91%
Rock Island 101% Brooklyn R T .... 65%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 3s 105% N J C 5s 11374
U S new 4s reg....127% N Carolina 6s 122
Do coup 128% Do 4s 193
U S 4s 11114 No Pac lsts lV~ a
Do coup 112 ■ Do 3s 60%
Do 2ds 98 i Do 4s 101
US 5s reg m 1;m 1 ; NYC& St L 45.. 106
DO Ea coup 113^ Nor & W Gs 123
District 3.65s i!?u Northwestern c0n.143V4
Ala class A 108 " Do deb 5s 120
Do B 10S O Nay lsts 114
Do C 10") JO Nay 4s 99ft
Do Currency 105 'O S Line 6s tr....129
At'hison 4s 93*4 O S Line 5s tr..
Do adj 4s 72ft Pacific 6s of 95 102 ! a
Can So 2ds 109 .Reading 4s SI
Chi Term 4s 90 ,R G W lsts 87
C & Ohio 5s 116 St L & I M C 55.. 97
<■ I! .V I) 4ftß 104% St L & S F G 6.5..U9
D& R G lsts 11l St P Con 160
D & R G 4s 97% St P C & P 15t5.. .121
East Term lsts 107 Vi i Do 5s 117%
Erie Gen 4s 69 ISo Railway 5s 97VS
F W & D lsts tr.. 75 j Stand R & T 65.... 75
Gen Elec 6s 103% Term new set 35.. 94
GH&S AGs 104 Tex Pac L G lsts. I^7
Do 2ds 105 Do Rg 2ds 45V»
H & T C 5s 11l Union Pac 4s 99%
Do con 6s UOV4 T" P D & G lsts... 78%
lowa C lsts 105)4 Wab Ist 5s 113%
La new consols 4a. 105 Do 2ds SSft.
L & N Uni 4s 90ft W Shore 4s 110
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries 78%
M X & T 2ds 63 | Do deferred G
Do 4s BS% ! Wis Cent lsts 59ft
N V Central lsts. ll7ft
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 05|Ontario 3 65
Crown Point 05|Ophir 40
O n '"al & Va._. 60 1 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 4.'. Quicksilver 125
Would & Curry... 12 Do prefd 375
Hale & Norcross. 70 Sierra Nevada ... 55
Ilomestake 50 00 Standard 1 75
Iron Silver 67 Union Con 12
Mexican 07 Yellow Jacket ... 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Do prefd 57' i
Call loans 2Q3 Ed El Tel 190
Time loans 3 r t}i Gen Elec prefd... 167
Stocks— Atchison prefd .. 35H
AT& S F 12% Bonds—
Amer Sugar 112" 8 Atchison 4s 93
Do prefd 1074 Mining Shares-
Bay State Gas... I*4 Allouez Mln Co.. «
Bell Telephone .. 277 [Atlantic 27
Boston & Albany. 249 Boston & Mont... 225 Vi
Boston & Maine. 164 |Butte & Boston.. 31Vi
Boston L 69% Calumet & Hecla. 580
Chi Bur & Q HaTfc' Centennial l'.'l'g
Fitchburg 104^ Franklin 13»,£
Gen Electric 78M* Old Dominion .... 2S*i
Mexican Central.. i\ Osceola 63»t
Rubber 39 Quincy 123
Union Pacific 32% Tamarack 176
West End !>6 Wolverine 27V4
Do prefd 109 Parrott 23Vi>
Westlnghouse El. 33HIHumboldt 4**
FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— The Financier says:
New York is again the cheapest money market
in the world and the bank statement for the
current week indicates that for some time t6
come it is to hold that distinction. The
changes that in five weeks brought an expan
sion In the surplus reserve from $4,240,400 to
$23,412,325 and swelled the deposits nearly $46.
000,000 have been so rajiid that their signifi
cance is not fully appreciated. They empha
size the return to easier conditions, due in part
to the liberal policy of the treasury with re
gpect to public deposits and also the favored
position of the United States with regard to in
ternational exchange. While European dis
counts last week moved up American money
rates receded. As a natural consequence In
vestments In sterling bills, now coming for
ward rapidly, afforded a safe profit, and that
this was taken advantage of is seen In the in
crease of $10.«07,000 in loans reported for the
week. Specie receipts, both from Europe and
the Paclllc Coast, were considerable and the
sub-treasury's operations were in favor of the
banks. This accounts lor the gain of $8,105,-
700 in gold.
The Interior movement, what little there was
of it this fall, seems at an end and the flow
of money is again in this direction. The in
crease of $307,"U0 in legals Is to be attributed
to receipts from this source. The heavy gain
In deposits, in view of the loan and cash
changes, is Just about normal.
The statement In detail presents nothing that
controverts the analysis already given. The
national banks, as usual, show the heaviest
gains, and the aggregate expansions of de
posits can be traced for the moet part to seven
banks, the bulk of the new loans falling to the
same institutions. It le Interesting to note,
however, that the Central National, an insti
tution with large commercial connections,
shows up unusually well in the gains for the
week, indicating a revival in business activity
that . Js quite as Important as anything' else
the statement reveals. With an assured supply
of money and a steadily growing trade balance
It would not be surprising to see the totals of
the New York banks expand rapidly from this
time on, even if the course of speculation
seemed to be checked for the present.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Oct. 22— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here opened dull to-day, then rallied
slightly, but flnalb- closed flat on the politi
cal situation. Business here so far as the
public is concerned is quite at a standstill,
and is likely to remain so until some definite
turn comes In the political situation. The pro
fessionals are also nervous and are contract
ing seeculation to the narrowest umlt.
The London market discount rate Is 3% per
cent and very firm on the Bank of England's
control of the market. I learn, however, that
New York is undoubtedly making advances
to this market for about three months.
CLOSE:
Canadian Pacific, S3; Grand Trunk, 6%.
Gold is quoted at Buenos Ayres to-day at
149. 50.
MADRID, Oct. 22.— Spanish 4's closed to-day
at 60.70.
GOLD AND SILVER MOVEMENT. _
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— The gold and silver
movements at New York for the week ending
to-day were: Exports of gold, $7059; silver,
1878 366; imports of gold, $2,414,008; of silver,
$44,942.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22— FLOUR— Receipts. 36,
566 barrels; exports, 77.112. Firmer but quiet.
Minnesota patents, $4@4 25; winter patents,
$3 75@4 10; winter straiu, $3 60@3 75; winter
extras, $2 85@3 15; winter low grades, $2 25®
2 45.
WHEAT— Receipts, 251,600 bushels; exports.
136,378. Spot steady; No. 2 red, 78% cf. o. b.
afloat. Options opened strong on war reports
and an unexpected advance In cables. They
were sustained all the morning by short de
mand and closed lH@l%c net higher; No. 2 red
May, 73 9-16® 73% c, closed 73% c.
HOP*— Firm. State oomx&on to choice, 1896
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1898,
crop, 6@Bc; 1897 crop, ll@13c; 1898 crop, 18@20c;
Pacific Coast, 1896 crop, 6@Bc; 1897, ll@13c; 1898,
lS@2oc.
WOOL— Dull. Fleece, 17(@23c.
PIGIRON— DuII. $4 75; Northern, $11@11 50.
COPPER— DuII; lake brokers, $12 25.
LEAD— Easy; domestic brokers, $3 60.
METALS— After a week of activity and Ir
regularity the market for metals closed rather
unsettled and quiet. The Metal Exchange is
sued no report to-day.
COFFEE— Options closed barely steady, un
changed to 5 points lower. Sales, 8750 bags,
including March. $5 6CKc?S 65. Spot coffee— Dull
and easy; No. 7 invoice, 6c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6ftc;
mild, /market quiet: Cordova, S@lsc.
SUGAR— Firm, held higher; fair refining,
3%c: centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c; molasses, 3ftc:
mold A, 5%c; standard and confectioners'.' A.
4%c; cut loaf and crushed, sftc; powdered and
"cube, sftc; granulated, sc.
BUTTER— Receipts, 2717 packages. Market
firm: Western creamery, 15@23c: Elgins, 23c:
factory. I]ft!fjl4ftc.
EGGS— Receipts, 27. r >9 packages. Steady; State
and Pennsylvania, 21c; Western, 20c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Oct. 22.— An advance of l%@2d in
the price of wheat at Liverpool and no note
worthy decline In consols made a decidedly
strong and, higher market for wheat here at
the opening. Sales for December were KglUc
higher, at 67%<& - 6Kc, and there was a further
gain oi Vie shortly afterward. Accompanying
the eirlv news from abroad was a New York
report of large additional sales for export and
further purchases of December futures by the
e'sporters. There were renorts of flour sales
I) Italy, the first on record, and also that
houses with Australian connections were mak
ing inquiries for flour. St. Louis, meanwhile.
advised that tho bids from abroad on wheat
were 3c a bushel higher than at the close last
night, and Minneapolis reported that the wheat
stock oe hand there was sufficient only for a
limited period of grinding. Under these con
ditions yhorts were forced to cover and the
fluctuations of December the greater portion
of the day were from 67%@65%c. Near the
end the war scare lost some of its influence,
and when It was found Continental markets
were all lower and British consols higher, the
prica of Vt> .-niber wheat reacted to 67%'6>C7'$fec,
which was the closing figure, an advance of 1@
l',ic ovter yesterday.
A good export demand with renewed specu
lative buying incited by the wheat strength
nnd the foreign situation caused a strong foel-
Ing In corn. Profit-taking by longs during the
last hour caused a reaction, but December left
oft with a gain of %@ftc.
The Improvement in Wheat and corn caused
a sreneral increase of speculation in oats.
There was a good cash demand and 1.000.000
bushels were taken here for shipment. May
left off Vie higher.
Trßders In provisions were bearish on ac
count of the amazing receipts of .iogß every
where. There was only a slight concession
on the general list, however, as the strength
■In grains checked any concerted selling. Pork
and ribs lost 5c and lard 2ftc.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— • Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 8—
October 67%
December .. 68 68% 67% 67%
May 68% 69 68% 68%
Corn No. 2—2 — '■'" ■■■■■■'>- ■'.-
October 31% 32 31% 31%
i December 32% 32% 31% 32
May 34>i 33% 33% 34%
• Oats No. 2—
December 23% 23% 23% 23%
May 24% 24% 24Vi 24%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
December 795 ■ SOO 790 7 92%
January 920 9 22% 915 9 17%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
December 4 97% 4 97% 4 92% 495
January 5 05 5 05 5 00 5 02%
Phort Ribs, per 100 lbs—
December ....'..... 5 27% 530 525 530
January 475 475 4 72% 4 72%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, firm; special spring brands, $4 ICST4 20;
hard patents, $3 50@3 70; straits, $3 10@3 20;
bakers, $2 20<g*2 40: No. 2 spring wheat, 67c;
No. 3 spring wheat, 65(567c; No. 2 red, 69V4c;
No. 2 corn, 32@'32%c; No. 2 cats. 23%@23»;c:
No. 2 white. 26%@27c; No. 3 white, 25%@26%c:
No. 2 rye, 50% c: No. 2 barley, 33(J?47c; No. 1
fiaxseed, 98c; prime timothy seed, $2 45; mesa
pork, per barrel. $7 90@7 95; lard, per 100 pounds,
$4 97%<8>5: short ribs sides (loose). $5 10(g5 35;
dry salted shoulders (boxed). $4 50«ff 4 75: short
clear sides (boxed* $5 30©5 40; whisky, distil
lers 1 finished goods, per gallon, $1 25; sugar, cut
loaf, 5.64 c; granulated, 5.14 c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments
Flour, barrels .; 12,600 11,400
Wheat, bushels 335.700 19,600
Corn, bushels 637,700 141,600
Oats, bushels 526,000 251,100
Rye. bushels 64,000 -
Barley, bushels 109.800 20,300
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter I
market was firm; creameries, lS'q22c; dairies, !
12@19c. Cheese active, creameries, 7%@9Vic.
Eggs steady, fresh, 16c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts, Shipments,
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 316,920 60.000
Duluth - ." 437.430 317,681
Milwaukee 47.450 72.500
Chicago 335.750 19,624
Toledo
St. Louis :...
Detroit 18.059 9,478
Kansas City ISI.OOO 115,500
Totals
Tidewater —
Boston 114,808 248,074
New York 261,600 36,378
Philadelphia 45,767 75.057
Baltimore
New Orleans 24.000
Galveston 90,132 72,000
Totals '.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Oct. Dec. Mar.
Opening 6 3% 6 2%
Closing
* PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— , Oct. Jan.-Apr.
Opening 47 50 46 95
Closing ;
Wheat-
Opening 22 00 22 05
Closing
-. . .
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Oct. 22— CATTLE— Market un
changed. Prices 10<@15c lower than a week ago,
except for the best dressed. Choice steers, $4 4u
@5 S5; medium, $4 SO® s; beef steers, $4<7H 75;
stockers and feeders, $3g>4 60; bulls, $2 40@4 25;
cows and heifers, $3 oO!g>4 25; calves, $3 1507 50;
Western rangers, $2 65@4 50; Western fed steers,
$4Q.' ;i0; Texas grass steers, $3 15©4 25.
HOGS — There was universal surprise at the
exceptionally heavy receipts of hogs for Satur
day, as it was the largest run of any day this
week. Market 10c lower, some droves taking a
tumble of 15c. Fair to choice, $3 70@3 SO; pack
ing lots, $3 35@3 6"i<4; butchers, $3 40® 3 SO;
mixed, $3 40@3 S2H; lights, $3 40^3 85; pigs, $2 50
@3 65.
SHEEP— Market unchanged. Poor to prime
sheep. $2 25@4 75; Western rangers, iiifH 60;
choice yearlings. $4 85fg'5; common to choice
lambs, $3 50(fj5 fiO: feeders. $5?i5 10.
Receipts— Cattle, 500; Hogs, 40,000; Sheep,
6000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 22.— CATTLE— Receipts,
200. Market unchanged. *
jjOGS— Receipts, 7000. Market 10c lower. Bulk
of sales, $3 50@3 60; heavies, $3 50@3 65; pack
ers, »3 45113 60; mixed and light, $3 40© 3 60;
pigs, $3 2. r ) 'g3 55.
SHEEP— Receipts, 800. Market steady.
Lambs, $4@5 50; muttons, $3 25@4 00.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Oct. CATTLE— Receipts, 2200.
Market slow, steady. Native beef steers, ft 40
@3 60; Western steers. »3 7504 50; cows and
heifers $30)3 90; cannera, S2 25@3; stockera and
feeders', *3 Bo<f4 40; calves, $4 60@6 50; bulls,
stags, etc., $2 25@3 75. '
HOGS— Receipts, 10,000. Market 10c lower.
Heavy J3 Wai 60; .mixed, $3 52H@3 55; light,
$3 6S<H 66; bulk of sales, $3 52%@3 57%.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000. Market steady. Na
tive mutton*. $3 80@4 40; Western muttons, S3 60
@4 30; stock sheep, -?3 50@4 10; lambs, $4 SO®
1 50. - DENVER.
DENVER.
DENVER. Oct. 22.— Receipts, 1150;
market steady. Beef steers, $3 60<g>4 20; cows,
$2 f»o@3 50: feeders, freight paid to river. $3 DO®
4 20; stockers. freight paid, $3 80@4 40; bulls,
stars, etc.. VI 25@3. ,■,,""
HOGS— Receipts. 600: market Be lower: weak.
Light packers, $3 6S@3 70; - mixed," $3 60@3 65;
heavy. *3 50®3 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1400: market steady. Good
fat muttons, " $3 25<g4 25; lambs, $4 25@5. ;
: FOREIGN MARKETS.
■ ' '""■, "~ ' ■'- ' ■■-• ■ - I •
LONDON. Oct. • — Consols, 108 15-16 ; silver,
.27 15-16 d; French rentes, lOlf 65c. -; Wheat car
goes oft* coast, nothing do.nK: cargoes on pas
sage, quiet for white, easy : for ■ red. „.
LIVERPOOL, ' Oct. 22.— Wheat, firm; wheat
In Paris, dull; flour In Paris, dull.
COTTON— Uplands -3 l-16d. -
- CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot firm; No. •1 - red . Northern
spring 6s 6d. Futures closed steady: October,
nominal; December 6s 3Hd; March, 6s 2',£d.
CORN— firm;. American mixed, 3s 9^id.'
Futures steady. - November, .3a 9%d ; December,
S FLOUR— St.: Louis fancy winter firm," 8s 6d; •
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter firm, 8s 6d.
HOPS— At London : (Pacific Coast), firm, -; £5
ss@£s 10s. ■
IMPORTS AT NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— The Imports of dry-
Koods and merchandise at '. the " port of New
York this week were valued at $7,492,071.;
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., : Oct. 22.— Exchanges, 1231,
907; balances, J36.777.
NORTHERN -! WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 22.— Wheat, steady.
Walla Walla, 62c; valley, 64c; blue stem, 65®
66c.
Cleared— Steamship Mogul, for China and
Japan, with 43,013 barrels of flour and miscel
laneous cargaes: ship Dlmsdale. for Queens
town, with 106,067 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 22.— Wheat— Club, 61@61ftc;
blue stem, 64@64ftc.
LOCAL MARKETS
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 14 82%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
-Sterling Cables — 4 85ft
New York Exchange, sight — 17ft
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
Mexican Dollars — 47ft
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Franco-British dispute over
FaEhoda is proving a marked stimulant to the
market and prices are again higher, with a
good demand. The feeling Is very firm.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 22ft@l 25; milling,
$1 26V«@1 27ft.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
52.000 ctls, $1 25. May-6COO, $1 25ft; 2000. $1 26 >4.
Second Session— December— 26,ooo ells, $1 25;
SOOO, $1 24"5; 20, C00, $1 24%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 3o,ooo
ctls, $125%; 24,000, $125%. May— 4ooo, $1 26ft;
8000, $1 26%.
BARLEY— The market Is dull and not mate
rially changed.
Feed, $1 20@l 22ft; Brewing, $1 ZSffl 30 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
2000 ctls, $1 24>i-
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
OATS— The market was lifeless yesterday at
unchanged quotations.
Fancy Feed, jl 25 per ctl; good to choice,
$1 2u©l 22ft; common, $1 15@1 17*; Surprise.
$1 30(61 35; Gray. $1 15@1 17ft; milling. $1 20(^
127 ft per ctl; Red, $1 4Gffil 45; Black, $150®
1 70.
CORN— Business continues slack at the oid
prices.
Small round yellow, $1 20; Eastern large yel
low, $1 02ft@l 05; white. $1 02ftf?l 05; mixed.
$lffrl 02ft per ctl; California White. $1 05@l 07ft.
RYE— California, $1 20&1 22ft; Eastern, $1 17ft
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Eastern Is quoted at $1 75
per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15@4 25; bakers'
extras, $4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per lou lbs; Rye Flour, $2 7u per
100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeai. $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeai, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 60; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina,
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $5 85@6 25; in sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 IDs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
There has been no demand whatever for Hay
during the past two or three days. Prices are
without change. FeedstulTs remain as before.
HKA.N- sl;.Sjltj per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIsrtf2O per ton.
FEKDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $26 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 SV; Jobbing,
$32*8 32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24®25; Cottonseed
Meal. $28@30 per ton; Cornmeai, $23 60(&24 50;
Clacked Corn, $24^25.
CALIFORNIA HAY-Wheat, $17@18 50 for
good to choice and $I'®l6 for lower grades; no
fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, $15@17 50;
Oat. $14@15 ;,0; Island Barley, $12 60f 13 50: Al
falfa, $10Qll; Stock, $11@12; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
nominal.
STRAW— SO(& 7Oc per bale.
I BEANS AND SEEDS.
The general market for Beans remains un
changed, though there are a few slight changes.
Mustard Seed Is rather firmer, with lighter
spot stocks. Shipment of 453 ctls to New York.
BEANS— Bayos. $1 SOQI 90; Small Whites.
$2 05(^2 17ft; Large Whites, $1 6'i(ffl 70; Pinks,
$1 80@l 90; Reds, $3; Blackeye, $3 25?/3 50; But
ters, nominal; Limas, $3 2503 3o; Pea, $1 90($
2 1": Red Kidneys, $2 35© 2 SO per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 50 per ctl; Yel
low Mustard, $4 25; Flax, nominal ; Canary
Seed, 2%'fj2%c per Itaj Alfalfa. t>ft<&6%c: Rape,
2%<rj2%c; Hemp, 2%£3e; Timothy, SSaftc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 25<tfl 4o; Green, $1 50
©1 75 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
The market shows very little change. Lima
Beans are higher under reduced supplies. All
other descriptions are abundant and easy as a
rule.
POTATOES — 40@50c for Early Rose and 35<3>
50c for RUer Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, Tic
<8»1 20; Oregon. 65c@$l; Sweet Potatoes, 75c@|l
for nearby and $I@l 25 for Merced.
ONIONS— 3O@4Oc per ctl; Pickle Onions 35®
50c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 3®4c; String
Beans, l@3c; Lima Beans, tlfll 25 per sack;
Bay Squash, 25@40c: Green Peppers. 50(g60c;
Cabbage, 50c; Carrots, 3o!&50c per sack; Bay
Cucumbers, 50@65; Tomatoes, 35<g65c; Garlic,
3c per lb; Green Okra, sCg6sc per lb; Dried
Okra. 10c per lb; Egg Plant. 405J.60C per box;
Marrowfat Squash, $»@lO per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per It> in lots of 25 lt>s; sliced,
desiccated, 10<gl8c; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c: Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Game arrived In good condition In the morn-
Ing, but the noon arrivals were stale again.
High prices ruled, as usual, at the close of the
week.
More Eastern Poultry will be put on to
morrow.
POULTRY— Live TurKeys. 14<?iir.o for Gob
blers and 13(g14c for Hens; Geeese. per pair,
il 2.'i 'til i,O; Goslings, $1 25^1 50; Ducks, $4@5 50
for old and J4@s 50 for young; Hens, J4@s GO;
Roosters, young, $455; Roosters, old, J4@4 50;
Fryers. $3 50<S 4; Broilers, $3 50 for large; $3@
325 for small; Pigeons, |l<g)l 25 per dozen for
old and $1 ;.<ju_ lor buuabts.
GAME—
Quail, $1 50@2; Mallard. $6@7; Canvasback
$7 6099; Sprig. $4@4 50; Teal. $3(i?3 50: Wid
geon, $2 50(fr3; Small Duck, $1 50@2; English
Snipe. $1 50ifr2; Jack Snipe, $lig:i 50; Gray Geese,
$2; White Geese, $1(31 50: Hare, $I®l 50; Rab
bits, $1 25@1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
More cold storage Eggs are coming in from
Petaluma under the guise of fancy ranch.
They deceive nobody aa the San Francisco
wholesalers and retailers know what first-class
Eggs are as well as anybody. Those interested
in the Egg businpKß in Petaluma ought to get
at the bottom of this business and put a stup
to it as soon as possible.
Butter is still depressed and lower and indi
cations of rain add to the weakness.
Cheese is unchanged.
BUTTER-
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 24@26c; sec
onds, 20@23c. < /
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 22@23c; common
grades, 18®'21c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 18@20c; pickled roll,
19@21c; creamery tub, 21<8 ! 22ftc.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16%c per
ID; Elgin, 22522V4C.
CHEESE— Choice mild, new. 10@llc; old, Bft@
9ftc; Cream Cheddar, 10® lie; ■ Young: America,
10ft@llftc; Eastern, 12@13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, : 30@35c per dozen; store
Krks, 18<?f25c; Eastern, 15@18c for ordinary and
22@24c for fancy. .- . r . ■/..-..■ •
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
There was no further . advance In . Win«
Grapes, but the market i was steady. -
There are a few Peaches and Plums still
coming in, but not in sufficient quantity for
regular quotations. ... -V- - .■ ~- .'■.--.
Watermelons are ' dull and nominal. Canta
loupes and : Nutmegs " are steady at . the quo
tations. ■;. '.; :
■ Berries are weak : and slow. •.:■■. ,
' Oranges are scarce and firmer.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, %\ 50<g4 per chest for large and
$7<J?D for ; small. ■•-. \ - ' .:
Figs. 25<g60c per box, double layers. ■ • .
Cantaloupes, 75c@$l 25 per crate; Nutmegs,
30@75c per box; . Watermelons, ■ |5@15 per . hun
dred. -- ■"-. '-: ;;">>-- -:■- -"' ■: ■;.■: ■ -■.
Huckleberries. s@6c per lb.
• Quinces. 75c@fl per box. ;
Pomegranates, 50@75c per small box.
- Cranberries. .$8 ■ per barrel for Eastern and
$2 60®2 75, per box for Coos Bay.
Ordinary Grapes, 20@40c per box crates sell
about 10c higher than boxes: 'Isabellas. &o<ff7fic
per crate; Wine- Grapes, $19@22 per ton for Zln
fandel and |14@17 tor common kinds.
Raspberries, $4@6 per" chest. •■.:
Apple?. 35@60c for common. -75@85c per box
for No. 1 and 90ciJr$l for choice. v, ,
Pears, r,Ocfi»l per box. , ..
CITRUS FRUITS— , $2@3 for , Valen
cia* ri $1 BO®l 75 for I Mediterranean j Sweets and
$1 25'gl 60 for Seedlings ;.- Lemons, '.sl 60<g>2 50
for common and $3<S's for good Ito choice ; I Mex
ican Limes, none here: California \ Limes, . ;
Bananas. $1 2S@2 25 per bunch; Pineapples, J3
@4 per dozen. • . :■' - *'■ ■--• ■
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS. CTC.
Shlpmenta of 767 cases Honey to New York
by ship Charles E. Moody.
There Is no change in fruits, the market be
ing dull.
There is a fair trade In Raisins at the new
prices.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes. 6^<ff:7c : for 40-50' 8.
Eiffs'-4c for 50-60' B. 4@4"i4 for 60-70' a, 3Vl@3V4c for
70-80 r 2*i@3c for 80-90's, :2\4©'2Hc.-for 90-100"s
and • lV«@2c for : 100-110' s: ' Silver :- Prunes. E><t»7c:
Peaches, • 6(g7>4c ' for good to choice, 7H@Sc for
fancy ; and 10@12V4c ■ for peeled; i Apricots, -. 10@
12c i for Royals . and IZ&I2V&C 3 for v Moorpam;
Evaporated - Apples. -"* 7»4@74c: - sun - drte-V - ■ 4®
4Hc; Black Figs, sacks, 2@J4e; ■ Plum*. 4%@
6c ! for pitted ; and l@l^o for unpltted; Nec
tarlnes, 6@7c for prime to fancy; Pears, SO'c ;
'•r quarters and S@9c for halves.
•RAISINS— 3',4c for two-crown. 4^c for three-
Town, 5V«c for four-crown, s(ff6Vtc for Seedless
Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2@2%c.
NUTS— Walnuts. 6c for hardshell, 7o for solt
shell; Almonds. s@6c for harJsn*H, l?c lor
softshell, 13'ul4c for paper-shell: Peanuts, -Sfi
5%e for Eastern and 4Vic for California: Pc
■ HONEY— Comb, lOfFilc for bright and B<g?9.
:'or lower grades; water white extracted, 6ut_
7c: light amber extracted, 6c; dark, s@o^i.
per lb.
BEESWAX— 2W2C," per lb.
PROVISIONS.
There is little life to trade and quotation?
show no change.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7Hc per lb foi
heavy. 8c for light medium, 10c for light. 10^..
.or extra Aght and 12<g i 12VjC for sugar cured
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10c; Callfornl.
Hams, 9i@9'.4c; Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per bbl
extra Mess Beef. Jlliffll 50: Family Beef, U2i
12 50; extra Prime Pork. $10; extra clear. jlSfc ;
IS 50; mess. Jls 50@16; Smoked Beef, ll®l2v !
per lb. '
LARD — Eastern, tierces, quoted at 5V»c per lb
for compound and 6^4S7c for pure; pails. 7'; c:
California tierces, 4*4Srsc per lb for compound
and 6c for pure: half bar-Ms, 6%c; 10-lb tins.
; c: 5-lb tins. 7»4c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 5 T 4(J?6»ic; packace?
less than 800 11-s— l-ll> palls. 60 In a case. 9V4c.
3-Ib pails. 20 In a case. :%c; 5-lb palls. 12 In a
case, SHe; 10-lb pails, 15 In a case, SHe: 50-11
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7M|C: wooden buckets. 2<
lbs net, SVjc: fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, "He; hall
b °ls. about 110 lb«. 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
The Wool trade is showing rather more ani
mation in the East.
Hides show no change. t
Hops are firm and in fair demand.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Hpavy salton
steers, 10c; medium. 9c; light, SV>c; Cow
hides. S'^fiSVic; Stags. 6c; salted Kip. 9c; Calf.
9c; dry Hides, suund, 15c; culls and brands,
I2tf?l3c: dry Kip and Veal. 15e; dry calf, IJc;
Sheepskins, shearllnts, 15025 c each; short wool.
30<§50c each: medium, CO(J?80c; long wool, 90c@
$1 10 each; Horse Hides salt. $1 TGO2 for large
and $lgl 50 for small; Colts. 25'550c; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 50@l 73 for large and $1 for
small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. S';i??3Hc per lb:
No. 2 2«4(fi2Sic; refined, *%<BA\c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— IS 97 clip Southern Mountain, 7®loc:
free Northern, 9(ff-12c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months'. 9tf?llc; San Joaquln and
Pruthern, 7 months', SfflOc: Foothill and
Northern, free, 12'f714c: Foothill and Northern,
defective, M£l2e: Middle County. 13''TlGc; Hum
boldt and Mendncinn. 14<«?lfic: Nevada, in<»l4c:
•Eastern Or«-~on. 10@12c: Valley Oregon, 15@17c
HOPS— IS9B crop lltrHc per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4?i@sc; Wool Bags, 26@2Sc; San
Quentln Ba«s. $4 S5: Fruit Bags, oc, 5Mc and
5%c for tb.e three grades of white and 7@6c for
brown.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $S; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50: Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $10 in bulk and $11 25
in «ackß: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel. $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
in sacks.
SALMON— Shipment of 10,145 cases. 1770 bar
rels and 100 tierces to : New York by ship
Charles E. Moody.
WlNE— Shipment of 263,202 gallons to New
York by sea.
SUGAR— The Western Supar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7Uc; Powdered. 6%c; Candy
Granulated, o'/4c; Dry Granulated, 6c; Confec
tioners' A, 6c; California A. 5%c; Magnolia A.
5%c; Extra C. (v^c; Golden C. s}»c; -barrels.
Me more than barrels,, and boxes He more. No
order taken lor less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef, Mutton and Lamb are firm and choice
stock will bring the top quotations. There is
no further change In Hogs.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6Hc; choice, 7c; second
quality. sVi(s6c; third quality, 4ig;. .c.
VEAL— Larse, 6@7c; small, 6 l i<gßc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6MiS"c; Ewes, 6@6V4c per
lb. -. -
LAMB— Lamb, 7H*?Bc per lb.
PORK— Hogs. 3H@3%c for large. 4@4%c
for medium and 3^4@3Mrc for small; stock Hogs.
2© 3 c; dressed Hogs, s%@6Kc
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, October 22.
Flour, qr sks ... 5,008 Straw, tons 6
Harley. ctls 310 Hops, bales 23
Corn, ctls 650 Wool, bales 288
Cheese, ctls 2? Pelts, bdls 314
Butter, ctls 464 Hides, no 765
Tallow, ctls 134 Eggs, doz ... 7,500
Hfuns. sks 3. 2ii!)i Quicksilver, flsk. 98
Potatoes, sks ... 2,s63; Leather, rolls ... 9S
Onions, sks ..... fiSSiWine, pals 82,700
Itran. ska -vOO Sugar, bags 2.400
Middlings, sks .. 2ftO Raisins, bxs 5,165
Hay, tons 330 Lime, bbla 732
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 880 1
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 9.188 Barley, ctls 4,770
Wheat, ctls 11.230 Oats, ctl? 130
THiii STOCK MAKKfCT.
Not a single share of stock was sold on the
regular call of the San Francisco Board yes
terday. Thie illustrates the dullness in these
Hum,
Local securities were quiet, as usual on Sat
urday, and quotations showed no change worthy
of note.
The Yellow Aster Mining Company of Cali
fornia paid a dividend amounting to 120,000 for
September on October 16.
The annual meeting of the Central Eureka
Mining Company will be held to-morrow.
The annual meeting of the Alpha Consolidated
Mining Company will be held on Tuesday.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Oct. 22—10:30 a. m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
V S Bonds-^ SF G & E.... 86 86ft
4s quar coup.. Illftll2 San Fran 3 3:4
4s quar reg...Uo\lll% Stockton Gas.. 13 —
4s quar new. ..127%125^, Insurance —
3s quar coup.los — t'irem's Fund. 2oß —
Mlscellaneou — Water Stocks—
Cal-st Cab 55..115ft117 Contra Costa.. 55 —
Cal El 6s 125 — Marln Co 50 —
C C Wat 55. ..100%— Spring Valley. lOOftlOl
Dup-st ex c... — 98V4 Hank StocKs—
E L & P 65. .131% — Anglo-Cal .... 63 65—
FftCl Ry 65. 114 ft — Bank of Ca1. .246 —
Gear--st R 53. — 100 Cal SD & T.. — 100
HC & S 4ft5.103 — First Nat ....210 —
LAL Co »s.. — 100 Lon P & A.. 130% —
Do gntd 65.. 99 100% Mer Exchange — 18
Morket-st 6f«..128ft129 Nev Nat 8.... 161 —
Do Ist M r.s.iH'-nllS Savings Banks—
N C NGRy 75. 104 — Ger S & L..1600 1630
N Ry Cal 65.. US 114 Hum S A L.IOSO 1160
NRy Cal 55.. 103 — Mutual Say. 36 45
N P C R n to.lM l n « S F Say U.. 495 —
N P C R R 55. 100*101 * & L 50.... - »*
"N Cal R R ss. — — Security S B 300 350
Oak Gas 6»....l«<ftVi»M Jnion T C 0.1025. 1025 —
Om Ry 6s 126 128 Street Railroads—
P & Cl P'- 6s.lO6ftlOSft California 108 109 ft
P & O 6s 112 — Geary 46 —
Powell-st 65... — 123 Market-st 53% 54
Sac Xl R" 65.100 — Presidio Bft —
8F& N P 55.109%109% Powder—
RlerraßCal 6s.K>4ftlOsft California ....127 147
SP of Ar 68.107% — E Dynamite... 85 95
8 P Cal 6s 1U — Giant Con Co. 49% —
SPC Is eg 65.. — 104 Vlgorit 2% 2%
8 P Br 6s 115»411514 Miscellaneous—
S V Water 6».118 — Al Pao Assn..lO2%lo3ft
p V Water 48.103% — 3er Ld Wk5..160 —
Btktn Gas 65.. 100 — Hana P C 0.... 16% 16ft
Gas * Electric— H C & S Co.. 45% —
Cent Ga«llght.lOs — Hutch S P Co. 62% —
Cent LAP... 8 — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Mutual El Co. — 11 Oceanic S Co. 61% 61%
Oakland Gas.. &3ft 54 Pac A F A., lft 2ft
Pac Gas Imp.. 85 — Pac C Bor Co. loo —
Pao L. Co 47ft— "flr Paint Co. 7 —
Morning Sesslo'.
50 Alaska Packers' •Association ..'..103 00
70 Giant Powder Con 49 37^
86 Spring Valley Water 100 75
-5 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 46 23
155 do do • .......4650
125 Hutchlnson S P C 0.;................... 62 50
150 Market-street Railway 54 00
10 Oceanic Steamship C 0............ 6162^4
140 do - do • ..6150
t " Strict 1^ ' '** ' ■■■■ :~: ~ •' * ' ' - ■ *'" ' ■
$4000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 80nd5.. .....104 00
$10,000 Spring Valley 4s, Bonds 103 37 hi
INVESTMENT BOARD.
i?*< ->- Morning - Session.
JSOOO Nevada Co Narrow Gauge 7s 107 00
40 Giant Powder Con- ....." ■ — ...49 25
20 Spring: Valley Water ...... ....;.... 100 75
75 S F Gas & Electric C 0......:......... 8625
. " MINING ' STOCKS. . .
San Francisco Stock Board— No sales.
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: . -. .
%- .. ' Morning Setslon.
300 Best & Belcher. 13 800 Con 'Car A Va... 63
200 Challenge Con.. 11 200 Confidence 3<t
200Chollar .......... 07 2UO Ophir ......... «
700...... •• 03 .■■-.' '
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Oct. 22-12 m.
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice 05 06
Alta "2 04 Kentuck 01 02
Andes 07 09 Lady Wash .... — 02
Belcher 06 0T Mexican io n
Best & Belcher IS 14 Con New York. — 01
Benton — 0? Occidental SO 50
Bullion 01 02 Ophlr 40 43
Caledonia 18 19 Overman 01 02
Challenge — U Potosl 08 10
Chollar 07 08 Savßge 06 06
Confidence — 40 Bcorpion OS 05
Con Imperial .. — 01 See Belcher ... 01 02
Con Cal & Va. 62 63 Sierra Nevada. 62 63
Crown Point .. 06 07 j Silver Hill — 08
Exchequer 01 02 ' Syndicate 03 —
Eureka Con ... 30 —Standard ..175 180
Gould & Curry. 14 15 Union Con 18 19
Hale & Norcrs. 85 90 Utah > OS 06
Julia 01 02 Yellow Jacket. 11 U
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
Name of Stock.
!M. I T.I W.I T. I F. I S.
■'vipnu.
Alta I
Andes .; ....:. |
Belcher .................
Best & 8e1cher.........
Ce ledonf a . . .........^. ;.
Challenge ...........;.;.
""hollar '
r>.< Cal. & Va......
Confidence ....
Crown Point
Dould & Curry
Hale & N0rcr055.......
fustjee . ....... . ; . ..... ...
.lexican '.;.".........'...
>phir .......
Overman
Accidental
'otosi "......
!ava« ;.....'
-Standard '
sierra Nevada..; ...
'n!on . .■...'.........;.••„...
b't.-ih .....................
fellow Jacket...........
01! Oil 02 02 02 02
03i Ml 03 03 03 02
08 O.S 08 07 07 07
07| 06 07 06 05 06
15 14 17 14 If U
19 18 19 IS 18 18
m 121 12 12 111....
08; OS) 081 07 07 C 7
64! 65! 68 67 63 62
25 30 ....
08 07 07 m 06 06
15 14 16 13 15 14
»0 82 85 .... 85 Si.
04 1 05 05 05 06 05
11 10 11 10 11 10
45 44 47 43 43 40
01 01 01 01 01 01
15 20 25! 30
11 10J 11 10 10| OS
06 0« '*> 06 05| 05
;l 70|l 75|1 75 1 »,1 V' 1 75
72 63' 72| 65} 641 62
19 19! 221 19 18| 18
0C 05; 061 05 05! 05
I 13| 12 13| 12', 11l 11
A BIRD WAR IN DENVER.
That saucy pest oj. Eastern cities, and
ill Europe, Canada and Australia, the
English sparrow, has been migrating
westward. Denver has been restfuliy
consoling herself, thinking that the jour
'fy across the sage brush waste was too
T and food and towns too scarce for
i.t« greedy bird to risk the trip, even for
the richness of such a desirable site for
an English sparrow colony, but these are
found foolish notions — there's more than
one way in this century of electricity and
steam, and even the binls know it. Two
ytars ago two or three English sparrows
arrived at the Denver union depot in a
box car, behind a westbound engine, and
established a settlement near the station.
oi.rangely enough, the bird has not ap
peared up town, nor spread to any con
siderable degree, but has confined itself
near the original settlement. Last year it
was seen no further up town than Wazee
street, and this year no further than Cur
tis street, which shows that something is
impeding the progress of this prolific bird
and standing in defense of the city.
Professor George L. Cannon has been
looking carefully into the matter, and
says that a contest for supremacy in Den
ver is waging between the English spar
row and the little house finch, or burion,
the back yard chirper which is mistaken
by so many people for the English spar
row. The house finch has not the stiff
fighting qualities of the English sparrow,
but it has the advantage in having pos
session of the city before the sparrow ar
rived.
The house finch is a Western bird, and
is found almost exclusively in Colorado
and States further west; the sparrow is
an Eastern bird. It remains to be seen
whether the Western bird can hold firm
against the attacking Eastern pest.
"The struggle is likely to continue but a
few years," said Professor Cannon,. "but
it may last for a hundred years, and as
the English) sparrow is more persistent
and quarrelsome it will probably come
out victorious unless Denver's citizens
join sides with the finch."— Denver Even
ing Post.
The German Emperor's ambition to
be a soloist will sooner or later cause
trouble in the harmony of Europe. —
Washington Star.
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
October, 1898. v
Tto.
Fr.
Sa.
1
S
M
23
Moon*« Phases.
Quarier,
AS- October-.
xr*v New Moon.
W October 1&.
-*.F\r»i' Quarter,
& October M.
©Ful >o--,
October 29.
v
6
U
IT
23
X)
2:
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the t'nlted States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit ot
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always -be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, If any. is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), T7. S. N.. in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23.
Sun rises 6:26
Sun sets .• 5:23
Moon sets 9M a. m.
O Timel
c 1 Feet.'
I 1 Feet.
7;
,'""■■"
6:031
7:22|
0:22
1:28'
I "6:44
tvjOTE In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day the third time column the third tide
and the' last or right hand column gives the
la<»t tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and thrn the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
T^fcrfnre is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants" Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., Oc
tober 22, 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired). TT. S. N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
o. W. Elder.. Portland Oct. 23
ty of Puebla.. Manila Oct. 23
icklnaw Tacoma Oct. 23
turada Anacortes Oct. 23
1 Thompson.. Tacoma Oct. 23
cat* Coos Bay Oct. 23
alia Wa11a.... Victoria & Puget Sound Oct. 24
nta Rosa San Dlegra Oct. 24
mona Humboldt Oct. 24
nplre |Coos Bay Oct. 24
ellington [Departure Bay Oct. 34
rtland St. Michael Oct. 24
•1 Norte Crescent City Oct. 24
n Juan Panama Oct. 24
ivanro Yaqulna Bay Oct. 25
ogreso Seattle |Oct. 26
lumbla Portland Oct. 26
os Bay INewport |Oct. 2»
Ineola [Tacoma jOct. 26
isi iNanaimo lOct. 27
ilkat 'Humboldt !Oct. 27
irona ]San Diego [Oct. 28
arlna Seattle Oct. 28
ate California Portland |Oct. 29
•apulco Panama |Oct. 29
natllla Victoria & Puget SoundlOct. 29
. Paul Manila Oct. 30
>rth Fork Humboldt Oct. 30
>mer Newport Oct. 30
l!ance |Portland Oct. 31
.capuico
'matllla
t. Pau1....:....
forth Fork
[omer
Jllance
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. ! Balls. | Pier.
jeen Vie & Pfrt Sd.jOet. 23. 10 amiPler 9
illkat Humboldt .... Oct. 23. 2 pm.Pler 13
omer Newport Oct. 2*. 9 amlPier 11
W. Elder Portland Oct. 25. 10 am Pier 24
gnal jGrayg HarborjOct. 2.", 12 nVPler 2
mta Rosa.|Ban Dlejro !Oct. 2«. 11 am Pier 11
Dmona ....iHumboldt .... Oct. 26. 2 pm'Pier 9
rcata Coos Bay Oct. 26, 4 pmjPler 13
-.lumbla ..fPortland Oct. K. 10 am Pier 24
»n Juan....) Panama Oct. 23. 12 m PMSS
•alia Wall I Vie & Put Sd.Oct. 28. 10 ami Pier 9
3ns Bay Newport |Oct. 28. 9 am'P'cr 11
eveland . PurK Sound.. Oct. 28. 9 am j Pier 2
orle rhln;i<fc Japan Oct. 2fl. I pm PMSS
,rona San Pießo Oct. 30. 11 am' Pier 11
ate of CqliPortlnnd jOct. 31. 10 am Pier 24
Destination.
Vie &
een
ilkat .....
mer
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
arrTved~~
Saturday. October 22.
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, 18 hours from
Schr Mary Etta. Nyman, 60 hours from Flsks
Stmr George Loomls, Brldgett, 32 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Homer, Jensen, 76 hours from Newport
and way ports.
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro, Ward. 31 d*y«
1 from Manila via Hongkong 26 days, via Nag
"Uhlp Jabez Howes, Clapp. 158 days from New
York, via Baltimore 130 days. . -.. g
Bktn City of Papeete. Berude, 3d daj s rrom
TBT B h ri t '" Geneva. Aas. 11 days from Taeoma.
Schr Neptune, Estvold - 9 days ' r 7™ Jk sal
■• Schr Maxim, Olsen. 4 days from Caspar.
CLKAI'KI)
Saturday. October 22.
Stmr Queen. Jepsen. Victoria and PorV
Townsend; Goodall. Perkins & Co. ,-,.,, >
Stmr Corona. Debney, San Diego; Ooodall.
P | r tmr S Hom°er. Jessen, San Pedro: Goodall. v
?| rr k mm nn r S Australia. Houdlette, Honolulu: J D
Spreckels & Bros Co. !>«"«««*. -o * T0W ' n8 -
Br ' shin Wayfarer. Dunning, Port Towns
end; Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
BAILED. w
Saturday. October 28.
••- Stmr State of California. Thomas. Astoria.
Stmr Australia. Houdlette, Honolulu. .
' Stmr Sequoia. Thwtng. '- . - itv ■"-.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson, Crescent City.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, Astoria.
Stmr Corona, Debney. San Diego. __ '
Stmr Charles Nelson. Anderson. Seattle.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Olsen, Seattle. -
Stmr Newsboy. Ellefsen, Usal, with scnr
Edward Park* in tow.
Br chip GifTord. Parry. Port Townsend. - _
Haw bark Andrew Welch. Drew, Honolulu.
Schr Viking. Peterson. Coos Bay.
Schr Glen, Neilson. Coos Bay.
Hchr Gem. Nelson, Coos Bay. , «„>,,, i-m
Schr Seven Sisters. Rasmussen, Nenaiem
■Schr Five Brothers, Jensen. Bowens Land-
Schr Lottie Carson. Anderson, Eureka.
Schr Maxim. Olsen. Caspar.; ; ■ _
Schr Edward Parkc. Johnson. Usal, in tow
of stmr Newsboy.
. TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct. ■ 22—10 p. m.— Weather,
fof-ry; wind, SW; velocity, 16 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Cavour loads lumber at Port Blakeley
for Shanghai. 47s 6d: Silberhorn, wheat at
Portland for Europe, 36s 3d. - , -
The Servia loads mdse for New Tor*. . •
SPOKEN. '*r r V^4
Per Jabez Howes— 29 in lat 52 53 S. JtaLJ^
79 03 W, Nor bark Olivia, from Ship Island,
for Guayaquil.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Br ship G W Wolff which arrived at San
Diego— the coast of Patagonia an appren
tice named James Crofts of Belfast, age 17,
was swept off the forecastle; boats were low
ered, but the boy was never seen again alter
he fell from the ship. _ _ 4
Per Jabez Howes from New York, via Bal
timore—On Aug 23 off Cape Horn Charles Hall
berg, seaman, fell from the foretopsail yard
to the deck, and received such injuries as to
cause his death three days later.
MISCELLANEOUS. .
LONDON Oct 21— Br ship Jorianhill from
Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia, which had been
aground at Blankness, was floated at high
W CALLAO— The reported arrival of the Chll
barK Altcar from Port Blakeley not confirmed.
DOMESTIC POKTS.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Oct 21— Schr Maid of,
Orleans, from Grays Harbor. ■ _
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 22-Br barK Glen
doon, from Yokohama. (Time 29 days). Br
ship Mooltan, from Yokohama.
COOS BAY-Sailed Oct 22— Schrs Ivy and Le
tltia, for San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Oct 22— Stmr Brunswick,
for San Erancisco. '
SEATTLE— SaiIed Oct 2— Jap stmr Kiushlu
Maru. for Yokohama and Yokohama.
STEWARTS POlNT— Arrived Oct 22— Schr J
Epi'lneer, hence Oct 17.
EUREKA— SaiIed Oct 22— Bktn Monitor and
schr Bertie Minor, from San Pedro; schrs Mag
eie C Russ and Rio Rey. for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 21— Schr
Laura Madsen. hence Oct 5; schr Martha w
Tuft, hence Oct 5.
VENTURA— SaiIed Oct 22— Schr Marion, for
• 'bOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Oct 22— Schr 1
Newark, hence Oct 21. : _
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct 22— Stmr Empire,
REDOND.O— SaiIed Oct 22— Schr John F Mil
ler, for Grays Harbor.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 21— Ger ship
Pax, from Nagasaki. •■
Sailed Oct 21— ship Creedmore, for Buenos
Ay res - ' » * .' *
In port— Stmr City of Seattle, from Dyea.
EUREKA— SaiIed Oct Stmr Alliance, for
"Arrived Oct 22— Stmr Pomona, hence Oct 21;
stmr Alliance, hence Oct 20. ■*
Sailed Oct 21— Stmr Chilkat, for San Fran-
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct Ger
bark Emln Pascha. from Antwerp.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 21— Stmr Allianca,
I from Colon. ■". -
FOREIGN PORTS.
SANTA ROSALlA— Arrived Oct Bktn
Northwest, from Chemainus.
DEPARTURE BAY— Arrived Oct 22— Bark
I Wilna. from Honolulu.
MOODYVILLE— Arrived Oct 22— Ship El well,
from Unalaska.
DEPARTURE BAY— Arrived Oct 22— Bark
Wllna. from Honolulu.
A— Arrived Oct Ship Levl G Bur
gess, ■ hence Oct 8. , - -
SYDNEY— Arrived-. Oct 21— Br stinr ' Miowera,
from Vancouver, via Honolulu,
TAHlTl— Sailed Sept 14— bark President
Thlers. for San Francisco. ■
HOLYHEAD— Arrived Oct 20— Br ship Mist
ley Hall, from Liverpool, for Oregon.
HlOGO— Sailed Oct 20— Br ship" Osborne, for
Port Angeles. .
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AW&*. o°imasH&S2£\ The S S - MARIPOSA
fi^NHfdnUlldL sails via Honolulu anil
fi A 1A 1 *S £ Auckland for Sydney
sl*T~* *^W Wednesday, November
P*ißmU2iß The S.S. MARIPOSA
rjaC| MfINSE s;l ils via Honolulu and
• Auckland for Sydney
y — Wednesday, November
7. 2, at 2 p. m. w
>,Ip3mMlinc' a - s - AUSTRALIA, 1
CyIMiIiJIUK ' sails for Honolulu only
/offlFfflf?Ll"» "ednesilay. November
g&^ V2>liP«l'q^l6. at 2p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Afrrica.
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO., Agents,
114. Montgomery Bt.
Freight office— 327 Market st., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
(k. • .. • Steamers leave Broadway
fV^ wharf, San Francisco:
EwJVJSSSV For Alaskan ports. 10 a. no..
|of£J9^ Oct. 3. 8, 13. IS. 23. 28, Nov. I.
kH9\K3 transfer at Seattle.
gg%/3v£J Via For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
IHBid<nmßi C). Port Townsend, Seattle.
!^^*&s**3w Tacoma. Everett, Anacorte*
™UftW and New Whatcom (Wash.). It
\ m., Oct. 3. 13. 18, 23. 28. Nor. ,
.--»>. —-» fifth day thereafter, transfer at
h£% p-kV.-'s
VFV F n nr OU Eureka C (Huinbo y i d t Bay). » p. m.. Oct.
1 6 11 1™ 21. 267 S Not. 5. and every fifth
"Vor^Sant^Cni". Monterey. San Simeon,
rfv^eo. Port HaVford (San Luis Obtspo).
Wmmm. •
Har-
,n, n L or l a ° Luis Obtspo). Santa Barbara; Port
'£Br:'KV'h,KA"^\ u Ji
m For h further Information obtain folder.
wlTnou^Te^sTo^^eame^VuV 1^
ar «OKBT OFFICE -* New Montgomery
_ — i ■ — ■■ a
THE 0. R. & N. CO. -
' - • DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
F OItTLAND
■ •> - - From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a.m.
CADC $12 First Class Including Berths
rAnt $8 Second Class and Meals.
Geo. , W. Elder sails Oct. 7. 16. 25. Not. S.
Columbia sails Oct.. 10. 19. ' 28. Nov. 6. '„
State of California sails Oct. 13. 22. 31. Nov. ».
Short line to Walla Walla. " : Spokane .aitte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. Agt nt.
~ E. C. WARD.^eneral^Agent^
. COODALL, PERKINS tVfc^ :
domDagnie Generate Transatlantique,
. . " ° • (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS -^*jj»*
il UU l A 0 N i E) m.. S ?ro^ P^^N^U^^
River foot of Morton street. « •
LA NORMANDIE , Oct. »
LA TOURAINE Nov. 5
LA GASCOGNE Nov. 12
LA CHAMPAGNE .........Nov. 19
LA BRETAGNE .;................ Nov. 28
First-class to Havre $90 and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on, round trip. Second class to
Havre. 145, 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
.T. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents,
6 ■ Montgomery , avenue. San Francisco. .
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEE3.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
Men.. Tuea., Wed.. Thura. and Sat ..»
8:45 a. m., 1:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thor«.»
Friday5............. ......l p. m. and 8:30 p. n> .
6unday»..;;........-..;.;.io:8O a. m. and ! p. «., A
Landing and cfflces— Mission Dock. Pi« »• * "
.'.-■_ T*Upbon« Red 2241.
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY TOO at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO, Clay-street Wharf. Fare to j
San Jose, 50c; round trip. 75c. Delightful Bay _g
Excursions, . Alviso and return, 75c j- Telephony?
Main 1350. > ( : .■. . :\ -. .;. ■.; - . - |i
■ ■.."." .■ . .. -1 ■ '-■ *■.**>& --'BOYS' AND GIRLS' PAGE.
HOP-O'-MY-THUMB
FIGHTS THE OGRES
PART I.
THE true story of how little Hop
u -My-Thumb s«x\td hi nself and
his six brothers when they were
abandoned in the forest; how he
escaped with his brothers from
the Ogre, who wore Seven League
b; and vow he became a rich man
in the service of the King— this you
have already heard. But it must not
be supposed that a person with such
vast cleverness — although so small —
could have had all his adventures re
■l in one book — no, not even if the
b >.>k were larger than any volume you
have ever :-een. I must tell you of an
exploit which has not been heretofore
get ilnwn in any book. As it is strictly
true — a s true as the earlier stories told
of the little celebrity— it will not be
necessaxy to tire you out with an ac
count "! how I learned the new story.
You must recollect that the Ogre who
: have eaten up Hop-o'-My-
Thumb and his brothers was stung to
death by a great serpent while I
upon a rock asleep after Hop-o'-My-
A LETTER IN
THE blume is on the punkin,
The sky is gettin murki,
'Tis time tv quit yure munkin —
Kum hoam an get sum turki; ,
Sum kranbry sorse and fixin,
Some stuffin swcte with sage —
Kno moar with snaiks bee mixin —
Kum hoam an' voat fur Gage.
Thumb had stolen his Seven League
Boots from him.
Now, an Ogre is not born like little
children. He is created by witches or
bad fairies, by charms stolen from the
rattles of snakes, the fangs of wild
beasts and the claws of the terrible
roc — that dreadful bird which figure 3
so much in the stories of the Arabian
Nights. So it happened that although
the < >gre was dead it was possible that
others should be made. The serpent,
after he had stung the Ogre, felt a
numbness sealing through his scaly
length, and he soon fell asleep. He was
found by Malinge, who was probably
the worst of : 1 the witches who have
ever lived.
She was as old as the carth — so she
boasted— although 1 do not believe that
— but it was true that neither great age
nor the arts of all the good and bad
fairies in the world had been able to
affect her in the least. Phe was so
cruel that she often told the Ogres,
who were her friends, where they could
find young girls and little children to
feast upon.
Now, when she saw the serpent she
at once knew that he had killed an
Ogre. Without hesitation she cut off
the serpent's head and tail and took
them away with her to her home in the
Iron Forest. There she made a great
fire, dropping into it to make it hotter
the sting of a tarantula, the tongue of
a Gila monster, the poison sac of a
rattlesnake, the fangs of a fierce wolf,
the claws - a grizzly and the cruel
jaws of a monstrous lion.
Over the nre she suspended a pot
made of Iron, which she filled to the
brim with the juices of all the poison
weeds in the wot Id. Then she was
ready to throw in the head and tail
of the serpent. High in the air
the horrible steam from this dreadful
caldron arose, and forest tix.s fell
down as it touched them, for the hor
ror of what the witch was about to do.
And all the wild beasts of the forest
fled shrieking from the place for horror.
Then Malinge sang a weird song, in
■which she called upon the sun to shine
no more upon that forest until from the
po{ should be made an army of Ogres,
each one to be* the most terrible and
ferocious ever seen. The sun disap
peared at her words. In its place came
out the moon — blood red and so huge
that it filled all the sky.
"And I call upon you, O moon,"
shrieked the hag, "to hide in the earth
until my ugres be full grown."
Wide iii yawned the ocean and
buried the moon out of sight; and it
was aeon no more in the forest for
many years, during which the trees of
the Iron Forest turned into real iron,
and every limb was a sharpened pike
which all beasts and birds that
came that way were mercilessly im
paled, so that none escaped alive. Night
and day through the place rose dismal
sounds of woe and fear and none, how,
ever bravo, dared to go near the forest
of perpetual darkness and universal
ruin— as it was often named.
In the darkness the steam of the iron
pot continually rose and was turned
into poison dew. From every drop an
Ogre was bred. Once alive there were
none to disturb the dreadful brood and
they were left to grow to their full
stature and ferocity unmolested
The good King grew old and died In
his place his son, the young Prince
Faithful reigned, with his lovely Prin
cess Merciful. They had a beautiful
palace to live in, furnished with every
thing that they could desire. Their
happiness was complete when a little
daughter, as fair as the moon, was
given to them. The early days of this
child were passed in peace and perfect
bliss.
But one dreadful day the Old Witch,
who had caused the Ogres to be bred,
came to the palace and stood, unin
vited, before the Prince and Princess
and demanded of them that she should
give her their little child.
"My Ogres are hungry." said the
Witch. "They really want many more
children; but they have told me to say
that they wiU be satisfied for the pre?
ent if you will give me your little
daughter. If you refuse I will take
away every other child in your king
dom this very night. Choose what you
will do."
Saying this the Witch disappeared in
md of smoke, and did not reappear
until the sun was about to set. All
the day the Prince and Princess had
been counseling .with their wise men.
None uiuld advise them except Hop
o'-My-Thumb.
"The little daughter of the Prince
must go," boldly declared Hop-o'-My-
Thumb. "It is better that she should
die than that all the children of the
kingdom should perish."
He was interrupted by the heart
breaking cries of the Princess, who
could not consent to the death of her
only child, her little 'darling. But the
Prince was as good as he was brave,
and his sense of duty was superior to
his selfishness.
"It must be as Hop-o'-My-Thumb
RHYME FROM
THE "Gote hill" band is walin,
A weepin an lamentin;
The verry gotes is falin,
Kause yew abroad air tentin.
Kno moar the drums is beetin,
Kno moar is war the rage;
Ower chikins air wuth eetin —
Kum hoam an' voat fur Gag«.
says," he finally ruled; "and I pray
that with this dreadful loss the Witch
and the Oeres may be appeased and
that the kingdom may no longer be me
naced."
Tffiere was no disputing the royal
edict. The Princess threw her fond
arms around her little daughter, nor
would she release her hold until the
Witch came to claim her weeping prey
for the Ogres. Then the Princess was
brave and restrained her tears that the
Prince might not find the parting with
their child harder than he could bear.
The child was carried away amid the
lamentations of the entire kingdom.
Only the brave and just Prince and
Princess were calm when the awful
separation was actually brought about.
The Prince was now addressed by
Hop-o'-My-Thumb.
. "We could not combat the Witch
when she was here," he said, "but we
shall not be helpless to fight
the army of Ogres if only there are
among us fifty knights brave enough to
follow me. It has been told me by a
good fairy that when you unselfishly
gave up your child for the good of your
people, O ii.ustrious and virtuous
Prince, that the reign of the Witch was
ended forever. We -eed dread her no
more after she has crossed a stream of
running water that lies between us and
the Iron Forest."
"But what do you propose to do with
fifty knights?" interrupted the Prince.
"I will invade the Iron ForeU and try
BOLDLY HOP-O'-MY-THUMB AND HIS KNIGHTS CROSStD THL BRIDGE TO ENTER THE FOREST.
to bring back the little girl and, suc
ceeding in that, to destroy the Ogres,
who are now an army in number. If
we fail we will see you no more alive."
The situation was desperate and the
Prince was sorely perplexed at the idea
of sending out fifty knights to_ almost
certain death; but all the kmghts of
the kingdom, lurning with a desire to
distinguish themselves by their valor,
with loud acclulm begged to be allowed
to go forth upon this service for the
THE PAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY", OCTOBER 23, 1898.
sake of their beloved Prince and Prin
cess and for the general welfare. At
last the Prince consented and named
Hop-o'-My-Thumb as the leader of the
expedition. Little Hop-o'-My-Thumb
was overcome with gratitude at this
mark of favor and confidence and
seized the Prince's right hand and im
printed up.n it a fervent kiss. No time
was wasted in starting for the Iron
Forest. Hop-o'-My-Thumb led the way
with sword in hand.
Hardly had the knights crossed the
bridge over the running stream of
water which margined the forest when
it fell, sinkin. with a hornoie crash.
Now the knights were in dense dark
ness and could no longer go on until
Hop-o'-My-Thumb, availing himself of
a secret which he had been taught by
a good fairy, struck boldly upon one of
the trees of iron with his sword and
said in a loud voice:
"A curse be ever upon you if you fail
me now."
Those were the words employed by
the Witch when she turned the trees to
iron and they had the same power now
over the iron forest as they had when
they were uttered by the Witch. For
the tree sent out a shower of sparks
and swayed against its neighbor, which
in turn when it was struck, flashed
fire. Soon thousands of trees were
thrashing against each other and emit
ting sparks — so that the knights had
an awful but sufficient light to see the
Ogres. The sound of the trees which,
once in motion, could not stop, was as
if a legion of giants were beating upon
shields incessantly with great battle
axes. Notwithstanding this, by magic
the knights were able to hee.r the voice
of Hop-o'-My-Thumb as he gave or
ders.
The Ogres v.*ere the strangest and
most terrible army that has ever been
seen on earth. They were scores and
scores and each was many feet high.
They had only one eye each, and that
exactly in the middle of the forehead,
like the Cyclops of whom you have
read. Their legs and arms were as
thick thro.;h as trunks of stout trees.
YOUR AUNTIE
THE sirkuss is a kummin.
Yule heer the band a playin,
Then fun will bee a hummin,
No use uv longer stay in.
Kum see the Ro-do-den-din
Purform upon the stage —
The De-mo-krat wire bendin —
Kum hoam an' voat fur Gage.
Each Ogre was armed with a huge
club, studded with cruel iron spikes.
Altogether this was a terrific and awe
inspiring sight and several of the brave
knights, seeing only destruction ahead,
turned to go back, but Hop-o'-My-
Thumb commanded them to stand.
"Do not this day discredit the colors
of your Prince, whose champions you
are. Do not fail to prove your own
valor."
The few who would have turned back
were ashamed at these words and
asked to bo led at once against the
Ogres. D. H. W.
(To be concluded next week.)
THE YOUNG JOKERS.
"I don't understand things," said
Willie, gazing at the elephant. "Here's
this elephant that can't read growing
two beautiful big paper cutters right
out of his mouth."
"Johnny, I see you have taken more
cake than I said you might have."
"Yes, mother, I made believe there was
another little boy spending the day
with me."
Lady Visitor — What a pretty baby.
How old is he?
Mamie (aged s)— l ain't quite sure,
mum. We've had him about a year.
"Bobby, you must not talk when I am
talking."
"Well, mamma, you don't 'spose I can
wait till you've gone t' bed."
EDITED BY
DAVID
H.
WALKER
THE ESCAPE
OF THE CREW.
UNCLE BENS story, telling how
the crew of the schooner Nancy
Bell were saved, was even
stranger than that concerning
the loss of the vessel.
"It was hard luck to be out in a boat,
so many of us, without food or provis
ions and with little reason for hope,"
said Uncle Ben. "One terrible tropic
day we fought against maddening thirst
and hunger, while the blazing sun
burned us pitilessly. When night came
on we were in despair. But Dan
Cheever, who was as sharp-eyed as a
lynx, just before midnight made out a
low, rakish vessel, which was passing
us at a distance of perhaps a mile. The
moon was new, but gave enough light
for Dan to make sure.
" 'Ahoy, aho-o-o-y!' we all yelled in
chorus.
" 'Who and where are you?' came
back over the waves.
"To make this part of the story short
we were rescued by the crew of the
schooner Dove, which lay to until we
could reach her. When we were fairly
aboard we all wondered if we had not
stepped 'out of the frying-pan into the
fire," so to speak. If ever a vessel car
ried a crew upon whose faces 'pirate'
\v;is plainly written that was the crew.
They were hard citizens, and no mis
take. They made no show of'conceal
ment. Wt> were called aft and there
saw the captain. His name was Brod
riff. He asked no questions excepting
this:
" "If you had your choice of walking
the plank into the ocean to-night or be
coming pirates which would you
choose?'
"I spoke for the party and said that
of course we would rather be pirates.
That pleased the old cutthroat, and he
even remarked that we were the mwt
businesslike people he had ever met,
and he had no doubt but that with
practice' and education we would do
very well. The Dove arrived next day
at an island which I have never seen
laid down on any chart. It was one
mass of rocks, abounding in caves, and
in these caves thp pirates lived when
on shore and hid their ill-gotten treas
ures. We were allowed to ga where
we pleased on shore, but were not al
lowed to carry pistols. As all the oth
ers were armed we knew that the pi
rates did not trust us.
COAXING THE
OLE Si's been made a kaptin.
His sord's as sharp's a spindle;
Sam is a gay lootenant,
While Jaik's a Jigadieer Brindle.
Kum see us at Thanksgivin,
Our valor tew assuage,
With cutlass carvin dumplins —
Kum hoam an' voat fur Gage.
"They found ways to make us useful.
We had to bring wood for the fires and
were compelled to cook and to v.ork
like slaves for the pirates. But none
of us grumbled. A week passed, when
one day Cutthroat Brodnff sighted a
sail, which he made out through his
glass to be a merchant vessel. We
on the Dove in a jiffy and off in a
stern chase after the stranger, which
we overhauled early that afternoon.
The Dove carried three cannon of small
size and old-fashioned make, and these
were loaded and manned. t
"Brodriff set a signal calling upon
the stranger to lay to. The request was
obeyed. Brodriff put off in his boat
with ten as ugly looking fellows as ever
I expect to see. In the bow
of the boat was a howitzer, which
was hidden from view by can
vas. It was all ready to be used, and it
soon came into service in sa unexpect
ed way. Brodriff and six of his fellow
scoundrels went upon the deck of the
supposed peaceful merchantman. Hard
ly were they there when pistol shots
rang out. The merchantman was carry
ing a troop of soldiers from one South
American port to another at,a distance
where a revolution was in progress.
"The master of the merchantman
knew the Dove as soon as he put eyes
on her. He ordered the soldiers below,
that Brodriff might be trapped, and the
pirate had stepped into the trap with
his eyes open. There was a hot fight
on the deck of the Valparaiso, which
was the name of the merchantman, but
it did not last long. The pirates were
so greatly outnumbered that four of
the rascals jumped overboard. Brod
riff had been killed at the first fire. The
men who jumped overboard found that
their boat had departed. All that they
could do was to swim after her. Not
one escaped. Sharks caught them all.
"The first officer of the Dove was for
sailing away and leaving the men in
the boat to their fate, but the other
pirates refused to permit him to de
part until their comrades could be
taken on board. Meanwhile the mer
chantman had put up her helm and
was bearing down upon us. We could
see that her deck was fairly alive with
Boldiers?, but we also discovered that
the Valparaiso had no cannon on board.
"The pirates were good marksmen.
The fire from their old-fashioned can
non annoyed the merchantman not a
little, but the captain was plucky and
kept on. The water was still heaving
and this prevented the pirates from
placing a ball below the Valparaiso's
waterline, although her hull was
struck half a dozen times.
"To the surprise of all the pirates the
four men in the boat uncovered their
howitzer and began to fire at the Dove.
They were men who had been forced to
be pirates and they took their chance
to strike a blow for their own free
dom. The Dove's first officer roared
with rage as he ordered the wheel up.
All the pirates were ready enough to
go now. There was a chance that the
Dove might escape. We saw this with
regret.
"The pirates were so angry that they
did not seem to notice that Dan
Cheever and 'l were talking together
in a low tone. Dan had a sheath-knife
in his belt. With one strong stroke he
slashed the main halyards in two. The
Dove was a fore and after. Down
came her mainsail on the run. Sev
eral pirates rushed toward Dan. I took
the chance to slash the fore halyards.
The result was that the Dove so far
lost her headway that the Valparaiso
soon came in rifle range and poured in
a deadly fire at the men who were
serving the guns, driving them off. All
the time the men in the long boat were
using the howitzer with great effect.
"The pirates, seeing that they were
beaten, thought only of revenge and
rushed toward us, where we had gath
ered aft in a body. Luckily their aim
was bad. Three of our men went down,
wounded. The remainder were in fight
ing mood and we found that we were
the equals of the pirates in a hand to
hand encounter, with knives, belaying
pins, capstan bars and such.
"It was give and take freely. I was
knocked down once with the butt of a
pistol, but managed to pull down the
man who struck me and Dan Cheever
disposed of him before he could deal a
second blow. To that I owe my life.
Blood flowed freely on both sides. We
held our own for a time. Then we were
reinforced by the soldiers who swarmed
into our rigging and over the side, and
the fight was ended in a few minutes
later.
"The soldiers had no mercy on the pi
rates. One and all were hanged before
sundown— all except the four who had
used the howitzer in the boat. We were
taken by the merchant vessel to a port
in Peru and there were landed. The
American Consul heard our story and
sent us home after awhile. But I think
that we were entitled to believe that we
had two close calls on one trip. Don't
you?"
We all agreed with Uncle Ben. The
veteran of many adventures was
pleased with our verdict.
TWO LITTLE
CiRL FRiENDS
HOW it rains, mother!" said
( ary Mason, as she glanced at
her mother lying on a squalid
bed of straw. The room was
poor, yet scrupulously clean.
"Mrs. Rogers and her little girl wjll
not come to-day, I fear."
BUMPKINS TO
WELE hay sum nutts an' kandi.
Sum orringes an' rasens.
Sum pop karn will be handy,
Tew fit the best of saysuns.
Wele listen tew the stori,
Now writ on histry's page,
Of viktry and Ole Glory —
Kum hoam an' voat fur Gage.
"How can you expect them on such
a day as this, Cary?" said Mrs. Mason
in a tone of reproof.
A soft knock was heard at the door
and Gary fle%v to open It.
"Oh, Mrs. Rogers! Miss May!"
cried Cary in delight. "How kind of
you to come!"
"How are you to-day, Mrs. Mason?"
"It is only for Cary I live."
"Do not fear for Cary," said Mrs.
Rogers in a low voice; "she shall live
with me and be May's sister."
Meantime, May said to Cary: "When
I came In you called me Miss May.
Please do not do so again. Call me
May, for we are both the same age, and
— wait one moment." Before Cary could
speak she was out of the room, but soon
returned, tugging a large basket after
her. Cary ran to her and assisted her
So the old rickety table was brought
out and stood in the center of the room.
"I really am ashamed, May, but we
haven't any table cloth."
"Oh, don't worry about that, Cary, for
I have one in the basket."
Soon the table was set.
"Now, mamma, dear, let me help you
over to your chair, and then we will
give you a free ride," laughed Cary.
When the meal was finished Mrs.
Rogers called Cary to her and said:
"Cary, your mamma and I have been
talking it over together, and have de
cided that you and she will move from
here next Monday to "
"Where? Oh, where?" said Cary, in
an excited voice.
"Patience is a virtue," laughed Mrs.
Rogers. "But I'll not try yours now.
You are going to move to my house and
be May's sister."
"Oh, it can't be true that such happi
ness should be for me!"
"But* it is, dear," said May, coming
forward; "and I will come and see you
every day until you come and make me
your visit, which is to last as long as
we live."
When they were gone Cary went to
her mother and said: "Dear mother, al
though it has rained all day, we have
had our ray of sunshine."
THE MOUSE THAT
WENT TO SCHOOL
BY FLOYD SMITH.
AS Willie Brown walked to school
that hot summer day he kept
thinking of the mouse he had in
his schoolbag. Willie was very
careful of his bag that morning
and he laid It all alone in the corner
with only two things in it— his arith
metic and the mouse.
Willie worked away patiently at
grammar until fifteen minutes to 11,
when the teacher said, "Class, take
your arithmetics and work some-exam
ples." Then Willie very coolly told her
that his arithmetic was in his bag. The
teacher told him to go and get it.
He walked toward the corner slowly
and picked up the bag. The strings
seemed to be tied in a very hard knot
and Willie patiently tugged at them.
"William Brown," rang out the shrill
voice of the teacher; "when are you
going to get your bag open?"
"The strings are tied in a very hard
knot," answered Willie.
"Bring it here and I will open it,"
said the teacher.
THE CRITICAL MOMENT WHEN THE MOUSE MADE HIS DEBUT.
This was not what Willie had ex
pected, and he reluctantly brought up
the bag.
The teacher laid it on the desk be
fore her and proceeded to open !t. Sev
eral times she stopped to scold the
children who were watching her. At
last the strings were untied and she
was just going to take the book out
when James Gray said:
"I can't do this example."
"Bring it here," replied the teacher,
and she proceeded to explain it. Then
James went to his seat.
The waiting caused awful suspense
to poor Willie Brown. At last, after
glancing around the room, the teacher
pulled the book out and there on top
of it sat the mouse. As soon as it
saw the teacher it jumped to the floor
and ran right toward the girls' side of
the room.
The teacher jumped on top of her
desk, and with her clothes wrapped
about her she screamed in fright. The
girls, jumping up on their seats,
screamed and yelled:
"O-o-o-o-o-h!" and "A mouse!"
The teacher in the next room heard
the noise and came in. but as soon as
she understood what had caused the
confusion she ran back quickly and
shut the door.
Meanwhile the mouse had mysteri
ously disappeared, and no one but him
self knew where he was.
He had entered through a hole in the
corner of Lizzie Young's lunch basket,
and when inside he considered himself
safe and sat down to think over the
events of the past few moments.
"Those people must be cowards,"
thought he,, "to be afraid of a little
thing like me, when one of them might
easily kill me by stepping on me, but
oh, I smell some cheese. I wonder if
it was put in here for me?" So Mr.
Mouse was soon nibbling at Lizzie
Young's cheese and crackers.
But to return to the school children.
COME HOME TO
BRING hum sum Krissmus present,
Things tew put in a stockin;
Of koarse they must bee plesunt,
An' not tew drefful shockin.
But sumthin fine and furrin,
Sumthin that there's the rage,
Sumthin that will surprise vs —
Kum hoam an' voat fur Gage.
They were all standing on top of their
desks, except the boys, who were chas
ing imaginary mice about the room.
One of them opened the door and said
that the mouse ran out. Order was
soon restored, but occasionally some
one would cry, "There he goes!" and
instantly every girl and even the
teacher would be standing on their
seats.
At last, at a quarter to 12, the chil
dren got their hats and lunch baskets
(for th.ey could do as they pleased dur
ing the last quarter of an hour;, and
began talking about that mouse.
Lizzie Young, being one of the oldest,
was right in the midst of the girls, and
suddenly she dropped her lunch basket.
The mouse ran out and cries of "I got
him!" "There he goes!" and "There he
isn't!" went up from the boys, and the
giris jumped on the desks that were
near by. In the midst of the confu
sion the bell rang for if o'clock.
The doors of the next room were
thrown open and the mouse seeing a
chance of escape rushed in and instant
ly there Mas a scramble for the tops
of the desks. The teacher ran out of
the door and shut it. The mouse ran
about for a while, creating the usual
confusion, and at last went through a
knothole under the house.
The teachers met and told the chil
dren that there would be no more
school that afternoon, as the mouse had
scared them so that they could not be
quiet at their lessons. The real cause
of the dismissal was that the teachers
themselves were afraid of the mouse.
Willie Brown went fishing with
James Gray that afternoon and caught
* nice mess of fish and returned to
school the next day very happy.
When he went into the room he re
ceived very black looks from the two
teachers. The children all went into
one room and received a lecture for
their conduct of the day before. Wil
lies teacher began with "I never was
so surprised at the conduct of my boys.
If they were at all brave they would
have ended the trouble at once, but
they were afraid to touch the mouse.
If I had had a chance to catch it I
would have done so, but I didn't get
the least chance. Boys, you would
never do for soldiers if you had to go
to war. All I have to say is that you
surprised me very much by your con
duct."
The other teacher took the stand then
and said: "When I saw the way you
boys acted yesterday I never was so
astonished in my life. I always con
sidered all boys brave, but I will not
consider them quite so brave in the fu
ture. I did not even see the mouse;
but if I had I would soon have ended
his career. You all ought to be pun
ished, especially the boy who brought
the mouse to school."
Willie Brown had never thought that
such a fuss would be made over .such
a little thing as a mouse. You may
feel assured he never brought another
one to school, but he often smiled when
he saw that the mouse lived happily on
the crusts of bread which the children
threw under the schoolhouse after they
had finished their lunches.
THE STORY OF
THE FITCH ER
BY ETHEL H. WYSHAM.
I AM one of a set of china. In our
set are four cups, four saucers,
four plates, the teapot and myself.
I am the milk pitcher. We belong
to little Fanny Willis. We were
given to Fanny on her seventh birth
day by her Aunt Alice. Fanny is now
eight years old, so she has had us a
year. We are made of a fine china —
white inside and pink outside. On the
outside of us are little white flowers
with green leaves. Fanny's aunt sent
us from New York, which is where she
lives.
We were made in Paris and placed in
a little old china shop for sale. The
keeper of the shop was a little old man
with a gray beard, whom people called
a wizard. When he received us he ex
amined us very closely through his
spectacles, shook his head and said we
were a very pretty set, and then put
us in the window for sale. A great many
people passed the window and looked
in at us. Some pointed us out to others
and said:
"Is not that a pretty set of china?"
But few ever came into the shop, and
those that did, seemed to be after an
tique vases and old dishes, and so we
remained unsold for more than a year.
One day a gentleman came into the
shop and asked to see the pink china
set which was in the window. The old
man took us out of the window and
showed us to him and the gentleman
seemed to take a fancy to us, for he
immediately concluded to buy us.
The old man put us under his arm,
carried us to the house where he lived.
He then examined every piece of us
closely, wrapped us up again and placed
us in the bottom of his trunk under a
pile of clothes. In a few days the
trunk was taken on shipboard and we
crossed the ooean to America. Then
we were placed in a large china store
in New York, of which the man who
had bought us was the proprietor.
When we had been there about a month
CALIFORNIA
THIS is orl at this ritin —
I hoap yule lyke my speiiti —
This leter will go kitin
Tew Hyhere yew air now dwellin
And fitein like a banty.
lie sine rite on this page .'
Yure ever luvin Auntie —
P. S. — Kum voat fur Gage,
a lady and a little girl came into the
store. The lady was Fanny's Aunt
Alice, and the little girl was her niece;
but, of course, I did not know it then.
So she bought ub for Fanny and then
she bought a blue china set for her
little daughter Daisy.
The day before Fanny's birthday her
Aunt Alice and little Daisy tcok the
train to Philadelphia, which was where
Fanny and her mother and father lived.
They had come to stay a week, and on
Fanny's birthday we were presented to
her. Fanny was delighted with us and
thanked her aunt a great many times.
She had a large party on her birthday
and a great many handsome presents,
but I believe she liked us best, because
we were from Paris.
So Fanny has had us a year now and
she has kept us as nice as she could
keep us, and I like my little owner very
much. So I have told my story and It
is time that I should stop, which I
will do.
"Say, pa, lemme take your cyclome
ter, won't you?"
"Certainly not. What do you want it
for?"
"Aunt Jane's got hay fever, an' I
want to see if she can't break th'
sneezin' record."
3132
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
First Baptist Church, Eddy street,
JoneB— Rev. E. A. Woods.
Morning— "The Cross a Burden Or a Glory."
Evening— "What and Where Is Hell?
Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street.
Twenty-third— Rev. J. G. Gibson.
Morning— "Cast Me Not Away."
—"If Any Man Thirst."
Evening
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street, near
Stelner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock. Evening-
Sermon and divine service at 7:45 o clock.
St Agnes Church, Masonic avenue, between
Page and Oak streets— Rev. William P.
Kirby.
Morning— High maas and sermon,
ing— Vespers and benediction.
Even-
Bt. Charles Borromeo, Eighteenth and Shot-
well streets — Father P. J. Cummins.
Morning— High mass and sermon by one
of the priests of the community. Evening
— Sermon and vespers.
St. Brendan's, Fremont and
streets— Father Nugent.
Morning— High mass and sermon,
ing — Vespers.
Even-
fit. Brlgld's, Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way—Father Cottle.
Morning— Sermon on the Gospel. Evening
— Sermon, vespers and benediction.
Church of Corpus Chrlstl, Alemany
Croke streets— Salesian Fathers,
Morning— High mass and sermon by Father
Cassinl. Evening— 4 o'clock, vespers, ser-
mon and benediction.
St. Charles. Twenty-fourth and Shotwell
streets — Father Cummings.
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
ing — \ espers and sermon.
St. Dominic's, Bush and Stelner
Rev. Plus Murphy.
Morning— High mass at 11 o'clock. Even-
ing — Rosary and procession in honor of
the Virgin.
St. Franois, Vallejo street and Montgomery
avenue— Father Carraher.
Morning — High mass and sermon at 11
o'clock. Evening — Vespers, sermon and
benediction.
All Hallows. Sixteenth avenue and N
— R«v. D. O. Sullivan.
Morning— High mass and Bermon at 11
o'clock. Evening— Vespers.
Bt. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and
■treet— Jesuit Fathers.
Morning — Sermon at the 10:30 o'clock mass
by the Rev. Father Saxdl, S. J. Evening
—Sermon by Rev. Henry Woods on
"Apostolic Succession."
St. James, Twenty-third and
streets— Father P. R. Lynch.
Guerrero
Morning— High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the parish. Evening— Ves-
pers, benediction and a sermon.
Bt. Joseph's, Tenth street, near
Father P. Scanlan.
-High mass and sermon on the
of the day. Evening — Vespers.
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
O*Farrell street— Rev. J. J. Prendergast,
V. G.
and sermon at 11
srmon, vespers and
St. Mary's Church. California and
streets— Paulist Fathers.
Morning— High mass at 11 o'clock. Even-
ing — Vespers, sermon and benediction.
St. Patrick's, Mission street, near
Father Gray.
Morning — High mass and a sermon on the
Gospel. Evening — Vespers, benediction
and sermon.
St. Paul's, Twenty-ninth
streets— Father Connolly.
and
Morning — High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
ing — Sermon and vespers.
fits. Peter and Paul, Filbert and Dupont
streets— Salesian Fathers.
Morning — Sermon In Italian by one of the
priests of the community. Evening — Ser-
mon and vespers.
•
St Peter's, Alabama street, near Twenty-
fourth— Father P. S. Casey.
Morning— Sermon on the Gospel. Evening-
Vespers, benediction and sermon.
Bt. Rose's, Brannan street, near
Father Nugent.
Morning— High mass and sermon. Evening
— Vespers and benediction.
Star of the Sea, Seventh avenue and
Lobos avenue— Father Coyle.
Morning — Sermon and high mass at 10:30
o'clock. Evening — Sermon by the pastor.
St. Teresa's, Tennessee and Butte
Rev. P. C. O'Connell.
Morning — High mass and sermon. Evening
— Vespers, benediction and sermon.
Our Lady of Victories, Bush street,
Stockton— Marist Fathers.
Morning— Celebration of the patronal feast
of the community; solemn high mass and
sermon by Father Guilbert at 11 o'clock.
Evening — Solemnization of benediction
and concluding services of the feast.
irst Christian, Mission and
—Rev. F. S. Ford.
lorning— Sermon at U by Private H. H.
Hubbell of the Fifty-first Iowa Volunteers.
Evening— Sermon by the rector on "Chris-
tian Life."
West Side Christian, Bush street,
Devisadero— Rev. D. A. Russell.
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock. Evening
— Sermon and instruction by the rector.
Bethany Congregational, Bartlett street,
near Twenty-fifth— Rev. W. C. Pond.
Morning— Sermon by Rev. M. A. Vf. Hare.
Evening — Sermon by Professor R. R.
Lloyd.
Bethlehem Congregational. Vermont street,
near Twenty-fourth— Rev. W. H. Tubb.
Morning — "Examine Yourself Whether Ye
Be in the Faith." Evening— "What Are
These Which Are Arrayed in White
Robes?"
Richmond Congregational, Seventh av
and Clement street— Rev. P. Coombe.
Morning — "A Heavenly Vision and Its Re-
sults." Evening— "The Love From Which
Nothing Can Separate Us."
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth
Noe streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
and
Morning— "Christianity and Crime." Even-
ing — "Religious' Unrest."
First Congregational, Post
streets— Rev. G. C. Adams.
and
I Morning— Sermon at 11 o'clock by the rec-
tor. Evening— Song service and recital of
prayer.
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street.
Mission— Rev. William Rader.
Morning — "The Man and His Vote." Even-
ing— "Theosophy— Is It Christian?"
Plymouth Congregational Post street, near'
Webster" — Rev. F. B. Cherington.
Morning — Services at 11 o'clock; Sunday
school at 9:30; sermon by Rev. Mr. Bur-
well of Palo Alto. Evening — Sermon by
same.
Church of the Advent, Eleventh street.
Market— Rev. J. A. Emery.
Morning — Sermon by the rector. Evening —
I Song service.
Graee Episcopal, California and Stockton
streets— Rev. R, C. Foute.
[orning— Communior
Evening— Festival
sermon.
n service at 11 o'clock.
Bervice, followed by
St. Luke's. Van Ness avenue and Clay
street— Rev. W. H. Moreland.
Morning — Sermon and communion service.
Evening — Sermon and prayer service.
St Cornelius Chapel, Presidio
—Rev. D. O. Kelley.
service for the soldiers,
n and instruction.
St. John the Evangelist, Fifteenth street,
near Valencia— Rev. E. B. Spalding.
Morning — Divine service and sermon at 11.
Evening — Sermon by the pastor.
St. Mary the Virgin, Union and Stelner
streets— Rev. H. Parrish.
Morning — Mass and holy communion at 7:30
o'clock; high mass and Bermon at 11.
Evening — Evensong and sermon at 8.
St. Peter's Episcopal, Stockton and Filbert
streets— Rev. M. D. Wilson.
Morning— Holy communion at 7:80; morning
prayer at 11 o'clock. Evening — Sermon by
the rector.
St. Paul's Episcopal, California street, near
Fllimore— Rev. W. Maxwell Reilly.
[orning — Communion at 7:30 o'clock, follow-
ed by litany service and sermon by the
rector. Evening — Song service and ser-
mon.
Trinity Episcopal, Bush and Gough streets
—Rev. H. C. Cooke.
Morning — Holy communion at 11 o'clock.
Evening— Sermon and instruction.
German Evangelical Emmanuel Church,
Twelfth and Stevenson streets — Rev. F.
W. Fischer.
Morning— "Jesus Being Absent In Dark-
ness." Evening — "The Healing of the
Cripple at Bethesda."
First English Lutheran, Geary street, near
Gough— Rev. E. Nelander.
Morning— "The Parable of the Wedding
Feast." Evening— "Messiah's Kingdom
Foretold."
California Street M. E. Church. California
and Broderick streets — Frederic C. Lee.
: Morning— "Come and See." Evening— "True
j Freedom."
Bethel African M. E. Church, Powell street,
near Jackaon — Rev. W. B. Anderson.
Morning — "The Permanent Power of Elo-
quence." ■ Evening— "Our New Name or
Confidential Relations."
Central Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion street, between Fifth and Sixth— Rev.
C. E. Locke.
Morning — "Life Up a Standard for the
People." Evening— "Is the World Getting
Better?"
First M. E. Church, Powell and Wash-
ington Streets— Rev. W. S. Urmy.
Morning — Sermon by the rector.
— Song service and sermon.
Evening
Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church, Fifteenth
avenue south and P street — Rev. H.
Pearce.
Morning — Divine service at 11 o'clock. Even-
ing—Sermon, followed by religious In-
struction.
Grace Methodist Episcopal, Twenty-first
and Capp streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
Morning — "The Essential Revelation of
God." Evening— "The Death of the Proto-
Martyr."
Howard Street M. E. Church (Strangers'
Home), Howard street, near Third— Rev.
J. A. B. Wilson.
.. v
Morning — Sermon at 11 o'clock by the rector
on "Unsearchable Riches; Are They Worth
Seeking?" Sunday school, 12:30 o'clock;
Junior League, 5 o'clock, open air meet-
ing. Evening — Sermon, answering ques-
tion, "Has Christianity Anything to Of-
fer a Young Man Compensation for Ser-
vice Required ?"
i .'.
I
Potrero M. E. Church, Tennessee and
Streets— Rev. D. W. Chllson.
Morning— Sabbath service at 11. Evening
— Sermon and instruction at 8 o'clock by
the pastor.
Richmond Methodist, Fourth avenue and
Clement street — Rev. G. W. Beatty.
Morning— Services «t 11. Evening— Prayer
service, followed by sermon.
Centenary M. E. Church, Bush street, be-
tween Gough and Octavia — Rev. C. R.
Riddick.
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening-
Same.
Epworth M. E. Church, Church and Twe
ty-sixth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
i by the rector at 11 o'clock.
on, followed by prayer ser-
Simpson Memorial M. E. Church, Hay<
and Buchanan streets— Rev. J. Stephens.
•. A. C. Bane, the
irmon by same.
Starr King A. M. E. Zlon Church. Stockton
street, near Clay— Rev. F. Brann.
Morning— "Christian Affection." Evening—
"The Grandeur and Sublimity of God's
Natural Creation."
Franklin Street Presbyterian, Franklin and
Vallejo streets — Rev. D. James.
Morning— "The Lord's Hand In Everyday
Life." Evening— "Spiritual Education by
Life's Circumstances."
Calvary Presbyterian, Geary and Powell
streets— Rev. J. Hemphill.
! Morning— Sermon by Willis G. White of Col-
ton. Evening — Same.
First Presbyterian Church, Van Ness ave-
nue and Sacramento street— Rev. R Mac-
kenzie.
Morning— Sermon by the rector at the 11
o'clock service; Sunday school at 12:46.
Evening— T. P. B. C. E. at 6:16; sermon at
7:80 by the pastor on "The Primrose of
Our Youth."
First United Presbyterian,
avenue and Polk street.
Golden
Morning— Divine service at 11 o'clock. Evan-
Ing— Sermon and the recital of prayer.
St. John's Presbyterian, California and
Octavla streets— Rev. R. Liddell.
Morning— Sermon by H. A. Marshall.
Lebanon Presbyterian Church, Sanchez and'
Twenty-third streets— Rev. R. W. Rey-
nolds.
! Morning— Sermon by Professor Thomas F.
Day. t>. D., of San Anselmo Seminary.
Evening— Same.
Trinity Presbyterian. Twenty-third and
Capp streetB — Rev. A. N. Carson.
Morning— Service* at 11 o'clock. Evening—
Sermon by the rector.
Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth street
and Railroad avenue — Rev. H. N. Bevler.
: Morning— "Steps In the Godly Life." Even-
I ing— "The Ten Virgins."
Mispah Presbyterian, Harrison street, near!
Fifth— Rev. F. A. Doane.
Morning— Divine service and sermon at 11
o'clock. Evening— Sermon and instruction
by the rector.
-._ - '
Howard Presbyterian. Oak and
streets— Rev. F. R. Farrand.
. Morning — Sermon by the rector. Evening —
| Same.
Stewart Memorial U. P. Church,
street, near Twenty-third— Rev.
Dugan.
Morning— "Thirsting for God." Evening—
"God's Workshop."
Westminster Presbyterian, Page and Web-
ster streetSr-Rev. S. S. Cryor.
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Ei
Sermon and instruction by same.
First Unitarian, Geary and
—Rev. Dr. Stebbino.
:?*
vine serv
evening i
school at 10 o'clock; di-
ll. Evening— There Is ao
Sa this ohurcb.
'■ -'
■ ■■■ ■
■ :
■
..:.■■
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1898.
HALES. j
iOOOOOOOOOOOOC
i , . ■ we are recognized leaders in - why not get "the best there is" from our mail Thanksgiving's coming: get our
■;} ':'-. i \ domestics— especially linens. order dept? city styles show individuality ! . prices on sheetings, linens, bedding.
i v t<\ \ v ykf^'alr* mm /Bil we believe the woman : is best»satisfied who thoroughly looks
\\^ A \ \\ round before she buys :
\ T WlJ\^^^^. % . /^r we believe that women do believe in advertised goods— they've ,
\lk iji^^ Jh LV\ got a way of telling values : v
/ 'Hft— . .^r~^?* fe ** € y^ ;A.A \ we believe in -" good goods" put on sale when % they are sea-
/ CJ-7/ l^JiifeiiF^ Wy7 I sonable and marked reasonable:
( -^^ ^ i we believe in guaranteeing everything as represented: we value
l^ — C i. f//>//<<l^ ' <///>ni -— v t your steady day-by-day trade, that's why Hale!s.grows sol
pl^nir 27 Scotch mixed reefers for child-
v»lv»ctxi. ren, large sailor collar, trimmed
• /!««+• with fancy braid, double breast-
UGpi ed, all sizes. ............ £A
ladles' black kersey double-breasted Jacket,
box front, strap seams, turn over collar,
four rows silk stitching around Jacket,
' lined with silk rhadame, per- «!♦ **r ■ SA
feet in fit, sizes 32 to 44.... tj> C •tJ\J
black brocaded taffeta skirts lined and
bound in all lengths, perfect in fit, CIA
latest tJ>IV
ask to see
our
dollar
glove
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.— Continued.
Second Unitarian, Twentieth and
streets— Rev. A. J. Wells.
Morning-— "The Relations and Potencies of
the Soul." Evening— "Taking Sides."
First Church of Christ, Scientist, 223 Sutter Morning— "Everlasting Punishment." Even-
gtreet— The Bible and Science and Health, ing— "The Prophet's Vision of the Su-
With Key to the Scriptures. premacy of Spirit."
Ref>rganlzed Church of Jesus Christ. 320
Post street— Rev. C. A. Parkin.
Morning— Sermon by F. M. Sheeny. Even-
ing — Sermon on "The Errors of Mormon-
ism."
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
Mrs. Rorer sets forth in a recent
number of that delightfully useless
publication, the Ladies' Home Journal,
what seems to her to constitute a
proper and seemly diet for an editor.
Apparently she thinks an editor's appe
tite something to be appeased by a can
died violet and a sip of dew. To pre
scribe what another shall eat is a piece
of arrogance anyhow, but it reaches
the superlative when faithful adher
ence to the prescription would result in
death by starvation. I would counsel
Mrs. Rorer to permit the editor to poke
into his face such articles of food as
to his darkened understanding appear
agreeable. If she believes in the Bant
ing system she might as well come
right out and say so.
Aspirants for office who surrender to
the fad of curtaining the heavens with
banners and bulging the pocket of the
small boy with cards may not know
that they are wasting the money. This
brief paragraph is to tell them. These
candidates might as well go out to the
Golden Gate and there inscribe in the
waters of the Pacific their names and
their ambitions. They might as well
write upon a bank of fog an appeal to
the voter. The banner never won the
vote of a man having sense enough to
mark a cross on a ballot. It is a nuis
ance, not pleasing to the eye, not in
any respect efficacious, and it should
be eliminated from the political battle.
An exchange, noting in this column
the contention that "The United
States" are plural, quotes from the
New r York Sun the following: "The
United States are the only important
country which has only one flag for all
purposes." This quotation is thrown
in with evident intent to complicate . the
issue, but has no such effect. It plain
ly accepts the term as ] plural, and ; con
1 fusion j arises " only : because ; a singular
noun and verb follow. h y Analogous sen
tences are of j such common use that
they do ; not strike ; the Judgment ;as in
any manner ■ unusual. ; - For instance,
ten companies are , a regiment, 100 , men
are a company. These % statements,
while ; possibly 5 susceptible • of ' being ex
pressed in more pleasing form,: are cor
rect. ■"■" .'-.-:;•;.■-■•: : : ; ''" ' : -;:':'i// : r -~:\ '.r--""'
• • •
William Betz has issued a ':' circular
and sent Ca "t copy to this office. He
should not do such things. Incident
ally I . notice % that ■ /'• he ! % s ; is ;a ; window ;
cleaner..-; Possibly he is a good one, and
if so should stick to that business." r?,
Theories concerning the possibility of
attaining to great age are about as nu
merous as the extremely aged. Every
man or woman who approaches the
century mark does so confident that a
certain method of living would among
all people produce uniform results. The
abstainer from alcohol ascribes his sur
vival to abstemious habits, the non
user of tobacco holds that death lurks
HALES.
00000000000000000
items for the
housewife : ; Sir*
BO pieces wool eiderdown flannels, % Oft r>
width, fancy , stripes per yd 4Uv
wrapper flannels, dark colors, ■ Cash-
mere finish, fleece back, choice late -*7 r>
conceits per yd " C w
60 doz Turkish - towels, " • unbleached,
large and heavy, 22x48 inches; woven f*T r,
selvage .;........ I ft \*
table oil cloth, 5-4 width, best quality, IK. r>
in wood colors, turkey red back ........ lUv
75 pieces toweling, all linen, unbleach- 1 /"■/•»
ed, 21 -inches wide ..........:........... 11/ C
leno stripe : drapery, - 36 inches wide.
In white and colored grounds, lace | Q l/-»
stripe patterns .......................... IZlv
100 doz pillow cases, hemmed, 60x36,
good. heavy quality muslin, specially
good for boarding-houses, hotels " and
those ' requiring frequent change and 1 f\,->
washing lUv
every one of these items will be read to-day:
many of them bought at Hale's this week.
iE\ f\C\f\ vAc ai ' pure silk ribbon, in latest
l.*Jf\l\J\J JUS colors, taffeta, satin and gros-
_si A 'L k __ grain ribbon; it is our best
I IUUUfI quality and what we advertise
I we offer— wa place on our
On Sell B counters— and sell! The fol-
lowing are the prices on all
silk plain and moire taffeta ribbons: -
No. 7, No. 9. No. 12. .\ T o. 16, No. 22,
8 l-3c 10c 12 l-2c 15c 15c yard.
No. 40 No. 60 No. 80
16 2-3 c 250 30e per yard.
(See window display for satin and gros grain.)
these are the little things which make business hum on Monday:
7E leaves sxB writing tablet 3c
Nickel pirate alarm clock 75c
12 Inch olive club bag, brass trimmings,
cloth lined, inside pocket 600 I
937-939-941-943-945-947 Market street, opposite Mason.
By HENRY JAMES
in the weed, the vegetarian makes out a
strong case, and so does the other an
cient person who does not care for veg
etables, but wants meat three times a
day, and prefers it rare. Then triumph
ant over all arises the antique soak,
who has been drunk for threescore
years, who has chewed and smoked
since boyhood, and has eaten whatever
might be set before him, and often gone
hungry when nothing was set. I do not
believe there is any rule by which old
aga may with anything akin to cer
tainty be reached. Whether acknowl
edging the fact or not, we are all to an
extent fatalists. Of two people born
under apparently similar conditions,
one dies in Infancy; another in his
ninety-ninth year is telling great
grandchildren how he happened to be
preserved. Doubtless he speaks in good
faith, but he doesn't know anything
about it.
* • •
Murderer Clark was hanged at San
Quentln Friday, and according to his
own ideas, expressed the day before, is
now in heaven. "I know," he had jaid,
"that the gates will open for me." I
hope Clark was mistaken. My idea of
heaven has always been that good peo
ple were to have the joy of going there.
If such degenerates as Clark are to be
welcomed I say in all reverence that I
want to go somewhere "else. The mur
der of which Clark waa guilty was one
of the most appalling. He killed a
brother so as to have undisputed pos
session of the brother's wife, his vic
tim having ventured mildly to dispute
the claim which had been of long
standing. To emphasize the iniquity
of his unnatural soul Clark was ex
tremely pious. He was one of the fel
lows who hallelujah loudly and implore
the rest of mankind to turn from the |
errors of their ways and be like
them. It happened thafc I had to visit
him ln his cell a few days after the
crime. He had a Bible ln his hand.
Immediately he began to question as to
my spiritual welfare. "You must have
the love of the Lord in your heart," he
said. "Did you have any of it when
you shot your brother because you de
sired his wife?" I made bold to inquire
when he had solicited me to be con
verted from the world. Clark then
quoted some irrelevant Scripture. I
knew the man was a liar and an assas
sin, and all his maudlin mouthing later,
after his guilt had been established,
tended to make a healthy mind suffer
pangs of disgust. The only feature
more sickening than the Clark beast
was furnished by the misguided phi
lanthropists who went to see him, took
him by the hand, prayed and sang with
him and promised to meet him in the ce
lestial home for which he had secured
through passage. I think such people
bring upon the cause of religion a re
proach not second to that brought by
the psalm-shouting slayer himself. For
Clark to have expressed penitence
would have been seemly, although a
man who declares the happiest moment
of his life will be when he stands on
the gallows is not penitent. He is,
rather, inclined to glory in hl§. deed,
and no wonder, since by reason of it
he is taught by enthusiasts that the
hands of God will be outstretched to
receive him. When a man so violates
law, written and unwritten, that a
, HALES. [
0000000000000000000000
warm values
in blankets :
did you ever have a chat with our ' .
man at < the blanket counter? He
knows what's best in blanketdom.
Good knowledge; - good blankets. SO f
pairs white and gray cotton blankets, f5£T/~» I
large size per pairv*«Jv»
36 pair white blankets, heavy, <J» 1 *STK
fleecy, size 60x76 inches. .per pair tJ>l<»CO
47 pair white wool . blankets, size
67x78, 90 per cent wool, pink and d>Q Qff
blue borders, silk bound. .per pair tJ>O«-<siO
19 pair white wool blankets, extra
large, 72x84, 85 per cent wool, per <C A K.f\
pair ............ ~... .................... fS>^T%K3\J
150 pair white wool blankets, size -
72x84 Inches, all pure wool, 5 lbs.
weight, pink, blue and - yellow <tSS AA
borders ....per pair *f>t9 •W.
600 pairs white all-wool blankets, fine selected
stock, colored borders, silk bound, in following
sizes:
72x84 74x56 74x86 76x86 76x86
$0.50 $7.75 90.00 910 912 pair.
lMlllinnr»V An elegant line of black I
lllilllllttl y S iik velvet hats, trimmed
Harkar»tmQM+ ln elegant plumes, aisr-
U.ep<innicni rettes and ornaments, S5
• to fis
New display of trimmed castor felt hats in !
new shapes and designs, $7 to 910 |
SeaguUs, parrots, swallows, per piece sOc I
Parried quills in bunches of three lOc
Jet and spangled crowns sOc
Five-pointed swallow wings, pair 15c
Amazon half plumes, in black 75c
Koal black Ink, 2 bottles for Be
Alligator purse, thumb clasp, leather
lined 25c
Heavy taffeta black serpentine lining, 36
Inches wide 7^ c yard i
shameful death is his rightful portion
he ought to be left to settle with his
Creator, and not coddled into the belief
that he is the stamp of spir
itual essence for which angels are pin
ing. While a free man Clark was a
hypocrite; he kept up his pretense in
prison and on the scaffold. Perhaps
shortly after the fall of the trap he
realized that fooling was at an end.
But the philanthropists still unhanged
will flock to the next atrocious freak
of criminality to comfort and to soothe.
They should either be forbidden to enter
the penitentiary, or, having entered,
forbidden to depart.
* • •
The cartoon is an important factor
in a political campaign. Often a truth
| may be better expressed by a picture j
than by words. Yet the cartoon which
drags into ridicule men who are not
seeking office, who are not guilty of
other offense, is a mistake. It annoys
the victim, but it harms the perpetra
i tor, I have in mind some of the
coarse and inexcusable work of Daven
port, wherein every stroke is a libel.
Locally the same method is to a cer
tain extent in vogue. There is a habit
of portraying Attorney Herrin as a re
pulsive bird of prey, a cross apparent
ly between the buzzard and the eagle.
I have never been able to find any ex
cuse for this. Mr. Herrin is the legal
director of large interests, among them j
the Southern Pacific. I understand
that he attends to his business to, the
satisfaction of his employers, that he
deports himself as a gentleman, that |
the insults the artist lavishes upon him |
hurt him only because they distress the
members of his family. No blame is
to be attached to the artist. He does
his work at the order of the managing
editor, and people who know the record
of this" managing editor would not be
surprised at any act of his, unless the
act savored of decency. Then they
would ascribe it to accident.
I thank the friends, to me unknown
personally, who have taken the trouble
to send in commendations of the mat
ter appearing in this column last week
in relation to corruption in politics.
Perhaps the remarks here recorded had
no effect, but they developed the cer
tainty that the sentiment they ex
pressed is widely entertained. It seems
to me the time is not far distant when
a politician will be required to be hon
est, and a broken political promise
stamp the giver thereof as a liar the
same as though it had related to a busi
ness transaction. The public is get
ting tired of being fooled. Not only
have the disreputables and vagrants
the prospect of being crowded out of
politics, wherein it is their custom to
win a precarious living, but the re
spectable, who use them, are also corn*
ing under the ban. Committees of one
hundred, organized for spoil and the
working of a boss' will, can never again
in this town make a pretense of be
ing the embodiment of purity. No
Mayor dictating the nomination of the
members of two boards can, after the
boards have proved to be a dual set of
incompetent rascals, be accorded
the privilege of repeating the opera
tion. I think the voting population is
waking up.
If there happened to be occasion for
It I would be glad to say something to
accentuate the certainty that Barclay
Henley will be defeated. It seems to
me the man has an unspeakable nerve
to ask office at the hands of the citi
zens from whose beloved land he fled
in Its time of peril. It appears that
he is not even a citizen himself, and
if he were he Is not the right s€rt.
Once a renegade American, he has add
ed to the offense that of being a rene
gade Mexican. The peculiar advan
tages of being a man without a coun
try do not shine forth when one Is a
candidate for office.
• • •
Worshipers in a New York church on
a recent Sunday gave $100,000 for for
WALE'S. r
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOG
exclusive display
new dress goods :
pattern No. 418, a fancy silk and .
wool cord In a serpentine design, , !
In all the new shades, 42 inches .<£ ] EZ(\
wide, very dressy "... €J>I««JvF ; ■
pattern No. 340, fancy French
stripe suiting, direct Importation,
silk and wool, and comes >In CI OR
latest colors, 38 inches wide - # tj>l»^>«<t*
pattern No. 464, French novelty . >
plaid suitings, with a raised Mo-
hair plaid woven over the surface,
a great contrast in shades, 42 <J? I Oft
inches wide <PI»4«I
pattern No. 416, an all-wool and
silk Imported check suiting, strik-
ing combinations of black and
green, black and hello. ■ black and
marine, black and - olive, -black <J» 1 OK
and navy, 42 inches wide..... €J>l«^tf
pattern No. 606, a fancy ■ check Ben-
galine suiting for tailor costumes, in.
tabac, browns, marines, blues, . Bor-
deaux, myrtle, 42 Inches wide.......... , <rr|
(Samples by mall with pleasure.) 9* I
orff r\eyr\T * Cotton ball fringe, used
<Xl I UC|ll for " drapery." in latest
and notions color Ings and 3c
anCl nOtlOnS white, per yard... OC
... Ladies' round garters of
silk frilled elastic with bow of silk ribbon and
pretty buckle, all complete in a glassQßp
fancy box .......;.
Satin gored belt  supporters, with button j
clasp, : black, blue, pink, red and |Olr>
yellow lalW>
Superior hairpins, 60 assorted pins in a Or*
box ;....'.............. Zv
Cuba pins (100 assorted on ~ the •■ cube) C/>
25 Heavy XXX cream envelopes 4c
Ladies' horn back comb, filigree ornamen-
tation 10c
100 dozen all pure linen ladles' hemstitched
handkerchiefs 6c
eign missions. People who have money
have a right to give it away to whom
they choose, but, personally, I hate to
see it wasted in this fashion. The visi
ble effect of foreign missions is to give
a number of ardent people a job, to
stir up among the heathen a spirit of
discontent, to lay the foundation for in
ternational disturbance. Occasionally
the missionaries marry so judiciously
and multiply so rapidly that in time
they rise up and possess the land they
went to redeem. In such instances, of
course, the money is well invested. I
do not wish to be understood as speak
ing lightly of worthy men and women
who go afar in the sincere hope of bet
tering the condition of the cannibal and
the fire god's followers. It merely
strikes me as pitiful that they should
waste their lives in a vain endeavor.
Let the heathen alone until they get
in the way of civilization, which will
crowd them into the junele and off the
earth. We are not responsible for
them. If good were accomplished by
appealing to them with the melancholy
tract and the illuminated text, all jight.
When people in church get so excited
that they snatch off their gewgaws and
throw them into the contribution plate
they ought to remember the worthy
near home, even to the exclusion of
the naked and alluring savage. They
ought to think of the thousands kept
from school by the necessity of earn
ing bread, the pallid workers of the
sweat shops, the honest tramps whose
hands can find nothing to do. They
ought to think of the sick, the lowly,
the illiterate, the helpless of their own
land. They might profltaly turn their
minds to the traps set for the youns,
the crowded quarters where vice and
disease and penury breed. Then, when
misery has been banished, when there
is everywhere in this fair domain peace
and happiness, when hunger no longer
cries for a loaf, and the babe of pov
erty has ceased to nurse at a fount run
dry, will be time to think of the
heathen. As a matter of fact, we are
in some respects worse than the so
called heathen now, for we cannot
plead ignorance. We murder and steal
and slander, bear false witness. If wa
err and are undetected we are bitter
in denouncing the one who errs and is
caught. We observe another on the
way to the devil and give him a kick.
AYe have reached a stage where wealth
opens every door and the rich scoun
drel is received in the household where
knowledge of his character has pre
ceded him. In all barbaric rite there
is nothing more brutal than the
methods of money getting, the heart
lessness with which competitors are
crushed, mortgages foreclosed, the or
phan and widow turned into the street.
Our statesmen are elected not for their
worth, but according to their willing
ness to pay the price. They do not
legislate for the common good. They
father shameless jobs. We have a
great war, and incompetency has an
Alger to send it to the front and the
pay chest. We bicker and fight, per
mit yellow journals to exist. The holy
men of the pulpit quarrel, hear a "call
where the salary is largest, and have
among them too many C. O. Browns.
Our aristocratic girls are on the mar
ket and are sold for less than
they are really worth. Some other
girls among us wear belts made from
the pelts of the pauper dead. Alto
gether, we are a pretty lot to be trying
to give pointers to the heathen and
throwing gold in his direction. Mr.
Solomon, now deceased, but in his gen
eration reputed to be wise, once said
something about first setting one's own
house in order.
• • •
Much has been said about young
Gould and the probability that he will
forfeit $5,000,000 through his marriage
to the woman of his choice. Ido not
care whether or not he loses this sum,
but, as a matter of Justice, he ought
not to be fined for doing the only manly
thing there was for him to do. Mar
riaga is mostly business or the
HALES.
>oooooooooooc
underwear
underpriced :
Gents' natural »ray merino hose, fine
quality, spliced heels and toes, sizes I QJLs*
9 to 11% I^2V* -
Gents' merino hose, gray, tan and ;
brown, heavy quality, double heels | CiZr* /
and toes, no seams, sizes 9 to li>4-- *vf 3V
■■: ;?;.. / ; 7 \ ■ .. , - - ■ . .1' ■ . ■■'. .. ■■ : ■■.■•''
ladies'
hosiery :
38 doz ■ natural gray fine ,- Cashmere ->■;
ribbed wool hose In •>" sizes BVi and 9 ■ " J. \ ■
only, spliced heels and • toes, broken 1 Ckr>
sizes, mean we've broken the price — ;' l«-rv/ ■
100 doz black Cashmere wool hose, -■■; -
heavy quality, • ribbed top, double me-QBf/>
rino heels and toes, all sizes, 8 to 10... -*r«JW
70 doz ' black Cashmere : hose, fine :
quality, light weight, all sizes, 8 to O 01/»
xi, noo Clllr new polka dot swivel „
\ Llire© j SllK Bilk, on heavy taffeta <
4. __~w^4-<« 4-3 «%**<* grounds, very much t
! temptatlOnS used for Ye millinery {
* . -, • . and ' trimmings; in <
cadet with -white dots, orange with black,
emerald with white, cerise- with white, '
white with -: black, turquols* with gri (
black, 19 inches wide...... <P*
Plain taffeta silks, 19 Inches *7(\r* *
wide .-.■ ivy (
New black satin duchess, all pure QS <
Bilk, 24 inches wida  OOw (
use the <
McCeLll ;
paper !
patterns <
couple who exchange vows. If they
are of age, interference is impertinent,
and even a suggestion is indelicate.
Jay Gould wate capable of making
money, employed criminal methods in
making it, and had, possibly, a right to
dictate its disposal. But Jay has been
dead so long that his hand of dust can
not be regarded, logically, as gripping
the gold he heaped up. Considering:
him an angel now, black or white, the
time has passed when he should have
a grip oivan*airs mundane. He has
had his little whirl, and ought to let go.
Booked for Murder.
Patrick J. Keenan, alias Patsy Hogan,
ex -pugilist, was yesterday taken from the
Receiving Hospital to the City Prison in
the patrol wagon, where a charge of mur
der was booked against him. He waa
then driven back to the hospital, as he
is suffering from pulmonary troubles.
His wounds have completely healed and
by to-morrow he will occupy a cell in the
prison.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
» TSB CREDIT HO USB"
Six Storks High
Parlor, tables have been
coming in until the line
looks enormous. Some in-
laid tables are £30. From
that on down to one in cut,
Mahogany finish, for $2
If there's a vacant place in the hall
or at the window, one of these ' Maho-
gany chairs will fill it. High arras,
solid wood seat $1.90
Everybody seems interested In metal
beds. It's an interesting line, from
massive full-brass beds for $100, down
to one in white enamel with brass
trimmings. $7.50
Economize in the dining-room — who
would not ? Here 's a solid oak Side-
board that economizes time, room and
money — only $730
CARPET DEPARTMENT
There 's a stir in carpets this week-
putting new stock on the shelves-
opening up some designs we 'ye not
had room to show before.
Gray Fur Rugs, z\xs feet, well made
made and will last $125
Free delivery, Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley
M, FRIEDMAN & CO.
233 to 237 Post Street
Open evenings Near Stockton