VOLUME LXXXIV.-ISO 77.
MAGUIRE HAS IT ALL HIS OWN WAY.
On the Eve of the Democratic
Convention He Has No
Real Opposition.
Senator Seawell Is Still in the Race, but
Announces That He Is Prepared for
the Inevitable.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 15.— This has
been a day of false alarms, flest'ng
rumors and a general feeling of dis
comfort sprinkled here and there with
an occasional <la^h of practical poli
tics— the latter being furnished by a
few of the old-time Democrats who
■were attending State conventions when
General Ju Hamilton was a curly
"headed youth and the na ne of fusion
was unknown to politicaJ literature.
But even the old timers are forced
to admit that there is something in
the present gathering of 1
.delegates that is entirely new to them.
They are Baying that the false-alarms
are being provided by false alarms"—
meaning the - w h" axe com
paratively new to the political game
but after they ha I their fling they are
admit reluctantly enough
that with all their wisdom and all their
lence they are as much at sea
■line: th>- situation as the veriest
- ■ at the political same.
There is here th^ customary congre
gates, the usual throng
in and about the Golden Eagle Hotel,
the groups on the street corners and
the ordinary seekers aftt-r the secrets
of others; but there, that is all. There
is apparently no interest taken in the
question of who- is to be nominated
■for the various offices on the State tick
- et, and. what is still more unusual in
.-a- Democratic gathering, tiWfe are
.-places that are groins begging fir want
" .of men to fill them. This apathy
■ - : even applies to the head of the tVcket,
for there are not two score of <^le
. gates here who have even the s^s
.: picion of an idea that the place wXI
'go to any one other than James G\
; ilaguire. '
\ The way has been prepared for him.
./•lie has been tendered the honor of the
.place at the head of the ticket of the
•inferior half of what was once a proud
party and all that has been left for
the representatives of the Democratic
; party of the State of California to do
-Is to ratify the nomination.
Having a duty to perform the afore-
-sail! representatives have come hither
to go through the formality of affixing
; the seal of their political approval on
.. the certificate of Maguire's nomination
'']»>'. the Populist party. Such a task
.lacks the element of excitement, and so
" they have been forced to seek else
■: where for the nerve stimulus that
; makes glad the heart of the youthful
'•; 'politician.
■ ..They have scanned the list of State
: officers and have found set onDosite
';: the pome dozen or less of choicer
'■■;■ places, names unknown in the world of
; .Democrai . , qually uncared for
'•■save perhaps by the heretofore obscure
.. earners of thi H,. n . and there.
'Ua true, appears the name of some one
who in times past had endeared him
self to the hearts of his constituents
. and t»e world ai large by heaping op
probrium oh the headH of al^Demo
. crats. It having been decreed, how
■ t-\vr, that these men with the others
should receive the Indorsement of this
Democratic gathering they will all pass
up with a Kitfh of regret and a feeling
not always openly expressed that per
haps the Democratic party was not
Buch a great organization after all.
But Providence and the will of the
Pinto-Populist convention decreed
that a few of the officers should be left
int. Here and then- a few aspi
rants bolder than their fellows have
t d up with the announcement that
ar*> seeking one or another of the
vacant places. This was no doubt in
teresting to themselves and perhaps a
few of their friends, but it does not
seem to interest the great mass of dele
gau-a who have assembled here to fln
The San Francisco Call
ish the work bo well begun by their
distic brethren, and it is right here
that the old timera meet -svith the sur
prise already referred to. To them it
splicable that a Democrat
who has once held office should not
thereafter for all times seek for it
madly.
General Jo Hamilton, the old "war
.'■ explains this feeling by relating
an anecdote at his own expense.
'■When I was a boy." he said. "I
was treated to frequent dissertations
by my parents on the subject of the
evils of strong drink. I accepted their
teachings in good faith until one day in
an upstairs room devoted exclusively
to my father's use I stumbled across a
ftask of old bourbon. To Bee was to
drink, but alas for me my father sur
prised me in the act. He hesitated not
to remonstrate with me, and being a
vigorous old man he punctuated his re
marks with a very stout cane. Be
tween screams I caught the voice of my
mother in the hall below shouting 'Swat
it to him. dad; if he ever gets a taste
of it the fool will never know when to
quit.' "
The only thing that has up to this
time formed a topic of general interest
is the contemplated contest for supre
macy between the Harney delegation
and that other San Francisco delega
tion, which was brought into existence
by the so-called Committee of One
Hundred, appointed by Chairman Al
ford of the State Ontral Committee.
Frank H. Gould, late of Btoekton,
"Whispering" Gavin McNab and their
coterie of dyed-in-the-wool reformers.
Having no other cares to worry them,
the country delegates, following the
lead of the State C-n'ral ( 'nmmtttee.
are occupying their mimls with the dis
sentions of the San Francisco Democ
racy.
That this contest is a bitter one is
not to be denied, and to-night all signs
point to a very lively time on the floor
of the convention hall when Chairman
Alford raps for order to-morrow after
noon.
Both sides are preparing for the
struggle, and even at this time, when
the time for the rap of the gavel is only
a few hours distant, the result is uncer
tain.
The Harney men are making a good
fight and are pulling every possible
string that will bring them a vote. They
claim that their cause is right and just,
and therefore should win, provided al
ways that the majority of the delegates
are the kind of men to whom right and
justice appear. The McNab forces, on
the other hand, are loud in their assur
ances that they have a majority of the
convention on their side, and point with
pride to the fact that the names of
the men in their delegation occupy a
prominent place in the temporary roll.
They, like the Harneyites, have a
strong following, but, strange to say,
these followers fix their reasons for
their faith upon' other grounds than
that of right and justice. Not all, but
some of them, admit, not without re
luctance, that it may be true that right
is upon the side of their opponents, but,
being politicians by right of birth, edu
cation and natural inclination, they
must first take into consideration the
[on of policy and expediency. Hav
ing done so, they find that policy and
expediency win first and second money,
and that right and justice "also ran."
. it goes, with the result still ob
i in the haze of the unforeseen
events of to-morrow and the day fol
lowing.
To-nighl the Harney forces received
valuable ..fercements from the cities
around the bay, and if all promises are
kept the scene of to-morrow's contest
: will be marked by the familiar forms
! and punctuated by the familiar war
cries of such oid-tirners as W. W. Foote,
: M. F. Tarpey, John Daggett, M. J. Lay-
I mance and others who in times past
have raised their voices to the con
fusion of their politieU opponents.
What the end will he no man can
say, but as has already been intimated,
>■ th<-n- is every prospeci ol the warmest
kind of a time for everybody, not to
mention the spectators in the rear of
the hall, who will assemble in antici
pation of a real old-fashioned Demo
cratic mix up.
Here and there is to be found a del
! egation from some of those smaller
counties that have come to Sacramento
i prepared to fight fusion to the death.
| They are earnest in their denunciation
! ol the arrangement by which certain
j self-appointed leaders of the strict
Democracy traded off the party patri
mony, but, unfortunately for them
selves and their constituents, they are
in a hopeless minority. Chief ;imong
these are the Sonoma and Mendocino
county delegations. Up that way they
; have had some experience with fusion
! and still retain a recollection of how
i George W. Monteith, Populist SYnd x .
! middle-of-the-roader, assisted the Dro .
| cession attending the entrance of Con
| gressman Barham into the legislative
| halls of the National Capital. They (] e _
I clare that they will never, so loijr as
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, AUGUST 16, 1898.
they are Democrats, become parties to
another such arrangement. They and
others — many others — most solemnly
declare that if the present fusion agree
ment is carried into effect by this con
vention they will go to the polls next
November and knife every Populist and
Silver Republican on the ticket until,
as one of the more emphatic stalwarts
expressed it, nothing but a shoestring
remains.
Something of the apathy that marks
the conduct of the few candidates wh<>
have up to this time displayed sufficient
energy to announce themselves is illus
trated by an incident that occurred or>
the train which arrived in Sacramento
last evening. Among the passengers
was Charles Edelman of Orange
County, candidate for State Treasurer.
Besides being a candidate Mr. Edelman
is a pleasant gentleman, and he had
no lack of company during the ride up
from the city. To those who were with
him he detailed his hopes and fears re
garding his candidacy and sought ad
vice and counsel from such friends as
he considered better acquainted with
the situation than himself. As the train
pulled into Sacramento one of his
friends in a burst of confidence inform
ed Mr. Edelmao that he. Edelman,
"was up against it." Not beintr
versed in slang the candidate received
the Information without comment, but
promised himself that at the first oppor
tunity he would consult a city friend
on the subject. This he did at the
breakfast table at the hotel this morn
ing. The following conversation is said
to have taken place:
"Tom, I heard a funny expression the
other day and 1 want to ask you what
it meant. I heard one fellow say to
another that he 'was up against it.'
What did he mean by that?"
"He meant." replied the friend, "that
he was confronted v»ith a situation
from which he was bound to come out
loser."
"Well, the blankety blank blank,"
ejaculated Edelman, as he left the din
ing room precipitately, followed by the
amazed glances of his friend.
Whether or not Mr. Edelman Is "up
against it" will only be determined
when the vote is taken next* Thursday.
Those who profess to be well informed
declare that the incumbent. Will S.
Green, will be renominated for the po
sition of State Treasurer.
Railroad Commissioner La Rue. who
was at one time announced as a candi
date for the gubernatorial nomination,
has resigned himself to the inevitable
and now says that his name will not
be presented to the convention as an
aspirant to the place at the head of the
ticket. He expects, however, to receive
the nomination for Railroad Commis
sioner, and if so he will accept it. Being
a candidate, he declines to discuss the
fusion arrangement by which all pros
pective gubernatorial candidates were
shut out of the race without ever hav
ing an opportunity to submit their
names to the representatives of the
party. He says, however, that he does
not so much regret the loss of this op
portunity as he does the manner in
which the loss was brought about.
"I fear," he said, "like the man whose
wife had died of small-pox. He
mourned for her and was not to be
consoled. His friends finally ap
proached him and told him that it was
wrong to mourn and that there were
just as good women in the world as his
late wife had been. 'I know it,' he re
plied, 'but you are mistaken as to the
cause of my grief. I don't care so much
for the loss of Nancy, but it is the
blankety, blank, blank disease that she
died of that I am crying about.' "
This may not be complimentary to
the sensibilitVs of the gentlemen who
engineered the fusion arrangement, but
it is no doubt expressive of Mr. La
Rue's feelings.
With the San Francisco fight as an
example it may be that during the time
that will elapse before the convention
gets down to business of nominating
candidates some interest may be shown
in the contest that must necessarily
occur between those who are seeking
the few places that the Populists have
left for the Democrats to nil. At any
rate the proceedings will not lack in
terest, and those who have come to
Sacramento expecting to participate in
a real Democratic good time will not
be disappointed.
BARHAM AND COLGAN.
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 15.— The County
Republican Convention of Sonoma held
to-day at Guerneville was largely at
tended.
I>. V. Hitchcock was chairman. A. B.
Lfmmon of Santa Rosa was elected dele
fate at large and R. F. Crawford, W. .1
'. Orr, C. H. Nielsen, M. J. Strewing, 10.
D. Sweetser of Santa Rosa, W. Ballard of
Geyserville, W. T. Brush of Cloverdale,
A. H. Chessmore of Sonoma, A. Faught
of Russian River, W. E. Woolsev of Ful
ton, W. W. Price of Forestville R. S.
Drown of Petaluma, W. F. Graham of
Guernevillo, H. M. Lebaron of Valley
Ford, L. A. Norton of Healdshurß, H. A.
Rifhardson of Stewarts Point, F. A.
Wickersham of Petaluma, O. P. Stedgor
of Sebaatopol, \V. W. Chapman of Peta
luma and \V. J. Davis of Vallejo Town
ship were elected delegates to the State
Convention.
Congressman Barham was Indorsed, and
the delegates were instructed tn work for
his renomination; also for State Control
ler Colgan.
McNab When Called Down by
Lawyer Foote Crawfishes
Shamelessly.
Whispered Once Too Often, Was Called
a Liar and Meekly Swallowed
the Affront.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Aug. 15.— The other day on
Montgomery street, San Francisco,
Gavin McNab, on leaving a group of
men that had been discussing politics,
looked back over his shoulder and re
marked:
"W. W. Foote is going to Sacramento
to make John D. Spreckels 1 speech."
The remark was distinctly heard by
quite a number of bystanders, among
them M. F. Tarpey. The fact that the
remark was made and the insinuation
thrown out that Foote was wearing a
collar came to the latter's knowledge.
On the boat this afternoon coming from
San Francisco, Foote saw McNab edg
ing away in the crowd and immediately
called to him: "Here, McNab, I want
to speak to you. I understand that you
said publicly on the street that I wore
a collar and was going to Sacramento
to make John D. Spreckels' speech. I
want to tell you now that any man who
says I wear a collar is a d liar and
"You are right, Mr. Foote. but I did
not make use of the language reported
to you. I did not say that you wore
any man's collar," replied McNab.
"I understand from Mr. Tarpey that
i you did use such language, and his
presence I want you to deny it."
"If we have any differences we will
settle them on the floor of the conven
tion," continued McNab.
"This is a personal matter, and it is
not necessary to settle it on the floor
i the convention. It can be settleu
now, and T repeat that any man who
aaurtl that I wear a collar Is a liar."
McNab again Insisted that he did not
utter the remark ascribed to him, and
the Interview ended.
Mr. Foote remarked: "This ends the
matter until I can see you with Mr.
Tarpey."
After arriving here this evening, Mr.
Foote related to Mr. Tarpey the details
of the conversation with Mr. McNab on
Montgomery street.
Mr. Tarpey expressed surprise that a
denial of the Montgomery street remark
should have been made, and added:
"McNab said it in the presence of a
dozen people. He turned his head over
his shoulder as he walked away and
said: 'Foote is going to Sacramento to
make John D. Spreckels' speech.' "
A few minutes later Mr. Tarpey went
into the lobby of the Golden Eagle
Hotel, and there happened to meet Mr.
McNab. An ordinary greeting was ex
changed, when Mr. Tarpey said: "I
understand that you deny making the
statement that Mr. Foote was going to
Sacramento to make John D. Spreckels'
speech." Meanwhile Mr. Foote ap
proached, as did many others, and a
large throng soon gathered immediately
around the men.
McNab replied: "I did not exactly use
that language."
Mr. Tarpey— "What did you say
then?"
Mr. McNab — "I do not care to discuss
it here. Your recollection is at fault.
The convention is the place to make
speeches."
Mr. Tarpey— "When you make re
marks concerning a gentleman you
should be responsible for your utter
ances. You did use the language
ascribed to you and now you decline to
state what you did say."
Mr. McNab — "I cannot help it if you
made a mistake in carrying my re
marks to Mr. Foote."
Mr. Tarpey — "When my friends are
assailed I do not allow the matter to
pass unnoticed."
Mr Foote, who had been listening
eagerly to hear what explanation Mc-
Nab couFB make when brought face to
face with Tarpey, interposed with the
remark addressed to McNab: "I say j
again that the convention is no place \
to settle this question. It is purely a !
personal question. Any man who says ,
I am here to make John D. Spreckels'
speech or that I wear any man's collar
is a liar. I say it here openly."
Mr. McNab to Foote — "The conven
tion is tne place to make these
speeches. You can say what you please
when you make Sam Rainey's speech
in the convention."
Foote — "If you mean to say that I
have agreed to make Sam Rainey's I
speech or anybody else's speech in the
convention you utter an absolute false
hood."
McNab — I Judge from what is said in
the sugar paper that you intend to
speak for Rainey; now, Mr. Foote, if
you want to make any speeches address
your remarks to the Alameda delega
tion. You do not represent me. Why,
you were interviewed in the sugar or
gan.
Mr. Foote — No, I do not represent
you. The Alameda people whom I rep
resent are men of character and not
liars. I couldn't have my interview pub
lished in your organ.
McNab (trying to edge away) — You
must excuse me now, as I am busy.
Foote — If you busy yourself in the fu
ture by making any more lying re
marks about me, I will give you ,more
business than you ever had, and I give
you warning now.
The thronsr eased away to allow Mc-
Nab to withdraw, but a murmur of
jeering comment and laughter at the
expense of the whispering Gavin was
heard. McNab's tongue could not be
controlled, for when he was out of dan
ger he hissed back some insinuating re
marks against the men who had just
called him down In the presence of
State Senators, eminent lawyers and
many other prominent people.
McNab smiled when asked about the
incident. "Oh, it was nothing." he said,
"merely an exchange of persiflage be
tween gentlemen. There was nothing
approaching a row."
He spoke with a rich Scotch brogue,
but the customary assurance was want
ing.
"Didn't Foote call you down about
things you have said concerning him?"
"I assure you, no. There was noth
ing of the sort. Nothing that might
not have occurred in any group of gen
tlemen.
"No,* 1 he continued, "I am not a can
didate for office, at least only an emer
gency candidate." McNab did not like
to discuss the Foote episode and wel
comed a summons from a friend, which
gave him a chance to excuse himself.
HOSPITABLE SACRAMENTO.
Elaborate Preparations Made by the
Energetic Committee of
Citizens.
THK CALL'S HEADQUARTERS. SAC
RAMENTO. Aug. 15.— San Francisco peo
ple who wish to know what .summer :c
liko necessarily must leave home, and
they could not do better than come to this
city. Hera is summer in all its glory of
wilted linen, its sea of perspiration, its
palm-leaf and its iced drinks, yet those
who venture to complain are comforted
by the information that to-day compared
with days past and days about to arrive is
like a breath from the Arctic. Visitors
from interior points do not seem to mind
the temperature, and some from San
Francisco who were thoughtful enough to
bring along light and airy costumes have
donned them and are strutting about,
pretty to look at and conscious of a defi
nite superiority.
Sacramentans are cordial folk, ana they
appreciate the visitors, every effort being
made to extend a welcome. The town
stayu up late o" nights piloting the strang
ers to the coolest spots and assuring them
that nobody ever suffers from sunstroke.
The heat may be never so intense, but it
Is of a benign character designed by na
ture for expelling rheums and humors
from the blood.
At th* pavilion of the State Agricultur
al Society there has been a scene of trans
formation. The interior of the structure
generally barren and uninviting, has been
changed into a place of beauty. No one
within its gorgeous but harmoniously ar
ranged interior would think of unsightly
rafters or whitewashed walls. So vast la
the space that it has not all been utilized.
An apartment has been made in the cen
eral portion by partitions of cloth, the re
sult being an octagonal enclosure, giving
the aspect of a great tent. I'nder a state
ly arch, along an aisle marked by the na
tional colors, the delegates will pass into
this tent.
Around the sides. intersperseaUat inter
vals with American flags, are the coats of
arms of the various States. Across the
center, apparently suspended on nothing,
so minute are the supporting wires, are
countless flags. Red, white and blue are
draped above and around the platform, in
streamers, shields and general profusion.
Against the background of flags in the
front center is a picture of Washington,
while on each side are arranged those of
Governor Budd, Senator White, Cleve
land and Bryan. Altogether the effect la
fine and impressive. William Boyne. the
decorator, has shown the most artistic
taste. Even county banners, usually
mere transparencies stuck up on poles, arc
red, white and blue, shaped like the Amer
ican shield, and will be suspended the
sam<» as the other banners.
The most striking single feature of the
decoration is the canopy overhead. It is
all in red, white and blue, and springing
from the center and spreads like a great
flower, solid In the middle and then the
petals extending separately, the ends be
ing joined to the sides of the octagon,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
forming 1 a complete and splendid ceilitt£.
Not only is all this pleasing to the eye,
but the acoustic properties <>f the Pa
vilion are much improved, a test to-day
showing- that the tones go clear and ring
ing to the farthest corner.
There has been every provision made
for the seating of delegates and of spec
tators, and accommodations for represen
tatives of the press. An electric fan has
been put in r>lace and in the midst of
the assemblage there will be a fountain
Sowing with Ice'water. The committees
who have had this matter In charge and
who deserve the greatest praise for their
work are the following:
Executive Committee — William Beckman,
president; Add C. Hinkson, \ i<f-j>resident, Tal
hot H. Wa.HU, secretary; Fred HUtrins. a..^!-t
ant secretary: Mayor William Land, J. O. «"ote
man. Thomas Fox. F. L. Gray, E. S. Hadley,
B W. Hale. A. J. Johnston, C T. Jones. C K.
Mcdatchy, William Mr!.awt:hlin, Harry Ror
ers. F. D. Ryan. Edwin F. Smith, R. D.
Stephens, C. .J. Titus. E. H. Willis
Sub-Committees — Auditing— President, vice
nt and secretary.
Attaches— F.* D. Ryan (chairman), Ed F.
Smith. William MoLaughlin, A. C. Hinkson
ami T. H. Wallis.
Badges— Harry Rogers chairman), C. H.
; - and Dr. W. 1". Mathews;
Citizens' Reception Committee— Mayor Will
iam Land (chairman).
I'ity Decoration— J. A. Woodson u-hairman),
with power to appoint c immtttee.
Finance— William Land (chairman), C. K.
McClatChy, A. J. Johnston. F. L. Cray, E. W.
Hale, C. T. Jones. It. i). Stephens, T. 11. Wallls
and A. C. Hinks^n.
HftU anil Decoration— Talbot H. Wallis Ohair
man), Harry Rogers. C. A. Carlson. W. H.
Oovan. J. C. Gorman and E, B. Willis (chair
•vss committee}.
Headquarters Htatc Central Committee— F. L.
Cray (chairman), A. J. Johnston. E. W. Hale,
C. T. Jones, a. C. Hinkson and C. J. Titus.
B t.l and Aecomm >datk>ns— R. D. Stephens
(chairman), Thomas Fox, J. O. Coleman and A.
C )•• rrick.
Music— E. 6. Hadley. R. T. Cohn, Bert Kid
der Horace < rnckw an<l C^orse B. Lovdal.
Press— E. B. Willi? (chairman), W. J. Has-
B*>tt (K'xJtttiT)i <' X MoClateny, J. X Lar
kin. J. J. Campbell, F. E. Smith, Charles
Schmidt, E. Phillips and Mrs. T. J. McFar-
Printinp— T. Jones (chairman), E. S. Had
ley and Edwin F. Smith.
Transportation— William Mclaughlin (chair
man?! J. W. Wilson. Fred Biggins, Samuel
Kingsbury and Frank A. Ross.
It is fair to say that while all these gen
tlemen have taken an active interest a
large portion of the work has fallen upon
Talbot H. Wallis. who to-day is superin
tending the finishing touches and mod
estly: taking pride in what he has accom
plished.
DWYER DESIRES PEACE.
CALL HEADQUARTERS,
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Aug. 15.
— Joseph J. Dwyer, who, ■with.
ex-Judge J. F. Sullivan, led the
Democratic reform movement in
San Francisco six years ago, ar
rived here this evening to take
a hand in the fight against the
seating of the Alford-Gould-
McNab delegation. Dwyer has
frequently of late been mention
ed as am aspirant for the Con
gressional nomination in the
Fourth District. He says that
the Congressional fight is a
secondary matter.
"I came here," said he to
night, ''to assist in the batue
that is being waged for Demo
cratic principles. I want to see
the Democrats of San Francisco
given their rights and harmony
restored in the ranks.''
"How about your candidacy
in the Fourth DistrictP" was
asked.
"I am not a candidate in the
sense that I am going around
soliciting delegates to vote for
me. I am more interested in
having the party troubles in
San Francisco satisfactorily ad
justed. When that is accon
plished, if the Democrats of the
i'ourth District choose me as
their Congressional representa
tive, I will fully appreciate th#
honor beßtowed."2
SEAWELL IS NOT OUT OF THE RACE.
The Senator Says He Expects Quite a Batch of Votes
for the Gubernatorial Nomination.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, Sacramento, Aug. 15.—
While there is a general feeling that the nomination for
Governor is going to Maguire, it must not be considered
that the field is altogether clear for him. Senator Seawell
of Mendocino is not only on the ground but finds the ground
covered by his friends.
■■J have not withdrawn from the fight," said the Sena
tor. "I do not believe there is any one man who is neces
sary to the salvation of the \ arty. Of course, as a loyal
Democrat I will abide by the verdict of the convention.
Some people have an idea that the first man in the field is
the only one entitled to consideration. I do not think so.
Judge Maguire has support, but it remains to be seen
whether he has all the support necessary. He has been work
ing for the nomination and I have not, yet 1 have assurances
• more than a scattering support is ready to stand by me.
I am not urging my cause particularly, but simply state that
I am ready to abide by the decision of the convention."
The suggestion was made that the Populists had named
.Maguire and that his indorsement was regarded by them as
inevitable.
"I do not consider," replied Seawell. "that the Popu
lists are yet in control of the Democratic party. If they are
1 must accept the ruling, but it does not seem to me to be
i on sound reasoning. Why should we give way to
these people? The very fact that they have chosen Ma
guire seems to me an argument against him, and yet I am
only a member of the Democratic party ready to regard its
decision as final. I do not withdraw from the contest.
To do so would be to retreat inder fire."
At this point Seawell was greeted by a delegate.
"There is only one member here from Yolo," said the
delegate, "and he is for you from start to finish."
A number of delegates gathered and the group swelled
to an imposing number. "We are for Seawell." they said.
Meanwhile Maguire was receiving his adherents above
and they were congratulating him that his support in the
convention would be numerous.
At a late hour Seawell was still the center of a. crowd,
and the crowd was for him.
BOTH CAMPS
ARE CONFIDENT
Evidence of a Bitter
Primary Fight.
ESTIMATES OF CANDIDATES
HILBORN EXPECTS ONE-HALF
OF THE DELEGATES.
Metcalf's Managers Confident That
They Will Secure the Requi
site Number of Votes on
the First Ballot.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Broadway, Auk. ll r >.
There is a general impression among
politicians that Saturday's primary was
like a meeting of Friends compared to
what is expected next .Wednesday. The
Fardee-Davis primary did not bring out
a large vote. Two years ago. when Hil
born and Frick contested for the Con
gressional delegation from this county,
14,000 votes were polled. On Saturday
last Dr. Pardee, who beat Davis a little
better than two to one, polled but 6907
votes.
On Wednesday the great battle that has
been brewing for a year between Victor
Metcalf and Congressman HUborn will be
decided in this county. Even now the ac
tual excitement of the contest is appar
ent on the streets, and the headquarters
of the rival candidates are the scenes of
C< So th U men a i h re r Sdent of ginning the
nation at the Congressional Conven
tion Mr Hilborn does not doubt that
with the votes he will get or has got,
from some of the other counties in the
third district, he will win out handily at
the convention. Mr. Metcairs managers,
while they believe that they will obtain
some votes outside of Alameda County,
are confident thai they will be able, out
of this county's sixty-eight delegates, to
elect the titty-seven necessary to a
C NeKher side is taking any chances or
resting upon its oars. It is hardly ex
even by the most enthusiastic In
either camp thai the performance oi .last
Saturday will be repeated. Mr. Hilborn
- to expect not more than half the
county while the most conservative oi
Air Metcairs supporters believe their
Juan Will get at least six of th.- seven As-
Bembly districts. Mr. Hilbprn now claims
as the result "f the primaries: Glenn, with
three votes; Colusa, with four, and Solano.
with fifteen. He also expects to g>t near
ly everything outside of Alameda County.
r-ssman Hilborn and his son-in
law, Mr. Hall, gave the following estimate
of the result of the primaries:
"We shall certainly win this fight in
Alameda County. That is to say. we shall
ol tain a majority of the delegates. Af
fa ;s outside oi AJameda are in good
Glenn, Colusa and Solano are cer
tainly oi;rs, and we have no doubi
thai we shall c-t Folo, Contra Costa and
Lake, it is possible that a few delegates
from counties outside of Alameda will go
but we do not believe a sing]-'
will go outside of Alameda
Met calf.
'•in this i tunty every Indication points
to our obtaining not less than half the
entire delegation. Wo do not need more
than two Assembly districts to nominate,
with the help of outside counties. If we
can carry two Assembly districts in Ala
meda we shall s. . ure the nomination, and
rtain of doing this. We confi
dently expect, however, to carry a ma
jority from Alameda."
At Mr. Metcairs headquarters the Kltti
jition was thus summarized by his man-
I
"Our canvass has been completed, and
•the result, though not unexpected, is
most gratifying. The result of the pri
mary election last Saturday simply
confirmed thai canvass. Mr. Metcalf
will carry every Assembly district in
this county beyond daubt. Hi.s supporters
ure found in all ranks. They represent
the sound, conservative Republicans of
the district, by whom Mr. Hilborn has
been weighed and found lamentably
wanting. Opposed to them are the Fed
eral brigade of Republicans and Demo
cratic office-holders whom Mr. Hilborn
has terrorized with threats and the
•push,' to whom he has been lavish
of promises. These are Mr. Hilborn's
•elements of strength.' Mr. Metcalf
then will be nominated by Alameda
County alone; but In addition there will
«r..me to him at least twenty-three votes
from outside counties."
\V. R. Davis has made public a state
ment declaring that his name will not go
b«fore the convention and releasing all
hie friends from any support they may
oave promised him.
R. W. Church, who la a Pardee dele
gate to the State convention, is also a
candidate for Clerk of the Supreme Court.
If the gubernatorial nomination should
come to Alameda It is understood that
Church will not be mentioned, but other
wise the clerkship may be demanded by
the Alameda delegation.
WILL HAVE TO GIVE
WAY TO MAGUIRE
DELEGATES THINK THEY FORESEE
SLAUGHTER FOR THE TICKET.
Dick Beamer's Delegates Are Being
Given Some Worry by the Pop
ulistic Programmers.
CALL HEADQT'ARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Aug. 15.— The rivalry for places
on the State ticket is by no means in
tense. The number of candidates is not
small, but what strikes the spectator is
the general apathy of aspirants. Politi
cians account of this state of affairs on
the ground that when the ticket is made
up everything is to be sacrificed for the
election of Maguire. Delegates generally
assert that Maguire will carry the State,
but do not express confidence in the suc
ot the whole ticket.
Delegations from the remote counties of
Trinity and Inyo arrived this afternoon.
A. \V. Eibi-shutz of Independence, Inyo,
reports that his people stand in for fu
sion, but take little interest in the tem
porary or permanent organization of the
convention.
William Condon and James W. Bartlett
of Weaverville, Trinity County, support
Magulfe and fusion. The absence of
John McMurray of Trinity is noted.
This is the first time that he has missed
a Democratic State Convention since Gov
ernor Irwin was nominated in Union Hall
in 187.".
A candidate for the State Board of
Equalization from the Fourth District
entered the race this afternoon, or at
least William R. Burke of Los Angeles
yielding to the earnest desire of his nu
merous friends in that district and allowed
his name to be entered on the list. Mr.
Burke has lived in this State for thirteen
years. He was a member of the Arkan
sas Legislature when James R. Jones and
James H. Berry were elected to the
United States Senate. During his public
career in Arkansas he gave much atten
tion to the subject of assessments and
taxation.
According to the fusion programme the
Populists are to have one nominee for the
State Board of Equalization, but the man
ner of determining the district in which
the Populist will parade as the accepted
nominee of the amalgamated party has
not been settled, therefore the adroit
Populists are looking over the field for an
easy district to win. A report was started
to-day that the Third District, now rep
resented by R. H. Reamer of Woodland,
was deemed a walk-over territory for any
lame Popocrat, but Beamer's friends in the
I >emocratic camp resent the intrusion.
When the forces are lined up for voting
on the choice of nominee it will br found
that Beamer is master of the situation.
Fifteen of the twenty delegates of the
San Diego delegation arrived this after
noon, and the remaining five are en route
from San Francisco. A caucus of the
delegates at the Golden Eagle Hotel has
been called. I. I. Irwin is chairman of.
the delegation.
Dr. Matthews of Tehama, Will S. Green
and John Boggs, of Colusa, John Gaffey
and J. Marion Brooks, of Los Angeles, are
some of the old time Democrats attend
ing the convention. Mr. BoggH Is not a
delegate, but he may have a few words
of good counsel to Impart to men entitled
to places in the charmed circle of the
Agricultural Pavilion.
DELEGATES POURING IN.
Democratic Adherents Getting Ready,
for the Scrimmage To-Day.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Aug. 15.— The evening trains
brought up the last of the delegates from
below, and to-night X street In front of
the Golden Eagle, and the office, bar and
lobby of that hostelry are congested with
a perspiring mass of politicians, button
holing, scheming and joking. A few of
the delegates from the south, accom
panied by E. H. Hutchlnson, Populist
nominee for Lieutenant Governor, Carlson
of Los Angeles, Van Meter and Dore of
Fresno. Wardell of San Francisco and a
few other Populist loaders, the remainder
of the Los Angeles delegation, together
with delegates from every county south
of the Tf-hichapi and in the San Joaquin
Valley, came in to-night and scattered
among the various hotels.
The forty-three delegates from Ala
meda, Contra Costa'a quota and the
statet-mrn from th<; other bay and cen
tral counties added to the misery of the
hotel clerks. The mountain districts have
already sent a respectable showing, but
the early morning trains from the north
and east will bring in some more and
these will complete the list.
The center of interest was attached to
the arrival of the Alameda an>l Los An
f;eleß delegations, the former because of
ts bearing on the Harney-McNab mix
up and the southrons in the hope that
they would help their associates already
on the ground to settle the Dockweiler-
Patton tight for chairman. It did not
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 16, 1898.
take either side an instant to get into the
thick of the ntelenj The l>os Angelenos
wc-re scarcely given time to eat before
they were dragged off into caucus and
cud not merge therefrom until long after
midnight.
The Alamedans are somewhat divided
over the Harney-McNab contest. M. F.
Tarpey, W. W. Foote, M. J. Laymance
and Warren English led the fight to nul
lify the action of i!m- Committee of One
Hundred, while W. F. Fitzgerald is sup
porting the effort to seat McNab dele-
The Alamedans are watching the ac
tion of the Loss Angeles delegation with
considerable interest, for they are in fa
vor of Governor Hudd for temporary ,
chairman and permanent as well if the j
Committee of Permanent Organization
recommends him.
H. V. Morehouse also came up this j
evening and is surveying the Democratic !
camp with considerable interest. Kmil
Bauer, who expects to be a delegate from
San Francisco to the convention next
week, waa another Republican visitor who
witnessed the Democratic method of '"do
ing politics." The Harney men to-night
are claiming that San Dleeo ana Santa j
Barbara are with them in their fight.
Among the representative Democratic i
workers who came an : Mayar Phelan,
Colonel W. P. Sullivan. John Foley. An- j
drew J. Clunle, W. P. Lawlor and J. J. I
Dwyer, of San Francisco; State Senators
C. L. La Rue of Napa. W. F. Prisk of Ne
vada, and J. H. Seawell of Mendocino.
Before midnight the Mayor retired from ;
the thick of the agitation and Bought the j
Becluslon of the Suiter Club.
The Alameda delegation, numbering 43
men, of which M. F. Tarpey is chair
man, will caucus in rooms 5 and 6 Clunie
Block to-morrow morning.
The Napa delegation will caucus to
morrow forenoon. The scheme of the .
Populists to Belecl the T>.ird Equaliza
tion District as a convenieni battle ground
for winning a member of the State Board
was projected in the interest of George
Thresher of Butte County. He is a broth
er of C. W. Thresher of the same county.
who was once an unsuccessful candidate
for the position.
SHASTA REPUBLICANS.
They Ask for Barham and Judge
Sweeny on the Ticket.
REDDING, Aug. 15.— The largest Re
publican gathering of the kind ever held
In Shasta County was the Republican
County Convention, which mcl In Redding
last Saturday to nominate delegates to
the State and District conventions. Not
withstanding the severe heat, old-time Ke- j
publicans came from far and near and all
seemed bubbling over with party feeling
and enthusiasm.
Resolutions were passed pi' dging the ;
Shasta County delegates t<> use all honor
able means to bring about the nomination
of the Hon. Judge Edward Sweeny for
Justice nf the Supreme Court of this State.
Judge Sweeny has been Superior Judge of
Shasta Countj for six years.
Resolutions indorsing the Congressional
administration Of Hon. J. 11. Barhnm
were also passed. The delegates .■!..■:■■■!
to attend the State and district conven
tions were as follows: A. J. Drynan, Ed
ML Bwasey, Charles A. Garter, F. P.
Primm. H." O. Wickes, J. G. Cunningham
and Adam Schuman.
On motion the delegates elected to the
State convention were declared to be the
delegates to the Railroad Commission and
the State Board of Equalization conven
tions.
The following delegates were elected to
the Assembly District convention: YV. W.
Shattuck. W. S. Hayes. J. H. Beecher.
Charles Tracie. W. I. Hartman, J. H.
Campbell and J. X. Crabb.
The delegates elected to the Senatorial
District convention were P>dward Sweeny,
F. M. Bwasey, J. W. Brown, H. O Wickes.
R. G. Harvey, S. X. Witherow and \V. W.
Shattuck.
SANTA ANA BEPUBLICANS.
Indorse Needham for Congress and
Urge the Nicaragua Canal.
SANTA ANA. Aug. in. — The Republican
Convention of the Seventh Congressional
District at Newport Beach to-day nomi
nated James Ci»rson Needham of Modes-
to, Stanislaus County, on the second bal
lot, deflating Captain M. J. Daniels of
Riverside, by five votes.
The convention indorsed President Mr-
Klnley'S Administration in peace and war,
urged" the Bpeedy building of the Nicara
gua i 'anal, under the sole control of the
United States Government, and the lay
ing of a telegraph cable to Hawaii, urge
upon Congress the necessity of .still fur
ther enlarging the scope and power of the
forestry board. !
A resolution indorsing V . S. Grant Jr. i
for the I'nit.-d States Senate got no fur- I
ther than the committee room. Opposition
there was so strong that the San Diego
delegation decided to drop it.
RIORDAN FOR CHAIRMAN.
The Republican County Committee will
meet to-night at Shiels Hall, and the
question of electing a chairman, to suc
ceed the late Charles Manwarlng, will
come up. Although the vacancy may not
be filled this evening it is the general
opinion of members of the committee that
Vice-Chairman Rlordan will ultimately be
selected to direct the committee work
during the coming campaign. Owing to
Mr Manwarlng's poor health Vice-Chair;
man Riordan has discharged the duties of
chairman for over a year. J. Ahearn
Is Mr. Riordan's only opponent thus far.
■■. — *
A Boom for Paso Robles.
PASO ROBLEB, Aim. IT,.— Paso Rohles
hap captured the Republican county con
vention. It will be held at the opera house
on Thursday, August 18.
POPULIST CARLSON SAYS THE SOUTH IS
FOR FUSION.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 15.— T0 the Democrats of the South it appears
that the only fight in the State Convention will be over the contesting
delegations from San Francisco. With the exception of less than half a
dozen delegates from Los Angeles, with whom I have talked, the senti
ment among them is in favor of seating the delegation appointed by the
Committee of One Hundred. As the Los Angeles delegation will be gov
erned by the unit rule a solid vote will undoubtedly be given to the Mc-
Nab faction. The entire South is united on the fusion plan, and I do not
nok for any material opposition to it in the convention. I believe the
" cement entered into at the time of the Populist State Convention will
be carried out and those nominees allotted to the Populists indorsed by
the Democrats.
The Southern Democrats have two candidates for positions on the
*irket Judge Hughes of San Diego seeks the nomination for Supreme
rm.rt" Justice, and Charles Edelman of Orange is a candidate for Treas
urer. In the interest of harmony I am of the opinion that a satisfactory
rnmopomise can be made if necessary.
As to the chairmanship of the convention the South is divided be
tween Patton and Dockweiler. In the event the delegations are unable to
nite on either Mayor Phelan of San Francisco is spoken of as a com
promise chairman. Governor Budd's supporters for the position from the
£\nth are few in number. Registration throughout the South is heavier
fi^n in any other section of the State and a fusion ticket would poll the
f«ll strength of the Populists, Democrats and Silver Republicans. There
i^ slight opposition among the Democrats to the indorsement of Barlow
Jor Congress from the Sixth District, and those opposing are in favor of
nostponing action and holding a separate convention somewhere in the
H^trict a few weeks later. I have, however, found many ardent support
ers from the northern counties. Barlow is a tower of strength in the
southern counties on account of his untiring efforts and final results on
the San Pedro harbor matter. Edward L. Hutchinson, Populist nominee
for Lieutenant Governor, is exceptionally popular. All factions are un
nuestionably in favor of his indorsement. His aggressiveness and ability
as a political organizer, coupled with his « tpon * " tt^ m * n * ff 1?o^1 ?o^L r ' M<>
£uire. assure a successful campaign. MILTON CARLSON,
Chairman of the Committee on Platform and Resolutions of the People's
Party State Convention, and Chairman of the People's Party Central
Committee of Los Angeles.
PLANNING TO
SETTLE THE
DISAFFECTION
New Primary Election
Is Suggested.
STATE COMMITTEE MAY ACT
WHAT PROMINENT PABTY MEN
SAY ABOUT THE SITUATION.
Some Delegations in Favor of Seat
ing the Harneyites and Let
ting the Factions Do
the Best They Can.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, Sacra
mento, Aug. 15. — The fight between the
San Francisco factions is growing more
intense and the delegates from the in
terior who are n<>\v here confess that
they do not see the way clear toward
settling the trouble. It was at first
suggested to give each delegation a
half vote, but that plan has not met
with favor. It would be an easy way
of adjusting matters so far as the con
vention is concerned, but it would not
restore harmony in the ranks of the
San Francisco Democracy. The war for
supremacy would be renewed with In
creasing bitterness when the delegates
returned home and nothing is more cer
tain than that two local tickets would
be placed in the field. The plan has vet
to be devised that will be satisfactory
to bqth delegations and send the mem
bers home satisfied when the conven
tion work is over. The best suggestion
this far offered is to give both sides
recognition in the hall convention and
then take the party machinery out of
their hands.
It has been suggested that the con
vention instruct the new State Central
Committee t" call a primary in San
Francisco, take complete charge of the
primary election and give recognition
to the successful faction. If this plan
is adopted to secure a local nominat
ing convention, it is also suggested that
at the same primary a new county com
mittee be elected.
The McXab-Sulllvan faction has lost
considerable ground already and seems
to be making a poor fight among the
country delegates.
Major Harney, John F. McGovern
and Samuel Knhlman have been doing
good work on their side of the fight
and many of the delegates from points
outside of San Francisco seem favor
ably Inclined toward them. Francis J.
Heney, who is a member of the Com
mittee of One Hundred, is opposed to
the appointed delegation said to have
been put up in the interests of McNab.
who would like to go to Congress from
the Fourth District.
"I am not here representing any fac
tion," said he, yesterday afternoon,
while discussing the Pan Francisco
fight with Edward MeGettigan of So
lano County. Edward McCabe of this
<ity and Judcre Harris <>f Fresno. "All
! I want is to have the convention take
I some ' definite stand and settle our
! troubles in San Francisco. Unless
j things are straightened out the Demo
cratic ticket will lose many hundreds of
votes Every one will admit that un
less a good majority is given the ticket
in San Francisco the candidates we
nominate for State offices will be
slaughtered.
"It will not do any good to allow both
factions a half vote in the convention.
That will not bring them together. If
the State Central Committee takes the
matter in hand and calls a primary for
the election of municipal delegates and
a new county committee. I feel that all
good Democrats would be satisfied. The
Harney people are in favor of a prim
ary but the majority of the Commit
tee of One Hundred are opposed to the
plan. Unless some way is found out of
the trouble. I will resign from the com
mittee and I know that a dozen others
will do likewise. I am not in the com
mittee looking for office now or in the
future. I want to see the party succeed
and it cannot possibly succeed if we
are to have two factions vq San Fran
cisco."
"This fight in San Francisco," said
Mr. McGettigan, "is a serious one for
the party. I notice in the i-apers of
San Francisco that the registration has
been very light. The light registration,
in a measure, can be accounted lor by
the fight in the Democratic party, ilany
life long Democrats are so disgusted
with the way things have been handXed
in San Francisco that they have nit
taken the trouble to register. I was in
the city last Saturday and I met in
one home three friends of mine who
told me that they had not registered.
When I asked them the reason they
replied that they were so dissatisfied
with affairs that they did not intend to
vote."
Judge Harris also had a word to say
on the subject:
"The Democrats of Fresno want to
see this trouble straightened out," he
said, "for every one realizes that it is
doing the party great injury."
"The Sacramento delegates feel the
same way," said Mr. McCabe, "but how
are we to settle the matter? Show us
the way," he concluded, "and we will
be only too happy to assist in the
work."
A majority of the delegates assembled
here are of the opinion that the Harney
people have right on their side, but are
hesitating because of a doubt of the
policy of turning down the pro
grammers.
A caucus of the Sacramento delega
tion was held in the Senate chamber
this morning and W. D. Carmichael
was elected chairman. It was at first
Intended to take some action in the
Ran Francisco fight, but it was thought
best to wait and see if the factions
cannot agree upon some harmonious
plan among themselves.
The Kern County delegation is said
to be in favor of seating the Harney
ites and letting the San Francisco fac
tions settle their home fight between
themselves.
MONTEITH WANTS
TO GO TO CONGRESS
SAYS THERE IS A COMPACT TO
BEAT HIM.
If Defeated for the Nomination Before
the Convention He Will Run as
an Independent.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Aug. 15.— A new factor has en
tered into the Fifth Congressional Dis
trict contest In the person of George W.
Monteith, Populist. Montelth, it will he
remembered, was nominated by the Popu
lists two yeare ago in the First District,
and when the fusion arrangement with
the Democruts was effected refused to
give way to F. A. Cutler, thereby ma
terially aiding In the election of Barham.
Monteitti is now in Sacramento making
a flKht for the Democratic-Populist nomi
nation from the Fifth, though, as he can
didly admits, with slight chance of auc
0688. In order to enter the lists, Mon
teith has removed from San Rafael to
1930 A Eddy street, San Francisco. To-day
he gave some interesting information re
garding the .situation from his point of
view.
"There is a secret compact between Mc-
Nab and Loud," said Monteith. "whereby
tin- paths ar.- to be made smoother for
ea>ch. Under this arrangement Julius
Knhn was changed over from the Fifth
District, where he would have had a
stroiiK following, to the Fourth, in which
district he will cut no figure against Mc-
Nab. For the same reason I will be
turned down for the nomination In the
Fifth on the Democratic ticket by the
Gould-Alford-McNab combination and a
man nominated who will cut no figure
whatever in th.- running. TA ith kahn out
of the way the Reptmlican nomination
will bp easy for T.oud. while McNab will
carry off the Fourth District plum in the
Democratic convention.
"But while I may and undoubtedly will
he defeated for the nomination I propose
to mak-< It decidedly interesting for the
combination. 1 have some strong friends
behind me who are urging me to run in
dependently in the Fifth District, but I
am not pr*-ared to state just yet what
1 shall do in this regard."
While Monteith refused to commit him
self definitely it was evident from Ms
manner that he has fully determined to
enter the fight in the Fifth District as an
Independent candidate if the Democrats
refuse to give him the nomination. He
has prepared the following statement for
The Call outlining his position before 1 the
Democratic convention and giving rea
sons for entering the canvass: ,
"It Is the settled policy of Collis P.
Huntington to crush those he cannot con
trol. The most honorable position one can
occupy in t'nlifornia Is a place on his
blacklist. His flat has gone forth that
I shall never be permitted to hold office
WILL RESPECT INSTRUCTIONS
Patton Says the Citrus Belt Brigade Will Line Ud
on but One Proposition.
Our delegation is instructed for Maguire and fusion. What
the individual preferences of the delegates may be on the question
of a straight-out Democratic ticket I cannot say. but we all regard
the instruction to support the committee plan of fusion as an obli
gation which must be respected. The question of admitting the
Harney San Francisco delegation is a matter that must be left for
the convention in its wisdom and fairness to determine and I have
no doubt that a just decision will be reached.
GEORGE S. PATTON.
in California. He has thrown down the
gauntlet and I unhesitatingly pick it up
! and fling it in his face. 1 defy him as I
despise him. His minions are at work to
defeat or make ouious the fusion plan.
They propose to make Maguire's nomma
i tinn barren by stirring up strife among
i his followers, by tearing down every
! strong anti-railroad m;m they can and by
having faith broken with the Populists,
aison for Lieutenant Governor. Dry
den for Railroad Commissioner and Mon
i teith for Congress are to be overthrown
I if those marplots can succeed. They want
to embroil us in endless quarrel and con
troversy and to have us finally thrust
"If ] am beaten it will aid the railroad
in two ways. In the first place it will
be punishing me for making fusion pos
sible, and in the second place it will em
bitter my friends who only ask fair play.
"This fusion plan is bellew d to be con
structed on a purely anti-railroad basis
and yet will the people believe it is. when
those who give their lives and their all
to the battle against tht- monopoly are
stricken down?
•"The only interest to be benefited by
forcing me out is that of the railroad mo
nopoly, and if that result attains does it
• the assertion that the fusion is an
anti-railroad onei .
••it is suggested that I abandon Mr.
Dryden In order to get the nomination
1 seek. That I will never do. Hinton
will be surely elected, and with Dryden
as a coadjutor the next board of Rail
road Commissioners will break up the
"As to Mr. Craig, he is a pleasant,
kindly well-meaning old gentleman, but
is not built to fight Huntingdon on the
Boor of Congress.
••The man" who meets Huntington in
conflict must be alert, vigilant, resource
ful fearless and as lirni as adamant.
He' must expect to be misrepresented,
abused hounded, harassed and perse-
Mi ibis he must accept with equa
nimity and absolute indifference. He
must have plenty of backbone and un
t'.ln'ching determination. Then he must
be i man Huntington doesn't want. That
w'l'v old manipulator knows his enemies
better than he knows his friends. He
measures his fear of their capabilities
tent of his desperation in fight
ing th.-m. 1 am entirely willing to be
judged by that standajrd.
"I think Judge Maguire fair, and that
his real friends will net permit my vol
untary enthusiastic mid earnest support
of him' at a critical moment to be paid
with rank ingratitude, and therefore I
expect to be nominated.
'■•Huntinsrton remembers the Sutro vote
of four years ago with apprehension and
fear He wants to keep me out of Loud' 3
wav" and off the ticket, but I will be
there whether he likes it or not, and he
AD v EBTISEMEVTS.
-Who are about to start housekeeping should start right; buy all the house
; n^n-s for cash of somebody tb^t is willing to sell and at a price that
Sksian afford to pay, and hav-' a 1 few dollars left to begin a bank account.
■ Nothing promotes peace in the family like a well stocked larder Let who
will cTrrv the nurse if there if nothing in it. or nearly nothing, it will al-
■;'aysbe ry abon c of contention If well filled, it will stick families together .
like a plaster. We have **en it tried a hundred times.
SEASONABLE BARGAINS. I REASONABLE BARGAINS.
_ \.\ . U.«-er .....$195 1 A fine $1 50 honey comb bed spread $100
A $10 "Clean Cut" lawn: moj-«- • • ♦ M t lr silver gray blankets, Georgia wool.. 50
100 feet of wire door screening x ; 50 1 pair line plaid blankets, good size .....' 75
BO feet of hose for the yard •••••,•• ••••= x 1 pMr Marysville gray blankets, wool 4 00
1 family cream freezer. v ™. a £ V 75c " 35 1 pair lino white wool California blankets.. 450
Umbrellas, men sizes, h^J. "- "- 25 , x i Hrl , comfort, soft, like Eiderdown.... 225 ,
White muslin caps for in *"!•»•■■■■ 15 Tapestry rugs for the floor 50
Little white parasols no'black.. 50 Linoleum, double width, square yard 32
German knitting yan».J^coiors no mac* i(w th cheap k|nd 5
Ladies' 300 black wool. .filled satin 'bottom 73 Table oilcloth, a hundred patterns 15
Petticoats. $1 nO kind. auilted ««n »k«w 2_2 _ curtains, $7 kind, cut to 850
foo'piVe^ embroider^ linen everything.. 10c up j Satchels, best leather. $7 50 kind, now 375
SERVICEABLE BARGAINS.
Sl»unfSnrsu 9 n\y\S"is;^ "FAREWELL" BARGAINS.
toft •""i^rf'ts'si'btttton saoesV W4 ''ii'lY. S» Cannot be reproduced at doable the price.
****?*£s olive green boots, stylish. Prince Albert coat and vest.. Si-. M
Ladies' $3 50 olive Blt ouv .....150 Maryaville $3 73 cassimere pants 200
2V4 to 4 » ;" "*"i"," i r V"starch 25 Suits, men's, $12, of odd pieces..... 6 C")
10 pounds °JJl n %£"a 7e inches wide.... 8 15 Sunday overcoats, small sizes 500
A P ron r ß mVlv^n'usnn yard wide 5 Fur clothing for the North, $25 suits 12 00
XredXnlm? curtains or upholstery.. 12', Wall paper, you almost make the price.. 3c up
SlKUit..»-tS lKU it..»-t cream baking p0wder.......... 35 Men's gloves, small sizes. 7%. buck.. 2o
B ne^ C clock a curio mounted in .pee- m Men's other leather working gloves, ta 23
One To CIOCK. a cun j, k . Ma 3, > Ught colur ?2 5u hats> now 75
imens • •
Boys' saddle, bare horn and cantle, l^-inch stirrup, leather, single cinch;
$4'4 ' Men Saddle, similar to above, only for men; worth $7 50, ■ cut to » 78.
M^n's saddle, covered horn and cantle. square bastos, b-inch cinch,. $20.
CUt Dry leather has dried up the price of fishing tackle along with fishing
streams. __ :—!: — ! : ,
pTCUTMr T A P'TCT IP K\ ffi K'S'^i 'Ess P" /(£?s\9
FISHING TACKLE. |£k'
iiiUlli «MITn3
|3S?>Hggf-::;: em m STORE
FwTba-kets. dried up to n0w.......... ; ....8ac8 a c 25-^7 Market St., S. F.
' Do not waste money while our stock lasts. +*> -**. .m« 9 .
"--,.--,..- . - ... *■'■■: -■■ - . - - - •
can put that in his pipe, and smoke It
with my compliments.
"GEORGE W. MoNTEITH."
DEATH-DEALING STORM
IN SOUTH DAKOTA
Eight Persons Perish and Many
Others Are Missing — Tennessee's
Terrible Cloudburst.
OAKY. S. D., Aus. 15.— A terrific wind
and hail storm struck MortZ Biding, about.
five miles west of here, to-day. Every
thing in the path of the storm was swept
away. Bight people lie dead here and
others are known to have been killed.
Teh dead are: Joseph Hutchlnson, farm
er his wife, two daughters, and grand
child: <'arl Jugluna of Blanchardsvillei
Wls.; Albert Killion. home in Milwa
Charles Bball, farmer, who waa riding 1
with his wife ami children when the storm
came. SearctilHg parties art- out ail
wife and children.
Thousands o€ dollars' wurth of property
Is destroyed and many cattle ana she* \<
were killed. The Btonn started one mile
northeast <>f Hutchinson'sfarm and struck
his house, driving it through the barn.
The Northwestern Railroad track is torn
up for some • The wounded are
being taken to Canby.
* »ne farmer had MO acres of wheat in the
shock and it was taken up by the wind
and no trace of the crop is left. The dead
were found on the prairie with their
bodies badly mangled and nearly stripped
of clothing.
K.Mi.XVILLK. Tcnn.. An p. 16.—Addi
tional details relative to the terrible cloud
burst in Hawkins County last Friday
morning- were received in tin's city to
night. It was previously reported that
twenty lives were lost in the flood, but it
is now estimated that perhaps thirty-two
persons became victims ot the downpour
from the skies. The rater report also
states that the cioudb'irst visited Green
County, a distance of live miles from the
Beach ('reek section, and killed fifteen to
twenty people In that community.
GOFF BESTED BY BONNEE.
NKW VOKK, Aug. 15.— "Jack" Bonner
of Philadelphia met Charley Goff of San
Francisco and defeated him in the eigh
teenth round be-on- the Greater New
York Athletic Club to-nierht. Goffs
showing was excellent, considering that
he was only n. tided a few hours before
he went into tf/l ring that the club wished
him to take >■•■ place of Dan Creedon,
who had reported sick.
Convention News Continued on
Fourth Page.DEWEY AND MERRITT FORCE THE
UNCONDITIONAL SURRENDER OF MANILA
OUGUSTI FLED
ON A GERMAN
MfJN-OF-WfIR
T"he Joint Attack Was Made on Satur
day flfter the Peace Protocol
Was Signed.
Sony Complications Will Be Avoided by the TaKiOQ
of the Capital City of the Philippines by
tfye American porces.
Special Cable to The Cull and the Xew York Herald. Copyrighted, 18»S, by James Gordon Bennett.
HONGKONG, Aug. 15.— Manila has surrendered to Rear Admiral Dewey.
The Americans bombarded the city Saturday and were soon in possession.
The officers of the Kaiserin Augusta, which arrived here to-day, are very*
reticent regarding Manila, but I have heard from a Spanish passenger who was
on the cruiser that Saturday morning Dewey's fleet advanced toward Manila
and demanded its surrender. The demand was refused. The forts were bom
barded and the city taken by assault.
Augusti, who had relinquished the government before to the Military Gov
ernor, was taken off by the German cruiser late at night. Governor General
Augusti and his family arrived here to-day from Manila on the German cruiser
Kaiserin Augusta. I sought an interview with the Governor General. He re
fused to say anything, however, except that he and his entire family were
returning to Spain.
.General Augusti, shortly after
:\hi& arrival, had a conference with
■Sthe Spanish Consul here.
..." .'The officers and crew of the
;. vjva-i serin Augusta refused to say
;.-X;'irder what circumstances Gen
era) Augusti had left Majula.
;•?« It is remarked that the fastest
.German cruiser was used to
'bring him to Hongkong. The
;. Kaiserin Augusta brought mail
for the German Consul, who at
•/present is at Canton.
It is conjectured that General
■ &ugusti fled from Manila and
i that the Germans arranged the
cletaiis of his flight.
The cruise left Manila on Sat
tmlav last. Her commander re
.; ports that the situation was then
un changed.
The Spanish Consul at Hong
kong has not notified the Span
ish authorities at Manila of the
signing of the peace protocol.
: . It is thought that the Span
iards may discredit the announce
ment of peace taken to Manila
by the steamer Australia^.
Representatives here of the
Philippine insurgents express
■themselves as satisfied with the
terms of peace.
SIMPLIFIES
THE SITUATION
The Taking of the Capital of
the Philippines as Viewed
at Washington.
; . NEW YORK, Aug. 15.— The
•i Herald's Washington corre
jksporident sends the following: In
.■the absence of detailed informa
tion concerning the fall of Ma
nila, the authorities c;ti only
Speculate as to what brought on
.the bombardment that led to the
; ."surrender of the city.
:■;.. Though only Admiral Dewey
. is mentioned in Consul Wild
.; man's dispatch, it is believed that
r.fhe land forces under General
: - Merritt participated in the bat
:, tie.' The American commanders
;-were not expected to bring on a
■ battle in view of the fact that they
v-knew that peace negotiations
.were on foot, but it is realized
. vthat the situation was such— two
.armies confronting each other
, and their lines being separated by
bnly a short distance at some
places — that there was danger of
a battle at almost any time.
. The surrender of Manila will
greatly simplify the task of Gen
" era! Merritt and Rear Admiral
Dewey pending the final settle
ment of peace terms. There will
be no longer any doubt as to the
status of the Spanish troops.
'They will be prisoners of war and
the American commanders can
exercise much more authority
over them than would have been
possible if they had turned over
the city and bay and not formally
surrendered until the final treaty
of peace.
BAY, HARBOR AND CITY OF MONILO.
By the Joint Attach of Admiral Dewey and General Merritt on Saturday These Caroe Into Possession of t^e United
States by Conquest.
TIIE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 16, 1898.
It will, of course, be the duty
of the American troops to pro
tect them from the vengeance of
the insurgents.
The reports of the fall of Ma
nila and the flight of Captain
General Augusti were discussed
by the President to-night with
Secretaries Alger and Wilson
and Adjutant General Corbin.
Not any great importance was
attached to the action of the Ger
man commander in permitting
the Spanish commander to es
cape on his ship. It is supposed
that Captain General Augusti
made arrangements with the
German admiral to board his ship
whenever there was danger of the
capture of the city by the Ameri
cans.
From the way the officials with
whom I talked to-night discussed
it, it is evident the administra
tion does not propose to lay any
undue stress upon it. So far as
can be learned the capture of Ma
nila does not change the situa
tion in the Philippines. The only
difference has been to make the
American hold to the island
stronger than it would have been
had the Spanish troops remained
in the field.
The insurgents still have to be
dealt with, but the authorities are
confident of the ability of Rear
Admiral Dewey and Major Gen
eral Merritt to control Aguinal
do, and they do not look for any
further trouble in the islands in
the Far East for the present at
east. It will- now be Major Gen
eral Merritt's duty to proclaim
the Island of Luzon a military
possession of the United States
md put into force the tariff
schedule with which he was pro
vided before his departure from
San Francisco.
+
NO SURPRISE TO THE
WASHINGTON OFFICIALS,
Augusti by His Flight Lost the Op
portunity of Going Down in
History as a Hero.
WASHINGTON, Aug. l.">.— The Infor
mation contained in Consul Wildman's
j briof message aroused intense interest.
| but created no surprise among those
; officials who read it. For two OT three
(Jays news of the fall of Manila has
j been expected. The last dispatches re
i reived from Admiral Dowey and Gen
> oral Merritt indicated that it was their
purpose to force a surrender of the city
I a« soon as possible.
It is believed that they joined In a
note to General Augusti demanding the
surrender of Manila, threatening to
make a combined sea and land attack
upon the city unless the demand was
acceded to. While no information other
than that received in Consul Wildman's
dispatch has been received by the ad
ministration, it is in a measure con
firmed by a brief dispatch to-night from
Madrid.
If the report of General Augusti be
true, and its accuracy is not questioned
here, the probabilities are that official
dispatches will be received by the Gov
ernment in a day or two at the latest.
The (light of General Augusti from
Manila created some amusing comment
here to-night. As one official expressed
it: "Had he maintained his position,
hard as it was, until the arrival of the
news of peace, he would have been a
hero; but he fled, and he will now be
branded as a coward."
NEWS OF PEACE HAS
LIKELY REACHED MANILA
Secretary Alger Believes the Presi
dent's Proclamation Suspend
ing Hostilities Has Ar
rived There.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 15.— Secretary
Alger said to-day that he believed that
the President's proclamation announc
ing the signing of the protocol had
reached Manila.
SAILED BEFORE SURRENDER.
According to Augusti Germans Com-
mitted a Hostile Act.
HONGKONG, Aug. 16.— 1t was ru
mored here last night that Manila had
surrendered, but no news is obtain
able from the Spanish Consul. Gover
nor General Augusti refused to speak.
The German Consul was called upon,
and he informed the correspondent
that thf outskirts? of Manila were bom
barded by the Americans and that the
city surrendered. No damage was
done to the city proper, only "the out
skirts being bombarded. The date of
the bombardment was unknown to the
German Consul, who refused to say
more. ( J?
General Augusti told a lady that Ad
miral Dewey demanded the surrender
of Manila in an hour. The Spaniards
declined to surrender and they imme
diately began the bombardment, and
the Spaniards hoisted a white flag.
General Augusti immediately jumped
into a German launch which was in
waiting and went to the Kaiserin Au
gusta, which sailed before the bom
bardment was concluded. The bom
bardment occurred on the 13th.
CAPTAIN GENERAL BLANCO
TENDERS HIS RESIGNATION
Gives as the Reason That He Does
Not Wish to Superintend the
Evacuation of Cuba.
MADRID. Aur. 15.— The Government
has received from Captain General
Blattco a dispatch tendering his resig
nation. The reason given by General
Blanco for resigning is that he does
nut wish to superintend the evacuatiun
Of Cuba.
The Government is also informed
UNCONDITIONAL SURRENDER.
Offcial Report of Affairs at Manila Made by
Consul Wildman.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 15.— The Department of
State has issued the following:
The following dispatch was received at the State De
partment at 11:15 p. m., August 15, from Consul Wildman,
Hongkong:
"August! says Dewey bombarded Manila Saturday. City
surrendered unconditionally. Augusti was taken by Ger
mans in a launch to the Kai serin Augusta and brought to
Hongkong. I credit report."
that General Au<*usti, Governor Gen
eral of the Philippines, will leave Ma
nila for Spain by the first mail steamer,
giving his command to the second in
rank.
SOBER THOUGHT HAS
SUBDUED THE CUBANS
No Ldnger Talk of Continuing Hos
tilities Despite the President's
Proclamation.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Aug. 14.—
Hours of sober thought have consider
ably modified the views of Cubans on
the subject of cessation of hostilities.
There is no longer any talk of not rec
ognizing the fact that peace has been
virtually declared between the United
States and Spain. The Cubans have
come to realize that such a view of
affairs might make the situation very
disagreeable for them.
The censorship which was reimposed
here a week ago has been lifted and
I am able to tell of a remark that Gen
eral Shafter made on this subject to i
me Saturday. It had been cut by the j
censor out of my dispatch referring to
the attitude of the Cubans. "I do not
believe," Gen. Shafter said, "th&t the
Cubans will go on fighting in the face
of the proclamation." Here he brought
his fist down on the table by way of
emphasis. "But if they do," he con- j
tinued. ""they will be making an attack
upon the United States and will be
treated accordingly."
What Garcia may do is hard to tell,
but Castillo and other leaders here be
lieve that he will at once cease opera
tions and faithfully observe the procla
mation.
1 .;:;■■ —- •
Last of the Orr Murderers in Jail.
PINE BI,I*FF. Ark.. Aug. 15.— Miss
Rachel Morris of Clarendon, accused of
being accessory to the murder of John
Orr, is believed to be in jail here. "While
the authorities denied that Miss Morris
was in Jail, they made no attempt to ex
plain who the woman was, except to men
tion tha-t she was held as a murderess.
SLATED TO SERVE
ON COMMISSIONS
McKinley Is Completing
His Selections.
ALLISON TO GET A PLACE
HE, DAY AND TRACY ON THE
PEACE BODY,
Rear Admiral Sampson to Be Ap
pointed to the Cuban Board and
Commodore Schley to That
of Porto Ric(*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 15.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: President McKinley Is
adopting every means possible to get
in touch with public opinion on the
question of the Philippines and the
final terms of peace with Spain. Pres
ident McKinley realizes that at the
present time public sentiment in this
country strongly favors holding all the
islands of the group, but there are no
indications that he is yet ready to
adopt this policy.
Senator Allison's appointment as a
member of the peace commission Is
now regarded as assured and his name
is added to that of Secretary Day on
the list of members. The appointment
of Former Secretary of the Navy Tracy
as a member of the commission is re
garded as practically assured.
There is no longer any doubt that
Ambassador Hay is to be Secretary of
State upon the retirement of Secretary
Day. It cannot be said, however, that
Whitelaw Reid has been definitely se
lected to succeed Hay.
The President decided to-day to ap
point Major General M. C. Butler, com
manding the first division of the Second
Army Corps, to the Cuban commission.
The other army members of this com-f
mission will be Major General Wade,
who was one of the men originally se
lected. Major General John R. Brooke
still stands at the head of the military
committee to be sent to Porto Rico.
It is now the intention of the President
to associate with him Brigadier Gen
eral Theodore Sen wan.
It is now understood Rear Admiral
Sampson will be the naval member of
the Cuban commission and Rear Ad
miral Schley of the Porto Rican com
mission. ___^___________
DON CARLOS PEACEABLE.
Pretender Discouraging Insurrec-
tionary Tendencies in Spain.
LONDON, Aug. 15.— A special dis
patch from Lucerne, Switzerland,
says the following inspired statement
has been made there:
'"Notwithstanding his disapproval of
the course the Government at Madrid
is taßTngr, Don Carlos maintains his
firm intention to discourage any actual
rising in Spain and is using all his in
fluence to quell insurrectionary tenden
cies and attempted uprisings upon the
part of his devoted followers."
Saved From the C. C. Funk.
LONDON. Aug. 16.— Further advices
from Melbourne say that two persons,
named Peterson ami Kroum, were saved
from the American bark C. C. Funk,
Captain Nlpson. bound from Tacoma for
Melbourne, the wreck of which, off Flin
ders Island, Tasmania, with the loss of
eleven lives, including those of the cap
tain, his wife and two children, has been,
reported.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OLD MEN— YOUNG MEN.
>ig'* '.jgfrgv If you want to be cured
/^•^vMa^ik or strengthened consult
iSjN?*""^!^*^! Dr. Meyers & Co. They
it^&i iB have been successful In
oSy*- ' *W treating diseases and
bwj **Jb£ weakness of men for 17
Ic&t f^S^TfiP^li years They have the
V«l& ,C^W HsJ largest and best equipped
\M ' J^--^^ \Sf Institution on the coast
\i it 1 >(«** I * or treating ailments of
*f*i t^taSr Aliments recently con-
' VXSiV^ift'C'JXiw ' tracted or those which
r^lJi^3ai2ltV«ES -^ have become dangerous
tl/fciv'SjHlsSlijpfir^^ '.frum bad treatment or
ff^f N3h—^HHSßh^S neglect are quickly and
I ■rV^&) ; ~ssrl^S!ws» permanently cured by Dr. ■
Meyers & Co.
Victims of . nervous debility, partial or com-
plete loss of vital power, drains, losses, etc., '
which have been brought on by excesses. In-
discretions, overwork. worry, etc., quickly
and permanently restored to perfect manhood. ■
No Pay Till Cured— Consultation Free.
You take no chances in treating with Dr. Mey-
ers & Co.. They will not only make you sound
and well, but you ! may keep your money until
you are permanently cured. Dr. Meyers & Co.'s
dealings with patients, either at office or by
mall, are , sacredly confidential.
While a personal interview is preferable,
thousands are cured without seeing the doctors.
Sufferers who cannot visit the city or call on
a part of the staff when they make their regu-
lar monthly visits to interior towns, should
; write for private book for men, free treatise on
any disease, symptom blanks and advice. All
free. _^_
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market St., San Francisco.
t i ire ci cv i tad Hours dally s to 18— to i.
, TAKE ELEVATOR k ™? g8 7 to «
U Sundays 9 to 11.
34
DOCKWEILER IS
CAUCUS CHOICE
FOR THE CHAIR
Patton Beaten, Withdraws His
Name for the Temporary
Office.
Production of a Railroad Pass Causes Con
sternation Among the Delegation
From the South.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- !
MENTO, Aug. 15.— As pretty a fight is
on in the Los Angeles delegation as one
could wish to see and which promises
to have a hearing of considerable mo- i
on the convention. Here is tho j
Btory of the trouble as given by one
of the Mitchell followers:
For several years what is known as
the "Tennessee Brigade." among which
is numbered Dr. Hill, chairman of the
County Committee; W. R. Burke,
George S. Patton. Frank James and
John T. Gaffey, have been struggling to
Rain control of the party machinery in j
lea County. Several months ;
ago they began operations looking to
the capture of the delegation to the
Ftate convention. Their programme
included the overthrow of John
W. Mitchell, A. Ramish. M. C. Marsh.
J. Marion Brooks and others of equal
prominence, through whose efforts the
party organization has been kept up in
the southland. These men did not be
gin the work of fortifying themselves
in their positions until a week before
the county convention, but when they |
did start in they made a brave showing.
George S. Patton was one of the lead
ers of the attack on the re-gular or
ganization and directed his attention
particularly to Mitchell. The election j
of delegates to the county convention ;
afforded the opportunity Patton and j
his associates sought.
Mitchell was a candidate for
delegate from the Fifth Super
visorial District, his opponent be
ing a colored man, the only one
pitted against the Southern man to in
tensify his chagrin at being delegate.
Mitchell claims he received a majority
of eight votes, but was counted out and
his seat given to his colored opponent.
The struggle for control of the con
vention was intensely bitter, Patton
and his followers being accused of hav
ing promised everything in sight in the
way of patronage and a whole lot that
■was purely chimerical. One of the
Issues raised was that the railroad was
back of the Mitchell following and was
giving out passes to Sacramento to its
delegates to the State Convention.
At 2 o'clock this afternoon the Pat
ton forces thought that possibly the
Dockweiler camp included a majority
of the delegates from Los Angeles
County. They thereupon proceeded to
consider the proposition for a Hank
tnent to utterly demoralize the
enemy.
The flank movement in contempla
tion was this: One of the delegates
from the Fifth Supervisorial District
of Los Angeles County is Robert J. Ad
cock. After Mr. Adcock was chosen a
delegate he claims that he was ap
proached by Thomas McCaffery, chief
train dispatcher of the Southern Pa-
Cific at Los Angeles, and informed that
he would be given transportation to
the convention by the railroad com
pany. As a guarantee of good faith
Mr. McCaffery gave Mr. Adcock an or
der on the ticket agent at Los Angeles
for a ticket.
But Mr. Adcock declined to use the
order and proceeded to pay his fare to
Sacramento at the regular rate. The
order for the ticket Mr. Adcock kept
and turned over to Dr. R. W. Hill, a
delegate from Los Angeles and a Pat
ton man. The order was exhibited dur
ing the afternoon and the announce
ment was made that it would be used
on the floor of the caucus if necessary
as an argument tending to show that
the railroad company was endeavoring
to defeat Patton for chairman by the
free use of passes, orders for passes and
possibly money.
Mr. Adcock said to a Call correspond
ent: "The order for transportation
was given me with a request that I
vote against Patton for chairman and
for another party for chairman of the
Lor Angeles County delegation. I was
also to vote for parties for Railroad
Commissioner and member of the State
Board of Equalization from our district
as should be suggested to me later on.
I consider this proposition to unduly
influence delegates an unfair one and
turned the order for the transportation
to the chairman of our committee ex
plaining how it was given me. I did
not desire to see any man defeated by
the railroad company by such meth
ods" The following is a copy of the
order received by Mr. Adcock:
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 13.— C. S.: The
bearer is Mr. R. J. Adcock. Please fix
him to Sacramento. T. McCAFFERY.
This order was written on a sheet of
ordinary legal cap and in the style and
handwriting of the telegraph operator.
The Mitchellites deny these charges
In toto. They assert that Maguire has
no stauncher supporters in the State
than they, or that no warmer advocates
of fusion can be found. They explain
the Adcock pass affair in this way.
Adcock was a candidate for the
Assembly from t"he Seventy-third Dis
trict four years ago, but was defeated
by Frank Finlayson. Adcock has al
ways been prominent in Democratic
politics in his county, affiliating with
the regular organizations. One day J.
Marion Brooks met Adcock and asked
him if he was going to the State Con
vention. Adcock said he could not af
ford the trip and asked Brooks if he
thought the railroad would give him
transportation.
Brooks replied that he thought the
railroad was not doing anything in that
line this year, but he would see what
could be done. Brooks then saw Mc-
Caffery and asked him if there was any
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
No soap in the
world is so cheap.
No soap in the
world is so lasting.
chance for Adcock to secure transporta
tion to Sacramento.. McCaffery as
sured Brooks that the railroad was not
giving transportation t<> anybody, but
as a personal favor to Brooks he i Mc-
Caffery) would give Adcock a personal
order for a ticket — not a pass. McCaf
fery wrote out the order and gave it to
Brooks and had it ever been presented
and a ticket issued it wo-uld have been
charged to his account, but for some
reason Adcock never made use of it.
The fight between the two factions
has waged bitterly all day. This after
noon the delegation held a caucus for
tho purpose of deciding whether the
delegation should support Dockweiler
or Patton for temporary chairman of
the convention. At the hour named for
the caucus to meet not more than
twenty delegates put in an appearance,
and the caucus was adjourned until this
evening. At 9 o'clock, the hour named
for the meeting, only one of Dock
weiler's supporters was present. In
the meantime about thirty-five of Pat
ton's friends in the delegation had
gathered.
Some of them desired to have the
caucus called to order, but Patton him
self counseled against it. He argued
that no snap judgment should betaken.
At 9 p. m. I. B. Dockweiler and Mayor
M. P. Snyder of Los Angeles, one of
the leaders of the Dockweiler forces.
DOCKWEILER OF LOS ANGELES IS FRANK
ABOUT HIS ASPIRATIONS.
SACRAMENTO, Aug
15. — I am a candidate be
fore the Los Angeles Count
caucus for the chairmanshi )
of the State Democratic con
vention. My candidacy be
fore the convention can onl\
however, be determined b_
the action of the caucus o
the Los Angeles delegation
which I am informed will b
held to-night. Should I re
ceive a majority vote of th
delegation at the caucn
meeting I will be a candidat
for the chairmanship as th
choice of the Los Angele
County delegation.
So far there has been no compromise arangement be
tween Mr. Patton and myself regarding the chairmanship.
As I understand it at the present time we will go before the
caucus for its indorsement, and should Mr. Patton receive
the majority vote of the Los Angeles delegation at the cau
cus I shall be one of his heartiest supporters for the chair
manship honors. Mr. Patton and I are personal friends. I
have always been a supporter of Mr. Patton's political aspir
ations in the past. I believe I have a majority of the I ,os
Angeles delegation at this hour. I base this statement upon
interviews had with various members of our delegation and
reports brought to me by those friendly to my candidacy.
I have been a Magiiire man ever since July. 1897, when
I promised him personally my support. I am unqualifiedly f of
fusion because I believe the same to be for the besi interest
of the Silver forces and an assurance of success in the com
ing campaign. lam not thoroughly informed as to the facts
regarding the San Francisco contest. This will be a matter
for the convention at large to deside. Should I be chosen
temporary presiding officer of the convention I shall take
particular pains to appoint none but representative, fair and
honest Democrats to the committee on credentials.
Do I think that it is in line with the true spirit of Dem
ocracy to take away from the body of the party the right to
select' its delegates to a State convention and place that au
thority in the hands of a self-constituted committee? Speak
ing generally I should say no, but special cases require special
treatment. lam a Democrat and of course as such believe in
the principle that the party should be close to the people at
all t j mes . . ISADORE B. DOCKWEILER.
came rushing into the Senate chamber
Sin™ and out of breath, They an
i unred that the San Francisco train
h id lust arrived and that the Los An
geles delegates on the delayed train
were seeking accommodations Mr.
Snvder asked that the caucus be de
layed until they could have an oppor
tunity to arrive.
Messrs Patton and Dockweiler held
a brief consultation and Mr Patton
later made a statement requesting that
the caucus be adjourned until 11 p. m.,
explaining why the late hour had been
fixed and pleading with his friends to
take no snap judgment. This propo
sition was favorably received and by
unanimous consent agreed to.
With this Mr. Dockweiler and Mayor
Snyder left the chamber and carried
the word to the Dockweiler delegates
at the various hotels.
Then there was a scurrying and a
running here and there of Dockweiler
lieutenants to marshal their forces.
But it was a labor that was not lost
as later proceedings demonstrated. It
was 11:10 p. m. when Delegate Shirley
Ward called the caucus to order. A
request for a few .moments" delay was
made and granted.
When a few moments later Delegate
Ward asked for nominations for tem
porary secretary, and Dal Neuhart was
chosen. M. W. Conkling was suggested,
but he declined.
I. B. Dockweiler nominated Dr. R. W.
Hill for chairman of the delegation, and
he was chos .n with Judge C. C. Wright
as vice-chairman. The roll call dis
closed the fact that 7" delegates out of
81 were present either in person or by
proxy.
TTIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 16, 1898.
At *he conclusion of the roll call all
proxies to the number of about twenty
were given to the secretary. Delegate
Conkling desired to know if proxies
would be returned to the parties pre
senting them. The caucus ordered thia
done. When the proxy of Delegate
Omri Bullis was announced as having
been given to I. H. Messrnore the point
of order was made that as Messmore
was not a duly elected delegate to the
State convention he could not hold the
proxy, as the Los Angeles County con
vention expressly instructed against
proxies being given out sick- of the dele
gation. Colonel Messmore has dele
gated Thomas Carey to act for him.
After some talk a motion was made
that the proxy of J'.ullis given by Mess
more to Casey be allowed. Then a
battle royal commenced and long
winded arguments were presented pro
and con.
After over an hour had been wasted
In debate a vote was taken, with the
result that the Bullis proxy was re
jected by a vote of 46 to 30. The ma
jority of the delegates considered it a
good test vote and that Patton would
certainly be the choice of the caucus
for chairman of the convention.
Chairman Wright then announced
that the next order of business would
be the 'selection of a Los Angeles Coun
ty representative to be presented be
fore the convention for chairman.
George S. Patton was placed in nomi
nation by Major A. McCremmin, who
said that the delegation owed it to
Patton to show that they appreciated
his fidelity to the Democratic party.
D. K. Trask in a brief but eulogistic
b placed I. B. Dockweiler in in'mi
nation. The roll was called and to the
great surprise of the Patton forces
Dockweiler was declared to be elected.
The vote stood- Dockweiler, 40: Pat
ton, 37. After the result of the vote of
the caucus had been announced Mr.
Patton was interviewed and in response
to questions, said: "No, sir. I will not
allow my name to go in-fore the con
vention as a candidate for temporary
chairman. I will abide by the decision
of the caucus."
LAWLOR'S ROUGH RIDERS.
They Say Thnt Whispering McNab
Hasn't the Ghost of a Show.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Aug. If>.--A new element \v;is
projected Into the situation this evening
on th*_> arrival of the late train. There
was on board a considerable delegation
shouting for Judge W. I. Lawlor for Con
gressman from the Fourth District. They
arrived with every .'how of confldenc • that
they had the fi^rht won. According to their
figures, neither McNab nor Barry has a
ghost of a show. They declare thai Mc-
Nab is in the fight merely for 1 1 1 * - purpose
of throwing his strength to Marry, but
that tho throw will be futile, as 'Lawlor
has the strength in sight to overcome the
combination.
They scoff at the declaration that Mr-
Nab is not In the fight, saying that he
will do his utmost to win and will only
surrender for the benefit of Harry when
he sees there is no hope for himself.
WOLFE TONE MONUMENT.
Memory of the Irish Patriot Honored
at Dublin.
DT'BLIN, Aug. 15.— The whole city was
en fete to-day in connection with the lay
ing of the foundation stone of the monu
ment in memory of Wolfe Tone.
John O'Leary and <'aptain O'Connell, of
New York, headed the procession, which
occupied two hours in passing a given
point. Jamea Stephen rode in an open
carriage.
Mr. O' Leery laid the stone with a silver
trowel sent from Connecticut by a grand
daughter of Wolfe Tone.
This evening the Lord Mayor entertain
ed the delegates. On the return of the
Belfast contingent to that city at 11
O'clock to-night, a fierce conflict ensued
between the contingent and a hostile
crowd which had gathered and was await
ing their arrival. Stones and other mis
siles were thrown and many persons were
slightly injured and many windows
broken.
A Forlorn Hope.
STOCKTON, Aug. 15.— Charles A. Wet
more, the well-known expert, who was al
ways a Republican till he declared for
:"[■<•.• silver and Bryan, was to-day nomin
ated by the Stockton Democrats for As
semblyman, but under an agreement with
the Populists if their nominee, Dr. For
raan, thinks he is the right man for the
place, and hia friends say he has that
opinion of himself, it is likely that Mr.
Wctniore will be dropped.
PATTON IS A
FAVORITE FOR
CHAIRMANSHIP
Big Delegation From
the South,
A HUNDRED AND FORTY-ONE
OPPOSITION TO FUSION CAN
DIDATE VAN DYKE.
Los Angeles Asks for the Nomina
tion of Joseph D. Lynch, for
the Office of Secretary
of State.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, Sacra
mento, Aug. 15.— Topics connected with
the organization of the convention en
gage the attention of delegates and
candidates. George S. Pattpn and Isi
dore Dockweiler of Los Angeles anivetl
to-day and during the afternoon held
quite a conference in Mr. Patton's
rooms at the Golden Eagle Hotel. The
personal relations existing between
the two candidates who have been
brought forward for the position of
temporary chairman of the convention
are of the most cordial character and
nothing is likely to develop which will
disturb the existing harmony.
Indications point to Mr. Patton as the
winning man. He possesses fine ability
as a presiding officer, bring endowed
with qualities of mind which enable
him to act with prompt decision. Tact
counts for a great deal in the manage
ment of a Large body of earnest dele
gates, and this prime quality is one of
Patton's gifts.
The numerical strength of the Los
Angelee delegation is eighty-one, and
judging by expressions used by Mr.
Patton in an Interview for The fall,
the delegation will act as a unit in the
i main propositions of the convention.
The Sixth Congressional District, by
reason of the large vote cast for Bryan,
will wield a powerful Influence in the
convention which assembles to-morrow.
Apart from the eighty-one delegates
from Los Angeles County, there are
sixty delegates from five other eoun
i ties of the district, making a total
I strength of 141 votes. The Fourth
I Congressional District Of San Fran
cisco swings but 89 votes in the con
vention.
Many of the delegates from Southern
California are supporting tin candidacy
of A. W. Hutton for Justio- of the Su
preme Court, although Van l>yki\ the
accepted fusion nominee, is from that
region. The claim for both Judgeships
is based on tliL- fact that Southern Cal
ifornia has no representative at present
I in the Supreme Court.
The candidacy of It. Y. Mcßride for
; State Printer is gaining headway under
the pressure from the south, and his
' nomination is now predicted by many
j who haw given the subject close study.
Southern California comes to the
front with a candidate for Secretary of
i State in the person of Joseph D. Lynch,
i formerly editor of the Los Angeles Her
ald. The fact- that Mr. Lynch has been
j a resident of San Francisco for a year
■: or more docs not deprive him of the
: honor and distinction belonging to a
! citizen of the Bouth land.
For the State Board of Equalization,
Fourth District, Los Angeles comes to
i the front readily with two candidates.
j One is \V. H. Workman, ex -Mayor of
that city, and the other Manuel Mer-
I ritt.
The pleasant and cordial greeting ex
| tended to John T. Gaffey of Los Ange
les tends to establish the knowledge
that the old war horses of the Demo
cratic party are admired if not re
warded.
Major Harney, Harbor Commissioner
and straightout uncompromising Dem
ocratic stalwart, came up from the bay
j this afternoon and at once produced a
I receipt showing that he hud hired a
hall. Fusion may have its allurements,
but still Democrats of the Harney
school have champions. No one can
tell just now what the convention will
i do with the 154 delegates chosen at the
primary elections in San Francisco, but
the common talk among groups of un
trammeled delegates from the interior
is not complimentary to the plan of
appointing delegates by committee and
sending men to the convention by
proxy.
Major Harney is receiving many tele
grams of good cheer from the incom
ing delegations. The wind messages
tell him to stand firm as the boys are
With him. Some of these messages tend
to convince the major and his follow
ers that the vital spark of the old-time
party organization has not been ex
tinguished by the wet blanket of fu
sion.
REPUBLICAN CAUCUSES.
Perfect Harmony Among- Sacramento
Brethren and One Ticket.
CAT.T. HKADQTARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Aug. ir,.-The Republican cau
cuses throughout the city to-night passe,]
off without a hitch and in perfect har
mony. The following delegates to the
State convention were placed on the vari
ous tickets, and there being no contests
the same will be elected at to-morrow's
primaries:
Delegate at large, E. C. Hart; delegates
to Republican State and District con
ventions—F. R. Dray, F. P. Tebbets J
W. Wilson. E. C. Atkinson, C. N. Post. A.
J. Rhoade.s. H. W. Cavanaugh, Grove L.
Johnson. C. K. Lipman, George Stack P.
A. Daroux. J. L. Glllis, W. H. Govan, 'El
wood Bruner, J. H. Batcher, M. J. Dill
man, Joseph Kinney. W. B. Sawyer Wil
liam Curtis. F. J. Johnston. W. W. Greer
William Johnston. T. C. Perkins.
Delegates to the Second Congressional
District— At large. A. J. Bruner; dele
gates—M. A. Baxter, J. M. Avery, \V F
Knox, J. B. Devine. E. J. Dv.yer, W. B.
Thorpe, Thomas James, Stanton Fore
man. I. A. Robie, Theodore Keening. J. A.
Hnrney, J. E. Terry. William Hanlon
Matt Flynn, J. H. Dolan, W. J. Hall,
Charles E. Holllster, Frank KunstiiiK, W
E. Lovdal, J. J. Campbell, Ebon Owen, C
L. Ecklon.
MONTEREY REPUBLICANS.
Delegates to County Convention As
semble at Salinas — Long
Session Expected.
SAUNAS. Aug. 15.— The city is rapidly
filling this evening with delegates to the
Republican County Convention. Owing to
recent exposures and deficits and the
loose methods of the courthouse officials,
great anxiety is manifested among office
holders as to their being ronominated.
Present indications are tfiat a hard fight
will be made for the offices of County Re
corder, Treasurer, County Chrk and As
sessor. The last two are now held by
Democrats. The convention will hold a
longer session than usual. Several im
portant planks instructing delegates to
the State Convention are to be presented.
Stealing a Ballot-Eox.
LOS ANGELES. Aup. If..— A. C. Day
swore to a complaint this morning charg
ing John Grlffln, Edward Hurley, Richard
Edwards and two unknown nv-n with dis
turbing the peace. The real intention is
to try the men for ballot-box stealing,
which offense they are alleged to have
committed on Saturday last during the
Republican primnrles. Griffin is a San
Francisco man. They have been arrested.
MAJOR HARNEY
IN THE FIGHT
AND FOR KEEPS.
Tells of His Interview With the
Sullivan Committee in
This City.
Hutchinson, Populist Candidate for Lieutenant
Governor. Gushes Over the Fusion
Arrangement and Hopes for Things.
THE CALL'S HEADQUARTERS,
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 15.— There has
been an industrious effort to show that
Major Harney is no longer in the fight,
and this has been offset by the major
himself, who is not only in the fight,
but in it to stay. The effort is due to
the enemies of the p'rimarj| system who
have taken matters Into their own
hands. They assert that the Harney
ites have been placed bora de combat
and that their claims are not to be con
sidered by the State Convention. The
major, being asked about this, made a
very pointed denial which seems to set
tle the question.
"A 1 the tir.-t meeting of the com
mittee of nine," said the major, with a
show of feeling little hort of indigna
tion, "two representatives from each
of the two bodies, tlie Harney commit
tee and the Sullivan committee, were
asked to be present to set forth their
respective sides, l was asked to be
there and just as I was about to speak
RlcNab Interrupted and put this ques
tion, 'Would it not be advisable to ask
from Major Harney how far he would
be hound for those he represents by
the decision of the committee.' On my
replying a messenger was sent to one
of the rooms on the lower floor of the
California Hotel to get a copy of the
resolution defining the powers of the
committee of nine. Soon as the mes
senger returned with a copy of the
resolution it was presented to chair
man Fitzgerald and he ruled that the
question was out of order and that
therefore the committee of nine never
obtained any promise from me to be
bound by the decision and any allega
THREE COUNTIES
AGAINST FUSION
MENDOCINO, HUMBOLDT AND SO-
NOMA FOR SEAWELL
They Call Attention to the Failure of
Fusion in the North Two
Years Ago.
THE OAT.T. HEADQUARTERS, SAC
RAMENTO, Aug. 15.— The Sonoma Coun
ty delegation composed of nineteen dele
grates, has come to tie convention with
three definite purposes In view. They
are to secure the nomination of J. H. S*-a
w<'!l for Governor, defeat fusion, and aid
in Beating the Hamey delegation from
San Francisco. On these propositions
the delegation will vote as a unit, and
each member hag declared hlfl intention
of declining to recede from the position
that lias heen taken.
In the effort to secure the nomination
of Judge Beawell the Sonoma delegates
will be joined by those from Mendocino
County and probably by those from
Humboldt County. It is also probable
that the delegates from both of these
last named counties will also stand to
gether on the anti-fusion proposition, as
well as in the endeavor to secure the
Beating of tho Harney delegation from
San Francisco.
This sentiment is fostered by a keen
recollection of the incidents of the cam
paign of tw> years ago, when fusion was
agreed to in the First Congressional Dis
trict The Democratic nominee then was
F A. Cutler of Humboldt, the Populist
nominee was George W. Monteith and
the Republican nominee was John A.
Barham, the Incumbent Under the fu
sion agreement it was decreed that Man
teith should resign in favor of Cutffr,
and that Cutler should thereby become a
fusion nominee. Monteith refused to re
sign and remained in the light, thereby
receiving the Populist vote and defeat
ing as the Democrats say. Cutler.
This has been remembered by trie Dem
ocrats of the district, and they now de
clare they are against fusion in any form,
first, last and all tho time.
C O. Dunbar, editor of the Santa Rosa
Press-Democrat, is one of the Sonoma
( '..Kiity delegates. He arrived here to
day and at once began the task of seeur-
Ing Buppori for the Gubernatorial aspira
tions of Judge Sea-well. He also made it
known that he was opposed to fusion as
applied lo State politics, and that he and
his fellow delegates would do everything
possible to defeat the present fusion ar
rang< merit.
"So far as the Sonoma County delega
tion is concerned." he said, "we are lor
BeaweU for Governor, first, last and all
the time. Aside from that we will en
deavor to defeat fusion.
"It is the general feeling among the
Democrats of Sonoma County that fusion
in State politics is a mistake, and the ac
tion of the delegation in opposing fusion
will be in accordance with this feeling.
p ( rsonally. ' 'im opposed to fusion be
cause I believe that the Democratic party,
by making any combination for support
With the Populists or Silver Republicans,
will lose more strength than it will gain.
Fusion in counties is all very well, as
the community is small and the wishes
of the great majority of voters is well
known. But when the proposition Is ap
plied to State politics. I am unalterably
opposed to it, for the reason that 1 be
lieve a groat party should not resort to
such small methods of getting what is
supposed to be a momentary advantage.
We in the First Congressional District,
have had a bitter lesson on this fusion
proposition and we are able to speak from
experience. We accepted fusion two years
ago and the Populist nominee. George YV.
Monteith by refusing to resign in obedi
ence to the fusion arrangement, remained
in the fight and succeeded in defeating the
Pemocartic nominee. F. A. Cutler. The
men who are running the present fusion
arrangement now propose tn make this
same Monteith the fusion candidate for
Congress from the Fir** District. This is
a little more than we can stand for even
II we' were ti"t Opposed to fusion as a
general proposition. If the fusion agree
ment is ratified it will be accomplished
without the votes of the Sonoma County
delegation.
"As to the fight between the twit con
testing San Francisco delegations I do HOT
care to say much at this time. As a gen
eral proposition we are prepared to stand
by the Harney delegation, as we are op
posed to the method* by which the other
delegation was brought into existence. If
the Harney nr-ople do what is right *hey
win receive our ninport and I believe they
will receive, the- support of a naiorit:' of
tho delerares at this eonveni'on."
r.F.VTNGS.
CONGRESSMAN LOUD ABBJVES.
The Postal Commissioner Talks on
Various Subjects of National
Importance.
Eugene F. Loud, Congressman of the
Fifth District, arrived last night on the
Central overland and will reman hero un
til after the election. With him came
Senator Faulkner of West Virginia and
ttons to the contraiy are an injustice
to me and to those I represent."
This disposes of tht statement that
the Harneyitea are nut of the fight.
Thi •>■ are her< for the purpose of fight
ing. There will be a imi-ry war to
morroT?.
Edward L. Hutchison, Populist nomi
tfee for Lieutenant O. ■v t -rnor,makes the
following statement concerning the
present political .situation: "Present
Indications are that 99 per cent of the
Democrats of this State are in ftvor of
fusion with the Populists and th-» Sil
ver Republicans, and nearly every
Democrat is in favor of the plai. of
fusion as outlined at Sacramento Kst
month. It is believed that not more
than 2 or 3 per cent of the Populists
are opposed to fusion according- to the
same plan. So far as known the Silver
Republicans are unanimous upon the
question of fusion.
"The friendly contest over the chair
manship shows a hopeful and health
ful spirit <in the part of all who are
engaged in the contest. Few people
struggle for leadership in a ho-peless
cg,use. As most any of the. men spo-.
1% n of for <h;iirman would be accept
able to those who are interested in the
liberal cause, the hopeful spirit is
shown by the large number of candi
datea for all the State and district of
flces for which candidates are to be
nominated this week.
"While in some i. arts of the State the
registration of voters is less than it
was two years ago, the southern coun
ties win show very large increase over
any previous registration. I believe
that the entire fusion plan outlined
here a month ago will be carried out
by tho Democratic and Silver Repub
lican conventions, and that ihe entire
State ticket will be elected in Novem
ber."
Congressman Moody of Massachusetts,
members of the Postal Commission which
has been investigating the conditions ex
isting in the postal service from Maine to
California. Other' members of the com
mission are Senator Chandler of New
Hampshire, Congressman Fleming- of
Georgia and Senator Walcott of Colorado,
who will not. however, include this city
in their investigations, leaving: the task
to the three who arrived last night.
"We have Investigated the existing con
ditions of the postal service," said Mr.
Loud last night, "from one end of the
country to the other, forming- compari- i
sons to discover whether the service can j
be made uniform and suiting the particu- i
lar demands of each locality. A great at
tention: was bestowed upon the investiga- :
tion of second-class, mail matter and ac
cordingly much time .was spent in Au
gusta,. Maine. . where, fully- two per-rcent of.
all "the , 'second-class' mall- matter in/this'
country from. "We Intended -to be
gin. the investigation of the railway. mail !
service in Chicago, but owing to the ab- j
sence of Senator. Walcott, the sickness of
Senator chandler and the desire of Sena
.tor Allison for- a vacation, we. postponed
consideration of this branch of our work
until our arrival in- San Francisco.".
In regard to the public political senti- j
ment In the East Loud said: "The East- i
crn sentiment' seems to lean strongly j
toward the Republican side. The regis
trations on the part of the Democrats
have been noticeably light all through
the East, and a general laxity in politi
cal interest seems to mark the actions of
the Democrats throughout • the country.
The war and the strength of the admin- '
istration, may be the reason for it. At ;
first I was opposed to the war, because !
I saw that the inevitable consequence '
would be the acquisition of new terri
tories and a natural and serious prob
lem would thus- be forced upon us. The
East obtained Cuba and Porto Rico, and
in the spirit of equality it would be no I
more than rfght for us to control the
Philippines, which would be of inestima
ble value, to the Pacific Coast. I do not
think that the problem of managing the
Philippines would prove a.. greater • task i
than that of the islands of Cuba and
Porto . Rico. If 'we acquire them, why
not acquire the Philippines?"
Mr. Loud pleads; his long absence as
the best excuse for an ignorance of local
primary politics. He admits that he is a
candidate for re-election from his dis
trict, and says he will remain here dur
ing the entire campaign. "
A HOT TIME AT STOCKTON.
Governor Budd's Indorsement Was
the Bone of Contention.
STOCKTON. Aujr. ir..-The County Con
vention to-day was turned into riot, when
Governor Budd's friends resurrefU<-<l a
resolution endorsing him. which had been
previously killed in committee. They .hir
ed not put it to a vote, but with a Budd
man in the chair and a party of friends
with strong lung-power in the convention,
they howled "I." The "noes" came back
with a roar. A demand was made i!i;t
the chair recognize an appeal from Its <le
cision. but the friends of the Governor
rallied around Chairman Gibson and he
outgeneraled them. When the commit
tee on platform and resolutions r> ported
to the convention in the morninv not a
word was said comttepdatory ot the Gov
ernor. The commit! :>ti-Budd.
The platform was adopted and it looked
like the convention would be content to
give the Governor the marble heart.
Colonel Nunan was det< mined, how
ever, to get a Budd indorsement through;
it was sprung after resol itions and the
like were out of order. It precipitated a
whirlwind. Dr. Gordon and George Lieg
tager led the opposition, to the resolution.
When Francis mounted the platform
and started to read the resolutions com
mending Budd. Dr. Gordon followed him
and said: "I'm going to read that if any
one does. I am chairman of the commit
:.. "
Francis said it was a majority report
and he was goin.tr to read it
The hall then vommenced to rock again
under the tumult. It was claimed that
the resolutions were adopted and there
was no law to turn them over.
"Is this a l>ear .garden or a Democratic
convention ?'' yelled Mr. Gibson, and
some one replied. "It's all the same "
During this last melee Lieginger jump
ed from his seat and came forward wav
ing a cane frantically. The excitement
bordered on a riot then, and some of the
ladies in the gallery were forced to re
tire.
"Sergeant-at-arms. take that man,"
smd Qtbson.
'Id like to see him put me out," said
Liogingor.
He finally quit, and Francis got a
chance to read the resolution. This was
met with applause on one side and hisses
on the other. Lieginger then said, "They
doctored it while we were at lunch," and
when the deafening noise compelled him
to sit down he tald the convention to go
to ."
When the question was put Dr. Gordon
arose anil took the lloor. He said: "I
would not siKii that report. I deny any
Democrat who will sell himself for mon
e\ . as IVxi men at Lodi know that Jim
Budd did in 1873. He called the Demo
crats vagabonds, and indorsed the Dolly
Varden ticket for $50 a week. Moreover,
your chairman was with him at the time.'
At the same meeting he accused the be
loved David S. Terry of taking money,
and Judge Terry said, "Give me that
stand for nve minutes and I will show
Saved from puniness. Worn out. Down.
Veak lings. What saved them? "Hud-
■an." Told by newspapers that in for ma-
ion about "Hudyan" was free, they de-
eded to come to the Institute to ask about
t. They came all together. All half-men.
To-day they are all whole men. Are you
premature? Are you one of those who
know that nature is rebelling because of
the way in which she has been ill-treated
and abused? "Hudyan" will restore your
lost vitality. It is the only thing that will.
Ask for testimony about it. It is sent to
you at once, and with pleasure. No ex-
pense to . you. Why not have it? You
must surely wish to be a man again!
Get the help so freely offered you.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS 5T3..
San Francisco, Cat.
»-O-»-O-»-O-»-O-»-O-»-O-*O-»-O*-O-*O-*O-»-O-*
f 2
j WOULD YOU BUYf
q A BARGAIN? Well, here is your a
4 chance. We must reduce our lines as X
T we find several conflict. Ladles' Finest V
2 Quality Vici Kid Lace Shoes, black ▼
♦ cloth tops, straight foxed, new O
O ''coin toes and straight patent T
♦ leather tips and guaranteed gen- O
6 vine hand-welted soles: no tacks or f
4 threads, no breaking in. but an ele- q
a Kant first-class shoe; reduced from $4 a
V to $2 45. ' Every pair guaranteed. J
0 — — ■ ■ : rv'"' . _ O
S||g| If I
I A SPECIAL BARGAIN AFTER ?
i STOCK-TAKING. $
♦ Children's and Misses' Vici Kid Lace O
O Shoes, black si'K embroidered. Vesting ♦
A cloth tops, nev coin toes and tips and ♦
cj ' spring heels. O
*? Child's sizes,- 8 to 10^ 81 O5 ▲
▼ Misses' sizes 11 to 2 $1 3O q
O Sold befor* regularly for $1 50 and $2. T
t °/- °
~T We wil' forward free to any person ♦
' living 1* the country . who will send O
O us the names and addresses of 10 of a
♦ their r*'ghbors a 16-page colored Atlas n
0 of thp World, valued at $1 CO. V
1 f : T
♦ O
2 Cjnie around and examine our bar- 4
▼ ga .n counter. f'i-'-v Mo '■'
T .'Country orders solicited. o
♦ Send for Illustrated Catalogue. --;; 2 ■
0 '/ — ♦
I B. KATCHINSKI, °
1 PHILADELPHIA SHOE COMPANY, O
1 10 THIRD ST., San Francisco. . o
neckties!
In Tecks and 1 pf
Band Bows, JLOKj Each.
shirts, Good
NIGHTSHIRTS, «„,,!!
UNDERWEAR, Values.
WILL & FINCK CO.,
f_ 820 Market Street.
§ FINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
WORKMANSHIP, at
25 per cent Less than Other
• Tailors Charge, Go to
JOE POHEIM
All Wool Suits to &JO fo'tQ^
Order from «pIZ l «PJ3
Pants from . . • $4 t0 $I 0
201 and 203 Montgomery St.,
844 and 846 Market St..
1 1 1 0 and 1 1 1 2 Market St. San Ffanci>co -
Acne. Pimples. Comedones or Flesh Worm,
permanently cored by Dermatologist JOHMI.
WOODBURY. 127 West Forty-second st., xsew
Tork. Inventor of Woodbury's Facial Soap and
Facial Cream. Consultation free. Charges
moderate.You what kind of a man Jim Budd is."
I deny that his administration has been
. ixnjcal. He has cut down the wages
of the poor, low employes and has raised
those of the rich."
■l deny that," said John Woods, State
Ital manager.
'/.The man who denies it is one of the
.v: ■ rents of Jim lUnld," replied Gordon.
The resolutions were finally declared
car.riecl l>y the chair.
The following ticket was then nomi
nated: Sheriff. James P. Carroll; Treas
urer. B. W. Kerrick: District Attorney.
W. R. Jacobs; Auditor and Recorder, Otto
.Vet! Detten; Oerk. J. C. Sterling; As
r. Lorenzo Hurd; Surveyor, J. A.
• Graham; Public Administrator, C. C.
' F.rajiklki. By a fusion agreement with
■ ipulists the latter nominated the
• •"two Assemblymen and promised that
•they would vote for a Democratic United
S:aic< Senator. The Democrats indorsed
tht' homjneea, Dr. Foreman of Stockton
i". H. Kincaid of Ripon, the former a
'•.De.morrat of old imJ the latter a stalwart
"Republican for many years. For Superin
tendent of Schools the Populist nominee,
:': ' J. H. Wilkinson, was indorsed. Coroner
• will be named later by the Populists.
The Democrats nominated for Supervisors
. -I-l \V. S. Woods of Stockton and Charles
Newton of Lodi. The delegates to the
Siau- convention are: E. E. Thrift,
Gjeorge Fox. C. H. Gordon. G. E. Catts,
11. It. McNobre, J. C. Doyle. F. Briare, W.
• >r Gibson, B. R. Thompson. M. McCann,
'••; George Lleglnger, J. J. Nunan. John N.
Woods, M. J. J. O'Donnell, F. J. Cor
■.oran. Q. Langford; H. Welch. W. Heeney
\ and Thomas Unnnan.
FUSION DISCUSSED.
.San Luis Obispo County Will Lead
the Van in Approval.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA -
J&ENTO, Aug. IS.— lt is apparent that the
■t of fusion as presented by the ar
rangement entered into at the time of the
of the Populist convention has oc
■• ■:■ the attention of the Democrats in
almost every county in the State. Opinion
is divided as to the expediency of fusion
' ■as a general proposition, and particularly
so as existing under conditions such as
are- to be presented to the Democratic
State Convention. In San Luis Obispo
County there is a strong feeling in favor
' of fusion on any basis, and this feeling
• has made itself manifest in the delegation
' that will represent the county at the con
vention.
■■ T. T. Crittenden, the well-known banker
• of San Luis Obispo, who is a member of
? the delegation, said to-day that the preß
ent fusion arrangement was acceptable to
■ the Democrats of his county and that the
egation would support the proposition
•■".of fusion in any form that it may be pre
sented at the convention.
■ "The Democrats of our county," he said,
'. -"are -very anxious to see fusion consum
mated, and we. as their representatives,
■will tk> all that we can to carry out their
. Wishes. . I am not aware that there Is any
- widespread opposition to the plan of fu
sion-is arranged for by the party leaders,
' and I do not think that such opposition as
' there is will be sufficiently strong to af
. feet the result.
• ■ "So far as I have canvassed the mem
b.ers -.of our delegation I have gained the
Impression that the majority, if not all
of them, are in favor of seating the dele
. Ration appointed by the Committee of One
' Hundred of San Francisco. We are not t
■ thoroughly familiar with all of the facts,
.'and I should say that our final attitude in
the matter will depend largely upon the
■ manner in which the Harney faction pre
, 6'ents its case 'to the convention. I feel j
certain, however, that Justice will be done
■ : in the matter and that the convention will
.••take' such action as will be for the best
Interests of the Democratic party in the
•State."
CONGRESSIONAL PRIMARIES.
Preparations for a Lively Contest on
/Wednesday — The Metcalf Ticket.
..' AJLAMEDA, Aug. I".— Thp Oongres
maries which win take place on
■ y promise to be even more
warmly contested than the State conven
'. tlo'n primaries of last Saturday. The
the two opposing candidates.
"Hitborn and Metcalf. are leaving noth
ing undone to help their leaders. Par
.- ti.-'-ularly active in Hilborn's behalf are
"the men whom he has helped to Federal
'.positions, an.l they are now showing their
• :•]■' tn him by hard work to secure
• nomination. The Metcalf ticket
■ ■I;; to-day as follows:
:" Hon. John Ellsworth (at large). George
Bat>cock. J. F. Kessingr, George E. Clark.
"F A. Randlett. H. Darnea!. W. TV. Has-
A'ar.l Battles. D. Hicks. J. M. Shan
! T. Albripht. A. D. Wil-
A. Kogers, O. J. Lynch, N. Me
_hy.
A Metcalf mass-meeting will be held
;tn-ntpht and a Hilborn meeting to-mor
r! '-»v nieht. which will close the campaign.
.In the m.nntim-' the town is being flood
«il.\vith circulars on both sides.
BRAUNHART BERATED.
Accused of Improper Motives in Vot
ing for a Fire Bill.
.. THE CALL'S HEADQUARTERS. SAC
/RAMENTO, Aug. 15.— Senator Braunhart
ar.'i Frank Hughes, former secretary' of
m Francisco Canny Committee, had
a heated discussion in a hotel shortly af
ter midnigh' and Hughes, who is working
' \vit.h thr> Harneyites, was accused
-by Braunharr of having sold out
-to Bainey. Hughes indignantly de
nied the assertion and gave Braun
hart 1 a tongue lashing that he will
long remember. He openly declared that
. Braunhart. who po.-es as an anti-Ralney-
Ite. had voted for the fire department bills
at the last session of the Legislature on
promise of receiving - wo positions in the
■ department. "1 think that comes pretty
close to being bribery." concluded Hughes.
For a time it appeared as if the men
wnuld come to blows.
LOS ANGELES FOR WHITE.
The Delegation Will Recommend
Him for United States
Senator.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Aug. 15.— The members of tne
J«os Angeles delegation have determined
, to introduce in the convention a resolu
". th- : n demanding that Stephen M. White
shrill be a candidate for re-election to the
.Linked States Senate. A resolution of this
character .was introduced In and adopted
by •!]).• Los Angeles County Democratic
Convention. Its introduction followed
some' remarks which Senator White made
Just before the adjournment of that body.
.; : Cutter for State Senate.
SatARYSVILLE, Aug. 15.— Republican
primaries in Yuha County resulted In the
choice of the following delegates to the
State, convention: E. A. Forbes, W. K.
Iteek; Joseph Durfee. James M. Muck,
. A. ''.. Irwin, G. W. Hall and J. C. Camp
bell.
Delegates to the Congressional Con-
Harry Dam, K. C. Toogood. Con
rottwalls, C. A. Webb, S. D. Wood,
Merrtain and John J. Yore.
Delegates to th<- Senatorial Convention:
aieber, E. Brow, Byron Burris, J.
'M. ißibble. C. >'■ Mayo, W. F. Kelly and
- ■ Sutliff.
The Cutter Appeal ticket carried every
thing nearly unanimously. The nomina
tion' of cutter for the Sixth Senatorial
District la assured.
Butte for Judge Grady.
OROVILLE, Aug. I.'.— The eleven elect-
ed.ffom Butte County to the Republican
Convention are as follows: C. H.
BchLveley, delegate at large; Warren Sex
"twi and ::. Tucker. First District; E. E.
Canfleld and J. McStilson, Second; H. P.
. Pt'.w and William Dunstone, Third;
Cbarli a Moore and William Colm. Fourth:
l L. Vlnton and Lev! Cohn, Fifth. All
are: for Judge John c. Grady of this
county for Associate Justice of the Su
preme Court.
Major Harney on the Floor.
■■ SACRAMENTO. Aug. 15. -Major Har
•• tfey will be tn position on the floor of the
convention to speak on the merits of the
proposition to admit the primary election
• delegates from Ban Francisco "He holds
•the proxy of ML P. Brophy of Sacra
mt-nt.-. .v,(] ol course this insures individ
ual recognition.
Seventh Congressional.
T.os ANGELES. Aug. 15.— The Seventh
trict Congressional convention, which
ned al Wewport Beach to-day,
n<rminated J. C. Needham of Modesto on
•'■•. second ballot. Th<- other contest
tvere A. J. Pillsbury of Tulare and
M. J. Daniels of Riverside.
New Republican Club.
A club -was formed at 1605 Polk street
■ Kht under the name of the Western
A f i<iitlon Republican Club, with seventy
fix members. The following officers were
elected: Will Horabin, president; Charles
H. Kendrlck. secretary: George F. Rob
erts, treasurer; J. Ferrand. sergeant at
arms. Executive committee — M. H. Shen
pard, Ben McFeely, G. McAvoy. L. H.
i Cohn and B. L. Hesetin. The next meet
ing will be held at the same place on Mon
! day evening.
•
Political Notes.
The leading Republicans of this city
are now of the opinion that the party
will be compelled to nominate for Gov
ernor some man who has not as yet been
considered in the contest. The sectional
fight has become acute. Alameda County
wants Pardee, the south wants Gage and
several other candidates already meu
i tioned have secured scattering delega
tions. This condition leaves the ii*ht
open, and Republicans who have tho Best
interests of the party at heart think a
, man outside of all the sectional contro
versies should be placed at the head or
the State ticket.
Attorney Lester H. Jacobs, one of the
committee of 100 delegates to the Demo
cratic State convention, writes to the edi
tor of The Call, saying he is on the as
sessment roll in this and other counties
in the State. Mr. Jacobs' name api>ear-<l
in the list of McNab delegates published
yesterday, and It was stated that he was
not on the assessment roJl.
Local Republican politics are very quiet.
Major McLaughlln. chairman of the
State Central Committee, was out of town
! yesterday and the Republican headquar
! ters at the Palace were deserted.
FIGHTING IN PORTO RICO.
Spanish Attack on General Schwan's
Column Repulsed.
PONCE, Porto Rico, Aug. 15.—Gene
ral Schwan's column was attacked be
tween Mayaguez and Lares. As the
Eleventh Infantry, under Colonel
Burke, was descending the valley of
the Rio Grande they were fired upon
from a hillside by a force of 1500 Span
iards who were retreating toward the
north. The fire was returned and the
Spaniards were repulsed with, it is ex
pected, considerable loss.
Colonel Soto, the commander of the
Mayaguez district, was wounded, and
was afterward overtaken in a wayside
cottage. He was attended by two
sergeants, who surrendered. The
Americans suffered no loss. The
artillery and cavalry were not en-
gaged.
General Pchwan had not received
news of" the signing of the peace pro
tocol when the action occurred, but
obtained it yesterday afternoon. The
reports from General Miles are meager.
PRIEST SUES FOR DAMAGES.
Claims $50,000 for Injuries Caused
by His Excommunication.
CHICAGO, Aug. 15.— The Rev.
Anthony Kozlowski, priest in charge of
the All Saints' Polish Catholic Church,
In Lubeck street, has invoked the aid of
the American courts to obtain redress
for his grievance against Archbishop
Feehan of the diocese and Cardinal
Ledochowsky, the head of the congre
gation of the propaganda at Rome,
through whom the edict of excommuni
cation was promulgated against the
priest on June 20.
In a bill filed In the Circuit Court,
Father Kozlowski asks that 150,000
damages be awarded against the Arch
bishop and Cardinal because of injuries
he has received through their action.
This is the first time such action has
been brought in this country.
HILL TO IMPROVE SEATTLE.
Over a Million Dollars to Be Spent
by the Great Northern.
' SEATTLE, Aug. 15.— President James J.
Hill of the Great Northern Railroad made
public to-night his Intention to inaugurate
ian immense improvement in Seattle. In a
j communication to the City Council he
asked that certain streets be vacated in
I the thirty acres of tide land which he re
cently purchased, and his request will un
i doubtedly be granted. Mr. J-f i!l stated
that within ten days he would b«?:?;n work
or; lnipr«-v«roerts in the northern part of
the city thai vill cost nearly a mii ! .!<in dol
lars. They V- ill include a canal 2-jOO feet
li<ng. 200 feet wide and 30 feet deep at low
water, rimr>ing inland from Pu^.n Bound.
and grain elevators, warehouses and
docks, sufficiently large to accommodate
the largest vessels afloat. This construc
tion is In accord with Mr. Hill's intention
to be largely identified with the Hawaiian,
Philippine and Oriental trade.
TENNIS AT SANTA MONICA.
Fourteenth Annual Tournament of
Southern California.
SANTA MONICA. Aug. 15.— The four
teenth annual tournament of the South
ern California Lawn Tennis Association
opened here to-day. Some excellent ten
nis was put up. the match between Dag
gett and Brady and P.cher and Sinsa
baugh being especially brilliant.
Haskins beat Wilson, score 6—4,6 — 4, 6—l;6 — 1;
Way beat South, 6—3, 4— 6. 6—l; Acker
beat Fowler, 6—o,6 — 0, 6—o; Rowan beat \\\
Manning, ft — 4; 6—3;6 — 3; Hendricks beat Crom
leybuck, 6—o. 6—o; Bell beat Chapman,
6—3. 7—5; Picher beat Slnsabaufh, 6—2. 6—
1; Bumiller beat M. Manning, 6—4,6 — 4, 7—5;
Brady beat Daggett, 3—9, 6—3, 6—l: Lil
lingston beat Pedley, 6—B. 7—5. 6—2; Well
come beat Wallace. 6—l, 6—2; P. Rowan
beat Waring, I—6, 9—7, 6—3. Overton de
faulted to Jones, R. A. Rowan to McGllv
ray and Corby to Britton.
MAY SUMMON THE CORTES.
Spanish Coast Towns Rejoice Over
the Peace News.
MADRID, Aug. 15.— The next Cabinet
council will consider the question of
summoning the Cortes. Senor Sagasta,
the Premier, is hopeful that the Min
isters will be agreed upon this point.
The news of peace was heartily wel
comed in the Spanish coast towns and
the families who fled, fearing an at
tack by Commodore Watson, are now
returning.
BISHOP WINGFIELD'S WILL.
SUTSUN, Cal.. Aug. 15.— The will of the
late Bishop Wingfleld was filed for pro
bate in the Superior Court of Solano
County to-day. The estate consists of
money in savings bank investments
and promissory notes amounting to $57,
086, and real estate valued at $22,420, a
total of $79,506. The will was dated Janu
ary 16, 1893, and the entire estate was
i'f-'iuf-Hthed to his widow. Mrs. Annie M.
Wingfleld for her sole use durin\g the
term of her natural life, after the expira
tion of which it passes to her daughter,
Mary Wingfleld.
Case of the Finigans Up Again.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 15.— Peter A. Flni
gan. the millionaire pauper of the Hotel
Rafael, through his attorney, J. P. Swee
ney, moved to-day that the suit for di
vorce brought by Mrs. Finlgan be set for
trial. This wan opposed by the counsel
for Mrs. Finlgan on the ground that the
order of the court requiring the payment
of a sum sufficient for attorneys' fees and
costs has not been complied with.
Attorney Crowley asserted that it was
impossible for Finigan to comply with the
order as he was possessed of nothing him
self.
Judge Anßellotti set Monday, the 29th
inst., as the date for argument on the
motion.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 15.-Paciflc Coast
pensions have been granted as follows"
California: Original— Richard Roach,
San Francisco. $8; John C. Long, Hurson!
$12. Increase— William King, Santa Rosa
$6 to $12. Original widow. etc-Gerssanna
Long, Burson, $8. Mexican War surviv
ors, increase— William R. Lee, San Luis
Obispo. $8 to $12.
Oregon: Additional-George Tinkham,
UnlOß, $6 to $8. Supplemental— Walter J
Smith, Wilson. $2. Increase— Henry Wil
son. Astoria. $8 to $10.
Washington: Original - Rinaldo H
Brown, North Bend, $6.
Shot a Tramp in Self-Defense.
RED BLUFF, Aug 15.-B. F. Francisco
ordered a tramp away from his residence
to-day, but the fellow refused to go.
Francisco got his shotgun and undertook
to enforce his orders, when the hobo
made a vicious attack on him with a
club. Francisco fired, blowing a part- of
man's head away, but the wound is not
considered fatal.
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 16, 189 S.
NAVAL REVIEW
FOR NEW YORK
Sampson's Fleet Will
Parade.
NAVY DEPARTMENT'S ORDER
PEOQBAMME ARRANGED TOR
NEXT SATURDAY.
Steps Being Taken to Reduce the
Number of Naval Militiamen
Called Into Service From
Various States.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 15.— The recon
struction of affairs In Cuba, Porto Rico
and throughout the Spanish West In
dies is receiving earnest consideration
in official quarters and at the White
House. To-day the President saw a
number of prominent callers in refer
ence to this reconstruction in our new
insular dependencies. General Fitz
hugh Lee spent some time with the
President, going over the condition of
Cuban affairs. >Vhile no announcement
was made, the impression prevailed
that General Lee would be one of the
Cuban military commissioners to be
named within a few days. Acting Sec
retary Allen of the navy also saw the
President concerning Cuban affairs.
It is probable that an American naval
vessel will go to Havana harbor be
fore long and at least two naval ves
sels will be ordered to Havana when the
military commission assembles there to
determine upon the details of Spanish
evacuation.
Secretary Day also conferred with
the President and later determined, the
peace terms being matured, to take a
week's vacation. He will leave either
to-night or to-morrow morning, going
probably to Canton. Assistant Secre
tary Moore will be Acting Secretary of
the State Department during Judge
Day's absence. The Secretary's retire
ment from the head of the department
is likely to follow soon after his return
from Canton, and, indeed, it may come
during his absence, although there was
no outward evidence to-day that he
was about to close his connection with
State affairs.
The Navy Department decided during
the day to yield as far as practicable
to the public desire at New York for a
naval review of the ships of Admiral
Sampson's fleet. Accordingly Acting
Secretary Ailen issued the following or
der:
"The department is much gratified at
the desire expressed to see a review of
the warships and cruisers recently or
dered home and, so far as practicable,
is desirous of carrying out the wishes
of the citizens who wish to see the
ships. But neither the officers nor the
men of the fleet are in condition to
participate in a street parade. The de
partment is taking the opportunity of
the armistice to put these ships at once
into the best possible condition for such
service as may hereafter be required
of them. It is expected all other work
will be suspended and the entire avail
able force of the navy-yard directed to
this work, in order to secure the great
est possible dispatch.
"The department will direct that,
upon its arrival In New York harbor,
the fleet will steam up the North River
as far as General Grant's tomb, fire a
salute and steam back to its anchor
ape. It is expected that the fleet will
reach New York on Saturday, the 20th
instant."
The plan is to have Admiral Samp
son met off Sandy Hook with orders
for the procession up the North River.
It is expected that the fleet will be off
Sandy Hook some time Friday night,
but they will lie outside the harbor un
til Saturday morning.
The Navy Department Is taking steps
to reduce the force of naval militia
men called into service from the seve
ral States. The Minneapolis is to trans
fer part of her crew to the Yosemite,
thus releasing the Michigan naval mi
litiamen who man the Yosemite. The
Columbia is also to transfer her crew
to the Dixie and other auxiliary craft,
thus allowing the naval militiamen on
these auxiliaries to go home. In this
way the naval service will be speedily
turned into the hands of the regular of
ficers and crews.
SHAFTER IS GRATEFUL.
Acknowledges the Confidence Re
posed in Him at Washington.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 15.— Secretary
Alger to-day received a letter from
General Shafter which is, in part, as
follows:
•'Headquarters Fifth Army Corps,
Santiago de Cuba, Aug. 4.— To Hon. R.
A. Alger, Secretary of War, Washing
ton, D. C— My Dear General Alger:
Your letter of July 25 was handed me
yesterday by Major Sniffen. 1 thank
you and the President for the confi
dence expressed in my ability to
handle the matters intrusted to me
here.
"I cannot fully express my gratitude
to you for all the opportunities that
you have given me and for the confi
dence that you repose in me, as shown
more strongly than in any other way
by leaving me unhampered in my ope
rations against Santiago. lam very
sorry to see that some newspapers are
attempting to throw blame on your
trying to run the campaign from Wash
ington, and I suppose some people be
lieve it. It is one of the things, how
ever, that I don't suppose we can help,
although whenever I have the oppor
tunity I have tried to make it plain
that I have been left to my own de
vices. I am, very sincerely yours,
"WILLIAM R. SHAFTER."
CUSHING'S SPLENPID WORK.
Torpedo-Boat Fights the Last Naval
Engagement of the War.
KEY WEST, Fla., Aug. 15.— T0 the
torpedo boat Gushing, commanded by
Lieutenant Albert Gleaves, will doubt
less go the distinction of having had
the last naval engagement of the Span
ish-American war. Had the peace ne
gotiations been protracted , a little
longer the dishing would unquestion
ably have ended the conflict by glo
riously avenging its beginning, when
Ensign Bagley and his four comrades
ol the Winslow were killed at Carde
nas. At the very moment orders for
raising the blockade reached the Cush
ing she was reaching in for the three
Spanish gunboats which had wrecked
her sister boat, intent on sinking them
or herself going down in the effort.
They were the Ligergo, Alerta and An
tonio Lopez. A few days before the
Cushing destroyed six small sloops and
a two-masted schooner, the Triumph^,
of twenty-five tons.
Domestic Tragedy at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 15.— Theodore
Tlmm, a saloonkeeper, shot his former
wife this afternoon and then fired a bul
let into his own brain. The shooting oc
curred In a saloon on South Main street.
Tlmm has been divorced from the woman
for several months. and It is supposed the
act wan prompted by Jealousy. Both are
alive but will probably die.
MEN, WOMEN AND
CHILDREN SLAIN
WITH MACHETES
Defenseless People of a Porto
F^ican Towr> Massacred by
Spaniards.
Special Cable to The (nil and the Nevr York Herald. Copyrighted, 1808,
by .Imiics Gordon Bennett.
0 COAMO, Porto Rico, Aug. 15. — Six Porto Ricans accompanied by 0
O a priest arrived this morning from Crales, thirty miles northwest of O
0 here. They report the Spanish soldiers mad with liquor. 0
0 They came from Manati on Saturday. An improvised American 0
0 flag which had been raised on the plaza enraged the Spaniards. 0
0 The latter attacked men, women anil children with machetes and kill- 0
0 ed and wounded about ninety. Then they sacked the town. The 0
0 priest asked the aid of General Wilson. 0
0 Crales has a population of 1200. The people fear a continuance of 0
0 the Spanish outrages during the period pending the evacuation. 0
BLANCO'S ADDRESS
OF RESIGNATION
Captain General Bitter
to the Last.
REGRETS PEACE HAS COME
WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO
ITS PROVISIONS.
Forsakes His Office Rather Than
Participate in Negotiations
With the Conquerors
of His Country.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA. Aug. 15.— General Blanco
to-day published the following ad
dress to the inhabitants of Cuba:
It having been resolved by the Madrid
Government to conclude peace with the
United States, 1 consider my mission in
this country ended, and have solicited my
relief from" duty. 1 could not urge upon
you a pacific solution of the existing
struggle, when not long ago 1 advised
you to maintain the war in any event.
I came to the island of Cuba, as is well
known to all, in critical circumstances.
without feax of the difficulties which I
must encounter and animated by the nope
of pacifying the island and saving It for
Snatii. with the co-operation of all politi
cal parties; and without any other ambi
tion than to lender a service to my coun
try which I so fervently love. The lack
of faith, and the distrust of some, and
the prejudices and the errors of Others
were Insuperable obstacles to my desires
and aspirations, but, despite these grave
difficulties, perhaps the day was not far
distant when we could have seen realized
so happy a. purpose, though one so con
trary to the wishes of the enemies of our
race and the domination of America. W e
had to accept the struggle at a moment
when it was least expected and under
most unfavorable circumstances. Never
thelesa we sustained the campaign with
vigor and our army has already let the
Invaders feel the weight of our arms, and
I was willing at the head of the army to
continue disputing. Inch by inch, the land
which with such valor and at the cost of
so much blood, we were defending.
Since the nation's Government, which is
surely inspired with the great Interest Ol
patriotism and a desire also to assure
vnur proper interests and those of the
other colony believes the moment has
arrived to make peace, it is our duty
faithfully to second her in her purpose,
but it cannot !»<■ that I am the one called
upon to perform a duty which does not
agree with mv acts anu with my convic
tions.
I see myself obliged to leave you it
the present painful and difficult mom- at.
Nevertheless. I will not do it witnout ad
vising you to maintain the calmness and
prudence so necessary to save the legit
imate interests of Spain in Cuba, which
represents the fruit of your labors, and
thus I think I have rendered my last
and most disinterested service to Cuba,
to her inhabitants and especially to the
city of Havana.
The address is dated August 12.
VICTIMS OF POISON
BURIED AT DOVER
DOVER. Del.. Aug. 15.— Whatever may
be the final results of the Investigation
Into the cause of the deaths of Mrs. J. P.
Dunning and her sister. Mrs. J. D. Deane.
all the Indications at present are that
both women lost their lives by arsenical
poison tnken In the candy sent from San
Francisco by a person at present un
known. The funeral of both the victims
took place to-day from the home of ttuir
father, ex-Congressman John B. Penning
ton.
Dr. Bishop, who attended the women af
ter they bad been taken ill, gave it as his
opinion that the deaths were due to poi
soned candy. No analysis of the candy
has yet been made.
The note signed "Mrs. C" Is written
on ruled white paper In leadpencll, and
the words, "With love for yourself and
baby," are written jerkily and In an en
tirely different hand from fhe superscrip
tion, very like a woman's hand. There
are two kinds of chocolates in the box.
one hard and similar to confectioners'
make, the other soft, with every appear
ance of being homemade. The impression
of Dr. Bishop is that the poison will be
found in the latter kind.
These examinations have given rise to
a suspicion in Mr. Pennington's mind that
the box with pure candy was purchased,
after which it was opened and the pois
oned candy placed along with the good.
He states It •■>« hif! rr ' rm belief tnat nls
daughters were intentionally poisoned,
but thinks the candy was intended for
Mrs. Dunning and her baby only. He
states that he will make every effort to
solve the mystery surrounding the case.
SAN DIEGO'S "WATER SUIT.
Judge Ross Sustains a Demurrer
Filed by th« City.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 15.— Judge Ross |
In the United States Circuit Court this j
morning decided a demurrer' in the ease
of the Consolidated Water Company in
the city of Ban Diego. The complainant
surd as the owner of bonds issued by the I
San Diego Water Company, secured by a j
mortgage upon the water and water plant i
with which it supplies San Diego with
water for domestic and other purposes.
The complainant alleges that the de
fendant, through Its municipal authorl- \
ties, has adopted an ordinance fixing the
rates at which water should be sold to the j
citizens BO unreasonably low as prac
tically to take away the property secur- |
ing complainant's bonds, contrary to the i
constitution of the United States.
The demurrer questioned the capacity of I
the complainant to sue.
Judge Ross holds that the bill in this
case shows that the mortgagee was not j
the complainant, but two trustees, and '
their interest conveyed by the mortgage |
was conveyed to them in trust, and the j
duty of protecting that interest develops j
upon them: for this reason the demurrer i
is sustained, with leave to complainant '
to amend if It desires. J
GENERAL LAWTON
LAUDS HIS CORPS
Farewell Address to Of
ficers and Men.
GALLANT SERVICE PRAISED
HEROISM DISPLA/ED IN THE
SANTIAGO BATTLES.
His Command the First to Land
and Prominent in Every En
gagement With the
Enemy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Aug. 15.— The
following is General Lawton's address
to his staff, a part of which will shortly
return home:
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVI
SION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS, SANTI
AGO DE CUBA, Aug. 14.— Being ordered
to other duty, the undersigned hereby re
limiuishes the command of the Second Di
vision of the Fifth Army Corps, and in
so doing desires to express to the of
ficers and enlisted men of his command
his thanks for and appreciation of the
gallant and soldierly maiim-r In which
the duties and labors required of them
have been performed, the character of
which is almost unparalleled in severity,
danger and importance.
The Second Division, established a little
more than two months ago. proceeded
almost immediately to embark for the
expedition to Santiago. Arriving off that
coast, it was the first to disembark and
the first American military force to land
on Cuban soil. Without delay or wait
ing to secure rations, baggage or other
m ■•■< Bsaries and conveniences of any kind
the division proceeded to Slboney. com
pelling the garrison there to retire and
capturinp the town. The division then
resumed the advance toward Santiago,
laboring night and day amid trying con
ditions, in marches, reconnolssances and
scouting, and. while covering the advance,
fighting the decisive battle of Caney.
Unique in the character of its defenses
and the importance of its situation, Ca
ney was defended with a stubborn re
sistance permitting of no surrender, and
was carried by a charge such as is made
only by American soldiers, killing,
wounding or capturing almost every
Spaniard.
Moving thence within an hour, without
one man unaccounted for. toward San
tiago and taking up a position on the
right of the army. and. hastily intrench
ing, it was engaged with the enemy on
the 2d of July. Extending to the right
and covering the bay of Santiago and
threatening the safety of the Spanish
ships, the latter sought safety in flight
to the sea.
Fighting by daylight and digging all
night, the division pressed forward to the
right under the lines and to within ISO
yards of the enemy, the right resting on
the bay of Santiago. The memorable 17th
of July came, and with it the surrender
of the city and the Spanish army, and
later the end of the war with Spain.
When overtaken by the dreaded fever
your courage, cheerfulness and fortitude
did not forsake you. When the history
of the wars for Cuban Independence is
written the Second Division will deserve
and receive a full page on every im
portant occurrence that led up to its
successful termination.
To my staff 1 desire to acknowledge
a special obligation for most loyal and
faithful duties well performed under
circumstances arid conditions too trying
to be described. H. W. LAWTON,
Major General United States Volunteers,
commanding Second Division, Fifth
Corps.
SPAIN DECORATES M. CAMBON.
Bestows the Grand Cross of the Order
of Charles 111.
MADRID, Aug. 15, 10 p. m.— The Cu
ban autonomist government has re
signed. It is believed that the Spanish
Government will decline to accept the
resignation of Governors Blanco and
Augusti.
Havana telegrams represent the
Spanish element in the colony as favor
ing American annexation as the best
means to insure prosperity and avert
anarchy.
M. Cambon, the French Embassador
to the United States, who represented
Spain In the peace negotiations at
Washington, has been decorated \rith
the Grand Cross of the Order of
Charles 111.
LEE WANTS A TOGA.
Will Be a Candidate for the United
States Senate.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 15.— The Post
to-morrow will say: General Fitzhugh
Lee will enter the Senatorial race In
Virginia. This announcement can be
made without any qualification. It is
authorized by General Lee himself,
who, last night dictated the following
statement to a representative of the
Post&
"upon being asked the question as to
his future intentions and appreciating
the interest felt in the matter through
out Virginia, General Lee said:
" 'I shall be a candidate for United
States Senator.' "
Sues Her Dead Uncle's Large Estate.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 15.— Amanda P.
Austin has sued the estate of Millionaire
Jefferson Wilcoxson, her uncle, for $150,000.
She claims that Wilcoxson induced her to
come from Missouri and care for him in
his old age, which she did for seventeen
years, remaining single at hs request. He
promised her $150,000. After his death $170,
000 was found in his safe, which she claims
had been set aside for her.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK. Aug. 15.— Dr. J. W. Shlels
and M. Kohlberg of San Francisco are at
the Gerard.
CUBA AND PORTO
RICO IN FAVOR
OF ANNEXATION
Spanish Merchants of Havana
Prefer American Rule to
Independence.
Similar Sentiment Obtains With the Better
Classes in the Island Miles Has
Captured.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BY CALL-HERALD DISPATCH
BOAT MORAN FROM HAVANA, Aug.
14, to Key West, Fla., Aug. 15.— While
both Captain General Blanco and Sec
retary Congosto refused to grant me
an audience, I learned one important
fact about Captain General Blanco—
that he had sent his resignation to the
authorities in Madrid and begged its
acceptance, stating that he did not
wish to have charge of the carrying
out of the agreements of the peace pro
tocol.
The Spanish population, which pre
ponderate in Havana, are resigned and
understand that if a steady and strong
government is not founded it will be '
very difficult for them to remain in the |
country, representing as they do the j
wealthy element. They prefer the idea
of annexation to any other kind of rule,
for they believe it would be the only
thing which would guarantee order and
protection of all kinds of interests.
They state that a government estab
lished under any other conditions would
not last very long.
The Cuban element representing the i
financial interests and having social I
standing, who have taken no active i
part in the warfare, have ideas similar
to those Just set forth and believe, also,
that any other government which .
might be established in this country, (
in which certain radical elements
would participate, would precipitate
great disturbances and render impos- j
sible all efforts for pacification by the |
government. In Matanzas, Cienfue
gos, Sagua and other towns and cities
of the Island the situation is similar.
According to the opinion of leading
merchants and manufacturers of those
places annexation is the only feasible
solution for the island's government.
Provisions are very scarce, especially
flour, hog lard, rice, jerked beef, cod
fish and condensed milk. The first
measures of General Shatter have been
very well received by all Spaniards here
and those Cubans who are anxious for
a government of order.
When are the provision ships com
ing? is, however, a question asked by
every one in the Cuban capital and
80,000 soldiers comprising the regulars
and volunteers now in the province of
Havana. This anxiety as to supplies
even takes precedence over the ques
tions as to when the Americans take
possession of Havana, what form of
government they will establish and
whether the Cubans are to be placed
in power.
While almost continuous communica
tion with Sagua and Batanaboa has al
lowed the city to replenish from time
to time the great store of food laid in
before the war, prices are extremely
high. Some forms of food, especially
bread, are rare luxuries, and the diet
even of those who can afford to pur
chase anything in the market has be
come painfully monotonous.
La Union Constitutional, in an editor
ial to-day under the headline "Peace,"
says :
"Rumors regarding peace at last have
been confirmed, but nothing is so far
known about the terms, though there
can be no doubt that such terms were
imposed as would be natural from a
powerful nation to one weak and con
quered."
El Pais also comments on peace, and
says that since it has been accepted by
the mother country it must also be ac
cepted by the colony.
Vessels at St. Michael.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash.. Aug. 15.—
The steam schooner South Coast arrived
here to-night, twelve days from St. Mi
chael, Alaska. Affairs at St. Michael
are reported to be very quiet. There
is still a large crowd of people there try
ing to get up the Yukon River. The
steamer Monarch had arrived with
twenty-six passengers for Dawson.
The tugs Holyoke and Resolute, which
sailed from St. 'Michael for Puget Sound
several days ahe;ul of the South Coast,
ran on a reef outside St. Michael. They
wire hung up twenty-four hours. They
put into Dutch Harbor to repair what
damage they may have sustained.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CS^Ffte^ Do You Want
mp^3^ Strength?
•> JTC£^^ Pi ° YOU REALIZE THAT YOU
*- :^» J+, fnSun^tf^ii aro not the man you Fhou!(1 be
' 9 <r =^ »«_m.m. «T^» at Our age? Do you find your
strength failing you, exposing the great drain that has been sapping
the very life and ambition out of you? Does this knowledge mar your
life? Then it is time for you to look seriously to your health. You need
such a remedy as Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt, from which you can ab-
• sorb new strength and vitality. It is a grand remedy for any one who
is weak in vitality, from whatever cause.
Weakness Cured in Six Weeks.
DR. SANDEN— Dear Sir: Six weeks ago I received your Belt, and I am proud to
; , say that it has helped me wonderfully. My hack doesn't bother me, and the varicose
".veins are hardly noticeable. The drains have almost stopped. I am much improved
and am glad to say the rupture is one-third: the size It was before using the Belt.
The Belt has done all you have claimed for it. I remain, yours truly,
. . .J. W. RICHARDS. Virginia Clty.Xev., July 30, 1898.
; Toning and invigorating in its action, it has made hundreds of vig-
orous men out of as many weak, despondent fellows. It will cure you
if you will try it. :
"Three Classes of Men
Is a very valuable treatise on the restoration of strength. It will point
out a means by which you can become strong. It is sent sealed, free
to any address, or can be had on application at the office. :
, Don't put it off. Act to-day In a manner which concerns the happi-
ness not only of yourself, but of your family and friends of your future.
You should not delay. - Call or address,"
DR. A. T. SANDEN, * not in drug stores.
702 Market Street, Corner Ee&rny, San Francisco. - - — -
Office hours. 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 10 Dr. : Sanden's Electric Belt
to 1. Branches at Los : An B eles, Cal., 201% ' 9 ' never sold in drug stores j
South Broadway; Portland, Or., 253 Washing- nor by traveling agents; only |
ton street: Denver. Colo., 931 Sixteenth street: at our office.
Dallas, . Tex., 28; Main street. it — : *
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tnrk
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, Aug. 15.— 0n
the part of the nativt.-y of the island,
rich and poor alike, there is great re
joicing that the war is at an end, chief
ly because they are a naturally peaceful
people unaccustomed to warfare and
bloodshed and the last two or three
weeks have been extremely trying.
Then.besides.it is useless to deny that
their sympathies have been with the
Americans, and they have welcomed
the first opportunity to make this fuct
plain.
Whether they and the Spanish and
Amerioans will form a peaceful fusion
is a question that is hard to answer.
The sentiment of the native population
is beyond doubt in favor of the Ameri
can, but the Spaniards, both military
and civil, decline to give expression to
their feelings until the exact situation
is known.
Porto Rico has been shut out from
communication with the rest of the
world so long that we are somewhat
In the dark, but I have it from reliable
neutral sources that the Spaniards and
better classes of natives prefer annexa
tion to independence. Captain Gen
eral Macias and the Spanish troops in
San Juan have emerged from the con
flict with honor, and on this point of
ficials here are pleased that Spain has
conceded peace. A continuation of
hostilities here would have meant
much useless bloodshed.
FREEMAN HALSTED.
LOWER-CLASS CUBANS
THREATEN TROUBLE
Do Not Want Peace, and Talk Even
of Attacking and Capturing
Santiago de Cuba.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Aug. 15.—
Trouble with the Cubans is brewing.
Their attitude is one of sullen b
ity toward Americans. The b
class in Cuba favor the annexation of
the island to the United States and a
majority of the masses if; ready and
anxious to work and accept the shelter
and protection afforded by an Ameri
can protectorate: but it is influenced
by a certain class of rabid orators and
breeders of sedition and rebellion
against anything smacking of law and
order.
This inflammatory class demands
and urges the recognition of Cuba for
Cubans and spurns all offers or sug
gestions tending to prosperity under an
American protectorate and excites
popular discontent. This is exactly the
class that pushes itself most into evi
dence and whose views and opinions
are most overheard and published. Its
advice to the Cubans is to repudiate
all offers of peace or a cessation of hos
tilities and to look upon an armistice
as an agreement between the United
States and Spain on their own account
and not binding upon the free and in
dependent state of Cuba, whose liber
ating army not only repudiates pacifi
cation, but will ignore the armistice to
the point of continuing to \^ige war
and shoot every Spaniard in the field.
A wild rumor is afloat to the effect
that the Cuban army will attack San
tiago and capture it, to the glory of the
Cuban arms, as soon as the American
garrison is weakened. This is directly
traceable to the same source. The in
fluence exerted by such a body of men
against law and order is formidable.
This hysterical people demands sup
pression with an iron hand. While still
in embryo this influence is already felt
among certain classes who refuse to
work or serve the Government until a
clear statement of the freedom and in
dependence of their country is made.
A knowledge of this condition is im
perative to the molding of future policy
and to explain whatever harsh steps
may be rendered necessary in dealing
with the insurgents.
Portuguese Ministry Resigns.
LTSBON. Aug. 15.— The Ministry has re
signed and Senor Jose Lucanio has been
charged with the task of forming a new
Cabinet.
56
SDAY.*.. \UGUST 16, 1898
JOHN D. SFRECKEIS, Proprietor.
Address All Communicationsjo WJ^ILEAKEJManager^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. f.
Telephone Main IS«S
tDITOHIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stev«n«on Strart
Telephone Maio. 1574.
THE «=AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
eerved by carriers In tbis city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a w««K- By mail $5 per year; per montfc
6b cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL.. V - -One year, by mall. $1.3«
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
KEW YORK OFFICE Room IBS. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertisiji* Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.I OFFICE Rigfte. Hove»
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE.. Marquette Buildlnft
C. GEORGE KROGNEBS, Advertising Representative.
IRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 930 o'clock- 337 Hayes street, open until
0:30 o'clook- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clocK-
I*4l Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK- 251S
Mission street, open until 9 o'clocK- '06 Eleventh
•treet. open untl- 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, ope*
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second an*
Kentucky street*. op«n until 9 o'clock
AMUSEMENTS,
Columbia— "Trilby."
Aicnznr— "Faust
Mprosco'B— "Work and Wares."
Tivo.i- "Lohengrin-"
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
The Chinos-Zoo. Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Man.
Suspended -Animation— CJrner Market and Larkln streets;
ulj-nipia— Corner Mason and Eddy btreets, Specialties.
Sutro's Baths— Swimmlnp.
El Cauipo— Music, dauelni-'.boatlnjr, fishing, every Sunday.
State Fair— Sacramento. September 5.
REPEATING fJ WARNING.
*~p*HAT the Republicans must not be led into over
confidence is a truth daily becoming more ap
* parent. Because the national administration has
been successful, has taken advantage of the oppor
tunity to be brilliant and reflect upon the entire coun
try credit and honor, the idea prevails that victory
must everywhere seek the Republican banners and
perch thereon. This is assuming too much.
The record of President McKinley has little b
with the campaign in California. It has no bearing
on the fact that the Democrats of this State will be
led by a wily politician, a man who has. deservedly
or not. a strung personal following, and who in his
methods is not always scrupulous. Nfaguire can get
oh all side- of all questions and be plausible. He can
linst monopoly, and the discontented, the
hungry for office, flock to his standard. He is the
:■ party and will be the nominee of an
other. These parties have, generally, little in com
mon. With good cause they distrust each other, but,
as to the head of the ticket, they will, so far as nomi
mcerned, be united.
By the time ■ the war will be but a mem
ory dimmed by events of another character. The
public mind i- always attracted by that which is of
current interest. It will have been forgotten that the
war with Spain was ably conducted by a Republican
executive, and that it- first acts were denounced by
Maguire as act- of piracy. In the train of Maguire
will gather Democrats, Populists, Silver Republicans,
■ g of the dissatisfied oi all parties, a mass
■ if imposing character except ;'. c to numbers, and
yet not one to be regarded a- a trifle to be swept
ne faith.
The only effective weapons against the Maguire
ipe will be vote-. These cannot be secured
by putting up a weak man. A weak man cannot be
■ ' _ ainst the combination. Then why not name
rong one? There is plenty oi good material in
tlie Republican party.
OIL AND WATER FUSION.
I~*HE oil of Democracy and water of Populism
may be put into one receptacle and violently
agitated, yet will they refuse to mix. The fusion,
so called, upon which Congressman Maguire depends
for election to the Governorship is a delusion.
( "ircum.stances. as shaping themselves at Sacra
mento, where some Democrats are assembling to
take the Populist pill, show that it is regarded by
them as a bitter dose. The gathering thus far has
been marked by its lack of enthusiasm, and the ab
sence of those faithful old timers who have for, many
campaigns given up their efforts and money for the
success of their party. The few who appear feel that
they have been betrayed. They have been forced into
a combination with Populists against their will, and
resentment is open and palpable.
Their enthusiasm has been killed and their senti
ment is one of disgust. Surh F)emocrats as are try
ing to keep in harness consider themselves engaged in
a hopeless task, the one 'gleam of light being in the
possibility of electing the head of the ticket.
To Populists and Silver Republican?; have been al
lotted a large share of the officers, and yet for a por
tion of those left to the Democrats, the Attorney
General, Surveyor General nnd Secretary of State,
there are no aspirants and search is being made for
the available men.
Candidates do noi care to become such only to be
bowled over. The inference is plain that the Demo
crats ' only to elect the head of the
ticket. Greed for the share of the patronage leads
them to concentrate their endeavors in behalf of
They cannot reconcile themselves to the
lhat the Lieutenant Governorship should have
to the Populists, dreading the contin
■ that in the ev< in of Maguirc's election ' and
death the administration might fall into the hands of
• irty in which they have not and do not pretend
to have confidence.
Here and there a sanguine Democrat explains that
by standing in with the Populists «ome of them may
ultimately be won over None goes so far as to say
thai tlri- present combination is desirable or that it is
likely to be effective.
Such i« Fusion as now on exhibition at Sacramento:
the o.\ and the
\ war between Great Britain and Russia over the
Chinese question would mean a pressure upon the old
.■ From the (and by the Russians and by sea
from the Rritish. The combatants would hardly be
injured, but their mutual friend, China, would come
'•ut like a squeezed lemon.
Vfter the boys who balf-stafved on the Sydney have
• istered out of service they will no longer be
ieations to refrain from kicking the inferior
superior officers who are responsible.
"From the way things are going we might as well
cease talking of contracts for street work and refer to
them all hereafter as contracts for street jobs.
All the music in Sacramento goes to the one tune,
"There* a hot time in the old town to-night "
MANILA IS OURS.
SWIFT as were the Spaniards to sue for peace
and accept the terms offered, the redoubtable
Dewey was swifter still, and when the news of
the cessation of hostilities reaches the Philippines the
bearers of it will find our flag above Manila and our
troops in undisputed possession of the capital and all
the province around about it.
The opportunities of this war have been propitious
to Dewey, and he has most grandly shown himself
master of all their possibilities. He struck the first
great blow in the contest, and now he has had the
privilege of striking the last. That which he opened
with victory he has closed with glory. By universal
consent it will be agreed that the highest honors of
the war are rightly his, and a grateful country will
expect Congress to revive for him the rank of ad
miral, which was so honorably borne by the great sea
captains and heroes of the Civil War.
The capture of Manila will have a diplomatic as
well as a military significance. When the Commis
sioners of the two powers come to consider what shall
be done with the Philippines they will begin the dis
cussion upon the basis that the city is ours and the
surrounding islands are virtually so. It will not be
a question whether Spain shall surrender them to us,
but whether we shall return them to Spain. They are
ours now.
This last and closing victory of the war is not
widely different from those which have preceded it.
It is another brilliant feat of arms to illumine our
annals. It affords us another occasion for patriotic
exultation and rejoicing. It crowns the work begun
by the destruction of the Spanish fleet in the harbor
of Manila on May i and places us in a position from
which we can dictate what shall be done with all the
rich islands of the Philippine group.
AMERICAN CITIZENSHIP-
THE Louisville Courier-Journal discusses Ameri
can citizenship in the light of what may occur
in the event of acquisition by this country of
the Spanish colonies.
The Wong Kirn Ark case is quoted. Ark was born
in California, and, having visited China, on his re
turn here was denied landing. He claimed citizenship
by birthright and the Supreme Court gave it to him.
The majority of the court held that undefined parts
of the constitution must be interpreted in the light
of the common law of England, which makes the
birthplace the criterion of nationality. It is thereupon
argued by Chief Justice Fuller and Justice Harlan
that such rule excludes from citizenship a large num
ber of Americans born abroad, whose parents were
not m the consular or diplomatic service. Such per
sons are far greater in number than is commonly sup
posed. The late Charles F. Crisp. Speaker 'of the
House, was born in England, where his parents, who
were play actors, were sojourning on a professional
tour.
While the Ark decision is of importance, because
it makes all children hereafter born in Hawaii citizens
of the United States, as will be those born in any ex
ternal possessions of which we may despoil Spain, it
i- of no less importance if it deny citizenship to
Americans born in sojourn abroad.
The Revised Statutes, section 1993, say: "All chil
dren heretofore born or hereafter born out of the
limits and jurisdiction of the United States whose
fathers were or may be at the time of their birth citi
zens thereof are declared to be citizens of the United
States; but the rights of citizenship shall not descend
to children whose fathers never resided in the United
States."
Section 2\~2 provides that naturalization of the
father naturalizes also his minor children and makes
them citizens of the tinted States.
It will be seen that sections 1993 and 2172 intend to
legalize the descent of citizenship through the father;
in the first case through th: father as a native or
naturalized citizen of the United States whose child
is born abroad, and in the second through the father,
alien born, by his naturalization, to his minor chil
dren alien born.
We are not at present aware of any instance in
which section 1993 has been subjected to a judicial
decision, but section -2172 has been in the courts. The
first case arose in Virginia, and the United States Su
preme Court decision is written by Justice Washing
ton. William Currie. a native of Scotland, was
naturalized in Virginia. His daughter Jeanette was
at that time an infant living in Scotland. At Wil
liam's death his real property descended to Jeanette,
then Mrs. Gordon. The action arose upon an issue
of sufficiency of title, turning upon the descent of citi
zenship to her from her father's naturalization, she
being at that time a resident of Scotland. Justice
Washington held, with the concurrence of the court,
that Jeanette became a citizen of the United States
by the naturalization of her father and capable of in
heritance under the laws of Virginia.
This case was followed by the Circuit Court of
New York in the United States vs. Hirschfield,
though the facts were less extreme than in the Currie
case.
Xow. if the Ark case extend incompetence to sec
tion 1993, it must also invalidate section 2172, which
covers the ca^e of tens of thousands of voters to
whom citizenship descended through their naturalized
fathers. If the place of birth determine nationality,
and, therefore, citizenship, the latter quality can no
more descend through a naturalized than a native
father, and the children of each must be themselves
naturalized
It will be observed that the law has treatei nativity
and naturalization upon precisely equal terms, with a
capacity in each for transmitting citizenship regard
less of birthplace of the child. If this capacity be
denied to one it must be denied to both.
The common people of Spain have been informed
that the United States have sued for peace, and the
next bit of information given out will be that peace has
been granted on condition that the United States take
charge of Cuba, Porto Rico and the Philippines here
after and save Spain the expense.
There ought to be some method of ascertaining the
truth concerning the deaths of Mrs. Deane and Mrs.
Dunning. If it was accident the sender of the candy
should come forward fearlessly', and, if a crime, should
be dragged forth and to the gallows.
English papers, in calling upon the Ministry to
stand firm, point to the action of the United States as
an example worthy of imitation. There was a trme
when this could not have happened.
Princess Kaiulani may marry an American soldier,
which would give her a chance to be queen of a
household, which is a prouder title than the one she
will lay aside.
If Cubans are to conduct the affairs of the island
the suggestion that the Junta be sent over to help do
it is too valuable to be overlooked.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, AUGUST 16, 1898.
WHILE there are naturally wide differences of
opinion among the people as to the most ex
pedient course for our Government to pursue
in dealing with the colonies wrested from Spain, it
is notable that there is nowhere any feeling of un
easiness or anxiety. The discussion of the i*su<- is
carried on earnestly indeed, but without excitement,
in all parts of the country. Everywhere there is a
firmly founded confidence that the administration will
guard all the interests of the nation, and that the set
tlement of the problems growing out of the war is in
safe hands.
This feeling of confidence in the President is so
well nigh universal that it forms one oi the salient
characteristics of the political situation. More than
one Democratic convention in the East has expressly
declared its approval of the policy of the administra
tion on all war issues, and time and again at Demo
cratic meetings references to the -Preside! t have been
greeted with cheers. When such expressions come
from political opponents on the eve of a general elec
tion it is evident the country has reached an era of
good feeling.
For this fortunate state of things we are, indebted
chiefly to the personal inthiencv of President
McKinley. He is essentially a hnrmonizcr. In
this respect his character is radically different
from that of his predecessor in the Presidency. While
Cleveland's personality was felt as a disturbing influ
ence even in the ranks of his own party, that of .Mc-
Kinley has been recognized as a conciliating force.
He has thoroughly united all factions in the Republi
can ranks, has done much to eradicate all sectional
antagonisms between North and South, and, as we
now see. has actually .removed much of the bitterness
and excitement from our partisan strife.
The President has accomplished this good work by
the exercise of that kind of tact that is the outgrowth
of a genuine patriotism, a desire to servo the whole
country and a willingness to serve it in accordance
with the public wish. He has not attempted to domi
nate those around him or to enforce his will in every
respect by overriding others, lie has made haste
slowly. He has consulted the sentiment of the nation
at every step, and' as a result has had the great ma>s
of the people at his back and ready fb support him
in all the movements he has made from first to last.
A striking illustration of the President's wisdom
in dealing with the emergencies of the war and one
which shows how closely he keeps in touch with the
sympathies of the people i> to be seen it; the policy
displayed in selecting generals to command the vol
unteer army. There was more than ordinary tact
displayed in the appointment of old Confederates like
Wheeler, Lee and Butler to important commands. It
was an actthat roused the North almost a* much as tin-
South. It gave an impulse to a g/cat wave of fra
ternal feeling throughout the L'nion that completely
swept away the last vestiges of sectional antagonisms
growing out of the war.
We may draw assurance from the past that the
President will not act hastily or unadvisedly in the
settlement of any problem arising from our new re
sponsibilities. He will keep in touch with the com
mon people ns Lincoln did. In that confidence the
country can discuss with calmness the issues that con
front it. knowing that the affairs of the nation are in
safe hands.
GREAT BRITAIN AND RUSSIA.
RUMORS of impending war between Great
Britain and Russia have been common in the
world for so long a time that the memory of
man runneth not to the contrary. Ju^t before our war
with Spain began these rumors were of the most
startling nature, and it seemed from them as if hos
tilities between tiie rival powers in China would break
out and be finished before the Cuban question had
passed from the hands pf diplomatists,
While we were lighting we heard little of the ru
mors. There was no time for them. Now that peace
is at hand they return again. The thread is taken up
just where it was dropped about four months ago.
We arc now assured that war between Great Britain
and Russia will break out before the end of autumn
with as much fervor and force of argument a- we
were t<>ld last winter that it would break out before
spring ended. It is the old story told in the old way
and having little of new reasons to sustain it.
Of course there is a basis of fact for these reports
to rest upon. In this, as in all things else where there
is so much smoke, there must be some fire. With
certain kinds of material, however, such as wet straw,
it does not take much of a spark to cause a vast
smoke, and the fuel from which the war rumors come
is very wet straw indeed. The Chinese question i
one of those vast insoluble problems over which/dip
lomatists may wrangle for years without reaching the
fighting point. There arc babies now playing in the
nurseries of London and St. Petersburg who will
grow up, become diplomatists, wax fat. rich, gray
headed and then retire, leaving the controversy still
unsettled.
The talk of war is largely a matter of British poli
tics. The opponents of Salisbury will make Great
Britain how) with denunciations of hi; "cowardly
policy." his "truckling to Russia" and his "surrender
of British interests'' in the East until they get him out
of office. Then a Liberal Ministry will assume charge
ot the Government, draw the salaries of Cabinet offi
cers, distribute the patronage and continue the same
old foreign policy. Rosebery is not more likely to
make war than Salisbury. The denunciations of
Russian aggression in London are aimed less at the
Russians that at the British citizen whose vote is
wanted against the Government.
As a matter of fact the British seem to have gained
more in China than Russia, Germany and France
combined. The Russians have the advantage <>f posi
tion simply because they are reaching China by an
overland route, and the annexation of Chinese terri
tory is a part of the natural expansion of their em
pire. The British wish trade, and the Russians wish
land. The interests of the tiro are not ?o opposite as
they seem. F.ach will use the other as an excuse for
invading Chinese soil or controlling Chinese, trade,
but there is no imperative reason why they should
fight just yet. and they are not likely to do so unless
some cog in the diplomatic machine breaks and pre
cipitates a crisis so suddenly that the statesmen on
one or possibly both sides will lose their heads.
It is asserted that Great Britain has decided to take
a decided step in China, but it is not yet certain
whether it will be forward, backward or a step aside.
A candid expression of opinion from Blanco would
be read with interest, but the trouble is that Blanco
does not know how to be candid.
Mr. Henry Foote should have got his brother to
take those cats to Sacramento and turn them loose
with the terriers.
A Colorado prize-fif;ht has ended fatally, but only
to one contestant. There is naturally some feeling of
dissatisfaction.
Somr army officers doubtless have a feeling that the
glory did not get distributed fairly.
IN SAFE HANDS.
PERSONAL EQUATION IN NAVAL WARFARE.
Admiral Sicard, In command of the North Atlantic squadron, broke
down a few months ago, and had to relinquish his command. Captain
Clark, after making his famous voyage from coast to coast with the Ore
gon, after annihilating the Spanish fleet off Santiago, has succumbed to the
nervous strain, and has been invalided home. Captain Gridley of the Olym
pia died after the Manila fight.
Those are only a few of the nvu'.y instances in which naval officers,
even during the present brief w;ir. h; ye found that the burden of respon
sibility laid upon them was greater than their system would bear. It is
an object lesson which we cannot affori to neglect.
The world, or, rather, the only portion of it which we need consider,
represented by the great nav.il powers, has stood breathlessly aloof,
watching the conflict between tire, United states and Spain. Everything
was to be learned from the actual experience of warfar. ; all doubts as to
the relative merits of puns and armor, of battleships and cruis <r:3, of tor
pedo-boats and destroyers, w?r« to be set at rtst at our expense. For a
generation the machinists and theorists of every nation have exhausted
their Inventive faculties in order to produce the ideal fighting ship; types
varying in the wiriest degree have been created Ky different powers, yet
none had the ability to predict how their vessels would behave in actual
conflict. The war has come and gone, the struggle has passed throHgh
Its many brilliant phases and is now nearing Its 'glorfoue end, and the na
val constructors of the world are but little the wiser. That more has not
been learned Is not our fault, yet we. have reason to b« thankful that the
utt<r inefficiency of our adversary on the sea has preser\ed many a valua
ble life to America.
The world-old answer has been read to our question. It is the man and
not the ship which wins the battle. The Romans, when theysfought their
many oared galleys on the Mediterranean, and triumphed over their oppon
ents, knew it. The Norse Vikings, when they swept the northern seas, and
gave to the Anglo-Saxon race for all time its birthright of naval
knew it. Drake and Frobisher and Hawkins, all the old Elizabethan sea
lions, when they harried the don in his hold and swept his mighty armada
like spume from the face of the sea, knew it. Blake and Rodney and N !
son, Paul Jones. Bainbridge and Decatur, they all impressed upon their
foes, time and again, the same immutable law. Still later, during the war
between the United States and England, we learned that when vessels
were manned by men of the same race, the results of the desperate c« n
fliet depended more upon chance than upon any actual superiority in size
or guns.
It is difficult now to understand why we expected anything- different
from the present war. Captain Mahan has taught us that although steam,
and armor have superseded canvas and wood, the principles of naval strat
egy remain unchanged. Yet there were many leading- critics, especially
on the other .side of the Atlantic, whu expressed grave doubts as to the
result <>f a struggle between our ships and those of Spain. Theoreti
cally, tin- fighting machines of Spain were just as good as ours, some of
their truis.rs were even faster and more modern, their guns were- of the
latest pattern, and they had the advantage of using smokeless instead of
the Obsolete black powder with which, to the disgrace of our administra
tion, the United States navy is still supplied. Further, the Spaniards- pos
ian arm in which we were entirely deficient. They had a number
of tnodern torpedo destroyers, the fastest type of vessel in the world, from
which much was expected. Yet no use was made by the don of his advan
tage; in every case it was the man, and not the ship, which won the bat
tle. As a result, the vaunted navy of Spain now consists mostly of old iron,
piled up on tin- beaches or sunk beneath th»- waters of two hemispheres.
Thus, as always, everything depends upon the man, and by the man
I mean more especially the man in command. The accuracy of our gun
ners, the gallantry of the sailors who man the guns, is not in question
Tt is the commander of the ship, the man upon whom the whole re
sponsibility tor a successful issue culminates, whom we have to consider.
The question we have to face is whether we have not reached the outside
limits of human endurance, whether the personal equation, which remains
always a fixed Quality, has not been overbalanced by the complexity of
modern mechanism. Appliances undreamed of by our forefathers have
been CTOW^ed into our ships. The cares of a commander have been multi
plied ;l thousand fold. Yet it is doubtful whether the nervous organisa
tion of the fin de siecle sailor, weakened by an overrefined civilization, is
as strong as that of his simple bred forefather of a century past.
Who ever heard of one of Nelson's captains breaking down owing to
the nervous strain forced upon him by a successful naval action? Did Paul
Jones collapse after he had captured the Serapis, or did Bainbridge have
to be Invalided home when he had successfully disposed of the Barbary
Coast pirates? No. The men of those days, unless they had the misfor
tune to !>■■ wounded in action, finished in style, tit and fresh for another
engagement as si>on as the enemy reappeared. The old sailing ship, it
must be remembered, was a very simple, albeit perfect machine. She had
been evolved by centuries of experience, until the types of war vessels had
become absolutely fixed. Every sailor knew exactly what his ship might be
expected to do, ar.d knew how to do it in the simplest and easiest way.
without the necessity for any mental exertion on his part. He knew, also,
exactly what the enemy would do and how to defeat his maneuvers. The
i . st was easy, the captain had only to unleash his sea dogs, and the side
which knew how to fight best won the day.
It was an admirably simple state of affairs, and the pfty of it is that
the conditions have passed forever. The modern captain who takes his
ironclad into action has to face a widely different situation. He is hand
ling a huge, excessively complicated machine, the fighting capacity of
which has never been really tested. The organism is almost human in
its sensibility. Every one of the hundred branching nerves which direct
the action of the ship has to be controlled by the master brain. And it
is this man, shut up in his narrow conning tower, whom we have to rely
upon (dr victory. Through the slits in the armored structure he .can com
mand but a limited view. He knows that at any moment a well aimed
shell from the enemy may blow him into fragments. He has to control
voice pipes and telegraphs leading to every part of the ship. A single
false onler on his part may mean destruction for his vessel, if not annihi
lation for his crew.
Have we a right to expect that the delicate, nervous organization of
any human being will withstand such a strain for long? It is true that
at Manila Dewey, with his officers around him, fought his ships from the
open vantage of the bridge. But it was a risk that it would have been
criminal to take against a skilled enemy. One well aimed shell might
have destroyed the admiral and his staff, the whole brains of the fleet. It
is due alone to Spanish incompetency that such a shell did not arrive-.
In one of the best imaginative descriptions of a modern naval battle yet
written, the captain who fights his ship from the conning tower finds, after
the successful issue of the action, that his hair has turned white from
nervous strain. In real warfare the experience is likely to repeat itself.
Even in times of peace we see that the responsibility of commanding a
great Beet may upset the stoutest brain. In no other way can we account
tdr Admiral Tryon's terrible blunder in the Mediterranean, when a foolish
order cost her Majesty one "f her finest ironclads, and the lives of hundreds
ot her bravest sailors and marines. If this could happen in' peace, what
might not we expect during the heat and excitement of war? Wherein lies
the remedy? It is not for the layman to decide this point. but it is quite
evident that, to meet modern requirements, a new departure is nei
Some way must be devised of subdividing the responsibility, some means
whereby several brains instead of a single one may be Intrusted with the
care ol controlling our great fighting machines. The task has outgrown
the capacity of one man, and we have yet to learn how we can with safety
intrust it to many. j. p. ROSE-SOLEY.
IN WOOD AND MEADOWS.
Beneath the pines above the cascade's
pool, . .
Where eager trout are watching for
their food,
We snuff the resinous balm in shadows
cool,
And feel the somber sweetness of the
wood.
The- pines breathe happy sighs, the
thrush's song .
Is an enchantment, and the cascade's
fall '
An ever-lulling monotone among
The woodland sounds, commingling
with them all.
There is a murmur, not of stream or
breeze,
But. lei us fancy., of an elfin foe,
Marching from haunts in bushes, brakes
and trees
To cause invading Gullivers to go.
Ruck! back! invisibles, for we must stay
Till twilight comes and dryads cease to
v ; "r- A Play.
The century elm in this broad meadow
fleld ■
Is beckoning us to come within its
shade
And listen to the orioles half concealed
Among its [eaves, in feathered flame
i • arrayed. .
See how the daisies clustered near keep
time
In nods of starry whiteness to their
tune,
While bees . are humming sympathetic
rhyme
Along the clover of the lavish June. I
Such are the signs, <> Nature, of thy will
To win and hold men's too inconstant
■ arts,
And lift the gloom which harsher things
instill.
And cure their morbid fancies and their
smarts.
Tempests are fierce and Marches bleak
and bare,
But these remembered make the Junes
more fair.
. . George C. ; Bragdon. .
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
JOHN BROWN-W. T. M<\, Auburn.
Cftl. John Etrbwn, who was tho attendant
of Quean Victoria for many years, dted
on the 27th of March, 1883.
OUT "OF .WEDLOCK— T. M., City.
There; has been published in the B and
series. a work of fiction called "Born Out
of Wedlock." It is a cheap edition of/the
sensational class. :■'■ • "'.'/.
LECTFRES— T. S. X., Lo. sato*. Cal.
The lectures on diseases of the heArt de
livered before the Cooper Medical Col
lege by a professor of Cambridge were
published by a medical journal in Sacra
mento.
THE RAILWAY SERVICE— E. F. G.
San Leandro Road. Tal. The next ex
animation under civil b» rvlee rules for the j
railway mall .service will bo held some i
time between the Ist ami 15th <>r ivi
at ■ date to be announced througl
press.
THE PENNSYLVANIA— A. L. B. and
F. A. S., City. The troop ship Pennsyl
vania sailed from this port at 10:30 a. m.
July IS, ISDS. It is probable thai the
steamer due here from Honolulu on next
Wednesday, the 17th, • will bring mail
from the men who sailed on her.
MAIL TO MANILA— Porte, Sacramento,
Cal. There is no mail direct from San i
Francisco' to. Manila. The. mail,, except i
that which goes by the transports, is sent '
on the steamers for China. It is. left at" I
Hongkong and from there "shipped to Ma
nila. It generally takes about thirty
days for a . letter to reach that place
from San Francisco. •• 1 ; ' ,
AN OLD CARTRIDGE BOX— B. K. L.,
Kllit.tt. ("til. The article described in your
communication In ofce oi the old-fashioned
cartridge boxes that were Issued to the
Union army durinur the civil war. aa it
bears the words. "Watertown Arsenal,
1868." That arsenal is in Watertown
Middlesex County. Mass.. on the Charles
River, and on the line f the Kitihburg
Railroad, six miles from Boston.
RICHARD HARDING DAVIS— XL /L.
F., Martinez, Cal. Richard Harding
Davis was born in Philadelphia, Pa., April
18, ISG4. He studied at the Lehigh Uni
versity, after which he went to the Johns
i Hopkins i niyersity, where he received a
Journalistic training. ■ His residence is
New York, City, when not: off on special
duty. The home of his mother Mi Re
becca Harding Davis, la in. Philadelphia,
■"A" ' PROFITABLE COURSE-E. F.
Napa, Cal. If a young man' Intends to
: take a course of law at Harvard in the
j future, an.l before that wishes to take
;a course at the University of California,
one that would be profitable to him hi
Us ■ future studies. it might be a good
i 'lea to take a course in the law school
of that institution. . One who wishes to
become a lawyer cannot know too much
law.
LITTLE RIG HORN— N. H., Tiburon.
Cal. Little Big Horn, where General Cus
ter and his men were murdered by the
Sioux, is in Montana. It is a river on the
Crow reservation, near Fort Custer. south
<>f the Junction of the Yellowstone an.l
the Big Horn rivers. The Big Horn River
in Wyoming and Montana is the I
tributary of th In |ts «Pt
per course it is called the WTna^River
It rices in the aorthwestern part of Wyo
ming, flows southeast, then north for
about 350 miles, joining the Yellowstone
In Montana. n>-.w Fort Custer, where it Is
joined by the Little The river
•is near the Rosebud range, which is al
luded to by some as th.- Black Hilla.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Captain J. B. Ldbby of Port Townsend is
at th" lAck.
Louis Dean, a cattle raiser of. Reno, ia
at the Russ,
!■:. C. Kirkvuitrick. a hop grower of Pal
las 0,-,-.. | Baldwin.
Rabbi M. G Solomon and wife o% Los
a are guests at the Pal
Fred Coa, a Sacramento banker, is
making the Grand his headquarters.
\V. |>. ill; r and Char' '■ -'ire
registered at the Occidental from Japan.
Frederick \.. Dutton of New STorl
F. \\". Fitch of Auburn are ai the Grand.
Harry \V. Ti wksimry ai
Tewksbury of New York are at tl
ace.
Mr. and Mrs. Jos. nli B. Spear have re
turned from a week*s sojourn at Castle
Crajr.
A. Ramish. a railroad contractor of Los
Angeles, registered at th<- Baldwin
terday.
William Palmtas. a prominent mer
chant of Hollister, will be at th.- Cali
fornia to* a few 'lays.
Charles J. Faulkner of West Virginia
and W, il. Moody of Haverhill, Mass
red at the Pal
Stanton T.. Carter, an attorney ><t
Fresno, is at the T.ick and intends making
an extended Eastern trip.
C. R. Scott of Portland, Or., ami David
Wall of Vancouver. Wash., are among the
arrivals at tha Occidental.
C. Hart Merrtam of Washington, D. C,
in,! John H. Sage "i" Portland, Me., are
registered at the California.
E. A. Chilton ->f Kentucky, who is large>
ly interested in mail contracts thruuyh
the United States, is at the Grand.
Thomas J. Walker, manager ■ i tho
WataonvUle baseball team, is in ;l,e city
on busin. -s connected with thi new
it club, and Is located at the <
w. if. Town of St. Louis, Mr. and Mrs.
L. W. Blinn of Loa Angeleß, I. W. Bul
lock of Chicago and James F. Farrahor.
an attorney ol Yreka, were among the
names inscribed on the Palace res
yesterday.
Colonel Isaac Trumbo is entertaining
three distlnguißl - in the persons
<if President Wilford Woodruff, Bishop
Hiram B. Clawson and Counselor I
t.,>. Cannon of the Mormon church. The
three dignitaries have come to this city
simply for pleasure and will remain on
the coast for some time.
CALL IT "MURPHY BREAD."
How Maize Flour Is Used by the
Bakers of Germany.
Mr. Murphy gives the following par
ticulars of the new bread, which is well
known in Germany and America:
This bread is made of a mixti;:
33 per cent white maize flour, and (i.
per cent of wheat or rye. In Europe
it was first adopted in Germany, ii.
the year of the failure in the .
As to-day we are in an analogous
uation, the present wheat crop- being
50,000,000 hundredweight less than our
needs, it is of interest to know that
white malse flour <-an supply the want,
In giving to the public a far more nu
tritive bread, bettor in taste and at a
far cheaper price than bread made of
all wheat flour. This bread wiil keep
fresh longer, for maize is more absorb
ent than wheat, it is a delicious bread
and excessively tine. Th«? bakt
America made this bread, recomm-nd- 9
by Colonel Murphy of the I'
States Department of Agriculture.
The problem of a cheap bread seems
thus to be solved. The baker can sell
this bread at lv centimes cheaper p< r
loaf of four pounds than the loaf of the
same weight made entirely of wheat,
for the targe sack of maize flour •
about 30 francs less than the same size
sa'k of wheat Hour.
The following are the natural advan
tages of this bread, recommended by
Mr. Murr>hy: A remarkable property
of maize Hour to absorb a great quan
tity of water (about the double of
wheat ilourv in consequence this bread
keeps fresh longer, while the bak^r
pets more bread out of it. Maize is
a cereal extremely nourishing. Maize
when it is nut determinated has a dis
agreeable taste, that in such an in
stance would be communicated to the
In-. -ad. Th- grain must be submitted to
a certain i>r.H-ess for degerminaUon,
then the Hour has no longer the dis
agreeable taste referred to. Dr. Du
jardin-Beaninetz says in his book
"Hygtene Alimentaire" that maize is
tin- most nourishing, that it occupies
tin- tirst place, on account of the fatty
matter it contains, and it Is easily to
be understood the present tendency to
substitute in pa^t wheat Hour by thai
,->f maiz ■. Mivr-d maize bread has liKhr.
laxative properties, which will be ap
tireciated by the inhabitants of cities.
This American bread gives a perfect
digestion. In Berlin sixty-five special
bakeries make this mixed maize bread.
— Croix d/ Lorraine.
Cal. gki-'e fruit 60C pat 1b at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Presi Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 518 Mont
gt>i»«ry street. Telephone Main KH2. *
"The Thompsons can't decide what to
name their twins."
"Well, ii th. twins resemble their other
children they should call one Vesuvius
and the other Terror."— Chicago Eteoard^
To Portland and Keturn $20 First-
Class.
Account Pacific Coast Dental Congress. By o.
R. and N. Co.'s steamer, sailing August IS.
Inquire at 630 Market street.
First and Second
Class rates again reduced via the Santa- Fe
route.. Call nt the new ticket office, OS Market.
Volunteers— Pi | yourselves in fighting: trim
■with a bottle of Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bit
ters to regulate your digestion., i-
"Ma, wuz you a bride when you had
this photograph taken?"
"Yes, Johnny."
"Well, ma, if" you wus as pretty as that
what mad- you k c > an' marry pa?"— Puck.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Baking Powder
Most healthful
leavener in
the world.
Goes farther.
_ ROYAL 3AKINO POWOEH CO., NEW YORK.THREATENED
TO LYNCH THE
MURDERER
Arrest of the Man Who
: Killed Scraffino.
TAKEN WITHOUT A STRUGGLE
FOUND IN A LODGING-HOUSE
ON THE WATER FRONT.
"Friends of the Dead Man Pre
vented From Wreaking Per
. sonal Violence on
; . . Him.
ii'-K.Jde-.lnd'elecato, who shot and killed An
.. -ifixiict "Scrafflno on Fisherman's Wharf
irki'st' Thursday night, is in custody. He
.'■• 'jsvas. arrested last night by Special Officer
"V ■ p>ii?er after the regular police nnd the
.isleiiths -of the upper office had failed to
.'. ca'teh. him.
• .':■ Since the commission of the -bloody
' £fin»;' Detectives Dillon and Ellis have
•.'.{■■b"*en- vainly endeavoring to locate the
':.rnv;r<JeT.'r. Shortly after 9 o'clock last
.'• ' ■ tiig-ht-iDeuser, whose beat is on the water
•/ front.': saw- a crowd of Italians standing
• • If: 'front of a cheap lodging-house on
' -.Filbert street, near Front. Suspecting
: ■ <hat"i"ndelecato was in the house and
■ i- -that" the Italians, whom he recognized as
; IfrteddßOf the murdered man, were Dent
:: \on' : lynching him. he summoned Ellis ana
■* 'Dillon. ■: After learning the story they
:■••■■ started off in another direction, evidently
ied that the special was on a false
/;• VDeujer, however, was satisfied that the
'- '■ ihilrderer was in the house, and as tne
■ '-■ Italians, were becoming Impatient, pre
'•■ .euiriably waiting for reinforcements, no
■•determined to outwit them.
■.=■-" Secretly entering the house, he went to
■ : the room in which th. murderer was said
'"• to be. and rapped for admittance. In
-■•4«lecaib opened the door, and being recog
■ ■-iilZ'Ml by the special, he was placed under
"■ arrest. He offered no resistance and con
■: peri-red to accompany Deuser to the Cali
•:forniiL-street police station. Fearing that
.."ihe excited Italians who were waiting out
• -side -would attempt to take him from him,
•■".Doiiser-had his prisoner button up his coat
• "••■and prill his bat down over his eyes.
', "Fearing violence at the hands of the
--• frb.wd.- Indelecato did as requested, and
■•■ yit'll'the special he emerged from the
■ ■' house-.' ' Deuser hurried him along Front
■;fe.tr«e"t. • The murderer was subsequently
•. placet! in the patrol-wagon and hurriedly
•.•• driven to the City Prison. Being unable
.■to;s'peak English, an interpreter was sent
■.: tor. In order to set his version of the
•* tragedy...
; . :-.T^."i? .story of the murder, as told by In
.•; delicate., is as follows:
... ■. iv; A'r.'»Jut two months ago Scraffino and I
'. : ha-' 1 ., a quarrel over our nets, and at that
:'-thrie- Tie attempted to strike me on the
• head. -with a board. On the night of the
".'killing' l was in my boat and when I got
. out Serafttno was waiting for me. As I
■ . -appro-Artie;! he said: 'Stop or I'll kill you.'
;' l. pleaded with him not to kill me. and as
.■■'■ .he seemed bent on murder, I asked him
: - what he meant. He said: 'I'll kill you,
• and I'll do It to-night.' He then drew his
:■'.' dagger and I. realizing that my life was In
•iJan^er; fired two shots at him. I then
' : en t-"" home, where I remained a short
■-•r time " The day following I went to Oak
!land.-and the next day returned to this
"'■ City.,.- where I have been ever since." i
R&CEPTION TO THE
OREGON'S BUILDERS
■ Merchants to entertain
; :'•'■-'. 'ship constructors.
A Public Expression of Appreciation
V Vvfor the Ships the Union Iron
Works Men Have Built.
- The ; entire world has been loud In its
.•• praise, of the Union Iron Works for turn
" -out of its yards such magnificent bat
' -tie. ships' and cruisers as the Oregon and j
iheS'Qlympia and others, but it has re- j
; '■ rrtaihed for the Merchants' Association of
'< this, city to publicly give credit to the
■•- wo'rkm/en who constructed these fighting
-Vessels. In order that a proper expression
. of appreciation might be made it was de
;."i elded. at the last meeting of th 2 associa- |
■'.tloft 'to ask Henry T. Scott, president of
.Union Iron Works, if he would con
.Vent to -a public reception to all those who [
■':'• had anything to do with the construction
• b'f these, ships, upon the occasion >* the
• /return :6£ Irving M. Scott from his tiip to >
■ • 'JBurape. His consent was readily ob
.VUitned and the directors of the association !
; -passed! the following resolutions:
'■ : .\V'n*reas. The Merchants' Association desires
- :-itq.'c.onyfiy. publicly to the officers and men of i
i'-ih'e "-tTjiYted " Htates navy its sincere appreciation
• -o.f--ti>V superb manner In which the navy as j
.■■■well as the army of the United States have up- j
: ..-Tie)<3 -tfie. honor of our country In the battles of j
-.'• -Manila and Santiago; and whereas. Admiral
/ "Dewey. fought on the deck of the California- |
.' ..built- r-ruiger Olympla, and Captain Clark, with j
; : the- CaJlf'ofhla-built battle-ship Oregon, has the I
..distinguished credit of having been the deter- |
■ .ml.nlnK : factor in the destruction of the Spanish j
••.-■n>et..on* th»? roast of Cuba; therefore, be it
'. .■ :ResolVe<], That a public testimonial be given
■■ by -{he : Merchants' Association as a fitting ex- j
• ifrrepajon of our appreciation of the renown con
■. .-'ifTre-i- ijpon the Pacific Coast and San Fran
••.clscto :.y. the warships built. at the Union Iron :
..-. "Works. In this city, and at the same time pub- ,
■ -hc'.y : ex£)rrss our pride in the wonderful work
•..'Of- pur -citizens, the employes of the
]•' Unloh-. Iron" Works, by the genius of whose
■ handicj-aft. "these noble ships were built whlrh j
>. tiave. added 1 further links to the unbroken chain
?.X>t .victories binding the American navy to the :
:- hearts 'pf our people, and has* Riven such valu- j
: -able new territory to the republic.
■■• Rsp*ulv«-<l. That with the consent of Henry T.
■■■" Scott-; (■:-., . president of the Union Iron Works, :
■ .■fMs'-. -testimonial be suitably expressed in a
.'" public" reception to be tendered to the officers,
-. "directors and employe* of the Union Iron
•' ■Wp>k§, .upon the occasion of the return of j
'..■Xrrjng' M. Scott, Esq., vice-president of the
•Union. Iron Works, from his European trip.
'-■.' Resolved,' That the Merchants' Association i
■Jn-vl'tes an' other commercial and Industrial or
■'• K.-inl/.atiohs to Join with it in rendering this re
•'• : tep.Uon a ilotable one.
■; 'Resolved, That these resolutions be inscribed
■VtpeSS the minutes of the association and copies \
'■ -.thereof, be forwarded to the Union Iron Works
. tind -a committee appointed to make all neces
. Pary. arrangements.
.■-.'.- A ■•Committee has been appointed to ar
■ range for the reception and invite all
■■ other commercial and industrial organlxa
.• tlons In San Francisco to unite with the
■ Jaerchants-'. Association in making the
: event. notable in the history of the city.
■:'•"• :-".": . m •
BURNING OF THE BODIES
OF SPANISH SOLDIERS
Horrible Conditions in the Camp of
...... -the Santiago Prisoners Make
.••■• This Course Imperative.
.A .SANTIAGO DB CUBA, Aug. 16, 11:26
:.a.-.'m. — The Spanish steamer Isla de
/Luzon' sailed this morning for Spain,
haVingr on board 2136 Spanish soldiers.
The.' Isla de Panay will probably sail
to-morrow and she will be followed by
the t)e Satrusetegui. The Montevideo
arrived' this morning and will begin
loading at once.
The embarkation of the prisoners is
being pushed with great activity. This
Is rendered imperative by their horrible
condition. The mortality is so great
in the Spanish camp, where disease is
rampant, that no longer are the dead
buried. A funeral pile of ten or twelve
bodies is made, saturated with kero
sene and set fire to, cremating the
bodies in the open air.
Ladles* tallor-r. -<\e suits; latest designs; we
give credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter. r. 6 & 7.
LOST WITH ELEVEN OF THE CREW.
The Barkentine C. C. Funk That Left Here Last May In Command of Captain Harry Nissen
Has Been Wrecked on Flinders Island. The Captain, His Wife and Two Children
and Seven of the Crew Were Drowned.
PLAYS AND
PLAYHOUSES
"Lohengrin" Splendidly
Produced.
"TRILBY" PRETTILY REVIVED
'•WORK AND "WAGES" FILLS
THE GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
Mme. Tavary Charms Thousands
the Orpheum — "Faust" Again
Fills the Alcazai" — The
Chutes Bill.
"Trilby," as presented by the Frawley
company at the Columbia last night, af
fords a very delightful evening's enter
tainment, ft is not only well played, but
very prettily staged and makes a pleas
ing variety in connection with the plays
i that have "preceded It. Svengali, as por-
t rayedt rayed by Theodore Roberts. Is a clever
-if work, not so heavy and goblinish
as that of Lackaye, not so horrible In
make-up, but more on the creepy, snakish
order. In fact, more natural, if such an
unrVqj character can be said to be nat
ural. x .Mis* Karra Kenwyn In figure, pose
and charm of manner, is a pleasing
Trilby, her delineation of the part being
highly appreciated. Mr. Burke as Tufty,
Mr Bell as the Laird and Mr. lilckman
as Little Billle, were equally praise
worthy. Eleanor Carey, In the character
of Mrs Vinnard. did some excellent work,
and Ignacto Martlnettfs Zou Zou, the
tipsy French youave. was exceedingly
funny. Miss Eva Dennison. who made
her debut as Honorlne, one of the frisky
girls of me Latin <iuarter. fitted the part
nicely, being not only quite at home, but
graceful both as a dancer and in repose.
Misa Adora Andrews was also prepos
sessing In a similar part.
The pretty scenes were generously ana
deservedly encored and the revival should
be a success. One of the enjoyable feat
ures is the singing of "Ben Bolt" by El via
Seabrooke. The play goes for the week.
The Alcazar.
Lewis Morrison, supported by Florence
Roberts and the Alcazar Theater stock
company, appeared last evening in a re
vival of Goethe's "Faust" before an ap
preciative audience. Mr. Morrison's suc
cess in the role of the fiend has been for
years a model. His performance last
evening was quite up to the standard of
his achievements in the past. His studied
methods of speech and action, which mar
his interpretation of modern characters.
arP peculiarly adapted to the demands of
MeDhlsto. Miss Roberts was a sympathetic
Marguerite. During the scenes following
the killing of Valentine after his return
from the war she evinced considerable
force and power. As a whole the cast was
above the average. To-morrow night The
Master of Ceremonies."
The Tivoli.
"Lohengrin" sealed the stamp of public
approval upon the Tivoli's venture into
grand opera. The costuming was superb,
the scenery beautiful and the chorus one
of the best that has been heard in San I
Francisco in many a day. The principals
were almost without exception, all that
could be desired. Coupled with this was
ah overflowing bouse, which was more
than satisfied with the performance
Among the principals Miss Mary Unck
as Ortrud. the wife of Telramund. carried
off the honors. She is a capable actress
and this, with a rich, sweet voice, enabled
her to portray the part of the scheming
wife of Telramund delightfully. Miss
Anna LichU-r. who played the arduous
role of Elsa of Brabant, has a very sweet,
wen-balanced voice, but it Is hardY pow
erful enough for the dramat c role she as
sumed last night. This criticism also holds
true in the case of Rhys Thomas, who
played the part of Lohengrin.
Sl«. Maurice de Vries was particularly
• good aa Telramund, the unscrupulous no- i
, ble. In the scene with Ortrud. where
i they planned the undoing of Elsa by
1 making her suspicious of Lohengrin, he
was particularly strong. In fact, it was
I the best piece ot netlng and singing in ;
the opera, and he ;ind Mlhh Llnck richly j
deserved the recaTl they received.
As Henry I. King of Germany, Mr.
William Schuster Bang and acted well.
He looked the part to perfection. As
the Royal Herald. Mr. William H. West
deserves a word of praise. He sang the
part allotted to him with splendid enum
ciation.
"Lohengrin" will be presented again to
night with Slg. Kdg?irdi> Zernl ;is Lohen
grin. Big. Q. B. Wanrell us Henry I, Mr.
William Pruett as Telramund and Frl.
Marie Brandis as Elsa.
Olympia.
The new bill at the Olympia Music-hall
i is very attractive, and sufficed to please a
j big audience last night.
The Chutes.
Edwin R. Labi*;, the "Poetical Tramp,"
j made a great hit nt the Chutes Theater
yesterday afternoon and evening. He
talks and sings in a-w.iy that compares
favorably with Lew Docks t ad ter and his
efforts caused the audience to roar 801 l
and Dalton, German knockabout come
dians, were funny, and had mw Teutonic
witticisms to offer. El Nino Eddy a
boiindlng-wlre performer, created a sensa
! tion. An alligator from Turn pa. was an
Immense object of Interest In the Zoo, and
Sultana and her three baby lions received
their due share of attention.
Orpheum.
The Orpheum Theater has now on the
boards one of the best combinations of
variety artists ever presented in this city.
I Many of the performers are new here
and those who are not arc old favorites.
I Foremost among these Is Mme. Marie
THE SAST FRAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. AUGUST 16, 1898.
Tavary, the well-known soprano, whose
grand voice is appreciated by the musi
cally Inclined of this continent and Eu
rope. Last evening she. rendered, "Aye
Maria." by Bfascagnl, in a manner that
delighted the crowded house. The three
Hegelmanns were complimented by many
In the audience, saying that they were
the greatest aerial gymnasts ever seen in
San Francisco. Bonnie and James
Thornton In their respective features
were well received, as were the three
Macarte sisters. In fact, the entire com
pany Is well worth seeing.
Moposco's.
The Grand Opera-house was crowded
last night, the attraction being the melo
drama, "Work and Wages, " a story of
love, labor and capital. There are a
number of thrilling incidents, including
a strike, a riot, an explosion, a murder
and a realistic trial scene, followed by
the suicide of the murderer in the dock.
Tom Wentworth. the hero, was ably por
trayed by Max yon Mltzel and Lord Ar
lingford, his friend, was in the capable
hands of H. Percy Melden. Landers
Stevens was as usual the villain and was
Quite at home. Fred J. Butler gave an
other evidence of his versatility in the
character of Victor Langlois, an old man,
thirsting for revenge on the man who be
trayed his only daughter. Bert Morri
son, in the dual role of Adolphus Addle,
a dude, and the counsel for the defense
In the trial scene, made quite a hit. Mau
rice Stewart and Marion Hockey did the
comedy parts well.
ATTORNEY CRESWELL
HAS RESIGNED
JAMES L. GAI/LAGHER AP
POINTED TO VACANCY.
The Ketiring Attorney Will Practice
With the Garbcrs as Garber,
Cresweil & Garber.
1 At the meeting of the Board of Super
visors yesterday afternoon City and
County Attorney Harry T. Creswell ten
! dered his resignation, to take effect on
Tuesday, August 23, with the rt^m-st that
a Successor be appointed Immediately.
} The resignation was accepted and Super
visor Britt nominated James L. Gallagher
1 to till the vacancy. Supervisor Smith slat
ed that he desired to see a Republican In
the office and named Thomas J. Lennon.
Mr. Britt urged the election of Gallagher,
stating that as he had been in the office
with Mr. Creswell for a number of years
it was sufficient proof of his competency.
He further deemed it a fining tribute to
the retiring officer to appoint a man
whom he had always regarded as compe
tent and fcilthful In the performance of
his duties. The vote was taken and stood
i) to 3 in favor of Gallagher, who was ac
cordingly declared elected, and a vote of
thanks was tendered Mr. Creswell for the
manner In which he had performed the
i duties of his office.
Mr. Creswell intends going into partner
; ship With ex-Judge John R. Garber and
1 his son, John B. Garber. under the firm
I name of Garber. CresweU & Garber.
BEGISTBATION IS LIGHT.
The Total Figures Are Ten Thousand
Less Than Those of the Last
Presidential Election.
Although there was quite a rush at the
precinct stations yesterday, the sum total
of registration has been remarkably light.
There has been a general and unac
countable laxity manifested throughout
the city which has driven politicians
frantic. Warnings have been sent out
from time to time, but they were wasted.
j and when the books are finally made out
it will be seen that thousands have will
ingly forfeited their votes. Two years ago
there were 73,000 on the rolls, but this
year's list will be at least 10,000 short of
that figure. Registration has been heavi
est in the heart of the Mission, and it is
also observable that in the districts where
the heaviest registration was expected
there is the greatest falling off.
Registrar liiggy is at a loss to account
for this, but attributes it chiefly to lack
of interest in the campaign generally.
People have been so busy talking war and
laying plans for the demolition of the
army and navy of Spain that they have
i forgotten all about the election.
The work of purging the roll will be be-
K un as soon as possible, and Mr. l?iggy
promises a dean register. "The best
' experts in my office will be put to work
on it " he Bays> "and the people may be
assured of a dean list. The report that I
am in possession of evidence showing that
colonization h^ taken place in some dis
tricts is untrue; but if any evidences
i nolnting toward colonization are discov-
I ered a rigid investigation will be made."
ALLEGED CONFERENCE
HELD IN SANTIAGO
Garcia Said to Have Been Pres
ent and Agreed to Disband
His Army.
Copyrighted, 1898, by the Associated Press.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Aug. 15.— A
secret meeting was held to-night at
the palace between the commanding
officers of the American army and the
Cuban leaders. The strictest secrecy
was maintained, but it can be said
with good authority that general Gar
cia was present. The meeting lasted
!,' hour and a half. The information
obtained is to the effect that the Cv
i ban situation was thoroughly reviewed.
I and 'it was resolved to disband the
Cuban army and the United States
should pay the men off. This involves
the expenditure of $15,000,000, but it is
most important to the prosperity of the
island of which the wealth is almost
entirely agricultural, nobody daring to
cultivate his lands while the insurgent
ban<:s are in the fields raiding and
burning.
The Herald's Washington corre
spondent says: The report of the se
cret conference in Santiago and the
decision to disband the insurgent army
| is not credited here.
WRECKED ON
A ROCKY SHORE
Barkentine Funk Lost at
Flinders Island.
ELEVEN PERSCNS DROWNED
CAPTAIN NISSEN AND FAMILY
AMONG THEM.
The Entire <Jrew Hailed From San
Francisco and All of Them.
Well Known— The Funk
Was Owned Here.
Harry Nissen, Captain.
Mrs. Harry Nissen.
Two children of Captain Nissen.
J. Hansen, First Mate.
Leonard Stumph, Second Mate.
W. J. Snock, Cook.
L. Swagerman, Seaman.
A. Krog, Seaman.
Fred Plaikuter, Seaman.
Charles Olsen, Seaman.
A. Than, Seaman.
P. Daley, Seaman.
The American barkentlne C. C. Funk
has been wrecked on Flinders Island, off
the coast of Tasmania, and of the above
people who were aboard, only two were
saved. Among the drowned was the cap
tain and his family.
The C. C. Funk left Tacoma on May 22
with a cargo of lumber for Melbourne,
Australia, and this was Captain Nlsßen's
first voyage In her. He was formerly
master of the Mary Winkelman and trad
ed in her between here and Honolulu. He
left the Winkelman after purchasing the
old bark Rosalie, and ran that vessel In
the inter-Island trade until the Hawaiian
Government condemned her. Captain Nis
sen then brought hip family to San Fran
cisco. He learned that Captain Charles
ton wanted to sell his share of the C. C.
Funk In order to go to the Klondike, so.
as the commanu of the harkentine went
with the sale, Nlssen made the purchase
through W. F. Schultze of South San
Francisco.
The C. C. Funk was the prettiest and
best-known barkentine owned on the Pa-
cific Coast. Nevertheless she was never
a financial success. She was built in 1882
and Captain Glasser was her ilrst com
mander. He remained by her until the
day of his death, and then Captain
Charleston was appointed master. A case
is now pending against her in the courts
at Honolulu. Soon after leaving that port
she was dismasted in a gale and was
towed tv safety by one of the Wilder line
of steamers. When being taken to an
anchorage the hawser parted and one of
the crew wan knocked down by the recoil
and crippled for life. He is now suing for
damages. The Funk was partially re
rigged at Honolulu and then came to San
Francisco, where she was fully repaired.
It was after this that she started on the
voyage that has ended so fatally.
Captain Nlssen was a native of Ger
many and 46 years old. He came to Cali
fornia over twenty-five years ago and for
twenty years has been in command of
San Francisco owned vessels. He has no
relatives living. His wife was 36, his son
Harry 9 and his daughter Rosalie 6 years
old. The l.ark Rosalie, which Captain
Nlssen commanded for so many years,
was named after his little daughter. Mrs.
Nlssen's only relative in this country is
her sister. Miss Stofer, who is now living
ut Tamalpais.
Of the crew given above all the men
may not have sailed from the Sound on
the vessel. They left here on her, but
some may have deserted at Tacoma, and
others may have been put in their places
at the last moment. It Is known that
the two mates and the cook sailed on
the vessel.
There is trouble on the Mall Company's
steamer City of Sydney. On the voyage
to Manila the crew was not properly fed,
and In consequence some of the men
nearly died of dysentery. Yestenlay
twenty-two of the firemen and nearly
all the deck hands quit work, and in con
sequence the vessel is nearly deserted.
The men say they were given rotten
meat to eat and bad water to drink, and
were expected to do a full day's work
on it. All of them assert that they will
never work on the Sydney again.
The schooner Occidental arrived yes
terday from Eureka after a remarkably
fast run of thirty hours. This is steam
boat time.
Large Is Insane.
J. R. Large, who resided at 460 Bryant
street, was committed to the asylum for
the insane at Agnews yesterday. Large
was an usher in the Central Methodist
Church for many months and he annoyed
many of the congregation by writing
them voluminous letters on "scientific"
and other topics. A bale of these letters
was introduced In evidence against the
unfortunate man. They contained all va
rieties of jargon, which the writer termed
"scientific and literary" essays.
Dispute Over a Lot.
Rafnela Hohenscrlld has sued Edward
Peabody and Alfred S. Barney, executors
of the will of Jonathan U. Stevenson, to
quiet title to a lot on Vallejo street, 183
feet easterly from Taylor street.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush, Larkln eta. ; swimming:. Russian, hot and
cold tub baths; salt water direct from ocean..
SUPERVISORS
DO NOT UPHOLD
THE MAYOR
Stand for the Original
Lighting Contract.
ROTTANZI DECLARES HIMSELF
HIS SEAT IN THE BOARD IS
CHALLENGED.
The Juggled Contract for Repairing
and Repaying Bituminized
Streets Rushed Through
by the Ring.
The Board of Supervisors pushed
through the juggled contract for repair
ing and repaying bituminized streets, de
spite the kicks of the amall minority of
the board. It was the old story over
again, the useless objections of a few out
side the solid ring, the lame rejoinder of
some spokesman of the gang and the final
vote that consummated the act.
As a preliminary to the proceedings of
the afternoon the board wrestled with the
problem of city lighting. The board had
settled the matter once before by award
ing the contract .to the only gas and
electric light company which had been
allowed to do business in the city. The
Mayor had, however, vetoed the award,
on the ground that a chance should have
been given the Mutual Electric Company
to do the lighting, provided that the pro
moters backed up their proposition to do
the city lighting for $40,000 less per year
than the other company, and. moreover,
saved the citizens of San Francisco an
additional $100,000 annually on private
lighting bills. The Mayor said that the
new rival company offered a sufficient
guarantee.
There was a heated discussion. Seve
ral of the Supervisors fought for the priv
ilege of the floor. The Mayor insisted
that Dr. Kottanzi should be heard, and
when order was in a measure restored
the Supervisor, in a moat vigorous man
ner, said:
•'Mr. Mayor, there is one feature of your
veto of the lighting contract that, in my
humble opinion, is utterly ridiculous."
The Mayor looked startled, not knowing
what was coming next. "It was ridicu
lous, sir, to ask this board to defer an
award of the lighting contract until the
mandamus proceedings, now pending in
court, are settled. Perhaps your Honor
has had some experience with the courts
of justice. It will as likely as not be
three years before a decision is handed
down from the court of last resort. Do
you want San Francisco to wait three
years for light?"
The question of over-riding the Mayor's
veto ot the light contract came up in di
rect form. Dr. Clinton objected. He said
that it was the duty of the Supervisors
to make the best. possible bargain for the
city. There were some plain facts pre
sented. Two rival companies, each fully
responsible, were willing to do the city
lighting. One wanted more than the
other. Why not save the difference and
give the contract to the lowest bidder?
As for Dr. Hottanzi, it was to be hoped
that he would stand up like an honest
man and vote to uphold the Mayor's
veto.
This was too much for Rottanzi. He
came to his feet with a bound. "Does
the Supervisor say honest? Honest, I
say? My past is honest: i have nothing
to conceal. My past has not the taint of
the demagogue. I have never had a hand
in jobs in this Board! Yet there has been
an attempt upon the part of a newspaper
in this city to coerce me into voting as
its editor wishes on the lighting question.
It threatens me if I do not follow its dlo
tation and vote against my convictions.
Now, I did not intend to come here at all
to-day to vote either way, as I hau im
portant private business that needed my
attention. But when I found out that
this newspaper, the Examiner, was try
ing to boss me, I ca,me to vote as I
pleased, which is against the dictation of
that sheet! It is thoroughly rotten to the
core. Who appointed it a dictator over
me, an honest man? The association of
the Examiner's name with my own is a
stench in my nostrils. Who is the manag
ing editor of the dirty sheet? I would
not care to compare him to myself. I am
a gentleman! If he tries in future to im
pugn my motives In any way he must
settle personally with me!"
"I still think you will stand up as an
honest ma«," said Clinton.
"That's rank demagogy!" replied
Rottanzi. "The Supervisor from the
Eleventh knows It, too, when he makes
such a remark. As for the Mayor. I wish
to remind his Honor that he signed a con
tract for the lighting of the public build
ings when I showed him how it could be
done one-half cheaper. I was surprised.
Now he comes and vetoes the .award of
the city lighting. There Is too much dic
tation. Again I wish to state that when
the Examiner tries any of its yellow tac
tics on me it makes a great mistake. I
will stand no more of it. Any further
attempt in that line will get the responsi
ble party into trouble."
"Do I understand you to threaten some
body's life?" asked the Mayor.
"I mean what I say!" retorted the
angry doctor. :
Dodge then took his turn. "I'm opposed
to the contract as awarded," he said.
"The job has been rushed through. It
doesn't require any perception to see that
the committee Juggled the proposals so
that no opposition bid could be made. "We
all understand the merits of this contro- ]
versy. We know what the past ten
dency of this board has been. I'm ready
to sustain the Mayor's veto and make an
end of it."
"If I was in favor of the erection of an
other set of poles," broke in Supervisor
Britt, "I would vote to sustain the
Mayor's veto. It is too late now to re
vise our work. The contract is awarded.
We cannot remedy any mistake that has
been made. Had there been no veto there
would have been no opposition either in
the newspapers or in this board. The
Mayor on the last. day discovered that
somebody had been unjustly treated.
Now we are giving out the contract at a
loss price than former boards. We are
not, therefore, as bad as them. The
proper time for a kick was when the sub
ject was up before the Supervisors."
The question of permitting the Mutual
Electric Company to erect poles came to
the front and was defeated by an 8 to 4
vote. ■ '■'.' '•'■'•"
The vote on the Mayor's veto was called
and only three of the Supervisors sus
tained the chief executive.
When the vote overriding the Mayor
was announced the reply of his Honor
was quick. "I challenge the right of Dr.
Rottanzi to sit or vote in this board," he
said, "as he holds two public offices of
profit and is therefore ineligible."
Having disposed of several minor mat
ters, the board settled down to the con
sideration of bids for repairing and re
paying bituminized streets.
"We will not have to repave all of those
streets mentioned in the specifications,"
said Supervisor Smith. "We had better
go slow and not award the contract under
the present arrangements. I favor re
advertlslng for bids and giving an exact
schedule of streets to be repaved. We
can cut the number down very much. If
we have any money to spend it can better
be applied in getting rid of the old cobble
stones than in tearing up pavements that
are comparatively good and that will last
for years."
Lackmann sided with Smith, and said:
"Bingham as a bidder wants it under
stood that he doesn't consider it neces
sary to repave many of the streets men
tioned, and that he expects, if he gets the
contract, tc keep them in repair under his
$23,000 bid and ■ only to repave such as
really need it. He states that the total
cost to the city will be far . less than
$50,000. as claimed."
"We should reject all bids and readver
tlse," suggested Supervisor Lackmann.
"I found- the crossing at Stelner and
Haight to-be Intact. Was that not in
cluded under the specifications for re
paying?" asked the Mayor. , : « - : .
■ "I ; cannot recall. But the pavements
in many places are rolling and need re
placing. „ No extra , amount of money, will
be . needed for ; the work," replied Super
visor Devany, .
"Well, money will not be spent on those
Btrooto if we do not do the work. I know
tHat the croßflinß at California and Front
1b In perfect condition, yet it is mentioned
In the Bpeciflcutlons an In need of repair,"
said Supervisor Lackmann.
The contract, on a vote, was awarded to
the City Street Improvement Company on
Its bid of $37,797 for repairs and repavlng,
the Committee on Streets to be the Judge
of the work necessary to be performed.
Mayor Phelan haa not stated what ac
tion he will take, but a veto Is regarded as
probable. In the discussion he did not
favor tne award under the specifications.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work of the
Board.
The following is a complete record of
the street improvements passed by the
Board of Supervisors at yesterday's ses
sion:
AWARDS OF CONTRACTS.
Bryant, Twenty-fifth to Twenty-sixth— Curb-
Ing and paving, to City Street Improvement
Company.
Dearborn place. Seventeenth to southerly ter
mination of Dearbon— Same to Union Paving
and Contracting Company.
Page, Baker to Lyon — Same to Fllnn and
Fourteenth. Church to Sanchez— Same to
Union Paving and Contracting Company.
RESOLUTION ORDERING STREET WORK.
Northerly and southerly portion of the cross
ing of Fifteenth Htreet and San Bruno avenue—
10-inch pipe newer.
Easterly and westerly portions of same—B
inch pipe sewer culverts, manholes, etc.
Fifteenth. San Bruno avenue to v ermont
street— B-inch pipe sewer.
Northerly, southerly and westerly portions of
the crossing of Fifteenth and Vermont— Same.
Easterly portion of same— lo-inch sewer, cul
verts, etc.
Northwesterly, southwesterly and southeast
erly corners of same— Culverts, granite curbs
and sidewalks.
Rhode Island. Alameda to Division— Pipe
sewer, etc. ,
North avenue, Cortland to Holly Park ave
nue—Pipe sewers, culverts ,etc.
North avenue and Ellert— Same.
Northerly line of Twenty-fifth, Guerrero to
Fair Oaks— Plank sidewalks.
Eighth avenue, J to X— Grading, curbing and
paving.
Fifteenth, Vermont to Kansas— Pipe sewer,
etc.
Northerly portion of the crossing of Fif
teenth and Kansas— Pipe sewers, etc.
Northwesterly, southwesterly and south
easterly portions of same crossing— Curbs, side
walks, culverts, etc.
Kansas. Alameda to Fifteenth— Pipe sewer.
RESOLUTIONS OF INTENTION.
Tenth avenue, L to M— Grading, curbing,
sidewalks and paving.
Twenty-first, Alabama to Bryant— Curbing
and paving.
Twenty-first, York street to Potrero avenue-
Same.
Leavenworth. Green to Union — Same.
Leavenworth, Filbert to Greenwich— Same.
Southerly line of Halght. Shrader to Stanyan.
commencing at the southwesterly corner of
Halght and Shrader, thence westerly along
southerly line of Haight for a distance of
82 6-12 feet— Curbing, paving, sewering, etc.
RESOLUTIONS OF FULL, ACCEPTANCE.
Stevenson, Twelfth to its westerly termina
tion—Bitumen.
Clayton, Page to Haight— Same.
PRIVATE CONTRACTS.
Fifteenth, Vermont to Kansas— Property
owners may construct sever.
Waller, Laguna to Buchanan— Property own
ers may pave.
Bryant. Rinron place to First street— Same.
Bryant, northeasterly line of Stanley place
to Rlncon place — Same.
REDUCING THE WIDTH OF SIDEWALKS.
Eighteenth, Douglas to Danvers— Ordered re
duced three feet and established at twelve feet.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME GRANTED.
Twenty-sixth and York— To Flinn & Treacy,
sixty days on grading.
Serpentine place, Temple street to Lower
Terrace— To Daniel O'Day. the came.
Eighteenth, I'ranu.s to Ashbury — Same.
Chenery. Miguel to Mateo— To Flinn &
Treacy. ninety days on sewering.
Chenery. Ruanuke to C astro— Same.
Serpentine place, Lower Terrace to Temple
street— To Fred Leffler, ninety dayo on sewer-
PETITIOX3 REFERRED TO STREET COM-
MITTEE.
J Seventh avenue to center line of Ninth
avenue— Property owners, for grading.
Clinton Park, Valencia to Guerrero— H. Dil
ling. for paving.
Leavenworth, Bay to Chestnut— Mary J.
Coupland, for withdrawal of prutest against
grading.
Francisco, Jones to Hyde — Same.
Lundys Lane, EsmeraJda avenue to its
northerly termination— Property owners, for
grading and sewering.
Berry place — Properly owners, for permission
to erect gates on the plea that it is private
and not public property.
Northerly line of J. center line of Eighth
avenue to a point one hundred and twenty feet
west of Ninth avenue— Proi«?rty owners, for re
grading and repavlng.
Waller, Laguna to Buchanan— Flinn and
Treaty, to pave by private contract.
Clement. Twenty-fifth to Twenty-sixth— D.
H. Carmichael, for construction of sewer.
Hyde, sixty feet northerly from Filbert— A. A.
Donzel, for artificial stone sidewalks.
Eighteenth, lXiuglass to Danvers — Property
owners, for reduction of sidewalks.
Sixteenth avenue, California to Lake — Prop
erty owners, for construction of sewer.
Sanchez, Liberty to Twentieth — California
Paving Company, for an extension of lsu days
on grading, sewering, etc.
Liberty and Sanchez — Same.
Serpentine place. Lower terrace to Temple i
street — Fred Leffler, for an extension of ninety
days on sewering.
Chenery and Maten— Flinn & Treacy, for
ninety days on sewering.
Chenery, Roanoke to Castro — Same.
Eighth avenue. Point Lobos avenue to A —
Fllnn & Treacy, for permission to construct
brick sewer.
Point Lobos avenue and A street — Same.
Vincent, Green to Union— Flinn & Treacy,
for permission to pave.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COM- '
.MITTEE.
Laussat avenue, Fillmore to Stelner — Prop- <
erty owners*, against constructlm of sewer.
Twenty-fifth. Shotwell to Folsom— Property |
owners, against granting permission to Union :
Paving and Contracting Company to pave.
Capitol avenue, Capital street to Ocean ave
nue — Property owners, against grading and
paving.
Treat avenue. Twenty-sixth to Army — Prop
erty owners, against grading.
REPORT OF STREET COMMITTEE ON
MATTERS SUBMITTED AT PREVIOUS
SESSION.
Serpentine place. Temple street to Lower ter
race — In favor of granting Daniel O'Day sixty
days on hie contract to grade.
Sixteenth avenue South and O street South —
Necessity of changing grade referred to City
Engineer.
257 to 299 Shipley— ln favor of raising side
walk to City Engineer.
Bosworth and Berkshire— ln favor of directing
City Engineer to prepare plans for tunnel at
a cost of 1410.
Southerly line of Seventeenth, Sanchez to Noe
— In favor of artificial stone sidewalk.
Laussat avenue. Fillmore to Steiner — In favor
of pipe, sewer.
Waller, Lacuna to Buchanan — In favor of
paving with basalt blocks.
Westerly line of Hyde— ln favor of granting
A. A. Donzel permission to construct artificial
stone sidewalks.
Monroe and Bush— ln favor of artificial stone
sidewalks.
Clement. Twenty-fifth to Twenty-sixth— ln fa
vor of construction of sewer.
Ninth avenue, I to J — Against construction of
sewer.
Eighteenth, Douglass to Danvers — In favor of
contemplated reduction of sidewalks from fif
teen to twelve feet.
Hrynnt. northeasterly line of Stanley place to
Rlncon place— ln favor of paving and grading.
Fifteenth, Vermont to Kansas — In favor of
pipe sewer.
Bryant, Rlncon place to First avenue— ln fa
vor of paving and grading.
Joost avenue, Acadia street tn Pan Jose ave
nue—ln favor of construction of sewer.
Other petitions and protests recommended
placed on file.
A THOUSAND NEW NAMES.
OAKLAND, Aug. is.— it was estimated
that when the Great Register of Alameda
County was closed at midnight the ap
proximate number of names enrolled was
an Increase over the last enrollment of
1000. allowing for 4500 cancellations. The
transfers from one precinct to another
are estimated by County Clerk Jordan at
7000 to 8000, which was equivalent to reg
istering 20,000 names.
In addition to the work the County
Clerk has placed a supplementary regis
ter at each polling-place for the accom
modation of voters at county primaries.
He is now engaged on a similar one to
be used at the Congressional primaries.
The only assistance asked of the party
managers is that they furnish type
writers to transcribe affidavits of regis
tration.
Two registrations prior to Clerk Jor
dan's term cost this county about $17,000
in addition to the regular salary allow-
Lost His Life Saving Others.
A country boy visiting New York stopped a
frantic runaway team that was about to dash
on the sidewnlk where there were hundreds of
women and children. He saved their lives, but
lost his own. Hundreds of lives are saved every
year by Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. People
who are fast going to their graves with disor
ders of stomach, liver, bowels and blood are
brought back to good health by it. All the
sick should try it.
p^v*JD^VMtntwBB^^fciMwtWl^c^^^^&i5i^ySiS^i2*2^3l
ance. Mr. Jordan has attended to the
two registrations— one absolutely new of
37,000 names, and this one Is equal to an
other new register of 20,000 names—with
out a dollar of assistance from the coun
ty. Out of his $16,000 yearly salary the
Clerk must pay all his deputies.
Relief has been denied by the Board of
Supervisors, under advice of District At
torney Snook, on the ground that the act
passed by the last Legislature granting
such relief was vetoed by Governor Budd.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J|§||kAill £110
MsF^sk HI
SIGK" HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
, lattle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. ' J
Small Pill. Small Dose*
Small Price.
Fresh ! %£*
from our San Francisca
roasting - machines — Schil-
lings Best tea.
Is fresh - roasting of tea
new ?
No newer than Schillings
West. ,6
AMUSEMENTS. •
InultUbbU GRANDS
Walter Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Main 532
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . 10c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
Week of August 15, 1898. Exceptional produo-
tlon of the great melodrama.
WORK AND WAGES
A Thrilling Story of Love, Labor and Capital.
New Scenery! Startling Effects!
SEE The Langford Steel Works.
Special Engagement of the Clever Comedian.
H G. HOCKEY, and the Dainty Soubrette,
I MARION HOCKEY.
| TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
: Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Manager.
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON!
: TO-NIGHT, at 7:50 o'clock, and every evening
I this week, elaborate production of Wagner
Celebrated Music-Drama,
"LOHENGRIN."
Splendid Enlarged chorus— Augmented
Orchestra of 30.
Grand Saturday Matinee at 1:30 p. m., "LO-
HENGRIN."
Next Week. "LA GIOCONDA."
Popular prices, 2oc and 50c. N. B. — A re-
served seat for the Matinee, 23c. Telephone,
Bush 9. '
PRONOUNCED SUCCESS OF
MME. TAVARY. World-Famous Prima Donna.
The Hegelmanns, Europe's Greatest Aerial-
ists: Bonnie Thornton, the Dresden Doll; Grant
& Norton, refined comedy sketch: Mcßride &
Goodrich, clop dances and songs: Lillian Burk-
hart and company, in a new sketch, "A Pass-
ing Fancy": James Thornton, new songs and
satire: O'Brien & Buckley, musical comiques;
the Macarte Sisters, thrilling wire act.
Reserved seats, 25c: balcony, 10c; opera
chairs and box seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturady and Sunday.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK. 1
Great Revival— Originals in Cast.
The FRAWLEY COMPANY,
Augmented and presenting the famous
"TRILBY."
THE DRAMATIZATION OF DU MAURIER'S
NOVEL.
BALDWIN THEATER reopens NEXT MON-
DAY—HENRY MILLER in "HEARTSEASE."
AT.CAZAR THEATER.
LAST WEEK BUT ONE.
leu/is MORRISON.
To-Nlght-" FAUST."
to nlght ow MASTER OF CEREMONIES
1 klm^v FREDERICK THE GREAT
Saturday Matinee and Saturday and Sunday
Nights. "YORICK'S LOVE."
CENTRAL PARK
Market and Eighth Streets.
LARY'S BIG SPECTACULAR DISPLAY, *
THE-!
BATTLE
OF"
MANILA
E3E2Z21 0 PE N ■HBHH
SATURDAY, AUG. 20, at 8:30 p. in. '> x
A $40,000 PRODUCTION.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING. 1
GREAT BILL
IN THE FREE : THEATER.
EDWIN R. LANG, the "Poetical Tramp":
DOUGLASS AND FORD, DICK MACK. EL
Nil >< » EDDY, MASON AND REED, and BELL
AND DALTON.
AN ALLIGATOR IS IN THE ZOO!
10c, including Zoo and Theater; Children, 6c
Af VMDI 1 Eddy, . cor. Mason— Greatest Free
UL I IUIIA .show in America. ROYAL TOKIO
ACROBATIC WONDERS, Japan's most Skilled
Balancers, Jugglers and Acrobats: DARRELL
& MILLER. ROCKWELL, ROYCE SISTERS
an", others. Admission free. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS^
Open Dally from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION lOc - - - - CHILDREN So
i... . :'ing, with admission. IS©: children. «Ocl
NATIVE DAUGHTERS* RED CROSS AID.
ENTERTAINMENT IN HONOR OF SIXTH
CALIFORNIA, U. S. V.
Music, Literary Exercises, Dancing, TUES-
DAY, 8 p. m., Aug. 16. NATIVE SONS' HALL.;
Mason street. Society of California Pioneer*
and . Exempt Firemen will attend. Admission,
25 cents.
78
TWINKLER, THE
SON OF BRUTUS
Wins a Fast-Run Race
at Saratoga.
SLOAN ON THREE WINNERS
CALIFORNIAN PROMPTO FIRST
AT ST. LOUIS.
■Hawthorne Park Races Bun Off in
the Mud Without Any Inter
ruption From the Cicero
Constabulary.
" Special Dispatch to The Call.
' • SARATOGA. N. T.. Aug. 15.-It was Tod
' Sloan's day with a vengeance, he having three
mounts and winning all. The California colt,
Twinkler. ran a very fast mile and a furlong
•race and Irish Reel did a mile In 1:40*. Man
•assas just won by a nose In the first event,
..Turtle Dove leading almost to the last stride.
• The track was very fast.
' First race, purse, seven furlongs:
. Name and Wt. Jockeys. I \i- %■ Str. Fin.
•Man&saas. 100.. T. Sloanl 0 2 0 0 Ins
Turtle Dove, 104.. Barrett! 1 12 111 2
■ Wordsworth, 100..Clawsoni 3 3 2 2 3
Manchester. lu3.... Lamia, 2 0 3 3 0
LB. 102 Powers! 0 0 0 0 0
■ Time. 1:26%. Won driving. Second and third
■ Sausallto odds— Even, 2 to 1 and 2% to 1.
• Track odds— Even, 11 to 6 and 16 to 5.
•Favorite.
• Second race, two-year-old flllles, five and a
half furlongs:
•Diminutive, 107 (T.Sloan) 1
■Anagram. 115 (Knapp) 2
Miss Smith, 100 (A. Barrett) 3
' Time, 1:08%. Won cleverly. Second and third
" "orderlette 115, Exception 107 and La Flarens
100 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 3 to 2. 4 to 1 and 2 to 1.
Track odds— 9 to 5, 4 to 1 and 2 to 1.
'. 'Favorite.
Third race, puree, one mile:
•L• L Name and Wt. Jockeys.; K. %■ V Str. Fin.
•Irish Reel, 105.. T. Sloan 112 2 1.
•Hurly Burly, ?s..Clawson| 2 2 1 In 2
Orimar. 110.... A. Barrett 4 4 4 4 3
Charentua, 10".... Powers ; 3 3 3_ 3 4
Time, 1:40%. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Sausalito odds— Even, even and 5 to L
Track odds— 9 to 10, 6 to 5 and 7 to 1.
• •.Equal favorites.
Fourth race, purse, mile and a furlong:
" Name and Wt. Jockeys. %: *. %. lm. Fin. j
•Twinkler, 91 Clawson 3 3 2 1 12
Bon [no 96 Blair 4 1 ins 2 2 5
Banished, 91 Dupee 2 2 3 3 3
Marslan, 98 Makln 14 4 4 4
Time, 1:54%. Won handily. Second and third
drivinß.
Sausaltto odds— 3 to 5. 6 to 1 and 2 to 1.
Track odds— 3 to 5, 4 to 1 and 8 to 1.
•Fay .rite.
Fifth race, full course, steeplechase:
•Equerry 139 (Wynne) 1
•Hurry Cp, VA (Bracken) 2
- Sir Play. L3B iLY>ehi-an> 3
Tim*-. 5:08. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Iflnian 136 also ran.
i^tusalito odds — 7 to 5. 4 to 1 and 7 to 5.
Track od.ls— « to B, 4 to 1 and 8 to 5.
•Eiiual favorites. _
. ELIDAD AT 40 TO" 1.
.The Long Shot Leads All the Way at
Hawthorne.
CHICAGO, Aug. 15. — The Hawthorne track
v.\i* .:-et in mud to-day, and two races werj
. dr< Inred off and a made-up race substituted in
ono instance. Elldad. a very long shot, led all
tec way In the third event and won off by six
.' length*. Dal3y F, the favorite, finishing out
..of the money. Caldwell did the starting and
there was no Interruption from constables.
• First race, purse, aevt-n furlongs :
Nam.> and Wi. Jockeys. | %. Vi- \- Str. Fin.
i
•Bannockburn, 115. Martin I 2 12121211
■ L cavalier, 98.. .Shepardl 1 2 2 2 2h
HosJ 112 Ellis! 0 0 0 0 3
Black Fonso. 103.... R05el 0 0 0 3 0
Bliss Rucker, 103.. W00d5! 3 3 3 0 0
Time, 1:32%. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Miss Fairmount 104, Sybaris 103 and Lonetta
104 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 2 to 5. 6 to 1 and 40 to 1.
• Track odds— 7 to 20, 5 to 1 and 40 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, two-year-olds, purse, five fur-
I
- and Weight. Jockeys. %. V Str. Fin.
: 'Jinks. 105 X. Turner 2 1 1 I>*
Boney Hoy. 105 Rose 12 2 2
. Doremne, 103 J. Reiff 0 0 0 3
i- piriot, lee Honen 3330
Tin.-, l:i '4 ■■■... Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
First Tenor 103, Major Eskridge 108, Sevens
110, Buardman 103 and Approval 10S also ran.
Bausalito odds— S to 5, "> to 1 and 50 to 1.
Track odds— 2 to 5, 6 to 1 and 75 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, purse, mile and a sixteenth:
Name and Wt. Jockpys. %. Vi- %• Str. Fin.
Elidad, 110 Jenkins 1 1 1 1116
Mr. Ilaston, 107 Rose 0 0 0 3 2
Friar John, 110.. . .Thorpe 2 2 0 0 3
H-r Favur. 105 Kutter 3 3 2 210
■ 'Daisy F. 105.. N. Turner 0 0 3 0 0
Time. 1:57. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
. Sau»alito odds— 2o to 1. 20 to 1 and 2to 1.
Track odds— 4o to 1, 20 to 1 and oto 2.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, selling, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. I hi- \- Str. Fin.
•Con Repan. 105 Thorpe! 2 2 H4 ins
Del Paso 11. 105.... N. Turner: 0 0 3 2
C. H. Whelan, 102.. ..Jenkins 3 3 0 3
Vltrola. 100 J. Woodßi 11 11 2 o
Time, 1:20^4. Won driving. Second and third
. driving.
Chanihelle 100, Amanda 100 and Brother Fred
102 also ran.
Bausalito i.dds— 6 to 5, 2 to 1 and 8 to 1.
Track odds— 7 to 5, 5 to 2 and 10 to 1,
•Favorite.
Fifth race, selling, one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. | %. %. Str. Fin.
Fw .r.isman, 112. ..Turner 2 2 2 2 13
Wlnslnw. 111.... Williams 0 0 3 8 2
Cant Danoe, 111 Hart. 0 0 0 0 I
KlnK Bermuda, 103..R0nel 1 1 1 h 1 h 0
•I: Rowett, 112.. ..Rutter, 3 3 0 0 0
Time, 1:48%. Won easily. Second and thtrd
driving.
Jay Bird 101 and Sister Adele 107 also ran.
Bmmalito odds — 4 to 1, 3 to 1 and 10 to 1.
Track odds— 4 to 1. 8 to 1 and 10 to L
•Favorite.
PKOMPTO OF CALIFOBNIA.
Wins the First St. Louis Race at Very
Pleasing Odds.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 15.— Zurich and The Planet
•were the unpleasant surprises to the talent to
day :a the Fair Grounds, and Frompto, bred
in California, captured the first race at good
odds, ridden by Calif. jmtan Johnny McDonald.
The latter also put Belle of Memphis over the
finishing line a winner. Linda and Elkln were
left at the tost for the fifth race. The track
was fast.
First race, three-year-olds, sc-ven furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. Vi. H. %. Str. Fin.
Prompto, 107... McDonald 2 2 2 1111
Ennomla, 102 Lendrum 0 0 3 3 2
School Otlrl, 102.. Southard 8 3 0 0 3
Scrivener, 107 Gilmore IXIO 0
Myrtle, 102 Lines 0 0 0 * I 0
Time, 1:29%. Won easily. Second and third
Loughmask 107, »Moch 107, Muskadine 107,
Abergate 307, Ellis 104, Almante 104, Perspec
tive 104. Chiffon 102 and Kamels 102 also ran.
Sausallto odds — 5 to 1, 16 to 1 and 12 to 1.
Track odds— 6 to 1. 20 to 1 and 30 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, purse, sfx and a half furlonjrflt
Name and Weight. Jockeys. %. %. Str. Pin.
•Loving Cup, 100 Lines 1 2 2 11 1H
fount Fonso. 101. ..McDonald 0 0 0 2
Crarowlti. 104 T. Burns 2 1H 2 3
Lady Hamilton. lol..OUmore 0 3 3 0
Tommy Rutter. 101 Irvln 3 0 0 0^
Time, 1:11%. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Gage 84, Aquinas 101 and Alma Glyn 99 aUo
ran.
Sausallto odds— 6 to 5. 10 to 1 and 3 to 2.
Track odd 6 —6 to 5, 15 to 1 and 2 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, maiden .two-year-olds, half mile:
Nlune and Weight. Jockeys. | %. Str. Fin.
Zurich, 105 W. Dean| 0 0 11
•George Dunett, 108 T. Burns| 2 2 2
F. Smith, 105 Lines 0 0 3
Mi'.iswood, 10S Foucon 1 1 0
Sam Lazarus. IPS Harshberger 3 8 0
Time, :50. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Mad Anthony 10S. Tulare 108, Elmer S 108 and
Abano 105 also ran.
Sausalito odds— IS to 1, 2 to 1 and 10 to 1.
Track odds— 2o to 1. 11 to 5 and 50 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth rar<>, handicap, six furlongsj
Name and Weight. Jockeys. | %. \. Str. Fin.
m M . ._!__
B. of Memphis, 112.. McDonald! 11111 1
Watchmaker, 90 Llnesj 2 2 2 2
•Tlemaker. 107 T. Burns] 3 3 3 3
Time, 1:14%. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
The Chemist 120 and Miss Verne SO also ran.
Pauaallto odds— 3 to 1, 2 to 1 and 6 to 5.
Track odds— 4 to 1, 9 to 5 and 7 to 5.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, rllrBe.r llr8 e. mile and seventy yards:
Name and Wt. Jockeys.! %. %. %. Str. Fin.
•Chas. Christy, 97..8urn5l 1 1 1 I^4 1 2
Pinochle. 84 Hiram 8 2 2 2 2
Cecil, 92 C. Clay 4 4 4 4 3
B. Bramble. 102. McDonald 2 3 3 8 0
Time. 1:454. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Linda 97 and Elkln 95 left at the post.
Sausalito odds— 4 to 5, 12 to 1 and 00 to 1.
Track cdds— 4 to 5, 15 to 1 and 70 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, selling, mile and twenty yards:
Name and Wt. Juckeys. >*■ H- V Str. Fin.
The Planet, 104. .Southard 0 0 0 0 lh
•Maddalo, 104. .McDonald! 14 IV4 2 2 2
Fresco. I(i3 M. Dunn; 0 0 0 0 8
Foncllff. K4 BIobs! 3 2 11 lh 0
Tragedy. 105 Lines! 2 3 3 3 0
Time, 1:43)4. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Domsle 93 and Nemo 101 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 3o to 1, 6to 5 and 30 to 1.
Track odds — tO to 1. 3 to 2 and 40 to 1.
•Favorite.
AQUEDUCT'S OPENING.
Nose Finish Between Leando, Ten
neth and The Gardener.
XEW YORK, Aug. 15.— There was a good at
tendance nt the opening of Aqueduct to-day,
and the racing was fair. The third race fur
nished a sensation, as between Leando, Ten
neth and The Gardener, heads only separating
them. Summaries:
First race, five and a half furlongs, selling—
Chenille. % (Maher). 7 to 2 1 j
Collateral, 1"1 ( E. Jones). 15 to 1 and 6 to 1... 2 j
Lennep, 106 kE. James), 3 to 5 3
Time. 1:08.
Ten Spot, Woodranger. Debrlde. Vlgenta,
Poulptor, Come Quick and Methody also ran.
Second race. mile. selling-
Long Acre, X (Moody), 7 to 1 1 i
Maximo Gomez, '99 i Maher). even and 2 to 5.. 2 i
Charagrace, 69 (longer), 15 to 1 3 |
Time, 1:43 2-5.
Gun Metal, High Priest, Ruby Lips and Mer
lin also ran.
Third race, five furlongs —
Leando, 112 (Maher). even 1
Tenneth. 122 (Garrigan). S to 1 and 3 to 1 2
The Gardener, 114 (Sr^er). 4 to 1 3
Time. 1:01%.
Improvident. The IfMCOt, Dr. FitzsimmonP,
Wild Airs, Subject, Favonius and Kilorma also
Fourth race, one mile and forty yards, sell-
ing—
Her Own, 102 (O'Connor), 15 to 1 1
Ben Ronald, 108 (Slmms). 1 to 4 2
Lansdale. 103 (OLeary), 6 to 1 S
Time. 1:45 1-5.
Brighton also ran.
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling —
Tut Tut. 109 (Maher). 6 to 5 1
St. Clalr, 108 i Cunningham), 7 to 2 and 6 to 5.. 2
Tyrba, 95 (Moody), 20 to 1 3
Time, 1:01 4-5.
Mall Bbr, Country Dance. Gadfly, Crown, Sir
Florlan and Lady Scarlet aIBO ran.
Sixth race, one mile, selling —
Rossifer, UO <R. Jones). 6 to 1 1
Decide, !>9 'Miiher). 3 to 1 and even 2
Tarauto, 102 (Bergen), 4 to 1 3
Time, 1:43 2-5.
Red Spider, Master James, Eln, Commercial
Traveler. Grace Giltner, Wood Faun, Governor
Budd and James Monroe also ran.
Alice Farley's Fourth Win.
DETROIT. Aug. lo— Alice Farley won her
fourth consecutive race at Windsor to-day.
Weather clear; track fast.
First race, seven furlongs — Fauscuro won.
Lord Farondale second, Wenlock third. Time,
1:30.
Second race, four and a half furlongs— Miss
Trlx won. Ivy Cotta second, Fred Perkins
third. Time, :SCVi.
Third race, mile and a sixteenth — Alice Far
ley won, Mlsb Gueele second, What Next third.
Time, \A~,^.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs — King
Carnival won, Salvarse second, Ntada third.
Time. 1:09.
Fifth race, mile and a half — Royal Choice
won, Stboney second. Beau Ideal third. Time,
2:3SVI.
Sixth race, seven furlongs — Eggler won.
Guilder second, Vlctorlne third. Time, I:2S\.
Results at Anaconda.
ANACONDA. Mont., Aug. If,.— Flint race,
selling, five and a halt furlongs — Sallle Good
win won. Lady Ashl-ey second, Trappean third.
Time, 1:11.
Second race, selling, six furlongs— El Ml do
won, Croker second, Ocorona third. ' Time,
1:17%.
Third race, selling, seven furlongs— Pat Mor
rlssey won. Queen Nubia' second, Hermanlta
third. Time, 1:31»4.
Fourth race, selling, one mile and a six
teenth — Lorena II won. Master Mariner sec
ond. Barrlcan third. Time, 1:52%.
Fifth race, five furlongs— McKeever
won, Himera second. The Light third. Time.
I:'i4"-.. «
Sixth race, six Tammany Hall II
won. Open Doors second, Palfurnle third.
Time, 1:18%.
LOCAL OARSMEN ARE
ARRIVING AT ASTORIA
Advance Guard of San Franciscans
and Alamedans to Participate
in the Great Regatta.
ASTORIA, Or.. Aug. 15.— The San Fran
cisco oarsmen who are to row In the As
toria regatta on August 19. 20 and 21 ar
rived at Astoria to-day after a passage
of forty-six hours. The trip up was
with out incident. Comparatively calm
weather was encountered all the way,
and the rowers kept in shape by taking
daily spins around the decks three timeß
a day. None of the boys experienced
any seasickness, and are all in trim con
dition to commence Immediately work at
the oars, which they will do to-day.
The full complement of entries from
San Francisco in the regatta did not
make the trip by steamer but are ex
pected here in a few days by train. The
following skffTmen are here: Dr. Crell
C. Dennis. South End Boat Club, cham
pion of the coast; Alex Pape of the Dol
phin Club, and Coney Ochs of the
Pioneer Rowing Club. The other mem
bers of the rowing party are as follows:
William Thomas, coach of the South
End midget crew; Gey McGrlll, cox
swain; John D. Mahoney and "Doc"
Flynn of the latter club; J. Miller, train
er of the Alameda crew; Eddie Hanscn,
coxswain; AI Webb, afterwalst oar, and
William A. McGrill, special correspond
ent of Western Sports.
All the Astoria people turned oat to
meet the visiting oarsmen, and gave them
a great send-off when the steamer made
a landing. The following committee of
the Astoria regatta met the boys at the
boat and will while they are up here
look out for their welfare: President
W. Gosslyn, Secretary W. L. Robb, Har
ry Hamblet and F. M. Gunn. The row
ers will be quartered at the Murray Ho
tel, one of the finest In this section. Ar
rangements for the quartering of the rac
ing boats will be made to-day.
PACKERS WILL REBUILD.
Colonel Forsyth About to Leave
Santa Cruz for Fresno.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 16.— Colonel Wil
liam Forsyth starts for Fresno to-morrow
to make preparations for rebuilding his
raisin packing house, destroyed by fire
Saturday. He expects to have It com
pleted In time for next season's crop. At!
present he is undecided whether to make I
the structure of brick and iron or wood.
He says that the plant of the Phoenix
Raisin Company will also be rebuilt and
that the new packing houses will be fully
as complete aa the ones destroyed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 16, 1898.
FOR PROMOTION
OF COMMERCE
Illinois Business Men to
Confer.
WATCHING THE PEACE TREATY
WANT NEW FIELDS OPENED TO
OUR PRODUCTS.
Views of Governors of Every State
and Territory Will Also Be
Obtained and Sent to
the President.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Aug. 15.— Arrangements are
being- m£t«!o for a conference of the leading
manufacturers and business men of this
State for the purpose of securing an ex
pression of representative opinion on the
question as to what position this Govern
ment ought to take for the furtherance
and development of its trade and com
merce in the formulation of the treaty of
peace with Spain.
The conference will be held under the
auspices of the Illinois Manufacturers'
Association at the Union League Club in
this city August 25. at an informal dinner.
This Action was decided upon at a meeting
of the board of directors of the associa
tion to-day at the Grand Pacific Hotel.
Mayor Carter H. Harrison. Hon. George
R. Peck, Cyrus H. MoCurmick, John G.
I Glessner, A. C. Bartlett, J. W. Gates,
; Hon. John H. Wanamaker of Philadel
phia, Senator Davis of Minnesota and
Senator Fairbanks of Indiana have been
invited to be present and express their
views.
A couple of weeks ago the directors of
the association passed a resolution that It
was the sense of the association that the I
President of the United States instruct j
those having in charge for this country
the conclusion of the treaty of peace to
exact that the ports of all Spanish terri- i
tory in the Pacific Ocean be opened up on i
' the most liberal terms to products of
■ American industry. It developed after j
• the protocol was signed that the Presi
dent was canvassing public sentiment to
! ascertain the desires of the manufactur
; ers and business interests of the country
1 as to how the treaty of peace should be
i concluded, and It Is with the end In view
; that the President may know the feeling
in this section that such leading manu
facturers as \V. B. Conkey & Co., A. H.
Revell & Co., J. E. Tilt & Co., E. W.
Blatchford & Co., Graeme Stewart, P. B.
Palmer. W. J. Bryne of Armour & Co..
C. H. Matthiessen of the Glucose Sugar
Refining Company. R. Ortman of the
Griffin Wheel Company. J. \V. Gates and
W. P. Palmer of the Illinois Steel Com
pany, W. L. Noyes of the Aermotor Com
pany. W. B. Main of Charles P. Kellogg I
& Co., W. E. Ritchie of W. E. Ritchie A
Co.. and John Lambert of the American i
Steel and Wire Company, took hold of the
matter.
The secretary of the Illinois Manufac
turers' Association has been directed to
write to the Governor of each State in
the Union and obtain from him a state
ment as to the opinion In his State as to
what the Government should do in this
matter and also to ask each Governor if
his sentiment is for or against the reten
tion of the territory that has fallen into
our hands through the fortunes of war.
These letters will be read at the confer
ence. _^____________
BOSTON WINS TWICE
AND TIES THE REDS
Baltimore Swings Into Third Posi-
tion and Louisville Again
Passes Brooklyn.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE STANDING.
, Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..67 36 .650 Pittsburs? ...60 48 .510
Boston . 65 35 .650 Philadelphia 45 50 .474
Baltimore ...57 38 .600 Louisville ...39 62 .386
Cleveland ...59 40 .96 Brooklyn ....37 59 .385
New York. ..55 43 .561' Washington 34 63 .351
Chicago 55 46 .545; St. IxduU 29 72 .287
NEW YORK. Aug. 15.— But for stupid
base running by Van Haltren and Orady
and a slight error by Seymour, the Giants
would have won the game from the Or
phans to-day. The game was tied In the
seventh and was called In the tenth on ac
count of darkness. Score:
dubs— R- H. E.
New York 2 10 2
Chicago 2 8 4
Batteries— Seymour and Warner; Griffith and
Donohue. Umpires— Emslle and Hunt.
BOSTON, Aug. 15. — The Champions took
both games from Cleveland to-day, the
first by three home runs and the second
by good batting and the clean pitching
of Willis. Attendance 7500. Score:
Clubs— H. H. K.
Boston 4 10 0
Cleveland 3 B 1
Batteries — LewlH and Bergen; Powell and
O'Connor. Umpires— Snyder and Connolly.
Second game, score:
Clubs- K. H. E.
Boston 6 7 0
Cleveland 0 4 0
Batteries— Willis and Yeager; Jones and
Crlger. Umpires— Snyder and Connolly.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 15.— Altrock's
good work won the game for the Colonels
to-day. The Senators played a listless,
sleepy game. Attendance, 800. Score:
Clubs— B. H. E.
Washington 1 ♦
Louisville 3 7 0
Batteries— Dlnneen and Mhgulre; Altrock and
Klttredge. Umpires— Gaffney and Brown.
BALTIMORE, Aug. 15.— The Baltimores
played two errorless games to-day. Hast
ings was easy in the first. Hart was more
effective in the last game, but his sup
port was miserable. Attendance, 2925.
Clubs— X- H. E.
Baltimore 9 13 0
Plttsburg 3 1 1
Batteries— N ops and Clarke; Hastings and
Bowerman.
Second game, score:
Clubs- K. H. E.
Baltimore 6 W 0
Pittsburg 15 4
Batteries— Maul and Clarke; Hart and
Schrlver. Umpires— McDonald and O'Day.
NEW YORK, Aug. 15.— The Brooklyns
and Clnclnnatis brought their season ser
ies to a close to-day, the Reds whitewash
ing the home tram in the easiest fashion.
McKenna was very wild at times. Of
the fourteen games played Cincinnati won
eleven. Attendance, 1500. Score:
Clubs— K. H. E.
Brooklyn 0 6 3
Cincinnati 8 10 3
Batteries — McKenna and Grim: Hawley and
Peltz. Umpires — Lynch and Andrews.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 15.— St. Louis
defeated Philadelphia through good stick
work, aided by the poor fielding of the
home team. Fultz played short In place
of Monte Cross and made a number of
bungling plays which cost the Phillies the
game. .....endance, 2815. Score:
Club*- M. H. E.
St. Louis 7 14 2
Philadelphia  4 7 4
Batteries— Suflhoff and Sutfden; Orth and Mc-
Farland. Umpires — Swartwood and Warner.
DIED FROM THE HEAT.
Michael Mullarky of This City One
of Two Placer County Victims.
AUBURN, Aug. 15. — A man was found
dead on the roadside near Roseville mis
morning. His death is supposed to have
been caused by the heat. Papers showed
the stranger to be Michael Mullarky, a
brother of Edward Mullarky, from" 27~>Vs
Minna street, San Francisco. The Coro
ner also held an inquest on the body of a
Portuguese sectionhand at Newcastle,
whose death was also, no doubt, due to
the heat.
Mullarky was a laboring man. He left
here last Wednesday. His brother will go
to Auburn to-day. He received a dispatch
yesterday that the body had been buried,
owing to decomposition.
London Mayor's Visit Delayed.
LONDON, Aug. 15.— Lord Mayor of
London, the • Right Hon. : Horatio David
Davies, has postponed his projected Amer
ican tour Indefinitely on account of the
Illness of his wife.
f? ,_:-:: ',:r ;—; — - »♦ ■ — >- ■■■-'■'■■.
Hardtmuth"s "Koh-I-Noor" lead pencil
will outlast three others. Try It.^ .; L*. "_i
MAY HAVE BEEN
SLAIN FOR GOLD
Kansas Bank Cashier is
Missing.
HIS ACCOUNTS ARE CORRECT
LAST SEEN IN COMPANY WITH
THREE STRANGERS.
Had Just Received Five Hundred Dol
lars in Cash, and It Is Feared-
He Was Murdered for
the Money.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ARKANSAS CITY, Kans., Aug. 15.—
George A. Kimmell. cashier of the Farm
ers' State Bank of this city, is missing.
His case is most mysterious, and his
friends fear he has been murdered.
Mr. Kimmell left Arkansas City on July
29, taking $l«J,000 worth of township bonds
to the State Treasurer at Topeka. He
delivered the bonds and sent back to his
bank a draft covering the full amount of
r'>4- transaction. On the following day
Mr. Kimmell went to Kansas City and
registered at the Midland H.oteL Uuring j
the forenoon, it lias been learned, he tele- ;
phoned from the hotel to a Kansas City
bank in which he had money deposited I
asking it to send «500 to the hotel. The
money was sent to him as he had di
rected.
Detectives and bank officials who nave
been hunting for the missiriK cashier lor
over a week have learned that Kimball
left the Midland Hotel with three un
known men at 7 o'clock In the evening of
the day on which he received the money
from the bank, t>ut since that time abso
lutely nothing is known of his move-
An examination of the bank here proves
the cashier's books to be correct in every ,
detail His friends fear that he has been
foully dealt with.
Mr. Kimmell came to Arkansas Ut>
from Niles. Mich., in 1897. He Is 33 years
of age, 5 Cccl 9V4 Inches tall, weighs im
pounds is of dark complexion, with dark
brown hair and eyes, and his brown mus
tache was close cropped.
CLAUS CHEATS THE GALLOWS.
Was to Hang This Week for Murder
ing His Klondike Partners.
VANCOUVER. I?. C, Aug. IR-Cla.llß,
convicted of the murder of his Klondike
partners, Hendrickson and Burns, on the
Stickeen River several months ago. and
who was sentenced to hang this week.
committed BUiclde In jail at Departure
Bay Friday night by taking a large dose
of strychnine. This occurred shortly after
he had been informed by the Sheriff that
there was no hope for him.
On Friday afternoon Claus wife, who
visited him daily, brought him a meat pie
which contained poison. She then disap
peared and has not been seen Bince. Offi
cers are iryins to Investigate the matter
and are searching for Mrs. Claus. The
result of the postmortem will be made
known to-morrow. Claus killed his two
partners for money while on the way to
the Klondike and hid the bodies In ice on
the Stickeen- £
BROKE HIS NECK AT TIBURON.
Fate of Sam Hop Lee, a Vegetable
Peddler of This City.
TIBT'RON. Aug. 15.— A Chinese named
Sam Hop Lee was thrown from Thomas
McLean's express wapnn to-d:\y and
struck nn his head, the fall breaking Ma
neck and causing instant death. I.*"- lived
at 3RI Commercial street, San Francisco.
and was in the habit. of selling vegetables
several days every week in Belvedere, to
which place he always rode in McLean's
expreaa wagon. This morning the wagon
was filled with coils of barbed wire, forc
ing T.ee ti) stand, with tho result that be
lost his balance and fell while the waßon
was crossing the railway track. The
body was taken to the morgue in San Ra
fael.
STORMS IN CENTRAL STATES.
Hail as Large as Apples Keported
From Illinois.
ST. LOUIS Auk. 15.— Specials received
here Indicate th;it the aevere wind, rain
and hail storms which Visited Southeast
ern lowa and Western DUnota yesterday
and last nlsht caused considerable dam
ace Hail as large as apples is reported.
Corn is leveled and fruk and melon grow
ers have suff.-red considerable loss.
Horace Adi-.ick. 12 years ola, alea from
fright during a heavy electrical storm at
Maeomb, 111.
Presidential Appointments.
WASHINGTON, Auk. 15.— The President
to-day made the folowinjc appointments:
Alexander M.-inKarten of Ohio to be Unit
ed Staf-s Consul at Catlna. Italy. K. ( .
Nichols of Alaska, to be Register of the
Land Office at Nulato, Alaska.
American Cyclist's Victory.
PARIS. Auk. 15.— C. W. Miller, the
American cyclist, won the seventy-two
hour bicycle race here to-day, covering
1572 kilometers. Frederick, the Swiss cy
clist, was second, covering is?i> kilom»t-rs.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
FOR BOYS-LIMITED).
Large corps of teachers. Superior home ac-
commodations. Next term opens August 9.
IS9S ' '
IRA G. HOITT, Ph. P.. Principal.
MISS WEST'S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS,
2014 Van Ness aye.; opens August 15. Certi-
ficate admits to Vassar, Wellesley and Smith
colleges. Accredited. to the University of Cali-
fornia. Kindergarten in connection with the
school . Number, of house pupils limited.
THE HAMLIN SCHOOL
(Van Neus Seminary), 1849 Jackson St.. S. F.
Term opens August 4. Departments school
work from Kindergarten to College Prepara-
tory Course. Address MISS SARAH D. HAM-
LIN, MRS. EDNA SNELL POULSON. v ;■■* , .
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Select boarding and day school for young
ladies. 2:26 California st., San Francisco. Will
reopen August 1. Accredited to universities.
Seminary and full conservatory music. Pri-
mary department for children. Carriage will
call. REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M.
A— THE LYCEUM PREPARATORY SCHOOL
— This school prepares students for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges; Us grad-
uates are admitted without examination to
Stanford University and Cooper College on
recommendation . of the principal: references.
President ; Jordan or . any Stanford ; professor.
Phelan ■ building. <
Wrist's Mian Veptaole Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them for over - forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach. Pimples
and purify the blood. .
Grossman's Specific Mixture
With , this i. remedy persons , can cure - them-
selves without the . least ". exposure, change of
diet or change :In application to business. Tha
medicine contains 4 nothing of | the least injury
to the constitution. Ask your druggist for It.
Price. »i a bottle.
r ■ ■ . , t . -. ; ■ iT . ' • » i- • • - ......
ADVERTISEMENTS.
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
■ OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—of THE
North German Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. GERMANY. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1537, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
GlO and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS. %*'j.*\.
Loans on bonds and mortgages '.. $74,000 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 404,410 00
Cash in company's office 1,463 65
Cash in banks 116,413 55
Interest due and accrued on all stocks
and loans 4,400 07
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 874 67
Premiums in due course of collection. 194,379 10
Total assets ..1795.941 04
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $2,11133
Losses in process of adjustment or In
suspense 37.456 42
Losses resisted, including expenses 3,000 00
Gross premiums on fire risks running
one year or less, $392,791 77; reinsur-
ance SO per cent 196,395 88
Gross premiums on fire risks running
more than one year, $189,652 54; rein- -
surance pro rata 109.04545
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 2.42S 5S
All other demands against the com-
pany • 98,832 07
f _
V Total liabilities $449.302 78
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $439,588 98
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages 2,713 02
Received for Interest and dividends on
bonds, stocks, loans and from all
other sources 16,199 00
Received for remittance from home
office 10,000 00
Total income $468,601 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (in- ?
eluding $27,713 53 losses? of previous
years) $207,618 84
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 131.129 66
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 5,110 00
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 2,595 07
All other payments and expenditures. 13,340 85
Total expenditures $359,792 42
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $222.966 58
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $49,658,877 $665,715 81
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 41,833,075 568,740 70
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1897 44,113,656 552.444 31
ADOLPH LOEB. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me thin "Ist
day of March. 1898. MARK A. FOOTE,
Commissioner for California In Chicago.
WALTER~SPEYER,
225 Sansome Street, S.F.,
General Agent for the Pacific Coast.
ELECTRIC BELTS
■1 \" \ /\ A/■ — r >~
Are good things 't?hJ^~ z ' " properly
made, but some !■ /tT^,^ °' ™f, things
which at sold '/ I" "electric
belts" at high ' *' prices by un-
principled quacks are worthless. If you want
a good belt, one to last a reasonable length of
time and fill you with Electricity from the
soles' of your feet to the top of your head, you
MUST have "Dr. Plerce's." for It Is the BEST
and Is warranted to be exactly as represented.
TESTIMONIALS we have enough of to fill
this entire newspaper. Send 2c In stamps for
our Free Book No. 2. It gives price ■ list and
tells all about it. Be sure you BUY NO BELT
TILL YOU SEE DR. PIERCES . Address or
call on the
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.,
Opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
xtrßx trB Full Set of Teeth
Ntv\) Uf t^Bjfjt. extracting free $5 00 up
t^'^^JkCjS^' Gold Crowns 22k *$ 50 up
c$ s - - 3rJSUjCv f Fillings - - - 25 cts. up
* .I^-w&SeJ'v**^^ Open Evenings & Sundays
e^^Mm^^ VAN VROOM
>*^m\? Electro Dental Parlors
r <&& £rV Sixth and Market
" Dr. G W. Klelser, Prop.
"^^^k^ TIRFAMA * 8 the new discovery
■.•^>«^ VaLAinA that gives you Bleep,
and nodreama. DREAMA
(j^^ cures bad dreams, dys-
.^"V* I**1 *** I^^ pepela, horrible
dreams. S **^^T*>^^sJ :lream8 ' head "
night iUu- < V- ache
slons, nlsrhtmare. -jCM Jk^*^
Take at night. If not; «^^
cured money refunded. 260 >^f^
a box. DBEAMA CO. Sold by S^T
GRANT'S BALDWIN PHARMACY. X.
Lady. I gave a handful of Ripans Tabules to an old gentleman of'
Brooklyn, and he- said their effect upon him has bees
most remarkable.
Friend. What was the matter with him, anyway ?
L. He is a weigher, and works about the wharves and ware-
houses. He said that always after eating he would bo
troubled with gases, and there would be a sensation as
of a load on the pit of his stomach which made him
very uncomfortable.
P. Well, what good did the Ripans do him?
X* I don't know how they did it, but he says they were effect-
ive from the start, and he was surprised to see how
quickly one would give him relief. I think it is quito
remarkable, for he is a confirmed dyspeptic and h«
positively sneered when I gave him the Ripans. H*
didn't seem to think anything could reach his case.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OP THE
MAGDEBURG FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG, GERMANY, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1597, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per . blank furnished by the commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash $750,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $415,363 75
Loans on bonds and mortgages 1,155,675 31
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 2,242,546 73
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 150,000 00
Cash in company's office 23,136 32
Cash in banks 293,134 09
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 10,726 07
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 316,377 60
Due from other companies for re-
insurance 491,994 42
Total assets $5,098,954 29
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid "I
Losses in process of adjustment or 1
in suspense V $538,316 07
Losses resisted, including ex- I
penses J
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less; reinsurance
50 per cent 1,550,173 12
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year; rein-
surance pro rata 250,803 54
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 1,125 00
All other demands against the com-
pany 219,531 96
Total liabilities $2,559,943 69
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $3,560,675 38
Received for interest on bonds and '•
mortgages 46,261
Received -for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 96,668 88
Received for rents 20,368 77
Received from all other sources 31,347 14
Total income „.. $3,755,32139
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (in-
cluding $516,881 57, losses of pre-
vious years) $2,276,907 22
Dividends to stockholders 375,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 706,11144
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 235,128 46
Paid for State, national and local .
taxes 61,869 IS
All other payments and expendi-
tures 168,560 19
Total expenditures $3,523,576 44
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $2,276,907 22
X.MIL, F. MIETHKE, Vice-Presldent.
RUDOLF BERNDT. Secretary.
Subscribed anil sworn to. before me, this 24th
day of March, 1898.
HENRY N. DEIDERICH,
United States Consul at Magdeburg.
GUTTE & FRANK,
Managers Pacific Coast Department,
303 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
MADE ME A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURB
ALL. JVrrrouj lHseasea— Mem- ;
ory, Impotency, Sleeplessness, etc., caused
by Abase or other Excesses and Indis-
cretions, They quickly and surely
reiitore Loet Vitality in old or young, and
at a man for study, business or marriage.
6» Prevent Insanity and Consumption if
me. Their use shows immediate* improve-
ment and effects a CURE where all other fail In-
sist npon having the genuine Ajnz Tablets. They
have cured thousands and wiilcureyou. Weciveapca-
itive written guarantee to effect a cure Eft f*TC * a
each case or refund the money. Price VW V I Ci per
package; or six pkges (full treatment) for $2.50. By
mail in plain wrapper, npon receipt of price. Circular
*? A jAX REMEDY CO., * 9,S2sn£~9 ,S2$n£~
For Bale In San Francisco toy LelpniU A Col.
SM Butter. No-Percent** • Pharmacy, Mi MM.
OoddOOddOdoooooooo
Jw PALACE W S
%GRAND OTELS I
" BAH PItAHCIBCO, q
" Connected by a covered passageway. *r
0 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. J*
O All Under One Management O |
A NOTE THE PRICES: Q
T European Plan. .oo per day and upward A
0 American Plan.s3.OO per day and upward V
A Correspondence Solicited. Q
(? *OHS 0. KIBKPATEICK. lUosgcr. Q
000000000000000 o on
WONG WOO,
r 6^ CHINESE TEA AND HERB
fejp F SANITARIUM,
\p~-jL 761-66 CLAY ST., San Francisco, Cat
'^id&££&£*W&J All diseases cured exclusive
BMW"* 1 ]a»'iy by Chinese herbs, over 300t
/J^rf- -f ■*!Y» varieties being used. A-DVICS
FREE. Hour*, 9:10 to 11 a,, m., i to 3 and 7ta
1 p. m. -
i #??gV
li -patents! 1)
MARKET ST. Sf.^jr
ADVERTISEMENTS.
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
d States Branch.
TEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PRUSSIAN NATIONAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF STETTIN. PRUSSIA, ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to t no
Insurance Commissioner of the State or Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
per INSURANCE COMPANY
F STETTIN", PRUSSIA, ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1897, and for
year ending nn that day, as made to tha
iirance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
lia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
■ ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $800 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 660.65Z 50
Cash In company's office oj>J **
Cash in banks • • I* 687 98
Interest due and accrued on . all
stocks and loans •,;•■•,••• 6 - •";;}•> if x
Premiums in due course of collection 94,6,2 At
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks yb «
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 3.-TJ <»
Total assets « ?782,4« *3
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid jr., 977 00
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense • *?__ m
Losses resisted, including expenses.. Mb« W
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $326,603 37;
reinsurance 50 per cent.... 163.JQ4 89
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $321, OS;
reinsurance pro rata -.-•• 161. 630 Ca
Gross premiums on marine time
risks, reinsurance 50 per cent i.,397 77
All. other demands against the com-
an >' 34,237 la
Total liabilities 1413,817 57
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre •
premiums ■ *1.3.im M
Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums :•••:• 7,801 ,3
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 2.-I.OS. 50
Received for rents 50 50
Received from all other sources ZSi 50
Total Income •• $436,515 66
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses $216.0. °°
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 10,0t>4 24,
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 90,439 24
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 33,321
Paid for State, national and local
taxes . 12.042 61
All other payments and expenditures 51,832 24
Total expenditures $413,776 31
Losses incurred during the year $226,214 63
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks!
written during the year $43,400,435 $545,661 15
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. . 35.204.945 454.157 13
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1881 52. 124,012 648,007 45
Marine .
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $1,152,068 $11,199 90
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 1,183,997 11,597 12
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1897 67,650 3,307 77
~ THEODORE W. LETTON, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22d
day of January, 1898. SIMEON W. KING,
Commissioner for California in Chicago.
W. LOAIZA& COMPANY,
Managers,
216 6ANSO/VIE STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Telephone 1597.
J. A. PRINSEN, Special Agent.
Chartered 1818.
STATEMENT
' —OF THE ,•*
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— THE
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BOSTON, IN THE STATE OF MASSA-
VF chusetts, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1897, and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash $300,000 09
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company — $525,231
Amount of loans secured by pledge of
bonds, stocks and other marketable
. securities as collateral 15.000 00
Cash in company's office :. 2.222 S3
Cash in banks 37,471 56
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans.. 2,367 85
Premiums in due coarse of, collection 41,963 40
Total assets $6£4,262 13
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $9,456 53
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense 22,961
Gross premiuna on fire risks run-
ning one /ear or less, $150,762 31;
reinsurance 50 per cent 75,351 18
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $101,763 63;
reinsur»nce pro rata 46,010 15
Due an-> accrued for salaries, rent,
etc... • c 2.251 70
All otJer demands against the corn-
par/ ••••• 16.559 71
Total liabilities $172,650 33
INCOME.
?fet cash actually, received for flre
' premiums $167, 49
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 22,748 00
Total Income $190,170 49
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses (in-
cluding $25,35t 28, losses of previous
years) 1*5.957 49
Dividends to stockholders 13,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage •••• ••• 34.56148
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc — 20,500 75
Paid for State, national and local
taxes • 6,62132
All other payments and expenditures 12.541 97
Total expenditures $175,152 98
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $91,463 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $22,071,177 $236,609 60
Net amount of risks ex- •
pired during the year.. 23,631,597 258,932 64
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1897.... 22,522,311 252.525 94
FRANCIS PEABODY, President.
HENRY S. BEAN, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 28th
day of January, 1898.
GEO. M. AMERIGE, Notary Public
BAGGS & STOVEL,
General Agents for the Pacific Coast,
411 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. ________
MAKE PERFECT MEN
lIONO'r DESPAIR! DonotSuf-
MBHft fer Longer! The Joys and ambition!" of
m&3^^*£\ "fa can bo reßtored to you. Th» very
EsS _ _KsS w ornt cases of >>rtuu< IleWHty are
a "bHOlutelr DESPAIR ! Ho not Suf-
fer Long-er! The Joys and ambitions of
Ufa can bo restored to you. The very
worstcases of S'ervou* Debility ure
absolutely cured by FEKFECTO
«$& TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
talk "^jHHsomnia, falling memory and the waste
•KViSBKEr and drain of vital powers, incurred by
'T-AVi&XHp Indiscretions or excesses of early years.
- 5^ " Impart rigor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Giro jtcp±. bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of /.-^"iA young or old.
One 50c box renews rital energy. ____] boxes at
•2. 60 a complete guaranteed cure YSTTE7 or money re-
funded. Can be carried in Teat ■"•■»»' pocket. Sold
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
price by TUB PEKFKCTO CO., Caxton Bldj., Chicago, 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. San Fran, and Oakland.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMIANA BITTERS. TH3
•Treat Mexican remedy; rive* beaitk tod
•tniuttb to the Mxual organ**ENGLAND TO BAR
RUSSIAN ADVANCE
Drtermined to Assume a
Firm Attitude.
CHINA TO BE DISCIPLINED
LI HUNG CHANG'S DISMISSAL
WILL BE DEMANDED.
Foreign Office Has Under Considera
tion the Question of Seizing
Foits at the Mouth of
the Peiho.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
. 7^'NDoX. Auk. 15.— The Foreign Of
-.- -flee, it is reported here to-day, thoug-h
;'... : t.h<- report as jrei lacks confirmation,
. : , Intends to demand that the Chinese
' .^Government dismiss Prince Li Hung
■.Chang from power "ii the ground that
: h<> la responsible for the recent anti-
British attitude of the Tsung Li Ya-
Tho For«'ipn Office, it is also asserted,
has had under special consideration
■ the question of seizing the Taku forts,
'on the Gulf of Pechili, at the mouth
of the Peiho River, and the city of
Tientsin, the port of Peking, in the
t vent of China refusing to comply with
this demand, holding all until compli
ance is assured.
Meanwhile, the semi-official Journal
de St. Petersburg, in to-day's issue,
deprecates the tone of the British press,
and says:
:. "Russia does not contemplate further
acquisitions in the far East. Her only
object is to preserve the advantages
■red i.tly gained. The Russian Govern
ment dues not desire to injure the econ-
Interests of Great Britain any
v more than those of any other power."
WAR PREPARATIONS AT
THE ESQUIMALT STATION
Six Warships to Be Added to Great
Britain's North Pacific
Squadron.
Vancouver, Aug. 15.— Great Brit
. Bin is evidently not going: to be behind
; in the matter of '^reparations for
ible trouble with Russia In the
■ East. Some days aero it was reported
In The Call — and the report was net de
■ nied— that the Canadian Pacific Rail
steamships Tartar and Athenian
being held here for the purpose
.of carrying large bodies of troops to
■ 'rient. Now, according to an of
; : ■'. ficer on th^ flagship Imperieus", at
it in the harbor, six BritNh war
- will be added to the Ni rth Pa
cific squadron, and will be on the coast
: in a short time. The officer said this
...fact was very significant, in v.
.; Russia's hostile front in the East.
'-. • The addition of thes- I > the
: coast fleet is entirely unexpected. Word
.: was received, it is understood, just
prior to the Imperleuse s departure
..; from Esquimalt, and when it leaked
'.out. it caused no little excJt
arii< ing the Mien.
. : : Coming on the top of these very bus- ;
preparations is the report
■■ brought from Montreal by an ex-em- |
■ of the Canadian Pacific Railroad
i -Shops there, to th^ effect that double
..•staffs of men are working over time in
: '• ■•order to rush the work on a large num
■ ■!' ■■;■ of especially planned troop cars
undt-r construction. It is well
: known that in case of trouble in the
.East thousands of troops would be sent
'out to the cast over the Canadian Pa
cific Railroad, and Great Britain is evi
dently leaving: no loopholes in case of
emergency.
Th" tars on the Imperfeuse look for
ward to a clash with Russia with feel
. .ings of unmixed joy.
BATTLES AVERTED BY
NEWS OF PEACE ACTION
Americans and Spaniards Were Lined
Up for Fighting in Porto
Rico.
and the New York
Herald Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
• •i..n Bennett.
PONCE, Porto Rico, Aug. 16.—Notifi
cation of the signing of the protocol
:' reached Porto Rico just in time to pre
vent several battles which might have
. resulted in the driving of the Spaniards
. from the island. The forces of the
:Unrted States were advancing in sev
■ f:eral ptrong columns.
• ■ There was a slight skirmish yester
: :day on the road between Mayaguez and
.JLares. The Eleventh Infantry, of Gen
eral Schwan's brigade, fought with a
: column of Spaniards who had been in
/'^retreat. Colonel De Soto, the Spanish
: commander, and two of his officers were
captured.
.. . ' Another battle was narrowly averted
'. .at- Aibonito, General Wilson succeeded
in communicating with General Otsego,
•commander of the Spanish forces th<r».
•' ' Ix was arranged that neither side
-.should advance, and flags of truce flut
• itered from both the American and the
.-Spanish picket lines.
":'•• General Brooke eventually pursued
. the same plan at Guayama, which he
,'" hail Invested. Had if not been for the
•timely arrival of Lieutenant McLaugh
■ Un of the signal corps on Saturday,
:-."tnere would have been a battle at
•'.. Guay.ima, which would have given a
different turn to the war in Porto Rico.
.}fad the young signal officer arrived
■ ••therf* three minutes later shells from
' -field guns would have been screaming
across Cavitaa Valley. They would
. have been answered, too, for the in
?' .dlca-tions wf-re that the enemy was in
■..': strong force.
LONDON SWELTERING.
Number of Heat Prostrations in the
English Capital.
..\i -LONDON, Auk. 15.— Thia was the hot
.lest day London l;n h known for a long
.-.;.'thne.- Upward or 160 cases of heat pros
■ •'■tr'a'tinn bad been treated at the various
• . ' hflpjiitals before 2 o'clock In the afternoon.
■ A. number of policemen were overcome.
-^The -surgeons found that their prostration
■ ' was <lu<- to swelling of the legs ami feet,
caused by tho heat from th«> asphalt and
. ' -wood pavements or; which they stood.
GRAPE-NUTS.
■ PHILOSOPHY FOR CHICKS.
.. Crunching a chubby fist full of dry
. Orqpe-Nuts, the little chap announced:
.: "Mamma gives us Grape-Nuts when we
•want candy. She says they are better
• for us and we can play harder."
Fact.
■■;:.Leudlng grocers Bell Grape-Nuts.
IN THE FAR EAST.
Map of the Approaches to Peking, Showing the Strategic Advantages or the Proposed
Seizure of the Taku Forts and Tientsin by Great Britain.
PAID THE CLAIM
UNDER PROTEST
Hawaii Still Believes
Japan in Error.
YIELDED TO AMERICA'S WISH
THIS GOVERNMENT INSISTED
ON A SETTLEMENT.
Controversy Over the Prevention of
Coolie Immigration to the
Islands Brought to a.
Final Close.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HONOLULU. Aug. 2.— At the request of
the United States Government Hawaii
has compromised the Japanese claim by
th<- payment of $75,000. The President and
Cabinet felt this to be a very humiliating
return for annexation, but the polite but
Imperative suggestion of the American
Minister that this claim must be removed
from the road before Admiral Miller
could hoist the American flag, was re
garded by the Executive Council and the
Council of State as sufficient reason for
voting the amour* although they denied
the justice of the claim.
The meeting was held on Wednesday.
July 27. the day after the Doric's sailing
and was presided over by President Dole;
the Cabinet, ten Councilors out of the lif
i teen, and Minister F. ML Hatch, wire
present. The President called for the
reading of the resolution adopted by the
Executive Council, to the effect that in
view of the Hawaiian Government having
been requested by the United States Gov
ernment to dispose of the matters In con
troversy between Hawaii and the Govern
ment of Japan before the sovereignty of
this country is transferred to the United
States, and the Executive Council, deem
ing the matter one of great public emer
gency, requests the authority of the
Council of State for paying to Japan the
sum of $75,000 in full payment of that
country's claims, but without in any man
ner waiving tht- conviction of the Govern
ment that it was right in resisting the
claims of Japan according to the facts
and principles of the rase.
In discussing the resolution the Presi
dent said that while the payment of these
claims was very humiliating to his Gov
ernment, yet at the request of the United
i States, and to facilitate annexation, the
Council had decided to yield, without.
however, admitting that tho Government
was in the wrong. He invited Minister
Hatch to make a statement before the
correspondence with Minister Sewall was
read.
Mr. Hatch reported a conversation that
he had had with Secretary of State Day,
who expressed his regret at the circum
stances dictating a compromise, but there
were reasons of state for making It, and
the request was not meant in any way
to bear the construction that Hawaii was
in the wrong. It was very desirable on
the part of the United States that tne
controversy should be determined before
the transfer of sovereignty.
Minister of Foreign Affairs Cooper
sjioke in justification of th>: course of the.
Government. It was, indeed, humiliating
to him to compromise the matter, but,
under the circumstances, it was wiser for
th-- Government to yield. After all, the
settlement was a compromise at half the
amount claimed, and small In comparison
with the probable expense to the. country
"I" arbitration proceedings. The Minister
then read the following letter from Min
lat< r Bewail:
LEGATION OF THE UNITED STATES,
ronolum*. h. l, July 26, iws.
Honorable Henry E. Cooper, Minister of
F"rtip: : Affairs. Honolulu— Sir: I have
the honor to Inform you that I have re
ceived instructions from my Government
expressing anxiety to secure an immedi
ate solution nf the question at issue be
tween Hawaii and Japan whereby the
approaching transfer of Hawaiian terri
tory would )<•■ fried from any ultimate
questions* tending to embarrass it in its
dealings with a third power.
The instructions assume that to this end
and as the only means of accomplishing
it, your Government will close the inci
dent by tli>- payment to Japan of a rea
sonable Indemnity.
It is not to be understood that thiscourse
of action is urged by thf-Government of the
United States on any other grounds than
as a necessary preliminary to the formal
transfer of sovereignty which is now
awaited.
The instructions make it clear that
until this action is taken by Hawaii a
serious obstacle will exist tv the execu
tion of the instructions whl'h Rear Ad
miral Miller may bring to me ft t any
time. I do not need to point out to you
how unfortunate from every point of
view would be further delay i n effect
ing the consummation which both our
Governments so earnestly wish.
My instructions are imperative to do all
1 can to bring about as speedily as pos
sible this desired adjustment.
Under all the circumstane. r, and hav
ing regard to common interests, I ven
ture to express the hope that you will
lose no time in securing the compliance
of the Hawaiian executive with the views
of the Government at Washington.
I have the honor to b^ sir, your obadi
ent servant, HAROLD M. SEWALL.
Minister Cooper's reply, agreeing to the
Davment only because of the United
States' insistence, also was read
Other speakers followed In the same
strain as the previous speaker, and on
motion of P- C. Jones and Speaker Kau
lukou the money was ordered paid.
Councilor John Philips brought up the
ouestion of the British claimants for com
pensation for illegal imprisonment in 0895.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 10, 1898.
He obtained but small satisfaction. In
asmuch as Minister Cooper told him that
It was time enough to cross a bridge when
you come to it. and that there was no ne
cessity of acting on them ; the Attorney
General added, in his blandest manner,
that the British Government was able to
look after itself, and President Dole
joined in by saying that the only reason
for compromising the Japanese claims
was because the United States had re
quested their payment.
And now we are all moralizing in a
very subdued manner over the irony of
diplomacy which compels us to pay $75,000
for being right, simply to oblige our very
great and good friend who has kindly
agreed to relieve us of all future inter
national complications, but before doing
so gives us a gentle spanking for daring
to speak to a bigger boy and running the
risk of a beating.
It is all over, and Shimamura and
Hoshi have outwitted Dole and Cooper.
• The transports have all left us, but we
expect the St. Paul hourly. The City of
Puebla was in a rilthy condition, but has
been thoroughly cleansed. She takes on
board twenty-one cases of convalescent
measles which had much better been left
a few days longer at our quarantine
station. Nothing but praise can be ac
corded to the Rio and her officers and
men. They almost rivaled perfection In
every respect.
There has been an immense deal of local
comment, and deservedly so, In regard to
the other three transports of this expe
dition; but, taking everything into con
sideration, the men have behaved extra
ordinarily well under the circumstances.
It is undoubtedly true that they have In
vaded private premises and consumed
private property and have occasionally
been a trifle undisciplined. It is sauiy
true, also, that many of them were penni
less and sold their underclothing, shoes
and personal property for food which they
could not obtain on board ship: and It is
also very true that never before has Ha
waiian hospitality been so taxed or so
cheerfully given by hundreds of private
individuals, Hawaiians and foreigners as
well as Americans, as during the past
week or so; but some allowance must also
be made for the circumstances surround
ing Inexperienced control ■ and manage
ment and the honest record must be
made that no country could have Bent
into a little weakling land like Hawaii
10 000 or 15,000 men of all grades of char
acter and social position who could have
behaved better than have the United
States regulars and volunteers.
Nor could there have been found a finer
body of men physically. Analyze the pro
rata of death and sickness and remember
the crowded transports and changed con
dition of living and note how small that
proportion is. Why. in healthy Hawaii
our local death rate last month was at
the annual rate of 65 per 1000 (an unusual
ly large one), and yet out of nearly 15,000
troops the deaths can be counted almost
on the lingers of thetand^
ABOARD THE TRANSPORTS.
News of the Volunteers With the
Fourth Expedition.
ON BOARD THE UNITED STATES
TRANSPORT RIO DE JANEIRO.
Fourth Philippine Islands Expedition.
Honolulu Harbor, Aug. 2.— The Penn
sylvania and the R»o de Ja
neiro pulled out In the stream at 5
O'clock this afternoon. Both transports
will start for Manila between 2 and
3 o'clock to-morrow morning. On ac
count of the overcrowded condition of
the- Pennsylvania, seventy-five recruits
of the First California Volunteers were
transferred from the Pennsylvania to
the Rio de Janeiro. First Class Ser
geant Paulsen. Corporal E. J. Mulcahy
and First Class Private Brooks, Volun
teer Signal Corps, were transferred
from the Rio de Janeiro to the Penn
i sylvania. First Lieutenant George H.
I Tilly Volunteer Signal Corps, from
'< Helena Mont., was transferred from
I the Pennsylvania to the Rio de Janeiro.
i These transfers pertaining to the signal
corps were made necessary in order to
carry out the instructions of Major
General Otis who is desirous of hav
ing a proficient corps of signal men on
each transport, so that messages may
be sent from one boat to another.
The Peru and City of Puebla
will sail about Thursday or Friday.
Captain C. A. Devol, assistant quar
termaster, U. S. A., has been trans
ferred from the Rio de Janeiro to the
Peru, and will accompany Major Gen
eral Otis to Manila.
Captain C. C. Walcutt, assistant
quartermaster, U. S. V.. who sailed
from San Francisco on the Rio, has
been directed by the general command
ing the expedition to remain at Hono-
I lulu He will act as department quar
termaster at Honolulu. Major Demerit,
paymaster, U. S. V.. has been trans
ferred to the Rio from the Pennsyl-
General Otis, accompanied
Iby Captain Edward Murphy Jr., as
sistant adjutant general; Captain Amos
W Kimball, . assistant quartermaster
volunteers, and Lieutenants Sanders
and Bradbury, aids, made an official
call <»n Commander G. M. Book of
the Mohican this afternoon. A salute
I of eleven guns was fired when General
I Otis left the Mohican.
Murat Halstead, who came to Ho
nolulu with General Merritt and who
has been ill at the Queen's Hospital,
has recovered and will continue his trip
to Manila with Major General Otis on
1 the transport Peru.
A few of the South Dakota men have
suffered from the heat. Two of the
men fainted last night after returning
to the ship from shore leave.
L, H Messick of Honolulu yesterday
paid his respects to General Harrison
Gray Otis. The gentlemen were asso
ciated in the newspaper business years
US Captain Fuller, Company A, South
Dakota, is the youngest officer of his
rank in the service. He Is but 19.
Oswald H. J. Schlott, financial
manager of the California State Red
Crosg Society, is a passenger on the
transport Rio de Janeiro. Mr. Schlott is
the right man in the right place.
The Hawaiian band gave a concert
last night at Emma Square. During
the concert Miss Annie Kanohu sang
several native songs which were great
ly appreciated, especially by the large
number of officers and enlisted I men
who were present.
SIMPLE FETES
FOR VOLUNTEERS
Gentle Hawaiians Show
Hospitality.
GRIM WARFARE FORGOTTEN
GARLANDS OF FLOWERS FOR
UNCLE SAM'S BOYS.
How Those Who Went With the
Fourth Fleet Enjoyed Their
Brief Stay at the Is
land Capital.
Special Correspondence of Th« Call.
ABOARD THE RIO DE JANEIRO,
Honolulu Harbor, Aug. 2.— Our ship
swings idly at anchor, while the light |
of a rising moon glitters across the bay I
and casts black shadows from the other
ships. This afternoon we cast loose
from the shore and early to-morrow
morning the Pennsylvania and Rio
start on the long 5000 miles of tropical
ocean travel for the Philippines. It
seemed hard to realize in the midst of
the quiet beauty of this tropical night
that grim business is probably ahead
of us. The transports are full of the
sounds of laughter and song. The
! kindly spirit of this land of sunshine
j and flowers seems to have entered into
the men. During our brief stay here
all has been joyous and generous.
I There have been smiles and welcome
everywhere for officers and men alike.
While out with a party of men for
signal practice yesterday we stopped
in an open bit of ground, where the hill
upon which the utht-r party was sta
tioned was plainly visible. A crowd
of native boys and girls soon assembled
and they were followed by their elders. |
Soon a pail of ice water was brought.
Then came native fruits in profusion.
Then the women brought the circular
wreaths of flowers, and soon the men
were wreathed in flowers. All of it
waß done with such a lovely, simple
grace that it was irresistible. And
we of northern birth were taught a les
son in artless good nature and gener
osity.
From the drill we marched to the
banquet, where the ladles of Honolulu
had spread a flower crowned feast for
the men of the Rio. The palace
grounds, where the shaded tables were
laid, was filled with men whom eight
days of crowded transport life had
given a keen appreciation of fresh
fruits and the lighter articles of food,
for, although our men were well fed
on the transport, the menu is neces
sarily somewhat limited, when the
utensils consist of a meat ration pan,
tin cup and knife and fork. Here, in
the midst of palms and strange flower
ing trees, with the band playing and j
waited on by the ladies of Honolulu,
the men had a feast which must have
j touched the most prosaic with its
J beauty and novelty. The officers were
| nicely entertained at the Officers' Club
i on the palace grounds.
There is something in this island
paradise which robs men of all rest- (
lessness and makes the panoply of war i
seem absurd. If war consisted of
moonlight concerts by the band, ban
quets adorned with fruits and flowers
and the pleasing evolutions of march
ing, I grant that Hawaii is eminently
fitted for it.
Beautiful, kindly land! As I look at
these quiet cottages standing back from
the streets in their tropical gardens, I
can well understand why one of the
old residents regretted annexation. For j
it brings the cable, electric cars, north- i
I crn capital and energy, and the rest- |
less surge of commerce and greed. The j
kindly natives, with their simple ways j
and garlands, will learn sterner lessons, j
and the dolce far niente life must give
way to the practical. The officers and
men of these transports have been, in
deed, fortunate to have seen Hawaii be- i
fore it is spoiled. As it is, we carry j
naught but loveliest memories of our
halt at the midocean camp before we
again face the long stretch of ocean
travel and the great unknown of the
Philippines. BY AN OFFICER.
WELL-EQUIPPED VESSEL.
I South Dakotans Are Traveling in |
Comfort to Manila.
ON BOARD THE RIO DE JA
NEIRO, HONOLULU, July 31.— For
the first day or two out from San
Francisco a great deal of trouble was
experienced In furnishing sufficient and
properly cooked food to the 846 enlisted
men of the First South Dakota Infan
try, recruits for the Utah Light Artil
lery and detachment of the Signal
Corps. But through the untiring ef
forts of Lieutenant Murray, regimental
quartermaster of the First South Da
kota Infantry, who is acting commis
sary of the expedition, the trouble was
soon overcome. A regular army officer
on board, who holds a responsible po
sition on the staff of General Merritt,
said:
"I have never before seen soldiers
better fed on land or sea."
The steamer is not crowded. The
saloons, promenade decks and other
parts of the ship which are used for
pleasure on ordinary voyages are still
employed for the purpose for which
they were designed. During the duy
the men spend most of their time on
the hurricane deck and all meals are
served to them on that deck. The Rio
de Janeiro is probably better fitted out
so far as the comforts of the officers
and men are concerned than any of the
transports that have preceded her to
Manila.
The health of the command has been
exceptionably good.
On July 26 (900 miles out at sea)
Private Newell E. Jenks, Company L,
First South Dakota Infantry, from
Spearfish, South Dakota, died of pneu
monia. Jenks had the measles at Camp
Merritt and was discharged from the
general hospital the day previous to
the sailing of the Rio de Janeiro.
Jenks was buried with military honors
on July 27.
ROCHEFORT DECLARES FOR
AMERICAN EXPANSION
Frenchman Declares It Absurd for
This Nation to Give Up the
Philippines.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, Aug. 16.— Henry Rochefort
comes out this morning in favor of out
and-out retention of the Philippines by
the United States. He says:
"Afraid of being accused of having j
too ambitious views by reactionary Eu- <
rope, the United States are leaving the
Philippines to Spain as a sort of proof ,
of their conciliatory sentiments."
This vigorous pamphleteer character
izes this as absurd and declares that
if the Cubans are to be freed the Fili
pinos have "as many claims to free
dom." _
Sonoma Forest Fires.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 15.— The forwt
fires which have been rafcingr in this vi
cinity for the past few days still con
tinue. The damage already done is esti
mated at many thousand dollars.
LEE SPEAKS OF
CUBA'S FUTURE
Great Resources Will Be
Developed.
REFORMS TO BE ADOPTED
CIVIL RULE SOON TO DISPLACE
THE MILITARY.
Former Consul General in Consulta
tion with the President and
Secretary Alger Regard
ing the Island.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 15. — Major
General Fitzhugh Lee, in command of
the Seventh Army Corps at Jackson
ville, was in conference to-day with the
President and the War Department.
He came here on a special telegraphic
summons from Secretary Alger, and it
was with the latter that he conferred
for an hour with the President. It is
generally expected that General Lee
will head the military commission
which will adjust affairs in Cuba, and
also he has been strongly urged for the
Governorship of that island after the
functions of the commission cease. On
both of these points, however, General
Lee asserts he knows nothing. He ad
mitted, however, that he had been talk
ing over matters in Cuba generally.
Then he added:
"The first work vhieh will have to
be done In Cuba will be to make ar
rangements by which all the munici
pal machinery can be put into operation
in all the towns, and governmental ma
chinery throughout the island. There
will have to be mllltarv control, I sup
pose, until such time as the people in
terested can organize and put into ope
ration a government which should be
stable and strong enough to impartial
ly protect the interests of Spaniards,
Americans, Cubans and the people of
all other nationalities now on the is
land, or who may hereafter go there."
"Is there probability of Spanish in
terests suffering through the Cubans?"
"The Spanish property holders, mer
chants and all other classes of Span
iards naturally would unite with all the
rest of the conservative inhabitants for
the preservation of the interests of alia
the citizens, and I think they will help
the natives and the Americans to main
tain a strong, safe government. This
would be natural, for no class of peo
ple would be more interested than they
are in maintaining property and all
other rights. The most difficult prob
lem to solve is the first organization of
a preliminary form of government, as
later the island will be very rapidly
Americanized, and all such questions
will take care of themselves.
"As to the probability of the Cubans
attaining a stable government, I pre
sume that as soon as possible a procla
mation will be issued setting apart a
date for the holding of a general elec
tion for a chief executive of the island
and for a legislative body to which all
matters affecting the future of the isl
and will be referred. This executive
body probably will adopt a constitution
and make the proper laws to put into
operation the political form of govern
ment.
"As to the army of occupation which
will be necessary to maintain our posi
tion with respect to Cuba, 45.000 men
will be ample to garrison the whole isl
and. Of this number possibly 25,000
would be stationed in and about Hav
ana. Matanzas would be the next im
portant point for a garrison. Other
points should be regulated by the pos
sibilities of disorder that might take
place there, and the number of troops
at the various points will naturally be
governed by circumstances.
"Properly directed, Cuba will have a
great commercial future. Its unbound
ed and great resources will be very
rapidly developed by American push,
vigor and capital."
General Lee says he has no plans
beyond going back to Jacksonville to
resume command of the Seventh Army
Corps. He will leave for that point
Wednesday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
War/ /£§BtaeaKk^jm^B9R\ \B9
It charms with its flavor,
delights with its taste and
conquers with its purity
and high quality.
VAL.BLATZ BREWING CO*
MILWAUKEE. U.S.A.
. Louis Cohen & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 416418 Sacramento Street,.
San Francisco.
Q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S ««»**
gsSL Museum of Anatomy
|B \ ICSI UA2ESX ST. tot. 6th & 7th, C. F. OtL
flTB*B the Largest of Its kind In thsTTotli.
j-IJ| &\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
itfvCnf Hk Con.uHallon frw. TV rite for Book
H | of Marriage.
B « MAI HP FHtt-
B^^DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
o>?r3™wS'Si Five hundred reward for any ca»»
RSKa Efe'Jj we cannot cure. This secret remedy
SDR. HALL'S REiNVIGORATOR
Five hundred reward for any caa*
we cannot cure. This secret remedy
stops all losses In 24 hours, cure*
ifcpa PWSI Emission!. Impotency, Varlcocele,
RPTi f^i Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Fits. Stricture;,
UUil liiiil Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
3E3! K/Sf fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
jg&jSfSOTT^WiJ sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles, to, guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 865 Broadway. . Oakland. Cal. AIM
for sale at 1073% Market «t.. 8. F. All pri-
vate disease* Quickly cured. Send for free boo*.
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
X. SpeclM.listcur««Prlvate.NervouB,BloodondSkin
Diseases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases
and Weaknessesof Men, free. Over 20 years' experi-
ence. cured » t Home. Termsreasonable.
Hourn9toSdally:6::»toB::i"ev'gs. Sundays. 10 to 12.
Consulution aacredly private. Call, or address
Dp. P. JtOSCOE MfSIIiTY,
86% Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal.
Or INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agent*
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresronding TTtll Any of the For— -I ng Firms Please Mention "Tha CaU.'*
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
Artistic Furniture and firt Ware Importers,
117 SITTER STREET.
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
MENZO SPRING Proprietor. Send for meas-
iTlCNiU jrKINU ure blanks. V. 8. Commis-
sion, 9 Geary 6t., S. F.
ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
»-»»T¥7- c cruivni CD Bank. Office and Saloon i
FINK & SCIUNDLhK, Fittings. 1303 Market
Bt Telephone South 267.
~~ ~~ AUCTIONEERS.
t cstnrk nl ID £■ Cti W Montgomery St..
Auctions. KlLLlr oXU- San Francisco.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
Tsrilf crnnCWlVr; Shipping trade supplied.
WH- SCIIUtMMU, 639 Broadway street.
BELTING.
L. P. DEGEN, Manufactl L rer 1
L. I. UEULT», Lace Leather. l° s - tO / >rj%'
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 56-
BICYCLES.
'98 Model Cleveland Bicycles
Sell for $50. MS and $75. Crescents. !» M«'»
BOILER MAKERS. I
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs tod Ship Work.
Office and Works-113-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
GOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITH.
.Toeenh Fox. Supt. H. Blyth. Mtrr.
C. W. Smith. Ship Plumbing. Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty. 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
DENTIST.
DR. C W. RICHARDS, ik^rt^eW
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO, ss o ce n co ssts n tt s da^A a a vv i ce n n i j
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON.
407-409 Montgomery st.
Capital Represented over 114.000. 000 j
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IIC DAVEC * m Shipping Butcher*, 108
JAS- DUICJ & LU., Clay. Tel. Mam 1294.
— FLOUR.
V 1 TinY 1 Flour Mills. J. Martensteln * Co.
nAlll/riAL s.W. cor. Battery and Pacific at*.
pURS
in VnrAITD Furrier, all work guaranteed,
All- AULULH SH Kearny St., upstairs.
HARDWARE.
r>ALACE Hardware Co., lmporters S Dealers
* in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Mam 752.
HARNESS . AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkln St., S. F.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all
kinds of Harness and dealers in Buggisa.
Carts, etc If you want bargains call or wrlta
~ HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
/"»■ TIVIC Hunters' Equipments, - Fishing
Li U 110 Tackle. Athletic Goods, etc. Send
for catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE, 739 Market
Street "
STATEMENT
OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber A. D. 1897, and for the year ending on
that day as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections ClO and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
Dished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In %m m
casn ASSETS."
Real estate owned by company $305,850 40
Loans on bonds and mortgages . l,l<S,oOa Vi
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company . 522,410 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge of
bonds, stocks and other marketable „
securities as collateral 99.300 00
Cash in company's office 9.g» 04
Cash in banks.... . •• 54.800 02
Interest due and accrued on all .
stocks and loans •,••-.••
Interest due and accrued 03 bonds „„.,,„
and mortgages ............ *;•****
Premiums in due course of collection 122, 1&2 85
Ground rents, well secured.. ,'!<«-■>
Rents due and accrued 450 °-
Total assets $2,675.520 22
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $17,407 05
Losses in process of adjustment or „..,,.
Losses resist, including expenses.. 12.720 19
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,012,541 41.
reinsurance 50 per cent............... 506.2,0 70
Gross premiums on 'fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $520.059 S4;
reinsurance pro rata. - 420,916 57
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual fire Insurance policies. 567,666 .3
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become due IS - 3Z - 93
Total liabilities $1,633,213 59
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums -•■■•• .-.51,281,610 60
Received for interest on bonds and gj g-g 1Q
Received for' 'interest ' and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 4".!t6n *■>
Received for rents other' sourVes":::: 1'; J- S
Received from all other sources 10.071 *6
Total income $1,412.900 11
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding $122,102 96, losses of previous
...... rs) ' .'...? $69«). (0. 7a
Dividends'to stockholders::. ... ..:..: 40.000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or _ ,__
brokerage • : "ivii£'i: " 67 ' 5i)S "
1 ... ..I tor salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 108,300 00
Paid for State, national and local _
taxes 31.430 57
All other "payments and expenditures 152.553 10
Total expenditures .....$1,206,875 33
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year. ,$694,741 43
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
"{^tSaSWtt*^ $133,399,924 $1,642,827 43
NPlr^Surin|ftbe%?:N P 1 r^Surin| f tbe%?: 122.001.374 1.569.459 08
N ;-:,;:;;;:; U ? 1 ;%7:::::. ! : < :: 159,013.967 1,832,63125
~ THOS H. MONTGOMERY, President.
RICHP.MARIS. Secretary. /,:■.'•'
Subscribed and sworn to before mo this 27th
day of January. 1898. .
H. F. REARDEN, Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
General Agents,
407-409 MONTGOMERY STREET
SAN FRANCISCO.
Weekly Call;sl:sQDerY6ar
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley. Props.*
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS, US Butter 81*
San Francisco. Telephone Main 917.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture blankets, Casslmeres, Tweeds and!
Flannels, 536 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
Goods for sale at all leading dry goods stores.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital. $4,000,000.
■-- ;i BYZ & CO., Agent*. '
Ml California st.
4
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THF RFRVHARn Mattress Co.. 642 Mlsalo*
IDE OLKiIIIAHU st. Telephone Main 167 Vi
OPTICAL GOODS.
BERTELING OPTICAL COMPANY,
Scientific Opticians and Manufacturers 0$
Optical Goods, 14 and 16 Kearny street.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTP PULP AND PAPER CO..
II ILLMIIIL I 1 L 722 Montgomery Street*
« <
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANOand MUSIC STORE.
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 O'Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
PRINTING.
E- C- HUGHES* 511 Sansome street.
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
r.EAt ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery it.
SEWING MACHINES.
"nnifICCTIP" Pre-eminently tha m»ehln» for
UUIYI lIU family us* 1021 Market, m. 6th,,
SOAP.
GD I FTrV £ m 123 California street,
. K. LLLI CS vU,, room 37. Tel. Main 1661.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tel c % e% phIc PARTRiDGE ggSSft-
THE HICKS- JUDD CO-, SSgyjak t
TARTAR WORKS.
f>ALIFORT*IA TARTAR WORKS,
G. Do LATOUR. Manager.
Office 318 Front Street, San Francisco.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type Foundry, ■ueoemoni
to Hawks ft Shattuck. Taa Hoin* Induatn;
House. 608 Clay at. ___^
WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
HENRY B. SCHINDLER, manufacturer of
carriages, buggies, etc. repairing don* la
first-class style at fair prices tor good work.
128 Spear St.; tel. Main 295. ■■-. .-•-■;
WALLPAPER.
WALLPAPER— WhoIesaIe and retail: send tor
samples, stating about quality and color, to
JAS. DUFFY CO.. 928-930 Howard St.. S. F.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public Weigher*.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouse*.
General office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 191*.
WATCHES, ETC.
Tf ITWnV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LURllI) full 18 . . Wedding Rings, 43d st.
STATEMENT
— of THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
SVEA FIRE and LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF GOTHENBURG. SWEDEN. ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to tha
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner. !
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash $533,333 33
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company.. 757,426 8}
Loans on bonds and mortgages 2.362,264 73
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 2,351,226 31
Amount of loans secured by pledge of
bonds, stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral 932.452 63
Cash in banks 36,061 79
Interest due and accrued on all
Mocks and loans 65,621 26
Premiums in due course of collection 40,975 74
Rents' due and accrued 2,666 67
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 203,94146
Due from the company's agents 186,845 67
Total assets $6,939,483 OS
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of adjustment or
in suspense $104,000 00
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning one year or less, reinsurance
50 per cent: gross premiums on fire
risks running more than one year,
reinsurance pro rata 489,973 83
Liability under life department 4,465. 4 92
Cash dividends remaining unpaid 11,389 87
All other demands against the com-
pany 483,660 15
Total liabilities $5,544,098 76
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums $1,303,619 61
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 472.242 42
I Received from all other sources 705,288 44
Total Income $2,481.150 53
EXPENDITURES.
: Net amount paid for flre losses $493,721 SI
j Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 374,238 63
I Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 156,172 98
Paid for State, national and local
taxes — ........ 17.241 82
All other payments and expenditures 1,276.435 S3
Total expenditures $2,317,81109
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
j
Net amount of risks ■
written during the year $368,628,116 $1,820,240 93
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 192,528,439 774,14181
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1597 166.626.343 884,659 97
" T ED. LEVISSON. Vice-Presldent.
ERNST BRING. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this Ist
day of April. 1898.
. GUDEN AKERMARK. Notary Public.
I . ■ ___■__
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
General Agents,
407-409 MONTGOMERY STREET
SAN FRANCISCO.
•♦ jrffWlfrwWj,., m Big Ols a non-pofftonoDi
4<<^^Ejjw*"^Wk£^9 remedy for Gonorrhoea,
SHnTcl' H r^^H Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
/hsiW in 1 tosdaja.\a Whites, unnatural dii-
J&UW • Onimnteed TH charges, or any inflamma-
•T*S*Y not to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
|*v— •'SpreTenta contagion. tion of raucous mem-
W??|rHEEvAN3 CHEMinil Co. Cranes. Non-astringent.
CINCINNATI — SoW by ">■■■«*«•«•.
I WmSQi. rT a 1 7»«r of sent in plain wrapper,
jj»|^u. o. *--^mm 7 express, prepaid, for
lIW lfln*V'TW if- 00 - or 3 bottles, $2.75.
I V^gygygp^v "* Circular suit on Truest*
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
'" Silver unchanged. *J.i
' Wheat and Barley dull. "
Other cereals unchanged.
Hay in heavy receipt again.
Beans as before. ■
Potatoes and Onions in good supply. .J-
Vegetables ditto.
Butter, Cheese and Egga unchanged. >
Poultry nominal.
• Fruit glut about over.
Lemons higher. Limes firm and Orancea
• weak.
Prunes very quiet.
Dried Peaches. Pears and Apricot* firm.
No change in Provisions. —
Hides unsettled and weak. y. • /
Wool and Hops unchanged.
Hobs continue depressed.
WEATHER REPORT.
<120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
• ■ " SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 15; 5 p. m.
' : The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
• In California: **
' Eureka, 54; Fresno, 104: Los Angeles. 92; Red
•■ Bluff. 100; San Luis Obis] . SO; Ban Diego. 76;
• Sacramento 94; Independence. 88; Yuma, 106
: Ban Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
•. 67; minimum, 50; mean. 64.
■ "WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
■". • FORECASTS:
' " The -pressure Is highest off the coast of
■ Northern California an.l lowest in Southeastern
California and Southern Nevada. The barom
• eler has risen slightly over the northern por
: -tion of the Pacific Coast and fallen slightly
in the southern portion.
' ■ The temperature has fallen slightly over the
entire Pacific Slope except in Northwest \\ ash
■ lngton. The fall has been greatest in the lower
Sacramento Valley. The temperature is still
: above the normal in the interior of California.
■ The weather is clear except along the north
west coast of California and over the Rocky- !
Mountain region. Light sprinkles of rain are
reported from Baker City, Spokane, Port An
geles and Yuma.
■ Forecast made at Pan Francisco for thirty
' 'hours, ending midnight, August 16. 1898.
" Northern California— Partly cloudy along the
'.- coast and fair in the interior Tuesday; cooler;
brisk to high northwest winds. : .„, ~
Southern California— Partly cloudy Tuesday;
fresh west wind.
Nevada— cooler Tuesday.
Utah — Cloudy Tuesday; probably occasional
' light showers in north portion.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
' brisk to high northwest wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais— Clear;
•wind northwest, 75 miles; temperature, 73;
maximum temperature, 80.
G. H. WILLSON, Observer.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Aug. 15.— market for
Etocks was remarkably active and buoyant to
day. There was an occasional halt In the up
ward tendency, when the price of some lead-
Ing stock was advanced to a level which in
vited unusually heavy offerings. But no vol
ume of offerings seemed sufficient to check the
steady upward tendency of the market, and
everything was absorbed, with eagerness. St.
Paul took the lead of the market with a rise
of 3* per cent, and the total transactions for
the day footing up 67,700 shares. This advance
was undoubtedly due to the movement of a
3arge combination of speculative Interests, and
was based primarily on the fact that the ad
vance in the price hitherto has been incom
mensurate with that in the other prominent
Grangers.
The reason for this was probably that the
stock has been more largely held abroad
than the other Grangers and London has been
persistently liquidating its holdings of Ameri
can stocks. England's unfavorable trade bal
ance and the strong market presented in New
York for profit taking, of course have been the
motives for this selling, but It was neverthe
less effective in holding back the price of St.
Paul. It Is now said that these London offer-
Ings have been steadily absorbed by the power
ful speculative clique which started the pres
ent bull movement in Burlington and which has ;
now shifted the leadership to St. Paul. The i
buying was accompanied by rumors that the;
iwxt semi-annual dividend of 2 per cent will :
be supplemented by an extra dividend. The ,
preferred stock was bid up 3* per cent to
day, and the high grade bonds of the com
pany were also very strong. St. Paul was the
conspicuous center of the market, and the other
Grangers were uniformly strong. The buying
"of the Northern Pacific continued very large
and aggressive. The strength spread from the
leaders as the day progn seed and embraced a
continually growing list of stocks, most of
which showed gains of between one and two
points, and many of them in excess of that.
Sugar and Manhattan were depressed through
out. There was no special news to account
Tor the rise which was rather due to the growth
of general conviction that the conclusion of ;
peace will give full scope to the extraordinarily j
favorable conditions in the country, embraced j
in large crops at profitable prices, easy money
conditions and continuing favorable trade bal- j
ances.
Business in bonds was at a somewhat re- j
. -duced scale, and there was a tendency to re- I
action at some points in the list probably due
to the diversion of capital into stocks. Total
sales, $3,615,000. United States threes when Is
sued advanced ■■■„ In the bid price. Govern
ments were otherwise unchanged.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 538,500
shares, including 15.3C0 Atchison preferred; 8100
C. and O. ; 21,2'"") Burlington; 4230 Illinois Cen
tral; 9670 L. and N. : 24.450 Manhattan; 2580
Heading preferred; 4920 Missouri Pacific; 46,220
Northern Pacific; 27,350 do preferred; 20.200
Rock Island; 2912 St. Louis and San Francisco j
second preferred: 66,750 St. Paul; 4920 South- i
crn preferred: 27.250 Union Pacific: 27,714 To
bacco; 17,950 People's Gas; 8600 Illinois Steel;
.23.420 Sugar: WOO T. C. and I.; 9533 Leather !
preferred; 17.740 Rubber; 7170 do preferred; !
5420 Western Union.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 1414 St P & Otn 84
Do prefd 86 Do prefd .... I*4
•Baltimore & Ohio 15% St P M & M 161%
Canada Pacific .. 53% So Pacific 21%
.Canada Southern. 54% So Railway .. .. 9%
.Central Pacific .. 17% Do prefd 33*1
. Ches & Ohio 25% Texas & Pacific. 13% |
. Chi & Alton 159 Union Pacific 27% '
Chi H & Q 115% Do prefd 64%
Chi & E 111....... ... cPD & G 4%
C C.C& St L.... 44% Wabash 7%
Do prefd ..-. $6% Do prefd 20%
Del & Hudson 108 Wheel & L E.... 1%
Del L & W 151 Do prefd ..; 12%
..Den &R G 18% Express Companies— !
Do prefd 52% Adams Ex 105 . ]
..Erie (new) 14 American Ex 133
• Do Ist prefd 37*, United States 42
Fort Wayne 172 Wells Fargo 119
.Gt Nor prefd 131% Miscellaneous—
.Hocking Valley... 4 -, a Cot Oil 28% I
Illinois Central .. 109% Do prefd 83 j
Lake Erie & W.. 15% Amn Spirits ...... 12%;
Do prefd J3J4 Do Prefd 37% I
Lake .Shore 163 Am Tobacco 188%
Louis & Nash.... 56% Do prefd 129%
Manhattan L .... 101% People's Gas 102%
Met St Ry 138% Cons Gas 198
Mich Central .... 109%] Com Cable Co 170
Minn & St T,.... 28% Col F & Iron 23*4
Do Ist prefd.... 80% Do prefd 73
Mo Pacific 37% Gen Electric 41
Mobile & 0hi0... 28 Illinois Steels..... 68%
Mo X & T 12 Laclede Gas 53%
•Do prefd 36 Lead 37
Chi Ind & L 9 Do prefd 112% !
. Do prefd 34% .Vat Lin Oil 7% '
N J Central 92% Haw Com Co 23%
N V Central 119% Pacific Mail . 33%
M V Chi &St L.. 14% Pullman Palace... IS9 !
Do Ist prefd 70 Silver Certificates 58%
Do 2d prefd 35 Stand H& T 55%
Nor West 16% Sugar ....: 138%
No Amer Co 0 7 Do prefd 114
No Pacific 36% T C & Iron 28%
Do prefd 75% 0 S Leather 7%
Ontario & W 15% Do prefd 70%
Or R & Nay 53 U S Rubber ..... 43%
■ Or Short Line 33% Do prerd 105%
Plttsburg I6f« West Union 93%
Reading 18% C ft X W 134
Do Ist prefd.... 42 7 *| Do prefd 175
Rock Island 104% St L & B W .. " 7
6t Louis & S F.. 8% Do prefd 12%
Do Ist prefd G8 R g W 28 "
Do 2d prefd .... 33% I Do prefd 67
Bt Paul 10S=CTChl G W 15
Do prefd 157 IBrooklyn 11 T 67%
CLOSING BONDS.
V S new 4s res.. 128%]N .1 C 5a 113%
Do coup 128% N Carolina 6b 125
V S 4s 112% Do 4s 103%
Do coup ........ 112% No Pac lats 114"
Do 2ds 97 Do 3s 65%
V 6 5s -eg........ 113 Do 4s 100 Vi
Do 5s coup 113 NYC& St L 45.. 106'
District 3.C5s ..... 116% I Nor & W 6s ... 100
Ala class A 108 Northwstrn cons 142
Do B 108 Do deb 5s 118
Do C 90 jo Nay Ists 112
Do Currency ... 90 O Nay 4s 100%
Atchison 4s 96% O S Line 6s tr 127"
.-' Do adj 4s 73 OS Line 5s tr 108
• Can So 2ds 110 Pacific 6s of 55 10'U
Chi Term 4s 88% Reading 4s ... 84
C & Ohio 5s 113% X G W Ist- . muz
■ C H & D 4%s 104% St L & I M O ss. 100
D & R G lsta 110% st L & S F G Cs. 119%
D & It G 4s 97% St P C0n......... 151%
East Term lsts.. 103% St V C & P lsts 120
•Krie Gen 4s 74% Do .".s . 1171,;
F W & D lsts tr. 76% So Railway 55.... 97%
; "Gen Elec 5s 108 [Stand It & T 65.. 6S'
G H& S A 65.... 104 Tonn new set 35.. 91%
•Do 2ds 104 Tex P L G lota 108
H & T C 55....... 11l Do Hi? 2d5..;... 43%
Do con Cs 109 Union Pacific 98%
lowa C lsts 104 t; pD & G lsts. 73
La new cons 45.. 102 Wab Ist 5s .112%
L& N Uni 45.... 91VS Do IMs 89
.Missouri 6s 100 w Shore 4s 109
M X & T 2d3..... 65%,'Va Centuries 74
•. Do 4s 91% Do deferred ... 8 ■
N V Central lsts. 113% I Union Pac 4s . 102%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15 Ophlr 20
Crown Point ..... 10 Plymouth ... .. '. 12
Con Col & Va 30 Quicksilver ....;.. 125
Dead wood 35 Do prefd 350
Gould & Curry... JO Sierra Nevada ... 51
Homestake .:..... 45 00 Standard , 155
Iron Silver ....... 65 Union Con ........ 20
Mexican 10 Yellow Jacket .... 16
Ontario .........:. 350 - , : .
"BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— I Westlnghouse El. 30%
<*" loans I «8|- Do pre-- 58
Time loans Boston L .\ 6C»4
Stocks— "■' E E 111 183"-
A T & S F m; Atchison prefd ... 35%
Amer Sugar 13Sft Gen Electric 95
Do prefd 114 Vi Bonds-
Ray State Gas... 1%, Atehlson 4s 94%
Hell Telephone ... 288 Gen Elec 5s 106»4
Boston & Albany. 240 Mining Shares—
Boston & Maine. 165 Atlantic 29
Chi Bur & Q 115% Butte & Mont.... 227
Fitchburg ..: 104 Butte & Boston.. 26
Illinois .Steel •66 Calumet & Hecla. GOO
Mexican Central.. 47»4 7 » Centennial 17U
N V & New Eng. 100 Franklin 14V*
Old Colony .. ; 193 Osceola 67%
Or Short Line 33»£ Quincy 117&
Rubber 45 Tamarack 169
Union Pacific .... 27 1 *. Wolverine 27H
West End ........ 87% Old Dominion .... 2ST(,
Do prefd 105'^
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Aug. 15.— Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: Stocks
here were quiet but distinctly firm to-day,
the feature being the strong demand for Amer
icans and Argentine stocks. The latter were
bought chiefly by Berlin. Americana were
dealt In extensively for New York. and
there was also much English and German buy
ing. The demand largely centered in Erie.
Closed quiet at the top with a hopeful out
look. There was a further small recovery In
Grand Trunk. Apart from the directions In
dicated general business remains bo stagnant
that the closing of the Stock Exchange on
next Saturday is mooted. The question Is be
ing considered also whether the exchange shall
be closed every Saturday during September.
Canadian Pacific S6 3*3 * : Grand Trunk, : . Bar
silver steady, 274. Money % per cent.
LONDON, Aug. 15.— Spanish fours closed at
42*.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW TORK, Aug. 15.— FLOUR— Receipts,
87,657 bbls; exports, 6532 bbls. Sales, 8000 pack
ages; dull and easier with Wheat.
WHi; AT— Receipts. 15.950 bushels; exports,
88,283 bushels. Spot quiet; No. 2 red, 78% cf.
o. b. afloat to arrive, 79Vi@81VaC do spot. Op
tions opened steady and advanced a little on
s:ormy weather In the Northwest. Turning
\v t uk at midday under more liberal receipts,
easy cables and disappointing export demand
tho market was subjected to iooal liquidation
and closed %®lc net lower; No. 1 red Sep
tember, 70%@71}4c, closed at 70UC.
HOPS— Quiet;
WOOL— Quiet
COFFEE —Options closed steady and un
changed to 5 points lower. Sales, 18,000 baps,
including September, 5.55 c. Spot Rio. steady;
No. 7 invoice, 6^c; No. 7 jobbing, f>%c. Mild,
quiet; Cordova, B@luc.
SUGARS— Raw, strong; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4^c. Refined, firm.
METALS— The market for Metals was gen
erally firm, with demand more active. The
Metal Exchange reports the closing as fol
lows:
PIG IRON— Warrant firm at $6 75©7.
LAKE COPPER— Finn at 111 75@12.
TlN— Firmer, but quiet at $16 30@16 40.
LEAD— Firm at $4 06©4 10. The firm naming
the prices' for miners' and smelters' calls Lead
at $3 85.
r SPELTER— Steady at $4 600-4 60.
DRIED FRUIT.
I NEW YORK, Aug. California dried
fruits: Apples steady. Other fruits dull.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6®Bcy
.' : prime wire tray, 9c; choice, 94e; fancy, 9V?
10c per pound.
PRUNES— 4iSJBc per pound.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 10@13c; Moorpark, -160.
r PEACHES— Unpeeled. 6!g<9c; peeled, 10@16c.
1 CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
1 CHICAGO, Aug. 15.— Although Liverpool
■ ! quoted 3d decline in Wheat futures, the mar
| ket here started slightly higher than it closed
i Saturday. It was raining in Chicago, and al
though It was dry in the spring Wheat terri
tory where harvesting is In progress, the ap- '
■ pearance of umbrellas and rain coats on the f
i street dampened the bearish spirit that was bo ,
j pronounced Saturday. The market remained ;
i firm during the greater part of the forenoon, j
< notwithstanding indications of an Increase in
' receipts for the near future. The small visible |
supply decrease and the receipts continuing j
I much under those of last year held the market
j firm, notwithstanding the ■ promise of an in
j crease soon. The most bearish feature of the \
news- received was a drop in the price of cash !
I Wheat at Minneapolis of from 5c for contract j
to 10c for certain lower grades. The Italian
crop was officially estimated at 9.000,000 bush
els The day's clearances of wheat and flour .
from Atlantic ports were equal to 365,000 bush- ,
els The dullness of trade, expectation of heav- '
ier receipts and predicted Improvement In the
weather caused a cessation of weakness near I
the end. September closed *@%c lower; De- j
! cember lost %c.
Business in the Corn pit was not up to its j
I recent average activity, nor were fluctuations
: wide enough to stimulate the crowd into mak- ;
! ing fresh ventures. September closed %c higher, j
I Oats were steady with Corn, but yielded on !
a little selling and closed at the low point of
i the day. September declined V4@'/4c.
Provisions ruled dull and barely steady. There :
; was just about cash trade enough to hold the ;
market. Prices of futures moved over a small
range and were in the end a trifle lower than
they were Saturday.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
A^!t at '.. No :. 2 ~. 69* 70* 69* 69*
Sentember 65% 66 64% 6o
5258?.".: 63% 64 63* g*
May &<H 6o « &> <"
August °;.. 2 .T.;... 32^ 32% 32* 32«4
Sepunber 32% 33 32% 32%
December 32% m 32% 32% i
May..:: 34? 34% 34> A 34%'
l ™°::"::: » iS 8* St
Mess Pork, per bbl—
September ..?7... 815 915 905 910
October^ . 9 17* 9 17* 9 12* 9 12*
! December":. 9 22* 9 22* 9 12* 920
Lard, per 100 lt>s— 035 530 5 «T.
September - r , 32^ E35 530 530
October 5 374 640 5 32J4 030
December 5 37 4 5 40 5 37 ,4 5 40
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 525 5 27* 520 525
October.. 5 27* 5 27* 5 22* 52a
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour steady; No. 3 spring wheat. /o@i2*c;
No 2 red, 71* c; No. 2 corn, 33c; No. 2 oats,
22i -,-" > 4c- No. 2 white. 26* c; No. 3 white, 25@
27c- No 2 rye, 45c; No. 2 barley, 36«utf>c; No. 1
flax seed Si»V4c; prime timothy seed, $2 50;
mess pork, per barrel, $9 0509 10; lard, per 100
I pounds, $5 25@5 30; short ribs sides (loose), $5 15
(a', 40; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 4%@4%c;
short clear sides (boxed), $5 65@5 70.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 9.000. - 9.500
Wheat, bushels 78,800 40,100
Corn, bushels 565,000 665.000
Oats bushels 149.100 426,100
Rye. bushels 13.700
Barley, bushels .14,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day, the Butter
market was firm; Creameries, 13%@18%c; Dai
ries, 12@16c; Eggs, steady; fresh, 12c.
WHEAT MOVEMENT.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 220,460 20.790
Duluth 47,014
Milwaukee 22,750 1,950
Chicago 78,830 43,186
Toledo 89,966 64.200
St. Louis 67,000 33,000
Detroit 26.267 43.632
Kansas City 211,000 97.500
Totals ....: 74G.2!>3 361,272
Tidewater-
Boston 125.356 .......
New York 160,950 88.283
I Philadelphia 13,891 3.790
i Baltimore 81,837 102,030
New Orleans 60,000
j Galveston ." 32,662
Totals „.". 414,726 304,103
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— ;;• ;v'i;- v :/ ,i Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 10 5 4 -
Closing 0 10% 5 4%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— Aug. Nov.-Feb.
Opening Holiday.
Closing • .....
Flour —
Opening .....
Closing
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO. Aug. California fruit Bales:
liartlett, $2 20@2 45 box. Prunes—Fal
lenbergs, $1 50@l CO single crate; Gros, 80c@$l 4.",;
other varieties, 70c@$l 10. Nectarines — $1 25 sin- !
gle crate. Peaches— 9oc@sl 20 box. ; Plums— Sat^ j
sumas, $1 10 single crate; Egg, 85c@$l; other va
rieties, 70c@$l 10. Nine cars sold.
NEW YORK, Aug. California fruit sales;
Pears— Bartlett, $2 4002 62 box. Plums— Kel3ey ]
Japans, *2 box and "$1 6501 88 single crate; ■
Wicksons, $1 80; Columbia, 9Gc@sl3o; Egg, Ssc@ i
$1 16; other varieties, 8Oc0)l 05. Prunes — Oros, |
$1 Uo] 73 single crate; Italian, $1 35@1 65; Fal- ]
lenbergs, $1 60; Hungarian, Mco|l 35; other va- \
rieties, 90c(gJl 25. Peaches— Brandy $1 40
box; Elbertas, $160; late Crawfords, $115@130;
Susquehannas, $1 Ooffil 20: other varitles 80c@
$120. Grapes— Red Tramlna, $1 35 single crate.
Fourteen cars sold. '.; y-s>
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
; CHICAGO. - ; .-
CHICAGO, Aug. CATTLE— was
fairly active In cattle to-day, and good droves
«old at about steady prices, while common and
• medium were weaker to 10c lower. Choice
steers, $5 25<i?5 65; medium, $4 . 80@5 20; beef
steers, $4@4 75; stockers and feeders, %ir,,:,
bulls, $2 r.o'3'4; cows and heifers, $3 50£4 25
calves, $3 50(8'4 25; Western rangers, H<3>* 60 •
fed Western steers. $4@5 50: Texans. $2 6004 '
HOGS — Were weak and about 5c lower. Fair
to choice, $3 V)<Qi 05; packers. $3 60<??3 87U
butchers. $S GSS4; mixed. $3 60<!?3 95; light, $3 60
0S "-' : pigs, ?2 75(&-3 80. . , "
SHEEP— demand, for sheep exceeded the
supply, and prices • ruled strong. ■ Common > to
good lambs, J4@6; prime lambs, »7; choice
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 16, 1898.
Western range sheep, *3 25@3 75; fancy natives,
"'Receipts— Cattle, 19,000; hogs, 35,000; sheep,
10,000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Aug. 15.— CATTLE— Receipts,
COCO. Best grades steady: others weak. Natlvo
steers *4<S t 5 40; Texas steers, $2 90@4 25; Texas
cows. $2 25@3 50: native cows and heifers. $1® j
4 75; stockera and feeders, $3^is: bulls. $3@4.
HOGS- -Receipts, 6000. Market weak to 5c
lower. Hulk of saleß. $3 66®3 So; heavies. 13 70
<g3 90; packers, $3 65<53 85; mixed, $3 60<fi3 85;
lights, $3 20®3 05; yorkers, $3 60(ff'3 65; pigs,
$3Q3 50.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000. Market firm. Lambs,
$3 45j<6; muttons, $3«j4 25.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Aug. 15.— CATTLE— Receipts. 4500.
Market strong. Native beef steers, $4 50®5 30;
Western steers, $3 90@4 70; Texan steers. $.1 SOW
4 30; cows and heifers. $3 50® 4 25; stockers and
feeders, $3 75@4 75; bully, stags, etc., $2 75®
4 10.
HOGS— Receipts, 2000. Market a shade lower.
Heavy, $3 7Oig3 77^; mixed, $3 70@3 75; light,
$3 70®3 75; pigs. $3 2603 50.
SHEEP— Receipts. 4.100. Market steady. Fair
to choice natives, $3 7504 30; do Westerns, $3 70
@4 25; common, $3 25@4; lambs, $4 40@6.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, Aug. 15.— The statement of tho
vlulble supply of grain in store and afloat
Saturday. Augupt 13, as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Bushels. Increase. Decrease.
Wheat 6.K97.000 1,357,000
Corn 16,071,000 1,903,000
Oats 3,081.000 271.000
Rye 419.W0 12,000
Barley 243.000 55,000
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Aug. 15.— Consols, 110%: Silver,
27Hd.
Wheat cargoes off coast, nothing doing; car
goes on passage, buyers and sellers apart; Eng
lish country markets, weak; Wheat Import Into
United Kingdom, 250.000 bushels; Flour import
Into United Kingdom. 152.000 barrels; Wheat
and Flour on passage to United Kingdom.
1.670 000 bushels; Wheat and Flour on passage
to Continent. 820,000 bushels; Indian shipments
of Wheat to United Kingdom, 20.000 bushels:
Indian shipments of Wheat to Continent, 2000
bushels.
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 15.— Wheat, steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 7-16 d.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet; September,
5s 10\d; October, 5s fi^d.
CORN— American mixed spot new, quiet.
3s 3^: October, quiet. 3s VA&.
The Imports of Wheat into Liverpool for the
! week from Atlantic ports were 22. 5U0 quarters; j
from Pacific ports, none; from other ports,
34,000 quarters. .
The imports of Corn Into Liverpool for the
week were 82,700 quarters.
COTTON MARKET.
! XEW TORK, Aug. 15.— COTTON— Easy; mid
dling, 6c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. Aug. 15.— Exchanges $271,
068; balances. $30,257. _
NORTHERN "WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 15.— 1t is almost im
possible to get a bid on wheat. For this rea
son exporters are not at all anxious to do bust- |
ness and there is not much disposition on the ;
part of farmers to sell at present prices. About I
the only transaction reported is for milling pur- j
poses or shipment to San Francisco. Export :
values are about 57c for Walla Walla and 60c j
for Valley and Hlue Stem.
TACOMA. Wash., Aug. 15.-Wheat, export.
No. 1 Blue Stem, 63c; No. 1 Club, 60c; mtUlng.
2c higher.
LOCAL, MARKETS.
d- _L_
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
' Sterling Exchange, sight /... — ?4 84%
• Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 56%
' Sterling Cables — * 87
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — li 4
New York Exchange, sight — 15
i Fine Silver, per ounce — 59H
Mexican Dollars 48 «6*
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT — The week opened on a dull and un
! changed market.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 18%@1 224: milling,
$1 30@l 40 per ctl for old and $125@1 30 for new.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— ctls, $1 21%:
' 16 000, $1 22.
Second cession— December— l2,ooo ctla, $1 22.
Regular Morning Session — December— l6,ooo
i ctls, 214; 44,000, $121%. \, rM " IV
Afternoon D«cember — 14,000 ctls,
$1 21*; 2000, $1 21%. ■ ■
BARLEY— The market is dull and weak with
: a downward tendency.
Feed $1 15<gl 18%; Brewing, nominal.
. ■ CALL BOARD SALES.
; Informal Session— o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales. _
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls,
SI 15%.
.- Afternoon Session— No sales.
1 OATS— is nothing new to report. Fancy
Feed $1 25&1 27% per ctl: good to choice, $1 224
' 0125; common. $1 17%©1 20; Surprise, $1 30@l 35;
Gray, *1 174&1 224; milling, $1 22*@1 26 per
ctl
I CORN— market continues quiet and there
is no scarcity of stock. Small round yellow,
$125(5127%; Eastern large yellow, Backed,
$107*@ll0i white, ?l@110; mixed, $1 00«il 07*
per ctl.
RYE— sl 20(§l 25 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 7501 85 per ctl.
. __
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
i The China steamer on Saturday took out 26,
: 810 barrels, valued at $107,140, the heaviest
I shippment for months. These Flour exports to
j the Orient have been Increasing of late.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 40&4 00; bakers'
extras, $4 15©4 26 per bbl.
lIILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 SO per luO lt>s; Rye Flour, $2 70 per 100;
Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 60; extra cream
Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. H 25; Oat Groats,
$4 60; Hominy. $3 20® 3 00; Buckwheat Flour, $4
<g'4 25- Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4 uO;
j Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oata (bar
! ley), $5 S.Vg^ 25; In sacks, |5 65rg« 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 SO
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
' The week opened with Hay receipts of 1031
! tons, all from home points. There was no
change to report, one way or the other. Half
\of the receipts were Alfalfa. There is quite
a contest between the sellers and buyers at
present, the latter refusing to pay present
i prices If they can hely It, while moat of the
i commission merchants are endeavoring to keep
! the market up.
BRAN— $!•'• 50(^16 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SISW2O per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $25(926 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31«31 50; job
bing- $32'ij32 50; Cocoanut Cake. $24@25; Cotton
seed' Meal, $28(930 per ton; Cornmeal, $23<&23 50;
Cracked Corn, $24(224 50.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $17(517 50 for
good and $14(516 for lower grades; no choice
coming In- Wheat and Ont, $14 r.Oiffif. 50: Oat,
$13f104t16; Barley, ; Island Barley. $12^14;
Alfalfa, $11@12 50; Stock, $11@12; Clover, nom
"oUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat $13ff?14 50: Oat. $12@1S 50; Cheat. $11®
' 13: Timothy, $11 o(Xgl3 00; Alfalfa, $11@11 50
per ton.
STRAW— 40<?f 60c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Prices show no further change.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 65@2 70; Small Whites,
$2@2 16; I-arge whites. $1 H',fi\ 95: Pinks. $2 2,V?j!
2 35- Reds $2 60fr2 75; Blackeye, %Z UO3 25;
Butters nominal: Llmas. $3(53 15; Pea, $2@2 15;
Red Kidneys. $2 5002 75 per ctl
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 2;.fj4 75 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $4fi4 25; Flax, nominal. $2@2 10;
Canary Seed, 2^4©2%c per lt>; Alfalfa, from
Utah, 6%c; Hape, 2y t li2%c; Hemp, 2%65c; Tim-
Ot DRIED V pEAS-Niles, $1 75@1 90; Green, $2 25
per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Red Onions are about gone and yellow are
weak. There is no particular change in Po
tatoes and Vegetables. Tomatoes continue
high under light receipts.
POTATOES — 45056 cm sacks for Karly Rose
and 4f>tr'7sc in Backs and 75ciy$l in boxes
for Hurbanks: Salinas Burbanks, 85c@$l 16;
Sweet Potatoes, lVi^VAc per lb.
ONIONS— SO(ft)7Oc per ctl for yellow. Pickle
Onions. 75090 c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Gre<-n Peas, 3c: String
Beans. 2<g4e per lb; Lima Beans, 3if(4c; Bay
Squash. 26(T?30c; Green Peppers. Sv'tiOtoc for
Chile and EOOffc for Bell; Cabbage. 50c per
Ctl: Carrots, 30@50c per sack; Bay Cucumbers.
2r><7;3<V: Pickles. "5c for No. 1 and 40<5'50c per
bos for No. 2; River Tomatoes. $1 2T>(al 50: Green
Corn. 4CKst"Boc per sack for Vacaville. $1(51 2r>
per crate for Alameda. 50@75c for Berkeley;
Garlic, 2fi2Hc per lb; Green Okra, 50<§65c; Egg
Plant. 35ig;80c per box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desslcated. 16(g?18c: granulated, raw. 13c;
Onions. 60c; Carrots, old. 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c: Turnips, 25c;
String Beane, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Was nominal in the absence of receipts.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 16@18c for Gob
blers and 13@18c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $l«i
1 2. r .; GonlinKS. $1 (601 SO; Ducks. $2 -.of? 3 for old
and $2 50@4 for young; Hens, $3 50@4 50; Roos- |
ters, young, $f>#6; Roosters, old, $4 25@4 50;
Fryers. U 50; Broilers. $3 50@4 for large, $2 50
'gr, TiO for small; Pigeons, $1 CiOijJl 75 per dozen
for young and $lfg>l 25 for old.
GAME — Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
All kinds remain unchanged. There Is no
scarcity In anything.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamerief, 2J0240; «ec
onds, 21@22c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 20@22c; common
gradeß, 16@19c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 14@15c per lb:
Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9%@10c; old. 8®
9c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young America,
10$ lie: Eastern, 12Q13C.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 21@25c per dozen; store
Eggs. 14@n^c; Eastern, 14@17c for ordinary
and lS(&20c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The glut ia about over, though it will take'
a day or two to clean up the old stock left
over from last week. There were free pur
chases of Peaches yesterday for drying In the
country, which reduced stocks of this fruit con
siderably. Pears, too, went off letter, and
Plums were no weaker. There was no im
provement in prices, however. Grapes were
weak with n. declining tendency, and the same
remark applies to Melons. Berries were steady.
Lemons and Limes continue firm, and the
former are higher. Oranges are neglected ana
lower, with insignificant stocks.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $4@6 per chest for large and
for small.  ,
Figs, 50c for white and 73c@?l 25 for black,
double layers.
Cantaloupes, $1(??3 per crate; Nutmegs, JI«J
1 25 per box: Watermelons, »5@20 per hundred.
Huckleberries, 7c per lb.
Red Nectarines, 25<S'Wc; White Nectarines,
2ufr4oc per box.
White Grapes, 33040 c per box: Black Orapes.
50#85c per crate; Muscats. 3f.®65c per crate;
Isabellas, 40c per basket and 750 per box.
Blackberries, $2«i3 i*?r chest.
Plums, 25500 C per crate and 25@60c per t>ox;
in bulk, $7 50@15 per ton.
Aprirota 50<?i75c per box.
Peaches lß#soc per box; in bulk, to canners,
$20@30 for Freestones; Clings, nominal.
Crabapples, '25(ft400 per box.
Raspberries. $s<&fi per box.
Apples, 35(&60c lor common, and <sc@Jl per
tH Bartlett 0 'P*aw. 75«90c per box and, t«<pSO
per ton for No. 1 and 25<350c per box and $12 O 0
@20 per ton for small and inferior stock.
1 -ITKUS FRUlTS— Oranges. $I@l X for St
Michaels Jl for Mediterranean Sweets, and
25075 C for Seedlings; Lemons. $2 sni&3 50 for
common and |4®S 50 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes, $7<ij:B; Bananas, $1 20@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, ?3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
Peaches, Pears and Apricots are firm and
wanted, and Peaches are higher. , Prunes con
tinue dull and easy, as the East Is not taking
hold of them at all.
DRIED FRUIT — New Prunes. 3%@3%c
for the four sizes; old Prunes, carload lots,
s«js*c for 40-60's. 4%@5c for 50-60's, 3%@40 for
60-70' s, 3%@3%c for 70-80" s. 2%@3c for 80-90' 3, 2@
2%c for 90-100' s; new Peaches, 7@Bc; old
Peaches. 5%@6%c; peeled, nominal; new Apri
cots, 9@loc for Royals and 15@17>£c for Moor
parks; old Apricots, s@7c tor Royals and S@loc
for good to fancy Moorparks, Evaporated Ap
ples, 6%@7c; sun dried, 3@4c; Black Figs, sacks
2<fr;!%c; Plums, 4@4%c for pitted and l@l%c for
unpitted; bleached Plums, sc; Nectarines, 3@
4%c for prime to fancy; Pears, 3@sc for quar
ters and 3@5%c for halves, according to color,
etc. New Pears, 6c for quarters and 8c for
halves.
RAISINS— 2@2%c for two-crown. 2%®2%c for
three-crown, 3(&'3%c for four-crown, 3(g>4c for
Seedless Sultanas, 2%@3c for Seedless Mus
catels and $I@l 15 for London Layers; dried
Grapes, 2c.
NUTS— Walnuts, new, 6c for hardshell, 7c for
softshell; Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell, 6@70 for
softshell, B%@9c for paper shell; Peanuu, 4@
sV^c for Eastern and 4%c for California; Pe
cans, 6%<BSc; Filberts. 9%<§loc; Brazil Nuts
S@i»c per lb; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb. 9<K>loc for bright and 6@7e :
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 6%@
6c; light amber extracted. 4%@5%c per lb
BEESWAX— 24<g26c per lb.
PROVISION&
CURED MEATS— Bacon, B%c per It) for
heavy, 9c for light medium, 10% c for light, lie
for extra light and 12',4@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10%@llc; Califor
nia Hams, 9%@10c; Mess Beef. $10@10 50 per '
bbl; extra Mess Beef, $11@11 50; Family Beef, j
$125£12 50; extra prime Pork. $10; extra clear.
$IS^lB TO; mess, $15 50@16; Smoked Beef, 11@12 O I
per tt>.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per IT)
for compound and 7%c for pure; pails. 8c;
California tierces, 5c per Ib'for compound and
"c for pure; half barrels, 7*c; 10-Ib tins. 8c;
C-rb tins. Bl{c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%@<»4c: packages
less than 300 Its— l-Ib palls, GO In a case, 9%c;
3-rb palls. 20 in a case, B%c; 6-It> palls. 12 In a
cape. She; 10-Ib pails, 6 In a case, S%c; 50-rb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7Tsc; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs Bit, 7?i,e; half
barrels, about 110 Him. 7%c i>er fb.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOh AND HOPS.
Hides are unsettled again and the feeling is
weaker. There is no change In Wool and
Hups.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, BHc; Cow
hides, 9c; Stags. 6"* c: salted Kip, 8»*c: Calf,
9c; dry Hides, sound, 15c: culls and brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry -Calf, 17@18o;
Goatskins, 27H@30c; medium,. 30c; winter, 10c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, IMj2sc each; short wool,
20@40c each; medium, 60©80 c; long wool, 90c@
Jl 10 each; Horsehides, salt, $2 25 for large
and $I@J 73 for small; Colts, 50c; Horsehldcs.
dry, $1 75 for large and 75c@$l 25 for small;
Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3%c per Ib; No. 2,
2&c: refined. 4Vit?4%c: Grease, 2c.
WOOL — Fall clip. Southern Mountain, 7pioc;
free Northern, 9@l2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9@llc; San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months', 8@10c; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12@14c; Foothill and Northern,
defective. 10@12c; Middle County. 13®16c; Hum
boldt and Mendocino, 14516 c- Nevada. 101; 14c;
Eastern Oregon, 10912 c; Valley Oregon, 15<j'lZc.
HOPS— IS 97 crop, 9<yi2% per IT). . \
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 4%<3 1 4»io: Wool
! Bags, MQKc; San Quentln Bags, $4 S5; Fruit
> Bags, sc, u l^ and f>%c for the three grades of
j white and 7<3>Bc for brown.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New "Wel
lington, $8; Southflsld Wellington, $7 CO; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend.
$7 60; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and $14 M) in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel. $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Oate.
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 In
sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash; Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 6c; Dry Granulated, 6%c; Confec
tioners' A, 6%c; Magnolia. A. 5%c; Extra C.
6%c; Golden C, 5V t c; California A, 5%c per lb;
half barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes
Vie more.
BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs rule weak at the decline. The other de
scriptions are unchanged. •
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, CVtc; second quality,
s%<S6c: third quality, 4%@a^c.
VEAL— Large, 4@ 1 5o; small. 6@7c per It).
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7%c; Ewes, 64f6^c
per tb. ,
LAMB— Spring, 7@Sc per It).
PORK— Live Hogs. B%c for large. 4c for me
dium and 3%@3»4c for small; stock Hogs, 2©
3c; dressed Hogs. riVi@6%c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday. August 15.
Flour, qr sks ... 10,676 Quieltellver. flsk. 2*lo
Wheat, ctls 4.87 a Leather, rolls ... 66
Barley, ctls 2.190 Wool, bales 107
Oats, ctlß 420 Pelts, bills .. 114
Cheese, ctls 24 Hides, no ........ 534
Corn, ctls ■ 4, 150 Bran, sks 130
Butter, ctls ..... 215 1 Middlings, sks .. no
Tallow, ctls 316 Potatoes, sks ... 7.302/
Lumber, ft 200,000 Onions, sks . f>3o
Lime, bbls- 400 Beans, sks si. 849
Eggs, doz 12,870 Hay, tons ... . 1,031
Wine, gals 25.9"i0; Straw, tons V 15
OREGON. \
Flour, qr sks ... 10.611! Bran, sks A 9r>B
Wheat, ctls • 1 Middlings, sks .. 243
Barley, ctls Wool, bales \65
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 3,144 Oats, ctls 6,635
Wheat, ct15...... 14,450 Wool, bales 11
Barley, ctls 4.460 /--
THE STOCK MARKET.
Price? for mining stocks were rather higher
as a rule, with more selling.
The Ccnfldence delinquent Pale takes jilarf>
to- cry.
Local securities were moderately active and
Hawaiian Commercial advanced to $26 60.
The Sacramento Mining Company of Utah
has declared a regular dividend, amounting
to $5000, and payable August 25.
The annual meeting of the Marguerite Gold
Mining Company has been called for August 22.
The Junction Mining Company of Tuolumne
County has levied an assessment of 3 cents
P»t share, delinquent September 12.
The delinquent sale of the assessment of $2
per share on Sutro Railroad stock has been
postponed from September 1 to October 1.
The report of the Sierra Nevada mine for the
past week says: Riley tunnel— During the week
extracted 18 mining cars of ore from the sixth
floor and deposited It in the ore house at mine.
The average nssay of samples taken from the
face was. gold. $26 99; stiver. 5.7 C ounces per
ton. Have retlmbered thp old Sierra Nevada
shaft a totai derjth of 105 feet and stopped
that work pending the completion of the hoist
ing plant which is in p! a <"c but not yet ready
to start up. The gallows frame is completed,
the guides in place and work on the building
Is progressing as rapidly as possible. The east
crosscut from the north drift, started at a
point ."0 feet north from the tunnel lino, was
advanced 5 feet; total, 92 feet; face in soft
porphyry. Have stopped this crosscut and re
sumed work on the south lateral drift and ad
vanced the same 30 feet; total length. 90 feet;
face in quart! of low assay value. 900 level—
The north lateral drift has been advanced 10
teol; total length north from the Sierra Ne
vada shaft, 675 feet; face In porphyry and
gypsum.
At the Alta mine they holeted and delivered
at the mill during the week 10 carloads of ore
from the stopes above the 825 level, the aver
age assay value of which was, gold, $8 48;
silver, 4 ounces. Have sunk the winze below
the 940 level 40 feet and started an east cross
cut from the bottom, which is In 9 feet; face
in quartz carrying bunches of ore.
The lMt letter from the Justice mine said:
"We continue to atope ore In the upraise from
the bottom of the winze and from the streak
on the 80 level. During the past week we ha^e
hoisted ten tons of ore; car samples or same
average, gold »49 05; silver, $33 06; total. $82 66
Lode— Beet & Belcher. Gould &
Curry and Savage, Sutro tunnel I«vel— The
Joint west crosscut started at a P " I****1 **** V*"
north of the tunnel line in the north drift has
been advanced 14 feet; total length, 64 ie«,
face in porphyry. , ,-»,„_
Occidental Consolidated— official «*«"
for the past week says: "550 level— At a. point
50 feet north of the main station the raise nas
connected with the stopes 75 feet above tne
track floor. The drift started from No. i up
raise. 75 feet above the track floor, has con
nected with No. 1 upraise. We are now ex
tracting ore from the stopes above the 6aO level
and will start the mill August 15.'
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE. ;
MONDAY. Aug. 15—2 p. m.
Ask. | B1 « .V ft k -
U S Bonds— | Mutual El Co. 8% 10
4s quar c0up.. 111%U2% Oakland Gas.. — , 63
4a quar reg...111%112% Pac Gas Imp.. 87% —
4s avar new... 127*128* Pac L <?<>■■■■• 48% 60
Miscellaneous— 9 F G & E... 87% 87%
Cal-Bt Cab ss. 112 — San Fran .... i 3%
Cal El 65.. 125 — Stock Gas .... 13 —
C C Wat 5a... 99%101 | Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — 98% Flrem's Fund. 2oo 205
E L & P .129 131 Ba"nk Stocks— ...
F&CI Ry 65.. 115% — Anglo-Cal .... 60 —
Geary-st R ss. 93 100 Bank of Ca1.. 245 247
H C & S 4%5.100 105 Cal SD & T.. - 97
L A LCo 65.. — 100 First Nat 300 —
Do gntd 6a.. 99 100% Lon P & A.... 128% —
Market-Bt 65.. 126% — Mer Exchange 14 15
Do Ist M 55. .115% — Nev Nat 8....160 —
Nat Yin 6s sts — 97% Savings Banks—
NCNG Ry 78.105 108 Ger B & L..1550 1650
N Ry Cal 65.. 109 112 Hum S & L..1030 1160
N Ry Cal 55.. 102% — Mutual Say. — ' 42%
NPC R R 65.103 106 S F Say V.. 487% 500
NPC R R 100*105 S4 L 50.... — 100
N Cal R R ss. — — Security SB. 300 —
Oak Gas 55.... 100 — Union T Co. looo —
Do 2d Is as.. 109 — Street Railroad—
Om Ry 65... 127 — California ....106 108
P & O 6s 107 — Geary 40 —
P&CI Ry 104%106 Market-st .... 58% 54*
Powell-st 65. ..118 — Presidio 8 —
Reno WL&L..IOO — Powder-
Sac El Ry 55.100 — California .....ISO 149
6F& N P 65.107%109 E Dynamite... 85 —
SlerraßCal 6s. — 103 Giant Con Co. 48 48%
S P of Ar 65. .106%— Vlgorlt 2% 3
S P Cal 6s 110 — Miscellaneous—
SPC Is eg 55.. 101 * — Al Pac Assn.. 95% 86
S P Br 6s U5%116* Ger Ld Wk5..125 —
S V Wat 65... 118% — Hana P C 0.... 15% 16
S V Wat 45... 102*102% H C & S Co.. 26% 26%
Stock Gas 65.. 100 — Hutch S P Co. 54% 54*
Water Stocks— Mer Ex Assn. 90- —
Contra Costa.. — 54V«- Nat Vln C 0... — 7.
Marin Co 50 — Oceanic S Co. 54% 66%
Spring Valley. 99* 99% Pacific A F A. — 2*
. Gas & Electric— Pac Bot Co 100 104
Cent Gaslight. 105 — Par Paint Co. 7* —
v Morning Session.
10*1 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. 26 25
115 Hutchlnson S P Co 54 00
85 8 F Gas & Electric Co 87 50
Street—
10 California Safe Deposit 97 00
$10,000 Market-street Ry Con Bonds 55. ..115 50
Afternoon Session.
50 Alaska Packers' Association 95 75
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 54 12%
25 Oceanic Steamship Co ..55 00
12000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 102 12%
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 26 25
170 do do 26 50
150 do do 26 37%
36 S F Ga« & Electric Co 87 62%
22 do do ' 87 75
5 Spring Valley Water 99 25
Street—
$5000 Market-street Ry Con Bonds 5s 115 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Afternoon Session.
45 Market-street Railway 53 87%
35 Hutchinson 9 P Co 64 00
40 Giant Powder Con 48 37%
50 Oceanic Steamship Co, s 15 ...55 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 18 800 Mexican 20
500 19 100Ophir 25
800 Best & Belcher. 21 300 Savage 13
300 Bullion 03 200 15
200 Caledonia 22 100 Sierra ' Nevada.. 60
500 Chollar :.. 23 150 61
100 Con Cal & Va. 37 300 Union Con 26
500 Crown Point ... 16 400 28
200 Gould & Curry.. 1" 200 Yellow Jacket... 25
300 20 100 23
50 191100 24
100 Justice 291
Afternoon Session
100 Best & Belcher. 20 1 500 Mexican 18
100 Challenge 15J1O0 17
200 Chollar 22:250 Ophlr 25
I 450 Con Cal & Va.. 39 '■ 200 Savage 14
! 200 Confidence 43 300 Seg Belcher 04
100 Crown Point ... 16 100 05
200 Sierra Nevada.. 62
FolloVing were the sales In the Pacific Stock
' Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
170G Andes 05 1000 Justice 10
4M) Belcher 15 1500 09
I 200 Best A Belcher. 19 400 Mexican 20
1 15(10 Bullion 04 £00 Occidental 58
I 300 Chollar 22*400 Ophlr 33
25 Con Cal & Va.. 37! 200 Potosi 17
30U Crown Point ... 15 300 Savage 14
200 Gould & Curry.. 181200 Sierra Nevada.. 62
200 19,300 fnton Con 27
00 18:200 Yellow Jacket... 23
Afternoon Session
| 800 Belcher 17!500Ophlr 25
HO Beat & Belcher. 18 300 23
1000 Bullion 03:200 Potosi 18
200 Con Cal & Va.. .38 300 Sierra Nevada .. 59
, 600 37 300 60
i MX) Con Imperial ... 01 SOO Utah 07
300 Crown Point ... 16 400 Yellow Jacket... 22
200 Mexlcun IS
CLOSING QnOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Aug. 15—4 p. m.
Bl.l. Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 04 ot> Julia 01 02
! Alta 00 10 Justice 09 10
J Andes 04 05jKentuck 05 06
: Belrher 16 IS | Lady Wash ... — 01
I Benton Con ... — 12| Mexican 17 19
] Best & Belcher 18 20 Occidental 50 53
< Bullion 08 04 1 Ophlr 25 26
! Caledonia 20 22 Overman 05 06
Chollar 22 23 Potosi 18 20
Challenge Con. 14 16 Savage 13 15
Confidence 44 45 Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va. 39 40 Seg Belcher ... 04 05
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 60 61
i Crown Point .. 15 16 Silver Hill .... — 20
I Con New York. <"1 021 Syndicate — 08
! Eureka Con ... 20 — Standard —165
! Exchequer .... — 04 fnlon Con 25 27
i Oould & Curry. 18 19 I'tah 06 0?
Hale & Norcrs. 75 SO! Yellow Jacket. 22 23
BFAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Antonio B. and Laura A. GonzaJes to John
J Spieker lot on 8 line of Ellis street. 131:9
W of Van Ness avenue, W M by S 120; $21.6;*.
John Lee to Susy Lee, lot on E line of I)e
visadero street, 100 S of Page, S 60 by E 137:6;
gift.
Thomas B. Bishop to George W. Osborn, lot
on \V line of Wood street. 246:8 N of Point
Lobos avenue, N 100:6 by W 120, quitclaim
deed; $1.
George W. Osborn to Mary A. Austin (wife
of Joseph Austin), same; $2000.
Francis and Elizabeth Tormey to Mary Mc-
Neil lot on NW line of Shipley street, 97:6 NE
of Fourth, NE 20 by NW 80; $10.
James and Margaret E. Fitzgerald to Aetna
Mutual Building and Loan Association, lot on
W line of Fourth avenue, 350 S of Lake street.
S 25 by W 120; $2350.
Nicholas and Catherine A. Hottua.to Solo
mon Getz. lot on E line of Thirteenth avenue,
200 S of I street, S 2."> by E 120; $10.
Louise Fellz (Clarke) wife of J. D. to Emma
Clarke (wife of C. J.) lot on S line of Army
street, at dividing line between lota 88 and S9,
Precita Valley (329 E of Mission). S 115 by
E 30, being portion of lot 88, Precita Valley
lands; gift.
William A. Nevills to Delia F. Nevllls (wife),
undivided half interest In mines in Tuolomne
County and in State of California, excepting
the Rawhide mine in Tuolumne County and
mining property in Amador County; also half
of ranch and other real property In State of
California; gift.
Alameda County.
\V. F. and Maria Pierce to D. Edward Col
lins, lot on NE corner of Park avenue and
Haven street, E 162 by N 125, block 13, In plat
6, rancho V. and P. Peralta, Oakland Township;
also lot on N line of Park avenue, 25 W of
Haven street. W 100 by N 125. block 16, In plat
6, same, Oakland Township; $10.
Sarah I>arsen to Louis Gulllxson, lot 10,
block E, Knowles and Potter subdivision Ken
nedy Tract, East Oakland; $W.
Carl Muller to G. O. Hlnman, lot 31, block
L Melrose Station Tract, Brooklyn Township
$50.
Amalla F. Wetzel to Pius Wetzel, lots 4 and
5, in section 11; lot 1, section 12, and NE \ of
NE Vi section 14, township 3 S. range 1 W. with
exception: also beginning at >4 section post
between sections 11 and 14, township 3 S range
] W. being the common corner lands of'w H
Martin, Jane Murray, S. Loughran and John
Green, thence on section line E 20 chains to
NE corner of NW Vj of NE % section 14. thence
S 10 chains, NW 21 chains, to beginning con
taining 10 acres, portion NW % of NE Vi sec
tion 14, township 3 S, range 1 W, Eden Town
ship; gift.
Alfred T. and Mary J. Higbie to Eliza P
Hammersley (wife of A. S. Hammerslev) lot
on SE line of Twentieth avenue "0 SW of
j&Ut Fifteenth street. SW 35 by SE 100, block
22, San Antonio, East Oakland; $50.
James Clark to Nora Clark, lots 22 and 23.
block 481, Adeline and Market Street Home
stead. Oakland; gift.
William Jr. and Juliet F. Lange to Annie
M. Spelman (wife of John Spelman. lot on NTE
corner of Ca.stro and Eighteenth streets, N
100 by E 45, block 286, Oakland; $5500.
Builders' Contracts.
St Luke's Church (a corporation) owners,
with Walker Bros. Company, contractors, ar
chitect Albert Sutton, all work except plumb
ing, electric wiring, heating, \-entllatlng and
gas fixtures, for stone and brick church build
ing on SE corner of Clay and Van Nes6 ave
nue. S 63:11% by E 123; $32,500.
P. Portwlg (owner) with D. Roes contractor,
architect W. H. Armltage, all work for a
frame cottage with rough basement on lot 16,
block 3, subdivision Mountain Spring property;
$1940.
Mrei Agnes M. Qoedje (owner) with W. F.
Lloyd contractor, architect none, all week far
a two-story frame building with rough base
ment on W line of Webster street, 75 S of Fil
bert, S 25 by W 100; O W. A. 323; $2060.
Herman Kiepen (owner with Earl F. Crane,
contractor and architect, all work for a two
story dwelling on NE corner of Plymouth and
Broad streets, block H, Railroad
Association; $1925.
T. B. White (owner) with A. H. Wilhelm
contractor, architect C. A. Meussdorffer, all
work for a three-story frame building of three
flats on W line of Clayton street, 30 S of Wal
ler. S 26 by W 98:1014; $409(1
HOTEL AJEtBIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J C Ruddock, Ukiah G D Oliver, Carson
C Kaufman, CaJ J W Lalng, New York
VV N Woodsen & w.Cal O Mathews. Sta Rosa
F A Kaufman. Wdlnd Z J L Fine, L Gatos
F "Western, Vancouver J M Mason, Cal
C Urquhart, Victoria \V P Biggs, Cal
P E O Anzar, S Juan B L Davis. Cal
H C Bell. Sacto P A Buell, Stockton
A Schubach &w, Mo * Conway &w, Or
G E Cmne, Stockton F P Primm, Redding
W Nurer, Calaveraa jA R Duffin &w, L A
M S Jacques & w, Cal N R Folsom, S Monica
Dr C W Kelly, Lakept 'Adeline Schlauch. Can
J F Neely, San Diego Q L Vandery & w.Can
W W Foote, Oakland E A Bridgman & w,
Dr E W Johnson, N V, Seattle
J Hkinney. New York IFred Cox, Saeto
Mien H Howard, G Falls W L Scott. Ottawa
B Blnnard & w. Cal Minnie Schlaier. Sacto
J E Mlnard. Blackprt Mrs F Halg"h. S Rosa
Zetta Ball, Roeeburg L Rosenberg, Ukiah
T McCaffery, tos Ang E A Clinton. Ky
M W Conkllng. L Ang J A McFadden & w.
F Flnlayson. Los Ang Baltimore
E Beans San Jose J F Whitney & w, Cal
T G Walker, Watonvle ~l n Todd Denver
J W Baxter, Watsonv E C Jones, S L Oblspo I
| H Bryant, Fulton Mrs L Gerlach. Stocktn
J D Parish. Ukiah Mrs, H Baldwin. Stktn
J C Tice. Cal E H Farmer. Gllroy
Mrs Hale, San Jose F W Cal
D P Craig & w, Ind C D Knight, Los Ang
R Heath. Cal A B Day. Los Angeles
J F Webb. Placervllle T Purvis. Ontario
W H Myers. Placervle W S Renns & w. Cal
H H Seaton. Arbuckle G D Dornln Fulton
J S Peaw. Grimes P Carroll. Petalumn
Mlbs A Rego, Sacto M Goldsmith. Stocktn
Mrs M E Bethel, Sacto J O - Hara. Petaluma I
J Mooney. Cal L W Bookman. Cal
W H Hilton. Glen Elln R W James, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
E Treeser. Chicago Mrs E L Remlqu'.re.Cal
H L Ford. USA Miss J Gtlllon, Seattle
J W Connor, City of Miss R Fallen, Seattle i
Sydney J B Devaney, Seattle
J M Moore. Angel Is J B Shaw &w, Van-
J R Bremer, 10th Pa V couver. B C
G H Clark. San Rafael G E Lask. New York
W C Ramis, Petaluma |O Flyner, Sacto
Lieut Mllam, Term Emma J Bower. Sacto
F H Johnson. S Jose jMrs A J Richardson,
M Katzensteln, Benicla Auburn
F J Wilson, New York A Benham. Fresno
A L Williams & w, Cal E C Kirkpatrick & w,
A L Comstock. Portld Dallas. Or
T Lockwood. N York W I) Bollard &w. Cal
T H Greene, Jr. N V R R Baxter, N J
A Ramlch, Ventura N N Dawson. Sacto
H J Smith & w, L Ang B C Armstrong, <^nlo
Miss M McGIU. L Ang W N Banning. Utah
J Bayha, Los Ang 'R C Rice, San Jose
PALACE HOTEL.
S Bamberger & f, F W Bullock, Chgo
Salt Lake J F Farraher. Yreka
F Braemer & w, Chgo Dr C W Nutting, Etna
Mrs T Wetterstroem. A V Powell & w. Chgo
Cincinnati Belva Myers, Portland
M R Powers, Chgo Rev M G Solomon &
R L Fox, Chgo w, Los Angeles
Mrs C Paschal. Omaha R T Gardner, L Ang
Mrs C A Bean. Omaha I J Smith & w, Reno
Miss C Bean, Omaha Dr Mrs J D Whitney,
Mrs Wlloox. L Ang I Cal
Mrs Longstreet. L Ag T J Flint Jr. S Juan
Mrs R H Mis, L Ang J M Thnmae & w, O
W H Town, St Louis B A Goodfellow. Chgo
L W Blinn & w.L AnglM S Grant. San Diego
C Weir, L Ang 'M G Eshman, L Ang
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C Rossbach, Manila IJ Thompson, Portland
H Hammett, Menlo Pk C A Kurtz, Missouri
J Mclntosh, L Ang J M Kane, Portland
M Peterson, Rio Vista C Neilson. Portland
C L McDonald, Chico jA O Connor&w, Butte
F S Saunders. Seattle C E Halbach, Chicago
J B Hamilton, Byron F Martin. Salt Lake
F Olsen Vallejo E Rober & w, S Ana
J Sullivan, Jacinto F F Frietas, Clifton
H Bandman, Visalla J Jacobs, Redding
F Whichanl, Clnn
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo ■
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is :
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sall
<ng directions of the world are kept on hand :
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all njatters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry ;
building, at the foot of Market street, Is hoisted |
nbout ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re- ;
reived each day from the United States Signal ;
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any, Is published '■
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Knslgn (retired). U. S. N.. In charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. AUGUST 16.
I Sun rises "-26
Sun sets 7.01
Moon rises 4:34 a. m.
3|Tlme| Time Time Tlrae|
to Feet. Feet. Feet. Feet.
» L. VT H W L W H W
I Tel 4:*3 0.0 11:51 4.7 4:40 2.7 10:42 5.2
117 5:13 0.1 12:11 4.8 5:19 2.3 11:23 5.2
181 5:48 0.3 12:31 4.91 5:59 1.9
HWLWjH W L W
19 004 5.1 6:15 0.6 12:32 5.0 6:42 1.6
20 0:46 4.9 6:50r 1.0 1:17 5.0 7:26 1.3
11 134 4.7 7:271 1.3 1:4« 5.2 8:14 0.9
a 2-32 4.4 8:04| 1-8J 2:21j 5.2] 9:14| 0.7 i
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides !
the early morning tides are Riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
! day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
■ second time column gives the second tide of I
'' the day the third time column the third tide
i and the last or right hand column gives the
1 last tide of the day. except when there are but i
I three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights !
I given are additions to the soundings on the
Vnited States Coast Survey charts, except i
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
! reference Is the mean of the iowrr low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Austral
Orizaba iMumDomt |Aug. it>
Arcata Coos Day lAug. 18
Pomona San Diego |Aur. 17
Glenfarg China and Japan |Aug.l7
Australia Manila lAur. 17
Empire |Coob Bay Auk. 17
Crescent City... [Crescent City Aug. IS
Scotia IHumboldt I Aug. IS
Homer INewport I Aug. 19
Chllkat ! Humboldt I Auk. 19
Tttania (Nanaimo Aug. 19
Columbia Portland Aug. 20
Queen (Victoria & Pu*et SoundlAu*. 2ft
Bristol I Departure Bay !Aur. 20
Santa Rosa !San Diego lAuk. 21
Burma ! Nanaimo !Auk. :l
Cons Bay I Newport I Auk 2S
Belgic : Chlna and Japan 'Aus.23
StateCallforniaiPortland ! Aug. 23
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
North Fork. Humboldt .... JAu?r. 16, 9 am! Pier 2
Coos Bay... I Newport Auk. 17. PanrPierll
State of Cal Portland Aug. IS. 10 am | Pier 12
Curacao ... Mexico Aug. 18, 10 am! Pier 9
Cy Panama Panama Aug. IS, 12 mIPMSS
Orizaba .... Humboldt .... Aug. 1>". iO am|Pier 9
Pomona San Diego lAug. J». 11 am|Pier 11
Tmatilla .. Vie & Pgt Sd.'Aus i». 10 anVPler 9
Homer iNewport |An»r. 21. 9 amiPler 11
Chilkat jHumboMt JAi -S- 21, 9 am' Pier 13
Columbia ..[Portland (Aiijf.23. 10 amiPter 12
Santa Rosa I San Diego.... 1 >»*■ 23. 11 am! Pier 11
Arcata 'Coos Bay Vug. IS. 10 ami P re r 13
Glenfnrg ... China &iapnr. Aug. 23, lpml'MSS
Steamer.
Destination.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. V. S. N.. Mer
chants 1 Exchange, San Francisco, August
15 IS9S.
The lime ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. «.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, August 13.
Stmr '"xarina, Seaman, 90 hours from Seat
fle
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, 78 hours from New
port.
Strrr Coqullle River, Johnson. 18 hours from
Fort Bragg. Bound south. Put in to land her
ija#>engers.
Stmr Westport, Peterson, 16 hours from Bear
Harbor. Up river direct.
Stmr Sequoia. Thwing, 17 hours from Fort
Hragg.
Stmr State of California. Thomas, 57 hours
from Portland, via Astoria 43 hours.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, 57 1 £ hours from Vic
toria and Puget Hound ports.
Sehr Nettle Sundborg, Johnson, 20 hours frm
Fish Rock.
Schr Volant, Krog, 4 days from Nehalem
River.
Schr Occidental, Brandt, 30 hours from Eu
reka.
Schr Chas E Falk. Anderson, 2 days from
Eureka.
CLEARED.
Monday, August 15.
Br stmr Wellington, aalmond, Nanalmo; R
Piinsmnlr'< fioaa.
Br ship Seafarer, Farmer, Iquique; Meyer,
"Wilson & Co.
SAILED.
Monday. August 16.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson, Fort Bragg.
Kr Btmr Wellington. Salmond. Nanalmo. i
Stmr Chllkat. Anderson. Eureka. J
Stmr Coqullle River, Johnson. »
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendoclno.
Stmr Cleone. Miller. Albion.
Stmr Newburg, Hansen, Eureka.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, Ban Diego and
way ports.
Schr Lizzie Prlen, Hansen. Crescent City.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Aug 15—10 p. m.— Weather,
foggy; wind, SW; velocity, 16 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Mohican loads mdse for Honolulu; Loull
Walsh, coal on the Sound for this port.
The Annie M Campbell loads lumber at Port
Ludlow for Honolulu; Gen Fairchlld, lumber
on the Sound for Sydney. 42s 6d; Ilala, salmon
at Victoria for England: Invercauld. wheat at
Portland for Europe, 34s — option of San Fran
cisco, 28a 9d.
MISCELLANEOUS..
VALPARAISO. Aug 13— Ship Kenilworth pre
viously reported on fire has been extinguished.
Cargo damaged by fire and water, and about
430 tone of cargo landed.
LONDON, Aug 13— Br ship Drumburton col
lided with barge Alert while coming up ths
Thames. Had some head gear carried away.
HAMBURG — Aug 15— Ger etmr Guthell form
Hamburg, tor New York and Ger ship D H
Watjen. from Tacoma. for Hamburg, have
been In collision. Both vessels are damaged.
Guthell put back to Hamburg, having sus
tained damage to port bow.
MELBOURNE, Aug 14— Rktn C C Funk,
from Tacoma for Melbourne, was wrecked on
Finders Island. Tasmania. Eleven lives lost,
including captain, his wifp and two children.
Two persons, Peterson and Krough, were
saved.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORlA— Arrived Aug 15— Stmr Columbia,
hence Aug 13.
VENTURA— SaiIed Aug 15— Stmr George
Loomls, for San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Aug 15— Schr Bertha
Dolbeer, for Eureka.
FORT ROSS— Sailed Aug 15— Schr La Chll
ena. for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Aug 15— Schr Ida
Schnauer. from .
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Aug 14— Schr C A
Thayer, for Guaymas; schr John F Miller, for
Redondo.
Arrived Aug 14— Schr Reporter, from Guay
mas.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Aug 13— Schr La
Gironde. for Redondo.
TACOMA— Arrived Aug 13— Ship Dashing
Wave, from Port Los Angeles. Aug 15— Schr
Emma Claudlna. from Kahului: schr Laura
Pike, frnm Eureka: schr Eva. from San Pedro.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Aug 15— Stmr Fulton, for
St Michael.
POINT REYES— Passed Aug l. r >— Stmr Pasa
dena from San Pedro, for Eureka.
EUREKA— SaiIed Aug 15— Stmr Ruth, for San
Franctsco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Aug 15— Stmr Empire,
hence Autr 11.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 15— Br ship Buck
ineham. from Shanghai.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 15— Stmr Scotia, hno
Aug 13.
Sailed Aug 15— Stmrs Ruth, Orizaba and Bo
nita. for San Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived Aug 15— iiinr George
Loomis. hence Aug 14.
BOWENS LAXDlNG— Arrived Aug 15— Schr
Bender Bros, hence Aug 12.
Sailed Aug 15— Stmr Alcazar, for Port Los
Angeles.
SEATLE— SaiIed Aug 15— Stmr Fartillon. for
Dyea: ship Occidental, for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 15— Stmrs South Coast and Ellhu
Thompson, from St Michael.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug 13— Ship I F Chap
man, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Aug 14— Br Etmr Gae
lic, hence July 2K.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed July 11— Br ship Nivllla
for Oregon. Aug 16— Br ship Penthestlea, for
Royal Roads.
FALMOUTH— PaIIed Aug 13— Br ship St
Enoch, for Cardiff.
DEPARTURE BAY— To sail Aug 15— Bark
Wllna. for Honolulu.
HAMBURG— Arrived Aug 15— Ger ship D H
Watien. from Tacnma.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Aug 13— Br
stmr Rraemer. from Tacoma.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 13— Br ship Llnd
fleld. hence April 9.
LONDON— Arrived Aug 12— Br Bhip Drum
burton, from Portland.
Sailed Aug 13— Br ship Clan Galbraith, for
San Diego.
SYDNEY— SaiIed Aug 13— Br stmr Miowera,
for Vancouver.
VALPARAISO— SaiIed July 6— Chil ship Te
muco. for Puget Sound.
TALOAHUANO— Sailed July 6— Chil bark
India, for Puget Sound.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
• LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 15— Stmr Catalo
nia, from Boston.
BREMERHAVEN— Arrived Aug 15— Stm Bar
barossa. from New York.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Aug 15— Stmr Aller,
from New York.
Sailed Aug IS— Ptmr Werra. for New York.
| S\A/ISS-AmERICAN BANK
Of Locarno, Switzerland, and - • «'r,
CERMANIA TRUST COMPANY.
624 Montgomery street, San Francisco. ']
Paid-up Capital and Reserves, $620,000.
(G. T. Co., $320,000.) (S. A. 8., $300,000.)
; A general banking business transacted. In-
I terest paid on savings deposits. Loans on ap-
! proved real estate security and on commercial
I paper. The GERMANIA TRUST CO. Is au-
thorized and empowered by the State of Call-
i fornia to act as executor, administrator, guar-
dian and trustee. Legal depository for trust
funds.
DIRECTORS— Ernst A. Denicke. A. Sbar-
boro. J. C. Rued, E. Martlnoni. F. C. Siebe.
A. Tognazzinl. H. Brunner, McD. R. Venabl*.
A. G. Wieland, F. Kronenberg, Charles Mar-
tin. C. Gehret. P. Tognazalni. S. Grandi. O.
Rottanzi.
OCEAH XBAVjfilfc
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
. k^ Steamers leave Broadway
g|j» B-^B -^ wharf, San Francisco:
' E&lfSafe, For Alasl • ports. 10 a. m.,
f^SOßli^ August 4, 9. 14, 19 24. », SeptJ.
IK MB^Ka transfer at Seattle.
E§£»>s*R^f& F ° r Alaskan ports (from
jisEsrgwfi. Spear-street wharf). 10 a. m.,
I ***^|||ajs August 3, 23, transfer ax Port-
For Vlctr "a, Vancouver, (B.
C"> Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma. Everett.
Anacortes and New What com (Wash.). 10 a.
m.. August 4. 9, 14, 19, 24, 29. Sept 3. and every
fifth day thereafter. c lectlng at Seattle with
! this company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
| Ry.. at Tacoma wit- N. P. liy., at Vancouver
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m. Aug.
6, 12. 18. 24, 30. Sept 5 and every sixth day
there after. , ''.'_ '
For Santa Cruz, Monterey./ San Simeon.
Cayucos Port Harford, (San Luis Oblspo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., Aug. 1. 5. 9. 13. 17. 21. 25, 29.
! Sept 2 and every fourth day thereafter.
I For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo) Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo '{Los Angeles), 11 a.
m Aug. 3. 7. 11. 15. 19, 23,^7, 31. Sept. 4. an«
every fourth day thereafter. .
For Knsenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pai. Santa Rosa-
lia »nd Quay mas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 18th ot
every month. "
For further Information obtain foloer.
The company reserves the right to Chang*
•without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
.rifl v«mi»-« nt ratline.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). ■
i GOODALU PERKINS & CO.. a Ge«. j aS X
10 Market st San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berths
IAnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia .Aug. 3, 13, 23, Sept. I
; State -of California. July 30. Aug. 8. 18. 2S. Sept.?
;St Paul $16 00] St. Louis $33 Oft
! Kansas City .... 26 00 Chicago .:......... 24 00
Omaha? ....:. 26 00 New York 31 00
1 v™u ™ E. C. WARD. General Agent.
, 630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., :
Superintendents.
Coropagnie Generals Transatlantic,
French Line to Havre.
Company's pier (new). 42 North
Rivrr. foot of Morton st. Travelers
by. this line avoid both transit by JWUlinifc,
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the . channel in a small boat. New York -to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class $140-
second class, $116. *
LA NORMANDIE Aug. 20 10 a. m
LA GASCOGNE Aug. 27 10 a' m'
LA TOURAINE ........Sept 3 10 a' m"
LA CHAMPAGNE Sept. 10 10 a m'
LA NAVARRE .. ....Sept. 17 10 I. m.
For further particula-s apply to
COM^t^? NIE GEN ERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent,
No. 3 Bowling Green. New York. •
J. F. Ft GAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
i aye., San Francisco.
PMafnHIP The S. S. MO ANA
8P»«Bl( sails vla Honolulu and
Lfc " w Auckland for Sydney
■ ;.■>* — «^- Wednesday, September
rtlminSniD^ ". at c 2 p. COOLGAR-
rrtlcdmSnlD^' Llne to coolgar-
DIE. Australia, and
" (gHlp}Ry* CAPE TOWN, South
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327, Market St., San Franclsoo.
FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
_ Steamer "Montlcallo." ;
Mon Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat .."..'"
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:80 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Friday 5............ 1 p. m. and 8:80 p. m.
Sundays ................. .10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
' Landing and offices— Mission Dock, I'lsr •>
Xtlupboßß Seal MML -~ASKED MONEY
OF HIS GUEST
Mrs. Williams Tells of
Western Hospitality.
HAD TO SUE HER BROTHER'
. i
HELD HER GOODS TILL SHE
, PAID FOR BOARD.
V;-..:.. ■ |
Th.c Aid of the Court Sought to De- !
. cide a Case for Which Thero
;. Is Said to Be No
■ ' . . Precedent.
San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Aug. 15.
.' Mrs. H. F. Williams, whose residence is
in .-the East, came to Oakland a few
weeks' ago to. visit her brother, Henry
•;Kv'iu. whom she had not tic-en for twenty
."years. Mrs. Williams had heard a great
' ''. deal of .' Calif ornian hospitality, an had
• expected to meet with some of it upon
• her arrival in this State. According to
■ h.er story- accompanying a suit which has
•.been! dismissed in Justice Cliffs court,
her", expectations were greatly disap
•: Mrs. Williams feels all the more grieved
In "-that the cause of her disappointment
• is 'her own brother. Some time ago she
cahie to. Oakland and was cordially greet
•-.'. ed.li'y Henry Kent and his family. For
" lVve..weeks, she was his guest, and accord;
Mi'.g- to her story the family reunion was
-'■ very, pleasant. 'After an enjoyable visit
Mrs: Williams signified her intention of
•* returning: East and was greatly surprised
•■ when . her brother presented her with a
i m board bill for $25— five weeks at ?5 per
■week. The guest treated the matter a.s a
' : Joke' until she attempted to take away
• her trunk, when she was informed by her
..brother that he intended to keep ii until
hlsVlaJm was satisfied.
•"• After • consulting attorneys Mrs. Wil
■ liams brought a replevin suit to recover j
■ her trunk, but Constable Weidler was
• ordered out of the house. Mr. Kent saying
■ that he. had a perfect right to keep his ,
-.-.sister's belongings. He was informed that
as "he .did not keep a boarding house and
'.'• hail not posted the necessary legal notice
•■'"he 1 could not take advantage of the act re
• fetrring to. innkeepers. K< nt then at dead
• 'of-night moved his sister's belongings to
'.'/. his 'office at the- Sixteenth-street depot.
:"': "' and • ■w.hen -this came to the notice of his
•'. sister's attorney he was peremptorily, in
"V formed that unless the trunk was turned
■'over 'at once to Mrs. Williams a warrant :
."-•for arrest would issue immediately. The i
■ brother then gave his sister her clothes.
" ••I cannot return East with a very ex- j
■ aJttrd idea of California hospitality," said
•' Mrs. Williams to-day; "if my experience
with my own brother be a fair sample."
A Question of Lav;-.
•• : -OAKLAND, Aug. 15.— The question of
v Whether, the medical superintendent of an
• -. insane asy.Uim is the legal guardian of the
'-.-. estates as well as of the persons of in
.'■ inatos will come up before the Supreme
• "Court- on appeal from this county from a
...Yiudgment in default granted by Judge
.-■ GHie-ne and an order entered by Judge
■" • Ellsworth. The case in question is that
,'• o.t [Jacob Roth, who lied in the Napa
• j Asylum in/JS92. It was found he had left
". a.' bahk'i irccount; and J. B. Feehan on be
• ' • b'alt" "rtf Rotn's sister, the only heir, peti
.•• \tiVir.ed f<ir letters of administration. Th"ii
! [tb^-asylunj officials brought, lit to collect
.'"■*i:-;C6 -as a reasonable sum for his care.
'■ ! Th-ls Ivis gone by dt fault and Attorney do
-.-" jL_i-.cijy;i' will no • take out his appeal.
•. : ■••'•-: . Barber Injured by. a . Boy. , _j j
-.' ■"-"-•O'A.KLA'ND. *Aiig: r 15.— A<3olph -Kieso, a
: ?:b'ari'.-.r. -of Sl'J J-ackson street, sustained a
• gainful injury to his -nose last - Lurday j
v removing a healthy crop
i *.i-f- v Wir from the head of the il-year old
i/v.il-i'f M-Mayiir John R. Glascoc*.
-.•-■■■ GlascackUS of a nervous tempera
'■" innvt .and handicapped the workman by
feats in the barber chair.
"■.4\i£t a.s Kle?o was about to commence op
• •"ejcaTlona Glascock threw out his arm,
• Vihliing.Kieso's left hand in such a man
: 'Jr-'r as "to drive the. sharp scissors through
■-"itherljarber's nose: Dr. O. L. Jones was
...Ami-moned and dressed the wound, which
• '.Vtkjuir.ed several stitches. The injury is
■ irut serious unless blood poisoning ensues.
;"■", ■■•"■■ Water Is Now in Sight.
"•■-•.BERKELEY, Aug. 15.— The Alameda
Water Company has completed the erec
■;..fjoh -of a pumping- plant at the corner of
'. .Ash-by- and TeU^raph avenues. It was
■' frie.a for .the first time last night, and
• proved, quite satisfactory. A steady
'■'stfeam. of .water is now being forced
•.'.through a six-inch m in to the Garber,
.\".rtV<>ryoir. which is man.' full. - - ' •
.•..'.'"..Th.;-." officers of the corner* *>*• have de
•".Gid;ed. that the pumping shall be doae ev
.'^erj; .e-vning, beginning at S ■ lock The
: ' -'ff j-Vriction upon irrigation will be re noved
■' ' £0, after which date the eonsump
:-.tion of water will not be limited in any
iwaj
;■•■". : ; " . • = .Crazed by Drink.
.'. '-."OAKLAND, Aug. 15.— John Lyraan, an
•••ernjiln.ve .of the Contra Costa Laundry,
•■■.■■■. before Judge Ogden on a
.'. c"?-/a-rtje of insanity" preferred by bis wife.
-'.Mjfs'. ' Lyman was put on the stand and
■•.•sVkjre,'. that her husband had been acting
.' struv-geiy ,^fnce lust January and had on
.'.'ihore. than one occasion threatened to kill
vVurr-. Further examination tended to show
'" -i.Yi.iit- the thi'-f cause of. thie trouble was
--.'.i'link,' a,nd the case was finally eompro
•V intetd by an arrangement being made
•■-..'.rh'-rciiy "Lytnan * should occupy a room I
■?'.i\?:\r. his' work iriid, undergo treatment '
■ ■-ujniV his over-indulgences should wear off.
.•.-.■-■-■ Executors Will Contest. .'
•• f)AJv I. \.\'l >. Aug. ir.!— John Schneider
■•£ri<\ G'.-orge Metzger, through their attor- i
' -Ke^s. J. 11. Smith and George do Golia, j
'. towlrtj- lilpd.a contest on the J2'K),QOO es~
".trj'r-' i . f the late > 'hristoph StreitbergrT. 1
-.- v/ 1 '.) . . d two wU'ip— the last one drawn ion '
■ApttC'l3, IB9BJ was lied for probate by At- j
•.t.Uro'tjy Graber. This will names D. Bruns |
■'" and- T. V. Graber as executors. Messrs'
Sctinvlder and Metzger are named as ex- ■
'- ;\i:-ulors" In thp other will, ma de April .', '■
'■■\Wi. and they aver that theslS9B will was
• rttadt! under fluresa and is fraudulent. The
■frsArs in *-ith'-r will are the same.
• '.- . •."'-. The Edwards Estate.
-. C.LAND, Aug. 15. — Ambrose F Ed- I
.- V\-ar<lt-.and Vv\ G. Kllis yietitioned the Su
;; f'eripr Court to-day fnr probate of thi "will 1
of.-Hobert U'niiam Edwards; who died at '
. (nvjerntes; Marin County. August s, IS'js. <
■T-n." estate consists • land In Alameda, j
•Mfirln: San Mateo and Kan Francisco'
••-;■."!!• "f unkn<twn value, and I he heirs'!
-•rir*''.th<- widow; Marion Warner Kdwards, •
'• .-?lmn '-1,.- Kills, Ambrose F. Ed ward a
•.'.Marlon Stewart. Klttife Rogers (all of
.Qakland) and Ada Bltlr of San Francisco.
-;•• : ■ Brave Fireman's Death.
. •.OAKLAND, Aug. \r,.~ Austin Bailey; the
.j-jlrfave fireman v.ho risked his life at the
.-.Sixtli-Btio't fire a few months ago, died
L:at:l2:3o o'clock this afternoon. Pecoasj'd '
• .-W-JW j-il-ifflt.ali.y Injured In Having his com- I
.-•pidr:p. H«. wjis struck on the. head by a|
•: nozzle. For a'.tlme hi si pmed to improve, !
•^}<nt was subsequently stricken down with
Cheesman's Examination.
OAKLAND. Auk. !s.— Frank Cheesman,
rharged with the murrk-r of ■ Harry
• i-;rqoko. was again In the PolircCoiirt this
mp-rning; and his preliminary examlna
; lion-was set for next Friday . by which
. time ft is expected Etta Payne, who was
,ilFo-?-!ot. will have recovered sufficiently
■ . lrvn.ttch'l court.
Sj^Pt They Left the Meeting.
■ : - iOAK-LANI). Aug. 13.— At; the and
■ JVavy Republican League, last . Saturday
'• night- a resolution '"i reinstate ','.' !i
- T-hornas and E. W. WoodwHrd. Mayor ami
•^'"irjnciilman respectively; was lost "There
• u iiVin -t\v«nty-flvG members, mnßtly t-ni
. v'^v't-s >jf the city government, left "the
• •> Ing. '
•' Mismated Couples.
_ O-IICLAND. Am:. *i— Divorce suits
. .na\'^ been begun by Martha E. Hand
ffgafn.st H.- Ffnnk Hand and by Martha
-Ehrenborg against Alfred G. Ehrenberg
A New Student Officer.
BERKELEY. An,,'. 10.-The . members of
corn tip '.• of the Associated Students
of the University ,if California are pre
paring to submit to. : the student body a
plan by which a better control can be had
over college finances. They will recom
mend that a new officer be elected, to be
known as student treasurer. He is to have
charge of all the money connected with
baseball, football and track work, and to
pay all the bills contracted by the man
agers of the different departments of ath
letics. He will also take charge of all the
receipts thai conn from the same sources
and account for them monthly to the ex
ecutive committee.
Wanted to Jump Overboard.
OAKLAND, Aug. 15.— A young man.
who declined to give bis name, made a
Bensational attempt this afternoon to
commit suicide by jumping from the 2;30
p. m. ferry-boat from San Francisco.
T.ie would-be suicide was standing by
Councilman Prlngle on the forward deck,
lie calmly laid his hat, cane and some
a "i! tlu \>. 1 and rushed to
...■■ rail, He turned round and shouted.
"Give those papers to Mr. Spaulding of
Oakland." As soon as be had Bpoketi a
deckhand grabbed the young man and
turned him ov< r to the boat's officers, who
took him to San Francisco.
» ■» ■
EIGHT NEW PROFESSORS.
The Faculty of the State University
Is Receiving Additions to
Its Number.
BERKELEY, Aug. 16.— The teaching
force of the University of California will
be Increased by eighi new instructors for
ming college year. Tfiey are mostly
men of E3a InJng who have al
ready attained eminence in their special
lines of study. Tne list consists of tne.
following:
S. D. Townley, A.M.. Ph.D., instructor
in astronomy. Appointed Instructor 01
astronomy In the I niversity of Michigan
,1 studied in &ermanj from 1896 37.
George l avidson, Ph.D., Scl >.. pi
sor of geography, already honorary pro
y and astronomy in (he
University of Call £ol nia.
Herbert M. Hopkins, I'h.n.. instructor
in Latin. Graduate of Columbia College,
New York City.
c n Lindley, honorary professpr 01 the
law of mines and water. Member of the
first California Code Commission In 1872.
Herman Sehussler, honorary professor
of water supply engineering.
E C. Moor.. LL..8., Ph.D., assistant in
philosophy. Instructor of philosophy in
the University of Chicago. .
W. S. Money, analytical assistant in
m n S Norris, instructor in chemistry.
Took a doctor's degree from Johns Hop
kins University in 1897. and has since car
ried on researches In dietetics In connec
tion with Government expert work.
University Settlement Work.
tKELEY. Aug. 18. The work of the
sity settlement at Smith Park., ban
Francisco, will receive a stimulus this
year from the help of Mrs. E. C. Moore
of Chicago. -Mrs. Mo, .re, together with;
her husband, Dr. S3. C. Moore, recently
■ -.■•: as assistant In philosopny in
University of California, is well
known for her philanthropic and socio
logical work in '■ nnection with Hull
Chicago. Dr. and Mrs. Moore re
sided at the Hall House n I -mier
was Instructor in the University of Chi.-
They Intend to follow out tne ■
same plan in regard to. the settlement
work in Pan Francisco.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Aug. 15.— Manager Ever
ett Brown of the university football
team has secured thi- White House on
Chapel street as training quarter? for
the football men during this seasons
The contract for supplying military
suits to the freshman cadets of the Uni
versity of California baa been awarded
to J. M. Lltchfleld & Co. of San Francisco
ct price is $16 EO per suit.
Thomas Morck, a former Berkeley man,
on June 14. file left
:■: the schooner .Mary Ann,
for St Mi< I ael, and met hia
by falling from the mainmast of tiie
The Board Bt Trustees have befn In
vited by the off! :ials of the Union Iron
Works t.> attend the launching of the
terry Bteamer Berkeley. The boat
een named in honor of the unlver
si ty t
William Harry of West Berkeley was
committed to the N; pa asylum this
morning by Judge Ogden. Harry was
arrested P nu ** ro .us
• petty larcei y", he having ac
quired a mania for stealing board side
walks. It was foun,d upon examination
that his strange acjlons were <im.- to a
Of insanity.
A Cool Vagrant.
ALAMEDA, Aug. !.'.- M. Selgel. a tour
ist from Sacramento^ was arrested m a
San Jose avenue and
Mound street last night, where he was
making himself ;•.' home. He had built
a Ore In the grate, and with an old oilcan
was preparing a compound known as
"hobo st.w." the Ingredients being vari
ous articles that were probably stolen.
H< v. as sentenced to-day to sixty days
in the County Jail.
Alameda Items.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 1& — The Board of City
Trustees will meet in regular session this
evening.
It is believed thai Walter R. Weeks "f
icinal is one of the party that dis
covered Oi" rich diggi g on Lake Atlin.
I ompanied the prospectors \sh" uric:-
Inally discovered these mines two years
ago, and the last heard from him he was
with them en route up the Atlin too River.
A new tuberculin Ji;' s been
prepared by the Board of Health, and will
be introduced at-the next meeting of the 1
City Trustees.
MURDERER MILLER
SENTENCED TO DIE
SLAYER CF JAMES CHILDS TO
HANG IN OCTOBER.
Created a Sceno When Judge Cook
Pronounced the Words "May
God Have Mercy on
Your Soul."
John Miller, murderer, of James
Childs, will be hanged by the neck un
til he is dead within the walls of San
Quentin Prison on the 14th of October.
The death sentence was pronounced
yesterday by Judge Carroll Cook. - •
The murderer, a hunchback of re- !
pulsive appearance, was. brought- over
from San Quentin that the sentence of j
Heath might be pronounced. He . was,
.led into court and sat quietly during
the settlement of a few preliminary 1
points; but, when he was told to stand
while sentence was pronounced,' his'
eves blazed with anger. He made no j
protest, however, until he heard, the
words concluding the sentence, ."and
may God have mercy on your. soul. ".
Then he lost his head. "May God have
mercy on your soul," he shouted at the
court. "I have been denied a fair
trial and am being railroaded to the
gallows." Two Deputy Sheriffs grap
pled with the frenzied murderer, but
his wasted find warped frame showed 1
the strength of aH athlete's, and it '.va.s
with difficulty that he was conquered.
still pouring out abuse upon the head
of the court and denouncing those who
had declared that a\just fate should
be meted out to Win. he was half'
dragged, half carried from the room' to
the van in waiting to carry him, hack
to prison. In the evening he taken
to San Quentin to awaitv the day the
law has set for him to die.
The crime for which Miller is to suf- j
fer death had no extenuating circum- :
stances. Childa had attempted to pro- j
tect a woman whose life nought, I
when, without cause, he shot him dead.
Miller lived for years on Clementina
street, near Fifth, with Maggie Ryan,
a woman of bad reputation. Frequent
ly they quarreled and on more than
one occasion Miller attempted to kin
her. On November IS. 1896, after a !
more bitter altercation than usual, he
pursued her from his home at' the point
of a pistol, firing at her as she ran. --
As she fled along Clementina street
shouting for help, Child* attracted by
her cries, went out of his house- to her
rescue. He rushed between. . her and
Miller, who was then almost upon her,
and. catching her, shoved, her" inside
of his own door and' out of danger.
He then turned to. capture Miller, and
ps '"» faced about the latter shot him
In : the head. ':''. The : bullet produced . a
mortar wound, but Miller, not satisfied
with its result, fired a second shot Into
his' prostrate form. ...;..., y •,.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 16, 1898.
FAST HORSES
RACED IN FORM
Few Reversals at the
Butte Meeting.
C ft ROWDS VIEIW THE SPORT
MORGAN IN THE LEAD OF THE
JOCKEY TALENT.
Many Horse Owners Meet With Good
Success in the Betting Ring.
There Was -Only One
Disaster.
Trre meeting just closed at Butte was |
in every way a success, notwithstanding ;
the several drawback* encountered, the j
most serious of which was the illness of |
Manager Ed A. Tipton. The ener- !
getic and hustling Kentucky horseman
was confined to his hotel during the
greater portion of the meet with an at
tack of fever.
The attendance and betting was hardly
up to the high standard of former years,
but then Butte is no longer a harum
scarum mining camp and people are in
clined now to weigh a dollar before risk
ing Jt on a gambling venture. The last
day was the banner one of the meeting.
An immense crowd viewed the sport and
ill.- betting was of the fierce sort, fully
$65,000 passing through tne auction and
paris mutueJ boxes.
The racing was marked by no astound
ing reversals, unless the acrobatic turn
of the California horse Rauido, ridden in
his five raced by Jockey Ruiz, be except
ed. Rapldo came up from Portland, and
after starting three times without show
ing anything, was passed up as a bad one.
Then he came <>ut on July 29 and won
driving from Kncino in a mile, covered in
l.t;V He next run third to Coda and
Encino in a mile run, covered in 1:43.
This race had a suspicious flavor about it,
but Ruiz explained it away by saying he
had misjudged the pace. Friday. August
ij, the chestnut gelding came out and made
All Smoke, Los Prietos, Twinkle Twink
and Lady Flight look like "dogs" in a
mile and twenty yards, run in 1:43%. For
this Invigorating exhibition, his owner,
.1. M. Capps, was tuhl to take his horses
from the track and Ruiz was suspended.
In the jumping horse division Viking
is now easily the best. He can now
shoulder weight— a quality formerly lack
ing. Rosamore In good hands would
make a first-class timber-topper. Lord
Chesterfield is rounding up to form and
is due v win before luiik.
The Last night of the meeting a rous
iiiK benefit was given at the Auditorium
for the relief of the parents of Willie
Madden, the unfortunate rider killed
while piloting Lord Chesterfield in a race,
and a substantial sum of money was
raised. Volunteers were there in pro
fusion, and the performance was not over
until a late hour.
Crit Davis" crack colt Hand dOr, the
conqueror of Plaudit; •will probably not
be seen at the post in Montana. He re
cently threw a splint below one knee,
and will be touched up with the firing
iron.
Dutch, the giant "quarter horse," ap
pears to be the equal of the gray ghost
Leora when it comes to packing weight.
On August. 5, with 145 pounds in the sad
die, he defeated such fast ones as Pat
Tucker. Omah Wood, Rattler, Lou Wat
kins and Lo Lo with ease, stepping three
and a half furlongs in :41 Hat. He is as
broad as an English surrey, and- weighs
1350 pounds, 500 pounds less than his sire,
a Norman bred . stallion. On Labor, day
at -Anaconda there is talk of having" him
take a shy at the three furlong record,
with i a flat car loaded with ore on his
expansive back.. ':
Fred Edwards and Joe Lahgendorfer j
have met with good success,, their horses j
winning $2945 in purses during the meet
ing. Of -tills amount $1700 was captured j
by Dolore and Estro, leased from J. Nag
lee Burke. Thelma and Eroica appear to
be of but little account. ■ ■-.■■' ■ -
Lucky Star, who was purchased from
B. C. Holly by Miles Finlen some weeks
ago for $1500, has been given a well-earned
rest.
Of the jockey talent here Morgan head
ed the list with twenty-one lirsts out of
eighty-one mounts. Piggott was a good
second, having hit the wire first on sev
enteen occasions, and Shaw was a close
third with fifteen wins to his credit.
Morgan, an Indian lad, has been seen in
the saddle on the Western tracks for the \
past thirteen years, and he will probably
come to California the coming winter.
Shaw is riding in fine form, and if he j
would refrain from a too-liberal use of
the brnsh and red paint could soon amass
a bank account. Since signing with the
firm of Edwards & Co. Gus Wilson passes,
the three card men up and rides many a
winner. ■■'. --:..' . . - ".- ...
Jack O'Brien, a careful handler of
horses, now has charge of the racers
owned by the, deceased turfman B. C.
Marcus Daly headed the list of win
ning owners at the meeting with $5005.
Mekallah, in the millonaire turfman's
string Is a wonderfully fast filly, and
Would- find ready sale if put under the
1 he big brown horse Scottish Chieftain
is undoubtedly the beat horse shown at
the meeting. At his first two essays he
raced his fields off their feet, plainly out
classing anything here, but the third
time out was inglorlously beaten in a
race captured by ostler Joe. He was
plainly "off " and if he faces the starter
good and right, the $5000 Labor Day handi
cap will be a gift for him. j
The stable of E. Lanigan, consisting of
Rubicon Roadwarmer. Scotch Rose,
Kaiser Ludwig and Tiny P, has made a j
sorry showing. The showing in recerit !
races made by Rubicon is truly Inex- i
plicable, the ' chestnut horse apparently
being unable to beat the cheapest sell
ing plater. It is said he Is a "dope
horse' If so his party must have lost the
prescription. The stable is managed by
Denny Lynch of Wyatt Earp-Sharkey- j
Fitzsfmmons fame, and he has made a
lorry botch of educating the backwoods
men as to how to bet their coin. ■
Rufus Narvaez. who rode at the Oak
land and San Francisco meltings last- j
winter, Is here, but gets few mounts. His
late efforts are not appreciated. '
On August 6 the chestnut horse Peixotto
outran himself, skimming off six furlongs
handily in 1:13%. A few days before, with
Sullivan on his back, he ran ; ahead of !
his number, spoiling a well planned coup. i
The final day of the meeting saw one of
the closest finishes ever witnessed on any
track May Beach. Maud Ferguson and
El Mido finishing short noses apart in a
five furlong handicap covered in -1:01.
Maud Ferguson with top weight up. 115
pounds, was best, hut Renuchamp tossed
it off. She is. a superb filly. . • .
OAKLAND'S PUBLIC PARKS.
Ordinances Passed to Print Provid
. "ing for a, Bond Issue.
OAKLAND.- Aug. 15.— Several important
matters ■wore, passed upon 1 by the Council
this evening. I The. ordinance calling for
an election for the purpose of issuing
$320,000 bonds for a public park and for
park improvements' was passed to print.
The money' is to be -expended as follows:
Two hundred and forty thousand dollars
for Adams Point. $20,000 for improving
West 'Oakland Park property, $10,000 for
Independence iSnuare. $50,000 for improve
ment of Adams Point, If purchased.
The Lake Merritt Sanitary. Improve-
I ment Club appeared to advocate the pas
sage, of the ordinance appropriating $SO. -
000 for- dredging. Lake Merrltt. but argu
, ment was unnecessary, as the . measure
was passed. to; print unanimously^- -The
only argument in Its behalf was mnd<- by
Senator Perkins. •'Councilman -Pringle
said there Is a .movement on foot to se
! cure a public" subscription Ito purchase
land on each side of the : Estuary : to be
filled In with the mud pumped from the
1 lake, ''• . •. .- --.:.■•'■■-.'.-.•■•••-;
Councilman Henneberry's c ordinance
prohibiting th« sale of cigarettes was also
passed to print.' . ■ ••' - ;" ; ': : . V
Granted a Divorce.
Mrs. Franeisea Hernzinger was granted
a divorce from Christian Hernzlnger on
the ground of desertion yesterday.
HAWAII NOT
FOR POOR MEN
The Rush of Travel to
the Islands.
CHANCES FOR EMPLOYMENT
CHARLES T. WILDER ON THE
ECONOMIC CONDITIONS.
The Laboring Man Is Advised Not
to Rush to Honolulu in Ex
pectation of Finding
Work.
The increase of Hawaiian traffic has
been very great of late and promises to
continue for some time. All classes and
conditions of people have been emigrat
ing to the islands— laboring men, artisans,
farmers and professional nun of all de
scriptions. The freight traffic has in
creased in an equal degree, showing a
new and greater activity in commercial
intercourse with the Islands.
But if the men most conversant with
the BOcJal and economic conditions of the
Hawaiian Islands know of what they
speak the emigrants who leave this coun
try with the purpose of gain-
Ing employment may meet with many
hardships before they attain success. The
competition of Japanese and Chinese
tabor si riously affeota the condition of
the workmen in agricultural pursuits an«j
all labor of a low trade. The higher
grades of labor will, of course, be open
to the white population almost exclusive
ly. The men who have lived in the
islands for years fear tins rushing of the
poorer classes of people to an isolated
land for the sole purpose of a living.
Charles T. Wilder, the Hawaiian Con
sul Qeneral, is strong in the belief that
Hawaii Is the country for the rich and
not the poor man. "It Is an undoubted
fact," he said yesterday, "that the
crowded condition of the steamers ply
ing between this port and Honolulu is due
to large increases of traffic, both freight
atnl passenger. When the Mariposa Bailed
she had on board ninety first-cabin pas
sengers bound for Honolulu, three of
whom were residents. The great portion
of these passengers went down on busi
ness of some son. either to make arecon
noissance for their principals or "to ob
serve for themselvirss. Twenty-live com
mercial travelers were on the Mariposa
when she left and they all had a com
mon destination — Honolulu.
"Every day J receive a bundle of let
ters from people asking my idyiee con
cerning employment la the Islands. I
counst-1 them t" stay at home, for it' they
! should prove unsuccessful they would
: then be thousands of miles from home
without the possibility of escape and
would be a burden on the community.
i The man with means will stand a great
deal better chance and there are great op
portunities for him. Tin only industries
that have been tried are Bugar and cof
1 fee raising. Tobacco has never bg< n
: given a trial, and If the proper methods
of raising and curing were put Into use
; Hawaii might produce very fine tobacco.
Hemp can 1" raised without any difficulty
, and r;uni'' alsi •.
"The !iusin< M posibilltlei are limited.
With the Increase of population and the
enlargement of industries the chances for
commercial enterprise will certainly be
augmented. The great growth of crowded
steamers may in a slight degree be caused
by the infrequent trips at the present
time, but the bulk of the traffic is due
to the rush of new people to the islands
since annexation."
OPENING NIGHT AT
THE IRISH FAIR
UNCLE SAM AND MISS EKIN TO
LEAD THE MARCH.
Speeches by Well-Known Orators and
Patriotic Music Features of
the Programme.
The manapement of the Irish Pair took
possession of the Mechanics' Pavilion > • -
terday with a lars/f force of workmen and
by 10 o'clock at night a considerable por
tion of the necessary work in erecting
lh.- booths had been accomplished. The
first structure that will be in position and
ready will be the historical Blarney
Castle. The arrangement of the floor in
dicates that there will be plenty of aisle
room, and that all of the beautiful
booths can be seen to the best advantage.
The office of Manager Buckley and the !
executive committee is now located at the !
Pavilion, everything being removed from
the Phelan building. The telephone num- i
tier of the Irish Fair is now South 720.
One of the features of the fair will be
an old-fashioned barn and dairy with all
the latest improved fittings in charge of
Miss Laura MeGuire as chairman. The
assistants are Miss Agnes Kendrick, Miss
Frankie Connell, Miss Julia Lmlhan, Miss
Kittle Dunn, Bliss Mollle Leahy, . Miss
May Walsh, Miss Kate Lahoy and Miss'
Stein and Miss Ringwood. The Irish Fair
has been donated a $100 Holstein cow and !
Calf for the dairy.
The organization of the committee in j
charge of the map of Ireland is now com
pleted and was yesterday, handed to the !
management as follows: Miss Nellie F.
Sullivan, chairman; Miss Josie T. Malloy, I
treasurer; Miss Annie T. Haggerty, secre- ;
tary; assistants — Miss May Kennedy, i
Miss Lulu Godse.ll, Mi:;* Belle Dunne,
Miss Josie Dodsell, Miss May Stein, Miss
Jennie Macauley, Miss Annie Flemming,
Miss Mollle Corrigan, Miss Josephine Kel
ley, Miss Lillie Manley, Miss Eva Don-:
elan. Miss I.illle Haggerty, Miss .. Mary! I
Donavan, Miss Mary Linehan^ Miss i
Annie Haggerty. Miss Sara Ormond, Miss
Nellie .Winters, Miss Daisy Keane, Miss
Ester Higgins, Miss Emma Gat el y; 'Miss
Annie Sullivan, Miss Emma Connell, Mrs.
Keller, Mrs. James Burke, Mrs. D. F. j
Keefe and Mrs. Dr. Lynch.
The arrangements --have been, completed
for, the opening night ceremonies. They
will consist first of a grand inarch, parti
cipated in by all the ladies of. the booths
and many of the gentlemen connected
with the organizations, and they will be i
led by. Mrs. F. . E. Dunne as Erin, with
L. Flynn as Uncle Sam. Benjamin M■-
Kinley (who is a nephew of the Presi
dent) bearing the American flag and C.
F. McCarthy bearing Erin's flag. Uncle
Sam will present Miss Erin with the
golden key of San Francisco. At the !
conclusion ; of the ceremony a chorus of j
500 voices and all the assistants In the |
booths will sing patriotic airs, the scene I
being rendered peculiarly impressive by
the waving of ' thousands of. American
flags. ■ .
Addresses will be delivered by Mayor
James D. Phelan. Hon. J. J. Dwyer, Presi
dent Jeremiah Deasy and a, welcome By
President James K. Kelly, president of
the honorary advisory hoard. Telegraphic
messages will be received by direct wire
to the Pavilion from; President McKinley
and organizations from outside the State,
and cablegrams from John Leary of Ire- !
land and John H. Parnell.. Mrs. A. M |
McCloskeyr who has charge !of the art
and loan exhibit. is meeting with splendid
success In receiving pictures.
wVINE TAX.
Champagne Need Not Be Stamped
Until Ready for Sale.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue
notified Collector LynCfa yesterday that
In case of genuine sparkling wines which
requin- certain manipulation before
reaching a finished itate, the Commis
sioner of Internal Revenue has decided
that the stnmpins of the bottle may be
dispensed with until such time as the
wine arrives at a marketable condition.
As soon aa the wines are in marketable
Condition the liability to tax at on^e
attaches and the stamp must be affixed.
Convicted of Burglary.
Edward IT. Holoman was convicted of
burglary in the first decree by a jury in
Judge Borden's court yesterday. On Peb
ruary 12 last he, assisted by GeV>rge Nel-
Bon, broke into and looted a cigar store
at 501 Montgomery avenue. When the
thieves #vere leaving the place they were
seen !>y two police officers, who gave !
phase and succeeded in capturing- Solo- !
man. Nelson, in order to avoid arrest. |
phot himself through the heart. Sentence
will be passed on Soloman next Saturday.
Money Not Forthcoming.
Attorney Fred McGregor swore to a
complaint in Judge Joachimsen's court
yesterday for the arrest of Robert L«.
Crooks, one of the beneficiaries of the
Crooks estate, on the charge of obtaining
money by false pretenses. In February
last Crooks obtained Jirom McGregor $7o
on the statement that the money would be
returned the next day by his attorney,
who had funds sufficient to cover the
amount. The attorney had no funds and
since then McGregor has been unable to
get back the $75.
■ ♦ .
Sudden Death of William Moore.
William. Moore, 70 years old, was found
dead yesterday morning in a hut that he
bad occupied for some time near Hunt
ers' Point. For the past two yews he
had be.en cared for by Henry Oertz, an
acquaintance. Moore was. sent to the
Almshouse recently, but took French
leave of that institution when asked to
work. He was a native of Germany, and
up to a few years ago had worked at the
cooper's trade. Death was the result of
sickness.
. » .
Sues for a Divorce.
Rebeea Lee filed suit yesterday lor n
divorce from J. W. T.ee. The plaintiff
alleges cruelty as a cause of complaint.
PROCLAMATION.
BTATE OF CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, .
SACRAMENTO. July 30th. 1898.
WHEREAS. The Legislature of the State of
California, at its thirty-second session begin-
lling; on the fourth day of January. A. D. IS9T,
two-thirds of all the members, elected to each
of the two houses of Raid Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the folio wins de-
scribed amendments to th» Constitution or the
State of California, to-wlt:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
41.) -V -
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California, an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows: • . .
Section 18. No county, city, town, township,
board of education, or school district shall In-
cur any indebtedness or liability In any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding In any year
the income and revenue provided for It tor
such year, without the assent of two-tnlras
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of Incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for tn*
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the. interest on such Indebtedness a* it falls
due. and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, -which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same; provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest theroon tor
materials furnished to and work don« for saia
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income ana
revenue of any succeeding year or yaars; pro-
vided, that any and nil claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,,
alley, court, place or pldewalk. or for the con-
struction of any sewer or eewers in Bald cuy
and county are hereby exrepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and in determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply In any man-
ner: and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo, in Solano County, may pay its exist-
ing indebtedness Incurred in the construction
of its waterworks, .whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at on election held tor
that purpose, shall SO decide. Any Indebted-
ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recltea.
shall be void.
A.MF.NDMKKT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the ton-
stitution of the State, by adding a new seo-
tlon, to be known and designated as section
seven and .one-half, article eleven .thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the Inhabitants or
counties, of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section TH. The Inhabitants of any county
may frame. a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-,
inafter specified. an* consistent with, and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State, ■
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders who
have been, for at least five years qualified
elector* of such county, to be elected by the
qualified. electors of such counts', at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty It snail be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act ror
«ucn county which shall :be signed In dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority "of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy :
to. be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
elia.il then be published In two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or If there be
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication It shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
rountv at a general or special election, and If
a maiorlty of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, an a whole. without
power of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
proved by a majority, of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of. the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county.
setting forth the 'submission of such county
government act to the electors, and Its ratifica-
tion hv them shall be ■ made in duplicate and
i"«lt,d. one in the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded in the
office of the recorder of deeds in the county,
am one the archives of the county. -.
All courts shall take Judicial -notice thereof.
tkb 'countv government act so ratified may be
amended at intervals of not less than two
vSrsby ' proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of • the county, to the
oualifled electors thereof, at a general or
*-.eclal | election held at least forty days after
the publication of such proposals for twenty
Juts In a newspaper of general circulation in
i'uch county and ratified by at least three-
flfths of the Qualified electors voting thereon,
and niMn-nv. by the Legislature as herein pro-
vided for tht .approval. of the county govern-
ment act In submitting any such county, gov-
ernment act any alternative article or proposl-
ti m ma- be presented' for the choice of the
voters and may be voted on separately with-
out prejudice to others.
It shall be competent- in nil county govern-
ment' acts framed under the authority Riven by
this section to provide for the manner in
which the times at which, and the terms for
which' the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed; for their compensa-
tion" for the number or such officers, for the
consolidation or eegregation_ or offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have.
and 'or the compensation payable to each of
such deputies, for the manner In which, the
times In which, and, the terms for which the
numbers of all boards of election shall be
:,. ( "l™r appointed: and for the constitution,
resul-ition compensation and government of
such boards, and of their clerks and attaches:
also to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted and. may In addition- determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may particl-
r/ate in any primary election •
Whenever any county has, In the monnerand
method herein pointed out. adopted any county
Government act and the same shall have 'been
?n i r.ved by ■ the Legislature as aforesaid, the
Sections of sections • four and five of this
♦? t» providing for the uniformity of a
«v«t«m of county governments throughout the
"tlte and llkcwlse%rovl<l!n B for- the election
and appointment of officers, and the re*u a-
fion of trislr compensation. shall not apply,
Raid county • government act shall as to any of
the • matter's herelnabove provided for and de-
ctar'Jd I v such county government act. not be
■übieci to any law or amendment enacted by
»h» T reißlnture. except by amendment first
submmed t o Ut the electors and- .atlfled In the
manner hereinabave. set forth.
; AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
tu ; ..•■■■ . 44.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
Btate of California an amendment to the Con-*
stitution of the State." by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to ■be known as the
Court of Claims. ■ The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows '•■[<■-.: L."* - „
Section. SVt. The Court. of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judcfts of the Superior Court,
who may he requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular; terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine ; all claims of every kind
and character .against the' State, under such
Jaw* as may be passed 'by the Legislature.' and
Its Judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
lows: - -:. - .'. : •■;".,' ■-' - : "■■ '.:' .■"...,':-.
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March; ; ■<:■.»■{ », .; . ; - , •
In the ■ City and County of San Francisco,
commencing on the second ■• Monday In r July.
»nd .. ..-„ . -a«wMgai»B>i>tiMTaiiiiiir^K»is>v. -;
in Use City or : Sacramento, mmmnnolng • oa.
y^^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
s S*M^'- i '" SKEAKXYST - EsfiblishPd
W^T I saUB Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ft <>25 KEABNT ST. EstiibllShPd
A in ISS» for the troalment of Private
frari mSi'MM. 1 Maeaoes, Lost Manhood. Debility or
"'seaso wearing on body and mind and
I V&Bre?W3 Skin Diseases. Tht.'doctorcureswhen
■ others fall. Try him. Charges low.
tn@a__a('nrex|;unrai]t<>rd. Callorwrite.
Dr. ■»• r. mBIIOJi. Box 1957, San Francisco.
BAILED AD TBAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST 'RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
fcvery Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car*
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Time:
JLeave San Francisco. 4:3o p. m., 5.M.T.W.T.F.3.
Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m.. W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis... 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago 8:00 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason-
able Rates. •'
YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
1* You Travel on the Santa Po.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE — MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Office— Broadway.
Saoramento Office— 2ol J Street. >•;;'.
San Jose Office— West Santa Clara Ski
the second Monday of November of each year.
The Judges holding such term of court shall
receive no extra compensation therefor, but
shall -receive their actual expenses, to be paid
out of the general fund of the State treasury.
The Legislature shall enact all laws necessary
to organize such court, to provide the pro-
cedure thereof and to carry out the provisions
of this Faction.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR-
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
!";.■-: No. 37.)
A resolution to propose to the people of tha
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, amending article eleven,
by adding- a new section thereto, to be known
as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. Tha
said proposed new section to read as follows:
Section By,. The provisions of sections four
and live of this article shall not, nor shall any
legislation' passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
1 have become, or Bhall become, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under section
eight of this article. - 4 --\v:'Y.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. ,36.)
A resolution to propose to the people of thd
State of California, an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen pf article five of tha
Constitution of ■ the State of California, by
which it is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows:
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall ba
elected at the same time and place and In tha
tame manner as. the Governor, and his term of
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He. shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
Section IG. In case of the impeachment of
the Governor, or bis removal from office, death,
inability to discharge the powers and duties
of his office, resignation, or absence from tha
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for tha
residue of the term, or until the disability
shall cease. And should the Lieutenant Gover-
nor bo impeached, displaced, resign, die, or
become incapable of performing; the duties of
his office, or be absent rrom the State, the
president pro tempore of the Senate shall act
as Governor .until the vacancy in the office of
Governor shall be filled at the next general
election when members of the Legislature shall
be chosen, or until such disability of the Lieu-
tenant Governor shall cense. In case of a va-
cancy In the office of Governor for any of tha
reasons above named, and neither the Lieu-
tenant Governor nor the president pro temporo
of the Senate shall succeed to the powers and
duties of Governor, then the powers and duties
of such office shall devolve upon the Speaker
of the Assembly, until the office of Governor
shall be filled at such general election.
.-..:. AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX. ; "
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38).
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to Section
six. Article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools by
which it Is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school .system shall in-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools,
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall include schools organized in a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand inhabitants, In
which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific department or the Uni-
versity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 8«. -
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to Section
two of Article lour of the Constitution, In rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
Is proposed to amend said section to read aa
follows:
Section ■2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of its members,
and shlail be biennial unless the Governor shall
In the interim convene, the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
la session for twenty-five days, after which it
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
: nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fail to agree
upon' a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall ba
i within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling, the Legislature shall complete Its
session. No pay shall be allowed to member*
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
no bill shall be Introduced In either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without, the consent of three-fourths of the-
members thereof.
NOW. THEREFORE, Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval,'.' approved March 7. A. D. 1883,
the above-described Proposed amendments are
hereby published and, advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of th«
State, at th election to be held throughout
this State on .
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8. A. D. 1893.
The said proposed amendments are to he sep-
arately voted upon 'n manner and form as fol-
lows: l»
Each ballot used at Mich election must con-
tain written or printed thereon ■ the following
words, whereupon the voter. may express his
choice as provided by UtW.
Amendment Number One. being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
- City and County of San Fnanclsco, and
the existing Indebtedness of the City Yea
of Vnllejo for the construction of Its-
water works from the provisions of t No
the Constitution, requiring such claims
to be paid from the Income and reve- ",;.'..;.■
mies of the year in which they were
incurred). • ''■'%.' :
■'■ For the Amendment? . .
Amendment Number Two, being Senate
Constitutional Amendment No. .10 Yes
■ (providing for framing local county
government acts by Inhabitants of{ No
counties for their government). . 1
For- the Amendment? '.;' t" (
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- f
ate Constitutional Amendment No. I
■ 44 (providing for the creation of a |
Court of Claims to. determine claims ' Yea
■ against the State, and to consist .of- ,- .
three Superior Judges designated by : No
the : Governor to serve .. without extra ■
compensation). . -
For the : Amendment? . .-:-.:,y_f : vi'.O
Amendment Number Four, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 87 (exempting consolidated cities Yes
and counties, organized .or to be or- -
ganize.d, 'or holding a charter un- No
der the Constitution,' from certain leg- '
islation "in ' relation to counties).
For the Amendment? - ;
Amendment Number Five, .' being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor, Yea
• providing ■■ for succession thereto in
certain cases and removing, disutility. No
of Lieutenant- Governor from holding ■'..-.
Other office during term). ;
For the Amendment? ■<■■■■
Amendment Number Six, being Aasem- '
' bly Constitutional Amendment No. 38 Xe-i
(relating to > and - denning Grammar' ■ -
. Schools). .-";."•-', < '•■ No
For. the Amendment? . , *•..■.■/-. »/, T^ ' ■
Amendment Number Seven, being As-
sembly Constitutional- Amendment -
No.- 34 -(providing for adjournment of Ye«
, Legislature for not . less -. than thirty — — '
nor more than sixty days during each No'
session). ' ' *. ' " ;■'■
For \ the .Amendment? •"'_
"Witness my hand : and ' the Great Seal ■of th*
State of , California,' the day and year herein
first' above written. . - . . .■. ■
. JAMES H. BUDD. Governor.
Attest:. I*. H. "BROWN, Secretary «X Stat*, I
.-tSEAI»I "■ '-- "■- ■ ■ ,■'.--:- ;■.,
RAILROAD TBAVEL.
MOUTH UK* I'Afll'lO COMI'AJfT.
ll'ACIflO SVSTKM.) . -I '
Trnlm lei»»c mid ara <!«<• to »itlt«b at
san rHARt'IM'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
tBAVB — From July 10, 1898. — ARRIVE
•(•.:OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... *8s 18*
7:OOa Kenicia, Suisiui ami Sacramento 10:45 a "
7:OOa MarjSTillc, Orovillt! and Redding vi»
Woodland •. 3:45p
7:00 a Elniira. Vacaville and Rumsey »:4op
7:3« Martinez, Ban R-umin, Vallejo, Napa, -
■ Caliatoga and Santa Hosa.. 8:15p
S:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogdeu and Kant.. . »:■*»»
»i:»«a ban .lose, Stockton, Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, M»ry»»iil«,
Chico, Tehama and Red 1i1u1t.... ' *'•***
«*: :»Oa reters, Oakdale *nd Jamestown. ... £«■•*
I > .H:3«a Miitoa .:..... »7ilsp
!»:<m»a New Orleans Impress. Merced, Free-
. no, Kakerstiuld. Santa iUthxn, - .
Lob AiiKcles, Demine. El l'a«o.
1 New Orleans and East et4.l*
IO:OOa Vail. jo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:15p
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer I Steamers «»:O«i-
Sail Jose, Niles and Way Stations... J»:lsa
2:OOp Livermore, Mendota, Uanford and ,
Visalia 4:15*
LiTermcro, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations :10:13a
4:<lOp Martinez, Han Ramon. VaUejo.
Napa, Callstoga, K.I Verano and
Santa Rosa .'.....' »il»*
4:00p Eenioia, Vaoaviile, Woodland,
Kulguts Landing, Mary»TiUe, Oro- - i
Tille and Sacramento 10:43*
4:SOp Niles. San Jone, Tracy and Stockton 7:15p
4:30p Stockton and Lodi 12:15*
*:3Of Laturop, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
MujaTe, Sauta Barbara and Los
Angeles 7143*
4:30p Mirtiaez. Merced (Raymond for
Yosemiteland Fresno I**ls»-
4:!lOp Santa Pa llonte, Atlantic Express
forMojiiTeandEa.it  6:4.1
6:OOi> Kttropeau Mail, Ogden and East.... «:45a
•SiUUr Vallejo 1»:1»P
fI:«MM> IliiyiviinlH, Nii.-«*n.( .San Jose 1:43*
t'sOOp Vallejo, Port Ofcsta and Way Sta-
tions i"'*"
SiUOr Oregon Express, Bncranio>'*o, Marys-
vlllc. Ued.liiiK, Port. and, Puget
t H<.-:,il aii.V Kant ■■ »»I»A
SAN IiK.iMiKU AMI lIAYWAUHS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) . -■■'■,
\ iOelrufce, Seminary Park, ( 7:1.1 a
S:OOa Fitrhhurx, Flinliurst, '!0:1! 0: 15 A -
,S'!!H A San Lean.iro. South Saa J i l'^ v
t\°l\oZ Leandro, »>t».Hllo, J«:«;
ti2:OOM ' , liorenio, (nerry " ji:4.i
/ <3:0«p . . and :«:4.1*
S:OOP Hiiyttiinis. tSs4SF
7:UOp i Runs through to Niles. 7:43p
) t F#m Niles. I
COAST DIVISION (.Narrow 0»u&e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
t?t45A Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cms
and Principal Way Stations |B>O3r
1 5 A Newark, Oen San Jose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Oruz and Way
- --- Stations 5«30p
•2>lSp Newark. Oenterrille, San Jose, New
AlmaJt'u, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations »JO:SOa
4:1 San Jose, Glenwood * Way Stations Oz2Oa.
, c4: l3p Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz j»:a»A
| CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
I from SAN FSIXCISOO — FMt of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 13:00 a.m. Jl:03 *2:00 |3:CO
•4:00 ; • tC:O3 *6:Mr.M.
FromOllUHD— Foot of Broadway.— -6:09 8:00 10:00 A.M.
U2:CO *l:00 t2:00 *3:00 11:08 *8:00r.».
i COAST IHVISION (Droad Osage). "~"
', (Third and Townssnd Sts.)
*7:OOa Ban Jobo and Way Stations (New
Almadan Wednesdays only) ls3op
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations JSia3*
9:00 a Nan Jose, Tits Plnos, Santa Cruz,
Paoilic GroTe. l'aso Rubles, San
liiiis Oiiispo, (iiiadalups, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:10p
IO:4Oa Hail .lose ami Way Stations «8:«0a
11::IOa San Jose and Way Stations *Bi33*
*2:45r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park. '
i Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Baa J<ise.
Gilroy, Hollister, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific '--i '
CroTe..... »IO:30i.
•3: p San Jose and Way Stations «oo a
i •4:13p San Jose and Principal Way Stations U:43a
i •3:O«lp San Jose and Principal Way Stations «:»3A
S:3Op San Jose and Principal Way Stations s:ltop
O::iOr San Jose and Way Stations 7:3op-
i fll:15i- San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
A for Morning. 1" for Afternoon.
!• Sundays excepted. t Sundays only, i Saturdays only '
j Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANCISCO and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
1 WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.. 12:35,
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. in. Saturdays — trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:00. 9:80, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, »:S9.
6:00 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:19 a. m.: 12:45.
I 8:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
I 1:K and 6:35 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
6:00. 6:25 p. m.
I Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park:
same schedule as above. ■
Leave . Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
j — , June 29, <
Week ] Sun- ISOB. Sun- I Week
Days. I days. Destination. days. | Days. ■
7:33 am 8:0 am Novato, 10:40 am B:4oam
B:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:10 10:25
I 6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton;
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
. Healdsburg, ■-. ;.;.!-;;;
Lytton,
Geyserville,
B:Sopm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:22
7:Soam| i Hopland and I |10:25 am
B:3o pm| 8:00am| .Ukiah. [ 7:33 pm| 6:22pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm '
I 8:30 pm * «:22pm
1 7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
j 6:lopm s:oopm Glen Ellen. | 6:lopm 6:22pm
7-30 am S^OOaml Sebastopol. 10:40 am|10:25 am
3:3opm| s:oOpm| | 7:3s pm| 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
■ Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
gerville for Skagps Springs; at Cloverdale tor
the. Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
Lake, Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's, River-
side, Lierley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heishts.
Hullville. Boonevitle. Orr"s Hot Springs. Men-
docino City. Fort Bragg, Westport. UsaL
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. •■■ ;•>?•■:
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bids.
A W. FOSTER. R- X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
y;-, SaufsaHto Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, *S:00. »a:3O, 11:00 a. m.;
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, •6:00. .6:30 p. in.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday*.
i Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at it: 3*
P 'SUNDAYS— »8:00, *9:00. '10:00, 11:00, 11:30
1 a. m.; 1:00. *1:45. *2^SO, '4:00, 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11-00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sundays.
I 6-30 p m does not run to Mill Valley Sundays.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:25, "5:35. 7:55. 8:25, «9:50
a m.; »li:20. 2:10, *3:40, 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
' 'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. •-■ - --
SUNDAYS-7:00, "8:00, »9:45, *10:45. 'ItMS
i~m- 1-00 2:20. *3:30, '5:15, '6:00, 7:00 p. m.
Trains "marked * start from San Quentln.
FPOM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:45, 6:45, 7:55, 8:43, 10:19
a m: 12:40, 2:2,', 3:55, 4:55, 5:20 p. m. •
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday* .
and* Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.: 12:05. 1:20.
2-40 3:55. 5:30. 6:30 p. m.
THROUGH .TRAINS.
7-00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
' 8-20 p. m. — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
! 6:16 p. m. week days (Saturday excepted)— To-
j males and way stations. •
! 8:00 a. m Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
; 1:45 p. m. Sundays— Reyes and way ata'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JQAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jane 1, 1833, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound. |
Pass-en- I Mixed, : Mixed, I Passen-
ger, 1 Sunday ( Sta- Sunday i ger.
j Daily. Exc'pted tlons. Exc'ptedl Dally.-
7:20 a m 9:00 a m Stockton 3:45 p m 5:40 p m
; 9:10 a m 12:00 pin Merced 12:50 pm 3:53 p m
10:40 am 3:50 p m Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:35 a m 6:45 pm ■ Hanford 7:45 am 125 p m
■ 2:45 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rsfld i 2:30 a m 10:15 a m
! 12:05 pin 7:50 pml : Visalia | 6:40 a m 12:55 p m
•stopping at intermediate points as required. •
Connections — At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at •
f. jr dally; at Mprc-^iiWith stages to and from
i Bnellings, Coultervllle, ' Yosemite, etc.; also
with stage from Horn itos, Mariposa. etc.; at
La»»kershim with stage to and from Madera. .■
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY. ::
(Via Baasalito Ferry.) •
. Leave San Francisco, commencing May 1,
189S: :■:/ • , • r • .
Week Days— 9:So a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. m. .
Sundays— B :Co, 9:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:45 and
2:30 p. m. .
; Round trip from Mill Valley, $1. •■
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, 621 Market
street. San Francisco. ' ' ' • •
X. HESS, v
. .I';- NOTARY PUBLIO AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
■ Tenth Floor Room . 1015, Claus SpreckeU Bids.
Telephone Brown 931. - - . ■
Residence, , 921 California at., ; below ; rotrflU. •
• 1 San Francisco.
1112
TROUBLES OF
TWO TURFMEN
Brenock's Version of Big
Ed's Actions.
CICERO CLUBBERS CLUBBED
PASSING OF THE SUCCESSFUL
STALLION, SURINAM.
Tod Sloan Signs to Ride for Sidney
Paget for the Balance of This
Season — Race Track
Gossip.
John Brenock. Ed Corrlgan"s former
friend and partner, jyu now his deadly
enemy, had the following to say in the
Chicago Inter Ocean of Corrigan's state
ment that he (BrenoclO Was a debtor and
not a creditor of the Chicago Racing As
sociation.
For pure, refined and unadulterated nerve
' 'Corrlpan's statement is entitled to first prise.
' ■" The tact of the matter Is that in lbSl one of
our land notes became due and the assocla
• tton had no funds to meet the payment on the
earne. Corrigan offered to mortgage his horses
and James C. Burke whatever property he
had that was not then mortgaged; but between
them it was not possible to. raise the amount
due— sl7,ol*). It became necessary for me, for
• •mv own protection, to raise the money, which
I 'did. through S. W. Allerton. from S. B.
Cobb, I appearing as a signer and indorser
• with Mr. Allerton. The money thus raised
• was placed to the credit of James C. Burke
" I--, error, on account of the Ignorance of Sec
retary Kuhl, who knows very little about
J keeping books. James C. Burkes stock was |
attached to the note as security, but mine- j
never. When the note became due it was paid |
by the association and charged to Burke s j
account, he having erroneously received credit
before. An astonishing fact, not mentioned
■ by rorrigan, is that in the fall of 108 or early
' in 1886 he very generously sent me $20,000
worth of stock In the Ingleslde track. Now,
does it stand to reason that he would do this
•were I Indebted to the association some $50,000?
On the contrary, the books will show that I
was a creditor to the amount of 130.000, while
Corrigan was a debtor for something over |
•;..J40,000. Any one knowing Corrlgan will ap- I
preciate his generous disposition in presenting
'me with $20,000 and then bringing suit for
- $60,000. I instructed my attorneys last winter
.to have this suit pushed to a hearing, but
they were unable to accomplish It. "The thing
. In a nutshell," as Corrigan says, Is simply j
' "rot," and his suit last year against me was j
. for the purpose solely of bolstering up his
credit fo that he could mortgage the property
for enough to pay his gambling and other per
sonal debts. As to the signature being torn
"off the note, I am Informed by our bookkeeper
. that It was invariably his rule and custom
to tear off the signature of every note we
made after the same was paid.
■ The raid of last Saturday afternoon was
the outgrowth of the trouble between
Brenock and Corrigan, and the former Is j
•■said to have directed the movements of I.
the force of deputy constables which was i
so ingloriously beaten back at Cicero with |
clubs clutched by the Corrigan crowd j
■ after an hour's fight. One constable was
. "out" for over an hour, and Corrigan him- i
■self had a fist fight with his former part- '[
tier, John Burke, at Hawthorne. The dis- j
patches did not say which won, but as >
, ''Big Ed" and a lot of his track officials ;
end Lessee George Rose were afterward
placed under arrest by a lone deputy it is
assumed that he was not at the point of
death after the Burke battle. And the end
Is not yet.
. ■ The San Francisco firm of H. F. Ed
.. wards & Co., of which Joe Langendorfer
" Is a member, were very successful at Ana- '
conda last Saturday, Lady Ashley and !
Etta H of their string finishing In front in !
good shape. Torsion of the late B. C. !
Solly's stable and Encino, by Imp. Brutus,
also won on the same date. This Is Just a
fair sample of the way California-bred
horses ran at the Montana meetings.
A famous thoroughbred stallion died a
few days aero on Thomas W. Moore's
place near Santa Barbara, CaJ. Refer- I
ence is made to Surinam, son of Joe
Hooker and Ada C. by Revenue. This j
horse finished first in the California an- I
nual and autumn stakes as a two-year- i
old, but was each time disqualified. As
a three-year-old he captured the Pacific
Derby, one and a half miles, in 2:38%, 119
pounds up; the Tidal stakes, one and a
quarter miles, and at the far East, In the
colors of the late United States Senator
George Hearst. Surinam won a mile and
a quarter race in 2:09%, beating a good
field. While racing around New York j
he beat Eurus, the Suburban handicap |
winner, Boas, Goano, Aretlno, Conne- j
mara. The Bourbon and other celebrities.
Among the small lot of Surinams that
first appeared on the turf was the iron
constitutioned Armltage, who won four
straight races against the best young
sters in the far East, and was then sold
at auction to Richard Croker. the Demo
cratic "boss" of New York, for $8000. Ar
mltage won many times, and was sent to
England. Flashlight, a brother to Armi
tage, was a two-year-old stakewlnner
that carried 123 pounds and ran seven
furlongs in 1:27%. This horse has prob
ably run miles in 1:40 or close to it oftener
than any animal ever known, and has
won several times "over the sticks," too.
Others by Surinam were: Palmacita. Ex
aminer, Little Bob (winner of the four
mile stake at Inglesid* In 1897) and Don I
Clarencio. During the past four years ]
•Surinam has been on Mr. Moore's farm
■ near Santa Barbara, and that gentleman
has something like twenty-five of his sons
and daughters on the place. It was Moore
who bought Flashlight as a yearling for
$000 and was so enamored of his purchase
that when the sire was put up at auction
'• at the Hearst estate sale late in Novem
ber, 1833, he secured Surinam, who was a
success both as a racehorse and sire.
Tod Sloan has signed to ride the horses
of Sidney Paget and ex-Secretary of the
Navy W. C. Whitney, for the balance of
this season. Some talk was indulged in
relative to his piloting race horses for
Messrs. Paget and Whitney in 1899, but
nothing definite was agreed upon.
Plaudit is dangerously sick at Saratoga
with lung- fever. He is owned by ex
.Secretary of the Navy Whitney. He won
the Kentucky Derby, Clark stakes.Lato
' nia Derby and Buckeye stakes this sea
son, and is valued at $25,000.
■ Dawn of Day, dam of the good per
former. Cash Day, recently died at Mc-
Grathiana Stud, near Lexington. Ky. She
was foaled In 1&S0 and by Ozark—
Sunny South (dam of Harry O'Fallon),
by Irish Birdcatcher and Metalre, who
■won a "gentlemen's race" at Ingleside
last winter, when- at odds of 50 to 1.
Twlnkler won on August 9 at Saratoga.
The Brutus colt was entered as the prop
erty of Mrs. S. C. Hlldreth. , .'--.
Two sons of Imp. Order, for which J. B.
. Haggin gave $26,000 last fall, won at St.
Louis. August 9. They were Ed Farrel
and Rebel Jack. At Saratoga, on the
• same date, Hitee and High Jinks, by
Himyar, won the first two events on the
. day's card, while Estaca and Flavius. by
the Santa Anita horses. Emperor of Nor
folk and Volante, were among the win-
ners.
W. C. Whitney. ex-Secretary of the
Navy, has purchased the grand three
year-old filly Martha II of H. Tommy
Griffin; consideration $4000. at which figure
Phe is a bargain. In the Whitney stable
j* Jean Beraud, the crark two-year-old of
America. The $25,000 Plaudit, now very
Pick is also the property of the multi
millionaire, and the string is managed and
supposed to be owned in part by Sidney
Paget. Mr. Whitney's son-in-law. Martha
started her racing career in California,
and won many good contests while In the
Golden State.
The Jockey Club stewards took cog
nizance of the crookedness practiced at
Brighton Beach by ruling off, at thr-lr last
Wednesday night's meeting. G. B. Patter
eon, owner of the horse Burlesque, and
William Cheritan, owner of the California
bred horse Our Johnny. The famous John
J. MeCnfferty's jockey license was re
voked. The license of Our Johnny's train
er. James Sennet, was likewise revoked.
The entries of G. B. Patterson and Wil
liam Cheritan will be refused on all
courses racing under the Jurisdiction of
the Jockey Club. Patterson Is a brother
of Charley Patterson, formerly owner of
the famous Ornament, and Sonnet was
the senior member of the racing firm of
Rinnet & Warn, who used to own Eclipse
and others.
The New York Sun declares that Tod
Sloan's salary for riding the Whttney-
Paget horses during the rest of this sea
son and during 1899 will be $25,000.
Rebel Jack's owners. Nolan & Tholl of
Texas, who raced here last winter and
spring, have been suspended at St. Louis
for the in-and-out running of the Order
colt. It Is suspected Jaok is now cunning
enough to read the odds on the book
makers' boards.
PUTTING SPAWN
IN STREAMS
Thousands of Trout Fry
to Be Planted.
GOOD SPORT FOR ANGLERS
LAQUNITAS AND PAPER MILL
CREEKS FAVORED.
In the Next Two Weeks Near By
Streams Will Be Filled With
Young Fish.
Local anglers will, doubtless, be pleas
ed to learn that the State Fish Commis
sioners have concluded to thoroughly
stock the Lagunitas and Paper Mill
creeks with trout fry.
The Call has frequently stated that the
prospect for the next few years of trout
flphlng In coast streams was anything but
favorable, because of the past exceeding
ly dry winter and the inability of the
breeding ilshes to reach their spawning;
grounds.
It is n well-known fact that a large per
centage of the steelheads which attempt
ed to reach the head waters of the coast
streams last winter were land-locked in
tide-waters and doubtless many of them
spawned there. But thanks to Fish Com
missioner Vogelsang, a thorough stocking
of the coast streams will very materially
assist to keep up ihe supply of finny in
habitants.
To-morrow Deputy Fish Commissioner
Cross and an assistant will go to San
Anselmo station with five cans of trout
fry supposed to contain 25,000 fishes of the
cutthroat and rainbow trout variety. At
a point about one mile below Libertys in
the headwaters of Lagunitas creek the fry
will be deposited. On Saturday next a
second consignment consisting of 50.000
fry will be placed in the Lagunitas creek
and its tributaries which are within easy
reach of Lagunltas station. In the fol
lowing week the San Gregorio and Pesca
dero creeks will be stocked with trout fry.
all of which goes to prove that the present
Board of Fish Commissioners is alive to
the pleasure and interest of the local an
gling fraternity.
BOBBED A SAILOR.
Frank Clayton and L. B. Barnett Fol-
lowed by Their Victim and
Captured.
Frank Clayton and L. B. Barnett were
arrested at an early hour yesterday
morning by Policeman Clarke and booked
nt the City Prison on a charge of rob
bery. The complaining witness is John
Erlckson, a sailor.
Erickson was walking along Kearny
street and seeing two men standing on
the corner of Pine he went over to them
and asked them to show him the way
to the water front. One of them pin
ioned his arms to his sides and the other
went through his pockets, relieving him
o? $1 50, his knife and scarfpin. He
pleaded with them to return his money,
and they each gave him 10 cents.
Erickson followed them to California
street and Quincey place, and when they
started to run he yelled for the police.
Clarke was close at hand and placed
thi-m under arrest. Yesterday morning
Erickson swore to complaints in Judge
Conlan's court charging Clayton and
Barnett, who were the two men, with
robbery. He got back from them his
knife and scarfpin.
Clayton was arrested about two weeks
ago by Detectives Gibson and Wren
while in the company of a well-known
ex-convict, and wnen searched a bottle
of "knock-out" drops was found In his
pocket. He was charged with vagrancy,
and when the case was tried before
Judge Mogan Clayton put up such a
good defense that the Judge took pity
upon him and gave him a chance to lead
a better life. He obtained employment
in a restaurant at 20 Stockton street, and
the Judge received a letter from his em
ployer stating that he was an exemplary
young man.
BITUMINIZED PAVEMENTS.
Police Judges Not Backing Up the
Police in Enforcing the Or
dinance.
Chief Lees recently Issued Instructions
to the police to arrest all teamsters who
violated the ordinance providing that on
bituminized pavements where there are
car tracks no vehicle shall be driven
with one wheel on the track and the
other on the pavement. Since then thir
ty-seven arrests have been made, but no
fine has been imposed by any of the
Police Judges, on the ground that the
teamsters should receive sufficient warn
ing before punishing them.
The police think- it is about time that
an example should be made of those vio
lating the ordinance. They are put to
the trouble of making arrests and swear-
Ing to complaints without any result. The
ordinance was passed to protect the pave
ments from unnecessary destruction, and
as it entails no hardship on teamsters
to drive on both rails of me car tracks
or on the pavement itself, they think
that their efforts to enforre the ordi
nance should be backed up by the Police
Judges.
BOOTBLACKS FIGHT.
Joseph Rossi and G. Annutzi Have
Each Other Charged With As
sault With a Deadly
Weapon.
Joseph Rosst, a bootblack at Third and
Mission streets, was arrested yesterday on
a charge of assault with a deadly weapon.
The complaining witness is G. Annutzi, 40
South Park.
It appears that Annutzi called at Rossi's
stand a week ago to negotiate for its pur
chase. He had in his arms his baby, about
a year old. Rossi and Annutzi could not
agree upon the terms and a tight ensued.
Rossi seized one of the foot rests and
struck at Annutzi, but missed him and
hit the baby on the base of the skull. The
baby is now In a critical condition. An
nutzi pulled out a knife and cut Rossi on
the arm. . M
Rossi had Annutzi arrested for assault
with a deadly weapon and the case was
called in Judge Joachimson's court yester
day and continued till Friday. Then An
nutzi swore to a complaint against Rossi.
C. W. MAN WAKING'S ESTATE.
It Consists of a Life Insurance Policy
and Stocks in Corporations.
Amelia Manwaring, mother of Charles
W. Manwaring, who died In this city a
few days ago, has applied for letters of
administration upon the estate of the de
ceased. The estate left by the well-known
politician is valued at about $10,000. It
consists of a life insurance policy of. $5000
and shares in the Coffee and Commercial
Company, the Monte Grand Coffee and
Commercial Company, the Rand Moun
tain Mining Company, the Treasury
Register Company, the Mechanics' Build
ing and Loan Association, the Amelia
Gold Mining Company, the Dreisman
Gold Mining and Milling Company and
tn"e Dutch Mining and Milling Company,
the exact value of which is unknown.
Mrs. Manwarlng is the only heir to the
estate.
Withholds His Support.
The Society for the Prevention of Cruel
ty to Children is endeavoring to compel
Oscar Olsen to provide for his wife and
three little children, who live at 127 West
Mission street. Olsen is a glass . worker
and . when - he wishes can make good
wages. The wife states that he does not
provide for the family and - recently « she
asked her husband's employers to hold out
a part of his . wages for her. which they
were willing to do. When Olsen heard of
this he refused to work any longer ,and so
the society had to. take. hold of the case.
... ;;.>■, — " ■ ♦ ■ ."/. " '. . ' "„'."' : ■ -
Big crowds dally enjoy delicious r>c sweet
j wlncti. Sample free; gallon or bottle. Mohrm &
! Kaltenbaoh, Family Liquor*. 23 Market »t.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 16, 1898.
MILLER MOVES
HEADQUARTERS
THIS MORNING
From Camp Merrittto
the Presidio.
BATTFRY A SAILS FRIDAY
A YEAR'S PROVISIONS TO BE
TAKEN TO ALASKA.
Another Detachment of the New-
York Regiment to Be Sent to
Honolulu in a Few
Days.
l r
Brigadier General Miller will to-day
move the headquarters of the Independ
ent Division, Eighth Army Corps, from
Camp Merritt to the Presidio. The troops
now at Camp Merritt will remain there
at least this week, or until information
Is received whether or not General Mer
ritt needs any more soldiers. In the
event that he does not. the troops will
be moved to the Presidio and await fur
ther orders.
Battery A, Third Artillery, in com
mand of Lieutenant McManus, will sail
for St. Michael on Friday or Saturday
on a vessel that will be selected to-day.
Bids for the battery's transportation
will be opened this afternoon by Major
Long, who will immediately award the
contract to the most acceptable bidder.
The vessel will carry a hundred tons of
provisions, sufficient to last the com
mand until next August, and also to sup
ply the temporary needs of quite a num
ber of destitute men. The battery will be
well equipped with Arctic clothing and
other articles necessary in the Arctic re
gions.
There Is no change in the situation re
garding the Arizona and Scandla. These
transports, however, may be sent to Ma
nila with supplies for the troops. It will
be fully a week before word is received
from General Merritt signifying his
wishes in regard to the remaining ex
peditionary forces.
THE HONOLULU GARRISON
More New Yorkers Soon to Go
to Hawaii— Other Events
at the Presidio.
From the developments of yesterday it
would appear that the remaining compa
nies of the First New York Regiment,
now at th. Presidio, will be sent to Hono
lulu within the next week. Lieutenant
Colonel Stacpole was at department head
i Quarters yesterday to see General Mer
riam. and he stated last night that he
had great hopes that his regiment would
'be sent to Hawaii In a few days. Definite
j orders regarding the sending of the New
I York soldiers will probably be issued by
! General Merriam to-day. It may be that
only three of the five remaining compa
nles will form the next detachment to
i leave. These companies will go on the
transport Alliance, and the other two
companies will follow on a regular pas
senger steamer.
There were no deaths yesterday at the
: division hospital. Four men were sent
I home on sick furloughs and thirty-two
! were discharged as being cured. Trooper
< A. "W. Luff of the Utah Cavalry Is In the
i post hospital, where he lies at the point
of death with bronchitis.
First Lieutenant de Ford, Twentieth
j Kansas, has tendered his resignation to
('<>!nnel Funston, in order that he may re
turn to his home at Ottawa, Kans. , to
! enter the contest for County Attorney.
! Lieutenant de Ford gave up a fine law
i practice to enter the a«my. He Is one of
the most prominent young attorneys of
i Ottawa.
Trouper Miller, Fourth United States
Cavalry, while out with his troop yes
terday was thrown from his horso and
painfully bruised about the face.
A ENERGETIC OFFICER,
Whose Promotion in the Vol
unteer Service Has Probably
Been Overlooked.
There is at military headquarters in this
i city an officer whose varied and extensive
j duties have been performed with such
i unobtrusiveness that to many of the peo
ple of San Francisco he is not known,
yet his range of services has comprised
the conducting of the business of the
chief quartermaster's office. Department
of California, and the transaction of the
business of quartermaster at the Presidio,
having also in his charge the garrisons
at Fort Point. Fort Baker, Camp Miller
I and ('amp Merriam at Santa Cruz, and
: at the samp time supplying Camp Mer
j ritt. This officer Is Captain C. B. Thomp
son quartermaster, I'nlted States army.
I whose services, so well performed, have
i received the full appreciation of his su
| periors in this department for hia zeal
and ability.
An officer of the general staff yesterday
called attention to the singular fact that
of all the promotions in the volunteers
of officers of the regular service Captain
Thompson Had received no recognition.
"He remains a captain," said the officer,
"when he should be, by reason of his
position a lieutenant colonel. Probably
this Is an oversight by the appointing au
thority at Washington. In that case, it
should be corrected at once by his prompt
advancement."
GOOD WORKOFTHE LADIES
Catholic Truth Society Receives
Appreciative Letters and Im
proves Its Facilities.
Letters from volunteers at Manila and
in the East, formerly stationed at Camp
Barrett, Oakland, are being constantly re
ceived by Mrs. John Lynch, president of
the Catholic Truth Society, attesting their
appreciation of the benevolence and tire
less work being done by the society.
The average daily mail from Camp Bar
rett, for which stamps are furnished free
by the Catholic Truth Society, Is about
200 letters. The work has so increased
since Its organization in May that it is
now divided into five districts, conducted
under the drectlon of Mrs. Lynch by the
following-named ladles:
Mrs. J. J. Cadogan. Mrs. Davis. Miss
Wohlfrom. Miss Hallahan, Miss D. Lucas,
Miss Mollie Millon, Miss Mollie McKee,
Miss H. Cushing. Miss R. Clarke. Mrs. E.
B. Cushing, Miss M. McCall, Miss A. Mc-
Call, Mrs. H. Coleman, Mrs. McGinnls,
Mrs. T. McCarthy, Mrs. Sherry.
THE GOOD WORK GOES ON.
The Christian Commission
Continues to Provide for
the Soldiers' Welfare.
At a meeting of the executive com
mittee of the Army and Navy Christian
Commission at the Occidental Hotel yes
terday afternoon, B. C. Wright presiding.
It was reported that diet kitchens had
been established In connection with the
commission tents in the Kansas and New
York regiments, and tnat a new addi
tional tent had been erected in the Ten
nessee Regiment. The large tent of the
commission formerly In this regiment was
given to Dr. Barr, surgeon of the Ten
nessee Regiment, for hospital purposes.
Grateful Soldiers.
The men of Company X, Eighteenth
United States Infantry, have sent to the
Army Christian Commission a letter of
thanks for the many kindly and timely
generous acts performed for them. The
men are especially thankful for the ad
vantages and pleasures afforded by the
reading and writing tents, and for the va
rious entertainmentß that bar* been glr~
en. "We desire," says the letter, "to con
vey our heartfelt thanks to the noble wo
men whose gracious presence from day to
day has been to us an inspiration, a bless
ing and a help. To them no thanks merely
spoken can express the measure of love
and appreciation that their sacrifices for
our sake have aroused In our hearts. * *
Our lasting prayer is that life will shower
upon you all the blessings and all the hap
piness that it has to offer."
Will Drill for the Commission.
On Saturday afternoon, August 27, the
Eighth California Regiment will give a
drill at Recreation Grounds. Sixteenth and
Folsom streets, for the benefit of the
Army Christian Commission. Lieutenant
Colonel Carrington is preparing the pro
gramme, and something entirely new and
unique is promised. The Mother's Club,
having charge of the banquet to be served
to the men, will meet at the parlors of the
Association building next Thursday after
noon at 2.30. This will be the first appear
ance of this regiment in San Francisco,
and the men, who are nearly all from
Northern California, will undoubtedly re
ceive a most flattering ovation. Excur
sions will be arranged from interior cities.
Reception to Kansas Boys.
The Epworth League of Californfn
street M. E. Church will give a reception
to the Twentieth Kansas Regiment, U.S.
V., to-night at the church, California and
Broderick streets.
THE BATTLE OF MANILA.
Preparations for the Grand Spectacu-
lar Exhibition to Open in
Central Park.
Preparations for the pyrotechnic spec
tacle, the Battle of Manila and the In
vasion of Cuba, to open Saturday night
at Central Park, are rapidly approaching
completion and give every evidence that It
will completely eclipse anything of the
kind ever shown in this city.
Talented actors have been engaged to
personate Admiral Dewey, Captain Slgs
bee, Governor General Blanco, Admiral
Montljo and other celebrities of the late
war. Several well-drilled companies will
represent American and Spanish soldiers
and sailors.
Although there will be a lavish display
of fireworks nightly the exhibition does
not depend entirely upon them for Its suc
cess; they are simply some of the very
many agreeable features. Twenty Spanish
and American ships will be witnessed in
conflict, and amid the roar of cannon and
explosion of shells the audience will wit
ness the utter demolition of the Spanish
fleet and the triumph of Dewey and his
brave boys. The bombardment of Manila
and the blowing up of the Maine are
among the many attractive features an
nounced. :
FEAST OF THE ASSUMPTION.
Solemn Services Observed in the Va
rious Churches in Honor of
the Event.
The Annual Feast of the Assumption
was solemnly commemorated yesterday
in the churches throughout the city.
Masses were celebrated as on Sundays and
the day made commemorable by the offer
ing of prayer and devotion by thousands
of devout worshipers. ...
Panegyrics on the life, works and piety
of Mary, the Motner of God, were pro
nounced at the solemn high mass In the
morning and at vespers in the evening.
At many of the churches a special serv
ice of devotion was combined with the
usual services, consisting of the recital
of the litany and the rosary- by the entire
congregation.
In the evening immediately after ves
pers the services were concluded with
benediction, at which the papal blessing
was dispensed by the officiating priest.
Bobbed a Photographer.
Charles Meyer was arrested at the Sail
or's Home yesterday by Detective Gra
ham and charged at the City Prison with
petty larceny. The complaining witness Is
F O Haussler. photographer on Market
street who alleges that Meyer while in
his employ stole several lenses, photo
graphs and dresses, which he pawned.
Catherine Blake's Woes.
Catherine Blake has applied to the Su
perior Court for a divorce from John
Blake. Mrs. Blake alleges that for some
time past her husband has failed to pro
vide for her, and she asks that a divorce
be granted her on that ground.
Rheumatism, kidney, liver disease* curod. Dr.
Oordln, Sanitarium, 514 Pine, nr. Kearny.
©AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franctico
Call, corner of Market and Third streets. op«o
until M o'clock every night In the ye*r.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; open until 9:80 o'clock.
887 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
Ml McAllister street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
615 Larkin street: open until 9:SO o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2281 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2536 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets, open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. ■
C will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- A
ING. August 16. at 7:30 o'clock. THf
Stated meet.ng^ RA By XL orde ODO DA t J: e g
DAY) EVENING. A'lK'iM 16, at '^iijr»
tf clock. P. 2. OEO, J. HOBE. Sec. /V>
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. &A. M. •
Third degree THIS (TUESDAY) JV
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. J§*o\
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary. / ▼ >
NATIONAL Union— Callfor- %±d&2B&TZ?*\
nla Council No. 53n meets ' '^g^^Jggfcfc
TO-NIGHT at Elks' Hall. ** " ' Vfc»
223 Sutter st. Initiation ~
. , new member*. . '
OFFICERS and members of Norman Lodge No.
1841 ' K. of H.. are hereby notified to assem-
ble at B. B. Hall. 121 Eddy street. THIS DAY
(Tmrday). at 1 o'clock p. m., for the purpose
of attending the funeral of our late brother,
LIONEL J. MEYERS. By order
J. GANS. Reporter.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
Pacific Undertakers will take place at the
office of the company. 777 Mission street, San
Francisco, Cal., TUESDAY, August 23, 1898.
at 8 o'clock p. m., for the. election of direc-
tors for the ensuing term and the transaction
of such other business as may come before
It. Transfer books will close Friday. August
19 1898 at 4 p*. m. ■By order of the board
of ' directors. M. C. . GORHAM. Secy.
. . . SPECIAIi NOTICES. ,
agaTn~this week.
Dr. MacLennan continues FREE healing at
. 100 Halght st., corner Octavla. -
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. room 6; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d.
~7 DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend ; No. 58 (60c per
share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company 327 Market st., on and after Satur-
day, August 20, 1898. , i
Transfer books will close on Saturday, Au-
gust 13, 1898, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS^ ANTED— FEMALE.
COMPETENT young woman desires situation
a* working housekeeper or as nurse to in-
valid or children; best of references; city or
country. ' MISS CULLEN. ; 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS nurse > wishes situation. Infant
or invalid; references. MRS. NORTON. 313
Sutter st. .-•,■- :\ ."■■'.•■.-'.•.■•■■■:-". ■■• '. •■ ■ '■ .
SWEDISH houseglrl with best references; first-
class cook; 3 years last place. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st. - . *■- -
MIDDLE-AGED woman, good cook and house-
worker, »10. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter at.
TWO green Swedish ; girls wish places to assist,
$10. MRS. '■ NORTON. 313 : Sutter at. .
CANADIAN . cook, best of references, desires I a
i situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
ELDERLY '• lady ■ wishes ■ a situation ■ In ■ small
family, < light , housework, wages $12 to $15;
•,• city , = or i country. ■ 824 Washington st. _■ - . £
YOUNG German woman wishes situation to do
• : light ■ housework. ; ; 3063 • Sixteenth i St., between
. Mission and Valencia. ",:.:■; : :•-' .. - ■
MIDDLE-AGED; Swedish woman wishes light
■ work in -. the : country ; " good ■ cook ■: and • house-
* keeper. 324% Fifth - St. ... ' " -;■■ .■-:.■
STRONG young ." German ■-■ girl ..wishes yto; do
i housework and ; help with . children ,in Amer-
ican : family. , Address Work, . box , 141.: Call.
POSITION »'.■ a* : second H girl '■'• or ~ chambermaid
wanted ; short ■ distance In ' oountrj preferred.
; HRB. M a.. 1142 Howard at. , .. -\
SITUATIONS WASTED- Continued.
DRESSMAKER wishes work by the "day; can
do all kinds of sewing. 329 Ellis st. „,: ■
TWO young girls wish situations general
: housework. Address or call 711 Central aye.
WANTED— Work by the day or will do nurs-
ing; $1 per. day and carfare; good references.
Apply 7 Van Ness aye., Ladies' Union. ,-..
FIRST-CLASS cook With best city references
desires situation; will go short distance In
the country. S. A.; 2219 Polk st. ■
COMPETENT laundress and housecleaner
wants work by the day; terms $1; reference.
Box 312. Call Office. ■ - - ■
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wants work by day
In families: perfect fitting In tailor-made and
other dresses. 1505& Franklin st. _
NEAT young girl wishes a position as second
?irl or light housework: wages $12 to $15; call
or 2 days. Please call 10 Sumner St., Off
Howard, near. Eighth. -
WOMAN wishes place as cook in an Institu-
tion. Call at 3674 Seventeenth st. ■
WANTED— By strong girl, to do general house-
work and cooking. Call at 1128 «-arl st., near
Cole. -. . ■
WANTED— A position as housekeeper; city or
country- Address 223 . Mason st. :
WOMAN to do housework. Apply between 9
and 11 a. m. «09 Polk st.
RELIABLE woman, good cook and housekeep-
er, wishes situation in city or short distance
in the country, or do day's work: good refer-
ence. 123 Olive aye., bet. Van Ness and Polk.
YOUNG girl wishes position in millinery store.
Address 1518 San Bruno aye.
GERMAN woman wishes to do washing- and
ironing by the day; $1 and carfare. Apply
387 H»yes St. ■ . .; .
RELIABLE girl wants position, light house-
work or waiting; good. home objeot. 7 Frank-
lin st. .
YOUNG Irish girl wishes situation in respect-
able family for general housework. 604 Fulton.
WANTED— By middle-aged woman to do cham-
ber work and make herself, generally useful.
Call at 734 Vallejo. bet. Stockton and Powell.
A HIGHLY respectable American woman
wishes position . as working housekeeper In
hotel or ranch; city or country. 112 Kearny
St., room 37. •
A GERMAN woman desires situation to do
general housework and plain cooking. Call
460 Jessie st.
YOUNG woman with a baby wants to work In
a good home. Address 21 Franklin St., rm. 21.
ARTISTIC dressmaker will work for $1 25 per
day. 1337 Market St., near Seventh.
BY an Eastern woman, a situation as house-
keeper or chamber work or .nurse to Invalid.
Address Housekeeper, 215 Keary st., room 22.
FIRST-CLASS Eastern dressmaker, formerly
■ with leading ' firm In New York City, wishes
sewing by the day or at rooms; ladies' tailor-
ing a specialty. E. R.. 915 Polk st.
CAPABLE Protestant woman, with best of ref-
erences, wants care of Invalid or children;
city or country. Address J., box 9. Call office,
Oakland.
GOOD housekeeper, reference, would like peti-
tion, light housekeeping. In American family:
no objection to leaving city. M. R., box 3,
Call office. Oakland. ,
SITUATION wanted by a competent colored
woman as Janltress in a building of offices;
best of city references. Address G. M. L.,
box 2SI. Call office. -
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ad» taken. *
SITUATIONS WASTED-MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414V4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay at.
YOUNG man of good appearance wants position
as solicitor or canvaseer for city or country;
good salesman. Address box 314, Call office.
TO barbers— First-class tradesman desires en-
gagement in good city shop or management
of shop In country town; state salary, hours,
etc. Address H. L. 1., box 949, Call office.
MAN and wife want situations; man generally
useful about horses and stable; wife as
chambermaid or help cook about the kitchen.
Apply 3253 Mission St.
POSITION wanted by a • first-class baker on
bread and cake. Ad. 2917 Sixteenth st. ; store.
KLONDIKE— Wanted by a man Just out from
Yukon country, to take In a party or outfit;
wages expected. ' Address box 5565, Call.
YOUNG man, good bookkeeper and typewriter,
wants employment of some kind; . wages' no
object: city or country;' references. Box 554,
Call office. - - .. ■ ■
MAN and wife want positions In city or coun-
try as cooks or to make themselves useful.
Address Cook. 1503 Market st. ■
WANTED— Situation as bread baker. J. G. M.,
777 Market St.. room __. __
BARBERS' Notice— A young man wants
steady Job In a nice shop: good barber;
steady and sober. Address H. W. 8., box 40,
Call Office. : .
BAKER, first-class on bread or cakes, wants
situation; city or country. Call or address
WILLIAM X.. 15 Laskle St., between Eighth
and Ninth, near Mission.
MAN and wife, German, can speak some Eng-
lish, like positions on milk ranch or private
family; wife is good cook. Address B.
ROSETT, box 740, Call office.
CARPENTER wants work at repairing old
work or making new or painting roofs. Box
791, Call office.
GERMAN, 29 years old, very strong, speaks
som* English, wishes work of any kind. A.
X.. box 791. Call.
POSITION as assistant bookkeeper, stenog-
rapher and typewriter by young roan; first-
■f class references. K. L., box 708. Call.
FIRST-CLASS German gardener, good propa-
gator, can milk, run a gasoline engine ana
take care of horses. Address box 225, Call.
BOY attending Lick School anxious to obtain
employment before and .after school hours;
wages nominal. S., box 322, Call. r_
AN educated man, a physician, familiar with
official and other forms of correspond-
ence, good French scholar, has traveled ex-
tensively, desires position as secretary; book-
keeper, agent or general assistant and com-
panion. Address M., box 7, Call office. Oak-
land. '
SITUATION wanted by respectable young man
- as watchman, porter, stableman, milk, or any
position of trust; references. Address A. D.,
812 Kearny st. >
WINCHESTER House.- 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 2ic t0. 5150 night: $150 to $8
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE.
KT)Uin?VVORK~gIrT sTeep^homei "tjSr^MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK. San Jose. $20: no wash; Ala-
meda, $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
CATHOLIC second girl, $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. , ' '
GERMAN governess, $25. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. • . ■■.;,*-
MOTHER and daughter or friends, $35. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St. :
SECOND girl, country, $25; second girl, Sausa-
llto. $25. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
AN arm waitress, $20; chambermaid," $20; wait-
ress, $20. same house. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. -
TWO waitresses, $20 each, same house, city;
waitress. $20, Hanford; Bakenrfleld, $20;
Crockett. $20; Boulder Creek, $20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
AN educated German ' governess, $25; 2 nurses,
$25 each. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
TWO cooks, $30 and $25. MISS CULLEN. 325
■ Sutter st. .
NEAT young girl. $12. MISS ; CULLEN. 325
■ Sutter st.
A NEAT girl, light work, $12., to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
•SECOND girl, country, $25; laundress, $30; 2
nurses, $25 and $20; 3 second girls, $20 each.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, $20 per month, • city; waitress,
Sausallto, $20: waitress,- Hanford, $20; 6 wait-
' resses and chambermaids,- city, $20 and $15.
MISS CULLEN, 1 * 325 Sutter st. .
HOUSEWORK, sleep •• home, $15; woman keep
, house, 1 lady; $12 -per month, sleep home.
H MISS CULLEN. . 325 Sutter st. •
C. R. HANSEN ft CO., 104 Geary St., want to-
' day: ■• , _ ; ■ ■/;..-:- .*v. .';••.„: .-; ?
Forty-one waitresses ; for city and country. &,
3 waitresses, different hotels. Santa Cruz. .s2o
3 waitresses, ■ see party here. - Bakersflelci.
4 waitresses, see party here, Fresno $25, $20
•2 waitresses, see party here, Visalla $20
2 . waitresses, : see party here, : Kern ..... $20
/ 2 waitresses and 1 chambermaid to wait.,
same hotel $20
2 waitresses, hotel near •■ city :...'..'..520
6 waitresses, new country hotel , see party -
:■ here .......;.......:.....-;..:....:... ...$2O
■ 2 waitresses, <• same .springS'hotel."......'....|;o
2 waitresses, _. hotel. Stockton ....'.:......;. $20
. 4 waitresses, '<■ restaurants, country ....$25, s $20
2 waitresses, '.. restaurant- ...'......|20
2 waitresses, cjty hotels...' .......$2O
6 boarding-house c00k5....; $40, $3;, $30
2 lroners, hotel * work.
.'4 chambermaids, . to wait, city and country,s2o
25 HOUSE girls, for city " and ' country X places
" $15,.-;s2o, $25. C. R. HANSEN & C 0. ,-104
. Geary; st. ; 1"." ■'■-':' ■..;■= '-...■.■■■
1 GIRL ' for , chamberwork and : waiting, hotel,
■ mining town, $20; fare. refunded. MURRAY
& READY, 634 Clay, st. . ; /
GIRL to take care of baby. 1317 Golden Gat
( avenue. ■ - : - :.',.-. . ; ,. ;/.. .-/; .. .;>-;
HELP WANTED— Continued. ■:
COOK, $30; second girl. $25; nurse, $20; house
girl, $25; 2 German house girls. $25; cook and
second girl, Oakland, $25 and $20: ranch cook,
$25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st. .
IRISH cook. $25; 2 Irish house "girls. $20 each;
Scandinavian housekeeper. $15; young girl to
assist, $10. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH house girl, $25. 2 in family; second
girl $20: German house girl. $15; 8 young girls
to assist. $10 to $15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sut-
ter st : ■
FOR country: Waitress, hotel, $20. see party
here; 8 ■ waitresses and chambermaids, - $20:
cook, boarding-house, $25; colored girl, house
work, $25: girls for housework. Mill Valley
$20 and $25, San Jose $20, Santa Clara $20,
Vacaville $25, Alameda $25, San Aneelmo $20,
and others. J. F, CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter st. '
NURSE. $25, see lady here; German cook,
plain wash, $30; 3 German and French sec- '
ond girls, $20; 4 cooks, German style,' $25; 4 \
waitresses, hotels and restaurants, $20, $5 and :
$6 week, and a large • number . of girls for
housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter. St. .
LAUNDRESS, $25; 3 cooks, $25; 2 second girls.
. $20; working housekeeper, $15, and others. 631
Larkln st. _j
GIRL for * general housework; wages $18. 409
. Clayton st. ■-• . ___
EXPERIENCED chambermaid wanted. Apply
Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
FIFTY ladies to decorate white china; will be
.paid liberally. 307 Sansome St., room 3.
TAILORESS wanted on coats. 724 Howard st.
LADY stenographer and typewriter; must be
good in arithmetic; state wages desired. Ad-
dress O. X., box 743, Call Office.
APPRENTICE on first-class veets. 854 Fol-
. . som st. j, ' . '
WANTED— A young girl to assist In light
housework. Inquire 1013 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— for light housework. 1281
O'Farrell st. ' ■ •
WANTED— to assist in general house-
work. 1217 Webster.
GIRL for light housework . and to assist with
baby; wages $8. Call afternoon, 2222 Geary.
GIRL about 17 years to take care of little girl.
1458 Page st. ! '
WANTED— Experienced shoefitters. CAHN,
 NICKELSBURG & CO., 115 Hayes st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher (woman) to work on
coats. ROSEN BLUM & ABRAHAM, 1103
. Market st. ■
GIRL of 15 or 16 to assist In housework. 732
Green st . .
EXPERIENCED hands to make wrappers;
steady employment; power. STEUER, 416' i
Ellis st. -.
WANTED— A girl to assist with a baby and
light housework. Apply 1807 Scott st.
NEAT young girl to assist in general house-
work wages, $8. 2014 Sutter st.
! GERMAN girl wanted to assist general house-
work. Call at 1231 Turk st.
YOUNG girl for housework, German preferred;
family two; no washing nor windows; $15.
1909 Vallejo st.
YOUNG girl to mind baby; wages $6. 608 Mc-
Allister st. ■
GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply
2228 Clay St., corner Buchanan.
WANTED— GirI to mind baby. 239 Fifth st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. In-
quire 1013 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED — Apprentices for stitching. Apply
S. N. RUTZ CO. Shoe Factory. 103 Mission st.
WANTED — Girls and women to work on fruit.
376 San i Jose aye.
SWEDISH girl for general housework. Apply
at 3360 Twenty-third St.; references.
WANTED — Girl for general housework. 3448
Twentieth St.; call after 9 a. m.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit,
at CUTTING FRUIT PACKING CO.. 1150
Harrison st. •
WOMEN and girls; steady work on fruit and
■ canning. Californian Canneries Co.. Ltd..
Brannan st., bet. Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit. Apply
. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.. Tenth
and Bryant sts. .-■-;■.; .':..£''•',
WANTED— Operators-*on flannel overshirts; a
few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36'jj Fremont st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher, to be a good button-
hole maker on vests. 956 Mission st.
TAILORING and dressmaking thoroughly
taught at KEISTER'S. 118 McAllister St.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: positions
free; patterns 25c up. McDowell' n, 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
St.: perfect fit: no trying on: trial free.
HELP WANTED—
BUTLER. $30; good place. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. '-.
WAITER. $15; country. MISS CULLEN, 325
" .Sutter st.
BELL boy, $12 per month. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. '
MURRAY & READY MURRAY _ READY
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want to-day
500 men for Arizona
30 men to clear land. etc., fare 50c. $30 and
found; 5 teamsters, city Jobs, $1 75 and $1 50
day; 6 laborers, city Jobs $2<5 and found |
3 choreruen for ranches.. and $10 and found ;
. Irishman to tend coal and feed store ;
...............^..520 and found j
2 plain painters, city $150 day I
14 farm hands.. $26, $25 and $20
10 men to hoe beans, etc $20 and found ;
96 woodchoppers $2 25. $1 50 and $1 cord I
2 butter makers and run separators
$30 and $25 and found
6 men to pile lumber .............$175 day 1
Handy man, milk few cows, city j
$15 and found ;
Man to bud peach trees ;
3 choreboys for ranches.. and $10 and found I
9 strong men to bale hay.. $3 day '
5 concrete laborers $2 50 day
15 Italians to work around gold mine, '$1 75
day; 5 men to cut brush, clear land, etc., $30 i
and found ..".......'.. I
. 6 scraper teamsters, Fresno $185 day '
Now to the . Great I
Mines, 93 laborers no experience required; |
wages from $2 50 day; steady, good Job and
special reduced railroad rates to mines......
Sailor, gentleman's yacht..... .520 and found
96 hop pickers, men and women, boys and I
girls, families and parties. SOc to $1 per hun- j
dred; only 50c office fee on this J0b.... 1
12 laborers to work in sawmill woods, $26 and ■
found .....'. ...... ;
84 tiemakers :.......' ....Sc to lie each
......:.. Government Work .....;
- 5 men to blast and get out r0ck.........
$2 50 day.... Around large works and yard*....
6 furnace 1ab0rer5. .:.....'.. 16 yard laborers
6 charge wheelers. ...l 4 men to feed helpers
V $2 50 day; wages. from $2 5«) day... ' C
.............MURRAY A READY, "
..••■•• 834-636 Clay st.
33 .............. COOKS ...... ... . .-. . . WANTED
s To-day, 9 hotel . cooks, $55. $45, 135 and $25
and found; to-day, 6 restaurant cooks, $9. $8 ■
ands7.week; to-day. 6 camp and mine' cooks
$40. $50 and -$30 and found: to-day. 8 second
and short order cook*. $35. $25 and $20; to-day
3 lunch counter cooks. $35 and $25 and found-
to-day. 2 railroad camp cooks, $50 and $33
and f0und.............. .........*.
,-...-.......'. Also
9 waiters, different- place? ..... . , """"
■•I"'-,- -•'•••-- $30, $25 and $20 and found
. 12 dishwashers ......s3o.' $25. $20 and $15
? ."........... Also .-... ■
3 hotel porters : 20 and" found
Elevator boy, city. MURRAY & READY
" •••••••••.. .•■■■■...... ....634-636 Clay st. '
PASTRY baker, country hotel. $40 and found
MURRAY & READY.. 634-636 Clay St. • \
BUTCHER, city *. restaurant: shoemaker and j
J_ ?& £ ount 7.< * oba ' MURRAY & READY, :
C34-C36 ( lay st. ,
, BROILER $50: broiler. $11 a week: meat cookT ;
t country institution, $45; cook, small hotel. OS;
, second cook. $3;.: second cook and baker, $35:
waiter. b_l%l, $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
.- 104 Geary at.
BELLBOY with hotel experience, country hotel. :
; ll _ J , a = lv ( ounf l; Pity hotel, $15. C. R. HANSEN .
i & >>.. 104 Geary st. >. :
MA i* a llac< '- ""' driver, $30. C. R. HAN-
SEN .<• CO., 104 Geary st. .
I 3 SANDSTONE quarrymen, $3 a day; also block
I cutters. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
' 6 LABORERS for the woods, $1 a day and
' board. c - R. HANSEN & co, 10« Geary st.
5 LABORERS, near city, $1 a day and board;
5 scraper teamsters and loaders, $1 a day and
"board; 5■5 ■ farmers, $15 and $20; 2 tie makers.
lie a tie; 4 hay balers, see boss here; farmer
and wife, $35. C. R. HANSEN _ CO:, 101
Geary st. • • .
3 TUNNEL men, $2 50 a day. C. R. HANSEN
_ 6 C 0... 104 Geary st. ,
1000 RAILROAD laborers /or British Columbia.
£, $2 a day and up. , C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
. Geary, st. ;•_■ . ; , """•
100 LABORERS and rockmen for tha Skaguay
Railroad; : see ; party ' from Skaguay- here •at
our ■ office; fare, ' $22 50, Includes meals, berth
4 and office fee; no contract required. C. R.
( ; HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary. st., ,; ? (
HELP WANTED-Continned.
WANTED— Experienced : furr.aceman for mines,
$45 and board; 4 furnace men for another t
mine, $60 per month, half fare paid; 2 strong
~ men to' work about furnace, no experience
required. $2 per day. half fare paid: young
Irishman for coal yard, $20 and found: 5 grape
pickers, $20: also farmers, milkers and others.
W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— Young man to drive milk wagon
in San Francisco, first-class place, $30. per
' month and found, references required; also
young man to drive wagon in small town
near city. $20 and found: young German to
work in bakery in city, $15 to $18 and found
W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— Cook and wife for institution, near,
please call early, $60 per month; cook and sec-
ond for Institution, $60, In city; also ••ait?
dishwashers and others. W. D. EWER _
CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— First • cook. $G0; short order cook,
; $45: restaurant country, cook city, $40; sec-
- ond cook, plain hotel, $30; waiter, $40; dish-
, washer, $25; shirt ironer and polisher, $40; 2
j ironers, $25 to $35; man about country 'resort
$12; porter, hotel, $10, etc. ANDRE'S. SIS
Stockton st.
TO go to-day, 6 railroad laborers, company
work. $26 and board; fare reduced to $1 R.
T. WARD _ CO., 60S ana 610 Clay st.
3 BASALT block makers to quarry dimension
sandstone. 35c per cubic foot. R. T. WARD
& CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
WOODWORKER, country, $3 50 a i., ; . irish-
man for coal and feed yard. $20 and found-
woodchoppers, $1 a cord; axmen to make lag-
gings and ties; scraper, teamsters and showi-
«rs $1 66 a day; cook, country hotel. $50; cook
for mine, $50; 2 cooks, boarding houses, coun-
try and city. $30 each; waiter boarding
house $25; dishwasher, $25; 10 railroad labor-
ers. $20 and $26. R. T. WARD & CO., 608 and
610 Clay st.
WANTED — 2 more miners. $2 50 a day; 4 labor-
ers for furnace work about mine, $2 a day; 2
laborers for a mine, $26 and board; farmer.
$25; and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Fryer. $40; cook for ranch. $30: sec-
ond cook. $7 a week; cook, country restaurant,
fare advanced, $40; hotel cook. $30: pantry
boy, $15. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2 waiters, $35* and $40: farmer, and
wife. $35; carpenter,. $3 a day; laboring man.
$1 75 a day: man to pull weeds, etc.. $1 a
day; potwasher. hotel. $20; dishwasher,
hotel. $20; German about resort, $15;
Frenchman to cook, etc.. $20; 2 shirt iron-
ers, fXi and $40: plain ironer. country. $25:
porter, elderly man, $10, etc. ANDRE'S, 31«
Stockton st. .
BOOKKEEPER, country hotel, $50 and found:
bookkeeper, city, $50. HOTEL GAZETTE, _
Kearny st.
TRAVELING salesman wanted for Southern
California and Northern California Coast
counties, to carry as a side line about fifty
samples of shoes on commission. Address,
with reference, The Hasman Shoe Co., Elk
Grove. Cal.
JAPANESE for housework and cooking, $20 a
month. Apply by letter. 115 Ocean View aye.,
Santa Cruz, Cal. Fare given. •
WANTED A competent salesman for our
men's clothing department: must be a good
storekeeper. Address, Clothing, box 315, Call.
WANTED— Bright, ■ active young man to learn
employment business for this office. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., C2B Sacramento st.
WANTED— A boy with experience in plumbing
trade; none others; call early. 24 Turk st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1212?£ Polk st. Model
Restaurant.
OLD man to carry banner. 106 Second st.
YOUNG man, 23 to 26 years of age, for phono-
graph parlor; one with knowledf* of business
and electricity preferred; references. Address
Edison M.. box 9*5, Call office.
WANTED— Sheetiron worker Tuesday morn-
. ing. 1136 Mission st.
GLASS show cards, signs, transparent and
otherwise; good commission. Room 10, 531
California st.
BOY to work at upholstering trade. 332 Hayes
' street.
TO tailors— Coatmakers wanted. Apply at
11 a m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
CHARLES LYONS, 721 Market st.
WANTED— Bright young man to learn barber
trade, 1542 Market st. ;-
WANTED— 2 shirt backers. Sun Laundry.
Nineteenth and Telegraph aye.. Oakland.
RECRUITS ' wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
■■ unmarried men, between the ages of 21 :n'i
30 years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally- declared
their intention to become such: must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read nnd write English, and be between 5
feet 5 inches ana 6 feet in height. For further
information apply at the recruiting- office.- 20
".-Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal.
WAITED — Laborers and mechanics to ltunw
that ■ Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 large
r~~Tns; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
COAL miners who have worked In pitch vein
wanted. Apply to TESLA COAL CO., room
615, 328 Montgomery st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
WANTED— Live energetic man. Apply 21S Mc-
Allister St., at once. -
SEVERAL hounds broken for deer hunting.
Address box 14. Call office.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec., 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764^ Mission
St.. men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week. __^
MEN to learn barber trade in 8 weeks. San
Francisco Barber College, 13S& Eighth st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men'«
soling. 35c; only one price. 959 Howard St.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED — collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter st.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c night; reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
"firmtire
WANTED— purchase 3 or 4 rooms of . good
second-hand furniture; must be cheap. Box
253. Ceil. -
CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer-
chandise; sold on commission: reasonable. E.
COIIN. auctioneer, 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
H BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
cJmnriise. 1C57 Market st.: tel Jessie 32.
~"~ FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— FIat of 4 or 5 rooms; bath; hot
and' cold water: north or south of Market st..
between Fourth and Tenth sts.. or south of
Post: $12 to $14. I!'* I'""- '""" Qftice.
MISCELLANEOUS.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus. second-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
" LOST. ~~
Sunday. In Halght-st. car or on Sausa- _
lito boat lady's snakeskin purse, containing
diamond crescent and some silver Return to
J. J. L.. room 90S, Clnus Spreckels building;
■ $2*5 reward. - •
LOST— On steamer Enclnal, 5:30 p. m. Satur-
day package of books: no value to any one
exceDt owners; suitable reward to person re-
turnfngsame to Carmen Island Salt Co.. 5-«
Hathaway st., near Spear. -
FoST— August 7, a greyhound: female; answers
to the name of Susie. Return to J. DENNIS
saloon, corner Eddy and Fillmore sts.. and re-
ceive reward. .
\ OST— Pug bitch. Saturday evening, near
'Fillmore and Pine. Return to 1915 Pierce St.,
near Pine, and receive reward. .
FEMALE St. Bernard; lost on 14th. Reward
at 7SO Halght st.
LOST pass-book with the ■ Hlbernla" Saving*
and Loan Society ;of ■ San Francisco, in the
name of Cornelia Sullivan, - No. 218,421. Tha
finder will please return to bank. '
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society : of San Francisco. In the
name of ROBERT GORE or JOSEPHINE
GORE; No. 218-1498. The finder will please re-
turn to bank. ,
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of JAMES GAFNEY. ; No. 57.325. The
finder will please return to bank.- ..
A WEEK'S news ■■ for 5 cents — The Weekly
Cull. In wrapper.' for mailing.
. ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee ' without " success ; collection*, G. W.
'HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor.^Stocktn.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe. 103 Larkln.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar- :
- ket; consutatlon free: no fees In advance.
~ PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOR TRADE— S-room cottage near elect rto
cars; short walk to . U. C. groiiwia, -4_dx»»C
■ 2228 ; Bhattuck ye., Berkeley. * • . , ■BUSINESS CHANCES.
'X— $sr>o; cigar store close to the Emporium:
". fine location; good business; excellent bar-
pain. WILKE, 7SS'-i Market St., new No. 845.
iAKERY in lively country .own; baking
.. average daily r-. barrels; horse, wagon; rent !
52; : a first-class offer and splendid opening. ',
.WILKE, -■ Market st.
J22'""V~ CORNER saloon in choicest downtown
' location! Kelt by owner the last 12 years and '
' doing a first-class paying business; owner to
•retire; investigate at once; a very rare
chance. .WILKE, M."> Market st.
JIiWW-SALOON in very best location; close to i
theaters, hotels and newspaper offices; a good i
.ciass of trade and excellent paying; rent $50. i
■ Particulars WILKE, • 753 Market St.; new |
. number, 545. I
•A— CORNER grocery and bar on Larkin st.;
' established many years; known. as a leading
ana money-making place: must be sold at
. once on. account of other business investment
. of owner. Particulars WILKE, 7b3^ Mar-
ket si.: new number -4. _
$eo<v- FAMILY liquor store: flne corner north of
Market; old established; owner owns build-
ing; will give lease ; more than value In ;
stock, but must sell at once account serious
•sickness. M. LESS, 165 Market St.
S. >YSTER house north of Market St.; old-
■-. e^tabilfhetV. best place in town; owner soing
. 'East. M. LESS, 705 Market^
"5500— DELICACY store north of Market st. ;
C'LJ-established: present owner there 9 years;
' - -a. rare bargain; fine location. M. LESS. 765
• • iMari-.cs st. . ■ ■
J'4'X«— STATION ERY, notion and variety store
noMh of Market St.; 4 living-rooms; cheap
"'• r.ont: tine opportunity: old-established trade. I
• M. '.LESS, 765 Market st. j
A— s22s ; tTNER wanted in well-paying res-
\ taurant: centrally located; owner tired of un-
■ reliable heh>; trial given to suitable party.
' : Apply M. LESS. 765 Market St., opposite Phe-
'lan building.
$300 — CIGAR itand, laundry office: north of
.-Market; fine fixtures, clean stock: a snap: j
• . owner has other business. M.- LESS, 765 j
. Market St., opposite Pheian building.
FIRST-CLASS corner saloon; billiards, pool, I
.side rooms; central; must sell this week; !
: 5200. M. LESS, 765 Market, opp. Phelan bid*. !
• 'S2IO— FRUIT and vegetable store; north of Mar-
' •'ket;- horse and wagon; living-rooms: rent i
• .'cheap; good, living; present owner there 6
•■years; must be ■ Id at once; owner i?oing |
■ eway. M. LESS, 765 Market si., opposite i
. Phelan building. . I
. $500— COUNTRY saloon In liveliest town near '
•city; positively best location there; must sell
■ on account of sickness. Apply M. LESS, 765 \
Market st. |
$2500— LEGITIMATE business; clears from $200
- 'tq $300 month; suitable for 1 or i men; full in-
' .restigatlon. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market.
' flso<V-FINE bar and 40 furnished rooms 'occu-
■ •-• pied; best on water front. Mclaughlin
, • & CO., 777 Market Bt.
■ . J2ooo— Drug store, Lest part of city: more than
• full value in stock; leaving the State cause of
.". sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
•-.CORNER saloon; old established business; on
; • !one- of the principal business Ftn-ets. with j
■ : -f.a-itrfly rooms and side entrance; this la an ex- ;
; ' • cVptional bargain on account of disagreement |
.. .- .-■--...■ McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Markt ;
.NOTICE— STRAND. 30 Kearny St.; buy.
.-..=■ >e!l or exchange business quick; partners pro-
• ' ' .currd.
. $475— -FINE grocery and bar, with 11 elegantly
■ furnished rooms; pays well; cheap rent: don ' 1
._ I'-mlsi this bargain. .--.-■■.. 30 .Kearny; i
" SALOON and lodging, well- furnished: eood lo-
cation near Kearny *t. ; pays weil: cheap rent;
' ' jgreal sacrifice on account of other business.
' : G.US STRAND, 30 Kearny St.
. *s.O{>— CORNER paloon; best location on Third i
_ : St.: offer wanted. GUS STRAND. 30 Kearny.
saloon for -ale cheap if at once. GUS j
■ STRAND, 30 Kearny st., room 9.
' A— lo RELIABLE men wanted with $500 to
' • $1000. each to Invest in one of the most pros-
perous enterprises on this coast; security ,
given: will guarantee 500 per cent profit; this j
week only. KREDO & CO.. 22^4 Geary st.
' A— {7">; BRANCH bakery and notions; also $350
•' branch bakery. KREDO ,-. CO.
"?2^KEAR-N"i'-«. cigar stand; good business; j
;■ ...a hargair.; must be sold. KREDO & CO.. 22^s ,
Geary St. j
• -HfXDKEDS of bargains in business chances; |
■•■ don't huy until you call on KREDO & CO., !
V 22;- 2 . Geary Ft.
$2.*iv-COAL yard: 1 block from Market st. ; line
' ' location; long established; horses, wagons;
.' £oo'd business; bargain. JONES ._- SEARLL,
" -->65 Market su
$250lfCORXER saloon on leading business
j ' street-; 4 living rooms: rent $20. Particulars
■ • City Agency (JONES & SEARLL).SGj Market.
= . HIGHEST cash prices paid for restaurants,
saloons, fixtures, grocery stocks: quick sales. |
■>«'KNBBHG & C 0., -2»^ -Kearny St. ■-• ' !
»"A — GOOD-PAYING corner grocery and bar; i
■ $750. ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market st.
. $323 — COR! butcher shop; Western Addl-
■ ' tion: does cash business of $20 daily; rent $15.
'•BTENBERG & CO.. 26H Kearny st.
■ *l-v<-> — SACRIFICE; saloon, stock, billiards, fur- i
hiehed ma; must sell. BASILE, 873%
: -"Market st.
$,>VM- PARTNER wanted in light business,
: '.where the services of plain, steady man are j
.preferred to hired help: business long estab- ;
lished an£ too much for one man; no expert-
- enre: required; trial given; $18 to $30 a week
\ "each. Apply from 3 to 5 p. m., 9 Geary, r. "2. I
.-■MIDDLE-AGED man thoroughly acquainted
■'.with city would like to take an active Interest
' in a fairly-paying business: office business
■ 'preferred. Address L P., box 316, Call office.
'GROCERY and bar: established 4" years; pres-
• eht owner 20 years; sickness cause of tale.
. • Eighth and Harrison, opp. Recreation Park.
$200. A MONTH— Good business, doing business
. 'with wholesale houses; will sell for $2500;
• ... thorough investigation. Box 1S83; Call office.
■F:IRST-CLASS white barber wishes to purchase
barber shop in the country on easy terms; re-
' .liable- man. Box 318, Call office.
J GROCERY store and bar must be sold at sacrl-
: .ftce -before September 1. Inquire LEMLE,
./LEVY _ CO., 265 Third st.
■■'■FINE barber shop with good trade; must be
'•■ -foIQ account sickness. R. M. DONNE & CO.,
■ :San Rafael.
FOR- Sale — Barher chop: established 27 years;
". ' '-good trade. F. C, box 104, Call office.
LARGE Chronicle route for sale. Address R.
.".W.; Cl 7 Jones St. -.-■->.• •■ :
$259— -Will buy drinking- saloon," 650 Sacramento,
.... pear Kearny st.; good old stand.
. BARBER shop, three chairs, for sale; $250.
• .' Address box 2488, Call Office.
CJJANCE of a lifetime— A man with money to
manufacture a money-making, first-class pat-
'e.nt • can be made here or in the East, and
' -will give large returns on the investment,
•' ' either. cash or property taken as part pay-
•lnent. Any one desiring to enter business in
the- East or In this State will do well to ln-
'-' Vestlgate. Address box C 0.05,. 05, Call.
'.jioOO^- WANTED. 3 active young men with first-
"jrfaßE references to complete party of 8 for an i
•expedition to South Sea and Philippine island*; |
.'= ""object trading, exploration and prospecting. i
■'; !A"3dre-i box 222, Call office. I
A~&EATLY fitted up. good [laying employment
• office- house renting and business opportuni-
■ ' "ties: - price $350; selling account ill health.
'■ Address Call Office. 908 Broadway. Oakland.
FQR Sale— Lot In the Academy tract. Francis
: at close to Mission; I must sell; no agents.
• C. D., box 1000, Call Office.
BARGAIN; modern cottage; pleasant view; in
. Mission; street sewered; water. Address A.
. \V . box 731, Call Office.
ASSOCIATES~and money wanted ■ for high
-•grade mining; liberal deal. D. N., box 11!H,
/Call Office. ; , .
ffjd-^GROCERY store and furniture of two
•FTKims. 645 Natoma st. ; rent $11.
.MUST change climate; will sell cheap or ex-
■ i -change for small improved place In country;
long- established, well-paying hardware and
•Variety store; center of city. A., box 233, Call.
!GOOD harness business for Bale; work enough
"fur 2 men; thorough investigation given; re-
duce stock if necessary. 621 _. 12th, Oakland.
FOR sale— Barber ■hop; 2 chairs; easy terms;
beautiful climate. American Barber Shop,
. -San Luis Oblspo, Cal. .. '
•JSOO— GROCERY: bar; fixtures: 4 rooms furnl-
•' -ture for sale; fine corner. Address C. G.. box
' 7.0, Call.
'CIGAR store, cor. Silver and Third; account
of iea%"lng city. Inquire 434 1 . Third st.
OLD established bakery in country for sale;
proprietor has another business on hand. Ad-
dress 1". O. box 94, Napa, Cal.
|^)O— BOARDING bouse with 11 furnished
rooms; IS regular boarders; trial before buy- :
Ing. Address M. J.. box 4, Call office, Oakland. ,
OUTSIDE city paper route (Call). Apply 3164
• --Twenty-f ourth ■ st.
TO PRINTERS— CompIete job office In Oak- '
land; cheap for cash. P.. box 1, Call. Oakland. j
FOR sale — Call route at San Jo»e. For par- j
; -ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied 'mm OKO. I
__W. !ASWE__. - ?°jl?liH ramento st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The~Weekly i
"Call. Sent to any address in the United
• States' or Canada one year for $160, postage
■ _. ; kid.
,:■""■', TO LEASE.
TO LEASE— Furnished hotel -near city; good
. opportunity. R. T. WARD & CO., 608 Clay.
THE -old bulldlns of the Y. M. C. A., 232
« Kutter st.; long lease; very low terms; can
be rented as a whole or In' divisions; large 1
and splendid location: no reasonable rent re- j
/used. Apply to MADISON _ BURKE. .
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER, "1020"Market st'.. opp. Fifth. |
6-room flat; centra 1.. ...:..........'.. ...'...'1 150
10 rooms; corner; very good 250
• 24 rooms;, .sunny corner; clears $100 M 0
> rooms; corner; clears $250 2200
100 others; 2 to 300 rooms; prices $100 to.. SOW)
S-room flat; near City Hall 2-0 j
70-room house: rent $.".0 650
BEE MY LIST -IN THE EXAMINER.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st-, opp. Fifth.
: -ROOM house and bath; furniture and
carpets ail new; all modern furniture "and
carpets of the latest patterns; a bargain. H.
C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO .v CO .22^4 GEARY ST. :
....MONEY TO LOAN AT LOW RATES.... I
105 rooms; best paying in city $4200 1
53 rooms; 30 bay windows 1600
M rooms; apartment; clears $150 3000
. 42 rooms; apartment: elegant 2- 1 " '
34 rooms; line corner; half cash 2000
25 rooms; clears $75 m0nth......... -■■'"
20 rooms; two. entrances; Market 300
16 rooms; O'Farrell; elegant 1200
11 rooms; Geary; doctor pays rent uoO
10 rooms; O'Farrell; corner »{9
9 rooms; also S rooms; bargains ■.-••'•-'
Others too numerous to mention. KRKDO ,
& CO. : J |
A— SO ROOMS: clears $125 * l -'°
33 rooms; north of Market St.; fine !••'" 1
31 rooms; transient; Market st.: •••• -'^ j
15 rooms; select; transient corner **
•1! rooms'; fine house; income $50 clear.... KJB
40 rooms: elegant; part cash: a snap .. ; -
50 rooms; part cash; transient 1 - i -;"
IS rooms: Market St.; clears $200; cheap... _ ; ''
ROGERS & HYDE, 1306 Market st. (L. \\ .
ROGERS, formerly clerk for H. C. Decker.)
ON Union Square, a modern 24-room house. A.
M. SPECK & CO,. 602 Market St.
$9500— a down-town hotel of 150 rooms. A. M.
SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
$200— LODGING-HOUSE ; bargain on acconnt'o*
sickness. McLAUGHLIN_ & CO.j 7.. Market.
tO-ROOM house; good roomers: must sell this \
week: offer wanted. Box v.'v Call of flee. \
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. '
; AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash an.l $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
111 good second-hand uprights upon same easy |
payments and »mego .d pianos for \S, and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLA\ & CO.,
Ptelnway dealers, corner Kearny and butter
1 .San Francisco, and Thirteenth and ;
Broadway, Oakland.
! ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago la KOHLER r-. CHASE'S.
i •><} 2S and 30 O'Furrell st. Pianos, organs and
1 all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. - .
'CLEARANCE sale— To make room for car-
loads coming we will sell a large lot of
new and second-hand pianos cheap for cash.
Time sales on easy terms. The J. Dewing
Company. 12 Flood building.
MARSHALL & WENDELL. $75; C. Hall,
$100* Bradbury, $130; Neuman, $145; Sterling,
$IJS : Estey. $190; guaranteed: easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, Chickerlng agents, ;
16 OFarrell st. , . i
FOR the next 30 lays pianos will be sold for
cash at almost cost price by THE ZENO
MAUVAI9 MUSIC CO., 769 Market St.; they
are making room for fresh stock:
WE invite critical examination: new store, new ,
goods. CLARK WISE & CO., 41 < eary st.,
corner Grant aye.; Conn over agents.
SOHVER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newly. Evans,
BriKgs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. : 30S. 310. 312 Post st.
MISSENHARTEB gold plated cornet, genuine
French violin; bargains. PROF. MERKI,
ICOB Mission, near Sixth.
A— s6o; UPRIGHT; $5 Installments; other cheap
pianos. 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT new pianos for rent. $2 50 month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
.SPECIAL .-•-'■■ of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest: price lowest: uprights, $75 up,
rents, $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis St.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister St.,
next Hibernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
HORSES.
BARGAIN— fine horse and express wagon, j
with years of experience. Apply to C. A.
WRIGHT, 436 Montgomery St. .
LARGE assortment of work, draught and driv- i
Ing horses, cheap.. .145 Valencia' st.
40 HORSES for sale: also -wagons, buggies,!
carts, -harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 227 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses: must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, bakers' and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale Of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin. opp. City Hall.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic. Singer' and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st
MEDICAL.
DR. JOSSELTN, the great specialist, removed
to 865 Vi Market St., opp. Powell; chronic and
private diseases, lost manhood, female trou- 1
bles, irregularities, especial attention: with a
mind matured and enriched by studies of an
advanced order an 1 55 years' practice (45 year, .
In this city), enables him to warrant a per-
fect cure In all cases; his female monthly
remedies are safe and never fall; consulta-
tions free; letters promptly attended to. J.
H. JCSSELYN. M. D.. 865% Market st.. S. F.
ALL ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. DaWs,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
GO years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any diseases or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief, :
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated; no |
delay: self-cure sent; call or write: free; con- '
flderitial. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market j
St.; pills. $1; very strong, $2. I
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi- j
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive: price $1 50 per box, sent free by ;
mall on receipt "of price: consultation on all
- special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye., S. F. A caution— Before pur- .
chasing elsewhere write us.
DR. WISE. late of Bellevue Hospital. N. V. ; I
•offices, Hackmeler Hotel, 123 Eddy St.; hours
1 to 11, 2 to '• and 6 to 8; consult him for
• treatment on all diseases peculiar to women;
'^patients assured flrpt-class medical attend-
tjice. besides enjoying privacy of home with
experienced attendants; strictest confidence
maintained In all cases; consultation free. '
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of ;
monthly Irregularities (f-om whatever cause) ]
In a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no Instruments used;
travelers helped at. once; home In confine-
ment; every case guaranteed; consultation
free and' confidential; self-cure," $s;' pills, $1. :
MRS. DR^-WYETH, 108 Turk St., near Jones.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter j
from what. cause; no medicine or Instru- i
ments used; restores in one day without fall; J
every woman her own physician; away dis- 1
grace; consultation free; can be sent and used ;
at home: pills and capsules, $1; cure $5; by 1
the well-known DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st. I
LADIES, ChicheateVa English Pennyroyal Pills j
(Diamond Brand),- best; safe, reliable; take i
no other; send 4e stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester^ Chemical Co., Phlla.
A TREATMENT that restore, instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office. $5; travelers helped Instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KoliL,. 1122 Market st.
DR. nd MRS. W3GENER, "12 Golden Gate
aye.: private home In confinement, with every ;
comfort; best care and • attendance; terms
moderate: Infants adopted into goo.l homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a' boon to ladles with
female 'troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50; ;
express C. O. D.; don't delay until- too late. •
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.' i
LADIES wishing secrecy during confinement! i
can find go' d home _ treatment by Mrs. Karr, / ;
2614 Fulton st. ;- McAllister car passes 'house. '
MRS. ACHARD, midwife: home In confine-^ I
ment; 1 conflnemeßt alone, $5. 156 Second st.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: Infallible, safe r>>me- j
: dies; 38 years' experience. 264& Fourth st. ' !
DR. HALL. 1223 Market st., diseases of women
and children. - ' •■'-*'■■ j
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call. '
Want mis nn<l subscriptions taken.
TYPEWRITERS.
DEMONSTRATORS Of statuvollsm— Tuesday
evening,' August 16; sick healed free; every-
body welcome. College. Therapeutics,-305 Lar-.
kin ft. -"-•- :"" '--• - ■■'" '■■'■ ■'■ ■ - '■-'■ '•--'■ j
ALL typewriters sold and rented; .few. partly i
■ used for sale cheap: send for samples and',
prices. "■ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery'
NEW Hammond, $35: Caligraph. $15; Yont, $25;
get sample work., SCOTT, 333 Montgomery. J
THE SAIN FT*A> T CISCO CALL, TTJESDAT, AUGUST 16, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE 6 rooms; large yard; 1024 Pacific st. ;
rent $13. ■ ■ ;'" ..•,.. . " '.y.V ; '.
HOWARD, 1105— Upper part of homei 5 sunny
rooms and bath ; rent cheap. .'■■■- '..- . ..." ■ ■
OLIVE aye. 113. near Polk and O'Farrell—
$25; 7 rooms and bath, three-story. : ' ..
RESIDENCE M rooms. 703 ' Taylor St.. near
Butter; residence. 11 rooms. 60. Stockton • St., I
near Pine. Inquire room 611 Call building.
WEBSTER. 190S: bet. California-- and Pine— 9
rooms and bath: rent reduced to $3i CO. 4 -
WE" can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 19 Mont-
gomery ?t. -
DHMSHKI) BOUSBJS TO I.XT.
515 -FritNlSHKI* cottage "4 rooms, and bath; j
i yard, basement. 3822 Nineteenth st. .. UMB- ,
BEN a CO., 14 Montgomery st. ■
■_; ~??__-;^T-;~^ j
COTTAGES TO LliT.
BAKER. 1513-^Cottage of s. rooms and bath;
large yard; $17. _____________________
- FLATS TO LET.
BRANNAN. 72:.. above Sixth— Nice flat of 3
rooms and 2 rooms; $7, $5. ; ' , ' ' ' .
FELL, >:. - Elegant flat; 7 large rooms; bath
and basement. , I
FIFTEENTH St., 1525—2 new flats, 4 and a
rooms; bath, yard, cellar. '■
FINE %>ay-window fiat, 6 rooms, bath and laun-
i dry; »ent $16. 8658 Nineteenth at.
FLAT of 7 sunny rooms and bath; all modern
improvements. 3435 Twentieth. All 4-room
flat, 3442 Twentieth st. ' |
FLAT to let: newly renovated; 5 rooms and
bath; rent $12. 2503',» Howard st.
SCOTT. 2040, corner Sacramento— Eight rooms
and attic. ' ' ' ' . I
UPPER flat, 5 rooms. 162 Clementina st. rent j
■ $10. . - ' ■■' ■.'.'■■'
WE can rent you a flat with or without a -flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. .' ■ '. . ~ j .
$10 FLAT of 4 sunny rooms. 125 A Page St.,
bet. Gough and Octavia.
1 $s— UPPER flat of four rooms; sunny side. 472
Linden aye., new Lacuna st. -J-
2 SUNNY flats i rooms; rent $11 and $14. «A
and B'4 Dearborn St.. off 17th. above Valencia. t
6 SUNNY rooms and bath. 85 Pleasant St.,
off Jones. -
$16; i FIVE rooms, bath and yard. 1027 Post st., j
near Larkin. ■ ■ !
$16— SAN JOSE aye., 143, nr. . 24th— New modern
flat, 5 sunny rooms; gas, hot water, bath; j
mirror mantels:' sl6. '" '
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— St'ITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com- \
plete for houabkeeplng; 2 folding beds; 1 in j
kitchen and 1 'n bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new: $3 per week; suitable for
4 or 5 persona. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mis-
* sion St., bet. First and Second^ ■ '
BRANNAN. 370— Flat to let; 3 rooms; $12; fur-
nished. ' -■ • ■ -'
BRYANT, Ml. near Third— One small neatly
furnished sunny suite back;- $7 per month.
BUCHANAN 602. cor. Fell— Bay- window light i
housek'p'g. 18; large dining and kitchen. $11.
EDDY. 500—2 rooms furnished housekeeping;
lower floor; cheap. • ; -i '.;-.'-: '
! ELLIS, Three rooms, furnished or un- j
j furnished for housekeeping. _■__ I
FIFTH, 322— Newly renovated, sunny • front,
connecting housekeeping rooms; complete; j
bath; private: $10. ''"'.' : ' |
FIFTH, 34S — Two rooms furnished for house-
keeping; cheap. ■ •'
FIFTH. 353—3 furnished housekeeping, $13; also
! 2or 3 furnished, with bath: single, $4.
FOURTH, 889 Furnished or unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; also single; cheap.
HOWARD, 7M l - Nicely furnished sunny suite, |
with kitchen; others: • reasonable. . =.
HOWARD, 1653— Three-room suite; sunny and j .
good neighborhood; targe yard; $8.
LAFAYETTE. 3L bet. Eleventh and Twelfth— .
■: unfurnished »rooms: rent $12. - >
LARKIN, Sunny frqnt, nicely furnished; 1 ;
or 2 persons; light housekeeping; $7. !
N! A.LLISTER, 422—? or 3 ; nicely furnlsned
rooms for housekeeping. , , t" , '
. MINNA. v • Furr.ished rooms for housekeep-
ihg. [ '. - .
MISSION, 661.near Second— Large sunny front
room an<i kUchen complete for housekeeping. s ■
MISSION. J6S^-Large'' sunny basement furnish- ' '
! ed complete; rent very cheap. ■-■ <-
MISSION. 834— Front feunny ' housekeeping
.. ro.-im, $S; also single rooms.
MI:--;! "1125H— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms for housekeeping; cheap. ■
NINTH. Sum, y . suite of rooms for house- :
keeping; large bay-window room also;
OCTAVIA, 155— Two weeks free; family would
let parlors; no other rooms; unfurnished if (
desired: do children. .... . ... I
OCTAVIA, 14)3, cor. Geary— Bay-window with
gas etove, $8; dining room ana kitchen,- $1L
THIRD 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms; com-
plete; front first floor; bath, gas. j
TO LET- Handsome lower flat, 6 rooms. 738 j
Fourteenth St.. near Market. , * -•■i'-.'j ; I
TWELFTH, 145, corner Howard — Sunny, fur- :
nished rooms complete, for housekeeping;
also single rooms. ;
VAN NESS aye., 415— Newly furnished front,
suite; housekeeping and unfurnished -rooms.
VAN NESS aye., ".IS- Two sunhy rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping, with bath; $12..
VAN NESS aye.. 1021— A front sunny suite, 2
rooms and 'kitchen; ' gas. range. .- . ■■""■■"v<-." ,
OAKLAXI) HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
WINDSOR Hotel— Rooms ' without board: ac-
commodations for cooking. 9th ft Washington
ROOMS To LET. ;
i ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant :
sunny rooms, en suite. and single: flrst-class
In every respect: terms reasonable.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike: reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co.. 22 Stockton st. ; trunks ; ,
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49.
A SNAP— Light, neatly furnished room; double
. be i. large closet; $6. 509 A Larkin st.
A— SELECT home; Hotel Florence, 102 Ellis,
cor. Powell; elevator; bath*; best attention.
■\ STOCKTON. 242 — First-class sunny front
rooms; suite; single; facing plaza: day or mo. j
■ AT 416 O'Karrell- Sunny rooms; suites; single;
by flay, week or mo.; baths, running water.
AT 147 Powell, 211 O'Farrell — Rooms by the .
day, week or month ; very reasonable.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Sunny furnished rooms; a '
blocks from Palace Hotel; every convenience;
elevator; transient; near principal clubs.
BRA-NX AN, 72. ., above Sixth— Htinny front
room and kitchen; furnished; $*.
| CLIFFORD, 204 -Elltf., cor. Mason— Sunny suites
and single Cooms; prices liable.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $>>, $10 mo. >
i DE LONG aye., 15 — I neatly furnished room; ;
i , cheap;, convenient to cars. ...... -; j ■
EDDY;: 318— Newly furnished sunny 'suite and
; single rooms; unfurnished if "desired.
F.LI. 414—2 rooms; small front and back '■:
- yards; suitable for invalid or woman In con-
finement; $15. ■ ■ ' •
FIFTH, 309 — Large 'sunny corner room;, run-
ning water; other rooms; also housekeeping. •
FOLSOM, 7 < !SV4— nice large furnished room
to let; $4. '
FOLSOM, 820, near I Fourth— sl ■ week - and up; j
i nice clean sunny single and double-rooms.
FULTON, 1115— Large unfurnished front' room |
cheap. ' ' *.' .... ■■'.'. '
GEARY, 4C5 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
- rooms; suites of single. MRS. H. HYER.
■GEARY, 1 656-»-Elegnnt.. sunny .back .- parlor; ';
piano, hot and cold water; other suites; light
. housekeeping. . . ... .
GEARY. 610— (Elegantly furnished rms.; suites :'
and single ;• also handsome doctor's suite.
•gYrARD' House, '192 'Seventh. 1. near Howard— . .
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
GLOBE House. vi Howard— Per night. 26c to
$1; week. (1 to $4: readlng.-room-...Howard.cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1016. nr. Lii«una-r-Newly '
furnished sunny front room for 2; bath: $12.
GRAND SOUTH KHN, BE. ! cor. 'Seventh • and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates'; families. ' '
GOLDEN GATE ay.. 1016, nr. Laguna^Newlyr.
: furnished sunny front room for?2:'bttth^ $12. -, '
HAVES, 469—2 nice | furnished ..front rooms ; for
man and wife; UN of kitchen.^ -t^h-* .|' ; ';'-'
HAIOHT, "I— Neat furnished, roomsj'.renti rea- '
sonable. . '.. • -.-,..■«.- ; >..- ;•»'.,•:■--■; i
HANCOCK' House,' 781 Mission -Select 'family j
; . rooming-house.; $1 50 to ** per week. j\ t:'.: .-■ 5
HOWARD! 1113H— Furnished rooms, .single, $4 j
■ per month; front rooms for 2, $8 per month. - |
LARKIN.; 327. .cxir. '.Golden Gate— Nice, ; sunny
; room, $7; also housekeeping, suite; pas stove.
LEWIS;; 18, "ff Taylor, nr. ' Post— Large [ urifur- J
I ; 'nlsh^d sunny ; room • and. kitchen; reasonable:
MINNA. 6C7, corner Elßhth— Newly, furnished
-bay-window room; $1 per ™ ek.XSg*£sjFMg& S
ROOMS TO LET— Continued. -
MISSION 1729%, near Thirteenth— Furnished
front room, kitchen; bath; laundry; use of
. piano; Jin. ■■--■ . . ■ .
O'FARRELL. - 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights;, day, .eek or month.
POLK. 1322— Nice " bay-window : sunny ' front
suite; running water; gas: bath; house-
keeping; also single rooms reasonable.
POST, 61.SV. — furnished room for gentle-
• man; gas"; bath; closet; no signs.. ■_-.
POWELL, 317, formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
gantly furnished rooms; reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished. '
TAYLOR, 706— well-furnished sunny room for
. gentleman. , • -. . ■
TURK, 127 — Nice large' light parlor;' suitable
doctor or office; cheap to right party.
WENDT Hotel, 22 Sacramento— Best . rooming
house on water front; single 25c up; week $1
up ; fine rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
~T ROO3IS.AND BOARD.. ,
BUSH, 675— Large room; 2 beds; bath and fam-
ily board for two; $36 per month.
ELLIS, 518— Nice sunny rroms with first-class
table-board; use of parlor, piano; $20 up.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room; 54 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE. 40$— Sunny alcove, hot, cold water, with
board; also single room; private; reasonable.
HYDE. 1105(HoteI Victoria)— Nice sunny rooms;
bath; gas; telephone: with breakfast. $10 mo.
O'FARRELL, 742 — Very best board; pleasant
parlor, with piano; everything entirely new.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Good table board, $3 par
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week
THE HEATH. 312 Eddy— family board-
ing house; first-class all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking; terms mod.
THE ORIEL^New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly. : ■
VALENCIA. 1070 (The Irving)— Family boardg. :
. warm belt: large grounds: sunny rooms; reas.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
LADY would like child to board; nice home.
VIA Oak st., bet. Octavia and Laguna.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; good
home anil care; near school. 51 Clara st.
STORES TO LET.
FINE store, living rooms;' fit for any business;
1007 Larkln St.; $14. Apply 102 Eddy st.
FOR rent— Large, roomy building, suitable for
wood and coal, hay and grain, general pro-
duce business; good location; low rent. In-
quire room 614. Call building. . .;
STORE to let— 44B Third st. ' ''. '
$9— STORK and living room at 337 Noe St.; pros-
• perous neighborhood.
$15— STORE, with 3 living rooms. 375 Sanchez,
lest public school: key 3SI Sanchez st.
EDUCATIONAL.
VOCAL Instruction— ANNlS MONTAGUE
TURNER; correct and natural production of
the voice, based on natural and artistic prin-
ciples; terms beginning August 15 and after; -
lessons by the month or quarter. For terms
apply personally or by letter to 930 Bur.h st.,
. near Jones. ... . -\'t '•:...,■■
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post Book-
keeping, buplness practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue;
AIRES' Business College, 723 Market st.;
individual ' Instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches and special course for Civil Service
examinations, etc. : life scholarship, $50; low
rates per week, and month.
MRS. ADA CLARK has opened a dancing
clasp at New Masonic Hall, Mission St., nr.
Twenty-first; on Thursday evenings, commen-
cing 8 o'clock. i
A LADY teaches piano and mandolin thor-
oughly; f.oc an hour; excellent pianist and ac-
companist for entertainments and vocalists.
1209. Octavia st.
PIANO instructions. $1; singing. $150 a les-
son. A. A. EDGERLT, . care San Francisco
Music* C 0., .225 Sutter st. .
UNIVERSITY Coast— Newell Perry, Ph. 8.. Fel-
low in Mathematics. U. C, 2407 S. Atherton.'
nr. Channlng way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School;' civil, electrical, mi
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt. : day & eve. :
est. 1584.. VAN PER NAiLLEN, 933 Mark
ENGLISH"" literature^- mythology;:* Shakeftpeare
classes: pri. tuition. Mrs.-Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
ROBERT TOLMIE, pianist, has resumed
teaching at 1003 suiter st. ' '*
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. , Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month; references; \
. private lessons; terms $10.' 712 Van Ness aye.
PIANO and German lessons. 75c; pupil of Con-
servatory in Lelpßlc. 110 Hyde st. ■
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary st.
US HAVES ST.— 'Branch, office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. ■-■■.._
' CARPET CLEANING., .'.^ij
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning .Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVEN'S, Mgr., <
38 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- ,
beating, Works. 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40. ,
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. . WOLCOM, Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cat Carpet-cleaning Co., 453
Stevenson st.;.tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relald at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th |
st. ; cleaning Be yard; tel. Mission 74. .
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
PROPOSALS.
TREASURY Department, Office >Marlne Hos- |
pital Sen-ice, National Quarantine .Station, An-
gel Island. Cal., August IS, 1898.— Sealed pro-
posals win be received at this office until noon
of TUESDAY. August 30, 1898. to furnish re-
pairs to quarantine steamer Geo. M. Stern-
berg, overalls and Jumpers, typewriter and
cabinet, and one. cabinet desk, for use of the
Marine Hospital Service at San Francisco
-quarantine. Schedule* and further informa-
• tion may be obtained upon. application to the
undersigned. The right is reserved to waive
Informalities and to reject any or all propo-
sals. M. J. ROSEN A
Passed Assistant Surgeon, M. H. S., In com-
mand of Station. • _^
PLANS and specifications Invited for an hou-
' pital building— Clerk's office. Board of Super-
visors, San Francisco, .March' 8, UK. '
In accordance with Resolution No. 797-
" (Fourth Series) of the' Board of Supervisors,
public- ■ notice Is hereby given to architects
that competitive plans and specifications for >
the erfcviCion.of an. hospital building will be
rwelved in open session of the Board of Su- j
pervisors' on MONDAY AFTERNOON, Sep- '
tember 19, 1898, between the hours of 2:30
and 3 o'clock. .. •'■'■'-. . . , ■:•.-.'
• The proposed building is to be of modern de-
sign and to be constructed of stone or brick,
or of both, with all the latest scientific im-
p rovements required as to construction and
" J sanitation, equal to. If not superior, to any
building designed or 'contracted for hospital
purposes, as are Indorsed by medical author- ;
ity as being indispensable in the construction
* of such a building.'. '. ■_ -■■ — .
The said hospital building to be erected on I
I the lot of land selected and approved by the I
Board of Health, described as follows:
• Commencing- at the most southeasterly cor- !
ncr of a tract .of land known as and desig- j
nated "on the official map of the City and
County of San Francisco ■- s the "Almnhouse ;
Tract," and running thence due. north along
the' easterly boundary line of said Alrrishou.--e
Tract seven hundred. and sixty-five (765) feet; ■ I
thence due west five hundred and fifty (550)
feet ; thence due south seven hundred and '
sixty-five , (765) feet to. the southerly line of i
the said' Almshouse Tract; thence, due east
• along the said southerly line of the Aims- i
house Tract five hundred, and fifty (560) feet \
to the po4at of commencement; . containing;
9.659 : acres. . ' ■ '■' ' ,_ :' , ■
The said plans < and specification 'to be so :
", prepared that. the cost. of the building shall ',
not exceed in the aggregate the Bum of three
hundred thousand ($300,000) dollars, which
sum must cover the entire expensa for the
' erection ■ and ■ completion of the proposed ]
NOTl«'E— Architects will prepare and sub- i
mit with their plans »nd epeclflcations for !
■ : said hospital building an itemized: estimate i
'' of the cost of said building, the statute re- !
quiring eight (8) hours to constitute a day's
* work with a minimum rate of wages of two '■
(s■') dollars per day, for persons employed on ;
said building, with the distinct understanding
' that no plans or specifications will be enter-
' tamed or considered of buildings the aggre-
■ gate cost of which are estlmate-d- to : exceed j
the sum of three hundred thousand ($300,000)- I
dollars. Also that the architect whoso plans - I
and specifications of the building are adopted
■will 'be appointed architect and superintend- j
ent of the building at a compensation of five
(5) per cent of the total cost, and will be y e-
• quired to give a good and satisfactory bond j
••' or bonds, as. the case may be, . to Insure the !
completion anil construction of >> the - saM |
building for the ; amount of the estimate of ,
the cost as made by the said architect. The
' architects submitting plans* and specifications'
: ' determined by the Board: to be. 'second.: third,
and fourth in merit, will receive. premiums of
$1000, $730 and $500 respectively, with the un-
: derstanding I that i any features , of j said . plans
; and : specifications , which may be I considered
■useful or necessary 'be embodied: in the plans
: adopted • may be I used " without further cost or
charge. :" JNO. JA. RUSSELL. Clerk. < f
' ■■■■:■ ;- !^mssssmßSia^fi
PERSONALS.
WANTED- To know where are the headquar-
ters of the Cuban patriotic Junta If there is
any in this town. Address box 311, Call office.
WILL any old miners of the early '50' who
knew Morris Ingram or John Hanks, from
years "52 to '£6, write to Mrs. Florence
Hoyer, Paducah, Ky., or answer through
paper? . .
I HAVE great satisfaction In the realization of
artistic hairdressing done here for 25c; hair
restored to Its natural color, $150 up;
switches, $1; fine, $3 50; extra. $5; open Sun-
day I to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
JOSEPH GREVEN. vocal teacher, 1236 Market
St., furnishes at short notice soloists for
opera, oratorio concert and church; arranges
■; and leads opera performances in English,
Italian, German and French. "
LEDERER' S Quinoniawill cure that dandruff.
G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st. :
PILES; Frelling's Piles Salve— Warranted to
cure all cases; $1 per box. Residence IC2S
Devisadero st., near Sutter st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $150 per night; $150 to ?6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHILDREN'S . class . at Hlnman's School of
' Dancing. 1412 Polk St., Is now open on Satur-
day afternoons. ■
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
NEW method of treating diseases by elec-
tricity; lessons given. 1515 A. Howard st.
PILES— If you are troubled with them ad-
dress box 6954, Call office, for cure. ■
ELECTRIC sealskin jackets to order, $50.
MARX'S Fur Store, 957 Market st.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. PR. FUNKE, 1416 Sth St., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
339 HATES' ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
DRESSMAKERS.
COMPETENT dressmaker; makes children's
dresses, fitted at their homes. Address D..
branch Call office. 357 Hayes st.
SAN - FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st. -
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses, $5
up; dresses made over. 3 _ Eddy St.. rm. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
THE RECOGNIZED LEADER
Of Clairvoyance and Occult Science.
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST.
-MANY IMITATE,
BUT NO ONE CAN EQUAL.
PROF. M. OMAR The Occult Wonder
■ HAS NO EQUAL.
323. ...EDDY 5T. ...325.
Gives full name of every caller.
Names of your sweethearts or husband.
■ Gives advice to make you successful in love, ■
business, marriage, divorce, law suits, etc
Cures drunkenness, bad habits, evil Influences.
OMAR.. NEVER FAILS ,
TO UNITE THE SEPARATED
and
Causes speedy and happy marriages.
 Guarantees success In all cases.
Private Residence.
Separate parlors for ladies and gentlemen.
All business f.acredly confidential.
Letters containing 4 questions and $1 answered.
• . MRS. DR. F. CLARK
Unrivaled.
Trance Clalrv -ant and Medium.
■ While entranced f=he will reveal every hidden
mystery in life; will show you how to over-
come your enemies, remove family troubles,
restore lost affections; unites the separate, re-
covers lost, stolen or buried property: locates
treasures, minerals; ; tells your entire life,
past; present and future, while in a perfect
trance. Hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. • m. : perfect
rntisfactlon guaranteed by mail. Send stamp
for circular with special terms.
Rooms 25 and 26, 1206 Market street.
Attention!
PROF. H. ROMAINE,
The Oriental Beer, — ; —
Late ot India. ;—; —
—TELLS FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLE.R—
Tells what you called for; advises on busi-
ness, speculations, love, everything; reunites
separated: causes speedy marriages -. recovers
old estate*; locates burled treasures in five
day*; never- falls; $2 consultation $1 this
. wtjek.T Letters answered." Offices. 1206 -Mar-"
ket St., Hours. 10. to S.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY.
Medical clairvoyant and ' medium, will diag-
. node diseases and treat with revealed reme-
dies, which are a boon to suffering humanity;
stamp for circular. 232 StocKton St. ;J 
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
'sight; diagnoses disease: full life reading; la.
60c, gents $t; palm, and c-lair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader: past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 10.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card
reader; Xc up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission. ■ :
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 23c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. RAMONDI; ynir fortune told by
Chirograph^, $1 and $2. V,9 Grant aye., room 2.
SONORA RAMONA. medium and card reader;
10c: ladles only. 23 Ash aye.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the v.ell-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. STBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; Indies. 914 O'Farrell st.
-;;.'•• spiritualism; ■
MME. -YOUNG'S convincing test cirlcle to-
1 night. We. 605 McAllister st. Come skeptics.
CIRCLE this evening, 414 A Golden Gate aye.;
"25c; sittings dally; Mrs. Giliingham; others.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance;
8 p. m. : 2.'. cent:. 409 Leave.nworth st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia st. ; read-
Ings, $1; clr. Tues..-Frl., 2 p. m.; Mon. 8; 25c.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 212^ Sixth st.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Haight ft.
-MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, trance
test medium and life reader. 232 Stockton st.
PAI.MISTKY.
MRS. CHANDLER: readings dally at resl-
dence. 353 Geary st. ■
' DENTISTS.
■ A FULL set of teeth, $5; - see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
. our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors," 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, . genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work
, painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market st., cor. Sixth.
DR.* LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and filling a
•: specialty; all work reasonable; gaß given.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
' New York dentists. 969. Mission, cor. Sixth.
PAINLESS filling a specialty. • DRB. PERRY
■'& CHRISTIE. 8 Mason St.. cor. Market.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, ' 2d-hand machinery, Mc-
INTOSH & .WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
YOUNG fresh ' cow; rich milk; gentle; price!
$35. 1312 Folsonl st. ' ,
FRESH cow for sale; $33. 122 Farallon St..
■ Ocean View. - ■ .-
BARS,' back bars, mirrors,' show cases,- coun-
ters, linoleum, . office furniture, . store and i
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. V J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-
Mission at., above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND belting," pulleys, shafting, en-
• gines, boilers, dynamos, etc. 516 Mission st. •
PHONOGRAPHS, $20: records, $3 per dozen;
projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl,' 93B-946 Market.
J " B . POOL, • house mover/dealer second-hand
: •building material. . 1124 Mission; tel. So. .787.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, B. F.
BARS, show cases,' counters, shelving etc.,
bought- and sold. 10C3 Mission Bt.. nr. Seventh.
" : STORAGE. ',
PIERCEtRUDOLPH Storage and Moving . Co.,
. office Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FURNITURE. : trunks. : etc. Golden West Stor-
.. age Warehouse, 840 Mission St.; t.l. Mint 1S21:
•: ..-- '~\ ;■'•- 'BICYCLES.
BIG na-Tince. second-hand bicycles; first come,
first rprved; J. HOLLE. : 20th and , Folsom sts.
.... ' ; pi .' •;■ , '.; IHYSKIANS. :V; ■;' ;,'. ';'
DR. ■' C. ; - C. O'DONNELL. : : office', and . residence,
- : 1206 ■' Market; diseases sof i women a ' specialty.
- . . ■ - ■. . ■ - - - . ■ . . - ......
CITY REAL ESTATE. ;
FOR SALE •BY OItDER^UF^MOkTGAXJEE—
O'FARRELL ST.. NEAR OCTAVIA.
$7500 A nice modern home; contains 10
| rooms, bath,' etc. ; extra large lot; runs through
to rear street. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
BUSINESS PROPERTY. '
$7500— "Mrssion St.; large lot, 35x130; new im-
provements, consisting of store and flats, 6 and
V rooms; all rented for $65.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
A 810 PIECE OF LAND— COMMANDS A
PANORAMIC MARINE VIEW. •
$7500— Corner of Larkin and Chestnut sts; size
137:6x137:6;. close to town; must be sold; one
block to Hdye st. cars.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery St.
MAKE AN OFFER.
Fillmore-street business property, $15,500;
stores and flats; on best part* of the street; lot
50 feet front; pays over 9 'per cent. • '■■
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
BIG INTEREST.
$2300— Rent $30; Shipley St., near Fourth; 3
Hats, 4 rooms each: make offer.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st. j
BRAND NEW FLATS, JUST FINISHED.
$6500 — Rent $60; handsome new flats of 6 and
7 rooms, bath, etc.,- on Page St., near Octavia;
good renting property, close to town.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
A— s3ooo; rent $32; lot 25x1£0; Fourth aye., near
Clement St.; two good flats off, rooms each.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
PRICE, I*7,SOO— RENT, $222.
Splendid improvements; stores and flats;
large corner: two prominent streets in the
Western Addition.
; BALDWIN & HOWBLL, 10 Montgomery St.
A— 522,000; Geary, near Jones; good three-story
building, under secured lease,, which has 2 l i>
years to run; large lot; rent $175.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
BIGGEST BARGAIN EVER OFFERED.'
! $1300— New cottage of 6 rooms and ba^h: lot
I EOxlOO; in Holly Park; tract, not far from Mis-
I sion-street cars:"mhrtgage of $700 can remain.
! BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
HANDSOME WESTERN ADDITION—
SACRIFICE. " ■
$9.".oo— Foreclosure sale of a splendid modern
residence of 15 rooms, 2 baths, etc.; very com-
plete; large lot, -27:6x137; good marine .view;
Green st., near Devi?adero. -.'.'"•
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
FORECLOSURE SALE— TERMS SAME AS
RENT. . '
12800— cottage near Twenty-third and
Church sts.: contains 5 large rooms and bath:
extra large lot, 32:6x117 to alley; plenty of room
for a stable. . . . "
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
$5 OR $10 per month will pay for a good build-
ing lot 25x120 in Sunset District, south of-
Golden Gate Park: prices from $50 upward:
take a ride on the new electric cars (that
take the place of the old steam dummy) ana
get off at Ninth aye.; we have a branch
office there and our agent will supply you :
with maps. etc. Branch office open Sundays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
AY ANTED— exchange a fine paying bakery
for lot with or without improvements. 3025
Sacramento st. - . ' ■_
! $1100 AT $10 a month; bay- window cottage;
stable and lot; street work complete. Box
4632. Call. -■ ' - ■-, :
$3600— 5500 CASH, balance installments: .a
! large 6-room 2-story house with high finished
I basement: highly decorated and 4 bay-windows;
street accepted; choice location. Castro St.,
near Twentieth. F. NELSON, 709 Castro St.
PLANS, specifications, etc.. submitted for any
kind of bldg. W. Rednall. hldr.. 1328 Hayes.
MONEY TO LOAX.,
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commlss'.on; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission.. St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin .Jewelry
Store, 543 Market est.; tel. Green 204.
ADVANCES on- furniture or pianos without re-
moval: money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest Interest. Room 68. 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
i moval; low rates; no commission; -$25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
i ANY amount at 6% ' per cent' on real estate; 3d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in" pro-
bate. R. MoCOIXJAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. i.
I MONEY loaned on' furniture and pianos without
removal. 205 Examiner building. . ■.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
! estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st
ON pianos, furniture: no removal; lowest rates;
no commission; private. -116 McAllister st.
$50 TO 150.000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d,mortg. ;
any proposition. Drydw., 413 Montgomery ft.
t OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
| OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND. REAL ESTATE.
i . .
— FOR a 3- room cottage and three nice
I lots; $25 cash; monthly installments to suit.
$75— Lots in the Allendale Tract. East Oak-
land. $5 cash, $5 monthly on one or more lots:
3 electric car lines; fine school; city water;
grand boulevard near: 35 families now.located;
view, location and soil unexcelled; building up ,
rapidly; perfect drainage. Call or send for.
circular. 453 Seventh st., cor. .Broad way, Oak-
land. H. Z. JONES, owner. "
$1400, COST $2500; story-and-a-jialf new house:
mortgage $1300; must be sold at once; $300
tash: fine neighborhood; street macadamized.
*tc. J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
J. CALLAGHAN, real estate dealer, notary
public: rrr.pprtv IrxiK»d BftPr. St,4 R-rnriwiv.
*"*—^^^^^^^^^^^
OAKLAND HOUSES. '.
COTTAGE, large grounds; good location. 441
. Sherman aye., near Thirty-sixth. ' Telegraph-
avenue cars.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The "Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES
6 ROOMS completely furnished: central loca-
tion; very cheap at $21 per month. "Address
W. A. C. box 10. Call office.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 40S Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE. - r
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
.TJBT LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200. $1700, $ISOO. $2200, $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown on the market for ' non-payment
of Installments, and they are now offered at j
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con- '
tain 4. 5. 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to j
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and stations.
-We are going to weed them out, and invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL. .
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market St..
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holiday*;.
HERE'S a . bargain— House of 6 rooms, lot 40x
.207:6; near station; good residence, or business
location; good well water; price $1250; part
cash. Address A. F. ST. ■ SURE. . attorney,
City Hall. Alameda. ' * ; ' s
ALAMEDA BARGAINS. .
$1300— Lot 33:4x100; neat house; 4. rooms and
bath; any terms. ■■-""-. ■ . •
$1500— Lot .25x15,0: .nice, house; 6 rooms and
: bath ; any terms. . • • ' _
: * $2200— Lot 25x147: nice new bhlngled 2-etory j
: house; 6 rooms and bath. • ••• .-. j
| $1500 — Lot 40x100; I-story: 7 rooms; worth ;
$2500. '
i $2800— Lot 42x150: elegant new modern cottage;
7 rooms and bath; up-to-date.
$3000— Lot 42x150; fine NW. corner; 7 rooms
j and bath: new and modern. /. - •-■
L0t,100x1.45: el. _ ant corner lot, with » rooms |
! and bath. stable, fruit trees, etc.
All well located; near : school and station;
street work done. -Apply at ence to .- '-'-;■';>
< H. P. MOREAI. & CO..
Houses to lot * ' 1432 Park pt.. Alameda.
~~ MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
John Robert Logan and Bertie L.Degg5.... 23-19
Frans.L-.Grantb.erg and Annie Dahlborn.. 34-30
George Lynch and Sophie" Mr-Cowan 29-36
Patrick O'Brien and Lulu E. Swinn 23-1S
Alfred T. Joell and Sarah N. Simmons. .. .2^-20
Thomas J. O'Connor and Clara B. Nlcholls.2S-2S
W'H Strmvbrldge and Mary E. Duffy.... so-44
Thomas Edwards and Edna O. TreTry 37-39
John Lynn and - Annie' C00k ..........' 40-40
Francis Gillon.' nnd Rowlg -T. R n'ei.-ne 44-28
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth.-, marriage, and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They -must be
handed In at either nf the publication offices
and be indorsed with, the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
• MARRIED. '
HALLORAN-BIGLEY-In this city. August 14,
1838 «by.the Rev. F. Bonn, Martin Halloran
and Jessie Mac Blgley, both of San Francisco.
HARBAUGH— BURR-rln Berkeley, August 10,
189S by the Rev. Walter Ratcliff, I. W. Har-
Z baugh of Rosedale and C. Cecile Burr' of
Berkeley •'' . . -. .' :" ■:■'-'.
MYEHS— KAHN— In- this city, 'August 14, IS9S,
by Rabbi Isidore" Myers, Murray Myers and
■'I Mabel Kahn, both of Pan Franciscco.
TOWNSEND-^PAPE.— In this city, August 10,
I ISM. by the ; Rev. -J. Fuendellng,' Nelson H. •
; Townaend" and Mathilda M.Papei,..,. :.:>>■',;'
WILLERS— WENDT— In I this city, "August -11,
3S9S, by the r Rev. . J. - : Fuendellng, - John H. A.
Willers and Beckle Wendt. "
. . . ■ ■• ■ . ■■■$Mgm v
' DIED. .', '
Antz. Carl W. ' McKeowri. Caroline
Bacci, Joseph Meyers, Lionel J.
Bothe, Dorathea A. Mogan, John P.
Bruce, William Y. Montevaldo, Orsolina
Cassarly, Myrtle M. Reed, Betsy M. - ,: ■
' Cavanagn,* Julia Riley. William J.
Daly, James H. Skead, Daniel L.
Dretz. Charles H. Smith. Mrs. C. A.
Donovan. Helen M. Starke, Louise G.
Ellis, Walter F. Walling. Celia
Hartje. Hilda L. A. Zweybrook, Fred B.
Kelly, John :"V>--. :
ANTZ— In this city, August 15. 189S, Carl W.,
beloved son of Henry and Meta Antz, and
brother of Albert H. and Fred J. Antz, a
native of San' Francisco, aged 17 years 9
months and 15 days.
GTFriends and acquaintances are re*r — *•
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents.' 1825 .Bush street, between Oc-
" tavia and Lagima. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
BACCI— In this city, August 15, 1898, Joseph,
beloved husband of Filomena Baccl, father
of Arturo Bacci, and brother of Santl. Re-
moaldo and Misaele Baccl and Emilia Din-
uccl, a native of Italy, aged 41 years.
BOTHE— In this city, August 15, IS9S, Dora-
thea A. M., dearly beloved wife of Luer
Bothe, mother of Luer and Milton T. f.v_
daughter of John and Mathilda Lorenzen.
and. sister of Mrs. H. Horwege and Willie
and Charles* Lorenzen, a native of Ohio, aged
2" years 0 months -end 20 days. . «' f ~*
[CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1212 Broderick street, between O'Far-
rell and Ellis. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
BRUCE— In Prescott, Ariz., August 11, IS9B,
.William Young Bruce, beloved husband of
Berthe Bruce, father- of Rena Bruce, son-in-
- law of Mr. and Mrs. B. Tlcoulet, and brother-
in-law of Alice and George Ticoulet, a na-
tive of Montreal, Canada, aged 35 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend .the funeral this day
S (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother-in-law,- 14 Holland place, off
Grant avenue, thence to B'nal B'rith Hall.
121 Eddy street, where services will be held.
. under the auspices of Pacific Lodge No. 136,
F. and- A. M.-. ..'■.■ ...
F. and A. M.— Pacific Lodge- No. 136, F. and
.. A. M., 121 Eddy street, 'will meet to attend
" the funeral of our brother, W, Y. Bruce,
this day (Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock. Master
■ Masons are Invited.
' . ■ GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
CASSERLY— In Ocean View. August 15, IS9S,
Myrtle M . beloved daughter of John -and
' Annie Casserly, and sister of Gertrude,- John
■ and Annie Casserly, a native of San. Fran-
cisco, aged 2 years and 9 months.
ETThe • funeral . will take place this day
' " (Tuesday), at 2'o" clock, from the residence of
her parents, 128 Broad street. Interment
• Holy: Cross Cemetery- . :
CAVANAGH — In this city, August 14, ISPS,
. Julia Cavanagh, beloved mother of the late
Eugene W. Cavanagh, a native of Ireland,
- aged 70 yenrs.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, i ; ' Middle street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church.- where a requiem high mass
• will be held for the repose of. her soul com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
• Cemetery. ' •"".■!■*"
DALY —In this city. August 14. 1898, James
Henry, -beloved husband -of the late Kate
: Daly, and father of Mrs. J. B. Story and
I Charles and Alice Daly, a native of San Fran-
cisco, -aged 13 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
; " fully invited to attend the funeral this- day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from th.- undertaking
parlors 'of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church, where serv-
ices will be held for- the repose of his soul,
' commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
DIETZ— In Fresno. August 12, 1898, Charles H..
' oldest ' BOH of Martha and the late Charles
: Diets, and brother of Lottte. Walter and
Cornelius Dietz, a native of San Francisco.
■ aged U years 9 months and 29 days.
i ft? Interment in Fresno Sunday, August 14.
DONOVAN— this city. August 15, 1898,
Helen M., beloved wife of the late Harry T.
. Donovan, and . mother of Helen A. Donovan,
a native of Sioux City. lowa, aged 24 years
■ and 11 months.
ELLJS-In this city. August IS, 1898. Walter
F beloved husband of Lillie Ellis, and
father of Pearl Ellis, a native of Pennsylva-
nia, aged 47 years. . - ; ./
(C?" Remains at the parlors of McAvoy &
■ Gallagher, 20 Fifth street.
\RTJE— In this city. August 15, 1898. Hilda
L. A., dearly beloved and only child- of
Henry and Louis Hartje, a native of ,San
Francisco, aged 1 year and S months.
E7Friend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
■ (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, southeast corner of Sixteenth
: street and Fotrero. avenue. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city, August 13, IS9S, John,
beloved husband of Fannie Kelly, father of
Joseph. John and Annie Kelly and Mrs. C.
A- Mitchell, and brother of Mrs. M. Duddjr
':• of Oakland, a native, of the pariah of Ath-
-lettugh,- County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 53
years.
''" ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited- to -attend the 'uneral this. day
. fTuesday). at 0:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 313 Twelfth street, thence to St." Jo-
Scpb'S Church, where a. requiem, high mass
v ill be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. . -.;■ .>li .:;:::.-■/;■- v : - . -. ; v. :^ :^a:-' '
McKEOWN — solemn requiem high mass will
b« celebrated for the repose of the soul of the
late Caroline Mary McKeown. beloved
mother of Mrs. J. Louney, Mrs. M. A. Hur-
IVy and John and James McKeown, at St.
Rose's Church, commencing at 9 o'clock
this (Tuesday) morning. Friends and ac-
quaintances are respectfully invited to attend.
MEYERS— In this city, August 14. 1898, Lionel
j dearly beloved husband of Mathilde Mey-
- ers, and father -of Gladys Meyers, a native
-of London. England, aged 43 years and 5
■ months. (New York papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral this. day
' (Tuesday). at - o'clock, from his late resl-
■ nee 624 Eddy street.
MOGAN— In this city, August 13. : 1898. John
Fattent. detrly beloved husband of Bid;'"a
K. Mogan and father of Joseph MogP-n. a
native of Loughrea, County GaUviy, Ire-
land aged 70 years 1 month and 20 Jd.ys.
. Cr Friends and acquaintances are rpspect-
fully' invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 8569 Folscm street, thence ■to St. Pe-
ter's Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
MONTEVALDO— In this city, August 14, 1898,
Orsolina, beloved . wife ■of John Montevaldo,
l. i v. d mother of Erminia, John and the late
Eugerie Montevaldo, and sister of Joseph do
Benedetti and- Carolina Cereghino. a native
of Italy, aged 40 years and 11 months.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this da-/
(Tuesday), ' at 10 o'clock, from the residence
Of J. de Benedetti. thence to Our' Lady"3
Church at Half moon Bay. where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.' In-
terment Half moon Bay Cemetery. San Mateo
REED— this city, August 14. 1898, Betsy M.
Reed . aged 88 years 9 months and 8 days.
inTTrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10- o'clock, from the parlors of
H. C. Bunker & CO.. 2666 Mission street, Mis-
. sion .Masonic Temple.
! RILEY— In this city, August 15, 1898. William
John, beloved son of Henry and Nan Rlley,
and brother of Marie Riley. a native of San
Francisco. aged 3 months and 2." days.
I SKEAD— In Alameda, " August 15, 1898, Daniel
Llndsrley Skead. a native of New York,; aged
'■ 65 years 6 months and 15 days. '
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, at Odd
Fellows' Hall. ' corner Park street and Santa
• Clara • avenue. Alameda. • Cremation at -Odd
Fellows'- Cemetery. San -Francisco.
SMITH— In Clayton. Contra Costa County,
August 14. 1898, Mrs. Catherine ' A. : Smith,
beloved wife of I. J. Smith, and mother of
Mrs. Ada Morgan, William B. Smith, Mrs.
T. K. Duncan and Mrs. Joseph Frank, aged
62 years 2 months and 26 days.' -* :
(C^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday).' at 10:30 o'clock. " from the fam-
; ily residence. Interment will take place In
Alhambrai Cemetery, Martinez; will arrive
i at Martinez about 2 o'clock. o
t STARKE— In this city. August 14, 1898, Louie
Grey beloved; daughter of Clara French
-Starke and the late Louis G. Starke. a native
' of San Francisco, aged 7 years 10 months and
r^Frlends are invited to attend, the funeral
this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the
family residence, ISII Eddy street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. -
WALLING- this city, August 15, is? I *. Cella.
dearly beloved wife of Oscar T. Walling,
daughter of Victor and the late Henrietta
Hlron and sister of Mrs. Henrietta Lacey
and Mary and i Victor L. Hiron. a native of
■ Australia, aged 30 years 3 months and C days.
. (£7-Notice of funeral hereafter..
ZWEYBRQOK— In this city, at his home, 2213
Flllmore street, August 14, IS9B, of pneumo-
nia Fred 8., beloved son of Mrs. H. Zwey-
, brook, and brother of Edith Zweybrook and
Mrs. Foerster. .■. ■ '" u~m\
cf^Friends are respectfully invited ■to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Tuesday),
'' at 2 o'clock, at his late residence. Interment
private.
N ? G W.— Members of Pacific Parlor No. 10,
• N. S. G. W.. will assemble for the purpose of
r attending the funeral of our late .brother,
Fred - Zweybrook. .at 2213 Fillmore street,
at 1:30 o'clock, this day (Tuesday).
LEONARD STONE, President.
J.C. MILLER. Rec-. Sec.
CARD OF THANKS. .
The mother and relatives of Charles. W.
Manwaring wish ■ to . express thanks to .- the
many friends for kindness shown in our late
. bereavement.'/' ■"■' ' - _____j^_|_
1 - McAVOY & GALLAGHER. 1 ; J
' lAIcAVOY GALLAGHER.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS <fc EMBALMERSI
;I ; r 20 FIFTH ST., opp. Lincoln School. ' . . I
• I ' v " Telephone, Sou th_SO. ' m ■■■ -■ J
" JAS. { ENGLISH. \" ":'■" \ 'T. R. ' CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
• .'undertakers and; EMBALMERi
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.. ;
C Van Nets aye.. neur : Market St., Saa
. Francisco. Telephone . So. 12 S. :
1314
SOLDIERS TRY
TO LYNCH A
LONE NEGRO
A Mob of Tennessee Men Pur
sue Him and Wreck His
Humble Home.
The Colored Man's Life Saved by the
Timely Intervention of Major
Cheatham.
The social differences as they exist in
the South between the negro and the
white man were the cause of a riot which
nearly culminated in a lynching just out
side the Presidio gates yesterday.
Danny Thomas, an Inoffensive negro
crab-nsherman. had a personal encounter
With two Tennessee soldiers, in which he
worsted them.
An eye-witness of the affair ran to the
Tennessee camp. and. bursting in on the
men. shouted: "A nigger has killed a
Tennessee boy!" In an instant the camp
was in a turmoil. With one accord the
men ran to the scene of the affray and
participated in the most remarkable
scene of its character ever enacted on this
coa-st. While there have been lynchings
here of murderers and horsethieves, there
has? never been one for such a trivial
cause as actuated the mob yesterday.
As the Tennessee men ran from their
camp they were joined by members of the
lowa and Kansas regiments, until they
blockaded the street in front of the house
in which Thomas was in hiding.
The circumstances which led up to the
riot are described differently by the two
parties. The negro affirms that he went
to Borel's saloon to deliver crabs, as is
his daily custom. He had left his home
at 3 o'clock in the morning, and reached
Borel's shortly after 7. He received 20
cents for his goods in that saloon. It was
at this time, according to his story, that
a man. who afterward proved to be Pri
vate Will Davis of Company L, Twenty
first Tennessee, and a companion named
Anderson asked him for 10 cents, with
which to buy drinks.
Ho said he had no money, and in a con
troversy that followed blows were struck.
The colored boy's fist broke the skin
over Davis 1 left eye. and also made a
gnsh in Anderson's face. When he
knocked Davis down the courier, with
oui waiting to note results, started for
the camp with the story that Davis was
killed, and t>y a negro.
This in effect, is the story also told
by Davis, with the exception that he af
firms that the crab fisherman approached
him for the price of a drink, committing
at the same time what, to him. was the
unpardonable offense of placing his hand
on the soldier's shoulder. After the quar
rel In front of Borei's, which must have
been a severe one, as blood was spat
tered all over the fr<>nt window, the
negro Btarted for his home.
He barely had time to give his mother
an outline of his quarrel with the sol
diers when their companions were upon
him. While the mother barred the way
of the pursuers, the younger children of
the family hid their brother in a tiny
attic of their home. The storm gath
ered quickly about the humble cottage.
Greenwich street, upon which it faces,
was soon filled with infuriated soldiers.
There was free access to the house
from the rear also, and that point of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IH m I £5S "™B : \g f 1 V \fesr
USE ONLY
U yiiHr •$"
FOR
AMD
For Baby's Skin S? r ,'*."• SS;
world Is so cleansing, purifying and beautiful
as CUTICURA SOAP, the most effective skin
and complexion soap, as well as the purest
and sweetest for toilet, bath and nursery. For
distressing heat : rashes, chaflngs, inflamma-
tions and eruptions, for crusted. Itching Irri-
tations of the scalp, with dry, thin and falling
hair, for red, rough hands, with shapeless
nails, and simple blemishes of Infancy it Is
absolutely without a rival.
SLEEP FOR i SKIN-TORTURED BABIES
and rest for Tired Mothers in a warm bath
■with CUTICURA SOAP, and a eingle. anoint-
ing with CUTICURA, purest of emollient skin
cures. This treatment will afford instant" re-
lief, permit rest and sleep to both parent and
child and point to . a speedy, permanent and
economical cure of itching, burning, bleeding,
scaly and crusted skin and scalp humors, with
Joss of hair, when all else falls.
" Bold throughout the world. Price. CUTICU-
RA SOAP, 25c. CUTICURA (ointment). 50c.
POTTER DRUG & CHEM. CORP. Sole Props.,
Boeton. British Depot, 1 King: Edward st.,
London, E. C. Send for All About ; Baby's
Skin, Scalp and Hair, free. (
.........
vantage was Boon occupied. Cries of
"Lynch the nigger! Get a necktie!" were
taken up by the sullen mob, who re
peated them over and over again. Neigh
bors tried to summon the police, but all
the boxes in the neighborhood were
held by the soldiers.
The mother struggled bravely to protect
her son. She held the mob back until it
grew to enormous numbers. The men
treated her shamefully. They pulled her
about by the hair, kicked and beat and re
viled her all the time. They broke all the
windows, tore down doors, broke the stove
and its terra cotta pipe, besides tearing
out a portion of the side of the house and
shingles from the roof in their rnau frenzy.
At an opportune moment Major B. F.
Cheat ham, commanding the Second Bat
talion, Tennessee Regiment, arrived. He
at once made his way Inside just ns
Fiery Southerners Bring Their Race War to the Golden Gate.
Thomas was being taken down from his I
attic hiding place. Major Cheatham drew
his revolver and said: "I will shoot the
first man who touches him." He then put
the negro in charge of two non-commis
sioned officers. On gaining the street he
was placed in the center of a guard of six
teen lowa men and marched to the Ten- i
nessee camp. Kn route and after they i
had entered the reservation some one j
Ftruek the negro with a heavy iron hook, ;
inflicting a sculp wound. The Tennessee i
men shouted at the guard: "We don't !
blame you, but we will kill that 'ere nig- !
ger!"
In the earlier stage of the riot Corporal
Mason and Private Fish of the mounted
patrol tried to disperse the mob, but were
severely handled. After Thomas had re
mained at the Tennessee camp for a short
titme he was escorted to the guardhouse
by Lieutenant J. M. Neal and Troop B,
Fourth Cavalry.
The breach of discipline of the Tennes
seeans created a profound sensation at
the Presidio. General Marcus Miller, who '■
has charge of the expeditionary forces |
at Camp MilKr, on tne Presidio Reserva- j
tion, was among the first at the Tennes- i
see camp. The colored boy proved to be
well known to him. His father. Zero
Thomas, came to this coast with the
Fourth Light Artillery in 1K72. He was
then the servant of Colonel Hasbrook.
and was a favorite with the officers. He
Is now employed as a janitor in the Ap
praisers' building.
When he saw the wreck of his little
household he stood in the yard, and with
bowed head, prayed for strength and pa
tience to stand the trial through which
he had to pass.
General Miller at once detailed Lieu
tenant Fowler of the Tennessee Regiment
to investigate the occurrence of the morn
ing. Every member of the regiment who
cannot acquit himself of participating in
the riot will be tried by courtmartial. A
board of survey will be appointed to
assess the damages to the house and
property, and this will be paid pro rata
by the men of the regiment.
Private Davis was not under arrest yes
teniay, being merely confined to his quar
ters. Last night an extra guard was
placed around the Tennessee camp, and
but five passes were allowed each com-
pany.
"My boy enme running into the hoime
all out of breath," said Mrs. Thomas yes
terday afternoon. "He hurriedly told me
that he had a fight with a couple of sol
diers and that he hit them. He said they
asked him for 10 cents, and he told them
he had no money. One of them wanted
to pass on, but the other showed fight. I
heard the BOldlerfl coming at this time,
and told my son to hide while I kept them
off. They stood outside the back yard for
a time and I talked to tuem. I heard
some one Bay, The Tennessee men will
be here soon and then we will get him.'
"The crowd gathered quickly and soon
swarmed all over the place. They yelled,
•Hang him! Lynch the nigger! Get a
rope! Get a necktie!"
"While this was going on my other chil
dren hid Danny in the attic. The men
soon commenced to run all over the
place and pulled me about by the hair
and kicked and beat me. They pelted the
house with stones and bricks and also had
axes and long iron poles. They knocked
the plastering down, overturned the stove
and broke the cement stovepipe, scatter
ing fishes and soot in every direction.
They abused me shamefully when I went
upstairs where Danny was. I found they
had a lighted lamp looking for him in the
dark corners.
"When they located Danny he reasoned
with them, but to no purpose. It was
about this time the soldiers went up
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALX, TUESDAY, AUGUST 10, 1898.
where he was and were just bringing him
down when the officer came. As far as I
could see he was not hurt up to this
time."
Major B. F. Cheatham, commanding the
Second Battalion, Tennessee Regiment,
accompanied by First Lieutenant A. J.
Law, Company C, noticing the commo
tion, followed the men out of hip camp.
"I called out to many of them to go back
to the camp, and they did so " he said
yesterday. "When I arrived at the house
I found a mob gathered there, made up of
Tennessee, lowa and Kansas men. I at
once went In and arrived Just at the mo
ment they were bringing the negro down
through the small trapdoor leading to the
attic Just before this the soldiers hesi
tated about going up after him, saying:
'He has a knife, and will cut the first
man's head off who tries to get him.'
Some one volunteered, saying: Shoot me
up through there: I'll bring him down.'
"He was doing so when I entered the
room, and I drew my pistol and said, 'I
will shoot the first man who touches him.'
I placed the negro under guard of the
man who brought him down and of a ser
geant, and ordered the men to fall back
at 'attention.' I then marched him up the
street toward the camp, with an addition
al guard of sixteen men from the lowa
regiment. These were relieved part way
to the Tennessee lines by a guard from
our own rejeiment. We kept him until
Lieutenant J. M. Neals, Troop B of Cav
alry, took him to the Presidio giiard-
Prlvate Will Davis of the Tennessee
Regiment, who created all the strife, made
the following statement:
"Early in the morning I went to the tent
of the Catholic Truth Society, which is
erected at a point near where the Union
street cars enter the reservation, to mail
two letters. Near there I met an old man
named Anderson, who told me he had a
dime and asked me to have a drink. I
went with him to the saloon of Leon Bo
rel, 2840 Baker street, where we each had
a srlass of beer.
"We then went out on the sidewalk,
when Anderson asked me for a match
with which to light a cigarette. I said I
had none and we went back to get a
match. While there I rolled a cigarette.
Just as I finished a young negro came in
and placing his hand on my shoulder said:
'Am t you going to sot me up this drink."
I told him that I had no money, that An
derson had just treated me. The negro
then turned to Anderson and said: 'Why
don't you treat us black folks here like
you do your black folks at home?' Ander
son simply said, 'We do!'
"In the course of this passage of words
we reached the sidewalk. The negro con
tinued the controversy, saying: 'You are
a liar, you don't. We are just as-good as
any of" you white people. Just because
you have on blue clothes, don't you think
you can run over the black folks of San
Francisco.
"Anderson then cursed the negro and the
latter struck at him. They were fighting
when 1 stooped down to pick up a brick.
As I raised up, the negro strucH me ove,r
the left eye with what I think was a pair
of brass knuckles. That staggered me,
but I held the brick and struck the negro,
knocking him down. I hit him and kicked
him several times. By this time a small
crowd had gathered. The negro jumped
up and ran toward his home. When ho
neared there he shouted something back J
at us. We followed to find out what he
said. When we reached him again the
negro struck Anderson and I struck him
with a stone. All this wm in a running
tight. The negro ran In his house and
some one In the crowd, which numbered j
abemt twenty-flve men, proposed that
they get the negro out and lynch him.
I do not remember any of the subsequent
proceedings or how I got back to camp."
PLAYED TAG WITH DEATH.
Raymond Sweeney Killed by a Coalcart and William
Carroll Injured by a Streetcar.
While playing tag, Raymond Sweeney, a thirteen-year-old boy,
was struck by the pole of a coal cart anrl instantly killed about 9
o'clock last evening near the corner of Mission and Twenty-fourth
streets. Immediately after the boy had been killed the horses swerved
and collided with a south-bound Mission street car, No. 1028. Will
iam Carroll, the driver of the cart, was thrown in front of the car
and seriously injured.
Witnesses of the accident place no blame on F. T. Jackson, the
motorman, and although arrested, he was released on his own rec
ognizance. Young Sweeney had been playing with another boy and as
the coal wagon approached from the south and the car from the north,
he dodged in between the two and was struck in the face by the pole,
the force of the blow crushing in the skull. The car was on its last
trip and was going at an unusual rate of speed. The light from the
car falling upon a repair wagon which was standing in the street is
supposed to be what frightened the horses.
The front end of the car was splintered, the glass broken and tho
passengers considerably shaken up by the collision. The pole and
dashboard of the coal wagon were broken and both horses cut by the
car though neither one of them was injured badly.
13. Philkill, living at 2402 Mission street, saw the accident and
picked the boy up and placed him on the sidewalk. Dr. T. C. Park
was summoned, but finding the boy dead, turned her attention to the
injured man. He was in an unconscious condition and hardly breath
ing. He was removed to the City and County Hospital. Up to a late
hour he had not regained consciousness. Carroll is a married man
with three children, residing at 18 V 2 Stevenson place. He has been
driving a wagon for the Tesla Coal Company but two weeks, having
been laid up In the hospital with a broken leg for three months before
he took the position.
Raymond Sweeney was the son of Morgan M. Sweeney, a plumber
and tinner, in business at Crockett. The boy lived with his mother,
six sisters and three brothers at 340G Twenty-fourth street.
RAISE A "SACK"
TO FIGHT FOR
THEIR SHAME
The Action of the Supervisors
In Closing Berry Place
Ignored.
Strange Apathy of the Police in Enforcing
the Recent Decision of the City
Fathers.
Notwithstanding the action of the
Board of Supervisors in ordering Berry
street closed, no attempt has been made
by the Chief of Police to carry out the
edict of the city fathers. At their meet
ing a week ago the Supervisors passed an
order declaring that public decency was
being outraged by the disreputable in
habitants of the houses on Berry place,
and making it unlawful for any person
to rent the property for immoral pur
poses or for any one to maintain any of
the buildings on the street as a disorderly
house. In addition to the ordinance, the
Chief of Police was specially instructed
to carry out the desires of the board.
Mayor Phelan, immediately after the
passage of the order, sent a copy to
Chief Lees with instructions to enforce
it. For some reason the head of the
Police Department paid no attention to
the edict of the board, and as the result
the denizens of the street still flaunt their
shame, apparently safe from police inter
ference.
When asked last night why he had
neglected to enforce the order the Chief
rather innocently replied that he knew
nothing about the character of the women
who infest Berry street. He denied flhat
he had been officially notified by Mayor
Phelan of the action of the Supervisors
and declared that he would not drive out
the horde of disreputable women until he
got ready.
Despite the vigorous derdal of the Chief
it is known that yesterday he ordered one
of th^ clerks In his office to have a num
ber of notices printed calling the atten
tion of the denizens of the street to the
action of the Supervisors and ordering
them to vacate within five days after be
ing served with the notice. In the mean
time the owners of the disreputable
houses are raising a substantial purse,
presumably for the purpose of fighting
the order.
The police claim that the money is to
be used in erecting a massive gate at the
entrance to the street, similar to the one
used In another portion of the tenderloin
district. The owners of the dens are
satisfied that by erecting the gate Chief
Lees and his minions will not interfere
with the inmates of the street.
Notwithstanding- the claim that the
"sack" is to be used in building a gate, It
is whispered that the money is to be
"placed" where it will do the most good.
One of the principal property owners, it
is said. Is handling the sack, and is confi
dent of success. He is said to have re
marked that with the liberal distribution
of money he could influence the authori
ties not to close the street.
Last Saturday a poilce officer verbally
notified the inmates of the dens that they
would have to vacate. As they received
no official notification they refused to
move unless ordered to do so by the
courts. This would seem that they are
determined to make a fight, evidently hop-
Ing that the "sack" (which they helped to
fill) will influence the authorities not to
interfere with them.
A WELSHMAN WHO
EXPLORES VOLCANOES
SEARCHING FOR A DEPOSIT OF
SULPHUR.
Says That a Fortune Is to Be Found
in One of the Right
Sort.
An odd appearing character, with an
odd vocation, jS T. Jl Vaughn Rhys, a
Welshman. lie is a young man, appar
ently about 30 years of age, and frequents
the most expensive hotels in a dirty suit
of canvas. His spectacled eyes of deep
blue, prominent Grecian nose and well
cut mouth are noticeable features of a
comely physiognomy. If Mr. Rhys cared
for his looks he would certainly lind fa
vor with the ladies.
His occupation Is a very lonesome one.
It is searching for volcanoes with sul
phureted moutns. and when he finds one,
no matter whether it l>e in the beetling
regions of Western South America, amid
the Titanic upheavals of Asia or among
the smoke vent holes of Alaska, he
promptly notifies his home office, located
in Australia. At the same time he sends
back samples of the sulphur he finds,
after treatment in a peculiar apparatus
which he carries with him. Mr. Rhys
recently arrived in New York direct from
Australia, crossing the country ).y way of
the Canadian Pacific, and stopped for a
few days in Seattle.
"I am going north in search of suitable
volcanoes," remarked Mr. Rnys. '(:•■
suitable 1 mean those which produce <?ood
sulphur. They an very rau-. bo far 1
have not found one on the American con
tinent that is just to my taste.
"Some of the American volcanoes have
large beds of sulphur, but it is of an in
■ ferior grade. Now 1 am arranging to
make a trip in a schooner along the en
tire chain of the Aleutians, which, I un
derstand, abound in active volcanoes.
Perhaps I shall find ther>i what I want.
The trip will lake me some months, as
the islands streich 1100 miles across the
Pacific.
"If 1 can find :i volcano of the ri^ht sort
1 have got a fortune. Some time ago I
patented in England an apparatus for
handling and purifying sulphur In large
quantities, at tne crater where it is found.
But it doesn't pay to meddle with a poor
grade. You know that to-day nearly all
the sulphur used by manufacturers in
America comes from Sicily. It Is the
best grade that can bo found. But it
costs money to brln« it so far. If an
American deposit can be discovered which
is almost v good as the Sicilian sulphur
1 will be able to clarify It and supply the
country. Anybody who will put me next
to a good volcano can make a handsome
thing out of it. I have been traveling
now for several years in various volcanic
regions of the worM, but especially in
South America, looking for sulphur, giome
months ago 1 returned to Australia, my
home, where I have several financial
backers, and recently made a fresh start.
"You would be surprised to know the
| value of a good sulphur-producing vol
cano. One of the right sort in America
would be worth more than a gold mine on
the Klondike."
WHEAT HOLDERS MAY
BE OVERCONFIDENT
Reports From All Quarters Indicate
an Ample Supply, Which Prom
ises No Immediate improve
ment in Prices.
The wheat situation during the past
seven days, while .showing a loss of 3
cents in September wheat In the Chicago
market shows more than this to the
trade. On Monday September wheat sold
at 65c. advancing to ST^c on Friday, the
cause being attributed to the urgent de
mand for spot by interior millers.
It is only natural that millers' wants
should be temporarily urgent. Farmers
have their ideas screwed to prires which
conditions will not warrant. They are
not going to realize this fact until the
spot demand becomes a question of find
ing buyers instead of buyers urging sell
ers.
The Government report issued August
10 assures a crop (winter and spring
wheat) of 700,000,000 bushels. Considera
tion must be given actual conditions
abroad. Foreigners are not requiring as
much American wheat this year as last,
simply because crops ahroad are consid
erable larger than requirements. The re
sult will be that producers will arrive at
the true condition all at onre and a rush
of wheat will be thrown upon the mar
ket greater than the demand can care
for, thereby sending prices below a legiti
mate basis.-
The spring wheat harvest hfjj set in
under favorable conditions. Duiuth and
Minneapolis anticipate heavy receipts
during the next sixty days. Winter wheat
holders must now encounter this el«ment
against prices. The demand for spot
wheat abroad was the result of low stocks
held by millers. The English harvest is
not far distant, when millers will have
ample offerings from home farmers. Re
ports early in the week gave the Russian
wheat prospects as very gloomy; actual
facts do not carry out the truth of these
reports. . Private advices from Antwerp,
which may be relied upon, give conditions
as good throughout the greater section of
Schwartz, Dupee & Co.'? special crop
expert cables them from Berlin that the
wheat crop in Germany promises the best
ever made. Conditions throughout Frame
are reported exceedingly favorable. On
Saturday Russia and Koumania offered
wheat 10 marks — equal to about 6 cents —
below America's price, showing behind
this was assurance of a good harvest.
Minneapolis and Duluth reported No. 2
wheat selling 6 cents lower on Saturday
than on Friday. Country offerings
showed a marked increase. The bulls in
wheat tried hard to work up enthusiasm
on war rumors between England and
Russia. Speculators have fought these
wars so frequently they have learned to
smell powder before running.
The situation is one that promises no
immediate improvement in wheat prices.
The longer one waits the lower prices
promise. California producers are now in
direct competition with their more fav
ored friends in the north. Washington
and Oregon wheat will soon be for sale
at prices enough less to admit of ship
ment to California points.
Barley grows weaker as time passes on.
Considerable barley is being received from
the north. The spot market is feature
less. Lower prices are almost sure
R. E. MULCAHY.
SUTRO'S ESTATE INSOLVENT.
It Is Said That the Indebtedness Can
Be Paid if Creditors
. Will Wait.
The Sutro estate is declared to be in
solvent, though capable of liquidating all
indebtedness provided the creditors do not
insist upon forcing their demands for im
mediate payment.
Mortgages to the amount of one-quarter
of its value stand against the estate, a
fact of which the legal advisers and rela
tives of Mr. Sutro were In ignorance until
Dr. Emma Merrltt came into the knowl
edge at the time of taking charge as
guardian.
When the legal declaration of in«>mpe
tency of the millionaire was made by the
courts foreclosures were freely threat
ened. The negotiations for the sale of the
electric railroad, in which Mr. Sutro had
some $260,000 interest, were said to have
been undertaken to relieve the estate of
Its immense indebtedness.
Reuben H. Lloyd persists that there is
no second will left by the deceased mill
ionaire, and alleges that Mrs. Kluge was
not the wife of the decedent.
Zweybruch Died Anyhow.
Berthold Zweybruch. the private in tho
Utah Cavalry who attempted suicide last
Thursday in a drug store by taking
morphine, died yesterday morning of
pneumonia, and his body was taken to
the Morgue.
Autopsy Surgeon Gallapher found on
examining the remains*, that the poison
was not the cause of dni. the deceased
having- recovered Croni3Bfc efforts of th.
morphine. The decease cniad been a drug
gist in the service, of Redington & Co..
in this city, and enlisted in tho Utah
Cavalry shortly after the breaking out
of the war with Spain.
Tea Samples deduced.
The Secretary of the Treasury has de
cided that samples of merchandise that
have no commercial value and not sub
ject to sale may be admitted free of
duty. Tea sampies to be admitted free
must not be of more than one ounce
each.
Denounced as Frauds.
Thomas C.arrett. an ex-employe of The
Call stereotyping rooms, whose recent
affliction of the eyes has made him wholly
blind, denounces the persons who have
been collecting money on his behalf as
being engaged In fraud. He has author
ized no one to solicit money for him.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SrrLUil Sal h
TO=DAY !
1O dozen
Ladies' Italian Cloth
UNDERSKIRTS!
Black ground with figured
and striped designs.
A new material that looks
like silk.
SPECIAL
At $2.50 Each -
KOHLBERG,
STRAUSS &
FROHIYIAN,
107-109 POST STREET,
1220, 1222 and 1224 MARKET STREET.
"v United States Branch.
STATEMENT
" OF THE — -
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
THURINGIA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ERFURT, GERMANY. OX THB
31st day of December, A. IX 1897. and for
the year ending on that day, as' made to tha
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, - pursuant to the provisions of section*
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $336,150 00
Cash In company's office 91 01
Cash in banks 32,000 00
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 2,166 67
Premiums In due course of collection 109,003 87
Total assets $539,44155
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of adjustment or
in suspense 23.559 55
Losses resisted. including expenses.. 6,134 90
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $304,693 43;
reinsurance 50 per cent.. 132,346 71
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $95,252 04;
"reinsurance pro rata 75.203 47
All other demands against the com-
pany •• 25.711 55
Total liabilities ?255,958 IS
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $368,030 92
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 10,000 00
Total Income ....'. $376,030 9?
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding $1,304 74, losses of previous
years) $107,460 7J
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 105,423 25
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 21,310 70
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 6.710 15
All other payments and expenditures 107,747 54
Total expenditures $345,657 38
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $129.745 58
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of . risks
written during the year $44,519,941 $597,709 70
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 19.590,070 f 257.446 11
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1597 30.364.615 399,975 47
F. G. VOSS, United States Manager.
Subscribed end sworn to before me this ISth
day of January. IS9B. MARK A. FOOTE.
Commissioner for California in Chicago.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
Manager Pacific Coast Department,
204-208 SANSOME STREET,
- BAN FRANCISCO. ___
STATEMENT
OF TH^
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
. OF THE
Frankfort Marine and Accident
INSURANCE COMPANY.
OF FRANKFORT. GERMANY. ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1597. and for
the year ending on that day, as made to th«
Insurance Commissioner, of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of section.
CIO and 811 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up in M 0 w
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company fir??? W>
Loans on bonds and mortgages C 44,.,,.. iw
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company «0.9j>9 «
Cash in company's office ,m «vr Ss
Cash In bank 5...... ...... .... —. — — *»■
Interest due and accrued on all „
stocks and loans... ...• ;•••;••" K l-£s ovi
Premiums in due course of collection 63.233 54
Due from other companies for rein-
Burance on losses already paid Z-*>.S3> 08
Total assets • '• U. 635.521 49
' LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid... — .... J151.346 50
on marine and in-
land P na?&n • risks, reinsurance
100 per «nt ■-••■ ■£ ' " ma rine" ' time i^oijs,
L^V-P o^ner departments... 299.632 50
A U dd n ce d mandr a ga.n S nh;-com: '
I pany ._• " '
Total liabilities 1926.629 92.
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for ma- ?4 1,0155,
rine premiums — .. 541,,010 82
Received^ for ■ p^mlums^ .-in other
Received for interest and dividends
" on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 31.62$ 51
Received from all other sources...... 142,042 '2
Total income $1,303,505 53
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for marine losses.. $331,101 64
Dividends to stockholders..: ...... 62,500 00
Paid or allow.-d for commission or
brokerage ."..*..' 15tS2S «
Paid for salaries, fees and other ...,.,
charges for officers, clerks, etc — 45,0« 84
Paid . for State, national ■ and local ':■■
taxes .•...........-......•.'..•....*"••• 5,599 44
All other payments and expenditures = 546.933 OS
Paid-- for losses in branches other
than marine _ 156,99 a 96
-•~ Total expenditures ../. t1.30J.50S 53
■;-;• F GERSON. President.
— p. DUMCKE, Secretary.
Subscribed 'and sworn to before me this 4th
day of April, 1898.. FRANK H. MASON,
United States Consul General.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
Manager Pacific Ccast Department,- _ a
204-208 SANSOME STREET,
; BAN FRANCISCO..