VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 144.
PHELAN'S EXPENSE
AFFIDAVIT WAS QUEER
The "Purity" Candidate
Swore to What Could
Not Be True.
WHAT PHELAN
SWORE TO
I, James D. Phelan,
do solemnly swear that
I have paid the sum of
$250 for my expenses
at said election, and no
more; and that, except
as aforesaid, 1 have not,
nor to the best of my
knowledge and belief,
has any person, club,
society or association,
on my behalf, directly or
indirectly, made any
payment, or given,
promised, or offered any
reward, office, employ
ment orvaluableconsid
eration, or incurred
an\ liability on account
of or in respect of the
conduct or management
of said election.
■-■-■- ■- ■- ■ -■ -■- ■-■- ■ -
JAMES D. PHELAN. the "heftine"
Mayor of San Francisco who per
mitted Wldber to loot the treasury,
the "holier than ihou" candidate for j
Mayor who says there is not an honest ,
or fit Democrat in five wards, the hypo- ;
critical advocate of purity in politics
Who Bald Pternberg: should be imprison- j
ed for life for cofcmizing one Senatorial
di = tr:ct, and then himself, assisted in
five wards with his personal candi- •
dates, made oath that his expenses |
during the campaign of 1896 were not j
nioxa the-. J2.%0. but i» its known that he
paid to newspapers alone more than j
during thlt campaign, and the
men who managed that campaign say
that "he loosened up to the extent of
$40,000."
In his affidavit, filed with the County
Clerk, Phelan sweaVs that not more
than J250 were spent by or for him, to
the best of his knowledge and belief.
Does any sane man think that James
Fac-Simile of Receipts Given to Phelan by the Committees.
The San Francisco Call
ESTIMATED ADVER
TISING EXPENSES.
Paid to Dem.
Committee $ 180 00
Non Partisan
Committee 70 00 I
Wasp 500,00 |
Monitor 500 00 ,
Examiner ... 212 80
Chronicle 139 50
Call 100 00
Bulletin 125 00
Report 100 00
Post 100 00
News Letter 100 00
Other papers
about 500 00
Total $2627 30
And his friends say
that he "loosened" to
the extent of $40,000.
D. Phelan has neither knowledge nor
belief that more than $250 were spent
for him during the i -mpaign of 1896?
Such an idea is so preposterous that
it brings a smile to the fare of the mer
est tyro in politics. But there is
something more than presumption that
this "pure" politician spent much more
than the $260 which, under oath, he
says was the total expended during that
campaign, "by or for him." Every
newspaper in the city received money
from Phelan during that campaign for
advertising — legitimate- advertising —
and in addition to this legitimate ad
vertising the $übsidized Bulletin emit
ted several thousand brays, and it did
not emit those brays for its health as
every one knows, nor is Phelan the first
man who has been fooled by an ass in
a lion's skin.
It is known that Phelan's candidacy
was extensively advertised in the "Wasp
during the campaign, and this could not
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1898.
have cost less than $500. The strange
part of it is the disparity in the
amounts paid to the Wasp and the $üb
sldized Bulletin, for the Wasp is one
MAYOR PHELAN'S AFFIDAVIT.
of the brightest weekly papers in the
West — a paper with character and
standing in the community — a paper of
enterprise and brains — the paper that
inaugurated colored cartoons in the
press of the country and virtually revo
lutionized the printer's art; the $ub-
Bldieed Bulletin is everything that a
decent newspaper la not — decadent in
its Ideas and vulgar in Its habits — a
paper sordid in in its avarice and venal
In its likes and dislikes — a paper that
Is notorious for prostituting its columns
for pay — a paper devoid of honor and
without consistency.
During: that campaign the Monitor
devoted a page to Phelan and his candl-
dacy. Those who have had business deal
ings with the Monitor know that a page
in tho Monitor costs about $500, and It
is not reasonable to presume that the
Monitor grave this page for less than
it would to other advertisers. During
that campaign Phelan's political card
appeared In nearly all of the weekly
and daily papers in the city, and these
cards were paid for at regular adver
tising rates, which amounted to about
$2600. How does this purifier of poli
tics reconcile this fact with his affi
davit? Either he, or some one for him,
paid for this advertising, and it is past
belief that it was paid for "without his
knowledge."
Thousands of dollars — his managers
say $40,000— were paid out by and for
Phelan during the campaign of 1896, yet
this is what Phelan states under oath:
"I, James D. Phelan, having been a
candidate for the office of Mayor, at
the election held in the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California,
on the 3d day of November, 1896, do
solemnly swear that I have paid the
sum of $250 for my expenses at said
election, and no more, and that, except
as aforesaid, I have not, nor to the
best of my knowledge and belief, has
any person, club, society or associa
tion on my behalf, either directly or in
directly, made any payment, or given,
promised or offered any reward, office,
employment or valuable consideration,
or incurred any liability on account of
or in respect of the conduct or man
agement of said election, and except
such moneys as may have been paid or
expended by the committee selected as
prescribed by the act of the Legisla
ture of this State, approved February
23, 1893; and I further solemnly swear
that, except as aforesaid, no money, se
curity or equivalent for money, has to
my knowledge or belief, been paid, ad
vanced, given or deposited by any one,
to, or in the hands of myself, or any
other person, for the purpose of defray
ing any expenses incurred on my be
half, or in aid of my election, or on ac
count of or in any respect of the con
duct or management of said election.
And I further solemnly swear that I
will not at any future time make or be
a? party to the making or giving of any
payment, reward, office, employment or
valuable consideration for the purpose
of defraying any such expenses as last
mentioned, or provide or be a party to
the providing of any money, security,
or the eaulvalent for. money, for the
purpose of defraying any such ex
pense."
The affidavit could not be mad 4 more
specific and aweeping. It covers every
possible contingency of expenditure.
It leaves no loophole of escape, except
it possibly may be that clause which
states "except such moneys as may
have been paid to or expended by the
committee selected as prescribed by
the act of the Legislature of this State,
approved February 23, 1893."
The act of the Legislature Bnecifled
Continued on Seventh Page.
PAID TO SILENCE
HIS BLACKGUARDISM
Hearst's Secret Compact With the
Southern Pacific Com
pany.
The terms of the- secret agreement be
tween the Examiner and the Southern
Pacific Company aro at last public prop
erty. It will be remembered that consid
erable interest was created by the In
formation that the Examiner hod re
ceived $30,000 from the railroad, ostensibly
for advertising space on a World's Fair
edition. The railroad at that time, need
ed no advertisement from the Examiner.
The sum of money exacted by W. R.
Hearst and paid by the Southern Pacific
Company did not represent value re
ceived in the sense that Hearst and his
managers asked the public to believe.
The money was paid for another pur
pose, that was clearly understood by
Hearst and the Southern Pacific people.
The proprietor of the "Monarch of the
Dailies" demanded $30,000 aa his price to
cease mallclou* attacks upon the rail
road and the varied interests it repre
sents. The officials of the road recognized
the wisdom of acceding to the demand,
but in doing so they forced from Hearst a
secret agreement that in consideration
for the money received he would show no
malice nor malignity in his paper toward
Southern Pacific interests. The railroad
men did not ask for fairness. They
framed a contract that Hearst accepted,
and in accepting admitted that he had
been paid $30,000 to be decent In his
treatment of a great corporation.
The terms of this agreement have been
closely guarded, both by Hearst and
Southern Pacific officials. By the con
sent of those Interested both parties to
the transaction decided to feign what the
public believed to be their true relation
ship. The Examiner was permitted to |
HEARST'S SECRET AGREEMENT WITH THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC AND ITS ACCEPTANCE
BY THE RAILROAD OFFICIALS.
The company is to enjoy immunity from hostility in the col
umns of the Examiner, and is not to D 3 the victim of malicious
attack or criticism or of misrepresentation; that the Examiner
will not seek to create hostile sentiment in the minds of this
community against the Southern Pacific Company or any of the
interests it represents, and that while not stipulating as against
all criticism, it agrees that criticism shall not proceed from any
motive of malice or malignity, and that such criticism as may be
found necessary to keep and maintain the confidence of the pub
lic, to the extent that any public sentiment may have been
created from other sources, is to be avoided as much as possible.
COLONEL CROCKER: The
above is my understand
ing. How does it conform
to your understanding?
W. H. MILLS.
The above contract was duly entered into by the Southern
"Pacific Company, and the money 1 will be paid by the Treasurer of
the company to the San Francisco Examiner or order when due
according to the terms thereof.
San Francisco, July 21, 1893.
continue its bogus attacks upon the rail
road, but Charles F. Crocker, A. N.
Towne and W. H. Mills had In their pob
session a document that guaranteed that
all attacks of the Examiner would mean
nothing serious.
In order to deceive its readers the Ex
aminer was given a document that read
as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO, June 29, 1892.
C. M. Palmer Esq., Business Man
ager of the Examiner, San Francisco,
Gal.— Dear Sir: We hereby agree to
engage space in the Grand Special
World's Fair Edition of the San
Francisco Examiner, matter to be fur
nished by us, including cuts, of twen
ty pages or one hundred and forty
columns, for which the Southern Pa
cific Company agre#s to pay Thirty
Thousand. Dollars ($30,000), Gold
Coin of the United States, payable at
the rate of One Thousand Dollars
($1OOO) per month, the flrart month
ly installment to become due and
payable August 31, 1892, and run
ning thence at the rate of One Thou
sand Dollars ($1OOO) pe^ month, or
in large installments, at the option
of the Southern Pacific Company; and
all in accordance with an agreement
HEARST'S ASSIGNMENT OF BOODLE.
July 24, 1893.
For value received I hereby assign the
within claim against the Southern Pacific Com
pany, balance due thereon at this date being
$19,000, to the First National Bank of San Fran
cisdo. The Examiner,
W. R. HEARST.
Witness: I. C. STUMP.
entered Into between the Examiner
management and C. F. Crocker, A.
N. Towne and William H. Mills, on
behalf of the Southern Pacific Com
pany; it being understood that the
said edition shall hare a minimum
issue of Five Hundred Thousand
Copies, and the same shall be pub-
lished simultaneously in San Fran
cisco and Chicago, on or about the
date of the official opening of the
Columbian Exposition.
And it is further agreed that the
said matter shall be subject of en
largement, alteration and revision at
the option of the Southern Pacific
Company at any time prior to Feb
ruary 1, 1893. Yours truly,
W. H. MIIiLS,
For the Southern Pacific Co.
CHAS. F. CROCKER,
Vice President.
San Francisco, July 21, 1893.
To a casual reader this contract is a
certificate of the falsehood that the Ex
aminer received from the Southern Pacific
Company $30,000 for space in a World's
Fair edition. The contract seems noth
ing more than a simple business proposi
tion. The railroad certainly had a right
to exercise its own discretion in reference
to what it believed was its best financial
interests. If Southern Pacific officials
were convinced that an advertisement in
the Examiner was worth $30,000 the affair
This agrees with my
understanding quite fully.
Certainly nothing less
would be satisfactory.
CHARLES F. CROCKER.
June 18.
CHARLES F. CROUKJbK,
Vice President.
could not reasonably be the concern of
any one else.
This was the impression that both
Hearst and the railroad people sought to
create. Hearst did so to sustain his bur
lesque antagonism to the Southern Pacific
Company, and the railroad people did so
for the same reason that a wayfarer
throws up his hands when he is com
manded to do so on a lonely way. The
railroad sought to protect itself against
malice and what some people call black
mail.
In the contract that the public was al
lowed to read is a line that was deeply
significant. Hearst knew that $30,000 was
assured to him.and'he felt he had been
clever enough to conceal the real purpose
of the payment of the money. The
World's Fair edition of tne "monarch"
was certainly large enough to hide a
transaction that would not look particu
larly pleasant In the light. But the
| Southern Pacific people were cleverer
j than W. R. Hearst. One part of the pub
! lished contract reads: "And all In ac
cordance with an agreement entered into
I between the Examiner management and
! C. F. Crocker. A. N. Towne and Willfam
I H. Mills, on behalf of the Southern Pa
cific Company."
These words tell the story of the secret
contract and explain the reason why the
Southern Pacific Company paid W. R.
Hearst $30,000. The railroad did not pay
that turn of money to the Examiner for
an advertisement. The Southern Pacific
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
needed no newspaper support that the
Examiner could give. The money waa
paid to silence the malice and the malig
nity of the "Monarch." "VV. R. Hearst ac
cepted another agreement for the $30,000
he received. He promised not to be ma
licious nor deliberately to misrepresent
the Southern Pacific Campany to the pub
lic. He agreed not to seek to create a
hostile sentiment In the public mind
against the corporation. He promised to
criticize the railroad only on a basis of
justice. But In promising all this he
asked the Southern Pacific Company to
allow him to wear his mask of false Rn
tagonism and to continue to deceive the
public into a belief that his "Monarch"
was still hostile to Southern Pacific inter
ests.
Under these conditions the secret agree
ment was made and signed. The Call
publishes the document in full this morn
ing. In connection with the contract ara
published also the comments made by
Charles F. Crocker, A. N. Towne and "W.
H. Mills. These gentlemen knew what
they were doing and with whom they
were dealing. They seemed to know that
$30,000 was a bait for the proprietor and
managers of the "Monarch" and they de
termined to have at least a small hook
below the bait. If they were forced to
throw up their hands they could at least
demand Immunity from malice.
Since the information was first given to
the public that Hearst had actually re
ceived 130,000 from the Southern Paciflo
Company the proprietor of the Examiner
has attempted to create the impression
that personally he knew nothing of the
transaction. He has striven to throw tha
odium of the affair upon his employes In
his business office. The public contract
As I understand the
talk the above covers the
understanding fully.
A. N. TOWNE.
has been flaunted In an effort to prove
this untruth. Presumably the whole in
cident was inspired and carried to a con
clusion in the Examiner business office.
The records published this morning tell
another story. The following flgrures show
when and how part of the money waa
paid:
MONARCH OF THE DAILIES.
San Francisco, July 21, 1802.
W. H. Mills, Southern Pacific Land
Agent,
To Examiner, Dr.
1893.
June 4, 1893, for advertis
ing World's Fair edition.s3o,ooo
September 1, 1892, by cash. 1,000
October 1, by cash 1,000
November 23 M 1,000
1893.
February 15 M 1,500
April 25 " 3,500
June 8 M 2,000
July 10 " 1,000
$11,000
Balance $1 9,000
1893.
August 10, paid on account. $1,000
September 11 *« " 1,000
October 10 M " 1,000
November 10 " M 1,000
December 10 " " 1,000
1894.
January 10 " N 1,000
February 14 M " 1,000
March 12 " " 1,000
April 11 " " 1,000
May 10 " " 1,000
June 11 M M 1,000
The assignment of the remainder of the
money to the First National Bank of San
Francisco shows who conducted the ne
gotiations with the Southern Pacific and
who received the money. W. R. Hearst
made the assignment over his own signa
ture. He knew of the entire affair, and
he as well as the Southern Pacific offi
cials knew for what purpose the money
waa paid.2
HENRY T. GAGE
CONTINUES TO
GAIN FRIENDS
Welcome to the Next
Governor.
WOODLAND'S DEMONSTRATION
PROCESSION FORMED TO ESCORT
THE STANDARD-BEARER.
People of Yolo County Assemble in
Great Numbers to Hear the
Issues of the Campaign
Expounded.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Oct. 21.— Henry T.
Gage, Jacob Xeff and General W. H. L.
Barnes, whose tour of Placer and Ne
vada counties awakened such great
demonstrations uf enthusiasm among
the miners, farmers and others of the
industrial classes of the region, arose
before 5 o'clock at Grass Valley this
morning and boarded the narrow gauge
train for Coif ax. They arrived at Col
fax, the home of the honored and popu
lar Jacob .Neff. at 7 o'clock, and at that
early hour were greeted with music by
the band and saluted by the cheers of
citiz>
Mr. Neff remained at home to rest for
a day or two, while the standard-bearer
proceeded, according to the schedule of
the State Central Committee appoint
ments, to Woodland, via Sacramento.
At the capital General Barnes was al
lowed by the committee one day's rest.
He will join Mr. Gage to-morrow and
speak with the standard-bearer and
champion of the people in Shasta Coun
ty to-morrow night.
United States Senator George C. Per
kins arrived this evening and Joined
Mr. Gage. Earlier in the day William
Hamilton and Colonel D. M. Burns ar
rived from San Francisco. Woodland
is the old home of Colonel Burns, and
he counts among the dwellers in the
county of Yolo many friends.
The Woodland band discoursed en
livening music when the Republican
standard-bearer alighted from the
train. He was greeted by a reception
committee consisting of M. D. Cham
berlin, chairman of the Yolo County
Central Republican Committee; W. C.
tis, W. R, Pond, A. < '. Ruggles, J.
O. Chalmers, George Abbey, E. H.
Archer, Judge E. E. Gaddis, George
Hoppin, A. J. Plant, J. Ruth Jr. and J.
H. Dv:
A large throng of Republicans at the
railroad station cheered the standard
.■ r. A procession was formed with
the band leading, and to the strains of
inspiring music the standard-bearer was
rted to Byrns Hotel. The commit
tee perceiving that Mr. Gage was fa
tigued by the exacting duties of the
brilliant campaign arranged that he
should get two huurs' rest. This, in
deed, was a welcome boon. During the
afternoon Mr. Gage received many of
the people of Yolo County at the hotel.
The reception was informal, but none
ptable on account of its
informality. The callers at once recog
nized in the Republican standard
bearer a man of the plain people, who
had none of the superior self-esteem of
the office-holding aristocrat. They not
ed with satisfaction the straightfor
ward and manly way In which he met
his fellow citizens.
Scenes of enthusiasm, the ardor of
Republicans and a real outpouring of
the masses, such examples of popular
uprising as have rendered Henry T.
Gage's tour of the State so remarkable,
were witnessed in the beautiful city of
Woodland to-night. In point of num
bers assembled and spirit displayed the
demonstration was a Yolo County rec
ord breaker.
Early in the afternoon people from
the surrounding country began to ar
rive. Before twilight great crowds of
visitors thronged the streets. They
came from Blacks, Yolo. Madison, Win
ters, Davisville, Vacavilie, Guinda and
Dunnigan. Men came in teams from
points forty miles distant to hear
the next Governor expose and de
nounce the odious doctrines of sin
gle tax, the campaign issue which
the fusion leader seeks to obscure
by shouting railroad. The Dewey
Republican Club of Winters, with a
band of music, came with cheers for
Gage and Neff. Another demonstration
was on when the Gage Club of Davis
ville. headed by a band, came in. The
multitude grew larger and larger as
the time for the speakers' appearance
approached.
Amid salutes, bonfires, a brilliant dis
play of fireworks and stirring strains
of music the shouts of confident Re
publicans heightened the enthusiasm.
In front of the Byrnes Hotel a vast
crowd gathered, eager to get sight of
the next Governor. Mr. Gage went to
supper early and so had an hour after
his meal and before the speaking com
menced to meet the farmers and fruit
growers of Yolo County. The formal
ity of introduction was dispensed with.
The people came forward and on their
own motion to cheer his cause with en
couraging words, U they instantly rec
ognized in him a man of the people,
who had not been pampered and ex
alted above his fellows by lucrative
salaries drawn from the public treas
ury. While the standard-bearer was
engaged in handshaking the resident
population of Woodland went early to
Armory Hall, and many of them se
i seats long before the hour ap
pointed for the meeting.
At 7:30 o'clock the hall was densely
packed. At 8 o'clock, when the recep
tion committr-e escorted Mr. Gage to the
armory, the hall was packed as it never
was before. There was a crush of peo
ple at the main entrance. Hundreds
came and went away without trying to
get through the great crowd. The vast
audience of two thousand people was
called to order by M. D. Chamberlin,
chairman of the Republican County
Committee, who announced that Judge
Qaddis would preside as permanent
chairman. The following vice presi
dents were announced: E. E. Guddis,
A. D. Porter, George Hoppin, H. C.
Gable, George Armstrong, George
Banks, Peter Juhl, M. S. Ish, J. O.
Weed, Tom Ryder, T. J. Vaughn. Hor
ace Keene, W, It. Pond, A. J. Plant.
George Abbey, W. A. Anderson, N.
Minor, H. Galvin, August Bruick, J.
Sovereign, W. E. Street, William Can
nedy, C. S. Mering. J. Reith Jr.. W. S.
Allen, Eugene Hebener. IL E. Coil, 8.
C. Cassilis, Charles Bork, B. G. Pert.
Dr. Craig, Warren Brown, J. L. Kel
logg, R. B. Clink. T B. Lovedal, S. S.
Hlnsdale, N. Brothers, G. W. Lyford,
J. O. Chalmers, E. H. Archer and J. H.
Dungan.
The Winters band stationed at the
stage of the armory played the "Star
Bp.ingled Banner," and the patriotic
tudience cheered. The Woodland auar
tet then gave a campaign song.
Judge Gaddis introduced Henry T.
Gage as a man who had never Bought
public office, but one whom the people
had called. A mighty shout of welcome
and vigorous clapping of hands, loiik
continued, expressed the feeline of the
audience. The modest standard bearer
did not accept the ovation as a tribute
to himself, but regarded it as an ex
pression of allegiance to Republican
principles. He proceeded at once to the
discussion of the leading issue of the
campaign— the single tax. The fact
was cited and the record produced that
Judge Maguire had promised to devote
his life to the advancement of the
single tax scheme. Wasuire's un-
American attitude in Congress was
dwelt upon. The attempt of Maguire
to make capital on the funding bill
amendment demanded the attention of
;he speaker. The Congressional Record
.\ as submitted, and the audience con
vinced that Maguire did not object to
the amendment when objection would
have defeated it.
The telling points made by Henry T.
Gage, the people's champion, evoked
Hum the vast audience ringing cheers
of approval. Mr. Uage spoke for one
hour and thirty minutes and held the
close attention of the masses.
Senator Perkins" introduction to the
audience was the signal for more ap
plause. The Senator spoke of national
questions, recounting the wise and
beneficial measures of Congressional
enactment since the election of William
McKinley. He reviewed the railroad
settlement question, presenting facts of
record to show that the amendment
providing: for the settlement received
the sanction of Re-publicans, Democrats
and Populists. The explanation places
.Maguire in the position of opposing all
the parties which he claims to lead.
The prosperity attained under Repub
lican rule and the enactment of the
law to secure arbitration between rail
road companies and railroad employes
were discussed by the Senator. He die*
not claim for the Republican party th«
great achievements of the war, but said
the conflict was an American war.
President AlcKinley's statesmanship in
recognizing the eminent Confederate
leaders was referred to as an act which
brought all sections of the Union to
gether in support of the country and
the flag.
Tumults of applause hailed the pa
triotic expressions of Senator Perkins.
The great meeting adjourned at a
late hour with three mighty cheers for
Gage and Neff.
To-day Hutchison, Magulre's mate on
the fusion ticket, wandered from his
committee's schedule and got lost. He
left the bay for the interior on the
train with William Hamilton and
Colonel Burns. The two last mentioned
alighted at WooAand and so did Hutch
ison but the Populist, after wandering
around the town, found that he was
billed for Santa Rosa to-night and not
Woodland. Judge Lawler of. the fusion
committee may be obliged hereafter to
tag Hutchison, so that the conductors
can put him off at the places designated
for him to speak.
COLONEL T. V. EDDY ON
THE REAL VITAL ISSUE
Tells a Large Republican Gathering
at Monterey That It Is the
Single Tax.
MONTEREY, Oct. 21.— One of the larg
est political meetings ever held in this
section of Monterey County occurred in
Bagby's Opera House to-night, the citi
zens "of Monterey and Pacific Grove and
! the Republican candidates for Monterey
County offices uniting in an enthusiastic
greeting to Colonel T. V. Eddy of San
Francisco, who had come to address
them.
The Republican candidates' rally that
was scheduled to occur at Pacific Grove
to-night was postponed to enable all to
attend the Monterey meeting. The opera
; house w;ls packed ami the stage on which
! house was packed and the stage, on whic h
'both towi labortftely decorated
: with Ameridfcß ilags. A large number of
1 ladies were present.
When the speaker of the evening was
i introduced he announced that he had
come to Monterey to speak of the issues
of this campaign and would deal with
the subject from two standpoints — first,
i what Judge Maguire says is the vital
• issue, and, second, what is really the
i vital issue. Then, along the first line,
he spoke of the railroad question, out
lining the terms of the so-called funding
i bill, which he demonstrated way not a
i funding bill, declaring that Maguire was
I using it as a subterfuge to arou
feelings of the | .1 so blind them
to the real issue— the single tax. In con
nection with this he showed the socialistic
i tendency of what he called "That vicious.
j fantastic doctrine" and read extracts
■ from Maeruire's speech in Congress rela
tive to the immigration bill, as published
in Thursday's Call.
INDEPENDENT RALLY
AT SAN BERNARDINO
Rabid Attack on Gage and Curry by
W. H. Alford of
Visalia.
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 21.— Th* In
dependents of this county gave their sec
ond big rally of the campaign at the opera
house this evening. The speakers were
T. O. Toland, union nominee for member
of the State Board%of Equalization; W.
H. Alford of Visalia and Senator Stephen
M. White of Lios Angeles. The usual an
vil firing, band music and red fire were
used to draw the crowd. One thousand
people were in attendance, the meeting
was enthusiastic and the speakers were
well received.
T O. Toland made a brief statement of
the duties of the office to which he aspired
as he understood them, and askud the
support of the people because he opposed
the Southern Pacific, which invariably
tried to control the board in order to re
duce its own assessments.
W. H. Alford asserted that the glory
of the Republican party had g">ne. He
•rehashed the stock campaign story that
The Call had published the nominees of
the convention beforehand, hence the
ticket was corporation ruled. He at
tacked Charles F. Curry, candidate for
Secretary of State, and ' called him an ;
embezzler. He asserted that Gage was j
a man without a record, that Maguire i
was the choice of every reform man in j
the State, and thrn entered into an ex- j
haustive discussion of the financial ques
tion.
Senator White confined hJs address to |
a few witticisms and a discussion of some
of the issues In national affairs.
CONGRESSMAN LOUD
AT MOUNTAIN VIEW
Gives Cogent Reasons Why Voters j
Should Support the Republican
Ticket. x
SAN JOSE. Oct. 21.— Congressman Loud I
addressed the citizens of Mountain V^ew j
and vicinity this evening. The meeting ;
was the largest and most enthusiastic
ever held in the northern end of the
county and several hundred were unable
to get in the hall. Bonfires and a torch
light procession preceded the meeting.
Loud spoke on all national issues, es
pecially tnose arising during the Spanfsh-
American War and those prospective. The
people were asked to keep the Republican j
party In power in order that McKinley
might be able to carry' out the policy al
readily entered upon. He urged the elec
tion of Gage and the State and legisla
tive tickets.
W. A. Beasley of .this city also address
ed the meeting along the same linos.
TULARE REPUBLICAN RALLY.
Large and Enthusiastic Meeting
Held at Tipton.
TIPTON, Oct. 21.— The largest and most
enthusiastic meeting in this campaign
was held by the Republicans to-night.
The Woodvllle band was present and peo
ple from all sections of the surrounding
country were in attendance. The Repub
;;■ : t n county candidates were present, and
each made a short talk. J. A. Allen, can
didate for District Attorney, delivered an |
address upon the duties and affairs of
that office. Judge Wheaton A. Gray made
an eloquent and interesting address rela
tive to judicial affairs In his usual man
ner, which never fails to bring applause.
Though his election is bitterly contested,
it is thought he will be our next Superior
Judge.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 22. 189s.
MAGUIRE TALKS
AT SANTA ROSA
Greeted by an Immense
Assemblage.
VARIES HIS REGULAR SPEECH
BY A FIERCE ATTACK UPON
HON. J. A. BARHAM.
Sharply Criticizes That Gentleman's
Vote on the Funding Bill.
Healdsburg Visited in
the Afternoon.
Special Disr>atch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 21.— What was
probably the largest political gathering
ever held in this city greeted the ap
pearance of Judge Maguire at the
Athenaeum here to-night. Arrange
ments for the meeting were made with
great care, the large auditorium being
handsomely decorated for the occasion
by the Ladies' Maguire Club, organized
several days ago.
The meeting was called to order by
Thomas J. Hutchirrson, chairman of
the County Central Committee, who,
after a selection by the band, intro
duced as chairman of the meeting Wil
liam F. Cowan, nominee for the As
sembly. After a few remarks he in
turn presented Mr. Maguire, whose ad
vance to the front of the stage was the
signal for an outburst of applause,
joined in by the band, which played
•Hail to the Chief."
Mr. Maguire's speech, which lasted
over an hour, was confined solely to
the issues of the campaign, no points
of particular freshness being touched
upon except regarding the candidacy of
Hon. John A. Barham, nominee for Con
gress in the First District. Mr. Maguire
paid his respects to that gentleman in
no uncertain manner, criticizing him
warmly for his vote upon the funding
bill.
Mr. Maguire was followed by Mr.
Hutchison, nominee for Lieutenant
Governor, and H. M. La Rue, Railroad
Commissioner.
This afternoon Mr. Maguire addressed
the people of Healdsburg at 2 o'clock in
Trultt's Opera-house, being driven to
this city by a committee appointed for
that purpose. He arrived shortly be
fore dark and was taken directly to a
hotel, where he remained until a few
moments before the time set f^r the
meeting to commence.
GILROY DEMOCRATIC RALLY.
Town Ablaze With Bonfires, Music
and Speech-Makers.
GILROY, Oct. 21.— The town was ablaze
with bonfires to-night. The occasion was
a Democratic rally. A band and douole
quartet furnished music at Music Hall.
John P. Fitzgerald, president of th.> Gil
roy Maguire Club, presided and made the
opening speech also introducing General
P. F. Walsh and Charles \V. Boynton, the
speakers from San Francisco.
Saturday evening the Republican coun
ty candidates will speak in Gilroy.
Political Activity at Willows.
WILLOWS, Cal.. Oct. 21.— J. Aubrey
Jones, Silver Republican, and nominee for
Congress on the fusion ticket, addressed
the people of Willows this evening. Mr.
Jones contented himself with reviewing
the gold standard measure fathered by
Secretary of the Treasury Gage, whi< h
he claimed was a piece of Intended class
legislation, and in explaining why his op
ponent, Mr. Metcalf, defeated Hilborn for
the nomination.
The Republicans are preparing a great
reception to Gage, Neff and Barnes, who
stop here on their way north to-morrow.
EUREKA VALLEY DEMOCRATS.
Hefting Jimmy Phdan's Offlce-Hunt
ters Are Punctual in Their
Attendance.
The honest voters of Eureka Valley
turned out last ntght to attend a meeting
of "hefting" Jimmy's nominees at Twen
ty-eighth and Church streets. The small
hall was fairly well filled, as it was known
that the picked orators of the party would
be punctual in their attendance, as it Is
nip und tuck with the majority of them
to get a sufficient number of votes to en
title them to get a place on the official
ticket at the next election.
Juhn Fennell, a modest young man. had
the honor of occupying the chair. He lost
no time in setting the campaign ball
a-rolling by introducing R. P. Doolan, the
nominee for Superintendent of Streets.
Doolan spoke his niece and skipped out,
making roum fur Leonard Stone. E. P.
Mogan, nominee for Judge of one of the
Police Courts, with his good-natured face
and cheerful voice, was well received.
John P. Dunn was quite at home on the
sand of Eureka Valley, as it reminded
him of the initiation into politics under
"DlnnlB" Kearney in days long gone by.
It is a most fortunate thing for Mr. Dunn
that there is a railroad company, as he
fails to apeak of what should be
clone to this gigantic corporation. When
he gets to Sacramento in the sweet by
and-by as a member of the Board of
Equalization the railroad company will be
taxed up to and above its ears, so that it
will become insolvent. The Little Joint,
Magulre, may appoint him receiver.
Franklin K. Lane, nominee for City and
County Attorney: T. F. Bonnet, nominee
for Sheriff; Barclay Henley, nominea for
District Attorney; P. J. MoCorunck. nom
inee for State Senator; Ed I. Coffey, who
would like to be Assemblyman; John H.
Urady. nominee for Auditor: M. Green
blatt." who would like to heft the money
in the treasury with Jimmy next year,
made short speeches. W. M. Hinton, the
Railroad Commissioner nominee, woke up
and enlightened the Eureka Valley voters
by telling them that he had known Bar
clay Henley's father and knew nothing
dishonest of him. He also knew young
Mr. Coffey'B father, grandfather and un
cle they Were good people. Hence he
would vouch for their offspring. The
railroad fortunately escaped a scorin?;
it will not be confiscated by him.
At the eleventh )|pur "hefting" Jimmy
came panting into the hall and made his
accustomed speech, but this time he snid
not a word about the "honest laboring
man." He was thinking, probably, of the
janitors who look after tne property left
to him by his father for $35 a month, or
the gas lighters who are getting $40 for
their labors. These are the men that
Jimmy said were overpaid.
Meetings at Mowry's Hall.
A large Democratic mass-meeting -was
held last evening in Mowry's Hall, corner
of Laguna and Grove streets. Thomas F.
Walsh of the County Central Committee
Introdured Harry I. Mulcrevy as chair
man of the evening, after which a num
ber of candidates filed in and took seats
upon the stage. Among the speakers
were: Mayor Phelan, Barclay Henley,
Franklin K. Lane. Jeremiah Deasy, Wil
liam a. White. Edward P. Mogan, Wil
liam Burke, Frank Murasky. Hull M< -
Claughry, Louis D. F. Bartlett, Dr. Le
land, George H. Cabaniss and L. F. By
ington.
Italian Republican Club.
Tbe North Beach Itfilian Republican
Club was organized Wednesday evening
with the following named officers: Presi
dent, V. de Andreis; vice president. F.
Miiurino; secretary, G. Arata; recording 1
secretary, Q. Sbarboro; treasurer, F.
Btelnaro; executive committee*: D. Gar
della, J. Ghio, M. Vieni. T. Arata and L.
Mellow. Sixty-five members signed the
roll. The club indorsed the entire Repub
lican ticket.
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. An
druggists refund the money if It falls to cur*.
2ic. Tbe genuine baa L. B. Q. on each tablet.
A BOOMING
MEETING AT
B'NAI B'RITH
For Republicanism
and Patriotism.
GEORGE KNIGHT TO THE FORE
STRIKES THE KEYNOTE OF THE
CAMPAIGN.
"Vote Your Ticket Straight and Yon
Will Be All Right"— Judge
Murphy Incinerates a
Yellow Journal.
One of the most successful minor Re
publican meeting's of the campaign was
that of the Forty-second and Forty-third
districts held at B'nai B'rith Hall last
night," Colonel C. L. Taylor presiding.
The Waterman^ Sisters, the "J. M.
Troutt" quartet, composed of ladies, and
a brass band furnished the music, while
there was enthusiasm and oratory to
spare.
George A. Knight, the Republican ora
tor, surprised and delighted the audience
by dropping in and delivering a few
broadsides of logic with a fervor that
raised his hearers from their seats and
roused to a great height the spirit of
patriotism and Republicanism. During
the course of his remarks he dwelt upon
the duty of Republicans to see that Calf
fornia should not do shame to itself by
falling to send a solid Republican dele
gation to Congress. No one could give a
valid reason why the State should not
loyally support the administration of
President McKinley, and what was more
important, there was not a man on the
ticket who would not be an honor and
credit to the State in the halls of Con
gress.
"March on to victory to the music of
right and reason, protection and pros
perity," said Mr. Knight. "The Republi
can party has done more for civilization
and the rights of man than any other or
ganization in the world, and it ia only just
that it should receive your fullest and
most earnest support. Be true to your
selves and the traditions of your great
party. Vote your ticket straight and you
will be all right."
Colonel C. L. Taylor, in a short speech,
called attention to the unwarranted at
tacks that are being made upon Henry
T. Gage, in which he is charged with
being "a railroad tool."
"Mr. Gage's first public speech," said
Mr. Taylor, "was against the • railroad,
and he has never been anything but the
opponent of that institution. These
charges against him I believe to be as
false as h— l. .It is an endeavor to pull a
man down by false witness. They say he
keeps his hands in his pockets. Well, if
more citizens kept their hands in their
own pockets there would be fewer of them
in jail. Charles L. Patton is an honorable,
capable man, who does not demand the
control of a Board of Supervisors or find
it necessary to colonize the 'wards of the
city to carry out Ms purposes. If he is
elected there will be no experiments, no
'hefting', of the people's mone"y.'
Hon. D. K. McKinlay made a short and
int treating address, in which he impressed
upon the voters the fact that a Republi
can administration had lifted the coun
try out of the slough of despond into
which it had been dragged by the Democ
racy, and showed them that it wus their
duty to stand by the administration. It
would be the extremest foliy and injus
tice to place the reins of government in
other hands at this time. Every Repub
lican should make it his business to as
sist in the election of Republican Con
gressmen and legislators. IT would be
the duty of the latter to elect a Repub
lican Senator to succeed Stephen M.
White, and of the former to fight for pro
tection and prosperity.
Julius Kahn, candidate for Congress in
the Fourth District, was enthusiastically
called to the rostrum and spoke for a
moment only. He said that California
had muoh to ask of Congress and Repub
lican Congressmen were needed to secure
these things. The party, he believed,
would do lta duty in this campaign, and If
it did the result would show that Cali
fornia stands for progress, prosperity and
advancement.
Ex-Judge D. J. Murphy, in the course
of a somewhat extended speech, called at
tsntlon to the merits of the Republican
municipal platform, and stated that there
was not a man on the ticket whose hon
esty or integrity had been attacked or
Impeached.
"The evening paper that has by carica
ture insulted Mr. Patton and his friends
has never dared presume to say that he
is not an honeat, true man. The Bulletin
is trying to defeat every Republican
who is a candidate for a patronage office.
Wherever there is patronage to be gained
the Bulletin is supporting the Democracy
in order that it may be entirely controlled
by Phelan and his appointed candidates.
The Bulletin is not a representative of
the Republican party, and iu> acts prove
the fact."
Attorney General Fitzgerald spoke of
the sterling qualities of the Republican
candidates, and called attention to the
fact that the Democrats had opposed the
new charter. It was carried by Republi
cans, and that party was nledged to se
cure its adoption in the Legislature if its
candidates were electeu. He also referred
to that portion of the platform which
calls for the eventual ownership of pub
lic utilities, such as gas, water and elec
tric light plants and streetcars.
Hon. C. L. Patton arrived at the last
moment and simply referred to his can
didacy for Mayor, his attitude on the
other questions involved in the platform,
promised a clean business administration
and said good night.
Among the speakers who had only time
to present themselves and make their
bow were Leon Dennery, Joseph E.
Barry, Al Berthier, Martin Fragley, I. J.
Truman, Judge Low, Coroner W. J. Haw
kins. William A. Deane, Thomas F. Gra
ham, Judge Joachlmsen. Henry S. Mar
tin, John Lackmann and R. H. Webster.
THE ISSUE AT STAKE.
Charles L. Pattern Defines His Posi
tion at a Thirty-Fifth District *
Meeting.
The Republicans of the Thirty-fifth As
sembly District held a. rousing meeting
last night in Irving Hall, Valencia and
Hill streets. T. C. Maher, president of
the District Club, acted as chairman.
The chief speakers were Charles L. Pat
ton, Judge Murphy and D. K. McKinlay.
The James M. Troutt Quartet added
variety to the meeting at intervals with
campaign songs.
Mr. Patton was greeted with ringing
cheers, but as his time was limited his
speech was very brief. '"The Republican
ticket," he said, "is made up of as good
a crowd of men as could be selocted. All
are pledged to support the new charter,
which means municipal ownership of pub
lic utilities, cheaper water and gas and
lower taxes. I stand up to deny the oft
repeated statement that this is a con
test between Phelan and the bosses,
am not pledged to any political boss, and
if I am elected not one of them will have
anything to say. The fair way to pus
the matter is that it is a contest between
Phelan and his millions and Patton and
his friends,"
D. E. McKinlay discussed the State
ticket in an able and convincing manner
and threw a few hot shot into the Ma
wulre camp. Brief addresses were made
By Henry Clement I. J. Truman, Henry
Martin. W. P. Fitzgerald. Judge Joachim
pen. William A. Deane. Thomas F- Gra
ham and Martin Fragley.
NEXT WEEK'S WORK.
The Republican Campaign Committee
Completes Its Schedule of Meet
ings for This Month.
The Republican County Committee has
completed its schedule of district meet
ings to take place during the balance of
the month. To be added to the list, as it
already stands, are the following:
October 24, Masonic Hall, Fourteenth
street and Railroad avenue, South San
Francisco; October 25, Graham Hall, Ala
bama and Twenty-seventh streets ; Octo
ber 26, Mangels Hall, Twenty-fourth and
Folsom streets; October 26, Teutonia Hall.
1322 Howard street; October 28, Black's
Hall, 620 Bryant street; October 31, Col
ored mass meeting at California Hall, 620
Bush street.
On Tuesday evening, the 25th, the Gage
Volunteers of the Thlrty-nrst District
will hold a big f>pen air meeting In the
Sunnyside District at the corner of Chen
cry and Diamond streets. The Ocean
View Republican Club will co-operate
with the volunteers to make the demon
stration a rousing one.
The Ocean View Club will have a meet
ing of its own on Thursday evening next,
at Murphy's Hall, Ocean View, and will
have among the speakers of the evening
Charles H. Patton, Eugene F. Loud, Vv'il
11am A. Deane, A. B. Treadwell and other
prominent Republican nominees.
The list of speakers for all of the meet
ings has not yet been fully arranged
though It has been decided that Charles
H. Patton shall open all of the meetings.
Among those who have already prom
ised to be on hand are W. F. Fitzgerald,
candidate for City and County Attorney,
and D. J. Murphy, candidate for District
Attorney. The committee expects to an
nounce its complete list of speakers by
this evening.
The Rattan Workers' Protective Union
has passed resolutions laudatory of John
A. Hoey, candidate for Senatorial honors
in the Eighteenth District, and has filed
a copy of the resolutions with the county
committee.
ALAMEDA STANDS TRUE.
Republican Party Managers Predict
the Usual Big Majorities From
the Eucinal City.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 21.— The local Re
publicans are much encouraged at the
political .outlook in Alameda. According
to the best information obtainable, Ala
meda will roll up this year its usual ma
jority for the Republican ticket. E. K.
Taylor, City Attorney and candidate for
State Senator, who has made a careful
survey of the field, says:
"The Republicans of Alameda are pull
ing together better this year than they
have evt-r done before, and the prospects
of a big majority in this city are most en
couraging- From my observations, 1 am
that the head of the ticket will
carry the city by 75'J majority. Oscar
Rogers, for Sheriff, and J. B. Barber, for
Tax Collector, both being Alameda men,
will run ahoad of their ticket. Their ina
be frgm 900 to 1000. Frank
Jordan, candidate for County Clerk, will
carry this city, but his majority will not
be as large, owing to the fact that his
opponent, T. C. Stoddard, is an Alameda
man.
' "The friends of Congressman Hilborn are
' taking an interest in the Stoddard fight,
; as against Jordan. This is the only appar
ent disaffection among the Republicans,
but it is more than offset by quite a for
j midable element of disgruntled Democrats
' who did not take kindly to the fusion idea,
| and who are openly kniiing their county
( andidates."
The light of J. R. Talcott for Supervisor
i from the Second District promises to be
I somewhat close. The Democratic nominee,
; Charles Eteyer-, has enlisted the German
. element in his cause, and they are doing
■ gome hard work; but the Republican eam
i palgrn managers are not worrying, as they
' state that the majority in the Alameda
; end of the district is too big to be over-
Supervisor Church, whose district takes
in the west end of Alameda, seems to
have things his own way in this city.
But few of the Democrats are supporting
John R. Glascock, and those who are do
ing so are only doing it in a half-hearted
("■-morrow evening Alameda will give
a reception at Armory Hall to the Repub
lican county nominees. The Aiameda Re
publican Club met last evening and named
the following vii-B-presldents for the meet
ing: William Simpson, G. H. Mastick, W.
W Haskoll. E. L. Ward, Harry Ira.isue,
v Cornelius, L. W. McGlaufim, T. \N..
Leydecker. E. J. Blanding, E. ]b. Johnson.
George C. Fabens Ed Housted. H K.
Field Sam Frank. Herman Cordes, W. H.
Noy.'B. Benedict. A. Arents G. \V . C.
Meier Ed Bell, William Baurhyte. Judge
A. B. Hunt, George Manley Co.onel
George Babcock. Judge M P. ,^'g?'". «•
J Van Voorheis. H. McCormick. Dr. G.
P Reynolds, D. L. Randolph. Captain H.
H Todd? Captain F. E. Webb, Alexander
Mackie E. L. Wilson, George F. Weeks.
Captain H. A. Thompson Henry Seven
ine George E. Plummer, J. M. Shanley,
Judwßß Tapnan. T. G. Daniells. G. W.
S»n«; O. A Mon-tell, F. W. Van sick
le" C J. Holt, Fred Binder, Joseph
Knbwland, J. L. Fields. W. F. Schulte.
CharteVß. Neal. A. V. Clark Bert Combs,
p T Dickinson, George Ode". F. J. Flet
ter C J Hammond, D. J. Sullivan Rev.
FS Brush, Dr. W. K. Scott, C. F.
risher Dr P. T. Tisdale. Joseph ?.
,XerG L Weise, Abram Rich, J. G.
prick Bert Fißher. Rev. W. W Scudder,
"LITTLE JOINT" WILL SPEAK.
He Is Billed to Talk on Monday
Evening at Five District Meet-
ings.
The State Democratic Campaign Com
mittee has laid out its work for the com
™g week, and for Monday night has
billed "Little Joint" Maguire for a hard
night's work. .
Accompanied by J. Hefter Phelan and
Hat he will address five meetings in dif
ferent parts of the city. They will be
h German OUO ma S 's-meeting. Metropolitan
Temple; Saratoga Hail. Geary and Lar.
kin streets; Apollo Hall. Pacific street,
near Stockton; Bersaglieri Hall Union
street near Stockton; Garibaldi Hall.
Broadway, near Montgomery.
To-day at 1 o'clock Magulre will ad
dress a meeting at Walnut Creek and
at 8 o'clock this evening will meet the
voters of Martinez.
Among the principal speakers at the
meetings on Monday evening will be Gov
ernor Budd, Senator White, James D.
Phelan and J. H. Barry.
Dr. Max Magnus and M. Greenblatt
will follow Mr. Maguire as the principal
speakers at the German mass-meeting
billed for Metropolitan Temple.
Ninety-Eight Republican Club.
The '98 Republican Club held its regular
meeting last evening at Cadets Hall. 335
McAllister street. Long before the meet
ing was called to order every seat was
occupied.
Henry N. Clement, candidate for Su
perior Judge; Thomas F. Dunn, George
\V. Schell, J. N. E. Wilson and Mr. Ma
ginnis, representing Henry S. Martin, can
dldate for Sheriff, addressed the club.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fall Medicine
Is Fully as Important and Beneficial
as Spring Medicine.
Hood's Sarsaparilla is just the medi-
cine to keep the blood rich and pure,
create an appetite, give good digestion
and tone and strengthen the great vital
organs. It wards off malaria, fevers
and other forms of illness so prevalent
in the fall.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine.
Hood's pTll« cure all liver Ills. 25 cents.
Mr. McGlnnis excused Mr. Martin's ab
sence owing to previous engagements.
Frank J. Kelly made a motion to in
dorse Ed L. Head for School Director
and Thomas F. Dunn for Justice of the
Peace, which was received with three
rousing cheers.
DEMOCRATS RALLY.
A Number of Municipal Candidates
Plead Their Cause at Saratoga
Hall.
The Democratic mass-meeting held last
evening at Saratoga Hall on Geary street
was well attended. W. D. Farren acted
as chairman, and present were the fol
lowing vice-presidents of the evening:
John Bernard, Ivan Schieke, Ben Stern,
P. O. Rellly, J. Coffin, Joseph Racy and
Mr. Garrard.
Mayor Phclan devoted some time in
throwing bouquets at the Examiner and
in denouncing other journals in this city.
He said that he had no quarrel with the
newspapers, but that they werfe attempt
ing to pick one with him. "There would
be no necessity for appearing before you
this evening," said the gentleman '"if
newspapers, which are published osten
sibly for the purpose of distributing news,
would not hold back and suppress a por
tion of It." ;
Phelan then explained his colonization
proposition by saying that by recent en
actment the Legislature had obliter
ated all supervisorial wards in this city,
but that, in the event of such law being
declared unconstitutional, the Supervis
ors had taken the precaution of safely
landing within their territory that their
chances of holding on to their offices
might not be jeopardized. He said that
the Sternberg affair bore no comparison
with the present cases, and took occa
sion to reiterate the story of Mahoney's
election.
Among the other speakers were: Finlay
Cook, E. L. Fitzgerald, W. M. Hinton,
M. Meagher, Julius Fletcher, Judge Con
lan, F. K. Lane, Bernard Bienenfeld,
Justus Wardell, Washington Dodge, T.
F. Burnade, R. P. Doolan and John A.
Brown.
Thirty-Ninth District Republicans.
The Thirty-ninth District Republican
Club held its regular weekly meeting in
Saratoga Hall last evening. There was
a semblance of a Democratic meeting in
the lo*ver hall, for -which many dollars
were spent in bonfires and music, but
that did not detract from the club meet
ing upstairs. Many got tired of listen
ing to the whistling of the small boys
downstairs and went upstairs to hear the
enunciation of Republican principles by
George W. Collins, candidate for Super
visor; Leon E. Jones, candidate for As
semblyman; W. J. Herrin, F. D. Worth,
W. J. King, E. G. Knapp and others.
The Bear Club.
The Bear Club held a very enthusiastic
meeting Thursday evening. Thomas W.
Collins presided. Ed J. Casey of the com
mittee on mass meeting reported that
B'ne B'rith Hall had been engaged for
Friday evening, October 28, and that
Julius* Kahn, Eugene F. Loud and Merton
C. Allen of the club would be among the
speakers. The club is making great prep
arations for the mass meeting and jubi
lee, and proposes to make it a great affair.
Stirring speeches were made by R. D.
Faulkner, School Director Ed Head, Dr.
H. E. Gedge, J. D. Brown, W. A. Deane,
George D. O'Nell, Captain William
Wright, M. F. Fragley and others. The
officers and executive committee will meet
this afternoon.
MAY BE DISFRANCHISED.
Registrar Biggy's Ominous Citation
to Candidates for Supervisor
Who Have Changed Their
Residence.
Registrar Biggy last evening mailed j
citation cards to a number of the candl- i
dates for Supervisors on the Democratic i
and Republican tickets, requiring them to •
appear before the Board of Election Com- I
missioners next Thursday morning and
state any causes which may exist why
their names should not be removed from
the roll of registered voters, because they
have recently changed their places of
residence. The candidates cited were !
Howard Black. J. P. McMurray. P. A. |
Kearney, George W. Collins. William H. i
Phelps. L. de F. Bartlett, L. F. Byington, i
Charles Gildea. I. Gutte, Jeremiah Deasy. j
Eugene P. Murphy was also cited. Reg- j
istrar Biggy said to a Call reporter:
"These persons are cited because I be- ,
lieve from the reports made to me by my
deputies that they have forfeited their >
rights as voters at the coming election, >
by changing their residences after the !
registration lists were closed. I am act
tag in this matter without regard to
party."
Henry S. Martin Club.
A large number of Republicans met last
night at 120 Grove street and formed the
Henry S. Martin Republican Club of the
Thirty-seventh District. The following
named officers were elected: President,
William Hart; vice-president, Humphrey
Gallagher: secretary, Charles F. Rooney;
treasurer, G. F. McGinnls. The meeting
was addressed by A. B, Treadwell, can
didate for Police Judge: Andrew Branch
and G. F. McGinnis. Treadwell was en
thusiastically received. A varied musical
programme was also rendered.
Students' Republican Club.
The Students' Republican Club held its
regular meeting Thursday evening at 29
Hunt street. Julius Kahn, Judge Barry,
Coroner Hawkins and George W. Collins
and others made brief speeches, which
were heartily applauded. The meeting
was well attended and closed with iheers
for the success of the Republican party.
The next meeting will be held on next
Monday evening, at which time several
candidates will appear and make ad
dresses.
"Will Open New Headquarters.
The Thirty-eighth Assembly District
Republican Club will open its new head
quarters at 1209 Fillmore street, between
Turk and Eddy, to-night. These quarters
will be retained until the close of
the campaign. A number of prominent
candidates will Join in the jollincation
and a varied musical programme has
been arranged. The club will effect ar
rangements for a mass meeting some
time next week.
To Meet Webster Davis.
A. J. Brunie, Professor Atkinson,
George H. Clarke and Charles H. Holmes
A HARD HIT!
Nearly every one who handled Klondike goods last winter was disap-
pointed in the volume of trade. Our sales were large for two or three
months, which, with careful buying and hard pushing, left us with very
little stock on hand. This we propose to close out at once-and get ready
for the new season's Alaska trade, which will begin soon after New Years.
You save half to three-fourths by ordering to-day. These prices are for
Saturday and Monday only. Goods may all go early to-day.
BARGAIN HITS.
Heavy duck flannel lined vests. 34 to 37...-:..2jc
Heavy $150 long wool hose ••■■••• — i:, 6^
Reindeer skin pants, $6 kind now i- w
Reindeer skin parquet. $20 kind. ••♦] «»
Bear skin coats, $12 kind :••»* J"
Bear skin legglns or pants ** JJ»
Sleeping bags, sold much higher.... ♦£ <"
Large heavy Angora blankets. lined $6 00
Sheep pelt unlined coats, all sires ♦- •■"
Sheep pelt hoods. $2 goods ■-• ££
10-quarter gray blankets, cotton -^c
12-pound gray wool blankets "•■•'«? oo
Ladles' heavy all wool sweaters < i:: IT w
Ladies' Alaska vests, double weight.. ....sl »0
Ladles' all wool gray underwear ....... ...*ioo
Carrying bags for clothing —"^
Packing straps. $125 kind ••••••• •■ ••{n'ii' "'t^c
Moccasins. $3 kind, used North. 9. 10. U— .WC
Pocket knives, large and 4Te iiong::::::::::.5c
Little whisk brooms to take "« heavy.. ,c
Canton flannel unbleached, medium heavy...^oc
Felt shoes, ladles' $150 kind,^ 2V4. 3 — ,oc
Klondike haU. broad brim. $1 50, n0w......00c
Gloves or mitts cut In price * jC up ,
Wire bedstead anil mattress for u5e.... ....52 50 fc .^Hg|l Dw| H H VA %
Wall paper, double rolls, pretty style Sc ■ I K| ygi ft <L_Kf
Oilcloth for tables, good width.............. 15c ■■.;-^P*\H OWm ■ fl| H
, Oilcloth^ for floor, yard , wide.; .....25c gy /Ik g> ■■ IP- I£2 /T\ Rt ff*
Stoves for heating or cooking, any kind. V /•>} El& i^TT S 1 l-l* IT
Christina* toys and novelties r now , ready. "■ ™ v :' ir -'- v ■ % ••
Ladies' capes, $1 up. a good variety to off V 0K.,97 JVlo»>lr*a*- Cf % -S C
Ladles^ black, dre« nWrts, g00<J...... .*.5.! SO. up Ap" A 4 ITiarKe 01., O.T«
leave on an early train this morning to
meet Assistant Secretary of the Interior
Webster Davis, the famous orator, who
will stump the State for Gage and Neff.
He will deliver an address in Sacramento
this evening-.
The Leon Dennery Club.
The Leon Dennery Club of the Forty
third Assembly District was organized
last evening at 32 O'Farrell street. The
meeting was largely attended, and from
the enthusiasm manifested by all present
the club promises to an important factor
in the present campaign. Following are
the officers elected: President. Herman
Heitman; vice president, L. Schumann:
secretary. Ed Lawless; treasurer, Gus
Creyer; sergeant at arms. F. Tobelmann.
The election of an executive committee
was deferred until the next meeting.
Frank Kelly made a forcible speeech,
which called forth much applause.
Speeches were also made by Ed Lawless,
J. F. Sullivan and A. Peterson. Resolu
tions were adopted pledging the undivid- 1
ed support of the club in favor of Leon
Dennery for State Senator from the
Twenty-fourth Senatorial District, and
also the entire Republican ticket. An ad
journment was taken until next Wednes
day evening.
Siebe Was Indorsed.
The Dewey Central Republican Cluw
met last night at 916 Market street, P. B.
Gallagher presiding. Mr. Gallagher, who
has been on an extensive tour through
the State, reported that the State would
go Republican by IQ.OoO majority.
P. J. Wynn presented the name of
John Siebe for the club's indorsement,
and as that gentleman had proved him
self a worthy officer his indorsement whs
made unanimous. Albert Maure presented
the name of E. J. Sheehan, who was also
indorsed. Adjournment was taken for
one week.
Friends of John A. Hoey.
About eighty frit:,. ls of John A. Hoey
assembled at Manila Social Hall on the
corner of Third and Brannan streets last
evening and organized the John A. Hoey
Club by the election of the following
officer?: President, A. 11. Cook; vice
president. Samuel Hawley; secretary. A.
J. Fanning; corresponding secretary, John
Nelson; treasurer, John Young; sergeant
at arms. William Hawley. The club will
meet every Friday night.
Alameda Democrats.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 21.— The Democrats
will open their campaign in Alai
Monday night at Bnclnal Hall. C
J. J. Tobin. J. Aubrey Jones and F. w.
Sawyer will be the speakers of the even
ing. ____________
SALOONS WRECKED BY
A MOB OF SOLDIERS
rENNESSEEANS AND IOWANS
TRY TO RUN KEARNY STREET.
They Claimed Grievances Against
the Houses and Proceeded to
Take Revenge.
A wild mob of lowa and Tennessee sol
diers, numbering about fifty, entered the
Eureka dance hall at 537 Kearny street
last night and proceeded to clean out tha
place in the most approved fashion. They
first charged on the bar and In a few
minutes it was a complete wreck. They
next went up into the boxes, tore down
curtains and hangings and everything else
which cculd be torn down and broke,
everything breakable that they could lay
their hands on, giving the excuse that
they had been charged too much for
drinks on the occasion of a former visit
to the house and wanted to 'get even."
They then visited several other resorts
along the line and wrecked every saloon
they entered. The police finally got the
mnh in hand and ten of them were safely
landed in the California-street station
and charged with being drunk. General
Merriam was communicated with by tele
phone and sent out a provost guard to
round up the stragglers.
HEARST WAS COY.
Deputy Marshal Gallagher (Jnable to \
Serve a Process — The Libel Case.
The papers in the suit of A. L. McDon
ald against William R. Hearst to recover
IK2JBS for infringement of copyright of a
map of Klondike-, published in the Ex
aminer without McDonald's consent, were
handed to Deputy United States Marshal
Gallagher yesterday forenoon with in
structions to serve the same on Mr.
Hearst, but up to the close of office hours
Mr. Hearst could not be found either at
the editorial rooms or business office of
the Examiner or elsewhere.
The law allows damage at the ratio of
$1 for every specific violation of copy
right. According to the Examiner's
statement of its circulation in August,
1897, the month in which the map was
published in that paper, 82,723 copies were
Issued. Hence the demand for $*2.7-9
damages.
The case of libel brought against Hearst
by Claus Spreekels was called in Judge
Mogan's court yesterday morning. Grove
i L. Johnson appeared for the prosecutiou
I and John S. Drum, representing Garret
McEnerney. for the defense. The attend
ance of the defendant was waived. By
consent the case was continued till Mon
day to be set. _
SHE USED HER TEETH.
Mrs. Madigan Has Her Lip Chewed
by Mrs. Carrolson.
Mrs. Carrolson of 33 Natoma street was
arrested last night by detective Tom
Ryan and charged with mayhem. Dur
ing a dispute with Mrs. Madig-an, h>-r
neighbor, yesterday afternoon she chewed
off a portion of her upper lip. Mrs. Madi
gan was taken to Dr. Reilly's office on
Howard street, where she was treated.
The Injured woman claims that Mrs. Car
rolson accused her of giving beer to a
boy named O'Brien, and when she denied
the Impeachment she bit off a piece of
her lip.
A Young Lecturer.
A delightful entertainment was given
last evening at the Mizpah Presbyterian
Church on Harrison street. The attend
ance was very large and the programme
equally interesting. Isaac Dillon, a lad
v? years old, gave a lecture of his Euro
pean tour, which was illustrated by stere
opticon views.
OTHER HARD HITS.
$30 double sleds, very complete $12 00
$6 sleds for Alaska $1 00
Telescope stove, best in use. $10. now $2 75
Prospector' 3 oven, very complete, now 50c
Army or Alaska biscuit for 2 days 3c
; Pumpernlckle lor tea. was 10c, now 3a
Alaska toast, finest keeping bread 3c
Knorro prepared soup for 2 days 10c
Bacon, heavy sugar cured Eastern 9c
Bacon, quantity limited, for Klondike 6c
Baking powder, 4-bit brand ...,200
Dry corn, suits everybody. 2 days 6c
Syrup, Western, per gallon your Jug lie
Men's heavy all wool mackinawa $3 00
Hair brushes for men : v ••
Shoe brushes for men ioc
Boats, canvas, complete, $125, now $2J
Toilet or shaving soap, per dozen 15c
Haversacks to carry things, not 7&c lOc
Knapsack 9 to carry things, not 65c
Army canteens, been used lie
Heavy double underwear, $3 kind $1 50
Prepared onions, 50c kind, 2 days 10c
Lard, best in town, 10-lb pails 75cTHE WAR, NOT
THE S. P. THE
TRUE ISSUE
McDonald Disposes of
Maguireism.
JAMES GEE'S WAR RECORD
KILLING TRUTHS TOLD BY A
ONB-TIME DEMOCRAT.
The San Diego Jurist Greeted and
Applauded by Two Thousand
Voters at Odd Fellows,'
Hall.
Judge J. Wade McDonald of San Diego,
for twenty years a Democrat, but now
doing Trojan work in the Republican
ranks, came up out of the sunny south
land yesterday with a mission to per
form. He accomplished it last evening at
Odd Fellows' Hall t<-> tho satisfaction of
over 2000 people who had gathered to
hear him.
The object of Judge McDonald's pil
grimage Into the north was the further
abbreviation of the "Little Giant" and
the painting', in his true colors, of Stephen
M. White. With both men. and with the
party sophistries in which they have so
liberally indulged, he dealt as only a ma'
can who was for two decades a mom 1 i
of their party and learned in its deviou
ways.
In a vigorous speech that held hi? ai
dience for a full two hours he laid bar<
the records and characters of the men
he dealt with and established in the miii' I.^1 .^
of his hearers the one true issue of the
campaign so firmly that all the specious
arguments of the "Little Giant's" adher
annot shake it.
Judge McDonald was introduced to his
audience hy Oscar Lewis of the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association, and
was given a typical San Francisco ova-
He attributed the laree attendance not
to interest in a new speaker and an ex-
Democrat but to the widespread and un
usual interest in the parties and issues or
the campaign.
"The history of the country,"
Judge McDonald, "is divided into thiv.'
epochs;— the revolutionary, the Civil War
and the Spanish-American— and though
the others have left their mark and will
live down history, it is the last that will
live longest and be most prolific of last
ing results.
"For three years past there has been
in progress off our shores a war of such
peculiar character, of such awful and un
civilised tendencies, that it has shocked
the world.
"We resorted to diplomacy, to entreaty
:horted with Spain to bring us some
relief from the dreadful spectacle of war
by starvation, but our protests and oar
entreaties were persistently unheeded and
the horrors continued until finally a
wave of feeling swept the length and
breadth of the land that permeated the
capital at Washington, and notice went
forth to Spain that this inhuman war
must cease or we would stop It.
"Our motive was pure; it was humane. I
W*» £&ye Spain notice that it was not |
for our aggrandizement that we would
intercede. We would do it out of pa
triotism, and there is no grander, truer ,
patriotism than ours.
"But, fellow citizens, there are degrees
and shades of patriotism, and the sort
that does not urge its possessor to give
up his blood and his life for his cause
is not the sort that is typical of the
American.
"We came to war and the result of our
victory, though it was bought with our
ud. is almost beyond our compre- :
:;. Ido not need to tell you what '
the Philippines mean to San Francisco, j
what almost illimitable possibilities their I
possesson opens to this beautiful town of
yours.
"And I need not tell you, friends, that
in this war and its results lies the one
true issue in this campaign. It is not
whether the Southern Pacific owns Cali
fornia or whether James G. Maguire
made up the Democratic ticket, but it
is, shall or shall not that glorious flag
of ours be folded over the places where
It now floats? Shall we give up the
lands that we have so dearly bought and
resist this universal tendency to expan
sion?
"There is the issue, no matter how they
may try to befog It, that and that only
is the issue. And 1 say to you, my friends,
that if that flag goes back from the proud
position it holds to-day It will be because
there Is not a Republican left to fight
for it.
"But we've got against us that triangu
lar, silver-lined, popocratic conglomera
tion that they are calling the Democracy.
They have placed in their platform a most
peculiar plank. It says 'though we are
not in favor of aggressive expansion, but
we favor a careful analytical inspection
of the Philippines, yet we do not believe
in giving back to Spain any land that we
have wrested from her.' That's consist
ently and Democratically all things to all
men, isn't it?
"Aiid that plank, I want to tell you, is
framed upon the policy pursued through
this war by ilaguire and Stephen M.
White. Every vote that they cast on this
matter was diametrically opposed to ex
pansion and honorable war. I do not say
that the masses of the Democrats were
opposed to war, but their leaders were,
for they knew that the glory of victory
would attach to the party in power.
"And what was the result? When our
heroes were like an iron line at Guan
tanamo, or charging that hill at San
Juan; when they were wounded and sick
In the trenches and Mr. McKinley's ad
ministration needed money for their aid,
where were the Democratic leaders?
They were not voting. They were
in the lobbies harrying their brains for
some scheme to offset thla war's honor to
the Republican party.
"And you do not have to go out of your
State to flnd them. Senator White and
CoiiKresaman Maguire were among them,
and then they came home to distract at
tention from their records and the real
issue by holding up the railroad.
"They allege against the administration
that supplies at times were short, that
the ranks were full of Incompetents. They
•would have excuse for doing this if the
war were still on and they wished to
Point out these shortcomings, but the war
la over anrl the only reason they have for
I'g these things now is to turn the
il MJbllc enthusiasm. And in doing
bo they ac-knowledge the real il
«k . " VlrKiril *y !k to get the blame for
shortcomings, why in the name of reason
"Tv £ lhe cor nmendations due him?
leader, DD £ mocrata - on the tip from their
wiTh »h carried on this campaign
Snioan aßßUrance this is not a Re-
"My friends, the eyes of this whole
country are on California. Her clo»e re
SAN FRANCISCO HEFTS THE CANDIDATES FOR THE MAYORALTY.
latlon to the Philippines makes her the
great factor In the questions that are
being considered, and I want to say to
you that if you cast your vote against
the Republican nominee it will he ac
cepted by this country and by Europe as
a repudiation of the course of the ad
ministration through this war. This is
the real issue.
"They have voted against every meas
ure that would help this Stat^. -in this
war, in the matter of Hawaiian annexa
tion and in everything else. Are you go
ing to vote for men thus handicapped by
unpardonable transgressions?
"Why, to excuse themselves for voting
against that $300,000,000 war bond Issue
they are saying that they thought there
was enough in the treasury, and more
might not be needed. And in response to
that call, for which they did not vote,
there came an offer of $1,400,000,000 instead
of $300,0u0,000; and that offer by our own
people showed Europe and every other
country on earth that they wanted no
trouble with us. It was worth more tnan
500.000 soldiers in the field.
"And yet they cast their vote against it.
They placed paltry dollars higher in the
scale than the blood of thousands of our
soldiers, and that sort of patriotism is
not of the American kind."
Following are the names of the vice
presidents of the meeting:
Walter G. Smith, W. C. Van Fleet,
Thomas »R. Atkinson. E. A. Belcher, 3.
Murray Bailey, Theodore R. Morton, P.
Barbiert. W. H. H. Hart, A. B. Hallldie.
John F. Merrill, James K. Wilson, 11. L.
Sanborn. Wendell Easton. George Wlmmer,
W. H. Manuel, John Murray. Alexander
Donaldson, T. P. Jarvls. George Ite.sle. V.
Gilchrist. M. J. Burke, C. A. Murrtock,
Henry T. Scott, John P. Rice. W. B. Be
noist, J. D. Smith, E. J. Stanley, Edawrd
Baugh, A. B. Johnson, H. C. Hunker, A.
E Castle, W. W. Montague, George A.
Sanderson, W. C. Ralston, A. C. Berthler,
D. L. Farnsvrorth. M. Greenebaum. J. J.
Fltzpatrick. D. O'N'ell, T. \V. Crontn,
George Scott. D. Y. Frazer, M. J. Haley,
Charles Hlghtr.wer. Thomas G. Smith, Dr.
G. J. Bucknall, Dr. W. H. Mays. Daniel
Sweeney, P. C. Rossi, J. D. Butterworth,
J. W. Tymon, William G. Badger, John
McAllister. E. A. Schumacker, E. S. Norrls,
P. B. Quinlan, T. L. Hugnet. G. Stone, 11.
M. Johnston. F. A. Maestrettl. James H.
Todd, Robert Cassitfy, James Hamilton, J.
G Boobar W. H. Hanscomb, E. J. Morris,
\Y. Donald. George H. Bahrs. H. C. Wulf,
J. K. Frith. M. R. Murphy. G. Greenwood,
H. C. Tunnison, John L. Boone, Charles
Gunn A. Blumenthal. Dr. Max Solomon,
Richard Doyle. P. Beamish, W. Telfer, A.
J. Martin, John Olsson, T. H. Selby, M.
M< JOnna. H. Sagehorn. Charles Twiggr, F.
Ferres, Rlahard Stuve, Johnston- Reynolds,
Jamfre H. Ferguson, D. C. Murphy, James
Dickie, O. D. Baldwin, K. Dahl. J. J.
Evans, H. P. Frear. Harry Baer, Forest
Biandlng. William Eveleth. Stephen Rich
ards, J. D. Grant, John Sklvington.
THEY DANCED
SIX FIGURES
The Entre Nous Cotillon
Club Opens the Season
at the Palace Hotel.
The first dance of the season was held
in the Maple Hall, at the Palace Hotel,
last evening, when the Entre Nous Cotil
lon Club held its opening assembly and
german, inaugurating its ninth season.
Like all the previous meetings of this
popular and fashionable club, the affair
wr.6 a distinct and brilliant success. Fifty
couples, the full club membership, par
ticipated and danced six pretty and novel
figures under the leadership of Sanford
G. Lewalti.
Those in the first set were:
f'larence Burke and Miss Heppner. Herman
Herzer and Miss Swain, Mr. and Mm. George
P. CJraham, Randall Phillips and Mi»g R.-lhl
'William F. Hooke anil Mion Lubben Dave
Wise and Miss Klngsford. Leo Pockwi'tz and
Mi*s Haas. Merrltt Robinson and Mlhs Lud
low, Robert P. Halgrht and Miss Bruce, John
F. Plaijernann and Miss Hlnk, Ja»on Gould and
Mlsb McFaaden. Charles O'Kane anil Mlaa
Leahy, Oscar Meussdorffer and Mins Volkman
William Meckfessel and Miss Prosek. Vincent
O'Neil and Mlbs Lipp Mr. and Mrs. Edward
O. Can-era, Mr. and Mrs. George W. Lippman,
Sanford G. Lewald and Miss Maitland.
The next assembly and german of this
club will be held on Friday evening, No
vember 18, at the Palfic»- Hotel.
In the Divorc© Courts.
Florence M. Delmatre has been granted
a divorce from Oscar S. Delmatre on the
ground of willful neglect. Alexander Mc-
Vicker has been ordered to pay Mrs. An
nie E. McVlcker alimony In the sum of
$30 a month. Ellen F. Beuring haa sued
Joseph H. Beuring for a divorce, alleg
ing desertion as a cause of complaint.
Suits for divorce on the ground of fail
ure to provide have been filed by Caro
line H. Kountrell against James O.
Rountrell, Mary Freeman against Robert
B. Freeman and Elizabeth Neumann
against Edward Neumann. Philip Shoe
ing has been granted a divorce from Vio
la U SchoenJg on the ground of Infidelity.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1898.
HENLEY ONCE
BETRAYED A
SACRED TRUST
Sold Out to the Rail
road in Sonoma.
HE WAS A COUNTY OFFICER
USED HIS POSITION TO EFFECT
A DONATION OF BONDS.
Sued the Corporation and Got Half
a Cent Damages — McKinstry'a
Denunciation of the
Sell-Out.
When the Democratic Municipal Con
vention named Barclay Henley, an alien
of Mexico, for the high and honorable
office of District Attorney of San Fran
cisco its members presumably did not
know that he had filled a similar position
once before in this State, and in a man
ner that made his constituents blush for
the good name of the people who elected
him. He was In the office of the District
Attorney of Sonoma County in 1870 as
assistant to District Attorney Overton,
and the records show that his conduct
was so outrageous and treacherous that
the people there refused to recognize him
thereafter.
This spirit was shown In the Democratic
convention of 1886 when Judge Curtis of
Sacramento and Henley were candidates
for the chairmanship of that body. Henley
denounced Curtis as a railroad man, and
the latter replied In a manner that snowed
Henley under by a majority of 69 votes.
The defeated candidate's own district
went against him 69 to 22. Judge Curtis
got his ammunition from the records of
the old Twelfth District Court, which
show that Henley and his superior. Over
ton, tried to beat the California Pacific
Railroad out of $2000 for services as at
torneys,''and $412 for expenses. At that
time Henley was Assistant District At
torney and also a member of the Assem
bly from Mendoclno County, and had been
actively Interested in the passage of the
county subsidy act, to enable countita to
assist In the building of railroads.
While holding these responsible posi-
I tlons Henley, for the purpose of monetary
and other gain, lent himself to the Cali
fornia Pacific Railroad, as subsequently
shown by a complaint in a suit that he
and Oveiton brought against the com
pany. The complaint states that between
April 10, 1870, and September 10 of the
same year, Henley officially induced the
Supervisors of Sonoma County to as
semble at various times In order to have
that body order the holding of an elec
tion submitting the Question of voting a
donation of county bonds to aid In the
construction of the railroad. He also
drew petitions to and contracts with the
board relative to this matter and gave his
official advice— and his advice every time
was favorable to the railroad scheme.
When the proposition was submitted to
the people Henley spent the most of his
time stumping the county in favor of the
donation by the county to aid In the con
struction of the railroad. That the alien
of Mexico was In the employ of the rail
road company while holding two posi
tions that were the gift of the people Is
shown by the railroad company's answer
to the complaint.
This answer was that Henley and Over
ton and the railroad company had an
understanding that if the job was carried
out they would be appointed attorneys for
the company, "and further that the ser
vices were for lobbying, for which they
were not entitled to recover." The case
was tried in 1872 and the court decided
that Henley and Overton were entitled to
damages in the sum of 1 cent.
Judge McKlnstry filed an opinion in
wlttch he said that it Is the duty of every
good citizen to give advlco upon publlo
affairs when asked, and the law pre
sumes that the adviser Is actuated only
by a desire to benefit the whole com
munity and that "It will not be permitted
that this proud privilege shall be degraded
by hired advocacy." Judge McKinstry's
language was most scathing in his de
nunciation of Henley and Overtoil's con
duct and the finding of judgment for 1
cent, half a cent apiece, would have been
to ordinary men more humiliating than
the loss of the case.
Henley's itemized account of expenses
while jobbing for the railroad proves that
as a public servant of Sonoma County
he had Bold himself out to a corporation,
body, boots and breeches. And this Is the
person who seeks of the public of San
Francisco the high position of District
Attorney, an office above all others that
should be filled by a man whose character
is above reproach and whose past Is not
clouded by crooked transactions.
CATCHING A PERJURER
LEARNING HIS PART
CLEVER WORK OF INSPECTORS
FLESH AND GARDNER.
Wong Bing Captured With the Ques
tions end Answers Written
Down in a Book.
Wong Blng, a member of the Chinese
Association for the Importation of Slave
Girls, was neatly caught yesterday in the
act of studying a catechism of questions
and answers to fit the case of Wong Ling
Choy, a Chinese girl, at the Mall dock
awaiting a landing. The girl had been
furnished with a catechism before she left
China, and had studied it on the way
across. Wong Bing was furnished with
a duplicate so that when he should give
his testimony before the Chinese bureau
it would correspond with that given by
the girl.
Interpreter Gardner and Chinese In
spector Flesh went yesterday morning to
the residence of W ong Blng, at 717*4
Pacific street. Dr. Gardner, in Chinese,
requested Blng to come to the door, that
some one wanted to apeak with him.
Bing, catechism in hand, opened the
door and was immediately seized by the
visitors. Flesh getting a strong half Nel
son hold on the Chinaman's right wrist.
The paper was taken to the bureau and
translated. ■"It contained all the neces
sary questions and answers pertaining to
the case of Wong Ling Choy and will
be used by the bureau as a reason why
she should not be allowed to land. There
being no punishment for such cases Bing
was allowed to go.
The next time he Is studying his cate
chism he will lock the door and bar it
and remain inside.
Jumped Out of a Window.
Rudolph Kopke, who lives on Bryant
and Eleventh streets, called upon Miss
Mary Foley at 1528 Howard street late
Thursday night. H» had been drinking
heavily, and while waiting" for her ap
pearance he fell asleep. Miss Foley re
turned with a friend about 1 o'clock yes
terday morning and seeing a man In her
room concluded that he was a burglar.
She screamed, which awakened Kopke
out of his sleep, and in his muddled con
dition he rushed to the window arid
jumped out from the second story, A
few minutes later Policemen Parrell and
Ward found him unconscious on the side
walk and sent him to the City Prison in
the patrol wagon, where a. charge of
"drunk" was booked against him. He
was then taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, where Dr. Hartley found that three
fingers of his left hand and his eyebrow
and chin were cut. and his right wrist
sprained. Ho was released yesterday
morning.
Plumbers Elect Officers.
The following gentlemen were elected
officers of the Association of Master
Plumbers of Ban Francisco, National As
sociation of Master Plumbers, for the
year ending October. 1890: Charles W
Iredale, president; William C. Qulnn
vice president; Henry Hufschmidt, treas
urer; John L. E. Flrmln, corresponding
secretary; Abe Newraark, financial secre
tary; Charles T. MacCarthy, recording
secretary; Fred Koch, chairman of the
general committee; O. C. Sweeney, first
trustee; Gus Bayruther, second trustee"
George C. Dallamore. third trustee, and
J. H. Brooke, sergeant at arms.
Died From His Injuries.
Henry Weyand, a glass blower, aged 32
yearH, died at the City and County Hospi
tal yesterday afternoon from Injuries re
ceived In falling from a wag-on at th«
The faMumlle yr l^ '■'■// j>j^ ...it.:''"' if on every wrapper
iiga»ture of W^'y%^& of CASTOEU.
corner of Mission and Fourteenth streets,
on the 20th inst. AVeyand was an unmar
ried man and resided at 735 Brannan
street. '
WANT THEIR MOTHER HANGED
A Wife Excites Her Children's An
ger by Assaulting Her Husband.
A sad Urania <»f domestic depravity,
brought on by the Inordinate use of
streng drink, was enacted In the little cot
tage of Andrew Howard at 428^ Shotwell
street last evening, in which Agnea How
ard, the wife of Andrew Howard, and the
mother of four little children, ranging
from one to seven years of age, was the
aggressor.
The husband and father of this unhappy
family is a hard-working, industrious
man, who follows the business of a furni
ture polisher in the firm of Paterson &
Schentp, at 411 Shotwell street. On his
return from work yesterday evening at
half-pa«t 6 o'clock his wife asned him for
some money for liquor. This he refused,
which angered his better half to the ex
tent that she seized a lighted coal oil
lamp and threw it at him, breaking a
larfce mirror in doing so. Not satisfied
with this mode of revenge, she picked up
a small butcher knife and made a fur
1 ther assault on him. This time she was
I more successful, as she plunged the steel
blade into his left arm, making an in
cision eight inches long, from which the
blood spurted, and at the same time sev
ering one of the large tendons.
Howard closed in on his infuriated wife,
when he got another jab of the knife in
the back of the head. In the meantime
the blood from the wound in his arm had
spurted over his wife's white muslin
dress.
While this unnatural scene was being
enacted in the little cottage the oldest
I child, a little boy, ran Igto the Seven
j teenth street police station and informed
Lieutenant Price that his mother was
killing his father. Price dispatched Of
ficers Crowley and Graham to the Place
mentioned by the boy. While the officers
were on their way to the house Howard
entered the station and toiu his story to
Price. The patrol wagon was at once dis
patched to the house and the half-drunk
on woman and her four children brought
to the police station. Her appearance,
smearen as she was with the blood of
the husband, presented a disgusting
sight. The little children begged the of
ficers to hang her, and In their grief over
the fate of their father wanted their
mother sent to San Quentin, where they
hoped she would be "burned up." How
ard was sent to the Clip and County Hos
pital, where Drs. ' Hopßlns. Treuholtz and
Gibbons put fifteen stitches In the man's
arm and dressed the wound In his head,
which was but slight. On his return to
the police station Lieutenant Price sent
him and his little children to their home
and booked the woman wtlh an assault
with a deadly weanon. She was immedi
ately transferred to the Central police
station.
This unfortunate woman has been re
peatedly arrested for drunkenness within
the past year, and when the services of
the officers are required to take her to
the station It Invariably requires two of
the stoutest of the force to handle her. as
she is a powerfully built woman, weighing
over 200 pounds, while her unfortunate
husband is a small, delicate man.
FUNERAL OF J. F. BROWN.
Friends and Associates Show Him
Their Last Marks of Respect.
The last remarks of respect were shown
the late J. Franklin Brown by his friends
and co-workers yesterday afternoon. The
impressive services Of the Episcopal
church were read by the Rev. J. A.
Emery, rector of the Church of the Ad-
The rooms of Carew & English, under
takers, on Van Ness avenue, were throng
ed with frlomis of the decedent. Many
floral offering!? softened the gloom of the
mortuary chapel. Noticeable among them
was a tribute from License Collector T.
B. Bonnet, In whose office Mr. Brown was
c The palibearers were William A. Deane,
T F. Bonnet, Frank Corning. Charles Mc-
Aultffe. Henry Schneer, John Crowley, Jo
seph Feehan and John Fitzgerald. The
interment was In Laurel Hill Cemetery.
All of the liquid refreshments for the
masquerade ball of the California State
Protective Association of Liquor Deal
ers has been contributed by the whole
salers-and brewers. The ball will take
place in Odd Fellows' Hall to-nlpht.
Four elegant prizes will be awarded to
the dancers.
Will Present "War Scenes.
A musical and literary entertainment
will be given at Mission Parlor Hall,
Seventeenth street, near Valencia-, on the
28th inst. for the benefit of the League of
the Croßß. The entertainment will be
given under the auspices of Company I of
the League of the Cross Cad^s. One of
the features of the evening w"% be stere
jptieon views of the late war.
BIG BUSINESS
OF POSTOFFICES
Marked Increase in the
Receipts.
MILLIONS IN MONEY ORDERS
DECBEASE IN DEFICIT SHOWS
COUNTRY'S PROSPERITY.
Table of Transactions in the Larger
Offices on the Pacific Coast
■Reflects Creditably on the
! Administration.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington Oct. 21.
No better Index of the condition of
: business throughout the country can I
I be found than in the work of the Pc-st- j
l office business. The increase in the i
gross money order business during the
fiscal year of IS9S over that of 1897 is !
in round numbers from $368,000,000 to I
$401,000,000, an increase of many mil- ;
lions over any ether year.
Another gratifying evidence of the i
1 country's prosperity is found in the de- |
crease "of the postal deficit from $12,000,- '
j 000 in 1857 to $9,000,000 in 189S, and this *
! notwithstanding a great increase in ex
| penditures.
The following table of the business !
I done in the larger offices of the Pacific
Coast States is of much interest as
showing the marvelous prosperity of ,
the coast under a Republican adminis- :
: tration. Only one town in California, {
Marysville, and one in Washington, j
Olympia, show any material decrease in ;
: gross revenue:
COMPARATIVE STATEMENT.
Poftoffke. 1897.
I Alameda • $15.838 24
' Berkeley 12,9*5 89
Fresno 24.207 27
L.,9 Angeles 190.126 38
Marysviile 10,003 38
Napa 10.432 55
Oakland 102.895 03
Pasadena 22.197 70
Pomona 11.21S 80
Redlands .'... 11.463 93
Riverside .-.-... M.M* 04
Sacramento 72,162 76
San Bernardino 12.025 63
i San Diego 35.292 33
I San Francisco 850.603 23
San Jose 47,389 04
Santa Barbara 15,607 29
Santa Cruz 13.846 43
, Santa Rosa 11,304 44
Stockton 28.992 12
Oregon —
Astoria 10.991 17
Portland 150.777 67
Salem 16.509 21
Washington—
Olympla 11.903 45
Seattle 88.10S 42
Spokane 08.221 12
Tacoma 48,866 35
Walla Walla 12,981 91
tBM.
$15,406 70
13,337 69
26.250 40
212,069 13
9,269 S6
10.410 96
100,811 64
24,043 21
10.363 97
13.583 48
16,213 41
75,299 17
12,896 17
35,391 37
917,97 s : 25
47.853 23
16.571 32
13,622 48
12,268 56
31.194 67
11,247 13
174.631 13
15,646 40
7.563 56
123,961 43
69.624 03
58.708 50
14.457 68
The fallowing offices in California,
whose gross receipts did not reach $10,
000 for 1897, now show an excess over
I that amount, viz.: Eureka, $10,135 49;
) Santa Ana. $10.225 S4; Vallejo, $10,147 48.
Knickerbocker Fire Laddiss.
The forty-eighth anniversary of the or
ganization of Knickerbocker Engine Com
pany No. 5 of the Volunteer Fire Depart
ment of San Francisco was celebrated
last Sunday at Dexter's, in Sausallto, by
a reunion and dinner. The table was
tastefully decorated with choice flowers
sent for the occasion by Mrs. Howard
Coit, the honorary member of the com
pany, from her home in Larkspur. B. B.
Vreeland, the surviving foreman of the
company, presided. The few members of
the strongest company of the old depart
ment who were around the festive board
•were a forcible reminder of the old say
ing, "There are only a few of us left."
These were: Stephen Bunner. Peter Gian
ninni, John Hall, Thomas McCaully, Thos.
Langan, Harry Wheeler, James Grady,
James Kentzell, E. B. Vreeland and E.
T. Anthony, the secretary of the old or
ganization. As social guests there were
Mesdames Stephen Bunner, Lawrence
Sellenger, Zasarias, L. Dunn, W. H.
Miller. Thomas Sawyer, and Misses Lot
tie Anthony. Edna Anthony, Norle Dunn,
M Bender, Mamie Burns, Nellie O'Rourke
and Lizzie Grady. The Knickerbockers,
while they are growing less and less
every year, will keep up the pleasant cus
torn of remembering old associations
once a year until there shall remain but
one who will be able to proclaim, "I am
the lasi of the Knickerbockers," and he
will have a feast to himself yearly until
he shall be called upon to answer roll call
above.
Employment Agency Bobbed.
Burglars entered the office of Murray
& R«ady, employment agents at 634 Clay
street, Thursday night and ransacked the
place. The front door had been broken
open and the rear door was left open,
showing the mode of exit. The only thing
stolen was a typewriter. The police were
notified.
HUDYAN DID IT
t Yes, HUDYAIT is the true nerve v uflder.
Many men and women are ready to- testify
to that. HUDYAN did it.; HUDYi^-. does
do. : HUDYAN cures. Just as certain aa
you are a foot high, so certain will B|JDYAN
rare you. :
HUDYAN cures Nervous Weakness, Men-
tal ; Depression, Hysteria, Numbness, Tremb- ,
ling, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Pains in the ;
Shoulder, Pains Up and Down the Backbone.
HUDYAN cnre3 Nervousness, Melanoholia,
Nervous Debility, Exhausted Nerve Vitality.
i HUDYAN cures Sleeplessness/Palpitation 0/ \
the Heart, Sick Headache, Indigestion, Loss
lof Appetite. HUDYAN cures. Call or :
writ* for free circulars.-
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
' Ellis, Stockton and Market St«.
■'"'.: BAN FRAK CISCO. CAI*
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KLARNX AND WAtHLNGTON. BT3.— RK-
modeled and - renovated. KINO, WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms We to $1 50 day
$6 to »S week, ** to »30 month. Free bath*; hot
and cold water every room; flrt frttta la aTtrx i
.room; »lev»tor nioa aU nljhU - ■-.-- - - J
ADVERTISE3SEENT3.
\tyh ! 1 fist
) I *■■"> !_!— ■ _>^
The most critical period in a woman*
life may be properly called " Blossoming 1
Time." It is the period when she blossoms .
from girlhood into womanhood.
At this momentous time the best medi-
cine for a woman to take is Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription. It acts directly up-
on the delicate and important organs that
are to bear the burdens of wifehood and
motherhood. It makes them strong.
healthy and vigorous. It corrects all
irregularities and displacements and stops
exhausting drains. Taken during the pe-
riod of expectant maternity, it banishes
the usual annoyances and makes baby's
coming easy and almost painless. It in-
sures the new-comer's health and an ample
supply of nourishment. It transforms
weak, sickly, nervous, ' complaining wo-
men into happy, healthy wives. Thou-
sands of women have told over their own
signatures, the story of the marvelous
merits of this great medicine. An hon-
est dealer will not try to persuade you
to take something different from what you
ask for, for the sake of a few pennies ad-
ded profit.
Mrs. Anna Ulrich, of Elm Creek, Buffalo
Co., Neb., writes: "I was under doctors' care
for two year? with uterine disease. I was so
weak that I could sit up in bed only a few mo-
ments. I commenced taking Dr. Pierces Fa-
vorite Prescription and when I had taken one-
half dozen bodies I was up and going wherever
I pleased, and have been very strong ever since
: —that was two years and a half ago."
The only constipation-£M*r that never
causes discomfort — Dr. Pierces Pleasant
Pt M ets. At all medicine stores.
DEMOCRATIC
DISTRICT MEETINGS.
MAYOR PHELAN,
FRANKLIN K. LANE,
BARCLAY HENLEY
AND OTHER PROMINENT SPEAKERS
WILL. ADDRESS " THE VOTERS ON TUB
ISSUES OF THE DAT ON
SATURDAY, OCT. 22,
j^'p— —
Thirty-fifth, Maguire Hall, China avenue and
Thirty-seventh, Phelp's Hall, Devisadero,
"thirty-seventh. Sunset View Hall, Ninth ave-
nue and H street.
Under the auspices of the Democratic City and
County Committee.
M JASPER McDONALD. Chairman..
THOMAS J. WALSH, Secretary. -
FOR
MAYOR:
JAMES D. PHELAN,
REGULAR
DEMOCRATIC
AND
NON-PARTISAN
NOMINEE.
FOR. . .
PUBLIC. . .
ADMINISTRATOR,
A. C. EEEBSE
INDEPENDENT
NOMINEE.
- FOR ASSESSOR,
JOHN D. SIEBE
(PRESENT INCUMBENT),
REPTTBIiICAN. NON-PARTISAN AKO POP-
TJLIST NOMINEE.
W COUNTY CLERK,
COUNTY CLERK,
M. A. DEANE,
REGULAR
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
FOR RAILROAD COMMISSIONER. . .
CHAS.S.LAUMEISTER
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
VOTE FOR. . 0
DR. C. C. O'DONNBLL
FOR CORONER
AND THE DEAD WILL BE RESPECTED.
'SSfflK- EHODES BOEDEN
(INCUMBENT.)
DEMOCRATIC, NON-PARTISAN AND PEO-
; PLE' PARTY NOMINEE.
DR. ED. E. HILL
Fop CORONER.
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND PEOPLE'S
PARTY NOMINEE. '
pooooooooooooooooo
V" PALACE ™*5
%GRAND HOTELS I
o BAN FtiAftCIOCO. 2
** Connected by a covered passageway. Tj
° 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. 2
O All Under One Management. O
A NOTE THE PRICES: Q
D Baropean Plan. Bl.oo per day and upward^
O American F1an.93.00 per day and upward**
Q - Correspondence Solicited. Q
q JOHN 0. KIRXPATRICK, H&aager. q
ttQOOOOOOOQOQQQQOOO
MAKE PERFECT MEN
-^^•ftw DO SOT DESPAIR ! Do notSuf.
/•EfaßwlL fer Longer! The Joys and ambition* of
i3fe5 s *ste*i, life c»n be restored to yt>n. Th« Tery
■ HSr ' -mSm'' wor»tca»escf Xervoui n«hll!ty ura .
Q absolutely DESPAIR ! DonotSuf.
fer Longer! The joys and ambition* of
life can be restored to you. The Tery
worst cases at Xer voui Ile.blllty «r«
absolutely cured by PERFEfTO
•fti ' TABLETS. Give prompt reli«f to in-
»^\ "^^^Ssomnla, falling memory and the wast,
tSJ\i\Piraartr and drain of Vital powers, incurred by
"»TAwtSp Indiscretions or excesses of early years.
L -'\JEiW"^ Impart Tijror and potency to every tuno-
tlon. Brace op the system. . Give J ««1E»^ bloom to th.
cheeks and lustre to the eyes o'fcHfTStO'Jniro'-old.
One 50c box renews vital energy. njlfJ 6 boxes a*
53. 40 * complete suarant««Hl cure TrcnT 01 ' money re-
funded. Can be carried in rest "*•!»' pocket Sold
•Tory where. or mailed In plain wrapper on receipt of
price by TUB rBBFKCTO «>., Caxi.n feldg., <■*!««»•, 111.
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. Sao Fran, and Oakland
Weekly CaU,sl.sO ncr Year
34
DEWEY SEIZES
THE STEAMERS
OF AGUINALDO
filipinos Made Very Indignant by
the £Idn)iraPs Decisive
ActioQ.
So tbe Attitude of the Philippine Insurgents
Is Reported as Very Threat
ening.
Special Cable to The Call and the Xew York Herald. Copyrighted, 1898,
by James Gordon Bennett.
MANILA, Oct. 21.— Dewey has seized
all of Aguinaldo's steamers. Natives
are indignant, and their attitude is
threatening.
The ailments pf the troops are mostly
slight, and common to Europeans newly
arrived in the tropics. The rations are
of good quality, but the volunteers are
accustomed to better food and com
plain.
A great baseball contest between the
various military orgaizations has be
gun, with silver cups as prizes. The
Fourteenth regulars ployed the Utah*,
and the Utahs won. South Dakotas
defeated the Minnesota*. Colorados
played the Nebraska*, but the frame
was called, and the contest continues.
The boys are happy, but want to re
turn home.
CRUISER OLYMPIA
WILL NOT RETURN
NEW YORK Oct. 21.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: It was pos
itively stated at the Navy Department j
CLARK PAYS THE
DEATH PENALTY
St. Helena Fratricide
Executed.
HANGMAN DOES A NEAT JOB
MURDERER MEETS HIS DOOM
WITH FORTITUDE.
Attempts to Speak a Few Parting
Words, but His Voice Fails
Him— Crime for Which
"le Suffered.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON. Oct. 21.—
George W. Clark, the St. Helena frat
ricide, expiated his crime on the gal
lows this morning at 10:30 o'clock.
Though the murderer met his doom
with more fortitude than had been ex
pected his *ast moments were fraught
with such awful mental suffering that
many of the spectators at the execu
tion averted their eyes at the fateful
moment and failed to see the drop.
At 9 o'clock Warden Hale proceeded
t ) the death chamber and was in
formed by the condemned man that the
reading of the death warrant would be
waived. Mrs. Burns and a Salvationist
named Montgomery, both of Oakland,
were with -.ark until the moment he
left his cell, offering him religious con
solation. He informed them and Chap
lain Drahms that he was resigned to
his fate and believed that his soul
would be received in heaven.
Supported by two guards and pre
ceded by Chaplain Drahms he mounted
the steps to the scaffold with a fairly
firm step, took his stand upon the trap
and closed his eyes. His ups were
trembling and his hands nervously
twitching, but all he said until the
noose was adjusted was a continual
repetition of the words, "Bless the
Lord:"
Just as the black cap was about to
be placed over his head Clark feebly
asked to be permitted to speak a few
words. Hangman JLunt removed the
noose, but Clark's throat contracted
and he was unable to utter a sound.
The cap was placed in position, the
signal given and quickly came the end.
Clark's neck was broken by the fall
and the last pulsation had ceased in
nine minutes. By Clark's request the
remains were interred in the prison
cemetery. The execution was witnessed
by about seventy-five per3ons — an un
usually large number.
The crime for which Clark paid with
his life was the murder of his brother
at St. Helena last June. He had lived
for years with his brother's wife and
failing to put him out of the way with
poison shot him while he was prepar
ing a meal in the kitchen of his own
house.
WATSONVILLE SUSPECTS
AGAIN UNDER ARREST
The Suspected Abductors Released
Owing to an Official Misunder
standing.
"WATSONVILLE, Oct. 21. —The suspected
Abductors in the Osborn case, who were
discharged last evening through some
misunderstanding between the Assistant
District Attorney and Constable Kitt
ridge, -were rearrested this morning and
held on the charge of burglary. The
examination will be held Monday.
GENERAL WOOD HAS
ISSUED A PROCLAMATION
It Is Regarded as a Sort of Provi
sional Declaration of Inde-
pendence.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Oct. 21.— General
Leonard Wood, Military Governor — o
tern. of the Department of Santiago, to
day issued a proclamation, which is a sort
of provisional declaration of Independ
ence.
It is largely based on the constitution ol
the United States.
Incendiarism Suspected at Vallecito.
VALL.ECITO, Oct. 21.— A $1500 blaze de-
Btroyed a blacksmith-shop belonging: to
William Saunders here last night.- No In
eurance. The fire is believed to be of in
cendiary origin, and 1b the third which has
destroyed Saunderg' property within a
year.
to-day that the cruiser Olympia will
not return home for some time to come.
The repairs she required have been
made, and she is now understood to
be in excellent condition. The battle
ship Texas, therefore, will not be or
dered to relieve the Olympia, but will
remain on the North Atlantic station
for the present.
DEWEY REPORTS
FIRE ON A COLLIER
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21.— A telegram
was received by the Secretary of the
Navy to-day from Admiral Dewev
at Manila, saying that the collier Nero
arrived at Taku on the 16th with her
coal on fire, and suggesting that, as he
had no further use for the vessel, she
be sent home. Dewey said nothing
about the political situation in the
Philippines or the capture of any more
ships belonging to either the Spaniaids
or to the insurgents, or, if he did, the
officials of the department will not ad
mit it.
POLITICAL PANIC
AT SACRAMENTO
Election Officers Who
Are Disqualified.
NOT ON ASSESSMENT ROLL
DISCOVERY CAUSES QUITE A
COMMOTION.
Appointees Endeavor to Square
Themselves by Offering All
Sorts of Personal Prop
erty for Assessment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 21.— The County
Board of Supervisors met a few day%
ago and selected the different election
officers to serve at the polling places on
November 8. On Thursday the Repub
lican County Central Committee met
and went over the lists. It was found
that the list of officers selected to serve
in the First Supervisorial District con
tained the names of men a very large
percentage of whom were not on the
assessment roll, as required by law.
It was also found, claim members of
the committee, that the names of Re
publicans handed by them to the Su
pervisor of the First District had been
ignored by him, and he had substituted
for these names those of alleged Re
publicans unknown to the Republican
County Central Committee. Steps were
at once taken to mandamus the Board
of Supervisors and compel it to re
vise the list.
This announcement caused a tremen
dous scrambling to-day on the part of
those election officers selected by the
Supervisors to get on the assessment
roll. When Assessor Berkey's office was
opened this morning a line of men was
found in waiting. The first of these
stepped forward and announced that he
had been overlooked when the Assessor
made up his personal property roll some
months ago, and that he had some
Jewelry on which he was anxious to
pay taxes. Another presented a watch,
which he said had escaped the vigilance
of the Assessor, and as he was am
bitious to bear his burden of the ex
penses of government he asked that the
watch be put down as valued at $50, the
tax on which is 88 cents. Others
claimed to own various articles coming
under the head of personal property.
Assessor Berkey was absent, and his
deputies refused to accept the respon
sibility of receiving these extraordinary
voluntary assessments. Berkey will be
back in two or three days, when it will
be settled whether these officers are to
be placed on the roll as taxpayers or a
new llßt of election officers selected. It
was stated to-night by members of the
committee that a new list will be adopt
ed by the Supervisors without the ne
cessity of resorting to the courts.
BOERS FIGHTING
REBEL TRIBESMEN
There Is a Promise of a Prolonged
Campaign Before the Trouble
Is Over.
PRETORIA, Oct. 21.— Serious trouble is
brewing with the Magato tribe in the
Zoutpansberg district, south of the Lim
popo River. The natives recently killed
a Lutheran missionary and his family at
the town of Zoutpansberg, and the Trans
vaal Government sent an expedition to
punish them. The affair has now assumed
serious proportions.
Chief Opefu, with 20.000 followers fully
armed and with four cannons supplied by
white traders, attacked the leader.
Heavy fighting Is expected. The ultima
tum of General Joubert. demanding the
unconditional surrender, has been Ignored
by the tribesmen, and he has summoned
3000 Burghers to reinforce the 6000 now In
the field. The campaign promises to be
prolonged.
CHILE'S MINISTRY UPSET.
Due to a Disagreement Between the
President nnd One of His
Cabinet.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
VALPARAISO, Chile, Oct. 21.— The Min
istry has been again upset by a disagree
ment between the President and Minister
of Public Worke. The latter has resigned,
and, as Is customary here, the Minister or
Foreign Affairs has folio we'd hie example.
THE SAINT FKANCIBCO CALL, SATUBPAY, OCTOBER 22, 1693.
FARCICAL TRIAL
IN MARIN COUNTY
District Attorney With
the "Push."
POLITICS BEFORE BUSINESS
HENBY ALLEN'S PERSECUTION
A MOCKEBY.
Important Witnesses Not Called in
the Case — Taxpayers Grum
bling at Mr. Martinelli's
Methods.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 21.— 1t is an
.opinion commonly expressed in political
'circles that District Attorney E. B.
Martinelli is rather "slow," but the man
ner in which the prosecution of a man
charged with assault to commit mur
der was conducted here last Wednes
day has given rise to a notion that now
and then there is a method in his slow
ness.
A man named Henry Allen was ar
rested at Tamalpais on August 14 last
for shooting Joseph Malatesta. The
evidence given in the Justice Court
was deemed amply sufficient to justify
Allen being bound over to answer the
charge of assault with a deadly weapon,
with intent to commit murder, in the
Superior Court. On motion of the Dis
trict Attorney this was done.
At that time Martinelli aspired for
the Republican nomination for the ol
rice o-f which he is the incumbent, but
before the Superior Court trial he re
ceived the nomination through the in
strumentality of the Sausalito "push,
which proudly refers to him as its
•friend." This produced a decided
change in the result of the trial, at
least so far as appearances go.
Wednesday last the alleged "trial
occurred. It came so near being a farce
that peo-ple in general would laugh were
it not for the fact that such farces cost
taxpayers a good deal of money. Four
witnesses who gave vital testimony at
the preliminary examination were not
called at all and no real endeavor was
made to elicit the facts of the case frcmi
one o-f the witnesses who was called.
The four men not called were Michael
McNamara, Philip le Cornec, Daniel
Campbell and Frank Murray.
McNamara testified in the Justice
Court that Allen pushed Malatesta out
of his saloon and shot him while the
man was so drunk tnat he had twice
fallen. He heard Allen threaten to
shoot the plaintiff the night before the
trouble occurred and saw him exhibit
a revolver with the remark: "If this
gun is not of a large enough caliber
1 have one that Is." Le Cornec and
Campbell corroborated these facts in a
general manner, while Murray heard
the threats.
For lack of evidence Allen was ac
quitted, Sausalito's "friend" gained one
vote and the Ccmnty of Marin was
minus $150. The farcical trial is con
demned on every side and it is prophe
sied that a day of reckoning will arrive
before many days have passed. C iti
zens assert that they are willing to be
taxed for prosecuting offenses, but not
to furnish political friends during a
campaign. -
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Discharge Without Honor of Several
Volunteers From Uncle Sam's
Service.
WASHINGTON, Oct. Pensions have
been granted as follows:
California-Original: Andrey J. Wheel
er Santa Rosa. $8. Additional: Rodney
L Herrick, Ventura. $6; Aaron G. Tib
betts. Ventura, $10 to $12. Increase: Peter
Toomey. San Bernardino, $6 to $&. Origi
nal, widow: Mary A. W. Lajs, ban
F 0 a r n ego S n^O $ riginal: Lewis F. Shipley.
Heopner $8; Silvanus L. Roberts, Myrtle
Point $B. increase: Henry Laws, Wood
ville, $12 to $14. Original. widow-Minor
of Eben Berry, Roseburg, $12.
Washington - Original: Eugene D.
Stowe, Frances, $10, Horace ML Guptill.
Port Angeles. $6. Original, widow: An-
Keline M. Randolph, Monroe, $8.
Private John Reynold*, Troop D Fourth
United States Cavalry, now at tort Yel
lowstone, upon his own application is
transferred to Troop B. Fourth United
States Cavalry, and will be Bent to the
station of that troop, in the Presidio of
S p n r ivafe nC Ul^ses P. Lappln. Troop B.
Fourth United States Cavalry, now at
the Presidio, San Francisco is transferred
to Company A. Twenty-third Infantry,
now supposed to be at that post.
Privates Charles S. Vaughn and Georj •
W Kertson, both of the Fourteenu.
United States Intantry. have been at
tached to Company X Twenty-third In
fantry, now at Camp Merritt, San Fran
cisco •
C By the direction of the Assistant Secre
tary of War the following enlisted men.
now supposed to be at stations designated
after their respective names, will be dis
charged without honor from the service
of the United States by their respective
commanding officers; Private Wes ley P.
McGlothlin, Company F, First Washing
ton Volunteer Infantry, now at Manila;
Privates Thomas Farrell, Alfred L. Mar
tin Edward A. Robertson and Caspar E.
Polffer Troop B, Fourth United States
Cavalry Presidio, San Francisco; Private
Guy Rogers, Benicia Barracks; Private
William Smith, Company I, Eighteenth
United States Infantry. Camp Otis, Ha
waiian Islands; Sergeant Edgar H. Leon
ard, band First Washington Volunteer In
fantry. Ij. _
The " weekly exchange of registered
malls between the postofflces of Skaguay,
Alaska, and Bennett, In the Yukon dis
trict of Canada, will be Immediately com
menced. Mails are restricted to letters
and postal cards to the exclusion of all
other articles. By postal convention with
Canada all sealed letters exchanged be
tween the two countries must be of the
usual and ordinary form. All Postmas
ters In the United States^ having regis
tered letters or postal cards for dispatch
to any place in the Yukon district of
Canada will inclose the same with regis
try bills In registered package envelopes,
which they will address to the Post
master at the exchange office of Skaguay,
Alaska, They will no longer address
registered packages and envelopes con
taining registered letters for Canada to
! Dyea, AlasKa, as Dyea, Alaska, has been
1 discontinued as a foreign exchange office,
Julian Morton of San Francisco, has
been promoted from $1200 to $1400 a year
j In the supervising architect's office In the
Treasury Department. -
The Secretary of the Interior has re
i versed the land decision In the cases, of
the Northern Pacific; Railroad Company
I against C. C. Stevens and O. M. Averlll
i in the Walla Walla district/Washington.
i The land under dispute Is situated within
i the limits of a grant for that portion ol
i the construction branch land of said com
pany which overlaps the grant from the
main line between Wallula and Portland
Or., which line being unconstructed the
grant therefor was forfeited >by the : act
of September. 1890. The Northern Pacific
Railroad made .an appeal from the de
cision of February, 1897. , .
TO RAISE REINA MERCEDES.
Naval Constructor Hobson Expects to
Save the Vessel.
CAIMANERA, Cuba, Oct. 21. — The
wrecking tug Chapman is bringing extra
anchors from Santiago to hold the Teresa
during her engine trial. The plan is to
raise the Reina Mercedes as soon as Na
val Constructor Hobson returns. The
wrecking company's men are confident of
being able to save her also.
CONTINUOUS
OVATION TO
McKINLEY
Speeds Through Ohio
and Indiana.
ENTHUSIASM IS UNBOUNDED
AT ALL PLACES CHEEBS GBEET
THE PBESIDENT.
Most Imposing Demonstration of the
Day at Indianapolis, Where
an Interesting Address
Was Delivered.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 21.— One continu
ous ovation has marked the passage of
President William McKinley to-day
over the States of Indiana and Ohio.
Defying the wind and rain of a most
disagreeable October day, the citizens
of these States have congregated In
great numbers at every station along
the line, and never have they been dis
appointed, for the President has gra
ciously appeared at every point where
crowds awaited his coming, to speak a
few words to his constituents and re
ceive their approving cheers.
Perhaps the most imposing demon
stration of the day was at Indianapo
lis, where the streets through which the
President was driven to the State
house were jammed with cheering peo
ple. Here on the steps of the State
Capitol, almost within the shadow of
the statue of Thomas A. Hendricks, the
President delivered one of the most
striking and eloquent addresses on his
long Western tour. In the course of
it he paid graceful tribute to the mem
ory of Hendricks and referred also to
ex-President Harrison, both of which
references were received by the people
with deafening applause.
The desire of the President is always
to have the train stopped at every point
where any considerable crowd of people
are gathered to hear him, and conse
quently th« special train to-day was
sometimes far behind the schedule
time, but under the direction of Dave i
N. Bell, who is in charge of the train,
the lost time was largely made up by
fast running.
At Connorsville, Ind., a two-months
old baby was handed over the railing
of the rear platform into the arms of
Secretary Wilson, who presented to the
President his youngest namesake — Wil
liam McKinley. Another humorous in
cident was when Secretary Wilson was
introduced after the President hal fin
ished his remarks at Connorsville.
Twice Mr. Wilson commenced to speak
and twice he was interrupted by the
starting of the train. Then Secretary
Gage shouted: "The eloquence of the
Secretary of Agriculture starts the
wheels going."
Amid great laughter Mr. Wilson then
concluded his brief address and the
train pulled out.
President McKinley was In this city
for two hours to-day. His visit brought
to the city an immense crowd of stran
gers, and all the city Itself seemed to
have turned out to give him a welcome.
The public schools suspended for the
forenoon and, all the pupils of the
grammar grades occupied University
Park, round which the Presidential
party passed in procession. The Presi
dent was accompanied by his wife and
by Secretary of the Treasury Gage,
Secretary of the Interior Bliss, Post
master General Smith and Mrs. Smith,
Secretary of Agriculture Wilson and
Miss Wilson, Assistant Secretary of
War Meiklejohn, J. A. Porter, private
secretary to the President, and Assist
ant Private Secretary Cortelyou.
The Presidential party disembarked
at Washington and Noble streets, on.
the eastern side of the city, entered
open carriages and drove to the Capitol
grounds.
At the Capitol grounds Senator Fair
banks introduced the President, who
said:
My Fellow-Citizens: I thank you for
the words of welcome spoken in your
behalf by your distinguished Senator. I
thank you for this cordial and hearty
freeting at the capital city of your great
tate. We meet in no party name; we
meet in the name of the country, of pa
triotism and of peace. (Great applause.)
It gives me peculiar pleasure to meet me
people of the city of the home residence
of that illustrious statesman and my pre
decessor in the great Presidential office,
Benjamin Harrison. (Tremendous ap
plause.) And I do not forget, in tnis
presence, that this was also the home of
that other distinguished Indlanan, Thomas
A. Hendricks. (Great applause.) Both
names are remembered by all of you, and
both men have been distinguished in the
service of their country.
My Fellow-Citizens: We are here to-day
because we love the old -ag. (Applause.)
It never went down in defeat; it was
never raised in dishonor. (Wild applause.)
It means more at this hour than it ever
meant in all our history, ft floats to-day
where It never floated before. (Great ap
plause.) Glorious old banner! The same
our grandsires lifted up; the same our
fathers bore!
"In many a battle's tempest it shed the
crimson rain,
"And what God hath woven in his loom
no man can break in twain."
(Great applause and cheers.)*
The war has heen successful. It ennea
in a little over a hundred days. Winners
of matchless victories on land and sea,
our army and navy are entitled to every
honor that a generous people can bestow.
(Tremendous applause and cheers.) A
matchless army and a fearless navy have
done their part. The r»-st remains with
us. The war was inaugurated for human
ity. It must not stop until it embraces
humanity. It was not commenced in bit
terness- it was not commenced in malice
it was commenced in a spirit of humanity,
for freedom and to stop oppression, (ap
plause and cheers.) We cannot shirk the
obligations of victory If we would, and we
would not if we could. Happy are all free
peoples, too strong to be dispossessed, but
blessed are they among nations who dare
to be strong for the oppressed. (Tremen
dous applause.)
Following the speeches the procession
I was reformed and the President was
I epcorted to the Union station, where he
took the Cincinnati, Hamilton and
Dayton train for Cincinnati.
JARMAN-REA SLANDER SUIT.
The Case Will Probably Go to the
Jury To-Day.
6AN JOSE, Oct. 21.— argument in the
Jarman-Rea slander suit is nearly com
pleted and the case will be given to the
jury to-morrow forenoon. Attorney
Morehouse occupied the entire d;iy with
hiH argument and closed just before ad
journment. Delmas announced that he
would occupy but an hour In his closing
andresß. Judge Kittredge will then de
liver his charge to the jury.
GREAT FLOOD AT FIUME.
Low-Lying Quarters Submerged and
Great Damage Done.
FIUME. Austria-Hungary, Oct. 21.—
Great havoc haß been caused by floods
In the low-lying quarters of this city,
which have been submerged. The flooded
quarters Include a large portion of the
British section of Flume. Great num
bers of animals have perished. The dam
age done Is estimated at 2,000,000 florins.
FAKING BROKERS
CAUSE SERIOUS
COMPLICATIONS
Hypothecated Bonds
of a Railroad.
APPROPRIATED THEPROCEEDS
TACOMA AND NEW YORK INSTI-
TXJTIONS INVOLVED.
Causes the Reorganization of a Bail
road and the Deposition of a
Prominent Bank
President
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Oct. 21.— 1t has just come
to light that nearly $500,000 of the Ta
coma and Columbia River Railway
bonds were hypothecated in New York
last summer by brokers entrusted with
their sale. The bonds to the amount
named were turned over to them on
their statement that they had placed
the first $250,000 and later $750,000 of
the bonds. The proceeds were to be
used in extending the railroad from
Lake Park, a. suburb of Tacoma,
through the Cascade Mountains to the
Columbia River.
One of the brokers mentioned paid
President Bailey $15,000 for an interest
in the railway project. They sent Bai
ley $31,000 afterward, but the remit
tances then stopped, though large obli
gations were being incurred here for
labor and material.
Bailey left secretly for New York and
secured a relinquishment from the
brokers of all their interest in the
bonds. This did him little good, how
ever, since he found that they had been
hypothecated for comparatively small
sums In New York and Boston. He
claims that the proceeds of the hypoth
ecation, other than the amounts sent
him, were devoted to the brokers' per
sonal use. He threatened to arrest
them, but refrained in response to their
appeals. Besides he believed that such
a course would injure this enterprise.
The New York Stock Exchange was
notified that the bonds had been ille
gally disposed of and the company
would not recognize the title of the
holders.
This fact is said to have caused
trouble for President Baltes of the
Merchants 1 and Traders' Bank, New
York, whose resignation has just been
requested by the bank's directors.
Baltes is believed to have innocently
purchased the bonds of Bailey's orokeis.
Bailey wrote him in September inform
ing him how the bonds had been se
cured and asking him how many his
bank held. Bultes made no reply,
whereupon Bailey sent copies of his let
ter to Baltes to Director Pool and the
cashier of Baltes' bank. An investiga
tion followed and the request fen- Baltes'
resignation is supposed to be the re
sult.
Another result of the bond manipula
tion has been the complete reorganiza
tion of the Tacoma and Columbia Rail
way, the dropping of the two brokers
as directors und the election as di
rectors of several of the richest men in
the Northwest. President Bailey will
go to New York next week, where he
expects to recover nearly all of the
hypothecated bonds and sell them in a
legitimate manner. Work on the rail
road wUI then be resumed.
PRESIDENT BALTES
SUMMARILY REMOVED
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— The Mechanics'
and Traders' Bank, concerning which
there developed some adverse rumors
over night, mad^ its exchanges as usual
at the clearing-house to-day. Among
the bank presidents downtown the be
lief prevailed that the bank is perfectly
solvent and that it will go right on, al
though there might be some changes in
the management. At a directors' meet
ing late in the day President Baltes
was deposed and Vice President Lee
Schlinger made president.
The publication of the story that
President Baltes had been offering his
notes on the street caused a crowd to
collect In front of the bank before the
doors were opened to-day and when
business began depositors lined up to
the paying teller's window. All de
mands were promptly met.
Officials of the bank assured the
waiting depositors that the bank was
perfectly solvent and that 5100,000 in
cash had been received at the bank for
those who wished to withdraw. No
body, however, seemed to care to with
draw from the line. One German with
drew $8000, and from that figure down
to $100 was drawn out. Information as
to the amount paid out this morning
was refused.
At 11 o'clock this morning there were
about 300 men in line waiting to draw
money from the bank.
LOOKING FOR COAL MEN.
Officers Have Warrants for Chicago-
Virden Managers.
CHICAGO, Oct. 21.— Deputy Sheriff
Webster, from Virden, 111., is in Chicago
to-day with warrants for the arrest of
President T. C. Loucks and Secretary W.
C. York of the Chioago-Virden Coal Com
pany. The warrants charge manslaugh
ter. The Deputy Sheriff and two Chicago
detectives were unable to flnd Mr. Loucks
and Secretary York.
Boxing Contests in New York.
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— Matty Matthews
of Brooklyn to-night got the decision over
Tom Ryan of Philadelphia in the thir
teenth round of what was to have been a
twenty-five-round affair at catchweights.
Jack O'Donnell (Young Corbett) of San
Francisco and Henry Fisher of Brooklyn
met at catchweights for a ten-round bout.
Fisher got the decision on points when
the contest had gone the limit. Both men
fought gamely.
Cold Weather Checks Fever.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21. — The cold
weather In the South is checking the yel
low fovor epidemic, and the reports to the
Marine Hospital service authorities here
show a constantly lessening number of
cases.
FIFTEEN ROUNDS TO A DRAW.
Hot Fight Between Billy Gallagher
and Jim Trimble.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 21.— Billy Gal
lagher, formerly of Oakland, the Idol of
local sports, and Jim Trimble, formerly
of Salt Lake, but now claiming this city
for his home, fought fifteen rounds to a
draw here to-night. The decision of Ref
! eree John Brink was well received. The
fight took place before the Los Angeles
Athletic Ciub.
Gallagher did most of the leading; and
forced the fighting throughout, but In the
I fourteenth round he was all but out when
! time was called. The fifteenth round was
a terrific one, but both men were on their
1 feet and anxious when time was called.
WILL NEXT MEET
IN SAN FRANCISCO
Grand Encampment of
I. O. O. F. Adjourns.
FUNDS FOR GOLDEN JUBILEE
JEWEL FOB THE PAST GRAND
PATRIARCH.
Speeches and Jollification During
the Closing Hours of the Ses
sion — Homeward
Movement.
Special Dlwpatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 21.— The Grand En
campment, I. O. O. F., completed its la
bors this afternoon and adjourned. The I
last hour of the session was given over j
to speechmaklng and a sort of Jolli- i
fication. Remarks were made by Grand i
Patriarch Harris, Grand High Priest !
Foster, Grand Junior Warden Wever, j
Grand Scribe Barnes, Grand Treasurer j
Lemont and John Glasson, past grand \
representative.
Thlß afternoon many of the visitors
went to Alum Rock Park. The even-
Ing trains carried most of the encamp- j
ment members and Patriarchs" Mill- |
taut to their homes. Those that re
main over will visit Mount Hamilton
to-morrow.
The Grand Encampment appropri
ated $200 to assist in the golden jubilee
celebration of the order to be held in
California next year. The sum of $150
was also appropriated, to be used with
a like sum to be given by the grand
trustees, to purchase a life interest in
the Thermalito Home for Ernest Dun
ker, past grand sentinel.
The proposition to raise the member- j
ship fee from $5 to $10 was defeated. |
It was decided that the fact that the j
encampment has a member in the
Thermaiito Home does not relieve such
encampment from paying benefits to j
said member if sick, and such benefits
must be paid.
The following grand officers were
then installed: Grand patriarch, J. W.
Harris; grand high priest, Joseph Fos
ter; grand senior warden, P. D. Gum
moe; grand scribe, William H. Barnes;
grand treasurer, George W. Lemont;
grand junior warden, C. H. Wever;
grand representative, O. W. Erlewine;
grand trustees, H. S. Winn, F. A. Week
and W. S. Potter.
James Ashman of Los Angeles was
appointed grand marshal, M. M. Mas- j
ters of Woodland grand sentinel, and
H. Dow of San Francisco deputy grand
sentinel.
A past grand patriarch jewel was
presented to Past Grand Patriarch O.
W. Erlewine, the speech being made by
Past Grand Representative P. F. Gos
bey.
The next Grand Encampment will be
held at San Francisco.
DERAILED ON THE
NEW STEEL BRIDGE
NARROW ESCAPE OF A LOADED
OAKLAND LOCAL.
It Left the Rails on the New Steel
Trestle and Nearly Went Off
Into the Water.
OAKLAND, Oct. 21.— The new steel
bridge built by the Southern Pacific at the
foot of Harrison street and opened two
weeks ago, commenced its record of acci
dents to-night. A passenger train was de
railed and only by one foot was It saved
from going over the trestle. The conduc
tor landed in the water, but beyond a
fright to the passengers, no other per
sonal injuries were received. ,
The accident was due to the error or a
switchman. That the train was not
thrown into the estuary and many lives
lost is miraculous.
There are switches at the approaches
to either end of the Harrison-street
bridge and these are to be operated auto
matically. They are not yet in proper
shape and are therefore worked by hand.
F Underwood is the switchman at the
Aiameda end and J. Sullivan at the Oak
land side. According to Underwood, it is
a difficult matter for him to distinguish
the broad gauge from the narrow gauge
locals since both come from the same di
rection, and there is little difference in
time.
When the Aiameda local approached
the bridge both switchmen were at their
posts of duty, and Underwood, as the
train glided across the estuary, switched
ADVERTISEMENTS. .■.'-:" . -^^j '■■ ~
a a a'a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a s"a a a-a a a a a a s a a a 8 s.g; -
a , ■ ... _ , _ — ' ; , . . «•■-
a
88 N^-s^
88 AAlC'Tmi i' L *****^
ss *v. ,j__; -Tv
88 ,^V- zltjli* -.Aij^ir,V^)»M^fjm
! IlliiiSII !
88 kn v^n°» nl D in Justice" to .i yourself ;r knowing : that ' this continual waste »„ ,
58 n V^?fliltr m nKth will in time ruin your constitution, and. seeing the 28, . -
2* of ia l i « v.«ino- krromDlißhed by the Dr. Sanden Electric Belt, c,
'« vSu d mu^i 'helE^yoursflf Thousands of young men who. were on the road V
88 Tnrt^trurtlon by this drain, have been .restored to .- perfect n
88 hJ.h hv h?« means and so can you. Attend to it to-day. - • Don f be ' «, •
» health by this ■ remedy which may correct all . your past- mistakes and as- •, » -/
88 iu?e^-our future happiness. If you cannot call, send for Dr. Sanden's 88.
88 famous book ""hree Classes of Men," devoted to the weakness of men; .
■«' X the cause of early decay in young and middle-aged men. It shows « ;
5 now electricity, properly applied, will . restore this power and gives the 88 '
» proof.! Send for it to-day. It is free . Address • " ■
88 w-vn r% qp QANDEN, * *88
j* Icfllik.ttJ..».0 e*rn.rK«niy.B«Frtn.U».e *rn.rK«niy.8«Frtn.U». O NOT IN DRUG STORES. 88
' . Offl« houw, 8«. m. tO Q 8 ?- ( ,» i j ftl Sun 22 * a a^ e J9 J D r : Sanden's ilectrlo Belt
S:■L° t r * n6h « 55 J^i d An Sr 'jsa WalhttSton ■:!•■ never j sold In , drug «tow« •88 •
88 Dalla*, T«x., JBB Main »tr«!t: Butt*. Mont., \ ? ,;i«r^, aS .Un« agent,; «a, .';» • .
88: DfcllM.-Tex.v/iss.Maln, «trwt{ Butt*. . Mont., -• 'J;-. *t our cfnce. ;; - , : c-- - :WXgj':Xlo: W X -
gj':X10 North Main . »treet. ■'. . - ■ ■_■ .■.■;. ;. /'"■. .-'.., ..-./'.•'.- ".■■ ■■• --Ti.'WsT-
8888 88 8888 8888 8,8 88"8888388 88 83 88 88" 88 82 88 88J3 88 8888888 « 88 88,88; :
FLAMES DENUDE
THE MOUNTAINS
Charred Wastes }n AH
Directions. /
SAN GABRIEL VALLEY'S pfefHL
FLOODS IN WINTER, NO WATBB
IN SUMMER.
Army of Fire-Fighters Meets With
Some Success — Five Arrests at
Pasadena Cause a Sen
sation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA, Oct. 21.— The furious
forest fires have now been stayed from
licking up the Mount Lowe Alpine
Tavern. This was the fourth denuding
blaze that has swept over the moun
tains back of Pasadena this season.
Last night the flames lit ur> the heav
ens and made it light enough in this
city to read by. To-night the worst is
passed, and the fires are burning down
Eaton's canyon. All the sides of the
canyon have been denuded, and it must
spend Us fury by morning.
It was only by herculean efforts that
the beautiful Alpine Tavern among the
pines on Mount Lowe was saved this
morning. Two hundred men under the
lead of Manager Torrence and Raneer
Thomas fought It back and saved the
property as well as the vegetation
along the scenic railway. All day and
all night men chopped trees and cleared
paths with hoes and shovels to fight
back the fire fiend in his wild ravings.
When they would think they had it un
der control, some giant pine burned off
at the base would roll down another
canyon or ravine, distributing a thou
sand torches through the tinder-like
vegetation.
All declared that the fires must have
been from maliciousness. Five men are
under arrest and others are suspected.
The places where the fires started and
the manner of their starting indicate
that they could not have come from
campers or hunters. Sensational de
velopments are looked for in the ar
rests.
As the mountains have been thus de
nuded for many square miles, grave
fears are expressed regarding the water
supply of the whole San Gabriel Valley.
Floods may be expected this winter
and a water shortage next summer.
Many of the Seventh Regiment sol
diers were among the fire fighters and
did as much good as if they had gone to
Manila. To-night the men are return
ing tired, torn and brown from the
scorching. Forest Supervisor Newhall.
whose particular reservation this is, de
serves the denunciation which he is re
ceiving for his indifference and ineom
petency. Colonel B. F. Allen, who was
I transferred from here,- was worth a
1 hundred Newhalls as a fire fighter.
the train over to the new broadgauge
tracks that are to soon transform the
narrow-gauge system running to the Ala
meria mole.
Kngineer White- spor realized tha Hiis
take and brought his train to a standstill
In backing the train on to the bridge str
that it might be switched to the proper
track, the forward wheels of the last car
but one split the switch, crowding the
east side wheels over the rails, derailing
the car and forcing it to within a few
inches of the edge of the trestle. The last
coach, a smoker and baggage car, had al
ready been moved back on the bridge,
and in another instant car 1688 would
have toppled over into the waters of the
estviry, dragging the smoker and per
haps other coaches with it. The train
was loaded with passengers at the time,
as the traffic of the early evening trains
is especially heavy on account of the re
turn of many laborers to their homes In
the Encinal city, and the loss of life, if
any, would therefore have been great.
A wrecking train and crew was imme
diately dispatched to the scene of the
accident, arriving about an hour after the
occurrence and coming by way of East
Oakland, Fruitvale and Alameda. After
three solid hours of hard work the de
railed train was returned to its tracks.
During the interim all traffic was ob
structed and the passengers were com
pelled to make their way to the Alameda
electric cars over a narrow cinder path
way the best they knew how. In step
ping off the train Conductor Alex Bu
chanan, who was in charge and whose
misfortune it is to have experienced more
close calls and narrow escapes than any
one on the local runs, fell into the estu
ary The water was not as deep as was
the mud, and the conductor went in up
to his neck and was extricated with con
siderable difficulty.
By 11 o'clock both broad and narrow
gauge trains were again running.
Young man, you can realise that gj
a waste of strength which occurs ~
frequently must be straining the vi. »
Si power from your body. It Is 8
slowly but surely mining your fu- gj
tire life, and it is a danger that you «
should overcome. This trouble, SS .
which comes for a few weeks at • . gg
lime and then seems to stop for ~;
a while, is retting worse with each SS
appearance; its weakening effects 55
are more serious and your nervous j, -
■ystem is slowly giving way . under «
It Surely you must see that if It Is S5
not checked your whole nervous c..
and physical constitution must be •?.
ruined by it. Cure it at once if you [
want to preserve your future health. *°
Dr. Sanden's i
Electric Belt, s
This wonderful invention cures all
waste of power by a simple vltalis- • w *
i*,» n f th» weakened nerves. As they mENGLISH YELLOW
JOURNALISM IS
BEARING FRUIT
Relations Between Great Britain
ar)d prance Becoming Very
Strained.
Press of Paris Reflects the Sentiment of tr;e
People in Intimating Tfyat tf)e French
Refuse to Be Bluffed.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B,
by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS. Oct 21.— English yellow jour
nalism is beginning to bear fruit here.
There [a no question that the relations
md and France are be
ng very strained. This is simply
due to the blustering attitude of the
London papers over the Fashoda ques
tion.
far the French press has been very
calm. Some little restiveness, however,
n to show itself a few days ago.
mps to-nis;ht has bitter comments
h's cartoon, which shows
France as an organ-grinder with a mon
key on his barrel-organ, which is la
la." John Bull is saying,
away." The organ-grinder replies.
•What you give me?" Whereupon
John says: "Nothing. But what will I
give you if you don't 0 " This is not cal
i promote a pleasant under
etanding.
Last night the Liberte asked if Eng
land really wished to provoke war. To
night it dwells upon Sir Michael Hicks
h's speech and says: "We •
• consent to recall
chand, which would be purely and sim
ply humiliation for th-> Fn
which he plan; I
ers from his G at. If
England persists in maintaining- her
indefensible demand we are as ready
to run the risks of refusal as sh<
Bupport the consequences of the atti
tude she has taken."
It would be it mistake to look upon
this as bluster. The Liberte only re
♦'.■•• ts the firm I .-ion of the na
tion. The : peace, but not
at any price. The Liberte's closing re
nark is typical f this sentiment. "We
still believe." it says, "that war be
tween England would be j
a calamity for both nations, which have i
po many reasons for wishing to live in
harmony. Also, for the sake of civili
zation, we have been and are ready to
make all ] '>sible sacrifices to maintain
friendly relations with England, but j
our mild dispositions and peaceful sen
timents have limits. They are trying
them too severely by their exactions
and, above all, by their threats."
FRANCE ORGANIZING
COAST DEFENSES
PARIS, Oct. 21.— The Temps this
evening publishes a dispatch from
Nantes saying that the fourth battalion
of the infantry regiment comprising
Twenty-first Division, with headquar
ters at Nantes, have completed their
■wa • equipment. Each man, it is add
ed, has r- L 120 rounds of ammuni
tion and his camp outfit and the offi
cers of all the four regiments of a di
vision have been supplied with revol
ver cartridges. The division is now
i march when ordered,
and it is believed these troops are in
tend.- : : : : s-s. The de
fense of St. N'azaire is also being or
gan! 7.
MARCHAND'S REPORT
IGNORES KITCHENER
PARIS, Oct. 21. — Captain Baratier of
Major Marchand's expedition, on hia
arrival at Cairo with his papers for the
French Government, said the mission
had not lost an officer or a soldier. He
added that the health of all the mem
bers of the party was very good and
that revlctualing on the march was
easy.
Major Marchand's report, telegraphed
from Cairo during the night, does not
tion the arrival at Fashoda of Gen
eral Kitchener, and only gives an ac
• of the incidents of the expedition,
v.ith an elaborate description of the
followed, the places occupied, th~
i:. .inner of occupation, the raising of
the flag, the force left at each point
and the treaties of submission conclud
ed with the tribes, in addition to
: ing to an encounter with the Der
vishes.
It is believed in certain quarters that
Captain Baratier Is the bearer of a
verbal report, which the French au
thorities were not willing to trust upon
the British telegraph lines.
The report only goes as far as the
beginning of September, and says that
on August 20 the supplies of the party
■were abundant. The reason for the
nmission of any mention of the arrival
:it-ral Kitchener at Fashoda is said
t i be the fact that the report of Major
Marchand waa not ready when Captain
IJ.trati^r left Fashoda. When the cap
tain started from that place he did
not think, he would go beyond Khar
toum.
Major Marchand, however, deemed it
impracticable to send the finished por
tion of the report, intending to dispatch
the remainder of it as soon as Captain
Haratier returned. But the captain, on
arriving .'it Omdurman, found there in
tions flline him to go on to Cairo,
from which place he will proceed to
France.
CELEBRATION OF THE
BATTLE OF TRAFALGAR
I.' >NDON, Oct. 21. ptional in
terest was taken to-di. • the celebra
tion of the anniversar; the battle of
Trafalgar, which < on October
21, 1806. when the British fleet, under
Admirn! Nelson, gained :\ brilliant vic
tory over the fleets of France am!
Spain, commanded by Admiral Vllle
neuve.
The cause of this increased outburst
of patriotism here in the dispute with
France over the Fashoda question,
which, in some quartr-rs, is looked upon
as a matter that may possibly bring
about a war between the two countries
BRITISH ADMIRALTY'S
SIGNIFICANT ORDERS
LONDON, Oct. 21.— A dispatch to the
Exchange Telegraph Company from
Portsmouth, saye the British Admiralty
! has issued orders that no dockyard re
.pairs are to be commenced upon ships
of the reserve squadrons unless they
can be completed within forty-eight
hours.
ENGLAND WILL NOT
BROOK UNDUE DELAY
LONDON. O<n. 21.— Government cir
cles here are apparently satisfied that
the Fashoda Question will not lead to
war. At the same time the determina
tion is reiterated not to budge from the
position which hiis been taken up, no
matter what the outcome may be.
It is said that the Government has
also determined not to brook unneces
sary I in the event of France
declining to evacuate Fashoda the Mar
■ : party will be removed from that
although it is not expected that
ssary to go to such ex
■
HOME RULERS*CHEER
FOR MAJOR MARCHAND
DUBLIN, Oct. 21.— William Red
mond, Parnellite member of Parlia
ment for East ("hire, addressing a
home rule meeting here this evening,
called for cheers for Major Marchand,
which were given with great hearti-
Mr. Redmond said: "The sym
pathies of Irishmen are with France."
FRENCHMEN INFLAMED
AND MORE DEFIANT
PARIS, <>. t. 22. — A remarkable
change has come over French opinion
on the Fashoda Question during the
past forty-eight hours. The attitude of
public is more inflam.-d and more
defiant. This is partly due to the tone
of the British press, but more to the
threatening spirit of the British Chan
of the Exchequer, Sir Michael
Hicks-Beach, which the Autorite calls
"a provocation that is almost a threat
of war."
The Municipal Council of Paris
is abused on all sides for ex
horting the Government to avert
w.ir. In Government circles the
disposition seems to. be to re
sist the Britif»h demands. It in re
ported that the policy of France, as
definitely stated to Great Britain, in
cludes thf retention of Fashoda. Ru
mors that the Russian Foreign Min
ister, Count Muravieff, has assured M.
del Casse, the French Fortign Minis
ter, of Russia's support in the contro
versy, tend to stiffen the backs of th>
higher officials, although these continue
to maintain a conciliatory tone and de
clare that France Is prepared to
amiability to the utmost limits c •
ent with her rights and dignity.
INSANITY AND DEATH
CAUSED BY FICKLENESS
North Dakota Volunteer Followed
From Cuba by a Sweetheart,
Who Goes Mad, and Then
He Is Found Dead.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 21.— A special to the
Republic from Deadwood, S. D., says: Al
bert -Martin, a rancher living near the
Cheyenne River in Zlebeck County, en
listed as a volunteer at the beginning: of
the war and fought at the battle of El
Caney. After the battle he met Ramona
Perez, the daughter of an officer of Gar
cia's command, and they beep me sweet
hearts. Soon afterward he was attacked
by fever and sent horn* on sick leave. He
was engaged before his departure for the
war to the daughter of a neighboring
lanchman and arranged to be married
while home on his leave of absence.
Meanwhile the Cuban girl had learned
of his illness and that he had gome home,
and she resolved to follow and nurse him.
Dressing In her brother's clothes she
i crossed to Jamaica and secreted herself
on a fruit steamer bound for New Or
leans. Reaching there she tramped and
beat her way to Hermosa. S. D. When
she arrived she learned of her lover's ap
proaching marriage and the shock drove
her insane. At the same time the Ameri
can girl learned of her lover's flirtation
and broke off the engagement. Martin
began drinking heavily and disappeared.
A few days ago his body was found float-
Ing in th- Cheyenne River. Whether he
fell in while intoxicated or committed
suicide Is a matter of conjecture.
SECRETARY GAGE UPHELD.
Had a Right to Use His Discretion in
the Award of Bonds.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21.— Judge Cox, :
in the District Supreme Court, to-day de- '
cided the ens*s of George B. Wlghtman !
and of William 11. Wharton against Sec- !
rotary Gage in favor of th<? Secretary of
the Treasury. One suit sought an injunc- I
tlon and the othK-r a mandamus, the basis !
of complaint in each being the rejection
by the Secretary of the Treasury of bids
submitted for the recent war loan bond i
Ip«uc by the complainants. Secretary j
Gage refected the bids, believing thai the
bidders really represented certain Instltu- !
tlons.
Judge Cox to-day held that, under the
act of Congress, the Secretary of the
Treasury had discretion In the award
of the bonds, and that the intent ot
Congress was that they should ro to Indi
viduals, to the exclusion of banks and
corporations.
THE POPE CALLS A HALT.
All Attacks Upon American Catholics
Must Cease.
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— A dispatch to
the World from Rome says:
The Pope has given orders, the Popolo
Romano announces, that all attacks on
American Catholics shall cease and all
complaints against the doctrines of Father
Hecker shall be withdrawn.
The report that the Pope has placed
Father Hecker's book on the Index Ex
purgatorius Is denied.
EXTENDING COAST DEFENSES.
Gun and Mortar Batteries for Port
Orchard Naval Station.
SEATTLE, Oct. 21.— The Government
has decided to erect gun and mortar bat
teries for the protection of the Port Or
chard naval station, contiguous to Seat
tle. Proceedings to condemn 380 acres of
land for this purpose were commenced to
day in the Federal Court under instruc
tions from the Department of Justice at
Washington.
Judge Hanford will bear the case on
December 15.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1898.
CAPTAIN BARATIER, THE SECOND IN COMMAND OFTHE MARCHAND EXPEDITION
WHO IS NOW EN ROUTE TO PARIS WITH DISPATCHES FROM HIS CHIEF.
REPORTED LOSS
OF A STEAMER
The Abbie Rowe Thought
to Have Sunk.
ELEVEN PERSONS ABOARD
UNSUCCESSFUL SEARCH MADE
FOR THE VESSEL.
It Is Supposed the Passengers Es
caped, for Indians Tell of a
Party Camped or tb>»
Beach.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. Oct. 21.— Tappan Adney,
a correspondent of Harpt-r's Weekly,
i\h.' arrived here Wednesday from St.
Michael on the steamer Roanoke, brings
the news of the probable loss of the
small ateamer Abbie Rowe in Norton
Sound.
The steamer had on board eleven per
sons composing the Abbie Rowe Dartv
of Boston. The party left St. Michael
September 11 for t'hingik Mission, lo
cated on Golofrim Bay, about eighty
five miles north of St. Michael. Barrine
accident they should have reached their
destination in three or four days.
Dr. Brigham and wife, Mrs.' Rowe,
Mi^s Blame and another lady, members
of the party, considered the vessel in
capable of weathering a severe storm
and took pa?sar on a schooner which
left a few days before the steamer for
Chinglk Mission, where they were to
meet the remainder of the party. After
vainly waiting BOrne time Captain Wil
liam S. Taylor, late engineer of the re,
enue cutter Bear, and M. P. Melsins:.
formerly of Pan Francisco, began a
search for the missing steamer in the
yacht Edith. They followed the coast
to St. Michael without success.
Just before the Roanoke left St. Ml- <
chael, Adney says, a party arrived from
the north with a story to the effect
that the Indians had reported a small i
steamer wrecked, stating that they s'\v
a small crowd of men on the beach '
around a fire. It was generally believed !
that this must have been the party
fic-m the Abble Rowe.
Adney also reported that while
searching for the missing vessel Cap
tain Taylor and Melsing picked up a
man In an open boat several miles at
! sea. The man had been without fond
i or water for several days and was Ster
! ling Martin of Chicago, who was left
: adrift on a barge which was being 1
j towed from St. Michael to Golofrim
j Bay by the steamer Fortune Hunter
i with a Chicago party on board. The
! Fortune Hunter was caught in a storm
i and was forced to cut loose the barge.
! Several days afterward the Fortune
Hunter was picked up by the steamer
Tillamook in a water-logged condition.
An unsuccessful search was made for
Martin. After being cut loose from the
Fortune Hunter the barge foundered
and Martin put to sea in a small boat.
ST. JAMES HOTEL AT
SAN JOSE TO BE SOLD
James Campbell, the Honolulu Capi
talist, Negotiating for the
Property.
BAN JOSE, Oct. 21.— The sale of the
St. James Hotel to James Campbell, the
Honolulu capitalist, is now being ar
ranged, and transfer of the property will
be made in about a month. At present
Campbell is at the islands, but will return
sh'-rtly, when the Bale will be consum
mated This report was confirmed at tno
hotel this evening. The price will not be
made public at present.
The hotel Is now the property of the
regents of the University of ( alifornia,
who purchased It at public sale a few
months ago to satisfy a $75,f>00 mortgage
given to secure a loan from the Lick trust
Campbell and his family have spent
their summers here for several years past,
and it is said they will make their home
here in the future. The purchase of the
hotel Is believed to be but th<- llrst of a
number of investments this capitalist will
make in San Jose.
MILLIONS OF ACRES OPEN.
Vast Amount of Land That Remains
Unappropriated.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21.— A statement
prepared at the General Land Office
shows that at the present time there are
579,368.274 acres of unappropriated and un
reserved public land in the United States,
exclusive of that in Alaska. Of this area
54G.549,65r> acres, or more than 94 per cent,
are In the Fo-oalled desert land States
and Territories. Of the vacant lands in
these States and Territories it is esti
mat.-ii that 332.17fi.000 acres are of a char
acter that may be denominated as "des
ert" under the law providing for the dis
posal of such lands.
SUDDEN DEATH AT SAUSALITO.
Charles Dexter, a Well-Known Resi-
dent, Succumbs to Heart Disease.
BATSALITO, Oct. 21.— Charles Dexter.
a well known resident of this town, ex
pired suddenly at 8 o'clock last evening of
heart disease. For fifteen years he lived
at Honolulu and was n warm personal
friend of ex-Queen Lllluokalanl, who fre
quently consulted with him on matters of
state. Dexter was 74 years of aga
OBSTACLES IN
WAY OF CABLE
Line to Honolulu Said to
Be Impossible.
GLOOMY REPORT IS MADE
SOUNDINGS SHOW THE OCEAN IS
VERY DEEP.
However, Military Electricians oJ
High Standing Think a Line
to Hawaii Could Be
Operated.
Social Dlfpatch to The Call.
NEW T< IRK, Oct 21.— A special to
the Post from Washington says: While
at Honolulu the American Commission
ers appointed to arrange the details of
annexation made gome inquiry as to
the cost and practicability of a cable
connecting the islands with the United
States. Tht-y bring a rather gloomy re
port. Baying there is an almost fatal
obstacle in the way of such a cable.
Soundings have been taken showing
a depth of more than six miles In the
Pacific Ocean, along the track of the
Kuro Slwo or Japanese current, which
corresponds to the gulf stream in the
Atlantic <H->-an, but is much wider.
From edge to edge they say it is hun
dreds of miles In width and between
the United States and Hawaii it ap
pears either to have cut a channel to
an enormous depth or else to have
sought a naturul aby.ss in the earth's
crust through. which to How. They say
that cable-layers fear lest it may be
impossible to anchor cables across this
vast water-swept space because the
force of the current may part the
metal. Cables have been successfully
laid in water as deep as this in the
Indian Ocean, but there was nothing
corresponding to the Japanese current
to contend with.
Military electricians of high standing
and acquainted with all the details of
cable-laying do not agree with this re
port. They assert that no particular
difficulty is likely to he experienced in
laying a cable between California and
Hawaii, but that very serious difficulty
might be found in extending the line
from Hawaii to Hongkong. As t >
"anchoring" the cable, they say that
nothing is done in that line beyond
weighting with heavy armor, which Is
expected to carry it to the bottom,
where it will lie in place of itself. Al
lowance is made for inequalities of the
ocean's floor by making the cable about
20 per cent longer than the route It
follows as measured on the surface.
This margin f<>r slack is the result of
averaging experiences with various
submarine cables.
LILLIAN RUSSELL FREE
OF MATRIMONIAL TIES
John Chatterton, Whose Stage Name
Is Perugini, Receives a Decree
of Divorce.
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— Lillian Russell
is again free from matrimonial ties.
Stgnor Perugini, better known as John
Chatterton, whose wife she had been
6ince January 21, 1894, to-day received
a decree of divorce In the Chancery
Court in Jersey City.
Four months after their marriage
Miss Russell rushed into print with
charges of cruelty, alleging that Fhe
had been beaten by her husband in a
hotel in Philadelphia. These allega
tions were denied by Signor Perugini,
who later brought suit for divorce La
New Jersey on the ground of desertion.
Miss Russell denied the charge, and
filed a cross bill. The petition was
heard by Washington R Williams, ad
visory master, in Jersey City last
month. Among the reasons for their
separation which Signor Perugini gave
wa? that his wife often sat up until
6 o'clock in the morning to play poker.
DREADFUL DEED OF
AN INSANE WOMAN
Strangles Her Three Children Be
cause She Bid Not Want
Them "To Grow Up
Wicked."
TORONTO, Oct. 21.— A dreadful tragedy
was enacted in the east end of the city
to-night, when Kliza Burrlll, wife of a
well-to-do mechanic, became demented
an<l strangled her three children— Ethel,
aged 8, Stanley, aged 3, and Harold, aged
11 years. The husband of the woman
found all of them dead when he came
home from work to-night. The demented
woman gave as a reason for her terrible
deed that she did not want them to grow
up wicked. •
TWO THOUSAND STRIKE.
Pennsylvania Coal Miners Prepare
for a Long Siege.
PITTBBURG, Pa., Oct. 21.— Two thou
sand coal miners in the fourth and fifth
pools on the Monongahela River struck
to-day for the enforcement of the Chicago
agreement. The strikers are preparing
for a long siege and are establishing
camps near the mines to prevent non
union minors from working. <
WILLING TO
GIVE UP THE
PHILIPPINES
But Spain Hopes for
Compensation.
TIME, HOWEVER, IS WASTED
UNCLE SAM WILL NOT PAY FOB
CONQUERED TERRITORY.
So the American Commissioners Will
Stand By Their Instructions
Not to Agree to Spend
One Cent.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: Appreciating that the power
of the rebels in the Philippines has in
creased to such an extent that Spain
will not be able to reduce them to sub
jection without a large expenditure of
life and money, public opinion in Spain
Is willing to Bee them pass into the con
trol of the United States if adequate
compensation is obtained.
The Sagasta government, according
to information which has reached here,
is proceeding in accordance with this
Idea and when the subject of control,
disposition and government of the Phil
ippines comes before the Paris Peace
Commission it is expected that strenu
ous efforts wil! be made to obtain from
the United States some equivalent for
the territory which this Government
may demand.
In some well-informed quarters here
the opinion prevails that the Spanish
Commissioners will continiie as long as
they dare to oppose the acquisition of
any portion of the Philippines by the
United States, and when they iind that
the American Commissioners are firm
in their demand will suggest the trans
fer of territory on condition that the
United States shall assume a portion
of the Cuban debt.
It can be stated on authority, how
ever, that Spain will lose time by en
deavoring to obtain a money consid
eration from the United States in ex
change for territory. The American
Commissioners have instructions not to
agree to pay Spain a cent for any ter
ritory nor to assume any portion of the
Cuban or other debts which the Span
ish Government ha? contracted and for
which Cuba and the Philippines were
surety. Officials say it would be ridi
culous for the United States to pay a
conquered nation for agreeing to de
mands which as conqueror It has a
right to make and secure compliance
with.
SPANIARDS WASTE
TIME IN ARGUMENT
PARIS, Oct. 21.— The joint session of
the Peace Commission to-day lasted
from 2 p. m. to 4:30 p. m. During this
time the Commissioners discussed the
second series of written arguments put
forward by the Spaniards for the Dur
pose of prevailing upon the American
Commissioners to assume the Cuban
debt. No definite (.inclusion was reach
ed, and the Commissioners adjourned
until Monday, when the Cuban Ques
tion will again be discussed. It is Droli
able that this feature of the negotia
tions will be disposed of next week.
Thus far there have been seven iolnt
s iuions, four of which have been de
voted to the discussion of the first ar
ticle of the protocol. In this manner
two weeks have passed and no result
has been reached. The American Com
missioners have listened to all the ar
guments of the Spaniards, but they
have not changed the position which
they first assumed in refusing to take
over the Cuban debt.
SAGASTA LOSES A
FAITHFUL COUNSELOR
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1888, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MADRID, Oct. 21.— Senor Moret has
become detached from Senor Sagasta,
whose faithful counselor he has been
fn the peace negotiations. To-day it
was ostentatiously announced that
Senor Moret had left Madrid f.>r his
country place. The cause of his de
parture is political Jealousies.
For some time the press has daily
commented upon the fact that Senor
Sagasta received communications from
Sonor Montero Rios, and before he call
ed other Ministers he invariably re
ceived a visit from Senor Moret.
The latest advices from Paris repre
sent the discussions of the Commis
sioners as more cordial than in the first
days. To-day there is no lonerer talk
here of the Cuban debt as belonging to
Spain, but the discussion is over the
manner in which the United States will
guarantee it.
EVACUATION DELAYED
BEYOND DATE FIXED
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21.— 1t is now
certain that the complete evacuation of
Cuba will bo delayed beyond the period
originally fixed by the administration.
This follows entirely without reference
to anything that has occurred in Paris
before the Peace Commission. The
War Department has about satisfied
itself that the task imposed upon the
Spanish authorities, namely, the re
moval and transportation to a great
distance by sea of about 120,000 sol
diers, sick and well, with their accou
terments, is beyond the ability of the
Spaniards.
Delay in the evacuation of Cuba will
cause a delay in the relinquishment of
sovereignty by the Spaniards over the
entire island, which was set for De
cember 1. It is hardly deemed prudent
to undertake to assume charge of the
municipal affairs of Havana so long as
the city contains a strong garrison of
Spanish troops, and it la felt that law
and order could be better maintained
in such centers by allowing them to re
main under Spanish jurisdiction until
they are evacuated by the troops and
reocoupied by United States troops. It
is not to be understood from this that
the American Military Commissioners
are in any sense abating the pressure
they have brought to bear upon the
Spanish Military Commission to secure
the evacuation of the island and the
relinquishment of Spanish sovereignty.
On the contrary, they have redoubled
their efforts to secure these objects, but
are not disposed to insist upon the per
formance of impossible tasks, and their
demands will be largely shaped by their
knowledge that the Spaniards art act
ing in perfectly good faith in their ef
forts to carry out the terms of the pro
tocol.
The fao-simile >t£ y/tt^UU 0 * *• On ever wrapper
signature of iAa&Z+tcSZlbA of CASTOUIA.
TREATED By
A CHRISTIAN
SCIENTIST
Frederic Dismissed
the Doctors.
TOOK "ABSENT TREATMENT"
PHYSICIANS SAY THEY COULD
HAVE SAVED HIS LIFE.
Relatives and Attaches of the De
ceased Author's Household Give
Sensational Testimony Be
fore the Coroner.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Oct. 21.— The inquest over
the remains of Harold Frederic, the
newspaper correspondent and author,
who died suddenly on Wednesday
morning at Henley of heart disease,
was adjourned to-day until Wednesday
next.
The evidence presented was some
what sensational. Mr. Frederic's
daughter Ruth said her father did not
believe in doctors. She added that it
was with his consent, but under the
; influence of others, that Mrs. Mills, a
! Christian scientist, was summoned to
I attend him.
Kate Lyon, a member of Frederic's
; household, testified that the deceased
had asked her to call in Mrs. Mills, and
: that the latter came to the house and
; expounded the system followed by the
Christian scientists. On the same day
j Mr. Frederic dismissed the doctors who
had been in attendance on him. Most
of Mrs. Mills' treatment, continued the
witness, was what was known as '^b
; sent treatment."
At the request of fri»nds of the sick
I man the doctors were again summoned,
! but the deceased informed them that
when they previously attended him he
had not followed their directions.
John Stokes, Mr. Frederic's amenu
ensis, testified that he had informed
Kate Lyon that she might be charged
with manslaughter if Mr. Frederic
should die without receiving medical
I treatment.
Drs. Brown and Freybergrer, the phy
sicians who had attended Mr. Frederic,
said the deceased had suffered from
1 rheumatic fever, and that he was para
| lyzed on one side. His death, they as
i serted, was due to syncope. Both de
! clared their belief that with proper
I treatment the patient would have re
■ covered.
The inquest was adjourned until
! Wednesday, when it is expected Mrs.
i Mills will be examined.
ABUSES AT THE
CAMP HOSPITALS
Witnesses Before the
War Investigators.
SUPPLIES ARE DELAYED
TROUBLE IN GETTING REQUISI
TIONS FILLED AT ATLANTA.
Chaplain Nave Tells of Intoxication
Among Surgeons and the
Theft of Articles From
Patients.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
.ATLANTA, Oct. 21.— The War Inves
tigation Commissioners examined only
two witnesses here. They were Major
Blair B. Taylor, surgeon in charge of
the general military hospital here, and
Rev. Orville J. Nave, chaplain of that
institution.
Major Taylor had, in the beginning of
the camp's history, considerable dim- j
culty in getting requisitions filled, al- j
though he had no difficulty in getting
them approved by the authorities at
Washington. One requisition made
on the 16th of May and another on the
4th of June had not been entirely filled i
until very recently. These requisitions j
had been made upon the New York
supply depot, while all that were made
on the St. Louis department had been j
promptly filled. One hundred and six- j
teen rots ordered in the beginning of j
the season had only arrived a day or |
two since. And they were not now ■
needed.
Rev. Orville J. Nave, post chaplain
at Fort McPherson, expressed the opin- |
ion that In the conduct of military hos
pitals generally there was too little j
care of the clothes and other property
Of patients. The custom is to put a j
sick man's clothing under his pillow
when he enters a hospital, and Mr.
Nave said that the man often never j
again sees either his clothing or the \
articles that may be left in the :
pockets.
In a word, the thieving which has ,
been going on and the petty specula- '
tlons which have been practiced upon
BOldiers, he said, oftentimes by their
comrades, have been some of the sad
dest features of the war.
While the bodies of patients were i
carefully guarded, their property was [
not; yet these articles were often very j
sacred to the patient in case of his re- j
covery and to his friends and relatives
in case of his death.
Replying to a question from Oeneral
Wilson. Chaplain Nave said he had
seen some of the surgeons at the hop- j
pital under the Influence of liquor, bui
not to a sufficient extent t.> interfere
with the proper performance of their
CONGRESSMAN HULL'S
SIGNIFICANT SPEECH
At a Campflre He Declares We Must
Keep the Philippines and In
crease Standing Army.
DES MOINES, la.. Oct. 21.—Congress
man Hull, chairman of the national House
Committee on Military Affairs, said in a
campflre speech here to-night: "We must
keep the Philippines for the advantage of
commerce. Our standing army must be
Increased to 100.000 men, 40.0TK) for Cuba,
25 000 for the Philippines, 5000 for Porto
Rico and the remainder for coast de
fense."
Died of Her Wounds.
Mrs. Anna Keenan died at the German
Hospital yesterday morning at 6 o'clock
from the wounds inflicted by her husband,
who is popularly known as Patsy Hogan.
An examination' by Autopsy Surgeon Gal
lasher showed that the bullet passed
through the left lung, cut the heart super
ficially and passed on backward, breaking
the spine. The five children of the dead
woman will be cared for by the Sisters nf
the Holy Family on Fillmorc Street The
oldest daughter, who is about 14 years
old, has secured employment with Mrs.
McGrath at -111 Lott stri
Our Treatment of Spanish Captives.
Never before in history was there a case
where a defeated and captive enemy received
such generous treatment as we gave the Span
iards. Other nations are astonished. Equally
astonishing erg the cures brought about by Hos
tetter'? Stomach Bitters Never before in his
tory has there been so successful a medicine
for, the weak, debilitated and nervous, for
"stomach and liver disorders like dyspepsia. In
digestion, biliousness and constipation. All na
tions have benefited by It, and all praise it.
SCHGENFELD'S
SHIRT DEPOT.
Men's & Boys 1 Clothing
MARKET ST., OPP. SEVENTH.
DOE BIG STORE OVERCROWDED WITH BARGAINS,
Okoioett lines. Fin* pare wool KEN'S UIfDES-
WEAR »t 75c «»eh, worth twice tt»t.
Men's celebrated HYOEIA WOOL UNDERWEAR,
Shirts (doable front and b&ck). Drawers (dooblt
•e&ted) »t $1.00 each ; health preservers.
'IN OUR CLOTHING DEPARTMENT WB
OFFER WORLD BEATERS.
JUST BEE «nr $5.95 MEN'S SUITS and $5.50
MEN'S OVXBCOATS, sow on display In oar show
windows.
XOTHERB, come to us for your BOYS' CLOTHIN3
if money-saving is an object to yon.
SPECIAL— Fine lines of TESTEE SUITS at $1 39
•nd $1.85 per suit
Tor your 810 BOYS, age 13-19, w« k*vt clef an|
Baits as low as $3.05 per suit.
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
THE INAUGURATION of the New Building
"Will Take Place
SATURDAY - - Oct. 22,
At 2 P. M.
The Public 13 Cordially Invited.
Take Ellis or Halght street cars and transfer
at Masonic avenue for Affiliated Colleges
Buildings, south of Golden Gate Park.
14 and 16
Kearny Street,
Formerly 427 Kearny.
SPECIALISTS FOR men.
-—^-■w,—-^ ' 'W« cure weakness
— . «^^~ :=^*^T^jV and diseases of Men,
Including Nervous
gj^SlH?^^"*^**^ cfe Debility, Contagious
JKjJjfrjf Blood Poison and
!£ssfv <g»A contracted ailments,
Strawy quickly and perman-
_^*^W^^!^sel ently. Largest prac-
fmXj *^*^Y^fc&y\ tlce anJ best equip-
I /tS- 1?^ ' cii mrdical institu-
l\ »vt« T^& x^i tion oa tb * Paciflo
|llPffija JsM§i 17 Year a
J^^^^^^j^pM Private book and
'^^V^^^^^^^^W- office or b y mall. All
sJgg|\ lt&&M£<&J\% letters sacredly con-
DR. MEYERS CO.,
731 Market St., S. F.
See San Francisco
as the birds see it.
Full course French din-
ner, $i; lunch, 7^c
Spreckels Rotlsserie, loth Floor, Call building.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
«ti r» Full Set of Teeth
Ntvw V [utAjf. extracting free $s>soup
*^^&t>&G£>£BZ' Gold Crowns 22k $350 up
■■*#• J\jf-Z Fillings - - - 25Cts. up
■^ J^— -^SSaPt^^ Open Evenings &
&^J^'^^ssTs VAN vroom
AMVN^ Electro Dental Parlors
*&& lf^\ Sixth and Market .
w Dr. G W. Klels.r, Prep.
Use y^^i and
Facial Soap / Facial Cream.
Woodbury's Facial Soap, Facial Cream and
: Facial and Tooth Powder will be found effica-
j clous for preventing Wrinkles, Freckles or
i chapping, cleansing and preserving the teeth. !
rCblchester's English Diamond Brand,
ENNYROYAL PILLS
~<jS~V Original and Only Genuine. A,
> // ft-tvS safe, alwaji raliable. ladies ask >K\
>r,JSIUj^ Drugglrt for Chichtsttr s English Dia-^fSlm
4y^f» 9 T«trv©i m: " ! ' i Sran J 1° Kod aad lioU rcciailicYVS'
—^VSOT I***"'1 ***"' «*»l«i »'tk blue ribbon. Take Vy
"TH <*^ 5S v Joo othi-r. Refute dangerous rubstitw v
I / *™ fn tjons tiid imitations. At Dro^i;is!«, or»er.d4«.
I 4r» JJf in itampi for particulars, testimoolalj »nl
V©* 19 " Relief for I.a>lle«." in Utter, by rrt an»
■X IT MelL 1 0,000 Testimonial!, Mane Paper.
> -— "rChtohe-tert hcxnlcalCo.,Mnrll»«n
t*U bj all Druftglst*. t »*> • »» J... VJC
ff?T*\ ADiE S DO KNOW
£ rU-^ OR. FELIX BRUN'S
*yf a * Steel § Pennyroyal Treatment
I 3 is the original and only FRENCH,
I L safe and reliable cure on the mar«
y *^rket. Price. $1.00; sent by mail,
v \ Genuine sold only by
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sole Agents.
214 Kearny st., San Francisco.
g\ visit 08. JORDAN'S Great
|0& Museum of Anatomy
IPfl^U 2052 5T. tet. 6th l 7th, E. F. M.
fl I 9 Ibe Largest of Its kind in Ui« World. .
iMll DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
»U^W ftk. Con.ulta'.ton ttf. Write fbr »««k
\\ I f^ PhHosophy^off^ Marriage.
■ UAILCO Hit.
&^^^fr RUPTURE,
\^\X7-^j^M USE NO MORE I ROM
■■■Kk^BF Hoops or Steel Spring*.
•- 3 5^BHHH^5^ Rupture retained with eass
«^^'*"7>si*^.*<. an comfort, and thousands radl-
■ flfi* rally CURED by DR. PIERCE 1
% /Ml X Magnetic Elastic Truss. (C7"CaU at
y^*£j' • of flee or write for New Pamphlet No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
«20 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel. San Francl«ca
DR.MQNDLTY.
T»HIS WELL-KNOWN AND HELI ABLE OLD
i. Specialist .Nervous, and Blood i)is-
onses of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of .Men, free. Over -Oy 'in' experience.
Patten ta cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Iloursa
to3daily;6:3otoB:3oev'gs. Sundays, lo to 12. Consul*
tation free aud sacredly confidential. Call.oraddresa
J>r. P. ROSCOE 3IeXUI/TY,
t 20^ K-earuy »t., San Francisco, Cal.
• : *\
56
SATURDAY OCTOBER 22. 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY! Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding town* ;
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month ;
6E cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
f<EW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rife** Houso
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay.
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock- I
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh}
street, open until 9 o'clock 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock'
AMUbiIMtNTa
Baldwin— "Love In Harness."
C lumbla— "By the Sad Sea Waves."
Alcazar— "The Wife."
Morosco's — "Straight From the Heart."
Tivcll— "The Circus Queen."
Orrheum— Vaudeville.
New Comedy Theater— "Where's Matilda?"
The Chutes-Lillian Stewart, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olyrcpia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Coursing— ln^leside Coursing Park.
Odd Fellows' Hall— Masquerade ball.
Sherman, Clay Hall — Concert this afternoon.
Glen Park— The Mission Zoo. Sunday. October 23.
Metropolitan Temple— Concert Thursday Evening, October 27.
4-utro's iSatiis — Swimming.
Rosenthal— Coming in February.
A CONSTITUTIONAL CONVENTION.
GENERAL public attention should be called to
the fact that at the election next month the
people are to vote upon calling a cunstitu
. on to revise the fundamental law of the
State.
The constitution provides that: "When two-thirds
of the members elected to each House of the Legisla
ture shall deem it necessary to revise this constitution
they shall recommend to the electors to vote at the
next general election for or against a convention for
that purpose, and if a majority of the electors v I
at such election on the proposition for a convention
shall vote in favor thereof, the Legislature shall, at
its next session, provide by law for calling the same."
The importance of this matter is incapable of over
estimate. The prospect of a revision which may give
us practically a ne.v constitution invests the attitude
of public men and the trend of public issues with a
irtancc
The present constitution was produced, unfortun
ately, in the potent passion of the sandlot spasm,
which disfigured the reputation of California, and one
necessity for its revision, or substitution by a more
sane instrument, is that the courts have been com
pelled, in construing it. to übsulete so much of it
matter that was in conflict with rights entrenched in
the Federal constitution, and so much that sought to
leap over the prohibitions of that supreme law of the
land.
If we attempt revision in the delirium of successful
sandlotism that would follow the election of the fusion
State ticket, we will be sure to make matters worse in
stead of bettering them. The fusion movement has
filled the air with fads as it is filled with thistle-down
by the summer wind, and the success of the job lot of
fanatical ideas that are the cargo of the fusion move
ment woula displace sanity and system for the time
being, and all sound notions of government would be
suspended during the process of making a new con
stitution.
The duty of citizens to beat Maguire and the fusion
scheme is emphasized by the prospect of all the rights
of person and property, which are committed to the
care of the State, being put in a state of flux again, to
be the sport of experiment by successful sandlotters
and fanatics.
The motley set of principles for which Maguire
stands would then be regarded as proper provisions
for the fundamental law, and the State would receive
a constitution that would fit it like a horsehair shirt.
imparting more torment than protection.
It is, then, in the nature of a civic emergency to
have a constitutional convention impending during
such a campaign as the fusionists have inaugurated
and Maguire is carrying on. In such an emergency
the good sense and local loyalty of the people must
assert themselves, in the defeat of the fusion ticket,
to the end that a probable and possible new consti
tution may not be a prolonged screed and discordant
screech against all human institutions.
Private Meadors of the Eighth has been acquitted
of the charge of murder. The fact ought to comfort
Private Rosser of the Tennessee regiment. The ex
tenuating circumstance urged on behalf of Meadors
seemed to be that he was sorry. Doubtless Rosser
is just as sorry. From an unbiased standpoint the
act of Meadors seemed far worse than that of Rosser.
It was deliberate, while the other assassin acted under
the impulse of alcohol insanity, a poor enough excuse,
to be sure, but one which permits belief in the ab
sence of malice. Meadors is of course to be con
gratulated, but it may reasonably be hoped that he
will refrain from further slaughter. Trials are ex
pensive.
With becoming modesty the Examiner claims
credit for improved ferry service. Other people had
thought the prospect of a rival line had something to
do with the matter, and will be glad to be enlightened.
This is the Examiner's greatest feat since its brilliant
victory over Monte jo at Manila, when, as will be re
membered, its man Dewey did quite well.
Editor Hearst certainly received a warm welcome
after his long absence. If he still regards San Fran
cisco as his home, however, it is likely that the motto
above his desk is not exactly "God bless our home."
There is not time left for Henley to take out his
first papers. While reputable citizens of Mexico are
welcomed here, there are certain formalities to be
observed before they can be eligible to office.
Some correspondent evidently dreamed that latest
fight at Manila. Nobody ought to be permitted to
dispose of his nightmare phantoms at space rates.
The wards which Phelan has decided contain no
men good enough to represent them in the Board of
Supervisors must feel flattered and friendly.
Murderer Clark has been hanged, and deserves the
tribute of praise for having been so scared that he
could not talk on the scaffold.
IS HENLEY ELIGIBLE?
IN his first speech in the campaign Mr. Henley took
occasion to make a personal attack on his oppo
nent, Judge Murphy. The man who begins a per
.l attack cannot complain if the same weapons
are turned against him. The Call has printed the doc
umentary evidence that Henley turned his back on
his own country, prostrated himself before an im
perial usurper in Mexico, called him "Sire" and
begged to be made one of his "subjects," as his "Im
perial Majesty had deigned to do in the case of other
foreigners." His "Imperial Sire" "deigned" and
made him a "subject." Henley. Hoosier-born, and
reared in California, a free citizen of this republic, de
| in Ins humble petition to his Imperial "Sire"
that Mexico under the "new government," an em
pire, was the best country in America.
The liberty wrested from Spain by revolution had
been stricken down by the Austrian Prince, backed by
the armies of France. The republic, which had been
evolved out of tiie courage of generations of patriots,
had been buried, and an empire. gewgawed and gar
nished, tawdried and tricked out in all the tinsel and
forms of the most exclusive royal court in Europe,
had been founded on its grave.
Juarez, the patriot Aztec, was a naked fugitive,
hiding in the caves and chaparral of the mountains.
Human freedom and the rights of man had been ban
ished and a foreign army rode the land with a hard
hoof, when Barclay Henley, free born, of full age, and
having an estate of movable and immovable property
in this republic, declared that Mexico was his prefer
ence among all the nations of the Americas! He cast
off his birthright as the citizen of a republic, pros
trated himself at the toes of a usurping Emperor, and
begged his "Imperial Sire" to make him a '"subject."
At this distance of time it looks like a scene in
opera bouffc Armed with the naturalization papers
which his "'lmperial Sire" had "deigned" to bestow
upon him, he set sail for San Francisco, as to a
foreign country. Landing here, he waited upon the
French Consul, then the subject of another Imperial
Sire, saluted him as the subjects of "Sires" do when
they meet, and put himself under that Consul's "pro
tection. "
The United States had no diplomatic relations with
Henley's "Imperial Sire"' in Mexico and subjects of
the "Sire" wore consigned, with other merchandi-'j,
is and chattels, to the diplomatic and consular
representatives of France. But those were ticklish
times here. France had a large army in Mexico.
Renegades like Henley were crossing the line to find
their "Sire" and support his empire, and in the stress
of our Civil War a sudden turn in European affairs
• project the French forces, commanded by Mar
shal Bazaine. arro-< our borders. So General Mc-
Dowell called ; " :e subject of his "Imperial
Sire." to account w i*en he landed here. Senor Hen
ley responded that evidence that he was a subject of
the Mexican empire had been deposited with the
French Consul, and that ended the incident.
Finally the fortunes of war turned. Juarez came
down from the heights, gathered the wide scattered
patriots together, nnd Henley's Imperial Sire fell at
Queretaro. History gained a tragedy, the Monroe
doctrine gained a point, and Senor Henley lost his
"Sire."
It is for the voters of San Francisco to decide
whether they want to elect a man who deserted his
country and flag, washed off his American citizenship
as if it were the dirt left in a bath, and knelt to an
Emperor with a prayer that he would "deign" to make
him a "subject."
PORTO RICO OND THE PEACE
JUBILEE.
A COINCIDENCE, auspicious in every respect,
is to be noted in the fact that the celebration of
the great peace jubilee at Chicago, which was
national in its scope, took place on the same day
that the American rlag was formally raised above the
public buildings at San Juan, and Porto Rico became
essions of the United States.
A beautiful and impressive harmony prevailed
throughout the speeches made at the two cere
monies so widely separated in space and so different
in their natures. General Henry, in addressing the
Alcalde and the citizens of San Juan, said to them:
"To-day the flag of the United States floats as an
emblem of undisputed authority over the island of
Porto Rico, giving promise of protection of life, of
liberty, prosperity and right to worship God accord
ing to conscience. * * * Your future destiny
rests largely with yourselves. I congratulate you all
in beginning your public life under these new aus
pices, free from governmental oppression."
Almost at the same time those words were being
spoken at San Juan Archbishop Ireland was rousing
the audience at Chicago to the highest levels of
patriotism by reminding them: "With America goes
far and wide what America in her grandest ideal rep
resents — democracy and liberty — a government of the
people, by the people, for the people. This is Ameri
canism more than American territory, American ship
ping or American soldiery. Where this grandest
ideal of American life is not held supreme, America
has not reached; where this ideal is supreme,
America reigns."
It is gratifying to learn from the reply made by the
Alcalde to General Henry that the people of Porto
Rico have an understanding of what Americanism is.
They recognize that they have gained by the transfer
of the sovereignty of their island from Spain to the
United State-.
In the course of his speech the Alcalde said: "Porto
Rico has not accepted American dominion on account
of force. She came willingly and freely, hoping,
hand in hand with the greatest of all republics, to ad
vance in civilization and progress, and to become a
part of the republic to which we pledge our faith for
ever."
That cordial acceptance of the sovereignty of a
conqueror, not as a power imposed by military force
but as a blessing, is, we believe, unparalleled in the
annals of war. It shows how nearly we have come to
living up to our ideals of which Archbishop Ireland
spoke. We have so far been true to them that we
have made eveji our foes in war recognize them and
believe we are sincere in them. Truly President Mc-
Kinley was justified in saying at Chicago: "It is
gratifying to us all to know that this has never ceased
to be a war of humanity, and I am sure it is the uni
versal prayer of American citizens that justice, hu
manity and civilization shall characterize the final set
tlement of peace as they have distinguished the pro
gress of the war."
Nobody can make any sane person believe that a
man who lives in one ward can by taking a grip and
a nightshirt to another ward make himself a resident
of the latter.
Phelan is inclined to smile at the charge of having
colonized voters and candidates. There was a time
when Sternberg smiled about the same things.
It may be said for the Bulletin that it has reached
the intellectual stage where it thinks that it thinks.
THE SA^ FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1898.
THE NEXT BOORD OF SUPERVISORS.
rOR the taxpayers and the people generally of
San Francisco no issue of the election is of more
importance than that involved in the election of
the new Board of Supervisors. Upon the majority
of that body depends the control of local affairs, and
every desire of the community for economy, improve
ment, honesty and good government is included in
the contest.
The majority of the present board are virtually the
appointees of Mayor Phelan. He dictated their nomi
nation, and it was on his indorsement, and perhaps
largely by the use of his money, they were elected.
Mr. Phelan had hefted them before their nomination
and decided they were solid, reliable and as good as
gold.
They have now been tried by a truer scale than that
of the Mayor's hefting, and have been found false
throughout. Never in our history have we had more
corruption among the Supervisors, more scandals of
municipal jobbery and a more shameless "solid nine
than that which was foisted by Phelan and his push
upon the city and county at the last election.
A people so badly fooled are not likely to be fooled
again in the same way by the same man. Mayor
Phelan has once more presented to the electors as
candidates for their suffrages a set of men selected by
himself for the office of Supervisor. Their nomina
tion at the Mayor's dictation was made this time even
more audaciously than was that of the majority of the
present board. To a great extent they are unknown
men, but this much is certain — if they keep their
pledges they will be the creatures of the "plus hat
boss." Is it to be doubted that men willing to be the
servants of such a boss during election will be willing
and perhaps eager to be the servants of other and
better paying bosses if they get into office?
In opposition to the ticket of the Phelanites, dis
credited by the record of the last two years, bearing
the stigma of a nomination pained in violation of all
precedents and principles of American politics and
disgraced in many instances by the trickery of false
registration for the purpose of making ri pretense of
residing in wards other than those where they really
live, the Republican party presents a ticket nominated
in an open convention, made up of men representing
the best elements of citizenship, and pledged to poli
cies calculated to advance the welfare of the munici
pality.
Xo intelligent man can hesitate in choosing between
soch tickets as these. Even the most stalwart of Dem
ocrats refuse to accept the nominees of the Commit
tee of One Hundred as the representatives of their
party. Even the independents who supported Phelan
two years ago refuse to any longer accept his prom
ises after the record made by him and his nominees
in the present board.
San Francisco needs a Board of Supervisors which
will support Mayor Patton in his work for the ad
vancement of the municipality, for honesty, economy
and reform. The people, therefore, irrespective of
party, may be counted on to vote for the whole list
of Republican Supervisors as well as for the Repub
lican Mayor.
HOW TO "GET TOGETHER."
GOVERNOR BUDD'S suggestion that the
Democrats of this city should immediately
"get together" is excellent, but it comes alto
gether too late. Had the Governor offered this idea
early in the summer, and had he then, in conjunction
with other Democrats, insisted upon a fair primary
election and fair representative State and city conven
tions, the Democracy might have been saved from its
alliance with the Maguire Populists and the bossism
of Mayor Phelan. It is too late now, however, to
suggest "getting together." True Democrats can
never "get together" in this campaign and maintain
their self-respect.
Moreover, getting Democrats together at the pres
ent time means substantially the continuation in power
of Boss Phelan and the band of bolters and office
seekers to whom he has given nominations. There
fore Governor Budd's advice, while excellent from a
partisan standpoint, would, if followed, in the end com
pletely destroy the Democratic party of State and city.
The organization never could survive the process of
"getting together" on the Phelan-MaKuire basis.
There is but one safe course for Democrats who stand
for principle to follow in this campaign. They must
knock out the entire brood of job-chasers who have
captured their party or abandon it forever.
In discharging the functions of party boss Phelan
has thrown precedent and precept to the winds. He
has appointed a State delegation and a municipal con
vention, and has given nominations to none but his
personal adherents. His lieutenants have pledged
the nominees for patronage offices to award the
places under them to the "party," which means
Phelan. If the Democratic ticket is elected, not only
will the boss-ship of the Mayor be recognized, but he
will be made so strong politically that he will practic
ally own the city.
How can Democrats "get together" on any such
basis as this? How can they flock to the support of
a gubernatorial candidate who represents single tax
ation and demagogism and a candidate for Mayor
who represents bossism and the spoils of office? It
is all right to talk about the glorious principles of
Democracy, and the allegiance Democrats owe to the
traditions of their party, but "getting together" means
on this occasion aiding in the triumph of a sandlot
demagogue, a political boss and a boodle newspaper.
In this campaign genuine Democrats can do but
one thing and maintain their self-respect, viz., vote
the Republican ticket from top to bottom. In that
way only can they purify their party and rebuke the
bolters, demagogues and office-seekers who have ob
tained control of it. For years these men have pro
claimed their unselfish devotion to Democratic prin
ciples and desire for good government. Democrats
now see that all this means merely giving them the
offices. If it is made to appear that the game these
men are playing results in defeat, this campaign will
end them. So the ultimate regeneration of Democ
racy demands the election of the entire Republican
ticket. State and municipal. That will be a real case
of "getting together," and one the moral of which
will not be lost upon Phelan and his gang of job
chasers.
There is nothing surprising in the report that Peary
has been frozen in. A man does not go to the Arctic
with the expectation of having to contend with sun
stroke. His object is to get frozen in and rescued.
There is about the same danger of a fight between
France and England that there is of some of the
heavy-weight conversational pugilists getting into the
ring.
The only purpose Murderer Keenan can serve will
be in the capacity of a horrible example, and he can
not do his best at this without the experience of being
hanged.
Peopie are freezing to death in Colorado. This is
a great country, and did nci need to take in the Phil
ippines to acquire all sorts of weather.
T. W. H. SHANAHAN MAKES AN APPEAL
TO THE VOTERS OF THE PEOPLE'S PARTY
Editor Call: In reply to many Inquiries
from throughout the State as to what
action should be taken by members of
the People's party at the coming election
I am constrained to offer the following:
Except as a matter of Independent vot
ing the party lias been for the present
wiped out of existence —
First— By the action of the fuslonista of
the late People's Party Convention at
Sai ramento, aided, encouraged and
brought about by the attendance and par
itlon therein by the then chairman
•■! the Democratic State Central Commit
f a sub-committee of said commu
te •■ and a body of persons styling them
selves Silver Republicans;
Second— By the decision of the Supreme
Court in favor of the fusionists.
The most influential person in the be
trayal of the People's party in the con
vention was E. M. Wardall, chairman of
the People's Party State Central Commit
tee, who holds the position of secretary
to Congressman Barlow, at a salary of
$10u per month, and who, no doubt, wished
to perpetuate himself in that, to him,
very Important plac< . by brinßing about
fusion and the renominatlon and re-elec
tion ot Mr. Barlow. John S. Dore, a for
mer leader of the party anil a then
fusion nominee for Supervisor in Fresno
County, took a prominent part in that
behalf. In fact, the fuslonlsts fr..m the
country districts in the convention were
nearly all interested In bringing about fu
sion for the purpose of securing local or
other offices for themselves or friends.
Twenty-six delegates from San Francisco
voted for fusion despite their instructions
to the contrary, and since the convention
the two k-aders of the number— Kinne-and
Gillesple— have been actively engaged in
bringing about indorsements of both
Democrats and Republicans In the city
and county campaign in San Francisco,
conditioned, of course, on the payment of
- into the hands of thiMr com
mittee. It goes without saying that neith
• :• I emocrats nor Republicans have in-
I nor Dominated any member of the
People's party in San Francisco.
As :i State question the People's party
has been traded out of existence for a
few nominations that carry nothing with
them, even In case of success at the polls,
other than the few dollars that would
reach the pockets of the incumbents if
elected. There Is nothing in the office
■of Lieutenant Governor, Controller or
rintendent of Public Instruction (the
: nominations allowed the People's party
: fuslonists) of an executive, administrative
or other character that could possibly
Impress the people of the State with any
Idea I rrn measures contemplated
: by the People's party. The bargain made
. by Alford et a!., to allow Wardall ft al..
one member of the State Board of Equali
zation was promptly rt-.scinded by the
Democrats. The nomination of Mr. Dry
den fur Railroad Commissioner was .1
worthless concession, as the Board of
ad Commissioners have been *•■ tied
; by decisions ■>/ the courts as to make its
i abolition desirable. Since its establish
ment eighteen years ago the commission
has coat the State for salaries, rents and
incidental expenses over 1300,000, not tak
ing into account fees paid by the State
to special counsel employed by the bi-ard.
■ As a result of this enormous expenditure
i of money nothing has nor ever will be
I accomplished by Mr. I>rycien or any other
Commissioner in the equalization or re-
I ductlon of freights and fares. It is true,
railroad companies have made some vol
i untary reductions, but never by reason
; of the power exercised by the commission.
| This brings t>.» mind that the only solu
| tion of the transportation question is
; governmental ownership and operation
of railroads.
The whole legislative ticket of the State.
with one or two exceptions, haa been
turned over to the Democrats.
With neither legislative, executive nor
; judicial nominations given the People's
party by the fusion bargain, how can that
party maintain the semblance of exlst-
I ence. to say nothing of its identity, under
; the arrangement made? The so-called
Silver Republican party, consisting- large
ly <>f Nathan Cole Jr., H. A. McCraney,
Walter Van Dyke and J. Noonan Phillips,
! has fared better in the fusion deal. In
■ f success, Mr. Van Dyke will be
Justice of the Supreme Court for twelve
years. Mr. McCruney clerk of that body,
J. Noonan Phillips Stnte Senator, while
Mr. Cole will occupy the dual position of
a party boas and an admiring- party con
, Btltuency. The election of Mr. McCraney
would mean- as little as that of the Peo
; pie's party fuslonist nominees, but the
election of Phillips would give him the
opportunity to propose laws in two Bes
1 pi ..us of thf> Legislature and of Van Dyke
! to file opinions as Justice for twelve years
I to come.
From the foregoing It will be seen that
the fuslonists of the People's party were
willing to and did sacrifice every office
; that In its nature would give any oppor
: tunity to carry out or perpetuate any prin
! ciple of the People's party. In other
i words, the fuslonists have been careful
to prevent a nomination for any office
! falling to the People's party that by the
1 enunciation, advocacy, maintenance or
j carrying out of a principle therein would
permit a People's party incumbent to ue
heard of or from In the ensuing four
years.
It may be suggested that the nomination
of Castle and Barlow (two of seven nomi
nees for Representatives In Congress) is
at variance with the foregoing; but such
Is not the case. Their re-election would
only mean that they would be again mi
i eluded in what is popularly known as
j Thomas B. Reed's list of reconcentrados,
wittiout power under the ruler of the
•• of Representatives to carry or be
I heard on any question except with the
■nt of the Speaker, In whom ihe en
i tire power of the House is at present
vested. On the other hand, If the Legis
lature is carried by the fusionista, the
Democrats will be represented in the
United States Senate for six years by a
Democrat who will have the right under
the written and unwritten rules of the
I Senate to call up measures for coasldera
! tion and to advocate or oppose any and
all measures before that body. f!o it will
be seen that the People's party fusionists
i have practically piven up every office that
| would tend to perpetuate the life of the
j People's party.
The Democratic party is not a national
party in any sense at the present time.
The Democratic platforms of New York,
New Jersey. Pennsylvania and Connecti
cut do not mention the silver question,
yet the fwsionists of the People's party
of California and other States have allied
themselves with the party that in the
States mentioned is as much opposed to
them as the Republican party on that
and nearly every public question. Except
for fusion the People's party would to
day present a solid and unbroken front
and line of battle to the Republican party
in every State of the Union. It was
therefore necessary the People's party
should be fused out of existence, to the
end that the few crumbs of official place
and emolument scattered from the tabl*
of Republicanism by the haste and greed
of allied monopolies should fall to the
Democratic party, and the Republican
party be perpetuated in power by having
opposed to it from a national standpoint
a party whose strength is represented by
a chain with broken and missing links.
In consonance with this end the Su
preme Court in Its decision validating fu
sion held that there could be no inquiry
into the betrayal of the life of a political
party, even where the delegates so be
traying it were under instructions to the
contrary from the source from which
they received their power to act as dele
gates. The decision' was the last step re
toulrad to destroy tb» ladfiD9n,fleat jpolitl
cal existence of the People's party In this
State.
As the one to whom the Examiner gave
credit editorially with carrying Australian
ballot reform In the Assembly, I have
believed, and still believe, that the the
ory and intent of the law was not only
to maintain the existence of but to en
courage the formation of political par
ties, so that all political opinions might
be expressed and protected on a ballot
printed at public expense. That so long
as any number of persons were desirous
of voting a party ticket as such, they
should have the right so to do. where
such party had polled 3 per cent, the per
centage required, of the entire vote at
the last | receding election. It would have
taken only five weeks from and after the
decision of the court for the people to
have decided on their ballots whether or
not the party had the necessary 3 per
cent to entitle it to remain in existence
under the operation of the law itself.
To show the party's complete annihila
tion it is only necessary to suggest that
two years from now it will be impossible
in view of fusion for any certificate to be
filed with the necessary affidavit attached
that the party as such iwlled 3 per cent
of the vote at the preceding election, The
court stated that that point would be de
termined when properly an issue before
it. The rule that perjury consists of
swearing to that which one does not
know to be true, as well as that which
one knows to be untrue, will prevent any
such certificate being filed In behalf of
the People's party.
AVith the party manipulated and traded
and finally adjudged out of existence ex
cept on a fusion basis, as heretofore ex
plained, the question arises as to the duty
of the individual voters of the People's
party. If they vote the fusion ticket
they will be voting with a party which,
when in full national power, did nothing
for a postal telegraph system, nothing in
the line of governmental ownership and
operation of railroads, nothing to reform
the currency, in fact nothing in the line
of People's party principles. Reasoning
by analogy, if the postnfflce system of to
day were in the hands of a private cor
poration it would remain there forever so
far as either the Democratic or Repub
lican party is concerned. A vote for
fusion is a vote for Democracy and the
complete extinction of the principles of
the People's party; a vote against fusion
will constitute a rebuke to the fusionists
who bargained away the life of the party
that sprang into existence In opposition
to the two old parties alike.
The candidacy of Mr. Maguire is in di
rect opposition to the fundamental prin
ciples of the People's party. In a speech
in the House of Representatives, Febru
ary 13, IS9B, he said:
Socialists, Populists and charity-mongers, the
people who would apply little remedies for a
great evil, are all V.arklnK up the wrong tree.
The upas of our civilization is our treatment
of land. It Is that which la converting even
the march of Invention into a blight. There
is but one cure for business depression; there
is no other; that Is the single tax.
What ia the meaning of single tax as
the words are used?
It Is a tax Imposed solely on land val
ues to the exclusion of all other taxes not
only for local and State purposes, but for
national purposes as well, this last being
evidenced by Maguire's motion to strike
out the Income tax feature of the Wilson
bill and Insert in lieu thereof the tax on
land values. Every single-taxer is a
free-trader, and on principle opposed to
any tariff, license or any tax except on
land values. Henry George, of whom Mr.
ICaguire Is a disciple, supported Cleve
land by reason of the latter's opposition
to the tariff. Let us see what the single
tax would mean for this State. The re
port of the State Board of Equalization
for 1894 (the latest I have been able to
obtain) shows that the total assessed
value of real estate in this State for the
year 1594, after deducting value of lm
:nents, to be: Country realty. $331,-
I; city and town lots, $1>.0Ki.597; to
tal value of all realty lees Improvements,
$470.369, 50". From the last named figures
there would probably be exempted from
taxation under the single tax, as that tax
is aimed at the equity of ownership, the
value of mortgages thereon, amounting
to $218,714,708; leaving actual value of
owners to be assessed, $251,555.101.
The valuation of ail property In the
State for assessment ' purposes in the
year 1594 was 11,204,976,952, upon which the
State tax levy was $0,493 on the $100. The
amount collected therefrom, less costs
and delinquents under the rate levied was
$5,511,634. Taking the valuation of that
year on realty alone, after deduction of
the value of improvements and mortgages,
the rate of taxation required to produce
the sum raised in taxes of $5,511,>>34 would
have been almost $2.19 instead of $0,493 on
the $10u valuation. Thus there would
have been imposed more than four times
the burden on land owners for State
taxes on land as a whole proposition
than they paid that year.
But that is not all. The valuation of
property for county purposes, being- the
same as the valuation of property for
State purposes of assessment, any in
crease or diminution of property assessed,
taking the counties of the State as a
whole, affects the county rate and levy
in exactly the same proportion as the
State rate and levy would be affected.
Therefore, taking an average of all the
county rates and levies of taxation for
the same year (1594) we find the average
rate and levy for county purposes was
$1,125 on the $100. Assuming that the
counties would have stood in the same
need of money for public purposes under
th« single tax system as was then the
case, the rate and levy for county pur
poses, being confined solely to land values
of owners, would have been, taking an
average of all the counties, over four
times the rate then levied on all property,
that is $4.W instead of $1,125 on the $100
of the valuation of the land of the
State.
A State rate and levy of $2.19 and a
county rate and levy of $4.99 (dropping
minute fractions), making the rate all
told of $7.1S on the $100 valuation of land
under the single tax, as against the State
rate and levy of $0,493 and the average
rate and levy for county purposes of
$1,125, making a total of $1,618, the State
and average county rate levied in 1594.
Or $7.15, the rate that would have been
required, under single tax. against $1,618,
shows the difference between the present
and that system so far as land owners
are concerned. It may be claimed,
though, that even under the single tax
the mortgage would be treated as an
interest In the land, and assessed to the
holder. Admitting that to be true the
additional burden of taxation would have
to be met by additional interest paid to
the mortgage holder, thus leaving the
mortgagor (land owner) in no better posi
tion than if he had paid the tax In the
first . instance. Still, the weight of the
single tax is not all shown, for the sin
gle taxer would do away with the tariff,
internal revenue, and all license taxes,
national, State and municipal, thereby
placing . additional burdens on land, in
taxes for the purpose of carrying on the
Government.
Under the single tax system the land
would soon be sold to the- State for taxes
and the dream of the single taxer of State
ownership, or "nationalization of land,"
as he terms it, the State rental of land
for taxes would bo realized. Land would
be valueless as security. No owner could
pay the taxes. The money leaner would
withdraw loans as speedily as possible,
or falling in that, would let the land be
sold to the State for taxes. No banker
jvoitfd. foreclose to become the own,Q£ pf
property on which the rate of taxation
would represent twice the interest or
Government bonds for which a premium
is paid. But the single taxer says im
provements would not be taxed. \ cry
true- as I have already shown. Unable
to pay taxes on the land the owner, could
uproot his vines and trees and remove
his buildings- or mining or other im
provements—where? The home would be
destroyed; we would become nomads. By
rendering land so worthless by taxation
that any person could secure a Portion of
it, it would not be taken under the bur
dens imposed and would ultimately rail
to furnish even revenue to carry on tne
Government. ' . _ ,
Henry George in "Progress and Pov
erty," page 880, quotes Mrs. Fawcett ap
provingly as follows:
The land tax. whether great or small In
amount, partakes of the ->iture of a rent : a: i
by the owner of land to the state. In a great
part of India the land ie owned by the oov
ernment and therefore the land tax is rent paid
direct to the state. The economic perfection
of this system of tenure may be readily per
ceived.
If the single tax works so beautifully In
India as a cureall for poverty, why was It
that in 1897 the Legislature of this State
passed resolutions asking the National
Government to furnish shipping to carry
food donated in the United States to the
wretched and starving inhabitants of that
country ?
Since the American Revolution, any
variation at any time in existing methods
of taxation has been a political question;
yet the fusionists claim the single tax is
not an issue. It is an issue. When tne
Democratic State Convention indorsed the
acts of Mr. Maguire it indorsed his acts
on the single tax question as well as his
opposition to the funding bill and his op
position to Hawaiian annexation. In fact,
the Democratic party is more nearly com
mitted by the acts of its representatives
to the single tax than to tHe anti funding,
as Senator White failed to vote against
the refunding bill. Mr. Maguire has loaded
the Congressional Record with speechea
on the subject of the single, tax for the
purpose of making converts, ana in the
end electing men to office who will cam
out his view?. On the evening of Septem
ber 14 In his speech in San Francisco, Mr.
Maguire claimed it was not an issue ana
then forthwith delivered what constituted
a column of close print in a morning
newspaper on that question. Among otxier
things, he claimed that the single tax
would break up the monopoly of Miller &
Lux of 14,000,000 acres of land in the x-a
ciflc States and Territories. He forgot to
explain that the constitution of this State
requires that land, improved and unim
proved, of the like quality, shall be as
sessed at the same value, thus going as
far as law can equitably go against hold
ing lots vacant or lands unused for spec
ulative purposes. He neglected to say
that a tax on land values that would
break up the monopoly of a greater acre
age would as effectually break the monop
oly of an acreage devoted to a small
Prior to ISS2 the Examiner, referring to
"Progress and Poverty," Henry Georges
work on single tax. said: ••Progress and
Poverty" must in time produce deep ef
fects, and give to the most important dis
cussion a new turn. It cannot long be
ignored by those who regard its doctrines
as dangerous." '~' ,
At page 326 of the above mentioned
work George says:
But when the times are ripe for them, idea*
grow, tven though insignificant in their first
appt-arance. One day, the thini estate cov
ered their heads wh.-n the King put on his
hat. A little while thereafter, and tbe head of
a son of St. L- ills rolled from r -he c
The antl-siavery movement in the United Stat^g
commenced with the talk of compensating own
ers, but when the four millions of slav
emanci;-.i;--i, the ' "' compensation,
nor did they clamor for any. And by the time
the people of such a country as England or the
United States are sufficiently aroused to the in
justice and dtsadvai.iages of individual owner
ship of land to induce them to atter:
nationalization, they will be sufficiently
aroused to nationalize It in a much more di
rect and easy -way than by purchase, i. c., by
taxation. They will "lot trouble themselves
about compensating the proprietors of land.
Following the above predictions we
have the single tax before us. If Mr. Ma
guire is elected the single tax will be In
dorsed; and if as zealous in that behalf
here as he was in trying to secure its
adoption in Delaware he will, with the
power in his hands, keep the people in
strife on that question to the exclusion
of all genuine measures of reform for
four years to come. But the single tax
can be removed from politics and from
public consideration by the defeat of Mr.
Maguire on the Bth day of November
next.
Two years ago I introduced an income
tax bill in the Legislature. Our consti
tition has provided for such a law since
IST?. I believe in taxing incomes whether
derived from land or from stocks, bonda
or property of any description. I do not
believe in taking a mouthful of food from
any hungry human being by taxation,
nor do I believe in taxing the homes from
men who in most c;ist_-s have labored the
better part of a lifetime to earn or main
tain them. Surplus wealth should be
taxed; and any person who has a net in
come over and above operating expenses
and cost of living for himself and fam
ily has surplus wealth which should be
taxed. The Republican majority in the
Assembly did not dare kill my bill, but
as a matter of delay referred it to a
committee of three to consider and re
port upon to the Legislature which meets
next January. It should then be reintro
duced and become a law. But the elec
tion ot" Maguire would give such an Im
petus to the single tax. as I have before
suggested, that the incume tax and other
measures of reform would be lost sight
of for four years to come in the strife
on that question. While on the subject
I cannot refrain from stating that many
otherwi.se well informed persons think
a State income tax unconstitutional by
reason of the decision of the United
States Supreme Court on the income tax
feature or the Wilson bill. Instead of so
holding the court held the income tax to
be a direct tax, and that, as euch, the
power to levy it was vested so!'
each of the States and not in the Federal
Government.
The way to reach and carry the meas
ures of reform heretofore proposed by the
People's party and to restore the life of
the party is to defeat Mr. Maguire and
the single tax. If the defeat of the single
tax idea in its incipifney is not a question
of politics, It is a question of patriotism.
And to the end of removing the single
tax from public consideration I shall, as
a member of the People's party, vote for
Mr. Gage, who. as a private citizen and
lawyer, recovered millions of acres of the
public domain from the railroads; who,
as a lawyer, never foreclosed a mortgage
on a home and who, as a candidate for
Governor, declares himself against the
single tax and against taxing land own
ersnlp and homes out of existence. With
his election, barter of principle for office,
being all things to all men, the candidacy
on three platforms, the destruction of a
political party for personal ends will be
rebuked. And the men, women and chil
dren of California will rest in compara
tive peace, knowing that the instru
mentality of destroying their homes by
an insidious and unjust method of taxa
tion has been defeated.
T. W. H. SHANAHAN.
Peanut taffy, best in world. Townsend's.*
Soft baby cream. 15c lb. Townsend's. •
Treat your friends to Townsend'a Cali
fornia glace fruits. 50c lb.. In tire etch
boxes. 627 Market Ft.. Palace building:. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business house ■, and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen'si, 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043. •
Philanthropist (with tears of joy)— Oh!
you good man! You say you have been a
second-story thief all your life, but you
wish to do better?
Criminal (fervently)— Yes, lady if t
ever get out uv here alive. I'll be' a first
class bank sneak or nuthin'.— Detroit
Journal.
Through Tourist Car to St. Paul.
This car is nicely upholstered in leather.
leaves every Tuesday night, no change. QoM
via Shasta route and Northern Pacific Rail
way. The scenic line of the continent. Tick
ets on aale to all Eastern cities at lowest rates.
T. K. Stateler, general agent. 638 Market St..
Ban FrancUco.
Angostura Bitters, prepared by Pr. Siegert In
South America for his private use. Is the bert
appetizing tonic. Accept no other.
ACKER' ENUL.IBH WSMEDY WILL STOP
a cough at any time, and will cure the worn
cola in twelve - hours or money refunded. No
Perc«Qtag« Pharmacy.PHELAN'S
AFFIDAVIT
IIS QUEER
CjntlnueJ from Fii>t Page.
irlty of elections
. I the first section of this aot
" • • • and at the time of
of nomination the
such certificates of
• iil also file with the
cers . i b> law to receive and
the names of five
tis who have accepted, In writing.
. ■ ted to re
ceive, expend, audit and disburse ail
donated, sub
r in anywise furnished oj
raised fur the purpose of aiding or pro
. : tction of ( andidatea lor
>r electors named in the said cer
tificate of nomination, or in any man
ner to be used in respect of the conduct
and management of iho election at
:. such candidates are to be voted
for."
The further previsions of this act
:~y that this committee shall llle an
nent of the expenditures
mmittee during the campaign
and ; : nice with this section the
auda. of the Democratic
tatement covering all of
: thai campaign, Includ
enditures made for every
he ticket and the inci
dental expenses of meetings, parades,
advertising, banners, printing and
5 other expenditure, giving a
■ »»ti 57. In this statement of ex
an Itemized account of
the mom-..
with the amounts paid to newspaj
This was for the advertising of meet
i ■ lon of
such "appeals to voters" and other pub
be committee saw fit
ake during the campaign. The to
tal thus paid to newspapers by the
cnittee amounted I ■ -. and
consequently could not hav<
Id 'or Phelan's persona!
adveri r had all of the $1354 72
• by the committee on newspapers
; lied to Phelan's bills there
i still have been a deficit of more
$1200 from the total mat his ad
aim.
nianasors who con
n then and who are
icting his present campaign say
sened" to the extent of
0 and will spend as much and
if necessary during the present
campaign.
Possibly this "holler than thou" can
hut he i« above the law
an make any affidavit necessary
'.er his ease with Impunity, just as
he connives at election frauds by send
ing his kid-glove associates Into wards
where there are no Democrats fit to sit
i:i council with him.
Is there a sane man in San Francisco
thinks that ail this advertising
In the various papers of the city
without Phelan knowing that it had to
. . :
- any rr.an believe that these
;e for the love
of the Silk Hat?
va believe that the com
: all their money fur the
cement of Phelan's candidacy
he donated only JISO to the com
?
Does any sane man believe that all of
this "purifier's" expenses during that i
campaign and all of the expenses of the i
workers and heelers who were aiding:
him came within the 5250 which he !
swore red all cf the moneys spent
by or for him?
During • hat campaign Phelan's ban- j
ners flaunted across the streets as they i
do to-day, his cards were distributed all
over the" city as they are to-day, and
his posters and handbills were scat
tered broadcast as they are to-day.
Does he presume to say that these were
not paid for "by or for him?"
During that campaign Phelan rode
from meeting to meeting in hacks as he
does to-day and his workers rode In
hacks as they do to-day. Does he pr»
sume to say that his hack bill was leal
than $250. which he swore was the total
of his expenses?
Will Fhelan swear that during that
entire campaign he gave to no man a
dollar?
Did he not then, as he does now, go
with his friends about the city and
epend money for conviviality? Did he
never meet his friends and their friends
and spend a few minutes in some con
venient saloon, as he does now? That
he does this is not to be condemned,
but that he does it and then makes oath
that he spends but $250 luring an entire
campaign is something that the people
do not expect of a man who is so pure
and bo holy that he sets himself above
the rest of mankind.
The election law, which ha« for its
object purity of elections, is strict in its
provisions against the expenditure of
moneys during a campaign and the
public Is disposed to overlook excessive
expenditures on the part of candidates,
but for the man who has set himself up
as the one pure and good man of the
city to make oath to expenses which
iare ridiculous on their face is to be
condemned and Phelan cannot avoid
th<* issue. He has prescribed purity in
politics for all men and must not him
self transgress.
In making its estimate of the moneys
expended by. ■•'.•. Phelan among news
papers The Call measured the cards
which appeared in those papers and the
paid write-ups and display advertising
of Mr. Phelan and made the estimate
from the known advertising rat- of
the papers. If there has been an error
it i: on the conservative side and the
true amounts. ■•• more apt to be higher
than lower than those given herewith.
The Call Is not disposed to censure
Mr. Phelan for spending his money
during a. campaign, but it is opposed to
hypocrisy and hr-nce takes issue with
this "holier-than-thou" candidate for
being impure in politics and making
ostentatious display of his being better
than othei
RESCrK OF Tin: DROWNING.
In all the methods which Involve the
grasping: of the helpless pen by the res
i ■;•■!•. Bays a writer In Harpers Bazar,
the swimmer must rely upon three limbs
to make progress. Hence the left
arm is generally used to support the
drowning person, thus leaving the strong
er right arm to assist the legs in their
battle with the waves.
Sometimes the rescuer swims with the
ordinary breast stroke, grasping the
form of the other just below the armpits
firmly with the left arm. and towing the
body along beside him, parallel with his
own. Occasionally, if the drowning per
son is light and the water not very
rough, he may be supported merely by
the rescuer's hand being placed under
neath the I eat, high enough to keep his
head out of the water. This could not
be done; however, if he struggled at all.
There is another method, differing from j
any of those yet mentioned, in that it
allow* the rescuer the full liberty of both
arms as well as both legs, and, if prop
erly managed, hinders the progress :
scarcely at all. It cannot be used unless
the person who is in danger of drowning
has consciousness and self-command
enough to obey orders, but there are such
cases as this; for example, when one who
Is himself a swimmer happens to be
seized with cramp and rendered helpless
temporarily, or becomes exhausted when
at a considerable distance from shore '
The method is for the exhausted person
to face the rescuer and throw his arms
about the latter's neck, allowing the body
to float forward, as it will, feet first un
til It is extended almost horizontally un
der that of the swimmer. If the help
less person refrains from pulling down
ward with his arms and Just maintains
a sufficiently firm hold to keep his face
out of water, the swimmer will be abie
to proceed with perfect comfort by means
of the breast stroke. This has been tried
often, and proved, to be an excellent way J
HON. T. W. H. SHANAHAPs', the Well-Known Populist Leader.
of swimming with the weight of another.
Those swimmers who have never tried
it will find it interesting to practice
may be glad some day of the possession
of "the skill thus gained.
I NEGRESS RAISED THE BLOCKADE.
A- exactly 7 6 o'cl 'ck on a recent morn
ing a brick tru'-k loaded with about 1500
bricks started west across Second ave
nue at Thirty-second street. The cart
was rickety and as it struck the car track
on which the south-bound trolley cars
were running the right hind wheel broke.
The wagon settled down easily and calm
ly right in the middle of the track.
Of course, a trolley car came along just
! then with a lot gers eager to get
■to their plac<-s of business downtown.
| The conductor and mutorman grinned a
moment and then began to swear gent
ly. Very soon two ur three more cars
came along and had to stop also. By this
I time the railroad employes and the pas
' sengers saw that the blockade was seri
ous, and some one went for a ja'-k to raise
! the cart. But that did no good, for the
load of bricks was too heavy to handle.
Meanwhile cars were coming down, and
the string of cars was piling up rapidly.
; The conductors and motonnen stood
| around and swore at the luckless driver.
who was petting desperate. More cars
were coming and tl :<era were
gt-tting more out of sorts.
A large, white-haired negro woman with
a big bask< t of washing in her arms
lumped ( ut of the third blockaded car and
walked down to the brick cart. She stood
for a moment and watched the group of
railroad men around the cart.
"Well, Hh'rn blessed," she said in a di»- |
guwted tune, loud enough for everybody
within 100 feet to hear. "Hcah, you mo
tahmen an' conduotahs. stand aroun' and i
look on. You'se afraid o' sollin' you 1
nan's, ain't you? If ah had you aworkin'
for me, ah'd bounce you every cine. Peel
pretty nice in you' brass buttons, don't
you, you lazy, shift'K-ss men! Ah nay,
w'y don't you unload dem bricks? Dump
'em out!"
"Naw, you won't dump 'em out." said
the driver. "You'll break the bricks,"
"Break nothln'," said the negro woman.
"Jess sfe hf-ah."
She took fifteen bricks from the broken
down cart up in her arms; then she pil< d
them in the trutt.-r.
"Come on," she paid to the men, "plt^h
in an' help me. You'd let a woman do it
all, wou'den' you?"
"That's right, mammy," shouted a man,
"we'll help you. Come on. everybody."
Passengers, men ami women pilt-a out
of the waiting cars, the motormen and
conductors joined them, and everybody
took a pile of ter. or fifteen bricks to the
gutter. In less than fifteen minutes the
cart was empty, and it was an easy Job
to haul it away from the car track. Then
the crowd cheered for the old woman aa
she picked up her basket and walked tri
umphantly to her car
•'Take up a collection." shouted some
one. "She's a brick herself." And the
crowd responded in fine shape. In a mo
ment dimes, nickels and quarters were
rattling into the woman's basket, and she
was thanking each giver with a "Bless
you, child!"— New York Sun.
fjINCVLAK OLD LONDON ri.UB.
The c'.ty of London has probably given
birth to a greater number <>f clubs than
any other municipality in Christendom,
and they.- have embraced every .shade of
political opinion and social municipal in
fluence. <>ne of the most eccentric of
them all waa the Friendly Club, founded
in 169.". and afterward known as the Cen
tenary Club. Thanks to J. W. Sherwell, the
Clerk to the Saddlers' Company, the cor
poration has been put into possession of
Beveral minute books of this once famous
club, which Sergeant Robinson, one of
the last members of the club, and for
some time Its honorary secretary. The
club possessed "a father" and " a moth
er." and, more important than theße, per
haps, a hljfh Bteward, waoe tenure of office
was of .short duration, but whose powers
were wide, and whose discretion was
large. The toastfl of "The Father" and
"The Mother" were standing- dishes, as
also was one curiously styled "One More."
A member, in taking wine with another,
always s;iid, "My service to you," and
after the removal of the cloth the "Re
corder" said: "Has any member of the
club to report honors or preferments that
he has experienced sine*- the laxt meet
ing, such a*s baronetcies, knighthoods,
sons or daughters married, or children
or grandchildren born in lawful wedlock?"
The custom of the club was for every
member who achieved honorable distinc
tion in public or private life to pay a fine
to the club for rh<- benefits of the mem
ber? as a body, and the records te«;m with
instances of the alacrity with which mem
bers availed themselves of tills opportun
ity of keeping the differs of the club well
filled. The members were men of private
sportive character, not an evening pass
ing without bets being freely made upon
every conceivable subject, except horse
racing. The fact that many of the wagers
were of a foolish kind i« patent, but it
must not be forgotten that the Centenary
Club was nothing if not eccentric. -Lon
don City Press.
TWO NOI.SV NATIONS.
It seemß strange thnt two nations so
i antlpo<i;il )n the matter of Ideals an the
United States and China should share the
: distinction of being groat noise-loving
people. Yet It is a fart that the two
; countries consume nearly a.. th<> flre
i crackers maufactured each year by the
wives and children of the Chinese cracker
merchants. Kngland annually buys a
i small quantity of the explosives. Other
countries take only Infinitesimal amounts.
Here in America the firecracker is the
.small boy'fl legitimate medium for ex
pressing his patriotic approval of a great
1 national event. His enthusiasm expends
Itself In a day, consequently the nofse of
countless numbers of exploding crackers
laHts but a short time.
Not ho in the Orient. There the use of
firecrackers is not limited by age or posi
tion. Their use Is universal and has been
as far back as history records. It Is like
ly that in the beginning they were em
ployed to frighten away evil spirits. But
as the country partially emerged from Its
dense Ignorance, and shook off a nart of
its load of superstitions, the cracker be
came an exprtH.sion of good will and of
ceremonious compliment. Now the ex
ploding of firecrackers Is as much of an
Incident at wedding festivities in China
as the throwing of rice or old shoes la
here. Not only Is the marriage feast en
livened by the cracker, but blrth.B and
funerals, and festivals, religious, civil and
military ceremonies bring the cracker Into
play. Al6O they are used at New Year's
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1898.
to Balute persons about to make a Jour
ney, and, in fact, on all occasions out of
the ordinary routine.— New Yurk Times.
LUCKY PARSONS.
"The law is very blank on the question
which occasionally comes up as to the le
gal right of a clergyman to marry him
self," observed a lawyer. "Of course there
are not many clergymen who have ever
contended that Uiey had the legal as well
as the ecclesiastical right to perform
marriages when they were personally par
ties to it. and there never will be, from
the peculiar circumstances of the case.
As far as the laws of this District are
concerned, however, a clergyman is just
as competent to marry himself as he is to
marry others, f. r the reason that the
laws do not say anything t" the contrary,
and the clergyman's corticate that tho
marriage has been performed is all that
la needed to make it lawful.
"I am not up in ecclesiastical law to any
great extent, and I am not able to explain
the church ordinances, but as far as I can
learn a clergyman of any of the leading
denominations has all the church right to
marry himself that he has to marry oth
ers. "The Court of Queen's ilench in Dub
lin, on November 16, 1866, had a case of
tht^ kind under consideration, the only
point in issue being whether a clergyman
marry himself. The case was very
fully argued, and Is reported in the re
ports of that court and quoted by many
English law writers. The decision was in
the affirmative, and that Is the Is
England to-day. Some of th>- State laws
may have thought It i to express
an opinion in th»- matter, but I hay never
seen any. The case that l refer to is cited
In th«* books is that of Beamish vs.
Beamish. It was a prooeeding for a dl
\n which the question was raised
that there had nev.-r been a marriage." —
Washington star.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
this size. : ikiAvryDro fi^^^pßicE 3fl __.
IMMENSELY IMPROVED. liUtLItIdLK* $3**& CUT to ■ W GTS,
, F FIRST EDITION, 150,000. YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION, $1.00. I
I FRANKLESLIES I
FRANK R- S X?.,r flew Serial Story. W A^ R E TTA W.
I I ra Secure a topy I
I tomosuMffto. /
; ___; ;
Frank Leslie Publishing House, © 141-143 Fifth. Avenue. New York.
SOLD BY ALL NEWSDEALERS. BUY A COPY. ,
ACH EMPLOYED
TO PROSECUTE
THE FORGERS
Chief Lees Offers No
Objection.
WERE AT SWORDS' POINTS
STARTLING MOVE IN THE BECK-
ER AND CREEGAN CASE.
The "New Witness" Turns Out to Be
the Police Officer Who
Arrested the
Men.
The second trial of Becker and Cree
gan, the Nevada Bank forgers, will be
commenced next Monday before Judge
Wallace. To the surprise of the de
fendants and in fact everybody connect
ed with the case, except Chief Leos,
Henry Ach, the attorney, has been em
ployed as special counsel to prosecute
the men.
Ach was special prosecutor in the
Hoffman murder mystery', and took
particular delight in "roasting" the
head of the Police Department. Just
why he should be selected tcr plead the
case of the people against th.' forgers
is a fruitful source for discussion among
those directly interested. Ach and
Lees are not on Bpeaklng terms, but it
is possible that they will paich up their
differences when the second trial of the
forgers will have commenced. The only
explanation offered for the employ
ment of Ach is that D. J. Murphy, who
prosecuted the forgers at their former
trial, is "too busy" to attend to the
case.
It is known that the Bankers" Asso
ciation is Ptill determined to land
Becker in the penitentiary. They re
gard him as being too dangerous a man
to be allowed to roam about the coun
try passing worthless paper and prey-
Ing on bunkers. Fur tints reason they
intend to make a Btrong effort to have
him confined in the State prison for a
long term.
There are many who believe that
Oreegan, who, with Becker, was sen
tenced to life imprisonment for thr-
Nevada Hank forgery, has consented to
turn State's evidence against him on
consideration that he be given his free
dom. After the men were granted a
new trial, it is Bald, Creegan, who is
still confined in the County Jail, was
visited l>y a member <>f the Bankers'
Association, who induced him to take
the stand against Becker.
Creegan, however, vehemently denies
that ho intends t.i "peach" i>n his com
panions. He says he will stand "pat,"
and confidently expects that he and
Becker will be promptly acquitted. At
their former trial Deane, who se
the moruy on the forged check, turned
State's evidence against them. Mainly
through his testimony a verdict of
guilty was rendered. The Supreme
Court, however, held that the evid
of an accomplice was not sufficient to
convict, and granted the men a new
trial.
With the evidence of Creegan and
Deane it Is claimed that Becker would
be insured a long term in the peniten
tiary.
The new witness whose testimony it
was said would complete the chain of
evidence against the "King of Forgers"
arrived in this city yesterday from the
East. He Is the police officer who ar
rested Becker and Creegan after their
tlight from this city. Just what evi
dence he will give the prosecution re
fuses to state, but intimate that he
will cause consternation in the camp
of the defense when he takes the stand
against the accused men. McCloakey,
who was tried and acquitted of partici
pation in the crime, is also here, having
arrived Thursday night.
Attorney inmne, counsel for the de
fense, is prepared for a hard struggle
and confidently expects that his clients
will be acquitted.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE GOVERNMENT TUG— Constant
Reader, City. A civilian cU-siring passage
on the Government tug General McDow
ell must make application at army head
quarters, In the Phelan building, for per
mission to board her.
A SAILOR'S VOTE— C. S., City. There
Is no way by which a voter in California
can cast his ballot other than personally.
A sailor who is a citizen and at sf-a on the ,
day of election cannot "cast his ballot be
fore Leaving the city on the voyage or
have some one else cast it for him.'
TOBACCO— O. S.. Alameda, Cal. The
papers of the United States that are pub
lished In the interest of the tobacco trade
are all weeklies. There Is the Grocer and
Country Merchant, San Francisco; To
bacco, Tobacco Leaf and United States
Tobacco Journal, New York City, and the
Western Tobacco Journal, Cincinnati.
TWO REOTMENTS FOR MANILA— N.
B. 8., City find A. S.. City. The Idaho
volunteers left San Francisco for Manila
June 27, 1898, and the First Montana Vol
unteers left July 20. A letter Intended for
a member of either regiment should be
addressed to the Individual by rank If
ho. has any, If an enlisted man as private;
there must be given the letter of the com
pany to which he beli nsra and the num
ber of his regiment and then be addressed
Manila. Philippine Islands (Isla de Luzon).
Affix to the envelope the same amount of
postage as would be affixed to a letter
of ake weight directed to any part of
the United States and the postal authori
ties will do their best to transmit the
letter. If a letter is properly directed
there is but little danger of its going
astray.
SOLDIERS' VOTES— lgnorance, Sausa
lito, Cal. This correspondent asks: "Can
the soldiers stationed at Fort Baker, in
Marin County, vote for Governor at the
election in November?
The Legislature of the State of Cali
fornia, by an act of March 2, 1897, de
clared thut:
The State of California cedes to the United
States if America exclusive jurisdiction over
all lands now held, ocupied or reserved by the
Government of the United States for military
purposes or defense, or which may hereafter
be ceded or conveyed to said United States for
such purposes, provided that a sufficient de
scription by metes and bounds and a map or
plat be filed In the proper office In the county
in which the same are situated.
There is a reservation as to the right
of the State to execute civil process on
such reservations.
MeCrary on Elections, a standard au
thority, says:
Soldiers of the United States army cannot ac
quire a residence by being long quartered in
a particular place, and though upon being dis
charged from th» service they remain on the
place where they have previously been Quar
tered. If a year's residence in that place is
required as a qualification fur voting;, they
must remain there one year from the date of
such discharge before acquiring the right to
vote.
We have already seen that a residence with
in a place over which the United States has
exclusive Jurisdiction is not a residence with
in the State, county or township fur voting
purposes.
The voting qualification In California is
In the State one year before
•■, in the county ninety days and
precinct thirty days. Fort Baker is a
military reservation.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO MKS. PINKHAM
From Mrs. "Walter B. Budd, of Pat-
chogue, New York.
Mrs. Bttdd, in the following letter,
tells a familiar story of weakness and
suffering 1 , and thanks Mrs. Pinkham
for complete relief:
" Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — I think it is
wh^ my duty to write
Cf/'SA to yon and tell you
1 i \»A|l# done for
11 1 / cmin^. an °ther woman.
I lh/ Mm^ Ihadsuchdread-
Hl\ " * u^ nea< iaches
Hff B[\ through my
IC*"9/ WL\^ temples and
fll D x%> on to P of m y
I fa W head> that 1
I |.41 F nearly went
k»1 I eraz y> wasa iso
\zj l ' Wm I troubled with
X/J I ff^H l chills, was very
«^ \p9.™ I weak; my left
fij^"~ ~^~~~\ side from my
shoulders to
my waist pain-
ed me terribly. I could not sleep for
the pain. Plasters would help for a
while, but as soon as taken off, the pain
would be just as*bad as ever. Doctors
prescribed medicine, but it gave me no
relief.
"Now I feel so well and strong 1 ,
have no more headaches, and no
pain in side, and it is all owing to
your Compound. so I cannot praise it
ye no more headaches, and no
in in side, and it is all owing to
ur Compound. I cannot praise it
enough. It is a wonderful medicine.
[ recommend it to every woman I
know." b
JOSEPH FIGEL,
2d Floor Flood Bldg. Entrance Room 5.
JOSEPH FIGEU
2d Floor Flood Bldg. Entrance Room 5.
A MAN'S CLOTHES.
I make clothes to your order and measure,
and make them well. I give you a tremen-
dous assortment of goods and' patterns to
choose from. I charge fairly and reason-
ably for best work.
Suits fr0m.. 517.50 to $75
Pants from.. 7.50 to 18
I Overcoats . 17.50 to 75
Pants from.. 7.50 to 18
Overcoats . . 17.50 to 75
Give your order, wait a day, try on, wait
a few more days for alterations (If any) and
the clothes are finished. Samples and
measuring guide mailed on request.
THE OLDJOCTOR !
Consult him If you are troubled with unpleas-
ant dreams which make you arise unrefreshed
In the morning;, causing Forgetfulness, De-
spondency, Lame Back. Headache, Letrache,
Deposits in Urine, Subject to Hlu*-s and many
other symptoms of Nervous Debility brought on
ult him If you are tri>uble<l with unpleas-
reams which make you arise unrefreshed
• murnlnsr. causing Forg^tfulness, De-
eney. Lai no Hark. Heiula'-he, Legache.
Its in Urine, Subject to Hlu*-s ami many
symptoms of Nervous Debility brought on
by excesses.
We cure where others fall all Contagious Dis-
eases and Weaknesses of Men.
Consultation Free at office or by letter.
Hours— 9 to 12. 2 to 6, 6:30 to 8. Sunday, 10
W. NORTON DAVIS, M.D.,
318 Kearny Street, San Francisco.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone South 24.
Dealer and Importer of all brands of COKE.
Tards at HOWARD AND BEALE STS.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisine and specific tonlo
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sell* on Its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, AX.FS & BRUNE, Agents,
823 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZARJTHEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY!
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY.
Last Performances of
THE—
WIFE!
ST.".' 15 25c, 35c, 50c
Next Week, David Belasco's Beautiful Drama,
"MAY BLOSSOM."
COMEDY _THEATER.
MATINEE TO DAY— Souvenirs for All!
|§i! CLARA THROPP.
In the Operatic Farce Comedy Success,
"WHERE'S MATILDA."
SOUVENIR MATINEES
MATINEE TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) — MISS
THROPP'S PHOTOGRAPH.
PRETTY GIRLS. CATCHY MUSIC.
BRIGHT AND CLEVER SPECIALTIES.
Next Monday— CLARA THROPP— FIrwt
Time— "THE LITTLE HUSSAR."
EVENING PRICES 15c. 25c, 85c and 50c.
Seats— Comedy Theater and 710 Market «t.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S BALL.
AN ARTISTIC TRIUMPH.
THIS AFTERNO: N, AT 3 O'CLOCK,
THIRD OF .
THE HEINRICH RECITALS!
MR. AND MRS. MAX HEINRICH AND
MISS JULIA HEINRICH.
Interpreters of the Classics In Song!
IRMAN. CLAY AND $1 00. HALL
AN ARTISTIC TRIUMPH.
i AFTERNO N, AT 3 O'CLOCK
THIRD OF
THE HEIINRICH RECITALS J
R. AND MRS. MAX HEINRICH AND
MISS JULIA HEINRICH.
Interpreters of the Classics In Song!
PRICES, 760 AND « 00.
SEATS ON SALE at Sherman, Clay & Co.'
Music Hou"
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, AT 2 P. M.
SWIMMING RACES
FOR VALUABLE PRIZES,
And Muslo by the OAULOIBE BAND.
ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN, Be.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. to 6 p. m.
GLEN PARK— MISSION ZOO!
CONCERT SUNDAY. OCTOBER a3,
Commencing at 1:80 p, m.
TRIAL TRIP of new BALLOON, the GUn
Park, at 3 p, m.
Children's Playgrounds, Baal Lakes, Aviary
Squirrel Cage, Morro Castle and .
Other Attractions.
ADMISSION FREE FOR THIS DATE.
Take San Mateo electric cars. Mission, Va-
lencia and Butter street cars transfer to this
Una. .;..
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY— 50c and 75c.
EVERY EVENING. INCLUDING SUNDAT,
Augustin Daly's Comedy,
LOVE IN HARNESS.
As Presented by the
FRA WLEY CO. and BLANCHE BATES
ALL THIS MATINEE SATURDAY.
Prices— 2sc, 60c, Too and $1.
Next Monday, "THE PRISONER OFZENDA."
TVOTTF 1 Friedlander, Gottlob & Co. an-
llV/ I nounce that the CALIFORNIA
THEATER will reopen for the season TO-
MORROW, Sunday night. The attraction will
be the drama, "THE SPAN OF LIFE." pre-
sented by Win. Calder'a splendid Eastern Com-
pany, at the Now California Theater scale of
prices— 25c, 35c and 50c. Seats now ready.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
THE REAL FUNNY BOYS,
MATHEWS AND BULGER,
Direction of Dunne and Ryley, In
Their New Rag Time Opera, .
I THE SAD SEA WAVES!
MATINEE TO-DAY.
THE REAL FtTNNT BOYS,
ATHEWS AND BULGER,
Direction of Dunne and Kyley, In
Their New Rag Tirre Opera,
? THE SAD SEA WAVES!
Company of 85, embracing NELLIE HAW-
THORNE and JOSIE DE WITT.
Coming "SOWING THE WIND."
T\l f\ r r F7 Friedlander, Gottlob & Co. an-
il \J 1 l-»nounce that the CALIFORNIA
THEATER will reopen for the season TO-
MORROW, Sunday niprht. The attraction is to
be "THE SPAN OF LIFE." a drama of great
strength, presented by Wm. Calder's Company.
The New California Theater scale of prices—
l&c, 25c, 35c and EOe. Seats now ready.
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY, OCT. 22.
Parquet, any seat, 26c. Balcony, 10c Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
MR. AND MRS. EDWIN MILTON
ROYLE AND COMPANY
In "CAPTAIN IMPUDENCE" condensed to
one act.
FELIX AND BARRY, Comedy Stars.
RAY BURTON, Equilibrist and Shooting Star.
LOUIS M. GRANAT, Unique Whistler.
MARY NORMAN, Society Caricaturist.
JOHNSON AND DEAN. Darktown Aristocracy
HOWARDS COMEDY PONIES.
CARP"? BROTHERS, Gymnasts.
BIOGRAPH. new views.
NEXT WEEK— ROSSOW MIDGETS, JOHN
C. RICE, SALLY COHEN and Others.
MOROSOO'SGRANBS
iflUi&Upl/U 3 UiiMi U house
V alter Mouosco, Sole Lessee and .Manager
FOURTH WEEK OP
JAMES M. BROPHY.
Initial Production of the Thrilling Drama,
STRAIGHT FROM THE HEART!
AN ENTRANCING STORY
EXQUISITE SPECTACULAR EFFECTS!
SEE the deck of the S. S. Mistletoe and de-
struction of vessel by fire. Details of a French
execution. The guillotine.
POPULAR PRiCES "Telephone Green 861.
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . iOc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Manager.
MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON.
at 2 o'clock, and
THIS EVENING.
LAST TIMES. LAST TIMES.
L MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON,
at 2 o'clock, and
THIS EVENING.
LAST TIMES. LAST TIMES.
Of the Merry Operatic Fantasie,
"THE
CIRCUS QUEEN r
NEXT WEEK.
Regal Revival of Lecocq's Masterpiece,
"GIROFLE-GIROFLA I"
Popular Prices WEEK. and 50 Cents.
Regal Revival of Lecocq's Masterpiece,
"GIROFLE-GIROFLA I"
mlar Prices "5 and 50 Cents.
N. B.— Reserved Seat for the Matinee, 26c
Our Telephone — Bush 9.
OLYMPIA, c 0 "12- y .
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
ONLY FREE THEATER PLAYING EAST-
ERN STARS.
COTTON AND MOLL,
Great Triple Bar Artists.
Direct From Tony Pastor's,
HELEN MIRAMAR,
The Chic Soubrette. '
F. F. FREDRICHS,
Celebrated Lyric Tenor.
The Great Eastern Favorite, ',-...'
MISS IRENE FRANKLIN,
New Songs and Impersonations.
MISS GEORGE McDERMOT
• Parisian Dancer.
MADELINE and Others.
MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION FREE.
FINEST OFJTHE YEAR !
MASQUERADE
BALL !
IIASQUERADE
BALL !
CALIFORNIA STATE PROTECTIVE AS-
SOCIATION OF LIQUOR DEALERS.
ODD FELLOWS 1 HALL, SAN FRANCISCO.
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 12.
Prizes for most original costume: best patri-
otic costume; best sustained character; hand-
somest dressed lady.
Alcazar Orchestra, Edward Lada, leader, will
furnish music. McKenzle Musical Society of
125 lady voices will render three selections at
midnight.
Grand March at 9 o'clock. Tickets $1.
NOTICE!
Taxes Doe Upon Assessments
I NOTICE
ces Dae Upon Assessments
Made by the State Board
of Equalization.
CONTROLLER'S DEPARTMENT. STATE OB»
California. Sacramento. October 13. 1893. ■
In accordance with the provisions of Section
SG6S of the Political Code, notice Is hereby
given that I have received from the Stata
Board of Equalization the "Duplicate Record
of Assessments of Railways" and the "Dv«.
plicate Record of Apportionment of Railway
Assessments," containing the assessment*
upon the propert'- of each of the following-
named associations or corporations as fixed
by the said State Board of Equalization for
the year IS9S. to wit:
California Pacific Railroad Company, Central
Pacific Railroad Company, Northern Califor-
nia Railroad Company. Northern Railway
Company, South Pacific Coast Railroad Com-
pany. Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
Southern California Motor Road Company.
San Francisco and North Pacific Railway
Company, Southern California Railway Com-
pany, Santa Fe Pacific Ra,iroad Company.
North Pacific Coast Railroad Company, San
Francisco and San Joaqulu Valley Railway,
Company, Nevada County Narrow Causa
Railroad Company, Carson and Colorado
Railroad Company, Nerada-Callfornla-OTeson
Railway Company, Pujaro Valley Consoli-
dated Railroad Company. Pacific: Coast Rail-
way Comoany, Alameda ar.d Ban Joaiiutn
Railroad Company. Oualala River Railroad
Company, California and Nevada Railroad
Company, Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia, Sierra Valleys Railway Com. any, Ban
Francisco and Ban Mateo Electric Railway
Company and Pullman's Palace Car Com-
pany.
The State and County tare* on all personal
property, and one-half of the - State anil
county taxes on all real property, are now
due and payable »nd will I- < delinquent on
the last Monday in November next, at at*
clock P. m., and unions paid to the State
Treasurer nt the Capitol prior thereto, fly»
per cent will .be added to amount thereof
and unless so paid on or before the last Mon-
day In April next, at six o nock p. m-, an
additional five per cent will be added to the
amount thereof.
The . remaining one-half of State and county
taxes on all real property will •be due and
payable after the first Monday In Janu-
ary next, and. will be delinquent on the
last Monday in April next at ant o'clock
■p. m., and unless - paid to the State
Treasurer at the Capitol prior thereto, fly«
per cent will be added to the amount thereof.
ii P. OOLQAN, State Controller.
78
GAME PROTECTION
IS A
GREAT NECESSITY
A change in the -weather should vastly
Improve marsh and upland shooting. The
■wild ducks anxiously looked for by an
army of local gunners have not yet put
in an appearance in numbers sufficiently
large to guarantee what could be
good sport. Oc<.asior.ally bags of from
ten to twenty birds have been made dur
ing the past week by sportsmen who
have shot on the grain tit-Ids adjacent to
Sherman Island at evening and at early
morning, but as a rule duck-shooting has
been very poor since the opening of the
season. As already stated, the recent
change in the weather may bring about
gvod results.
A letter to The Call from a sports
man resident of Carson, Nevada,
•■feat mark< : hunters to the i
fifty ".a-u camped" on the borders of
Pyramid Lake and will open slaughter on
,-oon as the weather
shall have become sufficiently cool to
guarantee a safe shipment or game to
the markets.
As quail are very scarce this year, the
of several counties are either
closing the season for shooting altogether
or limiting it to a f< w months.
In last Saturday's Call a statement was
made to the effect that night shooting
•was indulged in to a large extent on the
night prior to the opening of thy season
in the vicinity of the Alameda Club pre
serve. However, In justice to the mem
bers of the Alameda Club, it must be said
thai they took no part in the fusillade on
the feathered tribe. In fact the club has
a rule which makes night shooting: by any
member punishable, and this Is a rule
■which all clubs should strictly adhere to,
as moonlight shooting Is more destruc
tive to £he sport than anything thai can
be imagined, not excepting market shoot
ing in daylight; There are, however, some
market hunters who are located in the
vicinity of McG ill's station, who shoot at
all times, and last year they greatly ham
pered the sport of the true sportsman. If
the Supervisors of Sonoma ordain that
game must not be shipped out of the
county a quick stop will be put to Mr.
Market Hunter ana his indolent ways of
living.
The following letter on shooting and the
necessity of game protection should in
terest all lovers of field sports:
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 20. IS3S.
Editor of The Call: Game In California Is de
creasing alarmingly. The decrease is beyond
the belief of the people who have not made
the subject a study. 1 feel that it is safe to
Bay that in the buy counties and the country
that Is contiguous to railroads, where the lares
from this city are cheap, the decrease has
been aim 75 per cent within the last live
years. Unless there is nwre effective protec
tion there •will be an almost absolute exterm
ination of game within a short time.
This question of game preservation Is bo
diversified that to advance a theory in the
face of the many interests at stake is almost
certain to cause adverse criticism,
The many ways and efforts that have been
made to legislate In this direction, and the re
sults achieved, show clearly how difficult It la
to Create a law to suit all.
It is ......... at least 23, 000
.votaries of the gun in this State whose ideas
on this subject are as varied as the weapon
they use, and to conciliate these various ideas,
fo as to do the most tjood, seems to be the
duty of every true sportsman.
The most effective way to preserve game Is
to curtail its destruction. Different kinds re
quire different treatment.
The upland game of California consists of
valley quail, mountain tjuall and grouse. The :
trapper is their great enemy. Stop his rascally
work and for the rest the quail will take care i
or" themselves.
For the northern counties th» open season
should be for the months of October, Novem
ber, December and January, for the southern
counties a month €-arlier would be permissible,
but the close season should commence all over
the State on the Ist of February, or at least on
the 15th. A clearly defined law should exist
that no Fame Fhould be introduced from the
southern counties into the northern count at
any time that it would be unlawful to kill the
same in said counties.
For water fowl and snipe I should be. In favor
of opening the season on the Ist day of Octo
ber and closlr.E on the last of February of
each year.
The use of sink boxes, decoys, baiting ponds,
netting- and other artificial devices should b«
prohibited, aa these are simply a system of
trapping by which some persons can destroy a
greater number of birds than is necessary for
any reasonable being.
Game, being the property of the State, should
lie utilized for the benefit of any citizen who
wishes to engage in the health-giving exer
cise of its pursuit, without distinction of class
or condition, and no person should be allowed
to acquire property in th* same by any subter
fuge such as leasing the shooting privileges of
the marshes or any other lands, purely and
eimpiy that wealthy individuals could have ex
clusive control of the came on the most de
sirable shooting grounds. It Is this selfish de
sire of a few that ha» prevented the enact
ment of a pood protective gam« law in the
past, and will do bo in the future until a more
generous sentiment prevails among all lovers
of field sport.
In the destruction of quail, the country peo
ple are the ones that destroy bevies and bevies
by trapping-. In these traps they catch entire
tevles. wher°as the city sportsman go*« out
and frives the birds an equal chance with his
pun. This season especially is a hard one for
quail, (■wins,' to the dry season. The birds
have not raired to any extent, and If
Fomsthing- is not done in the near future In
reeard to shortening the quail season th!-= year
quail will not appear next season in their old
time form.
The destruction of ducks Is mostly done by
th» men of th<> hip preserve!" and market' hunt
ers. They really destroy more birds than any
other sportsmen.
However, th» matter may be taken Into con
sideration In this way: The present laws are
ampry sufficient to protect ■m<> of this State.
If they are properly enforced, but there can »>9
no pn per enforcement of them as lone as the
country people feel as they do now In the mut
ter. Tours truly, W. G. F.
Among the rail hunters -who went out
from this city last Saturday and Sunday,
the first days of the open season in San
ilateo County, one of the most successful
parties was that entertained by the genial
Frank E. Benjamin .-:: his snooting shanty
In Redwood City. Some 200 rail fell to the
guns of the party. As a rule, bags were
email, and every one reported rail as very
scarce on the south bay marshes this
year. The well-known taxidermist and
naturalist, Charles LJttlejohn of Redwood
City, who has made collections for the
Smithsonian Institution at Washington,
gives as his opinion ihat several extreme
high tides last May which completely
flooded the marshes washed out the nests
and destroyed most of the eggs and young
birds. Those who enjoyed the delightful
hospitality of their generous host, Ben
jamin, were: Jim O'Brien, "Bob Evans"
femith. Jack Ford. J. F. Lebaney, Arthur
H. Crane, K. 1.. Hathorn and Nick Stur
lza. O'Brien was high gun, having some
fifty-one rail and two teal to his credit.
One of the strangest as well as the wis
est provisions of nature Is that which pro
tects a doe deer, as well as some other
female animals, from enemies of the car
nivorous species during the period when
the offspring is very young. Between the
toes of all the feet will be found a hoie,
which extends into the foot about an inch,
terminating in a sack, in which is secreted
a musk or scent of a very strong odor.
Ordinarily, when the deer is walking, the
air is forced in and out of this opening, and
leaves enough scent in each track to en
able a dog or wolf to follow it for several
hours after it has been made; but me
foot of the doe is changed for several
months after the fawn la born. Th»
elands— glands they are — up, and
there Is not a bit of odor in the track,
and no dog— not even the best deerhound —
is able to follow the trail. Many good
hounds have lost their reputations by fail
ing to follow the trail of a female bear
•with cubs, and perhaps a deer also. .rind
now that the. subject is at hand, one
might well wonder If other things are pro
tected in like manner.
— o
ACTIVE LIFE ON
THE TENNIS COURTS
Although there are no tournaments on at
the various clubs about the bay, tennis
has been very popular -with the players
and the enthusiasts who watch the games
for pastime. At the California Club there
•were a number of special matches during
the week between the Whitneys. George
Bradshaw, the enlisted volunteers. Dr.
Boot, Harry Weihe and Walter Magee
who has once again returned to the rack
et pastime.
Bradshaw and Root played six hard sets
with an equal division of honors. Rob
ert N. Whitney and Harry Wei he played
a few close sets in which the former
won out easily. Robert N. Whitney and
Harry TV*) he played George Whitney and
Walter Magee in a three-set match, in
which the former proved the winner of
the odd.
The ladies' continuous tournament Is
progressing and some very interesting
matches are played . dally. Miss Alice
Hoffman, Miss Bowman, Miss Mason and
Miss Hunter were out on the courts dur
ing the week and some very hotly
matched games resulted.
THE FIELD OF SPORT
BASEBALL MEN
WHO
SPEAK UNTRUTHS.
There was published recently an extract
. Herald, purporting to 1"'
an Interview with Manager Ilanlon of the
: iore Club. In this he accuses me
of writing h'.^ an insulting letter, during
the time allotted to the signing of players.
Mr. Hanlon and his Baltimore organs
have said many things that are untrue
since they discovered it impossible to
■ me into signing a contract for the
n Just passed, all of which I have
looked upon us either spite or nonsense.
When Mr. Hanlon, however, accuses me
of writing him an insulting letter he tells
an untruth that I deem it expedient to cor
rect. The only letters he ever received
from me wore sent in the month of Febru
ary last. 1 was then doing business with
him in a purely baseball way, and in the
aatui : things an exchange of
sary. Mr. Hanlon opened
: -■ by sending me a batch of
. ng for $210".'. about Febru
ary 9. As I had already estimated ray
worth at $3000, this comparltlvelv small
■ considered. Mr. Hanlon,
earing from me within a month from
the time his rirst letter arrived, sent an
same contracts Inclosed,
with a note acquainting me with the
fact that he had already sent me con
tracts and they must have gone astray. I
then sent him the following letter, which
he ■■lalms was insulting:
Mr. Edward Hanlon, Manager Balti
more Ball Club, Baltimore, Md.— Dear
Sir: Your letter of the 15th lnst. contain
ing Inclosed contracts and duplicates for
and fixing my compensa
at $2100, has been duly received. In
reply I herewith return your contracts,
in duplicate, without my signature. I
aiso received your letter, with contracts,
mailed about the first of January, but as
your offer fell $900 and expenses from San
Francisco to Baltimore and return, below
the estimate which I place upon my ser
vici b, I deemed it inexpedient to open up
negotatlons on the subject. Your second
. however, reminds me thar you are
entitled to some sort tare . as a mat
ter of courtesy. Respectfully,
JOE CORBETT.
The foregoing letter is a copy of the
one I sent >Mr. Hanlon, and It is th« only
letter he ever received from me. If it Is
insulting in any r< spect I am at a loss to
see where, and trust he will be more
pointed and state through the Baltimore
aces. Mr. Hanlon further
a in his interview that he sent m^ a
very curt reply; that the Baltimore team
::)>• a telegram asking me to join
and that he never gave me a
thought.
■ rirst two s1 are correct; the
third 1 know nothing of and care very
little. In regard to the "curt reply," I
wish • hat baseball managers in
doing business with young players intimi
ssurlng the "oor unfortu
by letter, i-f course, that they
never could pitch or play. aB the case may
be, and in nine cases out of ten secure
their services for a song. Mr. Hanlon
tried this ancient experiment on me. His
"curt reply" to me embraced the fact
that "I wasn't so good" and that "there
others just as Rood, if not bettor,"
and that "I could go chase myself around
;i few city Mocks." and that I ought to
consider myself lucky to get a salary at
all. This ended all negotiations so far as
I was concerned, and no words of love
were exchanged by cither of us until the
mores went to Boston and were de
feated three straight games. Hughes had
an off day and w;ts batted all over the
lot; the other pitchers received the same
treatment, and it looked blue for Mr.
Hanlon.
It was then I received the telegram
from the Baltimore players, which reads
as follows:
"Hanlon will give you $40-1 month, com
mencing May 15. We, the boys, want
help us win that four thousand.
Come and make two thousand. Answer
my expense. Leave to-morrow night.
"CLARK."
I answered Mr. <'lark. who is one of
rs, that I had m?t Hanlon half
and could do no more. I have
heard from him since, or his players, and
they have never heard from me. Next
Mr. Hanlon may or may not Bend
contract. If he docs it will not
even receive a reply, as I have long since
given up baseball, and would advise him
to waste no time figuring on me. I would
also advise him to discontinue accusing
me of things that ar^ not true. Of course
he cannot be blamed for thinking of that
tnt that might have been his. but
he should not go so far as to say that I
him insulting messages, for I am
not in the habit or doing such freakish
things. if he is now seeking an oppor
tunity to cover up his inferior judgment
he should know that a man is not going
to stand idly by and listen to all these
rts without a murmur. And the next
time 1 read where Mr. Hanlon says he
d me well I shall mention some un
derhand things he did to me— things that
will reflect no credit on him I am sure. —
By Joe Corbett.
A BENCH SHOW OF
ST. BERNARD AND COLLIES
The proposition to holfl a bench show
of St. Bernards and collies seems to be
taking definite shape. Ideas, however.
have expanded, like the American pos
.s since Dewey boomed "Old Glory"
In Manila. Kay. It Is now proposed to hold
-sporting <!ogs early in
December, under the auspices of the
ally clubs remaining loyal to the
American Kennel <:iub. The Fox Terrier,
St. Bernard and Mastiff clubs will unite
in the project, and it is understood that
the San Francisco Kennel Club will lend
powerful aid. The probabilities are that
George Bell of Menlo Park will be in
vited to Judge.
The danger of overworking candidates
I for field trial honors is so grave that
1 owners may well take warning frorr^John
E. de Ruyter's late unfortunate experi
i ence. That gentleman, with a couple of
friends, was out among the canyons near
Pleasanton last Sunday, hunting the fes
tive quail. He had a couple ol his Bet
, ters with him, one being trie well-known
<;i>-;i.m's Ruth. This bitch is an Inde
: fatlgable hunter, ranges freely and i.s
thoroughly stanch and reliable. It was a
hot day and Kuth, suddenly, almost, with
out warning, keeled over. It was as bad
a rase of sunstroke as could well over
take a dog, and it has been possible, only
by dint of unremitting care and attention.
to save her life. Ruth is now out of
I danger, but is still extremely weak.
The directors of the Pacific Coast Field
1 Trials Association meet this afternoon to
decide on the stakes to be run and the
Judge to be selected. It is almost a fore
gone conclusion that Mr. Mrrriman will
again be Invited to fill the latter office,
the preference of a majority of the mem
! hers being loudly expressed in his favor.
j It is nearly settled that in addition to
! the Derby and all-age, a members' stake
will be offered, to be limited to members
i of the Pacillc Coast Field Trials Associa
tion only, and also a champion stake, to
consist of two-hour heats. This hitter
will afford a con%'inclng trial of a dog'a
stamina.
Distemper has appeared in the Menlo
Kennels. Mr. Bell has received an offer
to resume the management; if he ac-
Is there can be no doubt that the
use will soon be stamnfd out.
. V. W. d'Evelyn Is gaining fame and
v by his- lectures in New York on his
■V. -ry of "Equlslne." He has also
i the recipient of many invitations
c the guest of the different Eastern
lei associations, and a special meet
of the American Kennel < 3ub execu
committee is to be held in his honor.
Mr. Vredenliurgh will, ut last, hear the
views of the Pacific Coast expounded by
an ardent Callfornlan. The doctor has
nuite a habit of speaking his mind, and,
on this occasion, will doubtless Hay what
he thinks.
Ben Bryan of Alnmeda is about to send
Ills Groat Dane bitch, Queen Olga, to
Tuckaho?, N. V. , to be bred to Muss-Ar
nold's champion Sandor yon Imm.
J. P. Norman of Belmont has shipped
a mastiff dog puppy by Chino Don (A.
K. C. S. B. 40560) Ex Lola (A. K. C. S.
B. 37547) to a purchaser in Santa Fe, New
Mexico.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBEH 22, 1898.
SNAP SHOTS
FROM
THE GRIDIRON.
The fourth match of the year and the 1
second between the Olympics and Stan
ford will be fought out this aftsrnoon
at the Recreation grounds, Right h and
Harrison streets. if the club athletes
sink before the onslaughts of the college
men It will be their fourth unbroken de
feat, and there is every possibility of it
happening, although the score will be
smaller than any of the preceding games.
At Palo Alto there is just a tinge of
sable to the football atmosphere, for
things are not what they should bo. The
eleven has made no great progress dur
ing the week— ln fact, it has gone back
slightly, as the match game on Thurs
day afternoon with the soldiers will at
test. The unexpected happened in this
game and it was a surprise, which for
genuineness and wonder Is without equal
in the football affairs of the s<
[owa'a regiment certainly played good
ball, but it was not the kind that lowers
as a general rule the proud banners of
a most successful eleven. Palo Alto's
playing was of the ragged order, lacking
consistency, cohesion and harmony. The
THE PIGSKIN THE FOCUS OF SPORT.
KAARSBERG Practicing Drop Kicks on the Gridiron at Berkeley.
slump is due In some respects to the re
grettable accidents that have been the
portion of the cardinal eleven during the
past two weeks, ever sine- their last en
gagement with the Olympics in San Fran
cisco. Three of the best men on the
team are shelved on account of injuries—
Burmeister, Wilson and Dole -the result
of which is a weakening of the line and
gross crippling to the back field. With
Dole and Burmeister on the side lines the
quartet of backs is reduced to a duo,
having Fisher and Murphy to bear the
brunt of the labors. Fisher, who cap
tains the team and plays right half. Is
the one man on the Stanford team who
is playing what is usually called remark
able ball. His efforts are untiring and
his energy in working up the team to its
pro], or consistency will show good results
before many weeks have passed, though
for the present the team is not playing
the kind of ball it should.
The most noticeable weakness of the
Palo Alto contingency lies in the center
of the line. Accustomed for many years
to the possession of a center trio which
In weight, Btrength and experience was
Incomparably better than any opposition
ever offered it, the team seems lost in
the deep sea with the present center men
who are not extraordinarily weak, but
only so by comparison with what has
gone before. Most of the gains were
made through the center In the fateful
game with the team which wore the col
ors of the lowa regiment. -It is still
early in the season, and this renter will
In all probability develop into a fairly
strong trio before the season is o.c-r. At
any rate it will not be very far behind
that which will fight for the blue and
gold on Thanksgiving day.
Across the bay on the Berkeley campus
another victory has been added to the
glowing list of the Varsity. A score of 33
points against the Kansas Regiment's
eleven is a good .showing and has caused
considerable jubilation among the stu
dents I'ochran has certainly demo good
work with his football aspirants and be Is
continuing the hard daily practice to
which they are subjected. Stanford Is not
alone in accidents to players. Hopper,
who injured hiß knee a few weeks ago,
is suffering severely and will probably
not play for many days to come. \\ hat
was at first thought to be a trifling ueci
dent has developed Into an aggravated
case oi water on the knee, confining the
quarterback to his bed. Hopper was
pluving a good strong game in his posi
tion handling the t^-am In splendid style
and adding much strength to the defen
sive play on the line. His loss will be
great to the blue and gold cloven. To nil
his place It may be necessary to take
Thane from halfback and play
him as quarter. He has experience and
possesses just the qualities tor the posi
tion. The other men, Kerfoot and Woolf,
ar<» practically novices, though Keerfoot
has been playing for two years. Should
Thane go in at quarter that will leave
the right half for Smith and McNab and
ap there is some thought of playing Mc-
Nab tackle, Smith will practically be
alone for this position. Kaarsberg has
been playing at his place In the far back
field, bis kicking Improving slowly and
hIP running in about the same degree.
The Olympics are at their quiet signal
practice ana feel a mite better in spirit.
The eleven, which the club men put on
the field last Saturday, was the strongest
it has mustered up to date. Hobbs was
there and it made a difference. There is
just a chance that he will play to-day. If
lie does he will be in better condition and
the same, gaps which he tore up in the
California line will be reproduced with
a cardinal coloring this afternoon. Other
wise the Olympic lineup will be the same
with the possible exception of a change
at right end, where Mlddlemas may be
found instead of McNutt, who has not
proved much of an addition to the Olym
pic eleven.
It is hardly probable that the same un
pleasant features which marred the game
a week ago will be, seen on the iield this
afternoon. Men who saw Butte play in
their roughest games declare that the
match last Saturday was as replete with
slogging, holding, and general foul play
as was ever witnessed on the icy fields
of Montana, where general mJxups are
common. The Olympics shift the onus
upi □ the C'aliforntans and the Califor
nlane on the club men. Such exhibitions
of football, it was thought, belonged to
the days gone by. Smashed heads and
Rouged eyes are not becoming at this day,
even though worn by football men.
On account of a lack of space the con
sideration of the freshmen elevens of both
colleges will be postponed for a week,
when the young "uns" will cross swords
in their jinnual duel.
The lineup in to-day's game will be as
follows;
Olympic":. Positions. Stanford.
McLalne Left End. Right Parker
Erskme Left Tackle. Right Paris
Hexton Left Guard. Right Blanchard
Handy Center Biglo w
Hobba Rlf.-ht Guard. Left James
Sheehy Right Tackle. Left Rusk
McNutt or Mid
dlemas Right End. Left Smith
Quarter Murphy
Wilson Left H.ilf. Right Fisher
Morse Right Half. Left Emerson
McNevin Full Hill
FOOTBALL AT STANFORD
IN A VERY BAD STATE
According to the following communica
tion from the Stanford University, several
proposed changes in the champion team
of the college will doubtless be made by
the removal of "heartless" players. The
letter reads:
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, October 21.
There never has been In the annals of foot
ball history at Stanford a week of practice
that contained more discouragement to those
who watch the football squad for signs of im
provement. The play throughout has been list
[ess and slumpish. The line has proved a woe
ful disappointment, and there Is a strong sen
timent that most of the men now holding
center places on the first team should be sup
planted, even If new men must be developed nt
this late day. The center trio, Blanchard.
Bigelow and James, have failed to do effective
work when the opportunities have been pre
sented. This weakness at center was particu-
!nr!y noticeable In the game Thursday with the
lowa Volunteers, when long and repeated gains
were made by bucking. The linemen, with the
exception of the ••-..•in. are even more disap
pointing: In offensive work. Until the big game
Coach Cross will use every effort to patch up
the present state of football affairs. Of the
new men out for center positions. Ed Oilman is
showing up exceptionally well. He is quick as
well as big and strong. "Wilson and Ruck are
doing creditably at tackle. The former. It is
thought, can lie developed Into one of the best
tackles Stanford has ever had. Back of the
line the men. owing to experience, are ■bow-
Ing- up to better advantage than most of the
linesmen. Captain Fisher Is playing as hard
a game a." can be expected of him. Murphy is
punting In good form. Dole and Burmister,
who have been doing excellent work in advanc
ing- the ball, are at present laid oft on account
of Injuries.
In speaking of the freshmen team prospects,
Coach Cross laid: "I have never seen so little
spirit displayed by a clasp in Stanford, and I
have seen five classes here. Although Captain
Fisher and myself are out on the field three
quarters of' an hour before Varsity practice,
willing and anxious to coach these freshmen,
they do not meet us half way, and have enough
men on the field to fill out a second eleven.
Unless they get out and work like beavers they
will be unmercifully beaten by the Berkeley
freshmen eleven next Saturday."
The training table has started with the fol
lowing men: Captain Fisher. Blanchard. Big
low. James, Parker. Rea Smith. Murphy, Gll
man. MacKinnon. Erb, McFadden, Hies, Em
erson. Cairns and Fairls. Rusk. Wilson and
Burmister will remain at their present board-
Ing places for a week. The meals are under
the direction of Trainer McLeod. Breakfast
consists of oatmeal, chops, eggs, beefsteak,
fruit, coffee, dry toast and oatmeal water. At
noon the men Ret soup, cold meats, chops, dry
toact, baked potatoes and oatmeal water. Soup,
roast beef, vegetables, dry toast, oatmeal water
and a light dessert Is the fare of the men at
dinner. C. P. CUTTEN.
LAST DAYS OF THE
SEASON FOR YACHTING
Commodore Dr. T. L. Hill has Issued
B postal card to the* members of the
San Francisco Yacht Club, announcing
the postponement of the minstrel per
formance which wns to have been given
;it tho clubhouse at Sausallto or. Octo
ber 29 for the benefit of the club. The
postponement was rendered necessary by
the political engagements of several of
those who had promised their services,
by the Good Roads' parade ami other
counter attractions. The yachting xsea
pon will, therefore, end to-day, ami tho
closing' cruise will be taken to-morrow.
A starting gun will be flrf-cl :it 11:15 a.
m., and further signals will be given from
the flagship. On Sunday, October 30,
Commodore Hill will sail the sloop Cyg
nus to the Corte Madera creek and lay
her up for the winter. Thr> postponed
minstrel show will be given later, either
In the clubhouse at Suusallto or in a
large hall in this city, probably on No
vember 19. Vice Commodore G. T. S.
White will attend the Corinthian closing
jinks to-day.
Last Sunday the Corinthians held the
last upper bay cruise of the season.
The Corinthians will hold their closing
jlrks at Tibumn this evening. After the
regular Corinthian dinner the show will
begin. There will be songs by Frank
Thompson, Ben Tarbox, Oscar Franks, B.
Mitchell, J. Cattacart, the Finnic broth
ers and D. McLaughlin; guitar playing
by the Nounan brothers; banjo playing
and other items. There will also be a
display of lantern slides. The building
of the new boat house has progressed,
and much of the lumber that was piled
around has been cleared away. Those
who wish to return to the city to-night
can take the frri^ht boat from Tiburon.
To-morrow, if there is any breeze, the
fleet will ptart about 11 in the morning
for a cruise along the water front and
toward the head?. On Sunday, October
30, the drawbridge will be opened and the
yachts will go into winter quarters in
the lagoon.
A. D. Harrison and Hervev Darneal
have bought the sloop Idler from T. L.
Miller and added her to the Encinal fleet.
The billiard tournament at the Eneinat
clubhouse has reached the semi-final
round. A. M. Ilicko, 00, plays Thomas
O'Connor, 130, and A. C. Ward, 120, plays
George T. Wright, 100.
Allen M. Clay of the California Yacht
Club, having become the owner of the
sloop Sam Vincent, has re-christened her
Paetolus— a name that seems to suggest
boundless wealth. She is a roomy craft,
being 39 feet 6 Inches over all. with 13
feet 7 inches beam, and a draught of
about 4 feet. She is now on the "ways";
the Inside ballast will be taken out of
her and a 4700 pound Iron keel put on.
FULLER WILL
TRY FOR
CYCLE RECORDS.
George P. Fuller of the Olympic Club
Wheelmen, one of the fastest riders on
the coast, if not the fastest behind pace,
will make another attempt at lowering
records to-morrow on the Elmhurst track.
About a month ago Fuller made some rec
ord trials on the three-lap track at San
Jose and secured three. To-morrow he
will try to lower some of his own exist
ing marks and such others as he feels
able to negotiate. He will try for all dis
tances up to five miles, tandem paced, and
is reasonably sure of adding some more
scalps to his belt.
The Olympic Wheelmen are conducting
the record-breaking contest, and there
will be a large gathering of wearers of the
flying "O" t" witness the attempts. Some
club races will also be put on to fill in the
gaps while Fuller is resting up betweeen
trials. The events will start at 10 a. m.
The Associated Cycling Clubs' theater
party at the Tivoli on Wednesday even
ing, November 2, is just now interesting
the club wheelmen considerably. This
annual ev< Dl serves to bring together all
ttv> various factions, and is an evening of
much pleasure to the riders. Jules F.
Hancock is chairman of the committee in
charge of the event, and arrangements
;ir>- progressing speedily.
Ed Ross Lozter of Cleveland, who has
been on the coast for over a month now
with his bride, will return East to-night.
During hi? stay he has been the reclp
lent of many courtesies at the hands of
the local clubs, with whom he is ex
tremely popular, and his departure is
consequently very much regretted.
A cycling writer in Western Sports
says that Julius Smith, winner of first
time in the rec< nt ten-mile road race,
was "the undisputed champion among
the/ riders of the high wheel along about
1888 and 1889." Wonder if he ever heard
of FYank Klwell or Will Davis?
The members of the California Cycling
Cluh will have an old-time run on high
wheels to-morrow, leaving Stanyan and
Haight streets at 2 p. m. and riding
through the park. The club's handball
tournament will begin Tuesday night.
The Ray City Wheelmen and the San
Francisco Road Club will each hold a
llvt-rnlle road race over the San Leandro
course on Sunday. November 6. and a
large number of members of both clubs
are training for the events.
'The wheelmen are taking considerable
interest in the proposed parade to be held
next Saturday evening, the 29th, to cele
brate the repaying of Market street. The
Associated Cycling Clubs has taken the
matter in hand in conjunction with other
kindred organizations to whom the re
paying is a blessing. Several valuable
prizes have hern offered the wheelmen for
best appearance, largest club in line, etc..
and there is much friendly rivalry in this
respect among the riders. The Olympic
Club Wheelmen have sent out circulars
to the members urging all to appear in
line in full uniform, i nattached wheel
men will be cared for in the parade, and
the demonstration promises to be the
largest of its kind ever seen here.
H. W. STANDING.
GOLFERS AND THEIR
PLANS FOR NEW GROUNDS
The San Rafael Golf Club will have a
jubilee to-day in celebration of the con
summation of their plans for a new
grounds and clubhouse in one of the pret
tiest spots in the State. The new grounds
of the club will be situated two miles
from the San Rafael station of the San
Francisco and North Pacific Coast Rail
road. As soon as the building which will
house tho golfers is finished the railroad
officials will erect a station to be called
"Golf." which will bo distant from the
links a little over a half mile.
The clubhouse will be patterned after
the most famous home of golfers, the
Morris County Golf Club house. It is
the intention of the San Rafael Club to
lay out an I^-link grounds, the only one
in" the State. The links will be about
360 yards apart and over as tine a stretch
of land as there is in California. The
water supply will be obtained from the
Matin County Water Works, and will be
very plentiful. An immediate survey is
planned, and from the present outlook
the club will be ensconced in the new
home about the beginning of spring.
The San Francisco Golf Club will be in
a condition to enjoy the use of their ren
ovated grounds and the new clubhouse
which will soon be erected, about the
first of the year. To-day a handicap
tournament for men will bo played, post
entries, the prize being a pewter tankard
handsomely ornamented.
On the Oakland links this afternoon
there will be an eight entry tournament.
The schedule for the interclub matches
will have to bo rearranged on account of
the defection of the Burlingame and the
San Hafael clubs. Rafaelltes are suffer
ing from a lack of good players and the
consequent difficulty of forming a team.
The "Blingumites" have no good reason
for their withdrawal from the tourna
ment schedule.
The schedule of the San Francisco Club
for the series of games, lasting from the
early winter to the late spring, is now
in the hands of the printer and will be
ready in a few days.
Women of Woodcraft.
Redwood Circle No. 72, Women of Wood
craft, the recognized auxiliary of Red
wood Camp of the Woodmen of the
World, have arranged an entertainment
and dance for their friends in Friendship
Hall, Odd Fellows' building, on the even-
Ing of Saturday next.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkln sts. Swimming, Russian, , hot
and cold tub baths. water direct from o»>ao.
CHAMPIONS WILL
ROW AT
LONG BRIDGE.
The oarsmen enjoyed themselves thor
oughly at Guerneville. and think the
course on Lake Bohemia an excellent one.
The regatta was quite successful, and
produced some good contests. ') ne ac
commodations for visitors were insuffi
cient, there bring a misunderstanding be
tween the regatta committee and the
Guerneville people with regard to the
number of contestants and officials for
whom accommodations would be needed
It is probable that a regatta will be held
on Lake Bohemia in the early part of
next year; in that case the regatta com
mittee will itself take charge of the work
of securing accommodations for the con
testants.
The defeat of the Alameda Seniors on
Lake Bohemia is attributed by them to
a leaky boat; it is also possible that the>
did not exert themselves to the utmost.
If they really rowed their hard*
would show that their previous vl £-? t „?
are largely to be attributed to the fact or
their having a fast barge. At any rate tt
will make their appearance in the (tom
pionship races interesting. The Dolphins
found two hard races in one day, alter a
long railroad journey and a night of
wakefulness. rather too much.
The Ariels have two crews in training
for the championships: An intermediate
and a junior. The intermediate crew con
sists of H. Wiison. bow; George- Steffens,
No. 2; James McK.-nna. No. 3, and James
Wilson st!"k.-. The junior crew is made
up thus: E. McDonough, bow; A. liaugn
ton No. 2; \Y. Oechsle, No. 3. and E.
Lynch, stroke. Oechsle rowed in the
Turners' crew at the Ariel regatta on
June 12. A senior barge crew, consisting
of W. Howe, F. Wilson. K. Ellis and J.
Nolan, may possibly be got together.
Either Frank Wilson or George "\\ . Phe
lan will enter the senior skirt race; if
Phelan does not row in the skiff he will
probably pull in the shell race. Of the
Junior skiff men, J. Fickert and Jam. s
McKenna am the most promising. The
Ariel Club entertainment and dance will
take place in Union-sauare Hall on Thurs
day night. October 27. A good programme
has been arranged.
The South Ends are actively preparing
for the championship regatta. Dr. C. C.
Dennis has begun training for the senior
skiff race, and hopes to retain the cham
pionship. J. Foley wishes that he had
t;tk»n a shell up to Lake Bohemia, iit
will enter the senior shell race at Long
Bridge. The "midget" barge crew w.il
probably be broken up, as the association
threatens to disc4uallt"y R. McArthur; but
a senior barge crew has been made up of
James Pallas (bow), M. Breen i No. 2).
George Bates cNo. 3) and Ed Scully
(stroke). J. Lyons will enter the Junior
skiff race. Now that the club has a new
skiff its scullers are on equal terms with
those of the other clubs. The South Ends
will not send in any intermediate barge
crew but a junior tour v.: t ot w.
Barry. Charles Jenkins. Victor Roster and
Tom' Hail. the seats they will occupy not
being yet Bettled. Preparations are being
made for the South Ends' entertainment
in Union-square Hal! on November 1.
some excellent talent having been en
gaged.
No club w'll be better represented at
the Long Bridge regatta than th« Pio
neers, who will send in junior, interme
diate and senior barge crews and entries
in the Junior and senior .skiff races. Be
sides these, George Collopy will paddle in
a canoe and may also pull an outrig-ged
skiff The Pioneer junior crew, which de
feated the Dolphins, after the latter had
beaten the Alameda seniors by six lengths.
will train faithfully for the championship
among the juniors, and may try for tae
intermediate championship as well.
The. Dolphin Junior barge crew has
broken up but the intermediate four will
row at Long Bridge. They have been
taking a rest, but will go out for practice
to-morrow morning. ......
The Alameda seniors are said to be in
different to their defeat at Guerneville,
and intend to retain their place as the
senior champions. Now that the brothers
Lewis have returned from Vallejo a new
Junior barge crew may be made up rom
posed or C Ayers. B. Guild, G. Lewis and
possibly Otto RiehL The present juniors
are not workers, and do not practice reg
ularly or train carefully.
Though several members of the Triton
Boat Club went up to Guerneville. none of
them was seen in any event. A, F.
Schuppert had entered in the junior skiff
race, but did not pull.
The regatta committee of the Pacific
Association of the Amateur Athletic
Union held a meeting in this city Tuesday
evening. The following were present: w.
C Espy (Pioneer Rowing Club, chairman;
S" J Pembroke (Alameda Boat Club). J.
R. Bookman (Ariel Rowing ciubi. secre
tary; Augustus Schimnf (Triton Boating
Club) A B. Rothkopr (Dolphin Boating
Club), and Julius W. Morton of the Olym
pic Boat Club.
The annual championship regatta to be
held at Long Bridee Sunday. November
6 was discussed. The programme will
include the following events: Senior and
junior single shell races, senior and ju
nior outrigged skiff races: senior inter
mediate and Junior barge races. The en
tries for rill these events will close Mon
day evening. October 31. with A. P. Roth
kopf. 20S Sutter street.
The committee decided that admission
to Long Bridge shall be free, and it is ex
pected that a larger crowd will be at
tracted than has been seen at a regatta
for several years past.
A platform will be erected on Long
Bridge and those who have donated
prizes or money to the regatta will be
introduced to the spectators and invited
to speak in the intervals between the
races. Upon a large roll of cloth will be
emblazoned the names of donors of med
als or subscriptions, and a list of the
donors will be sent to every member of
the clubs enrolled in the Pacinc Associa
tion.
CITY VERSUS COUNTRY
ON THE CRICKET FIELD
The Placer County Citrus Colony crick
eters,-who have been touring through Lake
County, reached San Francisco yesterday.
They played three matches in Lake Coun
ty—against Bruns Valley at Lower Lake |
on October 19, againnt the Lakeport j
Cricket Club at Lakeport on October 20. i
and against Lake County at Lakeport or.
Ostober 21. The results of the first two
matches were given in yesterday's Call,
and the account of the third will be
found In to-day's issue. The team,
which is one man short, consists of the
following players: C. Simmonds, H. A.
Butt, C. K. Turner, R. Marsh-Browne,
W. Petherlck, W. B. Paul, P. E. Cole
man. J. Harding. A. T. Chute and H. S.
Turner. •
To-day the visitors from Placer County
will play against the Alameda eleven,
champlo'ns of 1898 and winners of the
Hunter Harrison cup. on the Webster
street grounds at Alameda. The Ala
meda team will be chosen from the fol
lowing: R. B. Hogue. J. H. Saunders.
J. J. Moriarity. F. J. Croll, H. Bird, J. J. ;
R. Peel, F. C. Driffleld. V. Seebeck, G. I. |
Baugh, E. Hood. I. H. Spiro, F. S. Price.
C. Banner, H. Ward and F. Stahl. Play
will begin at 11 a. m., and stumps will
be rlrawn at 5 p. m.
To-night the Alameda and Pacific clubs
will jointly entertain the Placer County
men at dinner at Frank's Rotisserie.
To-morrow the visitors will try con
clusions against the Pacific eleven at
Golden Gate ground. The representatives j
of the Pacific Club will be chosen from
the following: George Theobald. J. J.
Theobald, Fane Sowell. E. F. Musson, J.
Myera, T. W. G. Wallace, C. P. Coles,
J. H. Harbour, H. P. G. Gordon, J. H.
McLe&n, C. Baylor and H. H. Cookson.
It was intended that a match should be
played on Monday, October 24, on the
Alameda ground between the Placer
County team and an eleven from San
Jose, but it is doubtful whether the Gar
den City cricketers will be able to put a
team In the field.
Alice Rix Writes About the King
of the Sleuths, in next Sunday's Call.
EASTERN DOGS
AT THE
INGLESIDE PARK.
Ever on the alert to make affairs pleßa
ant for their patrons, the managers of the
Ingleside Coursing Club contemplate hav
ing several improvements made In the
park in the near future. Recently the
club expanded considerable money in such
improvements as were deemed necessary.
It will be remembered by leashmen that
because of a depression in the field Im
mediately In front of the sllpner's stand
and about one hundred and fifty yards
distant from the point where the dogs
are slipped, hares have escaped from their
pursuers, the dogs running unsighted.
This drawback to coursing will soon be
only a matter of past history, as men are
now at work leveling the high ground
and filling in the hollow adjacent to the
fence which skirts the west side of tht,
grounds.
As stated in The Call of yesterday, the
drawing for the meetings of to-day and
to-morrow at Ingleside brought forth a
gaiaxy of fliers which cannot fail to at
tract a large gathering of sport lovers to
the park within which they will cut a
"Among the celebrities are some recent
importations from the other side of tha
big mountains which will ne*-d war.
notwithstanding that th*-y may be con
sidered not yet acclir.
Now a course in which much interest
is certain to be mai will be that
between Mulcaster's Fleet Wings and J.
Dean's Connemara. Fleet Wings arrived
recently with I - White
Diamond, and Mr. Mulcaster is of the
opinion that luck Is .- mewhat against
him owing to the fact t:.;- - both of h
cently acquired dogs have been drawn
against very hard . me, but he
says: "L^t the win; there arw
other days."
White Diamond is a bitch of a!
pounds weight, and .
Say as she was when she ran and de
feated Patria at the St. Louis Fair
grounds she may si.:
Of Gladiator, who will unquestionably be
a strong favorite in the betting.
A very good betting course should be
that between Lass o1o 1 Gowrle und X
It is hard to say whicn of the two uoga
will reach game first, but should the hart»
prove to be a "stayer," Eclipse will d
less win the flag which cast
Pat Kirby should beat Phoenix; Lady
Jane should also beat Nellie Daly. Hot
Stuff and Jimmy Cork will excite their re
spective backers, as both dogs are ■
matched. Forget, Royal Buck and Brutus*
should win colors. , . ,
Mind Your Eye is a dog that has be*n,
rusticating in this climate fur the past
six months, but he has never entered tne
slips at a coursing meeting since he left
his former home. W. McGibbon has been
training him for thia meeting, and looks
wise when asked what the Ejes
chances will be against Occidental. But
local sports have received such a liberal
amount of singeing because of their fancy
for playing Eastern dogs of record which
have proved of little account here that in
all probability "the Eye will sell long
Sh Wha e tever O Mfn-d Your Eye is capable of
doing, it would be just as well for bettors
to keep an eye open when Kerrj Uow
meets Hooper's Koolawn. This noted
Irishman by name is fast getting to the
front Last Sunday he ran a poor race
against Beau Peep when complete
of condition, but. according to latest re
ports the Gow dopr is very liable to give
doubtless defeat
Master Jack, and possibly may be among
Bonita e will doubtless i seli on ttus short
end against Lissak, the unreliable, and
if In form should win.
\ course That should prove very inter
esting will be that between Log Boy ar.l
Flying Buck, and It will be take your
choice, gentlemen.
High Born Lady is fast rounding- into
form and may lower the colors of Glen-
F C Sullivan i.<= anxious to match his
dog Kilkenny Girl against Trant's Killar
n«v Lass for a reasonable sum, best two
out of thre ecourses, to be decided in eith
er of the parks.
Bob Hooper, the owner of the fast Koo
lawn. Is getting- r-sdy for a trip ta Hono
lulu. _ . . ,
The Interstr^te Coursing Club now feels
satisfied that t will escape the hot wave
•when it meets on the great plains of Mer
ced on November 1. Between now and the
day on which the sportsmen will
slaughter on the great short-tail sprint
ers of the sand dunes, there- will certainly
be an opening of old Jupiter"? flood grates.
A few good showers will vastly lmi
the sport as the dry and hot sands are
most injurious to the feet of a dog, burn
ing the pad? and otherwise destroying
his chances of success. There will douht
fss be a large gathering in attendance
om all points where coursing is enjoyed,
he drawing will take plare in this city
on October 29; it is limited to sixty-four
docs.
Two thousand dollars will be divided In
prizes among the winners.
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.
This afternoon, on the Presidio ground,
the Oakland Association football team
will play a match against the Presidio
eleven, made up of Washington volunteers
and men of the Fourth Cavalry. The ball
will be kicked oft* at 3:30, and there will
be two halves of thirty minutes each.
The line-up will be as follows:
Presidio. Position. Oakland.
Walsh Goal-keeper Taylor
Robertson and Backs Bradley and
Bell Yon Helm
Barclay Left Pack McKenzie
Dimmick Center Half Lacki^
Smith Risrht Half Warren
Burnett and Left Forwards. ... Bo rli and
Farrell C. Pomeroy
ifcQivea Center Forward Hunter,
(Captain)
Smith and Right Forwards Chambers
Williamson and Frfckstad
Reserve Sellander
The Vampires will hold a practice game
this afternoon on the Golden Gate ground.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
At« s FA 'L Cn
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strength through his new
and original system of treatment
RUPTIIRI! cured by his new meth-
od, without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and perma-
nent cure. VARH'OfEl.K.hydro-
cele, swelling and tenderness of the
glands treated with unfailing success.
Contng-iou* blood poison in any
of its stages thoroughly eradicated
from the system, l>a«Ile<» will receive
special attention for their many ail-
ments. WRITE if you cannot call.
No charge for advice by mail. He will
also send you a valuable book, "Guide
to Health." free of charge. Address
F. L. WE ANY, M. D., 737 Market
street. San Francisco, Cal.
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
THIS SATURDaTaND SUNDAY.
A GREAT EVENT!
AN OPEN STAKE!
December 6 and 6— PUPPY and OPEN
6XA KES.
October 29 and 30— A Sapling and an Open
■ Entrance fee to each stake will be W 80.
To reach the Ingleuide Coursing Park tak* a
Mission-street car and It will land you at th»
sates.
ADMISSION, 25 CENTS. LADIES 1 FREH. /
IfcTfiAffirMtTl huArl m -mTi ■ mmiuu n idlii in i r^fTHE RACING
SEASON WILL
SOON BE HERE
The Eastern Stables
Tardy in Arriving.
JOCKEY DEVIN IN DEMAND
WILL THE TOUTS' COARSE WORK
AGAIN BE TOLERATED?
Moringa Has Proved a Bonanza for
His Owner — La Goleta Will Be
Hard to Beat — Other
Chat.
i .1- If
■ :,s :i !
■
. hia should
owned, with possibly an exception or
two. by local turfmen. Good fat purses ■
are offered by the California Xockey Club
and these owners of mediocre racing ma
tt-rial should n.ake hay while the sun
shines. The programme f"i" the first two
weeks at the track over the bay has been
dubbed a trifle too ','high class" by some
of the more exacting managers of horse
flesh, but Kntry Clerk Ik wden says he al
ready has the card for the opening day
rilled, and as Harry bears the reputation
of making each and every owner think
he has fallen Into a toft place., his asser
tion carries considerable weight. The
season in the East this year will hang on
until the snow.'flies, and the stables from
the other side of the mountains will no
doubt be dilatory in arriving.
From the present outlook, there will not
be over ritteen books chalking prices the
first day. Before that time draws near
Johnny Coleman will have done shooting
ducks. Hughey Jones has his crew ready,
George Hose wili have a representative
here, Harlan Co., HurlieK. "English
Bill" Jackman, Ed Harmon. Walter Kiggs,
Kripp A: Co.. Phil Archibald, Johnny
Humphrey, George Oxnaiu and two or
tnree other firms are uji on edge, anxious
ly awaiting the opening of the big show.
Racing associations should have th« as
sistance of all honest minded people and
are deserving of praise in their efforts to
purify racing, but they make one very
grievous mistake. he riders themselves
are cooped up in a room, but how about
their valets? This very enterprising class
or gentry have begun to cut quite a cen
tra; rigure in racing of late, at least that
portion of it conducted under the roof of
the saddling paddock. Many of them
•"iniass bank roils in a short period that
Lie old-Univ steeplechaser Bourke Coeh
ran would have had trouble in leaping
but they seem to escape the eye of rac
ing officials. They will bear " watching
and so will the thousand and one "grave
uigsrers'" employed on the outside by
many of the bookmakers. This latter
class, if possible, should be excluded from
the paddock.
And If racing is to be elevated another
depressing feature that should be elimi
nated from the game is the "tout." once'
so -failed. . constritfd .from his pres- j
er,t vocation Ihe tout is nothing more or I
less than a pickpocket or petty larcenist. I
At no place wh^re large gatherings of
people congregate would his "work" be
tolerated, and there is no reason why
racing associations should wink the other
eye at this evil. The major. iy of them,
when the racing season is over eke out
a miserable existence from the' earnings
of unfortunate and degraded women and
their presence in such large numbers is
rapidly causintr racing to fall Into disre
pute with the better class of people
Young Devin, the Sacramento light
weight rider, is rapidly crawling up the
ladder of fame, and unless his head out
grows his hair will some day be quite a
hit on the race track. It is rumored
that Burns & Waterhouse made over
tures to get the youth and they may be
successful. Just now he reclines peace
fully under the protecting wing of the as
tute trainer. Tom Boyle, and Tom does
not care to lose him. Boyle is a clever
coach and Devin might do worse than
listen to his advice.
If the firm just mentioned do not suc
ceed in getting Devin. thf-y will proba
bly sign Tommy Butler to do th.-ir riding
Tommy Is rapidly recovering from his ac
cident; as his work during the Los An
geles meeting will show, ur.d he is pos
sessed of more of the gray matter Inside
Of his skull than half a dozen ordinary
riders. He is now busily engaged in an
endeavor to get released from; his con
tract with Ed Lanigan. The latteri It is
rumored, will sell Rubicon and Miss Reel
retiring from the list of owners. Tommy
has nothing but good words to .«ay of
Lanigan, but says Trainer Denny Lynch
is too wise for him.
It V-
I
( 'hlefi
But it would .
■
em j :
POSTUM CEREAL.
DOCTOR "POSTUM."
Some Coffee Experience In Mexico.
.'- years ago I went to a city of
I my coffee al-
msiderably.
"In ab"ut thr'-' j munths my nerves
ted. A sort of
stupor seemed to possess me all day
and I suffered err^-;!* discomfort fr^in
dyspepsia. I kept on, however, with
the black til just before I left,
when I could not keep it down any
W. A. DESBOROUGH,
Capt. Battery A, Light Artillery,
Sacramento, Cal.
longer. Had to fjuit, and took up cold
ad milk.
ched New York City a
lady friend who used Postum Cereal j
Food sularly recommended it.
1 pladly tried some of her coffee and
found it all the owners claimed for it,
: y delicious beverage the way she
makes it.
"I have been entirely cured and am
in perfect health in every way. Am a :
regular missionary for Postum.
"Whenever I hear a man or woman
complain of any pain or disorder that
ariseß from the nervous system, I pre-
scribe Postum. Several of my busi-
ness friends dub me 'Doctor Postum,'
because I have cured them of their In-
digestion and dyspepsia."
a mile and a quarter, in the remarkably
Cast time of 2:06%, one of his forelegs
filled up and was in very bad shape.
This will probably retire him for the
year.
Tempo, his conqueror, while being
shipped on tho oars t>> Idaho, was taken
with uiiik fever and at last accounts had
chance to reco\ er.
When Moringa, the Sobrante gelding,
iroand the circle at Los Angeles in
1:89^ ti is said $2500 was refused for him.
This Cast bit of racing hardware is owned
by "Jimmy" Conway, an employe of one
of the Sausallto poolrooms, and was
picked up at an auction sale as a sort oi
prize package for the munificent sum of
He gained a great reputation last
season as a "show" horse, finishing third
on Innumerable occasions, but now seems
ile of going ahead and getting the
big end of pins a
Klatawah, 2:05%, the pacing wonder of
will pass under the hammer at
the coining Fasig sale to be held in New
fork.
Jesse Everett, a very capable jockey
now riding at the Chicago tracks, will he
out here this winter, tie is described as
- one of the most gentlemanly little
fellows in his line of business, and if for
no other reason he will be heartily wel
comed here.
Baldwin Ptrinp of horses came up
from Los Angeles on Wednesday of the
it week. La Goleta is the star or
ami she is a wonder. Race
goers will do well to nail her plate on the
shed door. If Burns & Waterhouse
do not sign Tommy Butler, Manager
■ a\ or to secure
s services,
Fred Gerhardy, the old-time rider, has a
■ ■ owned by Ed Corri
: lngl< side track, among
Vdolph Spreckels
[n ill' lot is a very
I brown flllj . bj Wat
ought to give a
:
Wh.-n the fable announced that Tod
Sloan would sail for home, biddinj? Kood
by to merry Eng-land, it is said "Teddy"
Roosevelt; the rough riding candidate for
Governor of New fork; shuddered, think
ing another political aspirant might be in
the Hold.
Dick Olawson will next season ride for
the wealthy turf mar.. Sydney Fagot, ac
cording to the latest advices.
Ollie Johnson, who was ruled off last
AN EXPERIENCE OFF CfIPE b\ORN.
THE British shipA^orven from Mull forScr) Francisco bad a hard tiroe of it off the Cape of Storms.
She had to push her way through two icefields, while a third or>e had to be circumnavigated.
The vessel received some hard treatment and the crew was r>early frozen. Some of them are
suffering yet from their encounters with the ice in the frozen south). In spite of r)er hard lucK the
Morven roade a quick passage of 139 days, beating the Falls of Malladale and the Macdiarrr)id, now out
153 days.
spring along with - a- 1 ;^
r reinsta)
rein
d have sii :n<-n\
ihould
,pportunlty.
lilty all ■■■
.. 'or discrimlnation i;LHOLLAND
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY Is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It is pure.
REAL ESTATE OWNERS.
Strong Protest Against the Proposed
Garbage Contract— To Indorse
Candidates.
The Real Estate Owners' Association
met last night in the office of A. M. Sp"ck
& Co. and adopted by-laws. The tem
porary officers elected at the former
meeting -will continue in office until the
regular election in January. An executive
committee, consisting of W. J. Bryan, B.
Litchensteln, William Ede, J. S. Salman,
J A Bergerot. Thomas Ashworth. Daniel
Gro-ninger, E. B. Liddle, W. W. Camble,
J. W. Flinn. G. W. Haight and Alois F.
Lejeal, was elected.
A resolution was adopted that a com
mittee be appointed to pass upon the
various candidates for municipal offices
and report on such as are favorable to
real estate owners' interests, for the in
dorsement of the. association.
A. M. Speck read n. statement of the
plans for the naval training station on
Goat Island, and the secretary was In
structed to write to the President and
Secretary of the Navy, thanking them for
their efforts on behalf of the Pacific
Coast.
The secretary was also directed to send
a written protest to the Supervisors
against the prop garbage contra In
this connection the following resolution
was unanimously adopted:
"Resolved, That it is the sense of this
association thai the street sweepings shall
be given to the Park Commissioners and
not be Incinerated at a cost to the city of
20 cents a yard, as is now proposed."
Lovely Be wines surprise crowds dally. Why
not you? Mohns & Kaltenbar;h. 2!f Market st.
HIS MIND UNHINGED.
Private Matthews of the Eighth Cal
ifornia Worrying Over a
Broken Leg.
W H. Matthi ■■■ ■ membi rof Com
pany C, Eighth California Regiment, sta
: al Fort Point, was taken to the
.;. n/ Hospital Monday nighi from
i and Union streets Buffering from
a broken leg. fl ( ' is sli " '" lne hospital.
He has worried so much over Hs
!,r'>kfn leX that his mind has become
unhinged and he is gradually growing
worse Chief Steward Huchcr has bet n
ilng him. and telephoned to Fort
r ii t Thursday na to his condition. He
reply yesterday morning that an
ambulance' would be sent to take Mat
away, but as It did not a;. ]. ear
er telephoned to military headquar
day afternoon and was assured
th< case would receive prompt at
tention.
W. A. Neville Escapes.
The United Btati Grand Jury yester
day examined witnesses in the case of
Millionaire Nevllla of Fresno, arrested
for sending obscene letters lo Mrs.
Williams of that place. Mrs. Williams
and Mrs Loose were heard, and tuld
what they knew about the matter. The
jurors decided that when they should re
nnrl to the court next week they would
re ,{,/. charge, as they believe that
.lion, while probably true, had
: .,-, ferred through motives of re
venge. _
Wife-Beater Gets Six Months.
George Keenan, the horse clipper, who
was convicted by Judge Mogan Thursday
of breaking his wife's nose and system
atically beating her, appeared for sen
tence yesterday. The Judge gave him
the full limit— six months.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAKL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1898.
CYCLERS PREPARE FOR
GOOD ROADS PARADE
THE executive committee, representing the California Associated Cy
cling Clubs in the forthcoming good roads parade, went squarely on
record last nipht as to the political significance of the demonstration.
It was determined that no political banners would be allowed in the
parade. It was also determined that no candidate for office would be
Invited to speak at the open air meeting with which the parade will end.
The parade will be the outward manifestation of the wheelmen of their
joy at the repaying of Market street. The agitation for this great mea
sure was Inaugurated by them.
The route of the parade, as suggested by Chairman W. J. Kenney ot
the committee having that detail In charge, follows: Start at Van Ness
avenue and Hayes street, to Golden Gate avenue, to Market, to Second,
to Stockton, to Union Square. In addition to the various cycling organ
izations, the Draymen and Teamsters' Union, Burlingame Club and Golden
Cat. Driving Association will be represented.
Prizes have been donated by Cycle Buard of Trade, California Jockey
Club. J. M. Hamilton, R. C. Lennie, Charles L. Patton, J. D. Phelan,
I. J. Truman, Frank A. Vail, Juseph Holle and others. The Olympic
club Wheelmen have apportioned a sum of money to provide an elabor
ate float in addition to displays made by individuals.
It was determined u< proffer the trrand marshalshlp to James Mc-
Nab of the Draymen and Teamsters* Union. If he cannot accept, the
ide committee will select a man for the place. A meeting of the
prize committe< will be held on Sunday afternoon at the rooms of the
Bay City Wheelmen, 441 Golden Gate avenue. Prizes will be offered for
the most attractive laden truck and also the must attractive llKht de
livery wagon. Wheelmen not attached to any club have been urged to
turn out and assist in the demonstration.
A meeting of the Good I was called for yesterday after
noon to discuss what part its members should |>!ay in the forthcoming
parade This league has branches throughout the State, all working for
the betterment of the i I highways. A quorum was not i>rea
ent Presldeni Charles L. Pati ide clear to the members present
his stand in tl ■ He suggested that to eliminate
the element of poll! cs it should properly be held after the election. A
the league will bo held Monday to determine the
mal ter.
THREE TIMES
CAUGHT IN
ICE FIELDS
British Ship Morven's
Hard Luck.
A MURDER ON PITCAIRN
THE MURDERER ON HIS WAY TO
FIJI TO BE HANGED.
Sloop-of-War Adams With Two
Hundred Naval Apprentice
Boys Aboard at Anchor
Off Goat Island.
The British ship Morven arrived from
Hull yesterday, after a quick passage "f
139 days. Tin.- Falls of Halladale and Mac
diarmid are both out 153 days from the
same port, and if they had the same ex
perience as the Morven it is no wonder
they are making long voyages. The
Morven had to fight her way through
three fields of ice and got badly mauled
about in the operation.
The Morven sailed from Hull on June
H. For the lirst two months of the voy
age all went well. In his report Captain
Page nays: "On July 2X, in latitude 36
Bouth, longitude 47.40 west, we encoun
tered .t terrific gale. The wind blew with
hurrii • from the northwest and
there was a very high confused sea. The
ship's deck was constantly filled with
water, and everything movable on deck
was washed overboard. The masts and
yards were often lit up with the electri
city.
"On August 17, in latitude 58 south,
• ..]•• 80.30 west, we sailed into a large
field of Ice. This was at l a. m.. and as
i did not like the looks of things put the
vessel under easy sail. We sailed 36
miles before we sot clear of the ice, the
ship scraping through as best Bhe could.
This field extended from the northwest
to southeast as far aB the eye could
reach.
"August 20, in latitude 58.47 south,
longitude •;:'. west, we passed through
a line of broken ice and about six
hours later we encountered a third
field. This one was more densely packed
my of the Others. This waa about
7:30 a. m.. and the ship was put under
easy sail and the main yard was backed.
AI 10:30 a. m. found it advisable to wear
ship, and sailed to the northeastward of
tho Ice, which was more dense and packed
with large floes from ten to twelve feet
high. The ship bumped considerably, but
after three hours' hard work we k<H her
clear."
Tli." Morven was almost due south of
Cape Horn when she encountered the Ice
and Captain Page says be never wants
a similar experience. The run from 50
to GO was miidi- in seventeen days, and
thence to port fair weather pre
vailed. The ship was off port lust Thurs
day niffht, but Captain Page decided to
anchor on the bar. The vessel was towed
In by the tue Rescue yesterday morning.
A tale of love and murder, which is to
Wind up with a hanpinp. comes from
lonely little Pitcairn. One of the isl
anders murdered his mispress and her
child, and he la now on his way to Fiji
■ i the English man-of-war Royalist
to be hanged for his crime. The bare
of the Btory were brought here by I
■ ; Liiposa from th<- South Seas.
The colony on Pltcalm barely numbers
a hundred souls, and 'Time for years h;is
been almost unknown on the little Island.
The settlement was formed by the muti
neers of the British ship Bounty, over 100
years ago, and since that memorable
event crime has been almost unknown on
- and. A few years ;is,"' B ship was
wrecked on or n ar Pltcairn. and the sur
vivors reached the island. Some of them !
J • • ii rr i *-«I« I th-- colony aiiJ others got away on
the first passing vessel.
Among those who remained on the
Island was a man named Christian, He
pit aloriK well at first, and was soon mak
ove to one of the Islanders. When a
hild was born he refused to»marry tne
woman and then trouble began. Ho
got tired of the woman and fell
in love with another. The latter
spurned him, and he, thinking his
rejection was on account of the mother;
and child, beguiled the two of them to
th.- top of a nltfh cliff and pushed them
over. Th<* next day their dead bodies
were found an<l Christian was arrested.
'I'hc news of the murder was Bent to
England by a passing vessel, and *■*»«
British Government at one.' took action
in the matter. Hamilton Hunter, Deputy
High Commissioner for the Western Pa
was dispatched to the Island In tho
man-of-war Royalist. He convened a
court, and Christian was tried before a
jury of the Islanders and found guilty. lie
was taken aboard the Royalist in irons.
and will be hanged In Suva, the capital of
the Fiji Islands. When last beard from,
the Royalist was at Papeete, capital of
Tahiti, "with th<- murderer on hoard.
The KU.il oat WhfHlnK arrived from
Punet Sound ports yesterday. As she I
I steamed up the bay she saluted the com
modore's nag on the Philadelphia, 'me
Wheeling will remain in the stream for a
few days and will then go to Mare Island
for an overhauling.
The training ship Adams, with 200 ap
prentice boys aboard, is down from the
navy-yard. She did not come to man-of
war row, but anchored off the proposed
i training school on Goat Island. She will
remain there a few days and the boys whi
be allowed to picnic on the island. She
will then go hack to the navy-yard to re
ceive a new battery of rapid-fire guns.
after which she will go to sea on a cruise.
PASSING OF FATHER DYSON
The Popular Dominican Priest Suc
cumbed to Heart Disease.
Rev. Father Thomas A. l>yson of St.
Dominic's Church died of heart disease at
St. Mary's Hospital early yesterday morn
ing. Tht remains were removed to the
church, where they will He in state until
this afternoon. Then they will be taken
to Benicfa for interment in the Dominican
cemetery.
Thomas A. Dyson was born In Rother
ham, England, in 1846. Early in life he
was converted to the Catholic faith and
in IS(>9 became a member of the Domini
can order. Ten years later he came
to California and for the next de
cade was Identified with the Domini
can churches In Benlcia and Val
lejo. For the last portion of his life ho
has been a member of the clergy of St.
Dominic's at the corner of Bush and
Stelner streets. He was an earnest zeal
ous worker and was very popular, especi
ally with the young people.
Solemn requiem high mass will be cele
brated at St. Dominic's at 9 o'clock
this morning, and at 4 o'clock in the after
noon the remains will be sent to Bi-rdela.
The interment will take place there on
Sunday morning
"An Arcadian Potpourri."
The First English laitheran Church of
this city, of which the Rev. E. Nelander
is pnstor. has for some time been prepar
ing for a week's festival entertainment,
the proceeds of which It is hoped will
be fully sufficient to liquidate the float
ing Indebtedness of the church. It is en
titled "An Arcadian Potpourri," the pro
gramme and list of characters suggest
ing b bright and amusing entertainment.
The first evening of the festival is Mon
day. October, 31, the performance to be
repeated on every evening of that week.
HIS CONDUCT
CULLED CRUEL
AND INHUMAN
Mrs. M. Parrish Seeks
a Divorce.
A SENSATIONAL COMPLAINT
DEFENDANT CHARGED WITH
GROSS BRUTALITY.
Marital Infelicities of the Two Chil
dren of Norman Parrish Be
fore the Courts in One
Week.
Deep 1b the sea of marital infelicities
for the children of Norman Parrlsh, the
proprietor of the California Planing
Mills and the owner of Peralta Hall. A
few days ago his daughter, Gora Plun
kett. obtained a divorce from William T.
Plunkett, and now his son, Walter H.
Parrißh, will V«- cued by his wife, Maud
I'arrish, fur a dissolution of the bonds of
matrimony which have ke;<t them to
gether since November, 1v."..l v ."..
There will be filed with the County
Clerk this morning, by George A. Proctor,
attorney for Mrs. Parrish, a divorce
complaint which fairly reeks with sensa
tional allegations. In it art.' charge
cruelty and brutality and
a rei Ital of most salacious matter.
The complaint alleges that the ill treat
■. the wife from the. hands
■ i Walter Parrish began shortly after
marriage when, without any provo
i ation, thi
Inhum ruel conduct which caused
Mrs Parrish much menta g and
physical illness from which she
. verlasting <\ ii effects.
■ of the most sensational charges
■ iing husband Is that
of habitual profanity. According to the
words of the complaint Parrish must
have searched the archives of profanity
to find epithets sufficiently opproDrious to
i • upon his wife. There are some cx
i ns which do not look well in print,
juiol which the wife swears were her usual
portion whenever Bhe attempted to mend
the error of his n i
linuing, the complaini tells of a mid
fa, for the husband was In the
bsenting himself from therooms
which he and his wife occupied in the
Fairmount Hotel. This was a night in
December, ISB7, when Mrs. Parrish left
her apartments to find the errant bus
band. She 'lei laics that she saw him
g out of a saloon mid in the most
Intoxicated n. She attempted tv
Induce him to return home v. ith her, hut
her 801 l Itatlona were met with most
abusive i and violence. The
that this 111 (
tow ard I lie wife was
I sh would return under the influence
of liquor and then would play destruc
ti . :- th< ric-a-brac
This treatment so preyed upon the pain
tiff's mind that she was rapidlj becom
ing a physical wrei k m twenty
le In welghi on account of the men
tal anguish and physical suffering to
which Bh« was subjei ted.
It was then that Mrs. Walter Parrish
went to her parents for advice, and they
ordered him to move .mm their house,
which he did. taking- all his personal ef
•eets with him. Mrs. Parrish prays for
the dissolution of the bonds of matri
mony arid such other and further relief
that might be just
Walter Parrish is well known in thin
city. He Is about 25 years of age, a
graduate of the San Francisco High
School and for a short time a student at
the university. Latterly ht has been em
ployed by the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company and In his father's mills.
TO HELP THE RAILROAD.
A Proposed Tunnel With a Double-
Barreled Object in View.
f The proposition to tunnel under the
railroad track on the San Jose line at the
termination of Bosworth and Berkshire
streets, near the Sunnyside district, un
road track <>n th<- San Jose line at the
mlnation of Boswortb and Berkshire
•cts, near the Sunnyside district, un
der the pretext that it will benefit the
residents of the Sannyside and Mission,
is another way of helping the Market
Street Railroad Company at the expense
of the general taxpayers. This proposed
tunnel, which has been reported favorably
on by the Street Committee of the Board
of Supervisors, is on the direct line of the
proposed extension of the Market Street
Railroad Company's .branch line running
from the Mission road at or near College
Hill to the Glen Park tract, the site lately
selected as a monkey ranch.
The Market Street Company has been
trying for a number of years to obtain
a "franchise from Mission street to Sun
nyside, but the expense of building a road
and running a tunnel under the railroad
truck was considered to be too much of
an outlay for the amount of traffic in
V l 6 W
' To obviate this and have the taxpayers
bear the expense It is now proposed to
have the Supervisors run the tunnel at
ihfi place mentioned out of the general
appropriation. This done, the Market
Street Railroad Company will then avail
itself of its lately acquired franchise over
this route and run its tracks through the
tunnel, thus saving the expense of doing
the work.
A Startled Mother,
From the Freeport (111.) Bulletin.
While busy at work In her home, Mrs.
William Shay, corner of Taylor and Han-
oock avenues Freeport, 111., was startled
by hearing a noise just behind her.
Turning
q v i ckly
she saw
c r eeplng
toward
her her
four year
old daugh-.
ter, Bea-
trice. The,
child mov-
ed ovo r '
the floor
with a n
effort, but
see mcd
filled with
Joy at
find Ing
her mother
a
Mrs. Shay Was Startled.
The rest of the happening is
best told In the mother's own words. She
"On the 28th of September. 1596, while
In the bloom of health. Beatrice wan sud-
denly and severely afflicted with spinal
meningitis. Strong and vigorous before,
in livi' weeka she became feeble and suf-
fered from a paralytic stroke which
twisted her head back to the side and
nude It impossible for her to move a
limb Her speech, however, was not af-
fected. We cwlled in our family doctor,
one of the most experienced and success-
ful practitioners in the city. He consid-
ered the case a very grave one Be-
fore long little Beatrice was com-
pelled to wear a plaster paris jacket,
l'ruminent physicians were consulted,
electric batteries were applied, but no
benefit was noticed until we tried Dr.
Williams' Pink Pills for Pale TV<>ple.
"Busy In my kitchen one afternoon I
was startled by the cry of 'Mamma' from
little Beatrice, who was creeping toward
me. I had placed her on an improvised
bed in the parlor comfortably close
to the fireside and given her some
books and playthings. She became
tired of waiting for me to come
back and made up her mind to go to
me so her story, 'My Pink Pills made
nit' walk,' which she tolls every one who.
comes to our house, was then for the first
time verified. She has walked ever since.
She has now taken about nine boxes nt
the pills, and her pale and pinched face
has been growing rosy and her limbs
pained strength day by day. She sleeps
all night long now. while before taking
the pills she could rest but a few hours
at a time." Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for
Pale People are sold by all druggists.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of Brent Good,
PRINTED ON RED PAPER.
Very small and as easy
to take as sugar.
SEE lrARTrR^r° RHEADACHE SEE
uAKI tIXO for DIZZINESS.
rriTmiTri SITTLE FOR BILIOUSHESS. rCMITIWD
GENUINE I web FOR TORPID liver. GENUINE
1 I pgi|"S FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPFR 1 m for sallow skin. WRAPPER
WKAiTLK |j§Hßa ! for THE COMPLEXION * KAtTLB
_ , . GKIWC^JX! MUSTHAVIS^PNATURC.
25 Cents I Purely Ve?etal>le.^^^^s^^rt
PROCLAMATION.
» STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO. July 30th. 1838.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January, A. D. 1897.
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-Wlt:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which It is proposed to amend said section to
read as fellows:
Section 18. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or school district shall In- \
cur any Indebtedness or liability in any man- I
ncr or for any purpose exceeding in any year \
the Income and revenue provided for it for
such year without the assent of two-thirds ;
of, the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un- |
less before, or at the time of incurring such
indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the interest on such indebtedness as it falls
due and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same- provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third an.l
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing altering or for any work done upon or
for any material rurnlshed for any street, lane. |
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con- j
Btruction of any sewer or sewers In said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro- i
visions of this pection; and in determining any i
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no '■
statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner" and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo. in Bolano County, may pay its exist-
in« indebtedness Incurred in the construction
of its water works, whenever two-thirds of the '•
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted- |
ncsa or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
Khali be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutionals Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion, to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
i viding for the framing by the inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section 7H. The Inhabitants of any county
may frame' a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, anil consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty It shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
shall then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or if there be
not two such papers, then In one only, for at
feast twenty days, and within not less than ,
thirty days after such publication it shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county at a general or special election, and if
a maiority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
nower of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house. It shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in such
ca«e become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
inconsistent with such county government act.
A cony of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county.
Kettimr forth the submission of such county
Government act to the electors, and its ratifica-
tion them shall be made in duplicate and
Posited 1 one in the office of the Secretary of
Rtatt the other, after being recorded In the
office' of the Recorder of Deeds In the county,
ftmV.ne the archives of the county.
"m "courts shall take judicial notice thereof.
Thi. omintv government act so ratified may be
amended at interval.- of not less than two
° m ™ a by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
I r,,r n lined electors thereof, at a general or spe-
CUU election held at least forty days after the
niihllcation of such proposals for twenty days
fn a. newspaper of general circulation in such
count" and ratified by at least three-fifths of
th» mini inert electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved bythe Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of th» county government act.
i;' submitting any such county government act
alternntive article or proposition may be
Rented for the choice of the voters, and may
£r voted on separately without prejudice to
Ot f* er ehall be competent in all county govern-
ment' acts framed under the authority given by
thi« section, to provide for the manner in
vi,~>i the times at which, and the terms for
£i -.£'»£<» several township and county officers
otter 'than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
hi elected or appointed: for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for the
rnnoolldatlon or segregation of offices, for the
number ot 'deputies that each officer shall have.
Lrl/i for the compensation pay .ble to each of
-,„•>, deputies, for the manner In which, the
times in which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
Reefed or appointed and for the constitution,
rec-ulatton. compensation and government of
«-ifh boards, and of their clerks and attaches:
«1« " to prescribe the manner and method by
n'h'lch all elections by the people shall be con-
-ted and may In addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litif-iil parties and organisations may partici-
pate In any primary election.
Whenever any county has. in th» manner
nnd method herein pointed out. adopted any
rountv government act, and the same Bhall
have been approved by the Legislature as
«fore«alrt the direction of sections four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
*V _ «v«tem of county governments throughout
the State and likewise providing for the elec-
tion nnd appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation of their compensation shall not apply.
1 olm rountv government act shall, as to any of
the matters herelnabove provided for and de-
,-lTxed by such county government act. not lie
« uhlect to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature, except by amendment first
submitted to the electors and ratified In the
manner herelnnbove set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
' (Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to the people of the
• Ktate of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half, article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows:
Section 5%. The Court of Claims shall con-
' gist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
Us judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
I of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
lows: " ' •
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March:
In the City and County of San Francisco,
commencing on the second Monday in July,
and
In the City of Sacramento, commencing on
the second Monday of November of each year.
The Judges holding such term of court shall
receive no extra - compensation . therefor, ' but
shall receive their actual expenses, to be paid
"out of the general fund of the State treasury.
The Legislature shall enact all laws necessary
to organize such court, to provide tho pro-
cedure thereof and to carry out the provision*
of this section.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th*
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, amending article eleven.
by adding a new section thereto, to be known
as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. The
said proposed new section to read as follows:
Section s^. The provisions of sections four
and five of this article shall not. nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
have become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of the
Constitution of the State of California, by
which it is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows:
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall b«
elected at the same time and place and in the)
same manner as the Governor, and his term of
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the Impeachment of
the Governor, or his removal from office, death.
Inability to discharge the powers and Outies of
his office, resignation or absence from th»
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
residue of the term, or until the disability aha...
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor be
Impeached, displaced, resign, die or become in-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy in the office of Governor shall
bo filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy in the
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall be
filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
six. article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall In-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools
I and technical schools as may be established by
■ the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
; schools shall Include schools organized in a
school district, or union of school districts,
I having more than one thousand inhabitants. In
' which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural.
— »ing or scientific department of the Unlver-
s.*ty of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, In rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
is proposed to amend said section to read aa
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
In the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
in session for twenty-five days, after which It
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fail to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete Its
session. No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
no bill shall be introduced in either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of the
members thereof.
NOW. THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval," approved March 7. A. D. ISS3.
the above-described proposed amendments are
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of th»
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on ...
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 8. A. D. IS9S.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form aa fol-
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express his
choice as provided by law: ,
Amendment Number One. being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. 41 ... -.
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francisco, and
the existing indebtedness of the City Tea
of Vallejo for the construction of its < — —
water works from the provisions of No
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the Income and reve-
nues of the year in which. they were
incurred).
For the Amendment? I
Amendment Number Two. being Senate
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Tea
(providing for framing local county- — —
government acts by inhabitants of No
counties for their government).
For the Amendment? i
Amendment Number Three, being: Sen-
ate Constitutional Amendment No.
44 (providing for the creation of a
Court of Claims to determine claims Te«
against the State, and to consist of' — —
three Superior Judges designated by No
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation).
For the Amendment? I"
Amendment Number Four, being As- '
sembly Constitutional Amendment
Nc. 37 (exempting consolidated cities Ten
and counties, organized or to be or-- — — — -
ganlzed, or holdine a charter un- No
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation in relation to counties).
For the Amendment? [■
Amendment Number Five, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36 (relating to office of. Governor, Te«
■ providing for succession thereto In »
certain cases and removing disability N$
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term). .
For the Amendment? '
Amendment Number Six. being Assem-
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 33 Tea
(relating to and defining Grammar ■
Schools). • No
For the Amendment? I
Amendment Number Seven, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Tea
Legislature for not less than thirty-
nor more than sixty days during each No
session). • ■;".
For the Amendment? I
Witness my hand and the Great Seal of the
State of California, the day and year herein
first above written. -L
JAMES H. BUDD. Governor.
Attest: L. H. BROWN, Secretary of State.
[SEAL.I "
; >/VVVVWvvw^VVVVVVVVi/VVVWVVVW
IjfJ^* G|Ml!3f :
1 A PERMANENT CURE I
! i of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea <
i ( and Gleet, euarantoed in from 3 to 6J, ■.
I [ days ; no other treatment required. 5 "
5 " Sold by all druggists. 3
Sa«^A«^AiV>AAWVV>«A^VVWVWWWwW k
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver higher.
Wheat weaker. Barley dull.
Oat?, Corn* and Rye unchanged.
Hay very dull. Bran easy.
Seeds in hanged.
Pink Beans lower.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Butter continues depressed.
Egg and Cheese steady.
Poultry in free supply.
Game steady.
Another rise in Wine Grapes'.
Dried Peaches continue firm.
Provisions unchanged.
Choice Jlogs rather firmer.
WINE AND BRANDY TRADE.
Receipts of Wine and Brandy at this port
during the first nine months of the year were
as follows, compared with the same period In
ISS7: Of Wine. 11.353.300 gallons, against $,
371,500; of Brandy. 176,8 gallons, against : '<.-
The exports of Wine from hi* port by s»>a
during the lirst nine month? of ISSiS were S,
tSo.OOO gallons, gainst S,.=>t;6,'RiO in ISU7-U. pretty
close run.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120ih Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 21 — '- V- m.
The following maximum temperatures were re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, CO; Red Bluff, S4; Sacramento, S4;
Fresno, 90: San Luis Obispo, 72; Independence,
76; Los Angeles, 76; San Diego, 66; Yuma, St.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature ;
I:', minimum 52, mean 06.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
The pressure has fall decidedly over the
entire Pacific Coast during the past twelv?
hours, the greatest fall being: in Eastern Wash
ington. The press . is highest in the south
ern plateau region and there is a trough-like
depression extending through the valleys of
California and the western portions of Wash
ington and Oregon;
The temperature has risen over the plateau
region and fallen along the roast.
The weather is cloudy or tartly cloudy ■
throughout tho entire Pacific 'oast and condi- [
tions are favorable for scattered showers in i
California Saturday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty .
hours ending midnight October 2:!. IS9S:
Northern I'.iliiornia -• lou.-.y end threatening, ;
with scattered showers Saturday; cooler; fresh
southwest wind.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Saturday;
somewhat threatening in the them portion;
fresh west wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Saturday.
Utah — Fair: warmer Saturday.
Arizona — Fair; warmer Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy and i
threatening, probably with occasional showers
Saturday; fresh southwest wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpais — Partly
cloudy; wind south, j miles; temperature 70.
maximum temperature 7S>.
G. H. WILLS" (N.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERiN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— The motor nerve of
the worMs markets was touched to-day by the ■,
reported orders of the Government of France i
to Major irchand to retire from Fashoda.
There was a prompt recovery in Government se- I
curities in London anil Paris and :n corporate '
stocks at all foreign markets. For the same !
reason there was a weakening in the wheat j
markets of the world, including Liverpool, New j
York, Chicago an 1 San Francisco. This !
checked yesterday's advance in the stock mar- I
ket. Bui w!>.n it became evident later in the !
cay that there was good support in the wheat '
market from a continued heavy demand for ex- i
port. In spite of the subsidence of the war i
Bcare and of the continued ivy receipts at the |
primary point?, there sprang up the demand for I
railroad stocks, which showed itself, more con- j
fident and urgent than anything that has been |
Been in the stock market for several days. Nat
urally there was demand for the stocks of ,
grain-carrying roads. The strength was mani- j
fest not only in the Granger group proper, !
but also in the Pacifies, Including Northern, ;
Union and Atchlson. The preferred stock of ;
the la:- road was next to Si. Paul, the leader
of the railroads in point of activity, and way
firm throughout the day. closing with a net ;
gain of 1 per cent. The absorption of the stock :
in the- late dealings was on a very large 6cale. ;
The dullness and heaviness of the stocks of !
the great Eastern trunk lines were in strong ;
contrast, although according to a quoted ut
terance of fhe chairman of the New York Cen
tral directors many companies cannot get cars
enough to carry their freight coming forward,
but are cutting: rates ana making contracts
ahead at ligures below the rate schedule. It is
in line with this view to find the gross earn
ings of the Central for the September 30 quar- j
ter falling nearly $900,000 below those for the j
corresponding quarter last year, while the bal- j
ance available for dividend is 155-100 per cent, I
compared with 170-100 per ■ ■■:.; last ear. The
Btrength of Western, Southwestern and South
ern storks was quite general. Louisville leading
the latter group with an extreme rise of a
point. The movement of the industrial special
ties was relatively much less Important than ;
of late. Tobacco advanced an extreme 3 points,
but met heavy sales. Sugar was raided below
111. but met the resisting point, and Manhat
tan, although it weakened early on published !
utterances tending to discredit reports of early j
electrical equipment, later rose over a point.
Sterling exchange advanced further to-day, in i
response to the stiffness of reign money mar- j
kets. The local money market continued easy. ■•
The gain of the New York banks from gold j
Imports from the sub-treasury and by reason i
of the marked decrease in the movement of I
currency to the interior is estima'pd to be not j
far from $10,000,000 for the week. How far the
reserve requirements have ben expanded
through enlarged deposits by reason of loans ■
made on sterling exchange cannot be closely 1
estimated, but it may run as high as $15,000,000. I
The bond market broadened and improved in
the course of the day and shows gains gener- i
ally. Total sales, {2,340,000.
United States 2'p registered advanced hi per
cent and the :>'s registered declined V 4V 4 per cent
in the bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 215,200
thares. including Atchison preferred. 14,000;
Canadian Pacific, 4.'.1"; Burlington, 12,330; Man
hattan, '17.413; Metropolitan Street Railway,
47' jO; Northern Pacific. . : ."^8; Union Pacific. 3023;
Kt. Paul, 10,440; Union Pacific preferred. 9171;
U. P. D. and G.. C2oo; Tobacco, 26.955; Sugar,
12
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchinon 12% St Louts & S P.... 7%
Do preferred 34% Do preferred 62*4
Baltimore & Ohio.. 44% Do 2d prefrd 29%
Canada Pacific Bl£ St L & S W 4H
Canada Southern... r.2 Do preferred HVi
Central Pacific -• - St Paul 108
(Mips & Ohio 21% Do preferred 160%
Chi & Alton 153 St I' &Om 79%
Chi Ii & Q 115% Do preferred 158
Chi & E 111 -■■ St P M & M.... 163
Do preferred 103 So Pacific 22%
Chi G W 13% So Railway 8%
Chi Ind & L 7% Do preferred 83%
Do preferred 27 Texas & Pacific 13 14
Clii & N W 131% Union Pacific 32%
Do preferred 177% I Do preferred 63%
C C C & St L 39 |U P D & G %
Do preferred 86 ! W abash 7
Pel & Hudson 102141 Do preferred 19"4
l_>el L& W 140 Wheel & L E 3V*
Den & Rio Or 12% Do preferred 16%
Do preferred 54 Express Companies
Erie new 12% Adams Ex 108
Do Ist prefd 32% ; American Ex 132
Ft Wayne 171 United States 40
Gt Nor prefrd 135 Wells Fargo 120
Hocking Valley.... 3% Miscellaneous —
Illinois Central 108 14 A Cot Oil 364
Lake Eric & W IS Do preferred 85%
Do preferred 63% Amer Spirits 11%
Lake Shore 190 Do preferred 34*4
Louis & Nai>h 54% Amer Tobacco 116%
Manhattan L 97% Do preferred 123
Met St Rai1way... 1591,4 Cons Gas 176%
Mich Central 105 Com Cable Co 175
Minn & St L 27% Col F & Iron 20%
Do Ist prefrd 91 Do preferred 80
Jl'i Pacific 32% Gen Elec new 78
Mobile & Ohio 26 Haw Com Co 44
Mo X & T 10% Illinois .Steel 52%
Do preferred 31% i Inter Paper £3
>; J Central 88»4 Do preferred 87
N V Central Lacl^de Gas 47%
N V Chi & St L.... 11% Lead 32
Do Ist prefrd.... 60 j no preferred 108
Do .1 prefrd 30 Minn Iron 125%
Nor West 12% Nat Linseed 0i1.... 3%
No Amer Co 6*4 Pacific Mail 32%
No Pacific 40"* 'People's Gas 103%
Do preferred 7 '•» l"i:l!man Palace 197
Ontario & W Silver Certificates.. 60
Or R & Nay R2 ! Stand P. & T 6
Or Short Line 27 Sugar 111%
Pac C Ist prefrd... 80 I Do preferred 107' i
Do 2d prefrd 69 IT C & Iron 27
plttsburg 169 |U S Leather 6%
Reading 16H! Do preferred 64
Do l«t prefrd 35% U 8 Rubber 38%
Tl a W 27 j Do preferred.... 101
Do preferred 65 West Union 91
Bock Island 101% Brooklyn R T 64%
CLOSING BONDS.
T' 8 3s 105% N J C 113%
V a new 4» reg...126% North Car 6s 122
Do coup 127% Do 4s 103
U S 4s 110*4 No Pa*: lsts 11G 7 <4
Do coup lll'/i Do 3s 6C%
Do 2nd» 99 Do 4a 101
IT S 5s reg 111% NYC& St L 45. ...104%
Do 5s coup 112% Nor & W 6a 123
District 3, Cos 117$ Northwest Con . .143*4
Ala class A 108 Do deb 5s 120
Do B 101 JO Nay lsts 113
Do C 100 O Nay 4s 99V4
Do Currency 105 O s Line 6s t r...!29
Atchlson 4s 93% O B Line 5s t T....106M-
Do adj 4b 72 Pacific (,u of '95...
Can Bo 2<ls 10S% Reading 4s M' a
ChKO Term 90% ROW Ists 87
C & Ohio 5s 11G St L& I M Con 5s 96%
C, 11 & D 4%5...104% St L& B F gen 65. 119
I) & R ('. lsts ...111 St P con 169
I) & H C, 4s 97 St PCft P 18t5..120
East Term 15t5.. .107' Do Ze 117%
Erie Gen 4b 60 U So Ry Cs B7H
F W & D lsts t r 74--' Stan It & T 65.... 75
Gen Elec 6s 108% Term new set 3s .. 94
<; H & S A 65.. ..104 Tex Pac L G lsts. 107
Do 2nds 105 Do reg 2ds ..... 43
H& T C rls 11l Union Pac 4s 99%
Do con 8a ........11014 V P D & G lsts.. 77'^
Iwa C 15U5........105 IWab Ist 5s 11."%
%a new con 4b 105 I Do tods BSH
L & N TTT T 4s SO |W Shore 4s 109%
Missouri fis 100 IVa Centuries 18%
M X & T 2nds ... SS% Do deferred .... 5
Do 4s 88% Wls Cent lsts ... 63%
N y con Ists ~~nm
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar OolOntarlo 3 C>
Crown Point 06 Ophir 40
Con Cal & Va .... 88|Plymouth th
Deadwood 40 1 Quicksilver 1 -■«
Gould & Curry ... 10 Do prefa 3)
Hale .<• Nor 70 Sierra Nev 57
Homestake 50 00 Standard 1 •■>
Iron Silver 66 Union Con !•>
Mexican 1" i'ellow Jack 08
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
M ney- Westingh Elec ... 33%
Call loans 2©3 L>o prefd v
Time loan? 3#4 Gen Elec prefd ..167»J
Ati h prefd 34%
Atch T & St Fe.. !2 : v . Atchison 4s 93
Ann Sugar 111-. Gen Elec 5s 106%
!■> preld 107V4 Wis Cen 6s 126%
Bay State Gas IV Mining shares—
!!,■;: Te! -77 \_llouez Mln Co .. 4
B- & Albany ....249 Atlantic 27%
• & Me 163 Boston & M0nt. ..229
Do 1 7" Butte & Boston .. 31
Chi Hur A: Q 11514 Calumet & Hecla 57.".
Pitchburg 104% Centennial l'. |! s
Gen Elec 77 : 2 Franklin l3Va
Mcx ivnt *\ < >u\ Dominion — - 1 -.
Old Colony 192 Osccola 63%
Rubber ssl. Quincy 121
In: :i Pac 32% Tamarack 174
West End S."i Wolverine -•"'-■
Do prefd 10S Parrott 23'-j
■I U-0 Humboldt -I"*
NEW Yiihk MONEY.
SEW YORK, Oct. 21.— Money on call, easier,
■ per cent; last loan. \\ per cent.
Prime mercantile . i per cent.
Sterling c.v hange, firm, with actual busi
ness in bankers- bills at *4 S ■ • 85% tor de
mand and $4 M'-.l for 60 days.
Posted rates. .*■; £
mercinl bills >i - .
Mexican .1 illars, 46*ie.
'i vernment bonds, tinner; State bonds, ac
t'. >c; railroad bunds, firm.
U .\ i" IN MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— The Evening Post's
D financial cablegram s;:ys: There was j
a general recovery In the stock niarkt-:
on the more cheerful views regarding 1
the Fasho.la question and the business on the
Paris bourse. The best pries were not main- ;
tamed, however, and the close was some
Americans were distinctly the firmest market,
arbitrage h uses being short of stock, but the j
New York selling finally caused a dull close.
The New York demand for gold has sin.-k
ened. The price Is rivals
of wold are due next week and it is conjectured
they may go into the Bank of England.
It Is resorted that a meeting of the 1
banks whs held to-day to consider the qu<
of the maturity of large quantities of German '
paper and that it was agreed to arrange so far
as is politic for the renewal of such bills. I
give you the report, though late efforts were
i urrent to 1 beck it.
ci.< (SING:
LONDON, Oct. 21.— Canadian Pacific, S3&;
Grand Trunk, ti 7 ,.
Bar silver, steady, 27% d per ounce.
Mi mey, '■■> per cent.
The rate n th< ipen market for
short bills, 3^j i)»r cent; do, three m
bills, S-.
FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW TORK, Oct. 21 t's Financial
Review to-morrow will Ba:
Dullness of a profound kind settled down on
the stock market t!.:s week. On ;<; least two
days the total trading on the Stock Exchange
less than l 50,( • shares and throughout
en absent and the
linns entirely pi .
sitlon on ali sides it to wait for the el
and the out ■ litical com- ;
: . ns. The rise of the European money
markets and the threatened trouble b I
I and France have led to a me selling 1
by London in our market. In spite of the dull- j
: , the waiting and the uni - 1 dis
: rices have not declined,
ial cases, and the undertone
of the market was strong. The public is not
.. if it will not buy securities .-it
present and holders seem to be encouraged by.
y, the satisfactory r i
. - and traffic aivi the heavy •■x!".rt pur
chase of »ur breadstuff.-,. The pr ifesel nal
fr ta time to time and the raari:-t as .i
displayed greater readiness to advance than
to s»ll off. Bonds have been dull but firm,
though the demand for Governments and the
advance of the new 3 per c*-:it war bonds to
..•!-" among the few features of the week.
The abundance of caoital for investment Is
sh iwn by the large buying or bills of foreign
exchange that is now in ;>r greas and by the
utter indifference of our money market to the
rise of discounts and recent marking up of
bank rates ly by London, but the Conti
nental financial centers.
HANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK. Oct. 21 —The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
ings at S3 cities for the week ended October
21, with the percentage of increase and de
crease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentage.
Cities— Inc. Dec.
New York * 782.002.28fl
• 10a.V7e.411 .... 6.6
Chicago 101.957.028 .... 3.6
Philadelphia 72,496.5n 3.S
ills 30,887.914 2.2
PitUburg 17.227,760 S.O
Baltimore 20,143.868 16.2
San Francisco 19,065.679 17.4
Cincinnati 12,682,350
Kansas City 14,690,970 23.7
New Orleans 7. 4^0. 177 9.8
Minneapolis 12.870.443 4.2
Detroit 7.320,895 3.1
Cleveland 8.908,965 25.3
Louisville 8,875.485 3.2
lenoe 6,617,500 — 17.2 |
Milwaukee 5,363,C60 .... 12.0
Bt Paul 6.149.277
Buffalo 4.439.236 .... 7.S
Omaha 8.42G.!>«7 44.1
Indianapolis 5,981,192 10.3
Columbus, 0 4,3*7, 3"Q 14.8
Savannah 4.508.483 8.9
Denver 3.547.459 33.7
Hartford 2,172.330 .... 12.9
Richmond 2.588,694 17.3
Memphis 2,312.524 .... 4.3
■ Washington 2,215.580 4.6
PeorU 1.775,695
Bter 1,989,440 32.3
i New Haven 1.4*17,453 .... 14.9
i Worcester 1.647.941
I Atlanta 1.847.272 1.9
Salt Lake City 1,909,960 D.4
Springfield. Mass .... L 480.271 .... 5.6
Port Worth 1.648,812 10.3
Portland, Me. 1,611,297 8.5
! Portland, Or 2,2*3, 802 8.3
:Ft Joseph 2,343,528 70.5
; Los AnKf|"3 1,439,726 4.7
i Norfolk 1.0f,&,956
! Syracuse L 074.820 1.3
Dea Moines 1,187,647 16.7
Nashville 1,264.169 17.8
Wilmington, Del 705.256 .... 1.5
I Fall River 531.575 .... 13.7
: Scranton 1,014,225 21.5
: Grand Rapids 977,085 7.0
1 Augusta, Ga 1.156.259 15.2
! Lowell 803,239 .... 23.1
Dayton, 0 867.440 24.5
Seattle 1,5'j1,535 75.1
Tacoma 562.150 7.6
Spokane 1.043.358 35.4
Sioux city 1,030.117 24.5 ....
New Bedford 940,416 3.3
Knoxville. Term 403,494 .... 3.7
Topeka 71R.280 16.8
' Birmingham 487,745
: Wichita 463,000 .... 2.7
: Binghamton 407,400 18. 0
Lincoln 350,317 4.0 ....
' Lexington, Ky 426.158 25.3
Jacksonville, Fla .... 228.716 31.7
I Kalamazoo 816.862 .... 7.3
I Akron 324,200 8.7
Bay City 205.320 .... 38.8
Chattanooga 332,497 10.2
Ror-kford. 11l 209,9*6 10.5
Canton, O 201,518 15.5
Springfield, O 161,443 4.5
Fargr,. N. D 439.400 26.1
Hastings. Neb 109,621 .... 3.3
Fremont. Neb 88,990 29.4
Davenport 733.734 28.5
Toledo 1.540,401 6.0
•Galveston 10.639,300 47.2
•Houston 9,695,597 53.3
• Youngstown 343.961 9.5
••Macon 283,000
••ICvansville SSJ.74B
••Little Rock 335,451
••Helena 801,169
Totals U. 8 $1,821,633,294 1.1
Totals outside N. V.. M 5,631,608, 63 1,608 2.3 ' ....
DOMINION' OF CANADA.
Montreal $ 14,600,794 8.9
I Toronto 8.018,558 4.4
Winnipeg 2,105,146 .... 31.8
Halifax 1.221.510 6.8
Hamilton K32.481 26.5
St. John, N. B 629,816 .... 2.4
Totals $ 27,308,305 2.0
•Not included in totals because containing
other Items than clearings.
••Not Included in totals because of no com
parison for last year.
I'.KAI (STREET'S BUSINESS REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: The dominant feature of the
general business situation is unquestionably the
active foreign demand for wheat, wheat fWur
and, Indeed, all our cereal products, and the
business reported on this account during the
past ten days seems worthy of rank with the
best recorded in any corresponding period.
While straitened stocks abroad and less sat
isfactory advices from other countries, notably
Russia, Australia and Argentina, have fur
nished a plausible basis for much of the recent
activity, an additional stimulating feature was
Injected into the situation this week by the
more warlike appearance of the Franco-British
situation, and the closing days, indeed, wit
nessed war rumors in practical command of the
market, inducing much short covering by
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1898.
steadfast bears. Lest the rather moderate tig
ures of current export should prove disappoint
ing in view of the heavy engagements reported,
it might be remarked that much of this demand
is necessarily what can be termed forward
business, and. Indeed, stocks In this country,
in spite of heavy current deliveries by farmers,
could hardly allow of prompt shipment, even
if the ocean freight situation was not a
strained one. Quotations for freight room have,
in fact, operated as a deterrent feature op this
export business. General distributive trade,
particularly at the North, appears to have
suffered from bad weather condition* this week,
which have interfered with regular business
and deliveries, but on the other hand im-< In
duced considerable buying of boom and shorn,
rubber goods nd heavy clothing at many mnr
kets. Th- situation at the South Id rather more
favorable than for some time past, thin re
sulting mainly from the abrogation of many
senseless quarantine regulations an a result Of
the advance of frost southward toward the
gulf. Some important changes in the situation
of textile goods, and particularly cotton mid
wool products, appear to be Impending Rntlier
more firmness has been Imparted to the Torturr
staple by the talk of frost checking furlhrr
growth of the plant In the South »ud the
establishment at Fall River of th- long-ox
pected and often threatened Joint selllnit as<-ncy
for print cloths and similar goods hoi stiffened
the price of'those products quit* materially. In
wool and woolen goods, too, signs of Improve
ment are a trifle more numerous The foreign
trade situation is about as described last week,
except thai large decreases in a few leading
exports have been partly made up by increased
shipments of American manufactures, and the
nine months' figures point to a complete calen
dar year's business in advance of all prede
cessors in volume of export trade Import
trade begins to show slight Increases over cor
responding periods a year ago, and the substi
tution of dutiable for non-dutiable goods In this
movement points to an easier position In the
customs situation. Prices are quit' 1 strong,
notable in this respect being all the cereals,
lard, pork, cotton, print cloths and raw sugar.
Little chanse Is noted in the iron and steel
market, which, as for some time past, con
tinues quiet as regards new business, though
the mills and foundries are still actively em
ployed. The general industrial situation con
tinues favorable, employment »>•-' 1114 quite gen
eral, particularly In the West, except in the
glass industry, where a shut-down pending a
wage scale settlement exists.
Wheat, Including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 4,485,583. bushels, against 4.729,
996 bushels last week. 5,552,171 bushels in the
corresponding week of 1897, 4,607,221 bushels in
IS&S. 2.658,554 bushels In 1895 and 5.353,774 bush
els in 1594. Since July 1 this year the exports
of wheat aggregate 61.210,889 bushels, against
72.472.203 bushels last year.
Corn exports for the week aggregate 2.397.191
bushels, against 2.795.292 bushels last week.
] 177 543 bushels in this week a year ago, 2,:>7!».
954 bushels In 1896, 1.343 bushels In LS9S and
92.057 bushels in 1894. Since July 1 this year
corn exports aggregate 44.3 434 bushels,
against 47,020,361 bushels during the same period
a car ago.
Business failures in the United States this
week number 213, 20 less than last week, and
comparing with 205 in this week a year ago,
212 In 1596 279 In 1895 and 221 In 1894.
Business failures" In Canada number 24. as
against 22 last week, 27 in this week a year
ago, ii In IS?6 and 36 in lv-:. and 194.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— R. '' Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say to-mtirrow:
With growing foreign demand for American
products, exchange Is Influenced mainly by
political uncertainties abroad. While Europe
awaits the outcome between England and
France about the Upper Nile, the financiers of
all European countries are trying to force
upon each other the burden of providing cash
for the enormous demands of the United States.
England has so managed as to make Fiance
and Germany send most of the gold, and the
resulting war of exchange between foreign
nations checks for the moment the movement
of gold this way. Yet these and all other
causes do not so far hinder business as to pre
vent an excess over the moat prosperous of
previous years. The exchanges through all
daring houses for the past week have been
0.6 per cent larger than last year and 1.7 per
cent larger than in 1592, but outside of New
York for the week transactions were smaller
than in ISI<2.
The outgo of wheat staggers all prophets of
disasters, hut while the price has advanced 3
cents at the West, the rise would have been
much greater but for the feeling that the
enormous foreign demand may not last. Ex
ports, flour Included, have been for the past
week 3.3n5. 536 hushela at Atlantic ports, against
3.576,607 bushels last year, and 523, bushels
from Pacific ports, against 1.2»5.514 last year,
making for the three weeks 11,984,538 buchels,
against 14,227,390 last year. Without doubt
many Western fanners are still holding back
their wheat, and yet the receipts at the chief
Western points have been in three weeks 30,
592,4it4 bushels, against 23,726.801 bushels last
year. It is significant that this heavy demand
continues after foreign crops, officially reported
as fairly large, have been almost everywhere
harvested, the corn exports continue large,
being 2.G34.441 bushels, against 652,877 bushels
last year, and 7.007,009 bushels for three weeks.
against 3,914,764 bushels last year, and although
It is the bottom point of the year for corn,
prices have risen nearly II I,*1 ,* cents during the
week.
While cotton spinners are said to have agreed
upon a selling agency and a curtailment of
production, there Is a better demand for staple
goods and prospect of a better demand in
future. In woolen goods also there has beeen
a marked Improvement during the past week.
and better sales, with extensive inquiry. This
Is reflected in the large transactions In the
wool market, which amounted for the past
week to 4.566.500 pounds, of which 2.714. 4' Xl
pounds were domestic, makinc for the past
three weeks 10,836,100 pounds, against 31.162.7W
pounds for the same week last year, 20,765,500
pounds for the same week In 1896 and 19,481.660
pounds for the same week in 1892. Sales in
Boston have been the largest for nearly two
months, but at some concessions In price,
which are not reported In published quotations.
■With no orders as yet for the next season, th«
manufacturers are altogether encouraged by
the Increase and have reason to believe that
the expected demand has set in But there is
yet the fact that the current demand is largely
for low-priced goods.
There Is much hesitation In the iron and
eteel trade, partly because the ontcome of vari
ous combinations in Bessemer pig, steel rails,
bars wire nails and the like cannot yet be
definitely anticipated. If general buying was
expected to result from these movements It has
not appeared thus far. Yet prices of domestic
products have not declined, and although the
tone Is somewhat weaker for bars and plates
quotations are in part sustained by consider
able orders for exports. The plate mills have
received orders for 20,000 tons from the Govern
ment for ship purposes, and the bar and billet
mills have a very encouraging demand.
Failures for the week have been 221 in the
Unitedp States, against 224 last year, and 24 in
Canada, against 36 last year.
NEW TORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Oct 21- FLOUR— Receipts, 27,
000 barrels: exports, 18,000.
WHEAT— Receipts. 191,475 bushels; exports,
185,185. Spot easy: No. 2 red, 77% f. n. b. afloat.
Options opened lower through foreign selling,
weak cables and the more peaceful political
outlook abroad. A subsequent rally on export
demand was finally lost under long selling;
closed l%c net lower. No. 2 red May, :....■
73% c. closed 72% c.
(PS— Strong.
WOOL Steady.
METALS— market for metals was very
irregular In some departments to-day, tin and
load in particular showing unstahillty, with
business spasmodically active. Hesitation was
noted In other departments and some rather
startling developments are looked for early
next week. At the close the Metal Exchange
called: , ._ : „ ,
PIGIRON— unchanged; t" bid. $7 15
LAKE Unchanged; buyers and seH
"tIN— Unsettled; spot, $17 70; futures, $17 40
bl L' EAID-W*aktE A I D-W*akt |3 75 bid. $3 77% asked. Th.
firm fixing the settling price for leading West
ern miners and smelters quotes lead at $3 60.
SPELTER— Unchanged; buyers and sellers at
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points lower. Sales. 50.000 bags, including
March $6 "0. Spot coffee— Market dull, easy;
NoTT Invoice, 6c; No. 7 jobbing. • 6%c; mild,
d GAR— a 'firm, 'held higher; fair refining,
'SUGAR— Raw firm, held higher; fair refining,
S%c; centrifugal. 96 test. 4V*c; molasses, 3%c;
re mfTTEß^Receipts, 3318 packages. Firmer;
Western creamery, 15@23c; Elglns. 22% c; fac
tory IW&H%c
EGGS— Receipts, 3631 packages. Western, 20c.
DRIES FRUITS.
N'ETV' YORK, Oct. California dried fruits
fi FV^APORATED APPI-.ES — Common, 7®Sc:
prime wire tray. B%c; choice. 8c; fancy, 9V4c.
PRUNFS— 5 1 4®9%c, as to size and duality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 11@13%c; Moorpark, ll@
17 PEACHES— Unpeeled, 8%@Ilc; peeled, 14®
18c per pound.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Oct. 21.— disappearance of the
European war rumors and cable advices that
the Continental markets were entirely indiffer
ent to the excitement raised yesterday caused
a cessation In the Inflated prices of wheat at
the opening:. English consols had also re
covered yesterday's decline and wheat at Liv
erpool closed 1%@1%c lower than last nlßht.
With such an array of conditions confronting
them even the most radical bulls considered it
prudent to at least wait for a reaction in
prices. Export clearings from the Atlantic
ports were equal to 621,000 bushels, and Chicago
receipts only amounted to 237 cars, against 247
for the same day last year. There was a
good general trade and December wheat opened
V; i. lower at 67@-6"Uc, ranged between 66% c
to 87% c during the forenoon. As the session
neared the close it was evident that the offer
ings of the last two days were more than that
market could absorb and December stood off
to 66% c and closed at C6%c, a loss of iv 4c4 c from
yesterday. May kept precisely lc premium and
closed at 67V
Better weather, lower cables and a disappear
ance of the Nile incident counted against corn
at the start. There was generous selling of
long corn by large Interests, and despite heavy
covering by shorts there was quite a backset
In prices. December left off with a loss of 1@
ltye.
Oats were weakened with the other grains
and on influential sclUnsr both to take Profits
and for the short account. May closed Me
barge receipts of hogs everywhere, the weak
ness in grains and liberal selling by English
houses affected provisions. A weak turn in the
grain market at the close sent the provision
market down to the lowest flsure of the ses
sion. Pork, lard and ribs each left off 10c
lower.
The lending futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. — cl .m,
October ■••■ ••"•
December" I.""".'"! 67% 87* ««% |>6%
M... ......I: 68% 65% 67% 67%
Corn No. 2—2 — _.., ,,
October ?.' 81% 31% 31.4 '1%
December 32' i 32% 31 £ 31%
May 34% 34% 33% Ai?S
Oat* Nn, : 23H 234 „„,, 23
December 28% 234 22\ -i
May 24% 24% 23vi *«
Mess Pork, per bbl — . -
December 8 07% 8 07% 8 02% 8 02%
January 920 930 920 9 22%
Lard, per 100 lbs— M . M
December 505 505 500 500
January 5 12% 6 12% 5 07% o 0.%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— . ,_
October 5 35 5 35 5 3o 5 3o
January 4 82% 4 82% 4 77% * T?%
Cash Quotations were as follows: FJour,
uteady; No 2 Spring Wheat, ou;."j.c; No. ..
Spring Wheat, i.r. ■/ »; : ■■<■ ; No. 2 Red, 69c : No. Z
Corn. Sl%c; No. 2 oats. 23% c; No. 2 White. 2r>
No. 3 White. 25@26c: No. 2 Rye. Sic;
\ , 2 Barley. 34%@47c: No. I Flaxseed, ■>■■■'
Piime Timothy Seed, *2 35; Mess Pork.
per" t>b! $•* 05®8 10: Lard, per 100 lbs, Jj oo@s 1 .
Short K.l.s Sides (loose). J5 15©5 40; Dry Salted
Shoulders (boxed). ?4 50@4 7:.; Short Clear hides
(boxed), *." :■'"'/.■■ W; Whisky, distillers finished
goods, p-T gallon, $1 2.".
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 23 ".OW
Wheat, busheb- 22i lOii^
Com. bushels 397.000 -*• - 1 -"""
OatS bushels 3.",000 ;u.-.."iKi
i Rye. bushels
Bariey, bushels 109.000 ___ 128,000
On the Produce Exchange '..lay the butter
market was steady; Creameries, 13@21c; Dair
ies, 12©18 c Ebbs firm: fresh, 15c. Cheese
I ilrm: Creameries, 7%@9%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts, Shipments,
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 318.400 60.500
I Duiuth 52C.256 415.374
Milwaukee 63.700 J. 600
Chicago 221.750 08.071
Toledo , 42.619 146/ 00
St ' l^uis' '..'.. 56.000 37,000
Detroit 23.W13 48.485
Kansas City -■ T4.OW) D 7.500
f Totals 1,366.698 916,830
, : Tidewater— • 82.470
Boston *6.0"0 52.470
I New York .. !«•■«"• 1 80 - 185
. Philadelphia 73,396 -■'•' 4l
! Baltimore 131. 513 ......
New Orleans •■••• 64 ' lbo
I Galveston ;>.>.ft2S
Totals ...459.612 829.756
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Oct. Dec. Mar.
Opening «j J
Closing "IT* b 0V *
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Oct. -Apr.
t ipening ::::;;;;;".::::;".:SS 4 : ■}■'
ng **> l» 47 10
heat— "jo |g
Opening - -- '•'
Closing 7^ 22 10 MlO
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
< t.MAHA
OMAHA. Oct. CATTLE Receipts EOOO.
Steady. Native beef steers, $4 50@5 40; West
ern steers, $3 8004 50; cows and heifers, $3 250
4; canners, $2 2503: stockers and feeders, $3 50@
4 50; calves, j; '■ •<•'■ '■■•■ bulls and stags, $2 2.">
@3 SO.
Receipts, 8500. Market 5c lower.
Heavy. 13 6003 70; mixed, $3 624fi3 67' 2 ; light.
$3 62Va3 72^: bulk of sales. $3 624^3 70.
SHEEP Receipts, 1000. Market strong. Na
tive muttons. $3 80 j « 10; Westerns, $3 60-34 25;
Btockers, $3 50<g4 10; lambs, $4 :»'3o 50.
KANSAS TITT.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 21.— CATTLE— Receipts,
6000. Best steady: others weak. Native steers,
$3 25@5 40; cows and heifers, • $1 5004 75; stock
era and feeders, $2 6504 35; bulls. $2 50©3 75.
H<"i.- Receipts. 12,000. Market weak to fa
lower. Hulk of pales, $3 6003 75; heavies, $3 65@
3 75; packers, $•'< .:■■..■: ;>, mixed and lights,
53 >'> 67^: pigs. $3® 3 60.
SHEEP Receipts. 4000. Market steady.
Lambs, $406 25; muttons, $3 25Q4 25.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Oct. 21.— CATTLE— ruled
easy. Choice steers, $5 4501 50; medium. Ji 90<3>
f. 15; beef steers, $4 1004 Bo; stockera and feed
' ers, $3'< M 55; bulls, $2 5004 25; cows and heifers,
i S3 5004 25; calves, $3 25® 7 50; Western rangers,
is 2 70W4 20: Western reed steers, Jl lO@s 50;
Texans. $3 2004 25.
I HOGS— In good demand. Fair to choice. $3 SO
i ©3 95; packing lots, $3 5003 80; butchers, $3 .V.*
3 97>i! mixed, J3 55(g3 95; lights, $3 50@3 96; pigs,
f. 80#3 SO.
SHEEP— Trade was active on a basis of $3'(j)
I 4 75 for inferior to prime sheep, $4 75^5 for
1 yearlings and $4(iJ6 for spring lambs. Western
j range sheep, $4 30@4 50: feeders, *4.m 25;
i yearling feeders, $4 50. For laml>R the ruling
| prices were JKge, feeders bringing i^db 13;
! choice Idaho range lambs sold for $.'■ 60.
! Receipts— Cattle, 4600; Hog«. 84.000; Sheep,
12,000.
DENVER.
DENVER. Oct. 21.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1500.
Market very active on feeders. Beer steers,
il3 7S(j?4 26; cows. (2 6003 50; feeders, freight
1 paid to river, $3 7504 30; stocken do, $3 70^4 25;
I bulls, stags, etc., |2®S.
HOGS- Receipts, 300. Market steady. Light
packers. $3 70®3 75; mixed, $3 6603 75; heavy,
' }3 f.5t?3 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, 7000. Market firm. Good
j fat muttons, *3 50@4 25; lambs, J4 25<f|5.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT BALES.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
to-day as follows:
NEW YORK. Oct. 21.— Grapes— Tokay, $1 200
l go average $1 57; double crates*. $3 10(??3 60.
average $3 25; Cornlchon, $1 50@l 66, average
{1 55- Muscat, $1 65«?1 80. average $1 77. Pears -
Morceau, $1 80 1? 2 40, average $2 31; Easter
Beurre $1 So@2 40, average $2 Prunes— Silver,
$1 60; Italian, $105 g136. average $110. Seven
cars sold. •
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Oct. 31.— Consols, 10S 15-16: silver.
27?; d: French rentes. 101 77% c; wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing; • xrgoes on passage,
sellers at advance 6d; English country markets,
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 21.— Wheat, firm: wheat in
Paris, easy; flour in Paris, easy; French coun
try markets, firm.
COTTON— 3 l-16d.
CLOSE:
WHEAT— Futures closed steady: October,
nominal; December, fis 17* d:1 7 *d: March. 6s >4d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or., Oct. 21.— Clearances, $292,
854; balances, SM.Tso.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 21.— Wheat offering*
have been so heavy during the past week that
dealers are pretty well loaded up, and In view
of *he short supply of nearby tonnagre, were
tnkli.K matters very easy to-day. Exporters
continued to quote 61'a62c for Walla Walla,
with Valley bringing 64c and Blue Stem 65
(&66c.
Cleared— Bark Inversnald, for Queenstown.
with 87,643 bushels wheat; bark Forthbank, for
Queenstown, with 76, Sin bushels wheat.
Foreign wheat shipments for the week end
ing to-day amounted to 403, 540 bushels. Flour
shipments were 13.10S barrels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 21.— Wheat, Club. 60Vjc; Blue
Stem. 63H@64c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Storllng Exchange, 60 days — $4 82%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 851J
Sterling Cables — 4 85%
New York Exchange, sight — 17V*
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
Fino Silver, per ounce — 60V4
Mexican Dollars 47% 47%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Lower prices ruled, both on and oft
call, in sympathy with weaker quotations from
the East and Europe. Business was brisk on
call but quieter on the spot.
Snot Wheat— Shipping, $1 21>..;@1 22%; milling,
$1 2.V.71 26%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
r.S 000 Ctls, $1 24%; 14,000, $1 24%; 38,000, $1 24;
18.000. $1 24%.
Second SepHion— December— 2B,ooo ctls, $1 24%:
14,(i00, $1 24%; 12,000. $1 24%; 2000, $1 24Va. May—
4000, $1 26%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls
M. 21%; 6000. $123%; 10,000, $124. May— lo,ooo,
$1 25 14.
Afternoon Session — December — 4000 ctls.
$1 24%: 12,000. $124; 2000, $123 7 /4; SOOO. $123*;
8000. $1 23%; 6000, $1 23V*. May— 4ooo, $1 25.
BARLEY— The market is slightly off and
dull. Small sales of brewing are reported at
the quotations.
Feed. $1 2CK&I 22%; Brewing. $1 25@1 30. for
No. 2.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No pales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon SBeslon— December— 2loo ctls, $1 24.
OATS— Fair sales are reported at the quota
tlfin. The feeling Is steady.
Fancy Feed, $1 25 per ctl; good to choice.
11 2001 22%; common. $1 ir><3l 17%; Surprise.
$1 30ig 1 3.".; Gray, $1 15@1 17%; milling. $1 20®
1 27V4 per ctl; Red. $140(3145; Black, $150®
1 70.
CORN— There Is not much going on. Re
ceipts from the East continue free.
Small round yellow, Jl 20; Eastern large yel
low, U 02Vi<jl 06; white, $1 02%@l OS; mixed,
$1«?1 02V4 per cl!; California White, *1 05(gl 07 £*
California, Jl 20@l 22' i; Eastern, 111.-4
per ctl. , , .. 7 r
BUCKWHEAT— Eastern is quoted at *l 'a
per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The China steamer took out 4310 barrels flour.
FLOUR— Family extras. $4 15@4 25: bakers
extras, $4 per bbl. .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as rol
tows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 7o per
100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50;_ extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 25; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $3 2;>iy3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4®4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina,
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, *3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $5 85©6 25; in sacks, $5 65©6 05; 1 ear l
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas. $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market rules dull, as buyers are
Indifferent. Prices are unchanged. Bran is
quiet.
BRAN— Jls@lfl per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIB@2O per ton.
FEEDBTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $26 per ton;
Oilcake Meal ;it the mill. *3iy3l 50; Jobbing.
$32Ct32 r.O; Cocoanut Cake, %2V&2 r o; Cottonseed
Meal J2S@3fl per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50@24 50;
Cracked Corn, $:'!■; :•:..
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $17@1S 50 for
good to choice and $15@16 for lower grades; no
fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat, J15&17 50;
Oat. $14® 16 60; Island Barley, $12 50@13 30; Al
falfa, $10® 11; Stock, $11© 11'; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— tFrom Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
nominal.
STRAW— SO*f 7Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The situation In Beans remains as before.
Colored being weak and White steady. Pinks
are lower.
Seeds and dried Peas are undisturbed.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 80.&1 90; Small Whites,
$2 or.r«'2 17%: Large Whites. $1 «o#l 70: Pinks.
$1806190- Reds nominal; Blackeye, $3 23@3 r.O;
Butters, nominal: Limas, »3 2S$3 30; Pea, *1 90®
2 10; Red Kidneys, $2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 50@4 75 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $454 25; Flax, nominal; Ca
nary Seed, 'a2\>- n«r 1b; Alfalfa. f><iif>V,c;
Rape, 2Vi@2^c: Hemp.'2^@3c; Timothy. 5@5%c.
DRIEu PEAS— *1 25^1 40; Green, »l 5U
' (5 1 75 per ctl.
i POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Dull and unchanged all around.
POTATOES- lO<g>6Oc tor Early Hose and 33@
50c. for River Burbanks; S«.linas Burbanks, 75c
i?sl 20; Oregon, 66c@$l; Sweet Potatoes, 75c@'$l
for nearby and $lig 1 25 for Merced.
ONIONS- 30040 c per ctl; Pickle Onions 35(9
51 • per ctl.
VjSGETA BLEB— Green Peas. 303% c; String
Beans'. 2@Bc; Lima Beans, 75c0|l per sack;
Bay Squash, 30040 c; Green Peppers, SOOCOc fur
Chill and 50060 c for Bell; Cabbage, soc; Car
rots, 35050 c per sack; Bay Cucumbers, 40ijrf>0c;
Tomatoes, 40065 c; Garlic, 3c per 1b; Green
Okra, :.'-:'".., Dried Okra, 10c per It>; Egg
Plant, i'>li*>oc per box; Marrowfat Squash, $S<3>
K 1 per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per rb In lots of 25 lbs; sliced,
desiccated, 16018 c; granulated, raw. 13c;
Onions, bOc; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage. 30c: Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 26c;
String Beans. 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Poultry rules dull and weak, with the excep
tion of Ducks, which are somewhat higher.
Game stands about the same.
POULTRY— Live TurKeys. I4'f?i. r .c for Gob
blers and 13@14c for Hens; Geeese, per pair,
$1 2o@l 50; Goslings, $1 25<31 50; Ducks, $405 50
for old and M@s 50 for young: Hens, $4«T5 50;
Roosters, young, $4(55; Roosters, old. }4m~ .
Fryers. $3 '.!"■, M. Broilers, »50 for large; $3@:
325 for small ; Pigeons, $lt?l 25 per dozen for
old and »i 50 ft for squabs.
GAME—
Quail. 1302 25; Mallard. IS 5006 50: Canvas
back, J7 50®9: Sprig, $304; Teal. J2 5003: Wid
geon, $202 50: Small Duck, $1 5002; English
Snipe, Jl 50; Jack Snipe, $10] 25: Gray Geese,
$2: White Geese, Jl: Hare, $i ; Rabbits, |1 25-^1
1 B0 C< r Cottontails and Jl for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Quotations for all kinds remained the same.
Butter continued weak, with heavy supplies.
Choice Eggs were steady.
BUT]
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 25<g26c; sec
onds. 20@24e.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 22Vi@23^ic; common
grades, 20<£i22c.
I'ickled Goods— Firkin, 18020 c; pickled roll,
];";.'!<" , creamery tub, 21<g22^c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16<£16V&c per
Ib: Elgin. 22®22Hc.
CHEESE— mild. new, 10®llc: old, S\4@
W4c; Cream Cheddar. 10@llc; Young America,
10'/j@HHc; Eastern. 12$ 13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eicgs, 30«5 35c per dozen: store
Eggs, 18»z25c: Eastern. 15@lSc for ordinary and
22@23c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Wine Grapes continue to go up.
A further advance In Cantaloupes In noted.
Otherwise the market shows no change.
DECIDUI »US FRUITS—
Strawberries, $1 50@4 per chest for large and
$'.<! 9 for small.
Figs. 25<ff50c per box, double layers.
Cantaloupes. 75c®$l 25 per crate; Nutmegs,
35'i?7'.c per box; Watermelons, $15617 per hun
dred for large and $B@l2 for small to medium.
Huckleberries. .".•fj'k- per lb.
Quinces, 75c@$1 per box.
Pomegranates 60@90c per small box.
Cranberries. $8 per barrel for Eastern and
$2 " '■- 75 per box for Coos Bay.
Ordinary Grapes, 20@i0c per box: crates sell
about 10c higher than b»xe-«: Isabellas. 50<ffc*5c
per crate; Wine Grapes, $19<g22 per ton for Zin
fandel and $14<§17 for common kinds.
Plums, 50(JJ75c per crate and box.
Peaches, 50@75c per box.
Raspberries, }5(?i6 per chest.
' Apples, 35<??60c for common, 75@85c per box
for No. 1 and 60c@$l for choice.
Winter Pears, 36®75<! per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. $1 50«?2 50 for
Valencias, $1 25<S1 50 for Mediterranean Swe-ita
and Jl'iil 25 tor Seedlings; Lemons. $1 b<)-fi2 50
for common and $305 for good to choice; Mex
ican Limes, none here; California Limes, ;
Bananas. $! 25@2 25 per bunch; Pineapples, $3
(§4 per dozen.
PRIED FRUITS. NUTS. RAISINS. ETC.
Peaches continue in active demand at firm
figures, but everything else Is quiet. Oregon
Prunes. i's to 50s, are said to be offering; there
for Eastern shipment at : He. They are not
French, but Italians, and are tarter than the
California Prune. Eastern buyers are using
these goods to weaken the California product.
PRIED FRUlT— Prunes. 6V£<s7c for 40-50' s
E@sV4c for 50-60's. 4W4Vi for 80-70' a. 3*4@3V4c for
70-80's. 2*4(&3c tor 80-9<Vs. 2U<ii'2!4c for 90- 100' s
and l ii?r2c for 100-110' Silver Prunes. R<fr7c:
Peaches, 6@7%c for Rood to choice. 7'-i'iTßc for
fancy and 10@12V4c for peeled; Apricots. 10®
12c for Royals and 12fffl2«*c for Moorparit":
Evaporated Apples, 7»4@7%e; sun drl*l, 445
4U.c; Black Figs, sacks. 2©J%C; Plum*, VAft
6c for pitted and l@l*4c tor unpitt^J; Nec
tarines, 6@70 for prime to fancy; Pears, 3<ipc
for quarters and S(s9c for halves.
RAISINS— for two-crown, ie for thr#»
crown. 4%c for four-crown. 4 1 i<?5 1 6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3>4c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 50
for London Layers; Dried. Grapes, 2c.
NUTS— Walnuts, 6c for hardshell, 7c for soft
shell; Almonds, 5«T6c for harlsn*ll, l?c for
softHhell, 13*7 for paper-shell; Peanuts, i@
6Hc for Eastern and 4' 2 c for California; Pc-
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and B@9e
for lower grades; water white extracted, B l^®
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, s@sV4c
per Id.
BEESWAX— 24<?2Kc per lb. .
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 7%c per lb for
heavy. Sc for light medium, 10c for light. 10»4c
for extra light and 12(&124c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 10c; California
Hams, 9@9V4c; Mess Beef. $10@10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef. $11«J>11 50: Family Beef. $12<gi
12 60; extra Prime Pork. $10; extra clear. $IS@
18 50; mess. $15 50@16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c
per !b.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 5%c per lb
for compound and 6*i@7c for pure; pails, 7Hc;
California tierces, 4M(o'sc per lb for compound
and 6c for pure: half bar-"ls, 6>-ic: 10-lb tins,
7Uc; B-lb tins. Tic.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6T4@6Hc: packages
less than 800 lbs— l-lb palls, 60 in a case, 9V6c;
3-lb pails, 20 In a case, ISc; 5-lb palls, 12 in a
case, BV4c: 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, S%c; 50-lb
tins. 1 or 2 In a case. 7<4c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, BHc: fancy tubs. 80 lbs net. 7%c; half
br— els. about 110 lbs. 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, VC" AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, BV4c: Cow
hides. BV>©SMic; Stags. 6c: salted Kip. 9c: Calf,
9c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands,
12(f?13c: dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry calf. 17c;
Sheepskins/ shearlings, 15«?25c each: short wool,
So@soc each: medium, 60@80c; long wool, 90c®
$1 10 each; Horse Hides salt. $1 75§2 for large
and sit/ 1 50 for small; Colts, 25<g'60c: Horse
Hides, dry, $1 50@l 75 for large and $1 for
small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3Ufff3Hc per lb;
No. 2. 2%<S 1 2% c; refined. 4H@4%c: Grease, 2c.
WOOL— clip Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
free Northern, 9i??l2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain. 12 months', 94i11c; San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 , months', SiS'lOc: Foothill and
Northern, free. 12!(?14c: Foothill and Northern,
defective, 10@12c: Middle County. 13«5>16c; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno. 14®16c; Nevada, 10®14c;
Eastern Oregon. 10@12c: Valley Oregon, 16®17c.
HOPS— IB9B crop. Il<ai4c per Ib.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
NAGS— Calcutta Grain Baps for next season,
nominal, at *%<fii>f; Wool Bass. 26@2Sc; San
Quentln Bags, $4 85; Fruit Bags, oc, 5%c and
r>V for the three grades of white and 7@Bc for
brown.
COAL— Wellington, $S p#r ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$<3; Bryant, $6; Coon Bay. $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch. $8; Cumberland, $10 In bulk and $11 2S
In racks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke. $12 per ton In bulk and $14
In sacks.
RlCE— China mixed, $4 10@4 15; China No. 1,
$4 70@3 10; extra do. $5 30(f5 CO; Hawaiian.
$5 37M!@5 50; Japan, $5 So!g6 40; Louisiana, Jo oO
@6 50.
SUGAR— The Western Sujrar Renning Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube Crushed
anu Fine Crushed, 7V»e; Powdered. 6%c: Candy
Granulated, 6'/£c; Dry Granulated, 6c; Confec
tioners' A, 6c; California A, f^ic; Magnolia A,
5?; c; Extra C. .".He; Golden C, o^c: half-barrete,
V 4 c more than barrels, and boxes \-/~ more. No
ordf-r taken lor less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
CANNED GOODS— Shipment of 34.430 cases
fruit and 58,695 cases salmon to London.
SAX FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Though there are a good many Hogs coming
in at the moment, a choice lot would brins the
ton quotation without difficulty.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— quality, 6@6^c; second quality,
sVic ; third quality, 4@Jc.
VEAL— Large, 3(??6c; small, 6%@Bc per lb.
MUTTON— 6@7c; Ewes. 6ti6>*c per
lb.
LAMB— Lamb, 7%@Bc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3%@3%c for large. 4@4%c
for medium and S'^igS'.ic for small; stock Hofe-d.
2@3c; dressed Hogs, sVi@6Vic.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday, October 21.
Flour, qr sks ... 2.52K Hops. bales M
Barley, ctls 1,035 Wool, bales 193
Corn, ctls 2.i Pelts, bdls 517
Cheese, ctls 169 Hides, n<> 867
Butter, ctls lib Eggs, doz R. 640
Tallow, ctls 1.-.2 Leather, rolls ... 142
Potatoes, sks ... 3,995 Wine. gal* 96.900
Bran, ska 990 Brandy, gals .... 5.880
Onions, sks 260 Sugar, bags 3.417
Middlings. Ffcs .. 42.i Do hbls 27.",
Shorts, sks 83 Raisins, bxs 2,620
Beans, sks 4,666 Lime, ÜbU 183
Hay. tons 36J Chicory, bbls 3J
Straw, tons 12
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 3>',lfay, tons 10
EASTERN.
Com. ctls 1.2001
FAMILY RETAIL MARKKT.
Butter is cheaper. Eggs and Cheese are un
changed.
The Poultry market is well supplied with all !
kinds. Game, though lower than last week, Is
Mill too dear for the average purse, and a good
deal of it cornea in half spoiled.
Fruits an. Vegetables sell at about last i
week's prices.
Following ia The Call's regular weekly i
price list:
Coal, per ton —
Cannel $ 012 OOi Castle Gate. .s9 60@
Wellington . - — 4JplO OO'Smithneld
New Welling- I Wellington @9 50
ton $10 00. Coos Bay «» 7 uo
Seattle 8 00® 1
Dairy Produce, etc.—
■ Butter, fancy. per I Cheese, Swiss 20@23
square <a".."> Common Eggs 25@30
Do. per roll @50> Ranch Eggs, per
Do, good 4",<f— dozen 35@40
Pickled — Honey Comb, per
Firkin, per 1b...— lb 12@15
Cheese, Cal — &12 Do, extracted...— ©lo
Cheese, Eastern... IC@— |
Meats, per lb.—
i Bacon 12017 Pork, fresh —(512
lieef, choice '012 Pork, salt i> .;, ■"•
Do. good B@lo Pork, chops — &12
Corned Beef —<S S Round Stake... 10O—
Ham, Ca! 12^fjl.i Sirloin Stake.... l2'^^—
Do, Eastern — @15 I Porterhouse, d0...17@20
Lard 12<ii 15 1 Smoked Beef 12@15
Mutton — @10 Pork Sausages Ti2o
Spring Lamb 12@— : Veal 10@15
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 50-3 65 1 Hare, each *; 20
Young Roost- I Quail, pr doz.s2 50<ff3 00
ers, each 60@ 73 Mallard, pair.l 00^1 50
Old Roosters, Sprig, pr pair. 75«! 100
each 40<f? 50 Tea!, pr pair.. — g 75
Fryers, each.. BO® 60 Widgeon, pair s>~«7j- 7."
Broilers, each. SOW 40 Small Duck 40& 50
Turkeys, pr lb 18«2> 20 IWild1 Wild Geese, pr
Ducks, each... SOW 75 pair — — <S> 50
Geese, each... 1 0001 25 English Snipe,
Pigeons, pair.. 25© 50 1 per doz 3 00<g
Rabbits, pair. 1? 40 ! Jack Snipe 1 50@2 00
Fruits and Xuts—
Almonds, lb 10^12 i Oranges, doz 2<)faV<
Apples, lb 4(g 6 ; Pears, per lb t@ 6
Bananas, doz 15020 Peaches, per 1b... iff 6 I
Cantaloupes, eachlo<?2o Plums, lb 4./ 5
Cranberries, per Quinces, per 1b... s(§> 6
quart 12% Raspberries. per
Figs, per lb tit 8 drawer 4C@SO
Grapes, per lb 4Q 1 S ! Raisins, lb 5@W
Huckleberries, per ] Strawberries, per i
lb K'g'lOi drawer 25'<5'50 1
Lemons, doz 25(9— Walnuts, lb 12^13
Limes, doz 10@15| Watermelons, .
Nutmeg Melons... sg'lO! each 15025
Vegetables —
Artichokes, doz. Green Okra. lb fi'S S
Beets, dnz 12@15 Mushrooms, lb — (it—
Beans, white, lb.. 4fg 5 Onions, lh 4(2; 5
Colored. lb \ d 5 Peppers, green 44a 6
Lima, lb 5*3 SI Potatoes, lb 2'q 3
Cabbage, each 54910 ! Do, Sweet 4& 5
Cauliflowers, each 5010 Parsnips, doz 154920
Celery, bunch s<ii— \ Radishes, dz bchsl')fl2
Cress, doz bnchs..2oS2s;Sage', doz bnchs.. 2so-35
Cucumbers, . .151120 String Beans, lb.. 4# 5
Egg Plant, per lb 4ffT 6 Summer Squash.
Green- Corn, doz. .12030 per !b 4@ 5
Green Peas, 1b....— iff 3 j Thyme, lb 20©-80
Lentils, ib 60 8 Turnips, doz 15@20
Lettuce, doz 15«@23' Tomatoes, lb 3® 4 |
Fish, per lb.—
Barracuda SfflO! Shrimps S®lo
Carp 6 Shad — @10
Codfish SOIO Sea Bass —©10 1
Flounders 5© 6 Smelts 10@12 i
Herring — @— Soles SifHO !
Halibut 8e»10 Skates, each 5«ilO
Kingfish Tnmcod —(910
Mackerel — o — l Claras, gal — (950
Do, Horse S3— !Do, hardshell, 100.40-550
Perch S@lo Crabs, each 10-515
Pompano 60075 Do, softshell. doz: 35
Rockflsh — 10 Mussels, qt 10(^12
Salmon, smoke<l..2o@—f Oysters, Cal, 100.. 401?—
Salmon, fresh 150— (Do, Eastern, d0z.25@40
Sturgeon 10<&12'
Profits in Mexico.
Bis profits in Mexican coffee and rub
ber lands. The Mexican Tropical Planters'
Co., with paid up capital of $200,000, offer
to investors a safe, legitimate investment
that will pay for itself out of first two
crops; l"0 per cent profits thereafter.
Large illustrated catalogue giving valu
able Information about Mexico and her
vast resources, mailed froo. Address S.
('. Wins, 426 Bradbury Building, Los An
geles, Cal. •
HOTEL ARRIVALS,
GRAND HOTEL.
H Johnson. Los An« jMrs Carlson. S Jose
Mrs H Johnson, L Ang'S Whitehead. Chicago
C Woodcook, N V H Harlow, Tulare
Mrs C Woodcock. N YlMra M de Candia. Stck
C N Stewart, London IC Jeffers. Minneapolis
W A Pierce & w. N V W C Good. Cal
G Shirmer, Denver F A Randall. Chgo
Mrs E C Small. lowa E Taylor. Cal
D Hollister. Courtlnd |G W Williams & w Cal
Mrs Hollister, Courtld |B McCullough. Cal
H M Gregory, L Gatoa jW Turner, Martinez
W Campbell. Palo Alto A Anderson. Suisun
H Todd, Oakland J Scoley, Kansas City
M Lambert, Stm Queen H Andrews. R^d Bluff
H Draper, Alameda N Yerber, Sacto
A Criley, Dunham I W Douglas, Sacto
E J May, Seattle A P Hall. Cal
H D Sill. Syracuse T W Roalt, Stockton
D McNeill, A Arbor W Buckley, Stockton
G Hawes. Portland { Dr Green. Watsonville
A H James. Solano | F Macgurn, Detroit
H James. Solano J Barr. Glasgow
F Putnam, Cal ! S A Smith, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
F Barbour. Palo Alto J O Shea, Oil City
A Hazelton, NY C J Wackewrenter, NY
E A Hiller, N V W House S Ana
F Phillips. Chicago H W Keller. L Ang
Mrs Phillips, Chicago J Schumacher. L Ang
E O Hull. Milwaukee O D Stevens. Boston
F A Whelan, Balto Mrs Graham, L Ang
Mrs Whelan, Balto Miss Graham, L Ang
J O Mayne, Mo jMrs S A Wilder, N V
Mrs Mayne. Mo :Miss M Wilder, N V
H B Vercoe, London I Mrs C II Rrntley, Sac
Mrs Vercoe, London |W T Rambo, Stanford
Mrs McLaughlin, S Cz;H Florshelm Chicago
Miss McLaughlin, S Cz S Hogan, Chicago
J Hargrai't, Toronto C F Hil.hett, USX
BALDWIN HOTEL.
F Green, U S N 'Jrs Mlgliavacca, Napa
Mrs Partridge, Oaklnd -liss M Migliavacca.Np
I Reynolilo & w. Bostn W A Gill, U S N
R Duncan. Salt Lake Mrs J Oliver. Stockton
W Knlppenberg, Ls An H Green, Chicago
T F McKee & w, S Jos.-- □ F Cole. Cal
W II Cook. Ft Point F Chevalier, St Helena
Mrs A Smith. Cal H A Quest .t w, Aubrn
XV Lavlgne ,t w. Mich \V E Swain, it. nicla
U' Vogel & w. Seattle :F C Whitthorn. Term
H Anderson A w. Cal IMrs N J Norrls, Sallns
B H May. New York |E L Pearsall. N V
F Dodd. Fresno X I> Scott Stockton
J A King & W, Ls Ang Mrs J A Klciser, Cal
Miss Migllavacca.Napa
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
R M Ryby & w. NY C Brock, Fresno
A D Polk, Salinas P Reynolds. H Vista
E A Hayden, S Rosa J Simpson, Tacoma
G Parker, Portland F Powers. Victoria
S Parker. Portland J C Marks, o.ik.iale
H A Black, L Ang D Fletcher, S,.nora
J Flaherty ft w, Portld C Claussen, Idaho
P H Moll. NY W S Morrison, S Jose
C Ball. Stockton 3 Maxwell. L Ang
J W Park, Visalia
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
October, 189 S.
Th.
Pr.
;
s
Sa.
1
(
Moon* Phases.
Jo-Last Quarter,
<& October T.
,^. New Moon.
V 5/ October 15.
-«kFlr»i Quarter,
$? October 23.
Full Ko^i,
©Kul- h.c-^i,
October 29.
r
1&
IT
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained r -sarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean <•. mmerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphi
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was ;
on time or givinK the error, if any. i* pul
in the morning papers the following day.
Knsi^n (retired), r. 3. N'.. in ■ '
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-.
Times and Heights of High and L nw
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. •
NOTE— high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both plarr. s
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 22.
Sun rises
Sun seta
Moon sets
ClTlme! [Time! jTim"' Time
P' Feet. Feet. |Feet.| — —
22 j 6:16; 4.6111:04! 3.1: 4:44 4.9 11:4=
NOTE — In the above expoeltii of the tiles
trie early morning tides are given in the left
! hand column and the successive tides of tan
i day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide f
the day, the third time column the third tido
and the last or right hand column gives th»
i last tide of the day, except when there arc but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign <— precedes the lif-u-ht.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lnwpr low waters;
TIME HALL.
Branch Hydrographie Office, U. P. jr.. Mer
chant*' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal. Oc
tober 21. 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. ?., at noon of the I2ot!i meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean [me.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
* Ensign (retired), U. 9 N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
From.
Dae.
North Fork Humbert It [Oct. 12
Homer Newport .Oct. 22
City of Rio J... Manila Oct. 22
Chilkat :Hurr.boldt Oct. 22
Geo. W. Elder.. Portland Oct. 23
City of Puebla.. Manila Oct. 23
Del Norte Crescent City Oct. 2?
Mackinaw Taci ma Oct. 23
Laurada Anacortes iOct. 23
Eli Thompson.. lTacoma |Oct. _ ■.
A rcata Cooa Bay [Oct. 23
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria & Pugret Sound, Oct. 24
Santa Rosa San Diego Oct. 2-i
Pomona |Humboldt Oct. 24
Empire Coos Bay lOct. 24
Wellington Departure Bay Oct. 24
Portland >' Michael [Oct. 24
San Juan Panama 'Oct. 25
Navarro Yaquina Bay (Oct. 23
Progreso Seattle [Oct. 25
Columbia Portland Oct. 28
Coos Bay Newport lOct. 29
Mineola Tacoma Oct. 26
Siam Nanaimo Oct. 27
Corona jSan Diego Oct. 2S
State California [Portland [Oct. 29
North Fork IHumboldt |Oct. 23
Acapulco Panama Oct. 29
Umatilla [Victoria & Puget Sound) Oct. 29
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. | Sails. I Pier.
m j , _j — m
State of Cal Portland Oct. 22. 10 am Pier 24
Corona ( San Diego Oct. 22, 11 am;Pter 11
Australia .. Honolulu 'Oct. 22, 2 Pier 7
2. Nelson... [Puget Sound. .iOct. 22. 9 am Pier 2
2ueen [Vie & Pert Sd. Oct. 23, 10 am Pier 9
"■hilknt Humboldt .... Oct. 23. 2 Pier 13
Homer (Newport Oct. 24. 5 am Pier 11
1. W. Elder 'Portland Oct. 25, 10 amlPier 24
Signal [Grays Harbor Oct. 2.". 12 m'Pier 2
krcata [Coos Ray 'Oct. 25, 4 pm.Pler 13
santa Rosa. San Dietro Oct. 26, 11 am Pier 11
Pomona |Humboldt Oct. 212 1 2 Pier 9
Columbia ..{Portland Oct. 2S. I 1 am Pier 21
San Juan P,mama Oct. 2S. 12 nVPMSS
Walla WalllVlc & Pgt Sd. Oct. 2S. 10 am Pier 9
Coos Bay... [Newport Oct. 2 1 *, 9am Pier 11
Cleveland .iPupet Sound.. Oct. 28 i
Doric :China<fc JnpanOct. 29. 1 pm PMSS
Steamer.
1 Destination.
Sails.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, October 21.
17 S stmr Wheeling, Sebree, 6 dajs from Seat-
Ptmr South Portland. Seeley, 6 days from
Seattle, via Tacorr.a j days.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 14 hours from
Mi : ■. cino.
Stmr Whitesboro. Johnson, IS hours from
Grt-enwiod Port Costa tlirect.
Stmr Kodiak, Gerne, su days from Kodiak.
Stmr Sunol, Jacobs, 63 hours from Ti'.la
monk.
Br ship Morvon, Page, 139 days from Hull.
Schr Antelope, Anderson, 5 days from Co
quillr River.
Schr Parkersburg, Schroeder, 5 days from
Coquille River.
Schr Amethyst, Johannessen, 3 days from
Notleys Landing.
Sohr Big Bonanza, Smith, 30 days from St
Michael.
CLEARED.
Friday, October 21.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, Astoria;
Goodall, Perkins Co.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall
Perkins A Co.
Stmr Charles Nelson, Anderson, Seattle; E T
Kruse.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Olsen, Seattle; Goodall,
Perkins A Co.
Haw stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, Nanaimo;
Pae Imp Co.
Br ship Gifford, Parry, Port Townsend; R
B Hogue.
Ship Charles E Moody, Leonard, New York:
John Rosenfelds Son?.
Br ship Cape Clear, Smith, Portland; Meyer,
Wilson & Co.
Haw bark Andrew Welch, Drew, Honolulu;
Welch & Co.
Bktn S N Castle. Hubbard. Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Friday, October 21.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Alcatrax, Carlson.
Nor stmr Titania. Egenes. Nanalmo.
Stmr Bonita, Nicolson.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick, Eureka and Coo«
Bay.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson.
Br ship Waterloo, Fellows. London.
I!ktn S Q Wilder, McN'eill. Honolulu.
Schr La Glronde, Hanson. Grays Harbor.
Schr Fortuna. Rosich, Eureka.
Schr Compeer. Larsen. Taooma.
Schr J G Wall. Estvold, Grays Harbor.
Schr Neptune, Estvold, Grays Harbor.
Schr Ruby A Cousins, Knudsen, Grays Har
bor.
Schr Lizzie Prien, Hanson. Coquitle River.
Schr Newark. Beck, Bowens Landing.
Schr Sparrow, Clements, Eureka.
Schr Melancthon. Bellesen, Coos Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct 21—10 p. m.— Weather.
cloudy; wind. SW: velocity. 16 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Columbia loads coal at Tacoma for tht«
po.rt.
The Fresno loads lumber at Port Gamble for
Honolulu.
The Kilmallie, Sixtus and Vincent load
wheat from the north to Europe, 36s 6d.
SPOKEN.
i Sept s— Lat 20 27 N. long 23 IS W, Br bark
Ednyted. hence June 4, for Queenstown
Per Morven— Oct 13— Lat 33 24 N. long 134 3*
W, Br ship Eurasia, from Antwerp, for San
Francisco. Same day saw four four-masted
ships.
* DOMESTIC PORTS.
MONTEREY— Arrived Oct 20— Schr Una, frm
Everett.
EUREKA — Arrived Oct 21— Stmr Hueneme.
hence Oct 19.
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct Stmr Columbia,
hence Oct 19: Br ship Eulom, hence Oct 1.
Sailed Oct 21— Stmr George W Eider, for San
Francisco.
SANTA CRUZ— Oct 21— Stmr Scotia,
for Rockport.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct 21— Bktn Quick
step, for Guayaquil.
. Arrived Oct 21 — Stmr Arcata, from San Fran
cisco.
TATOOSH— Passed Oct 21— Bark Levl G Bur
gess, hence Oct 8. for Tacoma. ,
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 21— Brig Courtney
Ford, from Olympla.
Sailed Oct 21— Schr Bella, for Eureka.
TATOOSH— Passed Oct 21— Br ship Bucking
ham, from Tacoma. for Queenstown.
REDONDO— Arrived Oct Sch Jennie Stella
from Grays Harbor.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct 21— Stmr Conuille
River, for San Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived Oct 21— Stm South Coast
from Eureka.
TATOOSH— Passed Oct 21— Schr Robert Lew
era, from Port Gamble, for Honolulu; Per bark
Francesco Tozo. from Port Blakeley for Peru
PORT TOWNSEND-Arrived Oct 21— Br
Victoria, from Yokohama.
KARLUCK— Sailed Oct 4— Ship St Nicholas
for San Francisco. Oct 9— Ship Santa Clara, for
San Francisco.
REDONDO— Arrived Oct 21— Stmr Ruth, frm
Alcatraz Landing.
VENTURA— SaiIed Oct 21— Stmr George
Loomis. for San Francisco.
BRlSTOL— Arrived Oct 21— At Portlshead
dock. Br ship Lord Ripon, from Tacoma.
CARDIFF— SaiIed Oct 21— Ital ship Catherlna
Accame, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NORFOLK— Cleared Oct 20— Ship A J Fuller,
for Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SINGAPORE— Arrived Oct 17— Br stmr Alton
from Tacoma. j.,. :
VANCOUVER— Oct 21— Br stmr Warrt
moo. for Honolulu and Sydney.
CALLAO— Arrived Oct Chil bark Altcar.
from Port Blakeley.
HONGKONG— Sailed Sept 4— Br schr Spina
way, for Vancouver.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
WILLIAMSON'S
LADY MAY
BE A MAN
Alleged Victim of a
Neat Scheme.
LOVE LETTERS ARE BOGUS
WRITTEN BY A SHARPER WHO
IS POSTED.
In the Meantime "Mabel Starr"
Does Not Stop Writing, and
Occasionally Receives
Money.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 21
There is more than a suspicion at the
City Hair that the "lady" who has writ
ton'a small library of love letters to Wil
liamson is a man who is taking advan
tage of WK'.iamson's weakness.
A few days ago Williamson laid before
the Chief of Police a big bundle of letters,
which purported to come from "Mabel A.
Starr" of San Francisco. Williamson told
the Chief that he had sent money to
Mabel and she had even fixed the wedding
day. but that she never kept her appoint
ment. Williamson has never seen the
young lady, but is deeply in love with
her and intends to find her if possible.
The letters are full of endearing: senti
ments, and Mabel is evidently very well
versed in the art of letter writing.
Williamson has corresponded regularly
and when the fair girl— she was adver
tised as fair— asked for money it was
promptly sent. The lover admits that he
first commenced corresponding with
"Miss Mabel A. Starr." because of an
advertisement which appeared in a paper
named the "Marriage Bell."
j "We have made some inquiry," said the.
' Mayor to-day, "as we were led to take an
interest in Williamson, and we are about
convinced that William's lady is a
man. Most of the letters are received by
messenger and I understand that so late
as this week Williamson has received a
letter from 'Mabel A. Starr.' It is pretty
certain that the young lady has no exis
tence and that Williamson is being
•worked' by some one who understands
him. He is not very strong-minded and
is at present out of work, but his married
sister in San Francisco sees that he wants
for nothing.
"Williamson has been watched and a
stranger has frequently been seen to hand
him letters in the City Hall park and
other places, and it Is pretty clear that
there is no woman in the case at all, ex
cept possibly one that is being used as a
dummy. Williamson Is rather a nice fel
low and I think this scheme will soon be
spoiled."
At one stage in the game a friend nam
ed Chamberlaine undertook to help Wil
liamson out and in response to his letter
to Mabel, the "girl" wrote as follows:
If you are going away I want your address. i
Please give It to Williamson, and after we get i
Fettled we will do something: handsome for yuu.
You deserve Its. I -am sure-Mr. Williamson will ;
Bay so. too. I have decided to meet Mr. Wil- i
liamson next Sunday, 2Sih, lor two reasons.
One is that it is a quiet day, free from toll
and noise, ana another one Is that It Is my
birthday. I don't think that 1 could choose a
more fitting day for our first meeting. Now
you tell Mr. Williamson to meet me next Sun
day morning at 10:30 o'clock in the ferry depot
at the foot of Market street, San Francisco,
on the broad-gauge side. I will wear a black
silk skirt and a blue silk waist and white straw
hat trimmed with violets, also a bunch of vio
lets on my breast, so that he will know me.
Now. I don't want him to go to any great
trouble to dresß himself up, as I want to see
him as he is himself.
A Neither this nor any other appointment
TO WEAR SHOULDER STRAPS.
SbRGEAN T ALVIN K. BASKETTE, Com
missioned by Governor Taylor of
Tennessee.
T-URST SERGEANT ALVIN K. BASKETTE, Company P, Tennessee
FIRST SERGEANT ALVIN K. soldier at the Company yesterday. He
Regiment, was the happiest soldier at the Presidio yesterday. He
L was kept busy receiving the congratulations of friends upon his pro
motion to the second lieutenancy of Company B. The vacancy was caused
by the resignation of First Lieutenant E. S. Fowler. Colonel Smith re- .
ceived a dispatch from Governor Taylor of Tennessee yesterday notifying
him that Second Lieutenant Ragsdale had been promoted to be first lieu
tenant of Company B, and that Sergeant Baskette had been promoted 7
to the second lieutenancy, and would be transferred to B Company. Colo- ,
nel Smith's son, the sergeant major of the regiment, .was also an appli
cant for the office. Lieutenant Baskette is a native of : Tennessee, his
, home being in Nashville, where he was engaged la the insurance business
prior to the war. He has served six years in the National Guard and is
a grandnephew of William Gwin,Mhe flrat United States Senator from Cali
fornia. Baskette 1b highly esteemed, by his superior officers.
• / • I A 1 A I A A. ■ ■ * ' ■V«. A. A . A A A- ' A
wns kept, but Williamson still lives In
hope. ____________
THEY DEALT IN STOCKS.
Peculiar Suit of Walter Turnbull
Against Thomas Pheby.
OAKLAND, Oct. 21.— Walter Turnbull
to-day filed suit against Attorney Thomas
B. Pheby. Both are popular young pro
fessional men of this city.
The suit is over a certain alleged con
tract by the terms of which the two par
ties engaged in the purchase and sale of
stock and corporate securities for their
joint benefit. The company is known as
the Stock and Bond Exchange of San
Francisco. The plan was to quickly re
alize fortunes on the purchase and sale
of capital stock of corporations; Pheby
to furnish the money for the purchases,
and to sell at an advanced price.
The complaint does not Intimate that
the expected fortunes were not realized,
but Pheby has failed to settle up and re
mit one-half the profits according to the
agreement, so the complaint charges, In
fact the plaintiff alleges that no final ac
count and settlement have been made, ac
though 715 shares of the capital stock
of the Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar
Company, 135 shares of the Giant Powder
Company's stock and 400 shares of the
capital stock of the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company have been pur
chased, but since the sales Turnbull has
received no profits whatever.
. ♦ ■
BAIL-JUMPER SURRENDERS.
Wheeler Forgot Date of Trial and
Went to Mexico.
OAKLAND, Oct. 21.— Several months
ag Edward L. Wheeler, arrested for re
ceiving stolen goods, lumped his $200 bail,
puzzling the Sheriff, the court and his at
torney. Tom Bradley. To-day Wheeler
called on Sheriff White and gave him
self up. He was immediately locked up
in the County Jail.
"I had business that required my pres
ence down in Mexico." Mud Wheeler this
afternoon, "and. any way, 1 forgot the
date of my trial, su I left. This trouble
is all about a pair of old shoes, and
knowing that they couldn't hang me for
it, 1 made no bones about coming back."
GRAND JURY'S REPORT
MAY AFFECT POLITICS
EXPECTS TO END ITS WORK
NEXT TUESDAY.
Has Been in Session Ten Months and
Will File a Lengthy Docu
ment.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Oct. 21.
The Grand Jury was engaged to-day
preparing its final report. It has been in
session for ten months, and the report will
be of unusual length. It is known that
many matters will be dealt with regard
ing the conduct of some of the county of
ficers that may have some effect on their
chances in the coming election. Justices
of the Peace, Supervisors and others will
probably be criticized, and it is also re
ported that a claim for $5000 may be
brought against the estate of the late
official stenographer.
The political complexion of the Grand
Jury is sufficient to assure that the report
will be of unusual interest, although there
is a possibility that much that might be
incorporated will be orderc-d out by the
Judge who receives it on the ground that
the Grand Jury cannot make any com
ments unless it has ground for believing
that 'rime exists, a decision to this effect
having been recently rendered in the
southern part of the State.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND. Oct. 21.-Jos Dieves' Three
mile House saloon on the San Leandro
road was entered last night and about
$200 worth of goods stolen.
The remains of George F. low, the
railway mail clerk- who was killed in a
wreck near Yuma City last Sunday, have
been forwarded-tathis city tat intercient.
Clarence Nelson, aged 4 years, son of
Charles Nelson, residing near the stock
yards, fell through a floor at Loustalot
slaughter house yesterday and was
drowned. _ _
A reception was. given to Rev. J. P.
Sunderland. the new pastor of the Uni
tarian Church, last night, when addresses
■were made by Colonel John P. Irish.
Mr Sunderland, Rabbi Frledlander and
Rev. G. R. Dodson.
Louisa Malmgren has amended her com
plaint In her divorce suit against San tie
Malmgren, the bicycle hypothecate,
whom she married while he was a pris
oner at the County Jail.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1893.
MAYOR FEELS
KINDLY TO
THE PEDDLERS
Says They Should Not
Be Persecuted.
PAY A FAIR LICENSE
COMPARED TO MINISTERS AND
DOCTORS.
Vetoes the Ordinance Making It a
Misdemeanor to Call a
Housekeeper to the
Door,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
<*S Broadway, Oct. 21.
The peddlers have a friend In Mayor
Thomas. He does not think it right that
the city should charge them a license of
$15 per quarter and then make it a crime
for them to pursue their calling.
Some days the City Council passed an
ordinance making it a misdemeanor for
peddlers to call at houses where there is
a sign displaying the words "No ped
dlers."
In his message to the Council expressing
his disapproval of the ordinance the
Mayor says:
I have not sipned said ordinance for the fol
lowing reasons:
Licenses are issued to peddlers under an or
dinance now in l'orce; the money derived from
this source is no small portion of vhe city s
ri-wmie.
While the Council has the right to regulato
peddling and has already, by ordinance, re
stricted peddlers fn.m offering their gocxln.
wares and merchandise within the limits
bounded by Sixth and Fourteenth, Clay and
Webster streets, thus limiting them to the
residence portion in which to carry on their
business, I think it very unjust after Brant ing
permission by licensing peddlers that you
should pass an ordinance making it a crime
for a peddler to rlnft a doorbell for the reason
that a housewife might perhaps be annoyed
by it. With the came propriety you might
pass an ordinance making it a misdemeanor,
punishable by fine cr imprisonment, tor a
butcher, baker, grocer, minister or doctor to
ring the doorbell In one of the thousand resi
dences in our city if the householder should
ornament his door step with a tin si*n an
nouncing the fact to the public that none of
the above named were wanted.
DEAD DRIVER FOUND
IN HIS WAGON'S WAKE
J. G. SCHTJLTE KILLED ON THE
MARSH ROAD.
By Following the Trail Backward the
Teamster's Lifeless Body Was
Found, With Skull
Crushed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 21. <
A heavy wagon drawn by two -horses
was seen this afternoon approaching -the
: -TY«sbster -street- bridssrtrzz the . AiSmeda
! side of the estuary. No- driver was ; in
- sight, and after stopping the 'horses a
I search was made for the man In charge
: of them. Following the trail of the wagon
! backward the driver was found lying on
i the road with a ghastly wound in his
head, which had evidently been caused
: by one of the wheels passing over him.
Assistance was at once summoned, but
the injuries were necessarily fatal, and
before the Receiving Hospital was reach
ed the man was dead.
The driver was J. G. Shulte, an em
ploye of the Standard Oil Company It
is presumed that when approaching Web-
Bter street bridge one of the horses shied,
i throwing the driver out, and that one of
! the wheels of the heavy wagon passed
I over his head. The deceased lived at
! Fruitvale, and has worked for the com
pany for some years. He was a very
steady man, about 50 years of age, and
his employers are somewhat mystified
that he should have been thrown out as
he was driving horses to which he had
long been accustomed. He leaves a widow
and a son, A. F. Shulte. a young attorney,
who recently returned from a trip to the
Klondike.
WANT LOWER BATES.
Board of Trade Hears of a Proposed
Ferry.
OAKLAND, Oct. 21— The Board of
Trade held a regular meeting this morn
ing and admitted several new members.
F. K. Mott moved that the railroad com-
Sany be seen in regard to having better
epots built in this city. J. F. Towle
complained that the insurance rates in
thiH city were too high, and J. Tyrrell
explained that it was the lowest rate al
luwvri by the tariff book of the combined
companies. Colonel Bridges submitted a
long communication setting out a plan for
connecting Oakland and San Francisco
by a new ferry from the west side of
Goat Island.
Sol Kahn brought up the matter of the
adjustment of debt, and spoke somewhat
in favor of the Board of Trade acting
between debtor and creditor In the same
manner as the San Francisco Board of
Trade. The matter awaits the construc
tion yet to be placed on the new Federal
bankrupt law.
VEHICLE LICENSE CASES.
Question as to Whether Mail Con
tractors Must Pay.
OAKLAND, Oct. 21.— The vehicle li
cense ordinance cases, thirteen in num
ber, came up" in the Police Court this
mcrning, but defendants were given a
week in which to plead.
They are merchants of Oakland, and
nurpose testing the legality of the ordi
nance A writ of habeas corpus will
nrobably be invoked in their behalf.
License Inspector Malvon proposes to
include in his list of violators the con
tractor who is hauling: mail to and from
the postofflce. This will raise still an
oth<ir point, though Postmaster Friend
opines that the local ordinance cannot
reach the contractor.
Sheriff White's Judge Denny.
OAKLAND Oct. 21.— The litigation over
th.- possession of "Judge Denny," a horse
valued at $1500, was finally ended to-day
hv a decree handed down by Superior
Judge Ogden in favor of Sheriff White.
The Sheriff over a year ago took posses
sion of the horse as security in the suit
of Joseph L. Eppinger against William
Muir, and on June 3. 1897, Coroner Bald
win took the animal from the Sheriff and
jrave It to F. H. Hinde, who afterward
sued the Sheriff for legal possession.
Judge Ogden found that Hinde was not a
party interested, and therefore gave
Judge Denny to the Sheriff.
Deserter Surrenders.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 21.-P,dward Logan
surrendered himself to the police this
evening, stating he was a deserter from
the United States troops stationed at
Renicia. He desired to be returned to his
company. The officers locked him up In
the City Prison.
Tried to Serve a Dead Man.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 21.— D. T. Hand a
local Justice of the Peace, insisted to-day
upon Constable Gray serving summons in
an attachment suit on a dead man.
A firm of butchers had an account
against George Voges and commenced
suit. Justice Hand gave the papers to
Constable Gray with instructions to serve
them. "Can't do It," said Gray. "The
defendant died two years ago." "Serve
Tho feo-almile >jf s/<rst ' Z^- ; oa^ every yrapper
•ignature of 0&/JT%UcAM : .Of CASTOEIA.
A WEDDING-CAKE
NECESSARY TO LIFE
OAKLAND Oct. 21.— Edward Smiley of Temescal Is congratulating him
self that' a wedding cake 1b not one of the legal necessaries of life.
A few days ago Mr. Smiley was Bued for an account owing to his
aker Constable Weidler, armed with an attachment, levied on Smiley's
wa«res and carried off the coin, as the law permits him to garnlshee wages
to Day bills for the necessaries of life. Weidler was congratulating himself
on having so easily collected the baker's bill when Attorney Graber ap
neared and upset the plan. Graber produced proof that the bill was for the
balance of the amount due the bakery for making Bmlley's wedding cake
Knmf. months ago Graber argued that a wedding cake could not be con
sumed as necessary to existence, and the court agreeing with him. the
money was released.
2a. "E^in jb:
kl Vo*ges died in Alameda more than two
years ago. : i: ;^ : J j"< v
Her Creditors Were On Hand.
at atvtt7-t->a Oct. 2L— Mrs. George
Vo\ I ef II w E h^ A ha SS O bb C een a resident of Ala
meda for some years, made an attempt
™day to disposed all her^ property -and
flee from numerous creditors. Her house
hniri pffpcts were sold at auction mis
morning but a Constable attached the
proceeds' in the hands of the auctioneer
tr> spciirp the payment of a beer Dm
amounting to $98. P Another party appear
ed with a bill of sale for the Property , al
leged to have been made ten days ago.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 21 -The members of
the California • Council No. 24, Young
Men. Institute, will tender a reception to
heir lady friends. The date of the affair
has not yet been fixed. H. D. Lang H.
C Gallagher and J. P. Wright have been
appointed a committee of arrangements.
Miss Grace Patterson and George F.
Newell were married Wednesday evening
at the home of the bride parents, 15.36
Santa Clara avenue. Rev. F. S. Brush
officiated. The groom Is connected with
the firm of Dunham, Carrigan & Hayden.
The hospital corps connected with
Christ's Episcopal Church will give a drill
to-morrow evening at the church parlors.
TEMPERANCE WORKERS
PASS RESOLUTIONS
W.C.T.U. CONVENTION BROUGHT
TO A CLOSE.
White Ribbonists Plan a Campaign
for Woman Suffrage — The An
nual Conference Ended.
BERKELEY. Oct. 21.— California
Woman's Christian Temperance Union
brought its nineteenth annual convention
Ito a close to-day. With, the imposing
ceremonies held in Stiles Hall to-night
Mrs. B. Stu'rtevant-Peet. the president,
declared the five days' session over, and
the white ribbonists are preparing to rex
turn to their various parts of the State
with increased enthusiasm for another
year's work in the temperance crusade.
The last day of the conference was
given over chiefly to a discussion of the
society's policy for the coming year. That
policy is to consist almost entirely of an
active campaign in behalf of the extension
of the franchise to women. Elaborate
preparations are being made to publish
literature upon the subject. Every white
ribbonist will go about armed with pa
pers and pamphlets Betting forth the doc
trine of woman's right to the ballot. Peti
tions are to be circulated . and presented
to the next meeting of the State Legis
lature, and a large delegation of ladies .
will .accompany. them to urge their.' dC 
.eop'tance," "~ ; ' * •"r-'vr.-r. -' ■ :
At the urgent appeal of the members or
the Berkeley Union. thy Stai» organiza
tion has decided to take up the struggle
with Its local sisters for the enforcement
of the one-mile liquor law in the univer
sity town. They have pledged their moral
and financial support to the officers of
the local W. C. T. U. In their efforts to
prosecute all venders of liquors within
the mile limit of the State University
grounds.
Before the convention was ! adjourned
the following resolutions were read and
adopted: .".'; 's-^
Whereas, Army management through the
canteen nyetem permits the sale of intoxicating
liquors to beleaguer our military camps and
thereby to not only Imperil our nation's de
fens*, but to corrupt the quality of its cltlzen
■hlpi
Resolved, That we. as mothers, wives and
daughters of the California Woman's Christian
Temperance Union, do most rtjepectfully pray
our Chief Magistrate and Commander-ln-Chief
of ou rarmy to co-operate with the Army and
Navy Department to banish the sale- of in
toxicating liquors from the larmy and navy.
Resolved, That the nineteenth State conven
tion of the California Woman's Christian
Temperance Union, at Berkeley assembled,
hereby pledges Itself to the Berkeley Union in
its endeavor to enforce the one-mile limit law;
Resolved, That we recommend the branch
unions to pledge themselves, through their
officers and delegate*, to accord to the Berkeley
Union th«lr moral, and. If called upon, their
financial support until the next convention.
Sophomores Hold Their Hop.
BERKELEY, Oct. 21.— The annual ball
given by the members of the sophomore
class of the University of California
passed off succesfully to-night. The affair
was held In the Harmon gymnasium, and
was largely attended by the members of
the class and their friends. The com
mittees in charge were: Arrangements—
J W S Butler. Miss A. Jennings. Miss
E Powell. J. Maxwell Taft, H. T. Moore;
floor manager, E. A. Bruntsch; recep
tion—Miss Isabelle Stockton, Miss Anna
Jennings. Mrs. A. R. Hammond, Miss
Irene Cullen; decorations— Miss Irene
Taylor Miss E. Kl>y. Miss \V. Jones. Miss
E. Graham. A. Turner, Glen Allen, Eu
gene Rolando.
WELL SAIL NEXT WEEK.
Captain Towers of the Kansas Regi
ment Must Remain Behind.
Major General Merriam stated yester
day that the Ohio and Indiana would
not sail this week. The latter will get
away about next Wednesday, and possi
bly sooner, with the Ohio following a few
days later. The department commander
yesterday Instructed General Miller to is
sue orders for Captain Towers of the
Kansas regiment to remain behind when
hiß regiment sails. It will be remem
bered that Captains Towers and Wat
son were ordered before a board of offi
cers to be examined as to their efficiency
and the finding of the board was adverse
to Captain Towers, while Captain Wat
son was found efficient.
Work on the general military hospital,
which is to be built at the Presidio, wili
be begun at once. The hospital is to
cost about $70,000, and Is to be equipped
with the very latest appliances. It is
to be 600 feat square, a frame building,
one story high, and will have ten wards
and accommodate 400 patients.
Private Brennamen. Company I, Twen
tieth Kansas Regiment, accidentally shot
himßelf in the left hand yesterday morn
ing The wound was a very slight one.
The soldier had a blank cartridge In his
eun which he was examining, when in
some way it went off. tearing away the
top of one of his fingers.
Rilla Jefferson, a small girl who was
shot In the hand by some one at the
Presidio last Wednesday, had two of her
fingers amputated yesterday at the Chil
dren^ Hospital on California street. At
the time that she was shot in the hand
the girl was on the golf grounds of the
Presidio She does not know who fired
the shot or from which direction it came.
It is thought to have been a Boldier, who
fired a pistol for fan.
With the departure of the Ohio there
will still be left sixty m»n and three of
ficers of the California Heavy Artillery.
These will be assigned to the Newport
and will sail with General Miller when he
goes The Newport is now ready, but
will 'be held until General Miller is or
dered to sail.
It will be several weeks before the Ta
coma is ready to take another load of
horses to Honolulu. At present the ves
sel is at the Union Iron Works having
her condensers put In, and to complete
this work will take at least three weeks.
Lieutenant Colonel Frank Greene, who
was the chief signal officer of the Fifth
Army Corps in Cuba, has returned and
reported yesterday to General Merriam.
Colonel Greene was on the staff of Gen
eral Shatter and saw active service in
Cuba.
CALL NEWSBOYS GO
TO THE BIG CIRCUS
THEY HAD A GLORIOUS TIME
TAKING IN THE SIGHTS.
About a Thousand Children From
Different Charitable Institu
tions Given Free Admis
sion Yesterda7.
The Call newsboys had a glorious time
at the circus yesterday. Those who could
not go in the afternoon went in tIA; even
ing, and they thoroughly appreciated the
kindness of The Call and the courtesy of
Mr. Wallace in giving them the opportun
ity of having a real good time. Each had
a special ticket of admission stuck In nis
hat, and the- way they rushed to get a
good seat was amusing. They applauded
everything and laughed uproariously at
the antics of the c.owns.
The members of the Order of the East
ern Star had a special box last night as
the guests of C. N. Thompson, the man
ager of the circus, who is a member of
the order himself. Suspended in front of
the box was a beautiful tlural star.
Yesterday afternoon about 1000 children
from charitable institutions took in the
circus at the special invitation of Mr.
Wallace, and it is needless to say that
they thoroughly enjoyed the treat and
had a splendid time. They came from the
following organizations: Ladies' Protec
tive and Aid Society, Kindergarten Ch: r
ity Society, Maria Kip Orphanage, Little
Sisters' Infant Shelter, Boys' and Girls'
Aid Society.
The circus has been doing a good busi
ness, and seems to be giving general sat
isfaction. Last night every seat was oc
cupied and a number had to be provided
with chairs in front of the boxes. The
living- statuary is something new, and is
worth the price of admission. Everything
goes with a swing and the excitement is
kept up from start to finish.
ROW ON BERNAL HEIGHTS.
Three "Warrants Sworn Out for the
Arrest of "John Doe" Glock, a
Saloon-Keeper, for Battery.
Warrants were sworn out yesterday in>
Judge Low's court for the arrest of "John
Doe" Glock, a saloon keeper on Bernal
Heights, on three charges of battery. The
complaining witnesses are William Koeh
ler, a law and collection agent on Califor
nia street; Eugene Hintermann, a sa
loon keeper on Bush street, and Mrs. Au
gusta Guldemann, a saloon keeper in the
vicinity of Glock's place.
Koehler ajrid Hintermann went out to
Beriiai Height's TIWW4ay to work In the
interests of Judge Troutt, and \ he y de
cided to put up an election <9Ku QJLi.nS.
wall of a nouse adjoining Glock's saloon.
Glock objected to any card being put up
unless Koehler and Hintermann bought a
dollar ticket for the County Jlonaghan
annual picnic. They refused, and while
Koehler was on a ladder tacking on the
card to the wall Glock kicked the ladder
from under him and cut him over the
right eye with a pocket knife. Hinter
mann went to Koehler's assistance, but
Glock knocked him down and kicked
him. Mrs. Ouldemann. seeing thf affray,
ran across the street and abused Glock
for hlt< conduct. Glock rurudk her on the
face, knocking her down and blackening
her eye. It was getting too hot for them,
as Glock seemed to be in a towering rage,
and they fled, leaving Glock in nosstssion
of the field.
EASTERN STAR.
Close of the Grand Chapter — Instal-
lation of Officers and Presenta
tions.
The session of the Grand Chapter of the
Order of the Eastern Star was brought
to a close last evening after the installa
tion of the grand officers and the presen
tation of tokens of esteem to retiring
grand officers.
During the day Mrs. M. L. Coffin of
Nevada City was elected associate grand
matron, Mrs. Kate S. Craig of Highland
| Springs was elected grand treasurer and
I Mrs. Kate S. Wlllats was re-elected grand
itary. Mrs. Wilson, the only candidate
named against her, withdrawing from the
contest before the ballot.
The matron-elect then announced the
following officers as the ones she ap
pointed for the year: Alden Anderson,
conductress; Belle Williams, associate
conductress; Mary Smith, chaplain: Lil
linn Warren, Martha; Mabel D. Swisler,
Adele; Harriet Freeman, Ruth; Laura
Plummer, Esther; Anna R. Miller. Mar
tha: Kate Flint, Electa; Rose Kahn, or
ganist; Mary J. Robinson, warder, and
Mary Ellis, sentinel. Then the following
named grand officers: Dr. J. W. Law
rence, grand patron; Mrs. Marie A.
TO EXPLORERS, MINERS AND SPORTSMEN.
The Miner, Explorer or Sportsman wants a general
medicine that will keep in any climate and not be spoiled
]by wetting in water, salt or fresh. Such a medicine is
Ripans Tabules (of the standard sort), put up in boxes of
six vials, each vial securely corked and containing six
Tabules. They cost fifty cents a box or two dollars for
five boxes. May soak a week in water without wetting
the medicine. Can be had of any druggist, or by mail
from the Ripans Chemical Company, No. 10 Sprue*
Street. New York.
Pierce, grand matron; George L. Darling,
associate grand patron: Mrs. M. L. Cof
fin associate grand matron; Mrs. Kate S.
Craig, grand treasurer; Mrs. Kate J. WU
lats, grand secretary, were, together with
the appointed officers, Installed by the re
tiring patron, Harrison D. P.owe.
Then followed the presentation, on be
half of the chapter, by Mrs. Flint of a
crystal set to the retiring jmtron, a silver
and crystal pet by Mrs. Krebs to the re
tiring matron (Mrs. Eva *M. PorterK and
then the presentation of crystal ware by
the retiring patron to the retiring matron.
The session then adjourned until next
October.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
h^ • 6teamer« . leave • Broadway
Yon i wharf, San Francisco: . ■
HSBk For Alaskan ports. IS a. m..
HfirjWfc Oct. 8. 8. 13. 18, 23. 28. Not. i.
WK Milß tranifer at Seattle.
MLTfI For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
fi|B^^9ftl C ) Port Townsend. Seattle,
r^^S^Si'flJ Ta'oma. Evprett. Anacortes
"^*S^ft and New "Whatcom fWaah.), 10
t a m Oct. 3. 13. 18, 23. 28. Not.
2 and ever* fifth day thereafter., transfer at
I'eaUli to Si. company;, steamer, for Alaska
and O N. Hy.. at Tacoma to N. f. Ky.. at
VFV F n or ol E^reka C (Humbo / ldt Bay), la m.. Oct. 1
1 c! 11 1? 21. 2«. il - Nov - *• and everr flftb
d Vor he r 'Crn,. Monterey. San' Simeon.
grab Port Harford (v( v a nt Luis OblspoV
OavTna Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huenem.
\$ B t%&T\X^r« Port Har-
fo?d(San n Luis Ob.epoV Banta Barbara. Port
*iZ K^dafMagdale'na Bay. San Jose de.
Cabo Mazatlan Altata. La Paz. Santa RosalU
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., Mth of every
"TTor^further Information obtain folder.
The company "reserve, the right to changs
without previous notice «teamer«. Bailing date.
an *ICK"ET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery |
THE 0, R. & H. CO,
- DISPATCH PAST STEAMERS TO
■£> O 3Lj -A. IsTID
From Spear-Btreet Wharf at 10 a.m.
CftDC $12 First Class Including Berths
rAnt $8 Second Class and Meals.
Geo W Slder sails Oct. 7. 16. V 25. Nov. S.
Columbia sails Oct. 10. 19. 28. Nov. S.
State of California sails Oct. 13. 22. 31. Nov. 9.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all . points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
inruu B c WARD, vleneral Agent.
, 630 Market street. .
OOODALL. TERKIN3 p1r CO c , ndentß
Compagnie Generale Transatlantique, \
r ° (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
a! ll A 00 a E> m. Sailing every Saturday <TfrTf>
at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. North "^ •»"'"->
River, foot of Morton street. '.* : •• -■• -v -
LA NORMANDIE • Oct. 29
LA TOrRAIXE ...; Nov. 5
LA OASrOGNE Ov - 12
LA CHAMPAGNE • Nov. IS
LA BRETAGNE •■ •-; N ? V - 2S
First-class to Havre $90 ani! upward, 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowlinp Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI <*: CO., Pacific Coast Agents,
5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
@'m,qm Miata 8. R* AUSTRALIA
s«*£*,aa*a ' <1 * tor Honolulu only
• ■•!■■« Saturday, October 22,
o^X^P^V a The S. m. MARIPOSA
■ The S. S. MARIPOSA
>t^srr^hin ' « alls vla Honolulu and i
G)lwH!ljll! r '- Auckland for Sydney I
/Kmn^niU Wednesday, November !
lUllllUUlMa 2, at i p. m. .-'•■- - • -
"Line .to COOLOARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN. South Africa.
J D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery at.
Freight office— Market St.. San Francisco. j
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEB3.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tue«., Wed.. Thur*. and Sat ._•_,....,
— J-.ft-i. iS:.-»:15-Bi "S. H^S~ii. TJS. ct: *ravir«.»'
Friday 5..'.................1. .'.................1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 9 p. to.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pier *.
T«l .phone Red H4l.
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY TOO at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO, Clay-street Wharf. Fare to
San Jose, 50c; round trip, 75c. Delightful Bay
Excursions, Alvlso and return, 75c. Telephone !
Main 1350. ' |
BAIL liO AD TBAVEI*.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD. |
Via Saiualito Ferry.
FROM SAN FHAAUecU iv .MILL VALLEY
AND BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O, # 9:20, U:00 a. m.; "1:45,
8:45, 6:15. »6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'B:OO, '10:00, »H:3O a. m. ; »1:13,
8:00. *4:30, 6:15 p. m. ,
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— '6:35, 7:45, »9:30 a. m. ;
•12:20, 2:20, *3:45, 6:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. '8:00, '10:00. '11:55 a. m.;
•1:15 »3:10. 4:40, •6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S, 6:45. 7:55, 9:40 a. m.;
12:35. 2:45. 3:EO. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m. 12:05. 1:20. 3:20, :
6:00, 6:20 p. m. : ■ \'-
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m.week Cazadero and way sta'ns. >
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way st&'s. ;
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sautalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Sept. 11. 1S98: • ;*".- V -
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
THOB. COOK & SON. Agents. 621 Market
street. San Francisco. v* - - -. •
RAILROAD , TRAVEL. ;
•OCTIIKKN r«iiric c»jipaht,
(pacific Ml'.flKM.l
Tr«ln» lea*«> nml nre ilnf i o mrrtve »i
NAN t'lU.\<l,S( O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
Kate — Fbom Oct. 9, 1898. — ae»iv«
•fi :O~Oa Niles. Sau Jose and Way Stations. •8:45 a
7:00 a Beuicia, Suiaiih »nd Sacramento. . .¥ lOs-43*
7:OOa Maryavilie, OroTlUoand Bedding via
Woodland Bs4s*
TiOOa Klmira. Vacarille and Ramsey..'....". 8:-*3?
7:a«A Martinez. San Umiion.Vallejo. Naya,
CaliKti'K^ and Sant-a Uoaa StlSp
8:00 a Atlantic ISxpreat, Ogden aad Kant.. Bi4<ir
■i:t«A San Jose, Htoektou, Valley Spricg,
lone, Sacrameuto, Marysvula,
Ohico, Tehama and Red Isinif . 4il3P
11:30 v Stockton, Oakdalc and Jamestown. . 7: 1 lit
•»:30a Milton *.; :...... »7it»»
»«OOa Martinez, Traoy, Lathrop, Meroed .
and Fresno 12:13r
BiOO a Fresno, Bakers Geld, Santa I!*r!mra. .■•-.■■
Los Angeles. Detnk.g, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 6<43p
Fresno, Mendota, Tracy and Mar-
tloez Bt43p
1 O:OOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:43p
•l:OOp Sacramento Uirer Bte»ui«rs.. «O:OOj»
1 :OOp Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... 11:13 a
San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... lUiIOa
StOOp Niles, Tracy, Mandota, Haniurd and
VUalia 15jr
....... Lirermore, San Jose, Nlles and Way
Stations ..". 110:13 a
4ittOp Martinez, Han Ramon, Vallejo, .
Nuna, {'alißtutfit, ICI Verauo and
Santa Uo»a »«1«A-
4iO0p Benicia, Vacavilie, Woodland,
Knights Lauding, Mary»Tille, Gro-
Tilla and .Sacramento 10:45 a
4iBOp Hay wards, Nlles and San Jose 7:45 a
3:00p Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojare, Santa Barbara aud Los
.' Angeles 8:4!»A
StOOp Santa l"o Route, Atlantic Express
forMoJare and Kant os43p
S: 3o p Nlles, San Jo«e, Tracy, I*throp,
' Meroed and Fresno *'•
8:30p Stockton 12:1
fi:OOi- ICnropeaii Mall. Ogdeu and Kttat....' U:4sa
•BtU»p Valiejo :... 18ilflp
J7:OOi- Vallejo, Port Costa and Way BU-
tlons.! t»>43»
8:00p Oregon Sacramento, Marjra-
vllk-. U«>l<litiK, rjilhuni, Piiget
Hound Mid Kast 8»1»a
SiX lkanTTuo ami 11 \VVVA.IiI»S local.
(Foot of Market Street.) j
1 31eli(wf, Vrininiirj I'nrk, f
«rOOA Fitclih.irK, Klmhunr. t ,f\^\
iVMOK Kan liewidro, South Sm ■ ials»r
io.ooa Leaiiilro. K«tu.lillo, i!>:!r.p
I:OOa • Lorenio, Cherry ■ • •«iU.-i»
1 SSSS *" 1 ' }2:ITP
.2;?"' HRjnanU. , • • »5:43p
*- 7ioop i Ran through to Niles. 7«48r
j t From Nileß ' *■ I
"~ 'COAST IHVIMOX (NarroiT (iange). *""
(Foot of Market Street.) .
»t 13 a Newark, Ceu San Jose,
< : BoalderCreck,BantaOruzandWay
Btations 5.-30*
•2il3p Newark, CenteiTille, San Jose, New .. • ' :;
Almaden, Fulton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal . Way . ■
Stations »10:5»A
4:15p Newark, San Jose and Loa 0ab00... U:2Oa
f11:45p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Btittioiis t 7 * 20 *
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIM mHCISCO— Foot of Market Sireil 'Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 '3:00 t3:00
•1:00 t5:03 *6:00ro«.
FromOmiND— Pool Qfßro«dw»y.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00a. u.
112:00 •1:00" JS:OO *3:00 tl:03 ' •5:03r.M.
COAST t>l VISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Towpseiul SU.) -
7:OOa hau .lone and' Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....... l:;tOF
9:OOa Han June. Tres rinos. Hwßta Crux,
raciiic Rum l'aso Kobleg. Sail
Luis Ol)lb|hi, Guadalupo, Surf aud . --\-f.
' Principal Way BtaHoiis 4:10*
1O:4Oa San .lone and Way .Stations.. •*:««»
1I::»)a Ban Jose ami Way .Stations St&St
•a:43r San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .lose,
' GUroy, Hollister, Santa Crux,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
GroTe .*..... •IO:30»
•S:3op San .lose and Way 5tati0n5. ......... »1):. m» >
*l:13p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 8:43 \
•5:(»0p San Jose aud Principal Way Stations B:33»
3:30p San Jose and Princip*: W»y .Stations s::i*>»
«::'.»•!• San Jobs aw: Way Stations 7:30f
tll:4Br Ban Jose and Way Stations. ;....'...'- i 7:30?
A for Morning. ■ P for Afternoon.
Sundays excepted. J Snndava nh ♦ Sjitnrilars only
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
UN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TUburon Perry, F««t at Market St. >' : ..
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL..
WEEK DATS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:15,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 ■
and 11:30 p. m. ~ ■ .. C'_ 1,.,,- -^..-»^- _;---.
•ei/isjJAis— s-36, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. . 1:10.
6:00, 6:20 p. m. ' ' " ■
- SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; li:«.
3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips as
1:55 and 6:35 p. m. ■ . - .
SUNDAYS— 9:*o, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:00, 6:25 p. m. ' '••: .".-. '■ :=.--^
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 16, ■
Week I Sun- ; i 1898. Sun- Week
Days. j days. Destination. days. Days.
7:3oam 8:00aml Novato, - ' 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:3opm 9:3oami Petaluma, • 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:22 pra
Fulton, •
7:30 am Windsor," • ■■ 10:25 am
«-.<:•-;' ■ Healdsbury, - -■-.;*.
.. Lytton, -
- - Geyservllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am .Cloverdale, . 7:35pm 6:22pm
Hopland and
7:30 am 8:00 am Ukiah. ..« .7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am ■ 10:25 am
8:00 am Guemeville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oara
- and ■ /
s:lopm s:oopm Glen Ellen. ■-■ 6:lopm 6:22pm, ..
7:30 am 8:00 am SebastQpol. 10:40 ami 10:25 am
3:3o pm| s:oopm . • 7:3s pmi 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
serville for Skagjrs Springs: at Cloverdal© for >
•he Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-port and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's, Bucknell's,
Banhedrin Heights. Hullville, Booneville, Orr"a
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal, Willitts, Laytonvilie, Cum-
minx's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
H C WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car»
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Caps
Run on the Following Times
Leave San Francl«co.6:oo p. m.. M.T.W.T.F 9.
Arrive Denver... 6:00 p. m.. W.T.F.8.9.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago .9:00 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Servo Superior Meals at Very Reason*
able Rates.
YOU WILL BE COMFQttTABLrV
IV You Travel on the Santa Pa.
SAI FRAHCiSCO TICKET OFFICE — 528 MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1520.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
; Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
. ."" San Josa Office— 7 "West Santa Olara St
THE SAN FRANCISCO * AND SAN JOAQUiS
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Oct. 10. 1898, trains will run as tollowa; -
iSoulh-bou,pd. ■ . North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. (Passen-
ger. Sunday . -■ .. -" Sunday ger. -
Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exo'ptd Dally.
8:20 am 9:25 am "Stockton 3:45 pm 7:00 pra
11:10 am 12:50 pm : Merced 12:50 pm 5:13 pm,
I2:4upm 4:l.'. pm ; Fresno 9:30 am 3:45pm '
l:3Spm 6:45pm Hanford" 7:45 am 2:4opm
«:25pm 11:59 pm Bakersfleld 2:Soam 12:10 pm
l:SSpm 7:50 pm Vlsalla 6:40 am | 2:20 pin
Stopping: at Intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
ralifornla Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, ■ leaving ■ San Francisco at 6 p. m. daily.
Excepting Sunday, and Stockton :at 7:15 p. m.
For «tßge connection* 'see official . time tabl»
>r Inquire at Traffic Manager s Office. 321 Mar-
tet street. San Francisco. . * '^ ■' I.
/■^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
|/.,Si&»"-A\si | n JW34 for tho treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, ■
(»2*"»KEAB3iT»T. Kstnbllsned
In lM34for tht'trpatment df Private
DiseiiSfS, L«w>t MHiiho.ul Debility or
e«|p?£2 t '**s» dlseos*' wonringou bodyund mliida.::d
&ssms)csBti Nljin DlaeHacs. Th^doctorcureswhen . •
otbeisfall- Try him. Cburgas low.
jfeASJ^S^Stl <'uirr»eiiarantr«»d. C-tllorwrltn.
l>r. J. I • UIBBONi Box 1907. tian Fiuaclaofe
■
1112
DANNY MAKER
STILL AT IT
Sat Astride Three Win
ners at Morris Park.
PEEP 0' DAY WON AGAIN
TIME-MAKER GAVE HIS FOL
LOWERS THE CHILLS.
It Rained Hard at Latonia and the
Guessing Was Hard — Osric
II Gathered in a
Purse.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MORRIS PARK. N. T., Oct. 21.-The j
card for the extra day was marred by a ;
liberal scratching of entries. Danny
Maher was in fine form, piloting three :
winners over the line, and his followers }
got most of the coin. Three of the favor
ites earned brackets. The weather was
cloudy and the track very heavy.
First rac«, eleven-sixteenths of a mile, maid-
IXame and Weight. Jockeys.) *i. %. Sir. Fin.
Name an<Tweight. Jockeys.] %. Str. Fin.
FloraUne," 107 Collins; 0 0 0 1
•Fairydale, 107 Turner! 2 112
Emma Nora. 107 Maher| U 2 2 3
Time. L:06%- Won driving-.
Tarlc 110, 'Brass 110. To and Fro 107. Dennis
C 107, La. Russe 107 and Stain 107 also ran.
Sausalito odds— SO to 1, :to 1 and sto 2.
Track odd* on winner — 40 to 1.
•Favorites.
Second" race. Eclipse course, two-year-olds.
Name and Weight. Jockeys.) hi. H- Str.Fln.
•Gaze. 103 Maher j 1111
Golden Days. 106 Spencer 0 0 0 2
li ■:. Thomas, 84.... R. Lewis 0 3 3 3
Amorita, 107 Mackey 3 0 0 0
Time, 1:11%. Won easily.
Great Neck 100 and Lamity 95 also ran.
Sausalito odds— l to 2. 5 to 1 and S to 1.
Track odds on winner — 3 to 5.
•Favorite.
Third race. Withers mile, handicap.
~~Name and Weight. Jockeys. | hi., hi- Str. Fin
•Swlftmas. 130 Maherj 2 3 2 11
Sensational, 96 O'Connor 1112
Warrent'.n. 12'J Taral| 0 0 0 3
Buela, 127 Sims; 2 3 3 4
Time. 1:44. Won handily.
-allto odds — Even, 4 to 1 and 5 to 2.
Track odds on winner— to 5.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, six furlongs. j
Name and Weight. Jockeys. . *s. Str. Fin. [
•Cormorant, 106 Maher 3 3 11
Manlius, 105 Spencer 112 2
Claroba, 102 Moody 2 2 3 3
Time, 1:17. Won easily.
Sausalito odds— 2 to 5. 5 to 2 and 10 to 1.
Track odds on winner — 1 to 3.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, handi
cap. j
Name and Weight. Jockeys. hi.- Vi. Sir Fin.
Peep o' Day. 125 Taral' 1 1 1 l%\
Handsel. 107 Spencer 2 4 2 2 '■
Macy, 123 Burns! 3 2 4 3 1
•Irish Reel. 121 Maherl * 3 3 4
Time. I:4SH- Won driving.
Sausalito odds— s to 2. 4 to 1 and 4 to 1.
, Track '"Ids on winner— 7 to 2.
•Favorite.
mcf W.'thfra rrr'p. _____
Name and Weight. Jockeys. I hi- H- Str. Fin.
peat S5 Burns 1 2 1 12
•Cha'rentus. 101 Maheri 112 2 j
K. of the Garter. 96.. Singer 0 3 3 3
Time, 1:42V4- Won handily.
\ Flax Spinner SS and Charley Rose OS also ran.
. Sausalito odds— s to 2, 7 to 10 and 5 to 1.
Track odds on winner— to 1.
•Favorite.
HARLEM TRACK, Chicago, Oct. 29.— The
sloppy going here to-day was responsible for a
number of upsets. Caywood had but one
mount, on W C T, and landed him a winner
at remunerative odds. First choices in the
ring made themselves comfortable with three
purses.
I First race, six furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys.! M. Vs. Str. Fin.
•Teutons. 105 H. Martin) 0 0 0 IV4
Judge Wofrord, 58.... J. Reiff 0 0 3 !h
La Josephine. 9S...Hothersall 2 2 113
jj T. 113 .' Lynch 110 0
Time. 1:23«4. Won driving.
Nellie Fonso 98, Merops 101, Sam Lazarus 101,
Major Bell 101. Phidias 101. Sun God 101. Lizzie
R 102. Miss Dooley 110 and Pella B 110 also
ran.
Sausalito odds— S to 5, 8 to 1 and 5 to 1.
Track odds on winner — 8 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, fifteen-sixteenths of a mile, sell
ing.
Name and Weight. Jockeys.] hi- %• Str. Fin.
W CT. 109 Caywood 2 111
Mistral 11, 112 C. Sloan 0 0 3 2
Sunburst, 106 Bloss 0 0 0 3
•Ramona. 105 Dean 0 0 2 0
Time, 1:47%. Won ridden out.
Warren Point 102. Dixie Lee 102, C. 11. Whe
lan 102 and Agitator 106 also ran.
Sausalito odds— B to 1, 4 to 1 and 10 to 1.
Track odds on winner— l 2to L
•Favorite.
Third race, mile and a half, selling.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. >i- %• im. Str. Fin.
•George Lee, 91...H01den 0 f 0 0 2 14
Winslow, 105 Ellis 0 0 0 0 2
C. Pointer. 89..McNickels 11113
Time, 2:56V4. Won easily.
Bethlehem Star 87, Mr. Easton 87, Lucid 90
and Host 92 also ran.
Sa'isallto odds— Even, 8 to 5 and 8 to 1.
Track odds on winner— to 5.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, one mile.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. | %. . hi- Str.Fln.
Great Bend, 101 Dupee 2 2 2 11
Donna Rita, 101 Dean 11 128
•Time Maker, 110.... C. Sloan | 3 0 2 3
Time, 1:54V4. Won driving.
Basquil 110 and Gov. Sheehan 110 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 3 to 1, & to 2 and 3 to 2.
Track odds on winner— B to 5.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling. ;
Name and Weight. Jockeys. I %. hi- Str. Fin
Josephine B. 97 Shepard 12 2 1
•Sea Lion, 110 Beauchamp 2 1 12
Doremus, 102 J. Reiff| 0 3 3 3
_________ _________
Time, 1:07%. Won driving.
Oscar's Joy 89. A. McKnight 100, Curassier
100, Charlo 100, Buena Ventura 102, Our Nellie
102 and The Wooer 104 also ran.
Bansallto odds— 3 to 1. 7 to 10 and 8 to 1.
Track odds on winner— 7 to 2.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, six furlongs, celling-.
•Fred Broens, 107 (Everett) 1
Surmount, 107 (Ellis) %
Peg Parks, 104 (Hothersall) 3
No description on account of darkness.
Time, 1:25. Won cleverly.
Grey John 104, La Champagne 104, San Sabar
107, Herman Kahn 107, Ironical 104, Zula Vail
104, Exquisite 104, Chancy Flshec, 104, Gwine
104, John Sack 104, Pug 107, Blue Dan 107,
Nemo 107 and Gypcelver 107 also ran.
Sausalito odds— t to 2, 5 to i and 8 to 1.
Track odds on winner— to 2.
•Favorite. .
LATONIA, Oct. 21.— The heavy going kept
the talent guessing hard to-day. Leo Lake,
the California, bred horse, Osric II and Damo
cles were the winning favorites.
First race. »lx furlongs, selling. ■■
Mitt Boykln. 97 (Southard) . x 1
Fremont, 101 (Knight) 2
•Stanza. 97 (Southard) 3
No description.
Time, 1:21. Won cleverly.
Ed Overlook 97, Argus 101, Rouble 107 and
Ed Foro 107 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 4 to 1, 5 to 1 and 5 to 2. -
Track odds on winner— to 1.
♦Favorite.
Second race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. l' hi. ft. Str. Fin.
Oolathevllft .r T ... v ..Kuhnj i I I In
•Volandies. 110 Knight 3 2 2 2
Pat Garrett, 107 ....Southard 0 0 0 8
Chancery, 105 Thompson 1 & *■ »
Time, 1:15%. Won in a hard drive.
Flying AS'ord ICO, Fatherland 100 and Dr.
Blaise 110 also ran. _..«»_, i
Sausalito odds— s to 1. 3 to 2 and 10 to 1.
Track odds on winner— 4 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, one mile, selling.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. M.. V»- Str. Fin.
•Leo Lake, 107 Powers 1 2 2 14
Harry Shannon, 107.... Moody 0 0 0 2
Suydam, 110 Conley % \ I i
li. li. Sack, 105 G^Taylorj 3 3 3 0
Time l:50H. Won driving.
Prosecutor 100. Friar John 100. Pop Dlxon 100
and Don Clarencio 105 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 3 to 6, 3 to 1 and S to 1.
Track odds on winner— l to I.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling.
Name and Weight. Jockeys.! Vi- hi- Str. Fin.
11. 107 Frosti 3 3 2 13
Full Hand. 107 Hinkey 0 0 0 2ns
McKarlaiid 11, 107 ..Matthews 0 0 0 S j
Harry Floyd, &7 Crowhurst 1110
Time. 1:2114. Won easily.
Maggie S i' 7, Minnie Weldon 97, Irvington j
Ky y7 and The Navy 97 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 3 to 2. 12 to 1 and S to 1.
Track odds on winner— S to 3.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, five furlongs, ■elllng.
~Name and Welsht. Jockeys. 1 fr. hi- Str. Fin.
Duplicate, 101 Kuhn 2 3 1 12
Norma Taylor, 104.. .. J. Hill 112 2
Plccola, 106 Southard 0 0 0 1
Time, 1:07. Won handily. <
Crinkle 96. Paysinta 9<, Lute's Margaret 96,
Bidle of Dublin 102, 'Aureole 105 and Pauline
J also ra:i.
Sausallto odds— 6 to 2, S to 1 and 5 to 2.
Track oUds on winner — 5 to 2.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, six furlongs, sellings
•Damocles. 107 ( Powers) 1
Mazeppa, lu7 (Dunn) 2
Annie M. 105 (Thompson) 3
No description on account of darkness.
Timf, 1:20%. Won easily.
Bausalito odds— 3 to .".. 3 to 1 and 15 to 1.
Track odds on winner— l to 2.
•Favurke.
FOOTBALL AT SAN JOSE.
Great Interest in the Game to Be
Flayed This Afternoon.
SAN JOSE, Ort. 21.— Ureat interest cen
ters in the game of football at Cyclers'
Park to-morrow afternoon ~etween Santa
Clara College and University of Califor
nia freshmen. The game will be close
ly contested and its outcome will serve
to denote the winner in the. Inter-collegi
ate match between the University of Cali
fornia and Stanford freshmen. Santa
Clara defeated the Stanford men last
Saturday by a score of IS to 0. The Santa
Clara eleven is in good condition, and
for the past few days has been coached
by Eugene Sheeny, the crack guard of the
Olympics.
Sale of Haggin Yearlings.
NEW YORK, O< t. 21.—A number of |
yearlings, the property of J. li. Haggln. j
were sold at auction to-day at Morris
Park. The highest prices were: B, L, by
Star Ruby-Darine, F. K. Hitchcock, 11100;
b. 1., by Sir Modred-Turmalii-.e, C. Orr,
$550.
LAKE CRICKETERS WIN.
Fast Bowling at Lakeport Plays
Havoc With Placer County
Batsmen.
The third match of the Citrus Colony
cricketers' tour was played at Lakeport '
on October 20 In the presence of several
hundred spectators. It was Placer County
vs. Lake County. The home team vent
to the bat first, and made the small score j
of 39 runs, C. K. Turner taking six wick- ;
ets and C. Simmonds the remaining four.
The highest score was Reeling's 11. But.
small as Lake County's score was, tne
visitors made a still smaller one— l 7 for
nine wickets. The young Lake County
fast bowler. Rose, played havoc with the
Placer County men, taking seven wickets
for 7 runs.
• • ' e*-g©Jfl |4e -t. } :e .wicfccta far. jie?si"L
time, the Lake County men fairly collared
the visitors' bowling and scored 221 runs
for seven wickets. The highest scorers
were: R. W. Beale, C. M. Hammond (not
out) and H. E. Hudson. Seven of the
Placer County men were put on to bowl,
the most successful being R. Marsh-
Browne, who took two wickets for 24
runs. , ; "
The second Innings not being completed,
the game went to Lake County on tne
first innings by 22 runs. The Lake County
score in the second Innings is the record j
on a Lake County ground, and was greet- ,
ed with much enthusiasm. At night the !
visitors were entertained at a dinner, at j
which speeches were made by Captains 1
Butt and Keeling, Messrs Hammond,
Beakbane, Spurr and others.
The score:
LAKE COUNTY.
First lnninEß—
T. W. B-;akbane, b. C K. Turner 2
II V. Keeling, b. Simmonds 11
H e' Hudson, 1. b. w.. b. Simmonds 0
R. W. Beale, b. C. K. Turner 6
V A Greene, c. Simmonds, b. C. K. Turner. 0
C. M. Hammond, b. C. K. Turner 1
W. O. Edmunds, b. C. K. Turner 2
P. Rose, not out j>
H. P. H. Hasgitt, b. C. K. Turner 0
<; R. Webber, b. Slmmonds 1
A. H. Spurr, b. Simmonds 0
Leg byes ♦ 8
Total first Innings 39
PLACER COUNTY.
First innings—
C. Simmonds, b. Rose 0
11. A. Butt, 1. b. w., b. Keeling 6
C. K. Turner, b. ROM 1
K. Marsh-Browne, b. Keeling 1
W. Pctherick. not out 6
W. B. Paul. b. Rose 2
P. E. Coleman, b. Rose 0
J. Harding, b. Rose 0
A. T. Chutp, c. Hudson h Rose ■> 0
11. S. Turner, b. Rose 0
Bye» 1
Total 17
LAKE COUNTY.
Second Innings
H. V. Keeling, c. Coleman. b. Simmonds — 13
H. E. Hudson, c. Harding, b. Petherlck.... 40
T. W. Beakbane. b. Harding 21
H. W. Bf-alo. b. H. Turner 42
P. Rose, I). H. Turner 1
F. A. Greene, b. Marsh-Browne 20
C. M. Hammond, not out 43
W. O. Edmands, c. Coleman, b. . Marsh-
Browne ■. 3
H. P. H. Haggltt, not out 12
O. R. Webber, did not bat
A. H. Spurr. did not bat .v. v ..
Extras 26
Total for H^ven wickets 221
RED CROSS WORK.
The Society Has Served 75,174
Lunches to Soldiers This Year.
The San Francisco Red Cross will move
to-day into the Nucleus building, as the
rooms so lons donated to its use by Claua
Spreckels are being utilized as a law li
brary. During the week the Hospitality
Committee has served lunch to 800 sol
diers on board the Senator and to 525 on
board the Valencia, making the sum to
tal of all lunches served since the trouble
with Spain began 75,174. The workers at
16 Post street have been very busy pre
paring packages to be forwarded to Ma
nila, and Invite all those having any
thing to send to the soldiers to leave it at
this address.
The furnishing of a cook for the Di
vision Hospital by the society, and the
Improvement in the cooking thereby, have
been, according to the physicians, the
means of restoring health to many of the
sick and are also responsible for the fact
that since that time only three deaths
have occurred. In a letter. Colonel Fife
granted permission to the ladies to serve
lunch to the men under his command,
while in port, and has written them this
note:
I take this occasion to thank you for the
many courtesies we have rf.«ivp«l at your
hands and for the noble work done by the
Red Cross of this city. We nre Kr.'itfful, and
the officer* and the men of this command ap
preciate what you have done in the cause in
which you are now engaged. I am sincerely
yours, W. J. FIFE,
Lieutenant Colonel First "Washington Volun
teer Infantry.
Father Yorke to Speak.
After three weeks of moat successful
work St. Patrick's bazar will come to a
close to-night and a treat is in store for
all those who attend as Father Yorke
will be present and deliver an address at
8 o'clock. As Father Yorke is about to
depart on a long trip abroad his many
friends will be glad of thla opportunity to
bid him good-by. His address will be of
special interest at this time and a well
filled house Is sure to greet him. On
Monday evening there will be an auction
sale of goods left over from the bazar.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER L>2, IS9B.
MET DEATH
BY FLAMES
IN A HOTEL
Five Persons Perish
at Clairville.
RAPID SPREAD OF THE FIRE
TWO PERSONS ESCAPE B\ JUMP
ING FROM WINDOWS.
A Chinaman Suspected of Having
Caused the Terrible Disaster.
The Pecuniary Loss Is
Light.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
BECKWITH, Oct. 21.— A representa
tive of The Call arrived here this even
nlgr from Clairville, a small village
twelve miles west of here and the west
ern terminus of the Sierra Valley Rail
road, with the following particulars of
a fire which resulted in the death of
five persons:
The fire, which was discovered in the
Clairville Hotel at an early hour this
morning, sprtad so rapidly that five
persons were burned to death and the
other inmates barely escaped with their
lives by Jumping from second story
windows.
The dead are:
MRS. CORONADO, mother-in-law
of Charles E. Roberts, the proprietor
of the hotel.
FLORENCE ROBERTS, the six
year-old daughter of the hotel
keeper.
CARSON BT7RNEY, a fireman on
the Sierra Valley railroad.
POMPEY PERDINI, owner of a
sawmill and ranch.
A waiter-girl from Carson, whose
name cannot be ascertained.
Chat Roberts, a rancher and notable
character of the neighborhood, escaped
by jumping from a second story win-
dow, but was injured to an extent
which cannot be determined until medi
cal aid reaches here; but it is feared he
may not recover.
Joe McCormack. a conductor on the
Sierra Valley road and a son of Con
ductor McCormack of the Virginia and
Truckee, escaped without serious in
jury by jumping from a window.
McCormack gave the following ac
count of his experience:
"I was awakeaed by some one yell
ing fire. I opened th>^ door and saw
that I could not get out that way, as
the stairs were on fire. Almost before j
j I could think what to do, the flames j
burst into my room and I jumped out ,
of the window, with nothing on me but j
my nightshirt. By tb*_. SffiS 1. SOBkti
look around. to st-o if all were saved j
entire building was in flames, and '
~m"a"short time we made the horrible
discovery that the others had per- I
ished."
Charles and Mrs. Roberts were awak
ened by the alarm of fire, but the (lames
had not only cut off all possibility i>f
their escape by the stairway, but the
passageway leading to their daughter's
rooms was in flames. They had little
time to even think what might be done
before the flames were upon them and '
| they were forced to jump for their
' lives.
They were horror-stricken on failing
| to find their daughter and Mrs. Rob
erts' mother, and as the building was
then a mass of seething flames, the \
awful truth dawned upon them that '■
both Florence and Mrs. Coronado were
victims to the fury or the fire. It is
supposed the aged woman and child
were overcome by the smoke and were
cremated in their room.
McCormack and Chat Roberts lost
their clothing — in fact, nothing was
saved from the building. The pecu
niary loss is probably $1200, with but j
little insurance. The origin of the fire
may never be definitely known, but the '
few who escaped are inclined to be
lieve it was caused by an incendiary '
and suspicion points toward a China- \
man as the miscreant.
The Roberts family have quite a his
tory. Chat Roberts is the father of |
Charley, Joe, I-se<lford and Bill Roberts, j
who composed the once notorious gang j
of outlaws known as the "Roberts «
gang," and who, a number of years j
ago, were implicated in a Southern Pa- i
cific hold-up near Reno.
Two of the boys have since died. The ;
father and the other two sons have
been engaged in the hotel and other
business enterprises In Plumas County
for a number of years.
DAMAGE SUIT COMPROMISED.
Southarn Pacific Pays $2000 for a
Man's Arms.
SUISTJN, Oct. 21.— The damage suit of j
Edward Dehaven of Vacaville against the !
Southern Pacific Company has been com- !
promised in the Superior Court of Solano
County for $2000. The original auit was
brought against the company for $50,000.
In September, 1895, Dehaven, In company j
with two other young men, was driving |
across the track in the yard at Elmira. !
An engine was backing toward them and I
the horses became unmanageable. The !
young men Jumped from the wagon, De
haven falling on the track in such .1 man
ner that both arms were crushed, render
ing amputation necessary.
ABSURD AND IMPOSSIBLE.
Li Hung Chang and Dowager Em-
press Not Married.
CHICAGO, Oct. 21.— W11 Ting Fang, Chi
nese Minister to the United States, before
his departure for Washington, said that
the report of a marriage between Li
Hung Cnar" and the Dowager Empress
was absurd.
"This is the most ridiculous of all ru
mors," said Wu Ting Fang. "It is im
possible."
Young Melville to Be Liberated.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 21.— Th* sentence
of W. R. Melville, who was supposed to
have been drowned near Sausalito about
live years ago, and who was subsequently
found to be a defaulter from the Bank of
California and a fugitive from justice, has
been commuted )'V Governor Budd. The
commutation will take effect next Mon
day, on which date Melville will be re
leased from San Quentin Prison. He had
one more year to serve. He is a son of
Emily Melville, the actress.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRAN'SATL. ANTIC STEAMERS.
LISBONr-Salled Oct 21— Stmr Penin: ular, for
New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 21— Stmr Pennsyl
vania, from Hamburg.
HAMBURG— Arrived Oct 21— Stmr Patrla,
from New York.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived Oct 21 — Stmr
Switzerland, from Antwerp.
NAPLES— Arrived Oct 21-Stmr Fulda, from
New York.
Sailed Oct 21— Stmr Kaiser Wllhelm 11, New
York.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Oct 21— Stmr Wer
kendam, from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Oct 21— Stmr Au
gusta Victoria, for New York.
Liverpool— Sailed Oct 31-Stmr Nordic*,
for New York.
WILL GET A
MAJORITY IN
THE SENATE
Republicans Sure to
Control.
THIRTY TERMS EXPIRE IN '99
SOUND MONEY MEN CERTAIN TO
BE IN THE LEAD.
Byesult of Selections by the Legisla
tures Next Year Are in Doubt
in Washington and
1 Wyoming.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Oct. 21.
In view o. the importance of the
financial question, as well as of the
necessity that the Republican party
have a Congress in accord with the ad
ministration on other questions and
especially the war problem, the politi
cal complexion of the next Senate is a
matter which is now being considered
with great interest.
The terms of thirty Senators expire
on March 3, 1599. These are Aldrich of
Rhode Island, Burrows of Michigan,
Clark of Wyoming, Davis of Minnesota,
Hale of Maine, Hanna of Ohio, Hawley
of Connecticut. Lodge of Massachu
setts, Proctor of Vermont, Quay of
Pennsylvania and Wilson of Washing
ton, Republicans; Bate of Tennessee,
CockrelJ of Missouri, Daniel of Vir
ginia, Faulkner of West Virginia, Gor
man of Maryland, Gray of Delaware,
Mills of Texas, Mitchell of Wisconsin,
Money of Mississippi, Murphy of New
York, Pasco of Florida, Roach of North
Dakota, Smith of New Jersey. Turpie
of Indiana and White of California,
Democrats; Allen of Nebraska and
Stewart of Nevada, Populists, and
Cannon of Utah and Mantle of Mon
tana, Silver Republicans.
Senators uanna of Ohio, Daniel of
Virginia, Aldrich of Rhode Isiand and
Money of Mississippi have already been
elected to the long term beginning on
March 4. 1899. Judge L. E. McComas
has been chosen in Maryland to suc
ceed Senator Gorman and Joseph Si
mon was recently chosen to occupy the
vacant seat in Oregon, so that there
are remaining twenty-five Senators yet
to be elected. Of these retiring nine
are Republicans, twelve Democrats,
two Populists and two Silver Repub
licans.
Of the nine Republicans whose terms
expire, seven will surely have Repub
lican successors, but there may be a
doubt as to Clark of Wyoming and
"Wilson of Washington. Bryan carried
Wyoming by 583 votes, but the Repub
licans had the - Legislature \ff fifteen
majority. The great improvement in
business, especially in the wool trade,
which is very important in that State,
leads Wyoming Republicans to believe
that they will carry the State this fall.
In Washington the outlook is not so
encouraging. Bryan had 12,493 plural
ity over McKinley and the Legislature
stood eighty-five fusion to twenty-six
Republicans. Senator Wilson believes
that the State will go Republican this
fall, but there is room for doubt In the
matter.
Four of the twelve Democrats, Bate
of Tennessee, Cockrell of Missouri,
Mills of Texas and Pasco of Florida,
will be succeeded by Democrats. 'Ph. is.;
from West Virginia, Delaware, Wiscon
sin, New York, North Dakota, New
Jersey, Indiana and California will in
all probability be succeeded -y Repub
licaiMf the only doubtful cases being
Delaware and Indiana. In the first
named the present Legislature is large
ly Democratic, but with harmony in
the Republican ranks there is but little
doubt that in the next the latter will
have a good working majority. Indi
ana, is always a doubtful State for Re
publicans, but in 18y6 McKinley had
18,181 plurality over Bryan and the
Legislature was Republican by twenty
majority. In West Virginia the Re
publicans had twenty-one majority, in
New Jersey twenty-one, in North Da
kota forty-two and in California four
teen. In New York, where the strong
est fight may be expected, the Reput>.
I leans last fall, after a most disastrous
campaign, won the Legislature by
thirty-four majority, and with a Gov.
ernor to elect this fall, together with a
full State and Legislative ticket, they
may be safely counted on to send a
Republican to the Senate to succeed
Mr. Murphy.
It is safe to say that Senator Stewart
will, if he desires, be his own successor
from Nevada, and in any event that
State will send a free silver Populist in
his place. Nor is the outlook at all fa
vorable in Nebraska. The present Leg
islation stands as follows: Fusionists
67, Independents 30, Democrats 7. and
Republicans 39. This gives an anti-
Republican majority of 55. While the
complete disproval of all free silver
predictions as to the results of the Re
publican victory in 1896 tends to
strengthen the Republican cause, the
heavy defalcations of two Republican
State officials have had a very bad ef
fect on the party, and the further fact
that Nebraska is Mr. Bryan's State will
lead the opposition to put forth every
elTort to win. In view of all this, it
will not be at all surprising or dis
couraging if the Republicans lose the
citate this fall. In that case it Is prob
able that Senator Allen will be re
elected.
In Montana the Free Silver Repub
licans will likely control the Legisla
ture, while in Utah the contest will lie
between the Free Silver Republicans
and the Democrats, with the chances
favoring the latter. The present Leg
islature is composed of sixty Democrats
and three Republicans. However, Sen
ator Cannon, Free Silver Republican,
is a candidate for re-election, and as
his father, George Q. Cannon, the prac
tical head of the Mormon church, is a
power with the voters of that faith, the
election may be thrown to the Silver
Republicans.
In Montana the present Legislature
stands fifty-three Democrats, nineteen
Populists and nineteen Republicans,
but this result being brought about by
a general fusion of all the free silver
forces cannot be regarded as showing
that the Free Silver Republicans proper
may not be strong enough to re-elect
Senator Mantle.
On the basis figured out above the
thirty-one Senators who will take their
seats on March 4, 1899, will be divided
politically as follows: Republicans,
nineteen, a gain of seven; j 'emocrats,
six, a loss of six; Populists, two; Free
Filver Republicans, two. This leaves
two in doubt — Wyoming and Washing
ton.
The nineteen Republicans will all be
for sound money, and should the Re
publicans succeed in carrying Wyom
ing and Washington there would be
two raore, as the Senators from these
States voted against the Teller reso
lution. Leaving them out of the ques
tion, however, it would be a gain of
nineteen. The twenty-seven holdover
Republicans are all sound money men,
and the total Bound mon«y Repub
licans' strength would then be forty
six, or exactly a majority of the entire
Senate.
TO DIVIDE WORK WITH
CHURCH OF ENGLAND
Episcopalians Decide tc Take Such
Action Before Beginning Inde
pendent Work in Hawaii.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21.— The general
convention of the Episcopal church to
day adopted a resolution recommending
a conference with the Church of England
before entering upon Independent work
In Hawaii, the two churches doing Joint
work there now under agreement. The
Pacific Coast delegates wanted no delay,
but were overruled. Provision was made
for the commission to start work in Cuba
and Porto Rico at an early day.
Among the propositions adopted were
those establishing a new missionary dis
trict in Kioto, Japan; discontinuing fur
ther revision of the hymnal, agreeing to
further conference with Bishops on final
date of adjournment, and naming a spe
cial committee to report on the question
of a standard Bible.
The establishment of the general fea
tures of a judicial system for the church
came up on the consideration of article
IX of the proposed revision of the con
stitution. As finally presented the article
provides courts for trying of Bishops,
presbyters and deacons, courts of review
and an ultimate court of appeals to con
sider questions of doctrine, faith or wor
ship. The main criticism was directed
against the clause providing that Bishops
shall be tried by "Bishops only." The
clause was retained after much discus
sion and a vote.
The House of Bishops agreed on a com
mittee of five Bishops— South Dakota,
New Mexico and Arizona, the Platte,
Spokane and Duluth— to prepare a code
of canons for missionary districts.
Rheumatism, kidney. liver diseases cured. Dr.
Gordln, Sanitarium. 514 Pine, nr. Kearny, S.JT. Cai.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. C. F. Hibbett. U. 6. N., is at the
Palace.
Judge W. H. Hatton of Modesto Is at
the Lick.
E. Jacob, a Visalia capitalist, is at the
Occidental.
Fred Dodd, the Fresno hotel man. Is at
the Baldwin.
A. W. McPherson, the Stockton capi
talist, is at the Russ.
John Barr, a well-known Scotch min
ing man, Is at the Grand.
Major Tilden, First California Volun
teers, is expected home to-day.
S. Arnold, a well-known United States
navy engineer, is at the Palace.
A. H. James, a prominent ranchman of
Solano, is a guest at the Grand.
W. A. Gill, U. 6. N., direct from Wash
ington, D. C, is at the Baldwin.
F. Chevalier, a prominent St. Helena
vineyardist, is stopping at the Baldwin.
W. Henderson, the well-known theatri
cal manager of Chicago, is at the Russ.
E. T. McCullough, an extensive cattle
raiser at Crows Landing, is at the Grand.
Alden Anderson, a prominent fruit
grower and politician of Suisun, is at the
Grand.
Paymaster John Irwin Jr., I*. S. N.,
is at the California, accompanied by
his wife.
J. B. Deleher, a widely known theatrical
manager of New York, is a recent arrival
at the Baldwin.
C. B. Jeffries, an extensive hardware
merchant of Minneapolis, is a recent ar
rival at the Grand.
Chris Runckle of Dutch Flat, on several
tickets- far -•SiH>er;iusr!<iem of
Schools, is at the Rush.
W. H. Perry, a prominent lumber dealer
of Los Angeles, accompanied by his
daughter, is at the Lick.
Bailey Willis of the United States Geo
logical Survey has arrived from Washing
ton and put up at the Occidental.
Mrs. L. L. Dunbar, secretary of the
State Red Cross Society, leaves to-day
for a pleasure trip to Honolulu.
The new Japanese Minister, Jutaro
Komura, a Harvard graduate, Is ex
pected on the Belgic in November.
\V. W. Felton, a Mazatlan merchant,
has returned from New York, accompan
ied by Mrs. Felton, and put up at the
Occidental.
Major H. A. Moore, special agent of
the Treasury Department, left for a
ten days' trip north yesterday morning
on ofli< ial business.
Captain L. L. Tanner. U. S. N., has gone
to Washington to make recommendations
concerning the Government coaling sta
tion at Honolulu.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— David Kline o?
San Francisco is at the Holland. F. W.
Butt of San Francisco is at the Gilsey.
Concert for Teachers' Aid.
A grand concert will be given at Metro
politan Temple on Thursday evening, Oc
tober 27, for the benefit of the Teachers'
Mutual Aid Society. The feature of the
entertainment will be^. reading entitled
"In a Persian Garden," by Liza Lehmann.
On the programme, which contains the
names or many talented artists, are: Mrs.
Florence Wyman Gardner, Boprano soloist
at Simpson Memorial Church; Mrs. Edith
Scott Basford, contralto; Frank Coffin,
tenor soloist at St. Luke's Church, and
Robert Taylor Bien, bass soloist at L't.
Luke's Church. John Warburton will oe
the accompanist, kindly assisted by Mary,
Susan and Dorothy Pasmore. The entire
affair will take place under the direction
of H. B. Pasmore.
De Vries' Farewell Concert.
Maurice de Vries, the well-known
barytone, gave a farewell concert last
night In the Sherman & Clay Hall, prior
to his rejoining Melba In fhe Bast. He
sang groups of French, German, Italian
and English songs and was assisted by
Guilio Minetti, violinist, and Sigrnora V.
Ursumandn, pianist. An interested but
not numerous audience was in attendance.
THE STOCK MARKET
Oceanic Steamship was the strong stock In
local securities yesterday, rising to $61 50. The
sugar stocks were also firm and Hawaiian Com
mercial recovered to $45 50.
Mining stocks were dull as usual and priceg
showed no change worthy of note.
The Mammoth Mining- Company of Utah haa
declared a monthly dividend of 6c per share,
payable October 31.
The Oceanic Steamship Company has declared
a monthly dividend of 50c per share, payable
November 1.
The London. Parle and American Bank paid
the Usual semi-annual dividend at the rate of
6 per cent per annum last month.
The official report from the Standard Con
solidated mine of Bodie for the week ending
October 15 Is as follows: No work In being
done in the mine; only watchmen are employed.
Sundry details of work on the surface are being
done, such as preparing fur winter. At their
power plant on Green Creek the old foundation
for water wheels la being taken out. but work
in discontinued for the present. There are one
watchman and four men repairing leaks on the
pipe line. This work will be finished this week.
At the burned mill rao.»t of the work was done
under the direction of the Insurance appraisers,
clearing away the debris. Tailings plant No. 1
treated 37:'* tons of tailings for the week.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Oct. 21—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
V S Bonds- SF O & E.... 86 86V4
4b quar c0up..111%112 San Fran .... — 314
4s quar reg. ..110%nU4 Htockton Gas.. 13 —
4s quar new...127H125H Insurance —
3s quar coup.los — Kirem's Fund.2oß —
Mlscellane-ou - . Water Stncks-
Cal-st <'ab 55..115%117 ' ontra Costa.. 55 —
Cnl El 6n 125 — Mnrln Co SO —
C C Wat ito."l<»% - Spring Valley. loo%looT4
Dup-st ex c... — 9SVi ! Hunk StocKs—
E I, & P 6»..131 T i — Anglo-Cal .... (S3 SS—
Ift<l Ry 68.114% — Pank of Ca1..245 247
Oenr--8t R 6s. - 100 Cal SD & T.. — 100.
HC & 8 4^8.103 — First Nat ....210 —
LAL, Co Bs.. — 100 Lon P & A.. 130% —
Do gntd 6».. 99 100U Mer Exchange — 18
Market-st 65..128%129 Nev Nat 8....161 —
Do Ist M 5». 1149fc — Savings Banks—
N C NOBr U.lOi — Q«r S t L..W00 15M
N Ry Cal 65.. 113 114 I Hum S & L.lOoO 1160
NRy Cal Ss. .103%- Mutual Say. 35 4o
NPC R R 65. 103 10« |S F Say U.. 495 —
NPC R R 55.100%101 iB & L 50.... — w
N Cal R R 6s. - — Security S B 300 —
Oak Gas 55....108%109u Union T C 0.1025. 1025 —
Om Ry 696 9 126 — Street Railroads—
P& Cl P> 6s.lO6^jlOSH California ....103 —
P & O 6s 112 - Geary ♦* —
Powell-st 65... — 123 Market-st 63% 54
Sac El Rv 58.100 - Presidio »^ —
6 F & N P 55.109 Vi — Powder—
P!»rraßCal fis.lrt^loSH California ....127 147
S Pof Ar Bs.lO7Ti — E Ovnamite... S5 95
5 P Cal 6s in - Giant Con Co. 49H *■'%■
SPC Is eg 55.. - 104 Vigorit — 2 %
6 P Br 6s HSKHSVt Miscellaneous—
S V Water 6s. 118 118% Al Pac As*n.. 102**103
P V Water 45.103H — Ber Ld Wks..l6P —
Btktn Gas 65. .100 — iHana P C 0.... 16U 16H
Gas & Electric— ;H C& S Co.. 4. r .*i, 46%
Cpnt Oaslisrht.los — iHutch S P Co. 62»/4 62H
Cent L & P... 8 — :Hfer Ex Assn. ?»> -
Mutual El Co. — 11 Oceanic S Co. 61 Vi 61»i
Oakland Oat.. 53«4 64 Pac A F A.. IS4 2Vi
Pac Gas Imp.. So — Pac C Bor Co. loo —
Pac L Co 47>/4 454 r. Rr ppintp a int Co. 7 —
Mornlne Set-sir .
35 Alaska Packers' Association 103 00
16 Hana Plantation Co 16 37V4
440 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 45 00
200 do do *5 25
160 Market-street Railway 54 00
$5000 Market-street Ry Con Bonds 6s 114 50
14 Oceanic Steamship Co 60 00
200 do do s 60 60 00
65 do do 61 00
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 00
$500 U S 3s Bonds (coupon) 105 25
Street —
J15.000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 104 00
JSOOO S P of A Bonds 10S 00
JSOOO S P Branch Ry Bonds 115 25
Afternoon Session.
1." Alaska Packers' Association 103 00
220 Hana Plantation Co 18 37V4
50 do do 16 60
625 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 45 50
75 Hutchinson S P Co _.. 62 00
125 do do 62 25
100 S F Gas & Electrlo Co, a 60 86 00
60 Giant Powder Con 49 37^4
60 do do .". 49 25
320 Oceanic Steamship Co 61 60
100 Spring Valley Water 100 75
$100 U S 3s Bonds (coupon) 105 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morninc Session.
10 California Safe Deposit 96 75
30 Spring Valley Water 100 73
20 do do 100 62%
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 6$ 50
40 Market-street Railway 53 87%
26 Giant Powder Con 50 00
Aften.oon Session.
30 Market-street Railway 64 00
40 Hutchinson S P Co 62 00
10 Alaska Packers' Association 103 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Best A Belcher. 151200 Ophir 41
500 Chollar 07 100 43
400 Con Cal & Va... 63 400 Potosl 09
200 Crown Point ... Cl 50 10
400 Gould & Curry.. 15 100 Sierra Nevada... 63
100 Justice 06 500 64
400 Mexican 11 500 Union Con IS
Afternoon Session.
150 Con Cal & Va... 62 100 Potosl 03
300 Ophtr 41 200 Yellow Jacket... 11
Following were the Bales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Mornintr Seislon.
600 Best & Belcher. 15 500 Savage 05
200 Caledonia IS 300 Sierra Nevada... 60
300 Con Cal & Va... 62 200 62
200 Potosl 09 200 68
Afternoon Session.
350 Best & Belcher. 141200 Potosl 09
200 Con Cal & Va... 63 300 Savage 06
600 Justice 06 i 200 Sierra Nevada... 63
430 Mexican 10 1300 Yellow Jacket... 12
300 Ophir 421
... ■ m ■
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mary E. and William F. Feehan and James
T>. Byrnes (trustees) to Margaret E. Feehan,
lot on N line of Fell street, »2:6 E of Frank
lin, E 27:6 by N 120; $5.
Robert and Alice A. Harrison to Grace B.
Brynnt lot on 8 Hoe of Clay street, 281:3 W
of Pierce. W 26 by S 100; JS7&O.
R. C. Chambers and Wells, Fargo & Co. to
Henry E. Monroe, lot on \V line of Devlsa
deru street 30 S of Yallejo, 8 55 by W 100;
$10.
C. E. and Janet Knickerbocker. John G. and
Margaret I). Barker to William Soheh-, lot on
E line of Baker street, 82:6 S of Pagi. S 27:6
by E 96:10^: $8000.
Mary A. and Eugene N. Fritz to Robert P.
Atkins lot on SE corner of Frederick and
Clayton streets, E 2S:tti by S 106; $10.
Samuel F Weeks Jr., Charles K. and Gussle
F. Howe (Weeks) to Elizabeth F. Weeks (Wife
of Samuel F.). lot on E line of Koward street,
35 N of Twenty-first, N" 60 by E 100; $10.
Same and Elizabeth F. Weeks to G. Howard
Thompson, lot on NW corner of Twenty-fifth
Yolo) and Pennsylvania streets, W 200 by N
433; |10.
Michael T DwtfD to SlarKarel Dunn, lot on
N line of Twenty-sixth street, 240 W of Castro,
W M by N 114; gift.
Western Loan Association to Louis Schnei
der lot on W line of Douglass street, 101:1 N
of Elizabeth. N 25 by W 100, lot 101, Herman
Tract; $1700.
Arthur and Martha J. Mercer to Agathe
Wc«ti>hal, lot on N line of Alvarado street. 240
E of Hoffman, E 25 by N 114, lot IS, same; $10.
John R. Spring to May Spring Weil (wife of
Conrad) lot on N line of Sutter street, 305 TV
of Jones. W 24:7S by N 68:S<; gift.
John G. and Maria Patterson to H. O. Ray
nor. lot on N*W line of Folsom street, 225 NE
of Second, NE B by NW M; also lots 3 and 4,
block 79, University Homestead Association,
quitclaim deed; $5.
Elizabeth Schafer to fame, undivided one
sixth of same (two descriptions); $5.
.\.l.,!t>h C, Mary S. and Adella Miller to
Fredertka Folger. lot on NW corner of Mission
and Laskie streets. SW 92:6. NW 75, NE 0:6,
NW M. NE tt, BE 143; gift.
Clara Baum to Alexander and Margaret
Sharp lot on E line of Nebraska street, 125:6 S
of Mariposa, S 137 by E 100: $1300.
Sanio to same, lot commencing 125:6 S of
Mariposa street and 100 E of Nebraska. S 137.
E 40, NW to a point, W 19, quticlatm deed;
$I'O
Ktta H. and George C. Edwards to Albert M.
Whittle lot on NE corner >if Ninth avenue and
O street. N 60>> by E 240: $10.
Samuel F. Weeks to 8 F. Weeks Company
(a corporation) i.>t in NW corner of U street
and Sixteenth avenue, W 10U. N 144:2. SE 100.
S 138"' also lot on E line of Twenty-third ave
nue 195:9 N of P street. N 132:2^:. SE •111:10,
SWlS'' NW 104:2: also lot on E line of Thirty
eighth avenue, 200 N of D street, N 100 by E
240: $10.
Thomas Mclnorney to .Daniel Keefe, lot 4.
Mock 21 West Knd map 1; also lot 44, West
End Homestead Association: $1000.
Same to same, lot on N line of Twelfth ave
nue, 175 E of P street. E 25 by N 100, being lot
41 block 227. Gardenville Homestead; $5.
Mary A. F. and Frank I. Gllfeather, Sarah
and John Jenkins. Frances D. J. and Chaiieß
L. Smith to Joseph F. Dolan, lot on S line of
Randall street, 170 W of Chenery, W 25 by S
US lot IS, block 19. Fairmount; $1200.
Frederick W. Rltchers to Gretchen Ritchers,
all property wherever situated; gift.
Alameda County.
J. Qulnlan vs. P. Roach Pr. (by A. H. Breed,
referee) to George Roeth, lot IS. block 39. lands
Oakland Point Railroad Ferry Landing. Oak
land; $250.
Same to same, lot 14, block 39, same, Oak-
land; $32.'.
Annie Foley to Alfrwi W. Hare, lot on SW
corner of Peralta and Lincoln streets. S 102
by W 230, block 712. Oakland- also lot on N
line of Temescal avenue. 100 W of Maple street,
W 33:4 by N 150, being portion Temescal Park,
Oakland Annex; $6.
Emtl and Amanda Pfanfuchen to Adam Me-
Auley, lots 16 and 17. block 210 S. Alden Tract,
at Temescal, Oakland Annex; $5.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Thomas P. Emigh, the S portion of lot 67 In
Plat 27. Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland
Township; ?321.
Same to Kathrena C. Johnson, the N portion
of lot 67, samp, Oakland Township: $33?.
Frances P. Dalton to Mary A. McKenna, lot
In St. Mary's Cemetery standing of record on
books of said cemetery In name of Thomas
D. McKennn, Oakland Township; grant.
.T. M. and Annie McNamara to Minerva P.
Kellogg, lot on N line of Charming way, 320 W
of Fulton street. W 30 by N 130, block 14, Col
lege Homestead. Berkeley; $600.
B. Kelsey to A. G. and R. T. Stuart, lot 13,
block A, subdivided Heald Twenty-third Ave
nue Tract, Brooklyn Township, quitclaim deed;
$6.
Charles Babb to same, lot 13, block A. same,
Brooklyn Township, quitclaim deed; $5.
Herman Pantoskey to Catherine Egan. lot on
S line of Fourth street, 106 W of Washington,
w 25 by s 100. block 29. Oakland; Jiooo.
Mercedes Valdez (by commissioner) to Union
Savings Bank, lot on W line of Waveriy street,
100:6 N of Twenty-third street. N 150 by « US,
being lots 13, 14 and 15, block 225., \aldez
Tract. Oakland; $4000.
Margaret A. Wells (executrix estate of
Charles B Wells, by commissioner) to same,
lot 15. block I), lands Oakland View Homestead
Association. Oakland; $716.
R F Crist to <"}. F. Crist, lot on S line of
Twelfth strei-t. 100 X of Twenty-second. S 146,
E 23 N 146 to beginning. East Oakland; $10.
J \ Crist to same, lot on S line of Twelfth
street ' 75 E of Twenty-second avenue. W 25.
S 14C, 'e 25, N 146, to beginning, East Oakland;
F W Welplf to same, lot on E line of Twen
ty-second av.nue. 100 S of Twelfth street. 10
r>o S 4<"> W ;.". N 46. to beginning. East Oak
land: $10.
Rudolf Renggenberg to Anne Renggenberg.
lots 22 23 and 24. block M. Knowlas and Potter
subdivision Kennedy Tract, East Oakland;
B Same to Annie Renggenberir, lot on NE line
of East Tenth street. 75 SE of Twenty-seventh
avenue. SK 37:6 by NE 100, block M, same. East
George' W. Austin to Howard J. Hill, lot on N
line of Joy street, 158. 50 E of Telegraph or
Hmnbnlrtt avenue. E 40 by N 100, block U
Roberts and Wulfskill Tract. Oakland Annex;
I*oo.
Frank D. and Frances C. Myers to Julia Ij.
Barracloußh. lot on S corner lands of Barra
etoUfCb. hy deed of February 21. I>;>S. all
ing the E corner lands of Myers: thence x\v
113.32, SW 7.51, SE 77, NE 50, SE Sti.T.O. NF. 4.U7
feet, to beginning 1 , Oakland Township; $1.
A. E. Shaw and Elmhurst Land Company to
Anna H. Tapker. lot 12S. Elmhurst Park No.
2, Brooklyn Township; |575.
A. Steffanonl to Union Savings Bank, lot IS,
block A, Fanny Davenport Tract, BrooklyD
Township; $10. .
William H. Kosters to Marie C. Kosters. lot
29 block B Fruitvale Station Tract. Brooklyn
C. Webb to FVank U. WU
son, lot on N line of Virginia street. l:,0 W of
Leßoy avenue. N 125 by W 40, block 14, same,
B Fr k tt e n e k' : M 1O and R^e H. Wilson to Sadie C
Webb, lot 5. block 17. ?ame. Berkeley; $10 •»
Same to John W. Richards lots 10, 11 and IX?
block 1, and lot 1. block 14, same, Berke-
e Same to James Hewitt, lots 7 and 9, block L
same, Berkeley; $19, , .
Same to Scenic Park Realty Company, lots »
8. 15, 17 to 21. block 1: lots 1. 4 5 20, 23 24
and 25. block 2: lot 17. block 6: lots 7 9. 11. 13.
15 and IS, block 7; lots 3 to 16. 18, 19. 20 22.
block S; lots 1 to 6. 8. 10 to 18 and 20. block 9;
lrts I! 23 to 27, block 10: lots 8, 16. 20. biock
12" lots 6. 8. 10. 12, 14, 36 and 19. block 13: lots
1 7 10, 12, 16, 16 and 18 and E 40 feet of lot 13.
block 14: lots 8. 10. 12 to 16. block 17; lots . «, S.
9, 11. 13. 14. 16 and IS. block IS; lots 11. g, 15. «,
block 20; lot 4. block 21: lots o. 6, 8. b!r>ck 22; ; all
being in Daley's Scenic Park Tract, Berke-
Geor.ee C. Pape et a!, (by commissioner) to
Caroline R. Beals, lots 15 and 16, block 1.
Tract A. Berkeley Land and Town Improvement
Association, Berkeley; $4987.
Felix Marcuse to Gussls L. Crana. lot on E
line of Sherman street. 3431 S of Pacific ave
nue S 33 by E 106.93. Mock 33, property of
Charles L. Fitch. Alameda: $32.'
AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third street*, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 6:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes st; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock. y
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
BIBLE lectures Sunday afternoons at 3
o'clock, at the hall, 25 Tenth St., near Mar-
ket, San Francisco. Addresses on "The Lord a
Coming," illustrated with ' a large chart at
the hall. 418 Eighth St.. near Broadway, Oak-
land, every evening except Monday and bat-
urday, at 7:45. David Little, evangelist.
Come, bring your Bible. ._________-_»
MEETING NOTICES.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2. <^*Utf%j^
I. O. O. F., THIS EVENING. aggSSSja
First degree will be conferred. •*^SR^='
A. K. KINGSFORD. D. M. 'W^
AUSTRIAN Slavonian Republican _>.
Club— Attention! Mass mating will £Sj_tS<
be held at Apollo Hall THIS (SAT- 8S;)-3£_<
URDAY) EVENING, October 22. IS9B. jHsgE;
at 8:30 o'clock. The following speak- *w**
ers will address the meeting: Hon. Julius
Kahn, Hon. C. L. Patton. Hon. D. J. Murphy,
Hon. H. S. Martin, Hon. J. D. Slebe. Full
attendance Is requested. Musio by celebrated
Austrian military band. Public cordially In-
vited. Reserved seats for ladles. Meeting
opens at 8 p. m. By order of
M. EABADIN. President.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulio
process from the Excelsior Mining Company,
in the Excelsior mine, at Lowell Hill, Ne-
vada County, to deposit tailings in the North
Fork of Steep Hollow; from Toy Kee, in th»
Fair Play mine, near Scales, Sierra Qjunty,
to deposit tailings In Fair Play ravine; from .
B. F. Bullard and A. M. Gray, in the Gravel »
Hill or McCutchean placer mine, near Ne- '
vada City. Nevada County, to deposit tall-
ings in Little Deer Creek; and from Elmer*
Rutherford, in the Plumas Bonanza gravel
mine, near Buck's Ranch, Plumas County, to
deposit tailings in Sherman ravine, gives no-
tice that a meeting will be held at room 59.
Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on No-
vember 7. 1898. at 1:30 p. m.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
GRAND reunion picnic of Democrats — A grand
reunion picnic of Democrats will be held un-
der the auspices of the German Democratio
Central Club on SUNDAY. October 23, IS9S.
at Karl Tepper"s park, Fruitvale, Cal. At-
tractions—Music by Henke's Orchestra, which
leaves the ferries at 9 a. m. ; prize shoot-
ing, bowling, dancing, handshaking of Demo-
crats and Republicans, sack race between
Hon. James G. Maguire and Henry T. Gaga
Esq., and skinning alive of candidates accord-
ing to the latest and most approved methods.
Beer at 6 cents a glass. The committee,
FRANK SCHILLING. Chairman.
ROBERT C. WILKE, Secretary.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, calico, muslins, linings,
. aprons, towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at
the Pioneer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., room 6; tel, 6580.
DR. MACLENNAN cures where medical art
fails or no fee; free diagnosis. 100 Halght at.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
FRENCH nursery governess desires situation!
best reference; city or country; or as nurse-.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
NEAT, reliable American widow, elderly, de- _
sires position as housekeeper; good cook an \p-
laundress; likes children; wages from $10 to
$12 per month. 268 Stevenson st., room 7.
YOUNG girl of refinement. American, desires
situation as nursery governess, or will do
waiting and second work; city or country:
references. Call or address 407 Taylor st.
SEWING of any kind by the day or at hornet
babies' wardrobes; children's dresses. M.
KRAMER, 178 Clinton Park, between Thir-
teenth, Fourteenth and Valencia sta.
MIDDLE-AGED woman will assist In nice fam-
ily where she will have good home: small
wages; good references. Address box ISSO. Call.
COLORED woman wishes work by the- day,
week or month. 12 Auburn St.. between Pa-
cific and Jackson, Mason and Taylor.
GERMAN girt wants situation at cooking and
housework. Call or address JOSIE TRET-
ZIAK. 3232 Jackson st.
POSITION to work In small family wanted by
needy, reliable woman; light work; wages $S
to $10. Box 1378, Call office.
COMPETENT laundress. best of references,
desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutter st. .
LADY wishes work by the day. Address «314
Stevenson st. ■
GOOD Swedish laundress wants work. Address
3317 Seventeenth st. near Miss,
COMPETENT cook wishes situation in private-
family- would do general housework In
■Sail family. Call at 227 Hayes st. .
CTRL would like a place to do general house-
G work and ccoklng. 3414 26th, near Mission.
«!WFDISH woman wants washing and lron-
ingbV the day: $1 50. Address 8255 Twenty.
seco^t^earJV«aancla :
RELIABLE girl wishes to do housework; good
plain cook. 7 Franklin si
YOUNG lady of bright disposition, thoroughly
musical and artistic, would like to accompany
aUdy upon her travels in capacity of com-
ganion. Sox 655, Call office. *
MinDLE-AGED German woman would like
situation for general housework: good plain
cook 115 Wlldey St.. off Flllmore. :r. Bush.
TOTING woman wants work In American fam-
ily- stood cook and laundress and care of chil-
dren Call at 308 Fulton St.. near Franklin.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 138 Lexlng-
ton st. ■ _____ __
FIRST-CLASS city trimmer wishes position
three days each week. Box 1094, Call office.
COMPETENT American woman wishes a sit-
uation to do general housework: a good cook;
wace3 moderate. Address ANNE, box 10S6.
Call .
HOME wanted for a young girl, 13. able to
assist In housework, with privilege of attend-
ing school. Full particulars inquire 1030 Clay.
POSITION in country hotel as housekeeper or
will do chamber work. Address L. E. S.. 2157
Fifteenth st. __^
GENTLEMEN'S mending neatly done. Call at
1161 Market st., room 58. -
COMPETENT colored woman wishes a place
for housework and cooking. Please call 161$
Polk st. ' ■ •• ■ -v : --.,-
ENGLISH • widow wishes to clean and repair
men's clothes; small charges; best reference*.
Address Q. C. 1226 Stockton st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. .
situations wanted— male.
JAPANESE-cuinksi:: Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. SO Geary;. tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE -and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414^ OFarrell st.; tel. East 426.
FAITHFUL, sober man, who thoroughly un-
derstands horses. V carriages and driving,
wants position in private family; can care for
jrarden or cows; references. Address O. H.
P., 822 Mission st.
WANTED— Employment by practical gardener;^ j
gentleman place or nursery; competent in
all branches; now arrival; with" good refer-
ences; single; age 38. Reliable, 119^ East
First St., Los Angeles. _
BRIGHT boy, 16 years, speaks and writes I
German and English, wishes position in •
hardware or wholesale store or office; knowsV
city thoroughly. C. a F.ENNER, Fruit- f
vale station. .
BARTENDER, first-clans, wishes position; best .
I;, of. references, : Box ■ 137». " Call office. ;■ .
JnSJßMsAMfcfiSKanr-.v. - .-..•■'-SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
ENOIXEER-s Young German, competent and
steady, wishes position as engineer, assistant
or in boiler room; wages moderate. Box 762,
Call office.
VALET, Swede, 28, used to traveling , compe-
tent In giving massage; best of references.
Box 1379, Call office. "
BOOKKEEPER, 32. desires position on ranch
or country, experienced; highest reference.
80. 1381. Call office.
THOROUGH orchardist and nurseryman wants
work, pruning, etc. Box 1391. Call office.-
ENGINEER or fireman, young. competent
man. understands pipe-fitting;, repairing, etc..
wißhes position. Box 1092. Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener, understands milk-
ins. German descent, desires a position; first-
class references. _.. box 11, Call, Oakland.
CHINESE cook wants a situation in boarding-
house or family; city or country. Call 902
Clay st. room 6. CHONG WING.
POSITION as foreman un ranch by responsible
man, 34 years old; for past 5 years has been
foreman on large stock anil ?rraiii ranch; Al
references as to ability, integrity, etc. Ad-
dress bex 10S5. Call.
COOK and wife wish situations in hotel. In-
stitution or boarding house; competent and
reliable. Call or address BOS Montgomery St.,
room 21.
YOUNG man desires a position as watchman
or porter; thoroughly sober; best of reference
and security given. Box 1313. Call office.
COACHMAN or genera] man wants situation;
understands the care of horses, harness, car-
riages, etc.; good gardener: single; best ref-
erences. Call at stable. 1217 California st.
"WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 2:.c to $1 60 night; $1 BO to $0
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and bam:-: to and from ferry.
-. HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
HOUSEWORK girl. Auburn, $20; Collinsville,
$20. MISS L.EN, 325 Sutter st. •
MAID and seamstress, $25. MISS CULLEN,
S£S Gutter sr
REFINED German nurse, $20: grown children.
MISSSCTJLLEN, .- Sutler st.
RANCH cook. $20; fare paid. MIES CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. ._
MIDDLE-AGED Scandinavian woman as work-
ing housekeeper. $25. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. _
NURSE girl, country, $10; 1 child. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child. $12. MISS CULLEN.
325 Suiter st.
CH \MBERWORK and waiting, Dixon, $15;
sleep home. MISS CULLEN, 325 Butter st.
2 NEAT second girls. $15 and $20; maid and
seamstress. $25; 12 housework girls, city and
country. $20 and $2C: 6 young girls, assist, *iv
to $15. MISS CULLEN. 353 Sutter st.
GIRL to wait on door, sleep home, $12 per
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
i WAITRESSES, first-class commercial howse,
j-yi «hort distance in country; 2 waitresses,
country, $25: 2 waitresses, city, $20; waitress.
city $18; cook, boarding house. $30; cook,
small delicacy store. $20; 3 restaurant wait-
resses, $5. C R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
GERMAN house girl, $25: French cook for
small family, $33; German house girl. $2-);
house girl for family living on ranch, $25,
see party here; and a number of girls at $12,
$15. $20;' respectable middle-aged woman to
go to Portland as companion and house-
keeper to a lady. $10. permanent home and
fare raid, see party here 10 a. m. C. H.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK, small wash, a short distance, $25. see ,
lady here; 3 second girls and sewing, $20 and
$25; girl for housework, Stanislaus County,
$2o - & waitresses and chambermaids, hotels
and restaurants. $20. $26 and 56 week; res-
taurant cook. $25: and a large number of
girls for housework. J. F. CROSETT _ CO.,
316 Sutter st.
LE-AQED Scandinavian woman to cook
fcr 2 men. i- country; Swedish housekeeper.
Sacramento. $20; •• second girl, $20; nureegirl.
$25; cook, $2".; a number of young girls, $20
and $15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
COMPETENT woman for cooking and house-
work; atan preferred; good wages: refer-
ence? CaW 1631 Sherman St., Bay station,
Alameda.
WANTED— Lady private secretary and cash-
ier In professional office; small capital re-
quired. Room 21. 12 Telegraph aye., Oakland.
WANTED— Operators on flannel overshlrts; a
few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. S6Vi Fremont st.
WANTED— Competent girl for general house-
work; German family of 3. Call 2197 Devis-
adero st . near Cla>\ _^
WANTED Colored woman cook; must be first-
class ami Crean ZXt J'ost -1 -. room 4. j
WOMAN or Rirl for light use work; must be
able to cook. Apply M Castro st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; ratterr in, 23c up. McDowell's, 102 Post. ;
NURSEGIRL, not over 17: wages $«. Call be-
tween 9 and 12 a. m. at 81D% Gt;ary st.
RELIABLE German girl for children and light
upstairs work. 524 Grove St., near FUlmore.
WANTED— immediately; also dish-
washer. 122-4 Turk St.
LEARN eewir,g at KEISTER'S: good positions;
patterns, 10c up. US McAllister st.
AN apprentice wanted; paid while learning.
229 Devlsadero st.
GIRL for light upstairs work in American
family of 3. $20. 631 Larkin st.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on ladies' skirts, waists,
etc. Apply at H. FRIEDLANDER'S. 338
Fell st.
APPRENTICE girl wanted for hair work at
G. LEDERER'3, 123 (new number) Stockton.
' WANTED— Experienced fur machine operators, j
Apply H. LIEBES & CO., 137 Post St.
APPRENTICE to dressmaking; must sew neat-
ly. MANSFIELD, 140814 Polk st. I
NEAT young girl for general housework to
a couple; one who sleeps at home preferred.
Apply from 8 to 12 a. m.. upper flat, 2026
Stelner st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for housework; small
family: country: ief.°. 2107 Pine St.. a. m. ;
HELP WANTED— MALE.
M^U^RXY^&^R^A^TYTrrrMlfß^rA^^^R^A^Y
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY
125 more men for Arizona; 150 railroad labor-
ers, mountain road. $1 75 day; 200 railroad
teamsters, same road
21 farm hands, chorernen, etc, $15 to $25 and
found; 10 laborers, manufacturing company,
$20 and found
25 teamsters $1 75 day and $26 and found
Blacksmith helper $25 and found
5 milkers $3<V $25 and $20 and found
Laborer, help dig well, near city. $1 75: wood-
choppers, tiemakers, men to make posts, also
sawyer und packer for shingle mill. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
2 CARPENTERS, near city, $2 25 day; Ger-
man gardener. $20 and found. MURRAY _
READY, 634 and 636 Clay fit.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant waiter, city, $40 and
board: bartender, country hotel, young man.
J3'j and found; ranch cook. $35 and found: j
waiters, different hotels and restaurants, $30
and $25 ami found; hotel cooks, dishwashers,
etc. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
FIVE 2-horse teamsters. $25 and board
Laborers and teamsters for the mountain
railroad. ship to-night
10 4-horße teamsters, fare 50c
10 quarrymen, steady work. $2 a day
4 coal miners, $1 a ton, fiat vein, boss here..
C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
SECOND cook, $55; cook, coffee house, $9 a
week; waiter for a mine, 525: kitchen hands.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary st.
MILKER, $25: 5 woodchoppers. $1 50 a cord;
6 men to pick weeds, $1 a day: 5 laborers for
a quarry. $1 75 a day. C. R. HANSEN & CO.
104 Geary st. - ; : />;
BARBER, country shop. Particulars at C. B
HANSEN & CO.'S, 104 G^ary st.
CHIROPODIST. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104
Geary at.
WANTED— Machinist for country; dairyman,
$20; men to pull weeds, $1 day; 3 men to clear
land, $25 acre; woodsmen, $1 50 day and
board; 3 «itiarrymen, $30 and board; 40 la-
borers. $1 75 day, and othtfrs. , ply to J _•
CROBETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED- 1 waiters for country, $25 and $80-
restaurant waiter, $40: oysterman, $35; cook,'
small restaurant, $7 Week; partner, country'
hotel, $15: dishwashers and others. Annlv i e , '
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento stf
WANTED ..7.....T.7
Catholic to act as nur*e for institution near
city, $20 per month, board, lodging and wash-
Ing.
Stableman for country livery stable, $25-
farmer, $23; cooks, waiters and butcher for
restaurant In city, $40. -*.--■
W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st.
WANTED- cook for club $50; washer for
. laundry. $35; shirt ironer. $30: vegetable man
$15; dishwasher, $25: waiter, $30; omnibus $25 '•
. butler. $40; 5 men to cut erase, $1 a day'
ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st. *
MAN and wife for a small ranch; $40. Apply
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 71514
l>avls at. ', -
GOOD barber wanted at 791 Mission st. .
BARBER wanteO,for Saturday. 602 Clay st.
PAPER-HANGERS for ingrain. __ Market j
- at. F. W. GOETZE. ■"....
COAT, pants" vest makers for country. Apply j
BEISS BROTHERS, 24 Sutter st. " ' |
HELP WANTED— Continued.
MAN accustomed to pipe-cutting machines.
Address box 1393. Call office.
TWO young men interested in shorthand to dls-
I tribute circulars. Rm. 2i*. Mercantile Library.
OLD man as cook in boarding house. 322
Main st. '
TWO house Dainters wanted; 8 a. m. 1403
Guerrero st., near twenty-sixth.
WANTED— A second mate for an English ship
1 at HERMANN'S, 26 Steuart st.
250 PAIRS men's second-hand shoes, 25c to $1.
562 Mission st., bet. First and Second sts.
BOY of 20 to work in a saloon; $12. board, lodg-
ing; best of reference. Box 1100, Call.
SHOES repaired while you wait; half price.
- 562 Mission St., bet. First and Second sts.
WANTED — 2"good coat makers on military
work at 2820 Greenwich st., near Presidio.
ACTIVE solicitors everywhere for "The Story
of the Philippines," by Murat Halstead. the
Government Official Historian to the War
Department. ' All about Philippines. Dewey
the man _ Dewey the hero, with an official
history of war with Spain. Brimful original
pictures by Government photographers. Large
book; low price*; big profits. Agents mak-
ing $50 to $300 weekly: freight paid. Drop
all trashy, unofficial war books. Outfits free.
Credit given. Address F. T. BARBER. Sec-
retary. 356 Dearborn St.. Chicago.
I RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and ;
30 years, who are citizens of the United ;
[ States, or those who have legally declared
their intention to become such; must be of
I good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height. For further
Information apply at the recruiting office, 20
Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764% Mission
st. men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that- Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 1.-0 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— 2O laborers at Bay and Leavenworth
sts., city.'
COAL miners wanted by the TESLA COAL
CO., room 515, 328 Montgomery st.
MEN to learn barber trade: easy terms; or
trade guaranteed, $15. 1542 Market st.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
solelng. 33c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employment Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, 1384 Eighth St.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st. 1
BAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 604 Davis St.. near Jackson.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis St.
J TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
■ SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Ste_art. I
j SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c night: reading room: free
buß and baggage to and from the ferry.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing
AGENTS WANTED.
FIRST-CLASS agents, ladles or gents; excel- I
lent proposition. Room 9. 14 McAllister st.
AGENTS, male or female, fn every city and
town In the United States to sell the only re-
liable Marquis Hair Tonic. Address 1505
Market St.. bet. Eleventh and Twelfth.
' SOLICITORS, ladles or gentlemen; salary or
i commission. Call 9 to 4. 103 New Western
Hotel. !
LIVE, energetic agents to handle a good spe- j
cialty: just In. Greater West Advertising &
Novelty Company. 1155 Vi Washington at.. Oak- '■
land. !
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— First-class sign and carriage paint-
er as partner for the best opening on this
coast: must have some money. Address or
1 rail at 2:23 Phatturk aye.. Berkeley. :
WA NTE D— M I S C ELLANEO Ufj_
WANTED— Second-hand Victoria chaise to buy
or in exchange for coupe. Box 1081, Call.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus; second-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
■ = .
CLAIRVOYANTS^ j
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance ;
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she !
will reveal every hidden mystery In life: she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec- j
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost, 1
stolen or buried property: locates treasures, j
minerals: tells your entire life while In a per-
fect trance; perfect satisfaction guaranteed
by mall. Send stamp for circular with spe-
cial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms „
and 26, 1206 Market St.. opp. Sixth.
MISS DWYER. the distinguished clairvoyant
medium, graduated under the highest profes- 1
sors of occultism; all wishing to know their j
future consult her Immediately; poor people j
half fee; by mail, $1; diagnoses all diseases. :
426 Post st.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant * cardr.
born with double veil _ second sight: diag- !
nosis disease with full life reading; la. 50c;
gents if: palm * clalr ; sit $1 50. 12« Turk.
MME. REAL, card reader; tells present and
future. S3SA Howard at.
M.ME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 14S Sixth st., room 10. |
MME. MOREAU, the bast medium and card !
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently: business I
advice; names given; 26c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME BYBILLE, cradle to grave; futura hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell at.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an of flea, at 315 O'Farrell at.
M'IRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant; treats pri-
vate ana chronic diseases, no matter from |
what cause or how long standing, with re-
vealed remedies; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st. j
MAUD FOSTER, medium and astrologlst; clr-
cles Tuesday and Thursday at 8 p. m. has
removed from 34 to 28 Sixth St.. room 3. j
MRS. ELLIS; testa to all; Tues.-Frl.. I p. m. ;
Men., 8. 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia St.
M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dlum. 118 Halght rt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches:
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since ISS2; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market at. ; Indi-
vidual Instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping. tUegraphy. penmanship. English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, $60; low rates
per week and month.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3841 Twenty-
fourth St., near Sanchez.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry.Ph.B. Fel-
low in Mathematics, U. C, 7407 S. Atherton.
nr.Channlng way, Berkeley; writ* for circular. '
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mm- !
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day& eve.; I
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market, j
ZITHER lessons given by MAX maier, . 526
Turk st., between Larkln and Polk.
MME. ANNIS MONTAGUE TURNER, vocal
Instructional correct, natural method. 93o Bush.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrs. experience. Press Club bldg.. 123 Ellis.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. 672 Parrot! bldg.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shnk»sp™ r e |
classes: prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Mush.
CYCLES.
SECOND-HAND bicycles, from $9up: new girls'
wheels. $18: new 101 high grade $100 bicycle
for 129; new tire*, $2: new pedals, $! 25 a pair; '
repairing. JOSEPH HOLLE. 20th and Folsorn. j
ALUMINUM high grade '98 wheel; gear case;
dust proof; almost new; $40; coat $75. 1901
Louisa at.. Berkeley. .
WANTED in exchange for dentistry, bicycle,
or what have you for exchange? Box BSS. Call.
• — _—-_——-—-————————————-—-—-—--—-——>—
~ WRITERS. j
ALL tpewrlters sold and rented; few partly j
used for sale cheap; send for sample* and
Prices. ALEXANDER & CO., UP Montgomery. ,
A HAMMOND, $25; Callgraph, $15; Yost, $2',;
i-! sample work. SCOTT, 383 Montgomery st.
______——-——• y*;^
DR. MACQUEEN'S Family Consulting Rooms.
Advice and medicine, $1 50; open 9:30 to 6. 997
Market, cor. 6th, opp. Welnstock & Lubln |
DR. C C. O'DONNELL. office and residence.
1206 Market: diseases of women a specialty.
"' ... .■ .. STJORAGK^^^^ .
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
offU- T— ah and Market; telephone South lit- 1
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, SAT UK DAT, OCTOBER 22, 1698.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
BALOON and 13 furnished rooms; cen-
tral; prominent corner; clears $300 monthly;
best known place In city. KREDO & CO.,
-- . Geary st. - ■ ... - - . ' : ' -
A— PARTNER: light mfg business; salary
$100; must be business man. KREDO & CO.,
2214 Geary st.
A— FINE corner grocery and bar at Mission :
$350 will take It this week only; $10 to $15
dally. KREDO & CO.. 22Vs Geary st. ;>,-
$225 IF sold at once; saloon close to Market St.,
near Baldwin Hotel; fixtures up-to-date; a
first-class place; owner compelled to sell; this
place has a splendid future; call early.
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
$500— CORNER grocery and bar in the Mission;
fine location; cash register: 2 living rooms;
rent $15. JONES & SEARLL. 865 Market st.
CIGAR and variety store; good business;
3 furnished rooms; great bargain; owner go-
ing to Europe. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$150— BRANCH bakery, confectionery, station-
ery, cigars and notions; 3 living rooms; deliv-
ery wagon If wanted; best bargain ever of-
fered. Call 1004 Polk St.; no agents; rent $15.
NEAT 15c 2-chair barber shop; a good-paying
stand; building and shop to rent for $30 a
month. Barber, Wallock building, Vlsalla.
FLOWER store for sale at once; good reasons
for selling. Call between 11 and 11:30 at 1117
Polk st.
COOPER shop, horse and wagon. 310 Fremont
st., S. F. Inquire 829 Broadway, Oakland.
SHOEMAKING business for sale. 638 Market
St.. In basement. ' :'■ • - "
AT a Sacrifice— One of the best located res-
taurants in Oakland; has been run by the
present owners for nine years; clears $250 per
month; first-class trade; owners retiring on
account of other business. in S. F. For par-
ticulars M. L. WURTB. 17th and Bdwy, Okld.
$150— IF sold within next four days, saloon on
principal business street; stock and fixtures
worth more than double the price asked,
owner must leave city. Box 1093. Call office.
GOOD butcher business at a low flguro; excel-
lent location; a good tenant wanted; first-
class inducements to right man. Apply to 1
A. R. D. Jr., 1457 W r ebster St., Alameda.
$250— PARTNER: man or lady cashier; will
clear $100 month and board. 605 Clay st.
FOR SALE— Restaurant ; no night or Sunday
work. Apply at 6 LeldesdorJl St.
COAL yard for sale; splendid location. Address
box 777, Call office. <
WANTED — To lease or purchase a good paying
paper route. Box 109S, Call office.
$50 BUYS a good 15c barber shop in the coun-
try this month. H. BENNER. Colusa.
FOR Sale— Old established cigar and tobacco
cash route, with fine rig: big bargain; part
cash If desired. 124 Oak st. : : i;..
HOME bakery; must be sold this week: sick-
ness the cause; good location and . paying
business. Address box 1084, Call.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest price*. 107-109
Beale st. J-'-.
$150— COFFEE and restaurant; not far from
city. For particulars Inquire at Call office.
A bargain If sold at once. -
WELL-PAYING dyeing and cleaning establish-
ment; cheap account of departure. 148 Third.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A^3cß^DO^t^o7]Tr?7!7rrr!Trr.....22H Geary st.
Money Advanced on all Houses.
105 rooms; best In city $4000
23 rooms; Fifth St.; clears $70 600
16 rooms; Second st.; rent only $30 460
18 rooms; boarding: no rent 1000
18 rooms; Van Ness; elegant 1500
12 rooms; Market; clears $50 600
11 rooms; new and elegant; O'Farrell... 750
10 rooms; Powell: a snap at 500 1
A— s27s; 16 ROOMS, newly furnished; $125 cash,
balance $20 per month; a give away; this
week only. KREDO ft CO.. Geary st.
A— ssoo; 10 ROOMS; corner bay-window; cosiest
little transient house: near theaters; $350 cash,
balance time. KREDO & CO.. 22H Geary at.
20 ROOMS; comer; part cash $1000
22 rooms; north of Market; bargain SSU
24 rooms; near Baldwin; part cash 1050
28 rooms: Post St.: new carpets ISOO
85 rooms; near plaza 1750
47 rooms; rent $75.; 2 corners 1650
67 rooms; cheap rent; clears $150 1400
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market at.
RELIABLE BROKERS.
MONEY TO LOAN AT 2? 3 PER CENT.
JUST completed lodging house of 37 rooms; all
sunny and on one floor; southeast corner of
Sixth and .Shipley sts.
12 DOUBLE and sinele hardwood beds, springs
and mattresses: clean; $0 each. Box SB6. Call.
$200— BOARDING-HOUSE of 10 rooms. 528
Pine st. __^ ■
$1450— LODGING-HOUSE. 30 rooms, on Second
st. Call at 81 Natoma St.; no agents.
TO Let— Furnished lodging house, 70 rooms, j
with privilege of buying; central. Box 556,
Call Office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method: ">rlces are the
same as if purchased for all cash: bargains '
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy I
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 an-1
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Btelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter j
Fts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. j
HARDMAN — Another carload opened
up Monday morning: see the beautiful Instru-
ments; none better In the world; their dura-
bility Is phenomenal: perfectly new: one case
damaged In shipping at a snap bargain for i
cash; an organ, $20. THE J. DEWING CO., \
second floor Flood building.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house I
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S, i
26. 2' ; and 30 O'Farrell ft. ; pianos, organs ami 1
all ether musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, sole agents for Chlck-
erlng. Steck. Vof>e and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell at.
DECKER * SON pianos take the lead, as they
are best In quality, tone and finish; prices are
low MAUVAIB, 769 Market st. .
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby. Evans,
Briggs an- other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post st.
WANTED— To buy a plnno: will rent sunny
furnished rooms a* payment. Box 884. Call.
HAINES' Bros, and other first-class piano* at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
$60— UPRIGHT piano; good tune; for sale on
$5 installments. 1115 Post at.
$90— Elegant Emerson piano; bargain. Schmits.
16 McAllister St.. next Hlbernia Bank.
AN elegant Stein way. upright for $250 cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S. 1021 an Ness aye.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNQ. 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new 1 .yies. KOH-
LER \ _ CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Lwtham place.
FOR SALE—MISCELLANEOUS.
FINE W W. Greener 10-bore shotgun for $30;
cost originally $100. At UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant aye. _•
FINE 16-bore Damascus breech loading shot-
gun for $35; made by Henry Skinner, Eng-
land's famous private maker. UNCLE HAR-
RIS, 15 Grant aye. •
WHITNEY hammerless 10-bore Damascus
shotgun for $35; worth $73. At UNCLE HAR-
RIS. 15 Grant aye. '
MALTESE kittens $1 each; also baby buggy.
617 Turk st.
HALF-HORSS gas engine; dynamo; cheap.
I BK McAllister et. -
SECOND-HAND lumber, all kinds; also bid*
being torn down Townsend and 2d; lumber
cheap: firewood. J. B. FRENCH. Valencia
and Fifteenth . st.
Engine boiler, pumps, pulleys, shafting, laundry
mchy. dynamos, 2d hand. White, 516 Mission
LARGE fire and burglar proof safe for sale
cheap at 42 Main st. '
BELL or rent, combination billiard and pool
table, piano; reasonable. Box 506, Call office.
BOILERS, engines, ; 2d-hand machinery. He-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st., above
Sixth. • ......_
SAFES— New and second hand: cheaper than
ever. Herman Safe Manic. , 533 Sacramento.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20: records, $5 per dozen?
projectoscope. $100. Bacigalupl. 938-952 Market.
J. R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second hand; all
sizes: half "original cost. 109-111 Market. 3. F.
_________________________
SB WIN U*I»ACHTIV_ SL
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1916 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, gold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; 'phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, ■ exchanged, rented:
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
'.^■. : FURNITURE WASTED. , ;. ■ '■ '
CASH for fixtures, i groceries, < furniture, mer-
c handise; sold .on commission ; reasonable. -E.
COHN, auctioneer, 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
PERSONALS.
MAGNETISM Ts the Mfe~of~the physical; It
cures sleeplessness, melancholia or any dis-
ease that Is curable; instructions given con-
cerning the causation of malformation, birth-
, marks and their prevention; the power of
thought and its effects: philosophy of life or
how to live; no medicine, no batteries used,
no rubbing; can heal from a distance. J. w.
BROWN, magnetic healer, 1362 Grove st.,
Oakland. v
GEO. MAYERLE, expert optician. German Op- j
tical Institute, 1071& Market, near Seventh.
MRS DR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement;
treatment. $2 50. 852 Castro, cor. 7th.. Oakld.
LEDERER always dresses your hair correctly:
25c only; hair restored to its natural color,
$1 50 up; good switches. $1; finest. $3 50; extra,
$5; open Sunday 9 to 12. 11l Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester i
House, 44 Third St., near Market; 200 rooms. ■
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and fram the ferry.
LEDERER'S Quinonia is the tonic that will
prevent the hair falling out; 36c bottle. G.
LEDERER. 111 Stockton st.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda,
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and »th.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSMAKING. . ladles' tailoring taught; S.
F. Dress Cutting School; tailor suits; ball cos-
tumes, house gowns, negligees, riding habits,
coats, capes, cycling suits; men and women
teachers employed. 916 Mkt.. opp. Emporium.
23S TAYLOR— MRS. GRAY, dressmaking; la-
dles' suits reasonable: dresses made over;
satisfaction guaranteed.
HOUSES TO LET.
BRODERICK, 1515. near Sutter— sunny
rooms; bath; basement; laundry; large yard,
water. :
HOWARD, 574— rooms, bath; all newly pa-
pered : rent very low. Apply BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
OLIVE aye., 113, near corner of Polk and
Ellis; $25; 7 rooms and bath. i
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont- !
gomery st. _^^^ :
HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED— house. 14 to 18 rooms;
cheap for cash. Address box 1390, Call office.
WANTED — 5 or 6 room cottage: must be cheap
for cash. Box 1419, Call office.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
ONE of the finest residences in the city to let;
magnificently furnished; has every modern
. convenience. including passenger elevator;
contains over 25 rooms; location unsurpassed.
For full particulars apply A. J. RICH & CO.,
Real Estate Agents. 112 Montgomery st
COTTAGES TO LET.
' bath7^!ceTard-~cottage ;
At SPECK & CO.'S. 602 Market st.
2 COTTAGES, 5 rooms, sunny side; rent $11.
Apply 2100 Greenwich St., corner Webster.
FOLS.OM. 2326— Cottage 7 large rooms and bath;
large yard: rent $20.
$6— SUNNY cottage, 5 rooms; 21 Roscoe st., off
Crescent aye. Apply at 64 Silver, off Third.
$15— 6-ROOM cottage; bath; basement and
yard. 2417 Clay »t.
FLATS TO LET.
NICE flats, 3 and 4 rooms, near Odd Fel-
lows' Hall. $10. At SPECK & CO. 602
Market at.
i A— FOUR rooms, nice clean flat, near Mason
and Ellis sts., $15. At SPECK _ CO.'S, 602
Market St. .
BRYANT, 915— Nice sunny flat of 4 rooms;
large yard; rent $12.
CLAYTON, 872. south of Frederick— Sunny
modern flat of 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FLAT of 3 sunny rooms, party furnished; $9.
:-v'i Bernard St.. off Taylor.
FOLSOM. 937— Upper flat 5 rooms: $12; key sec-
ond floor. Inquire at 921 Howard St.
GEARY. 918— Flat. 6 sunny rooms; water free;
rent $14.
HAVES, 339— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and ads taken.
LEAVEN WORTH. 1619— Upper flat of 5 rooms;
modern Improvements; rent' $16.
LOVELY lower flat; 6 rooms, bath, yard; rea-
sonaUe. 3070 Seventeenth st. ■- • '
STEVENSON, 427, bet. Fifth and Sixth— slo;
first Boor; key upstairs. " .
SUNNY modern bay-window flat: 6 rooms and
bath: rent $18. 2158 Mission, north ■■: 18th.
SUNNY upper flat, 7 rooms; newly painted and
papered. 1150 Mission St., near Seventh; $15.
SUNNY lower flat, 4 rooms; good condition.
112 Perry St., near Third; $10.
BUNNY bay-window flat. 7 rooms, bath; cot-
tage of 5 rooms cheap. Cor. Dolores and loth.
TO Let— email flats of 5 rooms. Apply 542 |
Halght St.
TURK. 1506-1509, near Steiner— Nice fiats; C and
6 rooms and bath; $18 and $15. v-. \.t : '.".■;
UPPER corner flat 6 rooms and bath; cellar;
sunny yard. SW. corner of Filbert and Du-
pont sts. ; $17.
WANTED— SO tenants for flats, cottages, etc.:
4 rooms on Van Ness aye., $25; also 10 new
flats. $25. At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S. 602 Mrkt.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont- |
gomery st. • ii- ■"--■. .. ,'r
BHIPUBT, 257, near Sixth— Flat of 5 rooms j
and bath.
$10— LOWER flat, near Mission and Third sts.
» Apply 15 Grant aye.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. v
SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 in
kitchen and 1 in bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new; 3 per week, $11 per month;
suitable for 4 or 5 persons. Apply at sho«
store, 562 Mission St., bet. First and Second sts.
AT Polk, 622 — Newly furnished and unfurnished
rooms for houßekpg: neat, clean, quiet house.
BUCHANAN, 602, corner Fell— Sunny bay-win-
dow suites; gas or wood; $12 to $15. U j'/_
CLEMENTINA, 707. comer Eighth— Two front
housekeeping rooms; $10.
EDDY, — One large sunny room for house-
keeping and others; cheap.
EDDY, 62S — elegantly furnished sunny hkpt;.
rooms; parlor floor: modern; private; ref.
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkln— Sunny alcove; gits
stove; other rooms; $12 up.
FIFTH. 348— Two housekeeping rooms; fur-
nished.
FIRST, 28—2 unfurnished rooms suitable for
housekeeping; rent $6 per month.
GEARY, Elegant sunny back parlor;
suites, double, single; privilege light house-
keeping; reasonable.
GEARY, 1917— 520; 4 comfortable rooms; bath;
2 beds; 2 stoves; gas and coal; all neces-
saries. .
GOLDEN GATE, 1060—2 sunny well furnished
rooms for light housekeeping; gaa stove, bath
and free telephone.
HOWARD, 1068— Newly furnished sunny rooms,
single or en suite; also rooms for hskplng.
JESSIE, ■ 333 — Large sunny furnished house-
keeping room; running water; $8.
JESSIE, 166, near Fifth— 2 furnished rooms for
light housekeeping; private; no children.
LAGUNA, 1206—2 sunny unfurnished rooms and
bath, $7. ■_
MCALLISTER, Furnished front room with
kitchen; also* bath. .
MISSION, — Nice front room and small
kitchen, furnished for hkpg. ; bath; $12 50 mo.
NINTH, 20, near Market— bay-window
suite; gas; water; $12; single.
NOE, 161— 2 pleasant front rooms, modern;
first floor; kitchen, linoleum: coal range; $10.
OAK, 119—2 nicely furnished heavy housekeep-
ing rooms; separate entrance; $10.
PROSPECT pi.. 123, off Cal., bet. Powell and
Stockton— Room A kitchen, complete. $7; prl.
TAYLOR, 23S— Newly furnished sunny rooms;;
bath, yard; light housekeeping; goo.d location.
THE Piedmont. 119 A Sixth St.— 2 or 3 ; rooms,
furnished for housekeeping: also other room*.
THIRD, 308 — 2 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; bath; hot and cold water; rent $!).
THIRD, 340—2 rooms complete for housekeep-
ing; rent $7. ■ '
TWELFTH, 12. near Market— 2 or 3 unfur-
nished ■ room? for housekeeping.' ;
-• /■■ ROOMS TO LET.
AT 62 . SECOND— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; wk, $1 to $2 60; day 25c to 50c.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
•; in every respect; terms reasonable. > , -•
BALBOA. The. 1409 A ' Market— hand*;
. renovated; rooms BOc. ' suites $1 per day; less
per week;. country trade solicited; elev'tr; tel.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post St., 3 blocks Palace Hotel-
All conveniences; reasonable; sunny corner
;:; rooms; tourist*; elevator; board If desired. ,
CLEMENTINA. 285, near I Fourth— Nicely I fur-
. 3 nished I front room suitable ? for gentleman. '.
■H.;;& ■"■:■■■■: ' .':■■: • ' M - '-■
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— or un-
furnished single and double ran.; $8. «_» mo.
EDDY, 118— Nice sunny rooms; cheap and good;
also for housekeeping.
ELLIS, 640— Nicely furnished front parlor; gas;
bath; grate; also single room, $6.
FOLSOM, 2848— 3 or 4 rooms, with gas stove,
cheap;' without children.
GEARY, 402— Just opened; carpets and furni-
ture new; sunny front furnished and unfur-
nished rooms; reasonable; offices first floor.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, 622— Newly furnished sunny bay-win-
dow room; hot and cold water.
GEARY, Large sunny front room for 1 or
2 gents; new house; bath, gas.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., Nice large furnished
room; 1 or 2 gents; $7;. private family.
HAVES. 371— Front bay-window room; bath,
gas; $7. - __
HOWARD, 953H— Newly furnished sunny rooms,
$1 60 week up; quiet house. MRS. NOWLIN.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
tingle; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HASKELL. The 121 Powell St.— Cheap neat
light sunny rooms; transients; gents preferd.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and. Taylor— Elegant
suites and slgle rms; transient. Mrs. J. King.
LITTLE PALACE, 23 and 25 Third St.— Snow-
white rooms, white gaslights, $2 to $4 week.
MARKET, 1007>£— Changed hands; suites or sin-
gle; reas. MRS. KITTY DOWNING. Prop.
NATOMA, 714, bet. Bth and Sunny fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen, $5 and $6 month.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 427— Sunny furnished single
rooms, $10 up; private houee. Mrs. J. King.
POST, 909— Newly furnished single and double
rooms; sunny; gas; bath; quiet neighborhood.
POWELL. 147—211 O'Farrell— Furnished rooms;
suite or single; also transient; rent cheap.
POWELL, 317 (former Cosmos Elegantly
furnished rooms; reasonable.
SEVENTH, 192, near Howard (Girard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth ■*..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 244— Newly furnished house; single or
en suite; also 3 elegant housekeeping rooms.
SIXTEENTH, 2910— Nice rooms with use of
kitchen; cheap.
STEVENSON, 620— Sunny front rooms; single
or double; light housekeeping.
SUTTER, 1121, near Polk— front rooms, large
and small, for gentlemen; bath Included: rea-
sonable; private family.
TREMONT House. 1773 Market st, opp. Gough—
House newly furnished; single rooms or suits;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
TURK. 305— Furnished hall bedroom. $6: also
front parlor, furnished or unfurnished, to suit.
WILLOW aye.. 20, off Larkln, between Eddy
and Ellis— front room with or with-
out board.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ABBOTSFORD, The—
Broadway and Polk sts Quiet, homelike; terms
moderate: board optional; all cars direct.
AHLBORN House. 819-321-313 Grant aye.—
Rooms DOc up; board and room. $1 per day and
upward; free bus to and from hotel.
EDDY, 626 (Irvlngdale)— Sunny front bay-win-
dow suites, best board, $40 up; single, $20 up.
MISSION. Nicely furnished suites and sin-
gle rooms, with board; reas.; day boarders.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant room for gentle-
man; parlor; piano; home cooking; $20 up.
SOUTH PARK. Nicely furnished rooms,
with board, $4 to $5 per week. : ?.i' ' - • v
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished sunny
Market-st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS aye., 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms: first-class table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED— Baby to raise on bottle; thorough
experience. . MRS. WERNER, 210 Lexington.
STORES TO LET.
COR. store, 2822 Mission; 7 yrs. as saloon;
cheap; store cor. Lafayette and Howard; ftxt-
. ures for saloon. Apply 2838 Mission st.
BRIGHT and light; 7 City Hall 50... cor. Mar-
ket St.; suitable for any business; rent $15.
NICE sunny stores, with living rooms, at 339
I Noe St.: rent $3 and $10.
OFFICES TO LET.
I \fMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market St.;
light, heat. janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDINER, room 210.
PART of a pleasant sunny office to let; fur-
nished. Room 70, Columbian building.
MEDICAL.
ALL . cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause): safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential: strong
pills. $1; guaranteed cure. $5. MRS. DR.
WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jones.
ALL Ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market
st:; pills, $1: very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $160 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye., S. F. A — Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways in one day; safe and sure; nc medi-
cine or Instruments used; consultation free;
saves disgrace; pills and capsules, $1; cure,
$5. By the well-known ladles' physician for
37 years. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities irom what-
ever cause: no Instruments used ; guaranteed
cure at office. $5; travelers helped Instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
DR.- and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home In confinement;
treatment $2 50. 852 Castro, cor. 7th. Oakland.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife; sunny, pleasant
homo In confinement. IF>6 Second at. \
LOST.
THURSDAY, lady's black leather purse con-
taining a pair of glasses and some money.
Return to 13 Mason st., room 2; reward.
WHITE fox terrier, female, black spots both
ears anJ over left eye; answers to name of
Lady; reward. 115 Geary St. ■
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, " in the
name of AUGUSTUS F. OODDARD, No. 185-
1222. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of EMMA MALEDON, No. 187-1523. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of EDITH FAY McAVOY. No. 174065.
The finder will please return to bank. '.
CERTIFICATE No. 234 for 10 shares of the San
Francisco and San Joaquln Valley Railroad.
issue.) to A. G. RUSS, has been lost and a
reward of $10 is hereby offered' for delivering
the same to A. G. RUSS. 201 Montgomery at.
HORSES. ( .
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyards, ' 220 Valencia' st.. .between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.. at your own price; come and
make an offer. ' '
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse . Mar-
ket 327 Sixth; auction sales every ' Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
ONE carload of good work and driving horses;
cheap. J. FORRESTER, 426 Valencia st. .
JUST arrived 2 carloads work, draft and driv-
ing horses. Occidental 721 Howard.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
COUNTRY leather top Landau, 8-passenger
wagonette," physician's coup* ; and •falling
front Brougham ~ second . hand, cheap. 500
.Golden Gate aye. . - ;-*■■'.: >. .; y>' :
- SPECIAL sale of > harness - and vehicles. Lie-
; bold Harness Co., 1 211 i.arkin. opp. City Hall. r
CITY REAL ESTATE.
NEW 4-room cottage, etc. ; Sunset Dis-
trict
CORNER residence, 10 rooms; bath; cen-
i trally located. Box 1079. Call office.
$650— WILL build 4-room, bay-window cottage;
hard finished. GEO. M. SALSBURY. builder,
621 X St., Sunset District. ■
BARGAIN— Make offer; a new 8-room house
and furniture; 3010 Castro St.; addition San
Mateo electric line.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QO 8 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
DO you want a home very cheap? ! Look! ! '.
I will sell No. 361 East Seventeenth st-, Oak-
. land, for $2550; a 9-room house, with stable
and 50-foot lot; 40 minutes from San Fran-
cisco; $SOO cash; balance mortgage on prem-
ises; time to suit; belongs to a non-resident;
keys at 368 East . Seventeenth, st. R. P.
saxe. | ■-- ■■■:-■■■■ |
FOR sale in Oakland— house. 7 rooms and
bath; 2-story; best construction and finish:
lot 40x125; fine neighborhood; 3 minutes from
railroad station; 30 minutes from San Fran-
oisco; monthly installments. HERON &
HOLCOMB, 1050 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats from $12 to $17; no dark
rooms; stove and porcelain bath; water and
ash man free; Adeline station, Oakland; key
at 940 Union St. KOENIG & KROLL, 1006
Broadway. _
HOTEL TO RENT, C.NFURMSHED.^
NEAR City Hall on prominent corner, hotel of
58 rooms; short walk to trains, theaters,
churches, etc.; rent reasonable to responsible
party. HERON ft HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
UNFURNISHED housekeeping apartments,
with carpets: reasonable. 1229 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHEL.tr-
HAAS' old mtor*. 408 Elevnth «t. 8»« him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BEF<~"7E you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, installment home
builders, 1500 Park «t.. Alameda, Cal.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
WE offer for sale several of Berkeley's most
beautiful homes; one with large grounds,
fruit barn, well, etc.; about ten minutes'
walk from station. Two other fine places,
handy to station and delightful view.
Another on Dwight way: all In good order
and very desirable, at moderate prices.
Also several smaller homes from $1000 up-
ward- we also build homes to order on easy
terms. O. G. MAY & CO.. 2128 Center st.
ALTA PUNT A Tract again on the market;
prices reduced; on San Pablo aye.. 1 miles j
north of Berkeley; lots and by acreage; look \
at this. Send for map to G. W. HAIGHT. ;
220 Bansome St., S. F. j
LOVELY place in the middle of an orchard; j
house of 4 rooms: lot 100x135: only $1600. Ap-
ply to JAS. J. MASON, Real Estate. Berkeley.
MONEY TO LOAN.
MONEY to loan at rates which people can af-
ford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do not
borrow of your friends or you will lose their
friendship: do business with strangers and be
better satisfied; no delay, no publicity. East- ]
crn Loan Co., rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
LOANS on Surnlture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without i
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94S Market St.; telephone Green 204.
ADVANCES made at cut rates on watches, dla- |
monds and jewelry. L. H. SCHARER. 22 ,
; t Mason st. -_ . _____ \
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval: money quick: confidential: no commis-
sion: lowest Intercut. Room 6S. 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval- low rates; no commission; i 25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Post st.
ANY amount at 6'» per cent on real estate. 23
and 3d mortgages, estate*, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLOAN, 24 Montgomery; rm. 3.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st. •
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $."0,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st. j
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call. !
■ Subscriptions and ads taken.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. BtB Montgomery st.
_ DENTISTS.
DON'T wear a rubber plate: you can get our I
combination metal plate for the same price; ,
It Is thin as paper; full set of teeth, $5; i
crowns, $8: fillings, 50c up: teeth without ■
plates a specialty; written guarantee for 10 j
years given on all work; no students employ- |
ed- extracting- free when plates are ordered;
consultation free. MODERN DENTAL PAR- |
LORS, corner Market and Mason sts. En- |
trance 8 Mason at.; phone South 781. !
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible |
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years: j
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work |
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132. j
SET of teeth, $5; fillings, gold, $1 up; silver. 2oc
up- bridges; plates repaired; all work pain-
less and warranted 10 years. New York
Dentists, 969 Mission St., corner Sixth.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
entee of improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full set
of teeth $5 up; fillings. 25c up; all work pain-
lees and" guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
897 Market St.. corner Sixth.
DR LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge* work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
ATTORNEYS '" AT LAW.
CITY Law and Collection Office; advice free.
777 Market st., room 7. •
C. E. PETERS, attorney and counselor-at-law,
40 Montgomery st., room 16.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 9»7 Market st.
"~ LEGAL NOTICES. -
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, Depart-
ment No. 7. ALBERT JAMES RICE,
plaintiff, vs. LUELLA MATILDA RICE, de-
fendant. No. 65.884. Action brought In the
Superior Court, City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, and the complaint
filed in said City and County of San Fran-
cisco In the office of the Clerk of said Super-
ior Court.- The people of the State of Cali-
fornia send greeting to LUELLA MATILDA
RICE, defendant. You are hereby required
to appear In an action brought against you by
the above named plaintiff in the Superior
Court, City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, and to answer the com-
plaint filed therein within ten days (ex-
clusive of the day of service) after the service
on you of this summons, if served within this
county; or. If served elsewhere, within thirty
days. The said action Is brought to obtain I
a Judgment and decree of this court dissolv- j
Ing the bonds of matrimony now existing be- j
tween plaintiff and defendant, upon the |
ground of defendant's willful desertion, also !
for general relief, as will more fully appear I
in the complaint on file, to which special !
- reference is hereby made. All of which will I
more fully appear in the complaint on file !
herein to which you are hereby referred. And
you are hereby notified that if you fail to
appear and answer the said complaint, as
above required, the said plaintiff will apply I
to the court for the relief therein demanded.
Given under my hand and seal of said Su- !
perior Court at the City and County of San
Francisco. State of California, this 13th day !
of October, In the year of our Lord, one I
thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight.
[Seal.] C. F. CURRY, Clerk.
By N. E. MAISON. Deputy Clerk.
NOTICE is hereby given that on Saturday, Oc-
tober 22, 1898 at 12 m., at the auction sales-
room of G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgom-
e ry st., San Francisco, the undersigned
ANAIS HALE, administratrix of the estate !
of J. P. HALE, deceased, Will sell at public
auction to the highest bidder for gold coin of
the United States, the lot of land situate in
the City and County of San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, on the northerly side of Oak st. 157:6
feet westerly from Octavia st. ; thence. west-
erly 137:6 feet along Oak st.. with a uniform i
depth of 120 feet to Hickory aye., with the i
Improvements, known as 314, 316, 318, 320. 322 }
and 324 Oak St., subject to • the : homes'fead '
* right of * the ' widow of ■ the : deceased In : the
•house known 'as 314 Oak st. =•- : • ■■-.-• - ; .
ANAIS HALE, : Administratrix. .":•
Dated October 20, IS9B, -
CARPET CLEANING. I
CITY Kteam Carpet -cleaning Works^-Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work;
send to SPAUEDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th,
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
* Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Paul F. Pettit and Louise S. Sharetg 33-20
Fred Lorenzetti and Klttie Welch 29-20
James M. Dlveny and Bridget Mu11en5.... 29-28
Wiiliem E. Coates and Emile Nelson 34-27
William. Lancaster and Jennie Rivaa.... 28-20
Frank B. Raye and Mary E. Leonard 29-20
John H. Pohleson find Loufse F Mayer 46-33
Felix C. Mindach and Katherlne Raib1e.... 36-29
Herman Rosenbaum and Rosa Simon 31-22
Louis Levine and Rebecca Samuels 33-25
John C. McNeil and Bertha A. 51ater... .24-23
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and ba
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorised to have the same, published.
» BORN.
COOK— this city, October 14, ft9B, to th«
wife of G. A. Cook, a son.
MILLER— In this city, October 17, 1898, to the
wife of R. J. Miller, a daughter.
HARRIED.
JENSEN— HILDEBRAND— In this city, Octo-
ber 20, 189$, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Ernst
Jensen and Julia Hildebrand.
KIRK— In this city, October 20, KM.
by the Rev. Mr. Ford, Earnest E. Kirk of
Oxford, Miss., and Anna M. Grimm of Red
Bluff. Cal.
WOLFROM— MOODY— In this city, October 19.
KM, by the Rev. J. M. Buehier. Fred D. Wol-
from of Rochester, N. V., and Emma H.
Moody of San Francisco.. . .
DIED.
Barnett,' Florence P. Larkln, Catherine
Barron, George E. Lidstrom, Charles G.
Choup, Francis B. Michelson, Mary A.
Cohn. Hannah Mulvane, Louisa G.
Coleman, Max Nelson. Clarence B.
. Conniff. D. Joseph Scanlon. Robert F.
Dexter. Charles H. Treppner, Joseph
Dyson, Rev. Thomas Tyroll, Captain J. .
Edwards, Douglas F. Weyand, Henry
Heivers. Patrick Willis, May
Keenan, Anna
BARNETT— In this city, October 19. 1898, Flor-
ence Patrick, beloved son of F. P. and Mag-
gie Barnett, and brother of John, Joseph and
the late Mary Gertrude Barnett, a native of
San Francisco, aged 5 years and 6 months.
KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, S4 Converse street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BARRON— In this city. George E. Barren, a,
native of San Francisco, aged 33 years.
CHOUP— In this city, October 21. IS9B. Francis
B. Choup, a native of France, aged 80 years,
COHN— In this cits." October 21, 1898, Hannah,
daughter of the late Myer A. Cohn. and sis-
ter of Mrs. S. W. Latz and Mrs. J. New-
comb of Vallejo, a native of New York City.
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30'
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
COLEMAN— this city, October 21, IS9B. Max.
beloved husband of Esther Coleman, and
father of Selek, Harry. Morris and Joe Cole-
man. a native of Prussia, aged 76 years. V KJj
CONNIFF— In this city. October 20, I*9B, D,
Joseph, beloved son of the late Peter and
Bridget Conniff, and brother of Edward, John
and Frances Conniff, a native of Mllford.
Mass. . . ';-:--•■; i',.^..- ; -,
E?"Friend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence.
of his aunt. Mrs. Martin Doyle. 139 Silver
street, thence to St. Rose's Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing "at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DEXTER —In Sausallto, October 20, 1893,
Charles Hayford Dexter, a native of Provi-
dence, R. 1., aged 74 years and 7 days.
i» CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the Veteran Vol-
unteer Firemen's Association's Rooms, Pio-
neer building. 24 Fourth street, where the re-
mains may be viewed from 10 o'clock until
time of funeral. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
VETERAN VOLUNTEER FIREMEN'S ASSO-
clatlon— Officers and members of the Asso-
ciation are requested to assemble at head-
quarters, 24 Fourth street, to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 12:30 o'clock, to attend the funeral
of our late brother, Charles H. Dexter Sr.
STEPHEN BUNNER. President.
JAMES PENNYCOOK, Rec. Secretary.
DYSON— this city, October 21. IS3B. Rev.
Thomas A. Dyson, O. P. ■■
[C?A requiem mass will be sung over his
remains at St. Dominic's Church, corner of
Bush and Stelner streets, this day (Saturday),
at 9 o'clock. The funeral will take place
to-morrow (Sunday), at 8 o'clock, from St.
Dominic's Church, Benlcia. Interment Beni-
cia.
EDWARDS— In this city, October 20, 1898,
Douglas F., beloved son of John H. and
Gertrude J. Edwards, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 5 months and 17 days.
HEIVERS— In Oakland, October 21, IS9B, Pat-
rick Heivers, beloved brother of Mrs. C. D.
O'Gara and Jennie Heivers. a native of th»
parish of Rivcrstown, County Sligt>, Ireland,
aged 33 years and 7 months.
IE?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
KEENAN— In this city, October 21, IS9S. Anna,
wife of Patrick Keenan, and dearly beloved
mother of Ella, Annie, Arthur, Edward and
Ethel Keenan. a native of San Francisco,
aged 31 years 11 months and IS days. " f
LARKIN— In this city, October 20. ISM, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late Francis Lar-
kln, a native of Claddy. County Armagh,
Ireland, aged 6S years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Hospital, thence to St. Mary's Hospital
Chapel, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com- 1
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
LIDSTROM —In this city, October 20, ISJS,
Charles G., son of the late Henry L. Lid-
strom. a native of California, aged 44 years.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H P Petersen & Co.. 22$ McAllister street. ;
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Members ;
of Court Columbia No. 53. F. of A., please
take notice. .
MICHELSOX— In Fruitvale. October 20. 1898.
Mary A., beloved wife of Ben Mlchelson, a
native of London, England, aged 58 years 10
months and 28 days. '■■■'_:', >
tr?"The funeral will, take place this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi- ;
dence on old county road, near Fruitvale aye- ;
nue; strictly private.
MULVANE (nee MAHON)— this city. Octo-
ber IS ISSS, Louisa G., wife of C. J. Mulvane,
and beloved daughter of Helena and the late.
Franklin Mahon, a native of San Francisco.
£7 The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her mother, Mrs. Helena Mahon, 90«
Ellis street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral,
Van Ness avenue, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross!
Cemetery. :
NELSON— In Stockyards, October 20, IS9S,
Clarence 8., only son of Charles and Cena
Nelson, a native of Contra Costa County,
aged 3 years and 9 months.
[[^•Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Albert Brown. 468 Thirteenth street. Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
SCANLON— In Oakland. October 20. 1898. Rob-
ert Francis Scanlon. beloved brother of Jo-
■ seph. ' Richard, Patrick and Charles ScanloD
and Thomas and Catherine Dolan, a native
of California, aged 17 years and 9 months.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence-
of Mrs. B. Scanlon. Sutter street, between
San Pablo avenue and Park street, thence to
Pacred Heart Church, where a solemn re-
*qul«ru mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. ■ Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
TREPPNER— In this city, October 21, lS9S,"Jo-
nej»h, beloved son of Charles and the late
Lena - Treppner, and brother of Mrs. Lena
Bachmann, < a native of . Austria, aged 33
years and 11 months.
TYROLL— In this city, October 21. 1898, at the
French Hospital, Captain Joachim Tyrol!,
brother of Mrs C. Christensen ■of San Lor-
enzo, a native of Apenrade, Slesvlg, aged 54
years 10 months and 2 days. • • •
> [DTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from I. O. O. F. Hall.
San Leandro. Interment Ban Lorenzo, Ceme-
tery.
WEYAND-In this city. October 21. 1898.
Henry beloved son of Peter Weyand of La
Salle. 111., a native of St. Ingbert, Germany,
aged 32 years 5 months and 6 days. ... ,
WILLIS— At Douglas Island, Alaska, October
11 IS9S May, beloved wife of Robert J. .
Willis a native of San Francisco, aged 35
years 11 months and 14 days.
iryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her father-in-law, 2 1 IS Leavenworth : street.
■■■■ Interment Masonic Cemetery.
U1..1M MUM I ■ HIM— — — ■
■ V McAVOY & GALLAGHER. I
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBAI*A£ER*
i :10 FIFTH ! ST., • opp. Lincoln seaojl. . I
I *''J- ' V Telephone. South 80. ' :: * ■■' - 8
1314
FITZGERALD IS
REGISTERED IN
TWO COUNTIES
The "Hefting" Mayor's Candidate
for Public Administrator
Shown in a Bad Light.
Democrats of Alameda County Ask Pointed
Questions Regarding His Connection
With Many Nefarious Schemes.
Over in Alamcda County the men who
keep in touch with State and municipal
politics have not recovered from the shock
they sustained when they learned that
l>abor Commissioner E. L. Fitzgerald had
received the nomination for Public Ad
ministrator from the Democratic narty in
this city. It is abhorrent to them to
think that such a man should be selected
to handle the estates of widows and or
phans.
Here is a demagogue, a carpet-bagger,
the alleged friend of labor, utterly ac
credited among his own people, and yet
he Is taken up by "Hefting" Boss Phelan
and his committee of one hundred.
Do the people of Sun Francisco want a
repetition of thi I Troy Dye, one
time Public Administrator in Sacramento?
"When business was dull, this gentle
savage, who ultimately suffered death
upon the scaffold, went out and killed a
man so he might administer his estate.
Mr. Fitzgerald now appears on the
Great Register of Alameda County and
also upon that of San Francisco. When
he registered in this city he made, oath
to many untrue statements as to residence
and previous registration, and thus ren
dered himself liable to punishment for
felony. His registration in Alameda
County has never been canceled.
Representative men of Oakland have
many unpleasant things against him.
They would like him to explain the part
he played in the contract marriage
whereby Shelby Martin wa* tricked into
en alleged alliance with Valeria Hlcke.
thier.
They would like him to explain his con
nection with the "cup contest" scandal
during the Midwinter Fair. People are
asking if he betrayed Alameda County, In
. he lived, and how the $300 paid by
Eolano County men wa.s divided.
Will he tell of the firms "held up " on
various pretexts by the office which he
: Led during the pa-st three years?
It is an open secret that representative
men of the Democratic party have gone
t a. M. Lawrence of the Examiner since
:: was made and warned
him not to come out in support of this
man's candidacy for the office of Public
Administrator. They laid before him a
long list of offenses and threatened to
make them public. They were asked not
to take euch severe remedial methods on
the ground that their publication would
Jeopardize the entire Democratic ticket.
That he id a man who has no apprecia
tion of the solemnity of an oath is shown
by the reckless manner in which he has
violated the registration laws. On the
21st of February, 18%, he appeared before
O. C. Woodsum, Deputy County Clerk of
Alameda, and registered, giving his place
of residence as 221S Dana street, Berke
ley. He then made affidavit that he would
have resided in Alameda County ninety
days and in the precinct thirty days next
preceding the uate of the succeeding
election. He' swore that his postofflce ad
dress was at that time Berkeley.
Ignoring all these matters, which are
of record, he again registered in this city
on August s, 1898, making his affidavit be
fore J. \V. Hose, Deputy Registrar of vot
ers. Mr. Rose is a prominent member of
the Building Trades Council and has
often fought Fitzgerald's battles on us
floor. This registration is in direct opposi
tion to State law, which makes it a fel
ony, and speaks in no uncertain terms re
garding the crime and its punishment.
'J.*he State law reads:
Registration, Who Entitled To— No per
son's name must be entered by the clerk
unless:
1. Upon a certificate of registration in
another county, showing that such registra
tion has been canceled, and upon proof, by
the affidavit of the party, that he is an
elector of the county in which he s«eks to
be registered.
Fraudulent Kegistration— Every person
who willfully causes, procures or allows
himself to be registered in the Great Reg
ister of any county, knowing himself not
to be entitled to such registration, la pun
ishable by a fine not exceeding one thousand
dollars, or by Imprisonment in the County
Jail or State frlbon not exceeding one
year, or by both. In all cases where, on the
trial of a person charged with any offense
under the provisions of this section, it ap
pears in evidence that the accused stands
registered In the Great Keglster of any
county, without being qualified for suoh
registration, the court must order such reg
istration to be canceled.
Section 17 has, among other provisions,
the following:
Any person making a false oath with re
spect to residence, as provided fur in this
section, shall be deemed guilty of perjury,
and on conviction, punished accordingly.
When Mr. Fitzgerald appeared before
the Deputy Registrar he swore he was not
registered in any other county in thi3
Btate. He swore he had resided in San
Francisco five years. He swore he had
resided in the precinct in which he was
then being registered one year.
His San Francisco registration was
mad© on August 8, and yet at that time
and at the present time his name was
and is upon tne great register of AJameda
County and has not been canceled. This
Is in direct opposition to the State law,
■which thus brands him vf perjurer.
Mr. Fitzgerald, if inj an explaining
mood, might tell of the work he did as
go-between in arranging the details of
the contract marriage between Shelby
Martin and Miss Valeria Hlckethier. Ac
cording to Miss Hickethier he bought the
riritj, had it engraved and arranged all
the preliminaries. He also thoughtfully
provided the witnesses to the alleged
marriage.
She explained in the newspapers of
June 24, 1895, the parts played by herself
and Mr. Fitzgerald at the time, as fol
lows:
Mr. Martin signed that contract In good
faith and he cannot reeort to any plea that
he was undfr the Influence of llcjunr.
We had been keeping company for some
time and finally agreed to get married. Mr.
Martin did not want the affair made publlo
and neither did I. It was then agreed that
we should be married by contract and that'
the matter should be kept a secret. Mr.
Fitzgerald was informed of our intentions
and he purchased the wedding ring I now
■wear on my finger four dnya before the
contract waa signed. Mr. Martin told me
he would provide rooms in the Oalindo
Hotel, I believe, where the ceremony
could be performed. He changed i.U mind
afterward, as he thought to secure rooms
at the hotel might cause some comment.
On the morning of March 27, 1890, 1 told
Mr. Martin that I was going to San Fran
cisco and would return on the & o'clock
boat in the evening. That morning he had
the contract made out on the typewriter.
He said he would meet me in the evening.
When I arrived in Oakland with my friend
Mrs. liostwick we were met by Mr. Martin.
He eeeorted me to rooms he had provided
in the Maison Piedmont. I was surprised
that he should take me to a French res
taurant, but I thought he knew what was
best, as he wished the matter kept secret.
Mr. Fitzgerald and the lawyer were both
there. The contract was signed in their
presence. Mr. Martin then placed the wed
ding ring on my finger and accepted me as
his wife.
I want to say right here there was no din
ner and no carousing. I do l.ot believe we
wore in the room mow than 20 minutes. -
Mr. Fitzgerald is mistaken In regard to a
dinner. We did not have anything to eat
at all. After the contract was signed I
believe Mr. Fitzgerald said: "Let in* have
a bottle of wine." A bottle of champagne
waa brought In and opened. I do not re
member whether I drank any or not.
Mr. Fitzgerald in attempting his own
defense said:
The circumstances under w-h,lch the mar
riage contract between Shelby Martin and
Miss Hickethler was made are briefly told.
Buth Martin and Miss Hickethler are my
warm personal friends. That is one rea
son why. I i>resume. I was called upon to
become a witness to the contract. So no
lather reasons that I know of caused me to
me Involved in the matter.
Among Miss Hickethier's effects at her
death in November, 1895, was a joint note
made by K. L. Fitzgerald and Ole C. Vin
zent. This was appraised at 9308 20, be
ing the note with accrued interest. J. T.
Fleming, attorney for F. J. O. Folte, ad
ministrator of decedent's estate, endeav
ored by every nienas possible to collect
the money. The day before the note
would have become outlawed a suit was
brought and to this a demurrer was filed
by K. M. Fitzgerald, attorney for the
signers. The case was fought bitterly
until E. L. Fitzgerald became a candi
date for office. He then settled the note,
paying but 50 cents on the dollar to Mr.
Folte, the administrator.
For years there has been fin unholy al
liance between Mr. Fitzgerald and one
Ole C. Vincent In March, 1893, they ap
pear jointly as the signers of the note for
$240. found among the effects of the late
Miss Valeria Hickethier of Oakland. In
May of the following year they became
involved in the "cup scandal" in connec
tion with the Midwinter fair. Vlnzent was
in charge of the voting for a cup offered
by the Examiner. It was his duty to de
stroy the ballots after they had been once
voted. The contest developed a bitter
struggle between Alameda County men,
headed by Senator Eli Denison, and So
la:io County. Representatives of Alameda
County discovered that ballots once cast
by its representatives were being sold to
Solano County and revoted in its favor.
Mr. Fitzgerald might now explain the
part he played in this nefarious scheme.
He might tell his constituents in the
Democratic party about the movements
of the young man who carried the valise
full of ballots to the home of the gentle
man representing Solano County on Ade
line street a_nd received money in return
for them.
Persons who are interested in an honest
government would also like Mr. Fitzger
ald to explain an attempted "hold-up" of
the clearing-house. This establishment,
where the banks settle twice a day the
balances they owe one another, is located
on Sansome street, near Pine. At UM
time Mr. Fitzgerald assumed the duties
of Labor Commissioner some three years
since his office was in an adjoining build
ing. Hundreds of men out of employment
congregated there daily. No trouble was
anticipated from these men, but it was
thought criminals might operate on the
clearing-house under cover of the crowd.
"We were not greatly worried over the
matter," said Manager Charles Sleeper of
the clearing-house yesterday. "One day
however, Mr. Fitzgerald, accompanied by
his deputy, Cleve Dam, called on me ana
offered to move if we paid him $1500, which
he estimated it would cost. This seemed
out of all proportion to the expense in
volved, as he had only a desk and some
chairs in his dingy office. I told him at
the time the clearing-house had no funds
which could be applied to such a purpose.
I recommended him to Bee the managers
of the various banks. He moved his office
soon after. I never learned what success
he met in the matter among the bank
managers."
The outcry against the employment of
Chinese to work on uniforms for volunteer
soldiers afforded Mr. Fitzgerald opportu
nities for -working many schemes. People
■would like him to explain why a certain
firm received a letter that went entirely
outside the bounds of an ordinary busl
.•nmmuiiication. It could not have
been issued merely for pleasure nor for
the good of his health.
This letter was signed E. L. Fitz
gerald. Labor Commissioner, and was
couched in terms of most fulsome flat
tery. It was reproduced in fac-simile and
spread broadcast by the firm for whom It
was written. It -was no ordinary busi
ness communication. It was a veritable
word painting, and told of the hundreds
of healthy, well paid women operators
employed by the firm. Mr. Fitzgerald
bore testimony to the fact that only one
per cent of Chinese were employed, and
these only on work that white men would
not do. ThJB was a misstatement, as the
Chinese wore employed as cutters, for
which work many white men are quali
fied. This is but one of many instances
■where the Labor Commissioner has been
able to convert his power into shining
double eagles..
If Mr. Fitzgerald Is elected one of his
attorneys will be Cleve Dam, who has
recently been admitted to the bar. Ho is
best known in Oakland as the promoter
of fake "suit clubs." In these clubs mem
bers pay a certain sum per week and are
entitled to suits according to a drawing.
Before the majority of the members of
the clubs secured their suite the clubs
failed, defrauding men and boys of the
money they paid in. Dam also secured
the indorsement of many prominent men
on notes for hundreds of dollars. He neg
lected to protect the indorsers, who were
compelled to pay the money, which they
have never been able to collect from
Dam.
A MARRIAGE THAT FAILED.
Suit to Recover Or\e j"ivmdred ar\d Fifty
Dollars J^aid for a Husband.
An appeal has been entered In the case of Francisco Rossi vs. Maria
Barablno and Carlo Barabino, which Justice Kerrigan decided in favor of
the defendant on September 15. The case Is interesting, not from a legal
point of view, but from the odd story told by the defendant.
On September 8, 1896. Mrs. Barablno borrowed the sum of $150 from
Rossi. Last December Mrs. Barabino, so runs the story told in the
courtroom, visited Rossi at his home, bringing with her the $150 carefully
wrapped In a handkerchief. The plaintiff's wife took the money and care
fully laid it away. Now comes the odd part of the story.
The Rossis have a daughter, a pretty, black-eyed, rosy-cheeked dam
sel such as only Italy can produce, and like a good father Rossi wanted to
see the girl happily married before the end of his days. Mrs. Barabino
has a son. and the Rossis had long looked upon him as a fitting partner
for their pretty daughter.
The advantages of the match were suggested to Mrs. Barabino. but
she, with the true business instinct of the frugal Italian, would not con
sent to the match without some recompense, and demanded the sum of
$200 for acting as Cupid. This waa too high, but Rossi finally agreed to
give her back the $150, and It was accordingly returned to her, still wrapped
in the handkerchief.
As a Cupid Mrs. Barablno was a success, and the wedding took place
on the 14th of February last. Married life, even with $150 attached to it,
was not a success with the young couple, however, and affairs began to
go wrong. Th«re was a strain of discord throughout the harmony of the
$150 wedding, and finally the young wife sued for divorce, which was
granted on June 27. Rossi again found his daughter on his
hands and the $150 out of them, and accordingly demanded
that the money bo returned. He met with a prompt refusal. Mrs. Bara
bino said the money had ail gone for the wedding expenses. There were
two white satin dresses; two rings; two pairs of shoes and a gold watch
and chain for the bride, besides a "grand party which cost all of $30." This
bill of expenses did not satisfy Rossi. He had his daughter and thought
the money should have come back with her, and accordingly entered euit
with A. Ruef as his attorney. Justice Kerrigan, after listening to the
story, awarded the case to the defendant. Notice of appeal has been filed.
THE SAT* FRAN CISCO CAI.L, SATITRPAT, OCTOBER 22, 1898.
"NO LOVE, NO LIFE," SAY
ARDENT SWAINS.
One Is Seeking Graves for Two and
the Other Wants Biers for a
Whole Famiiy.
TWO lovelorn swains have
brought themselves within the
reach of the law, and from
pursuing their reluctant sweet
hearts they have become the pur
sued of the police. One is heeled
■with a pistol and a bottle of poison,
the weapon for his love and the
phial for his own benefit, but the
other is more general in his ten
dencies. He swears he will kill the
maiden fair and all her family if
she show r s any further symptoms of
presenting him with the mitten, and
because she believes him she sought
a warrant for his arrest.
Otto Jung, who works for the
To-Kalon Wine Company, Is the
man who preferred poison and a
cold grave to a life unlit by tha
presence of Miss Marguerite Roe
mer. He was engaged to har for a
few brief months, but ten weeks
ago he was rudely jarred into tha
knowledge that he was no longer
indispensable to the young lady's
happiness, and, in fact, that he con
tributed to It materially wh«-n he
stayed away. He was away so sel
dom, however, that Miss Roemer
took a trip to San Jose. It was not
a question of mere distance or lo
cation, but the fact that she was
willing to leave him alone that first
prompted Jung to save money fur
poison and lead. He traveled to
Pan Jose fifter her, but was unable
to find her. and on his return home
he confided to a friend that he had
funerals for two in his pocket, and
was only awaiting an opportunity to
show true courtesy by attending to
the lady's demise before he sought
his own. Not appreciating this deli
cacy, the young lady demanded
G. E. BARRON
SUCCUMBS TO
CONSUMPTION
Son of a Prominent
Millionaire.
DRIVEN TO AN EARLY GRAVE
THE EXPOSE OP A NEGRESS
GIVEN AS THE CAUSE.
Developments in the Barron Will
Case Caused the Young Man
to Lead a Life That Broke
His Health.
The evil influence of the ebony skinned
nemesis of Edward Barron, the million
aire, who died four years ago, has driven
another of his blood to an early srave.
George E. I?arron, notorious for the bit
terness of the contest he waged in the
courts of San Jose against the provisions
of his father's will, died in this city ye?»
terdey morning at 319 Sutter street, a
victim of quick consumption. The death
of the young man's father left him broken
police protection, and she got it to
the extent of a warrant charging 1
the love-sick Jung with threats to
kill.
With John Charest it was differ
ent. He declared he would provide
biers for his lady love and her
whole family, and nothing should
stop him except the undying and
outspoken affection of the young
lady herself. He worshiped at the
shrine of Miss Inez Lancy, and was
rather demonstrative in testifying to
his esteem, for she says he used to
strike her whenever she displeased
him by undue coldness, and that he
threatened to forcibly "object if ever
she went out with any one besides
himself. He was not the best com
pany in the world. Miss Lancy
thought, but his continual reference
to gunshot wounds and cemeteries
made her afraid of him. and so she
used now and then go out with him
of an evening. She came home
sadly the worse for her walk one
night, and said "Johnny" had b^at
her. That settled it. An aunt, lira.
Barada. advised her to have noth
ing further to do with him. and af
ter offering that kind of advice Mrs.
Biirmia was met at the foot of the
stairs by "Johnny" and waa soundly
thumped for interfering with the
course of his true love. He said
he wouldn't stand it.
Neither would the lady, so Rhe
took her niece to the Police Court,
and together they secured war
rants — one for threats to kill and the
othor for battery. Charest Is a
butcher who works on Saturdays
and spends his time in devising hor
rible deaths for the Lancy family
during the remainder of the week.
That If what Miss Lancy says, and
as she has use for her existence
she wants "Johnny's" pistol taken
from him and his murderous Inclina
tions curbed by a term in jail.
in spirit. When he read his father's will
and found that out of a princely fortune
but the interest on a trust estate cf
$100,000 was to be his share, he became
more depressed, but when a short time
later a stalwart negress, Minnie Morton
by name, declared that the father of hf:r
chilJ was the father of George E. Barron,
to blunt his mind to the disgrace that had
been thrust upon him ha plunged into a
caieer of debauchery that ended with his
death.
Young Barron was never strong in con
stitution, but had he cared for his health
many years hence might have seen him
actively engaged In the pursuits of life.
The disgrace that had befallen him, how
ever, left him without ambition, nour
ished his appetite for liquor, and eventu
ally led him to his grave.
When he died but few were at his bed
side to mourn his death. Among the few
was a woman who bears his name and
who It is said was his legal wife. But
few ever heard that Baron was marne-J,
and many of those doubted the report,
but those who have been Intimately asso
ciated with him for years state that not
over two years ago he went East and re
turned with his wife. The marriage was
secret and It seems was kept a secretj
why, no one seems able to explain.
George E. Barron came Into prominence
In 1895 when h« filed a contest to his
father's will. The young man alleged
undue Influence and unsoundness of mind
on the part of the testator. The case
was tried before Judge I^orlgan In San
Jose, and after a most sensational trial a
decision was handed down sustaining the
contestant and breaking the will. It was
hardly a victory for the contestant, how
ever, as Innumerable technicalities arose
and young Barron eventually came Into
possession of even a smaller amount
than the will of his father stated he
should have. He was forced into ;i com
promise. It is said, by Eve Rose Barron ,
his stepmother, by which he accepted
$50,000 in a trust estate some four or five
months ago. Then signs of Quick con
sumption began to grow upon him. Emi
nent physicians were consulted, but he
was past aid and succumbed to the dread
disease.
During the trial of the case it devel
oped that the young man's father had
been driven to his grave by the Morton
woman. He had paid her thousands of
dollars as a reward for her silence, but
she hounded him until he could no longer
stand the strain; hia health gave way
and he died. Subsequently It was stated
that the death of William Barron, a
brother of the young man who died yes
terday, was indirectly caused by the dls
gra.ee following the expose of the negress.
[Both of the young men were well edu
cated, being graduates of Stonyhurst Col
lege, an institution in England whwre the
young gentry of Europe are sent to be ed
ucated.
The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe
Railway will resume its fast passenger
service, Chicago, Kansas City and Cal
ifornia points, on November 2. Magnifi
cently appointed cars have been built es
pecially for this service, and the trains
will be of the finest and fastest in the
transcontinental service. The trains will
run solid between Chicago and Los An
geles, and be limited to six palatial
cars, vestibuled and electric lighted with
5000 candle power. They will consist of
dining car, a buffet smoking car, contain
ing a barber shop and smoking ami read
ing room; observation car and three
double drawing room Pullmans, the bertha
of which will be lit with electric lights.
The initial train will leave Chicago on
Wednesday, November 2, at 8 p. m.,
reaching Los Angeles at 1:50 p. m. the
third day following. The total time con
sumed will be sixty-six hours, or six
hours shorter than ever made by a regu
lar train over this distance. The sched
ule time from Kansas City to the Pacific
Coast will be fifty-two hours. •
Washington M. Byer's Estate.
An order settling the account of the
executors and ordering a distribution of
the estate of Dr. "Washington M. Ryer,
who died June 4, 1892, was made by Judge
Troutt yesterday. The estate is valued
at about $1,500,000.
Town Talk.
This week'a issue of the favorite Bociety
weekly bears out it* reputation. There are
portraits of Jarrtes Denman, T. F. Bonnet. Dr.
Ed E. Hill, Pearl Ladd. Josle de Witt, Mar
shall W. Glselman and others; editorials on
Mayor James D. Phelan and other Interesting
subjects; reviews of the week's plays, the art
exhibition, Helnrich andHeyman rpcltala; para
graphs about club men and society favorites;
a story by Fletcher Oilman and other stori
ettes, and dainty verse.
TWO FRAUDS
SHOWN UP IN
TRUE COLORS
"Francis Truth, Divine
Healer," in Town.
A BRAZEN FAKER EXPOSED
AIDED BY THE BULLETIN IN SE
OUBING VICTIMS.
The Disreputable Sheet Becomes a
Willing Party to the Shameless
Swindle of Poor Un
fortunates.
For some dayß past Francis Truth,
"divine healer" and faker of the worst
possible description, has been doing a
thriving business at 440 Geary street in >
gulling the unwary with the assistance
of that greatest of all fakers, the Evening
Bulletin.
Truth, as he calls himself, has a most
unsavory reputation throughout th«
United States, but the present is the first
visit he has Inflicted upon San Francisco.
He first made his presence known when
he called at the business office of The
Call a few days ago and endeavored to
secure the insertion of an advertisement
prepared in the foltm of a reading notice, I
and about a half column in length. The
advertisement was rejected, although the
fellow offered to pay liberally for its
publication. He produced a scrapbook
containing a number of notices from
Eastern papers of his powers, all of I
which bore unmistakable evidences of j
having been paid for. One of these was ''
accompanied by a rude drawing supposed
to represent the death and burial of
Francis Schlatter, tuiother faker, in Ari
zona a few years ago. Notwithstanding '
this, and the further fact that Schlatter's
death wav recorded in all the daily payers !
at the time, the advertisement offered by !
Truth clearly stated that the defunct
faker Is here with Truth, who in his
scrapbook article claimed to have been
with Schlatter at the time of his death,
and buried him In the wilda of Arizona.
It is probable that Truth offered his
alluring "ad" to the other reputable
papers; if he did. they, like The Call, re
fused to print it on any terms. Not so
with the Bulletin, however, for last
Thursday evening that disreputable sheet
came out with the same stuff that had
been rejected by The Call. It was cun
ningly prepared, too, and well calculated
to deceive the average newspaper reader,
who knows little aDout "style," "type"
and such eßentiais of a newspaper make
up, and while an experienced printer
would detect it as a paid advertisement
the casual reader would accept it as a
nt-ws item. Large headlines made this
announcement:
"Frauds Sehlatter and Friend Truth
here in our midst healing with Clod's
power the sick. They ask no money and
expect none, looking for their reward
hereafter. They desire to live quietly,
treating some, and praying and fasting,
but turn none away."
Two Call reporters paid a visit to
Truth at 440 Geary street yesterday. One !
went as a patient to be treated for imag- ,
lnary stomach trouble; the other In
search of a news story. Truth's abode is
on the second floor, "Mrs." Truth., or a
young and rather good-looking girl, open
ing the door to all comers. The would
be patient asked for Sehlatter, and was
told by the wife that he was not In Just
then, but that Truth would be pleased to
see him. The patient was shown into the
front room, which was scantily furnished,
the walls being adorned with prints of
the Savior and cards bearing passages
of Scripture. When the patient was tin
ally summoned into Truth's office he
told the "healer" that only a few articles
of diet agreed with him, his stomach be
ing in such bad shape. Truth said a
few treatments would help the sufferer
so he could eat anything. Then the sub
ject of compensation was broached.
"Truth" said he charged nothing for his
services, but accepted such contributions
as his patients saw fit to make. He had,
however, some handkerchiefs which he
had blessed, and in consequence they pos
sessed wonderful healing powers. One of
these handkerchiefs would cost 25 cents,
and he insisted that his patients carry one
with them night and day. Truth pro
duced a small red bandana that cost orig
inally about 5 cents a dozen, and the re
porter separated himself from a quarter,
which "Truth" stowed away in his pock
ets. Then the "healer" took the patient's
hand in his own right palm, placing his
left hand on the patient's neck. There
was a convulsive shiver or two, and the
treatment was over. The patient was ad
vised to call every day, anti the next vic
tim was called.
When it came the second reporter's turn
and the nature of his business set forth,
"Truth" dropped his mask of hypocrisy at
once and proceeded straight to the point.
He produced the scrapbook, in which he
asked the reporter to read while he treat
ed another patient. Turning to the arti
cle picturing and detailing Schlatter's
death, "Truth" explained that the Bul
letin article was a mistake, as Sehlatter
was really in his grave. The reporter
took the book, and found by comparison
that the Bulletin article was identical
with that In the scrapbook. only that tne
account of Schlatter's wanderings and
death had been eliminated and a few
changes made to suit the locality.
When the interview with "Truth" was
resumed, that individual frankly stated
that such an article as proposed would
do him much good, and he would like it
as sensational as possible. If the report
er would get up a good, "spicy" article,
"Truth" would make it an object for
him.
Still, "Truth." in his Bulletin advertise
ment, states that he merely wants to live
quietly and makes no charge for his treat
ment of the suffering. Evidently he does
a brisk trade in bandana handkerchiefs.
And it is such a fraud that the Bulletin
has helped to swindle poor deluded suf
ferers. ______________
This Week's Wasp.
Naturally, the current Wasp is largely
devoted to politics, and the keen fashion
in which it shows up the pretense of the
Phelan brand of purity will be a shock to
the camp of the One Hundred. The com
ment is to the point, and the illustrations
are particularly good. One cartoon is a
setting forth of the Examiner spy meth
od of trailing the gentlemen of the oppo
sition. Another portrays the vegetation
of the sandlot crowned with the likeness
of Maguire, the Republican party stand
ing by. ax in hand. On another page Is a
portrait of Charles L. Patton, the like
ness being particularly good.
Criminals at Bar.
Fred Wilson, convicted of burglary In
the first degree, was sentenced to eight
years' imprisonment in Folsom by Judge
Wallace yesterday. Walter Rosser, slay
er of Henry Hilderbrand, was up before
Judge Wallace for arraignment yester
day, but the case was continued to the
2Sth inst.. by consent. John Elcetti, ac
cused of having looted J. E. Lewis' drug
store, is now on trial before Judge Cook
and a Jury.
Every Line Bright
Who and what does Maguire stand for?.-
To-day's News Letter tells you. The, dif
ference between Mr. Patton and Mayor
Phelan drawn in to-day's News Letter
The Crier roasts locaf abuses and indi
viduals. Pleasure's "Wand criticizes the
shows and Sparks hits off sub rosa events
In the swim and elsewhere. Qf all news
stands. Price ten cents.
Railroad Beport Denied.
J. Kruttschnltt, manager of the South
ern Pacific Company, positively denied
yesterday the report that the Atchison
Topeka and Santa Fe had completed an
arrangement with the Southern Pacific
for the use of the latter's tracks between
Bakersfleld and Mohave. Between
Try the "Koh-I-Noor" lead pencil and
you will have no further use Tor others. •
ADVEBTISBMENTS.
we close to-day as usual we are recognized as the leaders,
at six o'clock. in linens particularly.
concert to-day, Bruck's orchestra, I to 5,
we had a lady telephone us (south
665) yesterday and say "send me
2 doz. towels at 6{c each, 'as adver- '
tised'": that's the confidence we
like: we sell over the counter or over
the phone exactly as advertised: that's
one of the reasons why Hale's sell so
much advertised goods: that's why
economical women watch Hale's ads.
mHliflPrv bonnets for elderly la-
Illlilinery dies, soft rims, Jet
crowns; fancy aigrettes and (1
ties ...'. V«
cute little hats for children,
trimmed In ribbon, chiffon and
fancy ponpons. .$1 .50
black tips (3 in a bunch).. 30c
plumes (a big purchase) 25c
ponpons, 20c per bunch; black-
birds 10c
quill ponpons, per bunch 10c
rhinestone and Jet ornaments.. lOc
natural quill ponpons, 6 in a
bunch 25c
Jet stickpins, in great variety. ...Be
a A nniUc 26 °* these, satin finish,
DCU qUlllb full size; hand- tilt
some woven designs $u»ltv
r/imfnrfprc 47 BBilek ° c covered,
UJUllUrierb figured both sides,
full size; white cotton filled, $1 CA
wool knotted; nice and fluffy ♦*•«•
linciarv of fine a co cotton,
fIUMCiy Hermsdorf dye, high-
iar \<x A iac spliced heels, double
10l 10U1C5 soles and toes, 1/13- i
pair «»3C
also of black, fine Maco cotton.
Richelieu and Rembrandt ribbed,
Hermsdorf dye, spliced heels r
and toes, pair "***'■
black lisle hose, fine quality, high- 1
spliced heels, double soles and ft*.
toes, per pair 4«7v
fancy lisle hose, fine quality, Riche-
lieu ribbed, Hermsdorf dye, black
boots, fancy striped tops, spliced
heels and toes, per 17* r
pair :..:........... « 3 C
fancy cotton hose, dark ground in,
fancy stripes and checks, high-
spliced heels, double toes, 221*
per pair '. M 3 W|
937-939-941-943-945-947 Wle«-ke>t St.
SECRETED HE
DIAMONDS IN
HER FEDORA
Costly Mistake of Mrs.
Abrams.
HER PRECIOUS GEMS MISSING
SOLD THE HAT TO A STRANGER
FOB. A FEW CENTS.
Serious Blunder of a Woman Who
Feared a Visit From Burglars.
The Police Investi
gating.
Mrs. Abrams of 2818 McAllister street
mourns the loss of diamonds valued at
$500, which were stolen from her under
the most peculiar circumstances. Seve
raj weeks ago her residence was entered
by burglars, who got away with consid
erable Jewelry and clothing. Thinking
they would return, and determined not
to give them an opportunity to steal her
diamonds, before retiring each evening
she would secrete the precious stones in
the band of her Fedora hat. A few days
ago a collector of old clothes visited her
home and asked her if she had any worn
out garments she desired to sell.
Mrs. Abrams remembered that her hus
band had two old suits of clothes which
he had discarded.. She brought them
forth and showed them to the stranger.
He offered her a few dollars for the gar
ments, which she accepted. The Fedora
hat was hanging on a hook In the hall
way, and as the visitor was about leav
ing the house, he caught a glimpse of it
and anxiously asked Mrs. Abrams if sh«
wanted to sell it. As she was tired of
wearing it, and forgetting that her dia
monds were hidden beneath the ribbon
that encircled it, she asited the fellow
how much he would give her for the hat.
A bargain was promptly struck and tne
stranger left the house with the hat ana
its precious contents. . A . „„
Some time afterward Mrs. Abrams.
while congratulating herself over un «
rid of the hat . and clothes, h a PP e "t^ [„
recall that her diamonds were s towed In
the ribbon of the Fedora. Hurriedly don
ning her street attire she at once went
to police headquarters, where she toia
Captain Bohen of the loss of her dia
■Bohen. after listening to her story de
tailed Detectives Cody and ODea to find
the man who had bought the . hat. After
considerable trouble they ; , learned c that
after leaving Mrs. Abrams ? residence no :
went to a second-hand store • at_, Eig hth «
and Howard streets, where he sold the
hat and oiothing. ..Cody alid ££ ea lost^
texsi £"stfuwr& ssa,
iheToTC^thl^teotivja learned that^h|
tHkpn the diamonds. He proressea . tnat
he did not»know that they were concealed
in the hat He claimed after buying the
irtriMhfl straightway., went, to the sec
ond-hand store on Howard street and sold
•them "or a slight increase over the
amount he had paid Mrs. Abrams. After
dSaSnln* him for several ; hours the chief
of detectives • allowed him to go <as . there
was no evidence upon which to hold him.
fitnrv we place on sale two
lallvj lines of * fancy worsted
Cfl iff litre suitings, in a matalasse
Milllllgd weave, overshot with a
; fancy colored silk design; comes in
i all the new colors; 36 inches CA~
wide «Wv
! fancy overshot, corded suitings, 42
j inches wide, in blues, browns 7C
j and greens; latest arrival «dw
tfinvpc l l es> 2-clasp pique walk-
glUYwd ing glove, 3 row embroid- ,
I ered back; colors, tan, red, white,
brown, violet, black and green; tfl
sizes 5% to 1% $*
latiies' 2-clasp pique walking glove,
! with Paris and spear points; colors,
red, ■-■ tan, oxblood, brown, white,
black, and green; 6% to *| en
17% .;..... V*'
celebrated Hte. Jouvin French
glove, in 3 clasp; sizes 5% to Jl CA
VD !i; tl / c the Dewey, one of the
VCllingS latest Eastern fads, la
made of all-silk Brussels net, with
handsome embroidered border, In
black, navy, tan, brown and 2E/»
gray; per yard «*'•
I«iff«Ac>' seal brown kersey jacket,
ldfllCS shield front, high Medici
ittrlraic collar, tailor stitched, tL
jaCKcIS 32 to 38 *«
in tan, roll collar, trimmed with
fancy soutache braid and cord, box
front, buttoned on the fly; sizes *7
32 to 38 «P*
black kersey jacket, velvet collar,
'' strap seams, round corners, half
I filling silk serge lined, talror tfiA
: finished; sizes 34 to 40.... V*«
, tan jacket, velvet collar, round
i corners, satin lined, lap seams,
j tailor finished, new sleeves; <M i
I sizes 32 to 38 (alterations free) Vl*V 1 *
Since then the detectives have been
assiduously endeavoring to find the dia
monds, but without success.
Talked of Heredity.
The San Francisco Child Study Club
held a meeting yesterday afternoon at
the Occidental and discussed "Heredity—
Jts Law and Its Gospel."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
> WILL HE EVER LET GO!
Of what he has taken? If you think
he will you don't know him! And when
a man has found a laundry that will
turn his linen out in such perfect
beauty of color and exquisite finish as
is done at- the United States Laundry
you couldn't drive him away from it
with a new ax! We are proud of our
fine laundry work, and know that it is
beyond competition. . •
The United States Laundry, offica
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420.
r GOOD COOKS |
I HAVE USED IT I
■ EPBSO YEARS £
3 jj^ fssSi s^^st sSjLt-'JTSi _■■!! ■ ■ y
* and *■ m ■
MERRILL'S !
X .PERFECTLY PURE^p I
j ONCE TRIED !
|
*•'* j^i* i- FOR
FINE TAILORING
; -^M^ PERFECT* Fit; Mt^e
■ ,^fe|^: __ workmanship; «
" mW&fyitj 25 per cent Less than Other
«FINE TAILOR I KG
PERFECT FIT, BE*T GF
WORKMANSHIP, at
' 25 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go to
JOE POHEIM
/ &! P fc Ail Wool Suits to &li) fn CQC
/H m } Order from 4)1/ t0 4> 00
Pantefrom . . . $4 to $ | Q
JTV."**^^ 201 and 205 Montgomery St.,
. -, 844 and 846 Market St., . /
If 10 and 1 112 Market St. ' San Frmoitoo.