VOLUME LXXXIV.-XO. 129.
GENERAL CHIPPEWA
UPRISING FEARED
PILLAGERS RENEW
ThjE BATTLE WITH
BRAVE REGULARS
Major WilKiQSon, Six Privates ar>d
an lodian Policeman Amoog
the SlaiQ.
If Ger>eral Bacon's AmmunitioQ Holds Out
His Cororoand May Soon Be
Rescued.
v ? Call.
WALKER. Minn.. Oct. 16.— There was more fighting on
the mainland near Bear Island to-day, and several more
brave men were killed and wounded by the savage Pilla
gers. Major M. C. Wilkinson, six privates and one Indian
policeman are dead: Captain Sheehan is slightly wounded
and a dozen other men have been hit. Several Indians are
dead. Kay-Bay-Gway-Tyh, chief of the Indian police, was
killed-
This is the substance of a report ]
brought by Sheehan, who came here on ;
a small steamer. It was impossible to
bring the wounded to town, for the In
dians kept up a constant flre on the
boat. The names of the killed and
wounded privates have not been ob
tained. Captain Sheehan says that the
Pillagers do not number more than 100. j
but they fight as only demoniacal sava- I
ges can. Unless overpowered by su- j
perior numbers not one of them will j
quit fighting. They are holding out now j
with a hope that the Cass Lake In- j
dians will join them. If they should ;
arrive before the troops are reinforced j
the soldiers would have a desperate j
■
Reinforcements to the number of 200
r«aeh«4-fewe . irutsrfSa^&fig this after
noon, and a big chief with most of these
men and a Gatllng gun started for
Sugar Point this evening. The men are
in, a bad temper and there will probably
b£ a fight on the mainland when they
arrive. It will take several hours for
them to reach Sugar Point: therefore
they may not be able to render assis
tance before daylight.
V;tlker h»M a meet
s - and organized a home
A line - ;S placed
All the citizens turned
-. The pickets were re
■ : - i rery four
... people are aided by
en from Brainerd, who
Lai train with fifty
• artridges. j
g the Flora, loaded |
- steamed
tiers were ;
■ two hours signaling
without an returned,
t dai -k a landing. Last night j
the Vera went over to the
ught over all the white j
I
A council was the agency In
• which it vfM
■
9 and
signals the Indian r rmed
the state of affairs all over the
n.
Nt Humphrey mad
. Ca sign pr
They did not
: to accede. The Big
the tribe. Gay
-Wyx. a Bear Island chief,
swears that a majority of the Bear
; ters are not hostile.
am going to stay by the whites,"
he said, "and many of my braves will
These promises are not worth much,
according to reports to
ns at Leech Lake are
1 by Casa and Red Lake
large numbers. A general
air., as few of the
India: depended upon after the
battli
Th •■• tiring from the
beadlai ilker all last night.
• it was about could not be dis
ed, but it Es thought the Indians
signaling in this manner. The
men who came up from Brainerd dur
ing the night under Dr. f'amp were de
termined and brav^.
'•There is going to be an Indian exo
dus here as sure as the sun rises to
.w mornine," ?ai>! :hem.
T . IC , • the ?oldier3 who left h<--re
and those at the agency is terribly
[f they are allowed to g
[ndians no officer will be able to
*>m back.
Another expedition to Sugar Point
% ■: about 10 o'clock to-day. There
en riflemen on board, all
3 men. The boat carried coffee
and ; -. The detail is under
dire r Dr. Camp of Brainerd, an
old Indian fighter.
D the island have bo^-n
nee yesterday at noon.
The night was very cold, and men
without blankets must have suffered.
Thf arrival of a boat at the island
with an expedition this morning was
the signal f ■:■ the immediate reopening
of hostilitif-^. The Indians again opened
fire and the soldiers promptly re
sponded. In a second there was as
fierce a fight in progress as that of yes
terday. Gus Beaulieu narrowly escaped
with his life. His coat sleeve was torn
by a bullet. The firing became so hot
the boat was compelled to weigh an
chor and steam out into the lake.
The Indians appear to be in force.
The San Francisco Call
Bacon's command was too small to take
aggressive action. A detachment is en
hed in a good position and can
• as long as the ammunition
lasts.
Major M. C. Wilkinson was shot
through the leg while walking up and
down admonishing the men to keep
th^ir head? low. He had his leg dressed,
the field again and was shortly
afterward shot through the body. Ly
ing in a pool of blood he raised himself
elbow and said to General
Bacon: "Give them hell, general; never
mind about me." He died In a few
minutes.
the newspaper men who were
sent out from Minneapolis and St. Paul
were last night reported missing and
probably killed. It now transpires they
found a safe hiding place on the isl
and.
BACON IN DESPERATE STRAITS.
WALKER, Minn.. Oct. 6.— So-unds of
! conflict have come from Bear Island all
day. but people here are still ignorant
of the real situation on the battle
ground where General Bacon and his
men had their desperate encounter
with* the Pillager Indians yesterday.
Up to an early hour this morning
there were many grounds for fearing
that General Bacon and his command
had been annihilated. No direct word
had been received from any man who
participated In the first battle.
Early this morning, however, the fir
ing was resumed and it has continued
practically all day.
This makes it certain that General
Bacon's command is still on earth and
in fighting trim. It is now believed the
soldiers are entrenched and in a parti
tion to hold out until reinforcements
reach them.
Lieutenant Colonel Harbach of the
Third Infantry reached here late this
afternoon and immediately started for
Bear Island. It is thirty miles distant
and progress will necessarily be slow.
No courier has reached here from
Bear Island to-day, so it is impossible
to learn the result of to-day's fight.
A posse of citizens succeeded in land
ing c-n Bear Island, a cured the bodies
of four of the men killed in Wednes
day's fight and brought away nine
wounded soldiers. The citizens were
driven to their boats by Indians firing
from the bush, but no fatalities are re
ported.
The condition of the Bacon men, even
SAX FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1898.
LIST OF THOSE KILLED OND
! WOUNDED BY THE REDSKJNS
' WALKER, Minn., Oct. 6.— The following is a partial list of
the killed and injured:
KILLED.
Major Melville C. Wilkinson.
Sergeant William Butler.
Private Ed Lowe.
Private S. Wallenstocker.
Private Alfred Zehell.
Private John Ansted.
WOTTISTDED.
Sergeant Leroy Ayers, shot in the leg.
Private Godfrey Ziegner, shot through the shoulder.
Private Charles Turner, shot through the shoulder.
Private Richard Buckhardt, shot in the neck.
Private E. E. Antoulla, shot in the leg.
Private George Wicker, shot in the leg.
Private Ed Brown, broken jaw.
Private John Daily, shot through the thigh.
The loss of the Pillagers is known to have been heavy.
THE PILLAGER INDIAN AGENCY AND VILLAGE ON THE BANK OF LEECH LAKE.
If they are safe from annihilation, must j
be desperate. They are Illy supplied ,
with overcoats and blankets. They ;
'have no tents. Their food supplies were ;
short when they landed and they were
in no shape to stand a long siege.
Another special train will leave j
Brainerd to-night with 200 or 250 more j
soldiers. Inspector Tinker expr
the opinion that with f>oo soldiers the ;
Indians will be subdued, hut thinks \
there will be much bloodshed.
It Is said the Indians from the Mille
Lacs reservation have started, 300
strong, to join the Leech Lake Indians,
and if this Is the case it will require
500 additional troops to quell the dis
turbance. They are reported to be well
armed and going northward at a rapid
rate. They will probably reach Leech
Lake and Bear Island by daylight to
morrow.
Two hunters came in this afternoon
from the woods and reported a band of
MOJOR WILKINSON
GOME TO THE END
r MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 6.— The Journal's special from "Walker,
Minn., says:
Major Wilkinson was shot through the leg. but had his wound
dressed and took the field again. Shortly afterward he was shot
through the body. Lying in a pool of blood, he raised himself on
one elbow and shouted to General Bacon:
"Give them h— l, general; never mind about me."
These were the last words of the gallant soldier.
Major Wilkinson was shot and killed while walking up and down
admonishing the men to keep their heads low.
No braver man or better ofHoer ever lived. The men in his com
mand are crazed with rage. When reinforcements arrive they will
wreak vengeance on the Pillagers in their own way. The fight is
not half over yet— the biggest battle remains to be fought.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 6.— Major M. C. Wilkinson was well known
among the Northwestern people at Washington. Major Wilkinson was
a volunteer in the Civil War, serving throughout that conflict, and re
ceived on its close a commission in the regular army. He had par
ticipated in several Indian campaigns since the rebellion. His regi
ment was stationed at Fort Snelling for twelve years and was dis
patched to Santiago at the opening of the war, but he was left at the
fort on recruiting service. He was over 60 years old, and his family
are at Redlands, Cal.. where he has for two years been starting an
orange grove, with a view of spending his closing years there.
fifteen or twenty Indians going north,
and it is believed that they are an ad
vance guard of the Mille Lacs Indians,
or a party of their scouts. The men
were not close enough to say whether
they were painted or not, but know
they were armed.
The inhabitants at Walker. Lothrup
and Hackensack. Minn., are terrified
beyond measure and are armed as far
as arms and ammunition are procur
able. Little sleep is taken by the ma
jority of the citizens.
Since the uprising of th^ Bear Island
Indians, the Indians at the Leech Lake
agency have been quiet up till to-day,
but word has arrived to-night from the
agency that th? Indians have broken
out arid the authorities have no control
over them, and fear there will be more
bloodshed.
OFFICIAL REASSURANCES.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 6.— Up to 10
o'clock to-night there had been no in
formation received by the War Depart
ment officials from General Bacon.
During the evening, however, the de
partment received from the general's
adjutant, now at St. Paul, the follow
ing telegram, giving a summary of con
ditions as far as that officer was able
to obtain them:
ST. PAUL.. Minn.. Oct. 6.— Adjutant Gen
eral. Washington: In answer to a tele
gram to the United States Marshal at
Walker, Minn.. I have received a reply,
giving the location of General Bacon on
the mainland on the southwest corner of
Leech Lake and saying: "Commenced
fighting at 11:3*) yesterday. Indians seem
to have best position. Not moving. Ma
jor Wilkinson, five soldiers and two In
dian police killed; awaiting reinforce
ments."
Press dispatches and private Western
Union dispatches seem to support these
statements about the killed. Reinforce
ments will doubtless reach the command
this evening 1 . Reliable information indi
cates the Indians quiet in the vicinity of
dams to the northwest. No report yet
from General Bacon. Only one of the
captains, Gerlach. for duty at Snelling
and 150 men. Apprehend no need for
further reinforcements unless to send to
vicinity of I^eech Lake dam to cut off
escape of Indians. Would suggest au
thority to be given to utilize one bat
talion Minnesota volunteers in case of
need. Report just received of arrival of
Colonel Horbach's command at Walker,
about 4 o'clock. STT'RGIS,
Assistant Adjutant General, in the ab
sence of Department Commander.
The request to use a battalion of the
Minnesota Volunteers was promptly
granted and the department command
er can have his pick from either the
Twelfth or Fourteenth State regiments.
One is at New Ulm and the other at
St. Paul awaitine their muster out.
General Corbin feels that there will not
be any necessity to use the men of
these regiments, however, as the regu
lars will be sufficient for all purposes.
During the evening Secretary Bliss
received the following telegram from
Inspector Tinker, which indicates that
reinforcements have reached Walker,
which Is thirty miles or less from the
scene of the fighting:
WALKER. Minn., Oct. 6.. via Brainerd.
Two hundred and fifteen officers and
men have just arrived with one Gatling
gun. Have heard nothing from the bat
tle ground since morning. Two boats left
to go to General Bacon's assistance and
have not returned. Will wire full partic
ulars later. TINKER, Inspector.
AMPLE REINFORCEMENTS OR
DERED.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 6.— The tele
Continued on Fourth Page.
UNIVERSITY STUDENTS
GREET HENRY T. GAGE
A Masterly Address Delivered to the Young
Men of the College
Town.
A Clear and Definite Arraignment of the Principles
Represented by Maguire in the Present Cam
paign-Tendered a Grand
Ovation.
Among the many speeches which the
Hon. Henry T. Gage will have made be
fore the day of election he will probably
have reason to remember the one made
by him yesterday afternoon in Berkeley
before a throng of enthusiastic college
students.
The whole occasion was a decidedly
unique affair, with a strong college flavor
to everything about it. From the moment
the Republican standard-bearer stepped
off the train at Berkeley station until the
time he took leave of the committee that
had acted as his escort he was treated to
"a royal ovation.
By a special order of President Martin
J. Kellogg all exercises in the university
were suspended shortly before 3 o'clock.
I^ong before that hour Stiles Hail was
made the central point of interest in the
university town. The seating capacity of
the building is small at best, but to-day
it was ludicrously insufficient to accom-
modate the people that tried to ga'n an
entrance. Hundreds were turned away,
while within the room itself was crowded.
Behind the speakers" platform were
draped the stars and stripes, and on the
walls were hung the pictures of Gage and
Neff. The audience was clearly in a
patriotic mood, and its feeling found ex
pression in rousing cheers and college
even before the Republican candi
date for chief executive stepped upon
the rostrum.
A committee, consisting of A. ML
Magee, C. E. Thomas, Harry A. Linscott,
Duncan McDuffie and B. H. Donnell, met
the candidates' party on its way over
from San Francisco, and conducted the
members to the place of meeting. Henry
T. Gage was accompanied by Judge Van
R. Paterson, who was also one of the
speakers of the day. Their entrance into
the hall was the signal for an out
burst of applause, which broke out again
and again whHe the speaking was going
on. The university men cheered McKin
ley, they cheered Dewey, and they cheered
Schley, and when all was over they
shouted for Henry T. Gage.
President A. M. Magee of the Gage
Club, recently formed by the college stu
dents, with a few brief remarks intro
duced the man after whom the club is
named.
Mr. Gage spoke as follows:
Gentlemen of the University of Califor
nia: While I am very much gratified by
this pleasing reception, it is with some
diffidence that I address you, because my
own early struggles denied me the oppor
tunity, with which you are afforded, of a
thorough university training:. My educa
tion, beginning and ending in the puDlic
schools, has, however, none the less made
me an admirer of the higher education
•which it is the duty as well aa the desire
of the people of California to supply to
our young people.
With fhe higher de
velopment of our
facuuies the purer
and stronger we be
come, politically as
well as ethically. In
deed, ethics and
politics should be in
separably united, for
the reason that In
the education of the
morals as well as the
Intellect of the young depend the liberties
of the people. A free mind is indispens
able to a free man, and mental freedom
requires the development of the moral as
well as the intellectual faculties.
That patriotism increases with educa
tion has been gloriously manifested in this
very seat of learning during the recent
war, when Berkeley sent forth gallant
volunteers in greater proportion to the
population than any other part of the
State.
CROWN OF CITIZENSHIP.
From you. gentlemen, with the high and
scholarly attainments developed by ac
complished professors and tutors, the
people hope to select their future states
men and leaders of public opinion. The
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
common school is the crown of citizenship
and the university is the scepter. (Great
appla;:
<>ur State branch of the great party
which now sustains and guides our na
tional policy under the statesmanship of
President McKinley, alive to the pressing
need of continuing and improving tna
high grade and scholarship in this great
university, has pledged it~eTf as follows:
"The University of California has in <iie
past been the recipient of the care of tha
Republican party, under whose liberal
support it has been enabled to reach its
present high standard. We pledge our
selves to continue that support and make
the university worthy in every respect of
the most enthusiastic hope of the people.
It fitly crowns the educational system of
the State."
I assure you. gentlemen, that, il elected
Governor, I win faithfully keep my part
of that pledge and will do everything in
my power to assist your professors and
tutors in making your university the peer
of any in the Lnlted States. (Applause.)
I am pleased to find you so deeply in
terested in the politics of your State, fur
it is only through a jealous guardianship
of its political affairs by men of educa
tion that the evils which menace us at all
times, through the arts of the dema
gogue and the insidious wiles of those op
posed to representative government, may
be overcome and the liberties of the peo
ple maintained.
LOYAL TO REPUBLICAN PRIN
CIPLES.
I take this opportunity to thank you f»r
the zeal manifested for my candidacy and
especially for the marked approval shown
by the formation of a college club under
my name. I do not. however, vainly be
lieve that this approval is due to any of
my individual acts, but is only an expres
sion of your loyalty 10 ihe grand princi
ples of the Republican party of which I
am an humble representative. (Applause).
Your division into parties in this uni
versity is proper in the sense that it
arouses discussion of principles, an
discussion will enable the students of the
university to determine wnat will b<- btst
for the interests of the State and nation.
Touching the issues of this campaign, I
will confine myself to a brief statement of
a few important matters to which I wish
to direct your attention, and which. I am
convinced, materially affect the present
campaign.
One of the main subjects for considera
tion is substantially presented through
the personal activity of the leader of the
three diverse parties
opposed to the Re
publican party in
theory of single tax
— a theory gathered
and formulated by
Henry George from
the socialism of Eu
rope. I am satisfied
that the sound in
struction which you
have received in po
litical economy from
the learned professors of this uni
versity will enable you to analyze
and easily refute the pernicious principles
which form the basis of this scheme for
the destruction of land tenures. I will
here but briefly call your attention to
some of the public acts and speeches of
my distinguished opponent. Hon. James
G. Maguire. who has for years advocated
in Congress this anarchic doctrine now
denounced by the Republican party, and
whose Congressional acts and speeches,
including those upon single tax. have been
heartily indorsed and commended by the
platform of the new fusion Democracy.
MAGUIRE AND SINGLE TAX.
Mr. Maguire's public acts and utter
ances on the single tax being indorsed
by the new Democratic party platform. I
will call your attention to his record in
Congress upon the socialistic and land
confiscating theory which his party has
adopted in nominating and approving the
acts of the avowed enemy of land owner
ship by the people. The first single tax
effort of Mr. Maguire was Januai
\ i4 s4. just seven years* after his with
drawal from the Democratic party and
the return of the changed and purified
Democracy to Mr. Maguire. When the
Democratic revenue bill (popularly called
the Wilson bill) was before the House of
Representatives. Mr. Maguire. the Demo
cratic representative from the Fourth
Congressional District of this Sta:-
January' 31, IS&4. introduced a single-tax
amendment to the Wilson bill, providing
for a direct annual tax of $31,311,325 to be
assessed and laid upon the value of all
lands in the United States, exclusive ar.<l
irrespective of the improvements thereon,
and among other things used the follow
ing language in his speech in support of
this extraordinary measure. As Mr. Ma
guire may possibly have forgotten this
and as he" has heretofore called upon me
to give the record I will quote the fal
lowing part of his revised speech from
the Congressional Record of date Feb
ruary 11. IS&4. Vol. 26. No. 24. indicating
his views upon American property rights.
Mr. Mag\iire then said:
QUOTES FROM THE RECORD.
"My amendment proposes a tax on that
unearned Increment as a substitute for
the taxes on other Incomes prescribed in
the bill which has been offered as an
amendment to the Wilson tariff bill. • •
• It Is understood by you, as well as by
me. to be the assertion of a principle
which, if conceded to be sound, must ul
timately transfer the entire burden of all
taxation for the purposes of supporting
our Federal. State, county and municipal
governments, from all other subjects to
the value of the lands of the country;
lltimate'.v arpropriating the rental value
«f all land, exclusive and irrespective of
ts improvements, to public use. . • • •
My proposition" to Impose all taxes for
public purposes upon the value of land,
exclusive and irrespective of the improve
ments thereon, and to abolish all other
forms of taxation, necessarily involves
the idea that there is an essential, fun
damental difference between private
property in land and private property in
other kinds of wealth. • * • There ia
a natural right of ownership in the rela
tion existing between everything pro
duced by labor and the labor that pro
duced it. * * * But there is no such
natural right as a basis for private prop
erty in land. No man made the land. It
is the common heritage of all mankind.
• • • The denial to any man of access
to that natural source of subsistence is
equivalent to a denial of his. right to live,
and any interference with such right of
access must correspondingly subject him
to privation and misery. It therefore fol
lows that the ownership of the land by
one class of men. enabling that class to
fix the terms on which all others may
have access to it. gives to such class
unlimited power of extortion ana oppres
sio»over all landless people. It creates
a dominant and a servient class among
the people of every community In which
such ownership exists, and makes social2
and political equality between those
classes absolutely Impossible, regardless
of any nominal declaration of such an
tutes or constitutions. We
i ready .1 nation of landlords, tenants
tramps The landlords own the
d the others are disassociated
from its soil, having no more stake in
the country than lodgers have in their
liner-house. * * • It thus appears
that ly element In our present
m <>f land tenure is not only in con
travention of natural rights, but is abso
: the genera] happi
of mankind, and is wholly incom
!e with the conditions of social and
• quality necessary to the per
tion of public government."
SINGLE TAX AND MINING.
Notwtthatandlng this remarkable effer
nce of socialism by Mr. Maguire
just quoted, denying all private property
in land and ■
ing the Govern
ment's right to tax
personal property,
one might have ex
pected that he
would concede the
right of the miner
on public mineral
land to the ore and
metal extn
from the land, or
that he would ad-
mlt his right, by discovery, to have the
land patented, giving him a continuous
iwnershlp in the
us sub.-;: ered and
. d. Customs a: * .of mining
in all civilized and progressive nai
have given the miner me benefit of his
and labor, ai.d through this in
centive the world has witnessed great hu
niiii struggles for the development of
material wealth. The miner's labor.
ated by hope, has opened the sides
of the mountains and dia
ius and useful ores, and poured the
i through the channels of
the social and commercial world. His
labor has explored the desert, and
igh his industry his cabin has given
way to towns and cities. The vigor of
the prospector, spurred by the sense of
pain, has built schoolhouses and de
■ I Industries richer and grander
than the yellow prize. Surely, fellow
citizens, this one. at least, should be en-
I i the fruits of his labor and enter
so at all. If we will give
to Mr. Magulre's scheme of single
which th< new Democracy has
In the course of the same single-tax
speech just referred to, in his attempt to
defeat the Wilson bill, to relieve the
money-lender from taxation and to im
•he burden upon the farmer and
wner, he repudiates the miner's
right to the product of his labor; for,
even as to him. Mr. Maguire Invokes the
sition. 1 read from page
gressional Record of Feb
ruary 11, 1891 The following is Mr.
Maguire's language:
"The margin of production which is
now the share of the non-producer would
the entire community for the gene
nefit of all. This would be just, be
cause the margin of production results in
el! cases from the presence and enter
prise and efforts of the whole community,
except in bo far as it represents the value
of great natural deposits, such as coal,
iron, gold, silver, copper, lead, petroleum.
[Silver and the liKe, under the earth,
and forests over the earth; and these de
and forests were prepared and
the Creator for the general,
common use of all mankind. It is right
that their value should be given to the
whole people whenever private individu
xtract them from the earth."
THE ISSUE MADE PLAIN.
Gentlemen: This is one of the "faith
ful ami efßi i-i -^ n t services" of the leader of
the new Democracy,
for which he bus
been commended by
his party, and those
are some of the
views of him who
-<es to assist
our State mining
property rights. Will
he who has tolled
and perspired in the
depths of the earth.
or the prospector who has suffered hun
ger and thirst in his journey throughout
the arid lands of the State, hesitate to
choose between the Republican party,
which fosters his industry and is pledged
to conserve his vested rights, and the
new Democracy, which*, through its dis
tinguished leader, will deny him. if it
can, the private reward and property
rights to which he is entitled by his
brain, his muscle and his privations? For
tunately for the people of this State, as
well as of the United States, the old
: racy from which Mr. Maguire with
drew in 18y7 was again in power in 1594,
and as Mr. Maguire's new Democrm v
con tail . six members, his single !
tax amendment to the Wilson bill was
helmingly defeated. But the leader '
of the new Democracy did not stop here !
with his plan of divesting the people of
their private rights in and to landed prop
erty. Mr. Maguire rendered more "faith
ful and efficient services" for the single
tax, which have commended him to his
party.
BURDENS FOR THE FARMER.
On the 23d of April, 1597 (as appears
from Vol. 30, No. 32, page 1120, of the
. •'ssional Record, Mr. Magulre,
while discussing: the Indian appropriation
bill i:i the 'em upon the single
t;;x scheme of the new Democracy again
gave vent to the following view denying
the right of private ownership in land.
He said:
"The land of every country has ever
been, and is, and must forever remain,
of natural right, the inalienable right of
the whole people, in spite of anything
that may be done to deprive them of
It. Governments may and must regulate
the use of the land, but they should, and
the time is not far distant when all na
tions will, so regulate the use and treat
ment of all land as to preserve inviolate
the common, natural, equal rights of all
their citizens in such lands."
Again, gentlemen, the "faithful and ef
ficient services" which hia party has ap
proved were exhibited by Mr. Maguire In
eech in the House, March 10 18$8
upon the Senate "free homestead" amend
ment to the bill making appropriation."
when he again vehemently expressed his
denial of the right of private ownership
of land and the owner's right to the land's
rise in value, which Mr. Maguire denom
inates, in the language of slngie-taxisra
the unearned increment." In the same
address before the House Mr Maguire
adopted, for the purposes of his argu
ment, one of the early and self-confessed
errors of Herbert Spencer, the English
philosopher an error
committed by Spencer
in 1850, when he was
young and inexperi
enced, and long before
the maturity of his
great sociological
works. I am satisfied
from the rumors or
Mr. Maguire's exten
sive rt-ad ing of politi
cal economy and kind
red subjects, that he
■was well aware at the time that he used
this argument that Mr. Spencer had in
n his "Data of Ethics." frankly ac
knowledged his early error In assuming
that the private ownership in land la not
based upon natural ideas of Justice. In
the "Data of Ethics" Mr. Spencer uses
the following forcible and comprehensive
answer to the basic theory of the single
tax era:
"Were the direct exercise of ownership
to bo resumed by the community without
purchase the community would take
(along with something which Is ita own;
an immensely greater amount of some
thing which is not its own. Even if we
Ignore those multitudinous complications
which, In the course of century after cen
tury, have inextricably entangled men's
claims, theoretically considered, even if
we reduce the case to Its simplest theo
retical form, we must admit that all
which c.-in be claimed for the community
is the surface of the country In its orig
inal unsubdued state. To all that value
given to it by clearing, breaking up, pro
longed culture, fencing, draining, making
roads, farm buildings, and so forth con
stituting nearly all its value, the commu
nity baa no claim. This value has been
given either by personal labor or by labor
),aid for, or by ancestral labor, or else
the value given to it !n such ways has
been purchased by legitimately earned
money. All this value, artificially given.
vests in existing owners, and cannot,
without gigantic robbery, be taken from
them."
UNJUST DISCRIMINATION.
Gentlemen, that these plain principles are
consonant with justice may be seen from
practical illustrations. An Instance may
be ; r iven. A poor man has gone Into an un-
Bettled part of the State and secured,
through the beneficence of the Govern
ment, a homestead of 160 acres of land,
which could not bo sold In the market for
the 'government price of $2 50 per ftcre.
He hns labored for years upon It *and
around it, cutting down trees, building a
cottage and outhouses and constructing'
roads. He has earned for himself, dur
ing years of practical Isolation, an un
certain livelihood, trusting, however, that
in the end the property may become desir
able and marketable. He has at last re
ceived a patent for the land from the
United States, and, being invested with
\ the title, again waits some years for a i
! purchaser. Meanwhile other settlers hive
j taken adjoining tracts. A town has grown |
!up near by. A railroad has established a :
: station there and commercially united this ,
territory* with the cities of the State. Jne
' land of the settler rises Jn value. He
| wishes to improve his condition by celling
all or a portion of his land. He is met j
by Mr. Maguire's denial of his right to
Bell this land at the Increased price. This
rise in value belongs (says Mr. Maguire)
to the whole people— it is the unearned
increment. Therefore, the settler must ue
deprived of this Increase of land value by
the . :. of the single tax.
Take another instance: A miner has
discovered a mint-: has lived in his cabin
on the mountain side for years, delving
the earth and earning a bare subsistence.
He thinks the mine is a valuable one, yet
he has no means of erecting a big stamp
mill upon it and expensive machinery for
extracting the valuable metal. He com
plies with the I'nited States mining laws
.cures a patent— a title to the earth
and mineral. Other mines are discovered.
Towns grow up in the neighborhood and
railroad connection is made by which the
at comparatively cheap rates,
orted to the city smelting works for •
ment. The mine bus become vaiu- ;
able and has excited the cupidity of in- ,
5. He wants to sell the mine, bui la
■- .Mi Magiiire's denial of his pn- I
vate ownership and by the application of |
the single tax. taking away this enhanced i
value, which Mr. Maguire and his party
choose to call the unearned increment.
THE FATE OF THE LABORER.
Still another instance: A poor laborer
in the city buys from his earnings a lot
of land lor lifty dol-
lars. in a remote and
sparsely populated
place. and erects
thereon a dwelling.
For years he daily
travels afoot a long
distance between the
place of work and
town. The city
grows. A street rail
way passes his door,
and the lot increases greatly m vaiue. a
purchaser comes along and offers mm
JIOOO for the land, in addition to the value
of hi? Improvements. He wishes to >•■!!.
but Mr. Maguire denies his private own
ership in the land. He tells him that $'.•;>■'
of the price offered is an unearned Incre
ment, and deprives him of it by the appli
cation of the single tax. In other words,
the human incentive of gain, which stim
ulates poor and rich aiike. which con
structs the mansion and floral conserva
tory, as well as the cottage and the gar
den, Is to be destroyed through the appli
cation of single tax upon land values.
Take still another Illustration: The pio
neer of the forest, or the settler on the
frontier, who builds himself a home amid
wild beasts and savage human foes, who,
fur years makes his breast the barrier of
civilization and raises a family to own and
till the land he fought and toiled fur. at
last beholds that Bparse settlement fast
transforming Itself into a populous city.
Shall he be denied the ownership of his
land? Shall he be denied, through an in
famous single tax. his right to the land,
because of the claim that the rise in value
Is an unearned Increment— that value
which his thrift and Industry and valor
earned? On the other side, behold, the
application of Mr. Maguire's scheme for
the amelioration of mankind. A capital
ist with a half million of dollars, acquired
by inheritance, lends to his needy fellow
men. In different amounts, large sums, at
rates of interest varying from S to 24 per
cent per annum, and— having no
erty in the community— absolutely escapes
taxation through the single tax plan of
Mr. Maguire and his party. A railroad
having millions of dollars worth of rolling
merely having a right of way
over the lands of others, extorting heavy
passenger fares and heavy freights from
its people. Is, through Mr. Maguire's plan
of a single tax. to he wholly exen
The wholesale merchant and monopolist
who "corners" the products of a com
munlty with a view to increase the prices
of the products "cornered," shall hold
those products free from taxation during
the hatching: of his scheme. The millions
of dollars of coin and other personal prop
erty, either lying Idle or changing; hands,
shall, through this scheme of Mr. Ma
p-uiro's, be freed from the burden of con
tributing to the revenue of the State,
county and municipality.
SOLID REPUBLICAN PLATFORM.
Rightfully, indeed, did the Republican
party, in "its platform, denounce such
theories and plans, in the following lan
guage:
"We oppose the doctrine *>f the single
tax, of which the Democratic nominee for
Governor is the apostle, as being socialis
tic and anarchistic, ar.d the practical
workings of which will be to release
stocks, bonds, corporations ami us
from taxation and place all the bui
on the fanners and owners of home
steads." (Cheers and applause- >.
Gentlemen, while I might— had he not
carried them into practice— concede that
the personal views of Judge Maguir- aa
an individual, upon the single tax and
other revolutionary theories, are imma
terial so far as his private life is con
cerned, yet such views, when entertained
by a possible chief executive of tne Suite,
are of vast importance to the peoplt The
mark of the man becomes then the stamp
of the State. Upon the character and
soundness of the executive officer's opin
ions upon economic and State questions,
depends the character of the administra
tion. If the executive be whimsical, his
policy will be guided by the flights of
his disordered fancy. If the executive
share principles common to socialists, the
State's policy will be directed by those
who worship the red flag. You cannot
separate the biased opinions of an execu
tive from his administration, any more
than you can deny logical sequence to
the act which follows the Casual thought.
(Applause).
THE GOVERNMENT ON TRIAL.
Gentlemen: The real underlying issue
presented to the people means more than
party success. The
battle of ideas,
which is prophetic
of future political
action, makes this a
time of great con
cern, in which local
prejudices should
yield to calm delib
eration. The Repub
lican party, again,
reasserting Its na-
tional principles, maintains as a basic
proposition that the advancement of the
American people and the perpetuation of
their liberties depend upon the retention
of the present system of representative
government, with Its grand system of
checks and balances, alike protecting
minorities from the passions of majori
ties, and preserving the rights of the
whole people from the encroachments of
minorities. Our party now stands, as it
has always stood, for the maintenance of
the constitution and the laws and the
liberty of the people. Its great rival, the
old-time Democratic party, which revered
the constitution, stood at least for law
and order, notwithstanding its erroneous
policy, and nursed a brood of Titanic
statesmen, loyal to the country; but that
Democratic party of the past is either
dead or sleeping. (Applause).
The old debates upon the question
whether Federal powers should be strict
ly construed, and whether the tariff
should be for revenue or protection, are
no longer heard or presented. In place
of that brave and brilliant antagonist
there now appears against us a coalition
of three parties, fused and confused, as
serting In one platform the doctrine of
State's rights, in another the annihilation
of all rights, both of States and individu
als. A change In the constitution, both
State and Federal, is demanded. New
and various governmental theories are
offered to the people — the Initiative and
referendum of socialism, the single tax
of Henry George, the Government owner
ship and management of railroads, tele
graphs, telephones and all public utilities,
the Government operation of railroads as
public highways for all competitors, the
removal of all tariff on imports, and
substitution of direct taxes upon the peo
ple of the States for the support of the
Federal Government, the nationalization
of land, the governmental distribution of
silver and paper money, cheapened by the
sovereign fiat, the abolition or the judicial
writ of Injunction, the election of Presi
dent. Vice President and United States
Senators by a direct vote of the people;
and finally the denial of all Individual
rights by Populism, and the repudiation
of all Federal rights by the fusion De
mocracy.
CONSTITUTION MUST STAND.
An Ingenious leader, pliant to all these
revolutionary demands, endeavors to
elaborate from them a homogeneous sys
tem of government. But, fellow-citizens,
when viewed from a rational position, do
not these demands signify that the prin
ciples of the fusion party have declared
our American representative Government
a failure, and that they will build up for
us a new system which will be based
TIIE SA^ FR A3l CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1898.
upon the theory of popular majorities?
| Not a President nor statesman, from the
great Washington to our present distin
guished Executive, through all changes
and grades of political opinions, has ever
: challenged that glorious constitution or
| denied the wisdom of its magnificent
I principle of checks and balances in the
executive, legislative and judicial branches
;of the republic. More than a century has
elapsed since its adoption. Other nations
have fallen and new nations have risen
in their places. Wars, foreign and do
' mestic, have devastated our country: po
• lltical parties have waged bitter political
j battles; and yet that constitution re
: mained unchanged and dear to the Amer
! lean heart until the year 1596. In that
| year the American people for the first
I time heard the rumble of revolt: for the
first time in their history they were told
that the representative republic was a
i failure; that their liberty was imaginary.
I and that paternalism was the only solu
i tion for individual right and individual
| liberty.
To undo the work of our American
! founders was the effort of the fusionists.
! The constitution-burner was ready with
! his torch, and the life of American rep
! resentative government depended upon
! the ballot. Gallantly to our aid came
: Democratic statesmen and their loyal fol
lower? who loved and believed in the
work 6f their forefathers— yes, even the
! Democratic strict constructionists of Fed
eral power, seeing the peril, dashed val
1 iantly to our assistance. The ballot de
1 cided the issue and the American consti
tution— which bad defied the sword and
I musket — triumphed over the ballots of the
fusionists, thrrmgh the intelligence of the
American electors. (Long continued ap
plause).
Fellow citizens, the constitution-de
stroyer is once more in rebellion. The
contest of 1896. in a crude form, is to be
waged again in this State. We have one
new socialistic issue to mcct — the sinple
tax system of the leader of the fusionists;
a system that was disastrously defeated.
with its founder, by the people of the
United States in 1887. (Applause).
In this contest, as in 1896, we trust in
the reason of American electors as op
posed to passion and prejudice — in the
love of Americans for American institu
tions—in American respect for courts of
justice— in fine, we trust the issue to the
clear heads and brave hearts of all
Americans who adore their flay, revere
the constitution and believe in the rights
of personal liberty and of private prop
erty, vested through the just and equal
administration of American law. (Pto
longed applause and cheers).
LE BRETON'S
LONG KNIFE
FOB SIEBE
A Non-Partisan Row
Explained.
CAUSE OF THE AGITATION
TEN MILLION DOLLARS ADDED
TO TH.t: ASSESSMENT ROLL.
The Institution of Which Mr. L«
Breton Is President Had to
Stand a Raise of
$340,000.
Since Supervisor Dodge's picture in
the Non-Partisan gallery was turned
to the wall and that of John Siebe f'jr
Assessor displayed, Edward J. L.c Bre
ton has been anything but happy. Of
all the long knives flourished in this
municipal contest the one that Le Bre
ton has out for Siebe is the longest and
sharpest.
Among the Non-Partisans are many
of the smoothest of the old-time poli
ticians, and they know that something
more than political revenge Inspired the
onset of Le Breton. It is not difficult
to trace the cause of the Le Breton dis
content. In 1896 Mr. Siebe, as Asses
sor, followed the suggestion of the
State Board of Equalization, and added
to the personal property roll about ten
million dollars of solvent credits, rep.,
resenting the value of loans on stocks
and bonds. This addition to the roll
increased the assessment of the French
Savings Bank, of which Mr. Le Breton
is president, to the extent of $340,UUD.
Other banks were proportionately in
creased according to the amount loaned
on stocks and bonds, but the mana
gers of the other institutions were will
ing to abide by the decision of the
courts on the legality of the Assessor's
action. The slow process of the law
was not suited to the Le Breton notion
of civil administration. The Superior
Court, however, has determined that
the assessment of the solvent credits
was correct according to the constitu
tion, and the question is now on ap
peal before the Supreme Court of the
State.
Whatever opinion the members of the
Board of Equalization may have enter
tained on the question of whether
stocks and bonds were assessable, they
had no doubt that a solvent credit, cre
ated on a loan for which the stocks
and bonds stood as security, was as
sessable and should be taxed. When
Mr. Siebe increased the assessment roll
to embrace property of this kind he re
sponded to a sentiment in the commun
ity that there should be no privileged
classes In the matter of tax paying.
In 1896, when the increase was made
by the assessment of such solvent
credits, there was a great outcry and
some of the bankers fancied that the
ruling' of the Assessor was contrary to
the law. After reflection the interested
parties decided to appeal to the courts
for Justice, and there the question now
rests. Mr. Le Breton Is accredited
with saying that he does not entertain
a feeling of personal hostility toward
Assessor Siebe, but the politicians of
the Non-Partisan convention, and they
are apt ones, aver that Le Breton is
out for revenge on Siebe, courts or no
courts. They fancy that Le Breton in
tends to punish Siebe for following the
repeated directions or suggestions of
the State Board of Equalization.
The ordinary every-day taxpayers
who do not arrogate to themselves all
the virtues of the world are surprised
that the pure and lofty Non-Partisans
should engage In an effort to punish a
public officer for performing his plain
duty. So far as John Siebe is con
cerned, he gained the indorsement of
the convention. He does not want to
reopen the controversy, and his friends
are not anxious that It should be re
opened, but the people who heard the
roars of the discontented capitalist are
inquiring as to the cause of the agita
tion in the Fitch-Phelan convention.
So far as can be ascertained. Assessor
Siebe's ruling In 1K96 caused the Le
Breton agitation of IS9B.
Pledged to Support Lane.
At a large meeting of the West of Cas
tro Street Improvement Club held on
Wednesday evening the following reso
lution was unanimously adopted by a ris
ing vote:
"Whereas, Franklin K. Lane, now a
candidate, for the office of City and
County Attorney, represented the prop
erty-owners of this district in defense of
their homes against the attacks of the
Noe claimants; therefore, be it resolved
that we, the members of this organiza
tion, pledge to Mr. Lane our united and
energetic support in appreciation of his
invaluable services to us."
Bead Explorer yon Brenner's ac
count of his interview with a canni
bal chief in next Sunday's Call.
BIG REPUBLICAN RALLY
AT B'NAI B'RITH HALL
Gage, Patton, Kahn, Curry, Murphy and Others
Address a Large and Enthusiastic
Audience.
The Standard-Bearer Delivers Three Telling Speeches
Daring the Evening, in Which He Earnestly
Expounds Some Very Good American
Principles.
One of the larpest and most enthusias
tic district meetings of the campaign was
that held last evening at B'nai B'rith
Hall under the auspices of the
Republicans of the Forty-second and
Forty-third Assembly districts. Gen
eral R. H. Warfleld very ably pre
sided, the Knickerbocker quartet and
a brass band furnished music and the
big audience supplied a large amount of
enthusiasm.
Chairman Warfieid, in modestly stat
ing why he was there, said that while he
was neither in with "the push or the
pull," he had cast his first vote in the
trenches before Petersburg for Lincoln
and had conscientiously voted that, way
ever since.
Julius Kahn, candidate for Congress in
the Fourth District, in a brief and en
tertaining speech to!d of the great en
thusiasm shown at all Republican meet
ings, and concluded that the crowded hail
and confident voters augured well for the
success of the party. He regarded this
campaign as one of vital Importance. It
THREE OF THE MEN WHO SPOKE.
should be made decisive as an indorse
ment of the administration of that able
statesman and patriot, William McKln
ley. Men of all political faiths had
agreed that he was the right man in the
right place in the crisis through which
the country has just passed. It was due
to McKinley that this State should roll
up a grand majority for the Republican
ticket. Referring to the Philippines, Ha
waii, the Pacific cable and Nicaragua
canal, he declared that it was of the ut
most commercial import to California
that Republican Congressmen be returned
to Washington this fall.
"We want more foreign trade," said he,
"carried in American ships, manned by
American sailors. We want a navy sec
ond to none and we have the men to man
them and carry our flag to victory when
ever it is called."
The speaker took occasion to denounce
the efforts that are being made to deceive
the people into the belief that he was
in any way allied to the railroads. Ho
further stated that the railroad Question
appeared to be all the Democratic party
had to stand on, and it had been proved
that that institution was not an issue In
this campaign. The battle cry from now
till November S should be, "California for
progress, prosperity and advancement."
Ex-Judge D. J. Murphy, candidate for
District Attorney, in a well-worded speech
paid a high compliment to the Republican
ticket and platform, and declarod that it
should receive the fullest support of the
people of this State. He referred amid
cheers to Henry T. Gage and Jacob iseff
as two of the most honest and fearless
men in the commonwealth, and said that
the voters would never have cause to re
gret electing them and the balance of the
ticket. In speaking of the local Republi
can ticket and platform, he said that they
were among the best ever put before the
people of this city. The ticket was head
ed by a man against whom slander or
libel was never spoken, and no man could
make a mistake by voting for Charles L.
Fatton. The Republican candidate was a
man who, whether in office or out, would
have as much consideration for the poor
man as for the Nob Hill millionaire.
Judge Murphy closed with some convinc
ing reasons why he should be elected Dis
trict Attorney.
When Charles L. Patton stepped to the
rostrum he was cheered to the echo. Ho
spoke briefly, owing to the failure of his
voice, urging the election of Judge Mur
phy and the ticket as well.
"I have no political record," aaid he.
"I hope I never will be a politician.
Mayor Phelan has been In office two
years. You have observed his course and
know whether it has been good or bad.
However, as leader of a 'convention' he
turned down such men as Freese and
Whelan to further his own ends. As a
politician he has been a success."
Mr. Patton spoke strongly in favor of
the. new charter and told why the city
should own its water works and gas and
electric light plants.
"The water company," said he, "Is
charging us interest on deadwood that
has been accumulating for twenty years
and it is an injustice that ought to be
stopped. I can honestly say that I am
controlled by no political combination — no
bosses; I am no man's man. If I am
elected there will be no man between any
man and mysolf and whatever patronage
may go with the office will be distributed
according to my own ideas of justice and
right."
Jabez Swan sang a clever parody and
Charles F. Curry, candidate for Secretary
of State, made a clever short speech in
which he referred to Maguire as a man
who was "handicapped by his political
idiosyncrasies and damned by the meth
ods of his nomination— who had accepted
any nomination or platform that came
along." fie believed the election would
show that the Democrats wanted their
Democracy like their whisky, "straight."
James H. Barry, Democratic candidate
for Congress, was classified as "a human
centipede with 1006 legs and a sting on
each leg; who would crawl over a man
and hit him with every sting and then
crawl back and make friends with his
victim." The speaker fired some hot shot
at Mayor Phtlan and retired amid great
applause.
Henry T. Gage received an ovation
when he came to the front. Having ad
dressed two meetings during the evening,
he promised a short speech, and kept his
word. He expressed his gratitude for the
eupport given him in the recent conven
tion, referred to the wi.le respect shown
him as the "humble representative of
Republican sentiment," and modestly re
marked that the ticket was a great one,
"with the exception of the head."
In speaking of the manner in which
Democratic papers had criticized his
clothes, boots, hair and grammar, he told
the story of the singing match between
the mocking bird and the crow, in which
a burro was judge, and In which the
mocking bird forfeited his eyes on the
wager. The application of the story was
in the fact that the mocking bird com
plained of nothing except that Its talents
had "been judged by a jackass."
Mr. Gage spoke strongly In favor of the
retention of every foot of soil that had
been won by the valor of our soldiers and
sailors. If the present policy of the Re
publican administration were carried out.
he said, San Francisco would become the
great center of commercial enterprise In
the Western Hemisphere. The Demo
cratic theory was opposed to such ad
vancement and should not prevail.
"I feel confident." he said', "from what
I have seen and heard, that the Republi
can party candidates will be given the
grandest majority ever rolled up in Cali
fornia."
Regarding the designation that he was
"a railroad hireling." he said he con
sidered it a joke, and asserted that if
there was "ever an anti-railroad man It
is he who now addresses you. I never
wanted to tear up tracks or burn depots
—(cheers) — but I am opposed to the inter
ference of railroad corporations or other
corporations in politics. When they do
so Interfere they should be deprived of
their charters. It is a cruel wrong and
dishonest to hold me up to public graze
as being in any way allied to a railroad
corporation." (
In conclusion ho said that he expected
to be elected, and if he was he would
give an administration not controlled by
or pledged to any influence — "one that
would be right and just to all my fellow
creatures."
The meeting concluded with three min
ute speeches by A. B. Treadwell, Judge
Joaehimsen, Thomas Graham, Charles
A. Low, A. C. Worthier, I. J. Truman,
William Deane and Henry N. Clement.
Following are the names of the gentle
men who acted as vice-presidents of the
meeting:
R. Poecht, P. Musner. James Megannon,
W. E. S. Blackburne, George Gordon. Will
iam R. Murton. George Metcalf, William
Morton, F. Klopper, H. Plantz, K. J. Mor
ris, John Stelllng, F. S. Chadbourne, Dr.
Drucker, Dr. Green, J. P. Jackson, Will
iam Marlowe, I. J. Truman Jr., L. H.
Clement. F. J. Gawthorne. F. H. Kelly,
William S. Duval, T. K. Kase, William M.
Madden, D. McPartland, W A. 8. Nlchol-
Bon, A. C. Berthier, William Morriß, J. C.
Skinner, Dr. T. N. L«lb, R. Muller, J. B.
Rlley, F. J. Klngwell. W. W. Montague,
Barry Coleman, J. O'Connor, T. H. Rlordan,
John M. Chretien. W. O. Banks, H. N.
Gray, J. D. Daniels, J. D. Brown, R. C.
Black, M. Harris, W. F. Colman, Fred Con
way, John Lackmann, A. C. Turner. G. D.
Shadburne, John Gray, A. Brlzzalaro. Sam
Cline, S. Hussey, W. E. Stetson, George
— — "
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Are Youßun Down, Exhausted?
■ j. J
TRY
SIR JSELSr™"' MARIAN! WINE
/W^^B' Weak stron fr
lsmi!BEmL'"JL *^l-&. Jeiiiy li Mariani Wine gives power to th»
mllii!^«» i&^^fflfiQZffll ram < strength and elasticity to th«
ill UwP^^^^. '^^^^Mi W f muscles and richness to the blood. 11
nl'liffltiirl sSa«g?^s-Sf^jj soothes, strengthens and sustains th«
\ '^i^^^A I I system and braces body and brain. Pot
ix^y) '^V\^l%a ffl^&Z&K $L^ overworked men, delicate women, siCKly
- — ft. visfiP'""«*Bfi»M^4/v i5fiP'""«*Bfi»M^4/ children it works wonders.
I can certainly add my testimony to To those who win kindly write to MAHIANJ
the virtues of Yin Mariani, which I &£%» ZZfSSftjR&SSi^
have found excellent, and am well traits with indorsements of Emperors. Em.
convinced of Its quality. press. Princes. Cardinals. Archbishops and
„_,'_. TDVIXrr , other Interesting matter.
HENRY IRVING. All DrugKlsts. Avoid Substitution*
Paris — 41 Boulevard Haussrnann; L«ondon — S3 Mortimer street: Montreal Hospital street.
Wilson, W. H. Aussa. F. G. Brown. L.
I-a'azl, James Gaistel. A. Coad, F. G. Hob
recht, J. C. Anderson, Alfred White, D.
Mayer, George Grant. H. Roth. M. Walser,
P. Wagner, T. Mulligan, K. Pillster, C.
J. Mulier, C. W. Wall, J. D. McCarthy.
James Shay, A. L. Saunder, G. Blair, R.
Reed. John Quarrels, J. Wilson, J. F. Gon
zales, J. M. Clune, A. Mann, F. G. Havves,
C. Martin, J. S. Fisher, G. Taconi, H. Zim
merman, J. J. Fogarty, L. F. Schuman, C.
B. Hale, T. Swenson. P. Deveny, E. Cook,
W. Broderlck, D. Beban, H. John, E.
Hanke, C. Sontagg. Ed McLaughlln, Ed
Seaman G. B. Knowles, Robert Martin,
George Hudaon, J. Lelnhart, John Hosmer,
G. H. Williams, J. J. Coftey, Tim Crane,
J. G. Shannon, C. Schafer. S. Brixolari,
M. Vogle. F. Lundqulst, Leon Pennery.
George Bryon. August K-jehler, James Cun
ningham, H. H. Lynch, John Klopensteln,
H. M. Sanders. Henry Koster, Charles
Campbell, a. Eckee, John Llpman, E. D.
Howard, J. B. Richmond, George Carter,
W. J. Crozler, J. W. Howell. L M. Isaacs,
W. T. A. Assman, V. Upton, H. J. Hess,
W. J. Tyson, H. Kennedy, John Schlelff.
A. W, Martin, F. Clifton, Charles Mor'.l,
John Kean, P. Bradley, James Margo, S.
Baker. R. H. Warfleld. C. B. Kin?. 8. W.
Backus. D. H. yon Glahn, O. T. Radloff,
John Rerault, C. A. Danrke, Paul Duardn,
L>r. R. C. Macbeth. G. H. Thompson. E.
Drlen, George Hilton, Sam Kneil. Vie Ben
gulre, H. Larson. F. Clifton. G. Adams. G.
Sellnser. A. S. Hallldie, Harry Hoff. T. B.
Duncan, J. H. Knarstnn, Joseph Marshall,
Martin Brady. /
GAGE, PATTON AND LOUD.
A Rousing Reception Given
Them and Others in the
Forty- Fir?t.
Standing room was at a premium in
Tilton Hall, Union and Octavia streets,
last evening, the occasion being a grand
Republican rally under the auspices of
the Forty-first District Club to greet
Henry T. Gage. Hon. E. F. Loud. Charles
L. Patton and other candidates for office.
There was a band and bonfires, singing
and lots of enthusiasm to make it a pleas
ant gathering. H. C. Flrebaugh presided,
assisted by Secretary J. S. Daley.
When the Republican candidate for
Governor entered the hall he was greeted
with loud applause and cheers. He re
ceived the ovation graciously by saying:
"This ardor Is not displayed for any one
man, but the party that the man repre
sents." While discussing the equality of
men he said that he has always been an
active laborer in his profession, and if he
is honored by election the laboring man
and the capitalist will be treated with
equality and justice. He said that since
his nomination he has been unjustly
treated by his opponents, who declare
that he is a "railroad" man. yet his first
speech in public was against the Central
and Southern Paciric railroads.
The speaker paid his compliments to his
opponent, Maguire, and the single tax
hobby of the latter, and made use of the
unique expression that Maguire or any
one advocating such a theory would not
dare to put his fingers in his ears for fear
that the wheels inside would cut off the
ends. Mr. Gage, in speaking of the rail
road question, advanced the idea that
with the Philippines and Hawaii as a part
of the country's territory, the Nicaragua
canal built, the Siberian railroad con
structed, California will experience such
prosperity as never witnessed in the
world before— and this will dispose of the
railroad "bugaboo" forever. He created
not a little interest by quoting from the
record of Maguire in Congress showing
that the latter had endeavored to put a
single tax rider on the Wilson bill, the
result of which would have been disas
trous to the entire country by taxing the
poor people and leaving untaxed millions
of property in the shape of bonds, stocks,
etc.
Mr. Gage won the hdarts of his audience
by declaring the principles on which he
will conduct the affairs of the State by
saying: "If I am elected 1 will give you
an administration that you will be proud
of — pure, honest, brave, economic, busi
ness-like and not dominated by any rail
road, but satisfactory to all."
Congressman Eugene F. Loud entered
the hall as a welcome friend. He fired a
few hot shots into the pinto camp by
stating that everything that was done in
Congress by the Pacific Coast representa
tives Maguire took to himself the credit
for, while as a fact he was frequently
away from his post of duty playing with
his single tax hobby.
The audience stood up and yelled with
enthusiasm when Charles L. Patton en
tered the hall. His address was short,
but he declared his principles In the same
straightforward manner in which he has
spoken ever since his name was mentioned
for Mayor. He said: "I want your votes
because I will make you as good a Mayor
as you have ever had." His position on
the new charter, dollar limit and payment
of $2 for eight hours' labor to laborers
for the city was clearly set forth fes has
been published.
Among the other speakers were Colonel
Stone, on behalf of H. S. Dibble; T. F.
Graham, for Police Judge: Sig. Bettman,
for Senator; William Deane, for (?ounty
Clerk: C. S. Laumeister, for Railroad
Commissioner; Samuel Guthrie, Judge
Bidwell. B. Fehnemann, and C. P. Curry,
for Secretary of State. The Waterman
Sisters entertained with a number of their
popular songs.
The following named gentlemen acted
as vice-presidents of the meeting:
R. C. Mattison. John Corbett. R. N,
Browne, Ed Vogue. O. A. Folsom, R. F.
Powers, G. F. Daly, A. K. Taylor, W. S.
Johnson, Charles l.urdette. \V. \V. Gilman,
JLip Ellas, William Firebaugh, \V. J. Gl
rarJ, NY. H. Williams, William Smith, John
Osborn Dan O'Connor, William H. Sharp,
John Belaney, R. J. Rice, George White. H.
D Walker, George Folaom. Charles Sage
horn. W. R. Clark, R. Clarke. L. 11. Wtoe
man, E. Woods. J. McQuada, S. Samuels,
W. Alexander Jr., Thomas Poulette. John
Spargo. F. G. Eckhorst, L. C. Pistolesl,
Adolf Trefz L. Lavaront, William Barton,
J W. Wesson, W. H. WharfT. T. T. Bur
nett, F. W. Webster, Chris Hauber, A. N.
Drown, Frank French, H. A. Steffens, J. C.
Campbell, P. Callsen. George R. Sanderson,
C. Schlesslnger. A. B. Ambler. J. D. Grant,
Samuel Guthrie, Eli J. Wilkinson, E. H.
Knight, William F. Alexander, O. D. Bald
win, T. B. Eagan, George W. Vincent. F.
Bossi, A. H. Wells, S. Cormson, E. LAnzen
dorf, J. D. Butterworth, N. Blbo. John Pe
rlflto, John Thompson. R. Brotherton, E.
Cavanaugh. John Lorimer. Fred Lass,
Thomas Evans, Fred H. Koch, John Reich,
John Hogan, R. Herman, J. Brady, L.
Schwabacher, I. N. Walter, James Chad
wick, James F. McGauley, L. H. Kohn, W,
D. Hobgo, Oscar Painter, F. W. Crondall,
H. K. Dewerel, J. Heinz, H. A. Cushing,
J. F. D. Curtis, J. H. Sain. J. A. Holland,
Charles Hblbrook, John V Merrill. L. Scott,
H. C. Dibble, E. P. Dan forth, J. B. Steven
eon, Peter Owens, H. E. Uiw, Horace Da
vis W. C. Burnett Lovell Wh'.te. BUaa A.
White. Al M. Hauser, Ben T. Khnemann,
Claus Spreckels. J. li. Stetson, J. C. Chase,
M. Friedman P. P. Horn. Al Kauffmann,
P. M P.urns. C. C. Burr, R. E. McGlll, H.
M. McGlll. Thomas M. Cluff, Irvine Gra
ham. Eugene Fisher, Frank P. r
WaltPr Mead W. T. Gorham, K. Melrose,
Henry Schultheis, John W. Van Bergen. Ed
A. Van Bergen. Henry Van Rergen. C. B.
Wilzel. Charle? Kaufmann, William Knight,
P. Crowley. Dan Gorham. Henry Raymond.
C. F. W. Voss. Dr. I". W. Lax. E. J. Att
rldge, John C. Rin*on, H. C. Kaiser. W.
Fonda. .'. J. Krdd, F. McDermott. J. S.
Hart, Henry Falck, James Hamilton.
RAILROAD MEN MEET.
Street-Car Employes Listen to
Henry T. Gage and Other
Republican Nominees.
Fully 1000 street railway employes and
their friends filled Washington Hall to
suffocation last night to listen to Henry
T. Gage, Republican nominee for Gover
nor. The meeting was under the aus
pices of the T'nited Railroad Employes
Republican Club, and certainly no more
enthusiastic gathering has assembled dur
ing the present campaign than that of the
knights of the punch and grip. The rail
road band of twenty pieces, tastefully
uniformed and composed entirely of street
railway employes, rendered a number of
patriotic airs during the evening, adding
materially to the enjoyment of the occa
sion. P. J. Manning had charge of the
musical programme, the first number be
ing a song by George Mollne.
A. C. Berthier, Republican nominee for
Recorder, was then introduced and made
a brief speech, after which Jabez Swan
sang a campaign song.
Charles F. Curry, nominee for Secretary
of State, was the second speaker. He
devoted considerable attention to James
D. Phelan, his word picture of that latest
Democratic boss affording much amuse
ment to his hearers.
Julius Kahn, Republican nominee for
Congress, was next called upon. While
he was speaking Chirles L. Patton and
Judge D. J. Murphy entered the-hall. Mr.
Patton was greeted with great enthusi
asm as he made his way to the platform,
the railway men standing on chairs and
cheering while the band played "Yankee
Doodle."
When quiet was restored Mr. Patton
was introduced to the audience. He
spoke briefly, as he had another meeting
to attend in a distant part of the city,
but he availed himself of a recess the
chairman ordered to shake hands with
everybody present.
Police Judee C. A. Low and "W. A.
Deane. nominee for County Clerk, fol
lowed Mr. Patton, and then George Baker,
a conductor on the Mission-street line,
delighted the crowd with a charmingly
rendered ballad.
Judge Murphy was In the midst of a
tribute to the worth of Henry T. Gage
when that gentleman entered the ha)l.
He was instantly recognized and • the
demonstration that greeted the appear
ance of Mr. Patton was renewed. The
cheering continued for several minutes
and loud calls were made for "Gage."
The gubernatorial nominee, however. In
sisted that Judge Murphy finish his ad
dress.
When Mr. Gage arose to speak he
plainly showed the effects of his hard
campaigning. He said he had already
addressed three immense gatherings and
his voice was somewhat the worse for
wear. After answering his opponent's
oft-repeated assertion that he was the
creature of corporation influences Mr.
Gage turned his attention to the doctrine
of the single tax which Judge Maguir*
has so loner and earnestly advocated.
After quoting from the Democratic State
platform wherein it indorses the acts of
the Democratic Senators and Represen
tatives and referring to Maguire's course
in offering an amendment to the Wilson
bill substituting the single tax as a reve
nue measure, Mr. Gage asserted that by
its platform the Democratic party In
dorsed the single tax and the question
therefore became an issue of the cam
paign despite Judge Maguire's assertions
to the contrary.
Mr. Gage proceeded to explain some of
the vagaries of the single tax, and for the
first time many of his hearers learned
what the "confusion" nominee meant by
his "unearned increment." They were not
infatuated with its workings, as explained
by Mr. Gage, and did not hesitate to
voice their disapproval.
After explaining how Judge Maguire
would paralyz^ the mining industry of
the country by his process of confiscation
Mr. Gage stepped down from the plat
form and shook hands with those present
while the band played the "Star-Spangled
Banner."
Julius Kahn Club.
The Julius £ahn Republican clubs of
i the Sixth, Seventh and Ninth precincts of
: the Thirtieth Assembly District met
i Wednesday evening at 478 Tehama street
i and elected the following named officers:
' John T. McGibney, president; James Ma
loney, vice president; Charles Johnson,
second vice president; Emil Heydenrieh',
secretary; William Mayhood, linancial
secretary; J. J. Smith, sergeant-at-arms;
executive committee — John Engsnedt, F.
S. Mead, J. C. Bruce, Charles Locke. John
C. Mellon, J. Long, Sam Meyerdorfer,
i John Meyer, Stephen Cook. William Mm!
! ahan, Emil Heydenrieh and J. T. McGib
ney; campaign committee— N. Harvesten
C. Brady, J. Nolte, O. Jahnsen, C Brand
horst, E. Brandhorst, T. Rau and Samuel
Miller.
I Young Men's Republican League.
The executive committee of the Young
Men's Republican League met Wednesday
evening at 242 O'Farrell street A cam
paign committee was elected to make in
dorsements for the league. The commit
tee consists of the following named mem
bers: F. K. Spencer, A. M. Currie and J.
L. Lounlbus. The secretary reported that
In all the clubs that have associated
themselves with the league there is a to
tal of 3000 members, all pledged to vots
for the nominees of the league.GEN. BARNES
EXPOSES THE
EXAMINER
Sought to Aid Maguire
by Evasion.
A LETTER WAS SUPPRESSED
FALSEHOOD AND MISREPRE
SENTATION.
Petty Methods by Which the Third-
Streot Organ Hopes to
Influence Public
Opinion.
It has remained I ■ a! W. 11.
■
.vhich the
Exam ly the
avalanche of public disfavor that is
-c Maguire as
the leader of the Democratic-Populist-
Sllver Republican hosts. The exact
manner in which the Third-street organ
has this time undertaken to whiten the
ilagruire person by misrepresentation
and the suppression of facts is fully
set forth in the following communica
tion from General Barnes:
Edkor Call: After I noticed in the Ex
aminer of yesterday the parallel column;
displaying my earlier and later statements
about Judge Maguire; I prepared an arti
cle which i requested the manager pro
tern.. in Mr. Lawrence's absence, to pub
lish. In reply to my telephone message
he sent to my ollice a gentleman to whom
1 delivered the manuscript which he said
would be substantially printed. This was
not done. Instead, an interview appeared,
treating the case from t!;e Examiner !
standpoint, accompanied with a fair ;
sketch of my writing table in my private j
office, to which I admitted him. On the ;
table were several photographs, two of t
favorite animals of mine, one of my asso- \
date. D. A. Ryan; and also two photo- j
graphic copies of portraits painted by
Fred Yates. presented to me by the artist i
■when he called to say good-by on his I
recent departure for Japan. I had (com- ■
mended him as a painter to Mr. Hunting- ;
ton, and he had painted my portrait for I
the Bohemian Club. He placed both on j
my table, where they have since re- i
maine To what use the reporter put my j
civility in receiving him any gentleman i
may judge.
The article above referred to and of
•which you request a copy is as follows; I
should bo pleased if you can find space I
for it:
"To the Editor of the Examiner: In an
article under the heading of "James G.
Maguire as seen by General Barnes then
and now,' you produce, with some edi
torial comment, a statement of mine in an
Examiner interview, on October 27. 1537,
tnd a paragraph supposed to be from a
speech ide by me in San Diego, Sep
tember 26, IS9S.
"I desire to say that I affirm both state
ments. I doubtless made both. Each fully
represented my sentiments at the time I
made it. I have not changed my views
except as the change has been reluctantly
forced upon me tv Judge .Maguire him
self.
"At the tima I was interviewed by the
Examiner Judge Maguire had not op
posed with all the mental force at his
command the annexation ot the Hawaiian
Islands. He had not then joined with a
lot of rattle-weeded Democrats and Popu
lists in au attempt in the Fifty-fifth Con
gress to substitute an issue of one hun
dred and fifty million dollars of irredeem
able greenbacks in the place of bonds
bearing three per cent Interest per annum
as proposed by the Republicans, and
which latter financial scheme was finally
adopted by both houses of Congress. He
had not then done all in his power to
create the impression that the issue of
greenbacks was vastly preferable to
bonds, because greenbacks were in the
nature of a non-Interest bearing debt,
while the bonds drew three per cent per
annum interest. He had not at that time
favored the use of non-interest bearing
bonds. He had not then become a Popu
list. Ho had not then addressed his letter
of August 22. IS9S, to the chairman of the
State Central Committee of the People's
party containing the following language:
•' "1 take pleasure in advising you that I
have accepted the platform adopted by
the convention, and herewith return the
same to you. signed as requested by your
committee. • • * Assuring you that I
■will faithfully and earnestly devote my
self to the accomplishment of these com
mon purposes, I remain, sincerely yours,
.^, c " 'JAM' G. MAGUIRE. 1
T.nss State platform reaffirmed the
principles enunciated in the last national
platform of Populist absurdities, and
Judge Maguire was from that day com
mitted to the irrational financial idea of
national money issued by the general Gov
ernment only, as a full legal tender for
ail public and private debts, to be dis
bursed by the Government to the people.
"He committed himself to the doctrine
that there should be no myr<? gold coin
private contracts. He pledged himself to
a graduated income tax. although he
knew that such a tax was unconstitution
al: He committed himself to the prepos
terous proposition that the United States
Government should take possession and
assume ownership of all railways and tel
e-graph lines in the United States. He
demanded that the Government should
retake possession of all lands in the
United States, however acquired by their
owners, whether by patent from the Gov
ernment or mease conveyance from pri
vate individuals, which are in excess of
the actual present needs of the owner to
sustain life. He pledged himself to the
Impracticable scheme of the initiative
and referendum. He declared that th*
salaries of public om'cera, judicial, legis
lative ar.d executive, should not exceed
the average wages of the common laborer.
"He demanded that greenbacks, the con
stitutionality of whose issue was always
more than doubtful, should never be re
tired, and that the present safe national
bank system should be abolished; that
there should be no notes except 'national
money,' which should be easy of distri
bution to those who needed it. He de
manded that the United States should
never, hereafter, issue any Interest bear- :
Ing bonds, no matter under what condi
tions or under what pressing necessity,
thougn he know they were the only clas.s
of securities that could be put upon the
money markets of the world
"He demanded the immediate fore
closure o. liens of the Government on the
Central Pacific and Western railroads,
though he knew that Senator Morgan of
Alabama and Senator White of Califor
nia id agreed upon a measure for the
disposition of the railroad debts to the
Government, which had unanimously
passed the Senate and went through the
House of Representatives without Mr
Magulre's objection.
"He demanded the repeal of the polltax
law and a constitutional amendment per
mitting counties and municipalities to
choose their own methods of taxation for
local purposes, which, as he himself de
clared to the Examiner on November 6
ISOS, is the first step toward single tax!
fend, at the same time, declared that with
a constitutional amendment covering
this .position the battle would be on in
earnest.
"Judge Maguire had not then, to my
Knowledge, in the course of a speech de
livered in the House of Representatives
January 27, 1597. on the immigration re
striction bill, declared that the exclusion
from the United States of anarchists, ho
c.alist.s and nihilists was not desirable,
itf had not then, to my knowledge, said
tnat these disturbing and dangerous men
are generally educated men, many of
mem holding university degrees, whose
' SS en k? k , cons sta of resistance to tyran
ny, which, in the conditions under which
they live, la obedience to God. Who are
p,! c ! "f ? Thty are the democrats of
most h, i' " arV , struggling against ai
■JJS P rM Odd . s to « Btabllsb the In
as itf^r-t h ht ? ° f man in that country
of div^ UJht tyn "' nv an « false pretense
"Hn h^i K n f° n , the part of the Czar
n«iin*.rt hi£« t ,/ hen - to m >' knowledrre.
qu.iHaed himself ior admission to any
anarchistic and nihilistic circle in Europe
?ion de a C nn ii d re mm U rder SymPathy wlth -sasslna^
t ' 'I^ hen t T * S r° ke of ,J lim ln October, 1597
I a" 4 not fuhy considered or come to un-,
derstand the revolutionary doctrines un
derlying the proposition of. the 'single
tax,' and, strange as it may seem. I aid
not know to what extent Judge Maguire
*'en its apostle. I div not then un
derstand his character well enough to be
ileve that he would go through this State
personally denouncing me as a tool and
slave of the Southern Pacific Company,
and as one who was a Republican simply
because the law department of that c r
poration so ordered. I did not know that
.• would wander about denouncing me as
a mobocrat who had incited his C
citizens to acts of violence and murder
when he knew there was not the slightest
vestige of truth in his statement. But
Judge Maguire's statements with respect
to me are of very small consequence.
"I am opposing his aspirations for the
office of Governor of this State by ri
of the facts above stated, and Judre Ma
gruire would never h.ive had a kindly
word, politically, from mo if I had known
then what I know n >w. Fours, truly.
"W. 11. 1,. BARNES."
MAGUIRES MOVEMENTS.
Arrangements Made for a Democratic
Mass Meeting To-Night at
Woodward's Pavilion.
Judge Maguh- . Ity yester
day from San Rafael. He spent the day
•it his office, and at 5;30 p. m. loft for Red
wood City.
The arrangements are about completed
for the receptioi j Maguire by the
Qts of the Maguire clubs at the Uni
.l Stanford
Jr. University, i . at Woodward's
Pavilion this eve
At T:C't p. m. J'.:«'se Masruire, accom
panied by • the president
of the evei . Applewhite, who
• will make the ddress on behalf
of the Stanford University; the committee
■•a both universities
ard : Is will leave the
W opdward's Pavi
lion. J I and William Craig,
press from the Fourth
and : ■ : lively; William
M. I • ' : Railroad Com
niiss John P. Dunn. candidate
izatlon, will ride in a
. :..- unit >rmed ci>: ;>>
tral Club, carrying
C rm an escort. There will
red Mre and a display
a!on?' the line of a
tion of several of the Ma
march to the pavilion in a '
Iward'a l'avi'.ion was being decor-
In the colors of the two
I thi ■ . le-iooklng struc
i very artist
by tne students and
friends, there will be no reserved
seats.
-c->r White will sp-->ak at Metropoli
tan Hall Saturday evening.
9 Hub had perfected its ar
ments yesterday for the bar
• n at San Leandro on Sunday, i
' -,-uire will informally spend a
part of the day with the braves.
The committee In charge of the local
Democratic campaign is making cli
ate preparations for the ratification meet
ing to be held in Metropolitan Temple \
\- Tuesday evening. It is intended to i
have all the municipal and legislative
nominees present. Mayor Phelan and
many of them will make short addr
The Union campaign committee will be
represented by State speakers.
CAPTAIN HACKETT HAS
FILED HIS PETITION
TO OPPOSE DALTON FOR THE
OFFICE OF ASSESSOR.
Cuvellier Sounds the First Note of
the Municipal Spring
Campaign.
Oakland Office San Francisco Cali.
. ay, Oct. 6.
The first petition of an independent can
didat- tion honors was tiled to
;. Captain John Hackett." There are
mes on the captain's petition, and he
smvs they were all obtained in a couple of
days. He names as his purity committee
\v. L. Lem- -;. J.hi- M English, braak
Scnram. Charles E. Quigley and Council
man Brosnahan.
Captain Hackett is the Democratic can
of that party
declaring that the fusion arrangement was
not acceptable to them. It was rirst mi
i to try to Induce John L. Davie to
run against the Republican nominee,
Henry P. DaJton, but Mr. Davie declined.
am Hackett even agreed to pay half
of Davie's campaigning expenses, but
when Davie was obdurate the captain de
to make the run himself.
Con Brosnahan, who is one of the cap
tain's purity committee, is the ex-chair
man of the Democratic County Central
Committee t and he has always been op
posed to tusion. He declares that the
nomination of a Republican for Assessor
by the Silver Republicans was a trick and
that the Democrats will not stand for it.
Captain Hackett was once in the Council.
Already the ghost of the municipal
campaign next spring has arisen, and B.
C. Cuvelller has announced that he is a
candidate to succeed himself as Council
man. It has been reported that Mr. Cu
veiller would seek to be elected as a
School Director, but this he denies in a
statement, part of which reads:
••I want it distinctly understood that I
have no political ambition in the direc
tion of the Board of Education; but I
would like to go back to tne City Coun
cil for another term if my course as a
public servant meets with the approval
"of my constituents; and as my triend,
Mr. Upton, seems to have made up his
mind not to seek re-election, I shall en
c.«-fivor to secure the nomination for
Councilman from the Third Ward on the
Republican ticket."
To-morrow evening the Army and Navy
Republican League will meet at Becker's
Hail.
At the laj-t meeting of the league a
communication was received, containing
*nrt;--;v.ne names, constituting the mem
bership of Dewey Club No. 19. Army and
Navy League, requesting the withdrawal
nt the names from the membership roll.
Upon investigation of the roll book it was
found that eleven of the parties were not
members of the league, one name was
duplicated and one claimed to have been
i'orfc-'o. The request was ordered granted
to lho«;€ entitk-d thereto, and the adju
tant instructed to so inform Dewey
Camp
♦
THE ELECTION OFFICIALS.
Commissioners Will Appoint 3600
Next Week.
At the m< the Board of Election j
Commissioners yesterday morning lists of
eligible eh ials were submitted
by the various political parties. On Mon
day next the board will commence the
work of selecting from these lists 3600
precinct off.
Registrar Blggy was authorized to pub
lish the proclamation i f an election and
the list of polling pla<
Parker Jones was appointed contidentlal
clerk of the board at a salary of $125 per
month.
Registrar Blpgy called attention to the
fact that the register would be printed
on the 12th inst. Any voter who changes
nis residence after that date will lose his
vote.
Richmond Independents.
An enthusiastic meeting was held on
Clement street, near Fifth avenue, last
evening by the resident voters of Rich
mond District. An independent political
club was organized and the following
elected officers: President. W. T. Lyon;
secretary, Alfred A. Smith; sergeant at
arms. Jerry Sullivan; executive commit
tee. A. A. Smith, J. McMahon. W. T.
Kenney, W. T. l>yon. James Fitzgerald,
E. Bervean, John Welch, Charles Mat
thews and F. J. Thornton. The object of
the club Is to Indorse candidates for the
coming election. About 200 residents
signed the roll. A mass-meeting will be
held in Richmond Hall Saturday evening,
October 15.
Organized a W. A. Deane Club.
The William A. Deane Club of the For
tieth Assembly District met in Franklin
Hall last evening and effected permanent
organization. The following named offi
cers wero elected: President, A. J. Mc-
Donald; vice-president, J. J. Marston;
;iry, G. W. To<>hy; corresponding
secretary. R. B. Snowgrass; treasurer. K.
J. Roach; sergeant-nt-arms, W. Taylor;
executive committee — C. EL Mahoney, Al
bert l>alb, John Olsen, Charles T. Roach
and Charles F. Rehn.
Read Explorer yon Brenner's ac
count of his interview with a canni
bal chief in next Sunday's CalL
v THE SAX FRANCISCO CjVLL, FBIBAY, OCTOBEE 7, 1898.
NOMINATIONS
OF POPULISTS
UNCOMPLETED
The Municipal Ticket
Is Filled.
REPUBLICANS ON THE LIST
A DELEGATE OBJECTS TO THE
CHOICE FOR AUDITOR.
Convention Will Meet Again This
Evening to Select the Names
for the Legislative
Ticket.
The County Convention of the People's
party completed its municipal ticket last
night in Scottish Hall. The report of the
committee on candidates was not inter
fered with as the names recommended
were In each instance nominated.
The only opposition to a nominee was
when tho name of John H. Grady
for Auditor was submitted. John V
a delegate who is slightly deaf, or ap
peared to be b•, r * and protested
against the nomination. "I oppose him."
. said Warren, "because I know that he La
I an unconvicted perjurer." There was a
i general howl from the other delegates and
Chairman Miller yelled to Warren that he
; must not indulge in personalities. War
'■ ren did not catch the chairman's remark
and the ehaitman yelled the louder amid
the cheers of the delegates. Warren
thereupon took his seat.
Several Republicans were nominated,
but the majority of thtj nominees were
Democrats. Among the Republicans were
John D. Siebe for Assessor, U\ F. Fita
gerald for City and County Attorney, Da
vis Louderback for Superior Judge. G. E.
Groezinger and Joseph E. Harry fur Jus
of the Peace, and Albert Heyer for
Supervisor from the Ninth Ward.
After the report of the committee on
candidates had been submitted and adopt
ed nominations were proceeded with in
the following order:
Tax Collei tor— James M. Block. Demo
crat, by acclamation. Au.'iitor— John 11.
Grady, Democrat, only or..- dissentient.
--or- John D. S iblican, by
acclamation. Sheriff— T. F. Bonnet.
Democrat, received li'S votes and Henry
S. Martin, Republican, I*s votes. Treas
urer— Si. Greenblatt, Democrat. b\ ac
clamation. Recorder— Michael Me
Democrat, by acclamation. County
Clerk — J-'hn A. Brown. Democrat, 131
W. A. Deane. Republican. 1" ■
City ap-d County Attorney — W. F. Fitz
i. Republican, by acclamation.
! S ols— James Denman,
Democrat, by acclamation. Superior
Judges— Rhodes Borden, Democrat
votes; Davis Louderback, Republican, MM
votes; w. T. Wallace, Democrat, 102
votes; Frank J. Murasky, Democi
votes: and J. B. Carson, Republican, !':♦
The first three were nominated,
and Rhodes Borden was nominated for
the unexpired term. Justices of the
Peare— <;. M. Cabaniss, Democrat; Hull
McClaughry, Democrat; < ;. i . Groezinger,
Republican; and Joseph B. Harry. Repub
lican; by o ' :\. Supervisors— First
Ward. Dr. E. 1?. W. Leland, Democrat,
Edward Holland, Republican,
30 voti E : i Ward— Stewart Men- ■
zies. Democrat, 114 votes; I". C. K.
Republican, ~2 votes. Fifth Ward-Isi
dore Gutte, Dem -rat ill votes; W. F.
Phelps, Republican. . " ;. Eighth
Ward— Julius Platshek. Democrat, 111
votes; George W. Collins. Republican, 33
votes. Ninth Ward— Albert Heyer. Re
publican, by acclamation. School Direc- ;
tors— Francis Polk, J. B. Cole, Abner
Eichler T. F. Keefe, A. A. Cavas
John Conlan, H. M. Holbrook, H. V.
Brandenstein. George E. Armstrong. J.
W. B. Maxwell, J. M. Thomas and W. M.
Conneli. Seven are Democrats and live ',
Republicans.
George Smith, a straight Populist, was
put in nomination for S I the
Eighteenth District, but no action was
taken. The chairman appointed Del' .
Kinne, Glllespie, Hubbai :. i"- • and M —
kin a committee on purity of elections. .V
■■'■ v ..s adopted that any candidate
who failed to comply with the demands
of the campaign committee should be re- i
moved from the ticket.
The convention adjourned to meet this
evening at the Labor Bureau Hail, :t.» l 2l 2
-Market street.
OPINIONS ON THE
DEMOCRATIC SIDESHOW
THANK J. SYMMES EXPLAINS
WHY HE RESIGNED.
Some Expressions From Delegates
Who Attended the Non-Parti
san Convention.
The Xnn-Partisan convention having
completed its labor of indorsing 1 Demo
cratic candidates for office, the following
opinions relative to the work of that body
as expressed by some of those who at
tended its sessions are timely:
Frank J. Symmes said that he would
prefer net to be quoted regarding his
opinion of the Non-Partisan- convention,
having already openly expressed himself
on the convention, and not wishing to
pose ai? a disgruntled member, lie did
say. however, that "what is honest and
right in an individual is equally honest
and right for an association of Indi
viduals.
"If it is wrong for an Individual to vio
i late an obligation it is a greater wrong
■ In a convention which claims to be trying
; to secure an honest administration of mv
! nlcipal affairs and demands pledges from
! its candidates. Whr-n it was perfectly
j easy for the Non-Partisans to go before
• the people with a good record it was ab
solute folly to publicly violate its own
principles and destroy its own influence.
It is no sin to nominate tr.cn from its own
body, but suicidal to Its influence to do bo
unless they have a clean record. Probably
1 a more experienced man than I am in con
i ventlon work would have presented the
i question In an acceptable way. Had Mr.
Sullivaji proposed my motion it would
surely have carried without discussion.
I would not impugn the motives of any
member of the convention, but there was
an influence there which I have not been
able to understand. All of my friends,
save one, were hypnotized into perfect si
lence. Mind you, I am not disgruntled
just because my motion failed, and. jmt
haps I was silly to resign, but I am dead
sure that nine-tenths of the members of
that convention know that I am right.
"It did provoke m.' to see that the con
vention would build up such a magnificent
platform of professed virtues and then
not only knock out the best cornerstone <>f
it but leave n keg of dynamite in its place
for its enemies to blow up the whole fab
ric—and nil because the sucgr-stion to
cart away the dynamite came from ;i
new member in the ranks*. Men must rise
to broader principles if they expect to se
cure any permanent influence among the
people."
V/. M. Abbott— l will not stultify myself
by going in with the Non-Partisans ngain.
T was not willing to heli"ve it so, but
when the indorpement of Supervisors came
v\> it was so evident the convention was
doing partisan Democratic politics that I
had enough of it. When they got nine of
the twelve and tried hard to get a tenth
I think It is unfair and not non-partisan
by any means. Had they secured that
tr-nth Supervisor there are many who
would have '.eft the meeting.
John R. Hillman— l am well satisfied
with the work of the convention. The
ticket is a strong one. and I believe It
will be so demonstrated on election day. I
Mayor Phelan's administration has given '
such general satisfaction that there Is ■
no good reason why he should not be
eted. I would have liked to have j
seen a few more Republicans on the tick- !
et. but in a large number of cases the
Democrats were to all appearances and I
after careful investigation found to be j
superior to those nominated by the Re- j
publicans, and therefore there are more
of tho former on our ticket. I would, |
however, liked to have seen Fitzgerald
and Louderback given a place.
J. R. Howeil— l accepted an appointment
as a member of the Non-Partisan con
vention several weeks ago in perfect
good faith, for while I have always been
a consistent Republican in national poli
tics, I have always felt at perfect lib
erty to mako my own selection of mu
nicipal candidates regardless of politics.
Concerning the ticket just completed
by the Non-Partisan convention, I am
not prepared at present to express any
opinion on its merits from a Non-Parti
san standpoint.
BRILLIANT CAMPAIGN.
Prospects of Republican Success in
the Sixth Congressional
District.
Among the callers at headquarters of
the Republican State Central Committee
yesterday were R. J. Waters, Republican
nominee for Congress in the Sixth Dis
trict, and the eloquent orator, Will A.
Harris, of Los Angeles. They have just
conculded a speaking tour of the Con
gressional district and are encouraged
over the prospects of Republican success.
The meetings in the northern end of the
district throughout the counties of San
Luis Obitpo, Monterey and Santa Cruz
were quite as large and enthusiastic as
those held in Santa Barbara, Ventura and
Los Angeles counties. At every point old
line Democrats signified a determination
to vote for Republican nominees in pref
erence tv fusionists.
Will A. Harris is one of the gifted ora
tors of the State, and the desire to hear
him is constantly increasing. The fact
that he is a son of a distinguished Con
federate leader and was formerly a Dem
ocrat himself brings many men of his
kind to the Republican rallies. Through
out the district the speakers found a vig
orous sentiment in all parties in favor of
vi holding the administration of Pre-
BlcKlnley and the retention of territory
conquered from Spain by the valor of
American soldiers and sailors.
Some time during the campaign the peo-
San Francisco will have the pleas
ure of listening t<> An address from Mr.
Harris. Engagements at present call him
to Los Ar:L
Henry T. liaen. the Republican nominee
for Governor, and Hon. Romualdo Pa
■ will address the meeting at Metro
politan Temple this evening, to be held
under the tuspices of the Spanish-Anv^
can Republican League. Mr. Gage to
night will u!so a< dress the voters oi ;..-■
Thirty-second Assembly District at the
Potrero Opera ll'v.^e and the voters of
the Thirti.-th District at Athletic Hall,
corner of Sixth and Shipley streets.
To-morrow evening Eugene F. Loud and
Judge K. H Carpenter will address the
■ >dd Fellows' Hal!. Irving ML
Scott will preside at the Odd Fellows'
Hall m<'etinK.
ral w. H. T>. Barnes left the city
noon to address a mass
meeting at Vallejo. He will upeak at San
to-night and at Salinas to-morrow
night.
GAGE WILL SPEAK.
Grand Republican Rally and Mass
Meeting To-Night at Metro
politan Temple.
"What promises to be "one of the largest j
i Republican meetings of the campaign will
take place to-night at Metropolitan Tern- I
| pie. on Fifth street.
The meeting will be held under the aus
pices of the Spanish-American Republi
can League of California and the Repub
lican State Central Committee. Active
rations have been under way for
several days to assure the success of the ;
meeting, and the committee reports that i
a tremendous crowd is expected to-night.
Hon. Henry T. Gage. Republican candi
date for Governor, will be one of the
principal speakers of the evening. The
other speakers of the evening will be: 1
Hon. Charles S. Patton, Julius Kahn. ex-
Governor Romualdo Pacheco. A. B.
Treadwell, I. J. Truman and Charles F.
A de la Torre Jr. will preside. A. W.
Branch will call the meeting to order and
will then introduce the chairman of the
evening A fine band will be in attend
ance, and during the evening selections
and patriotic songs will be rendered by
the following named ladies: Mrs. Bertha ■
Adams, Miss Haiti.- Godair, Miss M. An
geiique Dut.eux, Miss Xeilie O'Rour.<e
and others. - '\ . ■■
The celebrated uniformed drill corps or
the Phoenix Republican Club and several
other organizations will parade in the
evening and will march into the hall. |
There will be reserved seats for ladies,
and all citizens are cordially invited to
attend - *
Gage Volunteers.
The Gage Volunteers held their rppular
weekly meeting on Wednesday evening at
Huff"? Hall, corner Diamond and Chenery
(Streets. The cub indorsed the nominees
of the late convention, particularly A. B.
Treadwell for Police Judge and Martin
Fraglev for Superintendent of Strecis.
The club intend? to have an open-air
meeting seine evening next week.
The Bear Club.
The Bear Clrib held its weekly meeting
last evening at their hall. 121 Eddy street.
The club has a roll of 30) acttve mem
bers, whose Influence will be felt for the
success of the Republican ticket. Many
of the candidates on the Republican mu
nicipal ticket made brief addresses.
Murphy Not a Candidate.
Eugene P. Murphy, who received the
Democratic nomination for Supervisor
from the Ninth Ward, has resigned and
will under no circumstances permit his
name to go on the ticket.
Republican Club Meeting.
A meeting of the "9S" Republican Club
will be held thin evening at Cadets' Hall.
McAllister street, between Polk and
Laricin. Prominent speakers will be
present.
ARIZONA WILL NOT RETURN.
She Will Stop at Honolulu and Go
Back to Manila From There.
The following important order was is
sued" from department headquarters yes
terday afternoon':
Upon the arrival of the United States
transport Arizona at Honolulu. H. 1., the- Dis
trict or Hawaii will be discontinued, the com
manding officer thereof turolnK over all rec
ord." etc pertaining to that district to Colonel
Thomas H. Barber. First New York Volun
teers, commanding Camp McKtnley.
BriKadler General Charles King, U. S. V.,
will then embark on the Arizona for Manila.
1' I with all officers and enlisted men desig
nated In special orders Nos. 11l and US, ourr-nr
series these headquarters, and temporarily de
layed at Honolulu; and Including all others of
the expeditionary forces fit for duty and 1.-ft
at that station by transports other than the
transport Tacoma.
Upon arrival at Manila. Brlpadlor General
King will report to th*» commanding General,
Department of the Pacific.
When General Merriam was in Hono
lulu he established the District of Hawaii,
but the order issued by him yesterday
does aVay with this and makes Hono
lulu simply a garrison under the comnijind
of a regimental commander. From the
order issued it is meant that the Ari
zona will not come any further than
Honolulu. She will return from that port
to Manila.
In the Divorce Courts.
Frederick Reiner has been granted a
divorce from Louisa Reiner on the ground
of desertion.
Emma West has been granted her ap
plication for a divorce from Ernest \V.
West on the ground of desertion.
Theresa Zecl-.r-r has applied for a di
vorce from Henry Zee-he* alleging fail
ure to provide.
Suits for divorce on the ground of cru
elty have been filed by Theresa Frajicis
Lynch against John Lynch. Minnie Bols
rtorff against Charles G. Bolsdorff and
Nellie Watt against David Watt.
Farmers to Meet Merchants.
The State Grange now in session in
Oakland will pay this city a visit to-day.
An excursion will be marie to this side of
the bay and an Inspection of the new
ferry depot wiil ho made. From there the
farmers will go to the site of the proposed
new free public market on Pacific and
Davis streets, and to the wharves adja
cent thereto. In the afternoon a confer
ence will be held in the rooms of the
Chamber of Commerce, at which will be
present represenLatives of the grange,
Chamber »f Commerce. Manufacturers'
ami Producers' Association. Farmers'
Club of this city, Board of Trade and
other industrial and commercial bodies
Hugh Craig of the chamber is to deliver
an address to the visitors, after w lich
the session is to be devoted to discus
sions upon the Nicaragua canal, free
market, transportation and other sub
jects of Interest.
TO REORGANIZE
CALIFORNIA'S
FIGUTIIG FORCE
Governor Budd Gives
Necessary Orders.
THE FIRST WILL BL FIRST
NEW EQUIPMENT FOR THE NEW
MILITIA.
More Than Enough Money Due
From the Government to
iry for New
Arms.
California is to have plenty of martial
glory at home as well as abroad.
Governor Budd :i;;s decided that the
Second Brigade. Is*. G. C, shall be reor
ganized, and has so notified General War
field, so that when the l>oys of the old
"First" pet back from foreign wars with
a prist of tales to tell of deeds done they
will have the boys of the new First to teil
them to, besides a dozen or more oth>.r
regiments.
General Warfield. commanding the Sec
ond Brigade, said last night that the
work of recruiting the Firsi I--- siment had
already begun, and the recruits will be
mustered in by companies as soon as the
minimum quota of fifty is attained.
The Fifth Regiment will follow the First
into the State's service, and then will
come the remaining brigades.
Colonel Giesting ami Majors Jansori and
Margo, who are effecting the reorganiza
tion, say the twelve companies of the
First will have been mustered in at the
end of the six weeks to com-'.
eral Warfield is informed that there
[a more than enough money now due the
I State from the Government to equip
I every regiment in California, and this
will be done, and oniy the best, newest
| equipment issued. The boys will be
i armed with the guns now stored in Be
i nicia barracks.
General Barrett and Colonel Burgin are
now in Washington for the purpose of a
settlement with the Government of the
State's account.
Reorganization will not be delayed by
thr-ir absence. ;.s Assistant Adjutant gen
eral Peeler is acting here in General Bar
rett's stead.
General Warfield has decided that mem
bers of the old First who did not go to
Manila and who desire to re-enlist, shall
have only the balance of their time under
the old enlistment to serve Jn order to
get their exemption.
The general is confident that he will
have no trouble in rapidly recruiting his
whole brigade.
NOT READY TO PROCEED.
The Assault to Murder Case Against
Policeman Kenville Again
Continued.
The case of Policeman Frank J. Ken
ville. charged with assault to murder,
was called in Judge Mogan's court yes
terday morning. Prosecuting Attorney
Splnetti said be was ready to proceed on
behalf of the prosecution, but on behalf
of the defendant it was stated that he
had retained Senator McGowan to repre
sent him. and as he was engaged in tne
Botkin extradition case a continuance was
asked for two weeks. Spinetti oh
to such a loner continuance, and after
i argument the Judge said he would con
tinue the hearing until October 14, but
It must go on then.
The boy Willie Lynch is improving
slowly but surely, and the prosecution
| expects to be able to take his deposition
when the hearing comes up.
School Lumber Steal.
The Grand Jury reached no conclusion
regarding the School Board lumber steal
at 11 o'clock last night. An afternoon
and evening session was devoted exclu
sively to hearing various witnesses and
securing thrlr testimony regarding the
disappearance of the lumber. Alex. Tru
man, Thomas A. Burns and J. O'Brien
were examined. At 10:45 o'clock the jury
asked the prosecutor to retire and a bal
lot was taken. Dame Rumor has it that
the jurors agreed that no indictment was
possible under the circumstances, es
pecially in view of the fact that advice
had been received from the District At
torney that no felony had been com
mitted under the law. It was arranged
that the Grand Jury should meet again
next Saturday morning at 10:30 and the
chances are that a report will be ready
at that time to present to the court.
Gentlemen's Sodality.
On Sunday morning the Gentlemen's
Sodality of the Immaculate Conception
of the Blessed Virgin Mary attached to
St. Ignatius Church will assemble at the
sodality chapel on Hayes street and
march in procession headed by the offi
cers and banners of the society to the
large church, where they will receive
holy communion In a body. It being
Rosary month the ceremony will be un
usually impressive and new members
will be admitted. Members of the So
dalfty Dramatic Club are rehearsing a
high class drama under the leadership <>f
George Hermance and expect to present
it early in November in the theater of St.
Ignatius College on Van Ness avenue.
The proceeds will be given to the Ladies'
Francesca Relief Society.
Bill for State Roads.
A meeting uf the California Good Roads
League was held in the Mills building
I yesterday. The prime intention of the
meeting was to have the league accept
or reject the text of a proposed bill, which
is to he introduced In the next Legisla
ture, the object of which is to provide
; means of disbursing to the best advantage
the 52.000.000 now appropriated for high
way purposes. Nothing could be accom
plished at yesterday's meeting, which was
very stormy in character, out upon the
i State committees threat to report to the
State on October 10. without any reiom
mendations from the league, il v. <ts decid
' ed to meet Saturday and get matters Into
definite shape.
Injured by a Street Car.
William H. McDonald, an aged con
tractor, was knocked down by a street car,
at the corner of Ellis and Mason streets
yesterday afternoon. He attempted to
cross the street to avoid a west-bound car
and was struck by one coming from the
opposite direction, which on account of
the blazing sun he could not see. McDon
ald suys that the motorman did not ring
and that re had no warning whatever.
He was taken to his home. 620 Sutter
street. It is thought that he was severely
iniur^d about the heart, but to what ex
tent has not been determined.
Welcome to Dr. Bethers.
Dr. T. Rethers. captain on the medical
staff of the First Regiment of California
Volunteers, who recently returned from
Manila, is the physician df Court Golden
West of the Foresters of America. Last
night the members of that court tendered
him a welcome home in its hall In the
Alcazar building. Julius Kahn, on behalf
of the court, presented the doctor with
a beautiful silver writi'ijr set.
Judge de Haven On Vacation.
United States District Judge de Haven
left this city yesterday for a thirty days'
vacation at Eureka. Humboldt County
Judge Hav.iey will occupy the bench dur
ing his absence.
Wants Pay for Six Pups.
Leo G. Ratto brought suit in the Jus
tices' Courts yesterday against W. D.
Plowden and Edna Plowden to recover
$100, the alleged value of six Dane pups
which the defendants secured from the
plaintiff.
COUNTERFEITS
WERE PRINTED
IN THIS CIT?
Most Deceptive Bills
Ever Uttered.
GOVERNMENT EXPERTS AT SE«
CLAIM THAT THE INKS AND
PAPER ARE GENUINE.
Five Thousand of the Bogus Hun
dred-Dollar Bills Exchanged
for the Gold of
Klondikers.
Special officers of the United States
secret service, acting in conjunction with
Chief Lees, have traced the origin of the
$100 bills which are such excellent coun
terfeits of the silver certificates issued by
the Government. The imitation is so
close that it can be told from the genuine
only by the application of the acids used
by the officials of the Treasury Depart
ment.
The bills were made in this city, on
Broadway, and the operators are under
police surveillance. Copies of i~e bills
have been turned over to Expert Kytka
of the Police Department. He has ta.\en
enlarged copies of them. These photo
graphs tend to show how skillful were the
men who prepare ~> the bills.
The person who uttered the bills struck,
off 5000 of them and sent them into the
Klondike district. They were readily ex
changed for gold dust, and their falsity
was not discovered until the returning
miners tried to pass them in Portland.
Cash on them was refused, but the vari
ous bank officials agreed to accept them
and send them to the Treasury Depart
ment at Washington for collection.
The banks of this city, following the
precedent of the institutions in the north,
nave refused to handle any bills of that
denomination. The paper is said to be of
Government make, as are also the various
inks, with the exception of that with
which the number is printed. This is of
ordinary quality and cannot withstand
the action of acids.,* The bills are the most
dangerous with which the secret service
officials have ever had to deal.
HIS INJURIES FATAL.
George Keyes Dies in the City and
County Hospital.
George Keyes, a longshoreman, died in
;:>• and County Hospital yesterday
from injuries received during a row with
a man named John Shaughnessy last
Tuesday. The men engaged in a wordy
dispute, which ended in Shaughnessy
striking Keyes, knocking him down. In
falling Keyes fractured his leg in two
places. Shaughnt-ssy was arrested short
ly after the assault and was charged with
rhayhf-m. Hl* victim, after being treated
at the Harbor Hospital, was sent to the
City and County Hospital, where he died
• lay afternoon.
Shaughnessy will be formally charged
with manslaughter to-day.
New Kindergarten Officers.
The Golden Gate Kindergarten Asso
ciation held its annual meeting yesterday
and the following officers were elected for
the ensuing year: Mrs. Lelartd Stanford,
honorary president: Mrs. Phebe A.
Hearst honorary vice president; Mrs. Cy
rus Walker, president: Mr?. Louis Sloss,
first vice president: Mrs. Charles Clay
ton, second vice president; Miss Virginia
Fitch Mlsa Mary L. Browne, secretaries;
Mrs. F. P. Frank, treasurer.
Death of Rev. H. Lounsbury.
Rev. Henry I^ounsbury, at one time ft
prominent divine in the Presbyterian
church, died on the 4th inst. at the King's i
Daughters Home, of which institution he
bad been an inmate for the past four
Chronic heart disease was the ;
cause of his demise. Dr. Lounsbury was
a native of Ov'd. Seneca County. N< w
York, and was 71 years of age. He leaves j
no relatives on thts coast.
Will of W. H. Watson.
The will of William 11. Watson, who
died on the 2Sth ult., was filed for pro
bate yesterday. An estate valued at
$16,300 Is devised to William W. Watson
Jr., G. P. J. Watson and several grand
children. W. M. Hoag and Joseph Win
terburn are named as executors.
Involuntary Manslaughter.
Judge Mogan announced yesterday that
he would hold John J. Heler, the brew
ery teamster, on a charge of involuntary
manslaughter in $2000 bonds. Heier
knocked down and killed Mrs. Isabella
Finhiy at Bush and Larkin streets while
turning the corner with his wagon.
Soldier Sent to Jail.
Dan O'Leary, a member of the Tennes
see regiment, was sentenced by Judg<?
Jli.igan yesterday to pay a fine of $30
with the alternative of thirty days in the
County Jail, for battery upon Mrs. Vesta
Snow. 'keeper of a lodging house on Kear
ny street.
George Kenny Got Married.
George G. Kenny, clerk in the Custom
House, has returned from a thirty days'
vacation trip and honeymoon tour in
Michigan.
ADVEBTISEMEITTS.
"THE HUB,"
(OHAS. KEILUS & CO.), EXCLUSIVE
: Southeast Corner HIGH-GRADE
Kearny and Sutier. CLOTHIERS.
READY.
Fall fashions in Ready-to-wear
Clothes for Men and Young
Men only. Every garment we
show is exclusive in texture
and style. EXCLUSIVE
MEN'S "CLOTHIERS is some-
thing entirely new. We only
know of Men's Clothing —
have nothing else to offer.
Don't you think we can give
you better attention, better
ideas and better
garments by feeing strictly
exclusive ?
Come, try on some of our
clothes.
Suits $10 to $50.
Overcoats $10 to $60.
Trousers $2.50 to $11.
Send for Booklet.
Money back if you want it.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
REPUBLICAN
MEETINGS!
This FRIDAY Evening,
HON. HENRY T. gage,
hon. E. F. loud,
hon. CHAS. l. patton
AND OTHER SPEAKERS
Will Address the People at
ATHLETIC CLUB HALL,
Corner of Sixth and Shipley Streets.
Under the auspices of th» Thirtieth District
i Club.
Also TO-NIGHT at
POTRERO OPERA-HOUSE,
Kentucky Street, Near Solano.
HON. HENRY T. CftGE,
HON. IRVING /V\. SCOTT,
HON. JULIUS KAHN
AND OTHER SPEAKERS
Under the auspices of the Thirty-second Dis-
trict Club.
Uiigu iiiiu iiuii
HON. E. F. LOUD
AND
HON. R. B. carpenter
WILL ADDRESS THE PEOPLE
AT
ODD FELLOWS' HALL,
Corner Seventh and Market Streets, - :
Saturday Evening, Oct. 8.
—
HON. IRVING M. SCOTT
WILL PRESIDE.
CA/VIPAIGN SONGS.
— . —
frank Mclaughlin,
Chairman Republican State Committee.
E. C. HART. Secretary.
WFOR
COUNTY CLERK,
M. A. DEANE,
REGULAR
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
I FOR ASSESSOR,
JOHN D. SIEBE
(PRESENT INCUMBENT).
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
E. L. FITZGERALD
(LABOR COMMISSIONER)
FOR
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR.
| DEMOCRATIC AND POPULIST NOMINEE.
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
■ Aachen and Munich Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF AIX LA CHAPELLE. ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1897, and for th»
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
: per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
i Cash market value of all stocks and
[ bonds owned by company $627,000 00
1 Cash in company's office 604 93
Cash in banks....- ■ 145.423 67
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 1.373 00
Premiums In due course of collection 34.454 27
'< Agents' balances 20.715 33
Total assets J529.609 13
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 15.606 93
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense 19,924 37
1 Losses resisted. including expenses.. 4.684 7*
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning: one year or less $330,523 47:
reinsurance 50 per cent 173.26173
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year. $9T.- 71;
reinsurance pro rata 61,42113
All other demands against the com-
pany '.ITS 63
Total liabilities $273.080 60
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums V*V.*v: $425,487 28
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, leans and from
all other sources 20,103 61
Total Income $415,530 ST
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Ore losses (In-
cluding $15,763 57, losses of pre-
vious years) $110,751 79
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage ' .86.213 53
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 58,730 13 .
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 3.519 61
All other payments and expenditures -88.650 15
Total expenditures $207. 535 11
\l'> Fire.
Losses, incurred during- the year $123,242 24
' Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $41,914,462 $529.717 45
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 20.651.591 243.365 5»
Net amount In force De- .-
cember 31. 1597 ' 35,293,399 447,809 IS
SAM'L~rT WEED,
. Of Weed A Kennedy,
United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January. 1898. /
F. FISHBECK. Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
CESAR BERTHEAU,
3UE A IST A. QEJI?,,
4-23 California Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
W. X. HESS.
KOTART PU3LIO AND ATTOBNET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, itoom 1015, Claus S- kels ISldr.
Telephone Drown 931. .
- Residence. SSI California St., below " Powell,
Ban Francisco..
84
BLANCO BESET
OH ALL SIDES
Grave Problems Require
a Cash Solution.
STRIKE AT THE ARSENAL
AND SPANISH SOLDIERS CLAM
OR FOR BACK PAY.
Peculiar Condition of Affairs at
Havana That May Yet Caus»
Delay in Evacu
ation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, via Key West, Oct. 6.— Six
hundred men, machinists, blacksmiths,
skilled workmen and laborers, have
gone on a strike at the Havana arse
nal, refusing to work unless they are
paid five months' arrears of wages. The
strike began on Monday and no settle
ment has yet been made.
The Spanish cruiser Qonde de Vcna
dito, the gunboat Galieia and the tor
pedo-boat Nueva Espana arc- on the
stocks at the navy-yard undergoing
elaborate repairs, preparatory to their
trip to Spain. The arsenal strike is
liable to delay the evacuation, so far as
the navy is concerned, unless the dif
ferences are soon settled, as the vessels
in their present condition are Quite un
equal to a sea voyage, especially at this
time of the year.
The Spanish authorities continue to
declare their inability to evacuate the
island entirely before the end of Feb
ruary. The Washington Government,
through the American Commissioners,
continues to insist up'>n prompt evacu
ation. The Spaniards say, also, as a
reason for delay, that in addition to
the lack of vessels, a large proportion
of their soldiers are too weak and ill
to undertake the voyage during the
winter season.
General Blanco is beset on all sides
with grave problems requiring a cash
solution. Unfortunately, the Madrid
Government is unprepared to meet
them, and the Captain General is thus
placed in a very delicate position. On
the one hand is the navy-yard strike,
on the other soldiers clamoring lor
back pay. Last week Blanco issued
orders disbanding all the provisional
regiments in certain places, as, for in
stance, at Sancti Spiriius, but the
troops refused to disband unless they
first received their arrears of pay.
Many of them went over to the Cuban
ranks.
It has leaked out that, in his extrem
ity. General Blanco summoned the gov
ernor of the Banco Espanol and called
upon him for an advance of money.
The bank official at fust refused, but
finally yielded to Blaneo's appeal and
agreed to advance $200,000. His weak
ness is seriously condemned, many of
the depositors threatening to withdraw
their deposits.
The commercial condition of the
island, instead of Improving, seems to
be at a complete standstill. The un
disguised corruption in every branch
of the administration fills all minds
with distrust.
There are other ominous clouds on
the horizon that indicate early trou
ble with the Cubans, who are now
openly proclaiming their readiness to
fight to the last drop of blood for abso
lute independence.
Distrust and uncertainty as to the
precise policy of the United States
Government with regard to Cuba keeps
the island in a precarious and unsettled
condition.
Havana is excusably alarmed over
the release of 700 Nanigos, who have
been undergoing sentences in Spain's
penal colonies in Africa. These crimi
nals are mostly murderers, belonging to
the Nanigo societies, whose Initiation
rites demand that the neophyte should
murder the first person he meets in the
street after the ceremony of drinking
the hot blood of a cock. If the feath
ers in the cock's tail are black he must
kill a negro; if white, the victim must.
be a white man, and if yellow, or buff,
then a mulatto or a Chinaman.
These Nanigos have long been a
menace to this city, waging their bat
tles in the streets and nomrnitting: ter
rible crimes. During the last few
years upward of 700 of th'-m have been
arrested and sent to Ceuta. The re
port of their release and probable re
turn to Havana fills the population
with dread.
RAY AT MANZANILLO.
The Colonel Will Proceed to Take
Possession of the City.
HAVANA, Oct. 6.— A dispatch received
this morning from Manzanillo reports the
arrival there of the steamer Reina de los
Angeles, flying the stars and stripes, with
Colonel Henry Ray and 400 United States
troops.
Colonel Ray will receive possession of
the city 10-morrow.
Sewerage Club at Grass Valley.
GRASS VALLEY. Cal., Oct. 6.— At the
November election the question of voting
|40,000 in bonds for sewering the city will
fe submitted to the voters. A strong sen-
Iment exists in its favor, and to promote
s. favorable vote a "sewerage club" has
Been formed, with Mayor Parsons as
President. This city is experiencing a
rapid growth, and the progressive citi
tens contemplate other important im
provements if the sewerage system is
adopted.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by
alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
none.
What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made ; the lat
and alkali not well bal-
anced or not combined.
What is good soap ?
Pears'.
Ail «©rts of stores seti it, especially drag gist*;
all sorts of people use it.
MAP OF THE PILLAGER INDIAN RESERVATION, LEECH LAKE. SHOWING THE FIELD
OF BATTLE BETWEEN GENERAL BACON'S TROOPS AND THE INDIANS.
GENERAt CHIPPEWA
UPRISING FEARED
Continued from First Pago.
gram from the Twin City editors was
the subject of a conference at the
White House this evening between the
President, Secretary Alger and Adju
tant General Corbin. It resulted In the
President giving instructions that
ample reinforcements be sent General
Bacon at once. It is understood that
orders in accordance with these in
structions were sent to St. Paul to
night.
VERY BAD MANAGEMENT.
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 6.— Arthur I.
Pehler, the staff correspondent of the
Journal, wires at 8:30 this morning
from Walker, Minn.: I got in very
late from the expedition on the Flora.
We started out to carry supplies and
rations to the troops. It was very dark
off shore. We signaled for an hour.
Corporal Nettlekoven using the code in
use at Santiago, but either the troops
have been driven inland or there is not
a man of them left. No answering
signal of any sort was received, al
though we lay off and on the whole
length of the headlands.
To land was an impossibility in the
dark, as the reinforcements from
Brainerd had not arrived and there
was only one old Winchester rifle on
the boat. ' Reddy Lazard, captain of
the Flora, is a "dead game" man, and
he would have landed, but there is no
possible doubt that the small force on
the boat would have been annihilated
if this had been done. There were men
on board who preferred to die in an ef
fort at rescue, however futile it might
have been. We had our blankets and
rations for the bluecoats. If any of
them survive they slept last night in
the open. A heavy frost prevailed
there. There is not so much as a cof
fee bean to divide between the whole
command this morning.
At a later date I am going to tell the
whole truth about this expedition. I
never kne%v of such gross mismanage
ment or witnessed such criminal obsti
nacy as has been exhibited here. The
men of Bacon's command were taken
out under conditions that would dis
grace a militia sergeant, were he re
sponsible for them. Every life that
has been lost here is a useless sacri
fice. It broke my heart to see the poor
fellows dropping. Had a proper force
been sent here in the first place not a
shot would have been fired. I have
hopes that Bacon may have intrenched
himself, and that the failure to answer
signals last night was due to his de
termination not to betray his location.
The men had 120 rounds of ammuni
tion each. I hardly think they have
exhausted their supply.
The newspaper correspondents, Brill,
Beaton and Knappen, are still with the
troops. I went with our force deter
mined to save them if possible, but it
was impossible to locate them. Im
mediately on my return from Bear Is
land I sent my chartered steamer with
Gus Botulcu, a friend of the Chippe
was, who has Chippewa blood in his
veins, to pick the newspaper men up if
there is any such thing. He is now on
that mission, and as he is absolutely
fearless I have strong hopes. Unarmed,
ill clad, out of condition, without food
or drink, the press representatives with
Bacon are in desperate straits.
Corporal Nettlekoven, the sharp
shooter, is worth his weight !n gold.
He dropped a couple of bucks over on
the point yesterday evening with his
Krag-Jorgensen at 2000 yards. Both the
Indians were distinctly seen to stagger
and collapse after he had shot at them.
Our fighting preacher is w r orthy of
distinguished mention. After the pilot
was shot and had gone aboard the
Flora, according to the marshal's in
structions, Rev. Mr. Chandler took the
tiller and, with a storm of Winchester
balls whistling around his head,
brought the boat into port.
Tinker, the inspector, took refuge in
the pilot-house. A ball drove through
the woodwork, perforated the inspec
tor's coatsleeve in two places and also
struck him in the leg. My own pilot,
Oscar, who was shot yesterday while
we were off Bear Island, is doing well.
He will recover, as will Harris, the
marshal.
AGENT SUTHERLAND'S STORY.
WALKER, Mmn., Oct. 6.— lndian
Agent Sutherland, who -was in the bat
tle at Sugar Point, gives the following
account of the conflict up to the time
of hip leaving for supplies:
"When the arrest of the two fugi
tives had been accomplished, the In
dians, with a profession of friendship,
showed the Boldiers their tepees and
celled attention to their neatness, all
the time stating 'Me good Indian.'
"General Bacon, who has had great
experience with the Sioux and other
savages, did not take much stock in
these professions of friendship, and or-
A*ruA a. nart of his company to search
THE SA^" FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1898.
the adjoining timber for any lurking
savages, but none were to be seen.
They must have been hidden in thick
underbrush, and those unaccustomed to
searching timber could easily have
been deceived, for it was not ten min
utes after this before the firing had
commenced. Had the Indians not con-
templated a general massacre they
would have fired on the men who were
searching the timber. It was in accord
ance with their treacherous nature to
wait until they had our men at a dis
advantage before they opened fire upon
them, perhaps hoping to kill the whole
number at the first volley.
"These Pillagers are well armed and
are good marksmen, therefore it is
easy to see where they had the advan
tage of the situation at the start. If
our men are not all killed, it is sur
mised that they have gone some dis
tance into the woods, where they would
be safe from a night attack from an
other band of Indians who could have
come suddenly upon them on the lake
shore. If it Is true that the Cass Lake
Indians have gone to assist the Bear
Islanders, the fate of Bacon can be un
derstood."
GREAT ALARM AT CASS LAKE.
CASS LAKE, Minn.. Oct . 6.— The
people in this vicinity are in a state of
grave alarm to-night. They fear' that
Pillager bands may flee north, murder
ing, burning and pillaging as they
come. Men who have been familiar
with the Lake Indians for twenty years
or more, especially the Pillager band,
believe the red men will retreat north
as soon as they find themselves out
numbered. However, troops may be
able to cut off retreat by establishing
a line across the neck of Bear Island at
a point west of the island and which
was the ecene of yesterday's hostilities.
This is considered hardly possible in
view of the fact that the reinforcements
are considered not strong enough to at
tack from the shore and at the same
time guard the rear against retreat.
Another probability is that If the In
dians see a further stand is useless
they may seek to escape north in ca
noes, coming to the head of Leech
Lake, thence into Portage Lake and by
portaging across reach Big Fork and so
escape across to the Canadian bound
ary.
Logging contractors who have camps
along the shores of Leech Lake are
afraid the Indians on their way north
ward will massacre the men and burn
the camps. There are only a few set
tlers in the threatened territory, but
there are a great many logging camps
and hundreds of defenseless loggers and
section men who are ballasting a new
railroad are believed to be in gravp
danger.
If all the Indians that could be lined
up were to side with the Pillagers it is
estimated here that a force of 500 or 600
bucks could be massed against the reg
ulars. There are about 150 Pillager
bucks, about 200 at the agency and
about 200 in the two villages near here.
DESULTORY FIRING ALL NIGHT.
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 6.— A special to
the Journal from Walker, Minn., says:
The third expedition to the Point has
just started. There are fifteen riflemen
on board, picked men. The boat carries
coffee and provisions. The detail is
under the direction of Dr. Camp of
Brainerd, an old Indian fighter, who
never knew the name of fear. The
troops have had nothing to eat since
yesterday at noon. They have not even
had a drink of whisky to sustain vi
tality. The night was dreadfully cold.
Men without blankets must have suf
fered fearfully. Every man in this town
slept all night with a Winchester across
his arm. The gang that came up from
Brainerd under Dr. Camp are about
as determined a lot as I ever saw.
There is going to be an Indian exodus
here as sure as the sun rose this morn
ing. The temper of the soldiers left
here and at the agency is something to
make a man gasp. Lieutenant Humph
rey is counting the minutes until rein
forcements arrive. This command will
probably be relieved when the fresh
troops come and be given a chance at
the enemy.
DEATH AMONG
MANILA TROOPS
MANILA, Oct. 6.— There have been fourteen cases of smallpox
and six deaths from that disease among the American troops
during the past two days. The dead are:
H. M. Powers, First California.
Harry Wheeler, Second Oregon.
Henry Culver, Fourteenth Infantry.
Joseph Saly, George Cooty and Frank Warwick, Thirteenth Min
nesota.
Eight deaths from typhoid fever have also been recorded. Artil
leryman Roach was killed by a sentry on Wednesday night at Tondo.
There was desultory firing about the
headlands above this town all night.
What it was about I cannot discover.
I think the Indians were signaling in
this manner. There were 200 men under
arms here. I have been to the agency
on my way back here. The Indians
here swear that they are friendly. They
may be telling the truth, but I would
not believe a redskin under oath after
what I have learned of him.
DECIDED TO BE GOOD INDIANS.
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 6.— The Jour
nal's Walker special says: There was
a big conference at the agency last
night. Lieutenant Humphrey of the
agency detachment and Dr. Hart, the
agency surgeon, were there, together
with half a dozen bad characters who
had voted in favor of joining the Pil
lagers. Dr. Hart told them that if
they went on the warpath there would
not be a live Indian on Leech Lake in
a week. Lieutenant Humphrey backed
the statement. After several hours'
talk the Indians decided to be good In
dians, at least for the present, but the
assurance may not be worth much.
ALARM INCREASES HOURLY.
CASS LAKE, Minn., Oct. 6.— A1l the
people here that have arms are sleep
ing on their guns to-nigrht, and it is a
pitifully small proportion of the popula
tion. Men began coming in early this
evening with reports of seeing Indians
in parties of five to twelve and all
armed, and appearing as if they were
locking for trouble. As night came on
the reports have continued to come in
and the alarm has Increased. Finally,
business men at 11 o'clock wired a re
quest to Governor Clough for arms and
ammunition for 200 men and for pro
tection in the form of troops. There
is a special train going east that is due
here about 5 a. m., and fears are enter
tained for its safety, as it is not un
likely that the Indians may remove
some of the rails at any point in this
vicinity.
FIFTY DEAD INDIANS.
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 6.— A special to
the Journal from Walker says: "I
have just met an Indian named Mah
Ge Guh 80, who came over from Bear
Island in a canoe at 3 a. m. He says
the loss of the whites is ten killed and
fifteen wounded. He denies that the
troops have been wiped out, but says
the Indians have had the best of it.
Their loss, he claims, does not exceed
rive killed and wounded. The force with
Bacon is probably safe, and more en
couragement is felt about it. I have
other information thafc there are fifty
dead Indians within a mile of the land
ing."
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 6.— The Jour
nal's Walker (Minn.) special says: The
tug Chief with 100 men and a Gatling
gun started for Bog-Ga-Wah-Ge-Shish
Point at 5 o'clock. The men are in a
bad temper and there will be trouble
on the mainland to-night.
The Indians at Leech Lake are being
reinforced by r« s and Red Lake In
dians in large numbers. A general up
rising is certain. We need 1000 men.
APPEAL OF
THE EDITORS
Ask the President to
Send a Large Force
to Subdue the
Indians.
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 6— The
following telegram, which speaks
for Itself, was sent to President
McKinley last evening:
'•To William McKinley, Execu
tive Mansion, Washington: Ad
vices from conservative sources
lead us to believe that a force
of not less than 600 soldiers, pre
ferably 800, should be at once
available at Leech Lake and vi
cinity. We believe suclt a force
is needed, not only to rescue
General Bacon and the survivors
of his command, but properly to
overawe the agency Indians, in
whose professions of friendship
and neutrality no one acquainted
with them puts credence. A gen
eral outbreak at or around
Walker would probably result in
the massacre of many citizens.
In a county so heavily wooded
the present force is, in our judg
ment, w.ioily inadequate. The
gravity of the situation is not
overestimated in the above sug
gestions.
"J. S. Me CLEAN,
"Editor Journal.
"E. K. JOHNSTON,
"Managing Editor of Times.
"C. H. HABLEN,
"Managing Editor Tribune."
This dispatch was sent upon
receipt of advices that an up
rising among the Red Lake and
Cass Lake as well as the
Lake Indians was regarded as
imminent.
AN ENGINEER REPAIR SHOP.
Will Be Fitted Out on the Pacific for
Use by Dewey.
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Engineer-In-
Chief Melville has recommended to Sec
retary Long the equipment of a vessel
on the Pacific Coast as an engineer re
pair ship, similar to the Vulcan, which
has been doing such magnificent service
with the North Atlantic fleet, and more
especially with the late Spanish armored
cruiser Teresa. The vessel to be con
verted on the Pacific Slope is desired for
service with Rear Admiral Dewey's
squadron.
BOYNTQN AND LEE
ON THE STAND
Blame Placed on Their
Subordinates.
JACKSONVILLE IS EXTOLLED
SITE GOOD AND SUPPLIES PLEN
TIFUL.
The Former Consul G-eneral to Cuba
Did Not Believe Inat
He Had Been.
Sidetracked.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 6.— The War
Investigating Commission held two
sessions to-day. In the forenoon Gen
eral H. V. Boynton concluded his tes
timony, and General Fitzhugh Lee was
heard in the afternoon.
General Boynton dwelt upon the
causes of disease at Camp Thomas,
charging the increase toward the close
of the camp to the lack of sufficient
care on the part of the regimental and
brigade commanders in covering the
sinks.
General Lee detailed the conditions
prevailing at the camp at Jacksonville.
He said the site was a good one, the
supplies were plentiful, the men well
taken care of, and added that he had
no complaint to make of_the War De
partment's treatment of his command.
He also took occasion, in reply to a
question put by Captain Howell, to say
that he did not consider that he had
been slighted in the war. He wanted to
go to Havana, and the President had
recently told him that in case it had
been necessary to take Havana by as
sault he had intended to ask him (Gen
eral Lee) to lead the assaulting army.
Governor Beaver read a letter com
plaining of the situation in the Jack
sonville camp, The letter said the
camp was filthy, the bread moldy, the
doctors generally drunk, etc.
"Is that from my command?" Gen
eral Lee asked in evident surprise.
When informed that it was he said
he was astonished and asked for the
name of the author. He said in this
connection that occasional complaints
had come to him, which he examined,
and in every case found them to be un
founded.
"Then," said Governor Beaver, after
some further questioning, "you con
sider yourself in good condition in
every way to start on the expedition to
Cuba? 1 '
"I do," replied General Lee. "Touch
a button and we are prepared even to
go to Madrid."
Captain Howell asked General Lee If
he considered that he had been side
tracked in the campaign.
"I don't think so," replied General
Lee. "I have from time to time seen
something in the newspapers to the
effect that it was not the intention of
the authorities that I should have an
opportunity for active participation In
the campaign. I, of course, had no
claim to go to Santiago or Porto
Rico, aB other officers in the army
ranked me. It was always the under
standing that my corps was organized
for the Havana campaign. I had
some ambition to go there, because I
had not been allowed to stay while I
was there. T wanted to go back with
some men and show our enemies that I
could stay."
He continued by saying that the
President had told him within the past
few days that he had always intended
to send him to Havana, and that in
case there had been an assault on the
city that he should have led it.
He said in conclusion that he knew of
no cases of distress, starvation or
death from any neglect or that was
due to any inefficiency on the part of
the Government officials. He said he
had no complaint to make against the
War Department, and knew of none
of his command who had.
General Greene, who participated In
the Manila campaign, will be heard to
morrow.
RESPONSIBILITY FOR
EMMA GILL'S DEATH
Nancy Guilford Indicted for Murder
in the Second Degree — Her
Two Abettors.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Oct. 6.— Coroner
Doten has completed his inquest into the
death of Emma Gill, whose dismembered
body was found in the Yellow Mill pond a
few days ago, finding that she came to
her death by felonious homicide at the
hands of Nancy Guilford, assisted and
abetted by Alfred Oxley and Rose Dray
ton. The Grand Jury has indicted Nancy
Guilford for murder in the second degree,
which will facilitate her extradition trom
England.
HUDYAN DID If
Yes, HUDYAN is the true nerve-builder.
Many men and women are ready to testify
to that. HUDYAN did it. HUDYAN does
do. HUDYAN cures. Just as certain as
you are a foot high, so certain will HUDYAN
cure you.
HUDYAN cures Nervous Weakness, Men-
tal Depression, Hysteria, Numbness, Tremb-
ling, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Pains in the
Shoulder, Pains Up and Down the Backbone.
HUDYAN cures Nervousness, Melancholia,
Nervous Debility, Exhausted Nerve Vitality.
HUDYAN cures Sleeplessness, Palpitation of
the Heart, Sick Headache, Indigestion, Loss
of Appetite. HUDYAN cures. Call or
write for free circulars.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Ellis, Stockton and Market Sts. #
SAN FRANCISCO. CAU
ADVEBTISEMENTS. _^
§ xJIL-A.Battle My^BnlonJ ©
S^b^n 'Bull. — Let's form an alliance. £j
§ Uncle Sam,— All right, John— have a chew of my Battle Ax. X
The most solid and enduring alliance is one that S
(1 is founded on the qualities of sincerity and worth, Z
H together with mutual respect. ft
A is allied, in the minds of millions of men who chew S
© it, with these qualities and it is respected by all. 2
© Will you join this alliance ? JO cents at nearest @
§Will you do it. alliance ? JO cents at nearest &
store will do it.
§ Oemember the name I
S l \ when you buy again. ©
G©©®o©®®©©©Qo©©©©©€©o©®©@
BAILBO AD TRAVEL.
tmriiKuv r a curio tOKI'ASI.
(PAUiriC IjVSTBM.)
Trains |«nt« nml urn due la nrrlvo alt
NAN ritAXCINCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
have ' — From 6bpt. 39, 1898. — arrive
•O:OOa Niles. San Jose and Way SUtion*... ♦»:45a
?:Ooa Bcnicl*. Snisun and Sv-ramento 10:45 a
i:««A Marys Orovilleand B«ddiug via
Woodland 3:4.-Jr
7jooa Elrcira, Vaoarille and Rumsey S:4ap
7:30 a. Martinez. Sun l: ,:i...-,. Kaps,
1 CalUtoga and Santa. Roe* C:l3p
8:OOa Atlantic lixpress, Og.len and Hast.. B:J3f.
Si»Oa Sau Jose, Ktucktoii. Valley .Spring,
- Ion:-, Sacramento, Mitrjrs»llle, £>j.?Tc.
Chico, Teh*u,a and Re.l ulult 4»l»r
- »:!JO.\ Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown. . 7:1-1'
•*:3oa Milton •7:13:
»:OOa. Martiuea, Tracy, Lathrop, Merced
»nd Fresno 12:15 -
OtOOA Fresno. Ha'r.ers!!<-M. Santa llMrliara.
Los Angeles, Dealing, £1 Paso,
New Orleans and East 6:45p
Fresno, Mendots, Tracy and Mar-
tinez 6i45p
lO:UAa Vallfjn, Martinex and Way Stations »«4»r
•l:«Op B»crameuto Hirer Ste«niprs. •OiOOi
Isuop^'ilcs. San Jose and War Stations... 11:43 a
Han Jose, Nllea and Way Stations... J»: 1
8:00p Kiles, Tracy, Mendota. Hauf urd and
Visalia 4il3p
Livermcre, San Jose, Nilesand Way
Stations Jlojlsa
«iOOr Martinez, flan Itainoit, Vallejo. . \V; ;.",?
Napa, Calistuga, Xl Verano ami
Santa Itosa 0:15*
4ioor Bfiiioia, Vacavllle, Woo ill and.
Knights Ijvndlng, MarygTllle, Oro-
tille ami Suemnmnto IO:SSa
4:'JHIp Haj-wardg, Niles and San Jose 7:45 a
5:OUp Martinez, Tr»cy, Mrr.Jota. Fresno,
Mojave, Banta liarbara and I. on
Au«e!es Bi49a
StOOr Santa Fb Route. Atlantic Kxpres*
forßloJara and K»st 6:13p
0:SOp Niles, Tracy, Lathrep, Meroed and
Fresno
5:30p Stooktou .. 12i1.1p
BHMIi. Knrupaau Mall, Ogilen and I'ast.... «J:4sa
•«:««!• Valleja.... . ........ 12:15p
}7:OOp Vallejo, Port Coat* and Way Sta-
tions ; J»:4:>r
SiOUp Oi'fKcu Kacraineiito. Marys-
vllle. Itetl.lliiK, Portlaml, I'uget
; Swim! ami ICa.it S:l.V<
SAX LKAMtHO AM) lIWWAKHS liO«A!,.
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 3l«lr(»sc, Seminary I.irk, f
SiOOa Fltrlil.iirj;, X! in burst, ..2 : 15*
t9:»OA San Ijcaniirn. South Sun ««"}2'
1O.«mIa l.fiin.tro. FMudillo, 12-I-
t'Ja-»UM ' Lorenzo, Chcrrr « tl:4 \
2:"", llayirard.. /3:4.
4 ;uui . nnng throu t0 N j !eg 7:43j
" ) t From Kileg. \
COAST DIVISION (Narrow «nnge).
(Foot of ilnrkct Street.)
t7i45.\ Santa t'ruz Excursion, Santa Cruz "
and Principal Way Stations JS:«5j-
B:l3ANewark.CeuterTlUe,SanJcise,l i 'eiton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Orui and W5/
Stations 0:50p
*B>lSp Newark. Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Ftlton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations.... •10:30*
4:13p San Jose, Glen wood * War Stations »:20a
a4i!3p Boulder Creek and Saata Cruz jt>:2<>A
CREEK lOUTE FERRY.
'Rom SAN raiKOISCO— rest of Market Street S!Ju 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. J1:QO ;00; 00 13:5:
•4:00 t5:00 •6:00 p.M.
rromOUUMD— Fool of BroadwiT. — "6:00 8:00 10-00 a m
»g:CO »l:00 ta:OO '3:00 t4:00 ,*3:o:p.m
COAST 1)1 VISION (Broad Gauge). ~
(Third and Towneemi StB.) -V
•7:OOa Han Jose ami Way Stutinus (New
Aliuadeu Wednesdays only) I:3OI-
t<i3OA Sunday Excursion for San Jose.
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations 18:331'
»:OO* .Sun .lose, Tres Pinos. HaiiU Cruz
Paoillc <iro»e, Paso Ri)Wes, .San
Luis Olilapo. Guadalupa, Surf ami
.„ ... _I*»'"»o'»'»l Way Stations.. 4:10.
JOMOa San .lose R1..1 Way .Station* •«:«(>.
.V : i*4 A I" 1 i',' Mf> * Ilv! W> ' Stations »8:33 a
, *a:43i- San aiatso, Ueilwood. Menlo Park
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Han .lose
Gilruy, Holllster. Santa Cms,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacilio
li : ?2 p 2 an j°"*-i way RtVtioi.sV.v.v.v.v. "'!!;«'•
•»:BOp San.Toaea».<J Way Rtilloiiß ' " •«•«><>>
•■»«l«i> San Jose a »ri Principal Way SUt!nr.» «:-3.*>
•3:O0p San Jose a., A Principal Way Station* 6:::.-5 ,
« : 2£ p f an • loSt> »_,! Principal Way Stations S:SOj
..« ! »Op San Jose o^,l WaySutioni •.... 7:3(>i
t11»43p San Joss t*d Way 5tat10u5.. ....... 7:HOi-
A for Moniiii** P for AfttfTmon
• inlays •«epr^l ♦ Sundays only ♦ Sati.f ."nys o:,l«
i Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays ar.i! SiimUr
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO,
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run en the Following Time:
Leave San Francisco. s:oo p. m., S.M.T. W.T.F.S.
Arrive Denver .r>:00. r >:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kaneas City. .7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.'IV.Y
Arrive St. Louis 6:13 p. m., T.F.S. S.M.T. "SV
Arrive Chicago 9:00 p. m.. T. F.S. S.M.T. W
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Servo Superior Meals at Very Reason-
able Rates.
YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
li You Travel on the Santa Fo.
SAN FRAHCISCO TICKET OFFICE— §2B MARKET ST,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1520.
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Saorameato Offioe— 2ol J Street.
Baa Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St
__ JRAILBOAI) TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TibaroD Ferry. Foot of Market St.
BAM FRANCISCO "TO SAM RAFAEL.
WEEK DAIS— 7:3O, T;00, ll:00 a. m.; 12.J5,
8"0. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
*t 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at l:U
and 11:30 p. m.
DAYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11.-00 a. m. ; 1:19. IK.
6:00. 6:20 p. m. • • .
SAN - RAFAEL TO SAN - FRANCIiOC ~^ - ■
WEEK DATS— 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. .11:43,
8:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m. . -.<.-i --..-;*>,"•
SUNDAYS— B:JO. 8:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, J:4«.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetxen Park
Mini schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
— June 29, ■
Week Sun- IS9S. Sun- Week
Days, days. Destination. days. Days.
7:80 am S:ooam Novato, 10:40 am B:4»am
J:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, « : 10 pm 10 . 25 am
• :10 pm 6:00 Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:23pm
- Fulton.
7:toaxn Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburs.
Lytton,
Geyservllle.
S pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35pm 8:22 pa
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 am
8:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 air. - ; '■- 10:35 ata
8:00 am GuernevUlo. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm 6:23 pm
7:20 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:lopm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm (:22pm
7 am S :00 am SebastopoL 10:40 am 10:25 am
:30 pm 5:00 pm 7:35pm 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Qey- I
Eerville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale tor •
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
Lake. Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's. River-
side. Llerley 1 * Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights.
Hullville, Booneville. Git's Hot Springs, Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg. Westport. U«a!.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st.. Chronicle bid*.
H C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FKA.NCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. , , ,■-/.
WEEK DAYS— «9:30. 11:00 a. m.; *1:45,
3:45, 5:15, »6:CO. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:80 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »B:OO. *10:00. '11:30 a. m.; n:Uw
3:00. '4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. »6:35. 7:45, *9:30 a. m.; ■ -
•12:20, 2:20. *3:45. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturday at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— C:2O. ♦3:00. ♦10:00, »11:56 a. m •
•1:15. ; •3:10. 4:40, *6:20 p. m.
Trains marked ♦ start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55, 9:40 a. m. :
12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 5:20 p. m. V
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m.; 12:05. 1:20 3-20.
6:00. 6:20 p. m. ■ • ••» * .
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and wat
stations. , ..>. • *
8 a. m. Sundays— Mills and way sta'a.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
■ m VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1. 183 S. -aina win run as follows:
South-bound. ~ I North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Sunday ger.
Daily Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
7:2oam 9:ooam Stockton 8:45 pm 5:40 pm
»:10am 12:50pm Merced 12:50pm 3:sJpra
10:40 anvt 3-50 prn Fresno 9:3oam 2:2opm
11:35 am! 6:45pm Hanford 7:45 am I:2spm
*:«pmill:f.opm Bakersfleld 2:3oam 10:13 am
12:05 pm_ 7:50 pm Visalla 6:4oam 12:55 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points aa required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at I
p. m. dally, excepting Sunday from San Fran-
cisco: at Merced with stages to and from .
finellings. •■- Coulterville. : Yosemlte, etc.; also
with stage . from . Hornltos, Marlposa, etc. ; at
LanUershim with stage to and from . Madera. .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave Ban Francisco, commencing Sunday.
Sept. U. 1S98:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m..
Sundays— 10:00. 11:30 a. ex. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, SL
THOS. COOK A SON, Agents, 611 Marks!
street. San Francisco.
.o^sfs^^tfl Blff f* ls .* non-poisonon»
tSjsSKE^ZT JrQi& J?, medy^ for Gonorrheas,
At%r CCBEt '^k'>4 gleet. Spermatorrhoea!
£;£*£' la l «osd»yi.^a Whites, nnnatnral dis-
4lr-,7 .OuaraatMNi-.. . « charges, or any inflamma-
■«»V not to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
g^ 9 r.Tonu contagion, tion of ,toUc O v II niem-
WSo^FHEEvANS CHEMirii.no. cranes. . Non-astringent.
%gjj^c:NClsNATl,o ESBH Sold by Oraargtata*
Bpg%, V. 3. a. 5 § or sent in plain wrappHL
:^^^^^'f oo:^ 8 bo?^»RESTORATION
OF REGENCY
COMPLETE
The Dowager Empress
Now Rules China.
SITS BOLDLY ON THE THRONE
PREPARING TO PLACE HER SON
IN POWER,
Refugee Kang Makes Some Interest
ing Revelations Concerning
the Plight of the
Emperor.
Sp^Mal Pisi.atch to Thu Call.
LONDON, Oct. 7.— The Peking corre
spondent of the Times, telegraphing on
;>. says:
The restoration of the regency is com
plete. Th ■ ••: receives
the Cabinet «1. ily, seated beside the
■i >e ri I> . and not as formerly,
behind a screen. The Government is
le and reactionary.
The Russians welcome the change as
- their int'uence. The imnie
nge was the im
ling edict ordering officials to abol
ish tl md adopt foreign -
A search of the house of Kang i'u Wei,
the ;■ resulted :;; the discovery
pers proving that he was carrying
•■ with the leaders
of the anti-dynastic movement in
Southern <"hina.
- ng correspondeni of the
Times telegraphs the substance of a
Interview he has had with Kang
Wei, the Cantonese rel
h the lat:I at:
Kang Yu Wei Baid that
on June 16 he had a tw audi
\v<,th the E mxioua
• the Russian
5 t.i listen i.' any plan to secure the
■
The Times correspondent continues:
"Kang
tive ministers by :• >ung progressives
and the employment of Englishmen and
American? to • I reforms.
The Emperor admitted the cogency of
rguments, but expre:-.— ~-d hi? regret
move high oilicials
press ] >o wager.
ing then urged his Majesty to
■: his friendship with foreign
artlcularly to secure an
■ Lth England. The Einp--T"r
ealized thai foreign countries
: Insignificant states, and
•hat it was a pity that his
sters had not averted the impend-
X J tr saj s the reaJ ;
■ king is held by Li Luen Yen, a
. ■ uch, and the dowager"!
son, ''hunt; Ming, will proba
be made Emperor.
"On the morning of September IS.
■ - from the
I respectively S
in nr.fi 17. They first r i the j
titles of his position, the Empress
s anper and his fears that he
I be unable to protect his throne,;
- to consult with
to how to p;iv» the
[n the second letter His
'] have commanded you
: the establishment of an
It is strongly against
sorrow which I
tvith ink and pen. You
utside to
devise means to save me without a mo
iy.'
■'K;tnur promi I sited the American
inarj'i Tir- ■ thy Richard, v.horn he
the Hritlsh and
Pir Claude Mc-
Rritish Minister, was at Pel
■ ■ rlcan Minister, Mr.
er, was at SI Shan. Qminotis ru
ere in circulation that day and
fled H waa astonished that
him, and he m
British Government to take prompt
to save the Emperor."
DUNHAM SAID TO
HIM BEES SEEM
Story of a Purser From
Lower California.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FAX DIEGO, Oct. 6.— Purser Martinez
r ,f the steamer St. Denis, which ari
fv:;-i Lower California to-day. Is au
thority for the statement that James C.
Dunham, the Santa Clara County mur
•i In Lower California a
eeks ago.
Dunham, for whom a reward of $10,
offered, dead or alive, has been
reported before on Rood authority as
er California, where the
inacci ■ a offer abundant
chance for hiding. Dun Juan Bareno,
r owner of San Francisquito gold
mines on the gulf, told Purser Martinez
Dunham visited Kan Francisquito
three months ago. He came, he said,
from a ranch In the mountains on the
edge of the desert. Dunham was thin
and weak, as if he had endured great
privations, but for all that he was
mc d, and some persons in the
camp even compared him with a photo
graph of Dunham that they had pre
served.
i'lbiis were laid by a few daring
Mexicans for the man's capture, but lie
evidently got wind of the movement,
for he suddenly disappeared. Ills trail
was taken up by a force of rurales and
is and followed into the ren
m of the desert, north of Snn
FrancJsquito, where for 500 miles there
is not a human habitation. There the
ivaa l<^t. Thp last track of the
mrderer waa at least forty miles from
v i- t earest water, and it is the opinion
<if the Mexicans that he is lying; gome-
In ? h<^ desolate waste, shriveled
and black, ;i victim of a fate far more
horrid;*- than death on the gallows.
CONGREGATIONALIST
LABORS AT STOCKTON
Resolution Calling for a Monster Pa
cific CongTess in 1900 — Direc
tors and Delegates.
STOCKTON. Oct. 6.-Thft moot Import
ant action of the Congregational conven
tion to-day waa the adoption of a resolu
tion calling for a Pacific conference In
1900. All of the delegat«B favored it and
an effort will be ma<le to ascertain the
opinion* of other Stat« bodlfca of the coast
on this question. It Is Intended to make
It one of the largest church gatherings
ever held In the welt.
The affairs of the Congregational Home
Missionary Society occupied an hour,
when Chaplain Rowell presided and Mrs.
E. D. Haven of "Woodland acted as
scribe.
The following were elected directors for
three years: Rev. O. C. Adams of San
Francisco, Rev. W. W. Scudder of Ala
meda and W. H. Crops of Saratoga; .S>>lin
L>. McKee of the Tallant Bank, treasurer;
Mrs. E. D. Haven, recording secretary,
and the Rev. F. B. Perkins, auditor.
The election of delegates to correspond
ing bodies resulted as follows: To the
Congri Association of Southern
rnia, Rev. J. M. McLean; to the
Hawaiian Association, Rev. G. B. Hatch;
to tiie Synod of the Pacific, Rev. 11. M.
Tenney; to the California Methodist Con
e, R< • . W.I! Cross; to the M. E.
. South, X- v. L. D.
Central Bapi st Association. Judge
J. M. Haven; to the Cumberland Presby
od, Krv. Francis Lawson; to
the Oregon Association, Rev. William
K.i.:.:: to the Washington Association,
Rev. H. H. Wykoff; to the rdaho Associa
tion. Rev. V\ "iiliam Atkinson: to the Ari-
Uso< lation, Rev. E. 1 1 Hale; to the
New Mexico Association, Rev. E. D.
Weage; to the Utah Association, Rev. J.
idell.
A memorial to Rev. S. T.. YVeyler.de
i. was read and ordered spread on
the minutes. Rev. C. R Brown and Judge
J M. Haven presented the r< ports ol the
National Council, recently hold in i ort
land. Or.
A committee on missioi ration
was appointed as follows: S. E Patter
son, J. H. Good, W. C C. Cragin, J. 1 .
Mulligan, G. Griffiths, H. E. Banham and
L. Wallace.
Provisional committee for th< next as
tion: H>'\-. G. C \ Wil
liam Rader, Rev. C. Herrington and H.
K. Jewett. „..„,
tj-— William
s M. J !.■ ark, D. i ! isell.
levoted to for
eign mission work n rt by I>r.
Prear - : •>'•" George B.
nd Rev. Henry Fair
of India.
AFSTACHIG HIS
SEER EXECUTED
Shot by the Insurgents
at Malolos.
AGUINALDO IS A FIGUREHEAD
PUT FORWARD BY A KIND OF
REVOLUTIONARY TRUST.
There Are 120 Spanish Prisoners at
Belucan Who are Being Starved
to Death by Filipino
Jailers.
' cah'.o to The Tall nnd the New Tork
Herald i :. IS9S. by Jamea Gor
don Bennett.
MANILA. Oct. 6.— Artachlo, who was
a fellow leader with Agruinaldo in a
tfon, and brought suit
against Agruinaldo for half the money
which was paid by Spain to make
c, has been shm by order of the in
•-. It is d
ful whether Aguinaldo was a consent
ing: party to the execution.
I visited the dictator at Ma
yesterday. I have become convinced
that he is only a figurehead put for
ward by a kind of revolutionary trust
in which a Mestizo named Juan Pa
terno is the moving spirit. I desired to
visit Spanish prisoners at Belucan and
was told frankly by Paterno that even
Aguinaldo could not pive a pass with- ■
out the consent of the Secret Council,
six i! if which are not in the ■
dictator's cabinet. I went armed with
a letter from La garda, the insurgent !
Secretary of State. This letter had no
. tit whatever.
There are 12 h prisoners at
Belucan. They are literally starving.
There are also twenty-four priests who
are held lnc< »i spite the
fact that they are non-combatants.
The insurgent party is becoming more
I disorganized every day. Kn h petty
I chief is setting up a little government
i on his own account, and no one is pay
ing great attention to Aguinaldo's or
ders. The dictator looks and evidently
feels greatly worried over the condi
tions prevailing here, as well as with
the uncertainty attendant unon the re
sult of the meeting in Paris. Paterno
openly advocates independence.
There have been no new cases of
smallpox among the American troops
since Sunday. The disease is now well
■ Trnl. Of twelve cas^s in the
pesthouse eight have died. Private Ed
ward TJraham of the First California
died from typhoid fever to-day.
PETER THE GREAT WINS
THE FUTURITY TROT
Great Surprise for the Talent in Lex-
ington — Sold for $15 in Pools
of $1000.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. 6.— After two
inementa on account of rain, the fall
meeting of the Kentucky Trotting Horse
Breed . latlon began at 10:30 this
morning, with six races on the pro
gramme. The event of the day. the $10,000
futurity for 3-year-old trotters, was quite
a surprise for the talent, being won In
Btraighi heats by Peter the Great, a
Michigan colt, who sold for $lf> In pools of
The favorite, Charley Herr, mad<> a
game fight for every heat, hut was out
footed. The stake wa: wort'ii $7SOO to the
winner, with $300 to his nominator, D. D.
Streator. Kalamazoo, Mich., who still
owns him.
In the 2:09 pace, Searchlight, the won
der of the year, was a prohibitive favor
ite, Belling at |50 to HOO for the field.
The 85000 futurity for 2?year-old trot
ters whs won by The Merchant. Hand
spring, owned by Marcus Daly, and Bo
ralma divided second and third money.
Results:
First race, the Tennessee. Mono, for 2:09 class
pacers— Searchlight won In straight heats.
Time, 2 : O9 V* . 2:11%. 2:11%: Sherman Clay,
Nlcol B, Lena B, Ace, Indiana and Javelin
also started.
Second race, the Futurity, for three-year
old trotter?, value $10,000— Peter the Great won
in straight heats. Time, 2:15%. 2:14%, 2:12%.
Charley Herr, Limerick, Crappina, Jamie T
and J^xie May also started.
Third race, 2:18 ciass. trotting, purse $1000—
Guy won second, third and fifth heats. Sister
Alice won fourth heat. Outing won first heat.
Best time. 2:16%. Surpol. Russell Wood,
Tudor. Chimes, Doris Wllkes, Herobelo and
Oslund L also started.
Fourth race, the Futurity, for two-year-old
trotter* Jsooo— The Merchant won in straight
heats'. Time. 2:20. T:V^i Handspring. Boral
rna. Risky, Kara and Mary Celeste also
■'T'fth' race. The Wilson, purse $2000. for 2:20
class pacing— Lady of the Manor won first,
second and fourth heats. Miss Lo*an won
th?rd heat Best time. 2:0R4. Exploit, Ego
zen Anne Lee, Long Point. Woodland Boy.
Beli Wood and Split Silk also started.
Sixth race purse $2000, for 2:08 class trotting
fuiiflni-hed)— William Perm won first heat in
!1 V Rllma won second heat in 2:11%. Pilot
nAy Tommy Brltton. Kentucky Union. Cap
tain Jnfk, Klamatb, Dan Cupid. Humboldt
Maid .and Fred B also sytcd.
TESLA MINE*- EXPLOSION.
Five Men Seriously Injured, One of
Whom May Die.
STOCKTON, Oct. 6.— Joseph Beeman. a
miner who arrived from the Tesla (Cor
ral Hollow) coal mined, laat evening,
brings news of on explosion of gas In
tunnel No. 1 of that mine at 11:45 a. m.,
Tuesday, resulting in the serious Injury of
five minors, one of whom. Shift Boas
Harrington, may not recover. ; J
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOEEF, 7, IS9B.
FIRST BUTTLE
BEFORE PEACE
COMMISSIONERS
Will Be Fought as to
Philippines.
SPANISH SIDE SQUIRMING
DOES NOT RELISH THE DEMAND
OF UNCLE SAM.
The Dons at Paris Will Not Consent
to Giving Up Luzon Island
and Granting All In
dependence.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, Oct. 6.— lt is pretty generally
believed i>.at the first battle of the
Peace Commission will be fought to
morrow.
Although the members themselves
confess perfect satisfaction with mat
is far as they have so far proe
ress< d, a certain amount of inquietude
is plainly discernible on the Spanish
side. This appears to be undoubtedly
due to the firmness of the Americans.
Report has it that the United States
intends to solve the Philippines diffi
culty by insisting upon the cession of
the whole island of Luzon and upon ab
solute independence of the rest of the
archipelago. This is said to have been
a hard blow for the Spanish commis
sioners. From the few details that have
leaked out, it seems that Spain hoped
to deal with the Philippines upon the
basis established in the protocol— that
is the cession of Manila and one island
for a coaling station. Now as Manila
is the key to the Philippines, the archi
pelago would virtually be under the
■il of the power^olding it— that is
to say the United Su.;es. Spain, there
fore, has no very keen desire to keep
the islands unlor such circumstances,
but at the same time it hoped to sell
them as dearly as possible.
However, this hup.- is being shattered
if it is true that America, while re
taining Luzon, the most Important Is
land in the group, will insist at the
time upon the entire independence
of the other islands. It is said the
Spanish commissioners have received
very definite instructions to refuse their
agreement to a cession of the island of
Luzon unless the United States will as
the entire Philippine debt. As to
the independence of the oth^r islands,
the commissioners are, it appears, to
refuse even to consider it.
;.-, ■• O ne source I heard yesterday
that the American delegates intend dis
g of the Philippine debt question
by the appointment of an arbitration
eommisFi" 1 !.
DR. ADAMS HONORED BY
THE MISSIONARY BOARD
GRAND RAPIDS. Mich., Oct. 6.-The
most Interesting features in to-day's
proceedings by the American Board of
Foreign Missions came in the afternoon
and evening. At the afternoon session
the board, for the first time in the
ty years of its history, elected a
woman, Margaret J. Evans of Minne
to be a member. Miss Evans is
the head of the woman's department in
Carlton College, Minnesota, and has been
there for twenty-five years.
Eleven new members were elected.
The evening feature was an address
by James B. Angell, president of the
Michigan University and ex-Minister to
Turkey. ..».«,
The members observed the Lord s Sup
per this afternoon at the Fountain-street
Baptist Church. The next annual meet
ing, the ninetieth, will be held at Provi
dence, R. I. All officers of the board were
The preacher selected to deliver the an
nual sermon next year is the Rev. G. B.
Adams. D.D., pastor of th^ First Congre
gational Church, San Francisco.
This evening the board was addressed
by President Angel!.
President Lamson delivered his first
annual address. His presidency is recog
nized as worthy of the succession to Dr.
Storrs.
GOVERNOR WOLCOTT
IS RENOMINATED
BOSTON, Oct. 6.— The State convention
of the Republican party was held in
Music Hall to-day. There was a large
esentatlon of delegates, and the pro
ceedings of the session developed along
lines mapped out by the various commit
tees last night. The platform commends
the administration for the conduct of the
war, comments upon the generally favor
able Industrial conditions, reaffirms the
St. Ixjuis platform and indorses the plan
fur a stronger army and navy and re
organization of the National Guard.
Congressman George P. Lawrence of
North Adams presented the name of Gov
ernor Roger Wolcott for rpnomlnation.
The renomination was made by acclama
tion.
Congressman Samuel W. McCall of
Winchester named Lieutenant Governor
William Murray Crane of Dal ton for re
nomination, and Lieutenant Governor
Crane's name was also accepted by ac
clamation.
William M. Olin of Boston, for Secre
tary of State, E. P. Shaw of Newbury
port for state Treasurer and Receiver-
General, John W. Kirn ball of Fltchburg
for Auditor and Hon. 11. E. Knowlton of
New Bedford for Attorney G<»n<-ral, were
likewise nominated by acclamation.
Maguire Invited to Stanford.
STANFORD, Cal., Oct 6.— The Demo
cratic Club of Stafford students this
afternoon met and passed resolutions a-sk
ing Candidate Maguire to appear before
the Stanford League and the students to
morrow.
PRINCE VICTOR
WILL ABDICATE
Chief of the French Imperialists to
Sive Way to His
Brother.
LONDON, Oct. 7.— The Paris corre
spondent of the Dally Mail Pays: I loam
that owing to family and party pressure
Prince "Victor Napoleon, chief of the
French Imperialists, will abdicate in fa
vor of his brother. Prince Louis, who la
regarded as a friend of Emperor Nicho
las.
Prince Louis Napoleon, who is now 24
rears old, is the second son of the late
i'rince Jerome Napoleon. He is a colonel
of the Czarina's Lancers In the Russian
a rmy .
POINT IN THOMAS' FAVOR.
Rifle and Other Articles Found on
the Tramp Were Stolen.
RTCDDINQ, Cal., Oct. 6.— 1-V J. Janssen,
a farmer residing near Fort Reddlnff,
positively idantifled a rifle and uevorul
other articles found in possession of w,
Bouehen, the tramp who was fatally jihot
by Albert Thomas a few days ago, as hay
ing been stolen from his cabin recently.
This, of course, is a great point in favor
of Thomas, who Is charged with the mur
iW of Boughen. he claiming that he Hhot.
the man under the belief that he was try
ing to burglarise his residence.
HIGH JINKS HELD BY
JUNIORS AT STANFORD
Dedication of "The Junior Plug."
Smallest Student as Chief
High Mogul.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 6.—
To-night was junior night at the univer
sity, and that class held full Bway. Near
ly the whole university had gathered .-it
the faculty athletic grounds to witness
the dedication of "The Junior Plug, ' as
It is called— "the orgy of the third-year
tile."
Little Frank Adams, the smallest man
in the university, was Chief High Mogul,
and around his altar gathered the priests
in hideous guise. The jibes, quips and
jokes were strong:, and spared neither
student nor faculty.
Alter the speeches occurred the event
of the evening. At a signal from the High
Chief Mosul the l>ig plug was carried
forward, and so large was It that it took
six strong men to bear it. in its trail
followed the humble worshipers of the
tile. Before the altar it was placed. The
priests had worked themselves to a state
bordering on frenzy, ■■•■-Ming and falling
in fantastic figures, raising their hands
and crying aloud in their mental anguish.
The scene was ludicrous enough then to
keep the larg< audience on the roar, but
when the "frantic poet" came upon the
the strain was all but too great.
His voice was pitched to a treble and
ended In a shriek as he shouted:
"Yes, I do know where I am at, and I
am not talking through my hat."
"You're a liar!" came with a roar from
the interior of the big-bellied plug and to
the utter amazement of the many dear
ladies in the crowd.
THRILLING FEAT
AT IGABA FALLS
Three Young Men Risk
Their Lives.
RECOVER A SUICIDE'S BODY
EARN A REWARD OF A THOU
SAND DOLLARS.
Perilous Undertaking Watched by a
Breathless Crowd on Shore,
Who Cheered the
Exploit.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NIAGARA FALLS, N. V., Oct. 6.—
Fred Preston, his younger brother and
a man named Howard Blake has ac
complished one of the greatest feats of
daring in the history of the fulls, and
incidentally recovered the body of Peter
mm, the Philadelphia millionaire,
: who committed suicide by jumping over
the falls from G< at Island bridge on
September 13.
There was a reward of $1000 for the
body of Schemm, which was needed in
order to collect insurance. Young
Preston, since the reward was offered,
, has camped at -he great whirlpool
r.i -ht and day. With a spyglass he
has watched the floating wreck of
driftwood and dead animals which col
; lecte above the vortex every hour of
I the day.. At night, benumbed with cold
i but with the aid >>f gr^-at fires, he has
watched the swirling of the green
water.
This morning he saw something
which looked like a body. Preston,
who has rescued bodies before, did not
dare swim to the pool— a feat which
he has often accomplished — on account
of the cold. He transported a boat
from Queenstown, and with his com
panions braved the terrible currents of
' the revolving circle of water. It was
1 soon in the middle where a few specta
tors on shore saw a huge black object
i shoot up from u:e gre-n water. It was
' a log held prisoner by the undertow,
! and being sudi enly released sought the
! surface and bumped the boat, but did
not strike it squarely.
Undaunted, the men rowed to the
very verge of the rapidly revolving
mass of drift which is collected over
the vortex. The body was caught in
the limbs of a tree, but the men dis
engaged it and securing it with a rope
started back to the shore. The crowd
cheered. They rowed powerfully and
soon were near the shore, the body of
Schemm towed behind.
It is undoubtedly the body of the mil
lionaire, who committed suicide because
his eyesight was failing him. Several
other bodies have been found, which
weir- thought to be Schemm's remains,
but Investigation showed they werp not.
Fillings in th^ teeth of the remains re
covered to-day make the identification
complete.
DISASTROUS FIRE
RAGED AT HANKOW
Fears That a Thousand Lives Were
Lost — A Square Mile of Prop-
erty Burned.
LONDON, Oct. 7.— According to a spf rial
dispatch from Shanghai a fire on Sunday
at Hankow destroyed over a square mllo
i>f the city, including tlio Government
buildings and temple. It is feared that a
thousand lives were lost.
WAS FRED MILLER MURDERED P
Had Just Sold Klondike Claims for
One Hundred Thousand Dollars.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. s.— There is
considerable doubt as to the cause of the
death of Fred Miller, found drowned at
Claycxjuot, on the west coast of Van
couver lf;la.nd. Those who know him well
discredit the accidental death theory.
Miller was a native of San Francisco.
He was an expert swimmer. He had sold
mining claims for $100,000 just prior to his
death.
Mixed Racing at Boise.
BOISE, Idaho, Oct. 6.— Results of to-day's
races:
Pace and trot— lrma De won second and
third heat*. Hlue Note second. Lady Alfred
third. Best time, 2:24.
Pace and trot. 2:3 i) class— Julia Shake won
In straight heats. Vess second. Wind Splitter
third. Time, 2:26%-
Five furlongs, running— Juva won, Dun
Praise second. Sea Queen third. Time, I:O3Vs.
Five and a half furlongs -I Don't Know won,
Quicksilver second. Bill Howard third. Time.
I:C7V4- Tnls ls said t0 be the Pacific Coast
record for ihe distance.
Six fiirlenef— St- Apollo won, Latah second.
Blue Belle third. Time, 1:16^.
Alta Hotel and Saloon Burned.
DUTCH FLAT STATION, Oct. B.— A flre
at Alta, near here, at 5 p. m. destroyed
the hotel of William Rodgers and "the
saloon of Ed McCue. It was caused by a
defective flue. Rogers had no insurance.
Loss $4000.
Star Pointer Races in 2:03 1-4.
ST. LOUIH, Oct. 6.— Btar Pointer paced
a mllo nsa'.net time to-day at the Fair
Grounds, making It in 2:03>4.
Sir Charles Dilke writes about the
Czar's peace union and the Anglo-
American alliance in next Sunday's
OalL
IN FAVOR OF A
PEACE CONFERENCE
Episcopalians Approve
the Czar's Plan.
THE TRIENNIAL CONVENTION
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENTS
ARE DEFEATED.
Aguinaldo's Agent in This Country
Sends a Communication Ask
ing for Prayers for the
Filipinos.
Special Disiutch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 6. — Morning
prayer for tho delegates to the triennial
convention <.f the Episcopal <huroh was
held at the Chinch of the Epiphany, Rev.
Ijt. McKlm reading the service. Bishop
Gilbert of Minnesota pronounced the
benediction.
Rev. Dr. Morgan Dlx, the president,
called the second day's session of the
House of Deputies to order. Preliminary
routine business occupied an hour. A
number of standing committees were ap
pointed and resolutions and memorials on
deceased members were presented and re
ferred to appropriate committees. Rev.
Dr. Mann of Missouri offered a resolu
tion naming Kansas City, Mo., as the
next place of meeting of the convention.
From Indiana came a resolution express-
Ing the earnest desire of the convention
that the Instructions to the commission
era to be appointed to the International
Peace Conference proposed by the Czar
of Russia shall recommend the establish
ment of a permanent court for the settle
ment of differences by arbitration.
Several resolutions on the question of
marriage and divorce were presented. It
was moved that the discussion of these
questions by the convention be held be
hind closed doors, but some objection
was made to immediate consideration,
and the matter was referred to the cal
endar of business for the consideration
by a committee.
The following communication from
Felipe Agoncillo, the Philippine represen
tative in this country, was read:
To the Honorable and Very Reverend Pres
ident, members and Reverend Secretary Amer
ican Episcopal Church, as 'enabled in triennial
| convention in Washington: We rejoice with
you in the assemblage to-day of your general
convention, and, taking advantage of this sol
emn occasion, we believe it to be our duty
to convey to you our liiuh. consideration and
respect. The exalted American clergy cer
tainly represent Christian morals and holy
charity, virtues which elevate them in the
general esteem. In paying this tribute of ad
miration to the exalted ecclesiastical hierarchy
of North America 1 fulfill our purpose in sup
' pllcatlne you to offer y#ur prayers to the
Most Hit;h, on behalf of the natives of the
Philippine Islands, and In askinc you to do !
all tbat can be done to protect them in this
supreme moment of their history, and to as
sure them their liberty and protected person
ality, to which they are entitled by their
loyalty and their services to the American
cause.
The noble and humanitarian republic of the
United States of North America comes to
I! our work of political and social redemp- j
y. to which they are entitled by their |
ilty and their services to the American j
30. 1
ie noble and humanitarian republic of the
ted States of North America comes to
n our w.irk Of political and social redemp
tion. We are deeply thankrul for the union ;
and amity of the Filipinos and America. May j
they be Imperishable and bear the zeal of t
evangelic brotherhood,- which may be 1m
pressed upon it by the respected prelates as
bled.
The convention then proceeded to the
i consideration of the report on the re
i vision of the constitution.
} The amendments acted upon were those
t adopted by both houses of the general
' convention of 1595 and which require rati
i lication by the next subsequent conven
tion to become operative. The first of
these affected the question of a heading
or title for the constitution, canons, etc.,
of the church, and provided It should
pteil by both houses of the general
vention"of 1895 and which require rati
tion by the next subsequent conven
i to become operative. The first of
Re affected the Question of a heading
title for the constitution, canons, etc.,
:he church, and provided It should be
! as follows:
"Constitution and canons for the gov
1 ernment of that part of the catholic
: church known in America as the Pro
testant Episcopal church in the United
States of America."
The amendment made by the last con
vention incorporated in the title the fol
lowing words: "That portion of the
catholic church known in law as."
The change had few advocates, but
I many opponents, who asserted that the
i change made the title cumbersome and i
1 awkward, that it was unnecessary to de- I
clare that the Episcopalians were a part |
of the catholic church and that some wag :
: would soon nickname the Episcopalians I
the "in-law" church. The amendment
was defeated by los nays to 3 yeas.
The next amendment, which contem
plated the substitution of article "one"
for articles 1, 2 and 3 of the old con
stitution and which was adopted almost
unanimously by the last convention, was ;
also defeated by a vote of 92 to 17. Mean
time messages had been received from |
the House of Bishops that they had |
adopted both the amendments rejected
by the house, but in each case a motion
was made in the deputies that they re
fuse to concur in the action of the :
bishops and that body was so informed.
In the House of Bishops most of the
time was consumed in the action on the
amendments to the constitution already
referred to. A message of sympathy was
directed to be conveyed to Bishop Nllea
of New Hampshire, who is seriously ill.
Petitions were presented for the creation
of a new diocese in Indiana, and also for
the division of the Japanese district Into
two dioceses.
The afternoon session of the deputies
was consumed In consideration of an
amendment originating with the commit
tee on constitutional revision, which in
corporated In the constitution that provi
sion of the canonical law, which requires
that the selection of Bishops shall l>
sanctioned by a majority of the standing
committees In all dioceses of the church.
It gave rise to interminable dispute and
the deputies adjourned without acting on
it. Most of the speakers favored the
change.
It was announced that the Woman's
Auxiliary, also in convention here, had
reported a collection of $80,400 for mis
sions, about $25,000 more than for the pre
vious year. Adjournment was then taken
until to-morrow.
In the House of Bishops the delegates
commenced the consideration of the
amendments to the canons recommended j
by the committee. Those discussed to
day related mainly to ordination of Bish
ops. To-night the delegates attended a
reception given them by Bishop Satter
lee of Washington..
Notable among the lay delegates are
Chief Justice Fuller of the United States
Supreme Court, who represents the lay
delegation from Chicago; J. Pierpont Mor
gan. William Bayard Cutting, Francis
L.ynde Stetson and Captain A. T. Mahan,
representing New York: George C. Thom
as and James S. Biddle of Philadelphia,
The clergy was represented by many
prominent in the church work of the
country, including Rev. Morgan 1/ix of
New York. WKfßm
At the session yesterday Bishop Whip
pie conducted the service and led the
opening prayers. Then followed the ser
vice of the Episcopal church. Bishop
Neely reading the epistle. Bishop Kilmer
the gospel, and all the Bishops uniting In
repeating the creed. Rev. Dr. McKlm of
the Church of the Epiphany made
the announcement of Dr. Williams'
absence, and that Bishop Whip
pie would preside over the assemblage of
Bishops until a presiding otficer was
chosen.
Bishop Tuttle of Missouri then ascended !
the pulpit and delivered the sermon. He
chose his text from Isaiah, llv:2: "En
large the place of thy tent and let them
stretch forth the curtain of thine habi- ;
tations; spare not, lengthen thy cords,
and strengthen thy stakes."
The House of Bishops organized yester
day by electing Bishop Doane of Albany
as presiding officer and re-electing Rev.
Samuel Hart, D.D., of Hartford, as sec
retary.
Parisian Strikers Rioting.
PARIS Oct. 6.— There were a number of
affrays here to-day between the police
and strikers belonging to the building
trades. The troops are keeping: order in
several districts, and it 18 reported that
a striker has been killed In the Veau
glrad. ________^__
Death of J>r. Giekie.
LONTDON, Got, d,— Kav. Ur. Cunning
ham Oelkle, the well-known religious
commentator and historian, 1b dead.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters. Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any of the Following Firms ?!»■< Mention "The C»1L"
i ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrtlstlc Furniture and flrt Ware Importers.
117 SUTTER STREET.
AUCTIONEERS.
Lire gtorJt V\\ HP ft Cii n M(>rt ''. nr St
Auctioneers. n'LLll U Li\J- San Francisco
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
U'M CfHftCVlVfi Fhlpplne trade supplied.
, TTIH- SWIiUCMWI? 639 Broadway street.
" ~ BELTING.
! P nFfiFV Manufacturer of Belting nnd
L. 1. DCtIEN, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Offioe and Works- 113-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'DDIEV *• CA\JC-Makers and Dealers In
I)Kl£n a oUPlJLamiaus. Hacks. Victoria*.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
St., San Francisco.
CASCA FERRINE BITTERS,
'■ The World's Greatest Tonic. Stomachic, Laxa-
t ive. At all dealers. SIERRA PHARMA-
i CEUTICAL CO., 1517 Market st.
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
©OO BATTERY STREET.
Teiapbone Main i«w
COPPERSMITH.
j.-..T.h Fox. Ftjpt. H. nijrth. Mr-.
i C. W. Smith. Ship Plumbine, Steamboat
«nd Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone. Main 5641.
_____
dentist!
DR. C W RICHARDS, &.*%Jr&*nr.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO. ss o cc n co ssts n tt s da^faY n n a
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SO*.
411-413 California street. r»nr.
Capital Represented over 514, 000.
FLOUR.
i NATIAV4T Flour Mills. J. MartenBt<".n & Co.
; liAllvliAL SW. cor. Battery and Pacific 8t«.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IIC DAVKC X- Ct\ Ehlpplnjr Butcher*. 1M
JA_- HU I _ tU., Clay: Tel. Mam mi
_~ HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co., lmporters Denier*
in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
For winter, for It may begin to rain
any day. Don't wait until you actual-
ly require heavy footwear, but come
: in now and fit a solid pair of service-
■ able shoes that will last you through
| the winter. Have them broken in and
ready to wear. Many a man cripples
himself by changing suddenly from
light summer to heavy winter shoes.
Our stock is complete, Alaska Seal
Box Calf and Winter Russias In every
style, with heavy soles and extension
edges, calf or drill lined. No stock in
this city is so complete, with prices to
suit the times, ranging from $2 50 up-
J ward.
Alaska Seal Shoes, Lace or Con-
gress .$3 00
Alaska Seal Shoes, with Cork Soles
3 50
Black Box Caif ■ Shoe's i'for'.'. '.'.'.'...'. 3 00
Country orders solicited.
Send for Illustrated Catalogue.
B. KATCHINSKI,
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 Third St., San Francisco.
®M!fl/% THE NEW
ortsr ioth D» y . «_»^yjg, iL rnCisvnuß
VITALIS *_»•*• B_ A BCgjßcnY
PROM its THE ABOTK 30th Day. fttalfl kl# 111
RESULTS. It quickly A surely removes Nervousness. Impotency,
Nightly Emissions, Evil Dreams Waiting Pncas« and all effects
of self-abuse or excels and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality, ■
tionftMrM when all otr?e£ fall'^nsist Insanity and :
tion. Cure* when all nthrrs fail. In»»t on haying VITAI.IS.
no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail $1.00
per package or nix for ♦."..<><> with a guarantee to Cure or
leflind the Monrr. Circular free. Address
CAM MET (IKK CO., 884 Dearborn St., CUcsk*
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. 8. F.. and Oakland j
tWONG WOO,
r^9 CHINESE TEA AND HERB
feP 3 SANITARIUM.
:e4-C6CLAYBT., San FraaeisjD.OH
t» All diseaseu • 1 exeluslve-
*s^B^^*<&^V ly by Chinese ?rbs. over 3000
'GWWft" varieties being used. ADVICE;
FREE. Hours. 9.30 to 11 -i. m.. 1 to 3 and 7 to
* p. m.
"DR.M9NDLTYn
nuns VVELL-KNOWX AND reliabt-kolb j
J. Special lstcure* Private, Nervous, anil Blood Dis- '•
eases of Men only. Boole on Private Diseases and i
Weaknesses of 51 en, free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. HounC
to3dal!y;6:3otoB:3oev'gs. Sundays, in to 12. Consul- I
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.or address ■
I>r. P. ROSCOE ifcSCLTY.
26^ Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal.
.s___li^^^fe^^_CJJ
Wrist's Indian VeptaWe Pills |
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who ■
have used them for over rorty years to euro I
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION. Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples
and purify the blood.
Grossman's Specific Mixture :
With this remedy persona can curs thom-
selves without the least exposure, chance of
diet or chance In application t< business. Th»
medicine contains nothing -of the least Injury
to the constitution. Ask your druccist for It. ,
Price. 11 a bottle. '
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HAP.NESS CO.. 211 Larkln at.. S. IT.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all
kinds C Harness and dealers In Barries.
C«rt«. etc. If you want bargains call or writs
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
'ftII&l ft Hunters* Equipments, Fishing
El "I 1.3 V Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. rernl
UUIIO for catalogue. CEO. W. 3HREVB,
IRON FOUNDERS.
' Western Foundry. Morton & Hedley. Prop*..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every D«.
scriptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS. 136 Sutter st.
San Francisco. Telephone Mcm 917.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture blankets. Casslmeres. Tweeda and
Flannels, 635 Market st., San Francisco. Cat.
Goods for sale at all leading dry goods stores.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISB MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital. 14,000.000.
BTZ & CO.. Agent*.
101 California at.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THE RFUNH4RT) Mattress Co.. 6*2 Ulsaios
InC DrnnHAKll st. Telephone Main l«7i.
PAPER DEALERS.
WII I AMPTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
YYILLHIVIIMC 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
Th» Oldest 7lrm iinrt TjXT***t *!rnc*.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE.
KOHLER & CHASE,
M and 30 O'Farrell St.
A col v* of expert tuners and rppalr*rm.
PRINTING.
E- W- riUijllt©»sU Sansome street.
SOAP.
GD I ITrV X- m 123 California street.
. It. LIjLI S VU m room 37. Tel. Main 1681.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tc c^ er ic PARTRIDGE ££?£
THE HICKS- JUDD CO-, sSgy- B^&
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public Welitaer*.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouse*.
General office. no California at. Tel. Main UilC
WALLPAPER.
WHOLE 1 " VLE *• retail: send for samples, stat-
ln< quality & color. DUFFY CO., 928 Howard.
WATCHES. ETC.
TI ITrtfTW Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LLi!l/I» full IS-k. Wrddlnc Rings. I id it.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
CARL F. HAAS manufacturer of wood arti-
cles of any description. Planing, turning, eta.
417 Mission Et.. tel. M. 5927.
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— THE
LONDON
ASSURANCE CORPORATION
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1597. and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of cectlons
610 and 611 of. the Political Code, condci.sed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Loans on bonds and mortgages $28,000 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,964,765 00
Cash in company's office 2,646 93
Cash in banks 13L299 65
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loan? 5.859 59
Premiums in due course of collection 208,966 63
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 15,327 88
Due from "other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 124 01
Cash in hands of special agents 83 80
Total assets 12, 357, 103 IS
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $13,67? 44
Losses In process of adjustment or
In suspense 144.435 73
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 10,890 50
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $605,253 76;
reinsurance E0 per cent 304,141 83
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning: more thnn one year. $378,-
705 47: reinsurance pro rata 456.442 40
Amount reelaimable by the Insured
on perpetual fire Insurance policies 174 80
Gross premiums on marine tlmo
risks: reinsurance 50 per cent 85,033 75
All other demands against the com-
pany 46.511 63
Total liabilities $1,011,109 17
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $891. 0
Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums 363.448 33
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages 1,260 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 76,194 53
Total income $1.331. 81
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $373,463 83
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 265.235 at
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 190.669 51
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 101,538 14,
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 31.733 17
All other payments and expenditures 91.029 74
Total expenditures $1.n*R.872 93
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year...... $405,373 24
Risks and Premiums. FireKlsks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year $128,7"9. $1,091,890 90
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 135.726,123 1,139,681 73
Net amount In force De-
cember 31. 1897 167.763.205 1.487,173*;
Marine I
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.,
Net amount of risks writ- .
ten during the year.... $105,060,639 $436,169 43
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 103,703,658 423,409 70
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1597 3.243,457 35.033 75
CHARLES L. CASE, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th
day of January. 1?98.
EMIL FRENKEL. Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
221 SANSOME ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
GEO. F. GRANT, Manager.
/SgSS____-_---i^^
Cl PAT F NTS* fl
Xb^33o MARKET ST. SL^u&
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD l-'BK DAMIANA JJITTBRB, THB
great Mexican remedy s gives health and
strength to sexual ereans. Deoat. *•* *".'.. 7 '
56
©be
.i- — - !
FRIDAY OCTOBER 7. 189S
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to £21 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year: per mcr.tb
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri66s Houso ;
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquetto Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— A\or>tgomery street, corner Clay, |
open until 9:30 o'clock- 367 Hayes street, open until ;
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh)
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana 1
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
y.i.: viu i - 1 ;.. tNTi
raJdwln-'-The Last Word."
Columbia- • Camilla "
A :c£7;ir- -" Mizzoura "
Morocco's- -The Runaway Wife
Tlvoll-" 'iho Bohemian Girl."
urj;beum - Vaudefllla
Kew Comedy Theater— " Ihe Signal of Liberty."
Aihambra, Eddy and Jones streets— Vaudeville.
'I.he Chutes — Pletro Marino, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
'■Jynipla— Cornet- Mason and Eadj- etreetb— speolaltlaa.
Sutro's Bath-.— Sivlmmln;.
courtiiiiß— iii^leside Coursing Park, Saturday and Sunday.
Central Park— Circus. Saturday, October la.
lioseuthal— Comintr In February.
CHARLES L. PATTON'S CAMPAIGN
WHEN the Republican parly demanded that
Charles L. Patton become its candidate for
Mayor, the leaders of the organization were
certain they were making no mistake. Every pass
ing day emphasizes the soundness 01 their judgment.
Mr. Patton was not an aspirant. He accepted the
nomination at a sacrifice, but, having accepted it, he
brought into the fight the same qualities which have
carried him to success in business life. Honest,
energetic and enterprising, with no personal ambi
tion to gratify, no factions to appease, no desire to
be a dictator, he entered the struggle unhandicapped
to win on his merits alone. He is unpledged save to
the principles of the platform. He is untrammeled,
has no political record to explain away, no machine
made Committee of One Hundred through which to
operate. He stands before the people as ,::i indi
vidual, a representative citizen, only to find he has
even more friends than he had hoped.
There are circumstances aside from the inherent
merit of Patton's candidacy which, are throwing to it
an unexpected support. The fact is being impressed
upon voters that the present Mayor has cunningly
devised a system making him an unchecked boss, em
powered to select every name appearing on the ticket
with his own. It is known that the present Sc
Board, possibly the worst ever disgracing the city,
represents the personal choice of the Mayor; that the
Supervisor*, many of them rascals, most of them be
smirched with absolute scandal, were such as Phelan
desired to have in office as part of his local scheme of
government. The Widber theft, made possible
through the Mayor's unique scheme of "hefting"
coin, is to him painfully obtrusive just now as the
penitentiary doors seem about to swing to let Wid
ber in.
Then the non-compos-mentis-Partisans outfit has
aided Patton and the whole Republican ticket by first
showing itself to be a Phelan sideshow with no intent
beyond doing the Mayor's bidding, and then doing it.
Its ;>retens£ is a mockery so palpable as to be laugh
able or irritating, according to the point of view.
From the first Patton has showed himself to have
a high sense of honor. He refused to accept the
nomination until the platforrrt had been made, his
opponent having accepted two nominations in the
absence of any platform. Mr. Patton stands for prin
ciple. Against him is one to whom office and power
have proved sweet, and who, having in the name of
reform created a remorseless machine, has in the
name of purity taken counsel of degenerate boodlers.
A? the Republican candidate moves among the peo
ple his popularity increases. His is an individuality
commanding respect. He is frank, affable, and yet
firm. He has in a large degree the quality of mag
reti^m. He has the advantage of a large frame In
mind, r>s in body, then- is nothing small about him.
Unless for something wholly unforeseen, Charles
L. Patton will be the next Mayor. He has only to
go forward in the manly way which has thus far
characterized his course, relying on ability, his free
dom from alliances, and certain that the mistakes of
Phelan and his adherents, too grave and too recent to
be overlooked, will be no inconsiderable aid.
The young man guilty of train -wrecking near
Santa Rosa is said to laugh at his crime. While his
exuberant sen^e of humor may be something to ad
mire, his attention is called to the fact that train
wrecking is a capital offense, and consideration of
this fact may serve to check his mirth.
Regardless of the decision of the Police Commis
sioners, it may be stated frankly that the policemen
accused of cowardice at the time of Lieutcnrwt
Burkes murder were not, at least, guilty of con
spicuous bravery then.
Alger is said to look upon Miles as a nonentity.
Possibly the mind of the Secretary goes back to the
troublous times of the Civil War, when certain gen
erals had occasion to look for him and couldn't see
a thing.
There is an old Latin saw, "In vino veritas."
Chaplain Mclntyrc of the Oregon came near to il
lustrating the truth of it. Only his stimulant to
truthfulness was brandy enforced by quinine.
Perhaps the Pillager Indians have not been treated
with that consideration naturally due the wards of
the nation. Even an Indian has rights, although this
theory is seldom acted upon.
Why should the "Non-Partisans" keep out of the
Democratic fold? There is room for them there, and
the painful necessity of being hypocrites would be
obviated.
Spanish papers are beginning to advocate the pol
icy of giving up the Philippines. There is nothing
more sensible than bowing gracefully to the inevit
able.
Turkey receives more ultimatums and pays less
attention to them than any other nation in the world.
She has ultimatums to burn
MAYOR PHELAN'S SIDESI-jOW.
THE Democratic sideshow which has been mas
querading for a month past under the name oi
the Non-Partisan party having completed its
ticket and adjourned without day, its work may now
be analyzed with a view to placing it properly beiore
the public. The Call lias charged that the Non-
I 'artisans have been bossed by Mayor Phelan and his
brother-in-law, Frank J. Sullivan, and that these
manipulators have succeeded in securing from Dea
con Fitch's marionettes practically an indorsement of
their entire ticket. Proof of this will be found in the
ticket itself. Here it is, the names of the Republicans
indorsed being in black type:
Mayor James D. Phelan
Auditor ASA R. WELLS
Sheriff Theodore F. Bonnet
Treasurer L J. TRUMAN
Tax Collector James N. Block
Assessor JOHN D. SIEBE
County Clerk John A. Brown
Public Administrator. J. A. DRINKHOUSE
District Attorney Barclay Henley
City and County Attorney . Franklin K. Lane
Surveyi >r Bernard Bienheld
Superintendent of Streets R. I*. Doolan
Coroner WILLIAM J. HAWKINS
Recorder Michael Meagher
Superintendent of Schools. B.- S. WEBSTER
Superior Judges— J. M. Seawell. William
T. Wallace, Rhodes Borden, J- M. TROUTT.
Police Judges — Finlay Cook, H. L.
JOACHIMSEN, CHABLES A. LOW, Wil
liam G. Burke.
Justices of the Peace— FRANK H. KER
RIGAN, THOMAS F. DUNN, George Ca
baniss, Hull McClaughry, Alfred J. Fritz.
Supervisors — First Ward: ED. HOL
LAND. Second Ward: Stewart Menzies.
Third Ward: Louis F. Bartlett. Fourth
Ward: Osgood Putnam. Fifth Ward: Isa
dor Gutte. Sixth Ward: JOHN LACK
MANN. Seventh Ward: Louis F. Bying
ton. Eighth Ward: Julius Platshek. Ninth
Ward: ALBERT HEYER-. Tenth Ward:
Jeremiah Deasy. Eleventh Ward: Charles
Clinton. Twelfth Ward: P. F. Butler.
School Directors — Benjamin Armcr, C. P.
Eells, T. J. Lyons, A. Eichler. H. M. Bran
denstein, W. M. Cannon, VANDERLYNN
STOW, H. M. HOLBROOK, W. G. STAF
FORD, E. L. HEAD, P. A. BERGEROT,
J. M. THOMAS.
It will be noted that upon the main ticket
hut six Republican candidates have been in
dorsed, namely, Wells fur Auditor, Truman for
Treasurer, Drinkhouse for Public Administrator.
Siebe for Assessor, Hawkins fur Coroner and
Webster for Superintendent of School*. Ex
cept Siebe none of these officials control patron
age. The Auditor appoints four or rive clerks, the
Treasurer about the same number, while the Superin
tendent of Schools, Public Administrator and Cor
oner ar*e ciphers in the spoiis department of politics.
When it is considered that the indorsement of Siebe
was not according to programme, and that the Dem
ocratic j"l. hers among the Non-Partisans exerted
all their strength, not only to defeat him, but to take
him off the ticket after indorsement, it will be seen
that the original plans of Phelan and Sullivan con
templated scooping in the entire City Hall.
As it is, the Mayor and his brother-in-law have
secured the Sheriff, with ninety-five deputies; the
Tax Collector, with thirty; the County Clerk, with
eighty-five; the Superintendent of Streets, with six
teen and an army of inspectors; the Recorder, with
about thirty; the civil and criminal law departments,
with their retinue of lawyers, and nine Supervisors,
with the veto power and the vast amount of patron
age controlled by that body.
Is any further proof necessary to establish the fact
that the Non- Partisan "convention" was a Demo
cratic sideshow, and that its ticket has become a tail
to Mayor Phelan's kite? What excuse have the Re
publicans in this unholy alliance to offer for permit
ting the Mayor to pull their legs in this manner?
Take George L. Center, for illustration. What is he
going to get for attempting to deliver Republican
non-partisan votes to the office-seekers of Phelan's
machine? If his reward shall be commensurate with
his party treachery and the service he has rendered
Phelan in the Non-Partisan convention, he should,
in case the plot succeeds, get at least a dozen depu
ties at the City Hall.
SAVINGS BANKS OF THE WORLD.
ACCORDING to figures recently issued by the
Treasury Bureau of Statistics, the number of
savings bank depositors in the world reached
in 1897 the notable aggregate of 45,796,767. The
total deposits amounted to the colossal sum of
$6,604,546,473. or an average of $144 21. The state
ment shows what has been accomplished by the insti
tution of savings banks, and is an evidence of the
thrift that prevails among people where such banks
exist.
In all comparisons regarding wages and savings
the United States ought to be far in the lead of any
other nation. In no other civilized country is there
such a large body of intelligent and thrifty working
men, and among no other people is the rate of wages
so high. It will come, therefore, to many persons as
something of a surprise to learn that while the
amount of deposits in savings banks in the United
States is larger than that in any other land, the num
ber of depositors in some countries is far greater than
in this.
France heads the list in the number of savings
bank depositors. No less than 8.986.631 of her econ
omical and thrifty population have a monetary stake
in the savings banks. Great Britain and Ireland
come next with 7,969,826 depositors, and Prussia
comes third with 6.255,507. In the United States the
number of such depositors was 5.201,132.
While we are behind France, Great Britain and
Prussia in the number of persons who have availed
themselves of savings banks as a means of safe
guarding their earnings, we lead them all in the
amount of the sums deposited. In France the total
amount of deposits is $829,783,735: in the United
Kingdom $815,686,750: in Prussia $939,757,555. In
the United States the deposits reached the magnifi
cent sum of $ 1. 93°. 376-035-
The only explanation that can be offered for the
superiority of France, Great Britain and Prussia over
the United States in the number of savings bank de
positors is that in those countries the postal bank
system has placed such banks within reach of nearly
the whole population. But a very small and insigni
ficant fraction of the people live beyond easy access
to a savings bank. In the United States, however,
where postal banks are unknown, a considerable pro
portion of the people have no savings bank facilities
within their reach.
It is to be hoped that this lr.ck in our banking sys
tem will soon be made up. The postal banks, which
have been so successful in Europe, would be equally
successful here, and are more needed here than in
TnE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1898.
any other country for the reason that so large a part
of the South and West is too thinly populated to ad
mit of the operation of ordinary savings banks. With
such a system maintained by the Government we
would soon lead the world in the number of savings
bank depositors as well as in the aggregate amount
of deposits.
TME ALL-COMPREh|ErSDiNG ISSUE.
NUMEROUS as are the questions, State and Na
tional, which are presented to the voters of
California in this campaign, ali of them are
comprehended in the single one of preserving pros
perity by the continuance of conservative govern
ment. The fused factions threaten the State with the
single tax and a large variety of socialistic experi
ments, and menace the nation with free trade, fiat
money and a general policy of industrial and finan
cial disturbance.
We have recently passed through a most disastrous
experience with Democratic management of national
affairs. We have learned what a Democratic tariff
means for American workingmen, and what is the
result of a threat to depreciate the value of our cur
rency. Even, therefore, if the country were not con
fronted by new problems, there would be sufficient
cause why all intelligent, industrious and thrifty citi
zens should vote for the party which has brought or
der out of disorder, and replaced hard times by pros
perity. We have had enough and more than enough
in the way of political disturbances of business af
fairs, and it is time now to maintain something of
stability.
Hardly ever before in our history was so much
legislation for the general good accomplished in so
short a time as that which has been achieved by the
present administration. When it came into office it
found the national treasury at its lowest ebb, the debt
of the country increased by bond issues in a time of
peace, the manufacturing industries almost at a stand
still, commerce depressed, the financial system un
certain, and all classes of people oppressed with the
ill effects of the Democratic panic.
Already the administration has overcome these
evils. It has restored protection and revived industry
and commerce. It has provided profits for capital
and wages for workingmen. It has carried on a war
fur the welfare of humanity and added to the glory
of American arms. It has outlined and developed a
noble policy both at home and abroad, and has in
every respect upheld a genuine Americanism.
Out of what has been accomplished there have
arisen new issues. Our protected industries have
reached a point where a larger merchant marine is
needed to carry their products to foreign markets.
The establishment of the basis of value of our money
upon the gold standard has opened the way for cur
rency reform and the reorganization of our paper
money system. Out of the war have come many is
sues of foreign policy. It would be folly to leave the
settlement of these questions to a party without a
policy and without leaders capable of formulating
one.
The all-comprehending issue of the time is the
preservation of prosperity, the maintenance of the
existing order of things. It is the duty of the people
to uphold the administration of McKinley and to
have a State government in harmony with the Na
tional Government. "Our country as it is" is a good
enough platform for any man to vote for in this cam
paign.
JUDGING from the comments of the New-
York press, popular interest in the recent Dem
ocratic State Convention at Syracuse was due
almost wholly to the evidence it gave ot the relative
importance in the party of the rival chieftains, lliil
and Croker. No one expects the ticket to win, but
every one is studying it to see whether it is a Hill
ticket or a Croker ticket.
It is conceded that the nominee for Governor,
Judge Van VVyck, is Croker' s man, and that Hill op
posed the nomination as long as he could. On the
other hand, it is asserted that in order to obtain the
head of the ticket Croker had to surrender to Hill
very nearly everything else, and it is staled that, with
the exception of the candidate lor State Engineer,
who is the property, as it were, of Senator Murphy,
all the rest of the ticket is Hill's. It appears, more
over, that at the wind up of the convention Hill man
aged to get a majority of the State Committee, and
thus has control of the party machinery.
On this showing there exists a wide difference of
opinion as to which boss carried off the larger share
of the spoils. It is claimed by some that in getting
the nomination for Governor Croker obtained the
oyster and left Hill the shell; but others maintain
it was a Hill convention throughout, and that the
head of the ticket was given to the Tammany man
simply because Hill knew no Democrat can be elected
Governor of New York this year, and therefore he
was not eager to put up one of his friends for the
place.
From this distance it appears the latter view of the
situation is correct. Undoubtedly if Van Wyck should
be elected Croker will have the better part of the bar
gain. With one of his supporters holding the ofiice
of Mayor of New York City and another as Governor
of tRe State, the Tammany boss could run things
very much in his own way. and Hill's friends at the
head of the Democratic machine would have to stand
in and be thankful for small patronage If, however,
Van Wyck should be defeated Croker will have noth
ing, and Hill will be in a position to use the machin
ery of the party for his own advantage in iooo.
It is not at all improbable that Hill is much more
concerned about the campaign of 1000 than about the
present one. He might profitably have conceded to
Tammany the whole State ticket this year in ex
change for the .State Committee and control of the
party machinery. Bryanism is a rapidly fading issue,
and with a sweeping Republican victory this fall it
will cease to be a potent factor in our politics. Dem
ocracy will then have to look for a new leader in the
Presidential fight. If Hill has control of New York
at that time his position will be sufficiently elevated
to attract Presidential lightning about convention
time, and it was. perhaps, that consideration which
led him to avoid a finish fight with Croker this year.
If the steps being taken to make Corbett and Mc-
Coy fight could be directed toward making them
hold their respective jaws, a wave of gratitude would
sweep from sea to sea.
There is no need for worry over the report that
Spanish troops are to be sent to the Philippines.
Spain might as sensibly plan to send a few regiments
to Washington.
It is a wonder Chief Lees did not ship Mrs. Botkin
to Delaware without bothering the Governor about
it, since he intimates that he intends to do so ?ooner
or later.
It will do no harm to inspect with «i somewhat
critical eye the Chinese bureau supposed to operate in
this city. The mechanism of it seems to be out
of gear.
HILL OR CROKER.
SCURRILOUS AND SHAMELESS.
John T, Doyle Denounces a " Bul
letin 11 Attack Upon the
Valley Road,
Menlo Park, Oct. 5.
John D. Spreckels-My
Dear Sir: I write to you
to say that I was in no way
privy to the publication of
my letter to the directors
of the Valley road. I have
not let a copy of it out,
except those sent to the
gentlemen addressed. I
wish to add, too, that I
have no sympathy with
the Bulletin's scurrilous
attack on you, founded on
it. I have never doubted
the motives of the gentle
men who made the nego
tiations with the Atchison
road, though I differ from
them entirely in judgment
on this question. Yours
truly,
DE YOUNG'S
CANDIDACY
From the Oakland Enquirer.
The Enquirer is not among those
newspapers which have been consum
ing a large amount of space with spec
ulations and warnings concerning the
candidacy for the United States Senate
of M. H. de Young, although it does
not favor such candidacy. It recog
nizes that there is some force in what
the San Francisco Post said in a recent
article, in which it argued that in the
event of Republicans having a major
ity in the Legislature the candidacy of
De Young will have been helped by the
reiteration of his name by the Demo
cratic papers. If the election of De
Young as United States Senator is not
desired, it is not advisable to keep
talking about him all the time and giv
ing him a prominence which he does
not deserve.
And yet there is a time for all
things, and if De Young is not a topic
for breakfast, dinner and supper,
neither should he be altogether ignored.
One extreme may be as bad us another.
It the Republicans elect the Legisla
ture, as we hope they may, and if Do
Young appears as a candidate, there
will go up a shout of disapproval, and
those members of the Legislature who
thi ii declare either for or against De
Young will be accused of deception if
they have kept entirely silent during
the campaign. All the pro-Dc Young
men will be accused of having obtained
votes under false pretenses, and those
who declare against him will be likely
to have their sincerity doubted unless
they make their position manifest be
fore election.
Mr. de Young has declared that he is
making no light for the Senatorship,
and we are disposed to accord to him
credit for sincerity in that utterance.
Hut he has not said he will not become
v candidate, and It is pretty well un
derstood that In the event of the elec
tion of a majority of Republicans to
the Legislature he will become a very
active candidate and will have some
powerful influences backing him. It is
impossible to ignore this; It would be
foolish, merely for the sake i f keeping
peace In the Republican family for the
time being, ti, pursue a course which
would be likely to create so large a
store of serious trouble a little fur
ther on.
Among the Republican candidates
for the Legislature in Alameda County
there ar" several who have stated
frankly in private conversation that
they are not for De Young, and we
think they ought to make the same
declaration in public. It would set
th«»m right before their constituents,
who do not approve of the Senatorial
candidacy of Mr. de Young 1 and would
increase their chances of election. And
if there are any Senatorial or Assem
bly candidates who favor De Young
they should say so, because they can
not afford to be elected under a mis
understanding and be accused after
ward of treachery. In short, this Is a
time when plain speaking on th~ j sub
ject of the Senatorship would be very
much in order.
VAS IST LOS MIT TEDDY?
You have- shown yourself a hero.
And where deadly guns were flashin'.
You were noticed to appear, <'h!
In a hravc and fearless fashion.
Frenzied lightinc found you ready,
Hut the Spanish bullets inisse,! you;
Yet, despite these facts, dear Teddy,
Not a single trirl has kissed you—
\'as ist ios?
If the Mausers did not hurt you
'Twas no fault of yours, dear Teddy,
'Cause if you possess one- virtue
'Tis the knack of standing steady.
Oh, your reci rd Is a beauty,
And ii" history can twist you;
Bui at home you've shirked your duty
For no blushing maid has kissed you—
Vas ist los?
— George Hobart to Baltimore American.
OLD KISSING CCTSTOM.
Old-fashioned Hung-erford !s once more
celebrating rioektle with all Its quaint
customs and ancient ceremonies says
Notes and Queries. This interesting cere
mony began with the annual "macaroni
supper," and wil! be continued to-day.
when the two managers of the rival
banks, who have been elected "tuttimen"
for the ensuing year, go around to the
houses of the tenants in the town and ex
ercise their prerogative of kissing all the
ladies in each house. Hungerford is one of
the last remaining unreformed boroughs
in England, and st. retains its ancient
official nomenclature, electing to have in
place of Mayor and corporation a consta
ble, a portreeve, a keeper of the coffers,
a hay ward, two ale tasters and a bell
man.
The tuttimen (who are also collectors of
the poll tax) have from time immemorial
called at every house in the borough and
received from each inh jitant. if a
male, a penny, and In case of the ladies a
kiss, the ceremony being announced from
the balcony of the town hall by a blast
from the Hungerford horn blown by the
bellman. Afterward a dinner is held, at
which the otlirers for the ensuing year
are elected.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
F. A. Hlhn of Santa Cruz arrived in this
city yesterday.
Attorney J. L. Barliam of Red Bluff is
registered at the Grand.
Frank A. Cressey, a prominent banker
of Modesto, is in town.
F. W. Ely of the Hotel Paso Robles is
in town for a few days.
C. G. Dcbney is registered at the Occi
dental from Dawson City.
John C. Catlin, the well-known Sacra
mento attorney, is at the Lick.
E. L. Van Cleek. a prominent Santa
Cruz architect, is at the Grand.
Simpson Fennell, a prominent wheat
grower of Tebama, is at the Lick.
Colonel F. C. Sanford came up from San
Jose yesterday and is stopping at the
Lick.
Senator William M. Stewart of Nevada
arrived yesterday morning and is a guest
at the Palace.
John Markley of the Rink Commission
is in the city from Geyserviile. He is
quartered at the Lick.
John W. Mitchell, prominent in Demo
cratic politics at Los Angeles, is among
the guests at the Palace.
\V. Leon Pepperman, United States Civil
Service Examiner, has arrived from
Washington on an official tour.
William EL Husband, superintendent of
the big Gopher Boulder mine, near I'lacer
viile, El Dorado County, was .among yes
terday's arrivals at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. L. McDonald of French
Camp. Shasta County, arc guests at the
Lick. Mr. McDonald is largely interested
in the mines of the French Camp district.
A. c. Cleveland, who will oppose Sena
tor William M. Stewart in the Nevada
Senatorial fight, arrived in this city yes
terday and is among the guests at the
Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Philip Smith are at the
Paiace, after a season spent at their sum
mer home, Sunshine Villa, in Santa Cruz.
They intend taking- a house in town for
the winter.
CALIPORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.-J. Keiner of San
Francisco and Louis T. Dreyfus of Santa
Darbara are at the Imperial. Mrs. Julia
E. Dunn of San Francisco is at the Neth
erland. A. Barnes and Mrs. McHutt of
San Francisco have pone to Paris.
PASSING PLEASANTRIES.
trti??" Verl7 ' d ' d JOU enJO> JOUr Euro Pean
"jea; didn't meet a soul who succeeded
in borrowing money of me."— Chicago
Record.
Mrs. Noear— Do you think my dautrhtpr
v.-ill be a musician'?
Professor— l gant zay. She may. She
dell me she pome of a long-lived vamilv —
New York Weekly.
"Remember," said <.ne good man, "that
there are sermons in stones."
"Not In those that you run against with
your bike," retorted the cynic, and the
argument was necessarily at an end —
Cincinnati Commercial-Tribune.
Jones— Coyne was worth over a million
when he died and didn't leave a will
Brown— l wonder why?
Jones— l guess he wanted his heirs to
get the benefit of his wealth instead of
the lawyers.— Chicago Record.
"Pretty Polly!" said the visitor, ap
proaching the cage. "Want a—"
"My name," interrnnted the parrot,
"No, I do not think ehe will marry
again. She vowed on the day he was bur
ied she would not." _
"Ah! Thinking about it already, was
she?"— Cincinnati Enquirer.
speaking slowly and distinctly, is Ibsen,
and I want nothing. I am meditating.
"He's a queer bird," explained the host
ess. "He won't eat anything but beans.
I think my husband got him -somewhere
in the East. "—Chicago Tribune.
He— Do you know that for the last hour
I have been watching for a good chance
to steal a kiss from you?
She— lndeed! Don't you think it might
be well for you to consult an oculisi .—
Richmond Times.
ANSWERS TO COBBtSPONDENTS.
PLATO, J. C, City. Plato, the phil
osopher, was born in Athens, Greece, B.
C, 427, and died B. C. 347.
MAIL BY THE GAELIC-Interested,
Oakland. Cal. The steamer Gaelic on her
recent trip to this port did not bring any
j mail from Manila.
CANDIDATE'S RELIGION — Sub
scriber, Stockton, Cal. As the particular
i candidate has not made an open declar
• ation of his religion this department can
not give you the desired information.
POINT BONITA LIGHTHOUSE— C.
S., City. Visitors are received at the
Point Bonlta Lighthouse. But civilians
are not permitted to cross the military
reservation to reach the lighthouse with
! out a permit from the military authori
; ties.
TARIFF— A. S., Crescent City, Cal. One
portion of the Democratic party favors
: a low tariff, or what is called "a tariff
for revenue only"; another portion fa
vors absolute free trade. The average of
difference between the present tariff and
I that under Democratic rule is about *»
per cent.
GRAYS AS AUTHORS— Miller, Men
docino County, Cal. There is a descriptive
work as well as surgical on anatomy by
i Dr. Gray. There was a new edition in
1896. Asa Gray, the botanist, was the
author of "Elements of Botany," after
ward enlarged into the "Botanical Text
Book," "Lessons in Botany," "Structural
and Systematic Botany" and "Botany for
Young People."
MAGUIRE AND THE POPE— J. B. X.,
Monterey, Cal. This department cannot
devote the space to what James G. Ma
gulre said about the Pope, fur a small
sum you can procure, through any book
seller, a copy of Maguire's book, and
you will have the language in full, and in
that manner settle the controversy in
question.
WHO WROTE IT?— N., Hay wards, Cal.
This correspondent wishes to know If
any of the readers of this department
can refer him to the author of the fol
lowing:
Never lose an opportunity of seeing any
thing beautiful. Beauty is God's writing,
a wayside sacrament. Welcome it in every
fair face, every fair flower, every fair sky,
and thank Him for it, the author of all love
liness. Drink it in simply, earnestly and with
all your eyes— 'tis a charmed draught, a cup
of blessing.
TABLE OF COINS— A. S. O. T. C. City.
This department is ready and willing at
all times to furnish information to corres
pondents if the same is obtainable, but
correspondents should make their ideas so
clear as to enable one to understand what
is desired. This department does not care
to jump at conclusions. This department
is at a loss to determine what is wanted.
Is it a list of all the coins issued from the
mints of the several countries named or
the English value of the coins of such,
countries that is wanted?
PASSPORT REGULATIONS— A. R. P..
City. A naturalized citizen who wants to
obtain a passport must communicate with
the Department of State at Washington,
D. C, if resident of the United States at
the time of the application; forward a
personal description and the certificate of
naturalization must be forwarded for in
spection. It will be returned. The appli
cation must be in the form of an amda
vit sworn to before a person authorized
to administer oaths, and must be accom
panied by the certificate of a credible wit
ness, who knows that the applicant is the
party he represents ,-imself in the appli
cation.
WASH LEATHER. N., Hay wards. Cal.
A method for cleaning wash or polishing
leather (chamois) is as follows: Wash in a
weak solution of soda and warm water,
then rub in a good deal of soap in the
leather and let it soften for two hours.
After that wash until perfectly clean
and rinse in a weak solution of warm
water, soda and yellow soap. It should
not be washed in cold water, as it will
become so hard that it cannot be used
again. It is the small quantity of soap
remaining in the leather which permeates
its smallest particles and makes the
leather as soft as silk. After the rinsing
the leather is wrung out in a coarse
towel and dried quickly. It is then
pulled in every direction and well
brushed, after which it is softer and bet
ter than most wash leather when rirst
bought If rough leather is used to finish
highly polished surfaces It will often be
observed that the surface is scratched or
injured. This is caused by particles of
dust or even grains of hard rouge that
were left in the leather. As soon as these
are removed with a clean brush and
rouge a perfectly bright and beautiful
finish can be obtained.
DRILL— J. T.. Alameda, Cal. This cor
respond, -nt writes: "At a drill of a com
pany of infantry the company was drilled
by the captain in the manual of arms,
and about two-thirds of the company had
been drilled down, when the captain
turned the command over to the iirst
lieutenant. The first command given by
the lieutenant was "r; .;:.; shouldei arms,'
and as he bad not continued the nura
! era, I came right up to a right shoulder
and was called out. 1 contend that when
the captain turned the company over to
the lieutenant it wrought a complete
change, and unless the lieutenant cau
tioned by numbers, when the command
was given it should be executed at once.
The lieutenant claims that his was but
a continuation of the captain's drill and
that the cautionary command was not
necessary. Which is ri^ht?"
This question was submitted to several
drill masters and they all agreed that
when the captain turned the command
over to the lieutenant there was a change
of administration and that the lieutenant
was not bound w continue the drill ui:
i. >s specially instructed to do so and that
the men were right In their understand
ing that the captain's drill was at an end.
Had the lieutenant desired, without In
structions from the captain, to continue
the drill Inaugurated by him it was his
duty to give notice to that effect. In
the Instance < Ited the man who was
called on: was ri^ht and the lieutenant
was v\ :
Cal. glace fruit BOc per lb at Townsend'a.*
Special information supplied daily to
business house i and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Pictures and Frames.
We have a good stock of Hargreaves
and Taber-Prang colored photo panels
mounted on glass, with the ever-popular
brass projecting- corners. We have also
a large number of pretty etchings and
plain photographs framed in old Flemish
and other dark oak moldings, with ivory
ornaments, that are very stylish and
moderate in price. Also new moldings
and new cabinet and Paris panel frames
suitable for every picture made. Prices
always reasonable. Sunburn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
"Ah," sighed the elderly maiden from
Boston, "you do not know what it Is to
have loved and lost."
"No," said the young man from the
West. "I can show an unbroken string- of
victories in my br.ach-of-promi.se suits "
—Chicago Daily News,
"Mrs. Winslow'a Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It sootr-* the child, softens
the *urns. allays Pain, cures Wind CnUe "reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the beit remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be cure and ask for Mrs.
Winslown Soothing Syrup. 33c a bottle
HOTEL DEL CORONADO-Take advantar*
of the round-trip tickets. Now only teo by
steamship. Including fifteen day.' board at
hotel; longer stay (2 50 per day. Apply at
4 New ? jntgomery street. San Francisco
Commercial lunch, U to 1. Among tb« Bar
rels, SC3 Market et.DYIRG OF THIRST
ON A DESERT ISLE
Suffering of Five Aba
lone Hunters.
SEE TWO COMPANIONS DROWN
CAPSIZED IN A SLOOP WHILE
GOING FOR WATER.
For Days They Endure Intense
Agony, but Are Finally Res
cued in a Most Pitia*
ble Condition.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, . Oct. 6.— Two men
drowned and nve others in the throes
of death through thirst on a desert isle
rim harvest of fate this week
off the Lower California coast.
The sloop Nautiius, hailing from Pan
iJie^jt', foundered off Todos Santos Isl
and Manuel Joseph of La Playa
and Ignacio Camacho, a Mexican, went
down in her in sight of their compan
land. They were on their
way to Bnsenada, twelve miles distant,
to get water and provisions for th<
on the island. With the going down o-f
the sloop, the men on the island saw
their hopes of rescue perish and In that
; ss and dewless region they faced
the most horrible of deaths — thirst in
a. vast plain of water.
The Nautilus had made her headquar
ters .a Ensenada for a few weeks while
her crew gathered abalone shells and
meat on Todos Santos Island. She took
the party over on the afternoon of Oc
tober 1, and there being a scarcity of
water and provisions she sailed n>-xt
day in command of Joseph and Ca
macho to get supplies. There was a
. sonnhwester blowing and a thick
haze was in the air. By some link)
means th- I beyond the c
of the two men and she was
suddenly and capsize. The thick
haze hid the Struggling men from view
for an instant and when it lifted noth
ing was to be seen of them or the
The next day was fair, also the two
succeeding ones. Yesterday afternoon
the lookout on Ensenada Point, who
was engaged in '• with
i iv v. hat he took to be a
I this
and a boat was sent out by the
captain of the port. The boat found
men there, all in a frightful state,
with black tongues protruding from
their mouths and crawling on the beach
■ res . rs. Th< y wei
to walk and could not force a
their blackened tongues.
[yen to them in small
though they begged piteously for
they were able to
. they told of the foundering of
-autilus and the drowning of their
The five men were taken to Ensenada,
• they are rapidly recovering from
■ rice.
SENATOR MORGAN CALLS
AT THE WHITE HOUSE
Confers With the Resident on the
Future of Hawaii — Corrects Er-
roneous Press Reports.
WASHINGTON, O nator Mor
p;ui of the Hawaiian • '.>mmlssion arrived
In Washington to-day and called at the
White House for an hour's conference
with th^ President. In answer to inquir
the members of
the cornm: uld meet here
Noven I re and pn
their Pres ient and Con
report
or the views of thf <" immiss
rts of
what the commission would recommend
wrong in very essential particulars.
"Of course," he remarked, "we favor a
irial form of ( - that
ingress .i- :
•: in the art a the crea
commissii hat particu
lar fi • :rTtor:;il government we
shall recommend Lted "
In speaking nf the Philip
judgment
riiP United States should retain p
pion of t ; : wh ile gn
to th>- natives the right to govern them
wit hin ct rtain lim I i un
der the general supervisor of the
E
WILLIAM SCORED
BY SOCIALISTS
Anti-Strike Speech, of the Emperor
Stirs Up the Champions
of Labor.
STUTTGART, Wurtemburg, G"rmnny,
list convention here
to-day Hr-rr Fischer, h member of the
rcf< rring I i Emperor Wil
liam's anti-strike speech, Bald: "Wh;it
little monarchial sentiment survived
among the proletariat has now been
tely killed. We mi;st organize an
opposition. We iwaraly dogs if
ye unanswered the insults beaped
Emperor deems it ri#ht to
throw down th< ka intlet. and we have
rage to pick it up."
This remark was greeted with a tre
mendous outbursi of applause, ana the
convent . ■ call protest meet
ings • am . .:,,;, [y after the
strike bill . ed
FRESNO BOYCOTT OF
THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Many Merchants Agree to Ship All
Freight by the Santa Fe and
Valley Roads.
FRESNO, Oct. 6.— A large number of
merchants have sir; reemeni to
chip all freight by the Sai | Val
ley roads, as the Southern Pacific taken
Eastern freight through Fresno to Stock
ton and then resliips to this place, piling
up extra charges.
FURTHER TIME TO REGISTER.
Banta Clara Books to Close Fifteen
Days Before Election.
RAN JOSE, Oct. 6.— Judge Hyland to
day decided that registration of voters
ehouid remain open until fifteen days be
fore election. This opinion was rendered
upon a writ of mandate to compel Coun
ty Clerk Pflster to place the name of
Earle S. Jones upon the Great Register.
The Clerk held that registration closed
eighty-five days before election, and had
opinions from Attorney General Fitzger
ald and District Attorney Herrtngton to
that effect. The matter of transfer of
voters was not beiore the court, hut
Judge Hyland expressed the opinion that
transfers could also be made up to within
fifteen days of election.
This decision, it is said, will add a
couple of hundred names to the Great
R s i e Jt The test was made in the Infr
taken **"*' An a PP eal ir.ay be
Speedy Trial for the Train-Wrecker.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. c.-This afternoon
Justice Raldv.-in hold train-wrecker Grif
fin for trial in the Superior Court on the
charge of wrecking a passpnper train at
Pr elst ?,? lEtationl.l Etation l . on Southern Pacific.
He will be arraigned In the Superior Court
to-morrow.
REPORTED EQUAL
TO THE KLONDIKE
Richness of the Atlin
Lake Region.
BIG PLACER GOLD DEPOSITS
WILL CAUSE A STAMPEDE TO
THE NEW CLAIMS.
Hal Hoffman Predicts That by
Next Spring Juneau Will
Have Become De
populated.*
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Ppecial Correspondence of The Call.
JUNEAU. Alaska, Sept. 28.— A new
strike in the Atlin Lake region shows
that district !<■ be the equal of the
Klondike in placer gold deposits, If the
i future shall show th>' news to be sup
', ported by facts. Among the latest to
arrive out from the new diggings are
J. T. Jones and C. L. Parish of Juneau.
i The general character of the news so
! far since the first reports indicates that
Juneau will be nearly depopulated next
spring by the exodus to the new camp.
Further exploration in the Lake At
lin region has resulted in the discov
ery of a live volcano, the existence of
which was not even heretofore sus
•l. The volcano, though thorough
ly alive, Is not very active. It shows
serve force than vigor. It is
ely noticeable in the day, as a
rule, but in the night against the back
ground of the sky a flare of flames can
be seen at the summit and puffs of
smoke ascending at irregular intervals.
An Indian of the Lake Teslin country,
a Thinklit, said that the eruption is
recent, and he regarded it as a fore
runner of evil. The cone of the vol
cano is only about ten miles from Sur
prise Lake, in an easterly direction. It
is on the summit of a chain of moun
tains extending between Lakes Atlin
and Teslin, and it is nearer, apparent
ly, to Teslin than to Atlin. The west
ern slope of these mountains drains
Into Lake Atlin. The two men who
made the rich gold strike told about
by Messrs. Jnnes and Parish discov
ered the volcano. They passed to the
east of it.
There is a vast country around the
new diggings, and particularly to th*
north, that has not only not been pros- ''
pected but has never been explored.
Even the Indians know litiie or noth
ing about it; they prefer to remain in
the more open country around the lakes ,
to the eastward.
Old miners out from the new diggings i
anticipate that more men will be em
•;. next August than in
Dawson. The ground lays so as to fa
cilitate working, and fair pro
have so far been found on nearly all
the creeks. They also predict the
finding of s< ... ■ g ! [alms In the un
prospected region north and east.
There will doubtless be considi rable
travel in and out of the new diggings I
all winter owing to their proximity to
the coast. They are only about 100 ;
miles distant.
PERILS IN THE ARCTIC
OF "BUFFALO JONES"
Reaches Seattle and Tells of Two
Thousand People Frozen in
at Dsstruction City.
SEATTLE, Was!:.. Oct. s.— "Buffalo
Jones," th*> well-known hunter, who has
In the Artie circle for some tlm<\
arrived here to-day from St. Michael,
having accomplished an unprecedented
journey full of p^ri! and privations. Jones
left Oklahoma Territory seventeen months
ago fur Great Slave Lake, and the mouth
or the Mackenzie River, with the object
of bringing out to civilization a herd of
live musk oxer.. He went in over the
Edmonton route, reaching Great Slave
I^ake last July, after a long and perilous
trip.
About two months ago, in company with
Albert Rea of Alberta, he started on his
homeward journey, coming up the Peel
and Rat rivers, across the Portage to
Mi Hat River, and down the West
lit and Porcupine to the Yukon. He
was thirty-three days from Great Slave
Lake to Fort Yukon.
Jones says there are 2000 people who;
started over the Edmonton route in the
summer of 1897, frozen in at Destruction
City, located at the junction of the Peel
and Rat rivers. They will not reach civ- j
Ilization before next July. They are well
supplied with provisions. The winter will \
be spent In constructing' boats. Among !
those at Destruction I'ity are Mr. and
A. C. Craig and a Mr. Thumser, all
of Chicago.
Acountlng for his failure to bring- out
any musk ox^n, Jones said he caupht
i. hut the Esquimaux are supersti
tious about allowing them to leave the
: c nipht they cut the
throats of his animals. Jones brought out
a large amount of letters from Destruc
tion City.
CRITICAL CONDITION
OF GOVERNOR SMITH
Suffers a Relapse and It Is Believed
That Blood Poisoning Has
Set In.
I,OS ANGELES, Oct. C— Tlie condition!
of Gov< r:ior A. J. Smith of the National |
Soldiers' Home Is critical ti.is evening. '
The doctors regard this relapse as in
dicative of the approach of final disso
lution. If it had not been for the fact
thai Qov. Smith was possessed of an ex
traordinary physique he would have sue- i
cum bed before now. For ;i time h<- seemed
to be on the road to recovery, but it ia
understood that blood poisoning has set
in, and this leaves but one conclusion as ,
to what the end will be.
SURVEYORS EXCITE GOSSIP.
Mysterious Work of a Party North
east of Stockton.
STOCKTON, Oct. 6.— Residents north
east of this city bring reports of a sur
veylng party which commenced work in
that vicinity to-day, and a good deal of
speculation is rife as to the object of its j
work. Surveys were being taken at vari- j
ous points, and as near as could #c deter
mined a line was being run over that !
formerly surveyed as the Stockton and
Tuolumne road, otherwise known as the
"Woman's" road, from a point near Good
water Grove in a southeasterly direction,:
toward Kurmington.
The head of tho party Is stopping in
this city und will be here for a week
or more. He is thought to represent .
Prince Poniatowskl in the road that will
leave this city and connect with the :
Sierra road at Oakdale, to cover all the ;
southern mining region. It Is said that
the Sierra mud has obtained right of way :
from Mrs. Kline Rikert.
Crushed to Death at Camp Sawyer.
Ilf-JHWOOD CITY, Oct. 6.— John Mengor,
an employe of the Spring Valley Water
Company, while unloading a large water
nipt' at Camp Sawyer was accidentally
killed by having one roll back und over
his body, crushing it in a horrible manner.
It is sai'i that deceased has a si.ster liv
ing in San Francisco.
Nlnety-flve per cent of all cases of piles
are positively cured by "Anakesls." •
THE SASv T FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1898.
CREMATED IN
OREGON POISON
Sheriff Murray Fires the
Building.
PERISHES BY HIS OWN ACT
LOCKED UP FOB BEING DRUNK
AND DISORDERLY.
For Years Chairman of Mallieur's
Democratic County Committee.
"Leaves a Wife and
Two Children.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 6.— Henry C.
Murray was burned to death early this
morning in the Vale (Malheur County)
calaboose, In which he was locked up
for disorderly conduct. While intoxi
cated, it is supposed, he set the build
ing on fire from the inside. The fire
was not discovered until the house was
nearly ready to fall. Murray was Mal
heur County's Sheriff. At the
time of his death he was
chairman of the Democratic Coun
ty Central Committee, which po
sition he had held for years. He was
4^ years of age, and leaves a wife and
two children. He was not in the habit
of drinking, but had been drinking
considerably last evening and had
b sgg< '1 several parties to kill him, say
ing he hoped to die within forty-eight
hours.
NONSUIT DENIED IN
THE JARMAN-REA CASE
Defense Now Compelled to Go to
Trial on the First Count of
the Complaint.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 6.— motion for a non
suit In the Jarraan-Rea Blander suit was
denied this afternoon by Judge Kittredge.
This now compels the defendant to go to
trial on the first count of the complaint,
fur which $25,0u0 damages are asked. The
issue now comprises the fo.. owing words
which Rea spoke to Jarman on March 13,
IS9S: "There was $900 paid on the pur
chase of that steam roller, and you re
ceived $400 Of it."
For the past ten days most of the time
in the suit has been devoted to argument,
and interest has lagged some, but the de
nial of a nonsuit has revived it. It is
expected that at the opening of court to
morrow morning the defense will begin
the Introduction of testimony, and sensa
features are anticipated. Rea has
bragged how ne wanted to go on the
stand and tell political history, and now
he -.s il i have a chance. .
The answer of defendant as outlined in
this morning's Call was presented at the
• ning of the court this morning.
(Vttorni v D( Imas then called <".. H. Lan
.:,,]" George Koenig to the stand.
They were pres< nt when Jarman and Rea
had the altercation. The witnesses tes
tified they underst 1 Rea's words to
that Jarman had accepted a bribe
: ase of the steam roller.
\ motion by defendants counsel to
strike out the testimony of S. G. Tomp
klns, which formed the second count or
Int, was <!• nied.
The motion for a nonsuit waa then
and argu< d. After the decision in
the negative the court adjourned till to
morrow.
COLTJSA DEMOCRATIC RALLY.
Alford, La Rue and Andrews Address
the Citizens.
COLUSA, Oct. 6.— To-day lias been one
of excitement in the Democratic county
of Coins,!. Crowds gathered at the depot
to meet H":;. W. H. Alvord, 11. M. La Rua
and H. P. Andrews. I'rominent Demo
crats, Silver Republicans and Populists
sent up Wild cheers. They were drive", in
carriages to the Colusa House. As night
fall came on b mflres blazed, music sound
ed and the streets were filled with enthu
siastic crowds. The headquarters of the
Union Fusionists were decorated with
vines, flowers and pot plants. Ladies in
large numbi rs were present.
Mr. Alford's speech was greeted with
cheers as he discussed various party prin
ciples and grew eloquent In their advo
cacy. .
Mr. La Rue talked common sense and
principles, bringing applause from tiie
multitude.
H P. Andrews won golden opinions
from all the people. His quiet dignity,
gentlemanly bearing and fine .sclmiarship
brought the crowd to his standard and
burst of applause after another fol
lowed his cloying words.
RETURNING SEALERS.
Three Vessels Pleach Victoria With
Twelve Hundred Skins.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 6. -Three more
of the sealing fleet have reached the west
of the Island— the Arietis with 41G
Bklnp, Waiter 1.. Ri^h with 400 skins and
the Ida Etta with about 400.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AN ENGINEER CURED
A Weil-Known Engineer of San Francisco Tells of the Benefits Received
From Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
dCi^S^Q %ml \ There are over 10,000 men who sing the praises of Dr. Sanden.
fllllfil «l \ V They are men who have been lifted to the highest pinnacle of manly
»*>( iv )\\ vigor by his famous Electric Belt. They are to be. found in every
£y^^ j^f\ I I * ovvn anc * hamlet in the West. There is not a town on the Pacific
w||tf£/r >\,J Coast t> ut * ias from one to twenty cures by this great strengthened
|®\ 1 \ **&£^Zj!w There must be something in a system of treatment that can show
if 4 v -"v 7**^^^^^ suc h cures as this:
f fNs > • jf^SfwSl?^ PAX FRANCISCO.
/Si 'ul , ( 6&*^?£&&y* DR. SANDEN— Dear Sir: lam willing to testify to the grand results I have received
/Hi. v\\LKiJ y^^S- i ■&Wsr£3sx£l " m the Ui ' "' your "'""■ San ' 1( ' n Electric Bolt." lum an engineer on the Southern Pacific
J^vSeifw^y'^t C<Ss3aS£ffilMKaßy Railroad, anil have been suffering greatly for the last three or four years with lumbago Jlzzl-
I *'>Srap»^a^^a4-HlßS? r *-'^' : "*JS r.e.-s, faint and blind spells and a general broken-down feeling, which made it almost Impossi-
lv <rj^i - BBlvG^SßlaSHEflHlv *' 1<: ' for me to ni "-'' ' my run ' which is one of the longest on the road. I was advised to try one
Hu ' fflw of j-our Belts, and did so. It has completely cured me of all my troubles after two months'
BBSS te^&t&H™PK6B&mßfl&t Li use, and I can now make my run with the greatest ease. I have never had a pain or a bad
>«KjgJv /*t/i^r !: '?3Ss*H feeling after five days' use of the Belt, and I have more life In me now than I have had for
KW»V. -Tgj U flE£2@&aH >' f-ars - On meeting my friends they always congratulate me on looking so well. I always
'igSfif- fSßtm EhHT' fp<l l"l "' ' >r "■■'"' livelier than those around me. I will always advise my friends who are suffer-
r %ttfgjgja& Ing as I was to try your Belt, for 1 can lay m" restoration to your It. Sanden's Electric
Belt. J. J. ROCKWELL, 2122 Howard street.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
There Is nothing so penetrating, nothing so invigorating nothing that will relieve weakness and pain as speed-
ily and surely as Dr. Sanden'sEelectric Belt. It is simple, but grand. It assists nature by a general reinforcement of
the vital energy, by infusing a mild, invigorating current of electricity into the nerves and by supplying the sys-
tem with the very essence •>( nerve vigor and nerve strength. Dr. Sanden applies his belt in a manner taught him
by years of successful practice. Electricity applied properly is a grand remedy for all weakness. If you have
Rheumatism, Lame Back, Sciatica, Lumbago or weakness in the nerves or vital organs, you ought to consult Dr.
Sanden. He will tell you whether his belt will cure you and give you his advice free. Call and test the powerful
current this wonderful belt gives, and see how easily it is regulated. Don't be ignorant of a remedy which may
correct all your past mistakes and assure your future happiness. If you cannot call, send for Dr. Sanden's famous
book, "Three Classes of Men," devoted to the weakness of men; tells the cause of early decay in young and mid-
dle-aged men. It shows how electricity properly applied will restore this power, and gives the proof. Send for It
to-day. It is free. A call preferred. Call or address
DR. A. T. SANDEN, SSLSr i C^SS tt h MM i M . not in drugstores.
C^m *» Seeon? &« P^ri^Tr., "£ VJKSgE <% «T2r WM6 «S^ i?
Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street; Butte, Mont.. 110 North our office. ira>eung agents, only at
Main street. ' .
LI ISSUES
CLEVERLY EVADED
Maguire Opposed to War
Revenue.
RAILROADS AND MONOPOLIES
CHANGED RUNG ON THESE DEAD
ISSUES.
Used as a Pretext for Attacking His
Political Adversary, Henry
T. Gage, and His
Supporters.
REDWOOD, Cal., Oct. 6.— James G.
Maguire addressed an audience of
about 800 this evening at the Alhambra
Theater. His address lasted nearly two
hours and a half. Maguire's arrival
was a quiet affair. He came on the 6:30
p. m. train and was met at the station
by the reception committee, composed
of George H. Buck, C. J. Hynding, Dr.
Barret, L. J. Frank, J. R. Walker and
W. D. Crowe.
From the station Maguire was escort
ed to the Capitol Hotel, where the en
tire party partook of an elegant repast,
set for their especial benefit. At 7:30
p. m. music and the ring of anvils filled
the air and a bonfire burned along the
main streets. At 8 o'clock Maguire made
his appearance before the waiting au
dience.
Judge G. H. Buck made a short open
ing speech and then introduced James
G. Maguire. Maguire, as he stepped to
the front of the stage, received an ova
tion that lasted several minutes. He
opened his address by saying the Issues
of this campaign were important, as it
was a fight between the moneyed people
and monopolies and the worklngman.
He dwelt for some time on the mo
nopolies of the United States, and also
explained the workings of the Silver
Republican party. Continuing he said:
In discussing the issues of this cam
paign I take them up as they were adopt
ed at the Democratic convention; the lie
publicans evade the Issues as they art
laid down by their platform. I stand
ready to discuss any Issue of this cam
paign with any of my adversaries. About
three weeks ago my distinguished oppo
nent made his keynote speech at Los An
geles. It was found that this speech was
not the right keynote. A new speech was
then made, not by my opponent, but by
the great Southern Pacitic lawyer, Gen
eral W. H. L. Barnes.
General Barnes claims that the war
with Spain was a Republican war. I deny
it, it was an American war and was
fought by Democrats, Republicans, Popu
lists and all other parties, so I do not Bee
how that question can elect the Republi
can ticket In this State, as General Barnes
says it should. There is no premium upon
the loyalty of any party. I do not wish
to detract from the loyalty of my Repub
lican friends, but I believe the Democrats
were as. loyal in the Spanish-American
war as the Republicans. Let no party
claim the glory of the war as there was
an everlasting shame connected with the
late war and they that claim the glory
must bear the burden of the shame.
Maguire took up the late war and
dwelt for sometime upon the war tax,
and tried to show that the Democrats
had nothing to do with the present war
tax, which was a burden upon the
working class.
General Barnes, he declared, devoted
three columns of his speech to the
South Sea Islands, saying that the
question should be left open, as no man
was in a position to determine the ques
tion. General Barries, he said, also
claimed that the Pacific Railroad ques
tion is settled. The Little Giant then
went on to explain the matter. He at
tacked General Barnes and Henry T.
Gage throughout his explanation. He
took up the funding bill and harped
upon It so long that he had no time to
take up the main issue the State tick
et. He also repeated his speech of last
night by saying that the Republican
ticket might have been drawn up by the
Southern Pacific attorney, W. P. Her
rin. The remainder of his speech was
a repetition of his San Rafael address.
Hutchison, the Democratic nominee for
Lieutenant Governor, also addressed
the meeting^
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR ARRIVING.
Some Thirty Thousand of Them Will
Reach Pittsburg.
PITTSBURG, Oct. 6.— With the arrival
of Grand Commander H. H. Kuhn of
Pennsylvania to-day, and the opening of
the headquarters at the Monongahela
House, the triennial conclave of tht;
Knights Templar may be said to have
fairly commenced. From this tirrv< on
small bands of knights will arrive and by
Saturday night the first commanderies
will be here. The latest estimate of the
knights expected here places the number
at 30/HJO.
REPUBLICANS OF
MARIN NOMINATE
Strong- Ticket Placed in
the Field.
SMOOTH-SAILING CONVENTION
J. W. ATHERTON THE CHOICE
FOR ASSEMBLYMAN.
Robert Grasham Beats Bonneau for
Clerk — Supervisor Taylor for
Sheriff and Barstow for
Treasurer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 6.— The Marin
County Republican convention has
been relegated to the historical page.
When the convention was called to
order in the Superior Court room of the
Courthouse there were present eighty
three delegates, representing the pre
cincts of San Rafael, Sausalito, Rich
ardson, Las Gallinas, San Quentin, Sun
Anselmo, Mill Valley, Boltnas, Tomales,
Black, Larkspur, Olema, Tiburon, No
vato, San Antonio, Nicasio, Point
Reyes, Marshall and Belvedere.
William Barr called the convention
| to order and General Dickinson was se
i lected as temporary chairman by ac
j clarnation. J. Fottrell, J. H. Pryor and
; Fred Linsley were elected secretaries
in the same manner.
Committees -were appointed as fol
lows:
Credentials— W. S. Dreypolcher, W.
Davis, George E. Ring, C. H. Becker and
L. Bonnettl.
Permanent organization and order of
business — W. F. C. Eiasson, William Van
derbilt, P. J. Sartorl, A. Martinelli and J.
Bonner.
Platform— Henry Knittel. F. G. Water
house. Daniel E. Hayes, P. H. O'Brien
and Edward Bean.
The committee on platform brought
in a report indorsing the Republican
National and State platforms and rec
ommending that the Marin County
roads be made the best, in the State.
For Assemblyman four names were
presented— J. W. Atherton, T. V.
O'Brien, Orton Hubbell and Charles I.
■ Heverin. Hubbell withdrew, and the
first ballot resulted in 51 votes for
i Atherton, 10 for O'Brien and 22 for
Heverin. The result was greeted with
cheers and "throwdown" number one
i for the De Young forces.
For Sheriff and Tax Collector three
names were presented — William Barr
(chairman of the Board of Supervis
ors), William Taylor and Thomas
i Nichols. Taylor won the nomination
j by a vote of 51, Barr 19 and Nichols 12.
Long continued applause greeted the
result, and Mr. Barr was the first to
congratulate the winner.
Thomas Bonneau, the incumbent,
was then put forward as a candidate
for the nomination of County Clerk,
| his sole opponent being Robert
Graham, the popular conductor of the
narrow-gauge railroad. Graham won
with 44 votes. Bonneau received 39.
S. F. Baxstow was nominated for
' Treasurer by acclamation, no oppo
,/ietit caring to break a lance with the
bid warhorse.
For District Attorney E. B. Marti
nelli and T. P. Boyd were the only can
i didates. Martinelli received 48 votes to
I Boyd's 35. a good piece of "machine
! work" changing the outlook at the last
j moment.
: The candidates for Auditor were H. F.
j Taft, W. F. Dougherty, F. S. Holland,
! George F. Ryan. W. H. Vaughan, W.
H. Devalin and Matthew Canavan.
Five ballots were taken, and it was
only after the withdrawal of five
names that Taft triumphed by a
large majority. Ira L. Parks Cfor As
j sessor), Robert Furlong (for Superin-
I tendent of Schools), and George L.
: Richardson (for Surveyor) were nomi
j nated by acclamation. Edward Eden
| was nominated for Coroner. He re
ceived sixty-eight votes to Dr. J. K.
Frink's twelve, owing partly to a scur
rilous attack made by circulating cards
| printed by the notorious T. H. Rush.
At (5 p. m. a recess was taken for an
hour and a half, and on reconvening D.
L. Hayden was elected as nominee for
Supervisor from the Fifth District and
Will Barr from the First. George Rod
den beat E. Gardner by one vote for
Justice of the Peace of San Rafael
Township. George Agnew and John
Gannon were elected as nominees for
constable. J. H. Pryor was elected
chairman of the county committee.
The convention adjourned about 9
o'clock with three cheers for the suc
cess of the Republican party.
Sir Charle'- Dilke writes about the
Czar's peace union and the Anglo-
American alliancs in next Sunday's
Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 1 1 NO PAY TILL CURED. "
lffa r^^^ V*ir deposit the price
fc^ssliifc, I of a cure * n Bny
$$Wm, i&Mr^M* brink in San Fran -
jgUl fcj^jj'l \§*sS|~^gi§ a cure is effected
!]
j r|R. MEYERS & CO. HAVE CURED
j "and restored thousands of cases of
nervous debility and contracted ail-
ments which were abandoned as being
past all earthly aid by other leading
physicians. Dr. Meyers & Co. have
the largest practice and the best
equipped medical institution in Amer-
ica. Every member of the staff is a
i graduate from the best medical col-
leges in the world. They offer you
half a lifetime of practical experience.
Aavice and private book free at
office or by mail.
DR. METERS & CO.,
731 Market Street.
oT"?o T " ? PALACE «'J
•GRAND HOT MkM°
- BAJI FRA/VC/SCO. I?
*T Connected by a covered passageway.
O 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. ®
O All Under One Management. Q
0 KCIE THE PItICES: O
«. European Plan. Bl.oo per day and upward rt
American Plan.s3.<!o per day and upward O
Q Correepondenge Solicited. Q
q JOHN 0. EIRXFATRICE, Manager. q
aooooooocooooooooo
Use F^^l and
Facial Soap J^ ? Facial Cream.
Age, Illness, Care cause Wrinkles. Derma-
tologist JOHN 11. WOODBURY, 127 West 42d
St., N. V., 163 State st., Chicago, has had over
26 years" practical experience removing Wrin-
kles, Crow's Feet, etc. No pain.
Munyon's Headache and Indigestion Cure
is the only remedy on tl.e market that
will cure every form of Headache In 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and
every traveler's i ripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures, 25c.
MCTDX/ITiV stores VITALITY
*>•»--»• V I I M LOST VIGOR.
d£3B& """■ AND MANHOOD
fiBgj™*~l Cures Impolen«y Night Emissions and wasting
JRjgßjl^ H diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
i^bJ? ">iXl indiscretion. A nrrvctonic and klecd'bi:iHcr.
, \?. Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and re*
i fef*>i m J store* the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
! Kfras^lS'L box; 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
; X" guarantee to cure or refund the money.
i Rcirita medical C.i., CHnten * fcekson sis., GWcagj.
; WALLER BROS., S3 Grant are., San Francisco.
I
> PDTTQUI7Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
I ,Dl\U JTIXIIO ers - bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
I brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers, • . nners.
dyers, flourrmlls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories.
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 60s) Sacramento St
'-Li*ss&!£s£-&P NO QUACKS."
3*sB!j|rwCWSfwtS£ A srood Electric Belt
4^WjS^*>^Ctva vill cure WITHOUT
Ejtf^FSv2Vf^%^^':i-:DI<JINE. Buy no
§wfi : *--~^S ; '*"£s^— fesJ^a^ 611 till you see "Dr.
T^^^rV^ftT^.-^l'if'rce's." Book free.
Call or address.
ti£fi3pX/sB^,K?< PIERCE KLECTRIC
Jir.^tilf* " CO 62 ° MARKET
Vyi STREET, opp. Palaca Hotel.
Mention \>»* ban Francisco.
this paper.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling. Proprietor and Manager.
LAST NIGHTS
Balfe's Favorite Ballad Opera,
THE BOHEMIAN GIRL
AN ALL STAR CAST.
GRAND MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2 P. M.
SKATS ON SALE FOR
NEXT WEEK— Opening of THE COMIC
OPERA SEASON. The new operatic fantasie,
"THE CIRCUS QUEEN."
Mirth. Melody. Dance.
Popular prices, 25c and 50c. N. B. — A reserved
seat for the matinee 25c. Our telephone Bush 9.
A T (~* \ *J \ Y\ SEATS BY PHONE
AL,UAZ<At< Main 254.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT, SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
Last Performance
"IN MIZZOURA!"
re s e e at v ed 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Next Monday Night Belasco and De Mille's Ex-
quisite Flay, THE WIFE.
Emma : Carrie, I think Elsie makes such a mistake to be taking
tonics all the time. My experience is that a tonic ii
only good after I have had a regular house cleaning,
and after that I don't seem to need any tonic. It It
remarkable how well Ripans Tabules suit my case. Z
don't take one once a week, but whenever I do they
do the business.
Carrie • The tabules contain nux, and that is a tonic.
; I don't care what they contain, they are just woodorfa|^
AMUSEMENTS. .
BALDWIN THEATER.
EVERY EVENING, INCLUDING SUNDAY
F"R/\\A/LEY CO.
Aug-ustin Daly's Charming Comedy,
THE LAST WORD.
BLANCHE BATES AS VERA.
Regular Frawley prices, 25c, 50c, 75c and $1.
Next Week— Henry Arthur Jones' Great
Drama, "THE DANCING GIRL."
COLUMBIA THEATER.
NANCE~O f NEIL
and THE McKEE RANKIN CO..
To-Night and Balance of Week
"CAMILLE."
Next Week— Last Nights of NANCE O'NEIL.
Elaborate Production of Ristori's
ELIZABETH, QUEEN OF ENGLAND.
NOTE THE VAUDEVILLE MONARCHS!
EVERT ACT A HIT.
CAWTHORN and FORRESTER, In a sreat
comedy skit, "A DAMAGE SUIT."
HUGH J. EMMET, Premier Ventriloquist.
MULVEY and IN MAN', Character Changes.
CARPO BROS., Wonder Gymnasts.
MR.and MRS. R. J. DUSTIN and COM-
PANY, ANGLO-AMERICAN QUARTET.
LEW HAWKINS, Monologlst.
THE PAOLIS and DOG.
THE BIOGRAPH. new views.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony. 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
ALHAMBRA.
Corner of Eddy and Jones streets. Tel. 8. 485.
Received With Uproarious Applause!
ROBERT DOWNING AND COMPANY
In the "GLADIATOR."
GEO. BONIFACE and <>ONNA FERNER
In a Comedy "A GAME OF LOBBY."
WILL S RISING AND COMPANY
In Offenbach's Sparkling Operatta "THE ROSH
OF AUVERGNE."
FOUR OLlFANS— Continental Eccentrics.
LILLIAN SMITH. Champion Rifle Shot of th«
World.
FORD & LEWIS, "The New York Sport«."
McBRIDE & DALLON. Irish Duo.
THE SENSATIONAL AUSTINS.
THE HUMAN FLY. AIMEE.
POPULAR PRICES.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
25 cents. Children 10 cents, any seat.
MOROSCO'S GRANDE
V altkii Mokosco, Sole Lessee and .Manager
1 Second week of
JAMES M. BROPHY.
Elaborate production of McKee Rankln'a great
"THE RUNAWAY WIFE"
A beautiful domestic comedy-drama.
NEW SCENERY. STRONG CAST.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Green 861.
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . lOc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
COMEDY THEATER.
TO-N T GHT THE GREAT MILITARY EVENT.
THE JOSSEY-MARVIN COMPANY
In the American war drama of to-day.
THE SIGNAL OF LIBERTY.
EVery Evening. Souvenirs for AH Saturday
and Sunday Matinees.
Prices always — Evenings inc. 25c, 35c and 50c
Matinees 2£.c to all parts, gallery 15c.
Seats. Comedy Theater and 710 Market st.
Coming— Charming CLARA THROPP.
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
..NEXT SATURDAY AND SUNDAY..
, A GREAT EVENT!
"THE OPEN STAKE."
ENTRANCE FEE |2 50.
October 15 and 16— Non-Winners' Stake.
October 22 and 23— An Open Stake.
October 29 and 30— A Sapling and an Open
Stake.
Entrance fee to each stake will be $2 50.
To reach the Ingleslde Coursing Park take a
Mission street car and it will land you at the
gates.
ADMISSION. 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
SfINKEY BROS..
AGNES CASTOR. Soprano; MARINO, Ysaye's
Pride; "YOUNG BANDOW"; JAPAN-
ESE ACROBATS.
And a Great Bill in the FREE THEATER.
SEE SIX BABY ALLIGATORS IN THE ZOO!
10c including Zoo and Theater. Children sc.
BALLOON ASCENSION SUNDAY.
OLYMPIA Mason street, corner of
ULiYIYiPIA Eddy.
The Great Eastern Star
IRENE FRANKLIN! IRENE FRANKLIN!
And 10 all-star pets.
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE SUNDAY.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 A. M. to 6 P. M. During
the Winter Season.
ADMISSION lOc - - - - CHILDREN So
Bathing, with admission, 25c; children, 20c.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bllver unchanged.
Wheat steadier. Barley quiet.
Oats continue active and firm.
Free shipments of Corn coming.
Hay very strong. Feedsturfs firm.
Beans. Seeds a:-, i Dried Peas quiet
Potatoes and Onions off again.
Butter steady. Eggs dragging.
Poultry firm.
Game scarce and high.
Fruit In large supply.
Dried Fruit rules dull.
Slight decline In Honey.
Provisions as usual.
Hops very firm.
"Wool and Hides quiet.
Ko change in Meats.
Brazilian Coffee crop short.
THE NATIONAL SITUATION.
Condition of the Markets From a Wall-Street
Standpoint.
The circular of Henry Clews, under date of
New York. October 1, says: "Prices on the
Stock Exchange have undergone a reaction, the
end of which is difficult to determine. There
have been good reasons for the present decline.
The buying power of the public had been ex
hausted, and peace having been amply dis
counted, some new stimulus was necessary for
continuance of the uDward movement. The
big holders of stocks have materially lessened
their holdings, and are therefore quite willing
to see a lower range of values on which to
base a fresh advance. At the same time the
public are stubborn bulls and refuse to sell
while railroad and business prospects continue
encouraging. Yet. temporary conditions penult
demonstrations on the bear side .if th« market,
and so long as the leaders >>n the bull side.
hold aloof, they are likely to meet with mure
or les* success. We do not attach much im
portance to the political situation. Just now
speculators are putting unfavorable construc
tions upon the drift of politics, mainly to suit !
their own ends. It is to their advantage to
frighten timid holders of stocks. The vital
point of the next election, however, will be the
sound money vote, and there Is happily no i
prospect of its diminution. On the contrary, I
It is probable that the next Congress will show .
both brancr.es of the Legislature to be on the
Bide of sound money: and the annual political ;
scare on this issue is likely to be of much less j
consequence than ufual.
'•Perhaps the most unfavorable factor In the
outlook Is the price of wheat, 78 cents for Sep
tember contracts in New York against 95 cents
a year ago. Farmers are in consequence hold
ing back supplies to the detriment of railroad
tarnings. This, however, is only a temporary |
element, as wheat must come forward later in |
large quantities to meet foreign demands, ana I
if at improved prices so much the better for the
West at large. A good deal of comment is also j
heard about cotton having touched the lowest j
price on record. Owing to the reduced cost of |
production In the new districts, which now j
grow a large proportion of the crop, this Is not |
bo serious a matter as appears, In some dis- j
tricts the excessively low price will be severely |
felt hut the Increasing diversification of Indus- :
try in the South Is proving an "set, and in I
the newer regions the large crop means fair i
prosperity. Cotton growing le conducted on
such peculiar economic conditions that large
cr pa and low prices do not always mean the |
came effects as in the caise of other crops.
"Briefly, we have in the side of lower prices |
exaggerated political uncertainties, a back- j
ward grain movement anl correspondingly dl- :
mlnish.vi railroad earnings. t< gather with the i
fact that the market leaders encouraged by th* :
break in the Industrials are working for lower
prices. On the side of higher prices wo have
an assurance of improve! political conditions
end an era of steady business prosperity. In
the long run the latter Influences will assert
themselves. For the present, however, they i
are temporarily overruled by the first named ,
conditions, leaving the situation favorable
chiefly to quick returns."
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Mi r Iflc Time.)
PAX FRANCISCO, r >ct. S, IS9B. 5 p. m.
Th» following maximum temperatures were
repor- tations in California to-day:
Eureka. 62: Fresi 76: 3 ' 78; Red
Bluff. 70; San Luis Obtspo. 74: San Diego, 74;
Sacramento. 7"; Independence, 74; Tuma. 94.
Pan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62: minimum, "4: !;>-an.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND (IKNKRALi
F 1 >RE< 'AST
The changes in pressure during the past 24
hours over the Pacific Slope have been slight.
During the past 12 hours there has been a
slight fall along the Washington and Oregon
Coast.
The temperature has risen slightly over the
Pacific Slope except along th*> central and
Southern California Coast, where there has
been a slight fall.
The weather is generally clear over the Pa
cific States and cloudy over the central Rocky
Mountain region, where light rain is reported.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, October 7. IS3S:
Northern California— Fair Friday, except
partly cloudy along the coast; fresh to brisk
west wind.
them California— Fair Friday; fresh west
wind.
Nevada— Friday.
— Cloudy Friday, probably with showers
In northern portion.
■:a— Fair Friday.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
■ t brisk weal ■ -
■ .
68; temperature, 33: maximum tem
<; H WILLSON.
tat Offl lal.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NF.W TORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Oct. 6.— lnfluences governing l
the Ftock market to-day were largely confined
to developments in the specialties. The status
of the var in the tuig-ar trade was momentarily |
lost s'.prht of owing to consistent support to !
the stock. A further reduction in refined was j
a signal for a raid, hut after effecting a break j
of a point the stock rallied strongly and event- i
ually ruled a point above yesterday's closing j
price. Subsequent weakness robbed It of practi- j
cally all the gain and continued heaviness else
where. Pool buying was evident during the j
course of the day. and this fuctor in addition j
to moderate outside purchases, embracing a
largo pprlnkling of the Inactive stocks occa-
Blonally sustained prices, although the general
run of stocks favored a I'jwm level. Liquida- j
tion was very pronounced in Northern Pacific ;
common. I'nlon' Pacific. Denver and Gulf, Lor- j
aln preferred and Tobacco. The latter broke i
4%. but rebounded frequently, and cli Bed a
point above the lowest. President Duke was :
quoted as refusing to deny or confirm the cur
rent rumors regarding the negotiations with
Western plants. Dullness became quite pro
nounced during the afternoon and but a few
changes of note occurred, except where special I
considerations operated. Operations by the '
arbitrage interests were on both sides, early
purchases being thrown over when the reac- !
nary tendency became marKed. Reports of !
railway earnings from the less important lines !
■which averaged well, coupled with encouraging •
statements from influential officials regarding |
the outlook for general business and the an
nouncement of the appointment of the arbltra- '
tlon committee to settle the long standing fight |
•between the Canadian Pacific and the Ameri
can trans-continental lines regarding the ques
tion of differentials between Atlantic and Pacl
"c Coast points, did not arouse much enthusi- :
asm In the prices of the railways outside of
the Grangers, and some of the Southwesterns |
did not get up to last night's level, and final j
prices all round were about the lowest.
The bond market continued to reflect a stead
ily increased outside demand which found ex
pression In purchases of the standard mort
gages and speculative buying of the middle
grade Issues.
Wisconsin Central firsts were in exceptional ■
demand, and at one time showed a rise of 2 i
to 59. but subsequently suffered from realiza
tion* and lost half the gain. Total sales, $2,
237.000.
Government bonds were unchanged In bid ,
prices, but an active demand for threes ad- I
vanced them 14.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 306.514
nhares. including: Atchlson preferred, 12.500; j
Burlington, 4800; Metropolitan. 20,820; Northern ]
Pacific. 5420; do preferred, 6330; Rock Island, i
2000; Union Pacific, 6400; do preferred, 8549; St. ;
Paul, 7150; U. P.. D. & G., 8200: Cotton Oil.
3220; Tobacco. 53, 290: CO. W.. 4370; People's
Gas, 090; Sugar, 71,374; Rubber. 8740.
CLOSING" STOCKS.
Atchtson 12Vi St P M & M 165
Do prfed 33% So Pacific 2S
B & O. 2d ant pd.. 40% ! So Rallwa..y 8% '
Canada Pacific S4V4 | Do prefd 33%
Canada Southern.. Texas & Pacific... 13%
Central Pacific 25 Union Pacific 32 I
Ches & Ohio 21% Do prefd 64** !
Chi & Alton 152 UPD & G 2"* .
Chi B & Q 114% Wabash 7%
Chi & E 111 55% Do prefd 20%
Do prefd 105%. Wheel & L E 3 >» ;
CCC& St L 40% Do prefd 19
Do prefd 85 Express Companies —
pel & Hudson 106% Adams Ex./ 110
Del L * W 160% American Ex 130
Don A- Rio G 13% United States 40
Do prefd 54% Wells Fargo 120
Erie (new) 13*), Miscellaneous —
Do Ist prefd 84$; A Cot Oil 35%
Fort "Wayne 170 Do prefd 86
Gt Nor prefd 134 Amn Spirits 11%
Hocking Val 5 Do prefd 33
Illinois Central.... 110% Am Tobacco 124%
Lake Erie & W.... 15% Do prefd 121
Do prefd 71 People's Gas 104%
Lake Shore 192% Cons Gas 171
Louis & Nash 64% Com Cable Co 1«5
Manhattan L 93 Col F & Iron 21
Met St ny 164% Do prefd 80
Mich Central 106% Gen Electric (new) SO
Minn &St L 26 Illinois Steel 70
Do Ist prefd 89 La Clede Gad iS%
Mo Pacific 32% Lead 32%
Mobile & Ohio 27 Do prefd 10S
Mo X & T 10% Nat Lin Oil 2%
Do prefd 33 Haw Com Co 32%
Chi Ind & L 8% Pacific Mall 32%
Do prefd 29% Pullman Pal 189
N J Central 91% Silver Certificates. 80 j
N T Central 115% Standard R & T.. 6%
N V Chi & St L.. 12 Sugar 113%
Do Ist prefd 60 Do prefd 105%
Do 2d prefd 31 TC & Iron 27
Nor West 13 I" S Leather 6Vi
No Amer Co CVi Do prefd C 4»%
No Pacific 40% U S Rubber 39%
Do prefd T.'\ Do prefd 102-*
Ontario & W 15^4 West Union '■' j
Or It & Nay 55 C & N W 130V4
Or Short Line 2SV* Do prefd I"
Plttsburg 16S St L & S W ♦%
Heading 17% Do prefd H"»
Do Ist prefd 424, R G W 27
Rook Island 107% Do prefd 6o
St Louis & 3 F.... 7% Intl Paper »3 l
Do Ist prefd 64 Do prefd 87
Do 2d prefd 30% Pac C Ist prefd.... BO
St Paul 107 1 * Do 2d prefil 60
Do prefd 162* Brooklyn R T 66%
St 1' & Om 7' " Minn Irnn i»4'~s
Do prefd 167 Chi G W 14%
CLOSING BONDS.
T S 3s 105% N J C 5a 113%
r S new 4s reg....12«% N Carolina 6s 122
Do coup 123% Do 4s 103
U B 4s Iluy No Pan lsts 116H
Do coup 110% Do 3s 66*;
Do 2-1- ■■'■■>'■* Do 4s ion*»
US '.s reg 112U N V C & St L .1041*
Do 5s coup iI2W Nor & W 6s 123
District 3 6.'.9 117';. Northwestn c0n15.142%
Ala class A 108 Do deb Sb 120
, Do P. LOS O Nay lsts 114
Do C 100 O Nay As H'.r-i
D Currency 105 O S Line 6s tr....127'<,
Atchlson is 93% O S Line 5s tr....106%
D «dj 4s 71 7 i Pacific 6s of 95....1n2' 2
: Can So 2ds 109^ Reading 4s 32%
Chi Term 4s 90 RG W lsts Sf>%
C & Ohio 5s 115% St L & I M C 55.. 98
C II & D 4^s 104% St L & S F 'I 65.. 119%
D & R G lsts 110% St P Con 153
D & R Cx 4s yTV* .St P C & P-lsts..llSlj
East Term lsts 106% Do 5s 117
Erie Gen 4s 71 So Railway 5s 97%
FXV & D lsts tr.. 75's Stand It & T 65... 76 j
Gen Elec 5s lOS'i Term new set 38... 93 I
G H & S A6s 104 Tex Pac L G 15t5..107
Do 2ds 105 Do Kg 2ds 46
ii & T C 5s 1104 Union Pa ■ -is 99
Do con 6s 110% V P D & G lsts... 771.4
lowa 1" Ist* lo44iWab Ist os 112%
La new con 4s 105 ', Do 2ds 894
LAN Uni 4s SSVj'W Shore 4s lrts^
Missouri 6s 100 Vn Centuries 7S
M X & T 2dS OS Do deferred 5
Do 4s 8S T i Wis Cent lsts 58%,
N V Central 15t5. .117%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar is Ontario 3 R0
Crown Point 12 Ophlr 5!
Con al & Va 72' Plymouth 13
Deadwood 351 Quicksilver 125
Gould & Curry 31 ! Do prefd 360
Hale & Norcross.. 1 00 Sierra Nevada 78
Homestake 46 00 Standard 170
Iron Silver 60 Union Con 20
Mexican 21 1 Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
Money— I Westinghouse El.. 33»4
Call loans 2 <?3%JEd Elec Tel 130
Time loans 3%@44 Gen El pfd (new). l6B
Stocks— Atch prefd 33%
A T & S F 12% I Bonds—
Amer Sugar 113«» ' Atchlson 4s 934
Do prefd - . 106 |\Vis Cent Is 5S' 9
Bay State Gas 1% I Do 6s ]2."jU,
Bell Tel 280 Mining Shares—
Boston & Albany. .2so Alloucz Mm.Co 3%
Boston & Maine. .l 63 Atlantic 254
Boston L 70 Boston & Mont 23!)
Chi Bur & Q 114% Butte & Boston... 23%
Fitchburg 104% Calumet & Hecla.sSo
Gen Electric (new) 7.'- 2 Centennial  17%
111 Steel 70% Franklin I.V;
Mexican Central... 4" Old Dominion 2>K
N V & N Eng 100 [Osceola 58%
Old Colony 192 ,Qulncy 117
Or Short Line 29 Tamarack 174
Rubber 39 Wolverine 26Vi
Union Pac 32% ' PParrott t 2:r-<,
West End S5 ;Humboldt 24%
Do prefd 107 I
\" MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. The Eveninr Post's
i financial cablegram says: The stock markets
here were quiet to-day. They opened flat on
developments regarding Fashoda and closed
generally at about the lowest. Not the least
important factor is the financial situation In
Germany, to which special reference was made
In these dispatches on the 23d of September.
Berlin has been speculating in Industrial se
; curities In ail parts of the world, In addition
| to American shares anil there Is some danger of
an overstrain. Hankers here are beginning to
throw out a certain class of German bills,
drawn on German uses with only foreign
agencies here. I learn that large amounts were
lent to-day to Germany for three months at
44 1 * per cent. To-day's further rise of 1-16 per
1 cent In London discounts Is due to this Ger
man position.
A rise In the discount rate of the Bank of
Germany is looked for by Monday next, but it
is not certain. Americans were dull, closing
at the lowest. Spanish fours. Portuguese se
curities and mines were all depressed on Paris
selling. Grand Trunk was lower on realiza
tions. Console were flat on Faehoda.
CLOSING.
! Canadian Pacific. 67%; Grand Trunk, 7%. Bar
Silver dull, 27 l-10d per ounce; Money, 1% per
cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Oct. 6.— FLOUR— Receipts. 21.
434 barrels; exports, 4457 barrels. The market
' was a shade steadier but without change.
WHEAT Receipt". 239.757 bushels: exports,
i 159,600 bushels. Spot firm; No. 2 red, 7:>\ 4 : f. o.
h. afloat. Options opened weak and declined
under disappointing cables and foreign selling,
I particularly May wheat, which ruled weak all
! day and closed He net lower. Other options.
! however, experienced an afternoon rally In coy-
I erlng, strength on cash circles, big export rte
dand. Closed unchanged to '•.. ■• net higher; No.
2 I'd May. 68 9-16<Ji6S T %c closed 6S & »c.
HOPS— Firm.
WOOL Dull.
PIG IRON— Firmer; Southern, $9 75<310.
SPELTER— Steady.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged, but firm, $12 25.
TIN— Firmer, but active. $16 15.
LEAD— DuII and easy, $3 87H; brokers.
$3 77Mt
COFFEE — Options closed steady, prices s@lo
points lower. Sales, 20,750 bags. Including
i March, $5 Ss<Bs 90. Spot coffee— Rio steady:
; No. 7 invoice, 614 c;6 1 4c; No. 7 jobbing, C\c. Mild,
| quiet and steady; Cord : •■/ 13c.
' SUGAR Dull; v.r.ik and nominal; fair refin
i ing. S\c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 3-32; molasses,
i S''jC. Refined, weak and Irregular: mold A,
1 D'ic; standard A and confectioners' A, 4%c; cut
i loaf, H»c: crushed, 3'sc; powdered and cubes,
i s>*c; granulated. sc.
P.UTTEK— Receipts. 3900 packages. firm;
i Western creamery, I.V ■/"'■'■..■- : Elgins, 2' v ; c;
■ factory, imfil4Hc; Imitation factory, ]3@l4c.
EGOS— Receipts, 6613 packages. Firm; West
: crn, 17Hc.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK". Oct. B.— California dried fruits
Btead3
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6@Sc;
prime win tray B\fcc; chi Ice, So: fancy, 9%c.
PRUNES *
APRICOTS Royal, ll@13c; Moorpark, I
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7®9c; peeled, 12#16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Oct. 6.— Opening prices for wheat
showed a slight decline from yesterday, De
cember starting at 62%@62Hc. Though the early
news was somewhat bullish in tone. It was evi
dent that shorts had pretty well covered their
lines yesterday, for the market showed no re
sponsiveness, and on the contrary showed weak
ness for some time after the opening. In haif
an hour December had been sold down to €2%
QC2%c. under rather free general selling. Liv
erpool was %d higher. Northwestern receipts
were considerably smaller than of late. New
York reported foreigners good bidders for
spring wheat for shipment. After the first
selling (lurry was over the market became ex
cessively dull, and prices kept within a narrow
range for some time, though a gradual im
provement in tone was noticeable. Outside
markets were all stronger than this, Minnesota
and Duluth going especially strong for cash
wheat. Foreign markets also showed strength,
due to the dry weather in England and on the
Continent. The market reached Its highest
point shortly before the close, December get
ting up to 62%:&'02V, closing at G2%@62%c. a
shade advance over yesterday-.
Corn was slow all day with prices Inclined
to droop. , Cables were not so strong as ex
pected. December closed with a decline of Vie.
The market for oats was very quiet, with
prices a little lower, mainly in sympathy with
corn. May closed a shade lower at 2274 c.
Little was done In provisions. The market
early was weak but later in the day good buy
ing advanced prices. They closed with a gain
of £®5%c on the day.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
October 62% 62% 62% 62%
December 62% 02% 62% 62%
May C 4% 64% C 3% 64%
Corn, No. —
October 29% 29% 29% 29%
December 29% *»% 29% 29%
May 82 32 31% 31%
Oats. No. 2—
December 21% 21% 21% 21%
May 23 23 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
December 7 77% 7 87% 7 77% 785
January 8 82% 8 87% 8 52% BSo
Lard, per 100 lbs—
December 4 62% 4 77% 4 62% 475
January 476 4 87% 4 72% 485
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
October 8 17% 620 5 17% 520
January 4 56 4 65 4 65 4 65
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet; No. 2 spring wheat 62c; No. 3
spring wheat, f. o, b.. 59<&61%c; No. 2 red. f.
O. b., 62%@64%c; No. 2 corn, 29%@29%c; No. 2
oats, 22@22%c; No. 2 white, f. o. b., 23'i@25%c:
No. 3 white. 23%@24c; No. 2 rye. 46c; No. 2
barley, f. o. b.. 34«44c: No. l flax seed. S9%c:
prime timothy seed, $2 27%; mess pork, per
barrel, $7 80®7 85: lard, per 100 pounds, $4 67%
@4 77%; short ribs sides (loo*c), %'\ 10-S5 30; dry
salted shoulders (boxed). 4%«tM%c; short clear
sides (boxed), »5 30@5 40; whisky, distillers'
finished goods, per gallon, $1 25.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bushels 16,000 15.000
"Wheat, bushels 273.000 56.000
Corn, bushels 681.000 320.000
Oats, bushels 476,000 283,000
Rye, bushels 40,000 15.000
Barley, bushels 160,000 17.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 7, 13l>».
market was steady; Creameries, 13?i'19%c; Dai
ries, 12@17c. Cheese, steady, 7%@Sc. Eggs,
firm; fresh, 14c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipt*. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 303.000 144,800
Duluth <••<• S.V7 368.012
Milwaukee 88,850 73.650
Chicago 272.750 56.635
Toledo 76,836 3,000
St. Louis ,
Detroit 46,555 20,774
Kansas City
Totals ,
Tidewater
Boston 75,728
New York 289,575 159,607
Philadelphia 62,792 ' 89,385
Baltimore 61,852
New Orleans
Galveston
Totals
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Dec. Mar.
Opening 5 5% 5 5%
Closing 5 si 5 5
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Oct. Jan.-Apr.
Opening 47 95 46 30
Closing
Wheat-
Opening 21 75 21 63
Closing
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Oct. CATTLE— Native beef
steers, $4@4 75 for common to fair grades, and
at $s<gs 60 for pretty good to choice droves,
with extra cattle firm at $5 7<o@s SO. Sales
largely 54 90<g* 50, with a good many fed West
erns selling nt $4 25@5 £5: stockers and feeders,
$3 25@4 70; canners' and butchers' cows,, $2 60@
3 50; strictly choice veal calves, 7 ■• .- 725 per 100
pounds; grass Texas cattle, $2 b(ru3 60
HOGS— Sales were largely at $3 60@3 70 with
commonest lots selling at $3 30@3 40. and the
i.'-it at $3 50@3 75.
SHEEP— Were In good demand on a basis of
Jjivßo for culls up to $4 30@4 50 for good to choice
nocks, rangers selling nearly as high as na
tives; Western feeding sheep, $4@4 20; lambs.
8404 SO for common up to $5 Ss®6 for choice to
prime natives: Western range lambs, 15#o 75;
feeders, $4,5 4 90.
Receipts— Cattle, 7500; Hogs, 32,000; Sheep, 11,-
OMAHA
OMAHA, Oct 6. CATTLE— Receipts, 4600.
Market steady. Native beef steers $1 .«
Western steers, $;< 70@4 60; Texas steers |
4; cows and heifers, 83@3 88; stockers and feed
ers. 83 1 -o 40 bulls, stags, etc., $2 25@3 75.
HOGS Receipts 5100. Market steady. Heav
ies, $3 50@3 55; mixed. $3 52@3 55; light, :
bulk of sales. «.•;
SHEEP- Receipts 4200. Market steady. Na
tive muttons, S3 20@4 40; stockers and l
s3 50#4; lambs, %4,,:. 40.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Oct. 6.— CATTLE— Receipts
Best, steady; others, slow. Native 1
83 r.i'jt", 55; Texas steers, JL' ;:-;4 4:, Texas 1 ows
I 10; native cows and heifers, $1 !
atockers and feeders, J3@4 50; bulls f. 1 ■
HOGS— Receipts, 6 Market 5c lower; hulk
of sales. S3 45@3 56; heavies S3 45®3 60; pack
ers. S3 40^3 60; mixed. S3 40@3 55; lights, S3 '." ■(
350 yorkers, S3 50@3 55; i-l^s, |3 25@3 55.
SHEEP- Receipts 3<>on. Market steady.
Lambs, $4 25@5 20; muttons. J3fi4 25.
DENVER.
DENATER, Oct 6.— CATTLE— Receipts SW.
Market steady. Beef Bteers, 13 ■. 4 20; cows.
60; fei d.-rs. freight ; aid t 1 river, $3 SO<jj
4 25; stockers, do, *3 90@4 25; bulls, sta«.«, etc
82@3.
HOGS Receipts 500 Markei 5c lower; weak
light ; . ■ •:; 60®3 65; mixed, $3 56@2 60;
heavy, »;: 5( -;3 55.
SHEEP Receipts, 3000. Market steady.
'. od fat muttons. S3@4; lambs, 84 2306 25.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Karl Fniit Company's sales of California
fruit:
CHICAGO, Oct. 6. —Crapes— Tokay. 60c "'
average 69c; Mus I iverage 83c; Fer
erra. 75c; Malagas, SI 4".
The Porter Br s. Company's sales of Califor
nia fruit:
CHICAGO, Oct. 6.— Grapes— Black M -
ngle irate; Tokays, 7oc@sl 65; Muscats,
SOcfill ! $: i: Five care
The Porter !-;r.<>. Company's .-^llen of Cali
fornia fruit:
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— Grapes Tokays, *
tes; BlacS Morocco, }! 35;
' II 1 Bort
. ■ ther varltles, 45®" • . P( ach< - Sal
ways, 40<590c per box; G
Edward's ■ r»i Mitchell i''.'.::ks, 40c,
en cars on the market.
BOSTON, Oct. • Grapet Tokay, 95c@»l 70,
average %\ 26. Pears Bartletts $2
average. $2 02: half boxes, $1 63. Peaches Sal
way, ;.."..'(isl 06, average Sic Fuur cars sold.
\\ eather pleuaant.
THE RAISIN MARKET.
NEW YORK. Oct. 6.— The Journal of Com
merce says: While in some quarters there Is
still a fueling- of uncertainty as to the ability
of the California Raisin Growers' Association
to carry out Its prop Bed programme for the
regulation of market values during the cur
rent season the recent announcement of the
directors of that body has had the effect of
causing a better feeling, and more confidence
is felt In the ability of the organization to
carry out its plans for the betterment of the
raisin Industry. The extension of the time for
making deliveries to October IS relieves the
situation, as it will admit of the confirmation
of a number of orders th.it could not have
been filled so as to come under the original
time limit. There Is a more confident feeling
here In the ability of the association to control
the market, but at the same time buyers ■ (.>
pear to be cautious and seem to be In no hurry
to place orders for forward shipment*. The
assertion that "No rain damaged raisins will
be packed as standard goods" and that "such
as have been rained on. but are not seriously
injured will be packed as ungraded loose mus
catels," seems to give general satisfaction, as
it had been feared that an effort would be
made to market these goods as prime.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Oct. 8 Consols, 109 13-10; Silver,
27 13-1'"!; French Rentes, 102f 3y,<-: wheat car
goes off const, buyers and sellers apart; car
goes on passage, sellers at advance, 3s Cd;
English country markets, quiet.
Li\ ERPOOL, Oct. 6.— Wheat, steady; wheat
in Paris, quiet: flour in Paris, quiet: French
country markets, firm: cotton, uplands, 3%.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Spot, No. 2 red western winter,
steady; 5s 111; No. 1 red northern spring,
steady, 6s Id.
CORN— Spot American mixed, firm, 3s 4%d;
October, steady, Se 4%dj November, steady, 3s
4?Sd.
WHEAT — Futures closed quiet; December, is
5%d: March. .'s sd.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 6.— Wheat—
Walla, 55®57c; Valley, 59@60c, Receipts 1»4
cats.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Oct. -Wheat— 58c;
Blue -in, 61c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. Oct. 6.— Exchanges, $478,303;
balances, J104.3C6.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
! Sterling Exchange." 60 days — $4 83
Sterling Exchange. ■■' :ht — 4 85
Sterling Cables — 4 >:.%
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
. New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60
Mexican Dollars 47% 47%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— firmer in sympathy with the
! other markets, but spot prices remained the
same. Futures tended upward.
Spot Shlppi-.i- $1 15@1 17%; milling.
' $1 20@l 22%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — December
j 2000 ctls, $1 16%; 14,000. $1 16%.
Second Session — December — 6000 ctls, $1 17
4000, $1 17%: 6000, $1 17%: 6000, $1 17%.
Regular Morning Session — December — 2000 ctls,
! *1 17%; IS.OOO, $1 17%.
Afternoon Session — December — 28,000 ctls,
$1 17%.
BARLEY— There is no change to report.
i Offerings meet with little attention.
Feed. $1 21H@1 23%: Brewing. $1 25 for No. 2.
call boa:." sales.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— December— ctls. $1 24%.
Regular Morning Session — December — 10C0 ctls
$1 23%; 16,000. Jl 23%.
1 Afternoon Session— — 4000 ctls, $1 22%.
I OATS— The activity continues and the feeling
Is firm. In spite of free receipts from the north.
There is no advance, however.
Fancy Feed. $1 27%?T1 30 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 20®l 25; common. $1 lSfgl 17%: Sur
prise, $130@132%; Gray. $1 17%@1 20; milling.
Jl 20@l 25 per ell ; Red, Jl 25@1 45; Black, Jl 50®
I 170. "
! CORN— feeling is easy, owing to free ship
ments now headed this way from the East.
' The demand Is slack and the tendency Is down
1 rather than otherwise. .
Small round yellow. $1 20; Eastern large yel
• low, Jl 07%i®1 10; white, $1 10«5>l 12%; mixed.
$1 02%<£?l 05 per ctl; California White, Jl 12Vi<ij)
IE.
RYE— JI 2n<i?l 22% per ctl.
! BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, J4 15@4 25; bakers'
extras. $49* 15 per bbl.
; MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
! usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
J3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100: Rice
■■ Flour, V; Cornmeal, 52 50; extra cream Corn
; meal. $3 25; Oatmeal J4 25: Oat Groat*. J4 50;
Hominy, $3 2503 £0; Buckwheat Flour. J4®4 25;
I Cracked Wheat. $3 76; Farina, J4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 5"; Rolled Oats (barrels), J5 85
06 26; in sacks, 85 66®6 05; Pearl Harley, $5;
Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market rules very firm at the quo
tations and dealers are talking of another ad
vance. Alfalfa alone is weak, as over half
Of the receipts are of this description. The
demand for Wheat is as strong as ever and
sales are beine made over the quotations.
Some outside Alfalfa is coming In.
Hran and Middlings are firm, but no higher.
BRAN— II 3 60@16 per ton.
MIDDLINGS SlS®2 : r tnn.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, 826 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. S3l(ffi3l 50; Jobbing.
$32<@32 50; Oocoanut Cake f24©25; Cot
Meal, S2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50®24 50;
Cracked Corn, $2!rt?25.
CALIFORNIA HAY - V'heat. 517®19 50 for
tc< ■ 1 to choice and lir.-TTlfi for lower grades; no
fancy oomlns In: Wheat and Oat, S15318: Oat.
50; Island Barley $12 So@l4: Alfalfa. $11
(Sl2: Stock. 111^12 50; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Alfalfa. $10fi 10 50 per ton,
STRAW— IO@7Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEKDS
Beans are quiet and a few chancres will be
observed.
Dried Peas are dull, as the market la over
stocked at the moment.
Mustard Seed is dull, and holders make con
cessions to effect sales.
BEANS— Bayoa, $185®1 95; Small Whites. 82®
2 15; Large Whites, r. :."<; 1 7 : Pinks, $2 35(8)
2 40: Reds. $3: Blackeye, S3 25@3 50; Butters.
nominal; Limas, S3 25@3 35; Pea, Jl Ss@2; Red
. $-' ' per ctl. '
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. J4 r.OTTH 75 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. }4@4 25; Flax. 52@2 10; Canary
Seed. 2V-V' per lb; Alfalfa. 5%<96c; Rape.
%c: Hemp, 2\@3c; Timothy, 5®5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 35@1 65; Green, $150
i^l 75 ijer ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions are weak and both are
(-■lightly lower.
Vegetables are off again, as the recent ad
vance called in Increased shipments.
POTATOES— 3S<S>4Oc for Early Rose and 40®
r River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 75c
•;j: 15; Oregon, 75c@$l; Sweet Potatoes, 1 ><. !V
)>er lb for nearby and W'iV^r for Merced.
ONIONS ■.■/.■<<■ per cti tor yellow; Pickle
Onions, 6fli@Bsc r>er ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas 3c: String
Beans l@2c; Lima Beans, 7oc@sl per sack;
Hay Squash. "'■'::.■•■: Green Peppers, 4- ffaOe for
Chili and 50@60c for Bell; Cabbage, 50c; Car
rots. 30® l soc per sack; Bay Cucumbers, 2!
River Tomai es, :■ rsoc; Hay Tomatoes, 50ff?66c;
Green Corn, 35<37ac per crate; Garlic, 3- per lb;
Green Okra< 50@03c; Dried Okra, 10c per lb;
. .'•: -. \ Man wfal 3 iuaah,
j. , io 1 er ■
EVAP< (RATED VEGETABLES — Totatnes,
sliced, raw, 15c per lb In lots of 25 lbs sliced,
desiccated, 16<S18c; granulated, raw. 13c;
onions. 60c; Carrots, .id. 13c: new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweel Potatoes, 30c: Turnips, 25c;
String Heans. 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at 17c for Turkeys, [
$5 50 for Ducks, $6 for Hens. $7 for young Roos
ters, $5 for old Roosters and Fryers, and M for
Broilers. There will be no more Eastern in this
week.
Local stock is steady and some descriptions
are doins rather better.
POULTRY- Live Turkeys, 17@18c for Gob
blers and 15@16c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
SI 250 1 50: Goslings. SI 2501 5": Ducks. Wgo for
old and $406 for young; Hens, $4 Ro@s 50: Roos
ters. youtiK, S- '/ ' 50: Roosters, old. $4 25@4 50;
Fryers $4!<j4 50: Broilers, S3 50®4 for large; *:<■/
850 for small: The - !!-.l 2:. per dozen for
old and $1 50@2 for squabs.
GAME— Game seems to be scarce. Only 30
sacks came in yesterday, and prices we.,: .n«,ii
apaln In consequence.
Quail, $2: Mallard. $6'S'7; Sprig, $4 ""■": Teal,
$434 50; Widgeon, $3; Small Duck. S2 r,O; Eng
l!s*h Snipe. ■"!: Jack Snipe. $1 50; Gray Geese,
$3 50; Hare, $1; Rabbits, SI 25<gl 50 lor Cotton
tails and 51 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
There was no further change in anything.
Errs Iragged, as receipts are running larger.
Butter was steady.
BUTTER
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 29<jT3i)c; sec
28c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 25@264c; common
grades, 22H*?24c.
Tickled Goods— lf>€'2oc; pickled roll,
20'</21c: creamery tub. 2 lff 22 t - ! <\
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 160164 c per
lb. Elgin, 22522V4C
CHEESE Choice mild new, 10611 c; old. 84<9
9'ic: Cream Cheddar, 10011 c; Young America,
lOHifJlll^c: Eastern. 12--113 C.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 32't»35c per dozen: store
Etts. IS® 2sc; Eastern, 1' 318 c for ordinary and
22523 c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Th» mar'K<-t la ftvely »ui-j>llpcl with all dp-
Bcrii tlons, though there art- not so many Pears
on the market Qrapea of all descriptions, are
slow. Melons continue out of favor.
Limes are si an - and firm.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
cberries, 51 ■"' }3 per chest for large and
I all.
er box, double layers.
.!-. Nutmeg!
I per b ix: w ier huu
dred for la:- t for small to meulum.
Huckleben . er lb.
Quinces, 60C75C
Pomegranates, :.0f175c per small box.
Cranberries, EQDc per barrel for Eastern and
$2 50f(2 73 per box for Coos Bay.
Ordinary Grapes. 25@50c per box: Seedless,
65(g'75c; crates sell about 10c higher than boxes;
Isabellas. 40@75c pet rate; Wine Grapes. $13<g
1". per ton for Zlnfandel and $11@13 for common
kin.is.
Blackberries, «".•'. per chest.
Plums, .':'■•■■■. per crate and box.
Peaches, 60® 65c per box for good to choice
and 33040 c for common stock.
Raspberries, SGft 7 per chest.
Apples, 33<(?60c for common. ' p9oc per box
for No. 1 and $l?il 2~> for choice.
Winter Pears, JB'gTßc per box.
CITRUS i R1 ; B Oranges, 51 50@J for Va
lencias, $1 26@1 SO for St. Michaels, $1 X for
Mediterranean Sweets and 7! Seedlings;
Lemons, $1 50©2 50 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes T ■ Califor
nia Limes, Bananas, M K4>2 25 p«r bunch;
Pineapples, i'Mii \«t dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
Honey Is not quoted as high now, »s the de
n..(ml has fallen oft considerably.
Dried Fruits continue quiet, though dealers
do noi expect any further d-cllne.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 6%@7c for 40-60' s.
Be for 50-60' s, 4c for <■■ 70's, 3 1 .iST'3\i.c for
70-80'b. 2%*i3c for SO-90's, 2H<32'ic for 90-100' a
and # l%#2c for 100-110' » ; Silver Prunes. I@7c;
Peaches, C^.7',-jc lor good to choice, SftfOc for
fancy and 10W12%c for peeled; Apricots, 10®
12c for Royals and 12@12V4c for Moorpark;
Evaporated Apples, ~\ i~'j<-: Run dried. li
4Hc; Black Figs, sacks, - ; ;2V. Plums. 4>iff
6c for pitted and l@l^c for unpltted; Nec
tarir.^H. ',■■; for prime to fancy; Pears, 6@7c
for quarters and S@9c for halves.
RAISINS 2%c for two-crown, 4c for three
crown, 4\c for four-crown, 4H®6c for Seedless
Sultan; ZV r for Seedless Muscatels and $120
lor London Layers; dried Grapes. 2c.
NUTS— Walnuts, 6c for hardshell, 7c for soft
shell; Almonds, B@Bc for hardshell, 13c for
noftsnell, 13#14c for paper-shell: Peanuts, 4(Q
D\ic for Eastern and 4 : c for California; Pe
cans, C^(?Sc; Filberts, 9%@10c; Brazil Nuts.
SjWo Tier H>: Conoanut!", $4 50#5 per hundred.
HONEY— Comb, !0??11c for brltrht and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted,
fi'^iTc: lleht amber extracted, 6c; dark,
r t n>.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per th.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. S^SHc per IT) for
heavy, B%®9c for lls;ht medium, 10'^c for lisht,
lie for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10^c; California
Hams, 9s4c; Mess Beef, $10® 10 50 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $11@11 50; Family Beef. $12ig12 50;
extra prime Pork, $10: extra clear, $18@18 50;
mesa, $15 60@16; Smoked Beef, U<iil2c per Ib.
LARD — Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per n>
for compound and "Vie for pure; pails, Sc: Cali
fornia tierces, 5c per It> for compound and C-%c
for pure; half barrels, 7c; 10-Ib tins, 7-\c; 5-It> !
tins, Sc.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 5%@6%c; packages
less than 3uO — 1 -IT. palls, i" ' In a case, 99 l *c; ;
3 -It) palls, 20 In a case, S%c; 5-It> palls, 12 in a
case, B'.4c; 10-lb palls. 6 in a case, B%c; 50-rb I
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c: wooden buckets. 20
n>s net. B%c; fancy tubs, 80 rbs net, 7?ic; half
barrels, about 110 !T.s. 7**.- per lb.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Hopß nre very firm and some sales over the
quotations are reported. There is no change In
Wool and Hides.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about le under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, S : ic; Cow
hides. BH@9Hc; Stags, 6c: salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
9c; dry Hides, Bound, 15c; culls and brands,
12<6"13c; dry Kip and Veal. 16c; dry Calf, 17c; !
Sheepskins shear lings, 15<g'25c each; short
wool. 30(jj'40c each; medium, lfo@BQc; long wool,
90cS$l 10 each: Horsehides. salt. $2 for
large and $101 50 for small: Colts. 50c; Horse
hides, dry, $1 50 for large and $1 for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3Vi@3Hc per tt>:
No. 2, 2Vi«J > 2*ic; refined. «ViQHfcc; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Kail clip. Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
free Northern. 3©l2c. Spring clip— Southern I
Mountain, 12 months'. 9@lle; San Jiiarjuln and j
Southern, 7 months', 8@l0c; Foothill and ;
Northern, free, 12<gHc; Foothill and Northern,
defective, 10(S12c; Middle County. 13@16c; Hum
boldt and Mendocino, 14016 c: Nevada, 14c;
Eastern Oregon. 10<(fl2o: Valley Oregon, 15@17c.
HOPS— IB9B crop, ll@l4c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAOS? — Calcutta Grain Bags for next Reason,
nominal, at 4?t,i{?&c; Wool Rags, 20^?28c; San
Quentin Bage, $4 S5: Fruit Hags, sc, sVic and
W t c for the three grades of white and 7@Bc for
brown.
COAL— "Wellington, $g per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Southflekl Wellington, $7 SO; Seattle,
S«: nryant. $fi; <'oos Bay. $B; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, $8: Cumberland. $10 In bulk and $11 25
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, Jl4;
Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks.
COFFEE- The Brazilian crop Is repotecl
1.50'>.000 baps short.
SUGAR— The Western Supar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 7%c; Powdered, 6Hc; Candy
Granulated, CHc. Dry Granulated. 6c; Confec
tioners' A, C<c; California A. 5%c; Magnolia A,
5%c; Extra C. SHo; Gol.lon C. B%C! half -barrels.
V4c more than barrels, and boxes >*c more. No
order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The market for all descriptions Is stationary,
as the demand and supply about balance.
Wholesale ratus from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, esStf'/sc; second quality,
5%c; third quality,, 4@6c.
VEAL— Larse. : .'th. , small. 6V^©'Sc per It).
MUTTON — Wethers, 6@7c; Ewes, 6@6&c
per Ib.
LAMB— Lamb, 7H' r ? c per lb.
PORK— Live Hobs. 3V4<S3 : 'i for larpe, 3v»@4o
for medium and 3V4@3V4c for small; stock Hogs,
2®3c; dressed Hogs, sVi®6l.4c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday, October 6.
Flour, qr sks 3,752 Hops, bales 70
Wheat, ctls 310 Lime, hbls 201
Barley, etla 1,050 Pelts, bdlj 138
Oatß, dls 1,260 Hides, no 566
Cheese, ctls 154 Powder, oases — 1
Butter, ctls 158 Raisins, boxes... SIS
Tallow, ctls MX Eggß, doz 6,540
Potatoes, sks 2.16.'. Quicksilver, flsk. 200
Onions, sks 610 Leather, rolls 95
Middlings. *k!>... 131 Lumber, ft 20,0*10
Hay. tona 557' Wine, gals 84,2:>0
Btraw, tons 7:; Sufc-ar, bags 1,418
Wool, bales 109
OREO* >N.
Flour, qr sks 8,48] Potatoes, sks 5."4
Wheat, ctls 30,250 Rye, rtls 520
Barley, ctla 7,750 Bran, sks 5,7"4
Oats, ctls 13,960 Hay. tona 10
THE STOCK MARKET
The fw changes in mining storks were nar
row, but generally toward firmer prices.
Dealings in local securities were only moder
ately active and quotations showed no particu
lar change.
The California Safe Deposit and Trust Com-
I any will pay a quarterly dividend of $1 50
per share on October 15.
The quarterly interest and coupons on the
new Issue of United States 4 per cent bonds
will be due and payable November 1, but the
Treasury Department has announced that pay
ments will be made In advance, the coupons on
October 10 and the Interest on the registered
bonds on 1 Ictober 20.
The it.-, übllc Mining Company of "Wash
ington Slate has declared a dividend amount
ing to J30,( payable October 15.
The Alaska-Mexican Mining Company re
ports that the returns from the mine for Au
gust showed 13.573 tons of ore milled, with
v bullion return of $29,872 or $2 16 a ton; of
the bullion $10,049 came from sulphured sav
ed and treated by chlorination. The working
expenses were $19,642, or $1 42 a ton, leaving a
profit of $10,230, or 74c a ton.
It Is the Intention to replace the burned 20
stamp mill ol the Standard Con at Bodle with
a new one as soon fls possible. The mill was
i by Insurance, and the company has
besides a balance of $80,000 in its treasury.
The old standard mil! «ras >.nt it in 1^77. and
up t" date j t ?- output has been $13,000,000 in
: lit of which $! 000,000 hns been paid in
dividends 1 1 stockholders in the old and new
compai
In the Standard mine for the week ending
October 1 the usual exploratory work was done
In the Hast. Mam Standard, Black. No. 10 and i
• . >dgea on the ll r >" evel, 31S. 470 and
528 foot levels. ( >n the 150 level there is a four
teen Inch vein of or.-, which shows improve
ment. The stopes in the Moyle, liuliton and
Fortuna ledges are looking and yielding well.
: vrd mill statement— Ore crushed for
ndlng October 1, 2>il * •*<«: average assay
• tailltißs. SL' 4": concentrates produced,
2 tons; assay value $1 5802; plate amalgum
136 troy ounces; assay value, $3 05
per ounce. Tailings pip No. 1 treated 377H
: rtaillngs for the week. Plant No. 2 is
still in course of construction.
The net pn ceeds of the recent milling of Jus
tlce ore were $2973 In gold coin. The amount of
ore crushed was about 7.'. tons and the aver
age was about V,'-) per ton.
STOCK AND ii«'Nl> EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Oct. 6— 2 p. m.
Bid a.-*. Bi4.A«k.
D B Bonds— 3 F Q & E.... S6V4 87
4s quar coup. .U0%111% San Fran 3 —
4s .itiar r»-»r...1'" 1 .,11'\ Stockton Gas.. IS —
4s lar new...126%1274 i Insurance —
»s new — 104:vFirem's Fund. 2os —
Miscellaneous— | Water Stocks—
Cal-st Cab ss. r.f.Viiir.i... Contra Costa.. :4\ 574
Cal El 6i 128 - IMarin Co SO
C C Wat 55... 100 101 > Spring Valley. lol<4loo4
Dup-at ex c... - 984 Bank Stocks—
X L it I* fi5...131»;i32M, l Anglo-Cal 63 —
F & Cl Hv 6s. — ll'i I*.1 *. Hank of Ca1... 249 20l
Oeary-st R 5«. — 100 Cal S D * T.. W —
H C .' S 4-,5.1004 — IFirFt Nat 201 —
L a 1. Co 65.. — 100 ,Lon P & L...128* —
Do Riit'l 65.. V> lOnUiMer Exchange— 16
llnrkM-st Cs..l2v'i — Nev Nat H 162% —
Do Ist M 55.114%114?i Savinps Bank>-
Nat Yin 61 Ist - ■' -. Ger S & L..1600 1625
N C N<;i(v '- 105% — Hum S A I- ''.'■'" 1160
NRy Cal .113 114 I Mutual Say. — 424
N Ry Cal 65. .1034 — S F Say U.. 490 600
N PC R R fin.ina 106 IS & L 50.... — 9*
NI 1 Clt II f-s-100% — I Security 8 B iOO 35<j
N Cal R I! sa. - — Union T Co. 1000 —
Oak Gas &5....1rt54109»4 Street Railroads—
Otn Ry 6s. 125% — California LOS —
P&CI Ry 65..1051U08 Oeary « —
V & n 6s 112 — Market-fit W-i —
Powell-at 8a.. .119 - FresMl S4 10
Reno \V 1.&L,.Ki0 — I Powder—
Sic F! "• Rs.lOO — 'California 125 145
SF * N Psa 103 1094 R Dynamite... Wi W
Sierra RCal Bs. — 10fi Giant Con Co. 455; 49
S Pof Ar 65.. — 108 Vlgorlt 2-4 3
R P Cal . ..1104 — M<«c»:ianeous—
SPC la re 55.. — W* Al Pac A55n. .1024 —
S ? Pr 6a — 1158 jOer I.fl Wks. :■ —
S V Water 65. 117 — : liana P C0....17»i IS
S V Water 45.1G3%103?J M C & S C... S3H 33%
Stockton «;as..lol»i — Hutch S P Co. 58H —
Gas * Electric— iMer Ex Assn. 90 —
Cent Gas'.luht.lO' — Nat ''In 6r... — "»
Cent L & P... TH 9 Oceanic S Co. 56\i 58
Mutual El Co. 9 10 Pacific AF A. IVs 24
Oakland Gas.. 534 M Pac C Bor Co. 99 —
Vac Gas Imp.': - *» Par Paint Co. 7 —
Pac L Co 474 50
Mi rnlng Seswion.
1W Central Lljrht & Power 7 50
na I'lantation Co 17 574
t& Market Street Railway 64 62H
150 Market Street Railway M M
B0 Market Str et Railway 54 S7H
HO 9 I" Gas <<- Electric Co 86 00
5 F Gas x- Electric Co 85 75
52 Spring Valley Water 100 50
10 Spring VaJley Water 100 37%
Sti ■ •
Market St Rv Con Bon>ls, Ps 114 50
3" S F Gas A Electric Co S6 00
Afternoon Session.
; 25 Alaska Packers' Association 102 37V4
25 Alaska Packers' Association 102 25
26 Hawaiian Commercial .V Sugar S3 75
BO Hawaiian rnmi;rclal & Sugar 33 C2»£
BO Hutchinson S P Co 58 '■•
i 23 Market Street Railway #..64 31 M
' 27." Market Street Railway 54 60
1000 Oakland Gas Bonds 10125
90 B F Gaa *•• Electric Co ** l-' 2
20 S F Gas & Electric Co SG 2.'.
1000 S F & X P Rv Bonds 109 I- 1 -
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
30 Sprint? Valley Water 100 50
50 Hawaiian 34 00
25 Hawaiian 33 S7V4
100 Vlfforlt 2 60
40 Ilutchlnson 58 75
Afternoon Session.
r.n Giant Powder 4S 50
40 Spring Valley Water 100 JO
MINING STOCKS.
Following nwi- the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best A Belcher. 25 1 500 Ophlr 57
300 Chollar lß|2ooOphlr r>6
250 Con Cal & Va.. 73 300 Savage in
DO Confidence 50 200 Yellow Jacket.. 22
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 10 2on Ophir 57
300 Best & Belcher. 27 100 Ophlr 58
200 Caledonia 29 1 500 Savage 10
150 Con Cal &■ Va.. 801100 Savage 11
100 Con Cal & Va.. 51 .200 Sierra Nevada.. S2
[ 50 Mexican 221200 Union Con 2:
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Moraine: Session.
800 Belcher 17|200 Ophlr 67
500 Belcher 16 900 Ophlr S6
1200 Best & Btlcher 25 1300 Savage 10
900 Caledonia 27:700 Sierra Nevada.. 82
600 Con Cal & Va.. 73 1 400 Sierra Nevada.. SO
500 Confidence 50 500 Utah 07
300 Gould & Curry.. 21 200 Yellow Jacket.. 21
300 Hale & Norcrs.l 201
Afternoon Session.
1300 Andes 11 1 400 Mexican 22
300 Belcher IS 300 Ophlr 57
300 Belcher 15 400 Sierra Nevada.. si
400 Best & Belcher. 26 200 Sierra Nevada £•'
1000 Bullion 02 : 200 Standard Con. .188
1100 Con Cal & Va. SO i 200 Union Con 26
200 Gould & Curry. 22 600 Yellow Jacket 21
200 Gould & Curry. 211
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Oct. 6— p. m
Bid. Ask. Bid Ask
Alpha Con 03 04 Julia 01 02
Alta : 05 09 Justice 10 12
Andes 10 11 Kentuck 02 03
Belcher 15 16 Lady Wash.... — 02
Benton Con 06 12 Mexican 21 22
Best & Belcher 20 27 Occidental .. 74 80
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 56 57
Caledonia 28 30 i Overman 05 06
Chollar 16 IS Pot. .si 17 18
Challenge Con. 17 18. Savage 10 11
Confidence 49 60 Scorpion 03 05
Con Cal & Va.. 78 79,'SeK Belcher 02 08
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 81 82-
Crown Point... 14" 15 Silver Hill _ 10
Con New York. 01 03! Syndicate — 03
Eureka C0n.... 30 4'> ; Standard 160 165
Exchequer — 03 Union Con 26 27
Quuia & Curry. 21 22 Utah 06 OS
Hale & Norcrs.l 10 1 151 Yellow Jacket. 20 22
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEE.
C Sterkenstein Mo Miss Gerlach. Stockton
G P Haven. St Lake C Harris. Merced
F Pulmalne, Gras^ Val B Newell, btockton
C C Murphy. Willows Mrs Noyes. Stockton
F L Glass, Contra Cos Miss Noyes, Stookt.n
T C Toland. Ventura Mrs Carroll, btockton
W R Pond. Woodland IE M Paine. L Ang
J McClung. Oroville H C Fry & ?•-*".
Miss Newbold, HaywdslMrs Owen. N w cans
R Borland, Martinez \Vf Owen Jr. N Orleans
E T Applegate, '-inn H H Cooper. % ictona
M Rogers&w, Denver lC H Eaton, Reno
W Thomas, Ukiah Mrs Eaton. Reno
A H Hart, N V T Boyd, S Maria
J Ainsley & w. Cal W Thomas, N *
J Barham. Red Bluff iH Bchermerbord, N 1
Mrs Johnson, R Vista |R B Rad.-llffe. -N ■>
Mrs McLeod, R Vista S M Snuder. N J
Miss M McLeod, R Vis G B Langley. Pnlla
Miss S McLeod, R Vis Mrs Boston, S ( ruz
A Jones & w, S Cruz Mrs Lewis. Sanger
Miss F Chase, Sacto Mrs Potter. Sanger
j Sundrnm Mer ed Lieut Haipin. LS A
Mrs Gerlach, Stockton C Henlck, USA
PALACE HOTEL.
W R Zulich. Ind J W Mitchell L Ang
W Deveraux. Colo E Eger & w. Toledo
C Spencer. Scotland G S Nixon. Toledo
J Brewster. England W Ustrend, Toledo
G Hazard. Liverpool J Bicknell &w. Phlla
Mrs Anderson, Ltverpl J N Popham. Wash
G Osztrolichzky. Hun- W Harris & w. L Ang
«rarv :L": L" Harris. L Ang
J D Frush, Mexico A V Ropp &w. Oakld
M C Drew, Wls Col Baumster. Mont
A H West." Wis V A Handle. Chicago
F Qualey, St Paul !R J Waters, L Ang
E Bryant & w, ChlcgO W Barnard. Fresno
r WBarton, NY B Steinman. Sacto
L Run? N V Mrs Steinman. Sacto
A Miller. Wash Etta Stelnman Sacto
w Pepperman. Wash T Ewlng L Ang
H Brlnkley, Seattle Mr» Ew ng. LA ng
H D King. Hanford C He*. Kan City
H Cronmever. N V A AshCT. L Ang
W Baur, N V Mrs Asher, L Ang
C Leonardo Oxnard
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J Atkinson, S Maria F- de Gomez & w Cal
A B McDonald. P HJ B Mltchen. Modesto
M CKeefe, Vallejo C E Phiffs. ™c^o
J Burham, Fresno H H Hem, Sacto
I F n"s U S S Jo J s°e ° R WhUmore. N N t Y Paul
A L&. Oakland B E Ostrpm. Paul
J W l^ngrean. S Jose B W Steiner. Montral
H M Irwin. L Ang N Jackson, Montreal
£ Cal J C slx'ton! gSST
? «S, Yreka R C Stanton MUa
E McKinney. Chicago Id E Wallace, Phlla
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
V A Gartner, Little R J C Conklin, Boston
Mrs Gartner L Rock C F Johneon. Oakdale
j H Pierce. Lincoln B L Barker. Boston
A. Mlllott Seattle L D Jones, Bonora
J Derenia. Seattle P McCarthy, Stockton
G O Manley. Fresno D F Ju^ r B ton R e^ o uckee
M lfoPsel'be l r^erf' I L An F G Roberts. S Lake
P C Hunt. Chicago I 1I 1 McCann, NY
C A Harp. N V Miss Peters, Sacto
Mrs C A Harp. NY Mis L Peters, Sacto
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
October. IS9S.
Su
MO
Tu.
t,
V.
iTh.
«
IT
20
■c
Tt. j
14
21
28
Sa.
1
6
15
"a"
»
Mooa* Phanee.
/3-Last "Quarter,
vS, October 1.
.*«. New Moo a.
W October 15.
-ifeFlrnt Quarter,
I 9 October «■
\y~S FUI <>■">,
j(p October 29.
S3
II
13
»
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrogxaphic
Office located In the M-rchants' Exchanse. is
maintained in Pan Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
tree of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit tha
fflce where complete sets of charts and fail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, ami the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dancers to navigation and all matters
° The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. It I
about fn minutes before noon and dropped at
noon 120 th meridian, by telegraph! bU re
ceived each day fr m the United State • U
rvatory, Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dr pped
on time or giving the error, if any. la published
in the morning papers the following day
(HAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired). V S. N.. :n charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
' T'nited States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights I •->"»
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to fan
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
pj( 'TE- The high ami low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
1 the height of tide is the fame at both places.
j FRIDAY. OCTOBER 7.
Sun rises « : 11
Sun sets v: "
Moon rises 11:13 p. m.
I CilTime' Time! I Time I ;Tim<\
c Feet. Feet. Feet. Feet.
« H \v| l w II w; L wj
71 6:59 S.» 10:34 3.6 1 4:00 4.2 11:37 O.S
Si 7:. r .O 4.11 12:03 3.4 5:24 4.0
I.WhW L W H w
9 028 1." 8:19 4.3 1:14 3.1 6:45 4.0
in 1:14 1.2 2:01 4.5 8:38 - •■ 7:54 4.0
111 2:00 1.3' b M 4.7 2:42 2.3 8:45 4.2
V 2:41 1 : !>:2O 4.8 8:20 l.R| 9:30 4.3
il3 3:15 1.7 9:43 5.0 1 3:57] 1.3 10:191 4.5
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven in the left
hand column nnd the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second I
the day, the third lime column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
lnst tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
1 plv-n ar^ additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a in' nus si^n (— ) precedes the height,
' and thon the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
■
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Rranch Tlydrvcraphic Office. V. S. N., Mer
chants' Exi hanye. San Francisco, Cal.. Oc
tober 6, 1898
WRANGF.L STRAIT. ALASKA.
Notice is hereby K'.ven that middle pround
buoy No. n. a black second-class ice buoy,
which marks a turn in the channel abreast
1 the northern end of th>> middle ground, has
gone adrift from it* T>o?iti"n on the w«>st side
of the channel. It will be replaced on its sta
tion as early as practicable.
This notice affects the Lint of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, ivi7, page 78.
By order of the Lighthouse Hoard.
JOHN* C. M> IRONG,
Commander. T*. S. N.. Light house Inspector.
Office of t'nited States Lighthouse Inspector,
Portland, I : r.. Oct. J 1898
TIMF BALL.
I Branch Hydroeraphle Office. V. S. Js\, Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., Oc
tober 6. IS9S.
. The tlmp ball on the tower of the new Ferry
: building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. •■ . at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time
CHAB. P. WEI/-H,
Ensign (retired). U. S. X.. In charge.
STEAMKRS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
From.
\v*.-<>tt Tlllamook Hay Oct. 7
I Cleveland Pt. Michael Oct. 7
Grace D011ar.... Taquina Bay Oct. 7
Mineola iTaeoma Oct. 7
; Columbia Portland !Oct. S
; Aztec [China and Japan Oct. 8
I Newport IManila Oct. S
Santa Rosa San Diejro |Oct. 8
Chllkat Hnmboldt Oct. 8
Walla Walla.... (Victoria & Puget Sound Oct. 9
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 9
"Washtenaw iTacoma 'Oct. 9
Coos Bay Newport 'Oct. 10
Ell Thompson.. IPuget Sound ;Oct. 10
City of Panama I Panama lOct. 10
| State California Portland |Oct. 11
' Australia [Honnlulu Oct. 11
Arcata !Co<_s Bay Oct. 11
Orizaba iMexlco Oct. 11
Curacao 'Seattle Oct. It
Progresa '...Seattle Oct. n
Portland St. Michael lOet. 12
Corona San Diego Oct. 12
I North Fork Ifumbild* !Oct. li
Mackinaw Tacoma Oct. 12
I Navarro iYnqulna Hay lOct. 13
•Pel Norte 'Crescent City |Oct. 13
Oeo. \V. jjlder.. 'Portland Oct. 14
Homer (Newport 'Oct. 14
Tmntll'.a IVictnrla A- Puget Sound Oct. 1J
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
G. W. Elder! Portland 'Oct. 7, 10 am Pier 24
C. Nelson.. iPuget Sound. JOct. 7, 9 am .Pier 2
Weeott TtlTaraook Oct. 7. 5 pm Pier 13
Homer (Newport Oct. 8. 9 am; Pier 11
Queen IVlc & P*t Sd. Oct. S, 10 amlPler 9
Pan P.laa : Pnnama !Oct. 8.12 m;PMSS
! Chilkat IHumboldt ....[Oct. 9. 9 amj'ier 13
| Columbia ..[Portland lOct. 10. 10 ami Pier 24
i Santa RosaJSnn Dlpro 'Oct. 10, 11 amlPler 11
j Gaelic IChina&Japan'Oct. 11, 1 pm.PMSS
Pomona. ....IHumboldt.... lOct. 11, 2 pm Pier 3
Coos Bay.. .'Newport Oct. 12. 9 am Pipr 11
Arosta !Po^s P.ay Oct. 12. 10 am l'i-*r 11
State of Cal,Portland jOct. 13, In am Pier 2<
Walla Wall Vie A PRt Sd.jOct. 13. 10 nmlPier 0
i Conma San Dle<o ;Oct. 14. 11 am { Pier 11
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVFO.
Thursday, Octooer «
Stmr South Coast, Zaddart, 16 hours from
Rockport.
Stmr Homer. Jesen. 4 hours from Newport
a d tn^r a < ullle River Johnson. 17 hours from
F SUn? F Bonlta. Nlcolson. 30 hours from Lor
n Del Korte, Allen. 33 hours from Cres
"sunr'^outh Portland. Seeley. 95 hours from
A l t'mr a " Navarre Walvig. 62 hours from Ya
qU «tmr FAsle, Duerrbeck, Si days from Pyra
mid Harbor, via Cape Omanny 6 days.
Tug Monarch. Tcnnerson, from off Pigeon
Point with log raft In tow.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, 40 hours from
S^hr^Mary E Russ. Wikember, 4 days from
Sch" lance, 50 hours from Iversens Land-
Ing.
CLEARED.
Thursday, October 6.
Stmr Alameda. Van Oterondorp. Sydney, via
Honolulu; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons. Eureka; Goodall,
Stmr Corona. Debney, San Diego: Goodall.
ports: Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka: Charles
* Stmr Mazama, Svensen, Honolulu; Welch &
C s'tmr George W Elder, Hlnkle, Astoria: O R
& Ship "yosemite. Entries, Tacoma; J C Eagles,
muster
mßrm Br ship Celtic Race. Owen, Royal Roads; Bal
four, Guthrie & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, October *,
Stmr Scotia. Thompson, Rockport.
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr Arcata. Reed. Coos Bay.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Olsen, Moss Landing
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund.
Stmr Leelanaw, Storrs.
Ship Dashing Wave. Colby, Tacoma.
Ship Florence, Ryan. Seattle.
Ital bark Gulseppe Sciacculaga. Sllgo.
Schr Monterey. Beck. Bowens Landing.
Schr Corona, Debney, San Diego.
Schr Allen A, Schage, Eureka.
Sohr La Chilena. Matsen, Fort Ross.
Schr Rio Rey, Johnson, Eureka.
Schr Mazama. Svensen. Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 6—lo p. m.— ■ Weather,
clear; wind, W; velocity, 14 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Vale of Doon loads lumber at Tacoma
for Shanghai, owners' account.
f MEMORANDUM.
Per smr Elsie— Left in port at Pyramid Har
bor Sept 28— Ship Invincible, for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Schr Berwick bound from Nehalem River for
San Francisco struck on the bar at Nehalem
River October 6 and put into Astoria. Haa
been recommended to discharge cargo.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Oct 6— Stmr Sequoia,
from Newport. _ , _ „
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct 6— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, hence Oct 4: schr Berwick, from Ne
halem River; stmr Signal, from - — .
Sailed Oct 6— Stmr Columbia, for San Fran
° SEATTLE— Arrived Sept fr— Stmr Centennial.
Sailed Oct Bark Alex McNeil, for San
F*rfl.ncisco
COOS BAT— Sailed Oct 6— Schr Gem, for San
Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Oct Sch Annie Lar-
Ben, from Tacoma.
PORT LEY— Sailed Oct Schr Re
peat, for Honolulu. ,
GRAYS HA Sailed Oct — Schr Chas
R Wilson, for San Francisco; schr Defender,
for Mnhukona.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 6— Stmr Tlllamook,
from St Michael.
PORT TOWNSEND- Oct 6 — Stmr
Walla Walla, from Puget Sound ports, for San
Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct B — Br
ship C tr.l'Tniere, from London.
TATOOSH Passed Oct s— Stmr Umatilla, hno
Oct 3. for Victoria.
THAT. Sailed Oct 6— Schr Edward Parke, for
San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 6— Schr Orient,
from Port Rlakele>\
POINT ARENA— Oct 6— Schr Nettl«
Sundborg. hence Sept 27.
Sailed Oot s— Schr Albion, for San Francisco.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Oct 6— Stmr Alcatraz.
for San Pedro.
T'MPQUA— Sailed Sept 5— Schr Lily, for San
Francisco; schrs Lucy and Louise, for San
Pedro.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed Oct 4— Stmr Orizaba, for
S'nn Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived Oct C— Er stmr Em
: press of China, from Vancouver.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Oct 3— Stmr City of Pan
! am a: for San Francisco.
HlOGO— Sailed Ocl 6— Br ship Stronsa, for
; I'nrtland.
PANAMA— SaiIed Oct 4— bark Gwydyr
CdfMp. for Tacoma.
SHIELDS— SaiIed Oct s— Br ship Primrose.
Hill, for San Francisco.
CARDIFF— SaiIed Oct s— Br ship Aura, foi
OCEAN TRAVEL
,rfs?**^iJ"3!E3£nß33*a s - S - AUSTRALIA
/&' iS ~Qhrf2&< tHWa* x 4 for Honolulu only
iSr y^i S£ v< * dnea;lav ' Oclober 19 >
®jßrSpßiiL "The^.™'. MARIPOSA
• e«*"""w\Vi-.in.siiiy. October Hi,
I^^7 r *N ttt The P S "s MARIPOSA
Mv^wJH "NlfonKhin ' sails via Honolulu and
CyiuHlljlllr'- Auckland for Sydney
r^SS*^ /SmM[)[L Wednesday, November
fiC 1 * lyilnJUlMa 2, at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPS
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO., Agents.
114 Montgomery St.
Freight office — 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a.m.
FARP Sl2 First Class Including Bertha
IMIIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
Geo. W. Elder sails Oct. 7. 16, 25, Nov. 8.
Columbia sails Oct. 10. 19, 28, Nov. 6.
State of California sails Oct. 13. 22, 31, Nov. 9.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and nil points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
1^ Steamers leave Broadway
ISjJsbj^^ wharf, San Francisco:
I SBHs>9Sk. For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
BSi*fv3£^ Oct. 3, S, 13. 18, 23, 28, Nov. I.
KUkbP»\lvi3 transfer at Seattle.
: KBgviCKl 3J&3 For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
ifijHfiVTfgSftf C), Port Townsend, Seattle.
r'^arS.Sfl Tacoina. Everett. Anaeortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.), 19
a. m., Oct. 3. 13. IS, 23. 2«. Nov.
us even' fifth day thereafter, transfer at
and O. N. Ry . at T«coma to N. P. Ry.. at
day thereafter. M ontorey. San Simeon.
Cayucoe. Port *»"°™ 'Ventura. HuenenML
"FSn^S^^-V^ortHar-
, /c i, /obi'pn) Santa Barbara. Port
J^ g**l V» M «• *»• Xov - 3'3 ' and
%% y r Vn U 'Ma ce B rr d a Jrna Bay. San Jose de,
c hT MaS "ltata. La Pnz, Santa Roßalla
„;!., ;iua>'mas ! (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 18th of every
""SSwnrther Information obtain folder.
The oonVpnnv reserves the right to rhange
with-it rrcvlou" notice steamers, sailing dates
„/ )—■■-= nf S8»'»n».
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
St GOOD\LU Hotel). & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
VotU) U.T. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Arts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generale Transatlantlquß.
French Line to Havre. ,
Company's pier (new> 42 North * rzs*
River, foot of Morton St. Travelers <Jtirt4i
by this line avoid both transit by '3='"- i^»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small b> nt. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, 5140;
second claw, 1118.
LA CHAMPAGNE Oct. IS. 10 a. m.
LA NAVARRE Oct. 22. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE Oct. 29, 10 a. m.
LA TOITKAINE Nov. 5, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE '" v - 12, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATL.AN-
TIQUE. Agent. ,
No. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
ROUND THE WORLD
A special party visiting Hawaii, Japan.
China, the Philippines. India, Egypt, etc., will
leave San Francisco by B. 3. Doric October 29.
Membership limited 10 persons. Programmes of
, THOS. COOK & SON
621 Market st., San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "MonticeMo."
Men.. Tue».. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
945 a. m.. 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex! Thiiri.i
Fridays 1 P. m. and 8:30 p. m.
fcundayß 10:30 a m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mimton Dock. Pl«r 1
T«Uphon» Red JJ4I.
TAKE THEBOAT TO SAN JOSE
P^ ? A T-t A^ D^ SUXDAT ' TOO. at 10 a. m.
Steamer AL\ ISO, Clay-etreet Wharf. Fare to
San Jose, 50c; round trip 75c
7E De Bay Excursions. Alvlso and return.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
IS OAKLAND
GENEROUS TO
ITS VISITORS?
State Grangers See
Little Hospitality.
BAPTISTS ARE ENTHUSED
BEST RECEPTION ACCORDED IN
MANY YEARS.
Farmers Were Better Treated at
Petaluma and Santa Rosa
Than in Oak
land.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Broadway, Oct. 6.
now two conventions in ses
:, this city, and Oakland is being
i atertainer. One of
- ;s that of the California State
■ SO of the leading and
rs and fruit growers
gether with their wives,
Veen here for pome days. They are
• all impressed with the manner in
.ed and the
of interest shown in their doings.
The public reception which has always
in other towns a most important
i the programme was almost
. in this city. The recep
t only Bcantily attended, but
even ox-Judge who was an
nou;u Bide, was not present, and
in impromptu entertainment was
luma it is said that over
•ople attended the reception, and at
Santa Rosa an ovation was given the
-'*•. But in Oakland there wer
people present besides the
delegates. The grangers declare they are
not particularly anxious to again hold
their annual session in this city.
The ion, which
met in East Oak - that in all
i : Its seventeen former Sessions it has
never been more hospitably entertained.
Lunches have been provided for the dele
gates in the Tenth Avenue Baptist
HALF OFTHE
RAFT REACHES
PORT AT LAST
It Was Towed In by
the Tug Monarch.
DELAY OF THE ALAMEDA
MUCH MAIL MATTER WAS SIDE
TRACKED AT OGD_-N.
A Tire Drill in the Ferry Depot
Showed the Employes of the
Harbor Commission to
Be Efficient,
The tug Monarch got in from Pig-eon
Point yesterday with half of the Pro
gresos lop raft and the wrecking schoon
er Catalina to tow. There was no trouble
In getting the raft away from its anchor
age, and favored by wind and tide the
towboat did not take long to reach San
Francisco. The Monarch was sent out by
the Shipowners' and Merchants' Towboat
Company, and to It will belong all the
profit. T. P. H. Whltelaw. who went out
with the Catallna, was engaged at bo
much per day, so the salvage will be di
vided between the owners and crew of the
tug.
The Mail steamer Alameda did not get
away for Honolulu, Apia, Auckland and
Sydney until 10 o'clock last "night. Owing
to a blunder made at Ogden by the rail
way mail service twenty-five pouches
of Australian mail matter were sidetrack
ed and had to be sent on behind a special
engine. All the other English mail was
aboard and the 6teamer could easily have
got away at 2 p. m. had It not been for
the unfortunate mistake. The steamer is
thirty-two hours behind time, as she was
originally delayed twenty-four hours by
the non-arrival of the mall steamer at
New York on time.
The Harbor Commissioners gave their
employes in the new ferry depot an Im
promptu flre drill yesterday. Assistant
Chief Dougherty and Captain Comstock
met CommisHioners Colnon, Harney and
Herrold, and a false alarm was turned
In. The lanitors and t-mployes of the
building, beaded by the superintendent,
responded promptly, and In short order
the hose was unreeled, the pump at work
and a stream that carried from the build
ing clear to the end of the pier was soon
pouring out of one of the windows. This
was with water pumped from the bay,
and Chief Dougherty was more than
pleased with the showing. When it came
to using Spring Valley Water, however,
the pressure was found to be totally inad
equate and the board will pee to it that
the mistake i 3 rectified at once. Assist
ant Chief Dougherty recommended that
some extra hydrants on the piers, a few
more reels of hose for the building- and
Bom« axes be added to the outfit, and
the depot would be in perfect con
dition to flgln a fire The Harbor Com
misioners have already ordered the extra
appliances. , __
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Oct. 6.— One hundred men
nut to work this morning on street
cleaning, and twenty-five more are to be
added. Street Superintendent Miller says
this is done so as to complete the general
clean-up before the rains.
On motion of Attorney Nusbaumer
Manuel Stone's bail was to-day reduced
from $2000 to lir.Ou by Judge Ellsworth.
Si our is the Portuguese editor recently
indicted by the Grand Jury for perjury.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 6.— To-night will be Y.
M. I. night at the St. Joseph's fair and
the young men have arranged to make
it a grand success.
Toney Choney of this city and Minnie
Banders of Ukiah were married this after
noon by Justice Morris.
Some much needed improvements ar©
being made on Railroad avenue at Bay
station, in the way of reconstructing the-
sewerß, etc.
Mrs. Viola B. Gongwer of Dunsmufr,
who came to this city for medical treat
ment, died last night at a Park street
lodging house, aged 29 years. The remains
have been sent to Dunsmuir for burial.
Private George Barrett of Company I,
Eighth Regiment, died of fever at the
I County Infirmary last night and We re-j
Church, and in the evening a good dinner
has been given all gratis, as the result
of the generosity of the ladies of the
church. A committee composed of Miss
Clara Reed. Mrs. Louise Hagman, Mrs.
K. M. Haydon, Miss Mary Talbott and
Mrs. William Jess undertook the task of
entertaining and feeding the delegates
and they have been accorded all manner
of votes of thanks. Another committee
consisting of Mrs. Thomas Dermott, Mrs.
J. K. Small man and Captain H. P. Walte
arranged for the locating of delegates in
different homes, and altogether the Bap
tist Association thinks Oakland a first
class entertainer.
Rev. Robert AVhittaker also did some
criticizing this morning before the Bap
tist Association, in which he stated that
"Oakland is a hard city tti which to make
conversions. It is hard because it is a
city of fads. Especially is the resident
part a difficult place in which to work
for the people have been preached to and
j preached to and preached to until they
are settled in their ideas."
On the whole there is much encourage
ment in church work, although the re
ports showed a dark side, for while 15S
I people were baptized last year, only nine
| ty-eight were reported this year.
Still later, in a very interesting report
of church work. Mr.' Whittaker said:
"Conversions must come if we will work
I and wait in faith; even here in Oakland
j conversions can be made."
She Couldn't Eat Realty.
OAKLAND, uct. 6.— Polk-o Judge Allen
this morning dismissal the charge of
failure to provide fur a minor child pre
ferred against W. "\\ . Moore- Jr. by his
mother. Moore's wife died some time ago,
and Moore's mothtT was appointed guar
dian of the child: but when Moore failed
to contribute toward the support of the
child the mother caused his arrest, since
she claims to be a very poor woman. On
the witness stand to-day she admitted
she owned property in San Francisco.
"But." said phe. "I can't eat the prop
erty." Subsequently it developed that
she also had money out at interest, and
Judge Allen decided that ft was a case
to be determined by civil action.
Effect of Reading Dime Novels.
OAKLAND, Oct. 6.— Henry Fiachmeyer
and Charlie Korb. aged, respectively. 14
and 13 years, hailing from San Francisco,
were arrested at 3 o'clock this morning
:!icer Lynch. The lads were sleeping
under a bench in Jackson Park. Being
searched at the City Prison it was found
that Fiachmeyer was armed with a long
knife, a hammer and a pair of pliers,
while Korb had a pistol anil several mar
tilt s. The trend of their conversation led
the officer to suspect that they had been
reading yellow-back uime novels of the
robber variety, and they were looking
tor wo-alth. but their ardor had been
dampened by the light showers of the
night. The boys will be turned over to
their parents when called for.
Creditors Get but Little.
OAKLAND, Oct. 6.— Seventeen cents
and a fraction on the dollar is about all
the creditors of Sam Rubel, the insolvent
way clothier, will get. The final
account of Assignee E. S. Ttothchild. filed
to-day with County Clerk Jordan, snows
the total claims against Rubel to aggre
gate $11,936 40, to meet which there is uut
12216 42. Among the chief creditors are:
California Bank. W132 IS: Hoffman Roth
child & Co., $1138 34; S. Rir.£ol?ky, $822 16;
Lowenberg & Co., $2606 Of; Neustadter
Bros., $771 52.
mains were sent to his home in Nevada
C \Villfam a j'. Rogers, son of Captain Rop
ers, and Miss Margaret E. Hammond,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William Ham
mond of 2048 Buena Vista avenue, were
married last evening at St. Joseph s par
sonage. _
BOTKIN POISONING CASE.
. High State Officials Put Their Heads
Together and Think.
There was a long conference yesterday
I afternoon •in the office of the Attorney
1 Gei«»r a i between Mr. FttXfemld and Gov
ernor Budd upon the Botkin extradition
case. The two officials then repaired to
the chambers of Supreme Justice Beatty,
' where considerable time was consumed
I in the same discussion. None of the peo
| pie interested would intimate what had
j been said or what plan, If any, had been
! decided upon. Attorney General Fltsger
i aid later in the day stated that he and
the Governor had called upon the Chief
Justice to see if he would listen to the
questions involved in the extradition mat
' ter. but the Justice had not given an
i answer and the case stands just as it did
! before It was intimated that the move
I upon the Supreme Court would be on the
line of a habea--? corpus after considera
tion and decision in the Superior Court.
It is intimated that within the next day
or so there will be great developments in
the Botkin case, but whether these- will
! take the form of additional evidence of
the woman having poisoned Mrs. Dunning
and her sister in Dover or simply some
new Interpretation of the law on extra
dition is not stated. Late in the after
noon Chief of Police Lees and the Attor
ney General had a long conversation in
the latter'a office, but nothing was de
cided upon that the officials would make
The habeas corpus proceedings in the
case were called in Judge Cook's court
yesterday, but as neither side was ready
to proceed the matter was continued un
1 Attorney r General White of Wilmington,
Del haa made arrangements to start to
San ' Francisco at once if necessary. Mr.
White said that Delaware is now on the
defensive and it would not be fair for
, this State to impose on District Attorney
■ Ho«mer of San Francisco to fight his
! State's battle.
Hunters' Train Scheduled.
The summer excursion schedule of the
coast division of the Southern Pacific
Company has been discontinued, and un
til the upening of next season therf will
be no nmre Sunday excursions to Santa
Cruz, Monterey and way points. The
regular winter "hunters' train" over the
narrow gauge road will go on this week.
Civil Service Examinations.
A clvi] service examination for Custom
House employes will begin at 9 a. m.
next Saturday In the Lowell High School.
LATEST ADDITION TO THE COASTING FLEET.
The American clipper ship Florence has been purchased by W. E. Mighell, the well-known ship-owner, and
will be added to the list of vessels owned on the Pacific Coast. The Florence has been in the New York-San Fran
cisco trade since she was built in 1887. She is 223.1 feet long, 41 feet broad, 26 feet deep, and registers 1605 tons net
The Florence sailed for Seattle yesterday to bring down a load of coal. On her return she will load for Australia,
THE SA!N FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1895.
A BABE FALLS TWENTY FEET,
BOUNCES TWO FEET AND LIVES
OAKLAND, Oct. 6.— Little Marx, the three-year-old son of Laurenz Jor- ■
genson, proprietor of the Brooklyn House in East Oakland, fell from •
a second-story window to-day to the sidewalk, a distance of about ■
twenty feet, but so far as Dr. A. H. Dodge could discover this after- •
noon, no bones were broken. It Is feared, however, that the child is inter- ■
nally injured.
A most peculiar feature of the fall, aside from the miraculous escape ■
from a horrible death, was the fact that when little Marx's form struck •
the bituminous sidewalk it bounced about two feet into the air and then ■
struck on the head. "
"I was in the front room getting ready to go out on a visit." said ■
Mrs. Jorgenson, "when I noticed Marx had climbed out on the window sill •
from the lounge. He was just in the act of grabbing for a bird cage when ■
he slipped. I reached to save him, but the distance was an inch or so too •
far, and down he went. I was horrified and expected to pick him up ■
dead." The father is at present on a visit to Denmark. \
DEPUE WILL TRY AGAIN.
Files Another Complaint for Di
vorce, Alleging Too Much
Parents-in-Law.
OAKLAND. Oct. 6.— James E. Depue
i has filed another divorce complaint
I against his wife, Grace M. Depue.
The complaint alleges that the couple
were married in January, 1890, residing
temporarily with the wife's parents. 1016
j Clay street; but Depue soon wearied of
I this arrangement, because of "to much
I father and mother in law." Then he
| agreed to provide a separate home, but
1 the wife would not budge. Depue in . Hi
returned to Chicago, where he had been
a teacher, and provided a home there,
but all his coaxing proved of no avail.
She preferred her parents. Depue tried
for a divorce once before, but Judge Og
i den refused to grant a decree. He stated
i at the previous trial and alleges in the
i present complaint that he does not har
\ monize with his parents-in-law and teels
that all of his wife's friends are consplr
j ing against him.
Mrs Depue is his second wife and the
I stepmother of Clare Depue, whose mys
terious disappearance caused so much
' talk and who. after being absent for nine
months, was located about two weeks
ago. The father claims that the 13-year
m!,i boy was spirited away and kept In
j hiding "by the mother.
To Make a Technical Fight.
OAKLAND, Oct. 6.— W. J. Nixon,
charged with selling liquors without a
license appeared in the Police Court to
day, pleaded not guilty and demanded a
jury trial The officers had a lively time
in arresting Nixon. To-day his attorney.
Colonel Garrity, tried to have the charge
dismissed as a demurrer, claiming that
the words "on or about" had been inter
lined in the primed complaint, and there
fore the time on which the alleged of
fense was committed was not stated with
•sufficient certainty. Judge Allen, how
ever, overruled the demurrer.
BIG ENTRY LIST
FOR THE ROAD RACE
TEN-MILE EVENT ATTRACTS
ALL THE CRACKERJACKS.
New Riders by the Score Puzzle the
Handicapper How to Properly
Place Them.
The largest entry Hst ever known In
an evom of the California Associated Cy
cling Clubs is represented by the list of
starters for the annual ten-mile road
race to be run next Sunday morning
from Fruitvale to Haywards. The list
numbers 114 men,' many of whom are new
to the game, although all the old-timers
are also entered. On account of the many
riders whose previous performances are
unknown, Official Handicapper Smyth ha 3
had a difficult time in allotting them to
their various marks, but his work has
been carefully done and the event will re
sult in a grand race.
The race will start at High street,
Fruitvale, on the San Leandro road,
promptly at 10 a. m. Sunday. The follow
ing are the entries and handicaps:
Scrat h— J. E. AVing, George P. Fuller, E. F.
Russ and E. A. Bosio, Olympic; X. R. Lind,
Acme; Tony Delmas, Garden City.
43 seconds— E. O. Kragness, George Tantau.
E. G. Stanley, Olympic; Ben Noonan, Bay
City; Gail Hardenbrook, Garden City.
1 minute— lt. G. Black, Walter J. Davidson,
Bay City; A. P. Deacon, Reliance.
1 minute 15 seconds— ThomaH H. White. Cali
fornia; George I. Thorn. Julius Smith. H.
Schnitspan, Garden City; D. G. Sylvester, Bay
City; A. T. Smith, Acme.
1 minute 39 seconds— H. D. Bean, George
Kroetz, J. W. Klngsley, Olympic; R. A. Coul
ter California; A. H. Agnew, Acme; M. G.
Curtis. Enclnal: A. J. Clark. Garden City.
1 minute 45 seconds— P. H. Rusenheim, Re
liance; W. C. Stevens. Imperial; T. Schleuter,
Acme; M. G. Francis, 11. Robinson, Garden
City; Edward MtNtss, Bay City; L. H. Smith,
Olympic.
2 minutPs 45 seconds— Harry Kennedy, Acme;
R. H. O. Bohr. W. Pedler. Charles Rueser. bea
ter Livingstone. Bay City; E. B. Wastle, G.
C. W. ; R. A. Henderson, I. Bllverberpr. R. R.
Chorley, Olympic; A. Garflcld, Reliance; J. N.
Llii'l C. R. Worrell, Imperial; L>. Kraker, San
Francisco Road Cluh; C. C. V. Reeve. Enclnal.
3 minutes— A. Bannister, C. J. Vogel. Reli
ance; George Hknsoh, C. C. Williams. E. Saun
ders, Olympic; A. W. Nlcholla. V. A. Curlln,
Arthur McDonald, Garden City; J. C. Larsen,
California; Parker Baldwin, Acme; A. O. Hoff
man, Imperial.
3 minutes IS seconds — C. Hohnes, A. Mil«s,
Reliance; W. F. Young, Frank Volmc, C. H.
Metzler, Garden City; L. Ppillane, Imperial;
J. Mclntyre. L. J. Hammersmith, W. Rhodes.
John Hob.=on, Olympic: F. A. Bush, California.
3 minutes 30 seconds— W. F. Martin. F. C.
Evans. Reliance; E. F. Brown, Enclnal; A. 9.
Schlmmel, Garden <"lty; Eddie Adams, Olympic;
George Freeman, Acme.
The following gentlemen have been se
lected to take care of the details of both
start and finish:
Referee, Charles Albert Adams. Judges— J.
FEAST OF POMONA.
Celebrated Last Night by the State
Grange.
OAKLAND, Oct. 6. — The State
Grange spent this morning in dis
cussing the free market proposition
for San Francisco. The following com
mittees were announced by Worthy Mas
ter W. W. Greer:
Credentials— F. E. Schirmer (chairman).
Charles W. Emery, Julius H. Beach, Sister
S. \V. Pilcher, Sister F. B. Moore.
Division of Labor— B. O. Hurlburt (chair
man), Thomas Walte, B. Hayward, Sister R.
S Twltchell, Sister Delia Moran.
Resolutions— L. H. Applegate. Harry C.
Raap. C. t>. Butler, Sister Clara Blohm, Sister
George Conners.
Constitution and by-laws— R. O. Baldwin, O.
S. Twitchell, Nathan H. Root, Sister A. S.
Haywood. Sister S. Hurlburt.
Fifth and Sixth degrees— E. C. Shoemaker,
Joseph D. Connell, S. W. Pitcher, Slater Jen
nie Gould, Sister J. I>. Beecher, Sister Jennie
Saunders.
Pomona Feast— H. F. Blohm, Walter Ren
wlck. M. D. Hopklng. R. O. Baldwin, Mrs.
L. Schellmeyer.
Finance — George Conners, A. D. Butler, Ja
cob Bettinger, Sister Sadie Mac. Sister C. W.
Press— Cyrus Jones, M. P. Hopkins, a.
Worthen, Sister Emory and Mattle Maholln.
This evening the grange celebrated the
Feast of Pomona at Elite Hall. The
tables were laden with all the products
of the orchard, and many guests partici
pated. To-morrow morning President
Arper of the Merchants' Exchange will
address the grange.
A Bedstead Manufactory.
OAKLAND, Oct. 6.— The Pacific Metal
Bedstead Company, recently incorpor
ated, with a capital of $150,000, will soon
occupy the old shoe factory building near
Sixteenth-street station, which has been
renovated and remodeled. The incor
porators are: A. Rudyear, W. A. Schrock
and William Hammer, of Oakland; A.
Merle of Alameda and V. Stone of San
Francisco.
W. Mullen, O. C. W.; F. H. Kerrigan, B. C.
W.i J. B. Lamkin, G. C. W.; C Trolllet, I. C.
C • E. Lewis S. F. R. C. : J. J. Allen, Acme;
E. B. Jerome, K. A. C. ; R. W. Welch, B. C.
W. ; F. N. Bent. C. C. C. Timers— George P.
Wetmore. B. C. V. ; Joe Lewis, S. F. R. C. ; VT.
F. Bharr.e, Acme; J. S. Bailey. San Jose; J. S.
Deslmone. O. C. W. : W. T. McFarlane. I. C.
C. ; Plnkey Stoddard, B. C. W. : Edward Christ,
B. C. W.j F. C. Montealegre, C. C. W. : H. D.
Hadenfeldt, O. C. W. Scorer*— H. W. Spaldlne,
B. C. W.; Herbert D. Clark, B. C. W. ; C. N.
Kavlln. Un. : T. G. Spillane, O C. W. ; S.J.
McKnlght. Ariel; George E. Owen. G. C. W,i
H. L. Whitman. R. A. C: Stanley Scovern. In.;
E. Fahrbach. B. C. W. ; J. A. Hammersmith,
O. C. W. Clerk of course. J. F. Hancock. As
elstant clerks— George E. Dlxon, E. W. Schnei
der. R. J. Eliot; checkers— W. C. Umbach, A.
M. McCartr. It. Prtct Miller, H. Linsley. C. H.
Yearlan, J. Url. J. M. Hamilton, Henry Wynne,
E. N. Cretgh; chief umpire, U. C. Hahn, O. C.
W. : assistant umpires— L. Meyer, E. E. Berg
man, E. S. Bailey. A. McFarland. M. Bestar
&{g, A. Hampton: chief marshal. J. P. Thorn;
starter. John Kitchen. Acme: assistant starters
— M. Y. Geanes, F. G. Peck.
WILL KNOW TO-DAY.
The Seventh Regiment Anxiously
Awaiting Its Fate.
The applications of the men of the Sev
enth Regiment asking for discharges were
forwarded to department headquarters
yesterday by General Miller. General
Merriam wired the adjutant general his
recommendation in the matter, but re
fused to give it out* for publication. It
will be known to-day definitely what will
be the fate of the regiment. There is
hardly any dcubt that the Seventh
will be mustered out.
The site for the general military hospi
tal has not yet been selected. Colonel
Mlddleton recommended Fort Mason, but
this was disapproved by General Mer
riam. Another location will be selected by
the Medical Department this week. It was
not known at department headquarters
yesterday where this would be.
" Walter C. Lovejoy. M.D.. a member of
the Hospital Corps at the division hospi
tal has received his appointment as an
acting assistant surgeon of the regular
army Dr Lovejoy, since his enlistment,
has had charge of the operating room
and surgical ward at the hospital, and his
appointment is but a just recognition of
his faithful services.
Stubbs Goes East.
J. C. Stubbs, third vice-president of the
Southern Pacific Company, left on last
night's overland for Chicago, where he
will attend a meeting of the transconti
nental freight traffic managers. The ob
ject of the traffic managers' convention
is the adjustment of the differences that
exist between the American lines and the
Canadian Pacific Railway.
St. Andrew's Society.
This evening the St. Andrew's Society
will tender a reception to the San Fran
cisco Oratorio Society in Scottish Hall.
It wi.i be an invitational affair and there
will be presented a choice programme of
music.
THE HOUSE OF
inn nuuuL ur
BLAZES MUST
BE REMOVED
Even the Old Shack
Is Mortgaged.
A CENTER OF HISTORY
SUPREME COURT AWARDS IT TO
THE MUNICIPALITY.
Nothing Now but a Mortgage to
Prevent the Immediate Open
»jig of Fallon
Street.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 6.
The House of Blazes is now the prop
erty of the city of Oakland, according to
a recent decision of the Supreme Court.
Ten years ago everybody who was any
body on either side of the bay heard of
the House of Blazes. It was a resort that
was very popular before electric roads
crossed the Twelfth street dam and
robbed the locality of its seclusion. Now
nobody would be sorry if the ramshackle
place, with its little summer houses, were
to go up in flames, with all the history,
pleasant and unpleasant, that it has
helped to make for nearly a generation.
Yet over this dilapidated wreck that is
suggestive of "good times" there is likely
to be a contest. A mortgage is held upon
it by a San Francisco bank, and although
the building put up at auction would not
fetch $50 for nrewoou, a great dt/al more
is likely to be spent before gallon street
is cut through from Eleventh to Twelfth.
The old resort is located in the middle of
the road, and now that the Supreme
Court has decided that the title to the
property is vested in the city of Oakland
the old house must go. About three years
ago the opposition to maintaining the
place was so great that its French pro
prietor went into insolvency, and no one
has yet ventured to assume its manage
ment. It has rapidly decayed, and there
is in existence a ledger containing some
of the records which many people would
wish destroyed. When the place was last
attached by the Sheriff this little record
THEY ATTEMPT
TO BREAK THE
TRUST CLAUSE
Contention Over the
Will of Sutro.
:THE HEIRS ARE RESTLESS
DO NOT CHOOSE TO WAIT FOR
THEIR .SHARE.
Distribution of the Vast Estate Will
Be Expedited if the Trouble
some Provision Is De
clared Invalid.
A majority of the heirs of the late
Adolph Sutro have decided to proceed as
did the heirs of the Fair estate and en
deavor to obtain a judgment of the court,
declaring the trust clause In the will of
the millionaire not only inoperative but
invalid.
With this end in view Clara A. Sutro,
Edgar E. Sutro, Kate Nusbaum and Rosa
V. Morblo Hied suit yesterday against
Emjna L. Merrltt and W. 11. R. Adamson,
as trustees under Sutro's will, and George
\V. Merritt and Charles W. Sutro, to quiet
title to a portion of the San Miguel
Rancho, which includes "The Heights"
and the beach properties, containing in
all about 1160 . acres.
The plaintiffs allege that the defend
ants, other than George W. Merrltt and
Charles W. Sutro, assert that they are
trustees under an instrument purporting
to be a will of Adolph Sutro, and as such
trustees, claim an interest in the property
on which it is sought to quiet title. The
other defendants, it is averred-, also claim
an interest in the real property adverse
to the plaintiffs, which claim plaintiffs al
lege is without right or foundation. Af
ter reciting these allegations, plaintiffs
pray that the adverse claims of the de
fendants, as trustees or otherwise, be de
termined; that all questions concerning
the validity of any gift, devise or trust,
under any instrument purporting to be a
will of Adolph Sutro, under or through
which the trustees claim, be finally ad
judicated and determined. That 4t be
adjudged and decreed that the defendants
have not, as trustees or otherwise, any
right, title or interest in the property.
That Emma L. Merritt and W. H. R.
Adamson, as trustees under said instru
ment purporting to be a will of Adolph
Sutro, be forever enjoined from asserting
any claim to any of the property belong
ing to the estate of Adolph Sutro, and
purporting to be devised in trust by the
Instrument to Emma L. Merritt and W.
H. R. Adamson, named in the instrument
as trustees.
Yesterday was the day set for further
hearing in the matter of the contest of
the will. Neither side was ready to pro
ceed and by agreement the case was con
tinued until the 14th mat.
TO SURVEY THE GAP.
Chief Engineer Storey of the Valley road
will leave this morning for Bakersfleld
for the purpose of inspecting the pro
posed route of the road from that city
through Tejon Pass to Los Angeles.
Mr. Storey expects to return in a week
or ten days and will then send a corps
of surveyors and engineers down to map
out the route and prepare it for actual
building. This, it is expected, will soon be
begun.
Charged With Felony.
Dr. J. B. McMahon. whose name was
mentioned in connection with the death of
Mrs. Rosenthal, who died from the effects
of a criminal operation, surrendered him
self to the police last evening and was
charged with a felony. He was immedi
ately released on 11000 bonds furnished by
his "friends.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Tbthe* _>^ -— ,
ilmila :~Sjtif<-. s/t?A -si » 08
of suppers and dinners that Oakland and
San Francisco bon vivants had forgotten
to pay for was taken possession of by a
debtor, and so great was Its value consid
ered to be that it is said the debtor's bill
against the establishment was quickly
liquidated.
City Attorney Dow said that as a mat
ter of fact the city has owned the place
for years and could bring suit to recover
the rent paid for the same if there were
any prospect of obtaining it.
Alamedfe. County's Cash.
OAKLAND. Oct. 6.— The county's cash
has just been counted by Supervisor J. R.
Talcott, Auditor Myron A. Whidden and
Deputy District Attorney Greene. They
report as follow?: When last counted on
September 7 there was a total ->t $19'J,
901 59 on hand. Since then $2,5«0 47 has
been received from officers' fees, and
$1,880 40 from other sources, making a
total of $204,342 46 to be accounted for.
Disbursements since the last count
amount to $35.058 46, leaving a balance of
SlfiP,2S4 that should be in the treasury.
This amount was found to be on hand.
The money is distributed as follows:
United States gold coin, $26,600; gold
notes, $241: silver coin. $1053 25; on deposit
in Central Bank. $60,000; in Union Na
tional Bank. $20,000; in First National
Bank. $60,000; Controller's warrants,
$1,339 75.
Hunger Led Him to Steal.
OAKLAND. Oct. 6.— Lee Warren, the
17-year-old boy booked at the City Prison
last night for petty larceny, admitted to
day in the Police Court that he had stolen
a watch from an employe at the Tele
graph-avenue power-house. He had taken
the watch to a jeweler, who. having at
one time repaired it. recognized the time
piece. He told a pitiful tale, however, of
the death of his parents, of hunger, etc.,
and pleaded for mercy. The passing of
sentence was continued until to-morrow.
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO. July 30th, 1898.
WHEREAS. The Legislature of the State of
California, at its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January, A. D. 1*97.
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of tha
State of California, to-wit:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
41.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion. In relation to revenue and taxation, by
which It is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 18. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or school district shall In-
cur any Indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding In any year
the Income and revenue provided for it for
such year, without the ; assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
I less before, or at the time of incurring such
! indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the interest on such Indebtedness as it falls
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same: provided, however, that the City and
i County of San Francisco may at any time pay
: the unpaid claims with interest thereon for
j materials furnished to and work done for said
| city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers In said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and in determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner; and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo, in Solano County, may pay its exist-
ing Indebtedness incurred in the construction
of Its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
i electors thereof voting at an election held for
I that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted-
' ness or liability Incurred contrary to this pro-
i vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
I shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
i . 10.) . .
; A resolution' proposing ♦? its people or tr.a
Pin'/- .of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
| tion, to be known and designated as section
! seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
! viding for the framing by the inhabitants of
I counties of local county government acts for
I their own government. The said proposed new
i section to read as follows-
Section 7%. The Inhabitants of any county
'• may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
i inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
i ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
• by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
i have been, for at least five years, qualified
'■ electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
i eral or special election, whose duty It shall be
I within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds Of the
county Such proposed county government act
Shall then be published In two papers of gen-
' eral circulation In such county, or If there be
1 not two such papers, then In one only, for at
! least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication It shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county at a general or special election, and If
' a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for its
'' rejection or approval, as a whole, ■without
power of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
i ment act of such county, and shall in such
' case become the organic law thereof and super-
' sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act. certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
i visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting forth the submission of such , county
government act to the electors, and its ratifica-
tion by them, shall, be made In duplicate and
i deposited, one In the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded in the
office' of the Recorder of Deeds In the county,
among the archives of the county.
All courts shall take judicial notice thereof.
' The county government act so ratified may be
: amended "at intervals of not less than two
vrars by proposals therefor, submitted by the
leelslative authority of the county, to the
; qualified electors thereof, at a general or spe-
c ial election held at least forty days after the
! publication of such proposals for twenty days
i in a newspaper of general circulation In such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the Qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any alternative article or proposition may be
' presented for the choice of the voters, and may
' be voted on separately without prejudice to
jt cr shall be competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given, by
this section, to provide for the manner in
which the times at which,, and the terms for
which the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed; for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
and for the compensation payable to each of
such deputies, for the manner in which, the
♦imps in which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
elected or appointed and for the .constitution,
regulation compensation and government of
such boards, and of their clerks and attaches;
also to prescribe the manner and i method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted- and may in addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate in any primary election.
Whenever any county has. in the manner
and method herein pointed out. adopted any
county government act, and the same shall
have been approved by the Legislature a*
aforesaid, the direction of sections four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
of a system of county governments throughout
the State and likewise providing for the elec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation of their compensation shall not apply.
sVld county government act shall, an to any of
the matters hereinabove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act, not be
■uibiect to any law or amendment enacted by
the LeciFlature. except by amendment first
submitted to the electors and ratified In the
manner herelnabove set forth.- .' 4 •
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as section flve and
one-half, article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows:
Section 5H- The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, ■ and
Us Judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the ' Court of Claims shall be held as . fol-
lows: '.
.-. In the City. of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March: ,i
1 • In the City and County -of San . Francisco,
commencing on the second Monday in July,
i and .-/-'■•^!2^e^SQS* i i^^^^RsS¥ : V ■ -.
> la the City of Sacramento, commencing on
COMPANY G.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 6.— There appear to ba
I two kinds of reports with regard to the
condition of the members of Company G,
Eighth Regiment, now at Vancouver bar
racks. A number of letters have been re
ceived from privates complaining about
I the manner in which they have been
! treated, and particularly, the food. Much
| sickness is said to prevail, and it was stat
ed that there were a number of ca
typhoid fever. It was alleged that during
drill the other day three men dropped iv
the ranks from weakness, brought on by
unnecessary hardship. On the other hand,
ja letter from Sergeant Harvey of the
| company says that the acci unts of hard
. ships have been exaggerated, as v, - ell as
of sickness. He says that the illness has
not been serious, being mostly colds from
the change of climate, and that the stories
of ill treatment are, for the most part,
unfounded.
To Consider the Tax Levy.
OAKLAND. Oct. 6.— The Mayor has
called a special meeting of the City Coun
cil for to-morrow night to consider the
tax levy. He has prepared a statement
which he will present and which c
that the ordinance ;>s passed by the
Council will leave a big deficit in" the
funds of every department. He was peti
tioned to-day by ISO university students
who use the free library to veto the ordi
nance.
S %v Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/Ls«C»Jtfl <>-•"» KE.IK.VV ST. Established
Bfil*JK9l ln I Bs * for the treatment of Private
bSkjLJktr-uttil Diseases, Lost Manhood Debility or
BHMJBMBj^ disease wearing on hodvitrnl in n-il:n;il
feJ^HBHUB .Skin I<isPiiB«*s. The doctor cureswheii
others fail Try him. Charges low
nTTPBH <■■■ r » | htki unt i i rl Calii.rwrite.
I>r. J. X. «jiIBBO>. Box 1957. 5au Francisca
the second on ay of November of each year,
receive fn o ?' dlng SUCh terzn of court "^5
; Rhnl L"? extra compensation therefor, but
' ™ "receive their actual expenses, to be pa
i The Ie 6 . f enera ' fun of the State treasury
tr , n™, X '" a shall enact alt laws necessary
to organize such court, to Provide the pro-
jof this section. aEd t0 CaFry ° Ut the Provisions .
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
. , No. 37.)
"tate re of rVn?n tO . propose to the people of the
stitutinn California . an amendment to the Con-
sutution of the State amending article eleven,
by adding a new section thereto, to be known
conan^V^ 2 ur " ber flve and one-half, relating to
! consolidated city and county governments. The
j said proposed ne-v section to read as follows:
o^ fl' on Pfc. The Provisions of sections four
fe.rt.Jl VMV M ° r thIS a / tlcle Bhall not - nor snaU an y
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
' any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
nave become, or shall become, organized under
11 £ 100I 00 , Y.? n< or secure a charter under section
, eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
i (Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
— , , No. 36.)
: b».» resolution to propose to the people of the
: ewe of California an amendment of section
nrteen and section sixteen of article five of the
I Constitution of the State of California, by
; wnicri It is proposed to amend said sections to
■ read as follows:
j Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall be
I elected at the same time and place and in th«
same manner as the Governor, and his term of
: office and his qualifications shall be the same.
; He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
foection 16. In case of the impeachment of
the v Governor, or his removal from office, death
inability to discharge the powers and duties of
; his office, resignation or absence from the
; htate the powers and duties of the office shall
| devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
■ residue of the term, or until the disability sha.l
: cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor be
i impeached, displaced, resign, die or become in-
j capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy In the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy In the
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and du'.iev of such of-
r.ce »naa devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall be
filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER BIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th»
State of California an amendment to section
six, article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall In-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall include schools organized In a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand inhabitants. In
which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific department of the Univer-
sity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th«
State of California an amendment to section,
two of article four of the Constitution, In rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which it
is proposed to amend said section to read as
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
in the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
in session for twenty-five days, after which It
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fall to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation.-
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete Its
session. No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
no bill shall be Introduced In either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of th*
members thereof.
NOW. THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro- ■
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors tor
their approval." approved March 7, A. D. 1883,
the above-described proposed amendments are
hereby published and .advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the £
State, at the election to be held throughout ;
this State on
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, A. D. IS9S-
The said proposed amendments are to be sep- ■
arately voted upon In manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express his
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One, being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francisco, and
the existing indebtedness of the City Tea
of Vallejo for the construction of its .
water works from the provisions of . No
the Constitution requiring such claims .
' to be paid from the Income and reve-
nues of the year In which they were
incurred).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Two. being Senate f
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 j Yea
(providing 1 for framing local county- .
government acts by inhabitants of No
counties for their government).
For the Amendment? v/-' .-
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- '
ate Constitutional Amendment No.
• 44 (providing : for the creation of a
Court of Claims to determine claims Tea
• against the State, and to consist of- ' . '
three Superior Judges designated by Na
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Four, being As- '
sembly. Constitutional Amendment
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities Tea
•and counties, organized or to be or- . '
ganlzed, or holding a charter un- No
der. the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation In relation to counties).
For the Amendment? . { i/ : .. ;'-.i
Amendment Number Five, being As- '
sembly Constitutional Amendment
N0.' 36 (relating to office of Governor, \ Tea
providing for succession thereto in — ;—; —
; certain cases and removing disability N«
i • ' . of Lieutenant Governor from holding J
other office during term).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Six. being Assem-
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 3S Yes -
(relating to and defining Grammar .
-Schools). •..■'■• . ■'•■ i Na
For the Amendment? . y ,
Amendment ' Number Seven, being As- '
sembly - Constitutional Amendment
| No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Yes
Legislature ■ for not less than thirty — .
nor more than sixty days during each No
session). -.
• For the Amendment?
Witness my hand and the Great Seal of. tha
State of California,- the day and year herein
first above written. -. • .
- . JAMES H. BUDD, Governor.
Attest: L. H. BROWN, Secretary of But*
i6EAX,.a : - - / ..--.,
910
GRADY UPHOLDS
RUNNERS' GLORY
Wins the Citrus Belt
Selling Stakes.
CLOSE TO THE COAST RECORD
COVERS THE MILE AND A HALF
IN 2:32 1-2.
The 2:15 Trot a Terrific Contest, in
Which Osito, the Favorite,
Is Beaten by
Thompson.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 6.— Even if tho
card to-day did wear a hagg-ard look it
furnished some rare sport, which was
•witnessed by a good-sized crowd.
The 2:15 trot was a terrific contest,final
ly resulting in a victory for Thompson,
the Vendome stock farm representative,
driven by Charles Bunch, but not until
seven stubbornly fought heats had been
ground off.
Grady upheld the glory of the runners
by taking the Citrus Belt selling stakes
from Marplot, covering the mile and a
half in 2:32 l -j. dangerously close to the
coast record made by Buckwa at Oak
land. Favorite followers suffered many
reverses.
Osito, favorite for the trot, placed his
followers in stringent circumstances, and
all of the first choices in the four running
events were turned toward the wall.
The trot for members of the 2:13 class
became badly broken before it was final
ly brought to a finish. In the early pool
ing Osito, a son of McKinney, driven by
W. G. Durfee, had the call, bringing 6
against 10 for the field. He was kept
in the background for three heats before
his party concluded they had had their
little ball of yarn wound up. Thompson
took the opening heat from Lou in a hard
drive, and the books that laid 6 and S to
1 against him were singed. Although
lame after the first heat, Lou annexed
the one following with the two favorites,
Thompson and Osito, finishing second
and fourth respectively. Then Thompson
grabbed the third heat from Silver Ring
and Lou, after which he ruled favorite,
both in the auction betting and books.
In the fourth heat Osito came out with
different head gear on, and the educated
ones sent the checks in on him, cutting
his price in the books for the heat from 6
to 2. Jimmy Sullivan, behind Sable
Frances, thought just about this time the
field was getting back to his mares
mark, and she was played from 20 down
to 8. After an exciting heat, during the
progress of which Osito and his driver
got much the worst of the jockeying, the
latter horse led Sable Frances past the
judges a length in «:17-V
Alter this Osito was chalked a 2 to 5
choice for the next heat and finished sec
ond, downed a length by Sable Frances,
after Silver Ring had made a lively pace
to the stretch. The crowd seemed deter
mined to make Osito win and he WuS a
piping hot choice for the sixth heat,
which he managed to annex, after a live
ly brush at the end with Sable Frances.
It was now quite evident that the Latter
had had enough for he finished weary
> joking &nd tired.
When Thompson, which had apparent
ly been rested up for three heats, came
out for the seventh essay, he was full of
ginger and looked all over "Hawkins"
horse." The field was given the word, the
favorite was afforded no protection, being
sent away last and was cut on* at the
first turn. At the half Thompson took
the front position from Sable Frances,
and. though given a desperate rub at the
end by Osito, won the heat and race fciy
half a length.
The Citrus Belt stake, worth about $525,
the star event of the running part of the
programme, drew out but a field of three.
Marplot with 93 pounds and Devin,' in the
saddle, closed a 9 to 20 choice, with 3 to
2 offered on Grady, piloted by Mike Hen
nessy and packing 108 pounds. Hennessy's
handling of Grady was perfect. Marplot
went out and tried to make a runaway
race of it, but Hennessy sailed hot after
him. and at the end of a mile covered |
in 1:39 flat, the Fresno horse had the fa
vorite beaten. • Grady had speed to burn
the last quarter and won cleverly by a
couple of lengths. Petrarch was eased
up.
The first event run, a &■> furlong- dash,
shook the talent badly. William 08, car
ried ail the big commissions at the short
price of 1 to 2. and outfooted from the
start, finished third. Tom Smith, an S-to-1
shot, piloted by Bullman. skipped away
lii the lead and was never headed, beating
the wretchedly ridden Queen Nubia over
a length. Ruiz, who rode the latter, !s
evidently preparing- himself for a Ion? va
cation and will probably not be disap
pointed.
It was soft traveling for the 2-year-old
llidlove In the six-furlong sprint.
Opening up at 8 to 3 the stable money was
■withheld until her odds reached 11 to >.
when a scramble was made and her price
reduced to 6 to 5. She won all the way. The
9 to 10 choice. Toribio. got up in time to
ret the place from Pat Murphy in a hard
drive. The crowd got aboard Ojai to pace
off the final" four-and-one-half-furlong spin
for 2-year olds, hut he was beaten out in
a drive by the Burns & Waterhouse en
try. Naplan. neglected to a great extent
in the betting. Summary:
Thompson, oh. h. by Boodle
(Bunch) 1 2 13 5 4 i
Osito, b. h. by McKinney
(Durfee) 3 4 5 12 12
Sable Frances, b. m. by Sable
■\Vilkes (Sullivan) 4 .=; 4 2 1 •> 3
Lou. b. m. by Ira (Donathan)..* 13 4 3 3 4
Silver RinK. b. m. by Sliver
How (William*) ...i 3 * 5 4 ,} r
Time, 2:14%, 2:14>4. - 1" ; .-. MTV 2:'l7U, 2.18%,
2:IS.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
LOS ANGELES. Thursday, Oct. 6.— Third day of the Sixth District
Agricultural Society meeting. "Weather fine; track fast.
J W. BROOKS. Presidlns Judge.
J. F. CALDWELL. Starter.
lOQ FIRST RACE-Six and a half furlongs;
lyJiJ* purse, $2&0.
selling;
three-year-olds
and
upward;
Tfiettln-.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Mm. %r,
%m.
Km.
%m.
m. Str.
Str.
Fin. [ Jocke
Fin. ;
Jockeys.
90 Tom Smith, 4 ..157 2
101 Queen Nubia. 4 101 1
107 William 08. a 113 4
92 Kaiser Ludwig. 4.. .11) 3
101 Ettiwanda. 3 102 5
2 2
1 %
4 I
3 h
5
1 1
2 h
3 Vl
4 1
6
1 1
3 2
2 1
5
4 H
1 n
3 3
2 1
4 4
6
1 I*4 I
2 n
3 10 (
4 S
V \
S
Bullman >
6
5-2
2-6
15
2i
6
%
3-5
IS
25
6
I
Ruiz j
IFrawley i
Kanely i
iPowell !
Time. 1:21. GoM start. Won first three driving.
_•. by Clarendon-Sparrow Grns.i.
Winner, Orange Vale Stable's br.
110.
N"D RACE— Six furlongs; selling; a.; ages; purse, $100.
Horse. Arc Weight.
'«m.
Hm.
Km.
Str.
Bet
Op.
106 Mldlove. 2 S5; 2 ... 13 15 14 12 IDev
Tcriblo, 3 102; 3 ... S3 3« 35 24 'Rui
107 Pat Murihy, 5 K^l ... 21 22 21 3* |Hoi
33 Polish. 4 107 4 ... 6 5 4 2 4 4 Tra
__iOS Palomares. a IM 5 ... 4 1 4 1 5 6 J. I
Time, 1:134. Oood stut. Won easily. Second and third driving.
■ ouse's eh. f. by Midlothian-Free Love.
:
i
l
4
i 5
1 3
3 3
2 1
6
4 1
1 5
3 6
2 2
5
4 1
1 4
3 5
2 1
4 2
5
1 2
2 4
3 S
4 4
6
|Devln
Ruiz
iHouck
yin I 8-5 6 5
Iz 1 S-5 5-10
uck 10 12
iwley I 6 -.* 4
hu.i ■ 50 •)
Winner, Burns &
(Frawley
|J. Rui*
111.
THIRD RACK— Mile and a half; three-year-olds and
handicap; $400 added.
upward;
the
CttrtM
Belt
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Ptd.
%m.
Hm.
\m.
Str.
Fin.
104 Orady. 5
104 Marplot. 3
KM Petrarch. 5
! 2
3
I 1
3
1 2
2 n
2 S
1 h
3
1 1
2
1 IV4
IW
2
■ ; ______
issy ....
I
•Pulled up.
Time. :26. :49H. 1:16. 1:39. 2:0« H. 2:324. Good start. Won easily. Second driving.
ner. Crane & Owens' b. c. by Three Cheers- Gold Cup.
112 ForRTH RACE— Four and a half furlong*; selling; two-year-olds; purse, JJOO.
Horse.
Weight.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
in« N'apian
94 OJaJ
10€ Inola
... Los Modtnos
1
I
3
4
1 1
2 2
S 3
4
1 h
2 3
. 3 S
4
2 S
1 1
3 3
4
In
- 27
3 4
4
t
6-5
3-5
S
■ «
T-2
4-5
4
Time, :55. Good start. Won flrst three driving. Winner, Burns & Wftterhovse'f b a.
by Mialothlan-Napsu
Following are the entries for to-morrow:
First race, special pace — Bernard, Bustina.
Juliet r>, Billy Baker, Don, Nut way.
Second race, five and a half furlongs:
101 Elsie Smith 1041 107 La Maroma 101
... Kelna de Los 101 Smyle «
Angeles 1041 101 Graclas "
Third race— Entries close at 10 a. m.
Fourth race, Log Angeles Futurity, six fur
longs:
102 Reina de Cuba..loS 102 San Augustine.. lll
89 Ocorona 113 ... Peter Weber.. ..lll
51 Headwater ing 106 Carmanlta II — 10S
86 Obsidian 118! 106 Ellen Wood 108
106 Miss Reel lOSi 106 Correct 118
102 Sir Urlan lOSI
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs:
... Howard 10S !(107)ShaFta Water.. .llo
107 Lady Ashley... .100 I UoS)Moringa 108
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Splendid Showing Made by the San
Francisco Postofflce During- ■
the Fiscal Year.
1 WASHINGTON. Oct. 6.— Pensions have
been granted as follows:
California: Original— John Shaw, San
Jose, $8; Joseph Meyer, Potrero, $8; Albert
Dougherty, Veterans' Home, Napa, $6;
Frederic**. H. "Wales, Black Diamond, $6;
William D. Stevens, San Francisco, $6.
Increase (special)— Samuel S. Lawson, Los
Angeles, $6 to $8.
Oregon: Original— William J. Elliott,
Monmouth, $8. Mexican War widow
. Frances. E. Knighton, Tangent, $8.
Washington: Original— Pinkey M. Cole,
Allyn, $6; Thomas B. S. Coleman, Cheney,
$3.
I A postofflce has been established at Bier
! Lake, Skagit County. Washington, with
! John Gray as Postmaster.
The auditor for the Postofflce Depart
i ment to-day made public his annual re
i port of the work of the different post
offlces. The receipts from the San Fran
cisco office for the year ending June, IS9S.
were $917,977, while for the preceding year
they were $550,603. The total expenses for
ISOB were $441,432, which makes a clear
profit of $476,545. or a little over 51 per cent
for the year IS9B.
Captain John F. Lucey, Sixth California
Volunteer Infantry, having tendered his
resignation, is honorably discharged from
' the service of the United States, to take
I effect this date, to enable him to accept
a commission in the California Volunteer
Artillery.
Post Quartermaster Sergeant Stanis-
I lavs M. Neisser, now at the Presidio, will
i report for duty to the commanding gen-
I eral at Camp Merriam. San Francisco, to
! accompany troops to Manila.
The new postofflce premises for Santa
! Rosa, Cal., will be ready on November 20.
PERILOUS PLIGHT OF
THE FORTUNE HUNTER
Picked Up Near St. Michael in a
Sinking Condition — Barge and
Man Missing.
SEATTLE. Oct. 6.— The steamers Brix
ham and Tillamook arrived to-day from
St. Michael with 150 passengers, about
fifty of whom were from Dawson.
On September 20 the Tillamook picked
up the small steam schooner Fortune
Hunter of San Francisco, about fifty-five
miles south of St. Michael. The Fortune
Hunter was water-logged and in a se
rious condition. Besides her crew sh«
had ten passengers aboard, members of
the Alaska and Bonanza Mining and
Transportation Company of Chicago. The
Fortune Hunter left St. Michael Septem
ber 16 for Golovin Bay with abargeintow
and was caught in the recent storm that
swept along the coast. The barge was
beached and the schooner stood out to
sea. She became unmanageable and was
drifting south when picked up by the
Tillamook. which towed her to Qolovln
Bay. where she was beached. Unsuccess
ful search was made for the barge. Ster
ling Martin of Chicago was left on the
barge when the Fortune Hunter aban
doned it.
There were no signs of ice in the Yukon
on September 25. The Indians predicted
a late fall, and it is believed that all up
river Uoats afedv* Weare will reach their
destlr.ttion. The excitement " v <" tb»
reported riches of Colovln Bay continues,
and people are leaving St. Michael every
day in small boats.
SUDDEN DEATH OF
JOSEPH MURRAY
"Was Special Treasury Agent in
Charge of the Alaska Seal
Fisheries.
FORT COLLINS. Colo.. Oct. 6.— Joseph
Murray, special agent of the United
States Treasury Department in charge of
Alaska seal fisheries, died at his residence
h.-rt- to-day from cerebral hemorrhage.
He was on leave of absence and had
been horn" only a few days when stricken
Tuesday last.
CORBETT HOLDS HIS LEAD.
But Still Needs Ten Votes to Win
the Senatorship.
SALEM, Or.. Oct. 6.— ln joint assembly
the Oregon Legislature took a second bal- j
lot to-day for United States Senator, with
practically no change from yesterdays
vote, except for the fusionists changing
their ballots from Waldo to John H. j
"^ EL W. Oorbett retained his lead of thir- j
ty-s=ix votes.
'The ballot was as follows: Corbett,
36- George. 17; John H. Smith of Clatsop,
24 : Bakln, 6; William?. 3; Hewitt. 1; C. B.
Moores, 1; C. W. Fulton, 1. One absent.
CANDLER'S SAFE MAJORITY.
Victory for the Democratic Ticket in
Georgia.
ATLANTA. Ga.. Oct. 6.— Hon. A. D.
Candler's majority for Governor over J.
B. Hopan. Populist, is 55.000. This figure
is about 2(1.000 above the Democratic ma
ioritv for Governor two years ago. Sev
eral counties which returned Populist ma
jorities at that time show a complete re
versal in favor of the Democrats. The re
turn of a solid Democratic delegation to
Congress is assured.
The city of Atlanta decided in favor of
munieipai ownership of the electric plant.
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1898.
TURHER TURNED
THE TRICK THRICE
McLeod of Dare, Hand
ball, Tabouret.
SPENCER AND JONES WIN
THE DEVIL MEETS HIS WHAT
ERLOTJ AT HAWTHORNE.
Star of Bethlehem, Donald Bain, Ev
aline, Violet Parsons, Spirit
uelle and Mariti Make La
tonia Backers Happy.
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— The favorites
were successful in the first two races
at Morris Park to-day, and after that
they did not even come close to winning.
It was Jockey Turner's day. He had five
mounts, and won three times and was
twice third. Spencer and Eddie Jones of
California rode Bardella and Maximo Go
mez to victory in the first and last races
of the afternoon. Blueaway, winner of
the Fairview Stakes, was the extreme
outsider in the race, and Handball was at
6 to 1 in the Bronx Handicap, which he
won by a head.
First race, three-year-olds and upward.
Withers mile.
"Name and Wt. Jockeys.) %. %. %. Str. Fin.
•Bardella. 112 Spencer 12 Hi 11 12 IVi
Atlantus, 10S Maher 2h *Vi 2 2ft 2
Lady Disdain. 100. .Turner 3 3 3 3 3
Time, 1:45V4. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Sausalito odds— l to 2, 5 to 1 and 2% to 1.
Track odds— l to 2, 9 to 1 and 13 to 5.
•Favorite.
Second race, maiden two-year-olds, Eclipse
course.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. | hi. %. Str. Fin.
•McLeod of Dare, 112..Turner| 0 3 3 1
Ordeal, 109 O'Leary 1 I'm 2 2
! Imitation. 112 SpencerJ 0 0 0 3
. Cosmopolitan, 112 Moody i 2 2 0 0
• Sol. 112 Coylle 3 0 0 0
Favonlus. 112 Littlefleldl 0 0 110
Time, 1:11%. Won cleverly. Second and third
Tip Gallant 112. Flying Scotchman 112, Eller
dale 112 Dr. Fitzsimmons 113, Dorval 109, Ju- ;
ventas 109. Oration 112, Al Reeves 109 and Tyran
1(H) also ran.
Sausalito odds— 2U to 1. 5 to 1 and 6 to 1.
Track odds— 3 to 1, S to 1 and i to L
•Favorite.
Third race, Fairview stake, selling, one and
a sixteenth miles.
Name and Wt. Jockeyß.j V*. fr. %• Str. Fin.
Blueaway. 97 T. Burns: 1 1 lVj 1 1
Handpress, 95 ..O'Connor; 2 2 2 2n 2
•Decanter, 101 . ...O Leary| 4 4 3 4 3
Flax Spinner, im»..Maher| 3 3 4 3 4
Time, 1:48H- Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
SausaJito odds— 6 to 1. 24 to 1 and 3 to 2.
Track odds— 7 to 1, I to 1 and 8 to 6.
•Favorite.
Fourth race. Bronx handicap, last six fur
longs of Withers mile.
Nume ar.J Weight. Jockeys.| hi- %. Str. Fin.
Handball, 126 Turner} 3 3 0 lh
•Autumn. 109 Maherj 2 2 121
Blarneystone, 108 Spencer| 1 1 113
Lady Marian, 100 O'Connorl 0 0 8 0
Time. 1:16. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Macy 127 and St. Calatlne 121 also ran.
HauealHo odds— 6 to 1. 2 to 1 and 2-; to 1.
Track odd*— S to 1, 2 to 1 and 4 to 1.
Tavonte.
Fifth race, handicap, last seven furlongs of
Withers mile.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. l M- %. %. Str. Fin.
Tabouret. 106 Tumer| 2 2 1113 12
Fl'ting Gold 10$. O'Connor 0 0 0 0 2
•Leiber Karl, 126.. Burns' 1 113 3 3
LAlouette, 111 ..Spencer) 0 3 0 2 0
Marito. &5 J. Weben 3 0 2 0 0
Filament, 99 James; 0 0 0 0 0
Time, 1:29^. Won easily. Second and third
driving-
Sausalito odds— 3 to 1, 12 to 1 and 7 to 10.
Track odds— 3 to 1, 8 to 1 and S to fi.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, yelling. Withers mile,
~N«mf ami Wt. Jockeys.! fc. %. %. Str. Fin.
Max Gomez. 100.. .Jones! 11 11 In 111 1J
Hootch Plaid, lOfi ..Maher' 2 2 2 3 2 4
Eataca, 111 Spencer 0 0 » 0 3
•Handsel. 103 ....T. Burns) 0 0 0 2 0
Long Acre. 98 Moodyi 3 3 0 0 0
Time, 1:42%. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Tinge 111. Premier 111, Philip 100 and Sensa
tional 100 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 4 to 1, 6 to 1 and 4 to 1.
Track odds— 4 to 1. 7 to 1 and 4 to 1.
•Favorite.
LONG SHOTS AT HAWTHORNE.
Hardly, Zolo and Double Dummy
Surprise the Talent.
CHICAGO, Oct. fi.— Whaterlou was the only
successful first oheke at Hawthorne to-day.
Hardly was at S to 1, Zolo as good as 12 to 1
and Double Dummy at 8 to 1. Traverser waa
in his old-time form and won the second by
I two lengths with ease, odds 4 to 1. Survivor,
I with "Skepts" Martin up, took the fourth by
a nope, odd? 4 to 1. Five of the six winners
■were ridden by California boys, Beauchamp pi
loting three. Gray one and H. Martin one. Gray
was second on Ailyar In the only race they
did not win. Treachery ran away four miles
after the last race.
Flrft race, selling, one mile.
Name and Wt. Jockeys.! %. V - \- Str. Fin.
Hardly. 107 Gray- 2 2h 2 2 lVi
Her Favor. 107.. . .Everett) 11 12 12 1H 2 2
Muskadlne. 110 . .Cay wood j 0 0 0 0 3
Agnes C. 107 Holden 3 3 0 0 0
DoUEterswivel. 107Be'uc'p 0 0 3 0 0
8. Ss. Crescent, 107.Rutter 0 0 0 3 0
Time. 1:43»%. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Kir Hobart 107, Ladr Fltzsimmons 107, The
Professor 107. Bellamy 107, Babeica 110. Mar
cato 110 and *Hampden 110 also ran.
Sausalito odds— B to 1, 3 to 1 and 5 to 1.
Trat-k odds— S to 1 and 3 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, purse, six furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeyß.j V - %. Str. Fin.
Traverser, 110 Bloss'i 11 11 11 12
•Ailyar, 87 Gray! 2 2 2 121
May W. 112 Dupee| 3 3 3 3
Time. 1:15. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Our Nellie 84. Sea Lion S7. Verify 107 and
Hugh Penny 11! also ran.
Sausallto odd» — 4 to 1. 2 to 1 and 6 to 1.
Track odds— 4 to 1 and 4 to 5.
•Favorite.
Third race, purse, mile and a furlong.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. I )£ H- H- lm. Fin.
•Whaterlou. lOT.Beauch'p ] 2 1 1 12
The Devil, 103 Gray; 3 4 3 3 2
Azucena. 95 Dupeej 4 3 4 4 3
Cherry Leaf, 107. . .Rutter, 2 1H 2 2 4
Time. 1:56. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Sausallto odds— Even, 6 to 1 and 4 to 1.
Track odds— Even and 3 to 2.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, selling, mile and a sixteenth.
Name and Wt. Jockeys.] %■ t ri. %■ Str. Fin.
Zolo. 1"7 Beauchamp 11 11* 1 1 11 1
•Geld Band. 109. . ..Holden i 0 0 0 3 2
Brldgeton. 107 Everett' 0 0 0 0 3
Coch!?e. 107 Bloss : 2 2 3 2 0
Con Regan. 110. .C. Sloan! 3 3 2 0 0
Time. 1:50. Won cleverly. Second njid third
driving.
Dorothy 111 107, Count Fonso 109 and Jack of
Hearts 110 also ran.
Sau«allto odds— lo to 1, Bto 5 and 2to 1.
Track odds— ls to 1 and 7 to 10.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, two- year-olds, seven furlongs.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. I 14. vj. %. Str. Fin.
Survivor, 110... H. Martin 0 2 113 Ins
Capsicum, 106 Everett! 2 0 S 112
Q. of Song. 103..Beauch'p' 0 3 2 ° 3
Chancery. 103 .. McDonald! 110 0 0 0
Be True, 103 ....J. Ward' 3 lh 0 0 0
Time, 1:30. Won driving. Second ana third
driving.
Boardman 103, Xuma 1C3.« *Oleska 103, Shin
fane ins and Foxnette 103 also ran.
S&usalito odds — 4 to 1. 6 to 1 and 3 to 1.
Track odds^-9 to 2 and 5 to 2.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, selling, mile and a sixteenth.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. I *4. %. %. Str. Fin.
D. Dummy, 107.Beauch'p| 0 0 0 0 1 h
Treachery. 107.... J. Reiff 0 0 0 2 2
•Sutton, 114 Everett 0 0 0 0 3
Inconstancy, 107...H01den 1 lh 1 0 0
Alvarado 11, 109..Caywood 2 2 2 0 0
Celtic Bard, 109.. C. Rowef 3 3 3 1h 0
Tranby. 109 C. Sloan 0 0 0 3 0
Teutonia, 107 Bloss 0 0 0 0 0
Time, 1:50. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Sausalito ndds— B to 1, 5 to 1 and 2 to 1.
Track odds— l 2to 1 and 2to 1.
•Favorite.
THREE SURPRISES AT LATONIA.
They Were Donald Bain, Violet Par-
sons and Mariti.
CINCINNATI, Oct. G.— Donald Bain, Violet
Parsons and Mariti were the upsets at Lato
nia to-day, they being at odds of 6 to 1, 12 to 1
and 6 to 1 respectively. Evaline and Spirituelle
were the winning favorites, while Star of Beth
lehem was only at odds of 3 to 1. Crowhurst
did the best riding, riding Mariti to victory, be
ing second on Sis Vie and third on Conan
Doyle. The talent fell hard when Batten was
beaten by Donald Bain and when Rainlro and
Elsie Bramble did not run one, two or three.
The track dried up considerably.
First race, selling, six furlongs.
Star of Bethlehem. 102 (Southard) 1
•Allie Belle, 102 (H. Williams) 2
•Conan Doyle, 9a (Crowhurst) 3
Time, 1:1$!
Imp. Rout 107, Nora B 39. Rarus 99, Blacking
Brush 101, Crusader 101, Bootsie 101, Frank
Oriffith 101, Peggy 104, Petrel 104 and Htbernla
105 also ran. \
SauFallto odds— 3 to 1. 2\b to 1 and 2V4 to 1.
Track odds— 3 to 1, 5 to 2 and 5 to 2.
•Favorites.
Second race, two-year-olds, five furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. | Vi- \- Str. Fin.
Donald Bain, 109 Kuhnj 1 15 1113
•Batten, 106 J. Hill! 3 2 2 2
Holland. 106 Conley: 2 3 0 3
Ernesple, 106 Britton| 0 0 3 0
Time, 1:04. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Rorkland 100, King Carnival 112 and Maurice
W 112 also ran.
Saupallto odds— 6 to 1. 1 to 2 and 2V£ to 1.
Track odds— lo to 1. Ito 3 and 3 to 1.
♦Favorite.
Third race, selling, mile and a sixteenth.
•Evaline, 106 (Morrison) 1
Dutch Comedian. 98 (Kuhn) 2
Leaseman, 97 (Gulterrez) 3
Time, 1:61%.
Annie Oldfleld 93. Lord Neville 96. Mordecai
98 and He^er H. Gardner 104 also ran.
Pausalito odds — Even, 3 to 1 and 30 to 1.
Track odds— Even, 3 to 1 and 50 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, selling, six furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. | hi- *i- Str. Fin.
Violet Parsons, 109.. M. Dunn 2 3 2»i 1 1
Miss Bramble, 109. .. .Hughes! 11 In 12 22
Sangamon, 104 J. Hill! 0 0 0 3
Parity, 99 Southard 3 0 3 0
Annie M, 104 Thompson! 0 2 0 0
Time. 1:17%, Won handily. Second and third
driving.
•Ramona II 104. Mlsn Verne 101, Albert Val»
107 and Apple Jack 106 also ran.
Saupalltn odds— l 2to 1. 12 to 1 and 3 to 1.
Track odds— l 2to 1, 12 to 1 and sto 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, twn-year-oldp, five furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. | hi. *4. Str. Fin.
•Pplrituelle. 115 J. Hill 3 2 2 1
Fls Vie, 113 Crowhurst 2 14 14 2
Leclta, 107 Brlttonf 113 3 3
Time, l:03U. Won cleverly. Second and third i
driving
Becky Ban 100. Contravene 103. Dolly Regent
103. Bannie 1"3 anil Sulvarse 107 also ran.
Sansallto odds— l to 3, 4 to 1 and S to 1.
Track odds— 1 to 3. 4 to 1 and 10 to L
•Favorite.
Sixth race, selling, six furlongs.
Name anj Weight. Jockeys. %. %. Str. Fin.
Mariti, 102 Crowhurst! 0 0 0 1
Aunt Maggie. 102 N. Hilli 2 2 2% 2
Ar. turus. 105 ....J. Mathews! 0 0 0 3,
•Elsie Bramble. 102. .Southardi 1111110
Ma Angellne. IC2 ..Thompsonl 3 3 3 0
Time. 1:18. Won cleverly. Second ana third
driving.
Lena Meyers 99. Ray B 101, Miss Ross 101.
Can Gallop 101. El Toro 104. Zufalllg 104 and
Hammon 105 also ran.
Sausallto odds— 6 to 1, 5 to 1 and 12 to 1.
Track odds— 6 to 1. 5 to 1 and 20 to 1.
•Favorite.
NEW YORKS RATTLED
BY THE BALTIMORES
One of Their Men Gets a Broken Nose.
St. Louis Beats and Ties
Cleveland.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet.-! Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Boston 98 45 .6Sr> Philadelphia 71 6 s .611
Baltimore ...92 49 .6.".2 Ptttsburg ...70 73 .459
Cincinnati ..98 58 .60S Louisville ...6"i 78 .435
Chicago 81 fi*> .556 Brooklyn 53 86 .381
Cleveland ..-T7 «2 .564 Washington 59 94 .347
New York. .74 CS .517 St. Louis 38 113 .252
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— Two batsmen hit by
pitched balls, a wild pitch, a base on balls
and a two-bagger scored three runs for Balti
more in the first inning. They got two more
In the fifth on three singles an«l an error, and
one in the sixth on a hit. a sacrifice, a wild
pitch and an error by Gettig. The New Yorks
scored their runs In the second on good hitting,
but errors cut a mighty figure with the taily in
the sixth. Jennings' nose was broken in the
first Inning by a pitched ball. Attendance,
1200. Score:
Clubs— n. H. E.
New York 3 4 3
Baltimore 6 7 3
Batteries— Meekln and Lntlmer; Hughes and
Robinson. Umpire— Andrews.
NEW YORK. Oct. 6- It was a hot game be
tween Brooklyn and Boston to-day. Gr.ston,
the new left-hander, pitched good ball. Lewis
was wild and effective by turns, but the locals
could not hit together. Both sides fielded
brilliantly. Attendance. 1100. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 4 7 3
Boston 7 10 0
Batteries— Gaston and Smith: Lewis and Ber
gen. Umpires— Hunt and Connolly.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. S. — Philadelphia
moved Into the first division to-day by deTeat
lng Washington, while New York lost to Balti
more. Dineen was unsteady In the first Inning,
which, with a little rooky fielding, enabled
the Phillies to score three runs— a lead which
the Senators could not overcome. Attendance,
47< v ). Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia 5 6 1
Washington 2 6 3
Batteries— Flfield and McFarlani: Dlneen
and McOulre. Umpires— Hunt and Smith.
LOUISVILLF. Oct. «.— Tannehill pitched
good hall aad >ip was greatly assisted by Um
pire McDonald, who rendered several close de
cisions against the home team. Attendance,
USD. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
PittsMirg 4 10 0
Louisville 2 9 2
Batteries— Tannehlll and Bowerman: Cun
ninKhnm and Kittrldge. Umpires— Emslle and
McDonald.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. The Brown? played gilt
edged hal against Cleveland to-day, winning
the first and making a draw of the second
same. Both Taylor and Sudhoff pitched bril
liantly. Darkness stopped the second game In
the fifth inning. Attendance, 1500. Score first
game:
Clubs— r. h. K.
Cleveland ................................ 17 ■' +
St. Louis . .....V...... ................ 4 9 .2
' Batteries— Powell and Scheclc; Taylor and
Jlements.
Score second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cleveland 15 1
St. Louis ........:.............. 13 3
' Batteries— Young and Crlger; Suuhoff and
Sugden. Umpires— and Swartwood.
NATIONAL CYCLE RACES.
Owen Kimble Wins the Quarter-Mile
v Championship.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 6.— A small crowd
attended the races given at the Park
Bicycle Club to-day under the auspices
of the National Racing Cyclists' Union.
The most noted cracks in bicycle circles
participated. Summaries:
National championship, quarter-mile — Owen
Kimble won. Major Taylor second, Bald third,
O. Stevens fourth. Time. :33.
One mile, open to riders who have not
scored over 30 points In the national cham
pionship table— H. R. Steenson won, A. C
Moran second. Dr. A. I. Brown third. Time.
2:«.
One mile, handicap — Arthur Gardiner won,
F. A. McKarland second. O. Kimble third.
Time. 1:00 4-".
Bead Explorer yon Brenner's ac
count of his interview with a canni
bal chief in next Sunday's Call.
CDRBETT-McCOY
FIGHT IS OFF
Hawthorne Club With
draws Its Offer.
WEARY OF DILLYDALLYING
LENOX ATHLETIC CLTJB MAY
PUT UP A PUBSE.
Tom O'Rourke Says He Is Coining
to California With Tom Shar
key, Joe Walcott and
Tom Bayard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— The Corbett-
McCoy fight has been declared off.
At a meeting to-day of men interested
in the fight William B. Gray, manager
fnr McCoy, showed a letter he had re
ceived from David Nugent, manager of
the Hawthorne Athletic Club of Buf
falo, in which he stated that owing to
the many complications that had
arisen the club had decided to call the
match off.
Tom O'Rourke of the Lenox Athletic
Club said that he had resigned as man
ager of that club and was going to Cal
ifornia with Tom Sharkey, Joe Wal
cott and Tom Bayard. He said that
McCoy had a grievance against him
and would not fight at the Lenox Club.
O'Rourke said that after he had gone
McCoy might be induced to fight
there.
John Consldine, the Detroit sporting
man, said he was ready to put up a
purse of $20,000 for the fight between
Corbett and McCoy. George Considine,
his brother, shook $5000 in bills in the
air and said he was ready to match
Corbett against anybody in the world.
He asked Gray if McCoy would fight
and Gray said he would have to see
McCoy before making a match.
INGLESIDE COURSING.
Drawing for the Stake to Be Run
Saturday and Sunday.
The Ingleslde Coursing Club held its
weekly drawing last evening at Pythian
Castle for an open stake that will be
competed for next Saturday and Sun
day. There were seventy-two entries.
The drawing resulted as follows:
J. Dean's Brilliantine vs. Captain Clarkson's
Kerry Uow; P. Brophy's Benicia Boy vs=. W.
Mtlaney's Galloway Lass; Lowe & Thompson's
Quickllck vs. J. Quane's Marietta; T. A. Gart
ner's Sir John Arnold vs. A. B. Kennel's
Irma (late Meta); A. Johnson's Tod Sloan vs.
P. J. G. Kenna's Skyball; P. Reltly's Specula
tion vs. John Gagan's May Flower; Deckleman
& Panario's Pet Kerby vs. O'Neil & Han
rahan's Mercury; H. Weber's Montana vs. T. J.
Cronin's Kusle B, A. B. Kennel's Hock Island
Boy vs. S. Hansen"s T. S. Conley; S. A. Por
tal's Laurelwood vs. M. Allen's Miss Alice;
J. Mezenzlnes Bean Pup vs. B. Ford's Bon'.ta;
P. Reilly's Master Mat vs. J. Foley's Atlantic
Boy; P. Brophy's Barry Sullivan vs. London &.
McCullough's Magneto; W. Dalton's Decency
vs. George Finkstedt's Fly; Lynch & Maher's
Dakota vs. Runt .-1 & Wilson's Victor King:
P. F. Tojan's Miss Grizzle vs. James Cox's
Hlßslon Tip; Handy 4 Smith's Victor vs. Joe
Strands Lady Peach; P. A. Gartneys Tor
ralne vs. T. J. McCarthy's Rosebud; Deckleman
& Panario's Royal Oak vs. F. Farming' s Babe
Murphy: Lowe & Thompson's Patrfa vs. Kay
& TranYs Eclipse ; J. I. O'Brien's Statesman vs.
P. Sullivan's Maid of Hill; Larkey & Rock's
Emerald vs. V. Roger's Jack of Spades; H.
Bpring*a Put Malloy vs. Captain Cla.-kson's
Ltd; Jane; F. Moran's Royal Prize vs. O'Neil
& Hanrahan's Promise Me; F. Moran's Flying
Faster vb. Handy & Smith's Dauntless; A.
Johnson's Lissak vs. D. Cronin's Swinnerton;
D. shannon's Foubrette vs. A. Van Den
Burg's American Eagle (late Hobson); J.
Sheehan's Lass o'Gowrle vs. W. G. Meany's
La Jonis; James Burns' Mohawk vs. Jamea
Burns' Nelly B; T. A. Gaffney's Correct vs. F.
Bri *m'« Rosalie; F .Murphy's Gilt Edge vs.
O. H. Holtzhaner's Dora: P. J. G. Kenna's
Royal Buck vs. J. Dean's Mialmo; W. Perry's
Campania vp. J. Murnanse's Mis? Dividend; I.
Frank's Telephone Girl vs. P. Reilly's Colleen;
P O'Donnell's Counterfeit vs. Gibson & Moore's
Monitor: J. I. O'Brien' s Sharkey vs. T. M.
Roger's Olga.
The club has offered a purse that
amounts to $7SO which Is divided as fol
lows: First prize. $110; second prize, $73;
third prize. $55; two prizes of $40, four
prizes of $30, nine prizes of $20 and eigh
teen prizes of $9. Coursing will commence
on Saturday at 12:20 p. m. and Sunday at
3U:30 a. m.
To Dam the Gila.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 6.— With a view to
the construction ota big Government dam
on the Gila river, the Interior Department
has advertised for bids to be opened in the
Geological Survey office here, November
6, for sinking wells and shafts to ascer
tain the depth to bedrock at a place on
the Gila River, in Gila County, Arizona,
known as The Buttes, and also on Queen
Creek, Arizona.
Sir Charles Dilke writes about the
Czar's peace union and the Anglo-
American alliance in next Sunday's
Call.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Gustafra Thorstenson or Thurston to Martin
Thorstenson or Thurston, lot on S line of Jps
| sle street, 170 W from E line of 100-vara lot 3
j <446 West First), W 15 by S 87; gift.
Emll and Flora Boukofsky to Hernard Jacobs,
lot commencing: 83:7 W of Laguna street and
67:5 Sof Post, E 0:1, N 15:3. \\ v:r s , S 15:3.
more or less; $10.
Isaac and Emily Eliaser to William J. Calla
ghan, lot on S line of Hayes street, 131:3 W of
i Fillmore, W 25 by S 137:6; $6500.
Kirk Harris to Katie Wagner, lot on N line
i of Thirteenth street, 194:4Vs W of Scott, N
11:414. \y a, 6 113:5. E 25:11-3: $10.
Evelyn O. and James R. Dwyer to David Da
1 vis. lot commencing 137:6 E of Devisadero
street and 100 S of Hayes. E 25, S 37:6, W 50, N
12:6, E 25. N 25; $10.
Louiee Helbing to Anna Helblng, lot on S line
McAllister street, 100:3 W of Lyon. W 25 by S
137:6; gift.
Mary B. Taylor to Mariane S., wife of Homer
Tourjes, lot on S line of Clay street, 105:4 W of
Cherry. W 30 by S l?7:8Vi: $1650.
Nlcolaue Tweitmann to Maria Tweitmann
(wife), lot on NE line of Tenth street, 100 SB
of Harrison. PE 25 by NE 100; gift.
Thomas M. and Annie P. Hill to Michael J.
and Mary Daly, lot on E line of San Carlos
(Jesrle) street. 135 S of Nineteenth, S 25 by E
75; $10. "
John A. and Annie Thornton to Henry Z.
Jones, lot S line of Twenty-first street. 152:8 W
of Church, W 50:11 by S 114; $10.
--E3tate of John Hogan (by Benjamin Healey,
executor') to Peter J. Petrl. lot on E line of
York street. 32:6 N of Twenty-third, N 37:6 by
E H»; $1700.
Fritz Kaufman. J. Gripp assignee. Margaret
Kaufmann and Frank H. Burke (by F. M.
Thai, commissioner) to J. F. Plagemann. lot
on SE corner of Guerrero and Army streets, E
100 by S 77; also lot on SW corner of Army
street and San Jose avenue, W 100 by S 76:6;
$3:' M.
Rudolph B. Spence to Henry E. Bothln. lot
on P line of Sacramento street, 100 E of Drumm,
E 37:6 by S 45:10: also lot on PW line of First
street. 50 SE of Howard, SE 40 by SW SO; $10.
Alameda County.
P. W. Fonda to Union Savings Bank, lots
13. 14 and 1".. block 30, Map of Oakland Point
Ferry Landing, Oakland, $10.
Louise M. Blen to Marie E. Bonnardel. lot
on NE corner E Fifteenth street. 59 N W of
Elgrhth aye., N\V 26 l.y NE 75, block 71. Clin
ton, East Oakland, $10.
George F. and Arrie F. Larason and Joseph
Nolan by commissioner to Oakland Bank of
Pavings, lots 14 and 15, Perrln Tract, Oak
land Annex. $1118.
Minta anl Niels Lars»n to Horn» Security
Building and Loan Association, lot on NW line
of Piedmont avenue, 321 NE of Moss avenue
NE ".-, by NW 15.", being lot 11. and NE 5" feet
of lot 10. block A, Thermal Hill, formerly the
j Howe Tract. Oakland Annex: $10.
I John P. and Edna F. Beckett to E. G. and
Ivy J. Hunt, lot on N line of Thirty-seventh
street, So E of Market. E 40 by N 14S, being
portion Beckett's second addition to Oakland.
Oakland Annex; $10.
E. B. Pond and H. C. Campbell, trustee for
G. W. and Helen L. Sweetser to San Fran
cisco Savings Union, 557 d. 321, lot
on E line of Lowell street. 45 S of
Tompklns. S 90 by E 120. being lots B
and C. block 2?, resubdlvlslon Smith's sub- '<
division Matthews' Tract. Berkeley; lot on
N line of Effie street. 2." W of Calais. W
N 132:6. being Ir.t 26, block 24, same, Berkeley
trustees' deed. |SM.
Felix and Delflna Marcuse to F. D. and
Minnie L. Smltii. lot on E line of Mozart
street, 175 S of Railroad avenue, 8 37:6 by E
150. Alameda: $3750.
I««iia Madison to Otto Johnson, lot on S
line of Ef fie street, 50 Eof Lowell, ESO by
S 132:8 being lota 3 and 4, block 33, Map of
Reeubdivislon same, Berkeley, $10. " S
Eliza C. Avery to Fidelius P. Avery, lots 3
to 6, block A, Amended Map Christiania
Tract, Berkeley, $200. . _,
J. West and Jane Foote Martin to Henry C
McCabe, lot 31. block 2, Beaver Tract, SI OO.
J. F. and Harriet Davis to Judson M. Davis,
lot 4, block O. Harmon Tract, Berkeley; also
lot 20, block 30, being a resubdlvislon of Smith s
subdivision of portion of Matthews Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Judson M. and Louise S. Davis to Theodore
Wagner, lots 19. 20, 21 and 31, block F, Har
mon Tract. Berkeley; also lot 20,. block 30. be
ing a resubdivislon of Smith's subdivision of
portion of Matthews Tract, Berkeley; 1000 --
Helen I. Coleman to James Camp, lot on SW
line of Haywards avenue at E corner of lands
of Johnson, thence S\V 221.5S feet, NW 125 feet.
NE 173.2S feet, SE 145:30 to beginning, Eden
Township; also lot beginning at NW corner
above described, thence NE 173.25, NW 18, SW
to beginning, Eden Township: $10.
John T. Jones to M. C. Nunan. lot on S line
of Sixth street, 17.". B of Jackson. E 25 by S 100,
block 60, Oakland; $10.
Mutual Investment Union. William H. and
Frances Mackinnon to A. P. and Maria Mat
son, lot on W line of Montecito avenue, where
same is Intersected by N line, subdivision 7,
part A, Bowman Tract, thence S 150 by W
195.60, being portion of subdivision 7. in part
A, Bowman Tract, Oakland Township; $3000.
C W. Tappan to Jessie Tappan, lot on W line
of St. Charles street. 325 S of Railroad avenue.
S 60 by W 173:2, being lot 56. Encinal Park
Tract, Alameda; grant.
Jessie Tarpan to E. B. and Catherine \\ heel
aI James and Fanny Christian to R. H. and
James and Fanny Christian to R. H. and
Mary E Parkison, lot 6 in subdivision 17. Glen
Echo Tract, subject to mortgage for $500, Oak-
Theodore and Ida Wagner to William Clark,
lot 21 and E M, lot 20, block P. Harmon Tract,
Berkeley; $300. i fc'w , : V' :V:: V :
Homestead Loan Association. Berkeley, to
Maria M. Sehlegel. lot on SB corner of Add,,
son and Tenth streets. E 42:6. S 116:8. SW 42:6,
N 116 to beginning, block 101, Tract B, Berke
ley Land and Town Improvement Association.
Berkeley; $10.
J. W Ellsworth (administrator estate James
Vlosca) W. E. Brown and Louis. A. Phillips
(by commissioner) to W. E. Brown, lot on SW
line of Santa Clara avenue. 160 NW of Lafay
ette street. XW 50 by SW 207:6. block la. lands
adjacent to Encinal. Alameda; 55249
Henry B. and Sophie Marlln to John and El-
Bie H. Mortensen, lots 4 and 5. Xielson Tract,
Map 1, Eden Township; $1647.
Caroline M. Bacon to San Francisco Savings
Union, surrender of COS d 133.' lots 1 to 7, block
A: lots 1 to 8 and 20, block E; lot 3. block I :
lots 6. 8, 9. 10 and 11. block G. Clinton Mound
Tract. East Oakland; — . "
R. H. and Man." E. Parkison to Lucy A.
Adams, lot 6 on Map of subdivision 1«. Glen
Echo Tract, Oakland Annex: $10.
Edwin R. Rowland to Jennett Rowland, lot
on E line of Telegraph avenue, 116.50 S Of Clif
ton street. E 232.16. to center Temescal Creek;
thence. S 50:10. W 252.87, N 50, to beginning, lot
16, block H, Vernon Park Tract, Oakland An
nex; $10.
Citizens' Building and Loan Association to
Addle A. S. Fallon, lot on S line of Bonton
avenue, 110 E of Tenth street, E 50. S 133.45,
W 50, N 133.25, to beginning, lot 7. block D,
Klinknervllle Tract, Oakland Annex; $10.
Clark Simons to Adela J. Miller, lot 60, Fruit
vale and San Leandro Road Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $300.
Alvlldia J. and George Rough to Ellen O.
Hendy (wife of G. W.), lots 19 and 20, block B,
Fitch Tract, Alameda; $5.
Builders' Contracts.
St. Luke's Church owners, Walker Bros. 1 Co.
contractors"^ with Gullfoy Cornice Works sub
contractors, architect Albert Button, galvanized
Iron, slate, gutter and down spout work, lead
roofing and galvanized iron work to terra cotta
flue for a brick and stone church edifice, on
SE corner of Van Ness avenue and Clay street;
$IS3B.
Leonhardt & Hagerty owners, with A. J.
Forbes & Son contractors, architect Frank S.
Van Trees, carpenter and mill work, metal
work, hardware electric work, including wiring
an.l fixtures, electric bells and annunciators,
polishing and finishing, on twelve private rooms
in main dining room of Pabst Cafe, on NE cor
ner of Powell and Ellis streets: $3275. • V
Jospeh Henry owner, with J. V. Hull contrac
tor, architects Copeland & Pierce, all work for
a three-story frame building with rough base
ment (flats), on S line of Olive avenue, 109 E of
Van Ness avenue. E 27 by S 120: $2250.
~_«
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, October 6.
Stumer Mlneoia, David, 97 hours from Ta
coma.
Schooner Kettle Low, 6 hours from Point
! Reyes.
Steamer Hansen, 14 hours from Mendoclno.
Steamer Gipsy, Glelow. from Santa Cruz.
SAILED.
Thursday, October 6.
Steamer Noyo, Lundquist
Steamer Alameda. Yon Oterendorf. Sydney,
via Honolulu.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Sailed Oct 6-Stmr Augruste i
■ Victoria, for Hamburg; stmr Nomadic, for Llv- ;
i erpool; ptmr Scythla, for Liverpool; slir.r M II '
Meier, for Bremen.
GENO A— Sailed Sept 6— Stmr Werra, for New
York.
NAPLES— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Ems, for New
York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Bel
genlanJ. for Now Yurk.
'TEKNSTOWN— SaiIed Oct 6— Stm Germanic
for New York.
HAMBURG— Arrived Oct 6.— Stmr Palatia,
from New York.
Sailed Oct 6 — Stmr Fuerst Bismarck, for New
York.
ROTTERDAM— PaIIed Oct 6— Stmr Spaarn
dam, for New York.
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
557 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
I*4l Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
MM Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second an* Kentucky
strpets; open until i> o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
BIBLE lectures Sunday afternoons at 3 o'clock j
at the hall, 25 Tenth St., near Market," San j
Francisco: addresses on "The Lord's Com- j
ing," Illustrated with a large chart; at the ]
hall. 418 Eighth st.. near Broadway. Oak-
land, every evening except Monday and Satur-
day at 7:45 o'clock. DAVID LITTLE, Evan-
, gelist. Come; bring your Bible.. - .
~ MEETING NOTICES.
YERBA BUENA Lodge of Perfection
No. I— Stated meeting THIS (FRI-
— DAY) EVENING. October 7, at 8 St
o'clock. ivy
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary. <££s?
REGULAR meeting of the Caledo v C 7 >^,
nian Club THIS EVENING. atAt«sJ
8 o'clock. Scottish Hall, 111 Larkir tk-Tvj? ;
st. JOHN REID. Chief. '*c^»
JAMES H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
NOTICE — The- annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Bank of California will be held
at the banking house In this city on TUES-
DAY, October 11. IS9B. at 11 o'clock a. m.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
San Francisco. September 29. ISPS.
SPECIAL notices.
WILL build 4-room cottage and furnish lot for
$950 on installments; street work done; side- j
walk. GEO. M. SALSBURY, builder. 521 X !
St., Sunset district.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. room 6: tel. 5550.
DR. MACLENNAN cures " where medical art
falls or no fee; free diagnosis. 100 Haight st.
SITUATIONS WAXTED-FEMALK.
DANISH cook and second girl, sisters, Just
from Xc v York. Eastern references, want
place in an American family together. For
lull particulars call or address C. R. HAX-
SEN & CO., 104 Gea-- -• Phone Grant 185. ■
STRICTLY, first-class Jewish family cook,' very
b«*st of. city references. J3O to $40, wants situ-
ation. 'Call or address C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. Phone Grant ISS.
COMPETENT American girl with two years'
references: also Swedish girl with 15 months'
reference, desire situations to do cooking and
housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ler st. -
COMPETENT chamberrr - » and laundress re-
siding with mother would like work by the
dary where she can go home evenings. Please
call or address for three days, 2611 Clay st.,
near Stelner.; . . ' -..;--.— ■,
WANTED— By competent woman, work by the
day. any kind of housework: good laundress;
$1 10 per day. MRS. M., IKS Market st.,
opp. Tenth. .
WANTED— By middle-aged woman, position to
do light housework; city or country. Address
M. c ., 522 Stockton st. .
HOUSEWORK ' by ' young respectable woman
with a baby: a good home; wages no object.
■619 Stevenson st. " . . , - -
GERMAN girl wishes position In small Ameri- :
. can family, for general housework. . Call af-
ter 10 a. m.. ■ 6«1 Minna st. .
SITUATION wanted by -. girl to take care or
! baby: wages $12 to $15. Call or address 632 ,
Elizabeth st. "'I
POSITION for second work and sewing: good
reference. Call or address MIPS REVALEON'
JP l^ Eighth st. *'
YOUNG woman as dlsi. — isher or to assist in
kitchen..; Address box 856. Call office.- ■ ■'■
COMPETENT j German .woman wishes work by
■.f. the ; day, $1 per, day and . car fare. 1 132 Sixth.'
ELDERLY Scotch j woman j wishes -to do light
\ housework: good cook on ranch. v 136 Fifth st
• near Howard. - , v 3U '
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.?
WANTED— By lady plain sewing and light
housework in exchange for board and room
207 Eddy St., room 6. v '-■;••
YOUNG girl desires position for general house-
work and cooking. 677 McAllister st.
WOMAN wishes work by day. Call at 787*4
Natoma st., between Eighth and Ninth.
GIRL wishes a position as housework or up'
stairs work; no objection to children; good
references. Call at 315 Hyde St.; wages $15.
RELIABLE cook will do housework in small
family; city or across the bay. 2124 Howard.
WOMAN, good business manager and house-
keeper, good German cook, wishes position in
road house, country h< ••' or mining camp;
understands tending bar; city references. A.
A., box 1499, Call office.
REFINED young woman wishes situation as
child's nurse or companion for elderly lad y
wages $25. Call or send postal to 1330 Ala-
bama St.. near Twenty-fifth.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter wishes posl-
tion; 3' 2 years' experience; references. Call
or address L. 8., 1001 Page st., city.
YOUNG woman wishes position to do general
housework; Is first-class cook; wages $25.
Please call at SSI Howard st.
COMPETENT housekeeper wants situation In
widower's family or hotel; 2' 2 years in
last place. Call or address 3 days 506 A Turk.
WANTED— by the day or men's wash-
ing. Call 127 Turk St., in rear.
TWO refined young girls desire situations In
country residence. Address box 1166. Call.
WOMAN, first-class housekeeper, good German
cook, wishes position; city references. Address
box 864. Call office. - ■■■-■■> --->•
BY an Eastern woman, a situation as house-
keeper, chambermaid or cook in mining town.
Address box 860, Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes situation In small fam-
ily to do general housework and cooking. 1
Sumner St., bet. 7th and Sth, off Howard.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing and
ironing; first-class laundress. Address 349V4
Minna St.. room 1.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taker..
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency: all kind*
help. GEO # AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 66.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help:
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay St.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
A MAN who is not as swift as some people,
but steady and true, desires a position in a.
private family, club, etc., in any capacity;
is entirely respectable and trustworthy. Ad-
dress box 1476. Call office.
RELIABLE, steady, middle-aged German
wishes situation as coachman and gardener,
careful driver; good references; city or coun-
try. Address D., box 4, Call office, Oakland.
RELIABLE, steady German, with four years'
experience In grocery business, wishes posi-
tion; best references. Address CHAS. LAIN-
GER, 621 California st.
__———-— f .
MAN used to carpenter's bench and other
work, wants steady job; suit an Institution,
■ business place, ranch or undertaker. HAN-
DY, 812 Kearny st.
ENGINEER— German, competent and
steady, wishes position as engineer, assist-
ant or In boiler room. Address Engineer, 23
Sacramento et.
SITUATION wanted by a strong boy willing
to do anything; city or country; best refer-
ences. Box 857, Call office. .
WANTED— Situation by a young man who can
milk etc. will work for Email wages. Box
1475. Call office. .
WANTED— By a sober, steady man, a position
as kitchen hand, dishwasher or man about
place. 544 First st.
ENGINEER with good — 'erences wants em-
ployment. M.. box 84S, Call office.
JAPANESE neat school boy wants situation In
nice family; speaks English. Box 1470. Call.
WANTED— Position as foreman on ranch by
responsible man 34 years old: has been fore-
man on large grain and stock ranch for past
7 years; can furnish Al references as to abil-
ity, character, etc. Box 819. Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS young German wants work In
warehouse', janitor, porter or ■watchman; also
good gardener; can give reference or secur-
; ity. Box 1492. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS gardener, middle-aged German
and married, desires position in a private
place; references first-class only. Address H.
■ R., San Rafael, P. O.
,' .YOUNG- man wahts~n*rirr__vK>Ti-«_>-sv;><»— , k_»
I good reference; Industrious and willing. Box
14S0. Call office. .
JAPANESE, competent, speaking good Eng-
lish, wants any kind of night work. Address
box 841. Call office.
GOOD reliable man desires situation as hotel
butcher and assistant cook. 52 Second st.
RELIABLE. steady, middle-aged German
wishes . situation as coachman and gardener,
I careful driver; good references: city or coun-
try. Address D., box 4, Call office. Oakland.
BOOKKEEPER, 30. desires engagement; thor-
ough knowledge of single and double entry;
highest references. Box 1176, Call office.
POSITION driving team of not less than 4 and
not more than 10. or take charge of ranch.
Box 869. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS German saloon porter wants
place as porter or lunchman. Please send ad-
dress 313 Fourth St., room 63.
EXPERIENCED family cook (Chinese) wishes
position. SAM, 744 Sacramento St.
ENGINEER— Young German, competent and
steady, wishes position as engineer, assistant
or In boiler room; wages moderate. Box 761
Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to Si
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— KEMALE.
COOK, Berkeley, $30; Menlo Park, $30- house-
girl. ciijr. $25; two houseglrls, $20 each-
nursegirl. $10; young girl- to assist waiting'
$10; girl to assist housework. $12: middle-aged
woman, $20, country. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st. - j i
COOK. Mayfleld. $2', 3 in family.' MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
MOTHER and daughter, $30; ranch. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED German second . rlrl and seam-
stress, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FRENCH second girl, $25. MISS CULLEN*
325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook. $25: second girl, same house
■ country, $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
REFINED middle-aged woman, country
$10; fare paid. MISS CULLEN 325 Sutter.
COOK. Modesto. $20, fare paid, good place
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
GIRL light housework. $15. MISS CULLEX.
325 Putter st.
HOUSEWORK girl. Winters. $15. MISS CUL-
LEX. 323 Sutter st.
REFINED German governess and sew $25
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. " •
LAUNDRESS, country, $25. MISS CULLEN*
325 Sutter St. "
COOK for Institution, city, call early. $30- cook
small hotel, country. $30; 4 waitresses, city
and country. $20; chambermaid to wait. $ I> o
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FAMILY cook, ] $40; German cook. $25- 10
houseerirls for city, $20 and $25; 25 house-
girls for $12 to $20; nursegirl. car* one baby
$10. C. R. • HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st?
SECOND girl, country, $25; 5 cooks in Amerl-
can and German families, $25 and $30; nurse
for infant, etc.. $25; French second girl. $25*
2 boarding-house cooks. $25 and $30; 5 wait-
resses and chambermaids. $29, $5 ' and $3
week, and girls for cooking and housework
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st. •
WANTED— on flannel overshlrta- a.
few Inexperienced hands taken and taught
LEV] STRAUSS & CO., 36% Fremont st.
NEAT young woman for : general housework
in small family: wages $15. Call after 10-SO
a. in. at 817 Page st. - -
REFINED lady to canvass a new business*
good pay. 700 Shot well st. '
LADY to solicit for printing; good Commls-
slon. Address 125 Jackson st. ■■■ ™nmis-
GERMAN or Swedish girl for general house-
work. Call 2706 Sacramento st. «mse-
ANTED— A neat young waitress at 513 U.
, Jones st. ' •;-■. , • »*»>»
NEAT girl for down stairs work- must b* * •
good cook; references. 1130 O'Farrell st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; position*
free: patterns. 25c up. McDowell' g, 102 "post?
YOUNG girl wanted by small Jewish - famllv
: sleep home: 814 California st. -;.:" lamtiy,
WOMAN for right housework; small w» M ..
good home. 514 Fourteenth st., Oakland
FIRST-CLASS finishes and also apprentices on
1 custom coats. 51S Market st., upstairs. !
.^321 NTN Tu E rkl? lrl ft* housaw and cooking: -
° gOBB^ Wanted ° n - oVeralls - » B *«err
VJF 1 !fl want «i b^ refined ; compe-
tent girl : good seamstress. - ; Box 727. Call.
«BEL. WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— Good lady barber; work for wages: !
also young girl to learn the trade. Address :
755 Mission St.
YOUNG, energetic, capable women to take or- i
ders for custom shirts in city. Box 870, Call.
STRONG young girl to help in kitchen. 1506
Kentucky St.. near Twenty-second.
YOUNG girl for light housework; also good
cook wanted. 1078Vs Market st.
GOOD hair worker and ventilator. 240 Stock-
ton St.. near Post. MME. FAUST.
LEARN sewing at KEISTERS: pood positions;
patterns 10c up. 118 McAllister st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
FOR Alaska, Skaguay Railroad •
600 laborers and rockmen wanted at 30c an
hour. Mr. John Stanley. Mayor of Skaguay.
will be at our office this forenoon to inform
those who intend going regarding all partic- ;
ulars. C. R. HA.nskn A ______ 104 Geary st.
TO the front ~ T. Coast Road
8 4-horTe teamsters. $2 day; M _2_horse team- :
eters, free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 .
Geary st. |
IS QUARRYMEN for a marble quarry. $2 a
day- steady Job: two-thirds fare free. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WHEELWRIGHT for a camp, *40 and board;
blacksmith's helper who can shoe for a. ranch.
S3S and board; blacksmith who can do wood
SorkT hotel Job. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Gear] st. >
1 TIMBER fellers, $40 and found. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
( LABORERS for a mill in the woods, $26 and
board- steady work; no objection to men with
families; see boss here: fare advanced. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WOODCHOPPER. $1 25 a cord; 2 tlemakere.
lie choreman, $25; 4 farmers. $20: vegetable
gardener, $22. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 !
Geary st.
3 TEAMSTERS, long Job. $25 a month. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
YOI'XO American, between 18 and 23, for office
work in wholesale house; must be good at i
figures and penman; $30 to $50 and Increase;
bond and reference required. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
TO build and excavate for a large reservoir 8 i
laborers, near city, $16 and board; 2 scraper
loaders, $1 a day and board. C. R. HANSEN |
& CO . 104 Geary st.
FARMER and wife, see party here, $35. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. i
WAITER country restaurant. $30; waiter, |
plain hotel, city, $25: kitchen hands, vege-
table cleaner, etc. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. |
104 Geary et. j
IRONER and polisher, hotel laundry, $80. C. j
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
$25—3 CABIN boys for a steamer. Call early.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
TO Sawmills and Woods half fare paid .
25 laborers, no experience required, excep-
tional good Place. MURRAY & READY, 634-
636 Clay st.
TWENTY farm hands, $25. $20 and $15 and i
found: 3 choremen. 115 and found; 2 milkers
$2S and found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st.
...IN SAN FRANCISCO
'26 teamsters.. sl 75, $1 60 day and $26 and found
13 laborers $1 75 day and $1 60 day
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BLACKSMITH for sawmill. $45 and found: car-
penter for a ranch. $26 and found; machinist.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st. /
THREE stablemen, city and country $25 and
$20 and found. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 |
Clay &t. i
GOLD mines, 10 laborers, $2 day. MURRAY !
& READY, 634-636 Clay st.
.. ..TOOLS AND FOOD FURNISHED
ISS woodchoppers, $2 60, $2, $1 50 and 90c cord, i
different places in California; 55 tlemakers, 9c, |
10c and lie each: 56 post makers, $1 25 cord, j
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay et. |
COAST RAILROAD j
10 teamsters, free fare, $1 75 day; 6 slopers, i
free fare. $1 75 day. MURRAY & READY, j
634-636 Clay st. j
FIFTEEN waiters, $30. $25, $20 and found, for I
different places in California: 7 cooks, $50, $45, |
$30 and found; 4 dishwashers, $25, $20 and
$15 and found; typewriter and assist on books,
country; barber, country. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED— Stableman, $20 and found; man
about place $25 and found: choreman who
can run incubator. $25; 50 laborers for city
and country, $1 "5 day; dry gravel niters. $40
and board; farmer, $20; handy man about
machinery for mine, $2 day; 5 teamsters. $1 60
day: carpenter. $2 50 day, and others. Ap- j
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 63S Sacra- i
rr.»:ito «t -- ■■ ; . ■ j
WANTED— Cook and wife, private boarding j
house, $45; second porter, $20; restaurant cook, \
$10 week; hotel and boarding house waiters, j
$26 kitchen men; choreman about hotel; dish-
washers and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
A; CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
MAN and wife In boarding house to do cook-
Ing and second work, $45. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Cobbler for institution near city, :
$15 and found: 20 more laborers for city and
near city, $1 75 per day; man handy with
tools on ranch, $28, good, steady Job; dish-
washer, $15 to $17 60 and found ; ranch team- i
ster, near city, $20 and $26; farmers, cooks j
and others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 62« Clay. j
10 LABORERS for mills and woods, $26, all !
winter's Jobs: 4 farmers, $20: 2 waiters. $25;
25 laborers for city and country, $30; wood-
choppers, timber fellers, $40. R. T. WARD
_ CO.. 60S-610 Clay st.
WANTED— Second cook, $60; night cook, $10 a
week; night waiter, $40; 'waiter, $25; dish-
washer, $25; butler, $40; oysterman, $35; man
on a ranch, $1 a day; ironer, $35, etc. AN-
DRE'S. 316 Stockton et.
AN old man do chores, country, $10 to $15 per
month and found. MISS CULLELN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
SHORT order cook. $55, steamboat. MISS CUL-
LEN. 326 Sutter St.
AN old man wanted for the country: light
work; $10. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
SECOND cook, country hotel. $40. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kearny st. -; ■.;■■_
WANTED— A good retail salesman, familiar
with the grocery, tea or crockery trade; a '
good man can secure permanent position: give
reference as to competency and character:
state salary expected; none without expe-
rience in any of the above lines need answer. j
Box 545. Call office.
MAN to sweep In lodging house, room, board I
and laundry; no wages. Alpha House, 5
Market st.
BARBER wanted to buy shop. Inquire 227%
Second st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. Corner j
Octavia and Union sts. ; wages . i
ADVERTISING solicitor with city experience;
references. Address 8. F. H., box S4O, Call.
EXPERIENCED men tailors on ladles' suits.
M J. KELLER CO.. Oakland.
WANTED— Competent paper bag maker. Ap-
ply 125 Jackson st.
FIRST-CLASS ladles tailors. A. KAHN, 142
Geary st.
MORRIS GRASS— he call at 500 Haight
street?
GORDON presa feeders wanted. BROWN &
BLEY CO., 23 Stevenson, st. |
BOY to do general work In notion store. Ad-
dress P. 8.. box 1475, Cal office. I
YOUNG man to wash dishes. Apply 1436 Turk j
St.; $15 per month and room.
GOOD barber wanted ; steady. HI Third st.
WAITER wanted at 626 Sacramento st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied, >
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
80 years, who are citizens of tti« United \
States, or those who have legally declared j
their intention to become such; must be of ;
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and bt between 5
feet £ Inches and 6 feet In height. For further ■
Information apply at the recruiting office. 21 j
Ellis at.. Ban Francisco, Cal. ..--A,.* I
WANTED— Strong, reliable, clean boy to make i
himself generally useful In dining-room at I
RUEDIGER & LOESCHS bakery, 107 Larkln.
SAILORS wanted— bushelmen; good wages. |
2520 Greenwich st., near Presidio. I
IRBT-CLABS finisher* on custom coats; j
steady work. 106 Battery st. _^ I
[JOY to carry parcels In downtown store; $3 per
week. p. J., box 1489, Call office. i
'—Plasterers to stay away from San i
Francisco as there are plenty of men and
are on strike. (
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1154.
5 LABORERS, 8 teamsters, $1 per day; board j
and room. Sixteenth and Railroad ayes.
HALF-TONE photo engraver for a desirable j
situation. Proprietor, 1304 Franklin, Oakland. I
WANTED— good tailors on coats at once. :
Apply 2519 Greenwich st. • . j
MAN wanted to do porter work. 84 Ellis st. i
MEN'S second-hand shoes, some nearly new;
25c to $1. 662 Mission st., bet. First & Second. ,
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 160 large
rooms; 2Sc per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or '
trade guaranteed $15. 1642 Market st.
AMATEUR musicians for social purpose. 811 •
Bush 8 1., office No. 4, third floor.
■ .". : ' ■ " '' '■.
HELP TV ANTED— Continued.
WANTED— Bunch breaker with knowledge of
rolling cigars; also stripper. P. C. BLICK,
2766 Twenty-second st., near Bryant.
JEWELERS— Bush Et., office No. 4, third
floor. :
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's I
soleing, 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employment Office. S. |
FUCHB, Sec, 825 Grant aye.; tel Grant 136.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San !
Francisco Barber College, 13SI. Eighth st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy ,
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st. ;
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st.. below Sixth.
for a room; gSc a night; $1 a week.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast, j
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart. ,
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Linden House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third ft., near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c night: reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS "WANTED.
AGENTS for only official "Hletory of Our War
With Spain— Causes. Incidents and Results,
Civil. Military. Naval. Steel plates, maps,'
engravings. By Hon. Henry B. RU-Sell. ben.
Proctor (Vt.) and Sen. Thurston ( .Nebr )
Greatest seller ever known. 1000 more agents
wanted. We pay freight, give credit. Write
for terms and territory to sole publishers.
WORTHINGTON & CO.. .Hartford. Conn. ■
QUICK— and the Philippine Islands il-
lustrated by eighty elegant views 10x14 Inches:
the only one publish?'!: ..end 800 for elegant ;
outfit. ' THE J. DEWING CO.. Flood bldg.
A-$lO PER day made by selling ''History of
Our War With Spain," and other articles
of merit Call at COMMERCIAL ADVER-
TISING CO., 632 Market ?t. ; room S.
WANTED Canvassers in every Pacific Coast
city. NATIONAL NOVELTY CO.. 1139 Mission.
WRM T I K l5 WANTED.
CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer-
chandise- *old on commission: reasonable E.
COHN, auctioneer. 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
__ baUM buys furniture and general mer-
ehandi>. 1057 Market st.: t<-l. Jessie 32.
lOUSES WANTED.
FAMILY wishes to purchase a house of 6 or
7 rooms, north of Market St., above Powell.
Address box 813. Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Remington typewriter. No. 6 or 7, [
in fine condition; cash; state price. Box 852. I
Call office. |
WANTED— Whitehall boat; state condition and :
price. Box 1171. Call.
A LOT of old windows; any size; must be
cheap. Address box 1494, Call office. j
WRITING desk in good condition, with book- i
case attached. Box 651. Call office. I
CLOTHING, bric-a-brac, books, periodicals
bought. Send for KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and maglo lantern app»-
ratus second-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec- |
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost, ;
stolen or buried property: locates treasures, :
minerals; tells your entire life while in a per-
fect trance; perfect satisfaction guaranteed !
by mall. Send stamp for circular with spe- '■
cial terms. MRS. DR. IT. CLARK, rooms 25
and £6, 1206 Market St.. opp. Sixth.
MISS DWYER. the distinguished clairvoyant
medium, graduated under the highest profes-
sors of occultism; all wishing to know their i
future consult her immediately; poor people
half fee; by mall, $1; diagnoses all diseases.
426 Post st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 10.
MME. SYBIL-—, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission. j
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
Her, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
~ SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium, ;
life reader, medical clairvoyant, diseases cured i
with revealed remedies: cancer cured without I
pain: sittings $1: diagnosis free. 232 Stockton j
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance; i
Bp. m. : 25 cents. 409 Leavenworth st. •-•-■ I
B. M. RAIFORD, spiritual medium, 152 Tenth j
st. ; forceful factß. |
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st. -
MRS ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st. ; read-
lngs. tl: clr. Tu°s .. Ft!., 2p. m.: "on 8: 25c.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
ATRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; indi-
vidual instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy. penmanship. English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low rates
per week and month.
PRIVATE school and klndegarten in Mis-
sion, well established, for sale. Box 14S8,
Call office.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry, Ph. B.. Fel-
low In Mathematics, U. C, 7407 S. Atherton.
nr. Channlng way. Berkeley; wrltefor circular.
ENGINEERING School— Civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.;
eat. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
MARHESI'S vocal studio, 811 Leavenworth st.,
near Butter; $1 an hour; also piano.
MME. ANNIS MONTAGUE TURNER, vocal
instructions; correct.natural method. t)3oUush.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrs experience. Press Club bldg., 123 Ellis.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3&41 24th at.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
classes; prl. tuition. Mrs.' Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
HOUSES.
60 HORSEB of every description at Emporium
Savoyards, 220 Valencia St., between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth: also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.. at your own price; come and
make an offer. - "
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction Bales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN* & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JUST arrived— carloads work, draft and driv-
ing horses. Occidental Sale Yards. Howard.
LARGE assortment of work, draught and
driving horses, cheap. 145 Valencia st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SECOND-HAND % side bar, rubber tire.^ball-
bearing axle buggy and two-passenger Chi-
cago cart. Golden Gate aye. and Polk.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lle-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkin. opp. City Hall.
"~ , , LOST. ~
LACE handkerchief on Halght or Fillmore st.
cars, or Bush, between Flllmore and Polk:
reward $2 50. Peters' Grocery, Haight and
Scott sts.
AN ostrich feather boa, on Bush or Sutter sts.
Return to 901 Powell st. and receive reward.
LOST— A liver and white pointer bitch seven
months old. Return 34.10 Mission at.; re-
ceive reward.
CERTIFICATE No. 234 for 10 shares of the San
Francisco and San Joaquln Valley Railroad,
Issued to A. G. RUSS, has been lost and a
reward of $10 is hereby offered for delivering !
the same to A. G. RUSS. 201 Montgomery st. ;
BICYCLES.
LADIES' and Gents' '98 wheel "White" make-
used three weeks': no reasonable offer refused, i
Bo- 1471. Call office.
SECOND-HAND bicycles, from $9 up; new |
1887 high grade $100 bicycles for $29; new :
tires. $2; new pedals, $1 25 a pair; repairing. ;
JOSEPH HOLLE. 2Qth and Folsom sts.
~ SEWING machines.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White i
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st. j
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone. Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
_______ STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving i Co..
.office Tenth and Market: telephone South US.
__ - PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
120« Market; dleases of -vomen '.-.;• specialty.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 7, IS9B.
BcSIKESS CHANCES.
X— S7OO— CORNER grocery and bar; 4 living
rooms; rent $27 50: one block south of Market;
average daily receipts 16; 2 barrels whisky in
stock. Particulars, WILKE & UNFL'U, 906
Market St.
A— s4o0 — SALOON in lively country town, do-
ing a good business; horse and cart; beat
location, close to railroad depot; rent $20.
Particulars WILKE >_ UNFUG, 1.06 Market.
A— »4so; BRANCH bakery and stationery store
on Market St., with 5 living rooms; low rent;
established years and clearing about $60 yer
month; a splendid offer. Call WILKE &
UNFUG, 900 Market et.
■CORN—.R saloon with club room; rent
$30. best location; surrounded by planing
mills and factories: a splendid offer. Par-
ticulars. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A— LIST ynur store^ "rorerty
Or business place with
V.' KE & UNFUG, 900 Market st.
The old estab. and reliable Business Acrents.
A— $2000— PARTNER; light mfg. business; $100
ier mo. salary; exchange for good lodging-
house of equal value. KREDO & CO., 22>*
Geary st.
A— S26O— HOTEL and bar; water front; 17 fur-
nished rooms; clears $100. KREDO & CO.,
22 1 -, Geary st.
A— SI7OO— ROAD house; elegantly fitted up; fine
bar; receiptß $1500 monthly. KREDO & CO.
$2000— PARTNER; light mfg. business; SlOO per
mo. salary; exchange for good lodging house
of equal value. KREDO & CO., Itt_ Geary.
A— s&o hotel and bar, water front, 17 fur-
nished rooms; clears $100. KREDO & CO..
22U, Geary st.
A— SIIOO— DRUG store: fine corner; $20 dally;
stock will invoice $1500. KREDO & CO.
A— sl7oo; ROAD house; elegantly fitted up; fine
bar; receipts $1500 monthly. KREDO & CO.
$650— OLD-KSTABLISHED bakery; receipts $50
a day; fine horse and wagon; 3 living rooms;
cheap rent; retiring from business; a bar-
gain. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
WE hava buyers for any legitimate business;
parties wishing to sell give us a call; coun-
try correspondence solicited. National Agency,
7 Grant aye.
$450— BRANCH bakery, stationery and variety
store; near school; receipts $350 month; 4
rooms; bargain. National Agency, 7 Grant ay.
$250— PARTNER wanted In old established of-
fice business: will clear $75 month to each.
National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
|S2S BRANCH bakery and dairy produce
store. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
$250 — SALOON: good location; good business.
Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
CORNER saloon; a bargain if sold this week.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market st.
$150 — CIGAR stand; bargin this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market' st.
$250— SALOON; 3 blocks Call building; long es-
tablished; sickness sole cause sale; a bar-
gain. JONES & SEARLL, 865 Market et.
$225— COALYARD; 1 block from Market St.;
horse, 2 wagons, stock; doing good business.
JONES A BBARLL. MS Market st.
$2000— MANUFACTURING household articles
(patented); $600 worth of stock; will sell on
sight: profits unlimited: selling on account
of death. National Exchange, 7 Grant aye.
FOR loan of $100 on good security, will teach
any one something pertaining to whisky with
which they can make big money; full investi-
gation given. Box 1479, Call office.
GOOD location for butcher shop; 2 rms.; rent
reas. 290 3d aye., cor. Clement; Sutro cars.
OIL route; best in city; make offer; any price;
other business. 443 Dupont St.; afternoon.
FIRST-CLASS barber shop near city. Apply
DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis St.
BRANCH restaurant for sale. 2578 Sixteenth
street.
OYSTER house and restaurant; very best lo-
cation. Apply Call office.
I AM in posseesion of a composition for the
preparation for a cure of yel! w fever, mala-
ria and cholera nostra; it i< proven by the
ablest physicians; huve a pa *nt 'if same at
Washington, V. C, June 7. IoS9. of 32 years;
price, $25,000. Box 1482, Call office^
CASH grocery— Fine business corner, cor. Del-
mas aye. and San Salvador St.. San Jose; lot
137:2x45: new house, including store, 3 rooms,
horse and wagon; electric light on corner;
sewer finished; street car on Delmas aye.;
worth $3000; will sell for $2500. Apply at store.
GROCERY and saloon for sale; first-class stock
groceries, liquors, etc. : NE. corner Oak and
Scott sts. For Information apply at prem-
ises or to CURTIN & DEALS, room 24, third
floor, Mills building; lease 2 to 5 years.
TO Let— A well established bakery in San Ra-
fael on the principal street; also a corner
6tore suitable for grocery. For further par-
ticulars apply R. M AGNES. San Rafael. Cal.
BUTCHER fhi.p for sale; doing good busi-
ness; other business cause of selling; must be
sold; 2 days only. Box 834, Call office.
FOR Sale— Business paying $150 net profit per
month; fullest Investigation and trial invited.
Address box 858, Call offlc^
QUARTZ ledge; good proposition; no humbug.
;; im 414, Examiner building.
$300— PARTNER In established businesp: hlg
profits; value In sight. Box 1491. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS saloon. Inquire Wieland Brew-
ery. Sei-ond st.. near Folsom.
FINE bakery to let. 712 Valencia st.
FOR sale -Hnlf interest in a 15c first-class 4-
chair barber shop. BM Washington, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASH saloon: one block from the Bald-
win Hotel. Full particulars by application to
Hayes Valley brewery, 612 Grove St.
FOR sale — Good paying carriage shop, with all
tools- good location; old-established. Particu-
lars call 329 Golden Gate aye.. 12 to 1.
BUNNY store, bar; 3 rooms: brick basement;
fixtures complete; cheap. NE. cor. Dolores
and Fifteenth sts.
FOR sale— Barber shop, with baths attached,
in lively country town. Address 122 Third St.,
San Francisco.
$650— AN old established market on principal
business street; good reason for selling. Box
117S, Call office.
PAYING liquor store north Market st. for sale
or partner. NATHAN LEVY. 265 Third St.
FOR SALE — Cheap: the Silver Dollar saloon,
312 Sansome st. ; must be sold.
FOR sale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
HEADQUARTERS for solicitors on coffee, tea,
spices, etc.; supplied as wanted; cheapest
prices. 107-103 Beale st.
LODGING HOUSES FOX SALES.
A— BIG bargain; must be sold at onco; 8
rooms; new furniture; given away for $300
only. F. C. HYDE & CO., 1206 Market st.
A — 32-ROOM house; best transient house
in city; 2 entrances; a bargain
48 rooms; north of Market St.: fine $1200
14 rooms; near Call building; new , ."25
31 rooms; select; transient; corner 1350
15 rooms; rent $60 4."0
22 rooms; north of Market; clears $125 1150
13 rooms; all new furniture 675
IF YOU WILL CALL ON US
WE "WILL SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION,
PRICE AND SIZE OF HOUSE
F. C. HYDE & CO., 1206 Market st.
55-ROOM HOUSE; CALL FOR PRICE.
THE OWNER HAS ALMOST CONCLUDED
TO GIVE IT AWAY.
18-room house on Sixth at 500
25 rooms; sunny corner 1100
15-room house; clears $100 500
21-room house: central; clears $150 500
32-room house; best In city 1000
12-room house; worth $800 300
15-room house; on Sutter st 450
24-room house; clears Slfifl 1400
20-room house; worth $1000 400
50 other houses, from 3 to 200 rooms. AH prices
Money to loan on any house
ABSTRACTS FURNISHED SHOWING
CLEAR TITLE WITH EVERY HOUSE I
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A-KREDO & CO ..22V4 Geary st.
M,>ney advanced on all houses.
7 rooms; Turk at.; all rented ....... $275
11 rooms; new and elegant; O Farrell St.. 500
12 rooms; Ellis St.; clears $40 500
16 rooms; Third St.; rent only $30 275
22 rooms; dining-room; corner 1700
A— s6oo; 23~rooms; monthly receipts $115; rent
$45; good furniture. KREDO&CO.. 22^ Geary.
A— s6oo^ 87 rooms: centrally located: clears $1M
month; snap. KREDO & CO., 22H Geary st.
A— sl6oo- 53 rooms; bay-window corner; cen-
trally located; clears $150 month; $1000 cash,
balance time. KREDO & CO., 22H Geary st.
$280— HOUSE of 10 well furnished rooms; pays
well; cheap rent; great bargain. National
Agency. 7 Grant aye.
i >AK LAND— Firat-class family rooming-house,
partly furnished; clears *120 a month. Ad-
rtress Postoffice box 71. Oakland. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS rooming house for sale. 910
Pine st.
$2on- GOOD paying house 16 rooms; all full. 12J
Third et. !
FURNISHED 6-room flat In good condition; a
bargain; no dealers; $150. 25 Hyde st.
14-ROOM corner house; all sunny and house
full; $350. Call 116 Leldesdorff st.
$300— 10-ROOM lodging-house; north of Market
st.; fine location; 2 car lines. Box 731. Call.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
C. E. PETERS, attorney and counselor-at-law,
40 Montgomery st., room 16.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckelc bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st. *
|
PERSONALS.
MAGNETISM le the life of the physical: It
cures sleeplessness, melancholia or any dis-
! . ease that • la curable; instructions given con- I
! cerning the causation of malformation, birth- j
marks and their prevention; the power of ■
thought and Its effects; philosophy of life or
how to live; no medicine, no batteries used,
' no rubbing; can heal from a distance. J. \V.
I BROWN, magnetic healer, 1362 Grove St..
Oakland. . ■ "
! MANUFACTURER'S stock, 850 beautiful col-
ored pictures, 10x14 Inches, mounted on glass
! with brass chain around for hanging; 89 sub-
jects for 15c each; sold everywhere for 35c.
JONES, 547 Mission' st., bet. Ist and 2d.
OLD clothes for women : and children will be
gratefully accepted. "Sheltering Alms," 579
Harrison st. *
I ________ ___________——__-_---— —
| LEDERER'S styles always correct; halrdress- j
ing, 25c; hair restored to its natural color, i
II i.O up; Rood switches. $1; finest, $3 50; extra, 1
$6; open Sunday 9 to 12. 11l Stockton at.
STRICTURE and prostate gland troubles (pain j
In bladder) cured while you sleep; new pro- i
cess; no pain. Box 563 Call office.
HOW competent under-graduate doctors, dent-
ists can have degree conferred. Lock box 11*6,
Chicago. 111. • ■ .
LEDERER'S Qulnonia (rives health and vitality '
to the hair; 35c bottle. G. LEDERER, 111 i
Stockton st. i
THE latest novelties in fine furs can be seen
at BERWIN & GASSNER'S new fur store, j
. 0 Kearny St. ______
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester I
House, 44 Third St., near Market: 200 rooms, |
25c to $1 50 per night; Jl BO to $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
THE Magic Hand Loom mends all fabrics; per-
fect weaver; 25c. Greater West Advertising i
and Novelty Co., 1155% Washington, Oakland.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash price», ,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny. |
i HOME In confinement; diseases of .women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, ,-1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
I SUITS to order on easy Installments. _•.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers.
MME. GOi ISTEIN— EI ant stylish dresses. S3 j
up: drepgps made over. 3 Fjdd* ft . rm 14-15.
HOUSES TO LET.
TO LET— Bay-window house of 7 rooms and
bath; Improvements: on sunny side; rent $27.
Apply 1210 Jackson st. |
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 10 Mont-
. gomery st. I
3 LODGE rooms furnished, 927 Mission; 10- I
room bouse. 2417 Sutter; 6- room cottage. 2406 I
gutter. Apply L. ALTSCHUL. 320 Clay it.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
COMPLETELY furnished cottage of 4 rooms, j
hall, bath, gas, hot and cold water; coal and (
gas stoves; large basement floored: front and |
back yard; rent only $25; inspect 10. to 5. Call
or address F. C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market.
COTTAGES TO LET.
CHEAP cottage of 4 rooms with large lot, on I
Pierce, bet. Halght and Page; rent $12. Apply |
to C. S. CAPP & CO., Real Estate Agents, i
630 Market st. • ?. -:-;.
FOLSOM, Cottage, 7 rooms; bath; large
yard; rent $20. i
$15— BAY-WINDOW cottage. 4 rooms, bath; $15. |
flat. 5 rooms, bath. 220 Thirteenth at.
FURNISHED FLATS.
NICELY furnished flat; 4 rooms and bath. 11l '
Fell St.
v FLATS TO LET.
7 BUENA VISTA aye. and 1021 Halght. above j
Broderick; cozy 5 and 6 room flats; nice view
CLAY, 1417 A— of the most beautiful flats
in town; convenient, commodious and sunny; ;
marine view; rent very reasonable.
CLAYTON, 872. south of Frederick—Sunny j
modern flat of 6 rooms and bath; cheap.
FELL. 511— Flat 4 rooms, bath; basement: gas; i
hot and cold water; yard; $15; key at 513 Fell.
FIVE sunny rooms, bath, modern Improve- :
ments; $15. 35 Albion aye.. bet. 15th and 16th.
FRANKLIN, 710. near Golden Gate aye. — 1.
flat 5 rooms and bath; $22. .' -
| FRANKLIN, 717, near Golden Gate Sunny j
j corner flat of 8 rooms and bath. __ j
GEARY, 1135. bet. Van Ness aye. and Frank- I
lin— Elegant modern flat 7. rooms; bath; base- i
ment. - ' ' " |
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1158, near Webster—
sunny upper flats, 6 and 7 rooms. "
; ■ — j
GEARY, 805— Elegant flat of 4 rooms; rent $16.
LARKIN, 706— Flats of 5 and 6 rooms and j
bath: rent $18 and $20. j
LARKIN. 1310— let; small flats of three :
rooms. '?-;'- - .'
MODERN corner flat, 6 rooms, bath, etc; rent
$15. Corner Twenty-fifth and Kansas sts. ;
take Howard st. cars; stable If desired.
NEW modern flat, 5 choice sunny rooms, $18.
1720 Hyde st. '
PAGE, Sunny furnished flat; latest im-
provements; 7 rooms; front and back gar-
den; reasonable to responsible party: refs.
2040 SCOTT, cor. Sacramento— sunny B-
room flat reasonable. j
NE. cor. Nineteenth an<- Noe sts., 1 block from j
Eighteenth or. Castro St. cars— Lovely sunny j
corner flats; 5 rooms. $18, water free; 4 rooms,
$15, water free. • ' = : :>; ■
POND, 47. off Sixteenth, hi block from Market
—Sunny upper 6-room flat; $15; water free.
WE can rent you a flat with or without _
flagpole. BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
WATER free; 6 rooms and bath. 1718 !
Leavenworth st. . , v j
3- ROOM flat; nice location; reasonable. In-
quire at 352 McAllister st. :
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. Bent to any address In the United
States or Canada one "ear 'or $1 60. postage
paid.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AVERT, 6, off Geary, ! near FUlmore— 2 fur-
■ nlehed housekeeping rooms; bath; rent $12.
FILLMORE, 1920— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping. __ '
FULTON, 235, near Van Ness— furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath, gas. -
GOLDEN GATE aye., 917— large sunny
unfurnished housekeeping rooms; closets,
bath; $10; call after 2 p. m. - .. .-
GOUGH, — Nicely furnished rooms to let
reasonable; housekeeping if desired..
GROVE, 32 Furnished housekeeping;, sunny;
.bath; yard; call afternoon; cheap.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness aye.— Sunny un-
furnished 3-room suites, ' with gas range.
HOWARD. 643— Large furnished housekeeping
room with bath; also single room.
HOWARD, 1068— A newly furnished sunny par-
lor suite, hkpg. $12; others, $8; single. *4 mo.
LEXINGTON aye.. 210, bet. 19th and 20th— 3 fur-
nished rooms, housekeeping, complete, $10;
alcove. $7. ■ . . . .■ ' -
LINCOLN place, 3, off Fremont, bet. Howard i
and Folsom— 3 unfurnished rooms for • houte-
keeplng. _. '-'..' ; ■■■ -.-'-.
MISSION, 854—2 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; also fine front parlor; reas. Inquire B66.
MINNA, 648— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing.
MISSION, 1241—2 furnished sunny 'rooms;: stove;
housekeeping; running water and garden;
3 reasonable.
MISSION, 1125%— Sunny front room with
kitchen for housekeeping; $12; single room $5.
MISSION, 1129 — Newly furnished rooms for
housekeeping; other rooms; reasonable. ■ : t ;.-
MOSS, 13, off Howard, near 7th— 2 or 3 rooms
furnished for housekeeping. , . ''
NATOMA, 81, cor. Furnished . rooms
from $10 up; also housekeeping rooms, $2 per
week; respectable and quiet. ■■■■■.
NINTH, 21— Large bay window sunny room,
furnished for light housekeeping, $3; others. \
NINTH, 20, near Market— Front bay-window
suite; water; stove; gas; $12; single. „ -
NINTH, 72— Large furnished room; water; light
housekeeping privilege; private family. /:;•
O'FARRELL, 403%— or 3 sunny front rooms,-
: : complete for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
POLK, — Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; suite or single. ." . rj'skS\
RUSS, 149—1 large room complete for house-
• keeping, $2 per week; also 1 single front
room, 11 25 per week. .'. : '■'.'. .V'r-.
SUTTER, 639— Front and back parlor with use
of kitchen; also front room for gent.
THE Piedmont, 118 A Sixth • St.— or ' 3 rooms,
I furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
TWENTIETH, 3622, : near Valencia— 2 or 3 sun-
•; ■: ny furnished connecting rooms ' and ; bath. ' ■
VAN I NESS, 1 226 — or two j furnished " sunny
' rooms, housekeeping ! If desired, reasonable.
VAN NESS, 400 — Unfurnished * sunny parlor
floor, "4 rooms: . newly; papered : . modern.
VAN NESS : aye., ; 908— Sunny .£ furnished " rooms
for reas'ble. ; room for 2 gents, 1 ; 512..
VAN I NESS I aye., — Nicely ; furnished \ parlor
[ \:< floor for ' physician or houaekpg; ; private f am.'
ROOMS TO LET.
AT 52 SECOND— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; wk, $1 to $2 50; day 25c to 50c.
A— STOCKTON, 242— First-class sunny front
rooms; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
ARLINGTON" House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
Bunny rooms, en suite and single: first-class
In every respect: terms reasonable.
BALBOA. The, 1409 A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 50c. suites SI per day; leas
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr; tel.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis. or. Mason— ounny
suites and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8. $10 mo.
ELLIS, 638— Two large sunny rooms nicely fur-
nished; gas, bath and running water; light
housekeeping- no children. _^__
Khi.lS, 597— Parlor floor, 4 rooms, suitable for
offices or family; also single rooms.
ELLIS, 635— Pleasant sunny furnished room for
one or two: gas; bath; $10.
FELL, 1712, panhandle Park— Sunny rooms wita
board; gentlemen or couple; references^
FIFTH. 109— Nice sunny room; cheap; gentle-
men only or man and wife.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant rurnished
rooms: suites or single. MRS. H. yYER.
GEARY, 610—2 large sunny rooms, newly fur-
niphed; aleo housekeeping rooms.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 917— Nicely furnished sin-
gle front mnm; $3; call a:'; r 2 p. m.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE cr. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates: families.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to ?6 per week.
HASKELL, The 121 Powell St.— Cheap neat
llg-ht sunny rooms; transients: gents preferd.
HOWARD, 711— Large front room: suitable for
iir .-smaker or two gentlemen; $10 per month.
HYDE, 913— Double and single sunny furnish-
ed rooms; new house; running water; bath;
gas: reasonable.
HYDE. 1111- Large sunny furnished and unfur-
nished rooms.
.TKSSIE. 638— 3 sunny -oem? furnished or un-
furnished; rent cheap: between 7th and Bth.
JONES, 415— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
running water; suites, $20; single rms, $S up
MAPON, 511— Large sunny front room; grate,
gae, running water; private family.
MCALLISTER, 539—2 gents wishing to furnish
own home will find beautiful alcove room;
running water; .gas; bath; parlor; piano.
MCALLISTER. 690— 8 furnished rooms; private
family; adults; will rent single or as flat.
MISSION, 1163— Small hall room, unfurnished;
sunny, clean; $2 50 a month.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day. week or month.
PHILADELPHIA House— Furnished rooms, 75
cents a week and upward. 421 Bush st.
POWELL, 617— Elegantly furnished suite of
rooms; gentleman preferred.
SEVENTH. 192. near Howard (Glrard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 216',^— Large sunny front room; also
sunny back room; rent cheap; quiet house.
STOCKTON, 603— Sunny single and suite; also
housekeeping rooms.
SUTTER. 2234— Comfortably furnished room In
a private family _
TAYLOR, 517— Large sunny newly furnished
front room for 2 gents. $15; references ex.
TREMONT House. 1773 Market St., opp. Gough—
House newly furnished; single rooms or suits;
2 Kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
TURK. 132— Large nicely furnished sunny room
suitable for 2: sunny single front room, $6.
van' NESS, s.s Furnished or partly; $6 up;
fine two-ston corner.
IK) O.MS AND BOA in.
ABBOTSFORD. The—
Broadway and Polk sts. ; ciulet, homelike:
terms moderate: board opt'nal; all cars direct.
AHLBORN House. 3l!>-321-323 Grant aye.—
It >"ms 50c up; board and room. $1 per day and
Dp ward; free bus to and from hotel.
POLSOM, 511— Swedish private boarding, with
I, J4 to $•" per week; nice location.
OEARY, Mo— Nice room for 2 gents; first-class
board; M 5; private family; also day boarders.
O' PARREL, 742— Comfortable room for couple;
running water; no children; home cooking.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished sunny
Market st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
TURK. 12'. — First-class board with German
family; $20; special rates to students.
VAN NESS aye.. 519— Sunny furnished suites
aril single rooms; first-class table board.
VAN NESS, inns— Excellent table board; sunny
furnisVif'l rooms.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
REFINED home for little girl or young girl
student at 1727 McAllister st.
OFFICES TO LtiT.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.;
light, heat, janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDINER, room 210.
TWO fine furnished corner rooms, suitable for
doctor or dentist. W5 Kearny st.
> ORES TO LET.
JUST tbe store— Butcher shop bet. fruit store
and grocery. 230 Van Ness aye.
NORTHEAST cor. Pacific and Sansome sts.—
Handsome corner store, $30 per month.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $t
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
AN elegant Curtaz piano, slightly used; cabi-
net grand, walnut case, three pedals, a bar-
gain; also one Vose & Son's, 1 Steck, 1 Chick-
ering and one Klngsbury piano; If you intend
buying do bo now; freights advance October
1 and we have five carloads of pianos com-
ing; we need room. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON,
Chickering Agents. 16 to 20 O'Farre!! St.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest nous*
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
X, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and
all other musicai Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
FOR the next 30 days pianos will be fold for
cash at almost cost price b- the ZENO
MAUVMS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.; they
are making room for fresh : tock.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Briggs an-1 other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308. 310, 312 Post st.
AN elrgant Steinway. upright for $250 cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S. 1021 'an Ness aye.
IT costs you 5c to see pianos we rent for $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant.
pOWWful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
$75— GREAT bargain; nice upright. SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister st., next Hlbernla Bank.
SPECIAL sale of plnnos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 524 Post st.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents S2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new ! '.yles. KOH-
LER &- CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
Mri.T.Kfi miik^r. rcpairrr. 2 Latham place.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BLOODED pups for sale; Gordon setter and
water spaniel. 235 Stevenson St.
100,000 FEET second-hand lumber; all kinds
old buildings bought and sold. FRENCH &
CO., Fifteenth and Valencia Bts.
2-HORSE, also 8-horse gas engine; good condi-
tion; can be seen in operation. WILLIAMS
BROS., First and Franklin sts., Oakland.
ASK to see the $11 diamond ring; ask to see the
$16 diamond ring. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, IUI7-1019-1021-10i3 Mission St., above
Sixth.
75,000 FEET rough lumber and flooring; 20 rolls
tin, 14-16x2. r > feet: suitable for sheds or sta-
bles. Old French Hospital. 745 Bryant ut.
FOR SALE— Small Otto gas engine. Apply sa-
loon. ISO 2 Seventh st., Oakland.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
iECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
gines, boilers, dynamos, etc. 516 Mission st.
SAFES — New and secomi hand; cheaper than
evf-r. Herman Safe Manfc, 533 Sacramento.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20; records, $5 per dozen;
projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl. 935-952 Market.
J. R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES — Bargains In new and second hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
CITY REAL ESTATE. \
$60 A MONTH; $6500; inside property; ; Howard
st. between New Montgomery and Third; 47
x 75; with two fine houses; rents $60; $8500;
ready for stores. MAGEE & SONS. 4 Mont-
gomery st. ' ' * '
FOR SALE— elegant new residence of 8
rooms, bath and modern improvements; 232
Liberty st.; price $5000; must be sold.
$4500— An unusual bargain; new residence of
7 rooms and bath and large lot. 33x90; situate
on the SW. corner of Dolores and Army sts.;
price $4500. Apply on premises or at 232 Liberty.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any . address In the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
HOUSE to let— 2-story house; 7 rooms; bath:
basement; garden; orchard; henyard; water
mill and tank: situated convenient for Berke-
ley. Oakland and San Francisco. Apply A.
WILLIAMS, P. O. box 85, Lorin.
FOR Sale— Stock ranch; 1200 acres land; 500
acres fine grain land, remainder grazing hill
land; abundant feed; well sheltered and
watered: situated in Colusa County, Is miles
from railroad: price $10 per acre. Apply to
MRS. M. S. CHANDON. Marysvllle. Cal.
A— ACRES Napa Valley land in subdivisions
of 25 acres: the best of orchard and grain
land; yielded 17 cwt. per acre this season;
from $63 to $85 per acre. Box 715, Call.
WRITE M. GRIFFIN. Cotton wood. Tehama
Co.. Cal. Illustrated land book free.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
MUST be sold; owner going East; no reason-
able offer refused; 2-story house, 9 rooms and
bath; lot 32x125; on Filbert St., near Tenth.
W. P. RYAN. 960 Seventh St., Oakland.
HOME on Linda Vista Terrace, on Piedmont
line; 8 minutes to City Hall; 40 minutes to
" San Francisco, with 15 minute ferry trips;
new house, 7 rooms, including 4 bedrooms:
light, airy basement; best of construction and
finish; open nickel plumbing; 8 lavatories; gas
fixtures, etc., complete: large deep lot; only
$3700: easy Installments. HERON & HOL-
COMB, 1050 Broadway.
FOR Sale in Oakland — house, 7 rooms and
bath; 2-story; best construction and finish:
lot 40x125; fine neighborhood; 3 minutes from
railroad station: 30 minutes from San Fran-
cisco: monthly installments. HERON & HOL-
COMB. 1050 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats from $12 to $17: no dark
rooms;, stove and porcelain bath; water and
ash man free; Adeline station, Oakland; key
at 940 Union st. KOENIG & KROLL, 1006
Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
WINDSOR — Rooms without board: ac-
commodations for cooking. 9th & Washington.
UNFURNISHED housekeeping apartments,
with carpets: reasonable. 1229 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. BCHELL-
HAAS' old «tore. 40* Kl<-v«»nth pt. B«» M-
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ALT A PUNT A Tract again on the market;
prices reduced; on San Pablo aye., 3 miles
north of Berkeley; lots and by acreage; look
at this. Send for map to G. W. HAIGHT.
220 Sansome St., S. F.
— NEW house of 7 rooms and bath; all
modern Improvements; large lot; street work
all done and^ near the university. JOS. J.
MASON. Real Estate. n»-i-..!py station.
MONEY TO LOAN.
MONEY to loan at rates which people can af-
ford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do not
borrow of your friends or you will lose their
friendship; do business with strangers and be
better satisfied; no delay, no publicity. East-
ern Loan Co.. rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market at.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.- -
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest I rates. Baldwin Jewelry
' Store, 948 Market St.; telephone Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
. moval; money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest interest. Room 68, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Post st.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, : rm. 3.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
■FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. BYX>-
• VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery st.
• MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though el6e fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2. •
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
instantly (no matter from ; what cause) ; safe
and sure at any. time; my celebrated reme-
dies and treatment have never been known to
fail; travelers helped without delay; home in
confinement; skillful medical attention: all
those who are sick and discouraged consult
the doctor free and confidential: strong pills,
$1; guaranteed cure, $5. MRS. DR. WYETH,
208 Turk St.. near Jones. •
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure: no danger of after ef-
fects: taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box,, sent . free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye., 8. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us. ■
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In one day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or Instruments used; consultation free;
. saves disgrace; pills and capsules, $1; cure,
$5. By the well-known ladies' physician for
37 years. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause: no Instruments used, guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
: expressed C. O. D.: don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
MRS. ACHARD.' midwife: sunny, pleasant I
home in confinement. 156 Second st. j
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone bouth 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
, beating Works. 353-57 T>ama st. ; tel. S. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. C-r^-t-cleanlng Co.. 453
Stevenson st. ; tel. . >uth 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at 3c
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
6t. ; cleaning 3c yard: tet.' Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
. Gate aye. ; tel. East 126. ■_
ADVANCE Carpet cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394.- GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
. „■■' ■ '" PROPOSALS.
PLANS and Specifications for a School Build-
ing— Office Board of Education, : San Fran-
cisco, October 1, 1898— In accordance with ; a
resolution adopted by the Board of Education
; of the City ' and , County of San Francisco,
September 28, IS3S, public notice Is hereby
given to architects that competitive plans and
- specifications for the erection of a twelve-
class school building on the northeast corner
'"of Twenty-third and Douglass streets, in said
city and county, will be received according. to
the general Instructions to architects (copies
of which can be obtained at the office of the
Board), in open- session of the Board of Edu-
cation on Wednesday. October 12, 1898, at 4
p. m., as follows: : v ; . •
On a lot 165 feet on Douglass street facing
west, and a depth of 134 feet 3 ■ inches on
.Twenty-third street facing south. . .
The architect. -whose plans and specifica-
tions are adopted by the Board will be ap-
• pointed architect and superintendent of the
building ; at a compensation of five (5) per cent
of the cost of the structure. . :
CHARLES W. WELCH. Secretary.
U. S. ENGINEER'S X Office, Burke * building,
: Seattle. - Wash., - Sept. 13, IS9S.— Sealed pro-
posals for furnishing Portland ' cement will be
'£ received here ' until 2 ■p. m.. ' October IS, ' 1898,
: and then publicly opened. - Information fur-
J: nished ,on ; application. HARRY TAYLOR.
Captain Engineers. ' . .
■■ : • - '■'■' ■ i sSplsiiPi
■ . - :. '■' '•■:' ■ ■■'.'■': '- .;■• '•'■■!. : ■ v ■
. DENTlSTS^^^^^^^^
DON'T wear a rubber plate when you can get
a metal plate' for- the same price; our com-
bination metal plate; thin as paper and so
. light it floats. Full set of teeth, $5; crowns,
$3 60 up: gold fillings, $1 up; silver. 50c up;
bridge work a speciality; written guarantee
for 10 years given on all work; we employ
none but experienced dentists to do your
work: no charge for extraction when plates
are ordered: examination and consultation
free. MODERN DENTAL PARLORS, 8 Ma-
eon St., corner Market; phone South 781. -•-
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings. 50c; crowns. $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
SET of teeth, $5: fillings, gold $1 up: silver Sso
up: bridges; plates repaired; all work pain-
• less and warranted 10 years, i New York
Dentists, 969 Mission St., corner Sixth. ;.-',:
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of painless extraction and • pat-
entee of improved bridge work or teeth with-
, out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market St., corner Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given.
SET of teeth without a. plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, .1320 Market St.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage .
. paid. i ■ '-■■•ft
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few. partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & C0.. 11P Montgomery.
A Hammond. $25: Calicraph. $15: Yost. $25;
get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery at.
4 MARKET Branch office of The CalL
Want ads and subscriptions' taken.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows;
Joseph E. Bousquet and Alexanandre Ca-
vllle • 32-24
Charles Dally and Mary Cockeran 29-28
Antonio Victorino and Maria A. 5i1va.:.. 60-35
Charles V. Well a.nd Ancle. Weil 26-19
George H. Young and Bertha Walsh 32-24
Manuel C. Serpa and Mamie A. Burgess.. 23-18
Joseph Redlick and Lillie Wolf 3-5-24
Howard F. Coffin and Annna x>. Mackey.. 2s-23
Albert C. Heple ami Georgia A. Kitchen.. 3l-21
Cotelll Lorensso and Rosa Raffetto: .'.2fl-30
Louis E. Martin and Sylvia A. C01e......2»-34 !
Fred Smith and Susan Eader .44-59
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HEALY— In this city. October 3, IS??, to the
wife of L. E. Healy, a daughter.
HASKELL— Oakland. October 5. 1898, to
the wife of George P. Haskell, a son.
SULLIVAN— In this city, October 6, 1898, to
the wife of Eueene .1. Sullivan, a son.
• PYNE— In this city, October 6, 183S, to the
wife of Edward Pyne. a daughter.
MARRIED.'
HACKFELD— this city, October 5.
1898, by the Rev. F. Bonn, Robert C. Jones
and Anna Hackfeld, both of San Francisco.
HEPLE— KITCHEN— In this city, October 6,
1898. "by the Rev. F. Bonn, Albert C. Heple
: and Georgia A. Kitchen, both of San Jose.
DIED.
/ Baker, Mary A Lowe, Mrs. Mary A
Tailey. Mrs. Hannah Lounsbury, Henry A
Bell. William Millar, Robert L
Costa. Domenic McDougall. Nellie
Delaney, Bridget Pestdorf. Clause
Hofmann, Wtlhel- Polemann. Capt. B. .
mina Quinn, John A
Job, Mrs. Jane Sullivan. Jennie May
Keyes, George Walcott, Maggie T
Woods, John P.
j BAILEY— In the Old Ladies' Home. Temescal.
October 6, IS9B, Mrs. Hannah Bailey, ■ a na-
tive of Boston, Mass., aged 74 years, and 5
months. ■ ■
BAKER— In this city, October 6, IS9S. Mary
A., beloved wife of George H. Baker, and
mother of Mrs. C. P. Blanchard of Seat-
tle, Mrs. George Lilly of San Francisco and
Charles H. Baker of Corte Madera. a na-
: tive of England, aged 62 years.
BELL— In the City and County Hospital, Oc-
tober 6, 1898, William Bell, a native of Ire-
land, aged 54 years.
COSTA— In the City and County Hospital, Oc-
tober 6, ' 1898, Domenic Costa, a native of
Italy, aged 28 years.
DELANEY— In Napa, Cal.. Bridget, beloved
wife of the late James Delaney, and mother
of ' James, John, Mary, Willie, Frank and
Florence Delaney, and sister of Lizzie Car-
ney, a native of County . Kerry, Ireland, aged
46 years.
tC^Friendu and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitee to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission . street,
thence to St. Rose's Church, Brannan street,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. <
HOFMANN— In this city, October 6, IS9S, Wl!-
helmlna, beloved wife of Louis Hofmann.
a native of Gelslingen, Wurtemburg, Ger-
many, aged 60 years and 7 months.
JOB— In this city. October 6, 1898, Mrs. Jane
Job, a native of England, aged 77 years.. •'_
KEYES— In this city, October 6, 1898, Georga
F. Keyes, a native of Canada, aged 43
years.
(n^Notice of funeral hereafter.
LOUNSBURY— In this city. October 4, 1898, at
the King's Daur-iters' Home, Rev. Henry
A. i Lounsbury. a native of Ovid. ; Seneca
County, N. V., aged 71 years.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thia day
(Friday* at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. In-
. terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LOWE— Redwood City, October 5, 1898, Mrs.
Mary A. Lowe, mother of J. W. Lowe, aged
£3 years, 11 months and 20 days.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect- :
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Friday) at 10:30 a. m., from Mount Carmel
Church, Redwood City. Interment at Holy
Cross Cemetery, by train leaving Redwood
City at 12:12 p. m. :
McDOUGALL— In Bakersfield, Cal., October 5,
1898, Nellie, beloved daughter of B. McDou-
gall, and sister of Charles C, Benjamin G.
■ and George B. McDougall, a native of San
Francisco.
• (£7" Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services at 2 o'clock to-day
(Friday), from the family residence 721 De-
visadero street. Interment Cyprus Lawn
Cemetery. , . . •
MILLAR— In this city, October 5, 1898, of
diphtheria, Robert Lawrence, beloved son of
Thomas M. and Harriet Millar, a native of
San Francisco, aged 5 years, 2 i months and
29 days. Interment private.
PESTDORF— In Mount Eden, Clause Pestdorf. ■
beloved husband of Catherine Pestdorf, and
father of Emma Lindenberg, a native of Ger-
many, aged 60 years 4 months and 2 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully - Invited to attend the funeral this day.
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence In Mount Eden. Interment Mount
. Eden Cemetery.
POLEMANN— At the German Hospital in this
city,' October 6, 189S,- Captain" Edwin Pole- '
. mann, a native of Germany, aged 34 . years,
2 months and 27 days. ;
QUINN— In the City and County Hospital, Oo-
tober 6. 1398. John Alphonse Qulnn, a na-
tive of New York, aged IS years.
SULLIVAN— In this city. October 5, 1898, '? Jen-
nie May, beloved daughter of Jeremiah W. '
and Mary Sullivan, " and sister of Annie E.,
Clarence E., Walter, Stella and John L.
Sullivan, a native of San Francisco, aged
15 years and 9 months.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
" of her parents, 231 Ney street, thence to St..
Mary's College Church, Mission Road, where
a requiem mass will be . celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WALCOTT— In this city, October 5, ' 1593, Mag-
gie T., . dearly beloved wife of Thomas ,J.
Walcott, and mother or Irene Thomas,
George, Viola and the late Oliver Walcott.
and daughter of Mrs. A. Scanlln. and sister.
of W. J. Scanlin, Mrs. P. J. Dietz and Mrs.
D: J. Coakley, a native of Virginia City,
Nev., aged 33 years.
• [C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 p. m.. from her late resi-
dence, '■ 1500 Howard street, thence to St. Jo- ,
seph's Church for services. Interment • Cal-
] vary Cemetery.
WOODS— this city, October 6, 1898, John
P., beloved husband .of Florence Woods.
. and father of Arthur and Hazel Woods, and
brother of Thomas J. and William H. •'
Woods, and son of John and the late Eliz-
abeth Woods, a I native of Philadelphia, aged ;
30 years, 7 months and 22 days.:
(CJ'Friends and acquaintances are respect-:
fully invited to attend the funeral to-murrow
(Saturday), at 12:30 p. m., from his late resi-
dence, 62SU Natoma = street., . thence to St. :
" Joseph's Church for services. Interment .-:;-
Holy Cross Cemetery. ;
lAIcAVOY & GALLAGHER. 3
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EJIBALJIER3| V
-20 FIFTH ST., opp. Lineola Scaojl. ;. |
* Telephone, SouthSjX^^^^^^^l
IH. B. McA TOT, : Manager. ■ ,fi
■''■■JWcJWIO'V «fc CO., 9
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3 1
1235 Market st., .'between Sth and 9th.;,i:; t 3
Telephone,' South "47. • • •-' '■' ■■'■ ■'-'1-
1112
THE SOUTHERN
PACIFIC IN A
BAD PLIGHT
Admits That It Has No Fran
chise for Its City Tracks.
Citizens of the Mission Organized to Foil Its
Attempt to Secure Permanent Rights
in the Heart of the City.
The Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
through Its attorney John E. Foulds,
made an unexpected admission to the
Street Committee of the Board of Super
visors yesterday afternoon. It was to
the effect that the railroad never did have
a -written permit, to say nothing of a
franchise, to operate a railroad track
through the heart of San Francisco.
This interesting bit of information de
veloped through the cross questioning of
Thomas B. Slevin, president of the Mis
sion and Potrero Improvement Club, who
appeared before the Street Committee, in
company with nine other members of the
organization, to protest against the grnnt
, ing of a permit to the Southern Pacific
to lay a double track line to its depot at
Third and Townsend streets, in place of
the single track line which it is now ope
rating.
Slevin pressed the question upon Attor
ney Foulds as to what authority the
Southern Pacific had for operating a track
over Harrison street. So far as he could
find, by searching the records, no permis
sion had ever been granted to the railroad
to lay rails in that thoroughfare.
To this query Foulds replied: "There
are more ways than one to secure a fran
chise to operate our tracks. Admitting
that there was no written order giving
the company the right to lay tracks on
Harrison street that can be found at the
present time I contend that the
city and county maps now in exis
tence place the Southern Pacific tracks on
that street and others and that this map
is official. Therefore the right of the com
pany to have a track there is legally rec
ognized."
This remarkable statement produced a
sensation among the auditors. Several
members of the improvement club pro
tested that the mere fact that the maps
showed a railroad line along a certain in
dicated route could not be construed into
a permissi(\n for the permanent posses
sion of a right of way. The railroad had
gradually usurped the property and
streets through San Francisco, giving out
the statement that it was only a tempo
rary occupation until it could build Its
line along the water front, where it did
possess a franchise. The objectors de
clared that the track ran through a thick
ly populated district and that the trains
were such a noisy and dirty nuisance .that
adjacent property had deteriorated fifty
per cent as a result. They demanded pro
tection from the Supervisors, declaring
that if the railroad company was granted
the permit to lay a double track, it
would, in effect, be a perpetual franchise,
allowing the Southern Pacific for all time
to operate its trains through the heart of
ban Francisco, instead of skirting the city
along the water front, as it should do. to
the inconvenience of the smallest number
of people and the resulting advantage of
the great mass of citizens. B
»yl \tT Kenny, a well-known resident of
\ht sslo . ' S 3^ 8 - 11 effective speech on
tn»t tH, bj ? & !al(l£! al( l£ '" Xt is a well-known
fact that the Southern Pacific has usurped
rights in this city that could never have
been .obtained by legal means. The pres
ent route of the road through the city is
usurped. It sneaked in on an alleged
sidetrack for some time, saying that It
was only a temporary 'spur,' but it grad
ually lengthened and lengthened until it
pierced the city. Now the company is
seeking to make their squatter's rights
permanent. Thousands of people bought
homes out in the Mission district on the
statement that the railroad track was
only temporary and that the nuisance
of the trains would soon be abated. Now
the company tries by trick to get tne
Board of Supervisors to legalize its un
lawful acts of encroachment and to place
it in possession of a permanent double
track through the heart of San Fran
cisco. Such a thing means irretrievable
disaster. They propose to stay right
where they are, those railroad tricksters,
and not to build the line around the city,
where they are supposed to go. Why you
can't keep plaster on the walls of a
house within two blocks of their railroad
trains. A blind man would think there
was a perpetual earthquake machine in
operation out there. We object. We want
the railroad to get out. and are willing
to allow reasonable time— say two or three
years— the proposed grant of a double
track permit is in the direction of a per
petual nuisance."
Other members of the improvement club
paid their compliments to the Southern
Pacific as a "corporation without de
cency" and "an evader of taxes," as a
thief that came in the night and stole real
estate, both public and private. The war
waxed warm, to the evident disquiet of
the Southern Pacific's attorney and a»so
of Supervisor Britt. who presided as
chairman of the Committee on Streets.
The Supervisor was plainly in favor of the
Southern Pacific, assisting the railroad at
torney as against the people of the Mis
sion. This fact was evidenced a number
of times by his remarks and questions,
all of which were calculated to assist the
ST. DOMINIC'S FAIR
IS WORTH VISITING
MEETING WITH MUCH SUCCESS
IN THE PABISH.
A Special Programme Arranged for
This Evening — List of Booths
and Those in Charge.
The fair In aid of St. Dominic's Church,
which -wa.s opened to the public last Mon
day evening, is meeting with a success
far beyond the predictions of those direct
ly in charge. Although it is being well
patronized, it justly deserves encourage
ment from many more than those now
interested in supporting it.
The main object of the fair Is to raise
end accumulate sufficient money, to meet
the payment of the expense of the new
organ which was dedicated last Sunday
morning, and also for the payment of the
tax which has been levied on the pariah
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WIFE'S AWFUL
ECZEMA
My -wife was in the most horrible condition
of any human being, from Eczema. She could
neither sit down nor lie down, her torture was
so intense. I tried all the doctors that I could
reach, but she got so that I firmly believe she
-would have died -within twelve hours if I had
not been advised of Cuticcka Remedies and
got them. My ■wife went to sleep in two hours
after the first application, although aho had
not slept for seven days, and with two boxes
of_ConconA (ointment) and one cake of
Cuticuba Soap she teas absolutely cured, and
is well and hearty to-day.
ersEcr Ccee T»EATSrtHT tob Tosmnro, ThsriO'
vuivo Hcmocs, with Loss or Hjiie.— Warm baths with '
CtmcDKA Soap, trestle anolnttnps with Ccticcba, pur-
est of emollient hkla cures, and mild dotes of Ccticdba
llr solvent, greatest of blood purifiers and humor care*.
Pold throughout t!w world. Pottoi D. a j»d C. Corp.,
Sole Fropi., iiotMi. How to Cur» tio Worit£e«cm», trot
railroad's case. Supervisor Delany. who
was the only one of the eommitteemen to
remain with Britt throughout the discus
sion, did not express any opinion as to
what should be done. He finally left, and
then Britt stated to the representatives or
the improvement club that he could see
no reason why the" Southern Pacific could
not us well have two tracks as one to the
depot. He did not believe that the grant
ing of the permit for the double track
would make any material difference.
To this view the improvement club took
quick exception.
"Then why don't you get out an in
junction against the Supervisors grant
ing the permit?" asked Britt of several
members of the delegation.
"We do not suppose that will be neces
sary." was the reply; "the Supervisors
will certainly not perpetrate such an out
rage as to grant the permit for a double
track."
Britt seemed to think the other way,
and the representatives of the citizens of
the Mission retired considerably disturbed
in mind. The matter may come up at the
meeting of the Supervisors next Monday,
although several difficulties will be en
countered. The City and County Attor
ney has been asked for an opinion as to
the right of the Supervisors to grant the
double track permit and he, in turn, has
requested the Supervisors' clerk to furnish
him with an abstract of title of all prop
erty along four miles of the company's
present tracks in the city, with full in
l>rmation as to all permits, rights, etc.,
granted to the Southern Pacific since its
advent in California. This the clerk says
will take him at least six months to ac
complish, and he will so state to the
City and County Attorney, so that the lat
ter will not delay acting on the request
for an opinion.
The people of the Mission and con
tiguous districts are up in arms against
grantiug the railroad a permanent right
of way and an injunction suit may be
filed within a few days, if it becomes evi
dent that other Supervisors besides Britt
favor the railroad.
One other matter which came before the
Street Committee is worthy of mention.
A large number of protests had been re
ceived from taxpayers along certain
streets In the suburbs, asking that pro
posed improvements in the way of bitu
men paving, macadamizing, etc., should
not be made at this time. Superintendent
Ambrose had recommended paving on a
number of streets at the expense of the
property owners, and the latter kicked,
as shown by the protests. In several
cases it was alleged that the work was
entirely unnecessary and would cost more
than the value of the property. The
Street Committee took the same view of
the matter as the petitioners against the
work and decided that nothing should be
done at this time on the following pro
posed improvements:
Curbing and paving Nineteenth street, be
tween Church and Sanchez.
Paving of Buchanan etreet, between Filbert
and Greenwich.
Paving of. Buchanan street, between Union
and Filbert.
Paving of Second avenue, between Point Lo
bos and Clement street.
Paving on Nineteenth, between Church and
Sanchez.
Paving of Selina place, oft California street,
! northerly.
Grading of I street, between Twelfth and
Thirteenth avenues.
Paving of Elm avenue, between Pierce and
Scott streets.
Paving on Piwce street, between Vallejo and
Green.
Paving of Collingwood street, between Nine
teenth and Twentieth.
Paving of Buchanan street, between Green
wich and Lombard.
Paving of Cedar avenue, between Octavla and
Laguna.
Paving of Elizabeth place, off Folsom, and
between Third and Fourth Ptreets.
Paving of Gough street, between Greenwich
and Lombard.
Paving of Fell street, between Fillmore and
Steiner.
Paving of Cole street, between Fell and
Hayes.
Macadamizing of L street, between Tenth and
Eleventh avenues.
Paving of Masonic avenue, between Page and
Oak streets.
Paving of Lyon street, between Golden Gate
avenue and Turk street.
Paving crossing of Pierce and Green streets.
Cobbling Central avenue, between Waller and
Buena Vista.
Grading and macadamizing Valley street,
from Sanchez to Noe streets.
Paving of Nineteenth street, from Church to
Castro.
The committee will report in favor of
bituminizing and curbing Pierce street,
between Green and Union; bituminizing
and curbing Pacific avenue, between
crossing of Pacific avenue and Lyon
street; bituminizing crossing of Jackson
and Lyon streets.
The allegation is made that Superin
tendent Ambrose recommended numerous
Improvements in order to take care of
contractors just at this time when work
is slack. The Superintendent denies this
charge, and says that many property
owners wanted the improvements and
that they were recommended at their sug
gestion.
for the erection of St. Patrick's Sem
inary at Menlo Pant.
The booths are very prettily arranged
around either side of the hall on Pine
street, immediately adjoining the church
where the fair is being held, and are in
charge of a number of charitable and en
thusiastic ladies and girls.
The following is a list of tne booths and
the ladies in charge:
St. Anthony's booth— Mrs. Charles J He*
gertyand Mrs. John Keogh, assisted by Mrs.
ocjnflh.ii, Miss F. Ortman, the Misses Llllle
Margaret and Nora Cashin. Mrs. M C Has
sett, Mrs. James Shea, Mrs. Hanify Mrs. J.
M. UltZ r. Mrs. M. Shannon, Miss May Shannon.
Miss G. «l eaBOI V, Miss Clara Keogh, Miss Alice
Keogh, Misses Emma and MolUe Seibel, Miss
K. Plunkett. Mrs. J. B. Carson, Mrs F. Wal
lerstein.
Living Rosary booth-Mrs. A. Walsh. Mrs.
Annie Cunningham, Mrs. J. McManus Mrs
Lynett.
St. Rose of Lima booth— E. M McDon
ald. T Mrs O. S. Carvill, Mrs F. de Smith. Mrs.
P. J. White, Miss Mattle Barman, Miss Kate
Langdon and the Misses Fltzpatrick.
Rosarlan booth— Farrell, M. Murray
?*#* J'ii 001 * 11 1 ' Lou'oe Sturla, Eva Bowlen!
Julia Coffee, Mamie Clancy. May Duraind. May
Barry, Mamie Schwartz, Rnsella McKeon Ce
cilia McFadden, May Ballingher, Miss Fen
nessy, Miss Skelly and Sarah Gibbons.
Soda fountain — Misses Edna Farrell, Mary
Dykes, Kate Flannlgan and Miss Fennensy.
Fish pond— Mrs. John Adams, assisted by
Miss A. Bagge and Mrs. Thompson.
Refreshment table— Miss Mamie Gibbon, Mrs
Kenney, Mrs. Theobauld, Mrs. Olsen Mrs'
Rhode?, Mrs. McKeon, Mrs. Sullivan Miss
Kate Gibbon.
Candy booth — Miss Belle "Watson, Miss
nock, Miss Watson.-
Third Order booth— Mrs. Martin, Mrs D
O Connor, Mrs. J. Sullivan, Mrs. O'Donnell'
Mrs. %V. G. Greely, Mrs. McConnlck. Mrs'
Rooney.
St. Paul's booth— Mrs. K. P. MeriUion. Mrs.
James Ryan. Mrs. J. O'Leary, Miss Margaret
Ryan. Miss Minnie Lonlgan, Miss Tessy Woer
ner, Mrs. Dr. Hartungr, Mrs. O. J. Scott Miss
Annie Fennel], Miss May O'Connor, Miss Bella
Tracy, Miss Smith, Miss McDonnell, Miss Nel
lie Dolan, Miss Mac O'Reilly, Katharine Mora.
International grab box— Miss Nina de St. Hu
bert. -y . ■
Shooting gallery— Miss Lizzie McFadden, Miss
Julia Buckley, Mies Marie Buckley. Miss Lottie
Merchant, Miss Katherlne Edmunds.
Dominican Observer — Newspaper editor, Miss
Annie Kelly; business manager, E. J. Dollard
treasurer. Rev. F. Newell; reporters— Miss
Louise Freeze. Hugh McGinnls, Dan Callahan,
A. Dollard, John Gllmore. James Lewis and
Chester Kelly.
Living Rosary table— Alice Walsh Mrs.
A. Cunningham, Mrs. Lynott, . Miss Mamie
Powell. Mrs. Johnson. Mrs. Meagles, Mrs. Mc-
Menus, Mrs. Daniels, Mrs. Markgraf. Miss An
nie D °" 0 h " e ' Misses Mary and Katharine Car
roll, Miss Convory and Miss Alice Donoghue.
Floor manager and door tenders— J. Mc-
Keon, John Doherty. E. Meyrick, S. P. Taylor,
George Kelly. Chester W. Keogh. M. Farr«ll,
D. A. White. M. J. Carroll, E. J. Dollard,
Hugh McGuiness, Arthur W." Dollard. • _
An Interesting and enjoyable programme
ie presented nightly. That arranged for
this evening will include many special at
tractions to the visitor.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, QCTOBI* 7, 1898.
BOAT AND PIER PLANS OF THE
PROJECTED NEW OAKLAND FERRY
Emeryville, Where the Terminal Company Will Locate Its Distribut
ing Depot.
THE exclusive announcement in The Call of yesterday that arrangements were nearly completed for the be
ginning of the construction of a new, up-to-date ferry system to give a fast, cheap, exclusive passenger ser
vice between Oakland and San Francisco, was received with great satisfaction on both sides of the bay. It
has been long known that such a service was greatly needed, not only for the material welfare of Oakland
as a city but for the proper accommodation of the traveling public. But up to the present time investors who
were bidding for traffic only have been intimidated by the great mogul— the Southern Pacific Company. However,
in the case of the new enterprise launched by the Realty Syndicate the ferry has become a necessity to the
company in order that its immense real estate holdings may be properly developed and the just share of street
car traffic diverted to its system of roa/ia. These propositions are aside from the fact that the promoters of the
enterprise regard the investment as a good proposition on a transportation basis alone, and approach the matter
with confidence and money. These two are the prime elements necessary to make the venture a big success.
The final adjustment of the transfer of the Emery tract to the syndicate, thereby affording the company a
perfect basis for the operation of a ferry line under favorable conditions gave the enterprise a solid sendoff and
from this time forward the scheme will be rapid and successful.
The ferry business will be under the management of the Terminal Company, forming a part of the Realty
Syndicate. Plans for the construction of the mole from Emeryville and for the ferryboats have been accepted
as described in these columns yesterday. The accompanying illustrations will give a fair idea of what the new
company proposes to do in the way of affording real comfort and even luxuries to those who cross the bay to
the modern Athens. The system" will be an innovation in that it will for a cheap fare provide the public with
clean boats built for passengers only, boats that can show their heels to anything on the bay. These will be
connected with electric car service on the Oakland side that will give ideal accommodations to the long-suf
fering people of that city and its suburbs. Considering what they are subjected to at present they will doubt
less give a hearty welcome to the company which is coming forward to solicit their patronage and sympathy.
ROBBED A
WOMAN OF
HER BENT
Thief's Bold Work in
the Mission.
SECURED LITTLE BOOTY
TOOK MONEY FROM UNDER THE
MATTRESS ON THE BED.
Mrs. Sanchez Aroused by the Burg
lar's Movements but Too Much
Alarmed to Make an
Outcry. /
A most daring robbery was committed
in the Mission at an early hour yesterday
morning. A robber broke into the house
at 2723 Twentieth street, in which a Mrs.
Sanchez lives, and took her little hoard of
money from under the mattress on which
she was lying. As he was leaving the
house the woman gave a strangled
scream, which so scared die robber that
he slammed the door and aroused the
other people living there. The woman's
son jumped out of bed and gave chase,
but the robber had gone.
Mrs. Sanchez was very much excited
when seen about the robbery last night.
"I had my little grandchild in the bed
with me," she said. "We were both sound
asleep, and I was aroused by a slight
noise in the room. I looked around, and
saw a man searching in some fancy boxes
I keep on the bureau. He had a lamp in
his hand. It was only a small thing, be
cause when he was running away he
closed it up and put it in his pocket.
"After he got through ' searching the
bureau he looked at the bed and saw I
was awake. I was so scared I could hard
ly breathe. He had a gun in his hand,
and said, 'If you scream I will kill you.
He asked me where my money was, but I
couldn't utter a word. Tfren he searched
under the pillow and put his hand down
under the mattress. At CBe foot of the
bed he found $8 in silver.
"He moved away from the bed for a mo
ment, and I gave a gasp which was half
a scream. This frightened him, and he
made a run for the hallway. As he passed
out into the street he closed the door with
a bang that shook the house and awoke
the other tenants. I don't remember any
thing after that.
"The man was about medium height and
stout. He had on a broken derby hat and
a light sack suit. He was rather good
looking and had a mustache. His eyes
and complexion I could not see. aa he
held the lantern low and threw the light
on the bed." .„_
Mrs. Sanchez's son notified the Seven
teenth-street police station, and Officers
J A Fitzgerald and R. F. Graham have
been detailed on --- c case. Officer Fitz
gerald says that Mrs. Sanchez told him
Ft was part of her rent the robber stole
and that the man knew the premises well
and evidently expected to make a hauL
SINGING OF
PODDIE ROSS
Miss Poddie Ross sang in the Baldwin
Theater yesterday afternoon to a num
erous audience largely made up of the
folk of the musical and theatrical pro
fession. Everybody that attended had
read more or less about her — especially
the announcement which proclaimed her
voice superior to Melba's and Nordlca's—
and everybody was curious, to say the
least, to measure the quality of her art
and talent. Miss Ross had only to sing
a few bars of the big Violetta scene from
"Traviata" and Melba and Nordlca were
thought of no more. There is really no
need for dragging them Into the ques
tion. Miss Robb has her own voice, her
own schooling, her own personality, and
she should have been announced and ad
vertised on the strength of these— it
would have been only fair and kind. For
Miss Ross does nothing in the vocal way
that would seem to court comparison
with these singers. She possesses a
young, limber soprano, easily poised and
fluent in the upper register, quit birdie
in its tone and capable now and then of
really brilliant coloratura work; but there
is not much stamina in any of her sus
tained notes, and in the legato passages
of the "Traviata" excerpt she sar.g un
mistakably out of the key. The "Night
ingale" song by Alableffe and the "Lak
me" legend sounded the brilliancies of
her voice to better advantage. They were
charmingly given. Had Miss Ross been
more modestly Introduced her success
would have been greater. But even as it
was the audience soon accepted her at
her proper value— a clever girl of 23, with
study, musical sympathy, strength and
a future ahead of her.
A notable feature of the concert was
Hugo Mansfeldt's performance of Liszt's
E flat concerto. Mr. Mansfeldt is in no
sense a sensational pianist; often he is
too miniature; but he has delicacy, form,
conscience and almost unchallengeable
technique, and these qualities were splen
didly brought to bear on the Liszt piece.
Among the shorter pieces played by Mr.
Mjmsfeldt was one unfamiliar to me and
written, I am told, by the player. It is
very poetic and delightfully constructed,
and in the rendition the player did the
composer full justice. Mr. yon der Mehden
led the orchestra of thirty-five without
any conspicuous disaster.
ASHTON STEVENS.
Asthma, bronchitis, catarrh cure guarant'd. Dr.
Gordin, Sanitarium, SHPine, nr. Kearny. S.F. Cal.
SACRED HEART CHURCH FAIR.
Formal Opening Made Last Evening
Before an Immense Audience.
The charitable bazaar in aid of the Sa
cred Heart Church was formally opened
last evening at Armory Hall, corner of
Page and Gough streets, by Mayor Phe
lati.
In opening the fair the Mayor intro
duced an effort on the part of tho clergy
of the church which has for its object the
raising of funds for the completion of the
new Sacred Heart Church, lately dedicat
ed to the service of God on the corner of
Page and Fillmore streets.
The address by the Mayor was both elo
quent and interesting, as it reviewed the
noble work of the pastor of the church
and complimented his success in securing
for the people of his parish a house of
worship to which they can look with
pride.
Immediately after the address the
wheels, as it were, of the fair were put
in motion and the work for which it has
been designed formally begun by a host
of pretty girls, who showed their tact,
srkill and gentle persuasion in the disposal
of the various wares with which their
different booths abounded.
In honor of the occasion an elaborate
programme was presented, which includ
ed the remii ,on of music, both vocal and
instrumental, and many other like at
tractions which go to make a perfect pro
gramme of interest and enjoyment.
The fair will be open every evening un
til further notice, and the general public
is cordially invited to attend, if for noth
ing more than to obtain a vle'wr of the glo
rious interior decoration of the hall, a
real work of art, executed entirely by the
ladies in charge of the different booths.
WILL BE A GKEAT SUCCESS.
Present Outlook for St. Patrick's
Grand Bazaar — Additional
Features.
St. Patrick's Bazaar is still receiving
liberal encouragement, and It is now safe
to predict that, with the continuation of
the nightly attendance which has thus
far characterized it, the success antici
pated by its founder, Father Brennan,
will be realized.
An interesting and entertaining pro
gramme has been arranged for each even
ing.
The Fire Department.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon and flned D. McAullff, hoseman
of Engine 8, ten days' pay for appearing
at his quarters in an intoxicated condi
tion. P. J. MeCabe, hoseman* of Engine
34, was dismissed from the department
for neglect of duty. Th* resignations of
James A. Corwell, driver of Chemical En
gine 3, and Eugene H. Oasserly, hoseman
of Engine 3S, were accepted, and Thomas
E. Casserly was appointed hoseman of
Engine 33 and John Johnston driver of
Chemical Engine 3.
Alhambra Theater Sued.
The Alhambra Theater Company has
been sued by Raver's Collection Agency
for a goods bill of $75. due Miller Bros.,
and $90 due Belle Spanier.
Lurllno Salt Water Baths.
Bush and - Larkin ats. ■ Swimming;. Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Bait water direct from ooeaa.
HIS STAR TO
BE DIMMED OF
ITS LUSTER
Charge Made Against
a Special.
THOMAS KELLY IN TROUBLE
WHILE INTOXICATED HE AR
RESTS AN INNOCENT MAN.
John A- Phillips, a Well-Known Citi
zen, Abased and Thrown in
Prison by a Peace
Guardian.
Special Officer Thomas TV. Kelly, who
has a beat in Hayes Valley, will in all
probability be relieved of his star at the
next meeting of the Police Commission
ers.
Late Wednesday night Kelly, who was
under the influence of liquor, placed John
A. Phillips, a well-known drayman, under
arrest for disturbing: the peace. The
officious special was Informed that a row
was in progress at Ivy avenue and
Franklin street, and, going to the place,
he encountered Phillips. "Without at
tempting to ascertain the cause of the
trouble Kelly, evidently anxious to make
a record, seized Phillips by the arm and
told him he was under arrest. Phillips
tried to explain that he was not a party
to the row, and asked to be released.
With an oath the special tightened his
grip on his arm and started to take his
prisoner to police headquarters.
When opposite the Central station Kelly
took Phillips to a saloon and compelled
him to buy the drinks. After they had
emerged from the saloon Sergeant Mc-
Manus, who is acquainted with Phillips,
realizing that the special had made amis
take in arresting the drayman, asked him
for an explanation.
Kelly replied that Phillips had commit
ted a serious breach of the peace and
that he intended to lock him up. Phillips
appealed to McManus not to allow the
special to throw him in prison, claiming
he was innocc-nt of the charge attributed
to him.
"Keep your face closed if you are next
to yourself," angrily retorted Kelly. "I'm
hot here for my health."
Phillips again started to explain that
the special had made a mistake, when
the latter roughly caught him by the arm
and started with him for the City Prison.
McManus waited until Kelly had booked
his prisoner for disturbing the peace, and
then, accosting the special, invited him to
go over to the Southern station. Lieuten
ant Hannah was in charge at the time,
and, seeing Kelly's condition, he at once
deprived him of his star.
Yesterday formal charges were pre
ferred against the special.
When Phillips' case was called in Judge
Mogan's court yesterday morning Kelly
failed to appear and the charge against
the drayman was dismissed.
Trained Nurses Graduate.
The graduation exercises of trained
nurses at the Children's Hospital on Sac
ramento street took place last evening.
The hall was beautifully decorated and
was filled with friends and relatives of
the young ladies. The following was the
programme: Prayer, Rev. Mr. Nash of
Carson City. Nevada; song, Mrs. Walter
Fonda; address, \V. McMonagle; sone
Malcon Freiser; song. Miss Mary Clink
and address and of diplomas
Mrs. Harrington. The graduates were'
Clara Salmon. Bertha Marsden, Halcyon
Hancock. Helene Mahlum, Mathilda
Laemmell. Mary Vanderbeek Millie
Hitchcock and Kate Snead.
Feast of St. Francis.
The patronal feast of St. Francis Church
will be celebrated next Sunday. There will
be a Bolemn high mass at 11 o'clock. In
the evening after vespers the panegyric
of the saint will be preached by Rev.
Father Raphael, O. 8. F., of St. An
thony's Church, this city.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
we ask every sales person to put their whole heart and
soul into pleasing tae* customer. We believe they do.
" to-day is a good day to buy what you want for to-morrow
and Sunday — remember three things — our concert 2 to 5
Saturday, we close at 6, and for Monday read Sunday's ad.
end of the week attractions :
/•nrtifnrtprc five cases just in; full !ricll the very latest and a
COlUlOllcrs size. silkoline covered, j » •*« . most complete stock *
«1 1$ t>«rh fißured both sides. wool neckwear ruches 38c, in many va-
)!./d eaCll. knotted, white cotton UCWKWCar rieties, to .$3 50
filled— extra good value. 25c t0 $7.58. 2 abot . in a" degrees of
•^ l " •*'•*'"• fancy 75c t0 $4
four-in-hand stocks ROc to $2 60
* >a\ittir 1500 yds bleached toweling, stock collars. 2:,.- to $150
tOWeiing 16 inches wide, all linen, the new Admiral fronts.... $1 50 to $2 25
In *, n *\ colored border, worth 8 l-3c. full fronts $125 to $4
IQ yard. - chiffon cape collarette $2 50 to $7 50
and a complete assortment of ostrich
muslin one c , ase HS t^7SSt '<%?% °^^ u">™-™u ">™-™ -
niUbllll 36 inches wide, soft finish,
5c yard, ESSX'iSt 'fficV '^ 't; in oar gftsMS: I'/?^"!:
quite a draw. perfmnery site preparation for cool-
periUlUCry ing and so ftening the
children's rttfßttrtStWt^ swasraa mi
• r,u n i,. lar trimmed with braid, Hudnut s cold cream of cucumber
iaCKetS large buttons, box C? en and orange flower for beautifying the
C 1 en *«. «C front, sizes 6to 12.. **■«"' face, curing tan, chap, sunburn, en,,
$2.5(1 tO &• per jar WG
a reefer coat in two-toned royal blue Hudnut's liquid rouge en-,
and black cloth, high storm col- J^tjQ awt
lar * - in nnr wood violet toilet pow-
1111I III UUI der for toilet, nur- eft-
a red and black boucle cloth jacket !f n j| e f scry or bath 3UC
with slashed sailor collar, ele- S5 AA ■ lvu^ l x . r> w„ . A t . ■
gantly braided :. v; W i preparations gr-bYautlfying^nr^
Aan 1 * preserving the teeth *«C
cola nf It's a plain story— we or- UCp I.
Sale 01 dered 200 dozen 3-clasp eyebrow pencils in brown and IB-
raiahraiaA Jouvin gloves to sell at black WV
celebrated u™^pri« of »»: wh« Hl^ MTOIIS powder
JOUVin we found we had received for hardening the gums and im- fz c
, J.button gloves in error; Parting fragrance to the breath.. «C
gIOVeS of course the kid is the Dr> Par ker Pray's Rosaline for in
«l X «*ir Bame and the Ice °, u&ht face, nails or lips . I9C
>|.Zb pair, to be the same, but clasps '
are more worn than buttons, so we of- 1 Hudnut s cuticle acid— those who
fer these gloves, 14 colors, plain JJ 7? carefully manicure their nails en,,
or embroidered backs, all sizes.. J^ know its use 3UC
ask for McCall paper patterns.
937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market St.
"Whole families trade here."
Perfect? No.
Near it? Think so.
Nearest? Yes.
Schilling s Best baking
powder.
DELAHY HAS
ENOUGH OF
GOLD BRICKS
Intimates That More
Are in Sight.
RAGAN'S REMARKABLE OFFER
WOULD LEASE HALF OF STAN
YAN-STBEET PROPERTY.
The Matter to Come Up Again To-
Day at a Meeting of the
Health and Police
Committee.
There -will be a meeting of the Health
and Police Committee of the Supervisors
to-day at which Captain P. M. Delany
will have something to say regarding the
lease for Devany's Stanyan-street cyclery,
which School Director Ragan was In such
a rush to have recorded last Monday, that
he forgot to acknowledge his own signa
ture to the instrument, although he per
formed that office for the five Supervisors,
parties of the second part.
Captain Delany will not give out an
advance sheet of his speech; he will not
even outline it, but from the nature of
his remarks to the assembled deputies in
the Recorder's office, when he learned that
the document had been filed, and from
what he has let drop on the subject since
then, his discourse is expected to be upon
lines something like these:
"Fellow members of the Health and
Police Committee: As you are doubtless
aware, I have discovered a couple of par
ties who are selling gold bricks in San
Francisco, and ttiat the city and county
has invested in one of these eye-ticklers.
D. F. Ragan and J. J. McDade are the
brass-bullion merchants, and it is pal
pable that they are new to the business,
even though we did Invest in their wares.
"Now, gentlemen, I wish to say that I
was flim-flammed into signing this lease
for the Stanyan-street police station. It
was a clear case of bunco. I supposed 1
was signing some resolution to go before
the board and the insinuation that those
fellows opened wine for me before l
signed it does me a gross injustice; those
fellows wouldn't uncork a bottle or im
ported beer. , _ ... .
"What 1 want to say. is this: I think
these fellows are getting scared and we
can make better terms for that lease than
the present arrangements. v\ ny, «a«an
came to me the other day and suggested
that we only take part of the b ull £ing-
He said it was altogether too large for a
police station in that district, and if we
took, say, half of it. we could get it for
$125 a montU. Now, there s an idea for
you. We can get the whole building for
$166 or half of It for $125. Having sold us
one' gold brick he thinks we are crying for
another. And it may be he has another
victim in sight, who is panting for a
change to pay him $125 a month for the
other half of the place, giving him an
income of $250 from the property instead
of $166 under .the terms of the lease he
was so anxious to get on record I don't
understand this man Ragan, but I guess
he knows his business.
This and a lot more the Supervisor from
the Third is expected to say, all of which
will make choice reading for the taxpay
pt4 CaDtain Delany spent much of the
time yesterday at the City Hall, but had
little to say about the lease. He did
make a few statements however, tha«
were most interesting. He was asked
how he learned about the document being
in existence If he was not aware that he
S was in the board meeting Monday."
answered the captain. "Supervisor Clin
ton came to me and asked why I had
sisned It I denied having done any such
thing and he insisted that I had. I was
so positive I had done nothing of the
kind that I said: 'If any man says I
signed that lease he lies.' Clinton stuck
to It, however, and I rushed over to the
Recorder's office to see if It was there.
DR PIERCES 1
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD,LIYER,LLIfVGS.
And I found it," he added, reflectively.
"What are you going to do about It?"
I can't say until the committee meets
to-morrow. Then I shall probably have
something to say about these gold-brick
peddlers."
"Captain, It seems the matter has finally
passed the board after ail. What objec
tion have you to the lease as It stands''"
Delany broke into a laugh. "Say, you
ought to see Jt," he finally answered.
It s a daisy."
'I understand that Ragan has not ac
knowledged it, that none of the commit
tee acknowledged it, that it shows evi
dence of having been tampered with af
ter having been signed and besides it
does not bind Ragan to anything, while
McDade does not figure in it at aIL Is
there anything else the matter with it?"
"Say, my boy, how many pieces of
paper is that lease written on?"
"Three, not including the County Clerk's
acknowledgement."
"Well, don't you know that such docu
ments are usually embodied on one piece
of paper?" and the captain winked as he
walked off to find a secluded place where
in to rehearse his speech for to-day.
THE WIDBER TRIAL
NEARING A CLOSE
THE FINAL ARGUMENT OF THE;
DEFENSE CONCLUDED.
Attorney Peixotto Pleads for Mercy
and Asks a Careful Delibera- J
tion of the Testimony;  •
Presented.
■ - /
The closing argument in defense of ex-
Treasurer Widber for the embezzlement
of $118,000 of the city funds was presented
to the jury yesterday afternoon by Attor
ney Edgar D. Peixotto. The main point
emphasized in the exhaustive review of
the alleged weakness of the evidence in
troduced by the prosecution was that' th»
confession made by the prisoner in the
presence of Mayor Phelan, the Auditor
and other municipal officers was not vol
untarily given by Widber, but was wrung
and forced from him in a moment of de
spondency and when he was in no condi
tion to judge the assertions he made. It
was forced from him " It was claimed,
when the defendant was absolutely Ignor
ant of the meaning of the questions asked.
"He was dragged from his home," said
the attorney, "by this ambitious and as
tute Mayor for the purpose of covering
the latter's tracks by being forced : to
make a confession." i
The actual fact that Widber had made
a confession was claimed as no criterion
that he had committed the crime.
In concluding the argument Peixottu
said:
"You can't drag a man from his homa
where he is suffering from despondency
and mental disease and extort answers
from him. Such an outrage is not gov
ernment; it is tyranny.
"The case is before you— judge it. I ask
no sympathy, but I plead for the princi
ples of liberty. You never can regret do
ing right: you never can regret being
charitable. Remember, gentlemen, the
suffering of the boy's motner. who cries
out to you in her sorrow: 'Take not from
me my boy on such flimsy and unsub
stantial testimony.' "
During the morning session of the trial
an argument was presented by Attorney
Charles H. Wilson, representative o*. the
Fidelity and Deposit Company of Balti
more, surety on Widber's bond. He ex
plained that there could be no possible
douot concerning the truth of the charge
that Widber had embezzled the money,
had confessed to the embezzlement in
public, and that his subsequent denials of
the facts admitted were false to a degree,
his was a case in which mere sentiment
should play no part, in the counsel's opin
ion; it was a question of simple justice
merely.
At the conclusion of Mr. Wilson's ad
dress Edgar D. Peixotto spoke. Actlnp
District Attorney John A. Hosmer w'l
make the concluding argument for th«
prosecution this morning.
Joaquin Miller to Lecture.
Having completed the construction of
his funeral pyre and arranged for tha
disposition of his remains, no matter in'
what clime death may overtake him Joa
quln Miller, the poet of the Sierras, is
planning an extended tour of the world
Previous to his starting on the journey'
however the frontier bard will deliver 100
lectures in the cities of the East, the con
tract for which has just been signed by
the gentleman who is managing the lec
ture tour of T. de Witt Talmaee In his
trip around the world Mr Milfer win be
accompanied by his son-in-law, Harr
\\agner. They will first proceed to
Europe an-i after spending some months
there will visit Turkey and other Asiatic
countries, thence proceeding to Northern
Africa They are likely to be absent for
more than a year.