VOLUME L.XXXIII.— KG. 98.
MILLIONS TO BE GIVEN
FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE.
000000000000000000
o o
o The Montgomery lead- o
o ingthe Nashville. These ©
® two warships it was the °
o intention of the admin- o
o istration at Washington ©
2 to send with relief sup- °
o plies to the suffering o
q Cubans, but in defer- ®
5 ence to the sensitive °
o o
o feeling of the Spaniards o
8 this plan was changed ©
® and the supplies will be °
o sent by the little steam- o
ocr Fern. The Mont- g
g gomery will take the o
©place of the ill-fated©
2 Maine in Havana harbor. °
000000000000000000
THE NAVY NOW
BEING PUT IN
TRIM FOR WAR
It Is Apparent That the President
Feels the Country Is Facing*
a Very Grave Crisis at
This Moment,
NEW YORK. March 7.— A Wash
ington special to the Herald says: Stu
pendous preparations were inaugurated
to-day by Secretary Long to piace the
navy in a condition to defend the Unit
ed States in case of war. The prepara
tions are due to the confident belief of
the President and the Secretary of the
Navy that Congress will appropriate
the $50,000,000 "for national defense,"
as provided in the Cannon resolution.
In brief, the plans include the practical
completion of negotiations for buying
foreign-built warships subject to their
inspection by naval officers, who will
proceed abroad immediately, and the
determination to close the deals on this
condition at a conference to be held to
morrow; the issuance of orders to con
tractors to furnish enough munitions of
war to replenish the magazines of the
men-of-war now in commission in case
they should suddenly become exhaust
ed; the execution of agreements with
coal-dealers for a large supply of coal
to be shipped at once to Key West, and
the commencement of arrangements to
make further and larger contracts; the
dispatch of instructions to recruiting
rendezvous at New York, Philadel
phia and Norfolk, and to the command
ing officer of the United States ship
Michigan at Erie, Pa., to enlist as
many seamen, machinists and petty of
ficers, wit); a few landsmen, as it is
possible to obtain; orders to Comman
der E. C. Pendleton, the inspector of
ordnance at the Washington Navy
yard to place three shifts of men on
duty at the Washington gun foundry
and to keep them working every hour
in the twenty-four to assemble and fin
ish the guns building there; the forma
tion of crews and details of officers for
the commerce-destroyer Columbia, and
the proposition to forma flying squadron
composed of this vessefand the ar
mored cruisers Brooklyn and New
York, under the command of Comrao-,
The San Francisco Call
dore W. S. Schley; expedition of the
work of making repairs to vessels now
out of commission in order that they
may be available for service at the
earliest possible moment, and efforts
made to hasten the completion of ships
under construction.
Preliminary arrangements are being
made to form. details of officers for the
auxiliary steamers and the issuance of
orders to Assistant Naval Constructor
J. G. Tawresey to report to Lieutenant-
Commander J. D. J. Kelly at New
York, to assist him in the preparation
of plans for transforming merchant
steamers into auxiliary cruisers. The
purchase of nautical instruments and
equipments for vessels to take the place
of those which may be destroyed in the
event of hostilities and to be placed on
board the new ships which the depart
ment has in view is also provided for.
That the administration is preparing
to face a grave situation and that it in
tends to be ready when the emergency
comes is apparent from the prepara
tions. Preparations take time, and now
that the official sanction of the Presi
dent, with that of Congress to follow
to-morrow, has been given to their
making, the officials of the Navy De
partment are not delaying a moment in
their accomplishment.
This has been a busy day for officials
and for contractors. Secretary Long.
Captain O'Neill and Commander Brad
ford, the two last named gentlemen
Chief of the Bureau of Ordnance and
Chief of the Bureau of Equipment, have
been frequently in consultation with
contractors during the day, and have
been sending telegraphic and mail in
structions to dealers whose representa
tives were not on the ground to execute
additional contracts and to hasten the
work now in their shops.
The most significant development of
the day at the Navy Department was
that resulting from the conference held
by Secretary and Assistant Secretary
Roosevelt with Thomas F. Laae,.repre
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MARCH 8, 1898.
INSPECT SHIPS
ACROSS THE SEA.
NEW YORK, March 7.— A Wash
ington special to the Herald says:
Secretary Long gave orders this
afternoon to Commander W. H.
Brownson, now on duty as a mem
ber of the Board of Inspection and
Survey, to leave at once for Eng
land and France to inspect the ves
sels which have been offered to
this Government, and to report
without delay If they are suitable
for service in the United States
navy.
Commander Brownson will not
only look at vessels which have
been offered, but will examine
other warships under construction
for foreign nations, and should he
report that any are desirable and
ready for sea this Government will
undoubtedly enter into negotia
tions with the nations which or
dered the ships, looking to their
sale to the United States.
sentativc of Vickers Sons & Maxim.
Limited, of England, who have two
small battle-ships — one cruiser and one
torpedo-boat — for sale, and with a rep
resentative of Thornycroft, who has ar
rived in Washington and who has
placed four torpedo-boat destroyers at
the disposal of this Government.
It was intended by the department to
have Senator Hale, chairman of the
Senate Naval Committee, and Repre
sentative Boutelle, chairman of the
House Naval Committee, at the depart
ment to confer with the officials and
agents of foreign countries, but the
members of Congress failed to put in
an appearance, and the department was
compelled to postpone final action un
til to-morrow.
RIFLES SOLD TO
UNITED STATES FIRMS.
NBW YORK. March 7.— A special to
the Herald from Ottawa says: All
Snider, Enfield, Peabody and other
rifles now in store here have been sold
to firms in the United States. The
Sniders still in the possession of the
rural corps will not be called in until
some system is devised for the storing
the Lee-Enflelds in proper armories.
The Snider rifle was taken out of the
hands of the city battalions last year
when they were equipped with the new
Lee-Enfield magazine rifle. There are
also in store at Quebec and Montreal
stands of Martini-Henry rifles suffi
cient to arm 50,000 men, which have
never been in use. This rifle was sup
planted in the British army two years
ago by the Lee-Metford rifle.
First Gun for Narrowstone Point.
PORT TOWNSEND, March 7.— The
first gun for the defense of Puget
Sound arrived yesterday and was un
loaded to-day at Narrowstone Point,
where the United States fortifications
are in course of construction. The gun
will be placed in position as speedily
as possible. The gun is of ten-inch cal
iber, and it is stated that another gun
will arrive in ten da,ys.
PRESIDENT AND CONGRESS
GRIMLY GETTING READY
FOR WAR WITH SPAIN
NOT A CENT FOR TRIBUTE.
WASHINGTON, March 7.— There was still some talk at the Capitol
t to-day about the proposition that Cuba buy her freedom through the
i guaranteeing of bonds by the American Government. Several Sen*
• ators said it was too late for such a plan to be successful. The only
• statesman who discussed the subject said Congress would never give
i its consent to such a proposition. It would appropriate all the money
i necessary for a fight, but not one dollar with which to purchase free
• dom, now almost within Cuba's grasp.
MONTGOMERY
TO BE SENT TO
CUBA'S CAPITAL
Once More a Yankee Warship
Will Lie Grimly Under
the Guns of Morro
Castle.
WASHINGTON, March 7.— There
were no less than five important
events to-day having a bearing more
or less direct upon the troubled re
lations between the United States
and Spain, viz.: The introduction
in Congress by Cannon of a resolu
tion carrying $50,000,000 for the
purpose of defense ; the withdrawal
by the Spanish Government of its
intimated objection to the continu
ance in office of Consul-General Lee ;
the order of the cruiser Montgomery
to proceed to Havana in place of the
Fern; the passage through the
House of the bill increasing the
artillery arm by two regiments, and
the institution of negotiations look
ing to the purchase of warships for
our navy.
Cannon's resolution probably led
all other topics of interest, particu
larly when it became known that it
was the result of a conference be
tween the author, the President,
Senator Hale and other leading
spirits in Congress.
The decision of the Navy Depart
ment concerning the sending of ships
to Cuba was made known at 2
o'clock this afternoon, when the fol
lowing statement was posted by the
Bureau of Na vigation : •• Montgom
ery will relieve the Fern at Havana.
Fern will carry provisions to Ma
tanzas and Sagua la Grande. "
This conclusion was reached after
conferences between the officials cf
the State and Navy departments,
and is understood to be such an ad
justment as will not lead to further
objection by the Spanish Govern
ment.
The Fern is a dispatch boat with
out hea vy armanent or guns, although
she belongs to the navy and is tech
nically a naval vessel. »As she
comes as near being a transport as
anything in our naval service, her
selection will accord with the Span
TROUBLE FOR SPAIN
IN THE PHILIPPINES. *
<
LONDON, March B.— A dis- )
patch to the Daily Mail from }
Hongkong says that a fresh re- it
bellion has broken out in the it
Philippines, and that fifty-three t
Spanish soldiers have been )
killed. No further details are )
known at Hongkong. I
ish suggestion that a transport or
merchant ship undertake this car
riage of relief supplies.
The sending of the Montgomery
to Havana is primarily intended to
replace the Fern, which is now at
Havana. The Montgomery is an un
armored cruiser of 2089 tons, with
an armament of ten guns.
The plans of the Navy Depart
ment are to have' the Montgomery
start for Havana at once, in order
that the Fern may return to Key
West in time to take on the relief
supplies reaching there next Wednes
day. It will be the second visit of
the Montgomery to Cuba, as she has
only recently returned from a trip
to Santiago de Cuba and Matanzas.
Captain Crowninshield, chief of
the Bureau of Navigation, says that
no time has been fixed for the stay
of the Montgomery at Havana, as
the only decision thus far. reached
is that she will replace the Fern
there at present
The Montgomery will be the first
United States war ship at Havana
since the Maine disaster. The per
sonnel of the Montgomery is : Com
mander, Converse; lieutenant
commander and executive officer,
Bald ; navigator. Lieutenant Hutch
Contlnued on Second Page
STATESMEN BELIEVE
WAR IS INEVITABLE.
WASHINGTON, March 7.— The situation to-night is
more feverish than it has been at any time. The most
conservative men in Congress, who have heretofore be
lieved war impossible, say that a chain of events is
drawing steadily to hostilities between the two coun
tries. President McKinley has no critics in Congress.
Senator Cullom, who is a member of the Foreign Re
lations Committee, has for several days entertained the
opinion that Spain and the United States were rapidly
drifting into war. He was more outspoken to-day. "This
latest move of Spain is conclusive proof that the two
governments are going to fight," said he-
There was an understanding to-day that the Presi
dent will no longer attempt to conceal the facts, but that
every diplomatic move made between Spain and the
United States will be promptly bulletined, and that Con
gress will be informed of the developments as rapidly
as they occur. It is understood that the President is
considering the advisability of sending to Congress this
week the correspondence from American Consuls in
Cuba relating to the war, the progress of autonomy
plans and all other facts that have been called for by
the resolutions adopted by the two houses. The Presi
dent probably realizes that if he does not send a speedy
response to this request of Congress he may provoke a
quarrel, and possibly an introduction of the resolution
threatened by Senator Morgan a few days ago.
There Is no doubt that while inflammatory speeches
may be made, Congress is more !nc!irwu now than ever
before to wait upon the judgment of the President. The
Senators and members are fully alive to the President's
vigorous policy and are willing to trust the matter in
his hands since he made known his reply to Spain in
the Lee matter. But as Congress has the power of de
claring war, it will probably insist on being fully ad
vised of every step taken, not for the purpose of con
demning, but as a matter of right. The talk of both Re
publicans and Democrats indicates that all Ideas of
economy have vanished and that Congress will be
practically a unit in voting appropriations for national
defense.
SPANISH DIVERS
FIND PROOF OF
OUTSIDE EXPLOSION
Have So Reported Very Much to
the Consternation of the
Captain-General and
His Advisers.
BOSTON, Mass., March 7.— A Ha
vana special says: The Spanish div
ers supposed to be investigating the
causes of the Maine disaster for the
information of the Spanish Court of
Inquiry nave been proceeding in
such a leisurely fashion as to excite
comment. It was supposed at first
that the divers were simply follow
ing the usual Spanish methods of
doing nothing to-day which could be
postponed until to-morrow, and of
doing no more work than was abso
lutely forced upon them. Whereas,
our divers stay under water for three
hours, the Spaniards, after being
down twenty minutes or half an hour
come to the surface and rest for an
hour or so. Apparently they do more
talking and cigarette smoking than
diving.
I have it on unimpeacnable au
thority that there is considerable
method in this easy-go-lucky fash
ion of the Spaniards. They are all
good men and understand their busi
ness. Their first day's investigations
showed them that the Maine must
have been blown up from the out
side, and they so reported to their
superior officers.
The divers were then oruered to
continue their research in the hope
that a more careful study of the for
ward portion of the vessel might re
veal something on which to base an
opinion that the explosion was due
to internal causes. This further in
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
vestigation, instead of altering their
previous opinion, only tended to con
firm it. These reports have thor
oughly alarmed the palace, although
the farce of the divers' investigation
is still to be kept up to satisfy public
opinion and enable Spain to contro
vert the report of th« Sampson Court
of Inquiry by being able to present
a report of their own experts to sub
stantiate the Spanish claim that the
explosion was due to a lack of dis
cipline and negligence on tne part of
the officers of the Maine.
The Spanish divers have been or
dered to work as slowly as possible
to demonstrate the thoroughness of
their work compared with that of
our court so as to create the impres
sion in the minds of the Spanish
populace that the American court's
verdict exonerating Captain Sigsbee
and his officers of all blame is made
simply to shield them and cover up
the facts.
The Spaniards in their dense igno
rance will be more than ever certain
American navy officers do not know
how to handle their ships and they
will feel sure the Vizcaya and Almi
rante Oquendo, now in this harbor,
are more han a match for the entire
United States ravy.
This is not mere boasting; it
comes from the profound conviction
of the Spanish that the Americans
are cowards and can fight neither on
Coniiantd on Second Part.2
MILLIONS FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE
FOR TWO ADDITIONAL
ARTILLERY REGIMENTS
HAVVLEFS
BILL PASSED
IN THE HOUSE
All Parties United in
the Wave of Pa
triotism.
Political Lines Forgotten
When the Country's
Honor Is Involved.
So the Measure to Provide Men
to Man Defenses Is at
Once Approved.
ONLY THREE DISSENTERS
£}v: the True Spirit la Aroused in the
Breast of Every American
Statesman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rigrgs House,
Washington, March 7.
The spirit of patriotism was ram
pant in the House to-day and by al
most a unanimous vote the Hawley
bill providing for two additional regi
ments of artillery was passed under
suspension of the rules. No effort was
made to obstruct action, but Bailey,
the Democratic leader, pleaded for more
time than the forty minutes allowed
under the rules, and because it was
refused, after the bill had been passed,
he inaugurated a filibuster against Dis
trict of Columbia legislation that con
tinued ail day. Bailey desired to speak
in favor of the bill, but could not get
time.
Hull, in opening the debate, explained
briefly the necessity for these men to
man the coast defenses of the country.
By July 1, he said, 244 big guns and 232
mortars would be mounted. These gun 3
required eighteen men each to handle
them, and in time of war sixty. There
were 4025 artillerymen all told in the
service. The guns emplaced July 1
would require 7000, regardless of any
exigency that might ariee. Even if
no exigency arose these" men, he in
sisted, would be necessary to care for
the fortifications and guns upon which
we were expending millions of dollars.
The charge that this bill was an at
tempt to increase the standing a;my,
to be used possibly to overawe the
citizens, he said, he considered too friv
olous to discuss.
Cox, in opposing the bill, said he
would vote as cheerfully as any man
in the House for this bill, if it were
needed for the national defense as a
war measure, but he argued that the
Prtsident, as commander-in-chief of
the army, had authority to detail men
Iroin the other branches of the ser
vice, the cavalry and infantry, and that
such details could man and care for
the coast defenses without increasing
permanently the standing army.
Belknap (RJ of Illinois, a son of ex-
Secretary of War Belknap, and McClel
lan (D.) of New York, a son of Gen
eral McClellan, both warmly advo
cated the passage of the bill in brief
speeches, and Hay (D.) of Virginia cre
ated the first open enthusiasm by de
claring himself in favor of taking every
step necessary now to prepare for the
emergency which confronts the coun-
try.
Jones (D.) of Virginia, the other
Democrat who opposed the bill, in
sisted that the bill was. not a war meas
ure, as it had been recommended for
several years.
Shafroth of Colorado caused a round
of appHa-uae when he expressed his re
gret tnui a single voice should be raised
against such a bill at such a time.
There was no denying the fact that
our relations with Spain were on
•^he eve of a rupture. War ought to
be averted, if possible, but we ought
to prepare at once, he said, for every
emergency.
Williams (D.) of Mississippi said that
while his voice was now as ever for
peace it seemed absolutely certain that
Spain was forcing us into war to extri
cate the reigning family from the des
perate strait into which it was placed
by the futile attempts to subjugate
Cuba, He was for Cuban belligerency
und Cuban independence, and if war
was to come as a result of our sym
pathy for those who were struggling
for their freedom he would not refuse
to give his vote to any measure de
signed to prepare us to meet the en-
emy.
The time for debate expired at this
time, and Bailed, who had not been
able to g£t the floor, asked for unani
mous consent for three minutes.
Hepburn (R.) of lowa objected.
Lewis (D.) of Washington attempted
to offer an amendment prohibiting the
use of these two regiments to suppress
strikes.
The bill was then passed without di
vision.
The great chorus of ayes was offset
by three voices on the minority side —
Cox (D.) of Tennessee, Jones (D.) of
Virginia and Todd (Fusionist) of Mich
igan.
District of Columbia business was
then taken up. and Bailey, as a method
of resenting the refusal to accord him
the privilege of addressing the House
on the artillery bill, inaugurated a fili
bus'er. Roll call followed roll call for
two hours. When the confusion on the
lloor became such that order was called
for the Speaker requested all members
to take their seats.
Bailey retained his place on the floor.
Again the Speaker requested members
to take their seats.
"I take my seat," said Bailey, as he
finally sat down, "because the rules of
the House require it."
"The Speaker exercises no authority
except that conferred by the rules,"
said the Speaker. "He holds no other
authority and he exerts none."
There were several exchanges after
that, after one of which Bailtey, to the
accompaniment of Republican jeers and
Democratic applause, declared that he
could not be badgered by the Speaker.
MR. CANNON OF ILLINOIS.
SLOW WORK
OF THE COURT
OF INQUIRY
There May Be a Purpose
in Prolonging the Inves
tigation of the Maine's
Destruction.
HAVANA, March 7.— Another day
with Ensign PoAelson and the divers—
that In brief summarizes to-day's ses
sion of the court of inquiry. As has
become quite usual of late, Powelson
was the first witness summoned when
the court resumed business about 11
o'clock this morning. He remained with
the court in close conference less than
an hour, then two of the Government's
expert divers, Rundquist and Schloter,
who have been working during the week
at the forward end of the wreck direct,
under the supervision of Powelson and
Walnwright, weresommoned from their
work and called before the court of in
quiry. The testimony of these divers
covering their more recent discoveries
was gone over in great detail and illus
trated by drawings prepared by Powel
son, the ensign, who has become so
conspicuous in the work of the court
that he is now almost as familiar a
figure on board the Mangrove as Cap
tain Sigsbee.
Chief Engineer Howell of the Maine
was before the court also for a few
minutes during the morning session.
From this time on until the court has
finished its work at Havana its time is
likely to be given almost exclusively to
Powelson and the divers.
These amphibious fellows are doing
splendid work now and their reports
will doubtless strongly influence the
views of the court of inquiry. Andrew,
who is one of the sturdiest of naval
divers among the Americans, has made
a remarkable record of actually work
ing under water a total of about twen
ty-eight hours in one week. Others
have done nearly as well. These men,
in addition to their regular pay as en
listed men in the navy, receive extra
compensation of $1 20 per hour for all
time actually spent in submarine work.
Their task has been a peculiarly ardu
ous one owing to the inextricable con
fusion of the whole interior of the ship
after the explosion. Life lines and air
pipes are continually becoming fouled
on some projecting piece of wreck
age, but since much of this obstructive
material haa now been removed and
loaded on lighters their task is grad
ually becoming easier. All the Ameri
can divers usually stop work for the
noon hour. The Spanish divers, how
ever, not infrequently go right ahead
with their work after the Americans
have come to the surface. At such
times the lithe figure and bronzed face
of Gunner Charles Morgan may always
be seen perched on the end or side of
the divers' barge for all the world like
the lone fisherman in Evangeline. He is
watching the progress of the Spanish
divers, and nothing these active fellows
bring to the surface ever seems to es
cape his sharp eyes. When one man
recently came up with a six-inch pow
der cylinder and showed it to Morgan
the latter actually secured a snapshot
photograph of the diver in the act. The
utmost good feeling seems to prevail
between the Spanish and American di
vers. They work harmoniously side by
side.
The probable duration of the court's
sojourn in Havana remains a more
profound mystery than ever.
"How long is the court likely to stay
here?" was the question I put flatfoot
ed to Captain Sampson this afternoon
on the deck of the Mangrove.
"I wish you could tell me that," was
the reply of the court's president. I
made one more cast in hope of landing
some definite information. "But, cap
tain," I said, "Should you think it pre
mature if a person like myself, desir
ous of closely following the court's
movements, should venture to pur
chase a ticket for Key West by next
Wednesday's steamer."
I record Captain Sampson s some
what oracular reply just as he gave it
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 8, 1808.
me. "It might be easier," said he, "for
you to purchase a plentiful supply of
summer clothing." I have recorded the
answer. I am not bold enough to try
to interpret it. Assuming, however,
that for good reasons the Washington
authorities are not quite prepared to
receive the court's report, it will readi
ly be seen that no better way could be
devised to protract the court's session
until the time should be ripe for its re
port than by calling the divers before
it from day to day and studying draw
ings and diagrams prepared by Powel
son Illustrative of their progress. This
plausible process of making haste
slowly could be protracted easily
enough until one's summer clothes
were all worn out. Nevertheless I am
disposed to believe Captain Sampson's
remark was intended in a Pickwickian
sense at present I understand, because
a summer wardrobe available in Ha
vana is not at all extensive.
Although the apparently reliable re
port heard here to the effect that
Spain's alleged demand for the recall
of Lee was known at the American
consulate last night I know Lee knew
nothing of the story until the news
papers in the United States queried
correspondents here about it. It Is now
reported here, nevertheless, that Spain
did ask his recall, but has since with
drawn the request and the incident is
therefore closed.
MONTGOMERY
TO BE SENT TO
CUBA'S CiPITAL
Continued from First Page.
ings; watch officers, Lieutenant
Field and Ensigns Steiguer, Spear
and Osborne; surgeon, Dr. Curtis;
paymaster, Ramsay ; chief engineer,
Reeves; assistant engineer, Allen.
The ship carries a crew of 228 men
of all classes.
Secretary of War A/ger had a con
ference with Speaker Reed at the
latter's hotel early this morning.
The Secretary of War called upon
Mr. Reed about 9 o'clock and re
mained with him half an hour. They
went over the existing situation
thoroughly and reached a perfect
understanding. The Speaker as
sured the Secretary that the House
would projvptly act upon any
measure deemed necessary by the
administration in preparing for an
emergency. He assured the Secre
tary that the House could be relied
upon to support the administration.
DEATH AT LOS GATOS.
William De Witt Tisdale Passes
Away After a Long Illness.
SAN JOSE, March 7.— William De Witt
Tisdale, a retired banker of this city,
died at his home at Los Gatos last even
ing after a lingering Illness.
Mr. Tisdale was born in Utica, N. V., In
1845. He arrived In California with his
parents In ISSO, graduated from Santa
Clara College in 1863. and then engaged in
mining in Nevada County. Tisdale came
to this city in 1871. He became cashier
when the First National Bank was or
ganized in 1874, and subsequently became
its president. He was heavily interested
in the Electric Improvement Company
and the San Jose Water Company. Three
years ago ill-health compelled him to re
tire from business. A widow and four
children survive him.
INCREASE OF
THE ARTILLERY
No Time to Be Lost in
Carrying Out the
New Bill.
Plenty of Good Men Ready to
Join the Two New
Regiments.
Lieutenant - Colonels Williston and
Sinclair to Wear Eagles— Others
Will Be Promoted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 7.— A Wash
ington special to the Herald says: No
time was lost to-day by the War De
partment in making preparations to
carry into effect the immediate pro
visions of the artillery bill and to in
crease the strength of coast defenses
and the supply of war material in an
ticipation of the national defense ap
propriation bill. These preparations
were:
Telegraphic instructions to officers in
charge of the sixteen general recruiting
stations and at army posts to enlist de
sirable men for the new Sixth and Sev
enth regiments of artillery.
Instructions to commanding officers
of artillery posts to furnish lists of
privates eligible for appointment as
non-commissioned officers of new regi
ments and to commandants of all posts
to hold troops in readiness to move at
a few hours' notice.
Transmission to the President of
nominations of Lieutenant-Colonels E.
B. Williston, Third Artillery, and Wil
liam Sinclair, Fifth Artillery, to be
colonels commanding the new artillery
regiments, and nominations of result
ing promotions throughout the artillery
branch of the service.
Selection of temporary headquarters
of new artillery regiments, the Sixth at
Fort Sloeum, N. V., and the Seventh at
Fortress Monroe, Va.
Encouraged by the passage of the ar
tillery bill by the Senate on Washing
ton's birthday, the department had
made every arrangement to facilitate
the rapid organization of the addi
tional regiments, and was consequently
prepared to carry out the provisions
of the bill as soon as it passed the
House.
The enlistment of artillerymen for
the new regiments will be an easy mat
ter and the department authorities be
lieve that 1610 additional enlisted men
can be recruited within th»^ next two
or three weeks. During the last two
or three years recruiting stations- have
been obliged to reject the applications
of more than 1000 eligible men per
month, and at this time there is likely
to be no difficulty in readily procuring 1
a full complement of men of intelli
gence and military aptitude. As fast
as new men ar« enlisted at recruiting
stations and army posts they will be
sent to the recruit rendezvous at Fort
Sloeum, N. V.. Columbus Barracks,
Ohio, Jefferson Barracks, Missouri and
Fort Sheridan. Illinois. Thence the re
cruits will be detailed to the head
quarters of the new regiments at Fort
Sloeum and Fi>rt Monroe and the bat
teries of the five old regiments.
"To be armed for war," said General
Miles, "is likely to insure pence. The
passage of the artillery bill and propo
sitions for appropriation for national
defense are >nly steps that should
have been taken long ago when there
was no war cloud on the horizon. With
the new facilities we shall be able to
adequately equip and man the new sea
coast fortifications and purchase guns
and ammunition. The department will
immediately jlace contracts for all
necessary supplies and will employ
manufacturers not regularly equipped
for ordnance manufacturing that the
work may be hastened. No one is more
happy than I to see this new evidence
of wisdom on the part of Congress. ]
have long labored to show the necessi
ties of our defenseless condition, and I
begin to see some results of my efforts."
SPANISH DIVERS
FIND PROOF OF
AN EXPLOSION
Continued from First Page.
land nor sea. The Spanish press
and public men carefully foster this
delusion. Private advices received
by Americans here that the admin
istration discourages the thought of
demanding a sharp accounting from
Spain and intimating that the testi
mony developed by the Court of In
quiry has been negative rather than
positive causes intenre but sup
pressed indignation in the American
colony. The return of the Court of
Inquiry to Havana and the further
testimony elicited has not brought
forth any evidence to show the al
most absolute impossibility of explo
sion having come from the inside.
On the contrary it confirms and re
enforces the previously expressed be
lief of every one cognizant of the fact
that a mine of some description
caused the wreck. There is no real
reason why the court should waste
any more time taking testimony. It
has now as much evidence as it will
ever have and enough on which to
base a reasonable conclusion.
As previously cabled, all hope of
raising the hull of the Maine and
floating her out of Havana harbor
has been practically abandoned. One
of the divers who knows more about
tne condition of the vessel below the
water line than any other man tells
me that the Maine will find a grave
in the mud of this harbor.
Came to California in '46.
GILROY, March 7.— Mrs. Caroline Pat
terson House, wife of Ezekiel House, died
last evening, aged 55 years. Mrs. House
came to California in 1846, just ahead of
the noted Dormer party. Her father died
on the summit of the Sierras. She re
sided in Sacramento until I*sß. when she
married Ezekiel House, a resident of Gil
roy Township. Twelve children were
born to them, eleven surviving her.
PLENTY OF POWDER
AND PROJECTILES
McNAIR MAY COMMAND THE FLEET.
HOW CONFLICTS
ARE GENERALLY
PRECIPITATED
In the Event of War With Spain
the First Duty of the United
States Would Be to Protect
Its Diplomats.
NEW YORK, March 7.— A Washington
Bpeclal to the Herald says: In view of
the strained condition of affairs be
tween the United States and the Span
ish kingdom the actual status of our
representatives in Spanish ports in
the event of war being declared by
either nation becomes a matter <>t
timely interest. It seems somewhat ex
traordinary, but it is a fact of history
that many wars, and among' them
some of the most important in history,
have been inaugurated without the
formality of a declaration of war on
either side. Not infrequently the first
intimation one of the belligerents has
had of a state of war has been th«
blockade of a port, or the capture of
a peaceful merchantman on the high
seas, or some other overt act indicat
ing that a state of war had material
ized.
From present appearances it seems
that any declaration of war must of
necessity come from the Spanish side
of the controversy. It is impossible to
foresee just how a state of war will
be indicated, whether by an attempt
to blockade some exposed port— and it
may be asserted without fear of con
tradiction that our coasts are full of
just such places— or by the seizure of
some merchantman in a Cuban port,
or perhaps the spark may be lighted in
the harbor of Havana itself by an at
tack on some small warship flying the
Stars and Stripes in that port. In
whatever shape the outbreak does be
gin the first duty of the United States
Government will be to see that the
various Consuls, Ministers and others
in our diplomatic service are insured
safe conduct to their own country, to
gether with such records and papers
as they may see fit to carry with them.
In case of an outbreak of hostilities
between the two nations there is not
much doubt that the first papers sub
mitted for action by our Government
will be a presentation of the passports
of Consul-General Lee at Havana.
Should war be unavoidable there will
probably be se?n a sight such as his
tory will search in vain for precedents;
our numerous Consulates and other
diplomatic stations will undoubtedly
be turned over to the care and custody
of Englishmen holding a similar posi
tion nearest at hand. It has come to
be the feeling throughout the world
that these two English-speaking na
tions should shake hands in the face of
all misfortunes which may come to
either nation.
A declaration of war is not a neces
sity for that expensive game to begin,
for Just as soon as either side to the
controversy feels that forbearance has
ceased to be a virtue so soon a state
of war will exist. For political pur
poses nations of Europe have generally
exerted their efforts to make the
"other feller" begin the fight officially.
It will be remembered with what suav
ity the German Prime Minister egged
on the French Emperor to a final dec
laration of wnr, a just precedent to the
tremendous* #.ruggle which has gone
doTn to history as the "Franco-Prus
sian" war. Events which have ma
terialized within the last few days in
dicate beyond a doubt that in case of
war with Spain the United States will
strike a sudden and hwvy hlmv at
Spanish possessions in the Philippine
Islands And it goes equally without
skying that the signs of the times in
dicate a willingness of Japan to assist
us morally at least, in that part of the
world with an eye to the immediate
future of those productive islands as
an extension of its policy with regard
to Formosa. Of course it Is easier for
a King to declare war than it is for a
constitutional President, but our Pres
ident has shown such good sense in
this, as in other important matters,
that the country stands prepared to
uphold him in whatever he shall deem
best for the country's good. And what
is vastly more to the point, Congress
will fall into line in the same direc
tion. In this case "whatever the Presi
dent does is right." It may be stated
that prudence will dictate the speedy
home coming of our various Consuls
and other representatives on Spanish
territory, for experience has shown
that the average Spaniard is somewhat
prone to treachery and taking the law
into his own hands when he sees a
good chance.
HAVANA IS QUIET
BEFORE THE STORM.
While Spaniards Make Merry Ameri
cans Besiege General Lee for
Information.
Copyrighted. ISSS. by Jain^s Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA. March ".—lt may be the
quiet preceding the storm, but the fact
remains that Havana is quieter to-day
than at any time since the Maine dis
aster. Carnival merrymakers filled
Central Park last night, giving no
thought to trouble. Americans were
disturbed by the wild rumors from New
York and Washington, and Consul-
General Lee was besieged for informa
tion. He was indignant at the reckless
use of his name, and declared he had
heard nothing about being persona
non grata to the Madrid authorities.
On the contrary, the relations were ex
tremely pleasant. The Consul-General
received a hysterical demand from the
sensational press to give protection to
correspondents threatened with depor
tation. Rumor mentions the names of
only three correspondents, two of the
New York Journal and one of the New
York World, and they have for three
years espoused the cause of the insur
rection. They have been in the field
with the insurgents and have expected
to be ordered from Cuba for some time
It is said they will be instructed to
leave on Wednesday's or Saturday's
steamer, and if Lee's advice is followed
they will go without a protest. The
Havana papers are moderate in tone
being satisfied with chronicling the
routine news here and in Spain and in
the United States. There is no truth in
the rumored resignation from the au
tonomist cabinet of Eduardo Dolz
Minister of Public Works.
SPAIN BACKS OUT
WITH A WEAK BACK.
Confesses the Bequest for the Recall
of General Lee Was Made on a
Misapprehension.
WASHINGTON, March 7. —It is
learned that Spain's suggestion of
Lee's recall was originally made upon
a misapprehension, which was due to
a newspaper report. This report was
to the effect that General Lee had ex
pressed the opinion to a newspaper
correspondent that the Spanish author
ities were responsible for the disaster
to the Maine. Accepting this report aa
\to Lee's expression as accurate, the
Spanish Prime Minister brought the
matter to Minister Woodford's atten
tion, making at the time the suggestion
that General Lee's recall would be
gratifying to Spain.
It did not require a great while for
Spain to discover that General Lee had
been, according to the United States
authorities, incorrectly reported. Be
fore this discovery was made, howev
er, the reply of President McKinley re
fusing to heed the suggestion and ex
pressing a determination to keep Lee at
his post was received. Spain then re
tired from her position, basing her re
tirement upon the ground that the
original suggestion had been founded
upon a misapprehension of facts.
Joseph Behrens Dead.
SAN JOSE, March 7. -Joseph Behrens.
a retired capitalist, died at the New York
Exchange yesterday afternoon. He was a
native of Germany, and 74 years of age.
He had been in California about thirty
years, and for the past twelve years
lived in this city. He had no relatives in
California.
Chief Justice Davie Dead.
VICTORIA. March 7.— Hon. Theodore
Davie. Chief Justice of British Columbia,
died this morning. The cause of his
death was heart disease.
VERY BIG
ORDERS IRE
UNDER WAY
Prompt Action Has
Been Taken by
O'Neill.
Seized Advantage of All
Opportunities to Equip
the Navy.
Has Also Gathered a Larga
Supply of the Latest Im
proved Guns.
VESSELS NOT DEFICIENT
Uncle Sam in Much Better Shape for
War Than Has Been Goner
ally Supposed.
Special Plspatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 7.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Next in
importance to the negotiations for ships
were the orders given to-day by Cap
tain O'Neil for largre supplies of powder
and projectiles and the consideration
that official is giving to the purchase of
guns. Captain O'Neil has taken ad
vantage of every opportunity since he
has been chief of the Bureau of Ord
nance to equip the navy with an ample
supply of munitions of war. He has
been moving quietly in the matter, but
at the same time he has been gather
ing large supplies of guns, powder and
projectiles together, and the navy is not
so deficient in this respect as recent re
ports indicate. His work to-day con
sisted in sending instructions to the
Dupont Powder Works and the Cali
fornia Powder Works to hasten the
work of completing navy contracts on
hand and to supply the service with
brown powder for guns of all calibers
from 1-inch up to 13-inch.
Captain O'Neil' would like to secure
smokeless powder, but he appreciates
that the manufacture of this material
takes time, while brown powder can be
turned out very rapidly.
According to a proposition recently
submitted by the Duponts, they are
able to furnish the Government with
1,000,000 pounds of powder in three
months without increasing their pres
ent capacity. At the present time their
capacity is 15,000 pounds per day. This
should be doubled within thirty days.
They say that they can commence de
liveries within three weeks, and finally
that the Government could be placed in
possession of 5,000,000 pounds of powder
within six more.
The California Powder Works also
asserts that with some slight exten
sion of its plant it will be able to sup
ply the Government with all the pow
der that this Government may require.
These two firms, however, are engaged
on both army and navy contracts, so
that as far as the navy is concerned
their figures will probably have to be
cut in two. However, the department
officials feel confident that the navy
can obtain all the powder it wants, and
within such time that no embarrass
ment will be experienced.
Relying on the judgment and discre
tion which Captain O'Neil has shown
in the past. Secretary Long, I under
stand, has given that official authority
to purchase all the munitions of war
that he may deem necessary. It was
in pursuance of these orders that such
large orders for powder were given,
and equally large orders for projectiles
of all calibers were issued.
ENGLAND GIVES WARNING
TO SHIP-BUILDERS.
Must Not Sell Vessels Without the
Sanction of the British
Government.
NEW YORK, March 7.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Considerable importance is attached to
the information received here to-day
to the effect that Great Britain has
notified the ship builders and gun mak
ers in her territory that no war ma
terial must be sold to foreign countries
until her Majesty's Government has
been consulted. Word to this effect
was received by the representatives of
the Armstrong and Thornycroft firms,
which are now negotiating for the sale
of warships and various kinds of war
material to the United States Govern
ment. Its full significance is not defi
nitely known.
The authorities, however, do not con
sider that Great Britain will assume
any attitude Inimical to the interests
ofthe United States, and when the time
comes for completing the bargains for
the purchase of ships, negotiations for
which are now under way, no obsta
cle will be placed in our way by the
British Government if the vessels are
taken out of British waters before the
commencement of war.
It is thought not likely Great Britain
may desire to purchase the available
ships for her own use in anticipation of
some new movement she has on foot in
regard to the eastern question. In thia
event s he would, of course, have first
choice, and both the United States and
Spain would be deprived of the oppor
tunity of augmenting their naval fleets
of English construction.
Found Bead in Bed.
SAN JOSE, March 7.— John Hannay. a
pioneer nurseryr- n of Santa Clara Val
ley, was found dead in bed this morning.
He had a contract for pruning an orchard
at West Side, and his death occurred
there. He failed to appear for breakfast
this morning, and a search resulted in
the discovery of his body in bed. The
deceased had been prominently identified
with the fruit interests of this county
for a quarter of a century. He was a
native of Scotland and 64 years of age.NOT A CENT OF TRIBUTE TO SPAIN
STATESMEN
UPHOLD THE
PRESIDENT
Declare the Wise Policy
of the Chief Executive
Is Approved.
Representatives of Both Houses
Unanimously Favor* the Plan
to Prepare for All
Emergencies.
RESOLVED, That there is hereby appropriated
out o? any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap
propriated, for the national defense, and for each and
every purpose connected therewith, to be expended
at the discretion of the President and to remain
available until June 30, 1899, $50,000,000.
NEW YORK. March 7.— The Herald's |
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Secretary Long was the last member
of the conference to leave the White
House to-day. He was evidently im
pressed with the gravity of the situa
tion for he remarked to me: "I can
not help but regard the situation as
boinc exceedingly serious. Ido not ap
prehend war, nor do I believe we are
any nearer a conflict to-day than we
were last week, but I realize the impor
tance of preparing for any emergency
that may arise, and that has been the |
object of our deliberations."
The Secretary repeated the announce
ment made by the President that Con
eul-Gt-neral Lee will not be recalled,
and he added that the supplies intend
ed for Cubans would be sent from Key
West by any vessel that Admiral Si
card might in his discretion select.
When I saw Assistant Secretary of
State Day shortly after the White
House conference he seemed in an un
usually cheerful frame of mind.
"In time of peace prepare for war,
he remarked, "was the conclusion ar
rived at. We all admit the situation
is critical, but a state of preparation
is one of the best means of avoiding
war. and this may be said to be the
chief motive in the action that has been
taken. It eeems to me that I can al
ready see a beneficial effect. It will
have a reassuring effect at home as
well as abroad. There is nothing in
the situation to-day that is immediate
ly alarming. The incident in regard to
the suggested recall of Consul-General
Lee and the dispatch of naval vesses
to Cuban ports with supplies for suf
ferers is closed."
Upon reaching the Capitol Represent
ative Cannon went to his committee
room and prepared his resolution for
introduction in the House. Later in the
day Cannon said:
-I am not one of those who believe
in plunging this country into war wit*
Spain, but in view of existing circum
stances I am heartily in favor of up-
Sng the hands of the President and
giving any assistance he may require.
TWB matter is not the result of a day s
™ibe7ations, but we have had the sub
ject under consideration for some time
pa«;t We did not desire to plunge the
House or Senate into a session of in-
Lmatory and sensational
Hence it is that various, propositions
looking to the increase in the army and
navy have been held in check The
time has now arrived when it is deemed
advisable to say to the President: We
uphold your policy. We appreciate the
wisdom you have shown in dealing with
this grave situation, and we are will
ine to give you any means you re
quire to sustain the integrity of the
-I do not look for any serious oppo
sition to this resolution from any
source Ido not believe our Demo
cratic brethren will make any objec
tion to its prompt passage. I have
not consulted any of the Democratic
TeadJrs but I have an abiding faith
n their loyalty and their Patnotlsm
and therefore I shall endeavor to have
Sis resolution passed by the House to-
"representative Dingley said: "This
emergency resolution has received
X most careful consideration of the
President and his advisers, and while
it is of course a precautionary meas
ure I do not regard it as warlike, as
some people are disposed to consider it.
The very fact that we intend to pro
tect ourselves against any threatened
attack from Spain will. In my judg
ment, go a long way toward Prevent
ing a conflict. If Spain is made
to understand we are prepared for war
and that the whole country is ready to
stand up and defend the position
taken by our President she will not be
bo ready to go into war. Therefore I
regard this resolution as an act of
peace rather than a declaration of
war." t
Representative Grosvenor said: I
do not look for any factional opposi
tion to the resolution. It echoes the
sentiment of every American citizen
who believes that if we are to have
war with Spain the sooner we are
ready the better. This subject has
been under consideration by the Presi
dent and his Cabinet, and they feel
they are justified in taking every pre
caution that the emergency demands.
I am not anxious for war with Spain,
nor am I anxious to see this country
Involved in war with any foreign
power, but I am ready to trust our
cause in the hands of the President and
to be guided by his wisdom and dis
cretion."
Although Representative Boutelle
did not participate in the conference
held at the White House this morning
he saw the President later in the day.
In reference to the Cannon resolution
Boutelle said: "There will be no oppo
sition to this resolution from me or
the members of the Naval Committee.
Unfortunately for me, I have been
placed in a false position by some of
the newspapers in connection with the
policy of the administration on the
Spanish question. I am not opposed
to increasing the navy, the building of
battle-ships to protect our country
from Spanish attack, but I was placed
in such a position I could not consci
entiously tell what the intentions of
the administration were in this regard.
I have been in consultation with the
President and other gentlemen on this
subject for some time past and the
question as to the proper time to take
action was a proposition which could
not be agreed upon until to-day. Those
of us who have been censured and
ridiculed for our supposed obstruction
lof the propositions to increase the
army and navy were acting in thor
ough accord with the President, who
did not deem it wise to precipitate a
sensational debate in Congress while
' the public mind was inflamed to such
I a high degree. "
Senator Hale said: "While I am not
in favor of going to war with Spain
or any foreign power unless the prov
ocation is sufficient, I want to say
that I heartily commend the course of
the President in dealing with this very
delicate subject. He has displayed
wisdom and discretion which every
loyal citizen will appreciate, and un
less I am greatly mistaken he will find
that both houses of Congress are pre
pared to give him most cordial and
loyal support in the line he has adopt
ed. The resolution proposed by Can
non in the Hous« is a very proper one,
and while it is not to be construed as
a declaration of war it is notice to
Spain and the world at large that the
President of the United States is
given the power and substantial sup
port of the representatives of the peo
ple in his efforts to prepare for any
emergency that may arise. I do not
believe there will be any serious op
position to this resolution in the Sen
ate. It is brief and to the point and is
easily understood, so that if it passes
the House to-morrow, as I earnestly
expect it will, I feel assured that it
will receive the unanimous indorse
ment of the Senate."
Senator Allison concurred in the
opinion expressed by Senator Hale.
WEYLER SECURED
SUPPLIES IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, March 7.— The Journal
will to-morrow print a story to the ef
fect that former Captain-General Wey
ler of Cuba bought a large quantity of
powder from the Dittmar Powder Com
pany of this city, the powder being
shipped to Havana last November.
Lieutenant White of the Twenty-third
Regiment, National Guard of this city,
is given as an authority for this state
ment. The claim is made that the
powder and a large quantity of other
explosives was shipped to Havana on
the steamer Ciudad Condal about No
vember 30. It is aserted that the two
National Guardsmen who had charge
of the explosives on behalf of the Ditt
mar Powder Company were Captain F.
G. Hamlin and Lieutenant White.
Hamlin is the manager of the Dittmar
Powder Company, while White is the
bookkeeper. On account of the large
quantity of powerful explosives and
cable coils purchased, it is inferred that
Captain-General Weyler wished to use
the articles in the construction of a
dynamite mine.
Sobral's Spying Work.
PORTSMOUTH, N. H., March 7.—
According to the record of the visitors
kept at the navy yard Lieutenant So
bral of the Spanish navy, whose inter
view last month on the discipline in
the American navy caused much com
ment, was here last summer. His visit
has just been recalled by the discov
ery of his name in the book. He called
on the officers at this station and in
spected the various forts and other de
fenses in this vicinity. He spent two
days here and made himself thorough
ly acquainted with the plans of de
fense.
Tue Dauntless Libeled.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., March T.~
The steam tug Dauntless was libeled
to-day by the Government, charged
with filibustering. The vessel is now
in charge of a deputy marshal.
WHIPS TWO MEN IN ONE RING.
INDIANAPOLIS. March 7.-Kld McCoy
to nieht in Tomlinson , Hall, before. 5000
people, whipped James Blackwell of this
city and Jack Tlerney •of Terre Haute,
without leaving the ring He played witn
Them from the start, and ended both men
with left hooks. From the ring he an
nounced that on; Wednesday he would
claim the championship of the world, as
he had had $5000 posted for six weeks for
either Corbett ; or Fltzsimmons to cover.
He will defend the ' title at .'least once
every six month* until defeated.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TrESDAY, MAIiCH 8, 1898.
MONEY MARTS WEAKER
DEMORALIZED
AT NEW YORK
Prospect of a Conflict the
Cause of a Drop in
Securities.
Bear Leaders Help to Smash
Values Whenever It Is
Possible.
Brokers Scramble to Sell the Hold
ings of Some of the Frightened
Speculators.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 7.— The stock
market opened in a demoralized condi
tion this morning, owing to President
McKinley's flat refusal to yield to
Spain's desire for the recall of Consul-
General Lee from Havana. This was
taken by brokers to mean that the re
lations between Spain and this country
were more strained than ever, and was
the signal for bears to renew their at
tacks on leading specialties.
All through the list serious declines
were registered, with frightened hold
ers of securities trying to market them
at any price they would bring. The
bear leaders helped along the smash in
values wherever possible. Before the
local market opened news came from
London that American securities were
demoralized in that market, serious
declines having been registered in all
active stocks. This news served to
prepare operators here for what was to
come when the local market opened.
Brokers, who had gathered in silent
groups around different trading posts
in the Stock Exchange, broke loose as
soon as the chairman's gavel fell at 10
o'clock.
Wild shouting: crowds of brokers
went at the process of knocking prices
downward. It was one of the most ex
citing openings that the exchange has
witnessed in many years. Initial tran
sactions were made at general de
clines of 2, 3 and 4 points. Around the
sugar post there was a great crowd of
brokers. The first sales in different
parts of this crowd were simultaneous
ly at prices ranging all the way from
123% to 121, against 126%, the closing
price of Saturday, a decline of more
than 5 points at the extreme price.
The opening trading in New York
Central was also very heavy. The
first sales of this stock were simulta
neously at 111*4, down to 110, against
113%, Saturday's closing price, a de
cline of 3% points. The material de
clines compared with Saturday's clos
ing figures, recorded at the opening or
within the succeeding five minutes,
were: Manhattan 4V 2 points, Rock Isl
and 2%, St. Paul 2%, Western Union
2%, American Tobacco \%, Burlington
%, People's Gas 2%, Consolidated Gas
2, Northern Pacific preferred 3, Louis
ville and Nashville 2%, Union Pacific
2%, Northwestern 2^4. Metropolitan
Street Railway made an extreme de
cline of 7% points.
The tone of the market throughout
the day was extremely nervous and ir
regular. Each unfavorable report and
item of news in regard to the Spanish
situation was followed by a fresh at
tack on the part of the bears, and de
clines and temporary rallies followed
one another at short Intervals. On the
final call of Government bonds at the
Stock Exchange this afternoon 122%
was bid for the fours of 1925. This was
1 per cent under the price at which
sales were made on Saturday.
CUBANS READY TO
FIGHT FOR AMERICA.
Soldiers and Civilians of the Island
Eager to Aid the United
States.
NEW YORK. March 6.—Correspond
ence from Santiago de Cuba says: Ac
cording to the most trustworthy infor
mation, the Cuban Government has de
cided to address a manifesto to this
country as soon as hostilities are
opened between the United States and
Spain, inviting every Cuban who is now
on the island, living within Spanish for
tified towns, to take the field and join
the Cuban army. Previous laws for
bidding unarmed men to join the Cu
ban forces will be abolished. An invi
tation will be addressed also to all Cu
bans . abroad under *50 j years of age to
enlist in the : American army or come
to Cuba to fight. Senor Maso made the
following declaration: ":; 'ZX-V. r.'fl
"We do not. invite war between tht
United : States and -Spain, T because we
need only to be officially recognized by
the American nation. But if such "■ war
comes we:, will do our best to quickly
defeat ' tii* Spaniards on land.** _
WRECKING THE MAINE.
FINANCIERS
AND SPAIN
Where the Government
at Madrid Is Likely
to Get Aid.
Probability That the Arm
strongs Would Supply the
Castilians With Cruisers.
But as to Supplying Money, France
Would Most Likely Be the Chief
Contributor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 7.— A copy
righted cablegram from London to the
Evening Post s;iys: Special inquiries
in official and financial circles to-day
show that of the many grave difficul
ties pending in China. Japan, West
Africa, the Nile and elsewhere the most
serious view is taken of the American-
Spanish relations. At the American
and Spanish embassies the utmost re
ticence, of course, is shown. They pre
tend to know nothing, and it is note
worthy, in view of reports that the
Armstrongs have sold cruisers to Spain,
that the Armstrongs' board has given
express instructions that no questions
are to be answered regarding their
dealings with British or foreign gov
ernments.
Varying conclusions are drawn from
this refusal to confirm the denial of
the Spanish purchase from the Arm
strongs. What cannot be denied is
that the Armstrongs have had relations
with Spain since 1886, have built sev
eral cruisers to Spain's order and now
have vessels in stock that could be «old
if money were forthcoming.
Is French money helping Spain? Two
of the first financial houses were asked
this question this afternoon. Their re
plies may be grouped thus: "Nothing
of the kind has been definitely ar
ranged and obviously, seeing the large
French financial interests in Spain,
French financiers will be most anxious
to keep Spain from war, but it is
equally certain that if Spain did de
cide that war, however desperate, was
the only escape from the growing finan
cial trouble at home, Paris, and not
London, would be the quarter whence
money would be sought and beyond
doubt obtained. As yet, however, noth
ing has been definitely settled."
The fact probably is that Spain is
anxious to buy ships and that the
Armstrongs are ready to sell if they
can see the money. The French finan
ciers are not eager to advance the ne
cessary money, so long as by holding
back they can assifct the cause of peace.
The Armstrongs have the reputation
among the naval circles here of pro
ducing the best armed and protected
cruisers in the world.
GLOOMY SIGN OF WAR
SEEN IN THE SKY.
Shaft of Pale Red Light Shoots up
From the North and Star-
tles New Yorkers.
NEW YORK, March 7.— ln the black
sky of the north to-night there hung
a sign, a gloomy portent of war and
devastation. At least the street crowds
that gazed heavenward in awe or flip
pajit comment chose so to regard it.
The phenomenon appeared shortly after
half-past 8 o'clock. To the eastward
the moon, almost at the full, rode in a
clear sky, but the north and west were
cloudy. Suddenly a shaft of pale red
light shot up from the north, reaching
half way to the zelnith. Gradually
the lower part faded away, but the
remainder hung in the clouds for more
than half an hour.
It was a narrow strip, but at this
time the lower end spread until it
doubled in width, while the upper part
tapered off Into the darkness. From ail
over Greater New York and up the
Hudson came reports of excitement
and wonder among the inhabitants. In
this city and over in Brooklyn crowds
gathered in the streets and gazed at
the phenomenon. The talk was all of
war Old veterans told of similar
•'signs" which preceded the Revolu
tionary and Civil wars. The light faded
gradually and disappeared about half
past 9 o'clock.
The light was probably caused by a
big fire at Fort Lee, N. J., or the au
rora borealis. Garrett P. Perviss, the
astronomer, said he inclined to the
aurora theory. _
A London "prophet" has damaged his
reputation by two inconsistent perform
ances. -■ A week after : positively - pre
dicting the end of the world :In 1900, he
paid ' a I large i sum to v secure /a : fifteen
year ' lease of , a r house wherein he ■ cap
ries on a niere<u>uli* £,£§&&* _
PARIS BOURSE
MUCH EXCITED
Decline in Stocks and
Spanish Exteriors Fall
Two Francs.
South African Diamond Mines
Also Affected by the War
like Aspect.
While Spain Is Buying Guns in
France the Panic Among Specu
lators Is Increasing.
Copyrighted, ISSS, by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, March 7.— The Bourse here Is
greatly excited over the general de
cline in stocks. Spanish exteriors fell
oft* two francs, closing heavy at 57^4,
lower than for a year past.
A curious phase of speculation was
the decline of South Africa diamond
mines, especially Debeers. which fell
from 712 to 684 francs on the theory that
in case of war between the United
States and Spain, American purchases
of diamonds would decline. It is fur
ther stated that the Spanish Govern
ment has given orders for the purchase
in France of rapid firing guns of the
Canet type of fourteen and sixteen cen
timeters. They are supposed to be for
the Spanish iron-clad Carlos V, now at
Havre completing her armament. Spain
is said to have tried to purchase war
ships from France, but without suc
cess.
The Gaulois, commenting on the pess
imistic dispatch received from Madrid
on Sunday, remarks: "'lf they are to
be taken quite seriously it is impossi
ble not to recognize that we are on the
eve of an Espano-American war."
It publishes, however, an interview
with a Spanish diplomatist, who is said
to be in close touch with the Spanish
Government, which puts a much less
alarming complexion on the situation.
He says:
"I quite admit the situation is serious,
but it has not so far the importance
attributed to it, and all may yet be
arranged amicably without the neces
sity of a resort to extreme measures.
I have received semi-official confirma
tion of only one of the dispatches from
Madrid published during the last two
or three days, namely, that concerning
the recall of Consul-General Lee. It
is the business of diplomacy to settle
this incident, the bearing of which has
been too hastily exaggerated. Ido
not doubt that an agreement will be
arrived at after a fresh exchange of
telegrams between Madrid and Wash
"The Journal dcs Bebats says that in
spite of the machinations of the Cu
ban syndicate, the excitement caused
by the Maine disaster is calming down
and that the sensational news, pub
lished with unparalleled cynicism to
cause a rupture between Spain and the
United States, finds fewer hearers. The
Journal and Eclair both comment on
the statement that cruisers and coast
defense ships are not fighting vessels,
and say that the bravado on the part
of the United States may drive Spain
to the last extremity. The Journal
also says that while Madrid showed
correctness in recalling Senor de Lome
Washington replies with a brutal re
fusal to recall Lee. the United States
acting as if it wished to make war in
evitable. ____________
MARRIAGE OF MISS DUER
AND CLARENCE MACKAY.
Date of the Ceremony Set for May 14
and the Swell Newport Set to Be
Present.
NEW YORK. March 7.— The marriage
of Miss Katherlne Duer and Clarence
Mackay will be celebrated on Saturday,
Mar 14. the date having just been decided
upon. Mrs. John \V. Mackay. mother of
the bridegroom-elect, will make her sec
ond trip to this country in many years to
be present at the wedding. The wedding
will take place at th* residence of the
bride's parents, Mr. and Airs. William A.
Ducr 17 West Twenty-first street. There
will be just 150 people invited to thf wed
rtinu Those will all be of the Newport
set and chiefly of the younger element
\n<\ friends of the bride. The date of the
mnrriage has been hastened for a month.
This is snid to be so that the bride can
participate in the gayeties of the early
London season.
McCoy Will Fight Bonner.
CHICAGO, March 7.— The challenge of
"Parson" Davies to Kid McCoy to fight
lack F.onneY has been accepted by Me-
Coy and the fight will be pulled off in
New Orleans the latter part of this
month The match is at catch weights.
Rosecrans' Condition Unchanged.
■ LOS ANGELES. i March B.— At midnight
General / Ros«^ r condition was un
changed.
MILLIONS
FOR OUR
DEFENSE
Cannon Introduces a Bi£
Emergency Bill in the
House*
Members of Both Branches ot
Congress Will Uphold the
President in All War or
Peace Measures.
Call Office, Riggs House.
Washington, March 7.
Representative Cannon of Illinois to
day introduced a bill appropriating
$50,000,000 as a war emergency fund, to
be placed at the immediate disposal of
the President.
It was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations. The Cannon bill, it
was learned later, was the outcome of
a conference held at the White House
this morning, at which Cannon. Sec
retary Long. Dingley, Senator Allison
and General Grosvenor were present.
The situation was considered so grave
that it was deemed imperative that an
immense appropriation of this char
acter should be at once made to prepare
for the national defense. After the
conference Cannon went to the Capitol
and called a special meeting of the
Appropriations Committee. After this
meeting Cannon introduced the na
tional defense bill in the House.
The Appropriations Committee will
meet to-morrow and the bill will be
presented in the House during the day.
There is little doubt expressed among
Senators that the Cannon bill appropri
ating $50,000,000 will probably be con
sidered and speedily passed when it
reaches the Senate. Many Senators
express the opinion that the most ef
fective method of dealing with the
question would be to take up and pass
the bill immediately upon its receipt
in the Senate without reference to com
mittee. Some of the members of the
Committee on Appropriations expressed
themselves as satisfied to have the
measure take its course, but others are
of the opinion that none of the effects
of the measure will be lost to have the
bill referred and reported in the regu
lar way. Senator Allison, chairman of
the committee, expressed the opinion
that the bill should be referred, say
ing that the committee would proba
bly be able to report within twenty
four hours. A few Senators said that
they did not consider that the time
had come for the actual appropriation
of money for the preparation for war,
but they did not indicate any intention
to antagonize the passage of the bill
or to seek to delay it.
Senators who favor the bill say it is
a peace and not war measure, and some
expressed the opinion that it would
be more effective if it carried $100,000,
000 instead of $50,000,000.
Secretary Long sent to Congress to
day for inclusion in the urgent de
ficiency bill an estimate of an appro
priation of $300,000 to be immediately
available for the equipment of vessels
in the navy for the present fiscal year
and for the immediate supply of 10,000
tons of coal to Key West. The report
accompanying the estimates shows the
bunker capacity of the ships of the
navy now in the vicinity of Dry Tor
tugas and Key West is about 12.000
tons, and the storage capacity of the
coal sheds at Key West is about 4200
tons. The largest vessels of the fleet,
the Secretary says, cannot approach
nearer than seven miles of Key West.
At present they coal from schooners at
Tortugas and at other Haces near by,
when they are permitted. There is one
flat lighter with a capacity of 3000 tons
now at Key West. This is not suitable
for use at any distance from the port.
The report concludes as follows:
"The bureau believes it for the in
terest of the service that additional
temporary coal sheds should be con
structed on Government land at Key
West which will increase the storage
capacity there up to 10,000 or 12.000
tons, and that lighters be purchased
which may be towed anywhere within
a radius of sixty miles of Key West.
Also that at least 10.000 tons of coal be
laid down at Key West ready for an
emergency. The appronriation for
equipment for the navy \s inadequate
for these purposes, and in order that
the bureau may be able to execute the
necessary contracts at once. I recom
mend that Congress appropriate $100,
000 additional to be Immediately avail
able."
NEGOTIATING FOR THE
PURCHASE OF SHIPS.
Navy Department in Communication
With the Embassy at
London.
NEW YORK, March 7. — A special to
the Herald from Washington says: The
Navy Department has been in cable
communication during the day with
Lieutenant-Colonel Well, naval attache
of the Embassy in London, but the
purport of the dispatches sent and re
ceived the department declines to state.
It is known, however, that these mes
sages relate to the ships nearly com
pleted abroad which it will be to the
interest of this Government to obtain.
It is possible that. they may also have
related to the negotiations beinpr made
by Spain for additional ships.
I learned from an official of the de
partment to-day that information re
ceived by Secretary Long on Saturday
last that the Brazilian cruiser Ama
zonas and an unarmored sister ship had
been sold came from the builders of
these vessels at Elswick. England.
According to the message received
from the builders the ships have been
withdrawn from sale. It is known by
Secretary Long that Spain has been
negotiating for the sale of these ships
and that she was the only Government
anxious to add them to her fleet. It
was hinted to me to-day that Brazil
might have something to say in oppo
sition to the sale of the Amasonas and
her sister ship to a prospective enemy
of the United States and that negotia
tions for the sale had not been finally
completed. It is the general lmpres*
sion among naval offiers lhat this Gov»
ernment has made representations to
the Brazilian Government through the
Charge d' Affaires of the United States
at Rio de Janeiro looking to the pre
vention of the sale of the ships to
Spain, and that these representations
may result in the retention of the ships
at Elswick subject to the call of the
Brazilian Government.
I was informed to-day, however, by
officials in a position to know that one
of the vessels had sailed from England,
but her destination was unknown. It
is probable she has gone to Spain,
where she will be completed.
NEW YORK, March 7.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent sends
the following: Spain has manifested
her earnest desire to maintain friendly
relations with the United States by
promptly recalling the intimation that
the recall of Consul-General Lee and
the revocation c-f orders for naval ves
sels to carry relief supplies to sufferers
in Cuba would tend to promote har
mony between the two countries.
Accompanying the withdrawal is the
formal announcement made by Senor
Dubosc, Charge d' Affaires of the Span
ish Legation, that General Lee's recall
was never officially requested. There
is no denial, however, that an unoffi
cial intimation to thi3 effect was sent
to the State Department through Min
ister Woodford. and that the President
promptly refused to comply with it.
SANTA ROSA CONVENTIONS.
Democrats and Republicans Nomi
nate Municipal Tickets.
SANTA ROSA, March 7.— Republican
and Democratic city conventions were
held here to-night, full tickets being nom
inated by both parties. Following are
the Republican nominees: J. F. Smith,
Mayor; George S. Brown, C. M. Bum
baugh, F. P. Bane, Councilmen; W. J.
Steadman, Marshal; O. O. Webber. City
Attorney; J. G. Woodward. City Treas
urer; A. S. Luce, City Clerk; H. Silver
shield, Assessor; H. Prindle, Recorder; I.
N. Linely, Street Commissioner: B. M.
Spencer, E. P. Dennett. W. C. Roberts, R.
P. Legro and W. T. Hurt, Library Trus
tees.
The Democratic nominees are: J. S.
Sweet, Mayor; J. W. Hall, N. J. Bower,
H. White, Councilmen; C. H. Holmes,
Marshal; George Pearce, Attorney; Wil
liam Jones, Treasurer; C. L. Mobley,
Clerk; Neil Brown, Assessor; W. N. Spee
gle, Recorder; W. P. Shepard, Street
Commissioner: C. A. Hoffer, D. P. An
derson, Will Shearer, L. A. Pressley, D.
Leppo, Library Trustees.
Go On!
Go On!
Go On!
IF YOU HAVE MADE UP YOUR
* mind to lose all of your grip, there
is no power on earth that can pre-
vent you. But have you got a mind
to make up? You plan to do this to-
day and you drop the whole thing as
soon as you wake up to-morrow. You
think of it at night; you are sure that
you will do it in the next twenty-four
hours— and then you find that morning:
does not bring you energy enough to
start. Have you lived long enough to
know what that means? Man alive!
It means energy gone for nothing.
Your body and your mind are being
wasted, too! And yet in your inmost
heart you would like to pose before
the world as a man! Take some sensi-
ble advice. Don't try to pose for what
you are not. In the whole world there
is no one who knows as well as you
do as to how fast your vitality is be-
ing drained away. And it is going
pretty fast, too, is it not? Will you
allow the doctors of the great Hud-
sonian Institute to show you how you
can stop this fearful menace to your
strength? One call, or one postage
stamp will show you how countless men
have been saved from despair. Why
not get the help you need this very
day? If you do not a depleted sys-
tem is sure to follow, and then
Nature
Calls
the Halt.
The "HUDYAN" remedio- treatment
' will cure you. You need entertain no
fears about that. And if you have any
other diFjase you may be very certain
that relief will come at once. Write or
call ; and when you do, tell the truth and
the whole truth. Live again, man!
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS.
San Francisco. CaL
34
BOODLING CASES
WILL BE PROBED
SACRAMENTO
SUPERVISORS
TAKE ACTION
Accused Members of
the Board Are on
the Rack.
Investigation of "Witters
Charges Will Begin
To-Day.
Six Witnesses Summoned to
Appear and Give Tes
timony.
TURNING UPON McGRATH.
Suspected Officials Declare That He
Acted for Himself in Taking
a Rake-Off.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, March 7.— To-day's
developments in the scandal over the
corruption in county official affairs
were of a startling nature and insure
the probing of the matter to the bot
tom at once, instead of several months
hence, when the Grand Jury meets.
The Hoard of Supervisors, or, at least,
the members of the body who were
present when the monthly meeting
convened to-day, decided to take the
case into their own hands and ascer
tain whether the Golden Gate Dredg
ing and Reclamation Company was
held up by certain Supervisors,
through an agent, or whether the man
who claimed to be an agent of two
members was doing business on his
own account. Subpoenas wpre issued
ordering P. H. McGrath, Henry Kuck,
W. A. Gett, J. C. Boyd, N. G. Witter
and M. C. Harris to appear and give
their testimony.
McGrath is the assistant secretary
of the State Board of Examiners, who
alleged that he was doing business for
the Supervisors. Kuck is the secretary
of the Sutter Island Reclamation dis
trict, where the Dredging and Recla
mation Company did its work. Gett
was formerly attorney for the district.
Boyd is County Surveyor, and Witter
and Harris are officers of the corpora
tion.
Sacramento official circles have been
stirred by the expose made in The
Call on Sunday morning, and little
else is talked of. The "push" of the
capital is wondering where the search
light will strike next, and there has
been a wild scurry to cover on all
sides.
Anticipating a sensation when the
board met this morning, a big crowd
■was present in the assembly-room.
The men who are accused by McGrath
— Morrison and Jenkins — were not
present, but the other three members —
Curtis, McLaughlin and Dreman — were
In their seats. McGrath was not pres
ent. When the board was called to or
der Attorney Witter, president of the
company, asked permission to addr> -sa
the body and Supervisor Dreman, who
presided, allowed him the privilege.
Mr. Witter said that as long as Su
pervisors Jenkins and Morrison were
not present he did not care to go on
with the affair of the Dredging Com
pany's claim against the county, but
would ask that it be laid over until to
morrow, when Jenkins at least could
be present. He wanted the case set
tled once and for all, declaring that if
the bill was not paid he wanted to go
before the courts to have the affair
adjusted.
Supervisor Dreman said he thought
the matter should be sifted and that if
the money were due to the company it
should be paid without further delay.
He did not say anything about the
charges of corruption made by Mc-
Grath to Attorney Witter but his man
ner implied that he wanted to know all
about it.
Prior to the meeting of the board.
Witter and Harris called on District
Attorney Ryan. They said that when
the first payment of $1440 was due them
from the Supervisors they had sent
their claim to P. H. McGrath, with the
request that he get a warrant in their
name. Instead of this, they said, Mc-
Grath destroyed the claim and made
out a new claim In his own name, rep
resenting himself as agont of the
Dredger Company, which he was not.
The Supervisors allowed this claim,
and McGrath drew the money on it,
but failed to send it to the company.
When asked about it subsequently he
declared that the money had been used
in bribing certain members of the
Board of Supervisors in order to get
them to appro% r e the remainder of the
claim. As the company was hard
pressed for money at this time, it was
deemed best not to make any trouble
until after the remainder of the claim
was paid, and thus matters were al
lowed to run along. As the remainder
of the money, however, did not seem to
be forthcoming, other demands were
made on McGrath, who at last replied
that $600 more was needed to induce
the Supervisors to allow the remainder
of the claim. This, Witter said, was
too much for the company, and it was
determined to make demand on Mc-
Grath for the $1440 and to look to the
Supervisors for the rest.
McGrath, in response to this demand,
which was couched in strong terms,
paid over $1000, but demanded a receipt
for $1440, which was given to him.
Witter claimed that this receipt was
given in order to get possession of the
$1000, but the $440 remaining would be
demanded and would have to be
paid. Witter declared that the work
done on Sutter Island had been done
to the entire satisfaction of everybody,
and that they wanted their money from
the Supervisors. Ityan said he thought
they were clearly entitled to it, and
promised to look up the contract at
once.
MeOrath and Chairman Morrison of
the board were out of town to-day and
could not be reached, but Supervisor
Jenkins came into town in the after
noon and submitted to an interview.
It is evident that McGrath will be
placed *.n the position of doing a hold
up business, ostensibly Tor others but
In reality on his own account. Super-,
WILLIS G. WITTER, Who Exposed the Sacramento
Boodlers.
Marshall C. Harris.
visor Jenkins was indignant that he
should have been charged with accept
ing money.
"Something over a year ago," said
Mr. Jenkins, "the property owners on
Sutter Island appeared before the
board and asked for assistance in
building a road around the inland on
top of the levee. They represented to
us that they had been paying heavy
taxii for years; that they were badly
in need of a road, and if the county
would bear half the expense of building
such a road they would pay the other
half and deed the road to the county.
At this time, or later— the minutes of
the board will show — an agreement was
entered into with Reclamation District
349 whereby the Supervisors promised
to bear half the expense of building a
road around the island, provided the
road were deeded to the county. Now,
I want to say right here the board
simply agreed to pay half the expense
of building that road under the condi
tion that it was a county road, and it
made no difference who dredged out
the dirt necessary — that was a matter
palely and entirely for the district to
look after.
"Well, it seems the Golden Gate
Dredging Company was employed to do
the work. After a time it was reported
to us that a certain amount — $2880, I
believe — was due. We sent County
Surveyor Boyd to look at the work, and
he reported that enough had been done
to warrant the payment asked. Upon
this report we allowed the district
$1440, that being the county's share ac
cording to agreement. The $1440 was
paid to P. H. McGrath, not as an agent
for the dredging company, but as agent
for the reclamation district, and I
never was more surprised in my life
than when I heard this morning that
he had held back that money for nearly
a year.
"As for McGrath's having paid me
any money, he most certainly did not.
When the road was said to be finished
and the district's claims against the
county for the remainder of the coun
ty's share were pending, the Board of
Supervisors took a trip to Sutter Is
land to view the work. We found that
the levee had been raised around the
inland, but there was no sign of any
road The result was that we told
Henry Elliott, president of the Board
of Trustees, and other members of the
brsrd that we could not allow the
cleims until the road was ouilt; that
the county could not pay for raiting
levees, and that they could not get
their money until the road was built
according to agreement.
"I have since learned that the dis
trict has leveled /iff the road and com
pleted the work, but I want to say
right here, that the Board of Super
visors has never been notified that this
has been done, and I particularly want
to Bay that since that $1440 was allowed
no one has, to my knowledge, asked
the board for a single cent on behalf of
that work.
"Unless there are legal reasons, which
I cannot now foresee, the district can
have what money is due it as soon as
it shows us it has done the work, and
as soon as It presents its claim after
making the showing. If McGrath ap
pears before the board to-morrow I
venture to assert that he will not make
any such statement as he is charged
with having made to the officers of the
Golden Gate Dredging Company."
Notwithstanding Mr. Jenkins' claim
that the charge is an absurdity, the
other members of the board are unani
mous upon the proposition to make a
thorough and complete investigation.
At to-morrow's meeting of the board
the case will be taken up and sifted to
the bottom.
BOWERS NOMINATED
FOR PORT COLLECTOR.
Named for a Federal Office at San
Diego, Despite Considerable
Opposition.
WASHINGTON. March 7.— The Presi
dent to-day sent to the Senate the nomin
ation of ex-Congressman William W.
Bowers of San Diego to be Collector of
Customs at that port. There has been a
great deal of opposition to this nomina
tion, and it may be carried to the Senate.
Mr. Bowers was indorsed by the entire
California delegation, including the Dem
ocratic members. There were about a
dozen applicants for th^e poai.UoOt
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY",}- MAUCH 8, 1898.
GOLD STRIKE
NEAR REDDING
Lost Ledge in the Old
Pfeiffer Property
Recovered.
Claim Once Abandoned Again
Yielding Ore Rich in
Metal.
Largo Vein Inclosed by Well-De
fined Walls of Slate and
Porphyry.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, March 7.— A remarkable
strike has been made within four miles
of this city, in what is known as the
old John Pfeiffer mine. The property
was sold a year ago to Brackett &
Speaks, who developed it and shipped
the product to the Keswick Smelter.
The pay shoot was then lost, appar
ently, and Speaks sold to his partner.
The workings were cleaned up and an
other carload of good ore was shipped.
From the bottom of the incline shaft
! a tunnel had been driven for about six
j feet and then abandoned as a fruit
! less undertaking. The present owner
; commenced work In this abandoned
■ tunnel and had not proceeded many
j feet before the ledge was encountered.
i This ledge matter was composed
i largely of sulphurets, with a liberal
' admixture of ocher, from which a
I splendid free gold prospect could be
! panned. A 200-foot tunnel had been
' driven in below the bottom of the mi
i cline shaft, but as exceedingly hard
: rock was encountered the tunnel had
• never been driven to an intersection
with the ledge.
Work was at once resumed on this
tunnel and about ten day? ago the main
' ledge was struck. The vein at the
I point of intersection is four feet wide be
tween well-defined permanent walls of
i slate and porphyry. Assays received
i to-day from the Ludovici Sampling
I Works gave a value of $3517 in gold,
and $11 in silver. On the same min
eral reef extending northeasterly and
southwesterly and not far distant is the
property of W. P. Miller, a well-known
| mining man of San Francisco. The
i Miller property has not been operated
for several years, as it has been tied
up in litigation. A number of other
properties are also located on the same
reef.
MUST CHANGE
THE FOUNDATION
General Smith's Report as to
San Francisco Post
office Plans.
Alterations Which He Suggests Shall
Not Cause a Very Great
Delay.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, March 7.
General Sooy Smith of Chicago, the ex
pert engineer, who was sent by the
Treasury Department to investigate and
report as to the character of the founda
tion for the San Franclaco Postofflce
building, spent a few hours in Washing
ton to-day and returned to Chicago to
night. He called at the Treasury De
partment to-day, and it is understood
that he amended in some particulars the
report submitted by him two weeks ago.
The report will be given out for publi
cation to-morrow morning. It is said to
deal merely with engineering problems,
and Treasury Department officials say
that the change in the foundation plans
will not in any way affect the plans for
the superstructure. The exterior design
will not be changed in any respect except
that the ornamental carving on the fa
cade will not be as elaborate as was in
tended, for, as stated In The Call some
time ago, the department has finally de
cided to construct the building of granite
instead of marble.
The Call correspondent understands
that General Smith's report will declare
that the Seventh and Mission street site
was not a good selection, and that to
make the foundation firm enough the en
tire foundation plans as drawn by the
supervising architect will have to be
changed at a cost considerably above all
former calculations. Assistant Secretary
Spaulding said to The Call correspondent
that the change in the foundation plans
will cause little if any delay in the work,
and that he hopes soon to advertise for
bids for the superstructure.
.*■ — — •
Stricken by Paralysis.
WOODLAND, March 7.— R. H. Newton,
an old resident and a prominent Republi
can, was stricken by paralysis yesterday.
Hl« condition is critical. He has held
many positions of public trust.
SHERIFF OF
SAN MATEO
UNDER FIRE
Filed an Unlawful
Claim for County
Money.
Attempt to Obtain the
Reward for Winters'
Conviction.
His Brother Used as a Catspaw
to Rake in Golden
Chestnuts.
LIABLE TO PUNISHMENT.
Both of the Mansfields Guilty of a
Violation of the State
Law.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, March 7.— ln his
eagerness to obtain blood money Sheriff
Joseph H. Mansfield of San Mateo
County caused his brother to commit
an act which Is felonious and himself
committed a crime which the Penal
Code places in the same category. These
startling facts were brought to light
at the session of the Board of Super
visors to-day in this city. Among the
claims presented for passage was one
assigned to the Bank of San Mateo
County. It had been originally sub
mitted in the name of C. T. Mans
field, a brother of the Sheriff. It reads
as follows:
February I— One-half of the reward of
fered by the Board of Supervisor* of San
Mateo County, December »i. 1W". for the
arrest and conviction of the party and
parties implicated in the murder of C. A.
Andrews at Baden, Sun Mateo County,
November 17, 1897.
To arrest and conviction of Harry Win
ters, $125.
The correctness and validity of the
claim is attested to by Sheriff Joseph
Mansfield, and it was approved by the
auditing committee of the Board of Su
pervisors, comprising Supervisors W.
H. Brown, Joseph Debenedetti and
H. Tilton.
According to Under Sheriff H. F.
Butts the records show that the arrest
of Harry Winters was made by Con
stable Disraelli and Sheriff Mansfield.
Under the law neither of these gen
tlemen is permitted to claim any of the
reward offered by the Supervisors, as
the arrest of Winters was made in the
regular performance of their duties.
This was evidently the motive for mak
ing C. T. Mansfield act as a dummy in
the case.
The law bearing on the offense com
mitted by C. T. Mansfield is found In
section 72 of the Penal Code. It reads as
follows:
Every person who, with intent to de
fraud, presents for allowance or for pay
ment to any State board or officer, or to
any county, town, ftity, ward or village
board or officer authorized to allow or
pay the same If genuine, any false or
fraudulent claim, bill, account, voucher
or writing. Is guilty of felony.
Sheriff Mansfield is amenable to pros
ecution and punishment under section
113 of the Penal ''ode, which says:
Every officer having the custody of any
record placed in his hands for any pur
pose, who is guilty of falsifying the whole
or any part of Buch record, or who per
mits any other ptrson so to do, is punish
able by imprisonment in the State Prison
not less than one nor more than fourteen
years.
Both the Mansflelds may be held to
answer for their offense under section
115 of the Penal Code. This is as fol
lows:
Every person who knowingly procures
or offers any false or forged instrument
to be filed, registered or recorded in any
public office within this State, which in
strument, if genuine, might be filed or
registered or recorded under any law of
this State or of the United States, Is
guilty of felony.
Another peculiar feature of this
claim is that it was not under the cir
cumstances surrounding the case paya
ble to any one for the arrest of Harry
Winters. The murder occurred on No
vember 17, 1597, and Winters was ar
rested about a week later. The re
ward was not offered by the Board of
Supervisors of San Mateo County until
December 6, IS9T, or nearly two weeks
after Winters hnd been arrested.
When the claim came up in the reg
ular course of business with others, a
question was made as to its legitimacy,
on the ground that the reward applied
only to the arrest and conviction of
James Wilett. Discussion was avoid-
Ed by the announcement of Chairman
McEvoy of the board that the claim
was laid over.
It Is a matter that will undoubtedly
be called to the attention of the Grand
Jury and the District Attorney for in
vestigation and action.
MISS HARMON MUST
GIVE UP THE LAND
Man Who Wronged Her Gets
Back Property Given in
Restitution
SANTA CRUZ, March 7.— The derision
in the case of Margaret Sweet and John
Sweet against Mary Harmon for the set
ting aside of a deed was rendered by
Judge Dooling to-day. The case is one,
which involved the deeding by Mrs. Mar
garet Sweet and her son of a quarter in
terest of the Sweet property to Miss Mary
Harmon. It included forty acres of land
valued at $100 an acre. The property ad
joins that of Miss Harmon's father. John
Sweet had maintained Intimate relations
with the defendant and the father
threatened to have him sent to the peni
tentiary if he did not deed the property to
the daughter. This was done under
duress. The decision by Dooling is as fol
lows: .
"Although I believe that the defendant
was injured by plaintiff, John Sweet, yet
I am also convinced that her friends pur
sued the wrong course to obtain redress,
if redress were possible. Threats for ob
taining the aid of the criminal court can
not be substituted for a civil action. The
consideration for the deed in question was
in every aspect an illegal one. Judgment
will be entered in favor of plaintiff.
Winners at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, March 7. — Fine
weather and a fast track were the Con
ditions to-day.
One mile, Balance All won, Delgado sec
ond, Logistic third. Time, 1:44.
Seven furlongs, selling, Percy F won,
Ben Frost second. Globe II third. Time,
1:28%.
One mile, selling. What Next won,
Glentnoyne second, Robert Bonner third.
Time, 1:42%.
Handicap, one mile and twenty yards.
Octavo won. Elkin second, Albert S
third. Time. 1:42%.
One mile and a sixteenth, Rockwood
won, Jim Conway second. Briggs third.
Time, 1:50%.
Six furlongs, selling, Tewanda won.
Oninoor second, Corel!! third. Time, lil&V*.
LOS ANGELES
COUNCILMEN
ARE DUPED
Month of Valuable
Time Needlessly
Wasted.
— — _
Waited Patiently for the
Water Company's
Inventory.
Receive Instead a Letter That
Gives Absolutely No In
formation.
THE MONOPOLY DEFIANT.
Agnin Shows Its Contempt for the
Lawmakers of the South
ern Metropolis.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 7.— The water
company to-day made answer to the
Council resolution requesting an inven
tory of the property it took over from
the city thirty years ago, and of the
improvements made since then. The
answer is signed by the attorneys for
the water company — White & Monroe
and J. S. Chapman— and is addressed to
the City Attorney.
The tenor of the letter indicates that
the four weeks which have been con
sumed in obtaining it have been wasted.
Another month has passed and what
was sought has not been obtained, nor
will it be. The water company stock
holders have united themselves and will
now proceed to fight municipal control
of the plant to the bitter end. They
have buried all their differences and
are enlisted for a war against the peo
ple of Los Angeles, in which they will
be supported by the syndicated daily
press. The Times, Herald and Ex
press will do the bidding of the com
pany on all occasions.
The company says that it is ready
to sell at a reasonable price. That reas
onable price is $3.ooo,ooo— just $2,000,000
more than the value of the plant as es
timated by the City Engineer.
The litigation over the ownership of
the water of the Crystal Springs drags
its weary way through the Superior
Court and it will probably be hung up
for years to come. As time goes by
it becomes more clearly evident that
the water company does not intend to
give up the city's plant at the expira
tion of the lease. The following is the
letter the water company has sent to
the City Attorney in answer to the call
for information:
Yours of the 14th ult. has been sub
mitted to us, together with the resolution
of the Council to which it refers. We are
not sure that we exactly understand what
is intended by this resolution. If refer
ence is made to the property received by
the Lns Angeles City Water Company we
would remind you that the contract Itself
required the replacing of the wooden
pipes with iron pipes, which was done
nearly thirty years ago, and that the re
mainder of the old city water works haa
long since gone to decay and has been
replaced, improved and extended by the
Los Angeles City Water Company, and
the work so done constitutes improve
ments under the contract and there is
nothing in the hands of the Los Angeles
City Water Company in the shape of
water works received from the city.
If the reference is to the works con
structed by the Los Angeles City Water
Company we would remind you that both
the Crystal Springs Land and Water
Company and the Los Angeles City Water
Company furnished a schedule to the
water supply committee of the City Coun
cil of all their properties nearly a year
ago and which said properties were ex
amined by the City Engineer and all the
information that we possessed was given
to the engineer and water supply com
mittee at that time. Since that time some
additional improvements have been made.
We have also, or could quickly compile,
in general terms a complete list or in
ventory of all the property of both com
panies, but have supposed that the city
was in full possession of all those things.
It is but recently that we haye entered
into a stipulation with you in the United
States Court concerning the pipes, fire
hydrants and reservoirs of the Los Ange
les City Water Company.
If, however, the meantng of the resolu
tion is that the Council desires a specilic
statement from us of our claims under
the terms of the contract, or rather of
what we claim is not under the terms
of the contract, we would answer that
the Crystal Springs Land and Water
Company is the owner of certain lands,
rights of way, waters and water rights
and conduits which we claim are not im
provements under the terms of the con
tracts, but constitute the property of the
Crystal Springs Land and Water Com
pany.
However, it has never been our inten
tion to raise any hair-splitting distinc
tions on the meaning of the term "im
provements," as used in the contract. It
would doubtless be a matter of Interpre
tation were we disposed to make any con
troversy about it, and that interpreta
tion could be ma,de as well by you as
by us, and we suppose that the inter
pretation of neither party to the con
tract would be conclusive upon the other;
but it has always been our desire to
avoid any question of that kind, and to
Bay to the Council again, as we have said
before, that we are ready to sell all of the
property of the Crystal Springs Land and
Water Company and of the Lop Angeles
City Water Company upon receiving ade
quate compensation.
Finally, if any further or more specific
information is desired we will supply the
same to the best of our ability; but re
quest that inquiries regarding the same
be definite as practicable, as with the ex
ception of improvements made since the
schedule was furnished you, we are not
aware of any property belonging to either
company of which you have not already
a detailed statement.
LONE HIGHWAYMAN
ELUDES HIS PURSUERS.
SANTA BARBARA. March 7.— Deputy
Sheriffs Storni and De la Cuesta, who are
searching for the outlaw who robbed the
stage near here yesterday, have reported
to Sheriff Hicks that they tracked the
road agent to the summit of the moun
tains adjacent to Santa Ynez, where they
lost the trail. Deputy Sheriff Storni sent
word to the Sheriff to-day that he had
good reason tp holieve that the highway
man slept last night at Goleta. as a man
answering the description of the robber
as given by the driver of the stage was
seen at Goleta. Sheriff Hicks, on the re
ceipt of this information, sent two men
to Goleta, but up to a late hour to-night
they had been unsuccessful in their
search. Some of the Sheriff's officers are
of the opinion that the robber left here
by train this morning and is fast making
his way to Mexico.
Deputy Sheriff Storni, in his message,
says that he found the express box back
some distance from the road. It was
broken into pieces.
San Rafael Flower Festival.
SAN RAFAEL, March 7.— Leading citi
zens are arranging to hold a flower festi
val toward the latter part of April.
Among those Interested are A. W. Foster.
Henry Eikhoff, Jerry Burke and Henry
C. Sonntag.
BORDER LAW ON
COPPER RIVER
Miners' Court Organized
to Punish All Of-
fenders.
Death the Penalty for Larceny
as Well as for the Crime
of Murder.
Trainload of Reindeer Arrives at Se
attle En Route to the Frozen
North.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, March 7.— The steamer
Alliance arrived to-day from Copper |
River, Alaska. Captain Hardwick re- |
ports everything quiet when he left, ■
Prospectors are now going over the
Valdea pass into the interior without
any trouble. The trail is reported to be
In good condition.
The citizens of Copper River, on Val
des Bay, have organized a court for the
purpose of dealing with law breakers.
A set of laws has been drawn up which j
provide that all offenses are to be tried !
by a jury of twelve. The accused per
son is to have the right of three per
emtpory challenges, in the impaneling i
of the jury. In case of murder the
penalty is to be death. In all cases
Of larceny of over $100 the penalty is j
to be the same as that for murder. :
When under $100 complete restitution is
to be made and the offender given ten .
days in which to get out of the coun
try.
To-night a trainload of reindeer for I
the Government relief expedition ar- ;
rived "in Seattle. Captain Robinson had j
orders to unload the animals immedi- j
ately upon their arrival here. The deer ■
are now in a paddock at Woodland I
Park. They will rest here a few days ,
before being shipped north. Although Jt
baa been announced from Washington
that the Government relief expedition i
into Dawson has been abandoned, the ,
officials here have no official notice to
that effect.
These Lapland reindeer, which ar
rived in New York on the steamer Man
itoban, twenty-four days from Bosekap, j
left St. Paul on the Great Northern Fri
day morning for Seattle on a special I
train of thirty-four cars. There are ;
537 reindeer and they occupied twenty !
cars. Tourist cars were needed for the !
113 Laplanders who accompany the j
reindeer. Eleven carloads of moss for I
the animals' fodder helped to make up j
the train. Besides the animals and
tbelr accompaniment of keepers there |
are 418 reindeer sleds, 511 sets of rein
deer harness and between 3000 and 4000
sacks of moss. But one deer was lost i
on the journey of 4000 miles from Lap
land. The contract called for their
delivery in Seattle from New York in
150 hours. The herd Is -said to have
cost $50,000, and was purchased by Rev.
Sheldon Jackson.
The personnel of the Immigrants Is
divided as follows: Forty-three Lapp,
ten Finn and fifteen Norwegian rein
deer herders and drivers, nineteen wo
men and twenty-six children. In the
party are six bridal couples who were
married a few days before sailing for j
New York.
VICTORIA, March 7.— F. Nicholas, <
who arrived from Dawson City to-day, j
confirms reports of big strikes onAmer- j
lean Creek and a stampede to that place ;
from Dawson. He also reports rich :
strikes on Rosebud Creek, fifty miJes
this side of Dawson. Prospectors took
out from $4 to $6 to the pan, and when
the news reached Dawson a big crowd i
started for the new diggings. The creek ;
is said to be very rich. Major Walsh |
Is coming back to Skaguay for some
reason, but the rest of his party are
continuing on to Dawson.
INVADES A YOUNG
LADY'S BOUDOIR
Joseph Santos Roughly Han
died by a Citizen of
Bolinas.
Screams of His Intended Victim
Bring Assistance and He Is
Soundly Thrashed.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
SAN RAFAEL, March 7.— Joseph San- j
tos, a Portuguese, is in the County Jail !
under serious charges, and the little town
of Bolinas is in a turmoil over an inci
dent which occurred on Saturday night at
the residence of Charles Lauff. Santos,
•who owns a number of chickens, making
a meager living by selling eggs and doing
odd jobs, entered the Lauff residence and,
creeping up the stairs, entered the room
occupied by one of the daughters of
Lauff. A slight noise made by the Por
tuguese awakened Miss Lauff, who asked ,
who was there. Getting no answer, she '
asked:
"Is that you, Marcus? meaning her
"No, this is Santos," replied the Portu
guese, who was by this time at the side
of the bed.
The affrighted girl jumped from the op
posite side of her couch and shouted loud- ;
ly for assistance. Hiram Nolt, her uncle,
who was sleeping in the next room, heard
the girl's cries, and rushed into her apart
ment. He seized Santos by the throat
and threw him to the floor. Then, drag
ging him out of the room, he almost
strangled him, and was about to pick
the Portuguese up and throw him down
the stairs when the members of the fam- ]
ily interfered and begged that the fellow
be turned over to the authorities and tne |
law allowed to deal with him.
Constable McCoy of Bolinas was sent !
for, and, taking charge of the prisoner, j
lodged him in Jail for the night. Santos
was brought to San Rafael yesterday
and quietly placed in a cell in the County
Jail. Some time ago Santos was warned
not to go near the Lault residence, as it
was feared that he was hanging around
for no good purpose. Th€- Lauffs are
among the wealthiest people at Bolinas. I
There are two daughters, both of them j
beautiful and estimable, ladles.
CORPSE IN THE RUINS
OF A BURNED CABIN.
Evidence of Probable Murder and
Bobbery in the Big Panoche
Country.
FRESNO, March 7.— A miner recently
came across the ruins of a burned cabin
in the Big Panoche country. In the Coast
Range, about a hundred miles from this
city, and in the ashes he discovered the
charred remains of the occupant of the
place. The ilnd was reported to Coroner
Long this evening, and he started for the
place to hold an inquest.
It was learned that the occupant of the
cabin was a Mexican named M. Molino.
who lived all alone in that desolate part
of the country. There is a strong sus
picion among the miners that he was
Killed for his money and that his cabin
was then fired to hide the evidences of
guilt. It is said that Molino had consid
erable money In his cabin. Molino is said
to have hud trouble over mining claims.
LOWER TAXES
FOR FARMERS
San Joaquin's Assessor
Will Consider Lack
of Rain.
Valuations of the Property
Most Affected to Be De
creased.
Does Not Intend That the Pro
ducers Shall Be Unjustly
Burdened.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, March 7.— County As
sessor Ortman, the official who last
year led the fight of the State of
ficials on assessments of solvent cred
its and national bank stocks, said to
day that the lack of rain and the poor
outlook for crops would be duly con
sidered by him in making up his valu«
ations.
"Will the absence of rainfall and
the prospects of a dry season have any
effect on the property valuations?"
was asked.
"Yes; we cannot ignore these condl*
tions. The farms and homes, under
the present outlook, should not l»j
made to bear an unjust proportion of
the tax. The reductions to be made
will be chietly on the farms and the
homes. It will not do to confiscate
them when they bear no revenue. It
will also affect the personal property
of the farmers, particularly the stock.
With parched pastures the farmers
will be forced to sell their cattle and
sheep, and without harvests the draft
animals will be idle. This will depress
values naturally and we will have to
take notice of it in fixing values. I
expect to reduce quite materially the
assessments of farms, homes and stock
"We will increase the assessment of
all business property and realty avail
able for business purposes. Rents are
constant in most instances and the
property is increasing in value. Cer
tainty of revenue and increasing
value are the conditions that warrant
a higher valuation. I can't tell you
even approximately how the assess
ment will compare with that of last
year, because I don't know, and it is
not made yet. But the intention is to
reduce the farms and homes and make
part of it up in business property."
It is understood that several other
County Assessors in the valley will
follow Mr. Ortman's ideas.
MR. NELSON PREFERS
GOTHBURG TO BERGEN.
May Not Accept the Position of
American Consul at the
Former Place.
WASHINGTON. March 7.— Victor E.
Nelson of San Francisco will not take
charge of his new post as Consul to Ber
gen, Norway, for some time to come, if
at all. He was anxious to make a trans
fer and go to Gothburg instead of Ber
fen. The negotiations for such a trans
er have not been concluded, and Mr.
Nelson is in doubt whether he will accept
the Consulship to Bergen. He will re
main in Washington pending a settlement
of the affair.
.. ADVERTISEMENTS. .:
PSSI El KrSi G35§58 j^^k
ELECTRO^
MEDICAL
H^nn B Hi OWawl IS fiKjd kJ
TREATMENT
HIS NEW APPLICATION OF THE COM.
' -•■ bined curative powers of both medical and
electrical treatment, as administered by the
; skilled physicians of the Electro-Medical Insti-
tute, cor. Market, Powell and Eddy streets, ha,3
proven a wonderful success, exercising over
1 disease a curative power never before Known
to the Medical World. The Doctors of this
Institute are curing all manner of Diseases so
quickly that those who bad lost all hope of
health are amazed at the wonderful results
obtained through this new system of Electric,
ity and Medicine combined. Immediate relief
' is given and perfect cures speedily follow,
many of which would have been impossible
through electrical treatment alone or medical
treatment alone.
ilCQlfllC' Insomnia, Hysteria, Chronio
nCnlLvi Headaches. Nervous Twlch-
ings. Palpitation of the Heart, Dizziness, Evil
Forebodings, Melancholia, Weak and Sinking
Spells, Nervous Debility and all Its attendant
ailments. The awful effects of neglected or
improperly treated cases, producing weakness
of body and brain, dizziness, falling memory,
lack of energy and confidence, pains In back,
loins and kidneys, and other distressing symp-
toms. Our Electro-Medical Treatment is the
only successful cure for nervous ailments
DUEim ATICBI and all kindred diseases
nilhUltlJl I 3 dm of the joints and muscles
yield at once to its influences.
AITIBDU of the Nose, Throat, Lungs and
UN I Mil sl Stomach. Our special com-
bined catarrh treatment never fails.
ri nnn Ann citiii diseases of all
DLUUU Anil OMH classes thorough-
ly eradicated from the system.
niCC ACEC of tbe Heart, Stomach, Liver,
UIOCAOC.O Kidneys, Bladder and kindred
organs treated by the Electro-Medical System
with unfailing success.
I AniSIC ™ s Electro-Medical Combined
LHU Itwi treatment is a boon to sufferers
from all diseases peculiar to women.
WRITE lf you cannot call, and get the
■I 111 IE Doctors opinion of your case.
CONSULTATION FREE £ ESS
State Electro-Medical Institute
MARKET, POWELL & EDDY STS.
Entrance, 3 Eddy St. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
DYE A and
SKAGUAY
■• DIRECT.
i Alaska-Yuk*on Transportation Co.'s •
Steamer "DIRIGO"
' Will receive freight at 10 A. M. MONDAY,
; March 7, at Mission No. 1.
For freight and passage apply to No. 3
Steuart street. t
Wrist's Indian Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persona who
have used them for over forty years to mr«
; SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS; CUNSTTpI
Groan's Sped Mixture
With ■ this remedy * persons can cure them-
selves v without t the least exposure, change oi
diet or change in application to business Th
medicine contains nothing. of the least "lnjurj
i a S b o«ie? n - AS your drug * to 'SBRAVE M'EVOY'S
LAST BATTLE
Witnesses Describe the
Fight With Tom
Flannelly.
Details of the Desperate Com
bat on the Dairy
Ranch.
'Volleys of Bvillets Exchanged by
the Sheriff's Force tmd the
Parricide .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PAN JOSE. March 7.— The details of
*he tight with the officers at me dairy
ranch where the shooting of Sheriff
McEvoy occurred and of the arrest of
the parricide were given in the Flan
nelly murder trial to-day.
Undertaker James Crowe of Redwood
City was recalled this morning. He
Eaid he was at the Flannelly house af
ter the killing, but did not hear Mrs.
Flannelly say, "1 don't blame Tom."
F- H. Reinkeimer and Claude Fox were
The next witnesses, but their testimony
was unimportant.
Constable Charles B. Barton of Red- J
City served the notices on Tom
Flannelly and Doyle to vacate the
premises and was present at the de
fendant's arrest. He served two no- I
on Tom Flannelly and D. H. \
]■ yle. The first notice was served on j
October 13 and the next on October 26. j
The first was a demand for rent. The j
second was a demand upon them to va- j
cate the premises. When he served the :
papers on Flannelly on the night of Oc
tober 26 the young man said:
"Take those papers back to my
father and teU him to keep them."
Flannelly at first seemed angry at j
the serving of the paper. Afterward !
when his partner spoke to him he be- j
came more calm, but he said that if he j
took the papers he would burn them.
Constable Barton said he visited the
ranch later in the evening with Sheriff
McEvoy to arrest Flannelly.
■When we arrived at the place," said ,
he. "Sheriff McEvoy halloed for Timi I
to come out. The Sheriff then knocked !
and the defendant responded, 'Leave
that door alone.' The Sheriff called
four different times. After the second
demand the Sheriff procured a key and
tried to open the door. Failing in this
he obtained a hatchet and tried to pry {
the door open. McEvoy did not sue- j
ceed in opening the door. Under Sher
iff Mansfield was there, having arrived
two or three minutes after the Sheriff
had asked the defendant for the last
time to open the door. The door was
forced crp»n by Mansfield. I heard a
phot as the door went in, followed by
six others from Mansfield. About sev
enteen shots were fired in all. The de
fendant was afterward arrested. When
I entered, following Mansfield, Flan
nelly was in bed. I saw no weapon at
that time, but when I pulled the bed
clothes off I saw a Winchester rifle ly
ing in the bed on his left side. Mans
field too-k the defendant into custody."
Sheriff J. H. Mansfield of San Mateo
County was then called, and told of
the bloody fight at the dairy ranch.
Said he:
•I arrived at the ranch house occu
pied by Thomas Flannelly at about
9:30 o'clock. Sheriff McEvoy was In the
yard and we went into the dining
room and then opened the door of the
bedroom, where Flannelly was sup
posed, to be. Before opening it I
knocked loudly and called out several
times, but received no response. I then
kicked the door open. Immediately
there came a shot from the inside. I
saw who fired it; it was Thomas Flan
nelly. He was sitting on the bed with
the 'rifle in his hands. He fired from
three to five shots in all. I fired about
fourteen shots myself. I stood in the
doorway, about eight feet from Flan
nelly. I ceased firing when Flannelly
f;u<l he had enough and that he was
d^ad. I used three revolvers. I did
not enter the room as soon as the
shooting stopped. I again asked Flan
nelly if he had enough. He answered,
•Fes, I'm dead.' He was wounded in
Fix or seven places.
"After I had secured the rifle I
raised up his pillow and found a re
volver. He said the revolver was the
one he killed his father with. There
-n-prp three empty shells in it when I
found it. There was one loaded cart
ridge and It was next to the hammer.
When Sheriff McEvoy was shot he
handed me his pistol. After the shoot
ing was over Deputy Sheriff Butt
handed me a shotgun and then I en
tered the room and covered Flannelly."
Sheriff Mansfield said that all the
shots were fired within ten or twelve
seconds. It was in the nature of a
fusillade. When the rifle was picked
up it had four loaded cartridges in it.
There were a number of empty shells
on the bed.
Simon Winner testified that about
three weeks before Flannelly killed his
father he said that "if the old man
troubled him any more he would show
him what kind of a boy he had." The
witness admitted on cross-examination
ho was weak minded and had attempt
ed suicide on two occasions.
It is expected the prosecution will
close its case to-morrow afternoon.
WILD WEST SHOW
MARRED BY DISASTER.
Aeronaut's Balloon Is Burned and a
Bronco "Buster" Dragged by
His Steed.
RTOrKTON, March 7.— An amateur
"Wild Wert" show at Goodwater Grove
lnst evening had a disastrous ending. The
programme was to have opened with a
balloon ascension, and lust as the ven
turesome sky pilot was about to sail away
to the cloud's the big canvas bag caught
fire ai>d was blown around in every direc
tion The spectacular exhibition was at
tended by such danger that spectators
sought safety at a distance.
The next was the breaking bronco epi-
Bofle A local man named Conklin mount
ed the animal and was promptly thrown.
His foot becam" entangled in the stirrup
end i h<- horse started off on a run. The
nnlma! made straight for the fence, and.
without slackening its speed, knocked off
B few hoards and dragged the bleeding
and mangled man after It. Conklin was
finally released and removed to his home.
Aftof an examination the doctors did not
express much hope for his recovery- He
is very low to-day, and it is not thought
that he will survive.
Two Deaths on the Desert.
SAN BERNARDINO, March 7.— Jacob
Taylor of Daggett and Samuel Litts of
Needles died suddenly on Saturday night,
and the Coroner has gone out to Inves
tigate. Thoir death is thought to have
been due to the sale of deadly wood alco
hol at Paggett. It has caused six deaths
on the desert in the past month, a stran
ger named Kelley dying on Thursday.
Run Over by a Wagon.
SAN BERNARDINO. March 7.— A
teamster. James Orr. employed at Hes
peria by 8. F. Kelley of this city, was
run over in Cajon Pass last evening 1 and
killed. The wagon seat was rickety and
the jolting broke It, throwing Orr back
under a rear wheel, which passed over
I hi- iead and chest.
BRICE HAS
A DISCIPLE
Now Comes Dr. Everette
With a Formula for
Making Gold.
Claims to Have Produced Yel
low Metal From Pure
Antimony.
Elaborate Explanation by the Ex-
Alaska Explorer of the Secrets
of His Process.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, March 7.— Dr. Willis E.
Everette, a prominent chemist and as
sayer, announces to-day that as a re
sult of fifteen years' of experiments he
has discovered how to transmute an
timony into gold. The slag also con
tains traces of copper, but how much
cannot be told until assays are com
pleted to-morrow. The climax of Dr.
Everette's work came this morning,
when after fifty hours' work he cooled
off the cupel in which the refining pro
cess had been completed and at its bot
tom found a tiny button of gold. The
discovery of this pin point of precious
metal pleased him more than a check
for $10,000 could have done. It meant
that his years of experimenting had
not been in vain; that he had dis
covered oue link in a chain of knowl
edge which, when fully known, will
probably permit of the transmuta
tion of what are known as elements
into new and valuable combinations.
Dr. Everette said:
•'This is the first experiment with an
timony in which I have obtained any
thing practical and tangible. I have
obtained gold and traces of copper. The
slag seems to contain more copper. The
result is to prove that antimony, gold
and copper are not elements, strictly
speakine. but compounds. It may be
that all so-called elements are simply
compounds of one element. Others have
obtained gold and silver from base
metals, but no one has previously ob
tained copper. These experiments are
along the line of those of Emmons of
New York, Tissandier of France, Brice
of Chicago and others. Emmons makes
gold from silver. I have been notified
that antimony has been used as a basis
of a compound from which gold has
been obtained and sold to the mints."
As far as known Dr. Everette is the
i second chemist to produce gold from
antimony, the other being Brice of Chi
cago. Dr. Everette's formula is the re
sult of his own experiments and corre
spondence. He mixed antimony with
1 eight other elements and compounds,
i the object being to produce the great
est heat and pressure in the furnace.
These ingredients were carbon, oxide
! of soda, silicon, sulphur, iron by hydro
gen, oxveen gas, oxide of alumnia and
j oxide of magnesia. These, as well as
the antimony, were from Merck's lab
j oratory in Germany and guaranteed
■ chemically pure. This makes it abso-
l utely certain that none of them con
, tamed gold or copper before it was
heated. These nine substances were
subjected to long continued and very
great heat under great pressure. The
average temperature was 4700 degrees
Fahrenheit. At times, especially dur
ing an explosion purposely caused in
the covered crucible while in the fur
nace, a temperature of 5000 to 6000 de
grees wa s attained. Ordinary fire
brick melted like water under this
i tremendous heat. The transmutation
i is brought about by a change in the
| atomic weights of the substances. Dr.
I Everette reasons that if by changes
I brought about last night gold and cop-
I per can be produced, who can tell what
■ future combinations of atoms and re
{ suiting substances may be brought
about under greater heat and pressure.
His gold-makir.g process requires fifty
j hours to complete and consists of five
' distinct parts. The tiny button of gold
secured was obtained from twenty-five
j grammes of chemically pure antimony.
Last October Dr. Everette says he
transmuted pure silver into gold at the
rate of $3 gold from thirty-two ounces
of silver. He is certain he is now on
the right track and will push his expe
j riments.
SAYS BRITAIN CONSPIRED
TO INCREASE FAMINE.
Grave Charge Made by an Irish
Member in the House of
Commons.
LONDON. March 7.— There was a little
scene In the House of Commons during
the discussion of the grant for the relief
of distress In Ireland. John Swift Mac-
Neil. anti-Parnellite member for Smith
Donegal, charged the Government with
having tried toward the end of last sum
mer to check American donations. He
quoted a telegram from Earl Cadognn,
Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, to the cor
respondent of a New York newspaper in
support of his statement. Gerald Bat
four, Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieu
tenant, interposed:
"No, no. nothing of the kind. The ob
ject of the telegram was to check exag
gerated accounts of the distress."
Mr. MacNeil repeated that the Govern
ment had tried to paralyze American as
sistance in oro>r to increase the distress
and bring the Irish people Into the power
of the landlords. H^ asserted that Peel
promoted the Irish famine of 1547 In order
to remove the surplus population and he
demanded a reply from the Chief Secre-
tury.
Mr. Balfour declined to reply, saying
that the speech of the honorable member
for South Donegal answered itself.
POULTRY AND PET STOCK.
Many Entries for the Coming Show
in Santa Barbara.
SANTA BARBARA, March 7.— The San
ta Barbara County Poultry and Pet
Stock Association will hold its first an
nual show on March 9. 10, 11 and 12. The
secretary haa already received the entries
of 100 dogs and 250 fowls. Among the many
fine dogs entered are: Stamboul, a litter
brother to Champion, Countess Noble.
Queen of Counts and C. A. Loud's Nita
Gladstone, fine English setter. Charles
Sumner of San Diego will have on exhibi
tion his fine fox terrier.
S. L. Roberts of San Diego is to judge
American and Asiatic, and S. Tyler of
Pasadena Mediterranean poultry. C. A.
Loud of Santa Barbara is to judge
Eigeons and pet stock. In the dog class
. Tyler, Pasadena, is to judge grey
hounds and deerhounds; C A. Sumner.
Los Angeles, fox terriers, and all other
classes, H. T. Payne. Those up in these
matters state that this will be the finest
and best dog and poultry show ever held
in Southern California.
THRASHED FOR HIS PAINS.
Troubles of a Divorcee Who Thirsted
for Revenge.
WOODLAND, March 7.— A few months
ago Mrs. Neal Jacobs obtained a divorce
from her husband. Since that time Ja
cobs has acted in a very erratic manner.
He has kept a close surveillance upon his
divorced wife and those with whom she
associates. V-
Jay Hurst, a son of one of her attor
neys, called at her residence on Sunday
nisrjat. As li« was leaving Jacobs fol
THE SA^ FH AS CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 8, 1898.
lowed him for some distance, and without
any warning struck him over the neaa
with a cane. Hurst grappled with hie as
sailant, threw him down and called lust
ily for help. _ ..
When assistance arrived Jacobs was
released Rnd allowed to go. He left town
at an early hour this morning.
CANADA WOULD CLOSE
THE KLONDIKE GATEWAYS.
Ottawa Statesmen Bidicule This
Government's Requests for
Concessions.
TORONTO, Ont., March 7.— The Ot
tawa correspondent of the Globe (the
Liberal Government's mouthpiece), re
ferring to-day to the passage of the
Alaskan homestead law by the United j
States and the concessions to be asked
from Canada in return for the privi
lege of bonding goods at Fort Wran
gel, says:
"The answer of our Government to
the remarkable legislation passed by |
the Senate at Washington on Friday,
should it receive the President's sanc
tion, will be a courteous reminder that .
we intend to navigate the Stlckeen un
der the treaty rights, which give us
this privilege forever.
"The bill adopted in effect gives us
the right to enter goods at Wrangel
and tranship in bond only on certain
important conditions, among them that
we shall allow all American miners en- J
tering the Yukon to carry in a half ton ;
of food, clothing and tools free of |
duty; that we shall allow American :
fishermen the right to purchase bait
in our ports; that we shall give char- I
ters to American railways beginning at \
Dyt-a and Skaguay and desiring to
build through British territory; that |
we shall issue miners' licenses at points i
convenient for United States citizens.
"There is not a petty South American j
State that would allow itself to be held
up in this manner, and there is a good \
deal of scornful amusement among ■
j members of Parliament over the de-
I mands of the United States Senate. It
will be probably intimated to the au
thorities at Washington as plainly as
diplomatic words can intimate it that
Canada will shut up the Yukon as tight
as a bottle, turn back all American
miners and keep the gold fields as they
are. undeveloped, until a railway can
be built from an ocean port of British
Columbia into the region, rather than
submit to terms of the sort contained In
the bill."
CRIES AGAINSfTI
GAS MONOPOLY
Carter of Montana Speaks of an
"Infamous and Audacious Out
rage" in Washington.
WASHINGTON, March 7.— To-day's ses
sion of the Senate was devoted entirely to |
consideration of the District of Columbia
appropriation bill. At the hour of ad
journment the bill had not been disposed
of and its discussion will be continued to
morrow.
The present monopoly in the city of the
Chesapeake and Potomac Telephone Com
pany on account of high rates was se
verely scored.
Carter of Montana urged that the bill go
over until to-morrow as he desired to of
fer an amendment relating to the gas
supply of Washington.
<r A more infamous and audacious out
rage was never perpetrated on an inof
fensive public than is nightly perpetrated
by the Washington Gaslight Company,
declared Carter, "and I desire to present
an amendment that will afford the suffer
ing people of this city an onportunitv to
force the company to give them what they
■\t his suggestion the bill was laid aside
and at 5:45 p. m. the Senate went into
executive session and soon afterward ad
journed. During the morning hour Allen
of Nebraska presented the petition of ls.
000 railway men of Pennsylvania In favor
of legislation to prevent the abuse of the
writ of injunction.
WOUNDED RANCHER
RACES WITH DEATH.
With a Severed Artery He Travels at
Breakneck Speed to Beach
a Doctor.
SALINAS. March 7.— John Souza, a
rancher living in the Jamesburg country,
had a race for his life this morning. With
the main artery in his leg severed he
drove ten miles to reach physicians In
this city.
James Lewis, who was chopping wood
on Souza'a ranch, in some unaccountable
way let the ax slip off the handle and the
sharp edge struck Souza on the instep,
sinking to the bone and severing the ar
tery. The unfortunate man's condition
was quite apparent to Lewis, and he well
knew that unless Souza could receive
medical aid at once he would bleed to
death The limb was hurriedly bandaged;
then the man was put into a spring
wagon and driven to this city as rapidly
as possible. By the time he reached a
doctor's office here he was extremely
weak from the excessive loss of blood,
but it is thought he will recover.
SEALING OFF MONTEBEY.
Two British Schooners in Quest of
Ocean Fur- Bearers.
MONTEREY. March 7.— Two British
sealing schooners, the Santiago and the
Anooka. from Victoria, bound southward,
came into port here to-day for water and
to avoid the rough weather outsiue.
These vessels are now seallne along this
coast, and are manned by four white men
and twenty British Columbia Indians
each They carry eighteen Indian canoes
for the use of the Indian sealers. While
about six miles off Point Sur light two
days ago tne Anooka lost two boats, and
turned northward to find them. The
boats— a ship's boat, containing two white
men and a canoe in which there were
Indians— were hunting, and were unable
to find their vessel in the fog. They have
since been heard from, safely ashore near
Point Sur. The sealers will l^ave here
as soon a« the present storm abates.
VICTORY FOR A RAILWAY.
Nebraska's Freight Bate Law De
clared Unconstitutional.
"WASHINGTON, March 7.— Justice Har
lan to- diy delivered an opinion In the.
Nebraska maximum freight-rate ease. He
hHd the Nebraska law to be contrary to
the fourteenth amendment, in that it au
thorized the taking of property without
due process of law and was therefore in
valid Hence the railroad won.
Justice Harlan's opinion affirmed the
opinion of the Circuit Court of Appeals
of the eighth circuit, which was against
the maximum freight-rates law and fa
vorable to the railroads.
SUFFERS AWFUL BURNS.
GRASS VALLEY, March 7.— A lamp ex
ploded in the home of Mrs. James Tyrrell
on Church street to-night. Just as she
was about to retire. The flames ignited
her clothing and her screams attracted
the neighbors. The doors all being locked,
they had to break In. The woman's cloth
ing was still on fire and she was horribly
burned before the flames were extin
guished. The building was gutted by the
tire that was started by the explosion.
Brings a Foreclosure Suit.
SAN JOSE, March 7.— A Judgment for
$89,000, principal of a note, and $2000 at
torney fees against Tyler Beach, pro
prietor of the St. James Hotel was filed
In Judge Hyland's court to-day. Tnis
decision is the result of a foreclosure suit
by the regents of the University of Cali
fornia who advanced Beach the money
out of the Lick trust fund. The mort
gaged property consists of the St. James
Hotel and its annex. A decree of fore
closure has been ordered.
Westlake's Third Trial.
SALINAS, March 7.— The case of the
People vs. ex-Tax-Collector Charles L.
Westlake was called In the Superior
Court this morning. The present case 1b
for embezzlement of county licenses for
1897, amounting to $371. Mr. Westlake is
under four indictments for embezzling
county funds, aggregating about $15,000.
He has bean tried on two charges, un
one he was acquitted and on the second
the Jury uisagreed.
COMPLICATIONS
IN THE ORIENT
England Not Informed as
to the Demands of
Russia.
Deep Interest Taken in the
Latest Move on the Chinese
Frontier.
Much Uneasiness In Government Cir
cles at Peking Over the Throats
of the Czar.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, March 7.— Replying in the
House of Commons to-day to Sir Ellis
Ashmead Bartlett, Conservative, Mr. i
Curzon, the Parliamentary Secretary !
for the Foreign Office, said the Govern- j
ment could not confirm the message to
the London Times from Peking, pub
lished to-day, saying that Russia has
demanded that China surrender to her
all sovereignty rights over Port Ar
thur and Taiien Wan for the same pe
riod and on the same conditions as in
the case of Germany at Kiaochau Bay, j
besides demanding. Important railroad J
concessions, giving five days within
which to receive a reply and threaten
ing to move troops into Manchuria in
the event of non-compliance with her
also said the Government i
had no confirmation of the report that ;
Russia had occupied Deer Island, Ko- j
rea nor could the Government confirm ;
the' reports setting forth that Russia
was strengthening the forts at Port Ar-
A^dispatcn from Nagasaki, Japan, to
the Daily Mail says the Korean Cabi
net with the exception of the Foreign
Minister Mm Chong Mouk, have re
signed because Mm granted the Deer j
Island concession to Russia without
the consent of the Cabinet.
PEKING, March 7.— Much uneasiness !
Is felt in Chinese circles in consequence j
of the Russian demands. The Russian I
Minister of Finance, moreover is re
ported to have urged these demands
peremptorily, and to have complained
that the Chinese loan was settled in (
spite of the disapproval of Russia.
All kinds of speculators are nocking
! here for the purpose of securing con
cessions for electric lighting street
railroads and regular railroads, etc.
The Chinese merchants are showing
great eagerness to participate in the
March 7.— The Russian
Government has ordered thirty new
torpedo-boats to augment the Russian i
Pacific squadron at Vladivostok and
Port Arthur. Russia also proposes to
keep eight cruisers of the volunteer
fleet continually in far Eastern waters
instead of the Black Sea, so as to avoid
the possibility of being hampered by
Great Britain closing the Suez Canal.
CALIFORNIA STREAMS
WILL BE IMPROVED.
Bobert T. Devlin Certain That Con
gress Will Grant the Appro
priation.
SACRAMENTO. Mfirch 7.— Robert T.
Devlin, who, with J. M. Gleaves of Red
ding and J. A. Buell of Stockton, haa
been In Washington. D. C, in the Inter
est of legislation for the San Joaquln and
Sacramento rivers an<l th.ir tributaries,
has returned and in an interview in the
Bee to-day says that the river and har
bor bill will be passed at either this ses
sion of Congress or the session beginning
in December. Several of the large
items that have hitherto gone into the
river and harbor bill are this year in the
sundry civil bill, which provides among
other things for the continuance of work
at Oakland and San Pedro harbors. By
placing these items In the sundry civil
bill the river and harbor bill will be light
ened to that extent, urn] will enable the
committee on rivers and harbors to re
port a bill carrying a larger appropria
tion than would be possible If it also had
to provide for the harbor work, which ap
propriations will be made in the sundry
civil bill.
Mr. Devlin said that the chairman of
the committee. Mr. Hooker, was person
ally familiar with the necessity for the
Improvement of the rivers, and had so
expressed himself, and that there could
be no question that when the river and
harbor bill was reported to the House ap
propriatfons would be made for the im
provement of the Sacramento River, in
accordance with the recommendations of
the engineers. Devlin further said that
the engineers had not yet reported plans
for the building of dams or restraining
barriers, and until such a report was
made Congress could take no action. It
is understood that the laws of Congress
prohibiting hydraulic mining will not be
amended In any particular.
BOLD ROBBERY OF
A MADERA RANCHER.
Assaulted by Thieves and a Load
of Provisions Taken From His
Wagon.
MADERA, March 7.— Oeorge Healy, a
wealthy rancher of this county, met with
an unpleasant experience this afternoon.
Healy had been in Madera laying; in a
stock of provisions, and had returned
toward his home as far as the gate lead
ing into the surrounding field. While on
the ground opening the gate, two men
who had driven up lumped out of their
wagon and one of them struck Healy a
vicious blow in the face, felling him to
the ground. Before he could recover his
feet his assailants had removed his pro
visions into their wagon and driven away.
An officer was notified, and after a hot
pursuit of two hours the men were over
taken and placed under arrest. It was
soon afterward learned that the rig the
men were driving had been stolen from
Samuel Owens, who has charge of the
Yosemite Stage Company ranch. The
men under arrest are strangers, and are
thought to be ex-convicta.
AUSTRIA'S NEW COUNCIL.
Personnel of the Ministry Announced
at Vienna.
VTKNNA, March 7.— Privy Councilor
Count yon Thun Hohenstoin has con
structed a Cabinet and Emperor Francis
Joseph will receive the new Ministers to
morrow. The personnel of the Ministry Is
as follows:
President of the Council and Minister of
the Interior— Count yon Thun Hohenstein.
Minister of Public Instruction— Count
Bylandt Eiherdt.
Minister of Agriculture— Baron yon
Kast. _
Minister of Finance— Dr. yon KaisL
Minister of Commerce— Dr. yon Baeren-
Reither.
Minister without portfolio— Herr Jan
drejevics.
Minister of Justice— Dr. yon Ruber.
Minister of National Defense— Count
yon Weisershelm.
Minister of Railways— Dr. yon Fitteke.
The Ministers of Justice, National De
fens* and Railways are unchanged.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, March 7.— Pensions
have been granted as follows: California:
Original— John F. Foote. San Francisco.
Jl2: Joseph V. Dodds, Prospect Park, $8.
Reissue and Increase— Dionysius Alaron
da San Jose, $8 to $10. Original, etc.—
Marj- Ann Dore, San Francisco, J8; Rosa
lia t. Eoaao. San Francisco. $S. Catha
rine Fickes, Middletown. $8; Susannah J.
Park, San Francisco, $8.
Oregon: Original— John M. P* I ?^'
Moro, $6. Additional— Robert M. Wright,
Holley, $6 to 58. __. .
Washington: Original— George Wick.
Dayton $8. Reissue— James J. Garrett,
Douglas City. $6. Original widow, etc.—
Minerva M. Grimes. Ellensburg, $8.
0 m —
WHO STOLE THOSE HATSP
A Question of Ownership That May
Cause Trouble in a Club.
On Geary street— the sunny side—be
tween the Avenue Grant and the Rue de
Stockton, stands a 'stablishment where
ribbons and plumes and dainty bits of
lace are by deft fingers artistically and
with finesse adjusted to the bonnets ; of
diversified shapes and sizes.
In the rear of this particular source of
young husbands' woes are located the
rooms of a San Francisco edition of New
York's famous Thompson-street Poker
Club. The apartments where ebon-hued
butterflies of fashion are wont to while
away their leisure hours are gained
through a plebeian-looking gateway and
an alley that runs alongside the millinery
parlors alluded to.
About two months ago Miss Manning,
the proprietoress of the palace of style
concerned in this narrative, missed from
her stock of feminine finery two elegant
and angelic creations. Intuitive power
it probably was that made the lady at
tribute the disappearance of the "perfect
dreams" to the uncomfortable closeness
of the colored gentlemen's lounging
place. Of course, she could not
positively declare that any of the club
members had filched the hats, and she
bore her loss with philosophical equan
imity.
On Friday afternoon a young lady em
ploye of Miss Manning stopped to the
doorway of the bonnet studio to note
pnssing* events. Hearing the pitter-pat
and thud of feet emerging from the club
rooms of the rear, she prepared to ob
serve whether or not the advent of Black
Patti and her gay troubadours had
wrought any change in the fashions of
colored swelldom. From the gateway
tripped jauntily forth a raven-hued
couple, and upon the head of the female
of the two reposed one of the silk and
satin creations that had vanished weeks
before.
The assistant rushed post haste to her
principal with the information and a con
sultation was called to consider what
steps to take toward seeing to it that
the guilty were made to suffer. The de
liberations resulted in the summoning of
the president of the association that had
entertained the hat. An officer of the
l;iw was also called.
The president expressed himself as
being sorry that his organization had
sheltered in its midst a black sheep and
he gave, the names of the couple under
surveillance. The policeman advised that
arrest would be injudicious, as the evi
dence was only circumstantial and hardly
I sufficient for conviction.
Miss Manning, of course, realizes that
! by this time the hats are of no value to
her; but she desires to uphold the majesty
!of the law. She intends to consult a
j lawyer, with a view of instituting search-
I warrant proceedings, and the wearer of
| the hat will be called upon to tell where
it was she got her latest thing in the
line of cranial coverings.
THREE OUTLAWS
PUT TO DEATH
Reported Lynching of Sheriff
Hoy's Murderers in
Wyoming.
Friends and Neighbors of the Officer
Quickly Avenge His
Death.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALT LAKE. Utah, March 7.— A spe
cial to the Tribune from Rock Springs,
Wyo., says: News was brought in to-day
from Brown's Park on the Colorado-Wy
oming boundary line that three of the
members of the Robbers' Roost band of
outlaws who last week murdered Stock
man Hoy had been captured and lynched
by a posse of Hoy's friends and some of
Sheriff Edgar's deputies. The men re
ported lynched are Louis P. Johnston, a
man named Bemeret and one unknown.
Johnston is the man who two weeks ago
shot and killed a boy named William
Strange at Hoy's ranch in Sweetwater
County, Wyoming. While in pursuit of
Johnston with a posse Hoy was ambushed
and killed by a party of the Robbers'
Roost outfit. The ptlrsuit of his mur
derers was kept up by a posse of his
neighbors and officers from Colorado,
Wyoming and Utah. The scene of the
capture and reported lynching is seventy
five miles from the railroad and definite
details are hard to obtain.
Hoy was shot on the afternoon of
March 1. The next morning Jack Ben
nett, an associate of the outlaws, was
captured. He was lynched the following
morning at 10 o'clock near La Dora,
Colo by about twenty-five masked men.
They took him from Deputy Sheriff Farn
ham of Colorado. Bennett pleaded for his
life, promising to tell all he knew. He was
told that It was too late— that he had
lived too long already.
Harry Tracey. David Lant and Patrick
Johnston were" captured by Deputy Sher
iff Peter Swanson and posse of Rock
Springs on Friday last near Powder
Springs. They showed fight but finally
surrendered. Johnston was the first to
throw up his hands. Tracy and Lant are
prisoners of Colorado and Johnston of
Wyoming. There is, however, small pos
sibility of the courts of either State being
bothered with them. There are one hun
dred armed men in Brown Park determ
ined to deal with them as they did with
Bennett. It will take extra precautionary
measures on the part of the officers to
bring their prisoners in alive and there
is little expectation that the lynching of
the entire outfit can be provented.
OWN THEIR CEMETERIES.
The Chinese Have Purchased Two
Tracts of Land in San Mateo
County.
Henceforth the Chinese will not be com
pelled to contribute to the San Fran
cisco treasury for the interment or ex
humation of their dead.
The closing of the City Cemetery com
pelled the Mongolians to serk a tempor
ary resting place for their dead country
men, and as San Francisco was too small
to accommodate them they were forced to
seek a place in some other section of
the country. This they did by pur
chasing two tracts: The Ning. lung
Company, which has on its books fully
one-half of all the Chinese in the United
States, bought five acres from ex-Super
visor Patrick Buckley of San Mateo
County, adjoining that of the Ronian
Catholic Cemetery at Holy Cross. This
was purchased at the low figure of foOO
ai Two miles farther out toward San Ma
teo the Yung "Wo, Chong Chow, Sam Yep.
Shoo Hing and the Hop Woo companies
purchased ten acres at a much higher
figure. than that paid by the Ning Yung
Company. In the Ning Yung Company s
cemetery none will be interred but those
belonging to that society, while in the
other cemetery the members of the five
companies will iind a temporary resting
placed until their bones are removed for
transportation to the home of their fore
fl The r bones of a Chinese woman or those
of children under ten years of age are
never removed after once they are con
vened to the earth. The reasons given
by the wise men of the Mongolian race
for this is that a woman loses her iden
tltv as well as her usefulness, when ane
departs for the unknown territory.
In the case of the death of Infants and
minors, it is held that their early demise
is an infliction on their parents for some
unatoned crime committed, and ma a
consequence the unoffending babe is^hur
riedlygot rid of immediately after death
without any ceremony whatever.
From a financial point of view the Chi
nese are pleased with the change, as it
relieves them of the discrimination tax
that was forced on them by the superin
tendent of the City Cemetery, where he
charged them $2 150 for the opening of
every grave, as against Jl to all other*
who had a grave opened within the in
closure The distance of fifteen miles,
however is a matter that annoys them
somewhat as it will cost more to convey
th™ bodies and the funeral eatables for
the defunct on his long journey to the
aßacha Bach cemetery will have a white man
for superintendent, as the Chinese do
not favor grave disainflc.
S. P. OF KY. MUST
PAY ITS TAXES
Attorneys Make Unsuc
cessful Efforts to Head
Off Stout's Bill.
Now a Case of Putting Up for
the Franchise or Losing
It Altogether.
Unless a Settlement Is Soon Made
the Legislature Will Finally Pass
the Measure.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRANKFORT, Ky., March 7.— A
committee of attorneys of the South- !
crn Pacific Company, headed by Alex j
P. Humphrey of Louisville, to-day j
called upon Representative German j
Stout of Woodford, who is pushing the
bill to repeal the charter of the South
ern Pacific Company, and asked that
he withdraw his bill from the Legisla
ture. Humphrey stated that the com
pany was perfecting arrangements
with the State Board of Valuation and
Assessments whereby it would pay a
tax of nearly $6000 annually on a
schedule of approximating a "police
protection"; that he had been author
ized by the Southern Pacific Company
to pay to the State between $20,000 and
$30,000 back taxes, and that the com
pany would continue to pay an annual
tax in amount to be agreed on.
Stout said that the bill had been ad
vanced to its third reading; that he
had had the promise of the committee
on rules to call the bill from the orders
of the day to-day and place it on its
passage; that the company had refused
to recognize the corporation laws of
Kentucky until a suit had been filed,
and seemed now disposed to disregard
the law and not be answerable as
other corporations under Kentucky
laws. The company enjoyed all the
privileges of other corporations and
hence was liable. Stout further agreed
not to call his bill up to-day and stat
ed frankly if a bill was not reached
within the next two days and the
money paid that the measure would be
called up and passed by the House.
Said Stout to-night: "This company
has made fair promises before, and
when it seems to think there is no
remedy to reach it does not care. The
prospects for a settlement on so small
a basis will not be satisfactory to the
board, but if the money is paid it will
show a disposition of the company to
act."
Stout was also in conference with the
members of the Board of Valuation
and Assessments. Humphrey had pre
viously held a conference with the
board. Stout was shown the franchise
tax fixed by the board, which had been
resisted by the Southern Pacific Com
pany, having a hope of securing a set
tlement on a nominal sum. The com
pany is reported to be worth $20,000.
000. at an actual value of about half
this amount. The franchise tax law
provides for assessing at the rate of
52% cents on each $100. The company
must now pay up or suffer the conse
quences.
Suit is now pending for $44,000 in the
Fiscal Court against the company.
Stout said he'found practically no op
position to the bill in the House.
PURCHASE BEET LAND.
Messrs. Spreckels May Erect a Sugar
Factory at Gilroy.
GTL.ROY. March 7.— Gilroy's citizens are
rejoicing over the news that the Messrs.
Spreckels have purchased the Soap Lake
tract of land of 9900 acres lying southeast
of Gilroy. Prominent citizens say it
means the erection of a sugar factory
and the development of this garden spot
of the State. The tract is pronounced by
experts as the nest in the State in wet or
dry seasons for the cultivation of the
sugar beet. Gilroy people readily see the
advantage of this purchase to the valley,
and rejoice at the dawn of a new era.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _ . ____ _~_
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOKXXXJOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
1 CURES IN THREE DAYS
§ ANOTHER GREAT RECORD FOR THIS FAMOUS |
8 LIFE-GIVER. §
I DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT I
| (FREE SUSPENSORY FOR WEAK MEN). |
O Dr. Sanden's success during the past year has been remarkable. The ' «
Q cures made by his famous Electric Belt have caused his name to be g
X spoken in gratitude by men and women in every town in the West. His X
Q Belt cures so many complaints after the failure of drugs and all other <?
X kinds of Belts that it Is better than a doctor to a sick man. X
8 THIS WAS A QUICK CURE. §
X ■ --Air- • '■■■-■■ Hopland, Cal., March 5, 1898. O
X ™ q A xpE\--r>ear Sir: The day I get your Belt I was so sore and lame In my O
X hßck^iid limbs that it was almost Impossible for me to get in and out of my wagon. O
ft a had^n So for some time, and could get no relief. The Bolt took three days, wear- «
X ; me it three hours in the evening, to fix me up. and since then I have been entirely Q
X e J* th r has helDed my system generally, too. my bowels in < particular. Your* ft
X trul as neipe am i *y w THATCHER, Hopland. Mendoclno County. Cal. X
8 Read What Dr. Sanden's Belt Cures. |
y Rheumatism, Kidney troubles, Lame Back, Sciatica, Indigestion and §
C» all manner of Stomach troubles, Lumbago, General Debility, Varicocele. Cj
( !' loss of vital force, and especially the various forms of vital weakness, ;8
X in men and women. It makes men what nature intended them. It re- (S
( ! ( stores all the old vim and ambition. Wonderful results are assured In ]<
Ml ten days. . , - X
| Dr. Sanden's Book, "Three Classes of Men." |
y This book is worth JlOOO to any weak man. It will save years of X
!$ miserable decline by pointing out a Cheap, sure means of regaining Q
X the strength that has been wasted. It is free to any man who will ask X
Q for it. Consultation free. Can or address: O
X o A ■MTTYE'AT 17T "D'r'HP'DTP fH 682 Market St., Opposite ■■,;.. -V
X SANDEJN JbLJCiUlnll/ LU M W Palace Hotel. San Franclace. Q
6 Office hours. B*. m. ' to 8 p. m. : Sundays. 10 to 1. Branches »tLoi Angeles. Cal., V
Q 204 South Broadway; Portland, Or., 253 Washington street: Denver. Colo., 931 Sixteenth O
» street; Dallas.^ex^^ai^.treet^ numbel^ a3 Mark . t Btreet g_
00 ocxxx)ooo6o(x>booooooooooooo
ROMANCE OF A
WHITHER GIRL
Escapes and Is Wedded
to the Man of Her
Choice.
Recaptured Afte*' the Cere
mony and Again In
carcerated.
Will Be Free a Month Henc* to
Return to the Home of Her
Husband.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 7.— Former
Helena Dahl is in hard luck, but her
husband, John H. Griffin, Is, if possible,
in worse fortune than his pretty bride.
A few days ago Helena and John were
married in the regular way and accord
ing to the rites of the Catholic churclx
at the cathedral, all the legal require
ments having been conformed with.
And now, after enjoying married life
for but a few days, Helena is an in
mate of the female department of tha
Whittier Reform School.
Helena formerly resided with her
parents at Haywards, in Alameda
County. She loved this same John H.
Griffin. The parents of Helena de
clined to give their consent, and in
stead manifested their displeasure In a,
very emphatic way. A complaint waa
sworn to and Helena appeared in tha
Superior Court of Alameda County*
She was committed to the Whittier Re
form School as an incorrigible young
lady.
Helena came down to Whittier and
at once won favor. She was pretty,
quiet and in no sense unruly. There
fore she soon gained the confidence of
the officers.
Nevertheless, she did not abandon
the idea of marrying' the man of hei*
choice, despite all of the efforts of tha
instructors to prevail upon her to dis
miss him from her thoughts. They
supposed that he could do nothing, a3
he was 500 miles away.
But in this they erred. He was not
500 miles away, but was right on the
ground. The location of the girls*
building at Whittier is very convenient
for those who desire to flirt with the
incorrigible females if they so desire.
Of late an unusually robust young man
has been seen in the vicinity of the
girls' department, but as he kept in the
public highway and did no overt act
he could not be driven away. When
the girls appeared he was in the habit
of performing dangerous feats upon a
bicycle, and, more particularly, of at
tracting Helena's attention. One morn
ing recently Helena and her companion
were missing. A search was instituted
by the officers of the school, but not
until the issuance of a marriage license
to Helena and John was published in
the local papers was any trace of her
discovered.
Irrvestigation proved that she had
been regularly married and was living
with her husband on Mac;/ street in
this city. While her age in the mar
riage license was given as 18 It turned
out that she lacked a month of her ma
jority, so the officers proceeded to take
her from her husband and return her
to the school. Her parents were noti
fied. If they desire they can have tha
marrtage annulled, but within another
month the Whittier officials will have
to give the girl her liberty. If the mar
riage is annulled Mrs. Griffin— for that
is Helena's name now — will wed Griffin
again.
Griffin himself appeared before the
officials ami made a manly statement.
He Informed them that he had come to
Southern California to marry the Kirl
and that he had done so at his first
opportunity. He said that she was his
wife and he intended that she should
remain so. ,
A Scottish diver in the Clyde recently
excelled all European records by re
maining under water for forty mtnutea
at a depth of 186 feet.
56
TUESDAY MARCH 8, 1898
~~~ JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
"" Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.-
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts, S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
,e£e?by carrier^ In this city and surrounding towns
for -15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents. *'
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1-53
OAKLAND OFFICE.. ■ -". ©08 Broadway !
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Butldlnft
WASHINGTON (D. C. OFFICE RH»fc« House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street: open until
6:30 o'clock- 621 MoAlllster street open until 9-.30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street;, open until 9:30 o'clock
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open until
£ o'clock- 2516 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock
ICC Eleventh st.: open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk street
cpeo until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
cod Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— " Rip Van Winkle .". -W %•
Columbia— Prlinroße and West's Minstrel* j
Alcazar — # 'A Gilded Fool-"
Moroaoo's— "The Woman In Black."
Tlvoll- 'The Geisha."
Orplieum— Vaudeville.
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
The Chutes— Chlquita and Vaudeville.
California Jockey Club, Oakland— Ract-9 to-day.
"f?N OUTLAW AMONG NATIONS."
DIPLOMATISTS and international lawyers are
exhibiting a great fondness for the term, "An
outlaw among nations." They tell us that in
the event of Spain's being proved guilty of the de
liberate destruction of the Maine, such would be the
proper characterization of that country.
Unless the nations are lost to all sense of moral
appreciation, unless there has been set up a false and
pernicious standard, unless murder is to be considered
justifiable, torture a legitimate scheme of warfare,
Spain is already an outlaw. To treat that Government
as respectable, civilized, as entitled any more con
sideration than the bandit, caught red-handed, is
flattery. The Spanish Government as applied in
Cuba is a crime of the most hideous type. It has
earned the detestation of all who are opposed to
assassination, to atrocity, to rapine. It deserves the
severest treatment the ships and men of the United
States can give. An individual inspired by similar
motive and employing similar methods would be
hanged, and if the law were slow about it the com
munity would have to rise in its might and rebuke
the law.
There is no utility in making a plea that action
should not be taken until Spain has been declared
guilty of the Maine affair. Certainly it would be out
of the question to punish her for a thing she never
did. But if innocent on this count she is guilty on
many others, and the diplomatic desire to spare her
feelings does not effectually appeal to the judgment.
0N INDUSTRIAL MARVEL.
BY statements published in The Call yesterday
the Mayors of Los Angeles, Sacramento, San
Jose, Napa, Marysville, Fresno, San Diego and
Pomona expressed a warm and cordial indorsement
of the projected exposition in commemoration of the
admission of California to the Union, and in doing so
gave evidence of the wide and deep interest taken in
the enterprise in all parts of the State.
It is everywhere recognized that the great West
should at this time unite in carrying out some under
taking of sufficient magnitude to attract the attention
of the entire Union to the wonderful accomplish
ments of the fifty years of its history. There have
been many industrial wonders achieved in different
parts of the world in the last half of this century, but
the upbuilding of the western portion of the United
States is greatest of them all, the most wonderful in
every respect that is recorded in the annals of human
endeavor.
If the proposed exposition had nothing more to
show than the products whicli American industry and
enterprise have brought forth from the natural re
sources of the broad domain west of the Rockies,
it would still be worth holding and visiting, for it
would present a striking object lesson of what can be
accomplished by civilized man under favorable con
ditions in transforming a wilderness of thousands of
square miles into a garden that literally blossoms as
the rose, and in developing a manufacturing industry
of vast wealth in the aggregate within the lifetime of
a single generation.
The commemoration of the past, however, will be
but half of the great exhibit that will be made if the
exposition is carried out on the scale proposed. Even
more important than that from an industrial stand
point, and as attractive to the general public, will be
the evidence furnished by the exposition that the
future of the West is to be more wonderful and more
golden than the past. The generation of the pioneers
and their descendants of this generation have hardly
done more than clear the ground for those who are
to come after them. The chances for acquiring wealth
by Western investments were never better than at this
time, and the fact will be demonstrated whenever the
West unites all her States and Territories to make a
showing of the resources of her soil and climate and
the products of the industry of her sons.
From the statements made by the Mayors it is
clear that California will give her sister States of the
\Vc«t a worthy lead in the movement to promote the
enterprise. There is, moreover, every reason to be
lieve that the lead will be promptly followed. Letter?
published heretofore in The Call from governors of
various commonwealths of the West show that the
sentiment of all is favorable to the undertaking. The
prospects of success are therefore good. The region
from the Rocky Mountains to the ocean has never
had an adequate exhibition of its marvelous industrial
progress, and it is certainly time to arrange for
making one.
Evidently the Italian duel does not partake of the
pacific and innocuous character for which the French
encounter is justly celebrated. Either this or the
gentleman who met another gentleman on the field
of honor at Rome, and killed him, was guilty of a
serious mistake.
Irish-Americans are announcing their willingness
to fight for the country. Nobody doubts that they
are willing, and the purchase of a ship named the
OTliggins would do nothing to diminish their zeal.
It is a strange commentary on the uselessness of
certain people that the principal regret felt in con
nection with the shooting of Mabel Keating and her
husband is that they may recover.
DEMOCRATIC DISINTEGRATION.
IT has been held, justifiably, that a large percentage
of the vote cast for Mr. Bryan was given unwill
ingly, under the spur of regularity and the spell
of a name.
The men who cast that vote show a determination
not to be caught again.
The Tammany organization, which controls the
party in New York, has always been fond of an in
dependent kick. It antagonized Tilden and Cleve
land, and in 1888 went so far as to deliberately throw
the State for Harrison, thereby entrenching itself in
the local control of New York City.
Before that it had shown its strength in an inde-
pendent movement by nominating John Kelly against
Lucius Robinson in 1879, getting for him 70,000 votes
and electing Cornell. Tammany shows a revival of
its independent spirit, and, while it cannot hope to
control the Bryan National Committee or the con
vention of 1000, it evidently does not intend to be
forced again to hold its nose while it votes a regular
ticket. But the most important sign of all is the
growing unrest of the South.
The Southern States want a good condition of
credit. They have not restored yet the materialities
that were destroyed by the Civil War. The Southern
people have felt the consequences of their action in
1896. They show signs of bolting away from their
political leaders.
In Texas Senator Mills has quit. In his letter, de
clining to stand for re-election, he repudiates inde
pendent free coinage at 16 to 1. and declares that
question is settled by the attitude of the commercial
world, which this country alone cannot change. He
repudiates the 16 to 1 test forced upon the party in
his State, and attributes it to the wish of his rivals to
make a test that will so ensmall the constituency of a
convention as to make easier its control and ad
vance thereby their personal ambitions. The Democ
racy seems to be in the position of trading off its own
leadership in an exchange for that of Republican
renegades like Towne and Teller.
There is but one course open to those who repu
diated the Chicago platform, but voted for its candi
dates. They can consistently do nothing else than
plump for the defeat of the new managers whom they
regard as usurpers, that have made the party kneel
at alien altars and worship strange gods.
Mr. Bryan recently, in a speech in Lincoln, made
a violent attack on Alexander Hamilton, which would
have propitiated the shade of Aaron Burr. This is
significant to all original Democrats who remember
that when Hamilton, as Washington's Secretary of
the Treasury, formulated the financial policy of this
country, aligning its coinage scheme with natural law,
Mr. Jefferson hastened to his support and put on
record his approval of the views of his antagonist
upon this question, which was then, and is now,
purely a scientific matter.
The followers of Jefferson and of Harrison never
differed upon this issue. The Federalists under
Adams and the Republicans under Jefferson, as the
Democrats under Jackson and the Whigs under Web
ster, stood as one in opposition to the theory and
practice of fiatism. The same political schools under
McKinley and Cleveland find as little difficulty, in
these days, in agreeing upon the original ground
where Hamilton and Jefferson shook hands.
The fiatists seem determined to make this the only
political issue this year and in 1900. Its decision in
volves every material question of government. With
out a safe and sound financial system there is no
politics in this country to interest a thoughtful patriot.
Until this is settled such men cannot divide and sub
mit to conquest by a sentiment equally repugnant to
every follower of Hamilton and of Jefferson.
Mere questions of taxation and revenue are easily
the subject of public sentiment, and cannot be so
badly settled as to seriously affect the highest interests
of the people. But the financial issue is so funda
mental that its right adjustment is the foundation
rock of all prosperity, and its wrong settlement is
the slough in which all interests will mire.
PRISON-MfiDE GOODS.
\A R. SOUTHWICK of New York has intro
/ \ duced into the House of Representatives a
*■ *■ bill described in its title as "a bill to protect
free labor and the industries in which it is employed
from the injurious effect of convict competition by
confining the sale of goods, wares and merchandise
manufactured by convict labor to the State or Terri
tory in which they are produced."
The bill provides that every person who knowingly
transports, or causes to be delivered for transporta
tion, for commercial purposes, from any State or
Territory, in which they are in whole or in part
manufactured, any goods, wares or merchandise, in
whole or in part the product of convict labor in any
penitentiary, prison or reformatory, or other estab
lishment in which convict labor is employed, into any
other State or Territory, or into the District of Co
lumbia, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a
fine of not less than two hundred and fifty dollars nor
more than five hundred dollars, or by imprisonment
not exceeding one year, or by both such fine and im
prisonment, at the discretion of the court, and such
wares, goods or merchandise shall be forfeited to the
United States.
Whether the terms of the bill will be found satis
factory in all respects may be open to question, but
there can be no doubt of the soundness of the prin
ciple upon which it is based. We have felt in Cali
fornia the disastrous effects of the competition of
prison-made goods imported from other States, and
are in hearty sympathy with the advocates of the pro
posed legislation on the subject by the General Gov
ernment.
It is not possible to forecast the fate of the bill at
the present session of Congress, and yet it is a meas
ure that should be promptly taken up. The Repub
lican party is the champion of protection for Ameri
can labor, and the policy should include protection
from the competition of convict labor at home as well
as from pauper labor abroad.
In the Eastern States the bill has been warmly
commended, and is receiving the active support of
persons interested in industries affected by prison
made goods. A similar support should be given on
this side of the continent. Protection from convict
labor cannot be given too soon. Free labor is in
urgent need of it.
Of course there has been no occasion for tearing
down the English flag flying over American posses
sions at the north. If the flag happens to be flying
there the English themselves will take it down, and
that without any row. England an ! the United States
may have occasional misunderstandings, but they are
both civilized.
The Spanish press seems to be pleased with Minis
ter Woodford. This is a pretty hard thing to say of
any American, but the evidence is indisputable.
Spain's objections to the approach of American
warships may grow more acute than it is at present.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY,- MAKCII 8, 1898.
THE widespread belief that with the passage of
time the danger of a war with Spain arising out
of the destruction of the Maine would pass with
the passing of the popular excitement caused by the
event has proved deceptive. The tension pf the crisis
has increased rather than diminished, and the proba
b'llty of war was never more menacing than now.
It is clear that the issue of the event is not wholly
in the hands of the Government at Washington, nor
is to be determined by the will of the American
people. The Government at Madrid is to be taken
into account as a potent factor in the problem, and
the populace of Spain will have as much to do in
shaping the result as the citizens of the United States.
It is this fact that darkens the horizon and adds com
plexity to the problem, for if the Spaniards be mad
enough to provoke a war it will be impossible for
tvm the most skillful diplomat to prevent it.
Under these circumstances the attitude assumed
by the Spanish toward our Government in its
relations to affairs in Cuba is a most important feature
of the situation. If the Madrid Government showed
itself friendly, conciliatory and eager to assist in seek
ing cut the cause of the destruction of the Maine the
outlook for the continuance of peace would be clear
and bright. Unfortunately the Spanish Government
has taken quite a different position. It has chosen
this time of all times since the outbreak of the Cuban
war to ask' the recall of Consul-General Lee. and this
can be hardly anything else than an intentional ex
pression of hostility and distrust.
The right of Spain to object to the choice of any
particular man to serve as an American representative
a? Minister to her court, or as Consul in any of her
cities, cannot be doubted. That right is firmly em
bedded in reason and in international law. It is
therefore not the act of objection itself, but the time
of making it, that is the important element in the
case. Surely if Spain desires peace she would in this
emergency strain a point to preserve peace, and not
needlessly add a new cause of discontent, to the'con
troversy.
There are a thousand reasons why Spain should
keep peace with the United States, and not one why
she should go to war, but that fact does not affect the
situation. It is useless to talk of reason to a people
who have thrown reason to the winds. It was known
of old and said, "Whom the gods would destroy
they first make mad," and that curse seems now to
have fallen upon Spain. Her rulers are acting more
like madmen than statesmen, and the Government at
Washington has to deal with a set of antagonists in
whom it can rely upon finding neither an honorable
desire for peace nor an honest effort to attain it.
It is under these conditions the country waits the
termination of the crisis, prepared for whatever may
result. The firm refusal of the President to remove
General Lee or to yield to the demand that relief sup
plies for Americans in Havana should not be sent in
a warship is an evidence that there will be no weak
ness shown by the Government at Washington in
dealing with the controversy. The probability of war
is, therefore, imminent, for unless the Spaniards soon
learn the value of discretion at this juncture their
folly may precipitate a conflict that will destroy the
last vestige of their dominion in this hemisphere
forever.
THE TREASURY DEFICIT.
NOTWITHSTANDING the assertion of Chair
man Rottanzi of the Finance Committee that
the accounts of the city will balance at the end
of the fiscal year, there is every reason to believe a
deficit in the general and school funds of $100,000 or
more is certain. It is well known that the County
Clerk will expend $43,000 more than was appropriated
for his office. It is equally well known that the Su
perior Courts will draw for expenses $30,000 more
than was provided for them in the tax levy. Here,
then, is a shortage in the general fund of $73,000, for
which no levy was made. How Supervisor Rottanzi
can figure out a balance with this sum staring him in
the face is a mystery. It can hardly be contended that
shutting off the gas lamps and stopping work on the
streets and sewers will make up the amount.
But there is ample evidence that other appropria
tions included in the general fund will be found in
adequate. Already it is stated that the hospital ap
propriation is certain to run short, that a sufficient
sum has not been provided with which to maintain
the police patrol system, that the sl.orthand reporters
of the criminal courts will, as usual, want more
money, and that unless large numbers of tax-eaters
are immediately dismissed there will be small deficits
in various other appropriations. This is saying noth
ing about the school fund. There is also reason to
believe that as things are going that fund will wind
up the fiscal year from $50,000 to $100,000 short.
Probably there will be little or no difficulty, how
ever, in fixing responsibility for the deficit. Mayor
Phelan may wriggle some in an endeavor to shift it
from his shoulders, but the fact must remain that he,
more than any other official at the City Hall, is
directly to blame. When he engaged in his revolu
tionary attempt last year to oust the elected Super
visors and place a board of his own appointment in
their places, the tax levy was part and parcel of his
scheme. Although his levy was not sustained by the
Supreme Court, the one declared valid was almost an
exact copy of it. The rate was about the same and
the appropriations were similar. At that time the
Mayor was informed that whichever went into effect
it would create a deficit. This would have been the
case even had the new board succeeded in establishing
its title to office; for, as Mr. Phelan well knows, 80
per cent of the expenditures of the city are fixed by
law and cannot be reduced by making inadequate ap
propriations to meet them.
We have no disposition to gloat over Mayor
Phelan's embarrassment, but it is proper to remark at
this time that had he heeded the advice placed at his
disposal by The Call last summer he would not now
be on the verge of political dissolution. Time and
again it has been proved that a deficient tax levy will
not enforce economy at the City Hall. Had the
Mayor been actuated by a sincere desire to promote
the public weal he would have discovered last year
that the only remedy for municipal extravagance is
the abolishment of offices and the discharge of tax
eaters. So long as the offices exist and tax-eaters are
appointed money will have to be provided for them.
As the most important regulator of municipal
finance and the head of the government. Mayor
Phelan is responsible for the impending deficit. He
may try to wriggle out of this situation, but It will
avail him nothing. The deficit could have been
averted had he done his duty.
City employes who sell their salary warrants to
several different brokers are causing the Auditor
some annoyance. It may be assumed that the brokers
do not exactly enjoy it either, although the public
does not feel any impulse to shower sympathy upon
them. In the interest of good government, however,
the employment of men above indulging in swindling
would seem to suggest itself.
THE MENACE OF WAR.
A COLONEL OF ARKANSAS MILITIA.
COLONEL EMMA W. WHITTINGTON.
MISS EMMA W. WHITTINGTON of Hot Springs, Ark., has been commissioned
a colonel In the Arkansas militia by Governor Jones of that State. This is the
third time in the history of this country that the honor has fallen upon a
woman, and the first in Arkansas, says the St. Louis Republic.
Colonel Whittington is sponsor of Company A, Third Infantry, located at Hot
Springs; she is a military enthusiast, is proud of her company and of the title she
holds. She is a well-known and popular young society belle at "the Springs." As a
hostess she has no superior in the South, and she is never so happy as when giving
pleasure to and entertaining friends. It is "open house" with her all the year round.
It is her wont every summer to make up a "house party" for her summer place at
"One Thousand Dripping Springs," or. as her young friends call it, "Bonny Glen,"
located some five miles from Hot Springs, where it is a continuous round of pleasure
from arrival to departure.
Colonel Whittington is the daughter of Major Alf Whittington, one of Hot
Springs 1 most prominent citizens; a granddaughter of Colonel Hiram Whittington,
one of Arkansas' pioneers, who settled in Little Rock In 182G, and established the
Little Rock Gazette, which paper is still in existence. In 1532 he moved to Hot
Springs. He was selected to represent in the' General Assembly what was then the
Western District of Arkansas, and was prominent in framing the new constitution
of the State.
In her full uniform of a colonel Miss Whittington will be a prominent feature at
the State encampment, to be held at Little Rock in July.
A CRY FOR VENGEANCE
When the stars of night assemble In the somber Cuban sky,
Looking down upon the harbor where our murdered heroes lie,
Oh, their kindly glances tremble on the dark and slimy tide.
Rippling o'er the iron coffin where the dead sleep side by side.
For the stars have heard the pleading of those dumb and pallid lips
From the ocean tomb appealing to Columbia's mighty ships.
Praying justice, praying vengeance on the treacherous brood of Spain,
For the flower of our manhood by Castilian dastards slain.
Shall the white fleet rest unmindful of that cry of slaughtered ones,
Or let blaze a fitting answer from the muzzles of its guns?
Ask the nation— she will thunder the reply from hill and plain:
"Let us dash a thousand Spaniards down to join the sunken Maine!"
San Francisco, March 7.
AROUND THE
'CORRIDORS,
Charles Hamilton of Stockton Is at the
Lick.
Miss Darling of Fresno is at the Cali
fornia.
A. H. Crocker of New York is at the
California.
Dr. D. M. Livingston of San Jose Is at
the Badwin.
Mrs. E. M. Simpson of Sacramento is at
the Occidental.
Captain iv. A. Talbot s registered at the
Grand from Seattle.
Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Rowe of Boston
are guests at the Occidental.
Lieutenant Governor William A. Jeter
was at the Palace yesterday.
Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Smith are registered
at the occidental from Rhode Islana.
Carl Schmidt, a prominent manufac
turer from New York, is at the Palace.
George Carson, a mining man of New
Almaden, is at the Occidental with his
wife.
8. M. Ballard of Courtland, N. V., is at
the Palace. He is accompanied by Mrs.
Ballard.
[Scene 1. Draw
ing - room, Madi
son avenue. New
York. Time, after
noon; year 1895.]
Girl, Bpeaklng—
I'm so sorry, Mr.
Mason, that you
; NOT ,
> ALTOGETHER <
> FICTION. <
s' .■*■■:: (
should havo misconstrued my regard for
you I acknowledge I did encourage you
somewhat; but. then. I thought you were
a man of the world and too sure of your
self to allow an idle summer flirtation to
become a serious matter with you. And,
besides, you coulu not begin to support
a wife in the luxury I'm accustomed to.
What! you're going out West? Well, I
think it a wise iuea. They say the chances
there for a young man are excellent.
Now, I've got to go and dress for the
Hampton, so good-by. and whenever you
have time I will always be glad to hear
I from you.
[Scene 2. Room of Mrs. Hampton in the
! Palace Hotel, San Francisco: two years
later. Enter Mrs. Bulow, fellow-tourist,
with New York paper in her hand.]
Mrs. Bulow— l have just received the
Diurnal, and there, big as life, Is the pic
ture of pretty Carrie C'ompton and a full
account of her marriage to that fellow of
the Russian legation with the big rent
roll and unpronounceable name. It was
an awfully swell affair, and all the mem
bers of the different embassies came in
their uniforms. I would have given any
thing to havo been present. It must have
been immense. By the way wasn't young
Mason very attentive there at one time?
Mrs. Hampton — "ies; but she threw him
over, and he leit.
Mr.s. Bulow— What became of him?
Mrs. Hampton— Oh, I don't know. I be
lieve he came out West here with the in
tention of making a fortune. Come on;
If you're ready we'll go out.
[Scene 3. Coroner's office, same even
ine. Dasher, reporter for the Morning
Lark, at the telapnone, talking to his
editor.]
Dasher— Hello! Yes, this Is Dasher.
Anything doing? Nit; that Is, nothing
worth very much. * Barbary Coaat
FRED A. HEALY.
rounder shot himself through the head,
but as you're crowded for space, I don't
think it is worth more than a short two
head. Yes— yes. No. Well, good-b>\ I'll
come In shortly and write up. What's
that? Oh, ha-ha; I guess you're right.
So long.
Heading clipped from the Lark the
following morning:
"COULD NOT STAND SUCH TRASH.
Unknown Man on Barbary Coast Kills
Himself After Reading the New York
Diurnal."
George E. Goodman, a prominent bank
er from Napa, accompanied by his wife,
is at the Palace.
L. J. Parks of Houston, Tex., who is
visiting the coast on his bridal tour, is
registered at the Palace with his wife.
Henry Weber and F. E. Woller are two
Milwaukee business men who are out here
on a visit. They are at the California.
General Manager Kruttschnitt of the
Southern Pacific and ueorge Crocker nave
returned from their trip over the Texas
division of their road. They went as far
south as Durango, Mexico, and thorough
ly inspected the different properties of
their line, returning home by way of New
Orleans. Mr. Kruttschnitt, when asKed
as to who would succeed to the place left
vacant by the death of A. D. Wilder,
said that he had not as yet decided,
but would go over the matter In a day
or two with Mr. Fillmore and decide on
the one to be appointed.
GRABBING CHINESE BONDS.
London rises to the new Chinese loan
like a trout to a fly or a pike to the ex
posed bullfrog of the marsh. Half of it
amounting to about $40,000,000, issued at
90, was fully subscribed for one day this
week, and there is no doubt that the
other half, to be offered a week hence
will go off with equal celerity. There are
the best of political reasons why England
should take up the loan, nor is there any
doubt that under judicious management
John Chinaman is perfectly good for it
He has not yet begun to find the measure
w f .;? resource s. which will be practically
limitless as soon as he adopts the indus
trial and business methods of the we«i
which he is now proceeding to do as raY
York a Tribun U e mStanCeS Permit.-New
COOLING A BOASTFUL COLONEL.
It is hard to convince an American who
has kept watch of the war in Cuba that
__^___ _^_ ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROYAL is the only Baking
Powder J that will keep
fresh and of full strength
in the climate of the Yukon.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK.
t the Spanish soldiers are gTeat fighters. It
i was not very long ago that a Spanish
colonel in Cuba was bragging of what he
could do with his regiment. He declared
that he could land at Key West and
1 march straight m Washington, Baltimore
! and New York. General Bradley T. John
son of this city heard the Spaniard 3
boast and assured the don that he was
very much mistaken. "We Americans."
said General Johnson to the colonel, "are
the most orderly people in the won-. — so
orderly, in fact, that at the first village
your Spanish soldiers reached they would
all be run in by ..ne police without any
fighting- at aIL" The Spanish colonel had
no more to say. — Baltimore American.
KIPLING'S WELCOME TO AFEICA.
Rudyard Kipling. as was to be expected,
received a very warm welcome on his ar
rival, with his family, at Cape Town, but
the most interesting feature of It is un
doubtedly a set of verses addressed to
himself by a private in the ranks, and
called "An Experiment in Imitation."
They appeared originally in the Cape
Times, and we take them from the Stand
ard and Diggers' News:
I suppose you know this station, for you eort
of keep in touch
With a Tommy wheresoever 'c may gro;
An' you know our "bat's" a shandy, made or
"Ottentot an' Dutch.
It's a language which is hideous an low,
Don't you know .<••*_•
That it's "Wackt-een-beltje stead or An
a mo' "1
We should like to come an' meet you, but we
can't without a pMa; ,
Even then wed 'ardly like tj make a fuss;
For out 'ere they've got a notion that a
Tommy isn't class;
'E's a sort of brainless animal, or wus«!
Vicious cups!
No, they don't expect intelligence from üb.
You 'aye met us in the tropics, you 'aye met
us in the snows:
But mostly in the Punjab an the Ills.
Tou 'aye seen us in Mauritius, where the
naughty cyclone blows.
You 'aye met us underneath a sun that Kins,
An' we grills! , ,
An" I ask you, do we fill the bloomin bills .
Since the time when Tommy's uniform waa
musketoon an" wig. »._.■_ ma -&
There 'as always been a bloke wot ad a way
Of writin' of the glory and forgetting tna
•Oo^'aw Mm in his tunic day by day.
Smart an' say,
An' forgot about the smallness of is pay!
But you're our particular author, you're out
ratron an' mir friend.
You' re the poet of the cuss- word an the
You^nTthe poet of the people, where the red
mapped lands extend.
You're the poet of the jungle an the lair.
An' compare.
To the ever-speaking voice of everwhere
— London Chronicle.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
DID NOT DlE— Subscriber, Clty.^ The
young lady who rode on "the earth" dur
ing the recent Jubilee parade is not "dead
and buried." This department has not
been able to discover that there :s ar.y
foundation for the reports that half a
dozen others who took prominent parts
in the parade are among the dead.
SPEED OF VESSELS-J. J. H., Oak
land. C'al. In the space allotted to this
department it would be Impossible to an
swer the questions asked as to the speed
of different classes of vessels in the na
vies of the world, as the answer would
occupy more than two columns of space.
The "'Naval Annual," by T. A. Brassey.
to be found In the libraries will give you
the speed of each vessel.
MARINE ENGINEER— F. A. G., Oak
land. To become a marine engineer the
party desiring to become such must
Berve an apprenticeship as an oiler on
board of a vessel, must study from text
books that bear on the subject and be
come familiar with steam, its force, coal
and the mechanism on board of a steam
vessel. From oner, if competent, he can
be promoted third assistant engineer, and
from that to chief engineer.
HAIR ON UPPER LIP— V. C.City. The
small quantity of peroxide of hydrogen
that would be required to bleach a growth
of hair on an upper lip would probably
not cause any injury to the system or the
eyes, but that is one of those questions
that cannot be answered specifically
without a knowledge of the condition
of the individual wishing to use the
bleacher. While it might not have
any disastrous effect on one per
son it might have on another. If
a person is desirous of removing' a growth
of hair from an upper lip, the most elec
tive way is to use a first class depilatory,
to be obtained from any druggist- That
is preferable to bleaching.
DEFECTIVE TEETH— H. B. S., City.
It has been asserted that Californlans
have defective teeth because of the acces
sibility to fruit products. The same has
often been laid to the inordinate use of
candy. There may be certain conditions
of the teeth when the eating of either
fruit or candy may be harmful, but prob
ably the principal reason that so many
people have defective teeth, is that they
do not pay sufficient attention to them.
If at home people would use a tooth
brush as soon as possible after meals
and keep the spaces between the teeth
free from particles of food lodged between
them, they would have better teeth. As
to the particular case mentioned in your
communication this department cannot
advise you. It ought to be submitted to
a first-class dentist, • who, after an ex
amination of the affected teeth, will be
able to tell what remedy to suggest.
Best eyeglasses, specs; 15c. 33 4th St. *
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's."
House paints, wood stains, floor paint,
varnishes and liquid glue in small cans
for family use in Artists' Material De
partment at Sanborn & Vails. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
REFLECTIONS OF A BACHELOR.
A woman has no conscience as far as a
man Isn't concerned.
Most women's ideas about a foreign
war remind you of canned peaches that
have begun to work.
If a man can only keep a girl hating
him long enough she is pretty sure to fall
in love with him.
, The reason why a woman is shocked at
a ballet is because she never realized be
fore that she had two legs.
You can always tell whether a man or
i a woman runs the house by watching at
j what age the youngest boy gets suspen
| ders and what age the oldest girl does her
hair up.
Every woman has her times when she
; wishes she dared act the way she did
when she was little and used to make
faces and stick out her tongue at the
neighbors' children.— New York Press.
:—: — ♦ . ■ ■ \.
Nothing contributes more to digestion than
the use of Dr. Siegebt's angostcra Bitters,
| See that you get the genuine. : ,v
SUFFERERS FROM COIGHS, SORE THROAT, etc..
i should v be constantly supplied with " Brown*
I Bronchial Troche*." Avoid Imitations.
. ♦ • -
LONG TIME BETWEEN WARS.
Indianapolis News.
This country has never been as long
1 without a foreign war as it has been
i since the war with Mexico. The war of
1 ISI2 with England began twenty-nine
I years after the revolutionary war closed.
| From 1815, when the second war closed,
i to 1546, when the Mexican war began, was
i thirty-one years, and from 1848, when the
! Mexican war closed, to the present time
lis fifty years. According to the law of
I cycles a foreign war is due.TO FIGHT
FOR A BIG
FORTUNE
of the Late J.
L. Franklin Arise
From the Past.
Through a Dusky Mother
They Claim Kinship
With the Capitalist.
Some Sensational Allegations of
Fraud Made Against the
Executrix.
ROMANCE AND LAW MIX.
Btrange Seqiael of an Adventurous
Career in the Par North
west
There will be filed in the County
Clerk's office to-day two documents,
•which will set in motion all the legal
machinery of a great will contest. In
form these papers are in the nature
JULIUS L. FRANKLIN.
of bills of discovery and are backed
"In the matter of the estate of J. L.
Franklin, deceased." In reality they
iform the introduction, the prelude, to
Wa lawsuit which presages sensation
upon sensation and a romance whose
Ecenes are laid in many climes.
In December, 1597, J. L. Franklin,
capitalist and philanthropist, after a
protracted and painful illnes.-, died in
the bosom of his family, surrounded
by all the comforts and loving atten
tions that love and affection clip.
bestow. Before the year had i
his will was filed and letters testamen-
tary were granted to Pauline Frank
lin, the widow of the deceased. Trust
ing to the faith and loyalty of his wife.
Franklin bequeathed the bulk of his
property, to her, recommending merely
the interests of his .children. In this
last will and testament several lega
cies are recited— to Lena Porter $^00,
to Mollie Wilson $500 and to Benjamin
J. Franklin $500, all children of a for
mer wife. Subsequently, in a codicil
attached to the will, the portion of
Benjamin J. Franklin was reduced
from $500 to $10, and herein lies a tale
which seems background and all the
accessories of a modern drama. These
children it is who are dissatisfied with
their inheritance, and they lrave called
in the process of the law to settle their
demands.
Far off in the wild and primeval for
ests of British Columbia, when that
country was not yet the field for an
active and energetic commercial peo
ple, Julius L. Franklin, with the spirit
of 'youth and determination to suc
ceed, was engaged in the profitable
but no less perilous occupation of fur
trading. He was advi ■ntumus and
hardy and the personal dangers b
countered only whetted his appetite
for action on a more extensive field.
Traveling from one post to another,
buying and Belling the skins that the
Indians brought in, he was a success
ful imitator of the early career of the
founder of the house of Astor. In this
mode of life Franklin met with all the
sachems of the tribes and they be
came his friends. Living the life of the
pioneer, breathing the freedom of this
natural world, the hampered spirit of
civilization was cast aside and the
young adventurer married one of the
princesses of the soil.
This Pocahontas was reputed a par
agon of Indian beauty, the veritable
pearl of all the tribe. With the mar
riage ceremony of the American Indian,
Franklin and his dusky bride were
made one. They lived happily together
and from the union sprang three chil
dren—Benjamin L. Franklin. Lena
Franklin, now Mrs. Porter, and Mollie
Franklin, now Mrs. Wilson.'
Franklin pere moved to Portland
from the province of Victoria and there
changed the order of his «iving. In
place of the unrestricted freedom of
the forest, he allowed the convention
alities of society to direct his new life*.
He conformed to the new regime just
as he had formerly shaken off the shac
kles of convention imposed by the so
cial system of the civilized world. His
children were reared according to the
first instincts of the father; they went
to school, imbibed the first lessons of
their new surroundings and assimilated
the new conditions.
The dark-skinned wife even at this
period has gone out of the life of the
young maker of romances. From this
time on she is never heard of. AVhether
Franklin secured a divorce from her
or whether she died is not positively
known, but the latter is the general
presumption. Franklin was, however,
extremely devoted to his children at
this time. The stay in Portland was
of no long duration. Seeking larger
fields, driven on by the spirit of unrest
and with the natural proclivities of a
man of energy, his home was once more
changed and he migrated to San Fran
cisco sometime in the sixties. Here
he struggled for a few years? toiling
for his children and assisted by them
when he met the woman who is at pres
ent his widow. Three children com
prised the issue of this union. i
The children of the first marriage are
represented by Attorneys John F. Ri
ley, the well-known insurance lawyer,
Felix H. Merzbach and Lucius L. Sol
omons. Crittenden Thornton has been
engaged as counsel. From present in
dications the fight for the dead man's
money will be an affair consuming
much time and the ingenuity of coun
sel.
The complaints and petitions which
will be tiled to-day in the name of Mol-
Ue Wilson are themselves sensational
in character. The first recites that the
Inventory returned by Mrs. Pauline
Franklin, executrix, shows that the es
tate was only valued at $2953, and con
sists of certain small pieces of personal
property, and that the petitioner is in
formed and verily believes that said
decedent was at the time of his death
possessed of real and personal property
situated in this city of the value of
$500,000. It is also alleged that Pauline
Franklin, executrix, notwithstanding
the knowledge that the estate was of
such value, "returned the false valua
tion with intent to deceive the court,
the heirs and legatees."
Further the petitioner recites on in
formation and belief that the children
of the present Mrs. Franklin have in
their possession certain deeds, convey
:i n<>-!. bonds, contracts and other writ-
Ing which of right belong to the es
tate.
The petition concludes with a prayer |
that Pauline Franklin, Bertha Frank- j
lin, Philip Franklin and Harry Frank- j
lin be cited to appear and attend be
fore the Superior Court and submit to
examination on facts relating to the
estate.
The second complaint and petition
calls for the appearance in court of
Louis Metzger, Louis Schonberg, Rich
ard O'Connor, Sig. Newbauer and Juda
Boas, surviving partners in the Little :
Louisiana Lottery Company, of which
Franklin was senior partner.
If the petition is allowed the affairs
of the Little Louisiana Lottery Com
pany will be aired in court.
Julius L. Franklin prospered well in
I San Francisco. After a few years of
| toil in the city he met with financial
buc( sses that placed him on the first !
stepping stone of fortune. The risk and
chance of the open days were trans- j
planted In another soil and success at- !
•! his speculations. At the time j
of his death Franklin was a man re- I
I to be very wealthy and was
known for his acts of benevolence and
charity.
Hia children by the first marriage '
grew up in San Francisco. The two i
daughters lived with the second wife ;
until they married. Benjamin Frank
lin seemed to have in him the roving
spirit of his father. He started out as
type-setter, then became a journalist
and is now an editor of some paper in
the South.
WAS NOT COMPELLED TO RESIGN '
Jars. Pettee Denies That She Was
Forced From the Eureka
Society.
An echo of the recent quarrel which
took place and characterized the meet-
Ing of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children, which was held last
Friday evening, has been heard and Mrs
John Pettee has come forth to denounce
the accusation that she was forced to
resign from the organization as a rumor
d ,Vi, l fa^h and , without the least foun
dation. She claims that she was
neither forced from the chair nor e^en
ask... to resign her position as pres"
the which she has held almost since
the birth of the Institution, and when
a .t last she. with her own accord de
oded to hand in her relinquishment vL
pers thereby severing her conncctfon
with the society, the resignation was not
accepted by the directors, who refused
to appoint a successor In her place
so< letj ! late the cause of the pntiro
trouble lies in the fact that money col
lected for the institution has been an'
propnated by outsiders, who have never
turned a cent into the coffers where it
rightly belongs, but on the contrary
have used the money to line their own
individual pockets, totally Ignoring the
urgent needs of the society. She claims
that although she is the founder of the
society and should therefore have its
best interests at heart, she. will not re
sume the official responsibility of Ruling
It unless an investigating committee if
appointed that will act as a check upon
the unscrupulous persons who take it
upon themselves to systematically rob
the society of Its just dues.
HOW TO KAISE MONEY.
Attorney George Hayford Is an Ex
pert at the Business.
Attorney George Hayford is wanted on
charges of passing worthless checks on a
number of storekeepers on the strength
of having 47> cents to his credit in ihe
Union Trust and Loan Company.
A warrant for his arrest was issued in
Judge Campbell's court on Friday for
passing a worth!-, ss check for $5 on the
Ralston restaurant on Market street and
yesterday two more warrants were sworn
out against him. One was at the instance
of E. H. Baxter, druggist, 948 Market
Street On March 3 Hayford went into
his store, and, on the strength that he
was a regular customer, he got a cehek
for $5 cashed, which was returned dis
honored.
The other was at the instance of D. M. ■
Fletcher, grocer^ Hayes street and Varvj
Ness avenue. About two weeks ago Hay- j
ford went into his bar and, after purchas- i
ing a drink or two, gave a $10 check in
payment, receiving the balance in cash, i
In the first case he is charged with petty !
larceny by trick, fraud and device, and in '
tin second wn.i obtaining money by false
pretenses.
The Quarantine Laws.
Judge Conlan yesterday rendered his
decision in the case of Captain Frederick
B. Dlnsmore of the brigantine Galilee, who
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 8, 1898.
A VERY WELCOME VISITOR.
After a smart run of 114 days from New York the American ship Charmer was becalmed six miles off the heads
yesterday. When the tug Reliance put in an appearance Captain Holmes at once began to take in sail, and it did
not take him long to strike a bargain with Captain Brokaw of the Reliance.
is charged by Dr. Hill, acting State
Quarantine Officer, with violating the
quarantine laws by landing a passenger
before the vessel had been inspected by
him. The Judge said he had no other
recourse but to convict the defendant,
and fined him $100, with the alternative
of 100 days. Notice of appeal was given
at once and the necessary bonds tiled.
GEBKIE'S VEGETABLE GARDEN.
Brief History of the Site of the Old
Presbyterian Church on Mason
Street.
The demolition of the old Presbyterian
church on Mason street, north of Eddy,
on which a music hall Is about to be
erected, brings to mind one of the early
chapters In the history of San Francisco.
The spot where the church now stands
was in the early fifties the private resi
dence of Henry Gerkie, he who owned the
present vineyard of the estate of Senator
Leland Stanford at Vina, Tehama Coun
ty. Gerkie, who was among the early
settlers in San Francisco, climbed over
the western sandhills away from the
plaza and located in the then outside sec
tion of the city on Mason street and built
a cottage where the church now about to
be razed has stood for the past thirty
four years. Alongside of this place, cov
ering two squares, was a vegetable gar
den, out of which the shrewd Gerkie sup
plied the early settlers with such vegeta
bles as were then needed. A mule trail
over the sandhills was the only means by
which the market was supplied out of
this garden, and it was no uncommon
occurrence for Gerkie's mule driver to
bring home to his employer from $100 to
$150 For a day's sale of the luscious vege
tables that grew in the place.
This condition of trade kept up until
1562, when J. K. Prior purchased 30x82
feet from the original owner on the cor
ner of Mason and Eddy streets for the
sum of $2500.
The old cottage occupied by Gerkie was
removed in 1564 and the church took its
place, but progress and the advance
ment of the city which does not even re
spect churches forced the removal of the
congregation to the corner of Polk street
and Golden Gate avenue. The property
has remained Idle ever since until now,
when the owner is about to erect a music
hall In its stead.
LADY CYCLISTS AVENGED.
Peter Gallagher and Thomas Dolan
Convicted by Judge Campbell.
Peter Gallagher and Thomas Dolan. the
»two young men who grossly inpulted Mrs.
E. I* White, HIS Grove street, and Mrs.
Florence Higgins, 617 Lyon street. In
Golden Gate Park last Thursday after
noon while they were out bicycle riding.
were convicted by Judge Campbell yes
terday and were ordered to appear for
sentence to-day, when tho Judge will
likely give them the limit.
The two ladies gave their testimony In
court and the language uso<l toward them
by the defendants was vulgar and insult
ing In the extreme. Park Policeman
Kavanaugh also testified to the ladies
complaining to him and to arresting the
two men.
Gallagher and Dolan are still in the
<';ty Prison as they have been unable to
furnish the $1000 bonds each which the
Judge in his anger fixed.
Insolvent Saloon-Keeper.
William 11. Wessllng, a saloon keeper,
filed a petition in insolvency yesterday.
His liabilities are scheduled at $325t> 70 and
his assets at $150.
Asthma, bronchitis, catarrh, cure guarntd. Dr.
Gordin'sSanitarlum,Cl4Pine,nr.Kearny,S.F.,Cal.
SHALL CULTURE
SERVE CARROTS?
Berkelegites Protest Against Universitu
Professors Infringing on Their
Right to Board Students,
THERE is bitterness in the souls of
the good people of Berkeley— at
least, some of them— against cer
tain professors at the State Uni
versity, who, they believe, are In
fringing on their rights as citizens and
taxpayers of the college town.
Like the inhabitants of all college lo
calities, the Berkeleyites hold that the
student body and the under professors
and instructors rightfully belong to
them, in a sense, and when the heads
r>f departments who are drawing large
salaries from the State endeavor to give
practical object lessons in thrift outside
of the classrooms and seek to share
with the townsfolk the divorcing of the
undergraduates from their allowances
for maintenance the aforesaid citizens
think the time Is propitious to lift up
their voices in protest.
The whole trouble is due to the negli
gence of the young men and women
attending the university to reach that
degree of physical and mental culture
that they can exist without what are
ordinarily termed the necessaries of
life. But it Is a fact that every student
in Berkeley believes that lodgings are
as essential as Latin and board of more
importance than botany, and so their
first thought is to find, suitable accom
modations during their college life.
Hotels are frowned upon, and the av
erage resident who has a spare room
and a place for an extra plate at his
table readily consents to give the va
cant space to the sweet co-ed or the
aspiring football hero with an appetite
like an anaconda for a consideration.
Looking upon this as their especial
privilege, It is hardly to be wondered
at that when a professor seeks to add
to his income in like manner his action
is regarded in the light of an infringe
ment on their rights.
The awful story is told that a certain
educator, whose fame has spread be
yond the confines of this glorious land,
the head of a great department and the
owner of a handsome home, with an
avoidance of any appearance of spend
thriftiness that is truly philosophical,
has fitted up quarters In his barn — an
imposing structure- -which are occupied
by two instructors.
Still otbera are charged with har
A QUICK VOYAGE
FROM NEW YORK
The Charmer Made the
Run in a Hundred and
Fourteen Days.
Sprung Her Mainmast Head
and Injured Three of the
Men in a Gale.
Disastrous Ending of the Klondike
Expedition on the Sloop
Anna Catherina.
The American ship Charmer arrived
from New York yesterday in the fast
time of 114 days. The Charmer was
twice spoken during the passage — on
November 20 In latitude 34 north, lon
gitude 49 west, and a month later in
latitude 16 south, longitude 36 west.
On December 30, in latitude 34 22
south, longitude GO 12 west, the Charm
er ran into a heavy southwest gale,
which did considerable damage. She
sprung her mainmast head, anda heavy
sea which broke aboard seriously in
jured the mate and two of the sailors.
The men were well taken care of and
are now almost as well as ever.
The bark King Cyrus has made an
other start for San Francisco via Hum- j
boldt from Newcastle, N. S. W. On
the former occasion she was only a I
few days at sea when a terrific storm j
nearly wrecked her. Her captain man- j
aged to get her into Sydney harbor, but j
she had to be run on the flats to pre
vent her from sinking. Her cargo of
coal was discharged and the vessel was
put on the dry dock for repairs. After
a thorough overhauling she took on an
other cargo and Bailed again for Hono
lulu yesterday.
The steamer Umatilla sailed for Pu
get Sound yesterday. She will connect
at Seattle with the steamer Queen and
will transfer to her a number of miners
bound for the Klondik". There were
the usual scenes at the wharf prior to
the sailing of the Umatilla.
D. D. and M. Stewart, H. Calder and
R. A. Chisholm were going up on the
Umatflla, but changed their minds and
will ko overland to Seattle, where they
will join the Queen. The Stewarts and
Calder are partners of Alec McDonald,
the King of the Klondike, and Chis
holm is the son of the well-known con
tractor and builder of that name.
One Klondiker was several minutes
late for the steamer, but he was not
to be beaten. He took a Whitehall boat
boring the unlettered student in their
homes and at their very tables, while
one— horrible to say— not only keeps a
cow but actually sells that portion of
muley's product not consumed by his
own brood of children. All of which i<
prejudicial to the repose of mind of
certain householders in the said town
of Berkeley.
To offset the charm that might lure
the youthful food exterminator from
their own boards to the rooftree of
their instructors, certain citizens have
resorted to various expedients. Not
long ago one family secured a teacher
of languages, and strightway proceeded
to bill him as a star attraction. No
tices were posted on the college black
board that students who were fortu
nate enough to secure shelter in that
house would have the advantage of
alrfng their lack of knowledge of for
eign tongues at the table. One can al
most see the happy faces gathered
around that board, all hands lying to
while the leading member of Sorosis
calls for the prunes in Portuguese and
the consternation that ensues when
the voracious ball-player howls for the
hominy in Hebrew.
On the other hand it is asserted on
behalf of the offending professors that
they either own or rent the dwellings
they occupy, and consequently are on
exactly the same plane as the lay resi
dents of the place, and, therefore. -have
a perfect right to "take in" boarders if
they see fit to do so.
Where the trouble will end nobody
knows, but in the near future one may
expect to see the dead walls of Berke
ley covered with posters reading some
thing like this:
STUDENTS!
You Can Get Good Beans and Learn
Botany at One and the Same
Time at
MRS. COOKEM'S.
Or a card hanging in the front win
dow of some pretentious dwelling
bearing this inscription:
PROFESSOR KXOWIT,
Rhetoric and Rooms.
and rowed out into the stream, where
the captain of the Umatilla threw him
a rope and he was hauled aboard.
One of the Klondike passengers was
Sullivan, "The Ghost," a well-known
criminal. He has spent about half his
life behind the bars, and the Harbor
police were not sorry to see him sail
ing away on the Umatilla.
Among: those who will leave for Kot
zebue Sound on the barkentine Cath
erine Sudden next May are: L. A.
Stockley, R. D. Healey, H. Fothergill,
William Sidman, Charles Leonard, R.
B. Johnson and party of ten, H. V.
Bard, Hans Koch, Dr. I. W. Sorrick
and party of twenty, F. Griffice, An
drew Johnson, F. Knapp, J. Gillespie.
Cyrus Mulkey, G. H. Waller and George
Havener.
The sloop Anna Catharina, which left
here for St. Michaels, has arrived at
Port Townsend. She had aboard when
she sailed Captain Calvin S. Winched
and his wife, Mate John Brown anl
his wife and James McDonald and
James Shaw, sailors. She had to put
into Fort Ross in distress and then
agair. into Tillamook, where the sail
ors deserted. Now Mesdames "Winchell
and Brown have gone overland and the
sloop is for sale to the highest bidder.
THOUGHTS FOR MINISTERS.
Interesting Papers Read at the Vari
ous Meetings Yesterday.
The Methodist ministers are making ex
tensive preparations for the arrival of Dr.
and Mrs. Baldwin, the secretaries of the
foreign missions, who have been traveling
In the Orient for some time past. They
are expected to reach this city on Sunday
next.
On Monday it is their Intention to hold
a largo meeting in the Y. M. C. A. Audi
torium and to invite the members of the
various ministerial unions tp defer their
regular meetings on that day and join
with them in greeting the travelers.
In the evening at the Central M. E.
Church there will be a large rally, at
which Dr. and Mrs. Baldwin will be pres
ent to tell of their experiences in China.
A paper was read by Rev. Mr. Rich at
the Methodist meeting yesterday, his sub
ject being "The Holy Spirit, the Giver of
Life," during the course of which he
made; the statement that he believed the
difference in sex was not by accident,
but by the doing of the Holy Ghost, who
hud a wise purpose for each child born
into the world. He said it has been clearly
shown in the Bible where God had dl
rectly influenced the birth of children, as
in the case of John the Baptist, and Mr.
Rich argued that if God had intervened
in the sex of man in the earlier days why
not at the present, and if he used power
over one why not over all.
Rev. Mr. Vour.g read a paper before
the Baptists entitled "Psychology of Con
version and Growth." lie commented on
the views of Professor Starbuck of Stan
lord and remarked that Instead of the
ministers being against the professor, as
.a tirst, they owe him a debt of gratitude
for his writings on this subject.
"Present Views of the Atonement" was
the paper read before the Presbyterians
yesterday by Dr. Burnett, and the article
caused much discussion. He contended
that the death of Christ absorbed the sins
of the people. He also stated that his
death was not an expiation but only a
means of bringing life. He also said:
"In all probability a theory of the atone
ment that shall satisfy the claims of rea
son and conscience and scripture and
science is yet to be found."
The Congregationalists were entertained
and edified by a paper read by Rev. \Y. S.
Scudder on "Christian Socialism."
The Christian ministers heard some re
marks by Rev. Mr. Berry on "Christian
ity Persuasive, not Coercive." He con
demned the method of publicly censuring
the sinner, but rather recommended that
kindness be shown him. He also said that
the congregation was the one that had
power over the wayward" member rather
than the general body.
The German ministers listened to a pa
per on "Brotherly Love and Its Influence
on the Social Life," by Rev. Dr. Bonn.
A gentleman appeared before all the
meetings of the ministers with the sug
gestion that they join with others In
petitioning the President for a national
day of lasting and prayer that the
threatened war may be averted. The ad
vocate was not thought to be a man of
enough reliability so no action was taken
by the ministers.
■ m *
PABKS. AND SQUABES.
The Freeholders Add One More Com
mission to the Mayor ;s Ap
pointments.
At last night's session of the Freehold
ers Irving M. Scott O. D. Baldwin and J.
B. Reinstein appeared and advocated the
creation of a separate commission for the
management of all the public parks and
squares within the city and county.
Their arguments prevailed, and one
more commission was added to the May
or's list.  „
After this was disposed of the Free
holders settled down to work on that part
of the proposed charter relating to the
department of public works. The several
articles bearing on the duties of this
branch of the city's government went
through smoothly. One section, however,
that on the protest of property-owners
against street Improvements, was the
cause of some debate. As the law now
stands, ono-half of the property-owners
has the power to stop all Improvements
fur an indefinite period by protesting
every six months. This was changed so
that'after the first six months it will re
quire two-thirds of all the property-own
ers to Join in the protest to further stop
the improvement.
That section which was referred at a
previous session bearing on the tearing
up of streets by corporations for the pur
pose of laying pipes, etc., was amended
in so far that after an estimate is made
of the expense of each block on the lint
proposed to be operated a deposit must
be made with the commission to cover the
expense of putting the street in its former
condition.
The section providing for the removal
of officers by the Mayor provoked much
discussion. The original section provided
tor the votes of sixteen Supervisors be
fore the action of the Mayor became final,
but this was so amended that "fourteen"
was substituted.
A Charitable Lecture.
A lecture on "The Charity of the
Church" will be delivered in Metropolitan
Hall on Thursday evening, March 10, for
the beneiit of St. Joseph's Home for
Deaf-Mute Children, Oakland.
The institution was founded in 1594 by
the Sisters of St. Joseph for the educa
tion of deaf-mute children. It is without
any endowment or regular fund, and de
peiids mainly on the proceeds of lec
tures for support. The children are taken
free of charge, and after receiving an
education are given the option of remain
ing in the home or of accepting positions
provided for them. During the past year
the institution has suffered from lack of
funds, but it is hoped that the benefit
next Thursday will net a handsome sum.
Dr Cachot. formerly of St. Mary's Hos
mtaJ. removed to ID 34 st. Tel. Mint 1436."
WOULD PROVE
OF LASTING
BENEFIT
Every One Is in Favor
of the Proposed
Exposition.
Interior Counties "Will
Lend Necessary As
sistance.
The Mayor Will Name a Com
mittee to Arrange Pre
liminary Details.
PREPARING INVITATIONS.
The Committee Will Represent the
Largest Business Interests of
the City.
That the semi-centennial anniversary
of the admission of California into the
sisterhood of States will be properly
■ and fittingly commemorated is an as
i sured fact. The suggestion made by
| The Call that the golden wedding of
our State to the Union be made the
occasion of a grand exposition has met
! with hearty approval on all sides. The
I merchants and citizens of San Fnua
■ cisco have pledged their hearty support
I and several of the Mayors represent
i ing interior cities of the State, have
also promised aid.
Mayors Land of Sacramento, M. P.
Snyder of Los Angeles, Valentine Koch
of San Jose, J. A. Fuller of Napa, W.
T. Ellis of Marysville, C. J. Craycroft
of Fresno, D. C. Reed of San Diego and
Charles P. Patterson of Pomona ha\ •?
expressed their favorable feelings to
ward the proposed celebration. They
are united in the opinion that the ex
position should be held, not alone to
represent and fittingly advertiae the
resources and products of Calif jrn.u,
but those of the junior States ad
mitted after our State. We have in
addition been promised the aid of sev
eral of the contiguous States, and by a
concentration of action we will be ablo
to hold an exposition in 1900 that will
draw the attention of the entire world
to the country west of the Rockies.
We have at our disposal everything
required to make a grand display and
as every one is willing and anxious to
help there is every reason to believe
the exposition will prove a far greater
success than the Midwinter Fair. The
Midwinter Fair was the means of
bringing many thousands of visitors to
our State and the beneficial results are
still felt. Many made their homes with
us and invested their capital here. If
the Midwinter Fair was a Sttceen
what a far greater success will be the
exposition with the assistance r.-i our
neighboring States'.
While every one admits that an expo
sition such as was suggested by The
j Call would prove of almost incalculable
j benefit, there is not a unanimity of
I opinion as to just when it should be
held. There are some who fear that the
Paris fair, which will be held the same
year, would prove a counter attraction
! and keep many away who would visit
us if our exposition should not be held
until 1901. The time of holding the ex
position is of but little moment. All
that The Call desires is that there be
an exposition worthy of the occasion
and resources and products of Califor
nia.
The time of holding the exposition
will be probably fixed by a committee
to be appointed by Mayor Phelan with
in the next few days. Mayor Phelan is
very enthusiastic over the movement.
He is now engaged in preparing an in
vitation to leading citizens to arrange
the preliminary details for making the
celebration one worthy of the occasion.
He realizes that much will depend on
the energy displayed by the committee.
The committee will not be appointed
by him until he receives assurances
from those he may name that they will
give all the time necessary to make the
movement one of the most successful
ever inaugurated in the United States.
Governor Budd has sent out invita
tions to the Chief Magistrates of ad
joining States asking them to join us
in making the semi-centennial one that
will redound to the credit of the entire
Pacific Slope. That favorable responses
will be received is certain, for four
States through their Governors have
already promised to join in the grand
celebration.
THE LECTURE POSTPONED.
Father Yorke Has Canceled His En
gagement at Metropolitan
Temple.
The lecture that was to be delivered by
Father Yorke at Metropolitan Temple
next Thursday evening has been postponed,
owing to the sudden death of his brother
in-law. Chief Justice Davie of British Co
lumbia. Father Yorke, upon receiving
telegraphic communication announcing
his death, made immediate preparations
to leave for the north so as to be in time
to participate In the funeral at the grave
of his deceased relative.
—■♦ • . .
Dennis Coyne Promoted.
Dennis Coyne, distributor In the mail-
Ing department of the Postofflce, has been
appointed Postal Inspector under R. R.
Munro, inspector in charge. This appoint
ment fills up the regular quota of six
inspectors for this district, the number
having stood at five for some time past
because of a change in the boundaries of
the district. Mr. Coyne has been con
nected with the department since ISS2.
■ ♦ ■
Suits Transferred.
The case of D. D. Brooks vs. The South
ern Pacific Railroad Company to recover
$20,660 for damages caused by a collision
in Santa Clara County has been trans
ferred to the United States Circuit Ctyjrt
in this city. Also the suit of J. W. Hall
vs. 'me Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany for $50,000 damages for the loss of a
leg In Shasta County.
News for the Wheelmen.
The League of American Wheelmen numbers
nearly 2000 below the 100.000 mark within the
last few weeks. In spite of this startling
diminution, the maximum of health may be
attained by those who use the comforting and
thorough tonic, Hostetter'a Stomach Hitters,
which promotes digestion, a healthy flow of
biie, regularity of the bowels and counteracts
kidney trouble. It is, moreover, a remedy for
and preventive of malaria and rheumatism.
CUJRED^j!Sf»SI
V&i>^kfitE\fiHY&r
kV^j^iG.S P I T Z V.n o.
WHAT OTHERS SAY.
The Words of Friends Are Genuine a«d
Reliable.
It is easy for people to talk about them
selves, and state what they m;iy have
done, but It is far better to have other
people t=peak for you. The words which
follow are the frank expressions of people
who know of what they speak.
Rev. Wm. W. Whitney of Linlithpo. N.
V.. says: "I have been afflicted more or
less for six years past with malaria, ague,
have had pneumonia three times and
have bt-en troubled with bronchial and
catarrhal trouble of the throat. Two
years ago I had the grip, which ran Into
caturrhal pneumonia. While in this con
dition I began taking something of which
I had heard much, and am rejoiced to say
that I have been practically cured by the
use of Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey."
Mr. John K. Chase, Amesbury. Mass.,
says: "For some six years past my wife
has been suffering from nervous prostra
tion. For years she was troubled with in
somnia and nothing recommended by the
most eminent physicians would induce
sleep. Under the advice of physicians she
recently tried Duffy's malt whiskey In
small quantities and with the most satis
factory results. While Mrs. Chase has
always been stanch in her temperance
principles and consistent in practice, she
has no hesitation in recommending to in
valids who need a gentle stimulant
Duffy's pure malt whiskey."
E. C. Avila, of the Brooklyn association
for Improving the condition of the poor,
says: "I have used Duffy's pure malt
whiskey for the past two years, having
suffered from severe headaches and nerv
ous prostration. I have been very much
relieved by the use of the whiskey and
have gained nearly seventeen pounds in
weight."
The above statements speak for them
selves.
No deception practiced.
No $100 Reward.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST
for a generous : .
10 cent trial size.
Ely's Cream balm
contains no cocaine, mercnry nor any other in-
jurious ("jue. It opens and cleanses the Nasal
Passages, Allays Pain and Inflammation, lleaii
and Protects the Membrane. Restores the Sense*
of Taste aud SmelL Is quickly absorbed. Give*
Relief at once. 50 cts. at Druggists or by mail,
Trial Size 10 cts. at Druggists or by mail.
ELY BROTHERS. 6S Warren Street. New York
— AMUSEMENTS^
tSuOLANDIB GOTTtOB a CS usstf} tnuwa
Last Week— The Famous Original
-2«t^ BOSTOISTC-A-iNrs «=♦«?-.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
Jules Jordan's Version
"RIP \//\IN VI/lISK.I-E !'•
Wednesday— "THE SERENADE."
Remainder or Week— "ROBIN HOOD."
NEXT WEEK,
"MYSTERIOUS MR. BUGLE"
A legitimate farce in three acts. JOSEPH
HOLLAND ana an efficient cast.
ißo&imMi cMatm
RIEOUNDCR GOTHOB ft Cusill* •«••«•«»
TWO WEEKS- MATINEE SATURDAY.
PRIMROSE & WEST'S
BIG MINSTRELS.
George Primrose, America's Greatest Min-
strel. George Wilson, Prince of Comedians.
E M. Hall, Famous Banjoist, and 40 Others.
Coming— "HA." ;
THE BIG HIT OF THE YEAR I
Jose Quintet, greatest vaudeville singing act;
Josephine Sabel, vivacious chanteuse. and the
Human Music Sheet— fifty colored . vocalists;
Rudinoff, fantastic delineator; Webb & Hassan,
hand acrobats; Smith & Cook, dancing come-
dians: Smart £ Williams, colored comedians;
Whitney Brothers, musical artists; The Doners,
eccentric sketch team; Lina Pantzer, danseuse
fil de fer; Geo. W. Day, monologue comedian.
Reserved Seats. Kc. Balcony. 10c. Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c. ■
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mus. Ekxkstixe KnEi.txo. Proprietor & Manager
-THIS EVENING
The Brilliant Musical Comedy.
-i_r>_i-T-f»-»-«-<^-«'T-r"i-i~u~o~'-^*"~u~'J~''~"~'~'~' l^ *" ** *-
GeIsHA!
GEISHA!
A story of a tea-house.
HAPPY JAPAN— GARDEN OF GLITTER.
The Prettiest Production of the Year.
On account of unsatisfactory telephone serv-
ice no orders for seats will be received here-
after. Popular Prices 25c and 50c
_ _ ■ - .
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE •
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager
First Production of H. Grattan Donnelly's New
Melodrama,
"THE WOMAN IN BLACK!"
The Most Exciting Comedy Sensation of the
Day.
Illustrating the power of hypnotism and the
exciting incidents of a hot political campaign.
Evening prices, 10c, 25c, 50c. Matinees Satur-
day and Sunday.
ALCAZAR. seats by
ALvnZ<nl\i MAIN 254.
—A BIG HIT!-—
Such is the Verdict of the Vast Audience
That Witnessed
N. C GOODWIN'S High Class Comedy
"A GILDED FOOL!"
Every night this week. Matinee Saturday.
Prices— inc. 25c, 35c. 50c. _.
CHIQUITA
Is Re-demanded for Another Week at THE
CHUTES.
Every Afternoon and Evening, Rain or Shine.
TO-MORROW, WEDNESDAY, Opening of the
,--A*-'ij ...x00,.. . . -, •
THE GRANDEST AGGREGATION OF
WILD ANIMALS IN CAPTIVITY!
10c to all, Including vaudeville; children, 5c
PACING! RACING! RACING!
—CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting, 1537-OS, Beginning MONDAY.
March 7, to March 19, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OK MORE RACES EACH DAY.
——RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP.-
: Ferry boats leave San Francisco at 12 m.
and 12:30, 1:00. 1:30, 2:00. 2.30 and 3 p.. m.,
connecting with train stopping at the entrance
to track. Buy your ferry tickets to , Shell
Mound. Returning— Trains leave the track .at
4-15 a»id 1:45 p. m.. and Immediately •• after the
last race THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Pre*,
R. B. • MILROY. Secretary.
■ — ■ —- — - -  ~ ; ~~ . . . . .
HI VMDII__ Corner of Mtson anJ
UL|Y "trlA— . Eddy SUeeti
■ America's most beautiful music hall. Great-
est free bill in the world, v DRAWEE, world
famous juggler: MULLIN & WARD, novelty
boxing : STAKKET :& : RATKBUN : • SIMON-
SEN, INEZ. ARNELDO, ANTONETTE, and
ten others. House Heated. Admission Fre*. - '
78
BOSIONIANS IN
A BAD OPERA
"Rip Van Winkle " Is the
Worst Since "The
Bathing Girl."
Lively Minstrels Chase the
Gloom From the Co
lumbia.
Sabel and a Big Orpheum Bill—Alca
zar's "Gilded Fool" — Morosco's
New Piece.
The most melancholy thing of a mus
ical nature that has happened at the
Baldwin since that night several years
ago when a company that had been
appearing In "The Fencing Master"
smote us with a Denver comic opera
by the name of "The Bathing Girl" was
the Bostonians' production last night
of Jules Jordan's operatic version of
"Rip Van Winkle." This was the first
time the piece had been given outside
the home of the author-composer, and
for the good love I bear the Bostonians
I hope it will be the last— or the next
to the last, since it is to be repeated
to-night. As a rule I am opposed to
the sort of criticism that attempts to i
wipe the work of an author or of a
compoaer off the face of the earth on
the mere unanalytical say-so of the i
critic. But the book and the music of j
Mr. Jordan's "Rip" defy analysis; even
description could be nothing better
than abuse. As Mr. Jordan is his own
librettist he knows what he wants in
that line, and he writes cues for his
music— any old kind of a "cue" that
will start a song a-singing— and he
leaves the action and story to the scen
ery and your familiarity with Wash
ington Irving.
However, the sins of omission are
only a detail. It was not the play he
left undone, bait the music that he did,
which made the first night hideous.
At a conservative estimate there are
Blxty songs In Mr. Jordan's opera, no ,
.wo alike, and all cheap, banal and ,
raw without combining any of the lilt
and Insistence that is often found in ;
trivial tunes. The music is absolutely
without reason; it is childish; and so ,
much of It as falls to Jessie Bartlett j
Davis and Alice Nielsen is an insult to j
these artists. It was pitiably grotesque ;
to see them wrestling with the atroci- I
ties of their parts.
The only way in which I can explain ;
the production of such a piece by the I
Bostonians is that Barnabee. the senior
proprietor of the company, would see j
and hear himself the Joe Jefferson of
the lyric stage. The opera could not
have gone on without the consent ot
Barr.abee: the principal part was sim
ply larded for Barnabee; from 8:15 un
til 1025 the performance is an ava
lanche of Barnabee in the guise of the
young and henpecked Rip.
' Barnabee sings at least a dozen I
songs— serious songs, mind!— with a j
voice that would crack a safe. And
then there is another hour of him in
the whdskers and emotions of comic ;
opera senility. The dogs of the press j
have al-ways dealt kindly with Barna- (
bee- on nights when his years have I
gripped him hard and made his acting ;
and singing next to impossible the crit
lea have let it go as a good joke, be
cause it was dear old Barnabee. But j
when he assails a part like that of last
night it is time to call a halt and sug
gest a guardian ApHToN STEVENg>
Columbia.
The crowded house that greeted the j
Primrose and West minstrels at the j
Columbia Theater is evidence of the
position held by these favorites in the
public mind, and the manner in which the
applause was showered upon the com- j
pany at each turn indicated that the new j
features were as acceptable as any of the
old ones which have pleased past audi
ences. , , , .
Manuel Romaine. who was heralded as
Bostons greatest tenor, sang "Rose,
Sweet Rosf," and W. H. Thompson gave
a bit of sensational sentiment in a patri-
Otto song builded upon the destruction of j
the Maine. These were the only touches j
of seriousness in the entire performance. ]
The Quaker City Quartet, as the Music
al Blacksmiths, presented a new skit that
was very fetching and was full of sur
prises. George Primrose and George Wil
son have lost none of their power of
pleasing, even if time is beginning to tell
a little on their voices.
The strongest vaudeville feature of the
performance is the wonderful juggling
done by the Mowatt trio, whose marvel
ous hamdling of Indian clubs is still so out
of the ordinary as to bring forth round
after round of applause.
Orpheum.
Webb" and Hassan, who are billed as the
world's gre;it< j at hand acrobats at the Or
pheum. do one of the cleverest turns that
has been seen here for many a day, and
this appearance of the first turn on the
new bill was but a forerunner of the
other new good things to come, for the
entire bill is replete with high-class spe
cialists.
The crowning number of the new bill,
however, is Josephine Sabel with her Hu
man Music Sheet, in which fifty colored j
vocalists, arranged with their heads to
represent the notes on a sheet of music, i
made a combination of fun, music and I
surprise. Indeed, so well was this act re
ceived that the curtain was finally kept
down because of the sheer exhaustion of
the performers. Smith and Cook do a
clever skit called "The Millionaires," and
are good enough to be retained for some
time if the applause they received last
night is any criterion.
Moposco's.
In Grattan Donnelly's "The Woman in
Black" the first nighters saw a melo
drama something out of the usual vein.
The viaains dabble in hypnotism and low
politics, the hero is a candidate for con
gressional honors, and there are several
other innovations. However, the basic
elements of old fashioned melodrama are
not entirely thrust aside, and the audi
ence had large excuse for its enthusiasm
over both the play and the acting
Tivoli.
Friday, Saturday and Sunday's per
formances of the "Geisha" were given to
standing room, and there was a good
house last night to celebrate the beginning
of the second week of the revival
Chutes.
Out at the Chutes it is sworn to that
this Is the last week of record breaking
Chiqulta, Commencing to-morrow morn-
Ing the new zoo will be open to the
public.
Alcazar.
In considering the Alcazar's production
of "A Gilded Fool" it would hardly be
fair to hold Wright Huntington's idea of
the part of Chaunoey Short up to com
parison with Nat Goodwin. Mr. Hunting
ton is not especially graceful nor deilcate
In the part; in fact, he and the rest of
the company frankly pitch the perform
ance In the key of parlor melodrama; but
there is enough theatricallsm and Benti
mentality in the pieco to make it survive
this treatment. The stage settings are
pretty, and the audience last night was
large and quite enthusiastic.
Postal Examination.
A civil service examination for the Pos
tal Department will be held in this city
on March 17. The place will be announced
hereafter. The time for the filing of ap
olic»tlon» has expired.
A MEETING OF THE "BOO" GANG.
"Fatty" Blodes and Some Strangers Take In an Old Time Stag
Dance at Teutonia Hall.
CC T ENT may trow er damp rag
I on de festivities of de swell
guys on de nort side, but it
* cut no Ice wid de mugs
uf Howard street, whose he's
up havin 1 dere social toimes wen udder
mugs be's asleep," remarked the door
keeper at Teutonia Hall last night
when three strangers under the chap
eronage of "Fatty" Blodes applied for
admission.
"I suppose youse fellers tlnk yer
comln' down ter see er time and have
all kinds uf fun poipin" off de gazabas
Inside. Well, if yeh does yeh better
get on ter yerself roight now, fer yer
goin' In ter see nuttin' but gentlemen,
and every one uf dem is all will an'
a yard wide."
Here Mr. Blodes Interposed and for
mally introduced the stranger guests
to the hard-featured and athletlc-look
lng cerebus, and, taking him aside,
whispered something to him that evi
dently had a very soothing tendency,
for when he again turned toward the
strangers he wore a smile of such di
mensions that an appreciative by
stander noted it and informed them,
sotto voce, that "Sully" had a "gash
in his face wot wuz his mout. See?"
The strangers saw, and entered side
by side with no less personages than
"Bandy" Cummins and "Plunk" Ken
ny, the two geniuses to whom the
"800 Gang," the second organization
that was holding its regular weekly
"old stag dance" within, owes its be
ing.
As soon as the doors swung open the
strangers were greeted by a cloud of
tobacco smoke and the twanging of a
banjo, which, together with an accor
dion, furnished the music, to which
nearly a hundred couples kept more or
less time.
As soon as the strangers' eyes be
came accustomed to the dim light and
they were able to take in the scene,
MAYOR PIIELAN
ANSWERED
Auditor Arraigns His Honor
for the Attack Made Upon
His Office.
Charged With Playing to Small
and Inexperienced Poli-
The hostile attitude assumed by
Mayor Phelan at the last meeting of
the Board of Supervisors against Au
ditor Broderick brought forth from
that official a communication which in
timates that his Honor is making a
grandstand play to tickle the palates
of small-caliber politicians, and that
the attack upon the Auditor's office is
the result of his Honor's hotheaded
ness, to say the least. The letter reads:
Auditor's Office, San Francsico,
March 7, 18U8.
To the Honorable the Board of Super
visors of the City and County of San
Francisco— Dear Sirs: Through the cour
tesy of your Finance Committee, to whom
wis referred a communication from his
Honor, James D. Phelan. Mayor of San
Francisco, under date of February 28, I
am permitted to address you on the ninth
attack from him on the office of Auditor.
In addition to many statements and le
gal suggestions contained in his Honor's
communication that were some time
since "threshed out" by the Mayor and
Auditor, there is the following that I
consider deserving of some notice on my
"I therefore recommend that the City
and County Attorney be directed to insti
tute suitable proceedings against either
the Auditor or the Treasurer, or both,
and their bondsmen, to recover moneys
paid as salaries during the current fiscal
year to deputies of the County Clerk, ex
cept as authorized by the act of February
13 1880 "
Should the City and County Attorney be
called upon, in courtesy to the first mag
istrate, to enter suit against myself and
Treasurer Widber, I would suggest that
he be directed to Institute suit for the
full time that we have been acting con
trary to the Mayor's interpretation of the
law, so that Instead of Instituting suit for
$14 377, the amount of this fiscal year's ex
cess, he «hall sue for $171,556 83, the amount
our offices are subject for, and which has
been taken from the treasury through
our instrumentality during our respective
terms, in excess of $61,200 per annum, the
amount declared to be the constitutional
limit In the communication under consid
eration.
If you should enter suit for the amount
that is now growing in this fiscal year
you may be obliged to specify which de
mands of the eighty-five presented
monthly are the ones that are illegal, or
which thirty-two of the eighty-five de
mands are the legal ones. I tried to get
that problem solved by his Honor when
he called to my attention — last October—
that his l«gal mill had ground out the
THE SAX FHAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 8, 1898. .
through the mists of cigarette smoke
from a hundred mouths, they were
struck at once by two things, first, the
absence of the gentle sex, not one wo
man being in the place, and secondly,
by the tremendous gravity depicted on
the faces of the dancers who, clasping
each other as though separation meant
death, slowiy glided around and around
with heads resting on each other's
shoulders, only reversing once in a
while, but never smiling under any
circumstances.
Benches were ranged along the sides
of the hall and to one of these the
strangers were conducted and left to
the hospitable care of a young gentle
man by the name of "Conny" Freder
icks, familiarly texfepwn as "Conny the
Crab." Why he should be likened to
a crab was not manifest in his figure,
but as inquiry of a bystander elicited
the reply that, "When der bells wuz
ringing' merry 'er crab wuz ez good ez
'er crow," further investigation was
discontinued.
Crab or crow, Conny proved to be a
first-rate little fellow, and the anxiety
he displayed to have his charges see
everything and the pains he took to
anticipate and gratify their wishes
evinced a native courtesy that many
a cotillon leader could have studied
with profit.
"See der mug 'er spieling wld de
brick top in de black vest?" He would
say: "Dats 'Stew' Wolfe, one uf de ole
time gang, an' de bloke over dere In de
gray suit is Chimmie Mahoney, de
hardes" ting dat ever cum over de pike.
All us fellers call him 'Chimmie Hot,'
'cause he's such 'er warm baby.
fact that I should sign only thirty-two
out of the eighty-five demands presented
for salary of deputy county clerks and
copyists, forty-nine and thirty-six, re
spectively. If judgment be obtained for
these months I would suggest, in justice
to the bondsmen of the present Auditor
and Treasurer, that, then, suit be in
stituted against our predecessors, their
bondsmen and estates, for $352,196 22. the
amount paid by them in excess of the
constitutional limitation announced.
You will, 1 hope, pardon me for saying
that I think the request made that you
seek the great honor and credit that
would certainly follow success in obtain
ing so great an amount for the city and
county is but a political "gold brick'
proposition. You can hardly expect that
a genuine one would be so kindly ten
dered you. His Honor must have some
doubts as to this being the proper mode
of procedure. I think the proper mode to
stop the extravagance of the County
Clerk, so far as rellates to the law quoted
by his Honor, is the one he refers to in
his communication as having been tried
by a citizen at his suggestion, and which
was ignomlniously abandoned in the
"middle of the fight."
Had that suit been instituted with sin
cere and honest intentions, and an appeal
been taken, the Treasurer could not have
paid the demand, and the Supreme Court
would have had opportunity to pass on
the question and you and I and the public
would have been spared the present ag
ony. I fear that the same weakness of
heart, or lack of honest courage, that was
po prevalent in the Mayor's camp when
it was suggested to test the tax levy veto
power in the Supreme Court, was the
direct cause of the abandonment of that
important case so soon as the Superior
Judge decided against the citizen induced
by him to play the part of cat in the
chestnut game.
The notice given the "officers of the
finance department" referred to by his
Honor was contained in an extensive and
carefully prepared but very illogical ar
gument upon the illegality of the appoint
ments of the District Attorney, and also
County Clerk, addressed to me under date
of October 18 last. Having public duties
that call for personal labor each official
hour of the day, 1 gave all the official
time possible, as well as all my private
time to an Investigation of the volumin
ous matters and reasonings contained
therein, and made respectful and, as I
then thought and still believe, full and
good answer under date of November 2,
The Mayor knows full well the difficul
ty I must necessarily experience in keep
ing up to the product of the rickety-rack
ety legal shoddy mill established in his
office, and I respectfully suggest that it
is at least cold-blooded that he uses his
official station and well filled purse to
keep the machinery of the "miserable old
trap" turning out shoddy opinions in ex
cess of the demand. Production in excess
of demand reduces the price value, and Is
a well-known business maxim. If the
product in future be no better than that
lately issued against the Auditor, and the
manner of publicity given It In the Ex
aminer be not modified, I will be forced
to the belief that it is prompted by malice
and a determination to harass me, as well
as being the promptings of an unhealthy
ambition to tickle the palates of the po
litically inexperienced and crafty, with a
pretense of political and public virtue.
Were I not well fortified with a rea
sonably decent political record for con
servative official integrity, the Mayor
must know that the effect of his numer
ous attacks u,Don the Auditor's office
might be well calculated to do more than
harass. The manner adopted for their
publication ia the Examiner, under th»
"De feller tumpln' de banjo on de
stolge Is 'Long' Lewis, de Mission
sprinter, an' 'Windy' Richard Is him
wid de accordion. Ter see de yellar
headed feller dats jest got up offen
de floor? De gang calls him de Par
son, an' it wuz him dat composed
'Chimmie On de Rock," which is all de
go on de s<>ut' side now. Dere's de
Pertrerer Terror, de feller tryin' to do
de rag, an' der guy pattin' for him ez
'Duffy* Mulally who broke up de Tre
mont Social Club wid er bottle an' 'er
chair."
Thus would "Conney" explain to his
guests who the famous presonages
were and on what grounds rested their
claims to distinction.
The "800 Gang" is a club composed
of young fellows who work in the dif
ferent foundries. It meets twice a
week— on Monday and Friday nights—
and it Is strictly a stag affair. The ob
ject of the club is to dance and have a
good time, and the price of admission
Is 10 cents.
Occasionally when the new members
have attained a sufficient degree of
proficiency in the art of "spieling," a
grand affair is held at the club's reg
ular meeting place. Teutonia Hall, 1318
Howard street, and ladies are admitted
with escorts. On such occasions the
band is increased to three pieces by the
addition of a tin whistle, and the danc
ing, Instead of concluding at 10 o'clock,
as is the custom on ordinary nights, is
kept up until 12 or 1 o'clock.
To the jaded resident of Pacific
Heights, who longs for something new
in the way of amusement, a visit to one
of the "800 Gang's" meetings would
be well worth while, and would possibly
enable him to understand the difference
between toughness and criminal vic
iousness.
The "800 Gang" Is composed, to use
the words of one of Its members, of
"de hardes' cobbles on de street"; yet
the fun it has is good, clean, honest
fun, and the boys who make It are
steady, hardworking lads, who take
this method of infusing a little pleas
ure into the dreary sameness of their
lives.
auspices of a certain peculiar and disrep
utable character— the side partner of a
celebrated ex-pnlltical boss (whose follow
ers are at present the enthusiasts of his
Honor), and who is at present the edi
torial manager of that widely circu
lated paper— and the pains taken that no
evidence of the fallacy of his Honor's po
sitions shall meet the eye of its readers,
is perhaps the best proof possible of the
author's own knowledge of their unrelia
bility, and therefore they do not affect
the well informed nor the bondsmen of
either the Auditor or Treasurer (the
bonds are, respectively. $50,000 and $200.
000). It is strange that serious matters of
this kind should seem to be such playful
subjects to those possessed of no respect
for public virtue or official reputations.
Herewith I send copy of my communi
cation to Mayor Phelan. under date of
November 2. 1897, wherein will be found
a complete answer to the balance of his
communication to you, and which has
called out this defense from yours very
respectfully,
.  ' WILLIAM BRODERICK,
Auditor City and County of San Francisco.
SCHEEL'S MONEY TROUBLES.
They Will Not Interfere With the
Symphony Society.
The financial troubles of Fritz Scheel
who Is being sued by Albert Marks for
money advanced In various ways, have
caused a feeling In the San Francisco
Symphony Society, of the concerts of
which Marks is manager, and Scheel di
rector, that the musician's troubles may
affect the society and it was reported that
the coming concert would be postponed
lnere has been no change, however, and
things will go on just as if Mr. Scheel
••wl cV h er 6uch a thin as a lawsuit,
to Sw n a ,y. 8 money enough on hand now
to gi\e our concerts even if we failed to
sir orel?dff f a '<? Professor Louis Lis
and |r qS' °,1, 1 the society. . "Mr. Marks
socleu- and th 01 , are _ only employes of the
no effecf nn^ % prlvate affairs will have
no enect upon the society's business The
the dS'nr 0 ' the s erles will be give o5
conduct at proposed and Mr Schee l will
fX^haveTVi,. Hls Prlva * financial af
cfety." nothing to do with the so
ciety.
Federal Grand Jury.
united States District Judge de Haven
yesterday impaneled a United States
Grand Jury for the March term:
«^ arl6^KM-o Field . i foreman; William E.
Bridge, Phil S. Beel. L. C. Coleman. E. A
h.?™ er F £ rank B " Houghton, G. Ham
rwSSL'-iur ¥i Johnson. Jacob German,
iio™ g £ \ Murphy, V Philson Mills. Wil
fi?is.£' M Cor mack. Allen Macdonald;
Sylvester Merrill, Matthew Nunan, Henry
£? mer^u. Ransome ' G - p R'xford, A. L.
Scott. William A. Searles, Samuel Suss
man, W. P. Thompson and A. H. Wells.
Luncheon for the Children.
Miss E. M. Stevens will give a luncheon
to the children of the Silver Star Kinder
garten at 806 Sansome street to-day from
10:30 to 12. The kindergarten is supported
by the Pioneer Kindergarten Association,
and every one Interested In the move
ment Is invited to attend. Miss Wain
wright 1b the principal.
the fac-simil© sif //f> > z .'* *■ on every wrapper
signature of (ju^zf&SS^ of CASTO&IA.
STOLE MONEY
AND JEWELRY
Burglars Enter the Resi
dence of Benjamin
Joseph.
One of Them Wore a False
Beard and Carried a Dark
Lantern.
Bureau Drawers Broken Open and
the House Thoroughly
Ransacked.
The detectives are searching for a
brace of burglars who entered the res- i
idence of Benjamin Joseph at 8258 j
Hayes street last Sunday night and ■
got away with $90 in gold and several j
pieces of jewelry. The family was at
the theater.
On their return they were surprised
to find the front door open. Suspecting
something wrong, Mr. Joseph quietly
entered the house, expecting to dis
cover the burglars at work. They had,
however, left the premises, presumably
having been frightened off by the re
turn of the family.
An examination disclosed that the
housebreakers had forced an entrance
by prying open the rear window. Iv
their search for plunder they forced
open bureau drawers, upset the bed
ding, and even ripped up a portion of
the bedroom carpet, so determined
were they not to overlook anything of
value.
Mrs. Joseph recollected that she had
seen a young man, who she says wore
a false beard, hanging around the
house during the evening. Thinking
he was waiting for somebody she paid
no attention to him. She is now con
vinced that he is one of the men who
entered her house and stole her valu
ables.
Last night Mrs. Joseph visited po
lice headquarters and reported the
burglary to Chief Lees. Detectives
Bee and Harper were detailed on the
case and they at once set out to make
an investigation. By dint of inquiry
they learned that there were two men
in the job, as they were seen leaving
the premises by a man who lives on
the opposite side of the street. One of
them, he says, wore a false beard,
which he discarded immediately after
leaving the house.
From the fact that one of the men
wore a false beard the police are In
clined to believe that he is known to
one of the family, and evidently fear
ing that he would be recognized he
conceived the plan of disguising his
fuce by store-made whiskers.
LEAGUE RALLY.
Spirited Contest Between Young
Essayists — Competitive Drill.
Saratoga Hall last night was the scene
of a spirited contest between James
O'Brien, Daniel Deasy and Edward Ho
gan, three talented young essayists and
members of the League of the Cross Ca
dets of St. Mary's Cathedral parish.
The competition was for the purpose of
deciding who should have the honor of
representing the parish at the next dis
trict contest, which will occur In about
two months.
James O'Brien, the first speaker and
winner of the contest, is a young man
possessed of more than ordinary ability
as an orator. He has a clear, resonant
voice and an easy manner of delivery. He
also showed by his treatment of the sub
ject that he had been careful in preparing
his essay.
Daniel Deasy, the second speaker, is an
earnest and painstaking young fellow
who handled his subject in a milder,
though no less intelligent, manner.
Edward Hogan, the last contestant,
read his essay from manuscript. His ap
pearance upon the stage was the signal
for an enthusiastic reception.
W. C. Hopper, the chairman of the
rally, in a short address stated the object
of the contest. The evening's entertain
ment was opened by singing "The Veni
Creator." The programme was as fol
lows:
Piano due*, J. M. Miller and Will Pabst;
vocal solo, "Sleeping on the Klondike."
Harry Coletnan; character sketches, Mas
ter Fay Dougherty; remarks by Father
O'Ryan of St. Mary's Cathedral parish;
singing by the.Cadet Glee Club.
The evening^ entertainment was con
cluded with a competitive drill, which
was won by Private James McSorley.
JACKSON IS IN FINE FORM.
The Colored Pugilist Was Examined
by an Olympic Club Physician.
According to Dr. C. E. Parent, a phy
sician selected by the Olympic Club to ex
amine into the physical condition of the
colored pugilist, Peter Jackson, the great
heavy-weight champion of England and
the Australias, will give a first-rate ac
count of himself when he meets Jeffries.
This Is what Dr. Parent says:
SAN FRANCISCO. March 7, IR9B.
Kditor of The Call— D»ar Sir: tty request of
the Olympic Club I called on Peter Jackson at
his training quarters In Alameda to make a
physical examination in order to ascertain If
the reports of his being a physical wreck and
a mere 'shell' of his former self were true,
and 1 mußt say I was surprised to find him in
such fine shape.
On a careful examination I found him to be
In perfect condition; his heart, lungs and liver
in perfect order.
After the examination I watched him spar
three rounds and punch the bag, and he did It
with his old-time vim.
DR. CHARLES E. PARENT.
926 Sutter street, city.
WANTED IN *SACRAMEN1 0.
George A. Luxom Arrested on a
Charge of Grand Larceny.
By means of a decoy letter sent to the
general Postofßce George A. Luxom was
arrested yesterday afternoon by De
tectives Egan and T. B. Gibson and was
taken to the City Prison, where he was
booked en route to Sacramento to answer
a charge of grand larceny.
Luxom states that he supposes he is
wanted for taking some articles of
jewelry from his sister, Mrs. C. H. Davis.
He lived with her for about two years In
Sacramento and as he wanted to come to
this city and his friends would not klvi*
him money to buy a ticket he took fix-
Jewelry and pawned it for $20. Ho WM
put up to the job by a friend, whose name
he declined to divulge.
Luxom says his father is one of tho
oldest conductors on the Bout horn Puclllc
and until two years ago he used to work
as a fireman. Then he got into bad com
pany and was looked upon as the black
sheep of the farryly. He desired to g«t
here so as to bo away from his bad com
panions and make a fresh start in life.
He will be taken to Sacramento to-day.
The Farmers' Club.
The San Francisco Farmers' Club will
hold a meeting this evening at th« Me
chanics' Institute, 31 Post street, at which
a large attendance is expected. The prin
cipal feature will be an address by W. H.
Hammon of weather forecast fame, who
will tell the audience "What the Weather
Bureau Is Doing for the Farmers." After
the address the matter of the proposed
free public market will come up for con
sideration by the club. It Is this body
which has in hand the work of putting
the State's free market proposition on a
business-like basis. Its sub-committees
are now laboring to devise a plan that
will be acceptable to nearly all and not
work a hardship to any.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
4^,t t/ 2^* V" /
.^^B b^bCj i\~T~ \r^ jEijyr i »
Ml I U V J/<^uß>>a.4 18 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
El_atL*»™-»i"~>.tt jlaaaWMa^ssa I^^ "*i
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Philadelphia
I Shoe Co. No. 10 Third St.
■ STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF M£»T
1 Why We Are Busy. §
# BECAUSE WE SELL STTLISH, «
[Z 13 well-made shoes cheaper than our >«*
Q competitors. There is no sentiment in **{
j^. business— — and we are doing **
O the business because we give the best ££
w values and have the largest assortment. _
*•* This week a special leader, Ladies' Ex- W
« tra Quality Vlcl Kid Oxford Ties, dot- y<
ted vesting tops, new coin toes and kid **
$3 tips, turned soles; reduced to $1 50. They ££
w sell regularly elsewhere for J2 60.
« Child's Dongoln. Kid Button Shoes, w
patent-leather tft>s, spring heels, sizes *•*
$ 6 to 9; reduced to 50c. Q
& Call and get estimates on Klondike 8
15 Footwear before purchasing elsewhere, w
w I AYe have the largest and best selected '"*
£$ stock in this city. ££
8 Country orders solicited. -•- .- CS
; ft Send for New Illustrated Catalogue. >-£
I w Address 1 w
«' B. KATCHINSKI, %
hjjj PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
i-t 10 Third St., San Francisco. vv
1 REMEMBER i
% That the 20 Per Cent Discount g
| Clearance g
I sale i
l ART GOODS!
I >■■*'■]
I S. &G. GUMP'S, i
a 7 g
| 113 GEARY STREET, |
% Closes Positively on February %
% 28, 1898. §
UNITED STATES
LAUNDRY,
/ OFFICE,
_^^r 1 1004 Market St.,
""i Sear Powell.
T»lopHone, Soiztla. 4SO.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
£>QQ MARKET ST.. OPP. FALACB
DOO Hotel. Telephone 6 JO. Reside do* Ml
Valencia street. T«l«phon». "Church" li.
BATLBOAB TRAVEL.
11l i in— „■ m f CALIFORNIA
iS^^M^i LIMITED.
Hli^^Ei SAN FRANCISCO
HaMßligf MB TO
'"i-"™^™"!. 1 CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.
Carries flr»it-<-la«« paasengera only, but with-
out extra charge. ' ■'•: .'T-"'>-*'>
DINING CAR.
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace nrawlnitnoom . Sleepar*. .
SH days to Chlcnk-o, 4H days to New Tort
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
L^avea daily at 4:30 p. m.. carrying Fullmaa
Palac* and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on '
fast tin*. Direct connection In Chicago and
Kansas City for all Baatern points.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. Ban Francisco ticket office. 644 Markat
Street. Chronicle building. Telephone Mala
ISSO. Oakland office, ml Broadway. Sacra-
mento ' office, 201 J street. San Jose, t West ■ '
Bant* Clara street. . . '
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via 6«uMllt» Ferry. .
From San Vranclsco, Commencing September i
1». 1897.
WEEK DATS. ' !
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »7:2s. •9:». i
11:30 a. m. . *1:45, 8:46, •5:16.£:00. «:30 p. m.
Extra trips lor San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:80 p. m.
•. SUNDAYS. '
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:Co. •10.09.
•11:30 a. m. '1:15, 3:00. *4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked ■• run to San Quentin.
. THROUGH TRAINS.
7:25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta- !
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for I
Duncan Mills . and way .. stations; 8:00 a. m. j
' fbixulßjva f nri JpolflUt Tt^'gaa »"*^ wjbjt st fltlfifi^i '
BA2X&0AI) TRAVEL.
"•©CTMKRW PACIFIC COMrijfm\
(PACiriO BVSTICM.)
Train* Irxir Hail are <lue> to mriiT* ■•
SAN FIUNCMt'W. .
•- (Main Line, Foot of Market Street) X •
utATJC — Fbom JAXPARY 1. 1898. — A»BIT»
~*6:OOA~Niles7San Jose and Way Stations... *8«4»a
7:OOa Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . 10:43 a -
7:OOa MarjsTille, OroTilleand Redding tU
Woodland 5:4.1p
7:00 a Vacaville and Rumsey Bj4of
7:3Ua Martinez. Sou Ramon, Vallejo, Nap*,
Caliatoga and Santa Rosa 6»1 .
8:OOa Atlantic Kxprees, Ogileu and Kast.. 8:43?
»»:tOA Kilt's, Man Jose. .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marystille, Chico,
Tehama and Red UlulT 4il3*
• •»:3Oa Peterg, Milton and Oakdale "7»13*
! 9:OOa New (irl *ua Kxt>reK*, Merced, Ray-
mond, Fresno, Bakexsfl«l<l. Santa
Ji*rbai». I.oa Angeles, Dealing,
El Paso, Mew Orleans and East. •t43f
»:•• a. Vallejo, Martinez, Merced and
Fresno 1«i18f ,
■1<«Op Sacramento RiTer Steamers »l»tOO*
liOOr Niles, San Jose and Way SUtions. . JO: 1 5
l:3Op Martinez and Way SUtions ......... ?i4Bf
8:00p Llvermora, Mendota, Hanford and
Viaalia 4j15»
....... I.irenuorr, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations tlOtlfc* •
4t»op Martiues, San Uainoiv, Vallejo.
Napa, Caliotoga, Xl Verono and
Saiitaltosa '••t*«
«i«4>r ßenida, VaoaTille, Woodland.
t> Knights Landing, MarjaTUle. Oro- . • 1
** Title auil Sacramento I«i€S*
4i*9r Nlles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7ilsp
4>BOr Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
Fresno, Mojave (for Randsborg),
Santa Barbara and lioa Angeles.. 7i4<la
4>3Op SauU. Fo Route. Atlautlc KiprsM
for Mojave ami East ««43»
"g3i3©r " Sunset Limited." Los Angeles, SI
Paso. Fort Worth, Little Rock, St
Louis. Chicago and East fl* :1 '"* A
4T3i3«r " Buxiset Limited Annex," £1 Paso.
New Orleans and East |Ioilsa
•:««p Kturopean Mail, Oe<len and Kast.... 9:49 a
OiMOf ward» ; Niies Sau Jose « 7:43 a
J»:OOr Valiejo t7:45*
8:OOr Oregon Ftacrauiento. Marys-
ville. Reddint;, Portland, Pugel
.Sound ami Kant Sil»A
SAN LEAMMtO AM) IIAVWAUDB LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
«"6xOOa~l : ~ 7:13 a
B>OOa Jlelroso. Seminary Park, i»»«43a
iS.'SSa Fltehb.ru, Elml.um, , l^lt
tll:OO\ Ssn Leandro. South San 12i4»r
I2 OM Lcandro.Eat.dillo, |SltsF
<S:6«r Lorenro, Cherrj, >| '* 55 p
4:OOP , J5:43p
5:00f ■■** O:13f
O:3Of Hajnarili. j ' s i^ p
SsOOp I through to Nlles. • _ • :4 p/
ttn«»r^ Fwlltl>UM - wSSB>
t'OAMT IMVIsION (Narrow baujte).
(Foot of Market Street.) '
■uiOA Nt)wai-!i,UeiitenMlU\M;ii>.P.>3e,Feltoii,
Creek, Santa Crux and Way
SUtions... *••»
•liltr Newark, CeutcrTille, San .lose. New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations....... «I»lB#)A
«tl!lr Newark, Sau Jose and Los Gates ... U:SOa
tll>4sp Hunters' Excursion, Sao Jose and
Way Stations {7i2Op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
•nmSAN mNCISCO-Foot of Market Strest (Slip S) —
•7:15 8:00 11:00 a.m. JI;S3 *2:00 t3:OQ
•4:00 t6:00 »6.-COr.M.
Pr«« OAKLAND— of Braaiwar.— *G:oo ■ 8:00 10.004.M.
tlS^a . *i:oo : ta : oo .. . . r3H)p.,.t*<o.. •'*B:Qof.u«
COAST DIVISION i ßroad Uange).
(Third and Townscnd Sts.)
•t33A.San .lose ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....... •:35a,
fIiMA Bail : ]ciee, Tree Pinos, .Santa Cruz,
Pacilie Grove, Paso Robles, Sau
Luis Oliispo, Guadalupe, Surf ami
Principal Way Stations 4il9p
IO:4Oa Sau .lose and Way Stations »R:«Oa . Jk
11:SOa San Jose aud Way .Stations 8:33 a) W
•8:»Or San .Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Santa Clara, Hau Jose. Gilroy.
Hollister, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey and Facilic (Jrore MOi4Oa
■8:1 Sr San Jose aud Principal Way Stations *9:OOa
•4jlsi- San Joseand Principal Way Stations »:43a
*3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations l:30p
S:3op San Jose and Principal Way Stations 5:30*
6::toi- Sau Jose and Way Stations..... 7:SOp
1ll:45p San Jose and Way Stations..!...... 7iaOF
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Hundnvß ezcepted. J Snndays only, t Saturdays only.
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights oulj.
*! Mondays and Thursdays.
_ I Wednesdays and Saturdays. _
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburoa Ferry. Foot of Market St.
• SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. -
WEEK DATS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 11:«5,
8:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m. - .
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. I.M. 3:«.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:IO. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a, m.j
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trip*
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
BUNDATS— «:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 1:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and . Schuetzen Park '
same schedule as above.
Leave T _ ~fr~, t Arrive
San Fraucisco. Ort 21. San Pran l
— '■■ ■■ ' 1597 '"
Week i Sun- noßtirTatirm Sun-: 1 Wee*
Days. I days. Pestinatloa days. I daya.
7:30 a.m. B:ooa.m.] 'Novato, 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
8:30 p.m. 9:80 a.m. Petaluma, j 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
6:10 p.m. !6:Uop.m. Santa Rosa. ! 7:»5p.m. ! 6:22 p.m.
3:SUp.m Fill ton,
Windsor. 10:25 a.m.
7 50a.m. ' Healdsburtr,
Lytton,
Geyservllle, I "■■-•■::■:■
3:00 a.m. Cloverdala ; 7:35 p.m. 8:22 p.m.
j IHopland and I ~*
7 :80 a.m. 1 8 ■00a.m. I UHlah. ! 7:85 p.m. 6:22 p.m.:
7:80 a.m. 1 1 10:25 a.m. \
8:00 a.m. Guernevtlla 7:35 p.m. , . 1
3:Sop.m. I 1 6:22 p.m. . >Vi.\
7:3oa.m.!6KWa.m. Sonoma . 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
ana
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen EUen. 6:10 p.m. 6:2*p.rq.
7:30 a.m. B:Uoa.m.~ Sebaatc . DoL |10:40a.m.]10:25a.m.
3:30 p.m. 5:00p.m.| Set>aatOpoL . | 7:iiop.m. 7:22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa tor Mark West
Fprings; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hcpland for •
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for .
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lterley's. Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights. HullvlUe, Boonvilie. .
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort
Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rs- ;
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Of flees— 6so Market street. . Chronic]*
*"A! "FOSTER. ; S. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Art. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 19. 1821. trains win ma a*
follows: • ■- ; ■
Southbound. I | Northbound.
Paasen- . Mixed statlon3 ; 1 Mixed 1 Passen-
ger Sunday a"* 1 "" 13 -! Sunday I grer
Dally. ' Exc'p"td; — — Exc'p'td Daily.
7:2oa.rn. 9:00 a.m. Stockton "3:45 p.m. 5:40 p.m. : '
8:10 a.m. 12:50 p.m., Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:53 p.m.
10:40 a.m. 8:50 p.m. Fresno • 4:30 a.m. 2:20 p. m,
11:40 a.m. 6:20 p.m. Hanford .:45 a.m. 1:15 p.m
13:15 p.m. 6:45 p.m. Visalia - 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p.m
Stopping at Intermediate po lnts when require!
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of,
C. N. A I. Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. daily; at Merced with '
stages to and from Snellings, Coulterviile. etc.;
also . with stage for Hornitos, ■ Marlposa. etc; .
at Lankershlm with stage to and from Mader v '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
(Via. Sausalito Ferry). ; .
Leave San Francisco.' commencing 'Novem- '
ber 13. 1597: -'. .
Week Days— 9:3o a.' m., 1:43 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, . $1. .
THOit. COOK & SON. Agents, 821 Marks*
rtw<t. Baa Fnuuiua. -'■THERE WAS JOY
AT PRESIDIO
Eagles for E. B. Williston,
Lieutenant-Colonel of
the Third Artillery.
The Veteran Officer Congratu
lated by His Companions at
the Garrison.
Four of the Twenty-Four New Bat
teries May Take Station on
This Harbor.
Officers and enlisted men of the
United States army serving In the De
partment of California were gratified
yesterday, when the news came from
Washington that the bill creating two
additional regiments of artillery had
1 assed the House of Representatives. It
is regarded a* settled beyond all doubt
that the President will approve the
measure. It speaks well for the army
that cavalrymt-n and infantrymen re
joice with the artillery in the success
of the measure.
Increase of the artillery force pro
motes E. B. Wllliston, lieutenant-col
onel of the Third, to the rank of colonel.
He was at the Presidio when the wires
Hashed the news that the bill had fin
ally passed. The announcement was
the signal for tendering congratulations
to the distinguished officer and the
colonel and his family were soon en
gaged in the pleasant duty of receiv
ing from the officers and ladies at the
garrison expressions of good will. Later
on word was passed along the line
that Colonel Williston would like to
ace the officers at the Presidio Club.
The Invitation was readily accepted
and the meeting last night was happy
indeed. A cup of champagne added
zest to the greeting.
The congratulatory group consisted
of Colonel Evan Miles, commanding the
post, and many officers of the Third
Artillery, First Infantry and Fourth
Cavalry.
The increase of the army will ad
vance in rank several other officers of
the Third Artillery. The Call of last
Sunday published the names of all the
officers of the regiment to whom pro
motion will come by reason of the in
crease of the artillery force.
It is believed that at least four of
the twenty-four new batteries author
ized will bo stationed in this depart
ment in order that an adequate force
shall be provided for handling the high
power puns defending this harbor. Col
onel Williston hopes to be stationed
on this coast. He is a popular officer
whose soldierly qualities are highly es
teemed in the regiment.
Colonel Edward B. Williston has a
record of gallant service on the battle
field. He was appointed to the United
States army from California in August,
ISSI, and immediately went to the front,
where he gained distinction. He en
tered the service as second lieutenant,
Second Artillery. For gallant and mer
itorious services at Salem Heights, Va.,
he was brevetted captain; for gallantry
in the battle of Gettysburg *he was bre
vetted major: fur gallant and meritor
ious conduct at Winchester he gained
th^ brevet rank of lieutenant-colonel.
For distinguished service throughout
the war he was brevetted colonel March
13, 1865 He participated in the bat
tles of Second Bull Run, South Moun
tain, Antietam, Fredericksburg. Frank
lin's crossing, Gettysburg, Culpepper,
Raccoon Ford, second Rapidan. White
Sulphur, Mine Run, Tod's Tavern,
Spottsylvania Court House, Beaver
I 'am Station, Cold Harbor, Winchester,
A pequan and many other engagements.
™Ie commanded Horse Battery D, Sec
ond Artillery, First Brigade Horse Ar
tillery, Army of the Potomac, from July
15, 1863. until August S, 1865.
Since the war Colonel Williston has
served on the frontier, in Alaska, at
various stations in the South and West
and on the Pacific Coast. He was born
in Vermont in 1836, and will retire from
the army in 1900. He came to Califor
nia on his present tour of duty from
Florida with the Third Artillery, of
which regiment he is lieutenant-colonel.
Since his arrival here he has been at
the Presidio.
M LEAGUE TO
HAVE SIX CLUBS
Pacific States League Man
agers Abandon the Eight-
Club System.
The Season Will Open This
Month at Central
Park.
The Pacific States Baseball League
will consist of six clubs. This fact was
definitely settled last night at the meet
ing of the managers of the league,
which was held in the office of Presi
dent E. F. Bert In the Parrott building.
The following clubs will compose the
league: Santa Cruz, San Jose, Sacra
mento, Oakland and the San Francisco
and Olympic clubs of this city. The sea
son will open March 27 and close No
vember 25. The games in this city will
:yed at Central Park and a live
bull will be used.
The schedule committee submitted their
report, but it was referred back to the
committee for a better arrangement, and
they were instructed to act in the matter
in conjunction with Joseph Stapleton, the
official scorer of the league. All of the
managers posted with the treasurer of
the league, T. F. Bonnet, their bonds for
$.>>, which are put up as surety for the
faithful carrying out of the schedule on
the part of every manager.
An important resolution was passed
Which excludes the possibility of any man
ager securing players from the East for
the final games, as no player can partici
pate in them who has not been a resident
of the State from the Ist of next Sep
tember.
The players of the Reliance, Fresno and
Stockton clubs will be divided among the
different clubs of the league. The follow
ing managers were present at the meet
ing last night: Fred W. Swanton and Os
car Tuttle of Santa Cruz, William Westori
and Joseph McGuckin of San Jose, Wal
ter J. Henesey and E. J. Kripp of Sacra
mento, Fred Bushnell and J. W. Coff
roth of Oakland, D. J. Crowley of San
Francisco and E. J. Kaplan of the Olym
pics. There wlil be another meeting of
the league at 2:30 o'clock on Friday after
noon. , .".„; "_ .;
New Theatrical Company.
The Alhambra Theater Company was
mcorponted yesterday, and Sol J. Levy,
ThonMUi P- Woodward, Gregory de Kan-
M. J. Waldheimer. A. liuef, H. P.
Taylor Jr. and L,. A. Rea were signed on
the articles as directors.* The capital
stock of the company is $300,000, of which
t:-i has been subscribed.
I'r.nch oval frames, all sizes. New and
stylish moldings, Torchon mat boards in
gold and colors and hundreds of new
things in cabinet and Paris panel frames.
Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
E. B. WILLISTON, formerly lieutenant- colonel of the Third Artillery but now by the
army increase promoted to colonel.
HIGHWAYS TO
BE IMPROVED
A Long List Passed On
by the Board of
Supervisors.
Recommendations From the
Superintendent of
Streets.
Applications for Extension of Time
Granted, to Several Con
tractors.
At the meeting of the Board of Su
pervisors yesterday afternoon the usual
list of reports, orders, recommenda
tions, etc., was disposed of. Many of
the requests of property-owners for
better sidewalks were accepted, and a
list of recommendations came in from
the Superintendent of Streets. The fol
lowing is a complete record of the im
provements ordered:
AWARDS OF CONTRACTS.
Third Mission to Howard— Concrete founda
tion, repairs, to Filnn & Treacy.
Linden avenue. Franklin to Gough— Pipe
sewers, etc., to Williams, Belser & Co.
RECOMMENDED PASSED TO RESOLUTION
ORDERING.
Lombard, from point 137:6 feet east of
Baker to point 137:6 feet easterly— Paving with
curbs and artificial stone sidewalks on north-
Fourteenth. Guerrero to Dolores— Regrading,
paving, curbs, etc.
RESOLUTIONS OF INTENTION.
Pennsylvania avenue. Eighteenth to Nine
teenth street— Curbs, erutterways, etc.
Seventh. Hubbell to Irwin— Pipe sewers, etc.
Sh- nnth and Irwin— Pipe sewers, culverts,
stormwater Inlets etc.
Fulton and Willard streets north— Culvert,
curbs, artificial stone sidewalk, etc.
RECOMMENDED BY SUPERINTENDENT
OF STREETS.
Lombard, Pierce to Scott— Curbs and paving.
Lombard and Plerce-Paving-
Lombard and Scott— Same.
Third avenue, Clement to California street —
Regradlng and remacadamlzlng.
Chunh. Thirteenth to Fourteenth — Curbs,
paving, culvert, etc.
church and Thirteenth— Paving, artlflciu.l
stone sidewalk, curbs, etc.
Church, Thirteenth to Hermann — Curbs and
paving.
St. Marys avenue, Mission street to right of
way ot Southern Pacific Railroad— Curbs, gut
terways and sidewalks.
Central avenue and Haight— Artificial stone
sidewalks.
Fourteenth, Dolores to Market — Curbs and
paving.
Ninth avenue, X street to point 12."< foot
south of P street — Grading, curbs, maoadarnlz
ing, etc.
Jessie, Thirteenth to Fourteenth— Curbs and
paving.
Reservoir, Market to Church — Pipe sewer,
curbs, paving, etc.
Twenty-fifth avenue, Clement street to Point
I,ubos avenue— Pipe sewers, etc.
Allen. Hyde to Union — Curbs, paving and
sidewalks.
Delgado place, Hyde street to easterly ter
mination—Pipe sewer, etc.
Eighth, Howard to Folsom— Artificial stone
sidewalk.
San Jose avenue, Twenty-sreond to Twenty
third—Curbs, paving and grading, etc., on cor
ner of Alvarado str.it and Ban Jose avenue.
Central place, Pine to southerly termina
tion—Paving and reconstruction of curbs.
Wildt-y avenue, Flllmore street to Steiner—
Pipe sewer, etc.
Waller, Central avenue to Masonic— Curbs
and paving.
Twenty-sixth, Valencia to Mission— Same
Seventh, Hubbell to Irwin— Grading, curbs
and paving.
San Jose avenue, Alvarado to Twenty-third
street— Pipe s>ewf-r, etc.
San Jose avenue and Alvarado street— Same
San Jose avenue, Alvarado to Twenty-second
street— Same.
BIDS ORDERED REJECTED.
Central avenue and Grove street— Paving.
Clement street. Sixteenth to Seventeenth ave
nue— Macadamizing.
Clement street, Seventeenth to Eighteenth
avenue — Same.
Seventeenth avenue, Clement street to Point
Loboa avenue— Same.
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION TO CHANGE
AND ESTABLISH GRADES.
Rhode Island, De Haro and Twenty-third
FtreetF— Grades to be lowered and established
and changed and established at various points
to conform to official grades and on true grad-
FURTHER PROCEEDINGS RECOMMENDED
Octavia, Fulton to Grove street— Artificial
stone sidewalks.
Eighth, Brann&n to Townsend— Paving.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 8, 1898.
PROPOSALS RECOMMENDED READVER
TISED.
Clement street. Twenty-fourth to Twenty
fifth avenue— Sewering, etc.
Clement street. Twenty-fifth to Twenty
sixth avenue— Same.
RESOLUTION OF FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Ford. Noe to Sanchez— Bitumen.
Guerrero, Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
Same.
Lyon, Hayes to Grove —
• Twenty-third, Guerrero to Dolores— Same.
California, Walnut to Laurel— Basalt.
California. Laurel to Locust— Same.
California, Locust to Spruce—
. California, Spruce to Maple — Same.
Clayton and Waller— Bitumen.
Stevenson, Brady to Crocker — Same.
<■i t.m . Brady to Crocker — Same.
RECOMMENDED FOR FULL ACCEPTANCE.
■ Lombard, Baker to Lyon— Bitumen.
i Lombard, Fillmore to jtelner— Same. ■' >1 ■ -
; ' Lombard,- BtelQtr to Pierce — Same. ':. $f<.
i Lombard and Pierce — Same.
'-■ Alabama. Twentieth to Twenty-first —
First avenue, Point Loboa avenue to Clem
! ent street— Same. ■
First avenue, Clement to Callforina street-
Same.
Sutter, Devlsadero to Broderlck—
RESOLUTION OF CONDITIONAL ACCEPT
a.vi:.
Stanley place, Harrison to Bryant street—Bi
tumen.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME GRANTED.
Linden avenue. Franklin to Gough street—
To J. J. Dowllng, sixty days on paving, etc.
Masonic avenue, Hayes to Fell street— Same.
California, east line of Cherry to east line of
First avenue — Paving, etc., to Union Paving
'Company*
Sixth. Channel to Hooper — Same.
Sixth, Hooper to Irwin — Same.
■ Sixth and Hooper— Same.
. Sixth and Irwin— Same.
: EXTENSION OF TIME RECOMMENDED.
Fifteenth avenue. South and Q street south-
To John Burns, thirty days on grading, mac
adamizing, etc.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Howard and Fremont— Doble Co., to
lay sidewalk.
Commercial, Demmln to Davis — J. De La
Montanya, to lay same. .
Ninth avenue, C street to point CO feet south
—Charles Barton, to grade. ■
; Eighth, Folsom to Uranium — owners,
for pavlns and reduction of width of side
walks.
Montgomery court — Same for specified grad
ing. - -";•. ;■ : ■
Noe, Fourteenth to Sixteenth— D. Saunder
son. for exemption from paving lot Noe and
Beaver.
Capitol • street, Lobos street to Intersection,
etc.— Property owners, for grading and macad
amizing.
Noe, Fourteenth to Henry— B. Carroll, for
extension of time in laying sidewalk.
Pierce, Waller to Haight — Property owners,
for paving.
Twentieth, York to Hampshire —
owners, to retain curbs on south side.
Ivy avenue, Laguna to Webster street Same,
for sewering.
Serpentine place. Temple street to Lower Ter
race—F. Lefiler. for extension of time on
sewering. «
Army Bryant to county road— Precfta Val- i
ley Improvement Club, for removal of unused
rails of Market Street Railway Company.
Q street south. Fifteenth to Eighteenth ave
nue south— Property owners, for revocation of
permit to Krade. etc.
Fourth, Howard to Railroad, etc.— Draymen
and Teamsters' Union, to have street repaired.
West llistslon street Thomas Burns, for pav
ing, etc.
In addition, a number of petitions to do
street work by private contract.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Green and Property owners, against
paving.
, Pierce, Vallejo to Green— Same.
'.- Steiner. Broadway to Vallejo, ■ etc.— Same,
against laying sidewalks.
Bush, Market to Central avenue—
against boulevard proposition. *
. Noe. Fifteenth to point MB feet southerly-
Same, against laying sidewalks. . .
Filbert, Hyde to Larkin— Same, against pav
ing.
Pierce and Green— Same.
Pierce, Green to Union—
REPORT OF STREET COMMITTEE . ON
MATTERS SUBMITTED AT PRE- .
Vl' its BKSSIDK. ■ ; -■
Twenty-third and Rhode Island— Grading fav
ored.
Harrison, Fifth to Sixth— Communication
from San Francisco and San Mateo Railway
Company referred to City and County Attorney.
Stark street, off Stockton— Grading referred
to City Engineer/
De Haro, at Twenty-second and Twenty
third— City Engineer's report on grading, fav
ored .
Oak and Stanyan streets— Poles and buildings
of railway company must be removed.
- Sutter street — Railway company must repair
and pave between tracks.
Bonita street — Viavi Company's petition re
ferred to Superintendent of Streets.
( California, Central avenue to Walnut— Sutro
.Railway Company may use bitumen In pav
ing.' " ' ■
■ Eighteenth, Ashbury to Uranus — Grading,
eta., favored. . ; • :,
New Anthony— Fargo & Co., to reduce
width of sidewalks. ■ • • "■■.<•
Sallna place— Sewering, etc., • postponed six
months.. "• ♦ • • •_ • ■ -■'■•" - -.-.
Clayton,' Oak- to Page— F. White may retain
curbs.- ■ • : • • : r■ • • . -- •■ •■ ■.
Other petitions^ and protests, excepting cer
tain. permits to do street work by private con
tract, reported on -adversely or filed. <;.; ;
Will of Mrs. Mary Hunt.
The last will of Mrs. Mary Hunt,
mother of Superior Judge Hunt, who died
February 26, was filed for probate yes
terday. The estate of the testatrix,
which Is valued at $1500, Is bequeathed to
Judge Hunt and Mrs. Mary Francis Klop
enstein, a daughter of the deceased.
NOT GIILTY
OF MURDER
Theodore A. Figel Ac
quitted in Judge Cook's
Court.
After a Deliberation of Five ;
Hours the Jury Rendered
the Verdict.
The Defendant in the Case Passed
From the Courtroom Sur
rounded by Friends.
Yesterday afternoon at 4 o'clock the
jury in the Figel case rendered a ver- '
diet of not guilty after having deliber- j
ated five hours. Theodore A. Flgel, who !
had been charged with the crime of 1
killing his employer on the evening of
June 1 for the purpose of covering up
alleged embezzlements and forgeries. I
turned pale with expectancy as the !
jury filed into the room for the purpose
of .notifying the court of the decision i
they had arrived at. As Foreman i
Hinckel read the last words of the ver
dict declaring the defendant innocent of
the crime charged, Figel grasped the
hand of General Barnes in an excited
manner.
After the jury had been instructed by '
the court as to matters of law, includ
ing motives, circumstances, suspicions
and an alibi, they were locked in the
juryroom. It was agreed by both coun
sel for the prosecution and defense that
the charge given by Judge Cook was a
just one and a good definition of the
law as related to the case befcrre th(!
court. As the time went slowly by
the general public was of the opinion
that no agreement could be reached by
the twelve men who held the fato of
the defendant in their hands.
Just prior to the reading of the ver
dict Judge Cook notified the large audi
ence that was in the court room that no
demonstration should be made at the
reading of the verdict and backed up
his warning by stating that the bailiff
would carefully note any disturbance
and the party found guilty would be
punished according to law and order, so
when the verdict was read no further
demonstration than a few friends con
gratulating the defendant was noticed.
The jury was then excused from fur
ther services, and the defendant, sur
rounded by friends and counsel, passed
from the courtroom, where he has spent
many unpleasant moments listening to
words which accused him of willful and
malicious murder.
The jury was not delayed by the fact
that It hud any doubt as to the inno
cence of Figel. but was of the opinion
that, although the defendant had been
proven guiltless of the crime charged,
Isaac Hoffman had met his death
through some unknown party and not
by his own hand. Jurors A. Paula, r"
Lie win and R. B. West held out forth'. 1
five hours for the reason that they
wished it to be expressly understood
that Figel was not acquitted on the de
fense of suicide of Isaac Hoffman, and
that they were of the opinion murder
had been committed. Ho-wever. when
the verdict was read no comments were
made by the Jury.
A Sailor Took Poison.
A sailor, who was known by the name of
Mason was found dead ; yesterday after
noon by Sam Anderson. 1 ' the bed maker, at
a lodging house at 869 Market street. On
a* stand near the; bed was an empty bot
tle which had contained carbolic acid.
Mason rented the room two days ago and
seemed -to: be fairly well to do.' being
dressed in a new* suit of ; good ; material.
He left no valuables nor anything by
which he might be Identified. ,: .
•» — « — •
The "Koh-I-Noor" lead. pencil will out
last three others.- Try it. ' v ... •
BOTH KEATINGS
WILL RECOVER
Jerry Sullivan's Bullets
Went Wide of Vital
Spots.
He Still Declines to Talk About
the Cause of the
Shooting.
How the Wounded Woman Came
to Be Styled the " Queen of
Pickpockets."
Mabel Keating, who Is commonly
known as the "queen of pickpockets,"
and her husband, James Keating, who
were shot on Sunday night in the lat
ter's saloon at the corner of Grant
avenue and Morton street by Jerry Sul
livan, a janitor employed at the City
Hall, are not yet destined to reach the
Morgue. They are both on the road to
recovery, and the prison sergeants ex
pect to be called upon within the next
six weeks to again record the name of
Mabel Keating on the City Prison
register.
Mrs. Keating is not particular as to
names. At times when she has had a
ride in the police van she has posed as
Mabel Tierney; on other occasions,
when charges were hanging over her
head in the criminal courts she was
Mabel Armstrong. Now that she has
come to the fore In a shooting affray as
Mrs. Mabel Keating it is not improba
ble that she may have another change
of name. Be that as it may, the Re
ceiving Hospital physicians discharged
her and her husband yesterday, not
deeming their wounds of sufficient se
riousness to prevent them going to
their home in a hack.
Sullivan was called for arraignment
before Judge Conlan yesterday morn
ing and at the request of his counsel,
Arthur Mack, the preliminary hearing
was postponed until next Tuesday.
Sullivan still refuses to talk about the
shooting, saying that he prefers to tell
his story in court rather than through
the medium of the newspapers.
Mabel Keating has frequently been
seen in the docks of the criminal courts
since 1892, on charges ranging from
drunkenness, battery and vagrancy to
that of grand larceny. She lays no
claim to the title of "queen of pick
pockets"; in fact, she disdains the
name. It was given to her by a writer
on a morning daily several months ago,
when she was arrested on a charge of
grand larceny. Being short of "lurid
stuff" to fill the Sunday supplement,
it was decided to write up Mabel Keat
ing as the "queen of pickpockets." The
only foundation for the story of her
being a clever pickpocket was that she
had frequently been arrested for rob
bing drunken ami bucolic strangers,
and invariably succeeded in escaping
conviction. A large-sized picture of
Mabel, labeled the "queen of pickpock
ets," was published at the same time,
and through that Sunday story the title
was affixed.
The fact is that the men who have
made complaint against Mabel Keating,
alias Tierney, alias Armstrong, and
caused her arrest for larceny could
never afford to prosecute her. In many
instances the complaint was made by
men who would never think of going
into the Police Court as prosecutors
unless they had been indulging too
freely in the liquor dealt out on the
Barbary Coast. When they became
BOber they dropped the cases by disap
pearing from the city. Others had
families at home and had gone out on
a lark. When they discovered that they
had lost their pocket-books while in the
company of the pleasant-speaking and
pleasant-looking Mabel they had her
arrested. In the morning they would
awaken to the fact that they had been
in places they would not like their
wives to know of, and so kept away
from court for fear of the publicity that
might follow, charging up their loss to
the account of experience on the
"coast."
It was learned yesterday that jeal
ousy prompted the double shooting.
A short time ago Sullivan fell in
love with Mabel Keating and she ap
peared to reciprocate his affection.
Frequently the woman and Sullivan
were seen together, their conduct be
ing so notorious that it was whispered
among the habitues of the coast that
she had given Keating the "shake."
On being appraised of his wife's devo
tion to the gay City Hall janitor Keat
ing became angry and threatened to
do up the despoiler of his happiness.
Meeting Sullivan several days before
the shooting he ordered him to cease
paying attention to his wife or suffer
the consequences. Fearing trouble
between the men Mabel sent a note to
Sullivan, in which she wrote that she
still loved "Jim" and intended to
"stick by him."
"We must not meet any more, she
wrote. "Jim is on to us. Keep away
from the saloon, as he is likely to kill
°After receiving the note Sullivan
went to a friend and borrowed a re
volver When asked what he intended
to do with it he remarked that if he
could not get Mabel to leave her hus
band he would shoot both of them.
This was lnst Saturday. After
brooding over the matter Sullivan, who
was under the Influence of liquor,
went to the saloon and meeting his
former sweetheart he shot her and
then her husband.
Coal Dealers Giving Bonds.
Only one hundred and fifty of the coal
deatera ln«oted by the United States
Grand Jury last week have thus far sur-
Mndered themselves to the Marshal and
riven bonda for their appearance In the
£ urn of $100 each. The remainder of the
five hundred defendants will be put
Shder arrest and placed in jail after to
,l-iv if Key fall to appear before the
United States District Court Clerk and
give bonds.
— * ADVERTISEMENTS. _„_ ■-.;;•
809 Market St., cor. Fourth, 2nd floor Flood B'ld-g, Room 7
OO2STSXJXjT.A.TIOJSr FREE. • .
r,rr_ TO ! DEMONSTRATE OUR PAIN- y W^^^T (\flfhp A- f •
ifssMTHODB of KXTRACTION. etc.. we \t\tyr / UIC UQi/C
; bnf devote one hour each day to FREE EX-V^*^*^ hj : */*"?#*
TRACTION Wtolla. m. The clinic U always >i^\j\ V^/K
. Ihead in adVanced dental science. No student, vZ^^J&^hg&S&b ' ' ■ *&*
ci Fo 1 r > the' next thirty days our prices will be: "^jm^^m^^^k
VVnJU SET OF TEETH Tor t* r f "P _J—^"- ffc*&'wL~~
"^gxk" 1 ™™"": BSJS-' PO K^M §^%%y^>:
'NO PAIN In extracting and no charge when y/ I '?'&. : - \fe 1 Extracted :
P '\Vork done as well at night as by daylight by _.___.. . \'., Jf \ A FILLED.- •/:
' the modern electrical •. devices used hern. Lady Ttt T U ?>^% t '/ CROWNED
fe^eA^^^r^ I^^ m atteDdaJlC °- 'ttl n HJ y iriSewS*
WITHOUT PAIN. . .. • '
Reception nR'TF STRftM Cm 809 Market Street, corner Fourth.
Room T. Vt% * ■• *-• V lf *V^Y» Flood Bulldinft, Second Floor. .:%-
; Office Houra-9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays 9to 12 m, ' '
- ' ■ '"■ ■■ . ■■• - -■' .— ..< . ■ .--- ■ . . • • .-• .■ <.— .>„..
TIME TO ELECT
A STAR GAZER
Regents of the University-
May Fill the Holden
Vacancy To-Day.
Accrued Interest on the Wil
merding Gift of Four Hun
dred Thousand Dollars.
Plenty of Money on Hand, but There
Is No School to Teach Me
chanical Trades.
It is expected that the Board of Re
gents of the State University will, at
the regular session to-day, take up the
question of appointing a director of the
Lick Observatory at Mount Hamilton
to succeed E. S. Holden, whose resig
nation took effect on the Ist of last
January. When the vacancy was about
to be filled some weeks ago it was
surmised that Professor George David
son had a force of regents in his favor
strong enough to give him the posi
tion. He had the indorsement of many
eminent astronomers and quite a num
ber of leading citizens of California, but
the election was postponed at the sug
gestion of Regent Rodgers, who asked
the postponement until Mrs. Hearst,
who had gone to Mexico, could be pres
ent. Mrs. Hearst had done so much
for the university and was planning
to do so much more, that the regents
were constrained to do anything in rea
son to oblige her.
It is understood that some active
work has been done In the interest of
another candidate for director since the
postponement and the voting to-day
may surprise the friends of Professor
Davidson.
The regents have another important
place to fill, and that is the office of
director of the Wilmerding School. Mr.
Wilmerding gave the regents $400,000 to
establish a school to teach boys how
to earn an honest living at a mechan
ical trade of some kind. The regents
put the sum out at interest and the in
terest earnings to date exceed $50,000.
The idea cf lending the money while
the boys were running the streets, of
course, never occurred to Mr. Wilmerd
ing, so he placed nothing in the con
ditions of the gift to prevent it. Be
fore long the regents will have a half
million dollars, but there will be no
school for the boys. The principle domi
nating the university to-day is to get
money and lend it. The way the board
is managing the trust confided to the
university by Mr. Wilmerding may not
encourage many other millionaire phil
anthropists to endow the institution
with money.
Word is give., out that Regent Hal
lidie is going East and that no direc
tor for the school will be chosen until
he returns. The regent wants to look
about and see what kind of material
the East can supply to superintend
the school. Mr. Wilmerding no doubt
supposed that there were men in Cali
fornia capable of superintending the
school, and perhaps fancied that the
regents would not look elsewhere,
hence he made no conditions in the
trust on this score. While Mr. Halli
die is skirmishing around the coun
try east of the Mississippi in quest of
a suitable superintendent the money
which the generous Mr. Wilmerding
gave for the boys is drawing interest.
True enough, there is no school to
teach trades, but the regents can point
with pride to a brilliant object lesson
in finance. The original gift of $400,
000 is intact, and with accrued inter
est amounts to more than $450,000.
Still Mr. Wilmerding did not give the
money to- establish a school of finance.
All he thought of was a plain, com
mon, every day sort of workshop,
where the youngsters on the street
could be assembled and instructed
how to handle the ordinary appliances
of a mechanical trade. He did not
contemplate the establishment of a
great scientific institution to challenge
the admiration of the world and invoke
the eloquence of the ages. All he had
in mind was a help for the boys who
were in danger of becoming vicious
through idleness and lack of working
opportunity. All of this has been ex
plained to the regents by the men who
were with Mr. Wilmerding when he
was making up his mind to give $400,
000 in trust for the boys.
MORE SHOWERS COMING.
Prophet Hammon Speaks of the
Rainfall Throughout the State.
The showers which have fallen for the |
past twenty-four hours and those which
will probably fall to-day are only tem
porary, and are not, as many think, tho !
forerunners of an approaching storm. |
The clouds are simply in a jocular mood,
and have conspired with the elements to
taunt the needy farmers, who are crying
for rain and praying for their assistance
to help them in the production of a pros- i
perous crop.
The rainfall in the interior, which has
been characterized by the same fitful ap- i
in-aranoe of these showers, can be of lit
tle or no benefit to the farmers. The same
atmospheric conditions exist throughout
the entire State and along the coast with
but two exceptions — at Point Reyes and
Eureka— where the downpour has been a
little greater than in other parts.
The same conditions as existed yester
day have been prophesied by Forecast
Official Hammon as identical with those
which will prevail to-day.
A VETERAN APPOINTED.
W. A. Mitchell, an Old Soldier, Will •
Take the Customs Inspectorship
Vacated by Henry Simpson.
Collector Jackson yesterday appointed
"W. A. Mitchell as Customs Inspector in
place of Henry Simpson, deceased. Mr.
Mitchell was appoint*^! under the old
soldier clause of the civil service regula- :
tions, whereby an ex-soldier of the United ;
States who may have been discharged for I
disability arising from wounds or sickness
contracted durlnK the service may be
taken from any part of tho eligible list.
Mr. Mitchell served in the United States
army for Jive years-, part of which period
was during the civil war. His discharge
was for disability, caused by wounds re
ceived in the civil war.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
5 CHOICE }
[ MATERIALS I
5 PERFECT BREWING and $
V PROPER AGING are the main *
parts of the foundation upon 4
which & & <£ 4
*;t ap H™*^ jf%. y^
Milwaukee 5
I has built its enviable reputation *
I ' with the consumers of the United 4
i » States. •
; Call for Blatz. i
': See that "Blatz" Is on the Cork. \
I VAL. BLATZ BREWING GO. 1
5 MILWAUKEE, WIS., U. S. A. J
' w9
) Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale Dealers, A
T 416-418 Sacramento St., San Francisco. "s
9 Telephone iMam 416. 0
[supplies }
|: f « klondike
i 1i 1 ' should include ' C
Ii; BORDEN'S j||
Peerless Brand
'EVAPORATED CREAM
,! UNSWEETENED V
I ' The high reputation for keeping J
,l qulity is already well estab- ii '
'i hslied ; hence, no experiment. 1 -
I' NEW YORK CONDEMSEDMILK CO.] '
MADE ME A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CTJEE
ALL Nervous Disease*— Failles Mem-
ory, Ira potency, bleopleseness, etc., caused
by Abuse or other Excesses and Indis-
cretions. They quickly and surely
rsstoro Lost Vitality in old or young, ana
fit a man for study, business or marriaea.
> Present Insanity and Consumption if
ma. Their nso shows immediate improve-
ment sad eEeets a CUIiS whoru ell ether fail In-
sist upon haring tho genuine Ajar Tablets. They
hnve cared thousands and wil 1 cure you. We giro a pos-
I itive written guarantee to effect a cure Kn |*TC * a
I each or refund the money. Price W 1 Vipjr
piickace; or eiz pkces (full treatment) for {2.00. By
mail. In plain wrapper, upon receipt of priro. Circular
free. A J A x REMEDY CO., 'yS^jF
For sale In San Francisco by Leipnltz ft Co..
KO Butter. No-Percentage Pharmacy. 953 Mkt-
000000000000000000
% - PALACE *■"■?%
% GRAND HOTELS O
q Yi> SAN FRANCISCO. . - q
*T ■ Connected by a covered passageway. "
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. ©
© All Dmm One Management. O
; O NOTE THE PRICES: O
: rt European Plan. SI. OO per day and upward es
' v American Plan. S3. OO per day and upward *»
0 Correspondence Solicited. Q
i © . JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. Manager. q
, 00000000000
DR.MCNULTY.
ryms V.-E-r.L-KXOV.-X AND RKLIABLK OTTi
.1. Sp<tlaMstc«rfjPrlvate,Nervons,Hloodaiid^kia
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20yearsVxperience. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
daily ; G:.» toa.TOcv'cs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. KOSCOE aKdnriiTr, M. d..
26 : j Hoainr Street. San Franriaro. CftL
; jNgltffl DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
§^jffiF*^MpW Five hundred reward fur any caso
Sou BB.v>' cannot cure. This secret remedy
j H stops all losses in 24 hours, cure*
: BbM H^H Emissions, Impotency, Varicocela,
wN PpHn Gonorrhoea, Gl jet. Fits, Stricture*,
UfJLJ ' UjijJUo^t Manhood and all wasting ef*
pH3 KHB f ects of self-ab'iseor excesses. Sent
HPr^*Sa sealed $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5, jjuar
anteedtocure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
BTITXJTE. 855 Broadway, Oakland, CaL Also
for sale at-1073V4 Market St., S. F. All pri-
I vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
rnk A %# or FADED HATR RESTORED to
[■KAY youthful color and lenity by DR.
V« ■%-**■ HAY.V HAIR HEAL'IH. Re-
' moves dandruff and scalp disea«e. Don't stain
Skin. Cover* BALD »p>ts. Absolutely harmles*.
Large bottles Si) cents, at dmcßists. Ket-iil agents.
. NO-PKP.i-1 ■STAOE rIIAHMAt;Y, Mi ,M»rkot A.
Wholesale-MACK .<: CO.; LANOLBY & KICK
VHLS: VOVfIK. kei>i>:gton & col
Q Visit DR. JORDAN'S Great
i^n Museum of Anatomy
fg|fi|\ ■ ::51«ABXSTST.tet6tlii7th,S.r.aa.
D SO ' Tie Jlskindloth- World. -
«Ma DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Bl.W^^ «>l CoDsult»:lon fr««. Wrii« for Book
lij i^Phifosophrof Marriage.
h a mailed raci.
iTi i iTTW ijTl in?^
MiiliiJiMlJuHliii
S HAVE • YOU Sore Throat. Pimples, Copper- I
3 Colored - Spots, Aches, Old Sores. Ulcers ■
3in Mouth. Hair-FalUn?? Write COOK 1
3 ED Y CO.. 213 MASONIC TEMPLE. CHI- ■
tZ CAGO, ILL:'. • for proofs of euros. Capital ■!
m tiU),IXX). Worst cases cured in 15 to 35 days, ■
1l(X)-patJro1 l(X)-patJro book free. ' . • ■
*'^llfeb^ri> ** s;i ** ia » non-poisocot:»
■ i*^H[TOr^^^^ini>jn remedy for Gonorrhcea,
J l--l{F.e>>ijgi Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
VPffiV iniua Uva.^M Whites, unnatural dis-
JSSkss . Gsireotrt-i D charges, or any infliimm:i-
g&JI doi to strletare. tion. irritation or alcera-
S2»jjP" T «>t» eoEtagints. tini >n of Qiicoan mem-
E^WrH£EviN3CHEM!£nno. Cranes. Non-astrini?ent.
Wg^CINCINNXTI.O R| *° ld »>y »rncifi)iU,
Wj^V U.S. x 223 " r sen 1 iv plain wrapper,
' /^hH^^ '^>M liv e'rifSß, prepaid, lot
f. 1 .- 00 - or 3 bottlea. |§.75.
c»^B*g3SJl*y^c »^8*g3SJl*y^ ■ Circular e--nt vii request.
S^^^^^^ Wo will send you a fire (5) day trial
F MCT %t fl treatment of the French Kerned?
V mCliB CALTHOS free. <»° <• »'•) and
I • OT- J B a legal guaronteo thai CAI.THOS will
ip If fe - ■ " STOP l)i»churse» »ad Emlulea*.
S^^^Maf^B It costn you nothing to try K.
1 Yon M Oh I CO. 44OBSot?lnrrl«u>A^.«.CIae{»aU,a
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SIMMART.
Silver a fraction lower.
Wheat and Barley quiet.
Oats. Corn and Rye dull.
Hay steady. Bran and Middlings lower.
No change In Beans.
Potatoes and Onions firmer.
Asparagus and Green Peas lower.
Butter declined again. No change In Eggs.
A car of Eastern Poultry In.
Fresh and DVled Fruits unchanged.
Provisions ns before.
Turpentine advanced.
Mutton still higher. Hogs easy.
No change In Coal.
EXPLANATION.
fhe arrow files with the wind. The top fig
ures at itatlon Indies maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath It, If any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In Inches
and hundredths during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is Im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idr.hn, and the pressure falling to the Call
fornia coast, warmer weather maybe- expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce as
opposite result. - -
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, March 7, 5 p. m.
The following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.02 26.77 40.11
■)l«I I.luff Trace 11.99 22.22
Sacramento Trace 8.54 15.12
Ran Francisco 0.04 7.36 20.65
Fresno 0 8.45 9.25
Pan Luis Obispo .' 0 5.14 19.72
Los Angeles 0 4.27 16.08
San Diego 0 3.3S 10.91
Yuma 0 1.26 6.81
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
68: minimum. 50: mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over South
ern Idaho. Utah and Nevada. It has risen
rapidly on the coast from Portland north
ward.
The temperature hag fallen rapidly over Ore
gon. Idaho and Northwestern Montana. In
the Sacramento Valley the temperature Is
about normal: in the San Joaquln Valley it Is
34 degrees above the normal. . •
There lias been a marked Increase In cloudi
ness south of Roseburg and north of San Luis
OblFpo. Light showers have occurred In North
ern California.
A maximum wind velocity of 84 miles an
hour is reported from Tatoosh. and 28 miles
southwest at Carson City.
r r.^a-t made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. March 8. IS9S:
Northern California— Light showers early
Tuesday morning; cloudy Tuesday; northerly
winds; colder in the San Joaquln Valley and
east.
Southern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Tuesday; northerly, changing to west
erly wind. '• :■■■■" ".---
Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday; colder north.
Clotidy Tuesday: much colder.
Arizona— Cloudy Tuesday; colder west and
north.
Ban Francisco and vicinity Light showers
early Tuesday morning; cloudy Tuesday; west
erly winds.
' Special report from. Mount Tamalpals taken
at sp. in. : Cloudy; wind south. 12 miles per
hour; temperature, 46; maximum. 61; rainfall.
0.10.
ALEXANDER Me A DIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. March —The relations be
tween the United States and Spain caused ap
prehension in all circles in Wall street to-day.
That there were large sales of securities by the
timid holders for the purpose of converting
them Into actual money was doubtless true,
but a large portion of the selling was due to
the liquidation of speculative holdings, which
have been strongly held through previous de
clines, but which were thrown over to-day to
realize what they would bring. There was
palpable maneuvers also by the bars to force
the lowest possible range of quotations at the
opening and their offerings to force down prices
and their purchases at the decline to cover
made up no small portion of the day's business.
In this connection It is interesting 1 to-, note that
the opening sales of Burlington were reported
at from 90V4 to 89%, and this quotation was
not corrected until the close of the market,
when it was canceled with the explanation
that the sales reported were of St. ■ Paul of
those quotations and not of Burlington. In
stead of a break In Burlington of 4V4, at the
opening, that stock's extreme decline from Sat
urday's close was %. Louisville was at one
time four points off, its weakness developing
later In the day.' New York Central showed
a loss of 3% at the opening. Otherwise the ex
treme declines In the railroad list were 1 re
stricted between 1 and . S points. .. Losses in the
specialties wore great. Metropolitan failing. 8
points. Sugar 5 1 ,* and Manhattan 3V£. The
bhorts were quick to cover at the' decline and
a rally of 1 to 3 points was almost instanta
neous. The buying to cover short contracts
was attributed to Washington sources, with
other aggressive uelleru In the latter part of
last .week. London was a heavy seller of stock
here during the morning, the sales . for that
account being estimated at 49,000 shares. Lon
don's pessimistic view of values was as much
Influenced by the threatening outlook In China
and the dispute in the Niger region as by the
Cuban question. Local operators were quick
to decide that no damage was threatened to
American securities by this complication, and
this encourage the absorption of London offer-
Ings. Later In the day the introduction of Mr.
Cannon's bill to appropriate $10,000,000 for na
tional defense and the passage of the Haw
ley bill providing for two new artillery regi
ments renewed the early weakness and forced
prices again to the lowest. The latter break
♦•as freer from bear nianlpulaion and repre
sented more . liquidation than the earlier one.
The decision favoring the railroads in the Ne
braska maximum freight rate cane was almost
Ignored, and the news that Spain had with
drawn its request for Consul-General Lee's re
call, although somewhat . more efficacious in
rallying the market, had but a temporary effect,
the other threatening aspects of the situation
b»ing regarded as more Important Money was
rmtrked up to 3 per cent, in the early trans
actions, an Influence In Inducing - liquidation
which must not be overlooked. The rate eased
off to, IV, per cent again before the close of the
day. Closing prices in stocks were considerably
above the lowest, but net declines In the stand
ard shares are still from 1 to over 3 points.
Prices for bonds yielded almost as sharply as
those of stocks, but the smaller liquidation by
comparison with stocks Indicated I greater un
derlying strength. Total sales. $3,305,000. United
States new' 4s and do old 4s declined I*6. old 4a
coupon and the 5s 1 and the 2s % per cent bid.
The la coupon sold at 111%. •
Total sales of stocks were 601,900 shares, In
cluding: Atchison preferred, 12,053; Chesapeake
and Ohio. 5020: Burlington. 64.928: L. & N.,
18,290; Manhattan. 27.956; Metropolitan Street
Hallway. 13.905: Reading, preferred. 8940; Mis
souri Pacific -6225; M. K. & T. preferred, 4470;
New Jersey Central. 3215; New York Central.
21.840; Northern ■ Pacific. ■ 14.920; do preferred,
&5.660; Ontario and Western, 3540; Reading, 3945;
Rock Island, 12,220; U. P. D. £ d.. 4040;
American Tobacco. 11.115; People's Gas, 21,215; :
American Sugar, 82,610; Western Union, 582*.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 10T4|St V & Om 70%
Do pref - 25% Do pref 150
Baltimore & Ohio 16*4 St P M & M 130
Canada Pacific .. 32% So Pacific 16 j
Canada Southern. 47% So 'Railway «74« 7 4 i
Ches & Ohio 18% Do pref 26» 4 |
Chi & Alton 155 Texas & Pacific. 9% |
Chi B & Q 91% Union Pacific ... 26
i Chi & E 111 M U PD & G 8
|CCC &St L.... 29 Wabaeh 0% j
Do pref 77 Do pref 15
I Del & Hudson.... 107% (Wheel & L E.... 21*4
Del L & W 150 - i Do pref 9l»
Den & R G 12 Express • Companies- i
Do pref 43*4 j Adams Ex 10 2
Erie (new) 12Vi ' American Ex .... 123
Do Ist pref .... 34*4 United States ... 40
Ft Wayne 169 Wells Fargo 115
Gt Nor pref 15S Miscellaneous-
Hocking Val 6 A Cot Oil 16*4
Illinois Cent 99 Do prof 69*s
Lake Erie & W.. 14 Amn Spirits <*4
Do pref 68 Do pref li%
Lake Shore 189 Am Tobacco 89*
Louis & Nash....~ 49T<. Do pref .' 112
Manhattan L .... 100*4 : People's Gas 90% ,
Met St Ry 141 Cons Gas :. 1.9
I Mich Cent 104 j Com Cab Co ICO
: Minn « St L 26% Col F & Iron 19
Do Ist pref .... 85 j Do pref .S ,
Mo Pacific 25% I Gen Electric .... 31% ,
Mobile & 0hi0... 26 Illinois Stoel 47s j
Mo X & T 10% Laelede Gas 40* i
Do pref 34 Lead f<>-* |
Chi In.l & L 7 Do pref 102
Do nref 25 Nat Lin Oil lo
N J Central SI Or Imp Co 25
N V Central .... 111% Pacific Mail 24%
NY Chi <* St L. 12*4 Pullman Pal l.»
Do Ist pref .... 65 Silver Cert 54 |
Do 2d pref .... 31 Stand R& T 3%
Nor West 11% Sugar 124
No Amer Co .... 5% Do pref 110% I
No Pacific 21 % T C & Iron 19% |
Do pref 59% U 8 Leather .... 6*4
Ontario & W 14% Do pref 60«4
Or R & Nay 45 US Rubber 16*4
Or Short Line 28% Do pref 65*4
Pittsburg 163 West Union 86
Reading 17% Chi A N W 119
Do Ist pref .... 40*4 I Do pref 174
Rock Island .... 84*4 iSt L & S W 4
St L & S F 6% I Do pref 9
Do Ist pref .... 66% I R G W 23
Do 2d pref .... 24% I Do pref 67
St Paul 95% Chi G W 10
Do pref 145 i Haw Com Co ... 29
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 123*4 N Carolina 6a .. 125
Do coup 123% Do 4s 103
U S 4s 109*4 No Pac lsts 117
Do coup 11l Do 3s 69*4
Do 2ds 98*4 Do 4s 94
US 5s reg 11l NYC &S L 45.. 103*4
Do 5s coup 11l Nor &W 6s 12.'>
District 3.65s .... 103 Northwstrn cons. 141
Ala class A .... 108*4 Do deb 5s 117*4
Do B 107 O Nay lsts 113
Do C 100 O Nay 4s 94*4
Do Currency ... 98 OB Line 6s tr — 123
Atchison 4s 89% O 8 Line 5s tr.... 100
Do adj 4s 57% O Imp Ist tr.... 10S
Can So 2ds 108 Do 6s tr 56
Chi Term 4s .... 83*4 Pacific 6s of 95.. 103
C & Ohio 4s .... 115 Reading 4s ...... S2
CH & D 4*45.... 104% I R G W lsts 80%
D & R G lsts.... 110% IS L & I M C 55.. SS
D & R G 4s 90 IS L & S F G 65.. 118
East Term lsts... 105 St P Con 141
Erie Gen 4s 70 St PC & P lsts.. 121%.
F W & D lFts tr. 69 Do 5s 116
Gen Elec 6s .... 101*4 So Ry 5s 89%
GII& S A 65.... 104 Stan R A T Gs.. 59
Do 2Js 105 Term new set 3s. 60
H & T C 6s 110 T&P L G lsts.. 99%
Do con «s 105 Do Rg Ms 33
lowa C lsts 100 Union Pac lsts... 127*4 j
Kail P Con tr.... 100 UPD & G lsts.. 54%
X Pac Ist DD tr. 131*4 Do pref 50
La new cons 45.. 100 Do 4s 91%
L& N Uni 4s 85 Wab Ist 5s 10«
Missouri 6s 100 Do 2ds 75%
M X A T 2d5.... 59*4 W Shore 4s 109%
Xn> «s 87 jVa Centuries .... 70
N V Central lsts. 118% j Do deferred ... 4
N J C 08 112 !
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 80 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 15 I Ophlr 40 I
Con Cal & Va 75 1 Plymouth OS ,
Deadwood 7," ! Quicksilver 1 00 |
Gould & Curry... IE | Do pref 250
Hale & Norcross. 130 i Sierra Nevada .. SO
Homestake 39 00 I Standard 150
Iron Silver 40 Union Con 30
Mexican 30 Yellow Jacket .. 30
BOSTON. March Atchison, 10%; Bell Tel
ephone. 253; Burlington. 91%; Mexican Central, j
5*4; Oregon Short Line. 27; San Diego. — .
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. March 7.— The Evening Post's !
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were flat and demoralized to-day
by political scares, consols and similar se
curities closing quiet at the lowest. The scares
were all the more potent, coming on the eve
of the settlement.
Americans opened flat and gave way steadily
on home and Continental selling The arbitrage :
houses gave no support until afternoon, when
the support was considerable. Prices closed
practically at the lowest. Including foreigners.
Spanish securities were Vt lower. There wa»
much pressure from Paris to sell Spanish se
curities, as also Turkish securities, and all
International and South American stocks. Still,
considering the Intricacies of the political com
plications, to-day's fall was no more than could
be expected. Trouble Is feared at the settle
ment if there is no recovery prior thereto.
Bar gold Is in dmand for American Importers
at about 77s lOd. Most of the gold arrivals by
the Cape boat are believed to have been sold
to New York. Of about £500.000 of Japanese
yen in the open market, a considerable portion
la believed to have been bought by New York,
but the Bank of England has raised the buy- j
ing price of yen to 76s sd, and some may go to
the bank. Probably £400.000 in ail was bought
here to-day.
It Is not generally known that one clause of
the Japanese loan contract provided for the j
withdrawal of European bankers from the con
tracts. If at the time of Issue the political
situation should be critical.
The loan probably . would have been issued
next Saturday, and it Is believed in city circles
that Russia's demand that China shall settle
the points raised by the former within live j
days Is significant, Including, among other ;
objects, the defeat of the loan project.
The position of Spain and the United States
attracted th« most attention. City financiers
attach much Importance to the desperate con
dition of Spanish finances, and believe that this
may prompt Spain to aggressive action, or. at
least, that Spain might not withdraw from the
position taken up. If the worst happened. It is
believed that Paris might render financial as
sistance to Spain, French Interest In Spanish
stocks being large. At the same time Spanish
stock* are not held quite so largely In France
as they were a few years ago.
The February trade returns are unsatisfac
tory. Imports having decreased £1,300,000. or 4
per cent and exports £220.000. or about WAW A per
cent. The chief decline in Imports Is textile
materials from j the United States and else
where. CLOSE.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific. 84 1 Grand Trunk. 7%; Bar
Silver, weak. 26 3-16 d per ounce: Money. 2Vs<g>
2% per cent. •
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. March 7.— FLOUR— Receipts,
29.293 barrels: exports, 17.187 barrels. Inactive
and barely steady.
WHEAT— 89,700 bushels: exports.
125.000 bushels. Spot easy; No. 2 red. $1 07% f.
o. b. afloat to arrive. ' Options opened easy,
with the break in stocks, rallied on European
war news, but again weakened under bearish
weekly statistics and light export demand. The
only afternoon feature was a ppurt in Septem
ber, due to- crop scares. , It closed lc higher,
against Vie decline In other months. No. 2 red
March $1 CWHigl 06%, closed $1 06H: May,
$1 00 5-16@l'OO 15-16, closed $1 00%.
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Dull.
PETROLEUM— NominaI."
METALS — week opened .with the Metal I
market in generally promising condition. The
Metal Exchange reports to-day's closing tones
and prices as follows: ••-■ ,
PIOIRON'-Warrants steady at $6 75 bid and j
$6 85 nuked. . •. '
LAKE COPPER- Strong at $11 87& bid and ]
$12 asked. i - - • ■
TIN Firm at $4 2T. bid and 14 30 asked.
LEA I>— Firm at $3 80- bid and $3 874 asked.
The firm that fixes the settling price for miners j
and smelters calls, Lead steady at $3 60.
— Options closed dull at unchanged j
prices. Sales. 6250 .bags, including May, $5 53. '
Spot Coffee— Rio. quiet; No. 7 Invoice, 6Hc; No. |
7 Jobbing, 6%c; mild, steady: Cordova. S',;c.
SUGAR— Raw. barely, steady: , fair refining, i
3%@3 11- 16 c; centrifugal, 86 test, 4V4c; refined, j
quiet.
BUTTER— 8815 packages. Steady:
Western creamery, 15©20 c; Elgins, 20c; fac
tory. ll<Blßc. - .•.
■ EGOS— Receipts. 12.626 packages. Steady;
State and Pennsylvania, U>4c; Western, lie;
Southern, U®ll%o. ____
?l? : .y DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, 'March 7.— California Dried
— Strong: other fruits about steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— si@:Sc;
prime wire tray, BM_ff* l >4c; wood dried prime.
s\-.'-7y-'«r; choice. S%@sc: fancy. 9%@i00.
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— Royal, 6%<gßc; Moorpark. BV4@
10c.
PEACHES— B@9c; peeled. J2@l6c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, March 7.— A good deal of nerv- j
ousness was shown at the opening In wheat. j
The start was lower. July at 9'4@9»bc, showing j
an initial %4?%c decline, while May was %c
lower, tit $1 05%. For the moment traders fell
under the Influence of the grave condition of
affairs between ; the United States ■ and , : Spain
and the big break In '-: the London and ' New
York stock markets. The effect .of thin was
la a measure counteracted .by the new com
plications between Russia and ■, England and
prices rallied for a few minutes. July getting
up to 90T4c and May to $1 0014. Prospects of
war between two of the foreign: nations al
most invariably has a favorable effect on the
local wheat market and' to-day wan no excep
tion to the rule. .The selling pressure was soon
renewed. The- , news from Washington was of
too grave a character to be overlooked, and be
sides this nearly all the ordinary news of the
day was of an •xoeptior.ally bearish nature.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 8, 1898.
Northwest receipts were very large. * Minne
| apolis and Duluth reported 560 cars, compared
I with" 362 last week and 254~a year ago. The
i world's shipments were large, amounting to
i 7,524,000 bushels, and an Increase on passage
was reported of 1.680.000 bushels. ■- A signifi-
I cant factor in the world's shipments was the
! big Russian movement, nearly five times in
I excess of what it was 'a. year ago. Chi
cago receipts were 105 cars. Letter * brokers
gave the' market , some support at first, but
soon withdrew It and th» market deprived of
this sustaining feature slowly declined and
; grew quite dull." July ' finally sold down to
i 90c and May to $1 04%. About the mid-day a
I new feature developed in the buying by Letter
'of the September and December futures.
I Shorts hardly understood this at first, but
! when buying orders of those deliveries were
I received from St. Louis, accompanied by re
ports of very poor conditions of wheat In Illi
nois and Missouri, the crowd came Into the
market. For a time the September and De
! cember prices showed 2c advance and the
strength was In a measure communicated to
the near-by futures. July rallying to 90*ic and
May to $1 04%... The very . boldness of the
Letter operations In the face of what was
considered a naturally bearish market startled
shorts into covering and gave the market for
a time a good deal of strength. Toward the
close all the futures dropped a little, and the
market was quite irregular, July closed %c
■lower at 90*ic May lc lower at $104%. Sep
tember and December, on the other hand,
closed about \%c higher each, September at
," : Y and December at 77Vic.
Corn was fairly active and steady. The Cu
ban war news and the weakness in wheat in
duced more or less liquidation by holders.
Prices tended downward until near the close,
when covering caused a slight improvement.
The market for oats was slow, with very
little trade either- way. ■ May closed a shade
lower.
Provisions were weak after a little momen
tary firmness at the start, caused by higher
hog prices. May pork closed lc lower. May
lard "2*4 c lower and May ribs 5c lower.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
March 103*4 103*4 102% 102%!
May 105% 106*4 104*4 104%
July 90% 90% 90 ' 90%
Corn No. 2— • --- - -
May 30 30% 29% 30
July 31% 31% 31 31%
September 32% 32*4 32% 32*4
oats No. 2—
May 26% 26% 26% 26%
July : 24% 24% , 24% 24*4
Mess Pork, per bhl—
May r:... 10 40 10 40 10 17*4 10 25
July 10 42*4 10 45 10 25 10 30
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 515 6 17% 5 12% 5 12%
July 6 22*4 526 620 6 22*4
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 6 12*4 5 12*4 505 510
July 5 17% 520 5 12*4 515
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet; No. 2 spring wheat, 91@92- c: No. 3
spring wheat. 87c®$l; No. 2 red, $1 02*4: No.
2 corn, 2S"-@29c; No. 2 oats, 26'/4@26%c; No. 2
white, f. o. b.. 29c; No. 3 white, f. o. b., 28*4
(5 29c: No. 2 Rye, 49*ic: No. 2 barley, f. o. b.. 1
34~43c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 19; prime timothy
seed, $2 95; mess pork, per bbl, $10 20@10 25; j
lard, per 100 lbs, $5 07*4®5 10; short ribs sides 1
(loose). $4 90,-pi 25: dry salted shoulders
(boxed). $4 75(56; short clear sides (boxed), $5 30 j
(go 50; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per !
gallon, $1 18*4.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Four, bble 29,000 27.000
Wheat, bu 63,000 109.000
Corn, bu 547.000 191.000
Oats, bu 355.000 317,000
Rye. bu 13.000 600
Barley, bu 64,000 2G.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; Creameries, 13(520c: dai
ries. ll®17c; Cheese, quiet, B@S%c; Eggs,
steady, fresh, lOVic.
:
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shlpmts.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 377,430 34 040
Duluth • 14.573
Milwaukee 24.700 "!!"!
Chicago 62.1 MS ios]62s
Toledo 19,783 9-000
St. Louis 28,000 7.000
getroit •• i 3.572. 5 72 6.015
Kansas City 6R.000 36,500
Totals 609,161 201. 150
Tidewater-
Boston 37,932
New York , ; '••".'. 89. 725 ' &062
Philadelphia 21.854 4 ?_",
Baltimore 40.658
New Orleans \\\ ...;.. 25 299
Totals 190.199 160,059
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May.
Opening 6145 59 25
Closing 6150 59 35
Flour-
Opening 2S 5 5 27 45
Closing 28 60 27 45
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
March. May. July. Sent. Dec.
Opening 710 7 5 71% 6 6*' ' 6 5*4
Closing. 7 10% 75* 71% 6 6% ''6 5%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET. "
CHICAGO. March 7.— CATTLE— Buyers of
Cattle to-day were inclined to hold back from
purchasing the commoner droves, as it was
thought that the bountiful supply would cause
prices to rule lower, but the general demand
proved to be exceptionally good and prices were
not very much different from those of last
week's late sales. Salt's were largely at $4 50®
5 10; commonest dressed beef steers, »:-: H94;
stockers and feders, $3 t>o<&'4 60; calves, $6 25@
6 75 for the best grades.
HOGS— Active at strong prices. Common.
$3 SO@S 86; prime heavy, $4 07»*; bulk, (3 85®
4 05.
SHEEP— Sheep and lambs were in good de
mand. Poor sheep. $3Q3 50; choice to extra,
$4 MliA X; bulk. J4 15®4 50; lambs. $4 25<55 50
lor Inferior to choice, sales being largely at $5
@<5 50.
Receipts— Cattle. 22,000; Hogs, 32,000; Sheep,
DENVER.
DENVER. March 7— CATTLE— Receipts. 1300.
Market steady to firm. Beef steers. $3 SQO4. JO;
cows, $3^4; stockers, $4@4 70, freight paid to
river: feeders. $3 90@4 30, freight paid; calves,
$i£6; bulls and stags, $2 30® 3 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 200. Market steady; demand
strong. Light packers, $3 85<jj3 90; mixed. $8 80
@3 85; heavy, $3 70i@3 SO.
SHEEP— Receipts. 700. Market firm. Weth
ers. $3 So@4; ewes. $3<§3 90; lambs, $4 50(gi5 25.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. March 7.— CATTLE— Receipts. 3200.
Market steady for best. Common, s<g 10c lower.
Native beef steers, $3 80®4 90: Western steers,
$3 eO'tH 50; cowh and heifers, $3<{?4; stockers and
feeders. $3 75® 4 85; bulls, stags, etc., $2 50®
3 70.
HOGS— Receipts, 3200. Market closed a shade
lower. Heavy, $3 7"Va<g3 So; mixed, $3 B<><g'3 82'/>;
light. $3 So(fi3 85; bulk of sales. $3 80@3 85.
SHEEP— Receipts. 3600. Market steady. Fair
to choice natives, $3 75<(i4 75; fair to choice
Westerns. $3 60® 4 50; common and stock sheep.
$3<&S 90; lambs, $4 50(6,5 30.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. March 7.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 5200. Market about 10c lower: choice
cattle scarce; best, $5 2'»; active at decline: bulk
selling above $4 50. Cows and heifers, active,
$2 25@4 2.'.; stockers and feeders, unchanged,
$3 7.".*} 5 50; Southern cattle, active, $3 60®4 75;
bulls and oxen, $3<£3 60.
HOGS— Receipts, official, 6300. Market ac
tive. Bulk, $3 75@3 95: heavies and packers,
$3 86434; medium and mixed, $8 So#4 02; lights,
$3 50(53 80; pigs. $3 30@3 65.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2400. Sheep active; iambs,
5c higher. Western muttons, $3 Co@4 40; lambs,
$4 EG&S 40. " 'v : V
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. March 7.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat Sat
urday. March 5. as compiled by the New York
Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Increase. Decrease.
Bush. Bush. Bush.
Wheat 83.012.000 1,760.000
Corn 41.471.000 601.000
Oats 13.184.000 289.000
Rye 3.567.000 84.000
Barley 1, 891.000 274,000
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, March 7.— Consols, 111%; Silver,
25 3-1G; French rentes, 104-10.
LIVERPOOL, March 7.— Wheat, dull; No. 1
standard California' wheat, 36; cargoes off
coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage, buy
ers and sellers apart; English country markets,
easy; French country markets, quiet; wheat in
Paris, steady: flour in Paris, steady; quan
tity wheat and flour on passage to U. X.,
3.350.000; quantity wheat and flour on passage
to Continent. 1,540.000; Indian shipments wheat
to U. X., 11,000; Indian shipments wheat to
Continent. 2000; import Into U. K. for Week,
293 000 bbls flour: 271.000 quarters wheat.
COTTON— 'Uplands. 3 7-16.
CORN— Futures, quiet; March, 3s 4%d; May
3s 3<-fed; July, 3s 2%d.
Imports of wheat Into Liverpool for the
week: From Atlantic ports, 24,500 quarters;
from Pacific ports. 57.000 quarters; from other
ports. 33.000 quarters.
Imports of corn Into Liverpool for the week
from Atlantic ports were 67,300 quarters.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 1 red northern'
spring, 8s Id. Corn— Spot, quiet; American
mixed new, 3s 4%d,
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. March 7.— Exchanges, $460 -
027: balances, $20,343.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., March 7.— Eastern Wheat
buyers were at work in the Palouse country
again to-day, and consequently trade was at a
standstill, as exporters ar« unable to do busi
ness on the figures that are now being paid for
Wheat for Eastern shipment. Nominal quota
tions of 74<g760 for Walla Walla are given out,
but there Is absolutely nothing doing.
Cleared— British ship Clan Robertson, 92,942
bushels Wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOIIA. Wash.. March 7.— The large re
ceipts of Wheat was the only feature of the
grain market. No. 1 club, 75c; No. 1 blue stem.
78c
LOCAL MARKETS.
j EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
i Sterling Exchange, sight rt / ** **
Sterling Exchange, 60 days •*• :■ * 8-*4
j sterling Cables ... — -.. \* st<
I New York Exchange, 5ight......... — ' *>
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — ; . ay,
Fine Silver, per ounce — 54 V&
Mexican Dollars .„..!;..... 43*4- - 4b
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— . An-lesey takes for Cork 42,
685 ctls, valued at $62,961; Othmarschen, for
Cape Town, 61,215 ctls, at $93,353. .'• • ■
Futures opened weak, but recovered. , There
was no change In spot, prices, and 1 trade wag
tali. , ;.:'.;",/■ ■'£■■ ■- '
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $140
for No. 1. $i 42U for choice and 11 46®
1 47*4 per ctl for extra choice for milling.
: CALL BOARD SALES. •' .
Informal session— o'clock— May— ctls.
$1 38%. , .. • .
Second session— Mav— l4,ooo ctls. $1 38% : 2000.
tl 38%. December— 2000 $1 31%; 800, , $1 31%;
2000. $1 31%.
Regular " morning ssesion— May— 2ooo ctls,
$1 37;^; 2000, $1 391-. • 6000. $1 39%. December—
2000, $1 32: 2000 $1 32%.
Afternoon session— Ma v—SOOO ctls. $1 39*4; 22.- ,
000, $1 39. December-2000, »1 32: 44.000, $1 32*4-
BARLEY— Futures were weaker, owing to
the cloudy and threatening weather, but there i
was no change In the spot market, which ruled I
dull and nominal. .
Feed, {1 i&t u i 0714 or dark to good and $1 CS%
©1 10- for choice:' "Brewing. $115(8120 for No.
1. $1 IG<§ 1 12V4 for Dark Coast.
CALL \RD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— May— ctls.
$1 03%; 6000, $1 03»i
Second session— May— 4ooo ctls, $1 03%; 10,000,
$1 03*4; 4000, $1 03%; 2000, $1 OS.
Regular morning session— May— lfi, ooo, ctls.
$1 04; 8000, $1 03%. December— 2ooo. S3*4c; 6000, i
93*4 c.
Afternoon ' session— December— 4000 ctls, 93c.
May— 2ooo. $1 03%.
OATS— The market continued lifeless at un
changed quotations.
Fancy feed. ■$1 22V-@1 25 per, ctl: good to
choice, $1 17*4@1 22*4: common. $1 12%@1 15;
Surprise. $1 25@1 30- r-d, $1 35<Jfl 45; gray, $1 15
<f?l 17>4; milling. $1 20@l 25: black, for seed.
$1 3501 n. Clipped Oats sell at Jl@2 per ton
over the raw product.
CORN— Is no • demand of any conse
quence,- and trade rules dull. •
Small round yellow, $110@l 12*4 per ctl; large
yellow. $1 05@l 07%; white. $1 06@l 07%.
RYE— sl 05@l 07*4 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI: none here.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extra*.
$4 55@4 65: Bakers' extras. $4 30® 4 40 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 50 per 100:
Rice Flour, $3 75; Cornmeal, $2 25: extra cream
do, $3: Oatmeal, $3 50: Oat Groats, $4; Hom
iny. $3 10©3 30; Buckwheat Flour, $4: Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina. $4 50: A/hole Wheat
Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (bbls), $5 26®5 65: in
packs, $5 Cs@s 45; Pearl Barley, $4; Split Peas.
$3 75; Green Peas. $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
There is no further weakness apparent in
Hay, and Saturday's prices were quoted.
Bran and Middlings declined.
BRAN— sl6@l7 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIS@22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $21 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2* 50023 50;
Jobbing. $30; Cocoanut Cake. $21 50@22 50; Cot
tonseed Meal. $2S@3O per ton; Corn Meal. $23®
24: Cracked Corn, $23 50@24 50: Chopped Feed.
$17J?1S.
HAY— (Ex-car In round Wheat. $17®
18 50 per ton: Wheat and Oat. $16@17 50; Oat.
$14 50@16 50: Barley. $14@15 50; compressed, $17
©19: Alfalfa, $10@ll; stock, $11@12; Clover,
$11 6001*
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Previous prices rule for all description's.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 ;<o<g3; Small Whites.
$1 55*jl 6f>; Large Whites. $1 55©1 65; Pinks,
$2 6092 65: Reds. $2©2 25: Blaekeye. $2 40@2 50;
Butters. 51 4i>Tfl SO: Llmas. $2 liMi2 15: Pea.
$l-40@l 50; Red Kidneys, $2 2502 50 per ctl.
SEEDS- Brown I' ««rd. $2 75 @3 per ctl;Yel
low Mustard. $2@2 50; Flax. $2 35; Canary Seed,
2V«<S2*ic per lb; Alfalfa, 3@6c; Rape. 2@2%0;
Hemp, 3c; Timothy. s^fec.
DRIED PEAS— $1 40®l 65; Green, $1 60
@2 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS. VEGETABLES.
Potatoes . and Onions are firmer, but no
higher. . . .
Asparagus and Peas are lower under larger
receipts. Rhubarb is steady.
POTATOES— EarIy Hose, 65@75c; River Reds,
50<ff60c: River Burbanks, 55@65c per sack; Ore
gon ' Burbanks, 70i@'90c: Salinas Burbanks,
Voc@sl 10; Petaluma Burbanks, .'.O'g;6Jc; Sweet
Potatoes, 25<H:V)<* per t! lor Rivera and tijc<hsl
for Merced, new Volunteer Potatoes per Ib.
ONIONS— S2 40@2 60 per ctl; Oregon. $2 65® ■
2 86; cut Onions. $202 25 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 9@l2Hc per lb
for No. 1 and s@Sc .for • No. 2: Rhubarb, $1
@2 per box; Alwneda.7 Gr*en ' Peas, 3®4c per
lb: Mushrooms, s^l2'ic; Marrowfat Squash. $25
(330 per ton: Dried Peppers, 6ifJ7c per lb; Dried
Okra, 15c;. Cabbage, 60@75c per ctl: Carrots. 25
@«0c per Back; Oarllc. S*/4'*.n per lb.
Los Angeles Green : Peas, .' 3c ; String Beans,
: Tomatoes, tl&l 25: Green Penoers. ?5c
per lb; Summer Squash, > 6<?jKc: Egg Plant, 15c;
per lb; Hothouse Cucumbers. 50c<fi$l per dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated. 16@18c: granulated raw,
13c; Onions. 60c: Carrots, old, 13c: new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c: turnips.
2.".c; String Beans, 30c: Tomatoes. 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at ll@l3c for Turkeys.
$5 25 for Ducks. $." 50 for Hens, $6 50 for young
Roosters, $4 50 for old Roosters and $6 for
Fryers. " ■'.'.:'
Local stock was nominal In the absence of
receipts.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 12@13c for Gob
blers and 12013 c for Hens; dressed Turkeys.
13@13c per Ib; Geese, per pair, $1 25@1 50; Gos
lings, $2 50fi3: Ducks, $4@5 for old and $6 50®
i 8 50 for young; Hens, $4(@5; Boosters, young,
1797 50: Roosters, old. $4@"S: Fryers, $6@7;
Broilers. $.* 50Q6 for large and $41?4 50 for
smajl. Pigeons, $2 25 per dozen for young and
$1 25 for old.
GAME— Gray Geese. $1 BO®l 75: White, 60c:
Brant, 75c®l 25; Honkers, $2 50; Hare, 50@73c;
Rabbits, $I<s'l 50 for Cottontails and $1 for
small; English Snipe, *2@2 50; Jack Snips, $1
per dozen. ■
BUTTER, CHEESE • AND EGGS.
Butter Is again lower. Eggs are the same,
I but receipts are heavy and stocks are large.
BUTTER-
Creamery— Fancy creameries, lS@l9c; sec
onds, 161} 17c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 15^@lC^c; second
grades. lCi^l.'o per lb. ..
Eastern Butter— Creamery, 1617'<> c; ladle
packed. 14®15c per lb. - ' • ■
CHEESE— Choice mild new..9%@loc: common
to good. S<g9c: Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young
America, lujjlle; Western. 11(3' 12c; Eastern, Vi\*
i ©I3V4C per lb.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, ll@l2c per dozen; store
Eggs, 10@10'ac. ■■ ■ .
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted
DECIIAuLb FRUITS— -
Apples, 40(g50c per box for common, 65(S'90c
for good to choice and $I@l 25 for fancy
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. « 50®
3; Seedlings. 75oi]$l 50; Mandarins. $101 25 for
large and iofi7sc tor small boxes;: Japanese
Mandarins, $l<gl 50; Grape Fruit, $1 50®3
per box; Lemons. 75c®$l for common and
$1 25@2 for good to choice; Mexican Limes
$.*> oOCflfi; California Limes, in small boxes Sl®
125; Bananas. $1 25@2 25 per bunch; Pine
apples. $3Q4 per dozen. . •■■ :';■..
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. . RAISINS. ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 4U®
4%c for 40-50' s. 3%@4iic ; for 50-60' s. 3%o>3* c
for SO-TO's. 2*i.gzy t c lor TO-SO's. 2%r<p2\ for 80
90s, l\Q2Vic for 90-iOO's; Peaches, 2>A©4e
lancy. 4V4IS&C; peeled, l ®l2V6c; Apricots, 6M6c
for Royals and 7rg'7V>c for Rood to .ancy Moor'
parka; Evaporated Apples. 6?i<S>7Kc; sun-dried
4«Gc; black 1-lgs, In sacks. 2«j,2VsC- Pluma
I 4',4<a4%c for pitted and Kgl'ic for unp tied'
bleached Plums, 50Ric; Nectarines. 4@5 C for
prime, to fancy; ears M M,c for quarters
and 3(aoViiO for halves, according to color i.««.
RAISINS-liA<j?2c for two-crown. 3o for three:
I crown. 3%c for four-crown. 4V4c for Spwilf.««
; Sultanas. 2* 4 c for Seedless Muscatels and Ii»
] 1 10 for London layers; dried grapes. 2Hc -
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable in Sc 'n»r
ID; Walnuts, s@6c~ for hardshell and Mile for
softshell; Almonds. 2V4@3%c for hardshell 5«6c
for softßhell and 7@Bc for paper-shell- Peanut*
4®DMi<-- for Eastern and 4V4C for California^
Pecans. 6>4®Bc : Filberts. 8H@10c ; . Brazil Nut,'
S<o9c per It.: Cocoanuts. Jl 50®5 per 100 '
HONEY— New Comb. B@loc for bright and 6O
7c for lower grades:- new water, white extract
cd. 4>,4@5c; light amber extracted. 3&04U C
per Ib. : . *" "'■
BEESWAX— 23(g2Sc per tt>.
PROVISIONS.
CURED ; MEATS— Bacon, ; 9t<o p«r 'Ib for
heavy. . 9%c for light ) medium. 10% c for light
lie i for extra light ' and • l*V4c for , sugar-cured -
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 10^@n O ; Calif or!
n!a Hams. 10c; Mess Beef. $9 per bbl; extra
mess, do, |1O; family do, ; $11©12; Salt Pork
W. extra prime Pork. $10; extra clear. $is"
mess, $16; Smoked Beef, . ll@l2c per lt>. ■ .- '
LAP.D— Eastern tierces quoted at SUcper Ib
for -compound • and- 7c for -pure; ■ palls, -7«c;
California tierces. B%c ■ per - Ib for compound
and 6\ic for pure; ■■ half-barrels, S^c; 10-lb
tins, 7^c; do 5-lb, Be. : ' ■ '
COTTOLENB— Tierces, ' «Vif6%c: packages,
less than :,ro Ibr—i-n* palls, 60 In a case. B%c:
J-Ib palls, 20 in a case. B%c: 5-Tb pails. 12 in a
case, , B%c; 10-lb palls, ■ 6 In a ' case. j BV4c; 50-tt>
tins, one or two In a case, 7%c; wooden buck
i ets, 20 tbs ne», 7'^e; fancy tubs. 80 lt>B net. 7Hc;
half-bbls, about 110 lbs, 7Hc per Tb. , v
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlXS— Culls and brands sell
If under souri stock. Heavy salt-'d stairs,
lOHc; medium 914 c; light, 9c; Cowhides.
309ftc; stags, 6c, salted Kip, 10c; Calf,
lie; dry Hides. 17@17i4c: culls and brands. UVfc
@14c;.dryKlp ant. Veal, 14@15c: dry-Calf. 18«
| 2uc; culls,- 16@i7c; Goatskins. 30@37Hc each;
j Kids, s®loc; Deerskins,:" good summer, 25@30c
per Ib; medium, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings. 20$j>30c each; short wool. 40©70e
each; medium, 70@90c; lons wools. 90c4j)*l 30
each. ..'-.■
, TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, "3@3Vic per Kb; No.
2, 2<3l2 1 refined, sc; Grease. 2@2%c.
i WOOL— Fall clip— San. Joaquln. defective. 7©
9c: Southern Mountain, 9@llc; free Northern, 12
OUc; do defective, SS'llc per lb.
HOPS-Old crop. 2@Sc for poor to fair and 80
10c for good; new crop, ll@l4c per lb.
_ GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentln, $5 30.
COAL. — ' Wellington, $10 per. ton; New Wel
lington. $10: Seattle. $6 50: Bryant. $6 50: Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Scotch, $10; Cumber
land. HO in bulk and $11 M in sacks: Pennsyl
vania Anthracite Egg. $15: Cannel. $10 per ton:
Rock Springs. Castle Gate and • Pleasant Val
l»y. $9; . Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 In
sacks. ' •; .. ■ .
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine. Crushed. 6%c;- Powdered. 6%c; Dry.
Granulated. 5%c: Confectioners' A. 5%c: Mag
nolia A. S%c; Extra C. 6>4c; Golden C. 5Hc:
Candy Granulated. California A. 6^c per
i id: half barrels J^c more than barrels, and
hox»s Uo mor* - ■'■-";■ -.
TURPENTINE— Is higher"- again •at 57c In
cases, .-,4 c in wooden barrels and 52c per gallon
in Iron tanks.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT ' MARKET.
Mutton has again advanced, as foreshadowed
on Saturday. Hogs are easy, but no lower.
Wholesale rates for . dressed stock from
ElaUKhterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6%@7c; second do, 6%©
Cc: third do, 4@sc per rb. • • .-■•
' «?- A , L Lar|fe •®64c:-. small. 7@Sc per lb. ■
ML TTON— Wethers. 10c; Ewes. 9@9%c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 12V*15c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4^C for large. 4Vi@4Hc
for small and 4< *« 4 % for medium; stock Hogs,
«@3Hc; dressed Hogs, 6@7c per Ib.
. . RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday. March 7. '.v/i:.
Flour, qr sks ... 25.623 Eggs, dox ....... 14.550
Barley, ctls 385 j Hay, tons ...... 563
Butter, ctls 179 : Straw, tons .... 35
Cheese, ctls 31 ■ Shorts, sks 25
Powder, car .... i Middlings, sks .. 300
Lime, bbls 162 j Bran, sks - 6.',0
Raisins, bxs .... 794 Onions, sks 59
Wine, gals 36,000 • Potatoes, sks ... 951
Hides, no 342 Beans, sks ...... 600
Leather, rolls .. 72 Lime, bbls 162
Pelts, bdls 270 ,
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 530 ; Potatoes, cks ... 248
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 400!
THE STOCK MARKET.
Changes in mining stocks were small and
few and trade was dull, usual.
Andes is assessed 5 cents.
The Potosl assessment falls delinquent in
board and the Alpha assessment In office to
day and the Chollar delinquent sale takes
place also.
The Dexter Mining: Company of Tuscarora,
New. has levied an assessment of 16 cents per
share, delinquent April 4. The assessment for
the month of February shows that the mill
turned out gold bullion of the value of $13,000.
It is understood that on April Ist the company
will begin the erection of an electric plant at
the De Frees spring, from which additional en
ergy will be obtained for milling, hoisting,
pumping and lighting.
The Le Roi Mining Company of British Co
lumbia declared another $60,000 dividend re
cently. This makes $800,000 paid In dividends
by that property.
The Pennsylvania Mining Company of Ne
vada County has declared the usual monthly
dividend of 5 cents per snare.
Weekly reports from the mines are as fol
lows:
Con. Cal. & Va.— 1650 level— From the north
drift skirting along the footwall from the in
cline upraise at a point 17S feet on the slope
above this level 300 feet in from its mouth, the
east crosscut has been advanced IS feat, pass
ing through porphyry showing narrow lines of
quartz asoaying $1 5u per ton; total length 7»
teet. I'rom the incline upraise No. 1 at a
point 112 above the sill floor of this level, the
south drift has been advanced 27 feet, passing
through porphyry streaked with quartz assay
ing il per ton; total length 28s feet. 1600
level— From Incline upraise No. 1, at a point
60 feet above the sill floor of this level, from
the south drift skirting along the footwall, at
a point 178 feet in from its mouth, from the
top of the upraise which has been carried up
4D feet from the south drift 100 feet in from its
mouth, the upraise has been carried up 14 feet,
passing through quartz assaying $1 and $4 per
ton; total height h 40 feet. From the old east
crosscut on the sill floor of this level, at a
point 93 feet In form Its mouth, the upraise
started from the north drtft 26 leet in from Its
mouth has been earned up 6 feet total height
21 feet; connected with the work downward
from the end of the northwest drift from the
upraise carried up 30 feet from the old east
croHSciu. From these two openings we have
extracted seven tons of ore assaying per mine
car sample $30 S6 per ton,
1750 level— On the eleventh floor north from
the top of the upraise from the north drift. 40
feet In from its mouth, the east drift has been
advanced 3 feet, passing through porphyry:
total length, 68 feet. From this drift at a point
26 feet in from its mouth a north drift has
been started and advanced 14 feet, passlntr
through porphyry and quartz assaying from $1
to $4 per ton. The total extraction of ore for
the week amounted to 7 tons, the average
assay value of which, per samples taken from
the cars when raised to the surface, was $30 09
per ton. We also extracted from the 1650 level
24 tons of low grade ore, the average assay
value of which, per samples from taken from
cars when raised to the surface, was $10 46 per
ton.
In the Ophlr mine, on the 1000 level, west
crosscut No. 3 is in 938 feet; the face is in por
phyry showing clay and narrow seams of vein
matter assayinK 50 cents per ton. In the old
Central tunnel workings of the Ophir, from
the sill floor from the west crosscut from the
Mexican shaft, started at a point 225 feet in
from its mouth, the crosscut has been extended
10 feet through porphyry mixed with quartz
assaying nominally; total length, 452 feet.
In the Sierra Nevada mine work in the face
of the Rlley tunnel was resumed and It has
been advanced during the 'week 15 feet; total
length, 757 feet; face in porphyry with seams
of quartz through it. Have completed the
chute In the raise and are easing the timbers
In the tunnel. Are moving the ore house from
ihe Layton tunnel to the Rlley tunnel. When
it is moved and in place they will resume work
In the raise. On the 900-foot level of the
Union shaft workings of the Sierra Nevada the
north lateral drift has been extended during
the week 20 feet; total length. 535 feet north
from Sierra Nevada shaft: face In porphyry.
Brunswick lode. Consolidated California "and
Virginia, Best & Belcher and Gould & Curry —
600-foot level — West crosscut No. 1 started In
south drift 420 feet from the shaft station haa
been advanced 14 feet; total length. 306 feet;
face in porphyry. The Joint south drift from
the station was advanced 30 feet; total length,
533 feet: face In porphyry and stringers of
quartz. The shaft has been punk 10 feet on the
incline; total depth, 827 feet; bottom in por
pliyry.
Chollar Incline shaft No. 1 -was advanced 16
feet; total depth. 1108 feet on the slope; bot
tom In porphyry. 300 level — The streaks of ore
between this level and the 200 level are ex
hausted, and they are now following a narrow
btit high grade seam of ore above the latter
level. They are doing the usual amount of re
pairing throughout the mine.
Potosl. 500-foot level— Shaft No. 1 has been
sunk 16 feet for the week and Is now down 1108
feet on the slope: bottom in porphyry. 600
level — The main south drift has been advanced
7 feet; total length from the north line. 193
feet: face in porphyry and quartz assaying low.
They have started east crosscut No. 1 from this
drift at a point 150 feet smith of the line: It la
out 15 feet In porphyry. Will start west cross
cut No. 1 opposite It this week.
Occidental Consolidated— The official letter for
the past week says: "SH level — West crosscut
No. l. started at a point In the lower tunnel
1300 feet from the mouth, has been driven 10
feet through hard porphyry; total length. HE
feet. 650 level — West crosscut No. 1. started
at a point 360 feet from the station, has hern
extended 17 feet through low grade quartz. The
main south drift haa been extended 20 feet
through fair (trade ore: total length. 914 feet.
750 level — The north drift from west crosscut
No. 1 han been extended 25 feet along the foot
wall of the v«>ln and Is showing seams of high
grade ore; total length. 43 feet."
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Sepsion.
POO Best & Belcher 33 500 Ophlr 43
200 Bullion 07 300 Overman 10
200 Chollar 33 >300 Snvage 22
100 Crown Point ... 141300 Union Con 34
100 Hale & Norcrs.l 45 1
Afternoon Session.
1400 Andes 10 200 Crown Point ... 14
200 Best & Belrher 31 500 ttould & Curry. IS
200 Bullion 08 100 Mexican 29
300 Caledonia 29 W Overman 10
800 Chollar 36 2<vi Pntosl 16
150 Con Col & Va.. •< >00 Utah io
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Best & Belcher 32 1600 GouJd & Curry. 18
100 Chollar 34 400 Hale & Norcrs.l 50
1300 3." 600 Mexican 30
200 36 300 Ophlr 44
200 Con Cal & Va.. SO ' 1«o Potosl 17
200 77 ' 300 Savage 23
200 Confidence 6C11500S B & M 04
100 65 .100 Sierra Nevada.. 96
1000 Crown Point .. 13i50D 97
Afternoon Session.
500 Best & Belcher. 31 200 Gould & Curry.. 18
100 Chollar 3i 400 Mexican 30
500 36 150 Ophlr 44
100 Con Cal & Va.. 7S 200 Potosi 17
100 77 j 100 Silver Hill 02
SOO Crown Point ... Hi
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE,
MONDAY, March 7—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— j Oakland Gas.. 49 52»A
4s quar coup.. 112 U3Vi|Pac Gas Imp.. 90V4 —
4a quar re«..U2fc — ]P»c L Co 64)4 66
<s quar new. ..125 - IS F G & E.... 90% 90%
Miscellaneous— - San Fran ..... 3% —
Cal-st Cab 65. 115% — Stock Ga5..... 10 — ;
Cal El 6s 126% — Insurance—' —
C C Wat 55. -.102% — Firem's Fund. l9s —
Dup-st ex c. — 98% Bank Stocks—
E L, & P 65..125U129 Anglo-Cal .... 65 70
F&Ch Rv 6s. — 117 Bank of Ca1. .247 250
Geary-et-R ss. — 102 Cal SD & T..100 1021*
H C & S 5%..105 — ! First Nat ....205 —
LA L Co 65.. — 100 |Lon P & A... 132*4 —
Do gntd 65. .100 101% Mer Kxohnße.. — 15 ■
Market-st 65..126>4— |Nev Nat 8...155 —
Do Ist M ss. 113 113% Savings Banks-
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 100 Ger S & L..1625 1665
N C Njrßy "5.102 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 65..111»4 — I Mutual Say. 35 40
N Ry Cal 55..102%103% S F Say U-. 4SO 405
NPC R R 65.104% — S& Li 50.... — 100
N P C Ry 55. 100% — Security S B 250 —
N Cal R 55..— — Union T Co. 1010
Oak Gas 55. ..104 — Street Railroad-
Do 2d Is 05. .111 — California ".'.... 105%110
Om Ry 6s 127%130 Geary ......... 40 —
P & O 6s 110 — Market-st .... 53% 34
P&Ch Ry 65.108% — ! Presidio 4T» — .
Powell-st 6s .. — 120 Powder—
Reno WL&L..IOO — California ....110 —
Sac Elecßyss. — 100 E Dynamite ..SO 90
S F & N P 55. 107 107 Vi Giant Con Co. *3% 43%
S P of Ar 65..103%104% Vlgorit 3% 3T4
S P Cal 65.... — 113 Miscellaneous—
SPC Is eg 55.. — 99% Al Pac Assn.. 93 99 ,
S.P Br 6s 112^ — Ger Ld Wks..loO 150 i
S V Wat 65. ..118 118% Hana P C 0... 20 —
S V Wat 45... 102% — HC & S Co.. 29% 30>4
Stock Gas 65.. — 103% Hutch S P Co. 43% 44
Water— |Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. — 65 Nat Vtn C 0... — 7%
Marln Co i .... 50 — Oceanic S Co. 56% 58 ■
Spring Val ...100 100% Pac A F L... 1% —
: Gas & Electric— Pac Bor C 0... 96% —
Cent Gaslight. 95% — Par Paint Co. 7 —
MEL C 0..... 13% — .
MORNING SESSION.
$1000 Spring Valley 6s Bonds 117 50
275 Hutchinson S P Co 40 00
55 S F Gas & Electric Co 90 75
100 S- F Gaslight 3 75
10 Spring Valley Water 191 01
$1000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 103 25
$5000 do do 103 00
Street—
$4000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 102 50
$4000 N P C R R 5s Bonds 100 50
AFTERNOON SESSION.
25 Alaska Packers' Association 98 00
5 Giant Powder Con 43 50
5 do do b3 43 50
5 do do 43 75
250 Hawaiian Commercial St Sugar 30 00
5 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 00
30 S F Ga« & Electric Co 90 75
120 do do 90 62>4
S5 do do b 3 90 75
$1000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 103 00
Street— •
$10,000 Market-street Cable Bonds 6s 127 Oil
$4000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 103 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session— lo:3o.
$2000 Spring Valley Water 4s 103 75
10 S F Gas & Electric, s 30 90 75
20 do do 90 874
10 do do 9100
Street—
10 Market-street Railway Co 54 00
Afternoon Session.
$2000 Spring Valley Water 4s 103 25
$2000 Spring Valley Water 6s 117 37^4
10 S F Gas & Electric 90 62>4
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. March 7—4 p. m.
Alpha 08 09 Justice — 30
Alta 15 16 Kentuck 02 03
Andes 09 10 ! Lady Wash ... — 03
Belcher 23 24 ' Mexican 28 30
Best & Belchr. 30 32! Occidental 155 —
Bullion 08 09jOphlr 44 45
Caledonia 28 2J I Overman 10 11
Chollar 35 37 Potosl 16 17
Con Cal & Va. 76 77 Savage 23 24
Challenge 25 39 Seg Belcher ..03 05
Con Imperial.. — 01 (Scorpion — 06
Crown Point .. 13 14 j Sierra Nevada. 96 98
Con New York. — 03 ISilver Hill .... — 02
Eureka — 25 Syndicate 01 05
Exchequer .... 54 06 Standard 155 —
Gould & Curry. IS 19 Union Con 33 34
Hale & Norcrs. —150 Utah 09 U
Julia 01 03 Yellow Jacket. 23 24
■ m ■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Olive J. Clark, Mary E. Pleasant, Eastern &
Eldrldge and Peter Tautphaus (by R. I.
Whelan, sheriff) to Lucius L. Solomons, lot on
N line of Sutter street, 137:6 W or Octavia, W
77:6, N 137:6, E 39:9, N. 187:6. E 37:8, S 275;
$13,466.
Delia Beretta to Angelo Beretta, lot on NW
corner of Sacramento and Steiner streets, W
31:9 by N 103; $10.
Angelo Beretta to Letitia Beretta. same; 410.
Letitia Beretta to John Bulotti. same; $10.
George L. and Mary E. Carroll to Gertrude
M. O'Brien, lot on E line of Devisadero street,
75 N of McAllister. N 20 by E 100; $10.
William and Josephine A. Cummings to
Henry Esberg, lot on E line of Mission street,
6S N* of Eighteenth, N 23 by E 100; $10.
P. H. Kenny to Katie E. Matthews, lot on
SW corner of Twenty-first and Church streets,
W 152 :S by S 114; also lot on SW corner of Lon
don street and France avenue. S 300 by W 100,
lots 7 and 8, block 6, Excelsior Homestead As
sociation; gift.
Patrick and Mary E. O' Bryan to Henry O.
Ramsey, lot on S line of Day street, 205 E of
Sanchez, E 25 by S 114; $10.
Frances A. Aitcbison (wife of John) to David
L. Farnsworth, lot on W line of Sanchez street.
64 N of Army, N 50 by W 110, quitclaim deed;
$io. p
David L. and Fannie P. Farnsworth to Jere
miah and Margaret Crowley, same; $10.
Mary Keegan (wife of James) to Mary Clif
ford (wife of Jeremiah J.), lot on N line of
Clipper street, 152:6 W of Sanchez, W 26:1 by
N 114; $10.
Francois and Mary Curdy to Edward J. Le
Breton, lot on XE corner of Sacramento and
Dupont streets, E 46:9 by N 55; $10.
Patrick J. Horan to Mary Horan, all prop
erty, real and personal, at 858 Mission street
and 741 Howard; also all property which he
may now or hereafter possess; gift.
William D. and Rosa J. Thomas to Florlnda
Thomas, lot on E line of Vermont street, 100 S
of Twenty-fourth (Sonoma). S 25 by E 200; also
lot on W line of Kansas street, 274:9 W from
the N line of Yolo or Twenty-fifth. N 0:3 by
W 100; also lot on S line of Day stret, 230 W of
Church W 25 by S 114; also lot on N line of
Shields' street, 25 E of Ford, E 50 by N 100.
block IS. City Land Association; $1.
Maud H. Wieland to Annie H. Cantin, lot on
W line of Rhode Island street. 50 N of Yolo. N
50 W 75, N 100, W 25, S 150, E 100; also lot on
S line of Vlsitacion street, 136 E of Mllllken,
E 136 by S 276, lot 39, Visitaclon Valley Home
stead; $10.
Virginia Nlppert to Virginia M. and Augustus :
Nlppert and Lucie D. Dlttmann (wife of Emil). j
loi on W line of Third avenue. 225 S of Cali
fornia street south, S 25 by W 120; gift.
Estate of Owen Clements (by A. C. Fresse,
administrator) to W. C. Billington. lot on X
line of Eighth avenue, 75 S of Clement street, i
S 25 by E 120; $650.
Clinton M. Hardman to Isabella A. Hard
man lot on W line of Eleventh avenue. 100 N
of X street, N 25 by W 120: $1.
P C Petersen to E. H. Rasmussen. undi
vided half of lot on E line of Eighth avenue,
100 S of I street. S 50 by E 120; $10.
John G and Katherine J. Doering to Alvin j
C and Elizabeth A. Sercander, on SW line of
Seventh avenue south. 60 NW of X street. NW
30 SW 100. block 141, Central Park Homestead;
Martin to John Nielson, lot on E line
of Porter street. 12.1 N of Benton, N 25 by E
70 lot SS, Hollidav map A; $10.
Sunnyside Land Company and California
Title Insurance and Trust Company to Abe
and Sarah Goodman, lot 35, block 48. Sunny
9 Sunnyside Land Company and California
Title Insurance and Trust Company to Abe
and Sarah Goodman. SW corner of lot 35. block
48 S 171 to Circular avenue. NE 2R. N 7:2 1 4.
W 25, being a portion of lot 28, block 48. Sunny-
Slde: $1 °- ALAMEDA COUNTY.
- F W - Fry to Nancy A. and Samuel Stev
ens! lot' on N line of Fifteenth street, 150 E of
Campbell. E 25 by N 62:6, being the E half of
I lot 36, block 727-A. Oakland: $10. " "■
! G H. and Rosa E. Mayhew to J. M. Bart
i lett lot on N line of First avenue. 500 E of
1 Summer street. E 33 by N 100 being lot 11.
Locksley Square Tract, Oakland Annex: $10.
Willis M. and Effle M. Brown to Eliza, J.
! McChesney (wife of H. N.). lot on NE line of
Fast Twenty-fourth street. 140 NW of Eleventh
avenue, NW 60 by NE 150. block 149. Clinton.
• East Oakland: $10.
William H. Knight (administrator of estate
j n« •u.uojg 'X BIIUAI 'o% (auittj O qnuußH to
1 Interest In lot on NE line of East Twenty-fourth
street 140 NW of Eleventh avenue, NW 60 by
NF 150 block 140. same. East Oakland; $1800.
I James R. Maxwell to Peter Qulnn. lot on N
i line of Russell street, 275 W of Fulton. W 50
j by N134:6, being lot 29. block H. map of south-
I crn portion of Blake estate. Berkeley; $10.
R - W. and Annie E. - Sears ; to K. L. Fitz
1 (wife of G. I L.), lot on W line of California
I street 116.48 S of Bancroft way. S 50 by W
' 129 25 block -4.' Spauldlng ' Tract, subject ■to
| mortgage,' quitclaim deed. Berkeley; $1 '
George H. .Hart to same, lot 3, block C,
Roonev Tract. Berkeley: $10. -
Almon B. and Sarah B. Dixon to Chlo Der
ickson lot on : W line of Adeline street. 144:4
8 of Falrview. W 148:6. S 40.55. E to W line of
Adeline. N 45 to beglnlng. Berkeley: also lot
on NW corner of Fair-view and Hooper streets,
N 100 by W 50. Berkeley: gift.
Frank - C and Nina Watson to A. Jacobs,
lot on line of Snyder avenue. ' 200 W of San
Pablo," W 25 by N 118.5. being lot 2. blockA-178.
j map subdivision of lot I.' and S. half of lot*,
corrected map of Snyder Homestead Tract.
Berkeley: $10.
Mary 3- Moss, Jessie E. and Perry H.
Auseon. " Lulu S. and .William -L. Taylor, to
Ellen Carroll, lot 25. block G.- Amended Map of
Moss Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
- Same ■to L Kate - Bowen, t lots, -■ block IT, ' same,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Same to James Bowen. ' lot '4, ■ block .U. same.
Brooklyn Township; $10 ; ■ •
- James , Bowen ■ to Catherine ■ Bowen, , same,
Brooklyn Township; $10. ' .  ..-."■- . ;-■ • • ■
Mary J. Moss. Jessie E. and Perry H. Ause
on. Lulu S. and William L. Taylor to John Me-
Gee. lots 8 and 9. block U, lot 3, block V, same,
Brooklyn Township; $10. ; r .
John McGee ;to Agnes McGce. . same. Brook
lyn Township: Rift. ■•'• f . ~ ..'-'■
Arthur R. ; and "Alice •J. ■ Wilson to Leo C.
Williams, lots 36 and 37. block 24, > North "Ala
meda'Trnet. I "'East Oakland: $10 ■ " ' -'
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Of lice, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality , and
free of expense. .--..-. .«>s;J..ogaG&as^ikfr|Bek*§**S3
; - Navigators : ax* cordially Invited to ■ rtalt th« J
office, where complete sets of charts an* sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of tntertst to commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutea befora
noon and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received eacb day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mar«
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball wai
dropped on time or giving the error. X any. ia
published the same day by the aft#rooon
paper*, and by the morn Ins: papers the fol!c»-'
Ing day. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. V. 8. N- In chargo.
THE CALL a'-^ENDAR.
March. 1898.
.Mo
i
6 T
13 14
20 21
*7 | 23
!Tu.
1
S
I » i
We Th.
2 3
9 10
16 17
\23 24
30 31
Fr
4
Sa.
5
12
1,/3-Last Quarter
V& Mar.
! j^-v New Moon,
i \£) Mar. 22.
Moon's PhMea.
Mar 8.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Coos Bay . ... Newport
State ot Cai Portiana
Crescent City. Crescent City
Zealandla Honolulu
City Puebia.. . Victoria and Puiret Sound
Empire „ 'Coos Bay
Weeott jHuinboldt
Humboldt. 'Alaska
Moana ISvdney
Pomona. San Diero
Mackinaw Tacoma
Are.ita ... Coos Bay -
City of Sydney . Panama
North Porte ! lumnoidt
Wellington Departure Bay
WDiamette. .. Seattle
Coin m oia Portland
China China and Japan
Walla Walla... (Victoria and Pupet Sna.. .
Homer I Newport
Santa Rosa. |San Dleg-o
STEAMERS TO SAIL..
STKAMKB. I DEBTIX
Sails..
eapulco.. Panama I
ant;i Kosa S»d Die*0....l
omer Hurnboldt — I
ulton Alaska j
nzaba.. .. Mexico
oom Bay . . Newport
iate of Cal Portland
,'eeott Humbldt 83y. ;
oinona san Diegro |
iumooldt. Alaska
ealandia.. ! Sydney
iorlc ■Chlna&Japan.
ity Puebla I Vie & P*t Sna ,
,rcat;i j Coos Bay i
olumDia. IPortlana I
unoa Humboldt ,
onh Fork Humboloi — I
Mar 8. VI M
I Mar S. 11 am
I Mar 9. 10 AM
Mar V ..
Mar 10. 10 am
Mar 10. >» am!
Mar Hi. 10 AM
Mar 11, »am
| Mar IS. 11 am
Mar 12
Mar 12. 2 pm
Mar 12. 1 pm
,Mar 12. 10 am
! Mar 13. 10 am
! Mar H. 10 am
Mar 14
I Mar l.>. 1 pm
Pier M
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 21
Pier t|
Pier 11
y
I Pier 7
!PM S3
Pier a
Pier 13
jPler 21
I Pier" '»
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point Entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by Official Authority of th»
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MABCH-IS'JS.
Tuesday. March 8.
rises «:
sets 6:
n rises P-
I Time | Feet Pe et TJj^i'peet
I LW| H vv! L W!
Feet
5:11
5:54
H W
1.6
Li
5.2
5.H
5.4
11:18
12:Uti
L W
6:3S
7:24
8:22
o. i ; * : *.*
5.1 6:24
5.0 6:01
U W
0.7 1 :00
0.4 2:00
0.2 3:09
- U. 4 11i.,'
0.8 1i:52
1.2
L W
4.!< 6:8»
4.5 7:19
4.1 8:02
o!s
NOTE. — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column gives the second tide of.
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand i ilumn gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height*
given are additions to the soundings on the
United State* Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height
and then the number given is subtractlve froni
the der>th given by the charts.
.THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, March
7, IS9B.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or at exactly 8 p. ni . Green
wich time. VST. 8. HIXJHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. JJ.. >n marge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, March T.
I Stmr Homer, Jessen, 28 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, 38 hours from Hu.i
i neme. m
i Stmr Crescent City, Stockfieth, 78 hours fniK
Grays Harbor.
Ship Charmer. : Holmes, 113 days from new
| York.
Bktn Willie R Hume, Brig-man, 8 days from
San Pedro.
Bktn Addenda, Delano, 53 days from Caleta
I Buena.
CLEARED.
Monday. March 7.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka; Charles
Nelson. ' ■ -
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San .' Diego;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Ship Glory. of the Seas. Freeman, Nanalmo;
R Dunsmuir Sons & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, March T.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. Eureka.
Whal stmr Wm Baylies, ' Devoll. whaling.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Parsons. ■ •••-«..
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund.
Schr Hattie I Phillips, Blackburn, Astoria.
Schr Nettie Low. Low. Point Reyes.
>',, : TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 7—lo p. m.— Weather,
thick; wind, calm. .
DOMESTIC PORTS. :
TATOOSH— Passed March 6— US stmr Oregon
from Seattle, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed March Schr Lucy, for
Umpqua.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived March Stmr La
guna. hence March 4.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed March 7— Stm Whites
boro, for Port Harford. ■ •
• SEATTLE— Arrived March 7— Stmr "Alliance,
from Copper River.
TATOOSH — Passed March . 7 — Stmr Mackinaw
from Tacoma. for San Francisco.
COOS BAT— Sailed March Stmr Empire,
for San Francisco.
t'MPQUA— Arrived March 4— Schr Sadie, fm
San Pedro.
Sailed March s— Schr Lily, for San Fran-
C VENTURA— March 7— Stmr George
Loomls. for San Francisco. .
NEWPORT— March 7— Stmr West
port, from Fort Bragg; stmr Samoa, hence
tsTORIA— Arrived March 7— Br ship Zlnita,
fr Saile^ C March 7-Schr Rio Rey. for Siuslaw .
River; Br schr Hatzlc, for : stmr Oregon. \
f°NEWPbRT-Salledf °NEWPbRT-Salled March Stmr Samoa,
for San Diego. STERN' PORTS. •
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— Cleared March s— Stmr
Ohio, for San Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
GENOA— Arrived March 7— Stmr Fulda. -. fm
I N LIVERPOOL— Arrived March 7-Stmr Cep
h H° "i?BURG- B Arri O ved March 7-Stmr Furst
B1 G m ASG6w2- l Arrlv^ M°arch 7-Stmr Romania
fr N^W hl YOR?: h - a Salled March 7-Stmr Cuflc.
fo Ar^!ved P v 7— Stmr Mtnnewaska. from
London: stmr Peninsula, from London.
MARSEILLES-Sailed March 5-Sunr Britan
"'ANTWERP-Arr'ived March 6— Stmr Berlin.
fr oTBRALTAR-Arrlved March 7- Stmr Ems,
rom New FOREIGP j PORTS.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Arrived March 6— Baric
General Falrchild. from Adelaide, to load for
DUNKIRK-Arrived March 4-Br ship '- Ken
81n pAR\ISO - Arrived Jan 30-Schr Tho.
a x£*u« from New Haven, for San Francisco.
PISAGUA-^ln Port Feb 4-Br ship Auldgirth.
QjEENSTOWN-Salled March 5-Br = ship
*%sg£vßM\£ : March 4-Br ship SamarI
"sWANSTEA-Satled March 4-Br ship Euphre-
By^W?ASTLE L °NSW ; -lalled March S-Schr
King Cyrus, for Honolulu. ■■
SWISS-AMERICAN BANK
'■'■-' Of Locarno. • Switzerland. ■ and
CALIFORNIA MORTGAGE & SAVINGS BANK,
514 Montgomery street. San Francisco.
Paid up'capitar and ,reserves.:........ ; .J620 000
A General Savings and Commercial Banking ,
business transacted. . . ■ ' :V A
Interest paid on -savings deposits. *l
Loans . on approved real estate security and *?•
on commercial £I^^ *; ■ . ; .
..--.;.■: DIRECTORS: ■-,
Ernst A. Denicke, -, A. Sbarboro. J. . C. . Rued.
E. Martinonl. F. C. ■ Slebe, A. Tognazzlnl. ,H.
Brunner. " McD. \R. Venable, ;A. G. - Wleland.
F. Kronenberg, Chas. Martin, C. Gehrat. P.
Togtm«inl, 8. Orandl, G. Hottaxul.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
DROVE A KNIFE
IN HIS HEART
Jackson Deering Could
Not Endure His Suf
fering.
A Successful Merchant Found
Dead in the Rear of
His Store.
Left a Brief Note Which Robs the
Tragedy of All Element of
Mystery.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, IVlarch 7.
When Fred Curtiss and D. Ma^donaid
went to the store of Jackson Deering
this morning they found it locked, and
on looking through the glass door they
saw the dead body of their employer
lying on the floor in the rear with a
dagger in his heart.
J. Deering was the proprietor of a
gents' furnishing store on San Pablo
avenue, near the City Hall. He had
always been moderately prosperous and
his business required the services of
-.-istants. For some months Jack
son complained of the pressure on
his brain. He suffered from se
vere pains in the head, but had not
. any indication of a desire to end
hs life The following little note left
in his coat pocket shows plainly that
Jackson knew what he was doing
when he plunged the weapon into his
heart:
Sunday, March 7.
I am suffering with terrible brain
pressure, almost at times unendurable.
The Lord help me.
JACK DEERING.
Last evening Deering visited his rela
tives at Golden Gate. The family of
his brother-in-law, M. Thompson, saw
nothing unusual about him, and he left
at an early hour. On his return to
his store he purchased one ounce of
laudanum at Maclise's drug store. He
signed the register and the empty vial,
properly labeled, was found in his room
this morning. As nearly as can be
learned, Deering went to his living
apartments, which are in the- rear of
the store, and drank the laudanum, af
ter which he took a knife
about twelve inches long and plunged
it into his body below the heart, at an
angle that insured the blade reaching
a vital spot. Such a wound would be
almost instantly fata!, and when found
this morning the knife was not entire
ly free of the wound.
< urtiss and Macdonald, on seeing
Deering, forced an opening to the store
und the police were summoned. Deer
ing had been dead several hours, and
was removed to the Morgue. The dead
•man was single and about 40 years of
He has a brother living in San
Francisco and another in Fresno. He
'»-en engaged in business here for
some years, and was a very steady,
thrifty merchant.
» ♦ ■
NEED OF AN ENDOWED THEATER
Professor L,jle Declares It Would '.
Elevate the Standard of the
Drama.
BERKELEY, March 7.— Professor Louis
Dv Pont Lyle of the English department
of the university, in a lecture this after
noon on "The Advantages and Desirabil
,ity of an Endowed Theater," declared
if there were in the various large
cities of America theaters endowed By the
munificence of the wealthy, such as many
universities now are, there would be a
great improvement in the character of the
drama.
"More standard classical dramas would
be seen upon the stage," he declared,
"and there would be fewer plays of the
present prevailing type, which consists of
a series of unreal situations and alms at
merely dollars and cents.
"At present there is no tendency of the
stage to elevate popular taste. Plays are
written merely to suit some particular
star. Jn the United States less attention
is paid to Shakespeare than in Germany,
and the lack of an endowed theater in
America is largely responsible for this.
Shakespearean plays are staged in Ger
many which we never see produced here;
for in America no play takes unless it
have sufficient of the spectacular in It.
"For political reasons a theater en
dowed by municipal or State funds would
be impossible. If the same liberality were
shown by wealthy men in the endowment
of theaters as has been recently shown in
the endowment of colleges such a theater
would be a possibility. A $600,000 endow
ment would be sufficient to establish and
maintain une.''
LONG RIDE FOR A NICKEL.
From Oakland to Alameda and Re-
turn for One Fare.
ALAMEDA, March 7.— The fact was de
veloped yesterday that by the recent
changes in the electric car service be
tween this city and Oakland residents of
the last named city could pay a visit to
Alameda and return home for a. single
fare, instead of the double fare that it
lias hitherto cost them. Instead of run
ning cars continuously and having each
one make the round trip from Oakland
to Alameda, the corner of Park street
and Santa Clara avenue is made the ter
minus, and cars run In both directions
from there to Oakland and return, while
transfers are given at the point named.
By this system a passenger can leave
Seventh and Broadway and come to Ala
meda by way of Webster street and
Santa Clara avenue, paying v cent 9. At
the corner of Park street he can take a
transfer and then ride back to Oakland
by way of Twenty-third avenue, reach
ing Eleventh and Washington. A fieat
many people enjoyed the long ride for a
nickel yesterday, hut it is probable that
the company will devise some means to
prevent it in tne future.
Adams Jlinors Demand Damages.
OAKLAND, March - 7.— The Southern
Pacific Railroad Company and the Pacific
Improvement Company were to-day sued
for $20,000 damages for the death of Albert
J. H. Adams. He was crushed on the
morning of December 11 last In a, collision
between two switch engines. The plaint
iffs are the minor brothers and sisters of
the deceased,, whom he was supporting.
They are Leonard, Rowland O. and.Ar
thur A. Adams, aged 18, 16 and 15 years
respectively; they sue through their
guardian, Ethel P. Adams. ■ These are
Joined by Grace H. Ellison and Adeline L.
Heaner, the deceased's two married sis
ters, and their husbands. It is alleged
that the engine causing the accident was
handled by only one man ana that he was
in the employ of the Pacific Improvement-
Company.  •• . :
» m • " ; . ■ '
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, March 7.— Professor Hil
f;ard of the agricultural department has
ust received from Dr. L. Trabut, director
of the botani<-al garden at Algiers, North
Africa, a dozen cuttings of a new tree,
tamarix orientalls. which grows on the
deserts of North Africa. The tumarix is
a valuable timber and ornamental tree
and the department will experiment with
it on the Mojave and Colorado deserts.
The following football players met this
afternoon at the gymnasium, listened to a
few remarks by Coach Cochran and
signed the roll for the coming season:
McCabe, Thane. Hopper, Wolf. Kerfoot,
Morgan, Allen, Specht, Mehlman, Tarpey,
Bartlett, Greisberg, Ely, Burke, Kaars
berg, Ellis, Hall, Powers, Masters, Horn
lein, Hughes. Haskins, Craig, Whipple,
i'rlngle and Hooper.
EXPERT BROWN
ON THE RACK
Contractors Assert His
Report Is Not Cor
rect.
County Bridge Matter Again
Reopened Before the
Supervisors.
Johnson and Peterson Claim to Have
Been Grossly Misrepre
sented.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 7.
There is much dissatisfaction among :
some of the firms who bid upon the
plans for building the. new . county |
bridge at Webster street. The trouble \
is over the figuring of Expert Brown
and his report is challenged, by Peter
son & Johnson and by the San Francis-: j
co Bridge Company. This morning. the.
Supervisors met and Mr. Peterson was
present and stated his grievance. •
The report of Expert Brown recom
mended that the plans of Johnson & \
Peterson and those of the San Francis- i
co Bridge Company be sent back, as
they did not fulfill the requirements. i
He also recommended that the plans of ■
Cotton Brothers be accepted. Last week
final action was about to be taken when
Chairman Talcott succeeded in having
the matter postponed till to-day. The j
bridge company's man was on hand and
declined to discuss the matter, merely \
demanding that his check and plans be j
returned.
Mr. Peterson, however, was not so
delicate. "We claim," he said, "that ;
we have been grossly misrepresented |
by the board and we want a hearing.
We understand,- as Mr. Brown told us
so himself, that he had a man to figure
upon the strain - sheets, and we assert
that we have been misrepresented in ■
those figures, , Mr. Brown says there .
is a discrepancy between • our strain
sheets and our sections, and we claim
that they are correct. Our engineer is
as competent as Mr. Brown, and we be- ;
lieve that we have good grounds for (
complaint."
Mr. Peterson also claimed that there
had been a misunderstanding which
operated against his firm in regard to
the piling necessary to sustain the
weight of the span. • .
Supervisor Mitchell doubted very '
much if Mr. Brown had employed any
one to do the figuring for him, and Su
pervisor Church said it made no differ
ence, as Mr. Brown was alone, respon
sible for his figures,: - -.-; i *-,:-. ■■■-.'.
After further discussion the matter j
was postponed till to-morrow morning/.
The expert will then meet with the Su- \
pervisors and the contractors and the \
plans will be carefully examined. .*,. •
The contract for the new bridge is a ;
large one and there is a keen contest'
for it. ■ • .-.■•■■■ ; •■• . • .»«• :
. — rr — ■ ♦ . • -' ••■ ;'; ' ' '
LOST IN THE FOG.
Adventures of a Student on the Red- |
' wood Canyon : Road. % "' .' ,-
OAKLAND, March 7.— George S. Evans, j
the missing Berkeley student, has. turned
up safe and sound. .. He walked several ;
miles more than he intended to when he !
bade his friends good-by, but h.6 is none ;
the worse for his experience. . '' ' V..V '.'.- i
Evans left a house in Berkeley where" j
he had been visiting late Saturday- night j
to return to Oakland, 1 and being over-;
taken by the dense fog that prevailed all j
night he lost his way. He traveled in a ■
wrong direction from the start, and soon : \
discovered his mistake. Instead of ap- i
■ proaching Oakland Evans headed unwit
tingly for Fruitvale. He soon found that
he was going nowhere m particular, but [
decided to keep on, as it was too cold to
think of resting.
Evans wandered about all night and got |
into Redwood canyon. He could only j
make slow progress, as in the darkness' :
and thick fog he did not know where he j
might land. When the tog lifted he was !
near Fruitvale and abou^ seven miles
from where he should have been. He ar- ',
rived home twelve hours late.
«♦ ■ ' '
CHOPPED ON THE WBIST.
i
Narrow Escape From a Fatality in a
Quarrel Between Two Men.
ALAMEDA, March 7.— T. H. Kearney
and Andrew Bangs are neighbors, one
living on Railroad avenue and the other
on Clement street. Both are dairymen
on a modest scale and both have been
staking cows on a vacant lot at the cor
ner of Eagle avenue and Mulberry street,
' where there is some good grass. While
■ the two men were putting their cows out j
this morning a dispute arose, winding up
with more than words. Kearney had an j
ax in his hand with which he had been
i driving Stakes, and when Bangs ap
: preached he aimed a blow with the
weapon directly at his head. Bangs in
the nick of time threw up his left arm
; and caught the blow on the wrist. The
blade of the ax penetrated it and severed
an artery, which bled profusely. Ban^s
at once had the wound dressed and then !
swore out a warrant for the arrest of his :
assailant.
Inherited a Small Fortune.
ALAMEDA. March 7.— Arthur Gale, a
young man of this city about 19 years old,
has just received information from To
ronto, Canada, that by the death of an
uncle in that place he has fallen heir to
a modest fortune of about $35,000. Young
Gale 19 a hard-working youth and is at
? resent employed as a clerk in Oakland.
Ie lives with his parents on Broadway.
The young man takes his good fortune
very coolly and says that he does not pro
; pose to "blow It in," but will invest It so
: that it will bring him an income.
A House With a Hoodoo.
ALAMEDA. March 7.— There is a house
being built on Webster street, near Santa |
\ Clara avenue, the men employed upon (
which think has a* hoodoo. Four of
■ these men have so far been injured while
! at work, and the house is not yet finished.
' One had an arm broken in two places,
i one has had three ribs broken and suf
! fered internal injuries besides, and two
others have had bad falls and sustained
[ painful bruises.
Alameda News Notss.
A fire in the old Bacon House on Fourth
avenue did a little damage this after
noon. It originated from the furnace.
A meeting of the People's party will be
held this evening at Liberty Hall, 1727
Minturn street.
The City Trustees will hold their regu
lar meeting this evening. The revised
license ordinance will come up for pas-
"sage. a..?--'-
A special service will be held at Christ
Church to-morrow evening under the au
spices of the Brotherhood of St. Andrew.
The St. Cecelia choir of fifty voices will
supply the music. ■■ ■- ■
Skaguay Weekly "Gold Fields."
OAKLAND. March 7.— With an adver
tising contract for $5000 with the San
Francisco Board of Trade Augustus
Muchmore of this city and C. C. Morrison
of San Francisco will sail Friday on the
Humboldt for Skaguay, Alaska, with a
complete plant for the publication of a
newspaper in that city. They expect to
clear about $25,000 the first year. The
new sheet will be known as the Gold
Fields, and will b"6 a weekly. Mr. Much
more Is well known here in fraternal and
business circles, being the vice-president
of the Jordan Printing Company.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 8, 1898.
IRRIGATION
IS BOOMING
One Result of the Dry
Season in the Salinas
Valley.
Thousands of Acres of Land
Will Be Made to Produce
Sugar Beets.
" An Example of Energy Unsurpassed
in California," Says Inspector
Shinn of Berkeley.
BERKELEY, March 7.— "This dry
year has had the one good effect of
turning the attention of agriculturists
to the importance of, irrigation," de
clared Inspector Charles H. Shinn of
the university experiment stations to
day. Mr. Shinn has just returned
from a visit to the Paso Robles ex
periment station, where the rainfall for
the season so far has been only 3.24
inches, as against 15 inches for last
year. "If the season continues dry,"
he said, "in order to carry orchard and
vineyard through, the trees and vines
will have to be pruned very closely
and the cultivation will have to be
very thorough. Every bit of moisture
will be needed, and I have instructed
the men to plow the ground a little at
a time, and harrow it immediately af
terward in order to keep the mois
ture.
'"At Kiners City, where I stopped on
my way back," continued the inspector,
"I saw an example of energy in the
matter of irrigation that has undoubt
edly never been surpassed even in our
wonderful California. Four or five
irrigating schemes had been projected
on various big ranches in the Salinas
Valley, but none of the schemes were
intended to be put into operation until
next year. As the winter has mostly
passed by with but little rain, how
ever, and the indications pointed to an
unusually dry season, preparations
were made on the Spreckels ranch to
irrigate immediately. In three weeks
they will have put in place an immense
centrifugal pump that cost $15,000, to
pump water from the Salinas River for
the purpose of irrigating the thousands
of acres of beet sugar land on. the
ranch. The work has necessitated tha
employment of hundreds of men, and
while prospects are disheartening in
agricultural regions all over the State
there is an unprecedented activity in
and about Kings City. Probably three
or four thousand dollars a week are
being spent in wages and a score of
new houses are being hurriedly erected
in the town.
"Mr- William Winterhalter, formerly
of the Agricultural Department staff
here at the university, has been placed
in 'charge of the Spreckels ranch as
superintendent. With this vast irri
gating project to be rushed through, in
addition to looking after the two
ranches and the dairy and stock farm,
he is kept on the rush. As soon us
the water is got on the land the plow
ing will commence. Two immense steam
plows have been recently purchased for
the ranch. The big traction engines
were too heavy to go over the county
bridges between Salinas and Paso Ro
bles, so they had to be forwarded by
rail. The beet sugar industry in the
Salinas Valley, as well as everywhere
else that it has been tried in Cali
fornia, is having a wonderfully rapid
and successful development."
Inspector Shinn believes that the Sa
linas Valley offers the greatest oppor
tunities for irrigation to be found in the
State. "The Salinas River would sup
ply water enough to amply irrigate the
whole Salinas Valley, which is nearly
100 miles long and averages in width
from three to fifteen miles. Most of the
soil is admirably adapted to beet rais
ing. I have seen land in the valley cov
ered with alluvial soil sixty feet deep.
All it wants is water. The supply of
water is inexhaustible, and if irrigation
facilities were sufficiently developed the
whole valley between Bradley and Sa
linas, seventy-five' miles in extent,
could be watered. The elevation at
Bradley is 539 feet and at Salinas 44
feet. If the water were pumped to the
higher elevations at the sides of the
valley near Bradley nearly all of the
valley clear down to Salinas could be
used for raising beets. The possibili
ties of the Salinas Valley are simply
wonderful.
"Without a doubt there will be a
great development in transportation fa
cilities in that region. A narrow-gauge
road now extends from Watsonville,
where the Spreckels beet sugar factory
is situated, to Salinas. To my mind it
is only a question of time when the
road will be pushed on up the valley so
as to take in Soledad and Kings City.
"Next Saturday a farmers' institute
will be held at Soledad, where the Sal
vation Army settlement ha,s been es
tablished. Miss Mary McLean, who
-was formerly a student in the agri
cultural department at Berkeley and
is now one of the leaders in the Salva
tion Army colony, will conduct the
meeting. Professor Jaffa will go down
from Berkeley and Superintendent
Winterhalter of the Spreckels ranch
will take an active part. Beet sugar
raising and irrigation will be given par
ticular attention."
That Death Curve.
OAKLAND. March 7.— Attorney O. W.
Baker appeared before the City Council
to-night in regard to the franchise sought
by the Southern Pacific Company so as
to enable it to build the bridge ordered
by the War Department at the foot of
Harrison street. He rather surprised the
Council by saying that the violent oppo
sition of Messrs. Davie, Doane and Cam
eron, which was made, so apparent two
weeks ago, had been appe&aed. He further
stated that the block bought by the com
pany at First. Second, Harrison and Web
ster streets would be kept open by the
company so that there would be a clear
view across it. He also proceeded to
show on the blackboard that such a fran
chise would not create a death trap.
Mr. Rowe moved that the offer of Mr.
Baker be put in the ordinance and it was
sent to the committee to be so amended.
Fall of a Meteorite.
OAKLAND, March 7.— The discovery of
what is believed to be a meteorite is re
ported by Messrs. Daniel Auseon and
Fred Hoyte of Elmhurst. The find is the
center of attraction at Elmhurst, where
the former gentleman lives. Last Friday
night, about 10 o'clock, the gentlemen
named were returning- to the power-house
at Elmhurst from th-Mr last run as mo
torman and conductor of one of the Hay
wards electric cars. When about half
way between Baker avenue and Fitch-
burg Motorman Au:seon, who was sitting
down, noticed what he supposed was a
falling star. AfteV half an hour's hunt
Hoyte picked up a hard, burnt-looking
ball, about the size of his fist, round as
a ball, except where a side seemed to
have been brokea off.
Must Have Been Murder.
OAKLAND, March 7.— A male infant's
body was picked up In the bay off the
Alameda mole yesterday by H. Anderson
of 360 Second street and was turned over
to the Coroner. An autopsy showed that
the child had been alive. It was well
dressed, but there was not the least
means of identification.
LABOR FIGHT
IN BERKELEY
Union Printers Strike
Against a Change in
Wages.
Youthful Paper Carriers Join
the Typos in the
Walkout.
Union Men Will Hold a Mass Meet
ing in the College Town Next
Wednesday.
BERKELEY, March 7.— The union
printers of Berkeley are out on strike
against a proposed change in their
schedule of wages.
Both the daily papers— the World and
the Gazette — are Involved, as are also
the two college papers— the Californian
and the Occident. Eleven of the em
ployes of the Gazette and World re
fused to go to work this morning and
this evening the carriers of the World,
all of them youngsters of less than 15
years, resolved to go out with the com
positdrs, and refused to deliver the
papers.
The strikers were called out by Oak
land Typographical Union, which they
recently Joined in a body. The old rate
of wages before Berkeley was "union
ized" was from $7 to $9 a week. The
union rate was $16 a week. The strik
ers claim that the new scale means a
reduction to $10 and $12 a week, but the
proprietors <>f the papers claim that
there has been no material reduction
made, that they merely propose a
change from raying by piecework rates
to paying by the day.
The striking printers are ten in
number three of them being women.
They allege that the World and Ga
zette have combined to reduce wages,
and in support of their contention
state that both papers are printed
from the same type, the headings only
being changed. The proprietors who
are said to have joined the combine
are S Borkbeim and Louis Borkheim
of the Gazette and W. E. Sell and F.
M Marquand of the World. District
Organizer J. J- Galvin of the Interna
tional Typographical Union, who tried
in vain to effect a compromise, de
clares that the union will conduct a
vigorous and gentlemanly fight to pro
tect the members.
A mass-meeting will be held in Shat
tuck Hall next Wednesday evening
under the auspices of the Federated
Trades of Alameda County. James H.
Barry, J. J. Galvin, Ed Rosenberg
and others will make addresses.
Louis I-torkheim. manager of the Ga
zette, stated this evening that the
places of the strikers had been filled
without any trouble. He said: "The
proposed change made very little re
duction in the wages of the men, who
would have received 60 per cent more
than they used to get before the town
was unionize,]. The fact of the matter
is that the men did not go out of their
own accord, but were ordered out by
the Oakland men. The Berkeley men
Joined the union recently and are not
yet entitled to vote. They were com
pelled, without having any say in the
matter, to quit their jobs.
"We shall continue to get out the
papers as usual. We Tiave no fear as
to the outcome of the affair and the
men will find that we can stand it just
as long as they can."
In the meantime the men are confi
dent of winning their fight, which the
union conpiders an entirely just one.
■ ♦ .
GIVEN'S MORTGAGE INVALID.
Secured Through Fear and Compul
sion to Protect the Prisoner.
OAKLAND, March 7. -Judge Hall to-
| day refused to set aside the submission
! of the suit to cancel a mortgage executed
! by Mrs. Given to secure to her husband
immunity from prosecution for forging
■ her name to a note. This is a victory for
the widow, after a long and bitterly con
tested trial, in which numerous affidavits
I and depositions were introduced. The
court instructed the attorney to strike
Mrs. Given's name from the note and can
cel the mortgage.
"The original note and mortgage," the
court continued, "are void, as they were
Becured through fear and compulsion. The
law does not permit one to make traffic
of crime, and in this matter 1 am satis
fled Mr. Given committed forgery. It was
not said in the contract, but it was an es
sential element that if Mrs. Given would
make this note and mortgage her hus
band should not be prosecuted for his
crime.
"The defendant Morris must therefore
submit to his loss despite the fact that ho
loaned hip money In good faith. He, how
ever, allowed the note to run until about
outlawed before he presented It to or
called Mrs. Given's attention to it. No
principal or interest was ever paid. He
i was no worse off before he secured Mrs.
Given's security than he is now, as Mrs.
Given had nothing, so nothing is lost by
the change."
Oakland News Notes.
OAKLAND, March 7.— Dr. J. M. Shan
non, whose skull was crushed last Satur
day evening 1 , regained consciousness to
day, and the attending physicians now
have every hope of his speedy recovery.
John M. Heinbold, the Webster-street
saloon-keeper, to-day filed a suit for a di
vorce from his wife, Christina Marie
Heinbold. charging her with desertion.
He recently published a notice stating
that ho would not be resposible for any
indebted ness incurred by her.
T. M. Stine, a Southern Pacific railway
employe. Hied a petition of insolvency to
day. His liabilities are placed at $867 20,
with assets of $50, which Is claimed as ex
empt.
Ex-Judge Fred Adams has failed with
liabilities amounting to $2(5,657 79 and with
no assets. He is a well-known veteran of
th" late war, and formerly resided at San
Luis Obispo, where he once owned con
siderable property.
The Board of Supervisors will meet as
a committee of the whole to-morrow
morning at 9 o'clock to discuss the Web
ster-street bridge plans.
WOEKING FOR GOOD ROADS.
What the State League Has Been
Doing During the Past Year.
A meeting of the directors of the Cali
fornia Goodroads League will be held this
morning In the office in the Mills building.
Since its organization the league has been
working quietly, but nevertheless its ef
forts have been far reaching.
Within the last year the league has been
very busy reaching out into the country
interesting some of the best citizens in
the State in the work in hand and con
templated. It is the wish of the leaders
to have at least one responsible man in
every town who will take up the work of
organizing minor leagues with the ulti
mate view of accomplishing the objects of
the league.
A press bureau has been organized to
be under the direct supervision of the
league, with F. I. Vassault as chairman,
the idea being that it will prepare for
publication two articles per month and
forward them to the country papers. Al
ready two articles have been published
editorially by the entire country press.
In ' Russia it Is the custom of duelists
to breakfast together before going out
to fight.
The fee-simile yn& s/tfjir"'^^^ is on every wrapper
signature of Qt*//ffi&£%ik of CASTORIA.
TRAFFIC RATES
DROP AGAIN
The Canadian Pacific Is
Cutting Fares Still
Lower.
Fifteen Dollars Second Class
From San Francisco to
St. Paul.
Passenger Agent Goodman Tells
Why the Southern Pacific Does
Not Fall in Line.
The Canadian Pacific has made a new
move in the railroad game of freezeout.
It has given notice that commencing
to-morrow it will make a new cut of
$5 on second class rates from San Fran
cisco and Puget Sound ports to St.
Paul. This brings the second class fare
from this city to St. Paul down to the
$15 limit, which is $5 under the rate
now in existence on the American lines
from Portland to that city.
This does not mean a reduction on
the first class rate from here to St.
Paul, which remains $25, nor a cut on
the through rates from here to New-
York over the Canadian Pacific, which
are still $40 and $30, but it goes $5 un
der the rates on any of the northern
lines from the middle northwest coun
try.
Passenger Agent Goodman, speaking
of the situation, said:
"All this talk of the Southern Pacific
acting as a barrier to the prosperity of
the business of San Francisco by not
cutting things down is made by people
who do not thoroughly understand the
matter. We are getting our full pro
portion of the regular travel, and the
very slight increase of travel that would
result from a reduction of rates would
be of no material benefit to the city and
would not begin to pay us for the loss
we would sustain by the cut. We would
not only have to come down to the
level of the rates on the northern
lines, but would have to cut under
them $12 first class and $6 second class
in order to absorb the steamer rates
from here to Seattle.
"At the commencement of the rush
to Alaska the steamer rates from Se
attle to Dyea were $40 first class and $25
second class, and some talk was made ;
by the steamship companies of making
an $8 and $4 rate from here to Seattle.
Instead of doing that, however, they
tacked on an additional $10 to both j
first class and second class rates from I
Seattle, making them $50 and $35, and
increased the rate from San Francisco
to that place to $12 and $6. Now, if
they could carry passengers at a profit
at the original rate, all this additional
is a clear gain for them."
As things now stand the second rate
fare to Chicago over the Canadian Pa
cific is $11 50 added to $15, or $26 50,
while the first class fare remains $36 50
to that point and $40 to New York. The |
second class rate from here to New
York is still $30 on through travel.
TO PROTECT OUR
ALASKA TRADE
Amended Act of Congress to
Take Effect This
Month.
Penalty Has Been Raised From Two
Dollars to Tw6 Hundred Per
Passenger.
The attention of Collector Jackson has
been called to an act of Congress which
will go into effect on the 17th of the pres
ent month. The act is a very important
one. for It vitally affects, in the way of
protection, the commerce of the United
States by debarring foreign vessels from
competing with American vessels in car
rying passengers and freight for the
Klondike trade. The penalty, which for
carrying passengers was $2 per head, has
been increased to $200 per head, which
cannot fail to make the statute effective.
The act Is as follows:
Be it enacted (etc.) that no merchandise shall
be transported by water under penalty of for
feiture thereof from one port of the United
States to another port of the United States.
either directly or via a foreign port, or for any
part of the voyage in any other vessel than a
vessel of the United States. Hut this section
shall not be construed to prohibit the sailing
of any foreign vessel from one to another port
of the United States; provided, that no mer
chandise other than that Imported in such
vessel from some foreign port which shall not
have been unladen shall be carried from one
port or place In the United States to another.
Section 2. That section 8 of "An act to abol
ish certain fees for official services to Ameri
can vessels and to amend the laws relating to
shipping commissioners, seamen, owners of ves
sels and for other purposes, approved June 19,
18*6." Is hereby amended to read:
Sec. 8. No foreign vessel shall transport pas
sengers between ports or places in the United
States, either directly or by way of a foreign
port, under a penalty of $200 for each passenger
so transferred and landed.
Sec 3 Whenever merchandise is Imported
Into the United States by sea for immediate
exportation to a foreign port by sea, or by
river, the right to ascend or descend which for
the purposes of commerce Is secured by treaty
to the citizens of the United States and the
subjects of a foreign power, the Secretary of
the Treasury is hereby authorized to prescribe
regulations for the transhipment and trans
portation of such merchandise.
Sec 4. That section 3109 of the Revised Stat
utes Is hereby amended to read:
Pec 3109. The master of any foreign vessel
laden in ballast arriving, whether by sea or
otherwise in the waters of the United States
from any foreign territory adjacent to the
northern northeastern or northwestern fron
tiers of the United States, shall report at the
office of any Collector or Deputy Collector of
the Customs" which shall be nearest to the point
at which such vessel may enter such waters:
and such vessel shall not transfer her cargo or
DtispenKers to another vessel or proceed farther
Inland either to unlade or take in cargo without
a special permit from such Collector or Deputy
Collector Issued under and In accordance with
such general or special regulations as the Sec
retary of the Treasury may in his discretion
from time to time prescribe. This section shall
al«o apply to trade with or through Alaska.
For any violation of this section such vessel
shall be seized and forfeited.
Sec 5. This act shall take effect one month
after Its passage.
MOBE AFFIDAVITS.
Commissioner Chxnie Swears That He
Is Not Actuated by Malice or
Other Bad Motives.
Insurance Commissioner Clunie filed In
the United States Circuit Court yester
day a batch of affidavits in the insurance
cases, particularly in the matter of the
injunction proceedings brought against
him by the companies. In these af
fidavits Mr. Clunie denies that he
has been actuated by malice in his
dealings with the foreign insurance
companies, and alleges that the Board of
Fire Underwriters of the Pacific Coast is
a body whose chief purpose is to prevent
and suppress competition and to control
the rates of premiums on Insurance.
The matter will be taken up by United
States Circuit Judge Morrow next Mon
day.
DUGGAN POSES
AS A MARTYR
His Preliminary Examin
ation Will Commence
This Afternoon.
Mrs. Clark and Captain Engel
berg Are Unable to Fur
nish Bonds.
Their Cases Were Called in Judge
Conlan's Court arid Continued
Till Thursday.
A large number of people were at
tracted to Judge Conlan's court yester
day in the expectation of hearing the
developments in the cases of Mrs. J. A.
Clark, the leader of God's Regular
Army in this city, and her captain,
George Engelberg, but they were dis
appointed.
Mrs. Clark is accused of cruelty to
Alice L>oy, the seven-year-old girl who
came with her from Portland, and En
gelberg is accused of beating the girl's
brother, Bennie, who is now at the
Youths' Directory.
When the cases were called ex-Judge
Lawler, who represented the defend
ants, said they were ready to proceed
and had all their witnesses present.
Prosecuting Attorney Megan, after con
sulting with Secretary Frank Kane of
the Pacific Coast Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children, said
that as there was a case in another
court which had a bearing upon the
Clark and Engelberg cases he would
suggest that they be postponed till it
was disposed of. It would come up for
preliminary hearing this afternoon and
a continuance till Thursday might be
granted. The Judge concurred and
the cases were accordingly continued
till Thursday.
Attorney Lawler asked that the bonds
for Mrs. Clark and Engelberg be re
duced. They were strangers in the city,
and had no means of procuring bonds
if they were made too heavy. The Judge
said he would think over the matter,
and ordered the two defendants to be
taken dmvn stairs and locked up.
The preliminary examination of "Gen
eral" George Spurgeon Duggan, com
mander of the Jesus Christ Army, on
the charge of criminal assault upon the
little girl, Alice Loy, will commence be
fore Judge Low this afternoon, when
interesting developments may be ex
pected. The girl will be brought from
Sacramento- to testify in the case, and
also Dr. McGettigan.
Duggan still declares his innocence,
and asserts that his arrest is the result
of a conspiracy at the hands of his ene
mies, among whom he numbers Mrs.
Clark. The opinion is growing that
Mrs. Clark knows considerably more
about the girl than she has told, and
that her readiness to swear to the war
rant against Duggan was for the pur
pose of shielding some one else. Mr. and
Mrs Pray and Mr. and Mrs. Smith, who
came from Portland with Mrs. Clark
and Engelberg, are expected to shed
considerable light upon this point.
COUNTRY LAD BUNCOED.
Fleeced of His Money Through a
Tale of the Klondike.
The wily confidence man with a tal» of
the Klondike, assisted by his sure-thing
card pals, got in his work on a green lad
from the country on Sunday and relieved
the youth of all the money he possessed.
The "police at the California street station
were notified and are trying to ftnd the
crooks.
A E Peck came in from Santa Barbara
yesterday morning and registered at the
kuss House. He was soon approached by
a well appearing hunchbacked , man who
engaged him in conversation aiid learned
from him that he had $40. The conversa
tion was turned on the Klondike and
Peck remarked that he would like to go
if he had money enough to buy an outfit
and pay his passage. The stranger told
the boy he belonged to a company the
members of which could get passage free,
and offered to introduce Peck to the
president. The unsuspecting victim was
steered to a house on Grant avenue, but
the "president" was not at home. A
game of stud poker was "in." however
and the boy was enticed into it with the
result that he was soon "out" his $40.
The lad returned to the hotel, but did
not realize that he had been buncoed
until informed of the fact by a friend.
During the evening the hunphback ap
peared at the Russ House and Peck en
gaged him in conversation while the
friend went to the California street sta
tion and enlisted the services of Police
men Grunwald and Leonard to arrest the
fellow. The hunchback got wind of the
fact that he was wanted and left the
place before the officers, arrived, and al
though he was followed by Peck he suc
ceeded in making his escape. Peck can
not locate the house in which he played
the interesting game of poker, but ne be
Laura. I bought my first supply of Ripans Tabules
more out of curiosity than anything else,
and was very much surprised at the good
results which followed their use. I had
often seen them advertised, but being a Uttla
prejudiced against patent medicines I thought
they would do me no good. In future I
never want to be without them. I had been
troubled with indigestion and dyspepsia for
a long time, and although I tried many kinds
of medicine, I never found anything really
to do me much good until I tried Ripant
Tabules.
lieves it was on Grant avenue. He is very
anxious to have the police find the place
and recover his money.
New Mining Corporation.
The Douplass Mining Company incor
porated yesterday with a capital stock of
$1000,000." The directors are F. R. Web
ster, H. R. Mann. T. C. Coogan, \V. E. B.
Mills and A. M. Burns. _
X^|^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
J*«assCT O2SKEAKXVW. Established
ti^lk J^'i' If*S4ior thetn-jntn?ntof Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(»li."> KKAKXT ST. Established
in 1854 for the tn-ntment of Private
Diseases, Loet Manhood. Debility or
i««*3««^KH : \(iiseasev.-ea ring on bod yand mind mid
2S*S6> i f»P ; iw Skin Diseases. l'J;odoctorciires\vheii
others (Ail. Try him. Churges low.
Cm r«"» <lii !«•*•;!. Call or write.
I>r. .1. *'. <iIBGO.V Box } »57. San Fr»Dcta<:a
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' ■ Steamers leave ■ Broadway
I^^SSk wharf, San Francisco:
■|T&sP£Sfe*Sfc • For- Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
lsTe3s9\*sV March 2. 7, 12, 17. 22, 27, April
Em»*S| >«q U Transferred ut Seattle.
R^^T^jeSSfil For Alaskan ports (from
r^^^ftlSSsi\ Spear street, wharf), 10 a. m..
March 2. 6. 10. 14. IS. 22. 26, 30.
'Y'-.'L^^.' Transferred at Portland, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver C), Port Town-
send Seattle, Tacoma, Everest, 1 Anacortes and
New' Whatcom. -(Wash.), 10 a. m., March 2, 7.
'12 17, 22, 27, and every fifth.'d«.y thereafter,
connecting at Seattle with company's steam-
ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry..at Taeoma with
N P Ry., at Vancouver- with C. P. Ry.
>■ For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
March 3. 9. 13. 21. 27. and every sixth day.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. . San Simeon.
Cayueos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota.* Santa Barbara.- Ventura,- Hu^netne.
■San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. March 2. 6. 10, 14, 13, 22. 20,
30 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo)^ Santa Barbara, Por%
Los Angeles and'Redondo (Los Angeles), l\
am, March 4. 8. 12, 16, 20. 24, 28. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
rabo Mizatlan, Altata, La Paz, Samta Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. March 8.
April 3 and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to changa
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and h/Mir< of soiling.
TICKET OFFICtJ-Palace Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agta.,
10 I Market street, Sun Francisco*
• -^
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEA7JTERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CiDP *12 ' First Class Including Berth
TARE g 8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Mar. 2. 10, 18, 2«
Columbia.. .......Mar. 6, 14, 22, 30
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
E. C. WARD.. General Agent,
. . :-.-'.'■'' . 630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
; ..".■■'. ■..; Superintendents. ■ .
PHWHKfIBft S. S. ZEAL AND! A.
ICBnlrfr HONOLULU only,
I•K*1 •K** B S;iturrlay, March 12. at
m _^— —^ •2p. m Special party
StMIShlD^ ™The S. S. MO AN A
QJlUjlllJlllK sa tis via Honolulu and
/omFWRU* Auckland for Sydney
VyillJJylWp Wednesday, March 23.
. at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPS
TOWN South Africa.
J D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO.. Agents.
J 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
gjg^HV.K HAMBURG-AMERICAN
i^BßJjjSpfis Twin-Screw Express Line.
DIRECT" TO PARIS, LONDON, HAMBURG.
Normannla ..March 24 Columbia ........May 12
A Victoria April 7 Normannla May 19
£' Bismarck April 2S A. Victoria May 25
Fir*® Cab'" i $75 Tup 2d Cabin $45 up. Steerage $30
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE,
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
■Pennsylvania. March 26 Patria AP,rllA P, r11 2 2
PaUtia ...April 9 Phoenicia May 7
£r!?orta April 16 Pennsylvania... May U
cabin' $*> up; 2d cafcin. $40; steerage, J26.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE. 37 Broadway,
X y HERZOG & CO.. Agents.
X ' ' 401 California St.. San Francisco, Cal.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantiqae.
. - French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North
River foot of Morton st. Travelers <f+p;^>
by this line avoid both transit byp«£SS*«
■Pnsrlish railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria! Egypt, via Paris, first class $160;
LA°G d ASCOGNE- March 12. 10 a. m.
T A NORMANDIE March 19. 10 a. m.
LA~ CHAMPAGNE March 26 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE April 2, 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE ..April 9. 10 a. m.
For further, particulars arply^ -.^
■'- \ No. 3, Bowling Green. New York.
• j F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. - ■■ <
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St.. at 3
p. m. Daily.
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO 5:30 P. M.
• Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
ing through freight rates to all points on the
Valley Railroad. steamers:
STEAMERS:
T C WALKER. CITY OF STOCKTON.
MARY GARRATT. J. D PETERS
Telephone Main SO5. Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
For San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
Steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 daily (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. Alviso dally (Saturdays
excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso. 50c;
■to San Jose, 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 North
j First street, San Jose. _j - ■ ' ■ . : ' "• |
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
■ Steamer ■** Monticello"
Will lie up to receive new boiler and general
overhauling on February 1, ; and resume hep
route on March 10. HATCH BROS.
1112
GOOD SPORT
AT OAKLAND
Large Fields and Difficult
Guessing Confronted
the Talent.
The Cadmus Stake Captured
by Eddie Jones With
Thorpe Up.
Thelma Scampered in at Odds of 2O
to 1 Four Choices Brought Up
in the Rear.
It Is quite evident that Oakland track
holds first place in point of popularity
over its rival, lngleside. Despite the
threatening aspect of the weather, a
large crowd crossed the bay yesterday
and saw some excellent sport. The
various fields were of good proportion
and the betting fast enough to keep
the tvs*enty-three bookmakers hustling.
The picking was decidedly hard and
rain falling aftef» the third race had
been decided served to still further
scramble up the form players. Among
the delicious bonbons sprung during
the afternoon was Thelma, which won
at a spicy price of 20 to 1, running prac
tically friendless.
Tod Sloan piloted Vioris to victory
in the opening event, and Thorpe land
ed the Cadmus stake, with Eddie Jones, j
All of the other choices met with de- j
feat.
The startlers in the Cadmus stake
were boiled down until but five faced
the issue. The race was for three
year-olds over one mile and was worth
$900 to the winning horse. The bet
ting strongly favored the Burns &
"Waterhouse colt, Eddie Jones, the
brown youngster going to the post at
■ odds of 1 to 2. None of the other start
ers had shown a liking for the dis
tance and were but slightly supported.
Lord Marmion, with Lonnie Clayton in
the saddle, had speed to loan for over
Biz furlongs and then hung out dis
tress signals. After some hard urg
ing, the favorite assumed the lead and
at the wire won easily from Marmion
by three lengths in I:42M>- Prince Ty
rant, with Conley in the saddle, finished
a fair third.
Twelve two-year-olds started in the
three and a half furlong scramble, with
Tod Sloan's mount Vioris closing an 11
to 5 favorite in the betting. Buena Ven
tura led the bunch until the paddock
was passed, where the favorite got up
and won cleverly from Ezell's filly. To
luca. a filly by Nomad and quoted at
100 to 1 in the ring, finished a good
third.
Thelma was entirely overlooked In
the betting on the mile and a furlong
run, going to the post at odds of 20 to 1.
Johnny Woods took her out in the lead,
and, never headed, the brown mare led
Mamie Scott over the wire half a length
in 1:55, a very creditable performance.
Serena, the second choice, finished in
the show, with the 8 to 5 favorite Palo
macita running unplaced.
Highland Ball, an S to 1 chance,
ridden by Holmes, proved the surprise
in the seven-furtong selling affair.
Conley's mount. Town Topics, was
played for a good thing, his odds quick
ly being rubbed from 8 to 5 to 11 to 10.
Prompto, with the favorite at his heels,
had the speed of the party to the
stretch, where Holmes forced Highland
Ball to the front, and. stalling off the
challenge of Dr. Marks at the end, got
the decision by a nose. Tulare, away
from the post poorly, was a good third.
Senator Bfand, the choice for the mile
and a sixteenth, was beaten through as
palpable a foul as has been seen this
winter. Near the furlong pole from the
wire, when Sloan on the Senator was
rapidly forging to the front, "Skeets"
Martin astride Orimar, the second
choice, deliberately pulled in toward
the rail, forcing Tod to pull up. Mar
tin then pulled his mount out and won
by something over a length. Marplot
■was third. Mercutio set a terrific clip
for six furlongs.
Of the original large number of en
tries in the final six-furlong run eight
*'THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
/CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB - Oakland Track-lO9th day of the
v-» Winter Meeting. Monday, March 7. 1898. Weather fine. Track
slow.
698.
FIRST RACE— Three and a halt furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $350.
591 Vloris 100: 6
652 Buena Ventura 107! 2
579 Toluca 98 1 9
(597) Malay 106 10
... Oralbee 103: 8
670 Canace 100 j 3
692 Semicolon 106 5
653 Master Buck 101 1
664 Racivan 98 4
... Maud Ferguson 105 12
«3K B!y 10211
«16 San Augustine 107 7
...
I
... |
... /
3 4
1 2
6 h
8 1
9 hi
10
7 1
2 4
6 £
11
12
4 1
1 h
2 2
S 1
4 h
5 h
6 1
7 8
8 3
9 2
10
11
12
T. Sloan
Hennessy
jGray
3 11-5
8 10
15 50
6 25
15 S
15 30
3 9-2
8 15
io 100
8 «
60 100
3 8
Spencer
H. Martin ...
McNichols ...
Conley
E. Jones
Woods
Thorpe
McDonald ...
Clawson
Time. :43. Winner, Klttleman Bros.' b. f. by Imp. Duncombe-Detrlx. Good start. Won
first three driving.
699.
SECOND RACE— One and an eighth miles; selling:: mares five years old and up-
ward ; purse. $3.'0.
nil J. I JIU, c 1. .......... TV X J. II 1 a XI ,*5 1 £ X C X II vvooas ■■ I 3 Z0
CS9 Mamie Scott, 6 98 6 64 4 1 2 h 314 24 214 O'Connor .... 8 7
Pen G^i-Ann - ODI 1 •' 1' fl li C V. 4 V A \L O 1- /~* ,mm ' In.
CS9 Serena, 5 98 4 24 34 6h 4h 44 3 4 Gray 2 3
684 Palomacita. 4 95 37 7 7 61 62 44 Clawson 2 8-5
CIA WiA^-rt' T..noc i. Q-i 7C9 -, l: A H 7 r. >, F. li 'M V,..1...1.. in nn
621 Thelma. a 95
CS9 Mamie Scott, 6 98
CS9 Serena, 5 98
654 Palomacita. 4 95
614 Widow Jones, 4 95
683 Treachery, 6 103
621 Lost Girl. 4 ..101 1
1
6
3
7
II
1 h
5 4
2 4
6 2
4 1
3 h
1 6
4 1
5 4
5 4
2 h
6 3
1 14
2 h
5 b
7
4 h
3 2
« 14
1 2
3 14
4 h
6 1
7
2 h
6 1
1 2
2 4
4 4
6 2
& h
34
1 h
2 14
3 4
« 4
■6 4
6 6
7
5 20
8 7
2 3
2 8-5
12 30
6 IS-5
8 10
814 « idow Jones, 4 9d| 7 6Z 54 4h 7 Bh 54 IMcNichols ...j 12 3n
683 Treachery, 5 103 5 41 2h 32 2h 34 66 IH. Martin ... 6 IS-5
621 Lost Girl. 4 .1011 2 3 h 6 3 Sl4 6 1 7 7 IE. Jones ..... 8 10
Time, 1:55. Winner, J. Naglee Burkes br. m. by John Happy-Pansy. Good start. Won
first three driving.
700.
THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; selling:;
; purs«, J4OO.
-!-■
6SI Highland Ball, 3. . .1'
696 Dr. Marks. 3 1
684 Tulare, 4 1
(607) Town Topics. 3 1'
657 Prompto. 3 II
693 Sutton, 4 1.
... Skalkaho. 5 U
6SI Highland Ball, 3.. .109! 6 54 44 32 24 Ins |Holmes 6 10
696 Dr. Mark*. 3 11312 3 14 3 1 4 1 5 2 2 14 iH. Martin ... 4 6
684 Tulare, 4 110' 3 61 615 620 620 3h ! Weaver .... 12 3
(607) Town Topics. 3 106 4 2h 2h 2h 31 4h IConley 6-5 1
657 Prompto. 3 109 1 114 11 11 11 53 Thorpe 2 7-2
693 Sutton, 4 113 5 4 4 5 4 5 1 4 2 650 Dorsey  12 12
... Skalkaho. 5. 123 7 7 7_ 7 7 T_ H. Brown ... 60 100
Time. 1:29. Winner, W. C. de B. Lopez's eh. c. by Imp. Inverness-Slow Dance. Good
start. Won first three driving.
701.
FOURTH
: value. $125(1.
M 9 Eddie Jones 117! 4 3h 31 32 34 13 Thorpe 17-10 1-2
CteT) Lord Marminn 117 1 12 11 114 13.22 Clayton ! 3 5
(«68) Prince Tyrant 114 2 214 214 22 24 32 Conley 6 10
663 Dr. Bernays 114 3 6 42 45 46 420 ill. Martin ... « 10
(M 7) Punter. >... WJ f, jjj 5 _J> 5 6 |T. gioan | 6 12
Time, 1:42%. Winner, Burns & Waterhouses b. c. by Morello-Early Rose. Good start
Won easily.
702.
FIFTH RACE— One and a
purse. $400.
three-year-olds and upward;
'4m.
>. Cl.
651 Orlmar. 4 1
836 Senator Bland, 5...:
11l Marplot, 3
655 Meroutio. 4 ]
612 Flash li Kht, 6 1
6W5 Scarborou gh, 4 ]
651 Orlmar. 4 108:1 2h 2H 224 214 1 2 It H. Martin ... S-6 3-2
636 Senator Bland, 5. ..1ift. 3 4h 424 3 h 3h 2 4 23 T Sloan ... 1 6-5
623 Marplot, 3 96 2 34 3 2 4 2 4 3 4 3 3h £ Woods "" « 7
655 Mercutin. 4 110 6 14 114 1 1 lh 32 <U Conley .... 6 7
612 Flashlight. 6 114 4 6 3 6 54 5 h 5% 5? Tuberville ... 10 15
6»3 Scarborough, 4 110 5 6 5 h 6 6 6 8 Clawson 20 60
Time. 1:48%. Winner. J. T. Stewaifs eh. h. by Blr-Dixo^PraTrl«r~QiieenT ~Go~oT~ start
Won easily.
: 1
3
\
2
6
4
5 •
2 h «. 24
4 h 4 24
3 4 32
m ii'/4
6 3 6
•6 5 h
224 214
3h 3 h
42 4 3
11 1 h
54 5 h
6 6
1 2
2 4
4 3
3 2
5 4
it;
2 3
3 h
\?
6
7O<fc SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-oIdB and upward; purae, $308.
625 Sly. 4 ll» 4 ... 3 1 3 4 2 4 1 14* Gray .. 3 5
601) Al, 4 108 1 3 ... 11 In 1H 13 jConley 14
614 Koenlgren. 4 9,,1 ... 2h 23 32 3b Clawson ..... 10
(596) Roadwarmer, 6 102 6 ... 524 5 1 4 4 4 2 Spencer .. 8
637 Amelia Fonso. 5.... 100' 5 ... 42 43 63 53 Holmes 7
492 Charteuse 11. a.. 100 j 2 ... 6 2 62 63 68 ■, O'Connor .... 16
•01 Lone Princess, 4.... 971 8 ... 7h i 7 2 7 4 McNlchols ... S ',
634 Charlemagne. - 4 ..... S». 7 ... 8 7 % 8 _*_ J. Woods .... 20 ■ I
Time, 1:18. Winner, D. Hanlon's b. t. by Racine- Aurella 11. Good start. Won easily.
»y ■■■
aley
iwson .....
•ncer
Imes
3
1
1"
8
7
5-2
4-5
15
15
15
. onnor ....
Nichols ...
faced the barrier. Al started a 4 to 5
favorite, but after racing out in front
with Koenigen, was downed easily at
the end by Sly, the second choice.
TRfiCK ITEMS.
Caesar Young:, who took a rest from booking
the last week at Ingleside, was chalking up
prices again yesterday.
Elle Perles was on the block figuring per
centages and marking up the oddte for Harlan
& Co. Elle Juggles with figures the way a
monkey does with cocoanuts, and can scent a
"Dutch" at six furlongs.
Wally Weaver was unfortunate In getting
shut off with Tulare just after the barrier was
raised or he would have landed the purse. The
gelding made up a vast amount of lost ground.
Tod Sloan, who had the mount on Senator
Bland, lodged a claim of foul against "Skeets"
Martin with the Judges. It was only one of the
many lnshoots that "Skeets" has sprung on
other riders during the season now in progress,
and In some way or other he manages to get
away with all of them. So much for having
ridden a Brooklyn handicap wtnner.
Garnet Ferguson thought very well of the
chances of his filly Maud F., a daughter of
Prince Royal and Blue Hood. Away from the
poet poorly, she was back in the ruck at the
"Trainer Johnny Campbell is oertatnly play-
Ing in hard luck. Some clays age when Senator
Bland proved su.h a disaptK.inlnifnt in a rac
decided at Ingleside. Johnny had a swell bet
down on the chestnut horse's chances and yes
terday he again backed the Senator The
people who think the lutu»r was a beaten
horse when interfered with by Orimar should
brush the dust off their KOK»les. In the near
future possibly, some learned disciple of the |
turf will write a treatise on -What Constitutes :
a Foul." and it should furnish some very
The following:' weights were announced by the
Official handicapper yesterday (for the nomlna- j
tlons in the Baldwin Hotel Handicap, to bo |
run on Saturday, March 12:
Fleur de I,is 125 Napamax 102
Paul Grlggs 125 : Scarb.irough 100
The Roman 122! Hohenzollern I*l
Altamax 120! King William 100
Rulnart 120 Greyhurst 100
Senator Bland 119; Summertime 100
Mount McGregor. ...llß! Olive .. 98
Ostler Joe 119 i Fonsovamnan 97
Vlnctor 116! St. Calaaine 96
Buck Massle 115 ' Marplot 96
Buckwa US Bliss Rucker 96
Installator 114 Imp. Misßloner 96
Bemardlllo 112 Punter 96
Salvation 110 George Palmer 95
The Swain 10S Torsion 'Jo
Libertine 110 Linstock 93 i
Howard Mann 110 Rosormonde 90 |
Judge Denny lrtgj Crescendo 90 |
St. Lee HO' Hermoso 90 |
Argentina 107: San Antonio S7
Flashlight 110 Official 87
Wheel of Fortune. . .10* Lorena II 87
May W 108 Chartreuse II So,
Traverser 106' Harry Gwynn S5
Colonel Wheeler lOSßcnroe S5 j
Tripping 10S Aluminum SO j
Lin.-oln II 106 Frank James 80
R.ulermond 105' Innuendo 80
Double Quick 105|Stan Powers SO
Souffle 100 Morana 80
•Trolley I*s i Fannie S 80
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First — Three-quarters of a mile; selling.
60S Mount Roy 110 i 700 Button 110
652 William 08. ...113! 625 1 Don't Know. .llo
656 Silver State ....lOSj 675 Judge Stouffer.,lo7
699 Lucky Star 107 625 Howard 110
614 Sardou 110 656 Una Que Am 0..108
(662)Ve10z 107! 625 Sir Richard ....113
Second — Three-quarters of a mile; three
year-olds.
618 Soscol 107. 668 Bow and Arrowll2
685 Elsmore 110! (674)Llttle Alarm ..110
220 Twlnkler 110 609 Dk. of York 11.110
657 Rio Frlo 112 604 Yule ............105
691 Glorlan 115 215 Charles Le Bel. 197
613 Saticoy 110 688 The Dipper 115
650 Oahu 105 592 Brambella 110
592 Lee Kylo 107 1 602 Scintillate 105
672 Santa Catarlna.lOoi
Third Race — One and an eighth miles; selling.
&74 Miss Ruth 101 693 Veragua 103
611 Coda 101 682 Benamela 106
619 Parthemax 105 617 Pollock 103
611 Don Clarenclo...lo2 675 Hermanita 101
(617) Peter II 106 628 Paul Pry 106
689 Rey del Tierra.lo2 682 Daylight 106
689 Soniro 99
Fourth Fifteen-sixteenths of a mile;
selling.
624 Imperious 88 1 659 Refugee 110
(693)O'Fleeta 102 659 Masoero 106
651 Scarf Pin 97 693 McLlght 105
St Distaff 99 690 Montallade .....102
... Rebekah Wells. ?6 627 Cabrlllo 11l
Fifth Race— Five-eighths of a mile; selling.
6&6 Roxey Murphy.. lift 668 Elldad 122
«81 Valencienne 117 1 584 Good Friend ...117
(t29)Ping 122 620 Magnus 119
368 St. Phillip 119 . 645 The Ace 119
654 Approbation 119 i 681 Ablna 117
fS6 "Watomba 117 674 Ockturuck 119
617 Formella 117 560 San Durango ...119
6 4 Malnbar 122 674 Hertha 117
556 Aluminum 119
Sixth — Three-quarters of a mile; selling.
61* Chappie 1071 683 Pat Murphy ....110
(614) Sea Spray 110 1 630 King William ..113
703 Amelia Fonso ..SKI 703 Sly 105
675 Miss Roes 108 i (572) La Mascotta ...log
625 Major Cook ....110 6*5 Devil's Dream. .los
«
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— l Don't Know, Lucky Star, How
ard.
Second Race— Elumnre, Tule, Glorlan.
Third Race — Parthemax, Paul Pry, Coda.
Fourth Hace — Imperious, Mootallade, Refugee.
Fifth Race— Good Friend. St. Phillip. Ping.
Sixth Race — Sly, Miss Ross, Pat Murphy.
Tlie Jury Disagreed.
The case of Garrett Keppel. charged
with sending obscene matter through the
malir went to the jury at 4 o'clock yes
terday afternoon. After being out five
hours and a half without being able to
reach a verdict the members were dis
charged by Judge de Haven.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 8, 1893,
HE WILL FACE
HIS ACCUSERS
Schwartz, the Alleged
Diamond Swindler,
to Return.
Confident of Establishing His
Innocence Before the
Court.
Advised by His Attorney, He Peace
fully Submits to Extradi
tion.
Joe Schwartz, the diamond expert
who was arrested in Seattle last week
on a charge of swindling Wolfsohn &
Livingston, local jewelers, will be
guided by his attorney, Melvln G. Win
stock, who is now in this city, and will
peacefully accompany Detective
Wrenn to San Francisco for examina
tion.
Late last night Mr. Winstock tele
graphed him to submit without further
fight and to come here as soon as his
private affairs could be arranged. Had
not the message been sent Wrenn
might not have succeeded in bringing
him here, as able lawyers were re
tained by Schwartz to look after his
interests before the Governor.
Mr. Winstock, in speaking about the
charges against his client, said:
"Schwartz is an expert diamond man
and is perfectly familiar with precious
stones. He is a man of great intelli
gence, notwithstanding the statements
that he cannot read nor write. The
game they claim he plays is said to be
this: He goes to a pawnbroker and
offers him a diamond to pawn. Being
a fluent talker and having a fine ap
pearance he induces the broker to take
the stone, but instead of receiving a
third of its value he receives full price
for it. As he does not return to redeem
the diamond the money lender tries to
dispose of it so as to realize 300 per
cent on it, but without success. Natu
rally feeling sore he raises a hue and
cry and complains of being swindled.
"After attending to his affairs here
Schwartz left on a business trip to
Seattle and it was there that he was
arrested for attempting to defraud the
people who had him arrested. He
claims that he bought the diamonds
from Wolfsohn & Livingston, but by
reason of the fact that the firm had
him arrested they themselves had de
layed the payment which he honestly
intended to make them. He retained
me to defend him and I looked into
the matter and found that his arrest
was unauthorized and secured his re
lease on habeas corpus. He was rear
rested three or four times and each
time there was some technical flaw in
the process and he was released.
"The authorities here demanded that
he should return and face the accusa
tion. He retained me to come here and
make an Investigation and I feel, in
justice to himself, he ought to return
and I have wired him to do so, and
show that his intentions were always
honest.
"His success in fooling the pawn
brokers would be considered to be a
shrewd trick, but not a criminal of
fense — it would not be anything for
which he could be prosecuted.
"In his preliminary examination be
fore Judge Conlon I will appear in his
behalf. Should there be enough evi
dence against him he will be bound
over, unless some adjustment is
reached.
"Schwartz is represented before the
Governor at Olympia, Wash., by able
counsel, who had Intended to make a
strong fight to prevent the granting of
the warrant and a long drawn out
fight would have ensued, but for the
advice wired him.
"I think if any man ran get ahead of
these 10-per-cent-a-month 'shylocks,'
he deserves a gold medal instead of be
ing sent to a penitentiary."
THE BIG DENVER MEETING
Liberal Indticements Held Out
to Owners at the June
Meeting.
The Overland Trotting and Running As
sociation of Denver. Colo., is holding out
some big inducements in the way of rich
purses to horsemen this year, and owners
Intending to take the Montana circuit In
the coming summer will do well to read
the programme over. The meeting will
open on Saturday, June 11, and will con
tinue to the 25th inclusive: It will consist
of mixed trotting and running events.
The running-horse folks will receive
especial consideration at the hands of this
very liberal association, three handicaps
of $400 t-ach being hung up as a special
Inducement to attract the better class of
horses. These are the St. James Hotel,
over one mile and a sixteenth, to be run
on the opening day; the Neef Brothers
Brewing Company handicap, at one mile,
and the Yellowstone, one mile and a fur
long. The over-night events give all
classes of sprinters an opportunity to win
v purse. All communications should be
addressed to Charles N. Robert, secretary
and treasurer. King block, Denver.
The following are the classes that will
make up the harness races:
TROTTING. PACING.
Two-year colts. Two-year colts.
Three-year colts. Three-year colts.
3:fHj-mlnute class. 3:00-minute class.
2:45-minute class. 2:45-minute class.
2:35-mfnute class. 2:35-minute class.
2:30-minute class. 2:30-mlnute class.
2:28-minute class. 2:25-minute class.
2:25-mlnute class. 2:26-minute class.
2:22-minute class. 2:22-minute class.
2:20-minute class. 2:20-minute class.
2:18-mlnute class. 2:IS-minute class.
2:15-mlnute class. 2:15-minute class.
2:12-minute class. 2:12-minute class.
2:09-mlnute class. 2:09-minute class.
Free-for-all. Free-for-all.
A special rate will probably be given
California horsemen by the railroads, and
among the owners now racing here that
will undoubtedly stop over at the Colo
rado metropolis are: B. C. Holly, with
Montallade, Fortunate and others; \V. L..
Stanrield, Johnny Campbell, with Senator
Bland and the remainder of his string;
Ollie Johnson, W. D. Randall, Farrar &
Tubervllle and several other strings.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Rodman, Baltimore ; H C Peck, Los Angeles
M Bray, Sausallto P B Johnson. Minn
Mists McGrath & t. Ok Mrs G Van Brunt, Ohio
E Marks. Cal :H Swlgard 6 w, Wind
J F Hartman, Stocktn J E Buckner. Sta Rosa
C L Powers. Sausalito C M Sink. Colo
F Johnson, Fresno Miss D Hardin. Sacto
J Mathews, Davisville V Durand, Fisks Mills
M M Donaldson. Sacto. J Brown. Stockton
P J Fredericks. Seattle! Ed Scobes, Chicago
C Klein. Ohio
GRAND HOTEL.
J Rummeleburg, Cal jMra Thomson. Portlnd
B P Tabor. Auburn |N Terry, Chicago
F Cox. Sacto j Jones, Chicago
M G de l'Estoi!le.Parln!o Hilme. Santa Cniz
Mr del Boca. France jT M Keeney. Eureka
G Llrgo, Bird Lndg jG L Bull, Stockton
T N <"aae * f. 11l CD AJlen, Napa
E J Fraser. Rio Vista M Michael. Woodland
H Pond. Oakland G N McClelland. Minn
J Peckham. Fresno M G Davis. Riverside
F R Brown. Fresno s Landt. Los Angeles
X H Benjamin, Oak H Baker & w, Pa
E Brown, -acto G F Witter, Mich
W Conjrer. Ohio H Radin. Fresno
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W C Camp, Louisville [Mrs E G Campbell Cal
I, W Cole, New York Miss A Pratt, P Alto
Mrs L W Cole, NY EM Nelson, Olema
Ed Edwards. Astoria H G Church, Chicago
Mrs Ed Edwards. Or L Sickles. Oakland
C Gagern. Astoria J Staehle Jr. Williams
Mrs C Gagern. Or Mrs 8 C Blackmeister,
M E Harris, Oakland Butte
0 E'lwnrd*. Han ford Mr* Marallaa. Butte
H l <rasfield. Berkeley !M Miller. Butto
J R Fleming, Oakland <I Rosenberg. Woodland
W M Miller. Butte C Burnett. Cleveland
A Conn, Red Bluff F W Peters. St Louis
E H Quimby, X City M S Stein, Stockton
F H Carroll. Omaha Mrs M 8 Stein Stktn
Miss Wolff, New York Mrs M Marks, Stocktn
V Newell, New York Q MigHavacca, Nnpa
R D Simpson, L Ang iMary Peanuck. Stktn
J M Suttnn N J j Bodie, Sacramento
Miss A Suits. San Jose!
PALACE HOTEL.
E W Tahman. Topeka C Manderson. Omaha
C W Gardiner, Boston C C Reynolds, Pasade
L J Anderson, London Mrs J Anderson, Sacot
C Marsden, L Ane Miss Anderson. Socto
Mrs R Mus»er. lowa S M Ballard. N T
Miss Musser. lowa Mrs S M Ballard. N T
Miss G Musser lowa Mrs S Ballard. N V
Miss L Musser. lowa C Knight. Ft Wayne
Mrs Zimmerman. lowa Mrs Knight. F Wayne
H B Smith, N V L J Parks. Texas
R Troneau. Keswick 'Mrs L Parks. Teiu
Mrs O Thompson, Dor- H Remde, Buffalo
land j Harbour. SLake
Mrs Hooper. Australia L D Parker, Chicago
W yon Cleff, N V W H Baker. N V
W Wallace. Omaha '■ Mrs Baker. N V
Mrs W Wallace.Omah Miss Baker. N V
Mrs Gannett. Omaha I W T Jeter, S Cruz
Mrs Evans. Phila ' G E Goodman, Nap*
Mrs C Manderson, Neb' Mrs Goodman, Napa
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1605 Polk street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE LODGE No. 30, F. and m
A. M.— Called Meeting THIS (TUES- m JV_
DAY) EVENING, March 8, at 7:SO Trie
o'clock. D. 2. /V>
GEORGE J. HOBE, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6, R. A. M.. m
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- _JV
ING, March 8, at 7:30 o'clock. M. M. TZjt
decree. By order of the H. P. /^r>
v FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. ■
M.— First degree THIS (TUESDAY) _Jk
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. TV
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary. /^T^
BAY CITY Lodge No. ' 117. K. of. P., 2*-
223 Sutter St.— The rank of knight *, TCI
(long form) will be conferred upon *%>&•
four esquires on WEDNESDAY <e2J?7
EVENING, March 9, at 8 o'clock. Visiting
and local knights are specially Invited to
be present.
CHARLES C. MORRIS, K. of R. and S.
L. KAUFMAN. C. C.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered, $2 50 up; whitened, $1 up.
280S Twenty-fourth St., or 239 Third st.
CONTENTS of trunks held for debt at 322
Third st. will be sold at auction.
MRS. DR. Genuine steam vapor cabi-
net baths, $1. 17A Sixth St., room 1.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MISS Mays' genuine massage, baths, alcohol
and Turkish. 536 Ilearny St., room 9.
ANIMALS, birds and reptiles bought, sold
and exchanged. Addres% FRANK C. BOS-
TOCK. the Zoo, San Francisco.
MRS. SHELDON, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 906 Market St., room 22.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. £580.
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120*4 Geary st., room 11.
MRS. DR. FISH, rm. 2, 116 A Grant aye.: elec-
trician; alcohol, Turkish bathe; unrivaled.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALB.
FIRST-CLASS English cook desires situation;
best reference: city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation housework
and cooking or as nurse or second work; $10
to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT Swedish housegirl: good cook; 2 years
last place; city or country. MRS. NORTON,
823 Sutter St.
GIRLS of all nationalities awaiting situations
at MRS. HIRD'S; moved to 631 Larkin St.;
telephone Sutter 52.
WOMAN wants situation to work by the day.
421 Fourth St., roon 35.
NEW YORK lady desires * position; a ftrst-
class housekeeper; In small family. Address
MRS. MAGGIE BERRY. The Globe, room 12.
821 Howard st. near Fourth.
HOUSEWORK In family by neat elderly Pro-
testant woman not afraid of work; where
there are children preferred. Address E. R.,
212 Seventh st.
SITUATION as German cook; no objections to
help with washing. Box 1499, Call Office.
SITUATION waited by first-class English
cook; French and American cooking; good
reference; private family. 204 Second St.,
between Folsoni and Howard.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes a
position to do light housework or as house-
keeper In city; good home more of object
than wages. Box 1496, ("all Office.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class waitress
and parlor maid; good references. Box 1495,
Call Office.
MIDDLE-Ai;i-:i> woman; situation to do g<Mi
oral housework; a good home more than
wages; city or country. 106H Third St.. r. 7.
WANTED — A place as housekeeper; no objec-
tion to children. 1506 Broadway.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day In
kitchen: is good German and American cook.
Call 1436 Pine st.. near Polk.
AMERICAN woman wants work In American
small family; no washing: no children; good
plain cook; pity references: wages $15 per
month. i!3ij Minna st.
GOOD Scandinavian girl wishes place: gen-
eral housework. 2 Bowie aye., bet. Howard
and Folsom sts.
YOUNG girl would like~to asslsT with light
housework or mind children. Call 460 Minna.
YOUNG woman wishes position as chamber-
maid; city or country. Call for 3 days 21 H
Langton st.
DRESSMAKER, first-class fitter, stylish dra-
per and designer; thorough dress maker; by
the day. MISS WARWICK, 830 Geary st.
BY MOTHER and daughter In private fam-
ily, housework, city or country. MRS. HAR-
OLDS. SU Klßhth St., Oakland.
YOUNG lady wishes housekeeper's position or
do plain mending. 1104 Mission St.. corner
of Seventh, room 10.
GOOD cook and housekeeper; city or country;
references. Address MRS. J. W.. box 10, Call
Office, Oakland.
GIRL from the country wants to do general
housework in small respectable family; wages
$20. 703 (inugh st
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wants work
of any kind; good cook, laundress and seam-
stress; first-claw housekeeper. 935 Market
st., room 21.
RESPECTABLE elderly widow wiahes a sltua-
tlon as housekeeper in a widower's small
family; speaks German, English and Swedish.
Call at 1932 Maaon St., MRS. WILSON.
ELDERLY lady wishes position to assist in
light housework; more for home than sal-
ary. 29 Eddy^ st., room 23.
WOMAN in poor circumstances would like
some furniture and pay for It In work to any
_£"5 having it to spare. Box 1181, Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes situation as housekeeper
or do chamber work. 989 Howard st., cor
Sixth, room 14.
M i DDI I E " AGED w °raan wishes position as
housekeeper; country preferred. Call 109 A
Powell »t., room 39.
REFINED woman wants laundry work or
housework, 2 or 3 in family, where she would
be treated like one of family. 1219 Mission.
YOUNG lady wishes a position as typewriter
Apply 2.'. Grant aye.
YOUNG German woman wishes working house-
keeper s position or to do plain mending
Howard st., room S.
WOMAN with a three-year-old child wishes
position to do general housework near San
_Francisco. ISIS Bush st.
LADY wishes situation to do plain sewing and
repairing. 139 Fourth St.. room 10.
GOOD neat German girl wishes a place for
housework. 14 Rausch st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
lorn- interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 yeui) help;
tel. Main 1597. BRADLEY A CO., 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm t Office; house
tel. Grant 56. G*o. Aokl, 36 Geary.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau— Choloe help.
TeL East 777. SOj Geary st.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening. 122*4, O'Farrell; tel. Davis 605.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
beat help. 414^ O'Farrell »t.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help aad
Northern Hsclng Co. 1808 Polk; tel. Folk iZi. [
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
AN all-round practical track man wants situ-
ation as foreman; has had 15 years' expe-
rience in construction and yard work: best
of references. Address box MO. Call.
MAN wants situation as gardener or to take 1
care of horses; handy about the house. 709V4
Buchanan st.
BARBER, first-class man, 29 years of age,
married, wants steady work in first-class
shop only. Address L. LAMBERT. 431 Sixth.
MAN and wife would like to take charge of
vineyard or orchard; understand wine-mak-
ing and fruit-drying- Box 1495, Call.
YOUNG man wants situation: any kind of
work: city or country; understands cows,
horses, garden: reference. Address J. A.
MacDONALD, 214 Third st.
POSITION wanted by licensed engineer and
machinist; can do blacksmithing; reference.
Address Engineer, box 193, Call Office.
YOUNG man of 21, well acquainted with city,
wishes position; references given. Box 1522,
Call.
RELIABLE steady middle-aged German
wishes position in a private family; good
driver; understands gardening thoroughly;
handy with tools; references; city or country.
Box 1520, Call.
ALL-AROUND woodsman wishes a situation
as such to go to Alaska for a corporation,
providing fare is paid; is able to run an en-
gine. Address F. W. J., Humboldt House,
1309 Stockton st.
TRAVELING salesman of considerable experi-
ence wants side line on commission; tea. cof-
fee or a line to sell to hotels or restaurants;
commission to he paid when goods are ac-
cepted by the buyer; I carry Bradstreet. Ad-
drese Commercial Traveler, box 1492, Call.
GOOD, steady and reliable butoher wishes a
situation in the city. Address 2965 Twenty-
first st.
YOUNG man who has served 2 years at
plumber's trade would like to finish in good
shop. Address box 1510, Call.
ENGLISH groom, middle aged, steady and reli-
able, wantß work; good city references; small
wages. Address Oroom, box 1490, Call office.
BUSINESS men— Practical bookkeeper and of-
fice manager wants to fill vacancy occasioned
by Klondike exodus or otherwise. Account-
ant, 1212 Castro St., Oakland.
|25 CASH paid to party securing me permanent
clerical position in any business; best of ref-
erences. JAMES NEUMANN. 109 Taylor st.
WANTED— Position as first-class cutter, with
good experience in first-class tailoring; 8
years' experience. Addresß 'box 1469. Call.
AN all round, practical gardener, horseman,
milker, butter maker, cook for ranch or pri-
vate family, mints position. Address box
1474. Call office.
JAPANESE boy wants a position to do light
work. S. S., 18 Natoma st.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper and office man
desires position in wholesale mercantile line;
references. Box IRI9, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Maiv
ket; 200 rooms. 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $•
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low lntereat. UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant ay.
FEMALE HELP WASTED.
WORKING housekeeper; $10. MISS CULLEN,
525 Sutter st.
GIRL, wait on invalid; $10. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, $12. MISS CULLEN, 326
Sutter st.
WAITRESsT $20! MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter
street.
GERMAN cook. $35; second girl, 2 in family.
$26; nurse, $20; 12 housework girls, city and
country, $20 and $2.": 6 young girls, assist.
$10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOkT boarding-house, $30. MISS CULLEN,
325 Butter st.
MOTHER and daughter or two friends or sis-
ters, cook and second girl, $40, country.
MISS CI'LLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK, institution. $35. MIBB CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
NURSE. $20. MIPS CULLEN. 325 Butter St.
Laundress, $30. miss cullen. 325 sut-
ter st.
GIRL assist waiting. $15. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter Bt-
BECOND girl, country, $15. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
2 GERMAN cooks. $35 and $30. MISS CUL-
LEN. 826 Sutter St.
MAID, $20. MISS CULLBN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK. $35. MISS CULLEN. 326 Sutter st.
THREE waitresses. MarysvlUe. $22 80. $20;
waitress, Napa, $18; waitress, small place,
country, $15: restaurant waitress, $6: 2 res-
taurant waitresses, $5; waitress, $20 and
room; restaurant waitress. $4. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
THREE first-class chambermaids for first-class
country hotel, $20 and free fare. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
COOK, small boarding-house. $23 and found:
(icrman cook, $25; cook, Berkeley, $20; 5
housegirls, $20; Id housegirls, $12 to $18; ranch
cook. Lindsay, fare paid; cook, Gllroy. $20
fare paid; call early. C. R. HANBEN & CO.,
10S Geary st.
COOK for family of four. Reno. Nev.. no bak-
ing ur washing, fare paid, $25. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
WANTED— Ten laundresses, $25 and $30; two
German cooks, no wash, $30 and $25; cook,
small restaurant, $25: German second girl
and nurse, $25; waitress, restaurant, $5 a
week; waitress, country hotel, $20; English
nurse and second girl, $25; German and Scan-
dinavian girls for housework. Belvedere, San
Mateo, Oakland; 40 girls for housework in
city. $15, $20 and $25. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED — Lady clerk for our office; must be
able to speak some foreign language. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
GIRL for cooking and housework, private
family, country. $25; woman for ranch, So-
noma County, $15; girl for plain cooking and
housework, ranch, Merced, $15, and other
places. MURRAY & READY. Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOK for Modesto, $25; 3 girls, housework, $15;
girl, general housework. 8 In family. Fruit-
vale. $25; girl, German cooking and house-
work. $25; German woman to care for lady,
$10; 2 Otrman cooks. $25: 6 girls, general
housework, city, $15 to $20. MRS. LAMBERT
417 Powell Bt.
FRENCH second girl and cook, same house.
$25 and $20; housegirl. Monterey, $30; house-
girl, Merced. $26. 2 In family; housegirl. Oak-
land. $25; cook. $30: nurse. $20; 10 housegirls.
city,ats2s and $20. MRS. NORTON, 523 Sutter.
GIRL to work on coats; none but experienced
hand need apply. 465 Minna st.
APPRENTICE on custom pants; pay while
learning. 1039 Howard st.
WANTED— Strong, willing woman to do gen-
eral housework: wages. $20. Apply 140 Carl
St.; Halght-st. car; transfer at Masonic aye.
MODEL for cloak house, good figure required;
saleslady, stationery store; housekeeper, for
country hotel; copyists. 1023 Market st.
RESTAURANT checker; head waitress: sales-
lady, florist store; artistic milliner for coun-
try, good wages. 1023 Market st.
WANTED— Young German rirl to take care of
two children In Alameda. wages $10. Apply
P. BRITON. 204 Sacramento st.
YOUNG girl for general housework. $12. 515
Buena Vista aye., near Frederick «t.
BUTTONHOLE-MAKERS on custom vests!
869 Folsom st.
YOUNG girl to do light housework. 8422
Twenty-fifth st.
WOMAN for the country, Hjrht housework,
wages $10; Protestant. Call Wednesday, 1924
"-non St., between 'o and 3.
GIRL for general houspwork. 410 cTayton
street.
TAILORESB for country- Apply REISS BROS
24 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED waist trimmer; millinery
salesladies; young lady, candy store. 1023
Market st.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter; cashie7
$12; office assistant. 313 Bush st.
HOUSEKEEPER hotel; BalesladiesTcopyist^
bath attendant. 313 Bush st. w™.
LADY'S companion for Hawaii; invalid com-
panion ; lady's nurse. 313 Bush st.
WANTED— Neat girt for second work and
grown children. Address 1724 Bush st.
YOUNG girl for light housework, $8. Addlv
1410 Hyde st.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser wanted! Box 1521
C all Office.
WANTED— Smart girl to assist in light house-
work; 2 people. 311 Hayes st.
APPRENTICE girl wanted.~~lo44~Howard
SCANDINAVIAN or German girl! general
housework, small American family, $20, or no
wash, $15. Call 233 Third aye. to-day (Sun-
__ dayi _L talte Oearv r Sutter st. cars.
ELDERLY lady (non-Catholio). desiring pleas-
ant home more than wages, as housekeeper:
small family; small fruit ranch; country. !
near San Jose; no other women. Box 1443,
Call office.
HELP WAN _j_D— Continued.
TWO German apprentices on high grade
ladies' suits. HENRY WERTH ladies
Tailor, 1105 Leavenworth St.. near California.
GOOD waitress. 604 Thjrd^st.
WANTED — Girl to do general housework. Ap-
ply MRS. RULLP. 601 Hayes st.
LAI >IRK— Rooms, respectable house, from 26c
night and $1 50 week. 142 Seventh st.. Girard
House. "I
OPERATORS on steam power sewing machines
to make Levi Strauss & Co.'s riveted cloth-
ing. Apply MR. DAVIS, 32^ st.
MEN and women learn barber trade in •
weeks. PROF. TOM CHOKER 846 Seventh.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: positions
free; patterns 25c. MCDOWELL'S. 103 Port.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttinp School. 1079 Market
st.: perfect fit: no trying on: trial free.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. 14 McAllister
st.: monthly troubles, private diseases, etc.
616 LARK IN~ST.— Branch office of The CalL
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
MALE HELP WASTED.
MAN and wife. $40: cook and gardener. $40 to
$50. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
KITCHEN crew for a country hotel. $140:
head cook, second cook, dishwasher and
vegetable man. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108
Geary st.
FRY cook, $16 a week; cook, Italian and
French style, $50. small country hotel; cook,
country restaurant. $40; cook and dishwash-
er, near city, $55; bread and cake baker,
country shop, $35 and found: second baker.
$35 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st.
WAFFLE man, country hotel, $35, free fare.
C. R. HANSEN A CO.. IPS Gear}" St.
HEAD waiter, $75: waiters, country hotel,
free fare, $35; 3 waiter boys, $15; 3 waiters,
same country hotel, $22 50 and fare ad-
vanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary-
2 COLORED waiters, country hotel. $25 and
fare advanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108
Geary st.
NEAT young hotel clerk with California ex-
perience and references. $35 and found; as-
sistant clerk, oountry hotel, $20 and found;
porter, country hotel, see party here, $20;
porter and runner, country hotel. $20 and
found; 2 neat bell boys for a country hotel,
$15 and free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108
Geary st.
WASHER, country hotel laundry. $30 and
found; hanger-up, country- hotel laundry,
$30 and found and free fare: ironer, country
hntel laundry, $40 and free fare; polisher
and starcher. steam laundry. $30 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
BLACKSMITH, country shop, $40 and found
and fare paid; blacksmith helper, good
shoer, $40 and found and free fare. C. R.
HANSKX & CO., 108 Geary st.
1 WOODCHOPPER. $2 25 a cord; 1 woodchop-
per, $1 70 a cord; 15 woodchoppers, $1 25 a
cord; tools and grub advanced: choreman
for a ranch, $25 and found; choreboy for a
ranch. $15 and found; ranch blacksmith, $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary St.
50 men to do laboring work
on a railroad for a sawmill in the woods, $26
anil found, reduced fare. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
RAILROAD teamsters and laborers, free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
125 RAILROAD —
Laborers, $26 per month, found, half fare
pal*. MURRAY *i READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
CHEF cookTs6s. fare SOc; 4 cooks. $35, $45. $30;
4 waiters, $25; 2 dishwashers, $15; hotel por-
ter. $15; German second cook, $50; 8 short-
order cooks. MURRAY & READY. Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
TYPEWRITER, stenographer and bookkeeper,
$40, country merchandise store, see boss here;
3 solicitors for city dairy: 1 German grocery
clerk. MURRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BLACKSMITH, country shop. $2 50 a day: ma-
chinist, $1 a day and half profits of a coun-
try shop. MURRAY & READY. Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
DISHWASHER and assist cook. $25 and found,
exceptional good place. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636
Clay st.
THREE MILKERS, $30 and found, exceptional
good place; 2 milkers, another good Job, $20
and found; man for private residence, $20
and found, fare $1 50; shingle packer, see boss
here; hostler and gardener. MURRAY &
READY. Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay st.
29 FARM, orchard and vineyard hands, $25, $20
and $15 per month and found, for different
places; young man to herd stock. $10; 2 team-
sters, city, $1 75 day, city work; stableman,
country stable, $25 to $30, found; 3 choreboys
for ranches; 25 laborers, city Jobs, $1 75 day
and $26 per month, found. MURRAY A |
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay st.
125 WOODCHOPPERS. $1 25 and $1 cord: 97 tie-
makers. Sc. 9c and 10c each. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay st.
EM PLOTTERS
If you want the best helps send us your
orders; we supply the best help free of
charge; telephone Main 584 1 !. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay »t.
10 HOP farm hands for Napa Co! MURRAY &
READY. Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— SO laborers, city. $1 75 a day; 15
laborers, country, $1 a day and board ; East-
ern "farmer, $20; young German to drive milk
wagon. $20 and found; man for wine cellar:
woodsmen for summer's job, going wages;
tiemakers and cithers. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— First and second cook, first-class
hotel: third cook for country hotel. $30; res-
taurant waiters. $10 a week and $30; dish-
washers and others. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED- Butler for country, French or Ger-
man. $40: butler for city, $40: indoor servant,
city, $30: choreman. country, $2; man about
road house resort, $10; man on a vineyard,
$15 and found, steady work; pantryman for
hotel, $35; dishwasher. $20; assistant waiter,
$15; waiter, rirst-olasa hotel, $30; waiter for
a rpstaurant. $10 a week; 2 apprentices for
laundry, $10 to $15: porter, $10; others. AN-
DRE, 316 Ptockton st.
WANTED— 2O men to work on railroad. $26
and board, half fare paid, see party in city;
r. farm hands for vineyard, $20: 2 plow hands,
S2O: 2 milkers: nooks, waiters and others;
second cook, nice coffee saloon, $35. W. D.
EWER & CO., 626 Clay St.
TO go to-day— 2 machine miners. $3 a day;
shingle packer: dairyman. $20; cheese maker,
$30; 20 rail mad laborers, $26 and board R. T
WARD & CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
HEAD chef, city hotel; second cook; vegetable
man; 4 ranchmen. 1023 Market.
METER recorder, gas company. 2 openings;
counter clerk, steamship office, $66. 1023 Mkt.
BOY to work In kitchen and wait on tables;
boarding house; wages $15. 739 Fourth st.
AMATEUR musicians, brass and string, to
Join orchestra for social purposes. Apply A
MATTHIEr, 328 Bush st.
WANTED- At Montana House, 784H Mission
st., men to take rooms; 10c, 16c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
ELDERLY man to do chores around bakery.
1139 Folsom st.
PHYSICIAN wanted Immediately for country;
must be able man. Box 1497, Call office.
WANTED — Young man who has had experience
In raising poultry on a large scale: must
know how to milk; wages $20. Address A. B.
box 1«7. Call office.
WANTED— Men and women; work home; I pay
$8 to $16 a week for making crayon portraits;
new patent method; any one who can read or
write can do the work in spare time, day or
evening; send for particulars at once. H. A.
GRIPP. German Artist, Tyrone, Pa.
MAN able to speak German or French in wine-
house as barkeeper; also must know how to
sell goods Indoors: only one of good charac-
ter need apply. Box 149".. Call office.
TRAVELING liquor salesman: grocery sales-
man; hotel clerk; assistant bookkeeper. 313
Bush st.
MARRIED janitor for I/OS Angeles; hotel
manager. $100; hotel clerk. 313 Bush.
GROCERY clerk; drygoods clerk; assistant
bookkeeper; office clerk. 313 Rush st.
RANCH foreman, married; express driver,
wholesale house; porter: laundry driver;
marker: hotel porter. 313 Bush st.
WANTED— Strong boy to learn carriage black-
smithing: experience preferred. S2B Harrison.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 1416 Howard st.
SHOEMAKER w.inted on repairing. IMI9 Rail-
road aye.. South San Francisco.
SOLICITOR, wagon furnished, and boy with
experience in shoe repairing; reference re-
quired. 76T Market st.
BITI.ER, $40; references. MRS. LAURENCE.
SO6 Sutter St.
SHOEMAKER wanted to buy a shoeshop at
636 Commercial st.
GOOD waiter. 1245 Kentucky St.. the Model
Restaurant, Potrero.
AGENTS wanted. Yokohama Tea Co., 204
Sixth st.
WANTED— IO men to occupy clean rooms at
2 nights for 25c or 75c week. 105 New Mont-
gomery st.
i MEN to go north for the summer: no experi-
ence necessary; long job. HERMAN'S, 26
Steuart st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
PROOP.ESSIVE Barber.' Free employment. H.
BERNARD. S".-y-. MB 7th; taL South G2S.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 105
Fourth st. ______ — —
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno HoOM ProP r0 P rie . tt ° r> lo 8 " l i
runs Denver House. 117 st. ; 160 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 t<^s3 J>er week.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men. between the ages oi
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of th»
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be De-
tween 5 feet G inches and 6 feet in height.
For further information apply at tne re-
cruiting office, 20 Ellis st.. San Francisco, cai.
GOOD man to sell Egry autographic registers.
PERNAI" BROS., 543 Clay street.
EXPERIENCED preamr on cloaks at M. SIM-
INOFF'S. 1228 Market st.
MEN to learn barber trad- in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College, ]38»4 Eighthj3t.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from -he ferry.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week; hnt and cold baths.
MARKET, 4— Branch office of The Call: want
ads and subscriptions takeu.
SINGLE rooms, loc and lac night; 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Si_th and Howard sts.
MARKET. S63>- (Klfho Honse)— Rooms 20c. 250
to 50c per night; $1 to $2 week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Butter^
TRY Acme House, 967 Market st., below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employ m't Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye. Tel. Grant IM.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The c_il.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED— In every city on the coast for Re*
Incandescent Gas Lamps. J. HENDERSON.
309 Stockton st.
"ONLY perfect vapor bath." Greatest selle*
on earth. Hygienic Bath Cabinet Co.. Nash-
ville. Term.
Fl RNITIRE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to fll! new building. 84« Mis-
sion et.; tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 18 Mont-
gomery st. ; highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 7L
H5 LA RKlN— Branch office of The Call; sut>-
scilption? and want ads taken.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted; $150; good chance. Bo<
14*9, Call office.
KLONDIKE manufacturer at Dawson: partner
wanted with $2000; reference. Address box
1454. Call.
$100--PARTNER in paint store. Address 10*
Eleventh St., box 16.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— By a lady sunny room with
board in a small boarding-house or family;
Jewish preferred; extra services needed. Box
1493. Call Office.
LADY will teach piano, etc., in return tor
room and partial board. R"X 1512. fall office.
R00.4S WASTED.
WANTED — Room for light housekeeping on
Ellis or O'Farrell, not more than 8 blocks
from Market: must be cheap and partly fur-
nished. Address box 1506. Call.
WANTED — 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms. 606
Franklin st.
WANTED— By 3 adults, sunny 4 or 5 room flat;
Mission or Western Addition. 1031 Market st.,
room 5.
WASTED- MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Good second-hand bricks in large
or small quantities. Apply THOMAS
HUTCHER. Builders' Exchange, 40 New
Montgomery St., bet. 12 and 1 p. m.
BAKER desires to be furnished with eggs
from country; one price the year round. 1139
Folsom st.
WANTED — One good second-hand barber chair;
must be cheap. Address box 1462, Call.
WANTED— SSOOO worth of second-hand toohi
and machinery. 654 Mission st.
WANTED— IOO goats for feeding the animals.
Address the Zoo, Chutes, city.
I SECOND-HAND blacksmith tools wanted at
once. 204 Mission st.
! PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold] silver. cast-of£
clnthlng bought. Add. mi.F.MAX. 41 Third.
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL seeking marriage, call or send 10c for.
February "Wedding Bell"; 14 pages; no $5 ir A
quired. Editor. 11l Ellis st., San Francisco. |
BCSPfESS PERSONALS.
WANTED— First-clays old violin; lady's size.
GEO. M.. box 1173. Call Office.
NEW method massagp, electric theatment;
heated room. MRS.JOHNSTON.IIS Grant ay.
THE correct dressing of the hair is highly Im-
portant; my artists are correct; 2»c only.
Good switches, $1; best, finest quality, $3 50;
extra heavy, long. $5. Open Sundays from 9
to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic stops falling or thin-
ning out. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. nr. Market; 800 rooms.
25c to Jl DO per night; Jl 50 to J6 per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made ia
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay St.. S. F.
AGENT wanted to take orders for merchant
tailoring. NEUHAUS & CO., 115 Kearny.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage: Swedish
movement. 906 Market, room 25, second floor,
TRUNKS moved. 26c. Commercial Transfe*
Co., 32 Stockton at.; phone Main 49.
SUIT to order on easy installments. L».
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
_wholesale figures. 20 Pan^ome st.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dressest
J5 up; dresse? made over. 6 EdUy st., rm. 86.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity: disgrac*
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, horn%
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write: free: con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 59
McAllister St.; pills, J2.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once: safa
and sure at any time; Uind sympathy and
aid; Instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home in confinement:
best oare and privacy: for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills and capsules, Jl.
MRS DR. WYETH. 918 Post et., nr. Larkln.
DRS. GOODWIN, 401 Van Ness aye.— Ladies,
near or far, consult free the only doctor who
uses Schenck's method, the celebrated French
physician: a safe, sure and reliable cure for
all irregularities from whatever . cause; re-
stores strength and vigor of organs; unex-
celled: 15 years' practice; maternity home;
best skill, low fees; pills. $2
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all ' female
diseases: a home in confinement, with best
possible care: with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital: those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find In her a true friend. MRS.
DR. QWTER. 226 Turk st.
SURE cure, when others fall; no medicine or
Instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter front
that cause; restore In 1 day; never falls:
consultation free: can be sent and used at
home. DR. POPPER, 313 Keerny; orders by
telephone. ■
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause): no Instruments used: cure at of-
fice. $5: consultation free: hours 10 to 5. DR.
AND MRS KOHL. Ill' Market st.
LADIES. ChlrhPSter's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand) best: safe. -reliable: take
no other: «end 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladles." letter by return mail: at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phila.
A BOON to wives and mothers — Seguro; price
1160. RICHARDS * CO., 406 Clay St.; send
Sc stamp for particulars to Segruro Manu-
facturing Co.. 831 X St.. Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAtTS French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe, cure: $2 50'
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too lats*
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
CAPSULETAS— Preventive; sure ; -■ harmless 1
guaranteed or < money refunded; price II 50 I
__MME. MASSOX. 1223 Geary si? P " • •*'
DR. HALL 69 McAllister st. ; diseases of wo-"
men and children. - ™
I'AprcS— Mr«. Dr. Puets: Infallible, safe rem-
- edles; 88 years' experience. 26414 Fourth st.
H mr! ™ C ™?v4?ir nt i " diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FLNKE. ; 1416 Bth St.. Alameda,UVbIXESS CHANCES.
$200 — COH. saloon, among wholesale houses;
large stock; rt-nt cheap; paying trade; *. d
place for 2 men. M LESS. 7» Market M.
XiC — PARTNER wanted In restaurant; well
paying: principal; centra!; owner tired of un-
reliable help; sober man. 11. LESB, 7t". Mkt.
; I ».'<v:i:v. one of the oldest established
best paying In city; has best class of cash
customers; store trade $2o to $30 per day. f4">,
j Sunday and holidays; borae :md wagon;
all private trad*', reasonable rent; situated
in excellent 1 callty; this is without doubt
the best Investment ever offered in bakery
■'.!';. '..;,:- strictest and most rigid in-
vestigation; full trial allowed to intending
purchaser. M LESS. IK Market st.
Btaoilahed manufacturing business
In this city for sale; either cash or will trade
country property; price less than
value Ot stock uiul fixtures; no reasonable
refused: a grand opportunity for any
M LESS, 7» Uarfcet st.
. 1 KKY and p revision store in
. -t location in Oakland: established
.cars and doing good business; 4 liv-
Uis; re::t $13. Inquire WILKE, 753
•
tabltshed and flrst-daes paying sa-
•;■. living-rooms, close to Kearny and
: actual value $2uCO; owner
•. sickness to sacrifice. WILKE,
' ,
NKK wanted In old-estabiished
. doing a rushing business day
overwork compels owner to take
>llable man as helper. Particulars
WILKE, 7« Market st.
I •• N with 9 furnished rooms, on How-
I kept !>> present owner 12 years; doing
business; runt $17. Call WILKE;, RI
Market st. T
I ORNER saloon, half block from Market
. se •• Pbelan bi r. a .■'. paying place;
m't apree. WILKE, 753 Market st.
A $l? 0; RESTAURANT, worth $300, line tran-
tn.de; sickness cause of sale. KREDO.
Qeary st.
. GROCERY, bar. dining room and fur-
ms; never changed hands; worth
|2000; better than Klondike. KREDO & CO..
. leary st.
X-J12O0: VAUIKTY notions and branch bak-
ery; eunrantecd to clear over $litt month:
positively best in the city; full value in
stock. KREDO -v CO . H% Geary st.
A— $250; HOME bakery; bargain at $50>3; noth-
ing like it ever offered. KREDO & CO.. 22Vi
Geary at.
X— $500; SALOON and lunch, near theaters;
snap.
$600— Saloon; best town near city.
$<i&0- Saloon; best corner north of Market.
■v loaned. KREDO £ C(V. HH Oeary.
CIGAR-STAND, near Baldwin Hotel $;'•">"
Restaurant, best In city 300
Saloon; fine corner, down town 2000
Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market at.
HEW and second-hand furniture store 'for sale
at a bargain. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
BAKERY, large oven; receipts $40 day; biggest
bargain ever offered. DECKER. 1020 Market.
CIGAR-STAND, near Examiner office, worth
$1000, only $450. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
$4f>O— CORNER grocery and bar;, a bargain.
$Soo— Grocery and bar; best corner in city.
$250 — Very nice cigar store: good location.
$;>iX) — Branch bakery and notions; paying well.
Also several saloons and restaurants.
At ANDERSON & CO.'S, 777 Market st.
$375— RESTAURANT. STRAND. 23 Kearny
street.
S»W— SALOON for sale. STRAND, 23 Kearny
street.
$250 — Wanted steady man to deposit with em-
ployer as security; salary. $50 month, secur-
ity given. MCLAUGHLIN, 30 Kearny st.
$75— BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor, furni-
ture Included. WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market.
$850— GROCERY, stock and fixtures, including
horse and wagon, with an old established
trade in best location of Oakland. Address
'•Grocer," box 11, Call Office. Oakland.
SALOON. IS Sixth St.; a bargain to a quick
cash buyer. Inquire between S and 9:30 a. m..
A. McDonald, 25 Davis at.
$50 — For sale oyster and lunch parlors, near
Market st. Apply 33 Third st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant for sale; good
order; low rent; investigate. 249 Fourth St.
A CHANCE FOR A FORTUNE! .!
THE NEW WALDO HOUSE.
765 Mission, bet. Third and Fourth, San Fran-
cisco; 94 rooms; all new beds; on one floor;
running full, cheap rent, long lease, privilege
of renewing same; on investment of $2000 for
1837 eighty (SO) per cent per annum was real-
ized over all expenses, which can be proved,
with even better prospects this year: for sale
un accoount of failing health and old age.
Address as above or inquire on premises.
$150 INVESTED enables you to Join enterprise
now yielding 150 per cent monthly; no stock
or Klondike scheme; safe, practical success.
David Sloane, 110 St. Paul St.. Baltimore, Md.
1300— PARTNER wanted In light business
suited to plain Pteady man; $18 to $25 a We«k;
no experience required; .trial given. 9 Geary-
,. St. room 2. ■ • • .-.
FINE store, cor. Oak and Franklin sts., rent
$20; 2 line basements, off Market st., suitable
for any business or storage. Apply 15 Grant.
OLD-ESTABLISHED news and stationery
store and laundry office, doing good business:
,I am going to Alaska.; make offer. 10l Fifth.
VTJ R SALE— Barber shop; cheap rent; good
opportunity: owner going to Europe. Full
particulars SSI Geary st.
FOR SALE— Restaurant and chop house; best
location; opposite the ferries. Call at IS
East st.
GOOD paying laundry for couple; good loca-
tion: small rent. 310S Sixteenth st.
FOR SALE— An old establish^ Jewel store
. In the heart of the Mission. ISOO Howard st.
SALOON at a reasonable price; good location.
Apply Albany Brewery.
FOR — Country hotel, 20 rooms: nice club
hall; very fine bar; $200 stock; everything
new: very low rent; on account of sickness;
no agent; 5-year lease. Exchange Hotel, Mar-
tinez, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS saloon; best location; receipts
from $15 to $45 per day; too much other busi-
ness; will »ell for less than half value. Gro-
cery, cor. Sixth and Howard sts. <
OLD-ESTABLISHED grocery business; fine
stock; paying business; party retiring ac-
count age; also dwelling. 9 rooms; modern
Improvements; stable; lot 125x150; easy terms.
Lock box 343, Napa. Cat.
$1000— ONE-TENTH Interest In advertising bus-
iness; at conservative estimate will net $5000
a year in S. F. : Investor can handle his own
money. Apply CAHILL. 107 Sixth st.
PARTY leaving city will sell a paying business
at a sacrifice; stationery, notions, etc.; fur-
nished living rooms; no reasonable offer re-
fused. Address box 1472. Call office. '
FOR SALE — Hotel close to railroad passen-
ger depot in lively country town; every-
i thing newly furnished and in good run-
ning order. - For particulars apply to lie-
LEOD _ HATJE. 515 Market st.
BUTCHER shop for sale. Address box 1516,
Call office.
PLAY the races on our new system; $00 a
week on $100 capital guaranteed or no charge
for • Bervicea. The American Turf Bureau,
rooms 5 and 6. 830 Market St., San Francisco.
ONE of the .best-paying restaurants In the
city; Investigate. 621-C23 Montgomery st.
3} CORNER grocery and bar; 2 living rooms; good
• CORNER grocery and bar; 2 living rooms; good
place for man and wife. 117 Fillniore st.
FOR sale — One of the best bakeries In the city.
Inquire at 1509 Polk St.
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Regist'd Pat.
Agents; established 1862. 319 Pine St.. city.
HONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
BUTCHER shop for sale cheap; great bargain;
everything new; horse, cart and cash outside
trade; no agent: retiring. Address Butcher,
box 5. Call Office, Oakland. : . .
GRAND opening for one with $500 cash; $2000 j
yearly sure; closest investigation granted: i
call personally. R. BENJAMIN. 11l Ellis st.
$3000— CORNER lot, with a large house near
narrow and broad gauge crossing. Ookland.
Address F.. 2422 Polk St., San Francisco.
PARTNER attend office; cash business;
pays $300 mo.; O. K. 118S and 1190 Mission st.
DAIRY produce business. 813 Fifth st.
RESTAURANT and bar for sale. Apply 107
I Berry St.. near Third.
ANY one who has from $5000 to $25,000 to In-
vest In the best dairy, hog and wood propo- \
sition on the Pacific Coast will find it to !
their interest to write for particulars to j
H. W. SWEET, Kirk wood, Cal. I
FOR sale Paying grocery and bar; south of
Market St.; must sell on account of sickness, i
WICHMAN. LUTGEN _ CO., 318 Clay st.
GOOD paying restaurant; average $15 per day;
low rent; soiling account of departure. Ap-
ply 2424 Mission st. 
LARGE city paper route, growing territory, for
sale as a whole or part. Apply at Call office.
GOOD saloon for sale; full stock; price $250.
Box 3442. Call office, \,
$425 — Cigar store; northwest corner Kearny and
California sts.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or at 133 Third St., Portland. Oregon.
and tea routes supplied • from GEO.
W W. CASWELL _ CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st .
4 MARKET ST.— Rrnnch office a* The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken. ■ _
LOST. J ,
BLOST8 LOST— Sunday night on Market st., lady's
feather boa; satisfactory reward If returned' |
to 621* Hayes st i
__ AUL.q ENTERPRISES.
GUIDE for the Yukon; returned from Dawson
this winter; will be back this spring to re-
present .my mining interest;, be recommended
as a sure guide to the interior; true infor-
mation can be given, how to go, what to
take and about the mining districts, where
I was personally prospecting and locating;
contracts to guide parties to the Klondike
will 1... taken. Address F. H.. box 1513. Call.
YUKON dog harness: best made, for sale by
all outfitters. SAMMANN. 1238 Flllmorc st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros lor sale.
11. r;u> Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sts,
K £-ONDIKERS wl - shtr Information about out-
ntting In Victoria, call or write 50% Third.
THE swift sailer Helen W. Almy Is ready to
VV aYe v. for Co er River and Cook's Inlet about
March 10. 1395; low rates for passage and
rrelpht. Apply at once to owners, MOHNS &
KALTENBACH. 29 Market st.
KLONDIKE doers: also Great Danes and Fox
terriers. KIM, IP'S Sale Yard. 1730 Market st
CHEAPEST and best Klondike stoves In the
world. HOLMES & CO.. 416-41S Jackson st.
DOGS for Klondike; three Scotch collies, broke
for work. C. KRAMER, 400 Pacific st.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing: heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY. Batten' and Jackson sts.
A-$165 WHOLESALE will outfit you for Alas-
ka; everything complete, ticket Included, for 1
year. For particulars call or address DOWN-
L\<». 1f106% DevlEadero st. ; reference given.
STEAMBOAT companies wishing to get cap-
tains. pilots, barge pilots of. 20 years' expe-
rience for light draught boats can get same
by applying 2 Cal. St. Capt. F. H. Lruthers.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW, 4 Sutter.
DOGS for Klondike— 2s strong dogs for imme-
diate use. 510 Van Ness aye.
WHAT you must haye — only makers of the
genuine Klondike moccasin on this Coast
Pacific Shoe Co.. 139 First St.
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats. SBARBORO & CO .
wholesale find retail grccera. 531 Washington.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers. Geary.
Money to loan to customers; low rates.
67 rooms; elegant, sunny corner .$5,000
26 rooms; Market: clears $75: snap 450
23 rooms; first-class; all rented 900
21 rooms; best In city: clears $55. ........ $00
20 rooms; monthly receipts $350. 1,600
17 rooms; near Kearny: offices; transient 1,200
15 rooms; clears $40 month 275
12 rooms; Third St.; rent $27 50 V ' 200
II rooms: all rented; corner; worth $600 -325
12 rooms; Market; boarding: must sell.. 675
11 rooms; Ninth Ft.; clears $50 month.... 450
10 rooms; all new; central and sunny.. 325
7 rooms; O'Farrell; clears $35 225
Many special bargains; best In this city.
$1000— 20 rooms; fine sunny corner; never
changed hands: elegant furniture: worth
$2500; clears $160; low rent. KREDO & CO.
$350— 10 rooms: clears $50; snap; must be sold;
Klondike. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary st.
7 ROOMS, near Baldwin; bargain 250
32 rooms, on Market: clears $250 2WO
24 rooms, on Kearny; clears $200 1500
22 rooms. near Baldwin Hotel (transient). 1300
30 rooms: central: 2 fronts; worth $1200... 550
Hotel in mining town; good bar 1000
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
GOING to Washington— 2o rooms; best loca-
tion; rent $33; clears $40; cheap. 4S Seventh.
FOR SALE— Coso lodging house, 115 rooms. 411
Sansome st.
$100 BUYS a 7-room furnished house; all full.
Cull at «21 Howard st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FEW PRICES WORTH CONSIDERING IN
SECOND-HAND PIANOS—
Manhattan -......$ 75
R..nisch 150
Cameron .....;.'... 200
Bans : ■■ 2.-0
Byron Mauzy 300
Call and examine. Warerooms BYRON
MAUZY, 303-312 Post St.
A FEW more bargains In second-band pianos
R. >nl sen : $125
Mathusheck IBS
Augustus Baur & Co 200
Cameron 250
Byron Mauzy :... .... : 300
BYRON MAUZY, 308-312 Post. St.
WHAT THAT? ■ YOU ARE?
GOING TO BUY A PIANO? .
WELL, NOW, WHAT DO YOU WANT? .
- A piano made in 1898. with every dollar ex-
pended on the instrument, modern In every
respect, with all the late attachments, or the
same old piano made from 1549 scales? ■
I have a piano to sell that I will guarantee
from- top to bottom and will back It with
every dollar I have. As I own my own build-
Ing and store, and as the manufacturers also
back this Instrument with $2,000,000, this, I
think, a good guarantee.- .-. - -.. . • -. ..-
The piano is the Klngsbury--. .-■-•_. •
' • The price Is $225. ■ - ' - V ■ . .
The address is 526 Hayes St. . i
The firm Is J. HARRY SCOTT. I
ON account of '-extensive alterations In -our'
warerooms we offer the following bargains:
One Newhall piano $ 55
One Raven & Bacon piano 70
One New York piano 100
One Gilbert piano ............125
One Mathushek piano 140
One Weber piano 165
One Gablex piano ■ 195
One Jewett piano 215 ,
One StPlnway piano 2SO
One Steck piano 345
One Checkering piano 355
All guaranteed: easy payments. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell St.
ANY person having use for a piano need not
do without when good instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices upon !
monthly payments of $3. $4, $- >. 6. $7. $S. $9, ,
$10: handsome scarf and wood seat stool In-
cluded; no charge for cartage. Purchase your j
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Stelnway without sacri- |
fice. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Putter sts. i
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER &' CHASE'S.
28, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical ■ instruments of all
grades anil prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
FINE Steinway, $150: a $580 Dewing Bros, j
piano, $250; a $600 Chase. $300; a $600 Hard-
man, $325: the greatest genuine opportunity '■
In the city for cash buyers: no worn out. !
worthless Instruments here: every piano gntd.
J. DEWING CO.. 2d fir., Flood big., 4th&Mkt.
ABSOLUTE bargains this week: • Steinway,
Steck. Conover. Chlckerlng. Emerson, Hal-
let & Davis: all as good as new. THE F.
W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market st.
FINE tone, large size upright, $12.V. great bar-
gain: new Decker & Son and Gibson pianos
at low prices. MAT'VAIS. 769 Market st.
COLBY pianos are the best for th« money In
the market: highest award at World's Fair;
call and see for yourselves. 933 Market st.
SOHMKR & CO., Byron Ifatuty, N'ewby, Evans,
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 30S, 310, 312 Post St.
ADMINISTRATOR P sale-Must sell pianos at
Immense reduction for caah or on install-
ments. EATON KSTATK. 735 Market St.
FINK $;,f>o piano; sacrificed; owner going to
Kuroi..--. H, IX 1699. Call.
GREAT bargain; Standard upright (nn stor-
age); party gone to Klondike; cheap. 208 Post.
HORNTTNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 Post st.
$125— FINE upright: great bargain. 16 McAllis-
ter St., next Hlbernia Hank. SCHMTTZ.
AGENCY Haines Rros. pianos; Becond-hand
pianos, vv r > up. w. r. Hamilton, 324 Post.
• KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLKK & CHASB, M OFarrell B t.
I BUPftRIOR violins, either*, old and new. 11.
MTTLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad, lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis.
CHEAPKRT and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free.
CARPET €-_CAjn_O.
I CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
SS and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 260.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama at.; tel. 80. 40.
I J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating,
alteration works. 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor, j
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at 3o- I
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.: tel. J* as [} e _j >44 - |
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-cleaning :
Works. 14 Sth st. B_ GRANTj tel. Jessie 201. I
J. E. MITCHELL Car^et-cleanlng Co.. 240 14t_ j
St.: cleaning. 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLfN-sTcarpet-beatlng Works. 33S Ooldea
Gate aye. : telephone East 126.
CARPET^ PgR 8--J-
10 000' YARDS carpets for sale, 15c per yard !
and upward. Monarch Carpet Cleaning I
Works, lift Tenth Ht. Tel. Mint 1779.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVIC-Tfree; divorce laws specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections, wills, |
p -obate. Insolvency, deeds, damages, mort- ;
gages, copartnership, bills-of-sale. patents,
trademarks, etc ; established 10 years. G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. J
\V. W. DAVIDSON. a 27 Market at. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 8, 1898.
: houses TO LET.
I ALL OVEK TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
. FURNISHED house, 7 roams, bath; large yard;
latest ■ Improvements; furniture new; piano;
j near Pleasanton Hotel; only responsible par-
I ties need apply. Box 1437, Call office.
! SACRAMENTO, 1363— New flat of 6 rooms;
modern improvements; sun all Hay. :
i TENTH. 321—4 sunny rooms; -large yard; rent
gS. m
TWENTY-THIRD, 2754. between York and
Hampshire— 6 rooms, bath; large yard; $16.
I UNION, 801. corner Mason— s - rooms; $13; SO5
Union, 4 rooms, $9; 1056 Pacific,-, corner 4
rooms. $12; Hlmmelman . place, 4 rooms, $10;
all flats. • • ,'•■
j 6-ROOM house and basement, $11; Laurel aye.,
near Turk and Buchanan sts. HOOKER ■&
LENT. 14 Post st. ....'■-...
$3-HOL T SE; 5 rooms; new; be well and happy;
live on the hill. 1.167 Kearny.
j $15— TO let. house of 4 rooms and bath: stable
i for 3 horses. 2430 Harrison, bet. 20th and 21st.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED house, 11 rooms, $55. 16 Devls-
adero, above Halght, 10 to 2.
FURNITURE, etc.. of 10 rooms for sale: privi-
lege renting premises. Box 1145, Call office.
: HOUSE. 8 rooms, to let: furniture for sale; no
dealers. 332 Hyde st.
MISSION. 2726— Parlor floor, 5 nicely furnished
rooms; every convenience for housekeeping;
piano; bnth: garden: large basement: $25.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 0 rooms, bath, base-
nient; yard; cheap. 1876 15th St., nr. Dolores.
FURNISHED FLATS.
j 3 FURNISHED rooms for sale on' account
of leaving city; rent cheap. 728% Union at. ,
FLATS TO LET. .
ALL OVER TOWN " *~~ : ~ 2
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
I HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st. ■
' BAY-WINDOW flat of four rooms, 1 $11 per
1 month. 1364 Stevenson St., near Thirteenth.
, BEAUTIFUL flat of 8 rooms, bath and every
I convenience; rent $30. 1505 Geary st.
j CLAY, 161.'.8. near Polk— Modern lower flat; 6
rooms; large yard; $25. '
: FELL, 1118— Upper flat 6 sunny rooms; alcove
parlors, etc.
FIFTH, 325—3 clean furnished housekeeping
rooms, $13; 2, $12; also single room, $5.
i FOLSOM. 900. near Fifth— sl2; new middle bay-
window flat, 3 rooms; gaR, bath. tuba.
HAIGHT, 1021. above Broderlck— Nice sunny
j 6-room flat; best neighborhood.
I HOWARD and Twelfth— corner flat. 7
; rooms and bath; 3 bay windows; rent $25. Key
In store.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
i NEAR City Hall, elegant flat. 5 rooms, bath,
$18. 141 Grove St. . .
NINETEENTH. 8980, 1 block from Eighteenth
or Castro st. cars; lovely lower sunny 6-ropm
flat; modern: $18; water free.
RENT $7; 11S3A Valencia St., near Twenty-
third; sunny flat of 3 rooms and bath.
I SCOTT, 2035. corner Sacramento — Eight room
flat: modern; sunny: with attic; reasonable.'
SUNNY corner flat. 5 rooms. $17; inside flat
with bath, $15; newly painted and papered.
Corner Twelfth and Folsom sts. Apply
BALDWIN A HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
I $10— FLAT 1123 Vallejo St., nr. Leavenworth; 4
! rooms; large separate yard; rent reduced.
517 FLAT. 6 r..oms, bath: modern. 144S Va-
lencia st., n«-ar Twenty-fifth.
' $13— WATER free; sunny lowt.-r 4-room flat;
modern; large lot: garden. 407 a Twenty-third
St., few steps from Castro; care key 4071.
ISO CHEAPEST flat In city; 8 rooms, bath.
SXM Valencia £t.. near Seventeenth.
, $35— LOVELY sunny modern flat Of 7 rooms;
024 Golden Gate aye., near Van Ness.
HOCSKKBEPIXQ BOOHS.
BRYANT, r.ll. near Third -Nicely furnished
sunny suite*, from $7 per month up.
I EpDY. 118— Pleasant, clean, sunny rooms, $6
up: housekeeping rooms cheap; quiet house.
KPI'Y. M 7 Nicely furnished connecting house-
keeping rooms; g:i? range; splendid location.
FIFTH, 344—2 furnished housekeeping rooms,
reasonable; single rooms, t*'. private family.
FlI.Tt >N, 41 — Comfortably furnished front
room and kitchen; $12 month; private farnjly.
OJBARY, 42H~Lipht housekeeping and other
sunny single and double rooms; no children.
GOLDEN GATE, 1650—2 or 3 large, nicely fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping, or single;
gas cook stove; free use of telephone.
HOWARD in* I or I large sunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
MISSION, SB- 1 housekeeping rooms; well
furnished; $10; apply In store.
MISSION, 1241— Buy-wlnrtow floor front, back
parlor ami kitchen; finely furnished.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 1G Grant ay.
NATOMA. 60.V- 2 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; also single: rent reasonable.
POLK, 522 — Nicely furnlshe.l housekeeping
Kiitte. complete; also sunny cozy front room.
BHIPLET, 232—2 newly furnish. -.1 front and
back housekeeping rooms, $7 per month.
SIXTH, 132—3 rooms for housekeeping. $12 a
month; other rooms. $6 a month up.
TENTH. 111, near Market— 2 nicely furmuhed
sunny housekeeping rooms; also other r ■■:..>.
THIRD. 22S— Elegantly furnished single or
double rooms, with use of kitchen; suitable
for young couple or for 2 young men.
TI'RK, 543—2 or 3 sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping; gas, stoves, bath.
TWELFTH, 145—2 nicely furnished sunny
rooms, complete for housekeeping.
TWENTIETH. 3622. near Valencia— l OF * HO'
ny connecting furnished rooms and bath.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3883—4 sunny rooms, gas
and bath: Twenty-second st. cars pass tha
door; rent $10.
WASHINGTON, r.o2— Why pay carfare and
live out of town? 3 sunny unfurnished rooms;
IS; Fingle rooms $2 50 and $3; marble wash-
stands: water.
$C— 2 ROOMS nnd kitchen; water free. 615
Birch aye.. bet Lagiina and Buchanan.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonuble.
i ALTON, 204 McAllister— Sunny front suites,
suitable for 3 or 4 people.
| AT the Florence Hotel, -102 Ellis, cor. Powell-
Elegant sunny rooms, en suite or single;
quiet home for families and those who ap-
preciate comfort; elevator; baths; reasonable.
'Bohemia, 239 Post— Newly tarhlahed; fami-
lies and gentlemen: references given.
BUSH, S2fi— Large sunny room; hot and cold
water; for gentlemen.
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo.: nice suites.
EDDY. 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night.
50c to $1; week. $2 to $6; families.
| EIGHTH, 115—2 nicely furnished sunny bay-
window rooms, single or en suite; running
water; grate; gus.
' FIFTH, 4284—2 sunny rooms, furnished com-
pletely for housekeeping; water in kitchen.
I FOLBOM, 760—2 sunny -urniahed front rooms:
rent cheap.
i FRANKLIN, 607— Single room for gentleman;
private family; use of bath: hot and cold
water; $6 per month.
I OKART, "622— Nicely furnished single and dou-
ble rooms; bath, gas; reasonable.
I GEARY, G7s— Elegantly furnished front room;
bath; gas; running water; suitable tor two;
$10 per month.
I Git AND SOUTHERN. SE. ror. Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single: elevator; moderate rates; families.
GROVE, 101. cor. Polk— Pleasant front room
for light housekeeping; privute family.
j HANCOCK HOUSE. 7SI MlssionrTeTect family
rooming house; $1 50 to $G per wvli.
HARRISON. 946. near Sixth— Nice large single
rooms, $5 per month.
HOWARD, 710, ST. DAVID'S— 2OO rooms;
suites; single: sunny reading-room; 26c up.
HOWARD, 7C2— Large back room, unfurnished,
with grate and water; single; $4 a month.
HOWARD, 9S9— By day, week or month; 25c,
30c, 75c and $1 per day; $5 to $15 per month.
JOKES, 1705, near Broadway — 4 nice sunny
rooms; grand marine view; rent cheap.
LARKIN. 704— Large sunny bay window
rooms; all conveniences; private family;
reaxonablc.
LINDEN aye.. 331 — 4 rooms and bath, unfur-
nished. Inquire at 328 Fell st.
McALLISTER, 511— Sunny back parlor; grate;
gas: bath; $S month; 2 gentlemen.
McALLISTER, Gls— Nicely furnished front
suite; $15 per month: hot and cold water.
MINNA. 6G7, corner Eighth— New»~ *M»_lshed
bay-window room; $1 a week.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
MISSION. 1145 (The Stella)— Newly furnished
Bunny suites,' single rrtoms, $5 mo. up; quiet.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry:
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
NEW FRANKLIN. 321 Pacific— Rooms. fur-
nlshed or unfurnished; day, week or month.
OCTAVIA, 1410, near Geary— Sunny rooms,
suite or single. v
O'FARRELL. 327— Large front room. $10; sin-
gle rooms. $4 and $6 per month.
O'FARRELL. 329— Sunny furnished rooms; en
suite or single:' reasonable.
PHILADELPHIA House, 421 Bush— Rooms;
gas; running water: $1 week up; sunny.
POWELL 203 (The Montello)— Sunny suites
and single* rooms; reasonable; transient.
POWELL, 509— Two nicely furnished sunny
looms adjoining; suitable for two gentlemen.
SCOTT, 113—2 sunny connecting rooms, partly
furnished: gas: bnth. . ■ ■ .' ■
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near*- Market; furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 17— European; elegant rooms;
suite or single; day, week or month; baths;
hot and . cold water; transient; elevator.
SUTTER 715-717-719. and 609 Hyde— Furnished
and unfurn.; choice and sunny; reasonable.
TAYLOR. 10S— Nicely furnished front sunny
suite; light housekeeping; also gunny single
room. ; _*
TAYLOR, 708-rWeU furnished sunny room for
cpntl«*man.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
ELLIS 577— Nicely furnished 'front suite, with
board, for 2 or 3; terms reasonable.
FELL, 2C Nicely furnished sunny parlors for
two. with board, $35.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private hoarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week: nice location..
HYDE. 1105-V-Front sunny room; gas; "bath;
running water; with breakfast. $10 month.
SUNNY room with board, $12 per month. 1165
Mission ist. ,
VAN NESS. 808— Beautiful sunny parlors;
modern: fir»t-clas« table. ■ - •
, STORES TO LET.
BARBER shop to let. 1802 Howard st., cor.
Fourteenth. . ■
PART of paint store suitable for carpenter or
plumber; cheap 429 Third st.
STORE, with fixtures, corner Howard and La-
fayette f=ts. ; cheap rent.
1 LEFT- new store: 231 Powell st., near Geary;
rent reasonable. SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
V.-i • 'CHILDREN HOARDED.
PLEASANT, comfortable home for child with
family without children; excellent care:
healthy locality: reasonable. E. THOMP-
SON, Glen Ellen. Cal. '
ENGLISH widow would like 2 children to
board, or 2 working girls. El Clara st.
STALLS TO LET.
STALLS to let. Apply 627 Minna st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium: while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery In life; sh»
will show you hew to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or. burled- property; locates treasures.
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a m to 6p. m. : perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 20. 120 C Market St.. opr>. Sixth. ; I
MMF2. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight; j
diagnoses disease: full life reading: ladles 50c.
gents Si; palm, an.l clalrv.; sit. $150 126 Turk.
MME STBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME LE NORMANDE. reliable clairvoyant,
card render, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth
YOUR future told by cards! ladles 10c; gents
25e. 327 Fifth it.
i MRS. MANPEN'A. medium, palmist: lire read-
ings. 2fic; satisfaction guarant'd. 2S Sixth st.
MME SVAEXSON. only reliable card reader
and fortune teller: Be. 441 Geary st.
MRS SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. U' 1 , Sixth St.. room 14.
MISS TROT from Chicago, magnetic healer
i and card reader. 1015 Market, rm. 17, 2d floor.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, 131 Taylor St., room
2: mind-reader and i'altnlst_
■ MMX. HAN'SEN, paliii card-writer; past,
present and future: 25c 148 Sixth, room 6.
MISS MELVILLE,, re..! clairvoyant and
i .water reader. -921^ Mission; German , spoken.
MISS BELL GRANT, card reading and mag-
■ netic healing. 122 Post Bt.'; room 10. ' '
RAY FA 111. card reader: magnetic healing a
■'specialty. 223 Post Pt:. room 2. ■
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2. 120<4 Geary st.
JOSIE- TAYLOR, magnetic healer: . mind
reader. 223 Post St.. room 11, second floor.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card-
reader; 2."c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth St.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth. st. i
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAB-Flr«t In her pro-
fession: never falls: advice: help. 929 Port.
CHEAPEST and best In Amertca- c The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postals
free.
SPIRITUALISM.
IIME. YOUNG, test circle tOHnlgltitT"lOc7~6os
McAllister st.; convincing tests.
MRS. FULTON TULEY, materializing seance
to-night, 50c; sittings, Be. 13 deary st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m., 25c. 409 Leaven worth st.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
all questions; L.. 25c; G.. 50c; no sign. 3 7th.
MRS. FAIRBANKS, test mcd.; circle Sun. Tu.
Frl. eves.. 10c: readings daily. 25c. 108 6th.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dium, US Halght st.
' PROF. GEE; readings dally; test circles Tue.,
Thur., Fri.. .< p. m.: Me. 565V4 Market, st.
MRS. SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy st., room 3.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
mcB?H--#« ami ndvto*'. ?"> Stockton st.
. HYPNOTISM-
THE power of mind over matter demonstrated
every Friday evening. 8 o'clock; free In-
structions given; diseases and habits cured;
hours 2 to 4. 8 to 10 p. m. 911 Van Ness aye.
THOROUGH course In hypnotism, with dl-
...lnmn, y>. CAT.. INSTITUTE. 4n2>4 Geary st.
HOUSES.
IN THE City Front Stables there Is to be seen
one of the finest teams that has come to this
city in years; the horses are the property
of . Garland Bros., prominent and well-to-do
teamsters of Santa Barbara, and are for
sale.
HORSES, harness, laundry and express. wag-
ons of all kinds, buggies, carts bought, 'sold
and exchanged at the Emporium, 220 Va-
lencia st. - . . . ' .. .
WANTED— SO old horses free from disease
and physic for feed for the animals. ] Ad-
. dress Manager, of . the Zoo, Chutes, city. \
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, • harness: Grand Arcade Horse ' Mar-
ket. 827 Sixth Ft., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN It DOYLE. Auctioneers.
616 LAUK-N Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions ami want mis taken. , -
-. WAGONS AND < CARRIAGE^ : Z
NEW three-can milk wagon; one light deliv-
ery wagon. 1370 Turk st. ,;/,:; . ■
Bt'STNESS buggies cheap at 903 Golden Gate
avenue. ■• : ■■'••'■ ■ ' ' " ; '
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; l'flne top and open
buggy, also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st. -■■... . ■ ,-•;
" I'HOPOSALS. . .
U. S. ENGINEER office, , 41 Flood Building,
San Francisco, Cal., January 22. IMS.
Sealed proposals for dredging In - Oakland
Harbor. Cal.. will be received until 11 o'clock
a m Thursday, March 10, 1898.. Information
furnished on application. W. H. HEUEK.
Major. Engineers.' .
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOtTcE~TO CKEDIf6R&^-Estate~olf~JACOß
• C. JOHNSON, deceased. • = . .
Notice Is hereby given by the undersigned,
ANNA E. JOHNSON, executrix of the estate,
of JACOB C. JOHNSON, deceased, to the
creditors • of. and - all . persons having claims
against the said deceased, to exhibit them with
the necessary vouchers, ..within ten months
: after the first publication of this notice; to the
said executrix at -the office : of J. c. JOHN-
SON CO.. No. 400 Market St.. the same being
her place for the transaction of the ■ business
of the said estate In the City ajnd. County of
San Francisco. State of California.
ANNA E. JOHNSON.
Executrix of the estate of JACOB C. JOHN-
SON, deceased. ■_ ■ ,
Dated at San Francisco, February 24.1598. -.
. . ,' .-■.'■:.. J. A. STEPHENS, '
Attorney for Executrix. Clans Spreckela build- - i
ing. ;, ;": yj ,_•.' ' ■" - ; • : ■ j
; -:^';city" real estate.
• FOR sale— Choice business property; rents for '
?i00; NW corner Mission and Spear sts.; 45:10 ,
x 77:6. H. SCHWERIN. S4C Clay st. I
BARGAIN— S26OO; 12-room house, lot 20x69; $1100 i
cash, balance monthly installments if desired. '
51 Shipley st. -. - " '■'.'■' ;
IF you intend building, let me submit an esti-
mate with plans, etc.; no charge; best of ref- '
erences, bonds, etc. W. W. RED.N'ALL,
builder. 1326 Hayes st : _ '_
$:000 EACH— For sale. 3 elegant new houses, '
situated 1 block from Golden Gate Park at
corner of Shrader and lieulah sts. ;■ contain 7
to 9 rooms each and all modern conveniences;
don't fall to see them; terms easy; houses ;
open. Apply on premises. ;
.NEW house, 7 rs., bath: easy terms: Mission: ,
swap, part paymt for lot. BIN. 413 Kearny. i
BIG bargain— modern Western Addition flats. ;
$15,000; renting for $133 50; $7000 can remain
on mortgage. Postofflce box 245. :
COUNTRY REAL. ESTATE.
sßye?exy~rXnchT~ ~^~
NEAR redwood CITY. San mateo
COUNTY.
We will subdivide the celebrated ranch of j
the late Miles D. Sweeny in tracts of 100
acres or less; rich soil for fruit, grain and ,
vegetables; plenty of water; this property ;
immediately adjoins Redwood City and is only ,
one hour's ride from San Francisco: suitable i
for small home farms; prices below all former ,
quotations and upon unusually easy terms. ;
For particulars call or address
EASTON. ELDRi._>GE & CO..
WS Market St., San Francisco.
Or our branch office at Redwood City.
MOUNTAIN VIEW LANDS
FOR SUBURBAN HOMES.
Especially adapted to raising. deciduous fruits
and vegetables; we have a few choice sub- :
divisions of 10 to 20 acres each in the New- •
hall & Wise tract, which we offer at . ex-
tremely low prices and on very easy terms; i
small cash payment; balance monthly; one
and a half miles from Mountain View station.
Apply for full particulars to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st., San Francisco.
Or WOOSTER A WHITTON.
7 West Santa Clara st., San Jose. j
FOR rent or sale — acres 1 mile from Peta- ■
luma: well improved; cheap. Address 397
Fell st.
RANCH of 160 acres, near Vacavllle, improved; i
exchange for bay residence. 313 Bush st.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE-
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms; 4."> minutes
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market st.
__J^ OPKRTV TO KXCHAMiI.
33 ACRES: bearing fruit ranch near Vacaville;
Income $2000. DECKER, 1020- Market St.
SALOON to exchange for house and lot; pay
cash difference. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
TO exchange— 2 blocks, each 200x200. in Mar-
tinez. Cal.. value $4<XX>, for S. F. real estate:
will pay a cash difference If city property Is
valued over $4000. Box i:>o3. Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6^ per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgage*, estates, real estate m
probate, life insurance.- goods in warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J. '
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth; ■
tel. South 14. ';
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal; mdse In storage; life ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc. ; low In-
terest: private; no com. R. 08, 1170 Market.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94S Market st: tel. Green 204.
15 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or jewelry; all business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO., 230 Kearny St.; upstairs.
ON furniture, pianos; city or. Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; do commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell St.
GO to a . regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St.. upstairs; strictly private; low
rates; tel. Reel 1121: established 1869,
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. ■ Room 7, COS California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg, ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal: lowest
rates; no com.; private. 118 McAllister st.
SIXTH. 10— Most reliable place to borrow
, money; diamonds and jewelry. -_^
- : ~ FINANCIAL.; ;
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.: lowest
rates, McAFEE BROS.. 10S Montgome'- . St. ■
EDUCATIONAL. .
YOUNG l.idles wishing Ito visit Germany, either
to learn German or study music at the con-
servatory, will find pleasant home, centrally.
■ located, with two ladles in Hanover; ref-
erences given. For particulars and statutes
of the conservatory call or write to E. C.
PRIBER. 29 Scott st. " .
HEALD'S Business College. , 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branch-
es; electrical, civil & mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, etc. 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since lS'.i2; catalogue.
I MISS GAMBLE will be In parlors of Golden
Gate Hall TUESDAY, from 2 to 4 and 8 to 9
p. m., to receive names of ladles and gentle-
men wishing to Join select evening class In
dancing.
AYRES' Business College. .723 Market St.;
Individual Instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship, $C 0; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school; civil, electrical, min-
ing. m»ch., survey, assay, archlt. : day & eve.;
, est. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Markst.
BOOKKEEPING and rnpld calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room C 72, 855 Market st. "
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, gram-
mar: day, night: $5 mo. 1504 Market, op. Bth.
FISK Agency, 825 Market Ft.— Teachers fur-
nished; public: private; governesses; tutors.
MISS GAMBLE'S dancing school, 317 Devlsa--
dero: adults, Fri.. 8 p.m.: children. Thu.. «:»).
SAN FRANCISCO Business. College. 1238 Mar-
• ket st. : 124 positions In '96; 103 In '97. • ,
INSTRUCTION in tapestry painting, etc.; les-
sons, 25c. Studio, 419 Geary st., room 12.
■ GUITAR mandolin, piano and vocal lessons,
$3 per month. MART WESTHAUS. 39 Firth.
VOICE culture, piano > Paris graduate: French.
Spanish; new classes; $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery, lle-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st. .-• - -
NICKEL saxlphone, cost $75, for $24; a valuable
ship's sextant: for $17. worth » times the
money. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
PALIGRAPH typewriter, No. 3 special. $45:
worth $100- in perfect order; will send with
privilege of trial. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st. - ■'-•
FOR sale— Choice goose eggs for breeding pur-
poses. 412 Euretta st. :
LATEST style hood top baby buggy, cheap;
with extra seat. . Box 1444, Call Office,
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters ' linoleum, office furniture, store and
offlc'» furniture and fixtures: new and sea-
end hand J. NQONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
" Mission " St., above Sixth. m . .
I I! POOL house-mover, dealer necond-hnnd >
.'building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So. 787. «
WHISKY Kentucky., '87: bonded warehouse, '
San Francisco: 390 gallon. Address STAND-
ARD LIQUOR CO., San Francisco. .v . |
rv,;i\F boiler, .lyr.amo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission St.
SA FES— New and second-hand; " cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. £33 Sacramento.
1 AND 2-bowl barber washstanda. cheap. HUT-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye. -:.
S^FES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. B. F.
GRAPHOPHONES.'SIO: Records. $5 per dos.;
Projectoscope. SlOO- Baclgalupl. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 10! Clay st. ■•- ■ >
BARS, showcases, counters, . shelving, etc..
bought and sold. ,10f>3 Mission, near Seventh.
FOR sal" cheap — Second-hand fireproof safe.
at 42 Main st. ■ ■ .- : :
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged. • rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 206 Fourth st.
- STORAGE.
AT i low • Furniture, carpets, pianos, ,
household goods; clean, light compartments:
advances made. J. NOON AN.. 1017 to 1023
Mission St.. above Sixth; open evenings.' ...
AT lowest rates— Household goods,', pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof building. • F. :W.
ZEHFUe.S. 840 Mission st. : Tel. Mint IS2I. ;f
TYPEWRII Ens.
YOSTT~»ood : order. )B5; send. for sample work.
SCOTT & BAKNAN, 333 Montgomery st. , -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD HEAL ESTATK.
$75 WILL buy a lot. worth $150: $5 cash, $5
monthly: Allendale Settlement, East Oak-
land. . and | now covered - with homes , and
buldlng up rapidly; build your home or we
will build it for you: payment as rent; all
. streets graded: some macadamized;. 3 elec-
tric-car lines and fine scnool; view, climate
and soil the best; call or send for circular,
459 Ninth St., bet. Washington and Broad-
way. Oakland: carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
owner. ---■■- • . ■• - ■
OAKLAND FURNITURE OR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS 1 old store. 40S
Eleventh St., Oakland. ■- . .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
. • JUST -IKE PAYING RENT.
$1200. $1700. $ISOO. $2200. $2600. $3000.
The above are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on the market for non-paymen'
of Installments, and they 'are now offered at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4. *. 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date:
almost new, and located near schools and sta-
tims. : .«
We are going to weed them out. and invite
Inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay st. station, Alfimeda, and 628 Market St..
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
BIGGEST bargain— s2*oo; lot 70x160:, cottage, 6
rooms: orchard and chicken yard; half block
from Mastick Station; all Improvements; 1531
Prospect st. Apply 501 Market st., S. F.
BOARDING house, nicely furnished, with 20
rooms, doing fine business: great bargain.
Address poatofßce box 364, Alameda. Cal.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call."
Want ads and subscriptions faken. ■
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET. J,
TO LET— New cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
lawn, flower garden and orchard; lovely
place. 1532 Ninth st., near Mastick station:
$19: water free; ground cared for.
IiEKIiELE V REAL. ESTATE.
FOR sale — Near the university grounds, an ele-
gantly built house; lot northeast corner, 7">x
134: street work all done. JOS. J. MASON,
Berkeley Station..
FIRST-CLASS investment; a fine corner, stores
and rooms above; to be sold at a bargain.
JOS. J. MASON. Berkeley Station.
027 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
DENTISTS.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact, full set of teeth, $5 up; silver
fillings. 2".c up; gold crowns. $3 SO up: your
teeth put in without a plate: open evening*.
957 Market St., or Sixth: "Phone Jessie 1695.
A KILL set of teeth, Jo; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten rears;
teeth without piates. crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillln?" rj^c: crowns, $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction. 50c;
plates, $5: gold filling. 75c up; silver, 23c up:
plates mended. $1 up: special inducement
to Klondlkers ; open evenings and Sundays.
P6O Mission st., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th; no
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from fi
per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. OEOROE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from C to 20 O'Farreil.
ohi" Dental Parlora have removed from <W> to
810 Market St.. Academy of Sciences building,
rooms Mt 3' and .12. fifth floor.
L. A. TEACUE, A. CANfi and P. TEAGIJE.
removed to Call bldg.. 6th floor, rras. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1S« Polk st. __
4 MARKET ST. — Rrnnch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
und be Indorsed with the name and residence
of •persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
DELEHANTY— In this city. February 25. IS9B.
to the wife of J. Delehanty. a daughter.
01888 — In Callstoga, February 27. 1898, to the
wife of George n. Glbbs. a daughter.
GREELEY— In Madera. Marcti 1. 1898, to the
wife of Will Greeley. a daughter.
HEDSTROM— March 4, IS9R. to the wife of
Ben Bedstrotn, a daughter.
MCCARTHY— In San Jose, March 5, 1898, to the
wife of William McCarthy, a son.
SELNA— In Callstoga. February 27. IS9B, to the
wife of Charles Selna. a son.
WILLIAMS— In Paso Robles. February 28, 1898.
to the wife of Henry Williams, a son.
MARRIED.
AHLGREN— WALKER— In this city, March 5.
IS9S. by the Rev. C. Hoel. Edward J. Ahl-
urt-n and Margaret F. Walker, both of San
Francisco.
ANDERSON— IIOMPTON— In this city, March
3, U9t, by the Rev. C. Hoel. iliomaa Ander-
son and Mary A. Hompton. both of Sonera,
Cal.
HORN-EROWN— In this city, March 6. 1898.
by Rabbi A. Brown of San Jose, Esedore
Horn of San Francisco and Estena Brown of
Marys vi lie, Cal.
JONES— LEWIS— In Madera. February 28, 1898,
by Justice McDonald, Jeremiah Jones and
Annie If. Lewis.
SEATON— PATTERSON— In this city, March
6, IS^S. by the Rev. A. J. Wells. Seth Sun-
ford Seaton and Elizabeth A. Patterson, both
of San Francisco.
WORSDALE— JOHANSON— In this city, March
5, ISM, by the Rev. C. Hoel, Harry Thomas
Worsdale and Deair Elvina Johanson. both of
San Francisco.
DIED.
Benson, George C. Krahenberg, Henry
Bethel. Ruverna M. I.nii, Louis E.
Brackman. William Leach. Frank
Cahill. Margaret Lyon. Nelson
Cartwright, Edwin McKenna, Mark
Casey, Peter Marshall, Mary A.
Coffrhan. William F. Matthews. Peter
Dlxon. Almond B. Miller, Louisa J.
Donaghy, James S. Morehead. Benjamin
Easton, Matthews S. Petri. Elizabeth
Gallagher. Thomas Rossi, Frnncls A.
Ghlotte. Antonio Shorter. Ada
Grant. Georgina Simmons. Andrew
Harms, Jacob Smitherum. Samuel
Hartman. Pauline* Walsh. Richard
Hayes, Mary Waters, Margaret
Horrigan. Margaret Wright. Thomas
Kellett. Mrs. E.
BENSON— In Oakland, March 7, IS9S, George
C, beloved husband of Marie Benson, and
brother of Captain S. J. Benson, a native of
Norway, aged 60 years 5 months and 6 days.
BETHEL— In this city, March 6, IS9B, Ruverna
Margaret, beloved daughter of Luther and
Mamie IWhel. a native of Son Francisco,
aged 10 months and 17 days.
BRACKMAN— In East Oakland, March 7. IS9S.
William Braekman, a native of Germany,
aged 74 years 8 months and 27 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
full> invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, at Martinez. Con-
tra Costa County.
CAHILL— In North Oakland, March 6. IS9S.
Margaret, beloved daughter of William Ca-
hill and the late Margaret Cahill, ar.d sister
of Sister Donnateila and of Brother Julian,
William. John and Francis Cahill. a native
cf San Francisco, aged 21 years and 20 days.
C^Frienrts and acnualntances are re«pect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her father, lIS Hanna street, North
Oakland, thence to Sacred Heart Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery. Oakland.
CARTWRIGHT— In San Bernardino, February
26. lSi»8. Edwin Russell Cartwright, a native
of New York, nged 64 years.
CASEY— In this city, March 6. IS9B, Peter, be-
loved brother of Michael Case- and nephew
of Mrs. Ann Dennlgan and Peter, Michael
and Patrick Casey of San Mateo. Cal.. a na-
tive of County Longford, Ireland, aged 42
years.
|r_-y Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & «■£.. 767 Mission
street thence to St. James Chflrch, Twenty-
third and Guerrero streets. whiW a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COFFMAN— In Madera, March 4. 1898, Wil-
liam F. Coffman, a native of Missouri, aged
65 years.
DIXON— In Lorin. March 5. IS9B. Almond Blge-
low Dlxon, a native of Ohio, aged 74 years 5
months and 5 days.
|E?"Frien<ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitPd to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from Park
ConKregatlonal Church. Lorin.
DONAOHY— In this city, March 7. 1898, James
S beloved husband of Margaret Donaghy,
and father of Alice M., Emma T., James
Mervln, Florence A. and Charles R. Don-
aphy, a native of Glasgow, Scotland, aged
52 yrsirs and 9 months.
Cs"Friend<» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to uttend the funeral to-morrow
(■Wednesday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late
■ residence. 142." Hayes street, thence to St.
Apne« Church. Masonic avenue, between Oak
arid Page streets, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
foul, commencing at ' 9 o'clock. Interment"
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ST. P. • M. A. A. OF CAL.— Officers and mem-
bers of St. P. M. A. A. of Cai: You are here-
by notified to assemble at 142.'* 1 -.. Hayes street,
to-morrow ; (Wednesday), at S:lfi o'clock, to
pay the last tribute of respect and attend the
funeral of our late brother, James S.
Donaghy. P. H. McGIXNERTY. Pres. ..
P. H. FLYNN. Bee See .
EASTON— In Urblta. February 26. IS9S. Mat-
thews Stevenson Easton. a native of Scot-
land, aeed |f years.
GALLAGHKR-In this city. March C, IS9B.
Thomas Gallagher, a native of Ireland, aged
3. y.-nrs.
(E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(WednMdkjr), at V 4."> o clock, from the parlors
of Valente. Marlni & Co.. VM Stockton street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
fUGOKBS' and BTEVEDORES' UNION Asso-
ciation— Funeral Notice. The detail from
Thomas Asmussen to James Curren. inclu-
sive, arc hereby DOtLfled to assemble at th.-ir
hall to-morrow' (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, to
attend the funeral of our late brother.
Thomas Gallagher. By order
A. CA MI 'HELL. President.
F. E. DURHAM. Rec. Sec.
GHIOTTE-In this city. March 6. IS9S. Antonio
Ohlotte. a native of Italy, aged Cfl years.
GRANT-In this city. March 6, 198, Georgina
Grant, beloved mother of Joseph Orant. Mrs.
Charles R. Kirchner, Mrs. Blanche Neuman
ami Emily Grant, a native of Leeds. Eng-
land, aged C 6 years and 1 month.
tCTFrlends an.i acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at' 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 14 Bond street, off Mission, between
Twelfth and Thirteenth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
HARMS— In this city. March 6, I*9s. Jacob,
dearly beloved husband of Margaretha
Harms, father of Jacob L.. Meta C. and the
late Catherine M. Harms, a native of Han-
over, Germany, aged 70 years S» months and
23 days. (Napa papers please copy.)
in?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, corner of Twenty-first and Michigan
streets, Potrero. The remains will be shipped
to Napa, Cal., for interment by 3:30 p. m.
boat. Oakland ferry.
HARTMAN— In this city, March 6. IS9S, Paul-
ine, beloved wife of Jacob Hartman. mothef
of Mrs. Ida C.k-iehinan and ItoM L., Slm.n,
Hannah. Max and Joseph Hartman. and
bister of Mrs. Simon Tlartman, Mrs. J.
Paekscher. Mrs. A. WoJUnberg. Miss E.
Jacobowitz. Mrs. H. Braun. Mrs. J. Golln,
ber and S. Jacobowitz. a native of Germany,
aged M years and S months.
(E7"Fr!enils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 117 *»iiut,-h street. Interment New Sa-
lem Cc netery by electric car from Eighteentn
and Guerrero streets. Please omit Sower*.
HAYES-In this city, March 7. IR9B. Mary,
widow of the late Owen Hayes, and dearly
beloved mother of Mrs. Fred G. Peterson
Mrs. Emmett Phillips and Maggie an 4
Teresa Hayes, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, age.l C 3 years.
CT'Frlonds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late
residence 422 Fulton street, thence to Sacred
H-art Church. Fell and FUlmore streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
HORRIOAN— At Moores Flat. Nevada County.
March 5. Htt, Margaret, beloved wife of Pat-
rick Horrlpan. and mother >.f Mrs. Patrick
Fuley and Fannie. Daniel and the late Mamie
Horrlgan. a native of County Cork. Ireland.
aged 64 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invltf-d to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
j C O'Connor * 00., W Mission street. In-
terment Holy Crosa Cemetery.
KELLF.TT-In this city. March fi. UK Mrs.
Elizabeth Ktllett. a native of Ireland, aged
10 yeara and s months.
B^Fri^nds are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
9 o'clock from the residence of S. A. McDon-
nell, 1212 Fell street, thence to church of
Sacred Heart, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 0:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
KRAHENHEIMT— In San Jose. March 4. 1808.
Henry Krahenberg. a native of California,
a«ed 37 years 2 months and 23 days.
LACK— In this city. M ireh 5. 1898. Louis E.
Lack (Skoyen), beloved son of Mrs. Andrena
Lack, and brother of Mrs. Charles Leopold,
a nativ.- of San Francisco, aged 26 years 7
months and 12 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances nre respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Native Sons'
Hall 414 Mason street, under the aOSpIOM
of Stanford Parlor No. 76. N. S. G. W. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
N. S. G. W.— Stanford Parlor No. 76. N. R. G.
W.— Brothers: You are hereby notified to
attend the funeral of our late brother. L.
E Lack, this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock
p. m. sharp, at Shasta * Hall. N. S. <J. W.
building. 414 Mason street. By order of
JOHN W. LEWIS. President.
FRANK VAN PEVENTEH. Rec. Sec.
LEACH— In this city, March 7. IS6B. Frank
Leach, a native of San Francisco, aged 28
years and 6 months.
LYON— In this city. March 6. 1898, Nelson
Lyon, dearly beloved husband of Mary A.
Lyon. and father of Mrs. C. D. Ladd. a na-
tive of Woodstock. Conn., aged 74 years 11
months and 24 days.
f£7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this dny
(Tuesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the parlnra
of A. W. Martin & Co., 11$ Geary street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
McKEXNA— In this city, March 5, 18&8. Mark,
beloved husband of Maria McKenna. and
brother of John McKenna and Mrs. Mary J.
Brady, a native of New York, aged 52 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this d.'iy
(Tuesday). at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente," Marinl & Co., 1324 Stockton street.
near Union. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
MARSHALL— In this city. March 7, 1898. Mary
A beloved wife of Frank S. Marshall, a na-
tive of Halfmoon Bay. San Mateo County,
Cal.. aged 22 years.
MATTHEWS— In this city. March 6, 1898,
Peter, beloved husband of Sadie E. Matthew j
of Eureka. Cal., and father of Mrs. GtUlga
Hitchings. Mrs. Fred Bennett and Frazier
Matthews of Hoquiam, Wash., and Sadie
and Earl Matthews of Eureka. Cal. a na-
tive of New Brunswick, aged 50 years.
MILLER— In San Jose, March 5, 1898. Louisa
J. Miller, a native of New York, aged C 2
years.
MOREHEAD— In Paso Robles, March 2. 1898.
Benjamin Morehead.
PETRI— In this city, March 7. IS9S. Elizabeth
Petri, a native of Germany, aged 66 years
G months and 9 days.
ROSSI— In this city. March 7. IS9S. Francis A..
beloved son of Madalena Rossi, and brother
of Joseph A., Angelo J., Antone J., Julia R.
and Mary C. Rossi- and Mrs. H. Thatcher, a
native of Volcano, Amador County. Cal..
aged 29 years 2 months and 9 da vs.
SHORTER— In the City and County Hospital.
March 7. 1898, Ada Shorter, a native of Flor-
ida, aged 52 years.
SIMMONS— In Yountville, Napa County, March
5. 1898. Andrew Simmons, a native of Nor-
way, aged 81 years. A member of the Scan-
dinavian Society.
m?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. P. Pe'tersen & Co., 2CB Mc^..!ster street.
where funeral services will be held, under
the auspices of the Scandlnavtan Society.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SCANDINAVIAN SOCIETY— The officers and
members of the Scandinavian Society are
hereby requested to assemble at 22N McAllis-
ter street, to-morrow (Wednesday), at 1:30
o'clock, for the purpose ° f attending the fu-
neral of our late member, Andrew Simmons.
By order of the president.
SMITHERfM- In this city. March 7, 1898.
Samuel Smitherum, beloved brother of John,
Thomas, James, Joseph and tVllllam H.
Smitherum, a native of Wisconsin, aged 47
years 7 months and 27 days.
ITTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-m..rn,w
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from Central M.
F Church. Mission street, near Sixth. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
rlajje.
WALSH— In this city. March 5. IS9S Richard
Walsh, a native of Ireland, aged 61 years.
WATERS— In this city. March 7. IS9S. Mar-
caret beloved daughter of John and Bridget
Writers and sister of Thomas, John, Bridget
and Catherine Waters and Mrs. M. Mayers,
a native of San Francisco, aged 24 years.
WRIGHT— In this city, March 7, 1898. Thomas,
beloved son of William and Annie Wr^tht.
and brother of Kate. Mary. Robert. William.
Annie. Francis. Johannah, Emily, Edward,
Lilly. Charles, Loretta. Ethel and Joseph
Wright, a native of San Francisco, aged 22
years.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence. 2218 Fifteenth street, near Noe.
thence to Mission Dolores Church for serv-
ices at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
ST. JOSEPH'S UNION— The semi-annual re-
qnlem mass for the deceased members of the
St. Joseph's Union and the deceased friends
of the living members will be celebrated
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, in St.
Mary's Cathedral. The members of the union
are all requested to attend. There will be a
sermon, as usual.
Im^avoy'&'gallagher 1 ."" T"
FUNERAL UIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I
£0 FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln Scowl.
Telephone. South 80. _ |__
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMER3.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van NeEs avc near Market at.. Saa
Francisco. Telephone So. luft.
1314
SADDLED THE CITY
WITH A HEAVY BDRDEN
Oakland's Shameless Six Unblushingly Put
Through the Obnoxious
Water Job.
Threats and Entreaties Fail to Change the Vote — GiraTd's
Impassioned Appeal for Justice— The
Mayor's yeto.
Mayor's Office, City Hall, Oakland, Cal., March 7, 1898.
To the Honorable the City Council of the City of Oakland, Cal.—
Gentlemen: I herewith return to your honorable body an ordinance fix
ing water rates for the year commencing July 1, IS9B, and ending June
30, 1899, without my approval, for the following reasons: One of my first
official acts after taking office was the approval of the ordinance now
in force fixing the water rates passed by the former City Council. It
was presented to me on April 7, 1897. The rates fixed by that ordinance
I believed to be fair to the water companies and to the consumers. Ow
ing to competition, those rates have not been collected, but failure to
collect was not the fault of the people, and resulted in the consumer
getting water at absurdly low rates.
From my inaugural address to this Council, filed April 5, 1897, I
make this quotation: "The conditions prevailing in this city in respect
to our water supply are most curious and unnatural. That it will
continue is contradicted by reason and experience. Two water com
panies, struggling for supremacy, are engaged in a rate war, which has
brought about a reduction to the consumer unparalleled in our State
history. Both of these corporations claim to be suffering great losses in
money at prevailing rates. This statement may be accepted as true;
but it is equally true that these losses, whatever they may be, will ulti
mately find their way Into the bonded indebtedness of the companies,
and the consumer will be compelled to pay not only the interest on the
present losses, but eventually the principal as well. Individuals may
quarrel forever, but it is a law of property, unwritten but irrevocable,
that hostile moneyed interests invariably prefer to bury their hatreds
and come together for joint profits at the public's expense rather than
suffer continued losses.
"In the nature of things these corporations must consolidate or both
be absorbed by newer or stronger corporations. When that day comes
this city and the Oakland water consumers will likely be at war again
with the water companies. Such prospects is not inviting, but it seems
inevitable. Indeed high rates are, and must be, the natural se
quence to prevailing conditions. Prudence urges me to suggest that the
question of municipal ownership receive, at as early a date as possible,
your careful and earnest attention. Nothing, of course, can be done
without submission of the question to the people, but preliminary steps
may be taken by the Council which will be of incalculable benefit.
Perhaps a delegation of representative citizens can be found who will
be Induced to go to the bottom of the question. As Mayor of the city
and as a private citizen, I will be pleased to act in any capacity which
would give the subject research and Investigation. This subject is one
which should _be seriously considered and discussed by the public and
the press, as well as yourselves."
Although at that time a majority of this Council, I believe, was acting
in the interests of the people, no notice was taken of my suggestion, and
the prediction made by me at that time has been realized. The com
petition has ceased; the combination seems to have been made, and* the
people will be the sufferers from July 1,1898, to June 30,1899, if the action
of the majority of the Council, in fixing water rates by resolution, be
sustained by the courts.
After a full investigation by the committee of this Council, in Feb
ruary last, at which I was present a portion of the time, a valuation
of $4,243,577 66 was fixed on the Contra Costa Water Company's invest
ment, and interest at 6 per cent on said amount was considered a fair
rate, and an ordinance based on said investigation, was prepared and
passed to print by the unanimous vote of the Council, and I considered
the water rate question settled, and so considered It when the appoint
ment of Councilman Woodward was made on February 18, 1898.
The subsequent proceedings of this Council were as great a surprise
to me as to any other citizen. The first intimation I had of any change
in the rates, as fixed by the ordinance In print, was when the Henne
berry resolution was introduced.
I believe the water rates fixed by the present ordinance hereto at
tached are excessive. Respectfully submitted.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 7.
The obnoxious water ordinance was
passed to-night, but before the job was
perpetrated Chief of Police Lloyd
thought it wise to clear the City Hall.
The vote was taken while six officers
stood on guard in the Council cham
ber, and a score kept back the mob at
the approach to the City Hall.
No sooner was the vote taken than
Mayor Thomas very dramatically ap
proached the clerk's desk with his
veto message all prepared and it was
at once read.
A moment later Councilman Henne
berry handed in a resolution citing that
the Mayor's veto be not considered,
and not even spread upon the minutes,
as he had no business to interfere with
the water rate ordinance. Mr. Henne
berry surprised all by quoting the State
constitution in support of his conten
tion.
Everybody wondered at the rapidity
of the whole business, and at the
clever manner in which Henneberry
had anticipated the Mayor's action,
even to the extent of fortifying himself
with a typewritten resolution before he
came to the meeting.
The crowd was on hand— bigger than
ever before. Chief Lloyd had nearly
all his force there, and they were all
needed.
Had serious results followed the po
lice would have been largely to blame,
for many of them acted so excitedly
that they did far more to provoke than
to quell.
When the Council met the chamber
and the hallways and the ap
proaches to the hall were jammed
with people. They made a few
attempts to cheer and jeer, but the
presence of so many officers quickly
suppressed all attempts at expressing
their feelings. For half an hour the
crowd jostled and tried to force the
police, and it became very apparent
that order could not be maintained.
Chief Lloyd then mustered his men
and they beat the crowd back, down
the stairs and into the street.
The crowd resolved itself into an in
dignation meeting, and some orators
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pimples, blotches, blackheads, red, rough,"
oily, mothy skin, itching, scaly scalp, dry,'
thin, and falling hair, and baby blemishes
prevented iby Cutictjrjl Boat, the most
effective skin purifying and beautifying
soap in the world, as well as . purest and
sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery. ,-
(uticura
■£ • xr li kM throoebout the world. Potts* Dmco tva
Cm*. Cow., Hole Prop*.. Boston, U. S. A. ' '
(£7" " How to Pretest Face Humor*," mailed tn».
EifERY lIIIUAD Pimpl" <° ScrofbU cure*
EIEItI nUMUif bj Cuiuxa* Kimsbim.
W. R. THOMAS, Mayor.
being available, the crowd grew until
the Council adjourned.
President Pringle called the meeting
to order, and in his opening remarks
stated that the two previous meetings
had been a disgrace to the city. That
as the Council met in behalf of the
city he had appointed Chief of Police
C. E. Lloyd sergeant-at-arms, and any
one in the lobby discovered hissing or
applauding any action of the Council
either collectively or individually
would be dealt with according to law
as the members of the Council must
be protected while transacting busi
ness.
The president then told the clerk to
proceed with the reading of the min
utes cf the last meeting, but at this
point Mr. Brosnahan rose to his feet
and stated that he would pay a fine
of $20 which had been imposed upon
him because of his actions at the last
meeting. Then in pointed words he
notified the chair that it had been the
business of the chair to protect him
fro-m remarks passed concerning him
by ones who he claimed were not
law-abiding citizens. He called the at
tention of the Council to rule 13, which
stated that members of the Council
should be protected from outside inter
ference by the chair.
In a humble way the speaker then
offered an apology to his fellow
members and in conclusion stated that
he was not unwilling to pay the fine
according to orders, but he emphati
cally said that he wished it understood
expressly that the president of the
Council was not included in his apol
ogy. An attempt was then again made
to read the minutes, but interruptions
were frequent from the people massed
in the corridor. After the minutes had
been read and approved Mr. Brosna
han was notified that his vote on fur
ther matters would be accepted as the
fine had been paid.
While other business was being
transacted, those in the corridors be
came so threatening and boisterous in
their manner that a rush was made
by the many officers present, and the
hallway was cleared. Those who had
been forced from the hall joined the
surging mob in the front of the build
ing, where thirty police officers had
been stationed, but their efforts were
in vain so far as keeping quietness was
concerned, and a howl which gradually
developed into a roar was heard in the
Council chambers from time to time.
Then the water rate ordinance was
read for the last time for final passage.
A few short speeches were made, but
they were to the point.
Councilman Girard asked to be
heard. He said, "Mr. Chairman, allow
me to make a few remarks. I will be
brief. This is not the time for per
sonal abuse and gallery play, as it is
too serious. The water rates which we
have to pass for the last time concern
the rich and the poor. They affect all,
but principally the poor. The widow
and fatherless orphan, the wage-earn
er will suffer the most. Now, Mr.
Chairman, if any of our eleven Cnun
cilmen vote for this high, unjust water
rate he is not honest to himself or to
the people whom he represents.
"If he consents by his vote for this
raise I think the community will brand
him as a boodler, a scoundrel, a bribe
taker. He and his family will be dis
graced forever. Gentlemen, have any
of you gone so far as to have sold
your manhood, your honor, for gold or
any other consideration, so that you
have to vote against the people? I say
it is not too late. Repent now; turn
State's evidence, make a clean breast
of it. and instead of, punishment a.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 8, 1898.
grateful people will forgive you and
honor you for doing so. If any of you
cannot do it and want money, vote
right, resign and the people can afford
to create positions for you in the Bast
or Europe during the remainder of
your term."
The crowd tried to express Its ap
proval of Mr. Girard's sentiments, and
he continued: "This is not a matter
that concerns only the Councilmen here
to-night. They have other responsibil
ities than purely personal ones. Their
actions to-night may bo disgrace them
that their children will be pointed out
at school, their wives referred to by
other ladies as the wives of boodlers.
Can any one allow his family to be dis
graced? If gold Is all that is wanted
then I say that a grateful people will
willingly give you, Mr. Woodward, all
the gold necessary to send influential
citizens to Washington to secure for
you the post of Pension Agent or any
thing else you desire.
"I will give $100 myself and guarantee
to raise $1000 to help you in your as
piration if you will but vote honestly.
I fought with you against our common
enemy, and to-night I am constrained
to believe that if the call for war were
sounded again we would go forth once
more. And my friend, Mr. Brosnahan,
whom I have always respected, and
who I thought was worthy to be
Mayor of this city, I ask you to pre
vent such an Infamous act as that now
before ua."
Brosnahan made a little speech. He
addressed himself mostly to the news
papers and apologized for his drunk
enness last week, but said he was sober
and knew what he was doing to-night.
He also purported to quote some
figures showing that the ordinance on
passage is not sb extortionate as the
newspapers make it appear. Mr. Rowe
replied to Mr. Brosnahan and proved
conclusively that the new ordinance
would give 18 per cent and over to the
companies on their legitimate invest
ment. He reviewed the work of the
committee, which had taken all the tes
timony available, and defied Mr. Hen
neberry to prove to the contrary.
Mr. Upton and Mr. Cuvellier also
spoke before voting and outlined
briefly the course that had been taken
in arriving at the rates as fixed by the
committee. Mr. Upton condemned the
"raw work" exemplified by the Henne
berry resolution. Mr. Rowe said that
the companies were receiving, since
the Ist of March, the full legal rate
that was allowed under the ordinance
passed last year, and it was seen that
the rates they had been charging were
about one-third, instead of two-thirds,
as shown by the raise that ratepayers
are now called upon to pay. He
knocked Brosnahan's argument higher
than a kite by stating that under the
present ordinance his (Rowe's) seven
roomed cottage is taxed $2 50 and un
der the new ordinance it will be about
$5. His challenge to show he was not
right was not accepted.
The vote proceeded, and the solid six
saddled the steal, as desired by the
corporations, upon the city.
Then there was a little excitement
and Mayor Thomas was seen ap
proaching the clerk's desk. He handed
Clerk Tompkins a paper which he pro
ceeded to read. It was the Mayor's
veto.
After the reading of the veto Coun
cilman Henneberry's hand delved his
prolific pocket that has already pro
duced typewritten resolutions and or
dinances fixing water rates to order,
and brought out a legal opinion. It
was in the form of a resolution and
provided for the ignoring of the
Mayor's veto entirely by the Council,
and intimated that the Mayor had been
guilty of impertinence in attempting
to veto the measure.
Heitman then attempted to be funny,
but only succeeded In being ridiculous.
He said the Mayor could not veto an
ordinance until the vote was written on
it, but he was told that the minutes of
the Council showed the vote, and so
Heitman subsided. He did secure by
the solid six votes the passage of a
resolution fixing the next regular meet
ing as the time for considering the
Mayor's veto. Henneberry's resolu
tion went to the committee. During
the discussion Woodward said he had
thoroughly studied the ordinance and
gave it his support.
When the Council left the hall there
was a great rush toward the solid six,
and especially toward Woodward and
Brosnahan. There was some hooting
and yelling and cries of "bring a rope,"
and Woodward looked very frightened.
He was protected by Officers Wallace
and Grosmeyer, and Sheriff White
walked behind, while Chief Lloyd kept
in front. As the crowd hustled, Captain
Fletcher and three sergeants, with a
squad of men with drawn clubs, kept
back the crowd while Woodward and
his guard walked quickly away.
The other members, also guarded by
police, were escorted a safe distance,
while the other officers were engaged
In breaking up the crowds by flying
over the City Hall Park flourishing
their clubs.
It was the most excitable night the
Police Department has experienced in
years.
The water rate ordinance will now
undoubtedly be taken into the courts
as soon as the companies attempt to
collect under it, which will be July 1.
MISSION FOR UNBELIEVERS.
The Paulists Commence a Week of
Devotion and Instruction for
Non-Catholics.
The services at the Paulist Church last
evening • were devoted entirely to the In
struction of non-Catholics. They marked
the commencemnt of the mission which
Is to be held the entire week for. the pur
pose of explaining all theological ques
tions regarding the Catholic church. Any
question asked will be willingly answered,
and if the definition from the altar during
service is not sufficient the querist is. in
vited to visit the Paulist Fathers in the
parochial • residence on California street,
next to the church proper, where more
time can be devoted to the fuller and
more complete definition of the questions.
; To give the non-Catholic mind an ade
quate understanding of the ceremony
which will be observed during* the week,
particularly benediction, the meaning of
the elevation of the- host and other rites
was minutely defined and explained last
night.
At the conclusion of the service litera
ture touching upon Catholicism and Cath
olic rites was distributed among all those
in the congregation not belonging to. the
faith. i ■
The church.w as crowded •to the doors
by members of nearly every religious de
nomination In the city, and much interest
and respect for the ceremony was mani
fested by every one. "
. - -•—• — ♦ — ■» .
MARBLE-CUTTERS JUBILANT.
The Contract for the Affiliated Col
leges Will Remain Here.
The Marble Polishers' Union, which has
been fighting to have the contracts for
the interior marble work of the Affiliated
Colleges and Mission High School build
ings kept in this city and distributed
among firms employing union labor have
won half the battle. Last week the
Board of Regents let the contract for the
Affiliated Colleges to a local firm which
has always been friendly to union labor,
although an Eastern firm had a slightly
lower bid in.
It is said the agents of the Eastern
houses which threatened to play such
havoc with San Francisco intereets are
about to leave the city in disgust. They
have put in bids time and again at fig
ures which allowed little or no margin
for profits, and each time the contracts
have been awarded to San Francisco
firms, whose prices were somewhat in ad
vance of those of the Eastern houses.
At the meeting of the union last night
an arbitration committee was appointed
to interview employers regarding an ad
vsnoe in wages. Work is fairly good just
at present, and the men anticipate little
difficulty in securing a slight increase.
They wish to lenrn the sentiment of the
proprietors, however, before making a
demand, and will act accordingly.
Stop that cough with Low's Horehound
Cough Syrup; price 10c 417 Sansome at. *
DAVIS HELPS
TO SEAL HIS
OWN FATE
The Guilt of the Ac
cused Sergeant Is
Made Clear.
Witnesses Relate His Mis
conduct and He Com
pletes the Story.
His Time Spent in a Tough
Resort With a Woman
Employed There.
WORSE THAN NO EXCUSE.
Hjs Case Under Advisement, and a
Verdict to Bo Given Wednesday
at Noon.
For forty-eight hours Police Ser
geant Fred Davis will be in an un
pleasant state of suspense. He was on
trial before the Police Commissioners
last night on charges of being unfit
to be a police officer. The charges
were amply established. However, the
case was taken under advisement and
the formal verdict will be reached at
a meeting of the body to-morrow at
noon.
Commissioner Alvord was absent
from the session, being detained at
home by illness. Messrs. Tobin, Gunst
and Lees were there, the first presid
ing and taking the most active part in
bringing out the evidence.
All of the evidence was against the
accused, with the exception of that
given by himself, and this was so pal
pably weak as to injure the cause it
was supposed to bolster up. The man
practically admitted his guilt, but tried
to excuse it by so lame a pretense that
even the assistance of his lawyer
could do nothing for him.
It was shown that Davis had been In
the habit of frequenting the boxes of
the Midway Plaisance, a theater on
Market street; that while there he
sought the company of a particular
woman and remained with her as long
as an hour; that in leaving he often
went out by the, back door. The woman
while on the stand swore that his visits
were no longer than ten minutes and
that they were for the purpose of se
curing for her protection against her
husband. Davis himself swore that he
sometimes stayed twenty minutes and
that his object was to secure from her
information in relation to the conduct
of the house, and incidentally as to
crap games, although it did not develop
that her facilities for acquiring infor
mation about thefc games were better
than those of anybody else.
The woman can. voluntarily to give
her evidence, at least no paper had
been served requiring her presence. As
she came through the corridor she was
met by Davis and the two had a long
whispered conversation. After the
commission had gathered there was lit
tle delay. Davis was summoned into
the inner room, and the first witness
called.. This was "Ned" Homan, one
of the proprietors of the Midway. Ho
man testified that Davis had been a
frequent visitor to the place, and often
sat in a box with a woman employed
there. The woman was known as Flor
ence Perry.
"Was she an actress?" was asked.
"Not particularly," was the reply.
Homan swore that Davis many times
had been in a box for more than an
hour, and that this same female was
always his companion on those occa
sions. The witness had had his em
ployes "keep tab" on the sergeant. He
also said that Davis had borrowed
money from him, but this he explained
had been repaid. This had been going
on ever since Davis had been on the
beat, a matter of several months. On
the point of borrowing money Attorney
J. J. Dunne tried hard to have all ques
tions shut off, but his efforts were in
vain. In his excitement he was the
victim of a slip of the tongue, which
had in it the element of truth. "There's
not a thing they can charge against
us," he exclaimed, "that we are not
afraid to meet," and It seemed even so.
William Levy was employed at the
Midway. He had seen Sergeant Davis
almost every evening In a box with one
of the "young ladies," Florence Perry.
The officer would be in full uniform. If
he came in and the Perry woman was
not working he would not stay. If she
was there they would together remain.
Levy had been instructed by Homan to
"keep tab" on Davis, and had done bo.
He had also at the girl's request let
Davis out the back door. Chief Lees
displayed a hankering for details. He
wanted to know at what hours Davis
had been paying these calls, and not
the mere length of each call regardless
of the hour.
Mrs. Hallinan came in with a rustle
of skirts to swear that as half owner of
the Midway she had seen Davis there
with Florence Perry often. She did not
go to the place every day, but when
she did go was apt to observe the pair.
Next came the husband of Florence,
a smooth-faced young man who gave
his name as William Hunt, his occupa
tion as a teamster. He had been to
the Midway and had found his wife
there In company of Davis. He swore
he had seen them coming from her
dressing room. He had not only seen
them in a box together, and drinks be
ing sent to the box, but he had wit
nessed a trip they took to the wife's
lodgings, 1033 Mission street, watched
them enter together and waited two
hours for Davis to come out. He had
not come out at the end of that time.
He openly charged that Davis was re
sponsible for breaking up the Hunt
family.
Sidney Perry, a poolseller, swore
that Davis had approached him with
insinuations that a bribe would be ac
ceptable. "You are making easy
money," Davis had said to him. "Are
you going to be a wolf and keep
it all?" He had asked for tickets to
prize-fights, and these Perry had
bought and given him. One day Davis
wanted to know how Perry would like
to have him get an easy chair and have
him come in and watch the game all
day, the inference being that not to do
this would be a favor worth paying for.
Later, Perry returned with his cash
book, showing when he had paid for
the tickets given to the sergeant.
W. J. Dunn came next, confirming all
that Perry had said. A question of
veracity between himself and J. J.
Dunne arose, but it resulted in nothing
but words.
W. S. Leake of The Call was brought
to the chair. He testified that he had
nothing against Davis and knew noth
ing of the case. But he said he had
just been handed some documents of
possible Interest. These proved to be
the "tabs" kept on Davis while so
journing in the Midway. Mr. Levy was
recalled and identified them as genuine.
Homan was also recalled and explained
that he had taken this course for his
own protection. •
Sergeant Donovan, Patrolmen Harri
son and Freyer all testified that the
association of Davis with the Perry
woman was a mutter of common noto
riety. Harrison had thought it his duty
to report to his superior, and had done
bo. Freyer had gone into the Midway
with Davis often, and in many in
stances had left the sergeant there. The
weakness of Davis for the Perry wo
man was well-known to officers as well
as to the "boys along the line."
Captain Spillane told of having tried
to catch Davis in the Midway and hav
ing failed because warning was always
given.
Florence Perry came in. After tak
ing the oath she said her name was
Florence Hunt. She said her husband
had mistreated her, and that she had
appealed to Davis for protection. He
had been in the box with her, but only
when this subject was under considera
tion. Oh, yes, Davis had taken her
out to dinner one day, but this was by
her request. She had been lonely and
asked him to take her.
J. J. Dunne offered in evidence cer
tain official reports which he said
would controvert the evidence given
before. Nobody else could see that
they would have this effect. In his
ardor to keep out matter damaging to
his client Mr. Dunne experienced the
unhappiness of a hard call down from
Mr. Tobin, who informed him frankly
that the testimony showed Davis to
have been a frequenter of an unsavory
resort, where he associated with a
woman less than good. If this was
true Davis was not fit to be on the
force; his presence there was a scan
dal.
Mr. Dunne saw something had to be
done and he put Davis on the stand.
The story Davis told was pitifully
weak. It was a general denial of any
corruption. He could not deny having
been with the woman at the Midway,
but it was for the purpose of getting
information from her. Pressed as to
the character of this information he
said she had told him about a crap
game and that he had captured the
game. He could think of no other spe
cific instance of her value to the de
partment. His relations with her had
always been proper. He had never
visited her outside the place where she
worked, never been to her dressing
rooms or her lodgings. To be sure, he
had taken her out to dinner, but he felt
that she merited this courtesy for the
aid she had been to him.
J. D. Spreckels, who had been instru
mental in bringing the charges, con
ducted a cross-examination, under
which Davis simply went to pieces.
He even had to acknowledge that he
had left the theater by the back door
so that people in the cafe would not
see him, and that once she was with
him. In fact, his own words rounded
out the case of the people completely.
Wednesday the people will know if a
man reckoned unfit for duty in the
business part of town, a man discredit
ed by his own acts, will be retained
for the residence districts, where women
and children need protection and where
the burglar and the footpad find their
finest field.
FIGHTING FOR
IMPROVEMENTS
Graded Streets Demanded by
Water Company Before
Laying Their Mains.
Sunset District Improvement Club
Report of the Executivs
Committee.
The following is part of the report of
the executive committee of the Sunset
District Improvement Club, which was
presented to that body at their last meet
ing, held in Park View Hall, corner of H
street and Ninth avenue.
A great portion of the remainder of the
report is devoted to an arraignment of
the representatives of the Sutro estate for
their opposition to the public improve
ments for which the club is so earnestly
fighting.
To the officers and members of the Sunset
District Improvement Club— Mr. President:
Your executive committee begs leave to report
that the specifications of that portion of the
main Intercepting sewer from Eighth to Tenth
avenue on J street, and from J street to H
street and Tenth avenue, and from Tenth to
Fourteenth avenues on H street, were posted
last Saturday for bids: and the Board of Su
pervisors at its last meeting: passed a resolu
tion Instructing the City Engineer to prepare
plans and specifications for the completion of
the sewer to Twenty-fourth avenue and I
street, to b« paid for by an appropriation in
the tax levy of the next fiscal year. Your
committee would state that the thanks of the
residents and property owners of Sunset Dis
trict are due to the Hon. Lawrence Devany,
the Street Committee, the Board of Supervisors
and the prior board for granting relief from
further destruction of their property through
the dumping of the waste Spring Valley water
and the Almshouse sewage on Eighth avenue
and J street. Sunset District has been sadly
neglected by all .ormer boards except those
mentioned, and we would particularly state
that the present Board of Supervisors and es
pecially Its Street Committee, have done every
thing In their power to get an outlet for Sunset
District, and for the progress and advancement
of the same; and we are sure that while the
present board is in office. Sunset District will
become densely populated, unless the Silurian
large property owners like Sutro and others
will stop its progress by protests.
According to Instructions your committee
and a number of the property owners of Sun
set District attended the meeting of the Water
Committee to make a fight for the enforce
ment of the resolution of the Board of Super
visors requesting the Spring Valley Water
Company to lay 8-inch water mains on Ninth.
Tenth and Eleventh avenues, from I to M
streets, on Twelfth avenue from H to J streets,
and on X street from Eighth to Twelfth ave
nue, and directing the Chief Engineer of the
Fire Department to designate the places for
the necessary hydrants to give the residents of
the district fire protection.
The committee of the whole of the Board of
Supervisors, with Dr. Clinton in the chair,
kindly acceded to the request to ask Chief En
gineer Schussler, when he was testifying be
fore the committee, a few questions" regard-
Ing the willingness and ability of the water
company to furnish water to the Affiliated Col
leges and to the thickly settled portion of Sun
set District between Seventh and Twelfth ave
nues and H and M streets; but Dr Dodge,
the Supervisor from the Fifth Ward, raised the
point of order that the meeting was held to fix
water rntes and not to provide water for the
Inhabitants of Sunset District, and that we
should petition the Board, which would no
doubt grant ue relief In the matter. In an
swer to the few questions asked Chief Engi
neer Schussler admitted that we ought to have
water In the area mentioned; and that if we
would have Parnassus avenue from Wlllard to
J streets and J street from east line of Fifth
avenue to east line of Seventh avenue graded
the Spring Valley Water Company would lay
mains from Clarendon Heights reservoir along
said lines and furnish water for the Affiliated
Colleges and for Sunset District as far south
as M street. He could not. however, agree to
do this, but would so advise the Directors of
the water company.
In accordance with this and on behalf of the
Affiliated Colleges and the residents and prop
erty owners of Sunset District, we petitioned
the Board of Supervisors and appeared before
the stret committee on behalf of our petitions
last Thursday.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Mamie Tessier has commenced suit
against John P. Tessier for divorce on
the ground of cruelty. Thomas J. Alver
son has applied for a divorce from Eliza
Alverson on the ground of desertion
Mabel Maud Bruce has filed suit for di
vorce against Walter W. Bruce on the
ground of failure to provide. Hannah
Edwardson )s the last on the list of ap
plicants for divorce. She asks the court
to annul her marriage to Alexander Ed
wardson, alleging cruelty as a cause of
action.
The First Baby Lions.
Juno, the lioness at the Chutes, Is a
proud and happy beast of prey to-day
The event happened last night, and now
there are at least three lion cubs in Cal
ifornia, the first, the management says
to be born in captivity in California. At
a late hour mother and litter were report
ed as doing well.
The fac-simil© : '^ J7- ' y"/^- -stJ^ to on every wrapper
X : •ienaturo of ; (Aa//6fz&gZ4£ l of CASTOEIA.
STANTON IS A
PLACE-BUYER
The Ex-Teacher Tells a
Tale of How He Bribed
and Was Bribed.
Makes Serious Charges Against
Prominent Members of the
School Board.
Weird Details of Negotiations Be
tween Himself and Directors.
His Flight.
Nemesis Stanton Is on the warpath.
He has arrived from the north on his
Arab shod with fire and armed with
a sharp-pointed affidavit with which
he proposes to make life miserable for
the School Board. His affidavit he
pronounces irrefragable, or to quote
him more exactly he says it is "spicy."
At any rate it covers seventeen pages
of "legal cap" and contains much mat
ter of interest to some members of the
board as well as to ex-Principal Kil
patrick of the Business Evening School.
For one of Stanton's immediate pur
poses, as declared, is to support Kil
patrick in his trial by the board to
morrow.
It will be remembered that Kilpatrick
was recently suspended for unprofes
sional conduct, and is still in a state of
suspense. Stanton was one of his sub
ordinate teachers, and he, too, was sus
pended "indefinitely." In the incriml
nations that arose over this state of
affairs Kilpatrick openly charged the
Board with having sold a position to
Stanton, and in this he was supported
by a man named Atherton.
Stanton himself was at that time in
accessible, but now, on the eve of the
conflict, he arrives on the scene pant
ing for the fray. He admits that he
paid $300 for a position and gives de
tails seriously implicating some of the
directors. He confirms Atherton's re
port of a conversation between himself
and one of the board and throws con
siderable light generally on the dark
subject of plase-trafncking,
Stanton in his affidavit said he ar
rived in San Francisco in August, 1897,
and sought the principalship of the
new Mission High School. He saw
Secretary Welch of the Board of Edu
cation, with whom he had previously
had some business relations, and asked
him for a letter of introduction to Dr.
Ragan, which was given him.
This letter with his credentials he
presented to the doctor, who suggested
that Stanton see Welch again and
talk to him "plainly." He did as di
rected, and Welch promised to speak
to the doctor. Stanton called on Welch
the following day and was advised to
see Ragan again and talk "plainly but
delicately."
Stanton says he again saw Dr. Ra
gan and said he would be willing to
compensate the Director for any loss
of time he might be put to. After fur
ther negotiations it was finally agreed
that Stanton should be given a posi
tion in the night schools upon the pay
ment of $300 to Ragan.
A few days later, Stanton says, the
O'Donnell and Wall suits cropped up,
and with the object of aiding and ex
posing the corruption he entered into
a plan with a certain newspaper to en
trap Ragan. In furtherance of this
plan Stanton again saw Ragan and
was given a position as teacher; but
on one pretext and another delayed
paying the $300 promised.
When the Grand Jury began its in
vestigation and Waller was indicted,
Stanton says, Ragan offered him $300
to go to Australia, giving him $60 in
gold to go to Vancouver that night
and promising to send the balance to
him there.
Ragan failed to keep his agreement
and Stanton returned to this city to
clear Kilpatrick of the charges he had
been induced to make against him and
to bring Ragan before the Grand Jury.
In the affidavit other School Di
rectors are implicated, but not to the
extent that Dr. Ragan is.
MISPLACED SYMPATHY.
Hugo Stubbe, the Wealthy Young
German, Must Look After
Himself.
Hugo Stubbe, the wealthy young Ger
man who has been spending his money
lavishly in saloons on the Barbary Coast
since arriving here about four weeks ago,
is not entitled to much sympathy, accord
ing to Judge Low and others who have
been trying to berriend him.
The search-warrant case, in which
Stubbe sought to recover his trunk from
M A Brown, a collector, was resumed
before the Judge yesterday. Brown and
his witnesses denied flatly that any
threats of arrest and imprisonment had
been made to intimidate Stubbe to sign
the orders on the German Consul for pay
ment of money he owed to saloonkeepers,
and Attorney M. M. Fooote. who was tne
"Judge" referred to by Stubbe, denied
that any threats were made in his hear
ing. He said Stubbe signed the orders
W The g Judge decided to allow the trunk
to remain in the custody of the police
Droperty clerk till Stubbe paid the money
he owed and at his request Attorney Fox ;
agreed to withdraw the charge against
Stubbe of maliciously procuring a war
rant Stubbe wentaway with his friend,
Mrs ODea of the Pony saloon.
THE HIBERNIANS.
Division No. 2 of the Ancient Order of
Hibernians will give their twenty-ninth
anniversary ball on the evening of th«
17th of the current month. At a meeting
held yesterday the following committees
were appointed to take charge of the af
fair'
Arrangements— M. F. Donleavy, C. Ro
den, John McFadden, H. Golden. John
Devanv, Samuel Quinn, M. Dolan. Wil
liam Keegan. T. C. Conroy, T. McHugh.
Thomas Rooney. M. J. McDonald, Peter
Prunty, John T. Connolly, R. Mogan, M.
Ratigan, James Moloney, John Kenny, P.
J Meehan. Reception— J. J. Donovan,
State president; E. I. Sheehan. State sec
retary; P. J. McCormick, county presi
dent; E. J. Hannon, county secretary;
John J. Meehan. past president; M. C
Gorham. past president: M. F. Donleavy,
past president; Bartly Lee, president;
Judge M. Cooney, Dr. Brennan, Dr. Gal
van. Dr. Douglas. Floor— C. Roden, Peter
Prunty, Samuel Quinn, John T. Connolly,
H. M. Golden (floor manager).
FOR NATIONAL
GUARDSMEN
The Inspection of Companies
Will Not Be Merely
Perfunctory.
Aw the division commander intends to be
division commander in the same manner
that he was brigadier general, he will sur
round himself by men on his staff who
are practical national guardsmen, and in
order to do that he will no doubt accept
of certain ""jj™^
£5SS3a«a -g
tions in regard to the guard of this State
he will do much to re-establish confidence, ,
which ' for some time ] has been ■ lackl ng.
The moment that the rank and file^ M .be
several regiments notice that the f"P£™"* ■
officers display activity there : will vbe a
renewal of interest that will »*? e th *
marked difference in the guard for the
better, and willdo much to place it above
the grade of "tin soldiers. ™°™<%'
It is evident that the new commander ■
does not intend to be satisfied with per
functory inspections and reports from tne
brigade inspectors, for in orders recently
issued ordering the inspections, he gives
the inspectors to understand that the in
spections will have to be uniform ana
that before the duty of inspection com
mences the inspectors will have to satis
factorily answer a number .of questions
which he shall propound. In other words
he proposes to inspect the Inspectors to
ascertain if they are competent to per
form the duties required of them, and in
the orders, which are the moat stringent
ever issued from the headquarters of the
division commander, he says: •'.' '' "" , %
Upon the result of the work of the inspec
tors an intelligent opinion can be formed as to
the condition and effectiveness of the guard
and its component parts, and information and
suggestions are thus obtained conducive to its
improvement: and such information can only .
be obtained by" inspections and by customs of*
the service, and it is the proper and only way
in which the desired information can be ob
tained VhU-h enables us to keep abreast of the .
times and thus keep the guard up to a proper
state of efficiency.
In . every instance the. inspection an«
muster will be under the personal super
vision of ■ the brigade inspector of 1 each "
brigade and the captain commanding the
naval militia.
..... - j
THE LADIES' ANNEX.
Pacific Union Club Talks of Giving
Up the Scheme Recently
Adopted.
The members of the Pacific-Union CTuh
are not sure whether they really want to
establish a ladies" annex. A few weeks
ago the club had a meeting, and resolved
to take one of the storerooms on the
ground floor of the club building and fit
it up in magnificent, first-class style for
a ladies' restaurant. It was the sense of
the meeting that no expense should be
spared to render the annex worthy of the
club. Since then there has been so much
talk in the club about the enormous cost
of fitting up and maintaining such an
elaborate annex on the ground floor that
conservative members took aiarm at the
prospect. The directors of the institution
have been petitioned to call another meet
ing of members to further consider the
proposition in the light of new intelli
gence on the subject. The present Indi
cations are that the club will reconsider
its former action and indefinitely post
pone the whole scheme of extension.
A Mass-Meeting of Tailors.
A mass meeting of tailors was held In
Foresters' Hall last evning for the pur
pose of explaining the objects and ad
vantages of membership in the branch
of the International Journeymen Tailors'
Union, which has just been organized.
The meeting was well attended and about
twenty-five signed the roll, while as many
more promised to do so at the next meet
ing. This union differs slightly from
other trade organizations in this city, in
asmuch as one meeting night in the
month is set aside for the discussion of
the political questions of the day, al
though none of the members are bound to
support any one candidate. Organizer E.
S. Christopherson. through whose ef
forts this union was organized, leaves to
morrow for a tour through Colorado,
Nevada and adjacent States. He has the
well wishes of all local union men, who
appreciate the good work he has done
here by filling what was considered a
long felt want.
Arrest of a Burglar.
William Walsh, a sailor on the TTnlted
States steamer Mohican, was arrested
last night by Policeman O'Rourke and
charged with burglary. Several days ago
Walsh visited the residence of Mrs. R.
A. Evans at 1529 Oak street, and drawing
a knife compelled her to go from room to
room and point out her valuables,
threatening to kill her if she made an
outcry. He secured several hundred dol
lars' "worth of jewelry and thi-ri left.
From the description given of him by
Mrs. Evans, O"Rourke last night recog
nized Walsh as he was walking along
Fourth street and at once placed him
under arrest. Subsequently Mrs. Evans
visited the City Prison and positively
identified him.
Money Lying Unclaimed.
Attorney Thomas B* Kase claims to
have discovered $5000 belonging to the es
tate of Henry Giddings in the vaults of
a local savings bank. The attorney ap
peared before Judge Coffey and stated
that he had not only discoveredd the
funds but had discovered new heirs who
are entitled to the amount left in the
bank by Giddings prior to his death. Ow
ing to these statements the estate may
again be taken up by the courts and the
funds distributed.
A Few Thousand Short.
The directors of the late Mining Pair
met last night and after figuring up ac
counts discovered a deficit of $3614 25. The
cost of maintaining the fair was $39,461 25.
The receipts were $25,847. The old print
ing press and several valuable exhibits
were turned over to the park and the
museum. _
In the Divorce Courts.
William M. Stover was granted a di
vorce from Ella M. Stover by Judge Sea
well yesterday on the ground of deser
tion. Frank Voltolini was ordered to pay
his wife alimony in the sum of $15 a
month pending the settlement of a suit
between them which is now before the
court.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE TREATMENT!
FREE MEDICINES I
You can test the ability of the
ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT
SPECIALISTS of 731 Market St.
at their expense.
ONE WEEK'S TREATMENT AND
MEDICINES ABSOLUTELY FREE.
This is done to demonstrate the superior
methods and equipment of this famous insti-
tution.
WHAT THIS FREE TREATMENT
MEANS.
This jrrand offer of Free Treatment and Free
Medirinep for one week sho*s that the EXO-
LISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIAL-
ISTS are honeat with the nick. If you have
any chronic msH they don't want your
money unless they <an cure yu
If you cannot call at the office send for free
book nnd symptom blank.
English and German Expert Specialists,
731 Market St., San Francisco.
Hour*. 8 to 5. Evening, 7 to 8; Sundays, • to
11. Phone— Green 601.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powertul pnrou.aiac and Bpectliu tomo
for the sexual and urinary organs of botij
•exes, and a great remedy for diseases of th«
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on Its owa
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
m Market Street. S. F.-<SeHd tor CtfsuUgr.*