VOLUME LXXXIII.— SO. 43.
A FIELD DAY
FOR OPPONENTS
OF ANNEXATION
OPPOSITION
IS GAINING
IX STRENGTH
The Treaty Lacks
Five or Six Votes
Yet.
There Is No Prospect
That These Will Be
Gained.
Too Many Foreign Complica
tions Will Come In With
the Islands.
DAVIS MAKES HIS TALK.
Chairman of the Foreign Relations
Committee Ass ;mes Leadership
for the Lnnd Pirates.
•: Plspatrh to The Call.
"Call" ofßce. Risers House,
"Washington, D. C, Jan. 11.
This was a field day for the anti
annexatlonists. They are in ?n exul
tant mood to-night, and those who are
Incli- • a little bit "sporty" of
:" two to one that the treaty
will not b» ratified. This confidence
is not based upon the poll of the Pen
which they have made them
selves, but they take th« poll mad.- hy
tlie opposition papers this morning,
■which showed that the annexationists
two or- three rotes short of the
necn=sary sixty.
To-day's developments show that
three of four Senators who were count
ed for annexation hay expressed
themselves as being opposed to it.
The?.-. Senators are: Fpooner of Wis
ronsiri. Gear of lowa. Thurston of Ne
braska and Mantle of Montana. Sen
ators Ppooner and Gear said to a
newspaper correspondent to-day that
their disposition was to vote against
the treaty. Mantis of Montana said
the same, while Thurston of Nebraska
announced his position to another Sen
ator. "I cannot vote for the treaty,"
paid he.
Thus It seems that the treaty will i
lack five or six votes of the necessary |
two-thirds. It is generally conceded i
that if the treaty fails the hill or the ,
"joint project" providing for annex
ation will not 1"- taken up. It is.
therefore, safe to assume that the an
nexation of Hawaii will not be accom
plished at this session of Congress.
Except for a few minutes given to a
controversy over some minor postoffice
confirmations, the entire time of the
executive session of the Senate was
consumed by Senator Davis of Minne
sota in a speech in support of Hawaii
an annexation. Mr. Davis is chairman j
of the Senate Committee on Foreign i
Relations and his speech was generally !
accepted as the semi-official utterance
of the majority of the committee. He
ppoke about two hours, and when the
Senate adjourned he had not finished.
The speech was the first on the merits
of the treaty, and on this account and i
because of the known fact that Sen- !
ator Davis had made a very careful in
vestigation of the subject, he received
the undivided attention of the members
4of the Senate, regardless of individual
views. As the speech was delivered be
hind closed doors, a verbatim report
could not be secured. The portion of
the speech delivered to-day consisted
of a review of the relations between
this country and Hawaii during the
history of these islands, and was in
tended to show that the United States
had exercised a fostering and protect
iing care over them from the beginning,
with many evidences of the intention
of ultimately making them an integral
portion of the American domain.
"I approach this question," the Sen
ator began, "with, I hope, a due sense
of the responsibility imposed upon me
in ginning a debate, the result of
whic:i may be of momentous conse
quences to the future dwellers of both
this country and the Hawaiian Isl
ands.
"The question," he continued, "is one
of importance so vast that one must of j
necessity approach it with a certain
degree of timidity," because it was, he
said, very difficult to present all the
points involved as they should proper
ly be presented, however much care
and attention one might have given to
the subject.
The Senator, without further apolo
gy, then launched into the presentation
of the subject before the Senate. He
consumed considerable time in a gen
eral presentation of the resolutions for
annexation, saying that these were
both commercial and strategic.
Referring to the commercial reasons
for controlling the islands in the in
.4 terest of this country, he called atten
"•., tion to the location, midway in the Pa
cific Ocean, and said that anyone with
• • half an eye to the importance of the
" trade of the Orient could discern the
fact that they must cut a very Import
The San Francisco Call
ANNEXATION MEANS
A NEW SLAVE STATE.
FRANKFORT, KY., Jan. II. — In the General Assembly
to-day Representative Albert Charlton introduced the following
resolution :
"Whereas, There is at present pending in the United
States Senate a treaty providing for the annexation of the
Hawaiian Islands; and,
"Whereas, That annexation would be tantamount to the
admission of a slave State, the representatives of which would
necessarily work and vote for the enslavement of labor in
general ; therefore, be it
"Resolved, That we urge the United States Senate ft>
reject the treaty of annexation and to take such other steps
as may be necessary to maintain amicable relations with
Hawaii."
1 here was some little opposition and Charlton made a
fiery speech in which he took the ground that organized labor
would suiter. After- some parliamentary skirmishing the reso
lution was passed by a viva voce vote.
ant figure 1n controlling tnat trade for
the future.
"As for their military importance."
said tlv> Senator, "it hap already be
come evident that the opening of the
new century which Is now bo near
must mark the opening of a new con
dition of affairs in the far Easl
He referred then briefly t.> the opera
tions of the European powers in China,
predicting that the time was net fnr
distant when the great nations would,
if they were not checked, control the
entire Asiatic seaboard.
Taking up the question of the rela
tionship between Hawaii and the Unit
ed States, Senator Davis presented a
very thorough review of the efforts
which had been made in the past to
annex the islands and presented quota
tions from many eminent statesmen of
former times to show, as he Bald, that
the best American thought had always
favored this policy.
He referred at some length to the
Marry treaty, showing why it had not
been perfected, as he did also to the
treaty which was made during Mr.
Harrison's administration. He also
quoted many of the utterances of Sec
retary Marry and also of Daniel Web
ster, and in ending, took occasion to
compliment both in high terms. "In
deed," said the Senator, "with the sin
gle exception of the administration of
Mr. Cleveland it has been the avowed
and consistent purpose of all parties in
all administrations in this country up
to the present time, to make the Ha
waiian Islands a part of the United
States." He contended that their his
tory, so far as they have a civilized
history, is the result of American en
terprise and energy and said the is
lands belonged to this country by virtue
both of sentiment and geographical
cation.
"In view of all the aspects which the
case presents, the United States • an
not afford, either in its own Interests,
or the interests' of th^ Hawaiian peo
ple, to allow this opportunity to gain
control of them t" pass. Buppose we
should not ratify the present treaty
could we consistently continue to ex
ercise the right to prevent other na
tions from assuming the control which
we decline to take?"
He said that up to the present time
we have assumed to exercise a sort of
supervision over the Islands, under th^
guise of asserting the application of
the Monroe doctrine, but under these
circumstances it would h>- a bold man
Indeed who would consider t r; ;» t doc
trine applicable In the future, in view
of our failure to take advantage < f
'his opportunity t<> make the islands
our own.
"In case," asked Senator Gray, also
:i member of the Committee on For
eign Relations, "the islands should be
annexed, is it the policy to have them
admitted as a State of the Union, with
their present mixed population?"
"Such I do not believe to be the pur
pose of any one," replied Senator Da
vis. "I, myself, freely admit that the
population of Hawaii is not BUCh at
the present time as would he desirable
in an American State, and for myself
I say that I consider the character of
the population to be one f the objec
tions to annexation. But the advan
tages so far outweigh this one element
as to render it of comparative insig
nificance."
He added that while he did not be
lieve it to be the purpose of any one
that the islands should constitute a
State of the Union, he would not
attempt to say anything that would
bind future administrations in this
matter. One point which Mr. Davis
dwelt on at some length was the desira
bility of the islands, not only to this
country, but to all the leading powers
of the world.
"We," he said, "should take the isl
ands while we have the opportunity,
and if we do not want them, it will be
a very easy matter for us to get rid of
them on our own terms."
He showed that they would be a very
important territorial acquisition to
either Japan, England or Russia, and
expressed the opinion that either of
these powers would take the islands off
our hands at any time we might make
known our desire to be rid of them. It
will be easy enough, he said, to turn
them over to some other country if we
find them to be an undesirable acquisi
tion, but who will say that it will be so
easy for us to take them at some future
time in case we voluntarily deprive
ourselves of the present opportunity.
He therefore urged that the experiment
should be made at this time.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 12, 1898.
When Senator Davis concluded this
portion of his speech, it was the gen
eral understanding that he would con
tinue to-mormw. but as he has an
abundance of material it is doubtful
whether he will be able to conclude
with one more effort. When he ceased
speaking h>- was generally applauded
by his fellow Senators upon his com
prehensive presentation of the subject
JOINT RESOLUTION
SECURING ANNEXATION
CANNOT BE PASSED.
Weak Points of the Scheme Become More
Apparent as the Debate in Secret
Session Proceeds.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.— The first
pitched battle in the Senate over the
Hawaiian annexation left both com
batants feeling confident at ultimate
victory. The Senators who opposed
annexation ar* 1 sure that the sentiment
In its favr is at floodtide now, and
will slowly but surely ebb. They fur
ther believe that if the treaty fails (ft
ratification In executive session, no
amount of argument over a joint reso
lution for annexation can secure its »>n
actmeni into law. This is npi so much
because the House will be affected by
the failure an because the Close draw
ing of Uri'-s In the debate In secret ses
sion will result in a determination <'n
the ; art of the antl-annexatlonists to
kill the whole scheme. And this, under
the Senate rules, is possible if any con
siderable number of Senators are.
bound to accomplish it.
The argument which is said to have
won over two or three doubting Sena
tors to annexation, namely, that the
of things on the Pacific had been
Beriously changed by the recent acqui
sitions of the great powers in *'hina, is
one which is quite as likely to win Votes
against annexation as for it.
The anti-annexatlonista regard it as
a great point in their favor, for it adds
materially to the complications which
we invite when we go into the business
of extending our naval and commer
cial picket line into the middle of th.
largest of the oceans.
Instead of having merely two inferior
Asiatic powers to deal with, we arc
liable to have these and three or four
of the great powers of Europe thrown
in, and the danger of collision and
trouble is increased by that propor
tion. It is thought that some of th--
Pacific Coasl Senators are 'willing i"
compromise on an agreement to fur
ther fTtify and Improve th«- leading
seaports of their coafct, so v to put
our whole Pacific front into the best
possible condition f"r either war or
peace. <">ne of their great objects now,
aside from standing in with the admin
istration, is to cause a larger naval
force to be kept in the Pacific, as would
be necessary in ease of annexing the
Hawaiian Islands. If a similar end can
be gained by simpler means, it is
thought some of them may be won
over. It is noted by the anti-annexa
tionistsfis a peculiar fact that the most
strenuous opposition to the motion yes
terday to throw open the doors and dis
cuss the treaty in public came from
Senators who were foremost in de
manding an open session when Secre
tary Bayard's fisheries treaty with
<sreat Britain was before the Senate in
1888. The opportunity which would
have been given the jingoes to roar out
insults to England in debate on the
fisheries treaty would, they thought, be
popular with the ignorant mob outside.
Whereas the Hawaiian treaty will af
ford no such chance for inaflmmatory
speech- making.
WAS NOT DEAD, BUT
REMAINED IN A TRANCE.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 31.— Mrs. Alice Parke.
20 years of age. residing at 422 ec
ond street. East St. Louis, went into a
trance Monday morning at 10 o'clock,
and it was thought she was dead. Her
heart seemed to stop beating, and she
turned cold. She remained in this con
dition until this afternoon, when some
neighbors came in to assist in prepar
ing her body for burial. She then
shivered slightly, opened her eyes and
looked around. The sight of the
crowd so shocked her that she fainted.
A doctor was hurriedly summoned, and
in a few minutes she was brought
around all right. It is now thought sh>>
will recover in a short time. She said
that she remembers nothing from Mon
day until aroused this afternoon. She
says she simply felt queer and could
not move, but she is all right now, with
the exception of weakness and a queer
feeling about her head and stomach.
SEMINOLE
INDIANS ON
THE WARPATH
Are Leaving Behind
Them a Trail of
Blood.
Already Twenty - Five
Whites Are Reported
to Have Been Slain.
Special Trains With Armed
Men Hurried to Protect
Eariboro.
TERROR IN OKLAHOMA.
I
Horrible Burning of Two R«*dskins
Hus Chuspil Their Brethren to
Seek Vpni/jearice.
On last Saturday Lincoln Me
. Geisy and Palmer Simpson, two
Seminole Indians, were burned at
the stake by a mob of white men
in Oklahoma, for the murder and
assault of Mrs. James Simmons,
the wife of a respectable farmer
living near the town of Maud. The
atrocious crimes of the Indians
were committed in the presence
of the unfortunate woman's small
children.
SOUTH McALESTER, I. T.. Jan. 11.
— A telegram received here at 5:40
o'clock this evening by the train dis
patcher of the Choctaw, Oklahoma and
Gulf Railroad states that a band of 150
Seminole Indiana are on the warpath
and are leavhitr behind them a trail of
blood. The telegram was sent by the
railroad station agent at Earlboro. The
brief Information conveyed was that
the Seminoles were iventjina: the work
of the mob of white men that burned
two Sominole Indians r.r the stake on
Friday last, and that the infuriated
Femlnoles had already massacred
twenty-five men, women and children.
The station asent gave the addition
al information that th- hand started
from a point six miles south of Earl
boro with the avowed intention of set
ting lire to Tecumseh and killincr all
whom they met. but that the Indians
were reported to have changed their
course and were at the time of the
sending of the message heading toward
Karl bore.
Thf> receipt of this Ftartliti? Informa
tion has created Intense > \ itement in
Bouth IfcAlester. Federal Judpes
Pprinper. Thomas and Townsend, who
are In the city, are aqsrfously awaiting
further news. Scores of people here
Continued on Second Pa«?e.
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast at Sin Fran
cisco: Rain on Wednesday; south
erly win. is.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
Pan Francisco 44 decrees
Portland M depress
Lns Amselfs 52 degrees
San Diego 56 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Annexntiont*ts Loping Grown'!.
S*mln<»lps Massacre Whites.
The Jut* Rug Scandal.
SECOND PAGE.
Prison Directors Meet.
Married for Many T«*ar*.
THIRD PAGE.
Hanna Gets a Majority.
Hank President Murdered.
Bloat Fassett Talks of China.
Awards for Seized Sealers.
Fight for rr"«lf'B Money.
Anchor Line in Hard Luck.
FOURTH PAGE.
The Work "of Congress.
Union Pacific Securities Held p.
Gltrajr*a New Postmaster.
Mnr.lrr.-r Winters and His Allb!.
Griffo Knocks Out Lewis.
FIFTH PAGE.
I^>s Angel** School Scandal.
E. K. Als=li< Has Vanished.
Count Esterhazy Cleared.
,.. SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
Plans for Currency form.
Made Ready for the Jubilee.
An Incomplete Dill.
Words to the Wise.
Seasonable Halns.
The Iron and Steel Industry
"Rain Up the Mountain 11 (Poem).
Graveyard Gossip.
Stories From the Corridors.
SEVENTH PAGE.
A Bold Break for Liberty..
San Francisco Club's Home.
Jubilee Funds Lacking.
EIGHTH PAGE.
San Francisco. Gateway to Alaska.
Real Estate Market Review.
Rn'clng at Oakland.
A Barbed-Wire Telephone.
NINTH PAGE.
News Alone the Water Front.
Shea Called on to Report.
Durrani" a Body Goes to Pasadena,
TENTH PAGE.
The Commercial World.
ELEVENTH PAGE.
Trouble Brewing for Chinese.
News From Across the Bay.
Dan T. Cole the New Coiner.
TWELFTH PAGE.
Welcome Rain Over the State.
THIRTEENTH PAGE.
Births. Marring" 1 and Deaths.
FOURTEENTH PAGE. ■ .
Cosmos Club and the Ladles.
Lawyer* Almost Come to Blows.
Meeting of the Regents. .". ./. ; ,V:'".
Sensations Among the Medicos.
Counterfeiters In the Tanks. .
JOBBERY IN THE
PRODUCTS OF
STATE PRISON
The Board of State Prison Di
rectors have been grossly violat
ing the law supposed to govern
the sale of grain sacks.
Prices have been manipulated
hy thorn, to the groat disadvan
tage of the small farmers, whom
the Ostrom act was designed to
befriend.
Th>>y have played into the
hands of the Importers, and fa
vored throughout the State the
growing system of extortion
established by the middlemen.
Last year they depleted their
surplus at a minimum price for
futurt- delivery, in lots exi-eedint;
the legal limitation, and th-n
raised the prices while the mil
lions of sacks unpaid for were
still in ih« State warehouse.
They favored lartre purchase is,
the wealthier farmers and un
scrupulous middlemen.
They ran up th<' price of sacks
from $4 7". to jr, 40 per hundred In
a few weeks, and before the
sacks were needed for the crops.
' ':.<■> middleman handled 150,
000 sacks under these conditions
and mulcted the small farmers
t«. the limit.
While the year is still young and not
greatly sinned against it may be well
for the State Board of Prison Directors
t" lay the foundations of reform in the
matter of managing the sale of the ,
Jute products of San Quentin.
Although the board Beem to be bliss
fully Indifferent i<> the awkward posi
ti«>n in which they have placed them-
Belvea— and this is the mildest fnrm in
which th'.-ir transgressions can be gen
eralized -they have been violating the
law supposed to govern the subject in
a manner intended to ronvey ihe Im
pression that they have decided unani
mously to be a law unto themselves.
Not only have the board annulled the
• ssential provisions of the Ostrom act
and trampled its mandatory restric
tions unuer femt, their laxneps of super
vision and want of vlKilance are blam
ahle for much hardship and injustice
worked apainst the smaller farmers by
banker dealers in sacks and country
middlemen.
Scarcely can it b*» possible that the in
iquities of ;i »sieiu which has devel
oped rapidly durinp the year past under
their very eyes have eluded their per
< • ptlon, since th*> complaints against it
made by the sufferers have occasioned
th-- Inquiries conducted by The fall.
It is with no desin- to brine the board
into disrepute, to impeach th»»ir individ
ual Integrity or to produce sensational
effects that The Call takes them to task.
No Inferential charges will be laid at
their door. It will suffice in the public
interest, and more particularly in the
interest of th<>s»- farmers who stand
must in ne<-d <>f encouragement and
protection, that the board have grossly
violated the law timo and time again:
that tho rt-stilts of these violations have
been evil and injurious, practically as
well as morally.
The motive of the establishment of a
jute plant at the San Quentin prison
was to maintain an industry with con
vict labor which would in no manner
compete with the free white labor of
the State, and at the same time prove ,
nf especial benefit to the strußKling ;
farmers and other small consumers of
jute products. To them was to be af- I
forded the opportunity to purchasej
Manipulating Grair) Saci^
Prices Against Small
Wheat Raisers.
fin Arbitrary Policy Which Re
sulted in Booking Prices
for the Importers ar)d
Middlemen.
SAN QUENTIN JUTEMILL.
such grain sacks as they needed each
year at a price exclusive of the pro
fits usually accruing to importers and
middlemen. Under the former admin
istrative privileges allowed the board
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
WARDEN HOLE.
this result was not attained.
Accordingly, thf> law of February 27,
| 1593. the full text of which is printed
herewith, provided for the sale to farm
1 ers alone of sacks and jute goods in the_
limited numbers of 5000 pieces or fewer,
and only on affidavit proof that actual
consumers were the intending pur
chasers. Po Jealous were- the friends of
this act to insure its benefits to the
small actual consumers that the num
ber any one person might purchase an
nually \v:,s limited to 3000 sacks in the
original bill. The Senate amended this
provision so as to allow of maximum
annual purchases of 50>">0 pieces.
The law was designedly hedged in
with restrictions, but the board were
not at a loss to find a loophole when
they con< luded to embark on the pe
culair enterprise about to be described.
It will be noted that In section 1 of the
act it Is made the duty of the State
prison authorities to confine the sale
of jute •; Is to consumers direct, "but
no order shall be filled for any one In
dividual or firm during any one year
for more than SOW grain bags, except
on request of the Warden and the
unanimous approval" of the board.
In section 2 it is provided that "on
and after the ir.th day of June each
year, by and with the consent of a
majority of the board." the Warden
may fill orders for larger quantities to
"actual consumers."
While these two provisions would
seem to be in conflict they are recon
dlable in intent. Obviously the power
and duty expressed in the first section
is this: When an applicant appears
before the Warden prior to June 15 the
en must satisfy himself that the
person in Question is an actual con
sumer, approximately in the quantity
of sacks applied for, because it is on
the Warden's recommendation that the
1 are to act. Nor is the approval
of one or a majority of the board suf
ficient. They must "unanimously"
consent, on the assurance that the
goods are for consumption direct, be
fore the order of the applicant can be
filled. This clause affords the board
the chance of accommodating' a wheat
raiser who needs more than 5000 sacks.
It was not intended as a cover for con
tracts for sacks in great numbers, to
Itvered at the option of the appli
cant.
Greater latitude is given the board
under the clause in section 2, since, ac
cording to this, they may dispose of
more than 5000 sacks to any single ap
plicant by consent of a "majority" of
the members. But even here they are
required to take every precaution that
r.o person othor than an actual con
sumer should be favored.
On July 1, 1893, the beginning of the
first fiscal term in which the Ostrom
net operated, the s?an Quentin ware
house contained a surplus of grain
packs in the number of 1,259,500. This
surplusage increased until it registered
on February J, 1^97, ?.. 220,000 sacks.
The board about that time, under a
pretext seemingly sound from a busi
ness point of view, adopted a resolu
tion nullifying the law. They
resolved to sell sacks In any
number within th^ limit of 1.000,000. for
future delivery, as wheat and otner
commodities are sold on change for
speculation in margins. One of the
very first individual sales under this
decision was of 100,000 sacks. Evi
dently a coterie of friends, mostly
■wealthy middlemen and farmers
with large: estates, were quietly
apprised of the illegal departure
on th^ part of the board, for
in the brief period of fifteen days a to
tal of 2,000,000 sacks had been con
tracted for delivery, any number of
the applications, which came with a
rush fr~>m certain quarters, ranging
from 20,000 to 100.000 sacks.
A second resolution was made to
cloak the sale of the second million and
meanwhile, on February 5, the board,
acting by virtue of the power vested in
them, had fixed the price at $4 75 per
hundred sacks. February 20th, when
2.000,000 sacks had been contracted for,
they advanced the price to $5 per hun
dred, and at this rate under resolutions
disposed of 500.000 sacks, at this point
limiting each applicant to 10,000 sacks.
Two days later they resolved, on the
same terms, to sell an additional 750,
000 sacks. Two weeks afterward they
advanced the price to $5 40 per hundred,
and placed the limit of applications ac
cording to law again, at. 5000 in each
case.
It will be observed that the larger or
ders were accepted at the lesser price
fixed by them, and that they chalked
up the value of the product to the early
and favored applicants, in six weeks,
on stock still in tho State warehouse,
but bargained for delivery! from $4 75 per
hundred sacks to $o 40 per hundred. Be
fore these sacks were called for the
board had by private legislation, after
the fashion that corners in shares and
industrial products are manipulated,
fattened the value of {he total pur
chase to the applicants by $18,000, and
pegged up th»- price to the thousands
of small consumers who depend on- local
storekeepers and dealers, from $4 75 to
$5 40 — just 65 cents per hundred.
One not accustomed to figuring
margins might be puzzled to see how
such could be the result. Here is the
easy sleight-of-hand manner in which
it is worked out: Two million grain
packs in the penitentiary warehouse on
February 3 were rated as worth $4 75
per hundred. A comparatively few per-
BOna contracted to buy this number at
the price given, but had no call for \
them until the period of their use in
the fall had arrived.
March 13 the board fixed the price aX
$5 40 per hundred, making the sacks
Ftiil undelivered ■worth just 65 cents per
hundred more to the applicants who
neither had paid for nor received them.
The total of the inflated value thus
manipulated was 65 times 20,000, or
$13,000.
Between February 20 and March 13,
at $5 per hundred, 1,250,000 sacks were
contracted for delivery.
On March 13, the date of the second
raise to $5 40 per hundred, this part of
the warehouse stock was inflated- by 40
cents a hundred sacks to the intending
purchasers, or a total of $5000, making
the grand total of $18,000. As the Cal
cutta rates follow the prison jute rates,
the prices for the season were thus
watered to the $5 40 point, which was
the average at which the small rarmers
had to buy their sacks in the market.
Throughout the State certain bankers
and storekeepers, by a connivance that
is criminal, secure San Quentin sacks
to deal in, together with the Calcuttas,
Which are of inferior quality. Al- :
though the product of the State Prlso-n
mill is by no means commensurate
with the demand — in fact, satisfying
only a fraction of it— it is of sufficient
volume to serve as the chief factor in
regulating the prices of the Calcutta i
importations, which come from the
cheapest of cheap labor, and are can
trolled by a combination.
The minimum prices on Calcutta
sacks range under the quotations for
♦he State product, and late in the sea
THE LAW OF FEBRUARY 27, 1893.
SECTION I. it shall be the duty of the State Board of Prison Directors,
from time to time, to fix the price, and to give public notice of the same, at
which jute goods shall be sold by the State, but at no time shall the price fix; 3
be more than i cent p:r ba% in excess of the tie! cost of producing the same, ex
clusive of prison labor ; and it is made the duty of State prison authorities
to confine the sale of jute goods to consumers direct, but no order shall bi
filled for any one individual or firm during any one year, for more than 5000
grain bag?, except on request of the Warden, and the unanimous approval
of the State Board of Prison Directors.
SEC. 2. Demands for jute goods by consumers shall be promptly filled
in the order in which thry are made; but when the supply is short demands
shall be registered at the prison in the order of their arrival, and filled from
the output of the jute mill in the order of registration ; provided, that on
and after the fifteenth day of June of each year, by and with the consent of
a majority of the Board of Prison Directors, the Wardtn may fill orders for
larger quantities to actual consumers, as they may, in their judgment, deem
expedient; provided, that orders of farmers shall take precedence over ail
others; provided further, that 10 per cent of the purchase price shall accom
pany each order, and the remaining portion must be paid upon delivery of
the goods.
SEC. 3. *AU orders' for jute goods must be accompanied by an affidavit stttinx
forth that the amount of goods contained in the order are for individual jnd per
sonal use of the applicant, said affidavit to be subscribed anJ sworn to before
some Notary Public or by a Justice of the Peace residing in the township in
which the applicant resides, provided that any applicant, as heretofore pro
vided for, who falsely and fraudulently procures jute goods under the pro
visions of this act shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.
SEC. 4 This act shall take effect immediately.
son usually go a little above it. In 1897,
for example, the season of the extra
ordinary action of the board related,
C'alcuttas were quoted at $4 12 : -2, when
San Quentins were $4 65, $4 7:> and $."..
After the State Prieon Board set up the
price to $5 40, with a depleted stock,
Calcuttas Jumped to $5 75.
This law respecting the quotation on
sacks is not drawn solely from the ex
perience of last year: It is applicable
to other years, and has been noted in
the State of Washington, which imi
tated California in equipping Its Walla
Walla Penitentiary with a Jute mill.
While precise flgures as to the cost of
Calcutta sacks laid down in San Fran
cisco are not readily obtainable, it is
generally known that the margin of the
importations is such that the imi"it
ers are at all times prepared to sell at
prices fixed on the prison product, or
for less.
It remains to be seen, therefore,
whether the prison board were justi
fied in pushing up prices arbitrarily as
they did — an action beneficial to the
importers and injurious to the farm
ers. It should be remembered that be
fore they fixed the $5 40 rate they had
contracted for the delivery of the sur
plus product. They were virtually ad-
Justing a price on the output of 1897.
Now the law expressly provides that
"at no time shall the price flxe.l 1»*
more than 1 per cent per bag in excess
of the net cost of producing the s;ui:>-,
exclusive of prison labor." This is
plain enough In lettered intent. Going
beyond, it was not the purpose of th-i
Jute mill acts to create a convict labor
industry of profit to the State. The
income to the revolving fund was ex
pected simply to cover the actual ex
penditures made on the product. In the
nature of things, a season might come
when the 'product would be sold for a
little less than the actual outlay in
money, and to recoup this loss the lati
tude "within which the prio* of a suc
ceeding season might be fixed was lim
ited to 1 cent per sack in excess of the
cost of production.
It does not seem from an analysis of
the jute mill record that any such
emergency had arisen. The cost of pro
duction per sack, laid down in San
Francisco, in the fiscal year of 1893-4
was 4.68; in 1834-5, 4.85; in 1895-6, 4.41;
In 1896-7, 4.24. Thus the average cost
of the four terms would be less than
the 4.75 price fixed for the 2,000.000 sacks
contracted for delivery under the first
February resolutions. In other words
the average cost per sack for the four
years was 4.55*4.
Then came the sale of 1,250,000 at 5,
which increased the average receipts
above the actual cost, and finally when
the possibilities of sales were reduced
to the running output, the price -was
marked up to $5 40. It is represented
that the board fixed the latter price
after an estimate had been made, show
ing that the actual cost of production
was $4 40. Thus they sought to force
the price to the limit textually allowed
by law, Instead of paring it down to
the minimum intended. Even here
they manifestly made out the case to
suit their wishes, for their own official
record states that the actual cost of
production, with the bag laid down in
this city was 4.24. In this respect,
while boosting the market against the
farmer, they violated the law to the
extent of 16 cents on every hundred
sacks; that is to say, they fixed a price
1.16 cents per sack on the product of the
last half of the 1896-7 fiscal year in
excess of the actual cost of producing
it. v
"Was this done in the interest of the
farmer? Certainly not
The evil effects have been traced
through some of the wheat raising
counties by The Call; and, let it be
said, with no malice against the board,
and with no design to make them the
objects either of defamation or sensa
tional attack. It was found that when
it came to the period of the delivery of
State sacks the Calcutta prices had
advanced from $4 12*2 to $5 25. The large
majority of storekeepers and dealers
had both lines of sacks for sale, and
in many instances left the selection
from either stock to the option of the
small purchaser. They were enabled
to do this by the high water quota
tion fixed by the State board, approxi
mate to which the importers sold the
Calcuttas, inasmuch as the supply of
State sacks, controlled by the middle-
men, though superior in quality, were
represented in cost at the quotations
of February and March, namely. $4 75
and $5. In other cases the cost of both
Calcutta and State sacks was advanced
by adding the freight rate to the $5 40
quotation. In every aspect the action
of the board on February 20 and March
13, in making up the price, was in
jurious to the interests the State Jute
mill Is supposed to advantage.
How in the world could middlemen
get possession of State sacks, is asked?
The Call will cite merely the known
method of a single operator, and in do
ing so may add that his dealings must
have been familiar to at least one mem
ber of the board. This man handled
last year no less than 150,000 State
sacks, procured by him under the pe
culiar dispensations of February and
March, as related. His case will serve
to Illustrate the immoral and degrad
ing practices Involved with the many
THE SAX FttAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JAXUARY 12, 1898.
abuses of the Ostnnn law. He is a
storekeeper, like many another benefi
ciary of the premature grain sack sales.
Many small farmers patronize him, and
doubtless receive favors as debtors.
They appeal to him for assistance
when they want sacks, or, as has been
learned, he advises them early that
they should put in their applications.
The majority of them, short of funds
at that time of the year, are made de
pendent on him fc-r the deposit of the
required 10 per cent of the purchase
money. He agrees to advance this, and
further pay the residue of 90 per cent
and the freight charges when the sacks
are delivered to him.
Hut the farmers must commit a mis
demeanor under the law before they
can secure this assistance. One man
will need r.oo sacks, another 1000. The
middleman could not help them out on
such a small purchase. They must ap
ply for the full limit of f,ooo sacks— in
excess <if it In some instances— and
make affidavit that they are actual con
sumers of the given number. He carries
in stock, in fact all his kind do. a sup
ply of blank forms. The form Is as
follows:
-I en
To the Warden of San Quentin Prison:
Sir: I herewith inclose for $ — , to
rover deposit required by law on
grain bags at — cents.
Ship baes upon recipt of balance of
purchase price by — — _.
Respectfully,
State of California. County of , pp.
I hereby certify that I am a farmer
and grower of grain, residing in
County, and that the baes ordered
above are for my own personal and In
dividual use.
Subscribed and sworn to before m*
this day of , IS9— .
Notary Public.
Tliis affidavit the farmers are per
suaded to sign and swear to, though
numbers of them, it is learned, who
arp familiar with the law have declined
to do so. and the orders are filed with
the board. Each application is signed
by the middleman, and be 'incorporates
the stereotyped notice "shipping in
structions to follow."
When the harvest time comes he has
all the applications he mndp forwarded
in carload l«.ts. In this particular in
stance his freight rate amounted to $1
a, thousand. Th« local rate is J1.62 I*..1 *..
and the extra 62 1 A cents he added to the
farmer's account.
The farmer who signed the affidavit
for r>ooo or 10,000 sacks, as the case
may have boen, while he required only
FM or moo in 1*97, paid $.". 40 per hun
dred with the 1.62»^ freight pt-r thou
sand added, and the middleman put
into his warehouse the remainder of
the consignment for $4 75 and $r>; for
the most part at the former figure.
Many, if not nearly all. of the small
farmers thus imposed upon, are ignor
ant of the law, and, therefore, unaware
of the fact that they are tempted into
committing a misdemeanor by its very
terms. Not so with the middleman,
who does not hesitate to make tools of
these men, and convert their necessities
and ingenuousness to his personal pro
fit.
This petty rascality is not common
only to one community. It is practiced
in many, and demands the rigorous
surveillance of the board.
The Call believes that the board
should revise their methods of dealing
with the grain-sack product, and mere
ly makes this statement preliminary to
a fight it Intends to wage until the
farmers have a thorough hearing, to
the end that a more prudent and con
siderate supervision of the subject may
be enforced. Governor Budd has been
appealed to by complainants acquaint
ed with the errors and mischief of the
present manner of management, and
may be expected to interest himself In
the matter.
The board will attempt to justify the
extraordinary course they have pur
sued, on the ground of business expe
diency. Maybe their motives were
satisfactory to themselves. They have
hankered and hungered for quite a
while for the unrestrained confrol of
the sale of bags, and at one time went
so far as to advocate the sale of prison
sacks in neighboring States. In fact,
they incorporated this idea, after the
Attorney-General had reproved it for
mally, in that part of their 1894-96 re
port which recommends the repeal of
the Ostrom restrictions on their dis
cretionary powers. They might well
argue at the time, in support of their
position, that the revolving fund was
somewhat depleted by a surplus pro
duct they could not dispose of at home
with profit, or for cost, yet how could
they expect to dispose of it in contig
uous States to better advantage, with
the Calcutta sacks still in the market
against them?
While the Ostrom provision may be
subject to criticism, a.s difficult to com
ply with, It has not received the trial
by the board to which it is entitled.
First of all, no tenable reason can be
urged why the board cannot sell for
cost every sack produced at the prison
mill. No profit is required or expected
by the people. What is desired above
all other considerations is that the
small farmers receive the benefit of the
act of 1893. The primal duty of the
board is to endeavor by every economy
to reduce the cost of production and
to make the cost, as much as they pos
sibly can, the standard of market quo
tations. It is by developing the possi
bilities, or at least fairly testing the
merits of the Ostrom act, that such an
end may be achieved.
Two causes militate against the mass
of small farmers getting sacks at offi
cial rates. One, their want of funds
for the preliminary 10 per cent deposit
and the final payment before realizing
from their crops; the other their Ig-
norance or misapprehension of the law.
Between them and the State the board
shc-uld serve voluntarily as advisers
and negotiators. They should address
annually to every small farmer in the
State a letter explaining the law and
offering co-operation on the part of the
board in the matter of securing tem
porary loans for the needy through the
many banks that could be persuaded
to extend credit, say, for 60 days, at a
reasonable monthly percentage. They
should refrain additionally from fixing
prices or making sales until the prox
imity of harvest would enable the farm
ers to estimate the number of sacks
they might need.
The whole transaction: the fixing of
price on the basis of cost, the accept
ance of applications with deposits, and
the delivery and receipt of final pay
ment, mi^ht be made to cover a period
not exceeding sixty days in which the
farmer could sell at least enough of his
sacked crop to liquidate his note. Take
for example the experience of 1897.
Say a farmer needed 1000 sacks, and he
could have secured acceptance of his
application in June or July under the
February rate, which was ample for
the State, as it covered the cost of pro
duction. A deposit of ?4 75 would have
been required. Now a small farmer
is poor Indeed Who cannot raise $4 75
or twice or thrice that amount. In
thirty days he would have wheat to
sell, with the proceeds of which he
could take up a note covering the 90
per cent final payment and freight.
At 1 percent, or say II 1 * per cent, for
such a small accommodation, he would
pay for this assistance less than one
dollar. Ah it was he was made to pay
on the thousand sacks he used $6 GO
premium, a distinct loss to him even as
a borrower of $5 50 on that small lot of
poods. So it runs through the countless
list of minor wheat producers who are
the very ones the board should go out
of their way to protect and assist in
the spirit of the law for which they
have shown such regrettable contempt.
With these men the board should put
themselves in touch by persistent and
systematic correspondence, and when all
has been done for them that can be
done by the 15th of June each year,
then the discretionary power of ac
cepting applications for sacks in num
bers exceeding 5000 may be exercised.
RELIEF PARTY
ABOUT TO MOVE
"Will Sail for Skaguay and
Dyea on the 23d ot
January.
Interesting Letter From Ex-
Collector Wesson of
Seattle.
Pp* lal Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or.. Jan. 11.— The Gov
ernment relief expedition will start for
the Klondike on the steamship Oregon
which sails from here on January 23
for Skaguay and Dyea. Arrangements
were completed to-day with the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company by General
H. C. Merriam, commanding the de
partment of the Columbia, for the
transportation qf the men, mules and
supplies.
The advance party will consist of
sixty men from the Fourteenth In
fantry, and with them they will take
100 mules and 250 tons of supplies.
Captain Ruhlen of Fort Riley will
have chaw "f transportation.
SACIiAMENTO. Jan. 11.— Andrew
Wapson, ex-Collector of the Port at
Seattle, who is now at Dawson City.
N. W. T.. lias written a letter to his
wife, who is now in this city, in which
h»' t'-lls of some interesting things
about affairs in the Alaskan gold fields.
He writes that one day in the latter
part of November there was great ex
citement caused by a raft going down
in the ice loaded with beef, the men
crying out and offering $1000 for a line
to land them, which was not possible.
One day he counted thirty-six boats
rushing down the river with the Ice,
but it was impossible to lend any as
sistance. On November 16 the ther
mometer was 25 degrees below zero,
with but little hope of it going higher
for eight months. The days were short,
there being no light except between 10
a. m. and 3 p. m.
Wat.sun s;iyiY "I Rm afraid there
will be great suffering and loss of life
here this winter as provisions are not
to be had at any price. Many hun
dreds went down the river to Fort Yu
kon, where the steamers are stopped
with provisions, and hundreds are still
go|ng up. Many who go out will re
main, while others will return in the
spring with provisions. We can expect
no rHiof now until next June or July,
when we look for steamers up the
river from St. Michael. The condition
here is terrible. Wood is $60 a cord and
it burns out about as fast as one can
put it in the stove. A newspaper of re
cent date would sell for any money.
Writing paper and envelopes have
given out. Letters are being written on
wrapping paper and sent out to be put
in envelopes and stamped.
"THE BLACK CARDINAL"
WRITTEN BY A PRIEST
Rev. John Talbct Smith's Play Will Be Pro-
duced at a Prominent Broadway
Theater.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11.— Rev. John
Talbot Smith, a Roman Catholic priest
who is understood to be in his clerical
associations very close to Archbishop
Corrigan. has written a play entitled
"The Klack Cardinal." which is to be
produced at a prominent Broadway
theater. The piece is an historical
drama, and its plot is founded on the
struggle between Napoleon I and Pope
Pius VII. in five acts. The struggle is
full of interest and teeming with dra
matic incidents.
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AH
drujrfclKts refund the money If It fails to cure.
25c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet
AFFAIRS OF THE
STATE PRISONS
Important Meeting of the
Directors at San
Quentin.
Reports Presented and Pardons
That Were Granted and
Denied.
A Banquet Held in the Evening in
Honor of Retiring Director
E. J. DePue.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RAX QUKMTJLN PRISON, Jan. 11.—
The State Board of Prison Directors
were officially informed at the meeting
held here to-day of the execution of
Theodore Durrant last Friday. There
was no comment whatever. Warden
Hale simply handed the death certifi
cate signed by Dr. Lawlor to Clerk
Ellis, who read it, and the incident was
dyer.
There was a full meeting of the Pris
on Directors to-day, and considerable!
| business of importance was transacted.
Directors Wilkins, Fitzgerald, Hayes,
Devlin and DePue responded to their
names, and the session continued
throughout the day. mis evening a
banquet is being held in honor of E. J.
DePue, the retiring member of the
board* whose term as Prison Director
j expires at midnight after ten years of
service as one of the energetic members
I of the board.
Director Devlin read the following
resolution, which was approved and or
dered spread on the minutes:
Whereas, the term of Hon. Edgar J.
DtPue is about to expire, and after ten
years of faithful service as a member of
the State Board of Prison Directors he
is about to retire from the board, and
th.- board desires to express In enduring
form their appreciation of his devotion
to the public service;
Resolved, by the State Board of Prison
Directors that the Hon. Edgar J. DePue.
by the painstaking attention he has
given to the arduous duties of a director,
by the consideration he has at all times
shown for those with whom he came In
contact, by the kindness and justice with
which he has discharged his duties to
the unfortunates under his care, is en
titled to receive the gratitude of the peo
ple of the State. In the board he has
unfailingly been courteous to his fellow
members, and by his rigid adherence to
duty, his unquestioned integrity of pur
pose and his keen sense of honor, he has
at all times won and possessed their
deep and abiding respect. In the rears
of honorable and useful life that still lie
before him his colleagues on the board
wish him success and prosperity. Some
of the pleasantest hours of their lives,
they are happy to say. are those that
have been passed in association with him
as member of this board, and the ties of
friendship that have been formed in
such intercourse time cannot destroy or
change.
Resolved, That this resolution be
spread in full upon the minutes of the
board, both at San Quentin and Folsom.
Warden Hale then presented Mr. De
Pue with a handsome silver service on
behalf of the officers and employes of
San Quentin Prison. He said that all,
from the Warden himself down to the
guards, extended the hand of good fel
lowship, and wished that both health
and wealth would follow Mr. DePue
through life.
Mr. DePue expressed his thanks, and
said that though he was to retire, he
would assure them that his interest
would not cease with his term.
In a verbal report Warden Hale stat
ed that the new wharves and sheds or
dered by the board were completed;
that a change in the running of the
jute mill had been made, as Instead of
mud drums, a system of funnel-cocks
had been put In, causing an expense of
5700. :-'\^,
. The following report of the operations
of the jute mill was submitted by
Warden Hale:
Number of (Train bags on hand 2,247,000
Number held for shipment on orders
from last year ". 13.".,r>00
Number of bags available for, sale 2.112,00
Raw Jute on hand In warehouse, 21S0 bales;
will run the mills until about April 10, IS9S.
Jute contracted for to arrive:
SOQO bales on ship Ecclefechan, out from Cal
cutta 71 days.
1000 bales per December steamer from Cal
cutta via Hongkong.
Comparative output of Jute mills for the
month of December:
1593— 3016 cuts grain baling (23 days), aver
age 120 cuts.
1894—3134 cuts grain bagging (23 days), aver
age 125.72 cuts.
1895— ii*q cut» grain bagging (11 days), aver
age 107.27 cuts.
1856— 1120 cuts grain bagging. S7r. cuts sugar
bagging 14-shot. M cuts sugar bagging 15-shot:
total 2084 cut* (19 days), -average l'io cuts.;
equal to 2277 cuts grain bagging. 119.84 cuts.
1897—1441 cuts grain bagging (10 days), aver
age 144.10 cuts. hBS£
In a report to L. Wadham. expert
accountant of San Quentin prison, E.
P. Colgan. State Controller (by W. W.
Douglas, deputy), forwarded from Sac
ramento the following items shown
by the State's books:
State Prison Funds $79,041 79
Jute Revolving Fund 72.4.12 60
Support, etc M.737 86
Salaries, etc 40,075 73
Expert Wadham submitted the fol
lowing report to the board:
Gentlemen: Herewith please find re
port of my examination of the books and
vouchers and quarterly report for the
quarter ending December 31, 1897:
On January 2. 1898, I counted the cash
In the general fund, as well as that be
longing to the prisoners confined in San
Quentin, and I am pleased to report, that
I find both to agree with the amount
called for in the books kept by your
clerk. • • • I have checked the quar
terly report with the cashbook. checked
all Vouchers with the cash entries, and
I am pleased to report that I find vouch
ers properly numbered and filed for every
dollar disbursed. I have checked all
postings from caphbooks and Journals to
the ledger. The bankbook was balanced
to the 2d inst., which agrees with our
account in every particular.
Cash Account In General Fund—
Cash In Hank $3.997 46
Cash in Vault IS4 99
Total cash belonging to State 14,182 45
Prisoners' Cash —
Cash In Bank $2,800 00
Cash in Vault 129 73
Total $2.929 78
Available funds for the balance of the forty
ninth fiscal year are as follows:
General Appropriation Fund $ 94,833 64
State Prison Fund 79,041 79
Jute Revolving Fund 72,452 60
Cash In Hand 4,182 45
Total Working Capital..: $250,510 45
Trial balance of general ledger also prison
ledger are completed, on file and correct. I am
pleased to report that your books are correct
and In proper order. 1.. WADHAM,
Expert Accountant for the Board. :
Pan Quentln, January 10. IS9S.
Thomas Murray, a convict serving a
ten years' sentence for burglary com
mitted in San Francisco, had his cred
its restored and will be released on
February 1.
E. J. Esplnoza, serving ten years for
manslaughter, committed in Santa
Barbara County, lost his credits for
using a knife. The directors restored
part of the forfeited credits, and Es
pinoza will also be released on the Ist.
"Nigger" Brown, the hero of Innum
erable stabbing affairs, put in an ap
plication to have his credits restored,
but this was refused by the board.
Andrew Ptannard's sentence was
commuted from seven years to three
and a half by the board. Stannard was
convicted of grand larceny in Kern
County.
David McKean's application for a
parole was granted. He was convicted
of bufglary in San Francisco, sentenced
to two and a half years, and his term
will expire April 7.
"W. F. Baird's application for a par
ole was granted. Uaird is confined in
Folsom prison under a six years' sen
tence for forgery committed in Madera
County.
James W. Flood, the embezzling cash
ier of the Donohoe-Kelly Bank, asked
the directors for a recommendation for
pardon, but the matter was put over
for one month.
In the cases of Charles Osgood, B. F.
Staley and George Chadwick, all serv
ing long terms for participating in the
famous white cap cases of Lake '""oun
ty, the board returned their applica
tions for pardon to the Governor with
out recommendation.
At the banquet this evening at "War
den Hale's residence, in honor of E. J.
DePue, the following guests were pres
ent: Prison Directors E. J. DePue,
James H. Wilkins, Robert M. Fitzger
ald, Daniel E. Hayes, Robert T. Dev
lin: Supreme Judge W. C. Van Fleet,
Hon. W. W. Morrow, Superior Judge
Frank M. Angellottl of Marin County,
Hon. F. H. Gould. Warden Charles
Aull of Folsom prison, Warden W, E.
Hale of San Quentin, Clerk of the
Prison Directors J. V. Ellis and Hon
B. F. Smithy
SEMINOLE
INDIANS ON
THE WARPATH
Continued from First Page.
who have relatives and friends at Eari
j boro and other points in that section
are Jjesieging the telegraph office for
: news, but the agent has either left
! Earlbnro station to gather further in
. formation or perhaps has been slain
{or driven to seek shelter. If the Earl
| boro agent cannot be reached soon by
! wire a train will be dispatched from
here at midnight bound for the scene
of reported massacre under orders
from Judge Springer and having on
board all the available Deputy Mar
; shals under command of Captain Gra-
I dy, while the Secretary of War will be
wired to order troops from Fort Reno.
The general offices of the Choctaw,
Oklahoma and Gulf road have ordered
out a special train from Shawnee bear
ing volunteers armed with Winchesters
to intercept the Indians at Earlboro
and prevent further bloodshed.
PITCHED BATTLE
BETWEEN INDIANS
AND SETTLERS.
Conflict Near the Maud PostofTice in Which
Several Families Are Exterminated
by Redskins.
WICHITA, Kan., Jan. 11.— A special
to the Eagle from Shawnee, O. T., says:
The train from the east to-nighr
brought to this city a car containing
every woman and child of Earlboro.
The passengers confirm previous re
ports and say a pitched battle between
the Indians and settlers took place this
afternoon near Maud postoffice, result
ing in the wiping out of several fum
iles.
At later dispatch from Shawnee siys:
A message call for men and arms has
just been received from Earlboro, a
town of about 100 inhabitants, nine
miles east of here, saying that nearly
300 Indians have declared vengeance
on the town and are moving forward
declaring that they will burn the place.
Grave fears are entertained for the set
tlers on the border. A special train
was made up from here and 150 men,
armed to the teeth, left for the scene.
The whole country is aroused.
GUTHRIE. O. T., Jan. 11.— Deputy
marshals arriving here from Maud re
port a reign of terror in that section
of the territory, following the recent
lynching of two Seminole Indians,
which has provoked the Seminoles to
threaten vengeance. A dozen families
are reported to have left their farms
in the vicinity of Maud. One deputy
brings a report that two white men
were captured by Peminole bucks yes
terday and put to the thumb torture.
United States Marshal Thompson i
received instructions to-day to send a j
force of deputies to the line marking j
the border of Oklahoma and the In- j
dian Territory to co-operate with the
Indian Territory officials in quelling
the threatened outbreak.
SEMINOLE CHIEFS
DECLARE THERE IS
NO UPRISING.
But Nevertheless the People Along the
Oklahoma Line Fear the Vengeance
of the Indians.
DALLAS, Tex., Jan. 11.— A special
to the News from Oklahoma City, O.
T., says: There is an uprising in the
Seminole Nation and one hundred
armed Indians have killed twenty-five
citizens of Pottawattomie County,
this territory. The Indians are seek
ing to avenge the recent burning of
Lincoln McGeisy and Palmer Simp
son, two Indians of the Seminole
tribe, who were accused of murdering
Mrs. I.card of Maud postofflce. A spe
cial train load of armed citizens has
gone to Earlsboro, ten miles from
Maud, and excitement Is higher than
ever known before in the Indian Ter
ritory.
Another special to the News from
Wewoka, Ind. T., says: To-day-
United States Commissioner W. T.
Fears and F. F. Wisdom, chief clerk
to Indian Agent Wisdom, accompa
nied by O. P. Linn, the national physi
cian of the Seminole Nation, went to
the farm of Henry Taylor, a Seminole
Indian, where the bodies of Lincoln
McGeisy and Palmer Simpson, the
NEW TO-DAY.
Has Left Her
Troubled With Nettle Rash, but
Hood's Sarsaparllla Cured It.
"I was troubled with nettle rash. I
was induced to take Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla, and after I had taken a few bot-
tles of this medicine the disease entire-
ly left me, and I have felt nothing: of
it since." MRS. A. R. BIGGS, Angel's
Camp, California.
HonrvQ sarsa
rIKJKJU Z> PARILLA
Is the best— ln faot the One True Blood Purifier.
HOOD'S PILLS euro all Liver Ills. M conw.
two Seminole Indian boys who were
burned at the stake by a mob, are
buried, and opened the temporary
grave where the charred bodies were
resting.
Only the trunks of the bodies re
mained. The legs and arms were en
tirely burned off and the bodies were
unrecognizable. A common trace
chain was around the neck of each and
secured by the padlock. The chain was
removed and brought back to Wewoka.
It will be used as evidence in the inves
tigation. Commissioner Fears is thor
oughly investigating the matter. Wis
dom is here to report what takes place
to the Interior Department. The re
port that the Indians are rising is
wholly false and without foundation.
It is rumored that the people along
the Oklahom.a line are much excited
and fear the Indians will cross the
line and endeavor to avenge the death
of their brothers. This, however, need
not be feared, as all is quiet and serene
in the Seminole nation. Yet a feeling
has been created by the cruel and
hasty action of the mob.
Second Chief Hulisutter has directed
the band chiefs of the Seminole nation
to urge *he Indains to be quiet and not
commit any reprehensible acts. Sen
sational reports as to an Indian out
break are not to be relied upon.
THREE HUNDRED
GATHER ON TRIBAL
DANCING GROUNDS.
Semino/es Gathering in Force Near Earl-
boro and Settlers Are Fleeing From
an Expected Massacre.
OKLAHOMA CITY. O. T., Jan. 11.—
Word reaches here to-night that 300
Seminole Indians have gathered at the
tribal dancing grounds, three miles
south of Earlboro, O. T., and that many
settlers of that section of the terri
tory are fleeing from an expected mas
sacre. All sorts of wild rumors are in
circulation here, including a story that
twenty-five persons have been slain by
the Seminolos, but up to a late hour
to-night no positive news of any actual
attack upon the white settlers has been
received.
MUSKOGEE, I. T., Jan. 11.— United
States Marshal Bennett received a tele
gram to-night from one of his deputies
at Maud, O. T., in which the deputy
gives a report in circulation there that
the Seminole Indians are on the war
path and that a band of some 200 In
dians have massacred twenty-five per
sons. Marshal Bennett has made ar
rangements to depart in the morning
for the scene of the reported uprising.
He is very popular with the Seminolea
and hopes to be able to quiet them.
SANTA ROSA FORGERY
CASE OF GREAT INTEREST.
G. W. Patton, a Prominent Contractor, on
Trial for Signing the Name of
Another Person.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 11.— The trial of
G. W. Patton, a prominent contractor,
charged with forgery on an indictment
brought by the Grand Jury, began in
the Superior Court here this afternoon.
It is alleged that Patton .;igned the
name of an agent of the San Francisco
Lumber Company to a receipt for $300
for materials furnished for a house
built by Patton here. Patton «-laims
that he is not guilty of the chargo. The
case is e> citing much interest here.
There are telltale actions in most men,
If you see a man continually hesitating,
nervous and worried at small trifles, you
may be sure that there is something
wrong with his nervous system. He
probably has bad dreams, and his sleep
does him no pod. He wakes up In
the morning tired and with a coated
tongue. These are symptoms of
nervous debility. He is wasting away.
That man Is puny almost to 8 cer-
tainty, lie has lived too rapidly.
Wasted the gifts he had. Abused his
big constitution. "Hudyan" will cure
him. "Hudyan" makes up for all the
wasting process and stops it in a few
days. If you are wasting away write
for free circulars and testimonials show-
ing what "Hudyan" has done. Ask
for free advice too. You will be i
grand man again.
O D
-•
Do you know what blood taint Is ? It
Is shown by teeth that are getting
loose, by lumps in the threat, by weak
voice and by copper-colored spots. Any
one of these symptoms indicate it. Ask
for free "30-day blood cure" circulars.
No matter what the form of the blood
poison may be "38-day blood cure" Is
as certain to cure you as "Hudyan" is
sure to cure all debilitation.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts,,
San Francisco.
IT IS WELL TO KNOW
FROM US Ql\2 per ct.
CALIFORNIA TITLE
INSURANCE AND TRUST CO.,
ULIX-jLiS BTJU-iDINO.
CHAS. PAGE. President.
HOWAKD E. WRIGHT,
Secretary nnrt Manager.
DAUOIIJjIJ N > bootblacks, bath-
-_.._. houses, billiard-tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, eanners.
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
■tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manutacturers.6o9 Sacramento St.HANNA GETS
A MAJORITY
OF VOTES
Wins by One in the j
First Battle of
Ballots.
Bin the .Joint Action of
- )hi< ': 1 .egislature Oc
irs To-Day.
During Lhe Night There Is;
Lively Skirmishing by
tho Opposition.
BRIBERY TO BE SIP'TED.
iries c>? Tw • Co in ties Mny
Invest ignte Sei isatlon -.
i ated.
Fp?e!a] Dispatch to The Call.
r iiX'Mßrs, Jan. ll.— The factional
ivarfi • st S Eianna is not
have at leasi one more
harges and counter cha
The fight has never b- •
i
Hanna sevontj -
three votea to-day, a majority of one
fill in a total membership ■ I
The Senate voted 19 :" >r McKissoi
IT for Eianna. The House stood:
Hanna 56 McKis i ■ ■- I, War
ner I, Lenta ! ■ absent.
The only <•; bsenti R
.■■■•. the D ■ -Populist
• unty. who
is seriously si< k. ! I
■
in his sej t 1 .• • ;• the vote
was : each branch
ly a ma
jority of a quorum or of those present
that is necessary in th" joint
r, so that the ee
tative Cramer
might tmt £a< I
The scattering vote to-day Cor
Warner waa rust by
sentativea Wiley, Eiazlett and
crats. [f Cramer had
nd all other Democrats
House
•n fifty-three, or still
I irity in that
Legislai lire. With
i having i Ity of. three in
I iuse, McKisson having a major
in the Senate, the chair will
to-morrow thai there was
day and thnt a joint
vill b< In < irder. As . oon as the
two i . onvention
;.t noon to-morrow their respective
:' to-day will be rend and the
[I] make the
usual ■ ■
■ and Representa
n the joint b
rrow as !••■-. i irded to
.'. their respective ballots Senator
a will have a majority of only
all. But :•; the absen<
Repr< ■ Cramer and by some
of il ing to vote for
Mayor McKiss n, he is likely to have
■ ■ • [ record on the Jour
nal of the joint convention. With the
result apparently hanging on the
change of •■•■. the contest
.ill night, the same as
it has been g< ing on here "th'-r nights.
f ir t >.- ks.
Th" -•■•'. : s who ref
■ r Senator Eianna to-day have
signed statements that burn the
■ ■ hind them. Senator Burke.
- .r. Mason ;
they will vote for
■ ■ [1 the '»tis charges are proven
vi true. Representatives <>tis and
however, simply signed a
codicil ■ ■ ' the other
five :n which they concur
In asking for ;m investigation, but they
that they will ii"t vote for Han
na under any circumstances.
Whllo the bureaus of claims and of
chai - J ration on both
to-night there also are
reports aboul Ihe bribery charges
) to the <'ri-i"'i Jury of
oty and 'if Franklin
The Grand Juries are In ses
sion In both "f these counties, and
there are curreni reports to-night of
lictments before to
. ion.
As Representative Otis claims to
■ ••'! a bi ibe at his home
in Cincinnati, that case could "nly be
brought before the Grand Jury of
Hamilton County, and it wen],! be
?sary for Representative <>tis to
is a witness. Otis and oth
ers who would be wanted as witnesses
in th< • here to-night, and it is
not thought to be probable that oti«
would be absent to-morrow. If th<- vote
is cast to-morrow as it was cast to-day
the absence of Otis and others op
posed to Hanna would have no effect
on the result. There was talk of fili
bustering, but the opposition could
not break a joint quorum if all their
era Should remain away.
The other case of alleged bribery
comes from the other side. Represen
tative Snyder of Green County, who,
has be. -is stopping ai tli" Neil House
rinrins the last week, voted to-day foi
Hanna, for Boxwell for Speaker last
Monday a week, and attacked the
Republican (louse caucus one week
ago last Saturday. The opponents of
Senator Hanna have been after him ,
! constantly. It is alleged
that Maddey came to the Neil House
and that he claims to !
Kurtz and Bliss. Represen-
Snyder had been anticipating
the visit and a stenographer was con
: in the bathroom adjoining his
It is charged that Sny
der was offered $5000 for his vote and
Tl . I:tt <•> ■ nami a of his backers were
given by the caller
The stenograj hie report of the con- j
ition between Snyd ;r and Maddey
is :n the hands of \\..v.. ]■:. G Rath
bone, who was Assistant Postmaster
al under Hai risoti and is here as
■ne of t!i managers for Hanna. it has
been reported for several days that this
case was before the Grand Jury of
franklin County. bul when that body
closed its work this evening it was un- i
omcially stated that neither the Mad- '
■!•;>• case nor any other case connected
\Mtn the Senatorial contest was before
that body.
While It is not likely that any indict- :
men, V vii] ,„. ,.,,,,, yet nta ob
able that there will be an attempt in
the Legislature to-n i : ■ for a dra
mati« scene on the charges of bribery. I
The opposition is charging the Hanna
men to-night with voting down the
motions and the resolutions to-day for
an Investigation of the bribefy charges
made by Representative Otia The
Hanna men say they will give the full
est consideration to this luveatigaUon
at the proper time, but that the pur
pope of these charges now is to stam
pede the Legislature on the balloting for i
Senator, and that such a scheme can
not be carried through. Some of the
Hanna men also state that at the prop
er time they will reorganize the House,
as the vote of to-day showed that they
had a majority of three over all in that
body.
Harry C. Mason of Cleveland, speak- i
er of the House, to-night gave out the j
following: '•
To the Public: The principal reason I
why l have been opposed to Mr. Hanna i
is because of the fact that two years i
jigo. when the flfty-yenr franchise bill !
was before the Legislature, 1 was ap- :
proaohocl by a man from Cleveland; who
waa lobbying in the Interest of that bill. !
lie offered me a bribe of $1000 if I would
vote for that measure. At my conference
with Mr. Hanna hist Saturday I told him •
that this reason would prevent me from
supporting him. because l believed he.
knew the street railway of which he was
president was behind tWe man who of
fered the bribe, and be himself was on
the ground lobbying In the Interest of
the bill. ' HARRY C. MASON.
The Democratic steering committee
of the fusionists to-night Issued th-.
following man if'
To the Puh! " * Hanna will
not be elected - gislatun
■ . . .! kn 5. METERS,
JAMES H. ROSS,
R M DITTY.
Colonp! Jeptha Oerrard of Cincinnati,
who is spoken of na the candidate of
the free silver Repi bM< n In
formed that Hanna had received
enough votes to elect him. did not ap
pear surprised and spoke as if he ex
pected such :•. result. He said: "It was
Impossible to secure the vote of the
Cincinnati delegation for McKisson. as
his Bympathy for Bilver was doubted."
Governor Bushnell to-night said: "I
simply desire to repeat the statement
which T made a day <>r two sinci —
that the result of i 1i 1 " 1 contest rests
vhh the- members of tt>.> Legislature;
Whoever th< y may elect will receive
my c.rdia! support." The Governor
again reiterated that he had been mis
represented and misquoted by certain
newspapers, and declare.] that in
Borne instances absolute maliciousness
had bi en rea< hed.
Mayor X ■ f Cleveland was in
■ c during the evening with
the ' ■ and it was declared
\ ry emphatically by their leaders that
t!v !:. ■ bj any means been
and they would again rally their
forces In the joint ballot to-morrow t"
a sufficient degree to win tlt • battle.
The Democratic members of the Leg
islature held another confei
night, at which Judge Ditty, a member
of the fusion steering committee, re-
I that Kurt;-: had promised two
more Republican votea on the joint
to-morrow. Notwithstanding
this report, it was impossible to get the
three Democrats who voted against
McKisson to-day to pledge themselves
for him to-morrow. Several other
cratic members refused to attend
the ■■ although they were re
peatedly s^nt for. After repeated <•:'
to get all of the its t<>
vote with the six dissenting Republi
cans, and a failure to do so, th con
ference adjourned until :• o'clock to
morrow morning. The workers for the
opposition against Hani:;', will not
sleep to-night, but will put in all the
I n •■ until the joint ballot is taken to
morrow at noon. Several mci
who voted for Senator Hanna to-day
were in conference with the opponents
'ma at the Great Southern Hotel
to-night, but no changes were an
nounced. The chase for changes In the
vote will be kept up even to the en
trances to the State House to-morrow,
when the members can fr«-t relief on en
tering their respective halls.
Among tlit- propositions pending is
one to drop McKisson to-morrow and
vote for Garrard. Representatives
Droste and Lane, who have I n fa
vorable to Garrard, voted for Hanna
to-day. Garrard's friends say there
was a tim^ when the coalition might
lee ted him, 1. -it n. .-.■,- they do not
propose to have him nominated as a
; ■•••.
In i .■ with bribery stories to
night, it Is reported that wit: •
will !)•■ called before the Grand Jury
for Indictments against several prom
inent opponents of Hanna for con-
Bpiracy and on like charges at Cincin
nati for all connected with the Otis
nd Its publication.
Tlv following statement was It
from the Hanna headquarters at the
Nell House to-night .
Mayor McKisson's zeal in espousing
the cause of the principles of the Bryan
Democratic party is apparently carrying
him even to the extent of assuring his
Democratic allies that lit- has been se
cretly one of them during th« time in
which he was posing as a Republican
seeking office nt the hands of the Repub
lican party and making speeches in sup
port of Republican principles. The state
ment was made In numerous quarters
yesterday that McKlsson, before the
Democratic caucus. In accepting the
Senatorial nomination at the hands of
that party, pledged himself distinctly
and definitely to support the free silver
doctrine of that party if elected, It now
appears that In his excessive desire to
convince his bearers of his loyalty to the
silver cause, and to Democratic principles
generally, he said In his speech that he
was .1 Bryan man at heart in 1896 and
thai he voted for .Mr. Bryan in the
presidential campaign. The statement
was made by Grant Halltday of Elyria,
a well-known Democrat, w ho was a
memo* of the Democratic National Con
vention In 1896, and whose reputation for
accuracy is unquestioned,
This statement from Mr. McKisson
places him in a curious attitude In refer
ence to party fealty. He gave every evi
dence during the campaign of 1>!«; of
loyalty to the Republican party, and was
active in Its campaign, was the nominee
of the Republican party for Mayor in the
spring following the campaign of 1896.
and accepted the nomination and election
from that party without a hint that he
was not in . accord with its principles
and last fall, during the State campaign,
made speeches in which he reiterated his
loyalty to the principles of the Republi
can party. Now it appears that by way
of self-commendation to the Democratic
caucus he Informed its members last
night that he was secretly a Bryan man
in 1896 and voted for him for President.
In confirmation of the report that Mc-
Kjsson had made this assertion in the
Democrats in their caucus last night,
Hon. M. M. Leach of Linchfleld. Ohio,
this evening furnish. 1 to the public the
following statement :
"Columbus, Ohio, Jan. 11.— Mr. Grant
Halliday of Elyria. a former member "t
the Democratic State Committee, s; ( i.i to
me to-day. In the presence of Mr. Charles
Ensign of Khri;*. that Mr. McKisson sriid
in the Democratic caucus last night that
I>■ was ;: fi silver man an<i would
support the free silver legislation •■" the
Democratic party-, and that he "•">* a
Bryan man in I^'.<>; and voted for him.
•M. M. LEA< I
PROFESSOR DUDLEY TO
SUE FOR DAMAGES.
The Officers Responsible for His Arrest
Plead Justification and Say They
Do Not Fear Results.
SANTA CUV7.. Jan. 11.— Suit fordam
ages will probably !>•• commenced this
week by Professor w. H. Dudley
against George Morrison. Constable
Pratt and others concerned in his ar
rest upon the charge of having paaaed
counterfeit coin. Pratt says tint he
did not actually make the arrest, but
that Constable Kittredse of Watson
ville did so. His defense will :>c that
Dudley answered the description of the
man wanted for having passed the spu
rious coin, and thai Morrison positive
ly identified him. I'ratt further claims
that he tried to telephone to Palo Alto
to confirm Dudleys story, but was nn
• ble to make connection with the uni
versity. H» says that he only did what
pny oth^r officer would have done un
der the circumstances, and that lie has
no fear of the outcome of such a suit
as Dudley contemplates. Constable
Ord of Soquel, whose deputy Pl&tt we.a
supposed to be, disclaims ali knowledge
- f the matter, and insists thut no 6ne
from his office haii been instructed to
arrest the professor.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 12, 1898.
MURDER OF
A BUTTE BANK
PRESIDENT
Patrick A. Largey Is
Shot Down at a
Window.
Assassinnted by a Man
He Had Befriended in
Many Ways.
Back of It Is a Conspiracy to
Kill Several Prominent
Montanans.
SEQUEL. TO AN EXPLOSION.
Managers <>f Wrecked Building* Are
Doomed by Th<»-,e Injured In
the Disaster.
Special Dispatch tc Th» Call.
BUTTE, Mont.. Jan. 11. — Patrick A.
Largey, president <>f the State Savings
Bank and one of the l»--st known ,-jtj
zens of P.utte. was shot and killed in
the bank building about l o'clock this
afternoon by Thomas J. Riley.
Riley entered the bank five <> r ten
minutes before committing the bloody
act. He railed Largey to the cashier's
window and the two talked for fiv
minutes or more. They were convers
ing in ordinary tones and there was
nothing to indicate that their talk was
otherwise than friendly. Suddenly
Riley drew a gun and shot through the
window at Largey. The bullet struck
the latter in the left arm and shattered
the bone. Largey stooped down and
had he continued in thai position he
mipht have escaped with his life, as
he vas protected by the counter. How
ever, he rose partly, and as he did so
Riley fired a second shot. The bullet
struck Largey squarely in the forehead
and he fell over on the floor dead.
The murderer started for the front
door on I'ark street, and as h»" passed
the tellers window he took a shot at
those behind the railing. The hullet
narrowly missed Frank Holmes, onV of
the clerks, dug a bole In his desk and
went through ■ glass In one <>f the
windows on the Main stie.-t side of th«*
building. Riley then rushed out of the
Park stie,-t door, thrusting his pistol in
his pocket as he did so.
William Huselton, a customer of the
ban!;, was outside the railing when the
shooting occurred. He made a rush
for the man. but deterred by the sight
of the weapon, did not grab him. He
followed Riley out, however. The mur
hurried west on Park street, fol
lowed by Huselton, who kepi calling
out to arrest the man. Officers attract
ed by the shooting did so and he" was
to jail.
He fooled me too lone." exclaimed
Riley when he arrived at the county
jail, "and I killed him. H< kept prom
tne work, but he did not give me
any and I could not stand it any longer.
Now, If you want to hang me for it.
all right. Give me a quick trial and
end it."
The murderer has but one leg. lb
lost the other In the explosion of the
powder warehouses at the Montana
Central Railroad yards and has since
worn a cork !•
Large j • i~ manager of one of the
companies whose warehouse exploded
and caused the loss of fifty-eight lives.
In contradiction to his statement
that Largey refused to help him. i' is
wpM known that the banker frequently
helped him. He secured employment
for him a number of times, but Riley
was unable to hold a position any
length of time. Besides, Largey occa
sionally supplied him with money
It Is asserted that the killing was
the result of a conspiracy or an under
standing to kill more than one man
who had immaterial or proprietary
interests in the two warehouses that
were the scenes of the explosions.
These warehouses belonged to the
Butte Hardware Company, of which
Largey was manager, and the Ken
yon-Connell company, of which \V. R.
Kenyon was the head. Suits for dam
ages aggregating a quarter of a mil
lion dollar* weTe brought and several
verdicts were secure,], but the explo
sions and subsequent attachments had
exhausted the resources of the Ken
yon-Connell Company, while the Butte
Hardware Company had u,,n.- into
liquidation, and the Judgments are un
satisfied. There was Strong talk of
lynching Riley and four other murder
ers c< >nftned in the jail.
Riley was taken to Deer Lodge Pen
itentiary this afternoon in company
with Hob Shadwell, another murderer.
to prevent lynching, which looked
very possible. They were smuggled
out of town in the poor farm ambu
lance.
BELIEVED TO BE
AN EX-CONVICT
What the San Jose Authorities
Learn or E. A. Brown's
Assailant.
! Social Dispatch to I*» Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 11.— The authorities
are Inclined to believe that Isaac Mar
vin, the man who robbed and nearly
■ murdered K. A. Brown in this city last
Saturday, is William a. Miller, an ex
convict. The description of Marvin fits
Miller; and Mrs. Owens, who rode with
Brown and Marvin from Hollister, has
identified a picture of Miller of that of
Marvin. Miller has served two terms
in San Quentin. On October 30, 1871, he
J v.as sent to San Quentin for six years
i for highway robbery in one of the
i northern counties, but was pardoned
January 31, 1573. by Governor Booth
! In November, 1881, he, with two com
panions, held up a stage in Tuolumne
' and was given twenty-five years in San
I Quentin. He was released on March ''1
1897.
Marvin told Brown he was fromLink
ville, Ore., and held a mortgage on
property there. Chief Kidward tele
graphed there, and received the reply
| that Marvin was not known there, but
one Isaac Irwln had disposed of a mort
; gage there and left. It la now believed
i that Irwln is Marvin's right name.
Marvin, alias Irwin. alias Miller, has
not yet been captured, but his descrip
tion has been sent broadcast over the
j coast, and it is expected he will soon
1 be In custody^
PREDICTS
A WAR IN
THE ORIENT
J. Sloat Fassett on
the Asian Situ
ation.
Russia Has Virtually Es
tablished a Protectorate
Over the Koreans.
i
Result of a Secret Treaty Nego
tiated With the Feeble
King.
i
I YOUNG JAPAN WANTS WAR
I
!
! Sooner or Later Public Opinion Will
Carry the Old Statesmen Off
Their Feet-,
Sprrlnl Df*»tch to the <* a ]].
SEATTLE. -lan. 11.— The noted poli
tician and business man. Hun. J. Sl«-at
Fassett of New York, was in this city
for a few days prior to his return this
evening to his Rastem home. For morn
than two months Mr. Fassett has been
in the- Orient, returning to the Pacific
Coast on N«u fear's eve.
To-day he < xpnssed the opinion that
Russia.* present attitude in Korea is
the result of a secrei treaty winch was
negotiated between Korea and Russia
after the tr;,u'ic death of the Queen of
Korea.
Continuing Mr- Fassett said: "Rus
sia's attitude in Korea and the Orient
has been much misunderstood, though
1 am free t<> say the geneml Oriental
situation is. In the main, correctly re
ported here. It is rather remarkable
that the news in correct, when one < 'in
siders the average rceagerness and dis
tortion of cahl.- news iiom the Orient.
Hut Russia's present movements in
Kon-a d>> not mark any sudden aggres
sion .in her part. They are the result
..;■ .1 secret treaty that was negotiated
between Korea and Russia at the time
of the Queen's leath.
"Japan overreached herself. n*o re
sponsible statesman in Japan will un
dertake t" denj that \\h»-n the Queen
was murdered and burned, the palace
was held by Japanese guards, while the
Japanese minister in charge was a man
whose war experience had accustomed
him t" the hardest measures. At any
raie the King "f Korea, alarmed and
terrified, sought r-fuge in the Russian
eml>as!-> . ai IS while he was there
a secret t: - negotiated between
Korea and Russia, by which Russia
virtually agreed to assume a protertor-
Rte over the peninsula, in return for
v hich she was to have control of the
Korean purss and Mrord. it is in ac
cordance with ihis treaty tha' Russia
has taken up her present position in
Korea, it is In accordance with this
treaty that she requested the resigna
tion and withdrawal ol Mr. stcLeavy
Brown, who had charge Of the customs.
"You win understand, of course, that
Russia Is seeking a southern terminus
for h<T great transcontinental railway,
work on which is still h.-ing vigorously
pushed. She does not propose that thai
great line shall end in a snowbank.
The position which sh>- has taken up at
Klnchau, six miles in the rear <>f Port
Arthur, is nn Important one from a
strategic point of view, it is far more
important that Germany's position at
Kiaochau. The latter station is ren
dered of comparatively little value to
Oermany from the fact that she has
in. coaling station nearer the Asiatic
• oust than the Baltic.
"I fe.-l sure that it is only a Question
of time when China with her vast ter
ritory and her MO.MO, f people will
uo to pieces. In fact, Bhe Is already In
pieces. She has never been a homo
gi neons nation. Th-- people of the
various sections, north, south, east and
west, neither understand nor like one
;• nother.
■■china is at present a heterogeneous
agglomeration of provinces, without
any central government and without
any centralizing affinity. In time there
will be a new assortment of the mem
bets of this great body What the ap
portionment among the European na
tions will be I cannot undertake to
prophesy, but when the apportionment
is once made there Will be great com
mercial development In the Bast. There
will then be a feeling of security such
as <annot possibly be had under pres
ent conditions.
'The plain truth is the jd.> a that
China was a great national humbug
and one of the results of 'he Japan-
China war was the exposure of that
humbug to the world. For centuries
China, almost without the semblance
of a vital national life, had outer-awed
the Orient completely, and had even
cast her long, slanting shadow across
the council chambers of European
statesmen and diplomatists. Hut she
was merely a big balloon. Japan punc
tured the balloon and all the world lias
since been wondering that such a po
litical fetish was suffered to exist so
long.
"As to Japan. 1 rim inclined to think
that so.mer or later, possibly against
the best judgment of her best states
men, she will be force, l int., war in
order to preserve her national integ
rity and unity. She is iust n.»w in a
critical condition.
"For the third time the Emperor hns
been compelled to dissolve the Na
tional [Met. The tremendous war in
demnity which wits exacted o f china
was spent in various national improve
ments, such as the increase <,f the
navy, fortification of naval forts, rail
way and other internal works Hut
these measures are now In ti ]m becom
ing: sources of expense. They must be
kept up. and to keep tb.in Dp costfl
vast sums of money. With them on
her hands Japan is like the man In
the old soiik who had bought an ele
phant.
'Meanwhile. Japan has pone on a
pold basis. The young Japan, progres
sive even to a fault, perhaps I should
say aggresSlVe, is thirsting for war.
and Sooner or later T am inclined t"
think will pet it. Of course the elder
statesmen, like Ito and Okuma. know
better; but they wiil be simply over
whelmed by the pressure of general
opinion."
Tax to Redeem the Folsom Road Bonds.
SACKAMKNTO. Jan. 11. -Tiio r.oard
of Supervisors met this afternoon md
adopted a.i ordinance providing for e.n
annual tax to be used in paying the
principal and interest of the 575.000
bonds for the F, toon road. O!>ar'«>s T.
Hughes, secretary of the Folmou] Hlsh
way Commission, was present and
stated that everything would be in
| readiness to commence work on the
j[ road as soon as the bonds were sold.
FIGHT FOR
CREEDE'S COIN
GETS BITTER
Left His Wife Out
of His Will Al
together.
Peculiar Provisions of the
Document Offered lor
Probate.
Senator John P. Jones Named
as Executor of the
Estate.
HE DREW UP THE WILL
Claimed by Widow Creede That It
Offers » Premium on Little
Dorothy's Kuiri.
Special Dlspatrh to The Call.
I.OS ANGELES, Jan. 11.— The ques
ti"ti as to what disposition is to be
made of the fortune IT.l T . C. Creede, the
discoverer of the famous Colorado min
ing district of that name, is to be de
cide.i by Superior Judge Clarke of this
county. The trial of the case com
menced to-day, and it will consume
some time, as eminent legal counsel has
been engaged to show that the alleged
pi mil will which is tiled for probate is
a fraud.
Louise Creede, the widow of the dead
miner, is endeavoring to break the will.
By its terms she is excluded from all
participation in the many thousands
her husband left behind. She is 52
years of age. Her husband over
looked her in the alleged will, leav
ing one-half of an estate, valued at
about MOO.OOd, to little Dorothy Creede,
their adopted daughter, and the other
half to numerous relatives.
The alleged last will was drawn up by
Senator John P. Jones, who is named
its executor in the document, on Jan
uary 4. 1597. It is dated July 7. 1897.
and July VI of the same year Creede
died.
The singular and anomalous fact that
the will was drawn six months prior to
the time it was dated is by the attor
neys i if Widow Creede regarded as
strong evidence that it is fraudulent.
Under the will the adopted daughter,
little Dorothy, is (o have her fortune
held In trust by her guardian until she
is S< years of nge. When phe has lived
thai l'>ng she is to have the money in
her own risrht. provided she has lived
a virtuous life. The attorneys of Wid
ow Creede will also cite as extraordi
nary the provision In the will reciting
that if little Dorothy goes astray, her
share in the estnte is then to fall to
her guardian. This virtually, they will
allege, offers a premium to her guardi
an to see t" it that she does go astray.
The case will be hotly contested, and
s«^nie very sensational developments are
promised, as the numerous relatives
under the pencil will have syndicated,
and are going to fight the matter to the
end.
FIRST SEIZURE
OF A SEALSKIN
Ail English Woman Has Her
Sack Taken at Niag
ara Falls.
However, the Garment Is Restored to
Her by Order of the Treasury
Department
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Jan. —A Niagara
Falls special to the Herald says: The
tirst sealskin garment seized at the
poll of Suspension Bridge under the
new seal law was that of an elderly
Knglish woman. Miss Parks Smith,
who was traveling fror.. London, Onta
rio, to New York. She arrived last
evening about 8 o'clock in a sleeping
oar which was attached to the West
Shore train for New York at this
point. "When Miss Smith left London
there was a United States custom In
spector on the train. He noticed that
she had a sealskin sack.
When near the falls she heard for
the first time about the new seal
law. Some of the passengers advised
her to secrete the garment until she
had passed the frontier, afid. acting
upon the advice, she hid her sack
under a seat. When the car reached
the American side of the river the in
spector notified her that he would have
to take her sack. She told him he
would have to find it first. After
■evening the car unsuccessfully the
inspector ordered all the passengers
out. and another search resulted in the
finding of the sack. Inspector Ful
ston, who made the seizure, permitted
the woman to put on her sack and
iro with him to Collector of Customs
William Richmond.
The coll. ctor explained the law to
Miss Smith :m<l assigned Fulston to ac
company the woman to a hotel, where
Bhe delivered her sack over to him.
He called at the hot»l this morning
with the garment. Miss Smith put it
on and accompanied him to the collec
tor's office, where Richmond advised
her to write to the department in
Washington, explaining the case. H<
thought she might get her sack hack
within a fortnight. Miss Smith had
about resigned herself to a long waif,
when relief came in the form of ■
telegram from Assistant Secretary
Howell of the Treasury Department to
Richmond, which said: Admit seal
skin garments imported as personal ef
fects if they are shown to have been
used by owner prior to 20th ult."
Collector Richmond immediately re
turned Miss Smiths sack to her. and
apologized for the annoyances that had
!>.■• n caused her.
Staff of the Daily Palo Alto.
STANFORD UNIVBRBITY, Jan. 11.
Editor-in-Chief Letter M;is announced
the staff for the Dally Palo Alto, which
will make its fir~t appearance this *••
moster tO-Thorrow. It is as follows:
Managing editor, C. M. Bradley; asß<>
clate editors. R. E. Filcher. E. W.
Smith. B. V.. Pase. T. T. C. Gregory.
BriStow Adams. Marion Adams. Grace
C. (Jflman and C. P. Cullen (baseball).
The assistant editors are: G. H. Yost,
J. T. Nourse. F. L. Hall. G. E. Miller,
A. B. Lemmon and Ealle Veuve
AWARDS FOR
THE SEIZURE
OF SEALERS
Request to Be Made
for Their Prompt
Payment.
Congress Will Be Urged
to Satisfy Judgments
of the Commission.
Claims Scaled Down by Arbi
trators Seventy-five
Per Cent.
BIG SUMS WERE ASKED.
America Achieved a Diplomatic
Triumph Owing to the Skill or
Its Representatives.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office. Riggs House.
Washington, D. C., Jan. 11.
The State Department will transmit
t'« Congress the report of the commis
sion appointed to determine the
amount of the award dun to the Brit
ish Government under the decision for
the seizure of British sealing vessels
in Bering Sea. The report will be ac
companied by a letter from the Sec
retary of state requesting an appro
priation to pa- the Judgment, which
the honor of the Government is pledg
ed to promptly liquidate.
Examination of the report of the
commission will show that the criti
cisms which have been so recklessly
passed upon the results of the arbitra
tion of these claims are baseless, and
that on the other hand this Govern
ment has achieved a distinct diplo
matic triumph, due chiefly to the abil
ity and high technical skill of its rep
resentatives before the commission.
Messrs. Dickinson. Warren and Lan
sing. The department has guarded
with care The report of the commis
sion since it was received from Bos
ton several weeks ago. but Its leading
features were outlined with absolute
accuracy in the dispatches when the
i.-port of the arbitration board was
submitted. It will be seen at a glance
not only that Great Britain has been
obliged to content herself with a nom
inal sum as compared with claims
originally set up. but also the I'nited
States has reached a very substantial
advantage by submitting the question
at issue to a commission for adjust
ment rather than to have allowed the
compromise amount which Congress
was urged to accept In 1594. The
claims laid before the commission by
the British report amounted, with in
terest, to $1,417,134. while the total
award with interest, less credits due
the United States, is only $330,380. In
other words. Great Britain secures
only 25 per cent of the total amount of
her claim.
An examination of the awards in de
tail shows some striking figures. In
behalf of the ('ari'lena a claim of $."4.
066 was set up. which the commission
reduced to $22,362: for the Thornton,
$61,435 was claimed, but only $22. al
lowed, while the Onwards claim of $57.
623 was cut down to $15,715. The other
claims and awards were as follows:
Anna Beck, claim $80,221, award i 35
,-058: W. P. Say ward, claim $69,210.
award $20,262: Dolphin, claim $105, :;:::.
award $50,883: Grace, claim $97.70.".,
award 142.339; Adams, claim $:r..s.»i).
award $16,362: Ada. claim. 194,713,
award $33,782; Triumph, claim $9192,
award $2828: Juanita. claim 3*>l4!>i,
award $17,195: Pathfinder, claim $65.13-1,
award $20,641; Triumph 11. claim $65,132,
award $23,115: Hlack Diamond, claim
$66,654. award $22,701; Lily, claim. ss4, Sl4,
award 117.371; Ariel, claim '$31,719,
award $7406; Kate, claim $35,46.?.
award $4563: Minnie, claim $64,237.
award $12,657: Pathfinder (1890), claim
$5790, award $1170; Winnifred, claim
$9146. award $4344; Henrietta, claim
$29,328. award $12,021: Oscar and HaUie,
claim $15,581, award $2965.
In addition to these claims, the Brit
ish representatives demanded $29.,V.«S <>n
behalf of the Wanderer, which was re
fttsed b»\ th« commission. In addition,
the entire costs of the litigation over
the seizure of the \V. P. Sayward. of
which a test case was made in the
courts, amounting: to $88,2r>8, were pre-
Bented as a separate claim, but were
ruled out by the commission after b.-
ing stoutly contested by the American
representatives. The personal claims
presented amounted to $1^.668. but
these claims were cut down to 34'.».47."..
It is a highly significant feature of this
schedule that in no case has the com
mission allowed more than one-half of
the claims of <Jreat Britain, and this
fact is conclusive evidence of the
sweeping character of the victory
achieved by this government.
McKENNA'S NAME TO
BE SENT IN TO-MORROW.
Notwithstanding the Expression of Doubt
It Is Believed a Favorable Report
Will Be Made.
NBW YORK. Jan. 11.— A special
to the Post from Washington on Judgv>
McKenna's nomination says: There
has been a free expression of doubt
among members of the committee as
to whether Judge McKenna is "a big
enough man for the place," but this
doubt is not strong enough seriously
to imperil a favorable report. Beyond
much doubt the Judiciary Committee
will report his name to trie Senate on
Thursday.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 11.— The fact
that the Judiciary Committee did not
report McKenna's nomination to-day,
but postponed it until Thursday, is not
an indication that the committee is
adverse to the confirmation. Senator
Perkins, in conversation with The Call
correspondent to-night, expressed the
belief that it would be unanimously re
ported on Thursday and would be
acted upon Immediately.
Ste Claire Club Election at San Jose.
SAN JOSK. Jan. 11.— The Sainte Claire :
Club has elected the following officers
for the ensuing year: President. A. K.
Wbltton; vi( e-presldent, J. H. Henry; '•
dlrtcton, T. F. Morrison. G. H. Braj?p,
I \V. Findlay. S. X. Rucker and H. M. :
Benson. Election committee, H. B. Al- j
v..r.1. R. Lowe. Dr. William Simpson.
T. K. Beans, A. K. Whitton. H. W.
Wright I>r. R. B. Pierce, J. T. Rucker.
D. T. Bryant. C. E. Chapman. C. A.
Barker and R. Syer. The election was
held yesterday afternoon at the club \
house, and much Interest was aroused ;
jimong the members. - _ I
RUINED BY
HARD LUCK
Failure of the Old Anchor
Lane £>f Mississippi
Steamers.
Competition and a Series of
Disasters Cause the
Collapse.
Of the Finest Fleet of Floating Palaces
on the River Only Three Boats
Remain.
Ppooial Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOriS. Jan. 11.— The St Louis
and New Orleans Anchor line made an
assignment at noon to-day to Archi
ha!d Woods, conveying to him, for the
benefit of creditors, all of the steam
boats, barges, stork in store, elevator
landing's and other property of the
company of every kind. An assignment
of nil the property was decided on at
a meeting <>f \h>- board of directors
held yesterday, a resolution to that ef
fect having been passed and signed by
George S. Edge]], president; Gustave
( '. Meissonier. vice-president and gen
tral manager, and Theodore C. Weig
ler, sec-rotary.
An affidavit signed by Vice-Presi
dent Meissonier accompanied the as
signment, and he makes the statement
that the assets are worth $00,600. Xo
statement as to the amount of liabili
ties was made. There was an attack
made upon the credit of the line last
week, when the Tennessee Kiver Pack
et '<Vmpany filed an attachment suit
for $3800 and had the Sheriff levy on all
the property in the Anchor iine store
on the levee. This suit was brought on
a claim for rent for two of the Tennes
see River boats leased to the Anchor
line. The bill was settled and the
goods released by the Sheriff just be
fore the directors' meeting last night.
The Anchor Line was organized the
year after the war, and it was one of
the first combinations started in the
West. Prior to that time there were
short steamboat lines running between
St. Louis and Cairo. Cairo and Mem
phis, Memphis and Yicksburg. Vicks
burg and Natchez and Natchez and
New Orleans. These short lines were
all taken into the Anchor Line Com
pany. The small boats unsuitable for
the trade were condemned, laid up or
sold, and new boats were built. Two
lines were started, one between St.
Louis and Memphis and the other be
tween St. Louis and New Orleans. At
the various towns along the Mississippi
Kiver freight elevators were built, and
the controlling interest in these eleva
tors was h^ld by the Anchor Line or
people interested in i;.
Between 1866 and 1880 the AjichorLine
practically controlled the traffic on the
waterway between St. Louis and Mem
phis and New Orleans. About 1880 the
Mississippi Valley Transportation Com
pany of St. Louis was organized. This
line, with its powerful stern-wheel tow
boats and its barges, cut into the
Anchor Line"s business. The barges
and towboats could be operated cheap
er than the Anchor Line's floating pal
aces. Railroads were built on each side
of the Mississippi, and the passenger
travel went from the boats to the rail
roads.
Secretary Forbes Zeigler said to-day:
"The vast amount of liabilities has not
been determined, but there is no doubt
the assets will cover them fully. Hard
luck has pursued us for two years.
Disaster followed disaster, until we
were temporarily forced to the wall.
When the present Anchor Line Com
pany was organized there were seven
boats, the finest on the river, with an
average valuation of $50,000. There are
only three boats left now. The best of
our fleet have been lost or burned."
PLENTY OF EVIDENCE TO
CONVICT TOM LAWTON.
A Warrant Will Probably Be Sent to the
Walla Walla Officer Who Claims to
Know of His Whereabouts.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 11.— The indict
ment against Tom Law-ton, the alleged
partner of Troy Dye and Edward An
derson in the murder of old man Tullis
in 187$. has been found on file in the
County Clerks office. Attorney Charles
T. Jones, who prosecuted the cases
against Dye and Anderson, declares
that there is still pienty of evidence
to convict. District Attorney Ryan
said to-day that a warrant would prob
ably be sent to the Walla Walla officer
who claims to know where Lawton ia.
NEW TO-DAY.
1 !/n\vwsoßP^^^ of their health
Hrc' ?^vl^BGK^t^~ com^' ne(^ with
Mr* fjil^^y ' should serve as a
footsteps. No man can
stand the strain of modern business com-
petition who wilfully neglects his health.
It is not good policy to overwork, but the
man who looks after' his health can stand a
• gi«at deal of it. The man who neglects nil
health is soon unfitted for work. J When 1
man's digestion is disordered and his bow-
els are irregular, his blood becomes impur«
and the body is badly nourished. The vic-
tim of these conditions suffers from brain
fag, nervous prostration, and debility, and
eventually falls a victim to consumption.
Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery
corrects the digestion, invigorates the liver,
improves the appetite and regulates th«
bowels. It is the best blood-purifier, blood-
maker, flesh-builder, and nerve tonic. It
makes a man well, strong, clear-headed and
fit for business. It enables him to stand j
reasonable amount of overwork. All goo&
druggists sell it. There's nothing "just
as good."
Chas.Faulhaber, of Brownlee. Cherry Co., Neb.,
writes: "I have used Dr. Pierces medicines,
especially the 'Golden Medical Discovery" with
much benefit. Some time ago I was troubled
with great distress in my arms and hands. It
got so bad I could uot sleep at night. I thought
it was the muscles of my arms that caused the
trouble. I began taking the ' Golden Medical
' Discovery.' Soon I felt a decided improvement,
and before I had taken the second bottle tha
aching was all gone, and it has not ettirned. 1
have a copy of your ' Common Sense Medical Ad-
viser ' and would not do without it for any
money."
Knowing how to take care of health is half the
battle against illness. Dr. Pierces great boot,
"Common Sense Medical Adviser" is the educa-
tor of the age. This book reached a sale of
680,000 copies at Ji.soeich. Within its I.OOS pages
! is compressed the best th*t Dr. Pierce has gath-
ered by study and practice in thirty years. ■ It
is illustrated with over 300 drawings, some of
them colored. Its 90 pages addressed exclusively
to women are worth the original price of the
book. A new edition in paper covers, is now
■ ready for free distribution P,y sending 21 cents
in one-cent stamps, to pay for" mailing, you will
receive this great took. For cloth binding, send
»o cents extra, Address. World's Dispensary
Medical Association, Buffalo, N. Y.
34
CONSIDERED BY CONGRESS.
DEBATE ON
CIVIL SERVICE
TERMINATED
Speaker Reed Casts
the Deciding
Vote.
Arguments Against the
System Have No
Result.
For the Executive and Judicial
Appropriation Bill Is
Passed.
ONE POINT IS OVERLOOKED
During Ail the Talk No <S>nc Made a
Motion to Strike Out the Civil
Service Provision.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs Huse.
"Washington, Jan. 11.
The civil service debate, which was
inaugurated in the House a week ago,
ended to-day. It opened with a row,
but ended very- tamely. The Republi
cans who are seeking to modify or re
peal the law decided to let the debate
come to a close to-day, but It required
the casting vote of the Speaker to ac- j
complish this. There are conflicting
statements as to the situation in which
the future conduct of the war against j
civil service law is left. All the Repub- !
lican opponents of the law agreed that I
the fight is to be kept up, and it is j
positively stated by Pearson (R.) of |
North Carolina that assurances have '
been received from those in authority
In the House that an opportunity will ]
be given In the future for the consider- i
ation of a bill to modify the law. But
from other sources the statement can
not be confirmed. The debate was
quite dull until the closing hour, when
Simpson, the Kansas Populist, enliven- .\
ed it with some reference to the Ohio j
Senatorial election. Bailey, the Demo- j
cratic leader, made a clear statement
of the minority position, which indi
cated that the minority will vote to re- j
peal but not to m«dify the law. The ;
principal speech of the day was made I
by Brosius, chairman. of the Civil Serv- !
Ice Committee, who defended the law I
in a two hours' speech.
Moody (R.) of Kansas, In charge of I
the executive and judicial appropria- ;
tion bill, in accordance with notice
given by him yesterday, moved in the
House, immediately after the reading
of the journal, that all debate on the
civil service bill be closed to-day at 5
o'clock. Considerable opposition was
manifested to the motion, but the
steering committee of the Republican
opponents of the civil service law had
agreed on this programme.
The antagonism to-day to the mo
tion to close the debate came, therefore,
principally from the Democrats. They
were well supported by the Populists
and a few Republicans who believed
the debate should go on. After some
wrangling the previous question was
ordered, on the demand of Mr. Moody
but the rising vote on the motion to
close the debate was very close — ayes
92, noes 85. and on the demand of the
Democrats the roll was called.
"When the roll-call was concluded the
motion to close debate stood defeated
by six votes. A recapitulation of the
vote was called for, and It was whis
pered about that assurance had been
received from the Rules Committee
that time would be given for the con
sideration of the measure prepared by
the Republican opponents of the law.
Three Republicans then changed their
votes, making it a tie. The Speaker
announced the vote as 125 to 125.
"A tie," added the Speaker, "and the
chair votes aye." Thus the Speaker
saved the day. and the motion to close
debate was carried. The Republicans
applauded most vociferously. The de
bate was then resumed.
Brosius. the chairman of the Com
mittee on Civil Service, opened with
an elaborate defense of the merit sys
tem and an argument for sustaining the
law.
Pearson <X.) of North Carolina ask«d
how the statement that the civil ser
vice law was economical could be re
conciled with the fact that the em-,
ployes of the Government had almost
doubled since 1893.
Erosius denied that this was true
The advocates of the spoils system, he
said, had repeated the statement untii
they believed it. Brosius said the pow
ers of the Civil Service Commission
were very limited. They could do lit
tle except at the direction of the Pres
ident, and when members hurled their
Javelins at the commission they went
over their heads and buried them
selves in the flanks of the chief exec
utive. Speaking of Orosvenor's attack
on Carl Bcharz, Brosius said the latter
probably threw it aside alter he had
read it, with Carlisle's remark: "An
other foul chimney caught fire."
Brosius spoke fur over two hours
Maguire (D.) of California defended
the last administration against the al
legations of wholesale removals and
commended the efficiency of the serv
ice, especially in the public printing
office, which had been an especial
point of assault from the outside. Ex-
Public Printer Benedict, he said, had
reduced the force in his office from
3600 to 2SOO, and had inaugurated con
spicuous reforms, lie charged Landis
of Indiana, who amused the House sev
eral days ago with some private mem
oranda of Benedict's secretary, with
Juggling and distorting the record.
He read a letter from Benedict's sec
retary, who is now in the daastfled
service, challenging Rome of Landis'
statements and offering to resign if the
Indiana member could substantiate
them.
After pnme remarks by Bell (P.) of
Colorado ami Eddy (R.) of Minnesota
Simpson fP.) of Kansas enlivened the
closing hour nf the debate with a ref
erence to the Senatorial contest in
Ohio. He said the debate had been
prolonged while Th<- Rf-publirans out in
Ohio were making jfromises to the
boys in the treqehea in the Interest of
Senator Hannn. It was ail a bluff, he
paid.
Nothing was to he done, and now that
Senator Hanna'B election was secured,
the mask was thrown off and a vote
was to be taken to-night on this bill.
"Whether the House would have an op
portunity later to consider a bill for
the modification or repeal of the law
I vould depend on the Speaker, said
: Simpson.
"He is the whole thing." exclaimed
! Simpson. "and runs the House."
i (Laughter.)
"Have you consulted the Speaker?"
I asked Quipg.
•N*<>." replied Simpson; "he never
consults me, and I never consult him."
Allen (D.) of Mississippi entertained
• the House with one of his short humor
uus speeches.
Hailey (D.) of Texas, leader of the
i minority, closed the debate with some
remarks defining the attitude of the
Democrats. It was difficult, he said, to
[ believe in the sincerity of the other
', sid<>. when in on** breath the Repub
! llcans avowed their adherence to the
law, and in the next demanded its prac
tical destruction. If the law was good,
he said, it ought to be extended: if not,
it should be repealed. The Democrats,
he said, were ready to wipe it off the
statute books. They dii not believe in
life tenure, and. while the repeal of the
law might turn some of their friends
out of office, they stood by their party
platform.
With the conclusion of Bailey's re
marks, the time expired, and the bill
was reported to the Housp. It was
then discovered that those who desired
to vote to strike out the appropriation
for the' Civil Service Commission had
neglected to make the motion in com
mittee of the who! p. No vote, there
fore, could be taken, and the bill was
passed without division.
The agricultural and urgency defi
ciency bills were reported to th* House,
and at 5:20 p. m. the House adjourned.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
Secretary of the Interior Submits to Con.
gress the Draft of a Bill for the
Relief of Mission Indians.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11— The So. r p
tary of the Interior to-day submitted
to < '. .ngress the draft of a bill amend
ing the act for the relief of the Mission
Indians in California. The bill author
izes the Secretary of the Interior to
cause to be patented to Mission In
dians such tracts of public lands of the
United States in California as he shall
find upon investigation to have been
in occupation and possession of the
several bands or villages of said In
dians as are now needed and required
by them and not selected by the com
mission appointed under the former
act, January 12, IS9I. It further pro
vides that no patent shall embrace any
tracts to which valid rights have at
tached in favor of any person under
any United States laws providing for
the disposition of the public domain.
The agricultural appropriation bill
was reported to the House to-day and
will be taken up for consideration to
morrow. < >n-» of its principal features
was one Incorporated at the sugges
tion of Congressman Loud, providing
for three weather stations in Califor
nia, Nevada and Utah, and for a per
manent station on Mount Tamalpais,
as exclusively printed in Saturday's
Call.
Pacific Coast patents were granted
to-day as follows: California — Allen H.
Blackburn. Petaluma, fruit dryer; John
R. ' 'oryell, San Francisco, anti-friction
bearing: George W. Durbiow, Balton,
hydraulic v.H!-boring machine; Ralph
W. Elliott. Brentwood. apparatus for
raising liquids; Lev! M. Hawes, Sacra
mento, automatic, gate; Bruno Hein
rich and C. Wood, San Francisco, mar
ine recording compass; John F. Killian.
Stockton, vehicle Jack; August \V.
Krause. Lob Angeles, self-measuring
tank; Newton Lamb, Yreka, self-clear
ing screen for ditches; Nellie R. Stone,
Urynmawr. pocket folding head rest.
< Iregon — Feike H. Ackrrman, Shedds,
grain feeder and band cutter for
threshing machine; Thomas M. Walk
er. Portland, peanut heater; Fred P.
Hurst, Aurora, bicycle attachment;
Olof R. Piple, Portland, pencil holder.
Washington — Francis O. Collins, Van
couver, wrench; Andrew A. Smith,
Aberdeen, assignor of one-half to W.
W. Barnum, change making device.
Pensions have been granted as fol
lows: California— Original widows,
etc. — Emma Wadsworth. San Fran
cisco. $H.
Washington — Original widows, etc. —
Nancy J. fcfaxey, El'.ensburg, $8; Lucy
H. Collins, Seattle, $8. Reissue — Char
lotte Cruver. mother, Tacoma, $12.
Senator White to-day Introduced the
following bills: To pension J. B. Den
nis, George W. Fraser. Charles Leath
ern, and James C. Wulchill of Los
Angeles.
Representative Barlow to-day pre
j sented a petition of the citizens of the
Sixth California Congressional District,
! protesting against the passage of the
anti-scalping bill. The petition has
700 signatures attached to it.
Mason C. Grafton was to-day ap
pointed postmaster at Blacks Station,
Yolo County, Cal., vice William B.
Black, removed. The postofflce at
Egan, Tuba County, will be discon
tinued after January 15. Malls should
be sent to Dobbins.
The Treasury Department has re
: quested Director of the Mint Leach to
i come to Washington, and he is ex
; pected to arrive h^re in a few days.
SWINDLER WANTED
IN SEVERAL TOWNS
Monterey's Sheriff Hunting for j
a Man With Many
Aliases.
Has Passed Forged Checks at Salinas |
San Luis Obispo and Santa
Barbara.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, Jan. 11.— Sheriff Matthews
of this county is trying to locate a
man with several aliases who 13 want
ed here as well as in several other
counties for forgery. Frank Clark,
Frank Hubbard or James Stewart seem
to be the namea most preferred by the
swindler. He is a young man, and rep
resents himself as a blacksmith help
er. His mode of procedure is to go to
some merchant, usually a clothier, and
purchase about $3 worth of goods, gen
erally shirts, tender his check drawn
en some resident of the town, collect
the balance and decamp. He worked
the same game in San Luis Obispo and
Santa Barbara. In this city the man
purchased underwear, giving a check
on one of the local banks for $12 as
payment. The check was signed by a
well-to-do business man and seemed
all right, but upon presentation at the
bank it was pronounced a forgery. The
Sheriff was notified and a warrant
sworn out for the forger, but he had
; left. Notices had in the meanwhile
been received from other southern cit
ies about the same time.
Burglar Vasquei Admits His Guilt.
SAN LUIS ORISPO, Jan. 11— Marcus
Vasquez. captured in Bakersfleld and
wanted here on a charge of burglary,
admitted his guilt in court to-day. Vas
quez stole considerable harness from
the barn of Hon. P. "W. Murphy at
Santa Margarita.
TIIE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 12, 1898.
TO RESTRICT
UNDESIRABLE
IMMIGRATION
Fairbanks Argues for
the Bill in the
Senate.
Educational Qualification
Declared a Proper
Safeguard.
The Evils of Admitting Paupers
From Abroad Shown by
Statistics.
VENEZUELA BOUNDARY.
Resolution for Information Regarding
•he Amount Spent by lh«
Commission.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office. Riggs House.
"Washington. Jan. 11.
The Senate to-day briefly discussed
an adverse report by the Pensions
Committee on a bill to pension General
Meade's two daughters at {100 a month
each. Chairman Aliinger Baying the
committee did not wish to enter on the
pensioning of the daughters of veter
ans. Allen of Nebraska thought that
General Meade's services justified such
liberality, but no action was taken, and
after Wolcott of Colorado announced
a speech on the money question for
next Monday, Senator Fairbanks ad
dressed the Senate on immigration.
Fairbanks began by referring to the
importance of guarding and preserving
the high standard of the country s pop
ulation and citizenship. The pending
bill, he said, by imposing a moderate,
reasonable educational test upon all
immigrants over lt> years of age,
throws an additional safeguard around
our population and citizenship.
"Prior to 1i575," he continued, "there
were no restrictive laws, except those
prohibiting coolie trade. In that year
more drastic measures were enacted to
suppress this reprehensible traffic, and
convicts and women imported for im
moral purposes were excluded. Subse
quently, further restrictive acts were
passed, aiming to reduce the flow of
the morally and physically diseased.
The presence of the;<e restrictive acts
upon the statute books has been bene
ficial, though the number who present
ed themselves at our ports and were
excluded in comparatively small. But
doubtless many were deterred from
starting by a knowledge of the laws in
force.
"Beginning with the la^t decade a
change occurred in both the national
ity and quality of our immigration.
Those immigrants who were chiefly of
the Slavonic countries began to come
in great and increasing numbers.
Among them were many very desir
able acquisitions; many from the bet
ter portions of Italy, Austria-Hungary
and other Eastern and Southern coun
tries were educated, enterprising and
brave, but the larger portion were ill
fitted to become a part of our popula
tion or to assume the privileges and re-
Bponstbllltlefl of American citizens.
They possessed ■ low order of intelli
gence and a degradt-d standard of life,
and had no adequate conception of the
marvelous significance of our institu
tions.
'A rise in the ratio of immigration
from Eastern and Southern countries
from 8.5 to 51.7 per cent in seventeen
years and a fall in the ratio from the
"\Wsti-rn and Northern countries from
64.5 to 36.7 per cent in th>- same period
may well lead us to pause and inquire
whether the change is in the national
interest.
"The decrease in immigration has
br*- n from countries which have hith
erto sent us but a small per cent of il
literates, and the increase is from
countries where the ignorance is
greatest. Thirty-nine and nine-tenths
per cent of those above 14 years of age
coming from Austria-Hungary, Italy,
Poland and Russia last year could nei
ther read nor write, while only 3.6 per
cent of those from the TTnit^d King
dom, France. Germany and Scandina
via were illiterate. When we witness
this increased illiterate accession to
our population we may w<->n recall the
warning of George William Curtis:
'Let us beware how we wuter our life
blood.' "
In conclusion Fairhnnks quoted at
Ipngth statistics tending to show the
excessive contribution of the country's
foreign population to the number of in
mates of almshouses, penitentiaries, in
sane asylums and reformatory institu
tions. He insisted that the educational
test, as applied to immigrants, would
have a very direct effect in reducing
the number of contributions to the fore
going unfortunate objectionable classes.
The gravitation of undesirable emi
grants into the large cities and their
reinforcements of the slum districts,
was another of the evils to be in a
measure overcome. In this connection
the speaker declared that a patriotic
regard for those to whose interests we
owe first allegiance requires us to see
that the persona who present them-
H'lvts for competition in the industrial
field shall not be the degraded pauper
laborers from abroad. A low wage
scale, he added, is not consistent with
the most wholesome development of the
country and its people.
Allen introduced and secured the
adoption of a resolution calling upon
the President for information in his
possession relative to the boundary line
between Venezuela and British Guiana,
and to inform the Senate whether the
T'nited States now has any clerks or
other employes at work on the Vene
zuelan boundary question, and also
what part of the $100,000 appropriated
for the Venezuelan Commission has
been expended.
At 3:35 p. m. the Senate adjourned.
Racing at New Orleans.
NftW oitI.KANS, Jan. 11.-Weather
clear; track good. Results:
S'-Ulng. Fix and one-half furlongs— W
< ' T won, Everest second, Alice C third
Time, 1:23.
One mllo— Forbush won. Robert Bonner
second, Jack Hayes third. Timo. 1:44U
Sflling, one mile and om--half-Pete
Kitchen won. Nannie L's Sistt-r second
Courtesy third. Time, 2MI' 2 .
Handicap. Fix furlongp— l'.t!!e of Mem
won, Sauterne si-cond, Rebecca B third
Time. l:i:>V
One mile— Bea Robber won, Eltholin
second. George B. Cox third. Time, 1:44.
Selling, six and one-half furlongs— Oral
won. Sauterne second. Rebecca B third.
Time, 1:23.
SECURITIES ARE
NOT YET SOLD
Unsecured Creditors of
the Union Pacific
Heard.
Foreclosure Under a Collateral
Trust Deed Is De
layed.
Efforts Made to Prevent Morgan From
Having an Alleged Unfair
Advantage.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11.— The interven
tion of unsecured creditors of the in
solvent Union Pacific Railroad at the
la.st moment prevented the sale of $16,
000.000 of securities, which was set for
to-day. The sale has been postponed
to January 26, but there Is a possibil
ity that it will not take place even
then. The securities, which are part of
147.900,606 involved in the suit brought
by J. P. Morgan &. Co. and others to
foreclose under a collateral trust deed
issued by the Union Pacific in IS9I.
were to be sold under Judge Lacombe'3
authorization to redeem $3,187,0u0 out
standing collateral notes. Some time
ago Judge Lacombe in the United
States Circuit Court signed a decree
giving to the Union Pacific Company
five days to redeem the notes in ques
tion. This was not done, and then the
trustees, of which J. P. Morgan is the
most active and the special master,
were directed to dispose of the securi
ties at auction or by private sale.
The unsecured creditors becoming
satisfied that if the sale was permitted
tht y would l.c th>- b>f ts decided to
bring a motion to show cause why the
Of securities should not be stopped.
Argument of this application took
place this afternoon, mid at its close
Judge Lacombe announced that he
would probably render a decision on
Saturday afternoon. It is believed this
will amend the bill of sale in several
important particulars.
George H. Yeamans and Roger Fos
ter, who appeared for the motion, said
that the sale, if allowed to proceed,
would give Morgan an unfair advan
tage, as one of the trustees who made
a compact with the note holders could
buy in the securities at a price below
their value, cut off bidders and at the
same time receive a bonus and interest
to the injury of general debtors.
It was further pleaded that the un
secured creditors be allowed to inter
vene and attack the decree. It was
charged that if the securities were dis
posed of at a receivers' sale they
would fetch more than if the trustees
and the special master were permitted
to dispose of them. The r»-<' ( -ivers, rep
resented by Frederick R. Coudert, who
was in court, presented a long state
ment, In which they said they were en
deavorlng to dispose of the assets of
th" Union Pacific Railroad, which were
DOt w.rrth more than $10,000,600, and if
disposed of at auction would bring sev
eral million ]>■-
Victor Momwitz opposed the motion.
He declared th:it the Union Pacific coal
lands which were carried as worth $5,
000,000 were real.y worth but little, be
ing heavily mortgaged. He argued that
the general creditors yore not entitled
to any lien, arid said they should not
be entitled to intervene. All the cred
itors were fully protected, he said.
Judge Lacombe intimated there
should be some public notice of the or
der on which "h^ securities are to b»»
sold, and that all bidders should have
an equal chance.
THE NEW DIVORCE
LAW SUSTAINED
Sonoma County's Clerk Upheld
by a Ruling of Judge
Dougherty.
Michael and Susie Must Wait Until
March 19 Unless They Take
*« Tug.
Sperla! Dlspatrh t. The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 11.— Judge
Dougherty decided to-day that County
Clerk Fulton acted In accordance with
law when a few days ago he refused
to Issue a license for the marriage of
Mlrhael MeDonough of Geyserville and
Mrs, Susie Baker of Healdsburg.
It was not on account of the youth
of the couple that the Clerk refused
them the legal permit, for MeDonough
ia 70 years old and Mrs. Baker is 53.
Clerk Fulton refused the license be
cause Mrs. Baker confessed to having
been divorced within the twelve months
prescribed by section 61 of the political
code as amended as the period which
must elapse bt-ft re remarriage after di
vorce.
The Judge in hla decision upheld the
divorce law. He said that just as in
California a white person was forbid
den to marry a negro, a mulatto or a
Mongolian, he thought the people had
a right to demand that persons who
had faik-d In one alliance should wait
for a suitable time before undertaking
another.
Mrs. Baker, when she applied for the
writ of mandate to compel the Clerk
to issue the license to her, contended
that section 61 did not apply to her, as
she was dlvorce<l before the law went
into effect.
Judge Douph^rty overruled this con
tention, holding that it was the duty
of the Clerk to ascertain of the party
whether he had been married or di
vorced within a year, and upon ascer
taining that he had should decline to
Issue the license. The Judge held that
he is not entitled to the license grant
ing immediate permission and consent
to marry until his disability la re
moved and he should not be granted a
license to carry out what the law pro
hibited.
It is thought that the old couple will
consent to remain single until after the
19th of Man h. when the long year af
ter Mrs. Baker obtained hor divorce
will have elapsed, rather than take a
tug and go out to sea beyond the reach
of the technicalities of the law. Both
are comfortabry situated.
SECRETARY OF STATE BROWM
IS NOW OUT OF DANGER.
SAf'RAMKNTO, Jan. 11.— Report*
from the bedside of Secretary of State
Brown show a decided Improvement in
his condition. He felt more cheerful
and encouraged to-day than at any
time during his illness, and but little
doubt Is now left of hla speedy recov
ery. Dr. Dean spent the afternoon and
last night with the patient, but left for
his home this afternoon after having
Riven Mrs. Brown the assurance that
her husband waa out of danger.
CRIFFO GIVEN
THE DECISION
One-Sided and Gory Ten-
Round Contest at
Vallejo.
McConnell Refuses to Fight and
Billy Lewis Takes His
Place.
The Australian Makes a Chopping
Block of Lewis, but Fails to
Put Him Out.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO, Jan. 11.— It was 10 o'clock
when the steamer Sunol arrived at Val
lejo this evening with about 200 pas
sengers. The sports repaired immedi
ately to Farragut Hall, and Young
Mitchell soon had the ball rolling.
Danny Mahoney and Charles Reno
boxed four rounds to an assemblage of
about 600 people. The weather was
cold, and doubtless many people re
mained away because of the rain and
the "throw down" Gallagher and Xeed
ham gave them in their fake fight of a
few weeks ago.
The master of ceremonies announced
to the small house that Frank McCon
nell, who was matched to fight Griffo
fifteen rounds, had refused to go on
and that "Kid" Parker of Los Angeles
was willing to meet Griffo in a contest
of six rounds. The sports objected to
this and after considerable discussion
rind much noise Fred Muller and Billy
Lewis, who fought Billy Gallagher
twenty rounds, volunteered to meet
Griffo and Lewis was accepted, as the
sports of Yallejo wanted to see Lewis
and Griffo at it.
Lewis broke his right arm some
months ago in a fight with Patsy Bren
nan. Tom Sharkey's trainer. Lewis'
fighting weight is 150 pounds. Griffo
entered the ring weighing 136 pounds.
Griffo said before he put on the gloves
that he did not intend to "fight for
keeps," as the house was too small.
Griffo had as his seconds James Mur
phy, James Conway and D. Holloran.
Lewis was esquired by Yank Savage,
Billy Gifford and Jack Stelzner. The
master of ceremonies announced that
the contest would b<* fifteen rounds.
When Lewis stripped he looked to be
at least 160 pounds, but he carried lots
Of superfluous flesh. He said that he
would make Griffo fight for once in his
life. Tom Sharkey was selected as ref
eree, and when he made his appearance
in the ring he was loudly cheered.
Griffo looked well and was perfectly
sober.
Lewia objected t<> fighting fifteen
rounds, and wanted tt-n rounds. He
also said that he wanted the contest to
be called a draw at the end of ten
nninds, but when Griffo refused to
agree to this Lewis said: "Let the
fight go on, and may the best man
win. Time was called at 11:30 o'clock.
First round— Grlffb stepp.-d nimbly
from his «■::;. ir and met Lewis in the
center <>f the ring. Lewis swung his
right awkwardly at Griffo and the blow
landed <>n Griffo's shoulder. Lewis missed
and clint hed and was biased for hitting
in a clinch. Griff., landed his left flush
on the nose. Lewis was angry and
swung wildly at Griffo. who ducked the
blow, l.ut Lewis then wr.-stled with
Griffo am! put the Australian on his
back, Griffo got up find wanted to go to
his corner, when Lewis again went at
him. Griffo turned quickly and smasned
Lewis on the nose. This was followed
by a clinch and the gong sounded.
Second round- After Griffo planted his
left again on the imse he slipped and f.-Il
on his back, but was up ana at it again.
The Australian put his left time and
again on Lewis' nose and the Vallejo pet
in his mndiK'ss Dung himself bodily at
Griffo and some rough lighting resulted,
Griffo having the best of it.
Third round— Griffo put in a hot lift
on the body and another un the eye.
A^ain Griff.> landed on the nose Lewis
clinched and Griffo put him on his back.
Griffo followed up and smashed Lewis
again and again with his left on the face.
Some roujrh fighting followed, an-i Tom
Bharkey came in for a hot rtgh.. -r-Itik
on the jaw when trying to separate the
lighters.
Fourth round— Griffo opened with left
and riKht. but Lewis caught him under
r with a swinging blow, which only
angered the Australian. Lewis missed a
swine and caught two hot lefts on the
mouth. Then he attempted to wrestle
Griffo down, but Bharkey was there and
broke the men away. One. two, three
lefts on Lewis' nose and the gong
sounded.
Fifth round — Oriffo hammered his op
ponent as he pleased, but Ills blows did
not seem to annoy Lewis, who took them
and asked for more. Lewis did not hurt
Griffo, except in the clinches, when he
084 '! the Australian roughly.
Sixth round— Griffo had all the best of
this round on points. Lewis gave Griffo
one hard jab on the ear, but nearly all
his blows went wide of their mark.
Beventh round— This was an exciting
one. Griffo smashed Lewis until the lat
ter's face was painted a. bright red. At
the end of the round Lewis fell, with
Gr'.ffo under, but the Australian was not
hurt.
Kighth round— Griffo had it all his own
way. Lewis was swinging right and left
and Griffo was kept busy ducking the
swings. I^wis was the receiver from
first to Inst.
Ninth round— Lowis caupht som° ter
rible smashes and almost K°t stepped by
a heavy loft on the jaw. When the gong
sounded Lewis was very tired.
Tenth round— This was the last. It was
hot. Griffo smashed Lewis as before and
the latter clinched frequently. Lewis whs
knocked down and Tom Sharkey caught
a Lewis punch in the stomach. Lewis'
face was all blond when the gong sound
ed the finish. Griffo got the decision.
Accepts a Call to Santa Barbara.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal.. Jan. 11.—
Rev. It. A. Martin, formerly pastor of
the Christian Church in this city, has
accepted a call to the pastorate of the
Christian church at Santa Barbara.
Mi. Martin has had many tribulations
in this city. There are two factions in
his church, one of which recently dis
charped him and tried to evict him
from his home. It is said that his de
parture will in no wise heal the broach.
NEW TO-DAY.
WEAKNESS s^^^
and digestive disorders yield quickly WT* C^*^^^fr /
*o delicious, delicate beef tea made j il "^Jy«^_. Jvi
from the genuine Liebic COMPANY'S LJ. rr \\jc£^ Ps
Extract. (Look s~i S^lx * t^L
out for the blue X^>— * j? •> 'MPmJP^ZPittt*?^'
signatureonthe MUl^^i^
tapper): M^Ml )T V
Cook Book girlng recipes for many palatable JjM^t~^^L__~^ "\ ' I
dishes sent free to housekeepers. Address /Mi CTjJ^ 7 *— J 1/
Uebic Co., P. O. Box 2718, New York. J-ffCv*- csrr--fL 0 "' -, "*yV
"* — tmm \?^/'^'jd l^~~'
ra UEBIG CDMPANP:^^^^^
IB EXTRACT" BEEF^N^^P^^f
RICHARD M. RYAN, GILROY'S NEW POSTMASTER.
GILROY, Jan. 11.— The announce
ment from Washington of the appoint
ment of Richard M. Ryan as Postmas
ter of this town gives general satisfac
tion. Mr. Ryan, who was selected from
a bunch of four applicants, is a young
man of exemplary character, sterling
qualities and a leader among his asso
ciates. He graduated from the Gilroy
High School as president of the class
CLAIMS HE CAN
PROVE AN ALIBI
Harry Winters on Trial
at Redwood City for
Murder.
Charged With Killing Andrews
at the Grand Hotel, South
San Francisco.
C. H. Raymond, Alias Moore, a Sup
posed Accomplice, Demands a
Separate Trial.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, Jan. 11.— Harry
Winters, who with C. H. Raymond at
tempted to rob the Grand Hotel at
South San Francisco during the early
part of November last and who i.?
charged with the murder of Charles A.
Andrews, is now on trial for the killing
of Andrews. The selection of a jury
commenced this morning in the Su
perior Court at this place.
Winters has employed P. B. Nagle
Jr. to conduct his defense, and from the
line of questions asked to-day of the
jurymen it is evident that he will rely
upon proving an alibi. He has been
positively identified by a number of
persons as being the man seen around
the hotel on the day of the murder,
and was also identified as one of the
men In the hotel on the night in ques
tion.
Out of about forty veniremen only
five were chosen to sit on the jury. The
regular panel, of whom there were only
nineteen, was exhausted about 2 o'clock
this afternoon, and a special venire of
twenty had to be subpenaed. At this
rate it will take all day to-morrow at
least to get a jury, and probably longer,
and it is doubtful whether the case
will be concluded this week.
Attorney Nagle asked the permission
of the court to withdraw the plea of
not guilty for the purpose of moving
to set aside the information, but the
court held that there was no merit in
the proceeding and refused to allow it
to be done.
An affidavit of defendant was then
read, in which he sought to procure
a continuance of one month. The
! ground for the same was that certain
i witnesses for the defendant were peo
; pie without money whose attendance
! could not be procured for the reason
that they could not stand the expense
of coming here. If a month's con
tinuance were granted the defendant
thought he would be able to raise suf
j ficient funds to get them. A further
• ground was that there were certain
! necessary witnesses whose residence
was not at the present time known to
j defendant. These latter were material
witnesses who would prove a complete
! alibi.
The court denied the motion, remark
of '90 and is 28 years of age. Since that
time he has acted as Deputy Postmas
ter under both administrations, with
the exception of a few months when he
was engaged in reportorial work in San.
Francisco. During the last campaign,
he acted as secretary of the Gilroy Re
publican Club, and worked indefatiga
bly for the interests of the party. He
is eminently qualified for the position.
ing that if money were need to secure
the attendance of any witnesses he
would see that it was forthcoming. Th?
selection of the jury was then taken up
and continued until adjournment this
afternoon, with the result above men
tioned.
C. H. Raymond, alias Moore, who is
charged jointly with Winters, was in
court with his attorney, Charles N.
Kirkbride. As they have demanded
separate trials the case of Raymond
was passed until to-morrow morning.
The same steps will probably be taken
each day until the conclusion of the
trial of Winters.
C. A. Andrews was shot down in the
Grand Hotel as he was coming from
his bedroom with a light in answer to
the calls of Patrick Ferriter, who had
grappled with the robber in the dark.
Raymond was arrested the morning fol
lowing the crime on the road to San
Francisco. Winters was caught in
San Francisco a number of days later.
A third man who is supposed to be im
plicated in the affair is still at large.
For his capture a reward of $250 has
been offered by the County Supervi
sors.
A well-known scientist, who has been
studying the skins of negroes and
whites, declares that by the proper ap
plication o-f electricity a black man can
soon be turned white.
NEW TO-DAY.
HE SENDS IT FREE.
A Never Failing Remedy That
Makes a Man Young Again.
TRUE MANLINESS QUICKLY REPLACES THE
WORN OUT NERVES AND VIGOR.
When a man's strength and vigor is
slowly wasting away from nervous
weakness, the mental forebodings are
ten times worse than the most severe
pain. There is no let up to the mental
suffering day or night. For years the
writer rolled and tossed on the troubled
sea of Nervous Debility, Emissions,
Lame Back and the various other
troubles of Sexual Weakness, until it
was a question whether he had not
better take a dose of poison and thus
end all his troubles.* But providential
inspiration came to his aid in the shape
of a combination of medicines that
completely restored his general health
and enlarged his weak, emaciated
parts to natural size and vigor, and
he now declares that any man, young
or old, who will take the trouble to
send his name and address may have
Free full particulars of this wonderful
home treatment which quickly restored
me to my full strength and vigor of
youth. Now. when I say free, I mean
absolutely without cost, because I want
every weakened man to get the benefit
of my experience.
There are thousands of men suffering
the mental tortures of weakened man-
hood who would be cured at once could
they but get such a remedy as the one
that cured me. Send for it, and learn
that there are a few things on earth,
although they cost nothing to get, are
worth a fortune to some men, and
mean a lifetime of happiness to most
of us. Write to Thomas Slater, 178
Masonic Temple, Kalamazoo, Mich.,
and the information will be mailed in a
plain, sealed envelope.
The Weekly Call.
©/ It Publish*** the Cream of the
News or the Week and
©< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
<J ORIGINAL FEATURES.
©< IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
d PAPER ON THft
*J PACIFIC COAST
3 The Best \ / Mining
; 3 Telegraphic \y News That
c* Service on / /\ Is Accurate
c* The Coast / \& up to data
o} / V
cri Not a Line of it Sensational
o< or Faky, and Not a Line of
jj it Dry or Uninteresting.
©< Bright, Clean, A Champ oj of
1 Thoughtful. 'I ruth.
o) A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
,J ALL THE TIME.
0) IT ADVOCATES T~SENT BY
1) HOM MAIL, $1.50
9{ INDUSTRIES [ 4 YUK.MR. WEBB
TURNS ON
HIS ENEMIES
One More School Sen
sation at Los An
geles.
The Actions of Banker
Braly to Be Investi
gated.
Hard Blow at the League for
Better City Govern
ment.
TREAT ALL MEN ALIKE.
So the Man Who Has Been Under Fire
Will Have His Revenge
at Last.
Bpect*] Dispatch to The Call.
T.r>p ANGELES, Jan. 11.— By one bold
stroke, Walter L.. Webb to-night shat
and broke away the mask of hy
pocrisy from the faces of the two men
in the Hoard of Education who have
been most actively interested in his
prosecution. He compelled J. H. Braly
to admit that he had committed a fel
onious act while acting as a school dl
■ ■ • r, and put Charles Cassat Davis,
the chairman of the board, ami the rep
tative of the League for 1
City Government, on record as a man
untit to sit as chairman of the board
whilo any matter of corruption was un
der investigation.
Not only this, but he completely
turned the tables on his accusers and
itors He took the aggressive,
captured the enemy's guns and has
them now aimed point blank at their'
owners. It was one of the most
-ions of the present In
gation, aiid the climax came just
members were about to adjourn.
Without any preliminary words Webb
■:ii>sioii t<> introduce a reso
in his hand. This being
ted he read the document, which
Braly, on the strength of
ivits and articles pub
■ all. with having violated
: the State in cashing school
rants, and which further
i ••. Li i ; : aly be put on his trial
rd us soon as the present
investigation is clo»
It came iis an utter surprise to Mr.
Braly and his friends, and their con
• iti •!! was evident. Chairman
Davis lost his nerve only momentarily.
When he recovered he said the resolu
tions were not in proper shape and
that he would not vote for them. The
charges against Webb, he declared,
signed, and he thought these
Webb denied that any charges were
brought a-ainst him. He said the in
vestigation <>f the charges against him
rtaken on the adoption of a
■ n solution to that which he
■ r to have passed.
This I "avis emphatically denied, but
a subsequent investigation of the rec
showed that Webb was right and
Davis wrong.
Nothing <!aunted by Davis' tactics,
Webb signed the resolutions, and ev
ery member present, Kraly excepted,
i fur them. The only member ab
sent was Kubach, the new Director.
Then another bitter pill was admin
istered to the League for Better City
Government and its proteges and
members. Davis and Braly. Chairman
Davis asked for suggestions as to how
charges against Braly should be pre
tt suggested the same
parties who are carrying on the prose
cution against Webb take charge of
the Braly matter.
"Thi etter City Govern
ment'. 1 asked the chairman, in as\on
ishment.
"Yes, sir." smilingly answered Bart
lett, and a motion to that effect was
duly carried.
>rney '"liver, for Webb, opened
- by submitting a sum
of the affidavits which had been
by the teachers and other em
the school department as part
•■ the use. This show
ed that there are 4T.5 teachers in the
tment; that 4-' A had filed affida
vits and thirteen others had testified
. ; that there are fifty-three jani
d the department, and that forty
of them had filed affidavits; that
■ achers had been asked to pay for
■ positions by C. H. Axtell and J.
F Adams; that two teachers had paid
for their positions to J. F. Adams; that
two janitors had paid for th<-ir posi
tions, r#ne to J. S. Pitman and one to
-C H. Axtell; that teachers had busi
ness relations with members of the
present board during their u-rm of of
fice, as follows: Seven with Mathias,
tine with Poor, two with Conney, r.ix-
Pf: n with Bartlett, two with "Davis,
two with Adams, three with Melnerney
f. yen with Braly, six with Webb; that
lachera and janitors examined out
of 4^l believed their appointment due
to their qualifications and that one tes
r=he believed her appointment was
du>- to the friendship of Mr. Conney.
r this was filed as evidence in
1 'liver stated that some of the
mor" important witnesses who had
gs with members of the board
had been subpoenaed to explain these
transactions. The first two called, Miss
Jones and Miss Duncan, failed to
<1. Miss Frances Whitlock tes
she had some iegal business with
AI-. Davis during the last few weeks.
Davis left the chair and explained that
>r-° lami ' 1:1>1 been presented against
Miss Whitlock and she had consulted
him about, it. He was a friend of the
family and had made no charge for
his i ervi(
Having finished his statement Mr
Davis resumed the chair.
Carrie M. Blanford was called but
was reported to be too ill to be pres
ent^ he , is. the school teacher who
holds Davis* note for $200, the partic
ulars of which were told in yesterday's
issue of The Call.
E. P. Rowell, one of the principals
v.-ho was asked to pay for his position
by th.- Axteii-Adams combination, fail
< '1 1" r.-s]iond.
At this point Attorney E. A Me
perve for the defense said he would like
it to he understood that the teachers
who failed to attend in answer to a
subpoena were guilty of a misde
meanor.
Mips Clara M. Preston, who has been
a teacher for six years in the schools
of I.os Angeles, t<-stine,i that she had
(.•cured a loan at Braly's hank during
4|ugust last. The matter had been re
f. rred to Mr. Hraly. who at the time
did not know her as a teacher. The
loan was afterward consummated
through the regular channels in the
bank.
Mrs. Emma A. Thurston, principal of
the Custer School, testified that she
cashed her November warrants at the
Southern California Savings Bank, of
which J. H. Braly is president. She
did not see Mr. Braly there. The
amount of the warrant was $115. She
paid $1 to have it cashed.
George A. Leslie testified that he had
gone to Mr. Conney to have some deeds
drawn up.
Mrs. Gregory failed to respond. She
was dropped from the teachers' list
owing: to her poor rating. Attorney
Oliver said he wanted to prove by her
that the Times had published a faked
Interview with her, which interview
she had subsequently repudiated. The
alleged interview made Webb and
Bartlett appear In an objectionable
light.
Attorney Oliver attempted to read
the Times article, but Attorney Taylor
for the prosecution objected. He was
thrown into a condition of silence for
the rest of the evening by the charge
made by Mr. Meserve that the prosecu
tion had introduced nearly everything
with the possible exception of the Dec
laration of Independence and the Ten
Commandments. Much of their testi
mony, he added, was as irrevelant as
the Book of Genesis. Mr. Meserve con
tinued by saying he did not understand
why the teachers who had been sub
poenaed did not attend and said that if
they did not come hereafter they would
be prosecuted for misdemeanor.
Then came the bombshell of the de
fense. A motion to adjourn until 7:30
to-morrow evening had been made and
seconded. Before it could be put Webb
arose and quietly asked that he be al
lowed to introduce a resolution. This
privilege was granted him and he read
I the following:
Whereas, during the examination by
this board of the charges against Walter
L.. Webb it has been Btated In certain
affidavits on file, and in the San Fran
cisco Call of January 4. J v i'V that J. H.
Braly. the pr< Bent Red and
actlnß repres< ntative of the Fifth Ward
upon the Board ■ I Ed •■ ation of the city
of Los Ann- Irs. had, while acting as
such representative of said ward, at dif
ferent dates during the year lvT. re
ceived a benefit by cashing, through the
Savings Bank of Southern California, a
corporation, of which he is president,
certain teachers' and other warrants,
among which the i have been
named: "Warrant No. 12,221 in favor of
Miss M. E. O'Brien of Ban Francisco f<->r
Warrant in favor oi Mrs. Emma
Thurston for the sum of $115. Warrant
In favor of George E. Roeding for $2" 40.
Warrant in favor of Luella A. Duncan
for $72. •■
And whereas, said acts are in violation
nf the laws of the State of California,
and particularly of section '.'23 of the Po
litical Code and Bectlon 71 of the Penal
, as follows:
Political rode— The State
Treasurer ami Controller, the several
county, city or town officers of this
State, their deputies and clerks, are pro
hibited from purchasing or selling, or in
any manner receiving to their own use
or benefit of any person or p< i
whatever, any State county or city war
rants, script, orders, demands, claims or
other evidences oi Indebtedness against
the State or any county or city thereof,
except evidences of indebtedness Issued
to or held by tht-m for services rendered
as such officer, deputy or clerk and evi
dences of the funded Indebtedness of
such State, city, town or corporation."
"Section 71. Political Cod< — Every offi
cer or person prohibited by the laws of
this State from making or being inter
ested in contracts, or from becoming a
vender or purchaser at sales, or from
purchasing scripts or other evidences of
indebtedness, who violates any of the
provisions of such laws, is punishable by
a fine of not more than one thousand dol
lars, or by imprisonment in the State
prison for not more than five years, and
Is forever disqualified from holding any
office in the State."
Therefore be it resolved. That it is the
duty this Board of Education owes to the
city of Los Angeles in general, an<l the
School Department and J. !:. Braly In
particular, that charges shall at on^e be
red for the i urpone of Investigating
the* matters aforesaid, said charges to be
taken up upon the conclusion of the in
vestigation now in progri
WALTER L. WEBB.
Wh"n he had concluded its reading
he moved its adoption. Bartlett
seconded his motion. Then came a few
seconds of profound silence. It was
broken by Chairman Davis.
"So far as I can see," he said, "when
any charges have been made they were
made directly over the signatures of
some of the members, and thereupon
thy- board has proceeded to investigate.
It occurs to me that Mould be a more
proper course than this, and I suggest
that that be don.-."
"No charges were ever presented
against me," declared Webb. "The in
vestigation was begun in this ease on
a single resolution that was not
signed."
Here Bartlett took a hand. "We hear
rumors and reports," he said, "from
one part of the State or another, and
we ought to clear them up. If then
is anything against me I would thank
the committee for bringing charges
against me. I don't think these rumors
will be < leared up until we get to the
bottom of these things."
Braly in tremulous voice made an ef
fort to prevent the adoption of the
resolution.
"It may be in order for me to say
a word. There Is no occasion for any
investigation. The facts that have
been mentioned in the resolution can
be ascertained. There was that $2LTi
bill referred to of Miss O'Brien." He
then made a similar explanation to
that published in The Call of Janu
ary 4.
Chairman Davis went on record
against investigating his fellow-mem
ber of the League for Better City
Government.
"I want to state my reasons for vot
ing against this resolution," he began.
"When charges that are presented
hr>re are over the signature of either a
member of the board or of any other
person I shall vote to Investigate. I
am not willing, however, to vote fur
the resolution to Investigate simply
upon general rumors. Whenever the
charges are put in shape and signed
by any gentleman I shall be willing to
vote for investigation."
Webb reiterated his claim that no
specific charges had been filed against
him and that no signature was at
tached to the resolution calling for an
investigation.
Davis claimed that the resolution
was signed by Conney and himself,
but Conney denied this.
Webb ended the discussion on this
point by saying, "I am willing to Rign
this because the league is afraid to
sign it."
Webb attached his signature and It
was carried by the votes of Poor. Con
ney, Bartlett, Davis, Mathls. Mdner
ney and Webb. Braly asked to be ex
cused from voting.
"The preparation of charges de
volves upon some committee," sug
gested Chairman Davis.
"Why not the same parties who have
carried on the present case?" asked
Bartlett.
"The league?" said Davis, somewhat
taken aback.
"Yes, sir," answered Bnrtlett. Bart
lett made a motion to that effect and
it was carried.
Adjournment was taken until 7:30
p. m. to-morrow.
Installment Business Knocked Out.
Since the treat sale of furniture and
carpel* at the Pattosfen Company's big
store on Sixteenth and Mission the in
stallment business has bees completely
knocked out. People admit the amount
th<y pay in fitting out homes, offices or
hotels is as little as is required to pay a
deposit on the installment plan, and after
paying hundreds of dollars f<>r poods
charged ten times as much as they ar«
worth, by missing one month's payment
th*» house and home is gone— all there is
left is four blank walls. This Is one ren
son why the hip crowds take advantage
of this sale at Pattosien Company's, cor
ner Sixteenth and Mission. •
WalKc Fourjd Guilty.
Oeorge Walker was yesterday after
noon found guilty of felony embez
zlement by a jury in Judge Wallace's
court, and was recommended to the
mercy of the court. His crime consisted
of stealing $8Q from a tract society.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 12, 189 S.
WHAT HAS
BECOME OF
E. K. ALSIP?
Quite a Flurry in
Commercial Cir
cles.
A Strange Disappearance
That Causes Some
Uneasiness.
Nothing Heard From the Real
Estate Man Since Last
Friday.
FILES IMPORTANT DEEDS.
Transfers All of His Real and Per
sonal Property to His Wife.
Also Gives a Mortgage
Special Dlepatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 11.— The mys
terious disappearance of Edwin K. Al-
Flp has caused quite a flurry In commer
cial circles. Since Friday last no word
has been received from him. To-night's
Bee contains the following statement:
A Bee reporter visited Mrs. E. K. Al.slp
at her home la this city this morning.
but Mrs. Alslp could say no nwre than
that she had expected her husband home
last Friday night. She did not regard
his absence as strange, however, in view
of the fart that his business often called
him away.
Two deeds, which transfer all of Al
sip's real and personal property to hln
wife, were filed with County Recorder
Cohen at 10 o'clock last Friday morn
ing by W. Elmer Brown, who is con
nected with Alsip's office. After Brown
had given both deeds to P. Human, the
deputy for filing, he gave a mortgage
whereby Alsip mortgaged stated por
tions of his property to Mrs. Caroline
Swinnerton to secure $SSOO borrowed
from her.
By the terms of the first deed Alsip
gives to his wife, Mrs. Mary A. Alslp,
the consideration being love and af
fection, all the property situated ly
ing and being in the county of Sacra
mento, designated and described aa all
unsold lots in Oak Park and South
Sacramento as described upon the map
or plan of said Oak Park and South
Sacramento as tiled in the County Re
corder's office of the county and State
afftresaid, all unsold lots and half
acres in subdivisions A, B and C, and
all half-acre lots, and all lot
acreage property as described upon the
map of «)ak Park, or upon Oak Park
and South Sacramento; also all real or
pro] rty of every kind or na
ture wherever found In Sacramento or
Placer counties; also the land upon the
Louisiana tract, the Anderson tract in
Sacramento County: also "my undivid
ed one-third interest in the Sunset Col
onies or Fair Oaks, and Fair oaks ad
dition to Sacramento County."
The second deed to his wif<\ the con-
Blderation being the samo. transfers to
her all <if Alslp'a property described
as th<> vest half of lot 6, blocks R and
s. Nineteenth and Twentieth streets;
also blocks X and Y. Twentieth and
Twenty-first streets; l"ts 3, 4, 5,
S, 7 and B, blocks W and X.
Twenty-first and Twenty - second
streets; also undivided interest in lot
fi. blocks 0 and P, Twenty-first and
Twenty-second streets, subject to mort
gage of $2000. due G. G. Locke, and a
mortgage of J3OOO, due Theodore Ker
gel.
Hoth Of these deeds are dated Janu
ary ' IS«.ih. Th* .nortgage which
Brown next handed to the Deputy Re
corder for filing states that Edwin K.
Alsip has mortgaged the following
property to Caroline G. Swinnerton to
secure a promissory not»- for S^.no: All
that property in the county of Sacra
mento described as half acre lots from
102 to lit, both inclusive, as per map
of Oak Park and South Sacramento
on file in the County Recorder's office;
BISO 5. A. G. 5. A, 11, B. A, I. .'. A, X, 5.
A. L, 2.17, J and M, fi.S9, as per map of
Oak Park and South Sacramento on
file in the County Recorder's office;
also lots 10. 12, 13. 14. 15, 16. 28. 29 and
south 66 1 * acres of lots 11 and 30, as per
map of the Anderson tract on file in
the County Recorder's office of Sacra
mento County: also "my portion of
the south quarter of section 20 and
<;i«t half of section 29, township S
north, range 8 east."
All three documents — the two deeds
to AWp'i wife, giving her all his prop
erty, and the mortgage to Mrs. Swin
nerton — are of the same date, January
E, 1898. and all three are in Alsip's
handwriting and were attested by Al
fred Enquist, a notary public of San
Francisco, on the day on which the
instruments are dated.
At the Recorder's office It was deem
ed somewhat singular that deeds which
were of such a sweeping character
should be followed by a mortgage for
JSSOO on certain of the property which
it was supposed was included in the
deeds to his wife.
The most peculiar document filed by
Mr. Alaip was a mortgage to Mrs.
Bwinnerton, for whom he has been
transacting business for many years.
In an interview published in to-night's
I.<-<-, Mrs. Bwlnnertoo says:
"Mr. Alsip has been attending to my
property, collecting rents rind making
loans for me. Every month in all that
time he would present a statement,
which would show me exactly how my
affairs stood. He never made a loan
without consulting me, although he
had my power of attorney to do so, as
he thought best. But I know nothing
about this last loan. I do not remem
ber his ever saying to me that he de
sired to borrow money from me on his
own account. When my husband, died,
thirteen years ago. he told me I
should trust Mr. Alsip with my bust
ness affairs, and I have done so im
plicitly. I have the utmost confidence
in him, and I believe that he has al
ways acted in my interest. As I have
said, I did not know of the existence of
this 18600 mortgage until I was told
about it to-day. I am a woman, and,
of course, not familiar with these mat
ters. Hut I look to Mr. Alsip with con
fidence that he will explain every
thing to my satisfaction when he
comes back."
The last seen of Mr. Alsip in this
city was on Wednesday of last week,
when he appeared before Notary Al
fred A. Enquist, at the latter's office
on Montgomery street, to acknowledge
his signature to the documents above
mentioned. Inquiry among prominent
real estate men yesterday failed to
elicit any clew to the whereabouts of
the missing man or to suggest a sat
isfactory theory as to the cause of his
disappearance .
ESTERHAZY IS
NOW CLEARED
Is Found Not Guilty of
the Charges Made
Against Him.
Upon Being Liberated the
Count Receives Quite
an Ovation.
Fresh Chapter of Scandal Added by
the Arrest of a Couple for
Blackmail.
■
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
PARIS, Jan. 11.— Count Esterhazy '
has beeen unanimously acquitted.
The taking of testimony ended at 5
o'clock this afternoon, when the gov
ernment's representative briefly ad
dressed the court. Counsel for Major
Esterhazy followed. The secret delib
eration of the court-martial, which fol
lowed, terminated at 8:15 p. m., when
the president read the judgment as
follows:
"The president put the following
question to the court: 'Is Major Ester- j
hazy guilty of having had dealings
with a foreign power or its agents to
incite them to commit hostilities or \
undertake war against France, or pro
cure the means of doing so?' The pres
ident in giving his opinion said the
court declared unanimously upon the
aforesaid question that the accused was
not guilty."
The president then ordered Major Es
terhazy to be liberated.
Mathieu Dreyfus, on emerging, was
not recognized by the crowd. Colonel
Plcquart. who followed him, was ac
companied by some friends.
Major Esterhazy appeared alone at
8:20 p. m. and proceeded to the prison
i of Cherche Midi. The crowd greeted him
with cries of "Vive l'Armee," "Vive le
Commandant Esterhazy." and tried to
shake hands with him. Directly Ester
hazy entered the prison the police
cleared the streets.
The police have arrested and impris
oned Madame Jeouffrey d'Abbans and
her paramour on the charge of black
mailing an army captain. A number of
letters supporting the charge have been
seized. Madame Jeouffrey d'Abbans is
said to have been formerly known as
: a doubtful character, passing under the
name of Chabol. She married and has ;
since been divorced from an elderly
nobleman, M. Jeouffrey d'Abbans. She
i pretended to be Major Esterhazy's '
, "veiled lady." and was examined dur- j
; ing the inquiry.
THE TRUTH ABOUT TRADING STAMPS.
To the Editor of The Call— Sir: There
has been during the past few weeks ar
ticles in most of the American papers
relative to trading stamps, tht_-ir origin
and the system in general.
These article* have been, in many
cases, either superficial, inaccurate or
bias 4 ■!.
It is a surprising fact that, althongh
we have 137 clearing h uses in the East,
the plan is very Uttlfl known on the
Pacific Coast, and \v>- take this oppor
tunity of setting before the public the
trading stamp Bystem, privileges and
advantages so fully recognized in sev
enty erf the greatest Eastern cities.
Divested of all superfluous language
the origin of the system and the plan
upon which it operates is as follows:
In I*l*4 I established in Jackson. Mich.,
a plan of commission advertising by
means of which merchants endeavored
to .. fas.- their cash business through
the agency of a rebate; the rebate be
ing given by the means of trading
stamps, the said stamps being exchang
ed through a clearing ho-us.- for any
article as designated in a catalogue is
sued by me as the agent of the mer
chant who gave his customer the
stamps.
The plan was from the first a great
success; it spread to other cities, and
early in lv; I entered Into partnership
with Mr. Sperry, with headquarters at
320 Broadway, New York, and not till
May last did the system provoke un
favorable comment.
The great success of the preen trad
ing stamp movement raised up imita
tors like miishn»'ms after a ram; many
of thes Deems being irresponsible
and by reason of their Irresponsibility
brought the system in some quarters
into disrepute.
The plan upon which my company
operates is for the retail storekeeper to
receive from us our official green trad
ing stamp, paying a uniform rate for
same when presented for redemption
He then (and we in conjunction with
him) by means of systematic advertis
ing acquaint the purchasing public that
for every ten-cent cash purchase they
will receive one green trading stamp
These trading stamps are to be col
lected and pasted in a book, which we
furnish to the customer free.
We maintain in each city, as the
agents understand, of these storekeep
ers, one or more clearing houses— In oth
er words, one or more stores or ex
changes at which the customer pre
sents his or her book tilled with green
trading stamps, and in exchange for
this book Is given any article which he
or she may select.
It will be at once apparent that these
trading stamps benefit the purchasing
public: that is. they are a rebate on
cash purchases — they discredit the sys
tem <-f purchasing on credit: they prac
tically give the cash purchaser a re
bate which the old system of business
could not — or would not — do.
Now let us glance at the benefit
which the storekeeper derives.
For many years the greatest curse of
some of our commercial communities
has been the ever-growing tendency to
ask fi-r credit; many otherwise live
merchants have had to allow a gTeat
deal of this credit.
Competition has forced them tn allow
credit; 'tis also true that credit forced
thf-m to charge higher prices.
They had to run long and heavy
book debts, they had many tones, they
had to recoup themselves some way
and as a matter of fact the cash cus
tomer, strange a? if may srp m on
first impulse, paid for part of the losses
Incurred through giving credit.
With such a state of affairs it is not
to be wondered at that any system
that would tond to build up trade on a
cash basis was eagerly welcomed*
The merchant when accepting the
system laid down by the Oreen Trad
ing Stamp Company was paying a
small percentage in ord^r firstly to In
crease bis cash sales and, as it has
almost universally proved, the system
has worked up a vast new trade and
materially increased the merchant's
business who gave these trading
stamps away.
The Trading Stamp Company, In
other words, aimed to boom business in
general — they have been one of the
largest advertisers Cfor the merchants
who deal in their stamps) that the com
mercial world has seen for many years.
They advertise the merchant at a far
cheaper rate, in a more extensive way,
get better results, than the average
merchant can, and practically all this
- THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. »" | THE EMPORIUM.
¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*rx
LT -rJ^LLJ «» -^^^ t
In the accompanying list you will find some interesting quotations ' }
on needed things Good qualities for much less than you usually have to ♦
pay — even here. Our First Great Clearance Sale is now in progress. $
Delorme's marvelous painting, "The Blacksmith/ on exhibit on in %
Art Room, second floor, free of charge. . *
Three Specials in The Emporium^ : Continued Cut in *
Dress Goods* Greatest-of-All Rib- Curtains Couch t
Three unmatchabie values in bon Clearance Sales* Covers and ♦
Colored Fabrics while the goods I m , .... , „ . •-« i • ♦
last, which at the reduced Clear- See Beautiful Window DIS- Cushions* %
ance Sale prices cannot be for plays. Prices that persuade people to pur- *
' on g- 2000 yards of Silk— best quality chase. 4
38-inch Cheviot Serge, in navy and P'?j n taffeta ribbon-No. 30— yi inches 56.75 Curtains reduced to 54.50 ♦
black only— strictly pure wool— regu- wide— pure dye— choice colorings (all 6#50 Curtains reduced to 54.25 *
larly sold for 40c yard. Clear- -)r- the desirable colors for neck ribbons)— | 56.00 Curtains reduced to 53.75 2
ance Sale price 4$C actual 30c a yard value Mon- <jr\ $5.50 Curtains reduced to 53.50 I
46-inch Raised Moharane Two-tone da Y,and during the week.. , «4« 4 . 5 o Curtains reduced to 52.50 *
Effects— 10 n-w colorings— positively . Thousands of ; yards ,of the best qual- 4 .c0 Curtains reduced to 52.25 *
cannot be duplicated for less than 75c 'ty heavy all-silk satin and gros-grain Great bargains in Odd Portieres ♦
yard. The unmatchabie Clear- ? r Ribbons— choice colorings, including and Couch Covers. *
ance Sale price 3^C cream, cardinal, pink, orange green 6 4 Chenille Table Covers 55c *
46-inch Ottoman Plaids— the very and forty other shad ngs at the follow- Silk and Sateen Covered Cushions 2
latest effects and colorings— our regu- In S extraordinary prices : at 30 per cent reduction. q,
lar price has been Si per yard. The ; No. s—l inch, was 9: yard, now... 5c 30-inch Curtain Net, was 15c, *
Special Clearance Sale price /a No. 7—l^ inch, was lie yard, now.. 7c now 10c ♦
OUC ; No. 9— is inch, was lie yard, now., 9c 48-inch Curtain Net, was 20c, *
No. 12 — 2 inch, was 18c yard, now.. ioc now 15c *
~~~ No. 16— 2>i inch, was 22; yard, now. 15c second" FF a r Drapery Department 2
— _. »-. # • No. 22 — 3 inch, was 26c yard, now. -* — — 2,
Two Bargains in The Emporium's |
Black Goods. Extraordinary Ho- Greatest-of-Ali Em- *
52-inch All-wool Bhck Worsted * J T T J U«4<-%«/4/%«. C^.la« ♦
serge, which we consider the best siery and Underwear broidery bales* I
value that we have ever offered for £, ««, We offer 30,000 yards of Choice ♦
75c a yard. Reduced for the p-r\ Oelling* • Embroidery, manufactured in St. Gall, *
Clearance Sale to JVC o Switzerland, especially for this store— 2,
30-inch AU-wool Figured Satin Here are four amazing specials from by far the choicest collection that we 2-
Soleil, in 6 pretty designs — no better the dozens of broken lots and surplus have ever offered for sale. The de- <<
value can be had at 50c yard. The ■ lines to be cleared during this sale: signs entirely new and made on best ♦
extremely low Clearance Sale or ' Ladies' Heavv Flat Wool Vests and quality of cambric— edges cutout ready ■"*
Pr« JJC Pants— "The Fbnnel kind"— 28 torus. :V *"2
to — colors, white and light tan — '' 4500 yards of Cambric Edgings— v& J
regular price, $1.00 each. Clear- p-r\ to 3 inches wide— 25 different /-_ 2,
*-pf T7» . t ance Sale price 3UC | styles your choice per yard 3C
IHe nmpOriUm S Ladies' Fleece-lined Egyptian Cotton | 35«» yards of Cambric Edgings-2Ji *
r* r All O'lf Union Suits-colors, natural gray and to M inches w.de-28 ditterent -j\ «
GreateSt-Ot-All Silk ecru-buttoned across the shoulder- cZml&E&s\ to 6 ♦
sizes 3, 4. 5 and 6— regular price a(\ . 3°oo yards Cambric tagings, 3to b J
n^f^nro 75, suit Clearance Sale price.. 4UC ; inches wide very cnoice-40 <a *
Clearance bale. \ M^^m XVV^f cZ^V^J-^ 1
The season S most important | tian Cotton Vests and Pants— seams to Q inches wide— beautiful selected X
Silk Sale here now. These three ! ail covered— satin fronts-silk finish j patterns— actually worth 20c a 4 ->, «
specials indicate the telling re- ar ?"nd neck— sizes 3, 4and 5-regular d— the Special Prke-.^.. \ ±zC «
bpecmib uiuiLaie uieieiung re pnce 501. each. Clearing Sale c* 4 .00 4700 yards Cambric Edeines 53/ ♦
auctions that have been made price, 3 for $1— to^i/ches^SST 7^ styki that *
from former prices. Children's Fast Black Ribbed Cot- entirely new and actually worth 4r- J
Fancy Jacquard Figured Silk, all ton Hose — heavy weight — toes 25c a yard — for >OC 2j
exquisite new designs and colorings, and heels — sizes 6 to 9^— regular 3600 yards Cambric Edgings — very *
They were 75c a yard. Now... prr\ price 20c pair. Clearance Sale 4r- \ wide and handsome patterns — usually <+>
~ 3UC price >3C offered at 30c a yard— Spe- "\r\ ♦
Fancy Jacquard Figured Silk in gros | ' cial Sale at ZUC *
grain and satin effects— a large variety ■ 7000 yards of wide Cambric Em- *
of styles and color combinations. They /-• Q ' 1 broidery, measuring up to 1354 inches 2,
were our $1 co, $1 25 and $1 50 **p- VjrOCCfy opSCI3.IS wide sB styles choice designs worih J
qualities. Now /DC 35c and 40c a yard, will be ~\r- 4
Two-toned Brocaded Silks, all new A «* * , ■"*, « Zolucll o/Z'anZd - 25 ° *
&2S£Sr SS The Emporiums I
we* now 4>i- cerv Tdmmm s , vih 59 . ! Grpaiwt-of All Dr^c S
— Special Wednesday Only, greatest ot- Ail iJress *
Two Snpctak in Wooi soap-the 5 c size- ! Lining and Findings *
IWO OpCCiaib in Wednesday only-7 f0r........... 35- ' 't\ & & *
House Furnishings. 25 ! Department* I
MOUSe furnishings* Cream Breakfast Wheat- jr jw^of the most extraordinary mark- ♦
These items are for Wednesday and Wed "" c^l °" vT-l° **£? n doWns to reduce surplus stocks. *
Thursday only, if the quantities on ! io;lb Sack of White or Yellow Corn 25 pieces Fancy Figured Black and J
hand last that long ! Meal, regularly 25c, Wednesday Navy Watered Moreen Skirt Lining— ♦
\} They are merely ' only clearance sale price per yard .# /■* }
A quoted to show you Special Thursday Only. ;""^"T f^" o-^y 5
M how low the prices <J P*'^ l * tl -«-"uiauay wiiiy. 4000 yards Corduroy Dress Binding «»
z^^v are in our model Aunt Jemima's Pancake Flour— jin colors — black, myrtle, olive, cardi- ♦
/a *r^J_%"«&. » House Furnishing- regularly 2 pkgs for 25c— 4r\ pkg nal, gray, tan and browns— 1,4 inches *
\" ■"■' -&Z-J/ Department. Thursday only >vC & clearing sale price per yard a *
Enamtl Candle- White Swan Floating Soap— (your
stick — like picture, money refunded if you don't like p- tct* *") r~ /-pr , • ♦
with porcelain hold- it)— Thursday only— per bar 3C JNJxCe ODC 1 eiiniS *
er— an assortment ik CT «^> ,-» ; i' ,-» , __. ._ _ ♦
of colors- 2 j T|? Regular Prices. Flannel Now 25c. t
caul ** *■ w M UJ «=» a "i -, l-trallon Cans Golden Rule Cano Syrup. ..4Bc ,«
Alcohol Stove — «^? = -^PLZJ) H-frallonCanHGoMenßulea-ineSyrup...Ssc 50 pieces of natural wool Scotch i
h*o\/»» Klnz-Lr «-in 'fiT* ~|i I^*°^ 1-pallon Cann Qulnco Nectar Drips Ot)C Tonnic Plannpl in n nnrtimlarlv finA
heavy block tin — "-> ' *^ gallon Cans Quince Nectar Dripa 30c lenn i riannei in a particularly line
loaded bottom, so I i-«anon cans water-white Honey iMic assortment of colorings — worth 35c a <jj<
that it will not tip over-with .0 |SSSS«IWfIBK^^::::dB: yard-on special sale to-morrow 25 «
folding handles, each > w»U . m,- ip i sugar, i-ib bricks, 2 for 25c I and during the week at a*>j\* <f
HEADQUARTERS FOR KLONDIKE OUTFITS. *
work— all this system, all the results
are for and in behalf of the merchant
and done at a less than 5 per cent dia
et unt basis.
The violent opposition to the trading
stamp system emanates from those
who know little or nothing of its work-
Every argument has been used at dif
ferent times to throw discredit on the
system of trading stamps.
"Blackmail has even been resorted to,
threatening and defamatory articles
have been written against us for which
two men of Brooklyn, N. V., are now
serving five years' imprisonment.
In Bridgeport, Conn., the trading
Btamp system (in the face of violent
opposition) broke up the coal combine,
put thousands of dollars in the public
pocket and to-day is flourishing in
Bridgeport. And one of the leading
members of the coal combine is now
acting as an agent for merchants who
dispense trading stamps.
Like everything new the system
needs study, for it is an advertising
proposition, pure and simple.
It is to the merchant, in many cases.
just as he may happen to see through
his business experience.
We all know that some of the
shrewdest business men will not ad
vertise— strange to say some of these
met have even built up immense busi
r esses. ,
Some business men believe In news
papers — others shun them.
Many firms offer a cash discount —
f>nu emphatically won't.
Because these inconsistencies are ap
paient. would it be right to condemn
advertising in general as so much
wasted energy, money and time?
Every now and again the pulse of
the commercial world throbs with new
life Business is imbued with renewed
activity, such life— such activity is al
ways the result of some great move
ment of an upward and revolutionary
nature; such is the trading stamp sys
tem.
It Is a huge method of putting new
energy into every business house which
takes up its principles; there is no
business house which is exempt from
its influences.
The keynote of the success of the
green trading stamp movement is the
fact that it has for its fundamental
principle the discouragement of credit
accounts and it aims to enlarge cash
trade.
Now as to the question of responsi
bility.
Messrs. Sperry & Hutchlnson have
half a million dollars invested in this
business.
We are not new — we are not of, the
mushroom growth.
In existence since 1894, the green
trading-stamp system can be very
quickly placed at its proper commer
cial rating: if any interested person will
take the trouble to ask for a special
report from Dun or Bradstreet.
Its origin, progress and success are
an open book, and can be read by
everybody.
We are among the largest buyers of
general merchandise, one of the largest
advertisers in the United States.
"We pay spot cash for everything,
and we have always dealt justly with
all our principals.
But, in conclusion, we think it only
fair to ask every person to carefully
examine into the system before ex
pressing an opinion for or against it.
The fact remains we are only agents.
The storekeepers who dispense our
green trading stamps are our princi
pals. We sell nothing; we only ex
change.
There can, therefore, be no opposi
tion to us on the ground that we are
competitive merchants.
The green trading-stamp system in
augurated and exclusively carried on
by Messrs. Sperry & Hutchinson has
proved itself to be one vast advertis
ing plan, and as such, and with these
remarks, we leave it to the considera
tion of the purchasing public.
Thanking you for the courtesy of
your columns, we are, Mr. Editor,
yours respectfully,
SPERRT & HT T TCHTXKON.
P. B. HI'TTHINSON.
SERIOUS ACCIDENT IN A
NEVADA PLANING-MILL
D. B. McFaul Has His Right Hand So
Seriously Crushed That Amputation
May Be Necessary.
MADERA, Jan. 11.— D. B. McFaul.
who has been in the employ of the Ma
dera Milling Company for a number of
years, met with a very serious acci
dent this afternoon. Mr. McFaul was
operating one of the machines in the
planing department, when in some
manner his right hand was caught be
tween the heavy rollers of the machine
and before it could be stopped the
fingers and thumb of that member
were frightfully crushed and broken.
When assistance came to the injured
man it took the combined efforts of
four men, with crowbars, to lift the
heavy roller sufficiently to allow the
mechanic to withdraw his hand. It is
not known yet whether the injured
member will have to be amputated or
not.
NEW TO-DAY.
WASTE NOT, WANT NOT.
He Who in Youth Outrages the
Laws of Nature Must Repay.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL, CONSULT
DOCTOR SWEANY.
Established 15 Years
— AT
T37 MARKET STREET
He restores lost vigor and vitality to
weak men. Organs of the body which
have been wtakencd through disease,
overwork, excesses or indiscretions are
restored to perfect health and strength
through his new and original system of
treatment. RUPTURE cured by his new
method, without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and perma-
nent cure. VARICOCELE, hydrocele,
swelling and tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailing success. Contagi-
ous blood poison in any of its stages
thoroughly eradicated from the system.
! Ladies will receive special attention for
all their many ailments. WRITE if you
cannot call. No charge for advice by
mail. He will also send you a valuable
book, "Guide to Health." free of charge.
Address F. L. SWEANY, M. D., 737 Mar-
ket street, San Francisco. CaL
56
\VEUNrESDAYTr.rrr.'.I7...~ JANUARY 12, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
""""Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Marfcet and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson stree
Telephone Main IST4.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY^ Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mail $6 per year; per month
t5 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by rpoll, $1-50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE. Room 188, World Buildtnft
WASHINGTON D. C. OFFICE Riftfts House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corrjer Cloy;
cpen until 9:30 o'clocK- 339 Hayes street: open until
620 o'clock- 621 MoAllister street: open until 9:30
O'clock. 615 Lark.in street: open until 9:30 o'clock
£W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open until
£ o'clock- 2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh St.; open until 9 o t clocK.. 1505 PoiK street
cpen until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
cod K.cntucKy streets; open until 9 o'cIocK
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— " Thf> Man From Mexico."
California— "A N'ls-ht In New York."
Alcazar— "Ssmerald a
"The Plunger."
Tiv. • r Goose-"
■villo.
Bush— The Th.-via German-Hebrew Opera Company.
Oberon —Cosmopolitan Orchestra.
The Chutes- CMqulta and Vaudeville.
California Jockey I I id, Ortriffnii Racetrack— Rnops To-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frnr.'.c W. Batterfield— This day, Jnnunry 12, Furniture
at sl'j Qeary Btreet, at li 0
MADE READY FOR THE JUBILEE.
RAPIDLY the day for the opening of the
Golden Jubilee approaches. In a time com
paratively short it will be here. Those who
intend to contribute to the fund for the public de
monstration or to decorate their homes and places
of business have no time to lose in making prepara
tions. Whatever is to be done must be done at once
in order to have it timely and opportune for the
freat occasion.
The celebration is to be an important one for San
Francisco. It will attract the attention of the whole
country and the result will be used as a basis for es
timating the civic patriotism and public spirit of the
people. We must make the celebration something
more than an ordinary street parade or disappoint
popular expectation and feel the effect of the disap
pointment in a diminished attendance at the expo
sition of mines and mining.
Individual taste and skill should co-operate with
the jubilee committee in the decoration and adorn
ment of the streets. Along the whole line of march
the city should show itself in brilliant array. What
was accomplished during the convention of the
Christian Endeavorers should be surpassed and
eclipsed. We have invited people from all parts of
the Union to come and Dake part in the festival, and
it now behooves us to give them a reception suffi
ciently impressive to repay them for the journey,
even if they have come all the way across the con
tinent.
Although enough money has been contributed to
the fund to assure a notable pageant for the parade,
it is rot yet too late to add further contributions to
the amount and help to make the display more
gorgeous and more beautiful still. As the celebra
tion is to make a genuine popular holiday, it should
have a liberal popular support. It is one of the
movements in which all citizens can give help and
take part, and it is to be hoped a sufficient number
wiil do so to prove to all coiners that civic pride and
artistic taste are common to all classes of our people.
AN INCOMPLETE BILL.
IT is said there will be introduced into Congress
a bill providing that every person who copy
rights a book in this country shall, in addition
to the two copies filed in the Library of the United
State? at Washington, deposit also a copy in the
State Library of each of the, forty-five States.
It is the opinion of the advocates of the measure
that the bill will be of great advantage to the li
s of the various States, and there can be no
question of the soundness of the belief. The bill
however is incomplete. Why give an advantage to
libraries not given to other State institutions?
Why impose upon authors a burden not imposed
upon other recipients of copy and patent rights?
The bill should be so amended as to provide that
every man who takes out a patent for a farming
implement should send one of the implements to
each State Agricultural College. Every man who
copyrights a brand of fruit, oyster";, canned meat,
soup, boots and shoes, hats, gloves or tobacco
should be compelled to send samples to every
poorhousc in the Union. Every man who patents
a medicine should have to give samples to all
State Medical Colleges. All the holders of patents
to mines should send specimen ores to all museums
of mineralogy. All inventors of an}' kind of • me
chanical appliance should send working models
to all mechanical schools conducted under State
patronage.
The proposed amendments would make the bill
of advantage not only to State libraries, but to all
schools, colleges, museums and poorhouses. It
would place authors upon an equality with all other
holders of patent and copy rights. It would con
fer benefits upon a wide class of citizens who do
not read books. If we are going to give the States
something for nothing, the more we give them the
more logical will we be and the better will they
like it.
In all seriousness, the bill shows an utter dis
regard of the property of authors. Its advocate
evidently believes that books come by gift of na
ture and not by labor and industry.
We are as eager as any one to see all State li
braries advanced, but we believe that can be done
in a much better way than the one proposed. In
stead of taking books from a poor author who can
not afford to give them, and whose books in all
probability would be of little credit to the libraries,
we suggest that each member of Congress be re
quired to contribute a portion of his salary to each
public library in his district, leaving the trustees
to use the money in the purchase of such books as
the library most needs.
The man who asks "What is the matter with
Hanna?" will merely be showing that he does not
read the papers. The outlook was a little dark for
a time, but friends of Hanna, observing that he had
won the dislike of Hearst's papers, never faltered in
their belief of success.
PLANS FOR CURRENCY REFORM.
THE standard of value and the place proposed
for the silver currency, in the plan of the Cur
rency Commission, have been considered. The
effect intended is to find use for the silver owned by
the Government by retiring all paper currency of
less than $10 denomination and filling its place with
silver certificates of less than $10. There will be no
contraction of the currency, because the greenbacks,
national bank notes, etc., of small denominations re
tired will be reissued in denominations of $10 and
over.
The next point to be considered is the obligations
of the Government which the treasury is compelled
to redeem on demand and to reissue. The commis
sion proposes the gradual retirement of these de
mand obligations which now constitute "the endless
chain" by which the gold reserve of the treasury is
diawn out without reducing the volume of demand
obligations used for that purpose.
The demand notes of the Government, payable in
gold on presentation and required by law to be im
mediately reissued, are the greenbacks and coin notes
of i&)0, amounting to $455,994,296.
The commission proposes to create in the treasury
a division of issue and redemption, separate from the
ordinary fiscal functions of that department. To this
division the gold reserve held against the demand ob
ligations will be transferred, and they will be handled,
redeemed, issued or canceled in this division.
The gold reserve is to be maintained from the rev
enues when they are adequate, otherwise by the sale
of short time bonds.
When the notes are redeemed in gold they arc
to be canceled up to $50,000,000. and thereafter for
live years the amount canceled shall only equal the
increase in bank notes, thereby avoiding contraction
of the currency. After five years the notes redeemed
are to be canceled at the rate per annum of 20 per
cent of the whole amount of notes then outstanding.
At the end of ten years the legal tender quality of
the notes still outstanding is to cease.
No note once paid in gold is to reissue except in
exchange for gold, provided that if uncanceled notes
accumulate unduly in this division of issue and re
demption the Secretary may use them in the pur
chase of United States bonds for the benefit of that
division, such bonds to be held and sold wh.cn neces
sary for the replenishment of the redemption fund.
It will be seen that this plan intends to retire the
unfunded Government debt due on demand, and to as
far as possible do this without funding it in the form
of an interest-bearing debt. When the burden of
these demand obligations is lifted from the trea-^ury
there may be expected less difficulty in maintaining
the stable standard of value and there may be eve::
anticipated an increase in the coinage of silver on
Government account, it demanded by the needs of
business, because parity may be easier maintained.
WORDS TO THE WISE.
THE organization of the Board of Freeholders
recently elected, with Joseph Britton as presi
dent and J. Richard Freud as secretary, fore
shadows the adoption of the charter prepared by the
Citizens' Committee of One Hundred. Both these
gentlemen took an active interest in formulating the
instrument referred to, and it is presumed that their
influence in their new situations will be sufficient to
secure its indorsement substantially as it passed the
committee. No one will complain of this, for it i$
quite clear that in forcing that charter they are fol
lowing out the logic of the late charter campaign.
There is a strong presumption that a majority of the
people who participated in the election held on De
cember 27 favored the instrument prepared by the
Citizens' Committee. At all events that is the sense
of the result. If the 13.000 and odd persons who voted
for the successful Board of Freeholders did not fa
vor that charter a very light-view of their sanity must
be accepted.
But, notwithstanding this logic, Mr. Britton, Mr.
Freud and the Freeholders should remember that
only about one-third of the voting population of this
city went to the polls on the occasion of the late
election. Over 50,000 men either did not understand
the questions at issue or did not take sufficient inter
est in a charter to vote. All, or nearly all, of the«c
will vote in November. Therefore, according to our
notion, the board should carefully consider a new
organic law, not from the standpoint of the apparent
verdict rendered amid the indifference of the holi
days, but from broad considerations of public utility.
The city is wofully in need of a new charter. His
tory shows that no instrument can be adopted which
contains either an autocratic Mayor or innovations
that engender political antagonisms. The first char
ter submitted to the people of San Francisco was
defeated because it proposed the arbitrary removal of
the cemeteries; the second because it reduced otYicial
salaries; the third and fourth because they introduced
innovations and an autocratic Mayor.
If the Board of Freeholders perstots in providing
machinery for purchasing public utilities, forfeiting
street railway franchises, enforcing civil service re
form or investing the Mayor with extraordinary
powers, it will simply sow dragons' teeth, which will
develop into armed men to defeat its charter. If
these propositions arc to be placed before the people
at all they should be submitted in the form of alter
nate sections. That method is perfectly practicable
as to all of them, except possibly that which in the
citizens' charter confers autocratic powers upon the
Mayor. But experience shows that the people do
not favor political bosses. This being granted, how
can any sensible person contend that they will adopt
a charter which provides for a boss with powers far
exceeding those enjoyed by any political potentate
we have ever known?
If the Freeholders desire to see their charter
adopted they will modify the citizens' draft so as to
avoid antagonisms. Mr. Britton has already pre
sided at the funeral of two charters. We hope he will
be wise enough to change his system this time and
give us an organic law which will stand some chance
of being adopted.
Among the Klondike miners who laugh at stories
of starvation arc those having the discretion to get
away before they became hungry. To the miners
who remain behind on short rations, or to the others
lying dead along the trails over which they tried
vainly to escape, there has been no feature of the
situation suggestive of hilarity.
Senorita Cisncros appears to be much concerned
about the starving Cubans. The very fact that she
would permit a yellow journal to drag her into no
tice again seems to point to this conclusion. How
ever, she will never be restored to public favor un
less she offer herself to the cause in the form of sand
wiches.
An American circus has captured London. We
have always contended that there was a weak spot
in the boasted civilization of England.
TnE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JAXfAEY 12, 189 S.
rEARS of a dry season have gone glimmering
from all parts of California. There is now
every prospect that showers will be forth
coming sufficient for the needs of all kinds of rural
industry and in all localities. It is true the danger
is not past, for we may yet lack the spring rains.
1 hat, however, is another story. For the present
everything looks satisfactory.
The notable feature of the season is the fall of snow
in the southern portion of the State. Here is an
other striking lesson for Eastern people in the va
rieties of climate in California. Snow covers the
ranges of hills and mountains that girdle San Diego,
and those that surround the blooming valleys back
of Los Angeles, while those around San Francisco
are free from any suggestion of winter.
It is gratifying to learn by the reports from the
southern counties that no damage i 9 expected to re
sult to orange or other trees from the snow that has
fallen. The people seem, in fact, to have been made
jubilant rather than depressed by the appearance of
sr.owflakes among their hills and even among their
flower gardens. It is to them truly a "beautiful
snow," and they count it among the attractions of
the season.
Dispatches from San Diego announce that Lyons
Peak, twenty miles from the coast, is covered with
snow, but the lemon and orange trees at the base of
it have not been touched by frost. At Riverside the
orange trees were white with snow when the people
rose in the morning, but no damage was found when
the snow was cleared away by a heavy rain that fol
lowed. At Yisalia snow was noted on the foothills
where it has not been known to fall for twenty years,
but here again the reports announce the cheering
news that no damage. has been done.
In every locality the fall of rain or snow has been
propitious to the hopes of the husbandmen. Both
the grain growers and the orchardists rejoice in it.
It is stated that in some localities the grain crops
were suffering from a lack of moisture. To the own
ers of these cropsthe coming of the rain and the snow
were genuine blessings. They have changed a fear
of fcsd harvests into an assurance of good ones.
It seems, in fact, that everything is working for
the good of California this year, and we can well be
lieve the report from San Diego that Eastern visit
ors to that city as they stood amid summer tlowers
and looked upon the snowy hills around them were
amazed at the striking proof before their eye? of the
truth of the stories they had never believed of the
wonderful climate of California.
THE IRON FIND STEEL INDUSTRY.
REPORTS from the East are to the effect that
while the year 1897 was <>r.e of the most event
ful ever known in the iron and steel trade ol
the United States, the present year is likely to sur
pass it in all respects. The outlook is promising for
a record breaking trade, and the chances are much
of it will be made up of export d to foreign countries.
The export 01* iron and steel was in fact one of the
notab^ features of the trade of last year. Jt is said
there is hardly a country of importance on the face
of th^ earth that did not receive more or less iron
or st£el from the United States during the last twelve
monhs. In the aggregate these shipments were very
large, and according to the estimates of expert -
Pittsburg the total amount for the year was
than 500.000 tons.
However large our foreign trade may be during
the present year, it is still to tVc home market that
our producers of iron and steel look for the
greater portion of their orders. The revival of this
business in the industry during the last six months
has been something able, and the movement
•-.'A going forward. Jt is calculated by le
authorities in the trade that the consumption of iron
during the year in : try will be about 14,000,
000 t< >ns.
A gratifying fentitre of the reports of the industry
is the showing made of the manufacture of tinplate.
Our imports of this I for the decade ending
1892 averaged 275.000 tons per annum. This was re
duced to 119.000 tons for the year iSo/>, and was still
further reduced during 1897, besides which ex;
of tinplates are being made, which during iX<>X arc
likely to be of considerable magnitude, sufficient, at
all events, to offset any ii lports that may be ma
Rarely in any line of industry has the advantage
of protection been so strikingly shown as in the de
velopment of the manufacture of tfnplate in this
country as revealed in the statistics given. Fix years
ago we were importing urge quantities of that ma
terial, and now, notwithstanding the intervening
years of Democratic tree trade and depression, the
home manufacture has increased to such an extent
that we can expect to export tinplate Instead of im
porting it.
It is an established principle in commercial circles
that the condition oi the iron trade serves as a bar
ometer of the total trade of the country. Iron is the
basis of nearly all modern industry. It supplies the
material for the construction of almost everything
we use, from railroad, to bootjacks. When there is
a large demand for iron it is a sure thing there is a
large demand for articles made from it. The cheer
ing reports from the iron and steel industry are
therefore doubly gratifying inasmuch as they carry
with them a promise of prosperity for all.
There is a rumor that Uncle Sam has so little pow
der on hand that if all his warships were to be en-
Raped in a ten-hour battle the remaining supply
would not last more than thirty minutes. There is
no immediate occasion for distress. In the first
place the probability of such a battle is more than re
mote. Samuel's warships will not be at any one sta
tion when an engagement shall occur. Those hap
pening to be there will not stay ten liours. for they
will lick, be licked or at the bottom of the sea in
much less time.
Weyler's voice is still loud for war. Tt was in the
same state when the Cubans were making the island
too hot for him. A really brave enemy does not
fly even from such a voice as Weyler's. Why does
not the gentleman make some practical use of his
vocal equipment? The world still has room for a
good auctioneer.
The Panama swindler. Her?:, has a very slim claim
to American protection, if. indeed, he has any. How
ever, there are many people in this country perfectly
willing to waive a point and give him the best pro
tect -nil an American jail can afford.
If Russell Sage happens to sec the rumor that he
has been shorn of power he will button his $9 over
coat around him. go into Wall street and make sick
of the people who think they did the shearing.
Several sharpers have succeeded in beating the
nickel-in-the-slot machine. To chide them is impos
sible, bat we make the concession of refraining from
congratulating them
SEASONABLE RAINS.
RAIN UP THE MOUNTAIN:
Along the serried slopes a white shape creeps,
I canyon sides and up the steeps^
A mystery of s-ilent, shrouding deeps,
Like spirit touching earth while nature sleep*
It stirs beneath the laurels, stirs within
The redwoods' circling shade, and light and thh.,
Where the brown woodthrush builds and spiders spin,
Shuts the twist manzanita's tangle in.
With swaying tops and quivering letrres adart>
Held for a time within the mint's white heart,
Like shadowy travelers ready to depart,
Tall, waving shapes of eucalyptus start.
From far below, where level spreads the plain,
Trav'ling with jeweled feet the ripening grain,
Touching the slumbering hills to life again,
Filling the earth with gladness, comes the rain.
ADELINE KNAPP.
GRAVEYARD GOSSIP.
BY MIRIAM MICHELSON.
"The thing T can't understand is what difference does it make to our quiet
ried here or not." siid a newly made grave, looking
.1 tall, beautifully polished granite shaft.
"No, Is rstand," answered the monument, scornfully.
t, really, when peoj me to us, don't y ■•: think It's about time to cease
distinctions?" asked the grave, quite humbly.
■ i." said the monument, drawing herself up haughtily, "that it's always
■ social position -o the claims of wealth
ami cultun ."
The modest little grave was quite crushed and the subject .would have been
• • ■ for a whil marble tomb, a Ned Greenway or tombs, the
!.;i<!i-r of all cemetery functions, the molder "f graveyard ethics.
:11 ■ l tii- 1 t"mi''H cold, deep voice. "Leaving apart
: ;.;l position, his <rmie makes him wholly unfit for entrance
"His crime?" echoed the grave, bewildered. "Why, in mercy's nam«. hasn't
. yen his life i ment? Shall a. murderer be buried at the cross-roads
•h a heap of stones In the nineteenth century? The criminal is condemned to
Buffer whil<- he I\\- fter his death. And since when, anyway, has there
been a censorship appointed for the revision of the lists of those who would
c:it«-r hen
"The vulgar are so stupid!" exclaimed the shocked tomb.
"A parvenue, my dear.*' whispered the monument, consolingly. "A very late
arrival, as is cl< . • nt."
• imb. "An opinion from BUch a source is of-no value,
what< ' it sets one thinking of 1 1 1 « - radical tendency of th.> day. A c-:v.\f
terj is 1 I of conservatism, if liberal i- : r hero, we
. :■. I. i 1 ; :-•:■•■ with pain the frequency of incinerations. Tluit is evidence
alarming evideni
"Not at all. not at all," the monument assured the tnmh. "The crematories
; ire us as ourselves. A sparrow told m^, in confidence, this morn
:s burial, would be denied the murderer. My friend,
irect from tmbarium. So the news Is authentic."
"I hope so," said the tomb, stiffly. "\\ ■ to draw the line if not here?"
"Hut why should a line be drawn?" asked the grave. "Will you explain to mo
what's the difference between a box of clay and a box of clay?"
The outraged tomb tools refuge in disdainful silence. The monument Razed
>• m the offender. And the grave v.a.s ho insulted that it lost Its temper and
raeerlngly added:
••just tho n:inir> he will ll^l 1^ cremated. And at Pasadena."
"Pasadena!" said the tomb and monument, together.
f>h. the contempt In thnt one word! The southern crematory had utterly lot
caste. In the high em;rt of cemetery opinion it was socially damned.
"What nre they talking about?" a llznrd asked a garter snake that was glid
ing along- the prass at the font of th.- monument.
"I don't know. Ask the worms. They can tell you."
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
L.. Montr Verda, a miner of Angela, Is
at the Lick.
H. I.in'i! y, the Oregon lumber man, Is
at U-. 1
Lloyd England, U. S. A., Is a guest at
the Occidental.
Sol Berliner, a miner from Dawson, is
at the Baldwin.
H. W. Crabbe, an Oakville mining man,
is a guest at the Grand.
W. 11. Topley, a lending druggist of
Vallejo, la at the Grand.
T. B. Dillon, the owner of the Colum
bia mine, is at the Grand.
L. F. Ralston, a well-known resident of
Georgetown, is at the Occidental.
E. I* Finley, a newspaper man of Santa
Rosa, la registered at the California.
"W. W. Douglass, Assistant State Con
troller, is at the Grand from Sacramento.
Colonel C C. Royce, a member of the
National Guard, of Chlco, is at the Cali
fornia.
J. M. Molina, a prominent- lawyer and
coffee man of Guatemala, is at the Occi
dental.
Dr. George T. Hunter, a well-known
physician of New York, is at the Occi
dental.
Charles "Watson, ones of the best-known
business men of Seattle, is a guest at the
Palace.
George Murphy, a merchant and min
ing man of Grass Valley, Is staying at
the Etass.
Frank Watson, a well-known horse
man of Paris, Ky., arrived at the Bald
win last night.
"W. J. Martin, manager of the "Western
Union Telegraph Company, will resign
at the end of the month, lie has been
In the employ of the company for twenty
two j
J. C. Rnndman and F. R. Armntronp.
two mining men of Seattle, are registered
at the California.
Charles K. Lipman. the manager of
Sullivan .<.- Kelly's paini house in Sacra
mento, is at the Grand.
Mrs. J. K. Ham
ilton, whole pass-
Ing the winter at
one of the hotels
In the city, has
two children, 6
and 3 years old.
t THE
! comports !!
OF
1 APP! IED
:: rei igion. *
named respect'
iv.-ly Ornce and ci.-vide, whom she I
tempting t.« teach how to walk in the
it and narrow path, ami to that
end Ph.- is continually Impr.ssin^ on their
- mlnda the fact that they n<<ci have
■ r, no matter where the:
■ all seeing Providence who is
constantly watching over good little boyi
and girls.
The other day the mother, having occa
sion to go out of her rooms for a fen rao
i ie in charge of ber small
brother.
Mrs. Hamilton was away longer than
she Intended to be, and on her rot urn *hr
heard heart-rending cries and lu.tty yowls
Issuing from her apartment*,
The v re product .! t.\ the •
scion it' the Hamilton ftti
tet bad !ock.-d him in a .i.mk , : :.■•.■: and
who v hla !>!'p> ■■>'••' lo be !.-t
00l « itii the comfui ranee that
no harm could posaibl) come to him, aa
tho gi od "Mr. Providence," of whom they
had often heard their mother speak, must
surely be In there with him.
A. P. Hoi fill of Los Angeles, well known
from his connection with the California
Fish Company, is at the Grand.
Mrs. O. 11. Waldo of Chicago, with Mrs.
H. G. Harrison and Mrs. R. H. Passpiore,
of Minneapolis, are at the Palace.
George L. Hoxie, a prominent lawyer of
Fresno, and F. W. Street, n mine owner
of Sonora, are both staying at the Lick.
General J. R Martin, one of the hest
known and most public-spirited citizens
of Sacramento, is in town for a few days.
John Markley, secretary of the State
Board of Examiners, is In the city for a
few days from his home in Sacramento
lie is staying *t the Lick.
Dr. Harry P. Carlton, who haa hr-en
attending the annual convention f the
National School of Dental Technics in
Chicago, returned to the city yesterday.
G. F. Richardson, master of transpor
tation of the Southern Pacific Company,
has gone to Honolulu on his va
Mrs. Richardson accompanied her hus-
T>and.
R. R. Kelson, a retired Judge of the
United States Circuit Court, is at the
Occidental with his daughter. They have
Just arrived from their home in St. Pan!.
Minn.
The -well-known New York business
man, J. Goodman Darden, who lias heen
seriously 111 at the Palace for the pa •
two months, has so far recovered that he
has gone to Paso Robles for a few days.
T. O. Kerrell,
an old frontiers
man, who has
been in about all
the Indian trou
blesthat haveoc
curred along the
COLORED
TROOPS AS
FIGHTERS.
.............. border fur the
last forty years and who is in tho city at
present on one of his periodical visits to
civilization, was discussing the negro an
a soldier yesterday in the billiard room of
the Occidental Hotel. "From what T
have seen of th* 3 netrro as a fighter," said
Mr. Kerrell, "I think he makes, whrn
]>rop< rly trained, the very best kind of a
soldier for rough work. The impression
the average man has of the race is d*»
rivad fr^m what he reads in the comi*
weeklies and from the poorer specimens
he sees loating around the streets of the
big cities. Nothing could be finer than
the conduct of the colored troops at the
defense of Fort Pillow in the civil war,
and the black cavalry in later years have
made a name for themselves that has be
come famous in military circles. When
the Apache trouble in Arizona broke out
the black troops were far away when or
dered to the scene. They at once hurried
to the front, and after a march which la
in itself famous arrived within a short
distance of the enemy and were just go
ing into camp when a messenger arrived
on a foam-covered horse with the iipws
thnt the scrap had commenced. Boots
and saddles at once sounded and the
troops, leaving their coffee boiling: over
the fire, sprang on their horses' backs
without waiting to saddle them, and
dashed out over the twenty miles that
separated them from the conflict. When
the Indians saw th<m coming on the dead
run. yelling like demons, their whir
balls gleaming from out their ebon skin,
■and their dusky faces alive with the lust
Of battle, they thought that Uncle Sam
had called on Hades for reinforcements,
and I don't think that idea was at all
lessened by the subsequent proceedings."
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11— B. Schweitzer of
Schweitzer & ( "o. of San Francisco is in
the city. W. Swansnn of Los Angeles is
at the St. Denis, M. Cohen of Los An
geles is at the Hotel Jefferson and J. 1!.
Luthf-r of San Francisco is at the Hol
land House.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. I.— L. &
o and W. B. Wight
man are at the Raleigh.
FOR PURER
JOURNALISM.
COTTONWOOD, Jan. 10.
To the Editor of the San Fran
cisco Call: i wish to express to you
my personal appreciation and
thanks for the absence of sensation
alism in the report of the hanging
of W. H. T. Durrant It certainly is
a step toward a purer journalism-
Sincerely, S. R. WOOD,
Evangelist.
Cal. glace fruit 50c perlb at Townsend's."
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery st. Tel. Main 1042. •
The United Service Magazine of Lon
don claims to have discovered the li
bretto for a cantata written by the Duke
of "Wellington. The subject is "Pandora
and Prometheus."
"Mrs. YVlnslow's Soothing Syrup "
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Drupg-lsts In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnalow*B Soothing Syrup. LT.C a bottle.
CORONADO.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry,
soft and mild, beinjj entirely free from the
mists common further north. Round trip
tickets, by Bteaioshlp, Inr*!udlns» fifteen days'
.it the Hotel del Coronado, f'".;.: long-pr
stay. $2 50 per day. Apply 4 N.-w Montgomery
Snn Francisco, or A. V.'. Bailey, mana
ger, Hotel del Coronado, Into of Hotel Colo
rado, Olenwood S; -.■ gt c i irado.
The charm of beauty is beautiful hair. Secui l^
It with I'arkkr's Hair Balsav.
lilNi'KKcoKNs. the best euro for corns. 15 cts.
Fremiet, the French sculptor, has fin
ished the head of the enormous statue
of the late Comte Ferdinand de Lesaeps,
which is to be placed at the entry of the
Suez canal. The canal pro.** ctor is to be
r- presented standing, covered with an
Arab boumous and pointing toward the
new waterway opened op to navigation.
NEW TO-DAY.
How a person can gain a
pound a day by taking an
ounce of Scott's Emulsiom
is hard to explain, but it
certainly happens.
It seems to start the diges-
tive machinery working
properly. You obtain a
greater benefit from your
food.
The oil being predigested,
and combined with the hy-
pophosphues, makes a food
tonic of wonderful flesh-
forming power.
All physicians know thi#
to to be a fact.
All druggists; toe. and $1.00.
SCOTT & JiQWSE, CllcnßtS, New York,NEW CLUB
HAS SCENIC
OUTLOOKS
Views of the Home of
the San Fran
cisco Club.
Cozy Nooks and Artistic
Niches Abound in the
Quarters.
Palatial Room? Will Be .
illy Dedicated at Noon
To-Day.
FINEST VIEWS IN AMERICA
t Other < lubrooms Have View
Tli'
ms iij, the
OFFICERS AND ROOMS OF THE NEW SAN FRANCISCO CLUB
Claus Bpreckela buildlnq: a 1 noon to
day, at which tini" there will be music
and a few Informal by officers
and members of the new organization.
A casual stroll through the club]
day was enough to convince the
most careless observer that the view
from almost < v> ry nook and corner <>f
thf> apartments, which oc :upy two
i, Is the finest r-lub outlook in the
United States. Every window prei< nta
a different aspect of the many k;i
scenes on the streets as well as
along thy bay and over the distant
club will be quartered on the
enth and i of the
NEW TO-DAY.
Hred"
ROUGH
HANDS
Itching, icaly, bleeding palms, chapels nails,
».nd painful linger ends, pimples, blackheads,
Oily, mothy ekiD.dry, thin, and failing hair, itch-
Ing, scaly scalps, all yield quickly to warm baths
with Cuticuha Boap, and gentle anointings
with Ccticura (ointment), the great ekin cure.
In .41 ll.rr,i,hiwt th» -world. P..TT«» D»ca AI.D Ch«m.
t^)«p.. So;« Props., Boston.
03* ■• How to Produce Baft, Whi'.» Hand*," free.
ITCHING HUMORS *GZ2L'2Z2.*
tall building:, and there
cozy lilt:.; nooks v, '•
retreat as well us an unusual view
i which the great ■.-■■•
ivirons may be
s ten.
ma will be neatly
to-day. Palms, llo^
tun s will pleas
thetic. \\ hile an on h -.-;; a w ill fl
air with pleasing hi
uniqui ii •
■ ■is. • ■
lishments to add I
■
Tin- six:
by the r< staurai
quiet little dinii
iffet on i
i, wil h cloak
and like
I >n the .
tion room proper, a
reading r
billiai ■ 'rom many
outlooks I'll this ' :i tne
sixt< eni h, tl
The new club ln I '"'*
follow Ing ■ •'
A. B. Bpreckels \ G. H.
urer, J. E. D
iii" direct '•• 1{
little
The club's ' 1i!11
ited • - ' vn ~
• Arch
■
■ ■
■ p will
■
■
■
the momhership roll makt-s th<^ rluh
somewhat exclusive, ;j fad required by
the limited area of the quarters, as well
as )>>■ th.- desire of the directors to
havo a membership that will not be un
wieldy. No social club In the city ever
n under more favorable auspices
than those which welcome th<- op
' of the San Francisco.
'Divorce Suits Filed.
Martha Isadora Maddalmia has ph^l
John H. Maddalena for i in the
I ground of extreme cruelty. There i Br< c
; haa applied for a divorce from her hus
band, Gerhard Bree, '.n the gro
failure tn provide. Georjtf.ana Prati l'.:i*
commenced suit against Warren A. Prati
for a dlv<
; allPßfs desertion. Anna M. Hutcninson
has fiir-ri suit for a divorce fr,.:n Robert
C. Hutchlnson on the ground of failure
! to provide. Theresa Wall is the last on
■ the list. Bhr> .-'sks for a divorce frum her
I husband, Edward "Wall, on an allegation
I of desertion.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO (ALT., WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 12, 1898.
BOLD BREAK
FOR LIBERTY
Albert Abernethy Did Not
Relish Being in
Prison.
At the Door He Parted From
Detective Dinan and
Bolted.
After an Exciting Chnse Dir.an Threat
ened to Shoot and the Fugitive
Whs Recaptured.
A daring attempt of a prison*
■• while entering the < ity prison
. Itement y
day moi nil
Detective Jerry Dinan arrested Al
he was want i
Ive lia and Harper. Abernethy
ed to i ted everal
r'.t burglaries In the Western
and each
questi ' i.l 1' ii >k< nit. fur
■ ut ii o'clock yesterday morn
. him on Gn ■ I
and at on him vi d
Dinan took him I tuar
tors and was Instructed by Captain Bo
u the il. ■
until Bee and ppor
■
i by
burglars to come to the City Prison to
see if they could identify him.
Dinan, nut dreaming that he -would
attempt to make his escape, did not i>ut
handcuffs <<n him. On the way to the
prison Abernethy loudly protest! l
a^ain^t being arrested, and kept Dln
iin's attention occupied until they
reached the prison door. Just then
Abernethy wrenched his arm frcim
Dlnan's grasp and sprinted f<>r Mc-
Allister street. Dinan was surprised
f-'r a moment, but quickly recovered
himself and pulling out his revolver
started after Abernethy and yelled to
him, "Stop nr I will shoot you." Aber
nethy was making p«>od headway, i>-it
the rear of possibly living s),
to paralyse i is legs and he stumbli ■!
and felL Just as he was almost on his
igaln Dlnan spranp upon him and
held him in a tltrht grasp till Policeman
\v<.]f came to his assists wit, und Abw>
nethy was kd into the prison.
CALL UPON
BUSINESS MEN
Lack of Interest in the
Coming Mining
Jubilee.
A Meeting of the Finance Com
mittee Held at Head
quart^:
ib-Connmitteea Are For
wnri lpri_S<-ib«?criptions From
tiie City i
- for thf Jubilee celebra
tion • I uring Into the
rs of the main headquarters at the
• not fast enough to
yu\t -, ent or satisfy the
■
■> the hearty
hants and busi-
I ' ty. In this
wing t'. ;i doubt aa
bration would be a
Noi ? ->" tardy donations
:' the business houses of the
city, tli" : of the Jubilee com
. exerting every
•
■ ■! an undertak
down in the annals of the city as a
brilliant success and historical event
long to be remembered by the people
of this city and State.
Every business man and merchant
should (five liberally toward this un
dertaking, so the management thinks;
but as yet many have not displayed
sufTici' ;.t Interest in it to give a few
dollars toward its success.
Business men of the city who have
not as yet contributed toward the un
dertaking owing to a doubt that exist
ed In th-.-ir minds as to whether the cel
ebration would be a success or failure
can now dispel such doubts and giv..
liberally toward an undertaking which
baa passed the state of embryo and is
well on its way Toward becoming a atu
pendoua success. Nothing is now
wanting bur a hearty co-operation and
unity of action to put the great ma
chine in motion.
Last night a meeting of the finance
committee was held r.t the Jufcilee
headquarters ;>t the Pal
of the different Bub-comn
were forwarded and many of the mem
bers of these committees reported thai
. Ithough good, was not
ipid as might be desired. Super
visor Smith reported that subscrip
frora the City H;:li were being
ally seni in. ;* • pera
tion from this • n be ex]
The ■
follows: r ■ •
additl ■ Alaska I'.uk
lation, $250; Brewere" Pi
ation, $_'"'i: T.mils SI
$1.V); 1 81 ■ pany,
Pacific Telephone Company, Si" I .
Suns< ( T<
■ g < lompany $100:
racetrack i ! kmakersl
■
< - mann,
'illmann A.- Bendel, $50; George W.
McNear, !
John I'atn $25; Roth,
Blum & Co M' : A. C. Wldber, $20; J. N.
Ferguson, CO; Madison, Burke & Sellon,
Mrs. T. Grayson-Oane, S2": C. W.
Rebmnn, I M rthy Hi
J. C. John M. 'Mark. I
.«.- McGaffln, $5; I-. Devany, $5; J. A.
Russell. ?.v W. M. '-'■ nk T.
Shea, $5; M. C. Bateman, X \v. P. Sul
livan Jr., $5; Judge A. E. Belcher, ?_ 50;
3 l ielden, $2 SO; I :arroll & Tiltoi
■: Luke Kavanagh,
j
Gagan, Si 60; George i 1i 1 Shadl
J" 50: H. A. Ji A. 11. ' lowan,
$1; W. H. McM
The Jubilee finance committee stated
rday that the collection -it" be
. nd $12, had thus far
rted to It. Intimations have
pters at > arious times
that the possible caui f apparent
hesitation of San l o business
:;, coming forward with subscrip
ng of doubt as
to th" amount of funds necessary for a
bration. The amount which
: led upon ireful
. ation Is between $18,000 and $20,
test economy is b< Ing
11
and ;■ 1 plans i
tion.
The cxci utive committee has re I
a letter £r<>m Washington, I>. C, stat
ing that the commanding genera] of the
United States army of the Department
ilifornia had been ordered to have
salutes fired from the forts in San
Francisco harbor on January im. Pro
vided sufficient ammunition is avail
able thorf will be an exhibiton >>f heavy
ordnance by linns at some object iii
the bay.
Lieutenant L.. P. Roudies, U. S. A.,
lecided upon the following pro-
Ilitary .athletic events,
op n to members of the regular army
ami Of the National Guard, to bf> held
in Central Park on the afternoon of
January 26:
1, 100-yard dash; 2, 820-yard dash; z.
wall scaling, 10 feet; 4. shoe r. <<■.■; ;.. ro
lay race, 20 men t" <a. m team; 6, 120-yard
hurdle; T. hasty Intrenching; s, mounted
gymnastics No. l; 9, broadsword contest,
10, broadsword contest, Individual;
11, rescue rac< : i-'. mounted gymnastics
No. 2; 13, gun detachment contest; 14.
tent-pitching contest; 15, shelter tent
novelty; IS, retiring- sharpshooters; 17.
equipment race; I s - drivers 1 contest; 19,
potato race; 20, tug-of-war; n, 880-yard
run.
Entries are to be made to Lieutenant
Roudies, and will be closed at 12 o'clock
in on on January li».
In addition to the footbafl game be
tween the Regular Army and the Na
tional Guard, to be played at Centra!
Park on Tuesday, January 25, a bas--
K-iil match between the same organiza
tions is contemplated.
Mount Tamalpala Parlor Xo. C 4. N. S.
C. \V.. of San Rafael, Soa Point Parlor
No. IHS of Sausalito, and Nicasio Parlor
No. IS3 of Nicasio have Informed Grand
Marshal Morse that they will partici
pate In the parade as the joint parlors
Of Marin County. Together they will
turn out seventy-five or eighty-five
men. accompanied by a hand. Sequoia
Parlor No. 160 of San Francisco has
tendered the parade committee the use
of its band for the parade, and has of
fered its services in every way.
District Grand Lodge No. 4 of the
Independent Order of B'nai P.'rith has
informed the parade committee that its
grand president will recommend to the
Grand Lodse that the order participate
in a body. Should this course be de
termlned upon doubtless the members
will occupy carriages.
The cavalcade of ladies on horse
back who will accompany the Queen of
California on the Native Daughters'
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Tin fie- /? _
ndk jSTv stir,, , — »* e«
tffav.are /V\ s ft/-?/? / J7J 7 e««T
_«f s<4<cA<te
float are as follows: Alta Parlor, Mlsr
Mollie Brown and Miss Anni< % Brown;
Golden <;.n>' I'ari'ir, Miss May Hurko;
Alameda Parlor, mips FitzuT:i!<! and
Mrs. Frank Esmond, Mi.-s :
i air-. Mi--; Carrie Fltzpatrick; Dar
lles Parlor, Miss Rosa Belle Con
rad; Joaquln Parlor of Stockton, Mrs.
Carrie I.uvis Kerrick.
The riders will be dressed in white,
with yellow diagonal sashes, and will
ride on black horses.
The committee of fnf from each par
lor hu>- been appointed to procure of
ficial badges for the whole cavalcade,
two ladies have been appointed
aids to the grand marshal. They are
Misa Kellenberger of 2302 Encinal ave
nue, Alameda, and Miss Mollie Brown
of 1122 Pine street.
formal invitation to President
McKlnley inviting him t<> b<" present
at the celebration was forwarded to
Washington yesterday afternoon and
\\;is signed by Henry Lunstedt, i
tary of the executive committee, and
I", .r. Parsons, also of that committee.
The genera] meeting of th»> California
Schuetzen Club took place last night at
Eintracht Hall and the following of
ficers were elected t>> serve during the
ensuing year: Albert Ehrenpfort, pres
ident; A. Rahwyler, vice-president; O.
irer; William Nolden,
first secretary; Charles Sagehorn, sec
ond secretary; C. Weller, ilrst shoot-
Ing master; T. J. Carroll
ing master; Robert Langer, third
shooting master; William El
Ing, A L. < >tt. Rnan< mmit
'l Gumbel, ! n, Dr. P.
Muffe, trusi Philo Jacoby, F. A.
Kuhles, Otto Burmeister, John (Ttschig,
<>tt.. Bremer. L. < \ Babin. J>. W. Mc-
Laughlin, directors. The Calif
Schuetzen Club will participate in a
In i he Golden Jubilee.
THE CELTIC UNION.
The various Irish societies affiliated
■ the name of the Celtic 1
Ing at K. R. B. H
tak" action as to thr> coining Golden
Jubilei . There were large nun
■ :n the various .-. the
Red Branch, the K. R.
B. Rifles, Knights of St. Patrick, the
A. < '. 11. i Saelic Society, the Knlgl
Irish National Alliance, Tyrone,
magh and I Donegal Society,
• ty Lei trim > !lub, etc.
Colonel Thomas F. Barry, president
of the Celtic Union, was in the chair.
It was resolved that the various a
sion, that
each society in addition to the usual
ir a uniform badge, and that
■ . ■ rt of th*> i
ral speakers addressed
rh" meeting as to the advisability of
'■adi society turning oul its full mem
dip so .-is to show how apprecia
tive th-^ Irish people were of the mo
tives that inspired the celebration.
Will Arrange for a Parade.
A .1' Int meeting of the committ«^ ap
pointed by the Golden Jubilee I
mittee and the management of the
Mining Fair t<> arrange f< r the parade
on Saturday nipht. January 29, which
will Bignalize the closing of the jubileee
;i!..l the opening of the fair, was held
rday morning at the office of T.
1,. Ford.
It was decided that Colonel William
illivan Jr. would be asked to act
as grand marshal. Other requests of
similar character will also be mad-.
but as yel nothing definite can be said
. ■ v. ill take a controlling
influence in the fete.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Installation of th>e Officers of Ger-
rr)ania Lodge.
Germania Lodge of the Kr.in' I
donor publicly installed its officers last
r.if.'ht In t'.:" social hall of the Alcazar,
the officers being obligated by Grand
Dictator Archibald, assisted by T.
Learned, vice dictator; Thomas John
grand reporter, and P. K. Faulds,
grand ?rui<i>'. There were a great many
persons present including* a large num
ber of the lady friends of men
The new officers are: F. Koment, P.
!>.: X. Stelker, D.; H. A. Graff, V. I> :
X Mangels, A. D.; Charles Lackemann,
F. X.; J. A. Muller, 'i. R. Thremann,
C; J. Wrede, G.; F. A. Bdehlhop, guar
dian; W. Stern, sentinel; Theodore
Dierks, P, H. Maas and Louis Felling,
trustees. After the installation F. Ko
• an oration. Miss Louise
favored with a piano solo;
Mis* Lina Hachmeister sang the "An
gels' Serenade"; Mr. and Mrs. <;. Wid
der rendered the "Sanger's Fluch," af
ter which there was a dance. The af
fair was under the management of
charlc-s Drescher. C. Spiegel and W.
Wucherer, the committee of arrange
■
NEW TO-DAY.
GRATIFYING RESULTS.
INTERESTING EXPERIMENTS WITH THE
NEW STOMACH REMEDY.
Not a Patent Medicine, but n Safe Cure
for All Forms of Indigestion.
The results of recent investigation
have established beyond question the
great value of the new preparation for
Indigestion and stomach troubles; it is
composed of the digestive acids, pepsin,
bismuth, Golden Seal and similar stom-
achics, prepared in the form of 20-gram
lozenges, pleasant to the taste, conven-
ient to carry when traveling, harmless ;
to the most delicate stomach and prob- i
ably the safest, most effectual cure yet
discovered for indigestion, sour stom-
ach, loss of appetite and llesh, nausea,
sick headaches, palpitation of the heart
and the many symptoms arising from
imperfect digestion of food. They cure
because they cause the food to be
promptly and thoroughly digested be-
fore it has time to sour, ferment and
poison the blood and nervous system.
Over six thousand people in the State
of Michigan alone in 1894 were cured of
stomach troubles by Stuart's Dyspep- j
sia Tablets..
Full sized packages may be found at
all druggists at 50c, or sent by mail on i
receipt of price from Stuart Co., Mar- I
shall, Mich. Send for free book on
stomach diseases.
Pennyroyal pills
ENNYROYAL PILLS
P ,_^s»^v Orlgtn«l««d Oi-.ly Genuine. A.
V \m Drntfirt for ' Chtchester't gngliih l>ia£rs\
(f*\}Z*&!XSmo\I Brand la Rc4 and CoLi oieulilcVUßr
*tw — »»Vj*sboiM. snled with blue ribbon, 'fake VCT
■p*! *N»\t«j»Jnu other. Rtfiue dangtrvut luhttivu- V
I'/ ~ fw tions and imitation*. At Dra£gi*:i. or *cvd4«.
I W JJf It ft*mp> fur partlcaUn, mtimaalklA •«!
'«*■• D "Itnllcf for l,«dW" in letttr. b» r*tara !
•v {/ Mull. 10,000 TfftimoDUlt. Kmim .'aprr. j
■ """/ Cblrhc«t<Tl'ncml<»mlt.'<»..!Ma«ll»o« 1
*:J: J bi all Local linirr I'll 1 1.A I A.. fA,
HcMUHN'S a^nil lII
The para e««:ntlal extract from the native dni;». Con»
tains oil the valuable medicinal properties of Ov^iuna
•w-itiiout 'ts MKtOM elements. No sickness cf Btonmrh;
rvuTwiiilt.ntf ;no costiveueirs ; no All Drogxisto, !
j
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAKNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms TiOc to $1 BOday,
$5 in $<S week, JS to $30 month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room: fire grates In
every room: elevator runs all night. -----
NEW AMUSEMENTS.
ORFROIVJ O'FARRELL STREET,
UDLnUIN Near Stockton.
Grand Concert Every Evening by
CARL martens
And tne
COSMOPOLITAN ORCHESTRA. .-
NEW TO-DAY.
i &^^ —^w- -V
offers three virtues linked in one:
FRAGRANT,
CLEANSING,
PRESERVING
Properties.
Liquid and powder in the same package.
'•$ HALL is. RUCKEL
new YORK Propn LONDON
A sample of Sozodont and Soznderma
Soap for tlie postage, " cents.
I »«A
84 CANCERS CURED
-*Mli»J*lsl f^^ State of California,
jjSfcv X Bt^^^w' of San Fran-
f M J ■ ■'" ■ rr ' r - s - R -
C V tVi laßTßFrtff of 7!9 Mar-
V V lEu|^Hßl^^' kl ' : street personally
I .'' ?:^\^Ct vf^ •'<> pea red before me
** J$ rffi&&&*%L/& ami swears that ha
kHH^HwHHH^ i: c cured eighty-four
KB^ y ■ )'i''»rs during the
of 1*97. Some
i^--'3tT&s«.-f«;K3 were cured froe and
l^raS^?»S^**V^Bte^. otners were charged
'■■'*' S^mj^Br!^^ from $::. to $3<v), m-
JHI cordinjr to size.' He
yVC*^MB^ J H ill so swPiirs thnt lie
Sf C J 'ivf/ V llilF refused bh many
.. nMr^a-^"^ »St more cades, as they
were too far advanced to warrant a cure. He
swears his cash receipts for the year are $5200,
with a balance of over $1000 due. lie sends free
a 75-page book on cancers and tumors cured
without knife or pain. No pay until cured.
S. R. < HAMI.r.Y. M. D.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this Slat
day of December, 1897. A. J. HENRY.
Notary Public.
NEW TO-DAY—AMUSEMENTS.
?SIEDIAND£B GOITIOB a CP itssiis >«imii«
Every Evening:, Including Sunday.
"THrtT'S RIGHT."
WILLIE COLLIER
"THE MAN FROM MEXICO !"
Are Terrific HITS.
"77" LrtUGHS
In Every Act. and You'll Have to
"STAND UF»"
If You Don't Secure Seats Immediately, and
They're Sell Ins: Fast for
NEXT WEEK.
Good Reserved S~oat on Lower Floor, $1; Bal-
cony, ROc and 7.-.0. Special Matinee Prices.
Coming— 'THE GIRL FROM PARIS."
fRIEOIANDEB oCTTLGBaC°u&sus6nitiuun
Tel. No. 1731.
Up to and Including Next Sunday Night Only.
JOLLY NELLIE McHENRY
In Her Brilliant Comedy Success,
"A NIGHT IN NEW YORK !»
Next Friday Afternoon at 3:30— VILLA
■WHITNEY WHITE In Sons and Lecture Re-
cital.
EXTRA!
Next Monday Evening, January 14.
RICH AND HARRIS' Production of John J.
McNallv*s Farce,
"COURTED INTO COURT!"
Marie Dressier, John C. Rice and twenty
other favorites
Get together and we'll laugh In a bunch,
Seats ready to-morrow (Thursday).
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
MBS. Eknestin-e Kreliko, Proprietor & Manager
LAST NIGHTS!
Of Our Holiday Spectacle,
"MOTHER GOOSE
GRAND BALLETS— 3
Lots of New Songs, Dances and Specialties.
NEXT WEEK
"BRIAN BORU!"
A Romantic Irish Opera.
SEATS nova; ON S/\L-E !
Popular Prices 25c arjd 50c
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY SOCIETY,
FRITZ ECHEEL, MUSICAL DIRECTOR.
FOURTH CONCERT.
TiToli Opera-Honse. TO-MORROW AFTERNOON,
at 3:15 o'clock.
Programme: 1. Overture. "Im Herbst," Ed-
•ward Grieg. 2. "Abendlled." Robert Schu-
mann. 3. "Bal Costume." A. Rubinstein.
4. Symphony No. 6 (pathetlque), P. Tschal-
kowsky.
Prices, including reserved seat, Jl EO, $1 and
75c. Beats on sale at Tlvoll Opera-housa
Matinee To-Day— Wednesday— Jan. 12.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c. any part.
From the Foliea Bergeres, Paris, PAULO Ik
I IKA. eccentric vocalists. BARNEZ & RUS-
KELL. novelty sketch artists. LA PETITE
LUND, the Infant prodigy. PATRICE, sup-
ported by AT.X HAMPTON and J. F. WHIT-
BECK. Farnum Bros,, Kitty Mitchell. Ellnore
Sisters, Rombello and Musical Dale. Last
Three Nights of the BALLET SPECTACLE.
AT \jPi./*iJ\ Jb\ — — prices
t\l—4\JJr\£~4Jr\.r\ 15c. 25c, 35c. 50t
Every Niftht This Week at 8:15.
"ESMERALDA!"
1000 Nlght3 at Madison Theater, New Tork
City.
Beautiful Scenery! More Stage Effects'.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Week— bill. "A MAN'S LOVE"
and "FORBIDDEN FRUIT."
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Magnificent Production of Byron's Great Com-
edy Drama,
THE FIjT-nSTOEIR,
To be presented with the Strongest Cast and
the Best Scenic Effects ever wit-
nessed in this city.
Great Bank Robbery Scene.
GREAT RAILROAD SCENE WITH LOCO-
TIVE AND TRAIN.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Evening Prices, 10. 25, We.
HAVE YOU SEEN CHIQCITA?
Cuba's Atom! Smallest Woman on Earthi
She Is Undoubtedly the
SENSATION OF THE CITY!
Daily Receptions at the CHUTES
Afternoon and Evening.
RAIN OR SHINE.
lOc to all, including Vaudeville.
Children 3c.
RACING! RACING! . RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Mootinjr. IS'J7-98, Bcsrlnnln? MONDAY,
January 10 to January 22, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES .' 'II DAY.
RACES START AT 2:15 P. K. SHARP
Ferry Boats leave • San Francisco at 12 M
and 12:30, 1:00, 1:30, 2:00, 2:30 and 3 P. ll.*
connecting with trains stopping at the entrance
to track. Buy jour ferry tickets to Shell
Mound. ■ ■ ■
Returning— Trains leave the '.Track at 4:IS
and 4:45 P. M.. and immediately after the last
race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS . T R.. President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
BUSH-STREET THEATER. ■
The Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Companr,
WEDNESDAY EVENING. Jan. 12. by request
will be repeated -'UNSANO TOKEPF. Friday
and Sunday Nights, Jan. U and 16, "EZRA, THH
WANDERING JEW." Box office open dally
from 10 a. in. to 5 p. in-
78
THE SMART SET
FELL HEAVILY
Played Tea Rose to a
Standstill and May W
Romped in First.
Mistleton, Played Off the Boards,
Downed His Company
With Ease.
Four Favorites Defeated in Sloppy
Going at Oakland— Rut>icon
illy I_::n.leti.
It so happens lhat every now and
then the wisest of people around a
race track get fooled. It rained, and
tho track ai Oakland yesterday was
very sloppy. Starting in tho fourth
race was a cluster of fast ones, Includ
ing among- the list Tea Rose 11. May W
and Midlight. The Midlight people
did not fancy their mare enough to
back her and all agreed that it was a
"pipp" for Tea Rose. The coin poured
Into the books on her at the short price
of 4 to r. and 7 to 10. while the odds
ngrainst May W lengthened from 4 t<> 8
to i. At the post there was a lonp
delay. Ferguson taking as much care
of tho pour old mare Peril as though
sh» were a tender 1 to '.'• chance in
stead of a 100 to 1 shot. The delay
proved fatal t" the chances of the fav
orite. When Bent away, notwithstand
ing tho fact that she did not like the
going. May \Y ran tho legs off the lirst
choice and beat her in a gallop. Ac
cording to the I theory, differ
ent horses like different kinds of mud.
May W struck h^rs yesterday.
But two favorites won, but tho
pped awful hard over tho
victory of this pair. Mistletoe was
played down from G X" 2, and the money
went in on Rubicon as though it was
all over, and from tho way some of tho
horses behind him were ridden, it was.
Personne in the last number on tho
programme, lik>- the good
horse that he is. experienced one of
those thrills, romping away with his
field.
The Bier Brutus-Mistletoe colt, Mis
tleton, from the stable of Burns &
Wat« rhouse, was played down from 6 to
2 in the betting on the opening six
furlong: sprint for three-year-olds, and
won in a big gallop from Roulette
Wheel. The winner was ridden by
Thorpe. Mainbar was an indiiY
third.
Fourteen three-year-olds lined up in
the six-furlong dash that followed.
Schreiber's gelding. Dr. W.rrks. was
barked down to 3 to 2 favoritism, but
failed to get a mark. The 20 to 1 shot
Al Koran, with Spencer up, made most
of the running, and downed Abina at
the wire with ease. Moringa, at one
stap:^ of the betting 50 to 1. finished
in the show. Colonial Dame, b< ■• I
choice in the betting, came fast the
last part.
Tom Griffin's Rubicon took th» mil°
run from Double Quick, Paul < Irises
and four others in a walk. He waa a
7 to 10 choice in the betting, and waa
played to a standstill. Double Quick,
with 124 pounds in the Baddle, Becured
the place from the gray horse, Paul
Oriess. Newsgatherer ran a miserable
rare.
Ixmnie Clayton pot home In front for
the first time sine« his arrival here,
astride Argentina, which, with Sly. rul
ed equal choices in the betting in the
fifth event and seven Furlong selling
affair. Il> beat the gate and was nev
er headed, downing Osric TI at th<* wire
with ease. Earl Cochron, a rank out-
Blder, was third.
With Bernardillo scratched from the
last event, over one mile and a six
teenth, decided under selling conditions,
Tom Ryan's Sir Dilke was made a 4-to-
R favorite. He displayed spasmodic
hursts of speed, and finally brought up
In second nlace behind Personne. play
ed down from 4 to 3 to 1. Cromwell
made the pace for part of the distance,
•when the winner took the lead and
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLU B--Oakland Track-Slxtv-second day
■ of the Winter Meeting. Tuesday, January 11. 189 S. Weather
rainy. Track muddy.
416.
maiden three-year-olda; i>un.>-, MS).
■
■ V.m.
V,l7i.
346 Mlstleton 112 3 ... i h I', 1 » 18 Thorpe 6 2
B*2 Roulette Wheel 107' 2 ... 2 2 2h 2»i 2h Clayton 3 4
•38fi Malnhar 12214 ... 72 514 4 2 324 ! Rpenc*r 1 S
.V,<! Brambella 117 1 ... 3 \ ■ 3 4 3 2 4 3 B. Jones ! 10 12
32." Itose Maid 107? a ... Eh Sh «3 B.h IVan Kuren I S 7
399 The Dipper ...12219 ... » 114 7h 7h 614 Henneaay ....I 3 4
"'" For*=Ft Guard ... 109! S ... sm fi 34 5h 712 Btevena .. I "0 M
227 Be Happy 117;l0 ... 10 10 10 Sh IFroeman . I 20 30
2™ " cn J". y , C I? 2' 7 ... 4 h lh 81 .9 20 IShleldH I 10 20
a36OVr.-aMcHugh?....:...322| 6 .^_ I ■■■■ 3 1 9 3 10 ! C Sloan 115 20
Time. 1:16%. Winner, Burns & .' terhouse'a eh. c. by Imp. Brutus-Mistletoe Perfect
<=tart. Won pasily. ; '
4\T KECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling:; three-year-oltfs; purse. J350.
■
! ,m."
I 11
Tli .
:r.
'•
845 Al Koran .. 1161 7
357 Albina in?.! r.
322 Morin^a 10T.I 1
409 Dr. Marks 113] 1
199 Colonial Dame ....11! 11
143 I>ee Kylo (Kylee).".ll3l 8
?2fi El M.r.i 11«: 9
rtr,6 Glenower 1 or, ! 1 4
137 Macnus 113 3
?M Miss Alii ■• 111! 5
... Pan 1 >urang . ... 10-112
32*5 Little T. G... 111! 2
887 Rosa in-i'io
114 On Gua X Ita 11l 1 1 3
4 4
5 3
fi h
:■ h
12 4
1: I
S 2
M h
7 h
2 h
9 n
1 h
13 li
14
1 1
4 1
E h
fi b
5 2>4
B 2
10 2
11 1
t!3 2
2 h
n 2
I h
7 2
14
1 1% Bpenoer 1
2 2 '.Tones
8*; Devln
4 h Thorpe
s»i iCCofmor
t: 2 IMeDonaM ...
7 h Hennessy v ....
8 3 iPtevens
9 1 IHobart
10 2 C. Sloan
11 4 Van Kuren...
12 3 iKerrin
II 10 H. O'Connor.
14 IMcGlnn
8
' 7
50
f.-2
5-2
I 60
6
IS
&0
3
I
I 20
' M
I 20
20
<i
20
3-2
6-2
8
M
M
U
10
n
W Wirl! '<' r . At hy imp. Duncombe-by Cos*. Good itart.
418 TIIIU " I:A ' l: One mile; four-yea r-clda and m-ward: pone, 1400.
■
■eight. ISt.
.
-■
4ns Rubicon, a 114! 3
(335) Double Quick. 5.. 1241 2
3*7 Paul GriBTKS, i 109! 5
41 I New : ■-■ therer C 116 1
410 Out*o, C 50Ci 0
... Gallant, 6 121! 1
276 Don Daniel, 5 106) 7
2n 2 1
In 1 h
4*i ' 4 5
3 '.4 3 n
6 r> C 20
r. 2% 5 y.
7 7
2 n
1 ;
.1 n
4 12
6 m
( IS
-7
; 1 1_
1 m 12 Thorpe 7-10 7-10
224 ; v IShields'- 10 20
3 '!4 3*i Gray 4 7 . 2
4 6 4 »i fC. Sloan 1 4 :■-.--. s
5 2 • B M Van Kuren... to ro
6 6 f, 13 Jenkins CO 100
7 7 Stevens ) CO 100
■tart! m Won 6 Vinn< ' ' U Urn 3" rn3 * Waterhou " e ' s «*• c. '■>' imp. Brutus-Mistletoe. Perfect
419. FOURTH [RACE-Sl* furlongs; fillies and mares three ye~ars* old and upward-
Index: ' Hofsps» WelKlit.jSt. Urn. Hn7 %nT str Fin. j Jockeys. — — cT
inner.
& Wate.-hou^e's oh. c. by Imp. BrUtua-lfiaUet
Perfect
Urn.
r.
M May W. 1...... 104 3 ... 21 ih In 11 Morse ~* I
(3?3) Tea Rose 111, 4 89 2 ... 1% i" 2 3 2 2<4 sZ.r' 4*- in
(357) Midlight. 4 101 1 ... 424 S4 3 214 *«0 TW^ «"* £J2
iSl£S£££i Sli - ?h? h 4 J 4 ' ■* IRES. ::::::: '2 -55
s? mi February/ 4.. ... .;.-;. 96 4 ... .5 - S 5 5 IMcXichols ... so CO
Won rl «Hily. :15 ' 4 ' TVinrlCr ' D " Cameron ' s V- by imp. Eagle Plume-Frloia. Fair start.
Time, 1:15'
Won easily.
420* FIFTH RACB Beven r »rtong«: sellins; Coar-year-oMa and upward; purse. $400.
'eight. |:
,!!!
: w iiH .& iff* infest TTi
(378) Faahion Plate, 4...! 86 3 6h 61% 6h 4« tft tttXnl c I
SraHSn^^S J£ £ n 11 °7 «^ 100 200
«o Charlie Relf, 4 iw|j 8 8 _ __* 8 [*£ Spen°eT T" £• ,}
Time, 1:»K- Winner. E. X Baldwin's p.m. by Oano-DoUle I* fair start. Won eaally.
421. 'S, %of : " : "' and a Blxteenth ■■■»! felUB,; four-yields and upward;
1.
r.
406 Personne, 4 104 4
32S Sir Dilke,.s [OS 1
308 Cromv.-ell. , i 105 2
406 Collins. ( 100 a
(394) Song and Dance, a.lOG] 5
2 h
5
1%
3 h
4 M
2 2
3 h
1 h
4 h
I
1 h
1 2V4
2 2>i
6
4 n
1 n
1 i
2 1.4
6
_ 4 _H
SSS
2 h
3 7
4 5
5
* iiurpe ••••••.
Conley
Klley
Gray
4 3
4-5 0-10
10 15
4 S
6 7
I Spencer
Time, 1:51. Winner, 1.. H. Ezell'g b. sr hv
rasily.
OiFPla. Good start. Won
won in a common ranter. Cromwell
showed improving form, finishing a
close third.
Track Items.
7'he California Jockey Club baa set Its stakes
i in on the following dat
Monday, I-Vlmiary 7 -The K.-ilar.sbee Handi
cap' for all ages; seven furlongs.
Wednesday, February a— r i'h.> Kmeryviilp
Handicap: all aces: one ;m<l an eighth mile*.
Saturday, February 12— The Flirtation stakes;
ror thrce-jear-oM fillies; Mx and ■ half fur
longs. The Gunst stakes; all uses; one and a
sixteenth miles.
Wednesday, February 16— The Oakland
Handicap; all ages; one and a quarter miles.
Saturday, February I*— The Elmwood stakes:
for two-year-olds; half a mile. The Thornton
stakes: four miles.
Monday. March The Cadmus stakes: three
year-olds: one mile.
Wednesday . March 9— The Rancfco del Paso
Handicap: three-year-olds; one mile.
Saturday. March 12— The Racing stakes: two
year-olds; half a mile. The Baldwin Hotel
Handicap: all seres: one mile.
Wednesday, March 16— The Kan Pablo celling
stakes: three-year-olds: seven furlongs.
Saturday. March The Flying stakes; two
year-old fillies: hnlf a mile. The Pacific Union
stakes: all apes: one and an eighth miles.
Monday. April The Alameda Handicap: all
apee: ore mile.
Wednesday. April 6— The Waterhouse stakes;
two-year-olds: four tinrt a half furlongs. i
Saturday, April ■ The General Arthur
stakes; two- year-olds: four and a half fur
longs. The Hums Handicap; all aces; one and
a quarter miles.
Wednesday, April The Gebhardt stakes;
two-year-olds; five furlonfrs.
Saturday. April The Candelarla Handicap:
two-year-olds; five furlong* The Palace Hotel
Handicap; all nges: me and an eighth miles.
ENTRIES V< >H T* (-DAY.
First — Five and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and up; sell'*»ic.
ST.2 Red Bird V '*•■ Heritage 102 :
827 Nervula 1' »S Mt Roy 102
314 Fannie B If 554 Lillian M 100
314 Cap! Rees IOS ... HotxMlnk 1O."> i
... Restless 101 ... In Ki.ntern. . ion •
... Pooladaln M 2MO Dolor* I'M
... Pollock l":' 3",2 Voragiia 107
... Torpedo 1« M Pky niuc 102
22 The Gossip 10i| 147 Spry Lark 100
fiO Red Spinner.... llS
Second Race — Five ."il a half frulongs; four
year-olds and up; sell'iir.
iris Distinction li HI Lucky Star 102
400 Our Climate V ISS Koenlpen 100
(321>(l"Fle<>ta 10! 187 Roadwarmer ...MS
527 Sea Spray 1"! 4"2 .T;ick Martin 102
?.?1 Monitor 10- 1 «9 February 106
$87 Easel ion (Chappie 10'J
351 Judire Stouffer..lo2 419 Peril 100
SS2 Emma 1> .. 105
Third Race-Seven furlongs; selling ; three
>ear-oi«js.
878 T.-nrica 102 1 404 Duke of York ll. ins
(W4)Tmperi.-.us 107!(40<*1R.->nlta 101
■• irlnel 105 ?.S4 Tiger Lily . io;
592 Attainment 101 892 Towanda 101
Fourth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds:
Lissak Stakes.
"f'3 C unt Flan4era.ll7| 414 St. Calatlne 112
irWHTraverser 117|n"K)Col. Dan 107
(4«4)lmperlous .. SH> rtfiO St. Angelo M
414 Dr. Sharp 107] MS Linstock .... £".)
Fifth Race — One mile; selling; four-year-olds
and up.
415 Serena 9" '-..trland Barr...lor>
415 Perseus •■<: CS77)Caah Day 10*3
(4'>fi)Souffle 104
Sixth Rare — Five and a half furlongs; sell
ing; four-year-olds and up.
256 Plumeria 10.". f 420 Sly 100
(397)T0^10n 10T 410 Kaiser Lulwlg..llO
... Anna Mayo* ....10C 371 Scotch Rose.... IOC
382 Major Cook r.T.107 <226) R. Q. Ran 110
3W I Don*t Know ■ . 896 Walter J 110
352 Geo. Miller . 112 i
SELECTIONS FOR TO-PAY'S RACS&
First Race — Polore. Fannie E. Mount Roy.
Second Race— Koenigen, Monitor, Judge
Stouffer.
Third Race— lmperious. Attainment, Morinel.
Fourth — Dr. Sharp. Count of Flanders,
Traverser.
Fifth Race— Cash Pay. Souffle, Perseus.
Sixth Race— Scotch Rose, Flumeria, I Don't
Know.
STROH THE BURGLAR.
His Preliminary Examination Com-
menced Before Judge Con'an.
.The preliminary examination of
Adam Stroh. th;- burplar captured at
Geary and Franklin streets on Christ
mas night after an exciting chase over
the housetops, was commenced b I
Judge Conlan yesterday morninp.
only three witnesses were examined,
\vh' j n a continuance was ordered till
Friday. The witnesses were Charles
S. Hi< r. the owner of the h<nis-» en
tered by Stroli; Mary Kennedy, the
servant pirl whose Jewelry was stolen,
and Maggie McKenzie.
Th<- charge of assault to murder
against Stroh for shooting Baldwin
Gardiner, the stockbroker, will In all
probability be dropped, as it would be
put in as a defense that Frank Mur
phy, the patrol wagon driver, fired the
shot.
Crowleys Denial-
Policeman J. .T. Crow ley is not afraid of
any charges that William fiflmnr«» may
brinp ntrain^t him before the Police Com
missioners. He denies having us.-d n Hub
upon (iilnmrf or having handcuffed him.
and he says that Gilmore got Ms broken
nose by falling over the railroad truck
the nifjht previous to his ;im-' .
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JAXUARY 12, 1898.
TO GO THROUGH
GOLDEN GATE
Thousands Bound for the
North via San Fran
cisco.
Splendid Work of the Alaska
Trade Committee in
Chicago.
Orand Receptions Given to Those
Who Managed tho Ex
hibit Car.
C. H. Holbrook Jr. and L,. R. Hare
of this city have Just returned from a
trip to Chicago, where they went in the
Interests of the Alaska trade commit
tee. Their mission was that of advance
agents of the special San Francisco and
Klondike car that the committee sent
to the great city by the lake. As such
apents they went ahead and notified
the people that San Francisco was
sending to the East a car laden with
everything In the way of food, provi
sions and clothing that those who in-
BOYS' BARBED WIRE TELEPHONE LINE OF ALTAMONT.
. tend K'>in£ to the far north will re
quire, ami these, too, at price* thai can
not he equaled in any <>tht-r <'ity in the
Union. In communities already in
flamed with the gold fever this news,
ito say nothing "t the Cad that Ban
: Francisco is the best outfitting i>««rt on
the coast, caused ;>n Intense exclte
; tnent akrag the line >>( the railroad. I'.y
the time the car arrived at the various
cities large crowds were ready t
i the travelers and inspect the exhibits.
Borne little Idea <>f tht- Interest may
i lie obtained from the remarks of Mr.
Hare and Mr. Btolbrook. The latter
said: "It would lie surprising to the
folks of this city If they could have
seen the way the people along the lin"
of the railroad turned out to meet us.
At Ogden Mayor 11. if. Spencer select
ed a committee of twenty-live of the
leading citizens nnd came down to the
car, which tlvy Inspected with the
greatest >>f Interest. Th^ party had
lun'-h in the tar, and speeches were
made by every "ie- One of the most
: pleasant features of the trip was the
way we were met in Cheyenne. Qov
ernor Richards of Wyoming came on to
I that city and met th» party, which es
corted us to Denver, Colo., after mak
ing us ihink that we owned the whole
of Wyoming.
"At Denver he turned as over to May
or McMurray and Oovernor Adams of
Colorado. These two officials wen
comi>anied by a committee of twenty-
Bye representative dtlsens, who did
all they r<ml'l to make "iir stay pleas
ant. Hut all this time you must re
member we were not hobnobbing with
officials exclusively, for the car was
filled wherever it stopped with those
Who contemplate poinß to th»> Klon
dike. They came to us by the hun
dreds, and the committee, Ms «'is it
was, had nil it could do answering
questions about the <-ost of necessary
articles for the far north, the rates of
transportation, and a thousand and
one other questions that deeply inter
ested parties would naturally ask.
"Ex-Governor Sheakley. who was in
charpe of the car. did not have time to
get the rest he required, s .> busy was
he discussine; the merits of Han Fran
cis, 'o as an outfitting poin< for the
north. In every place he stopped he
delivered lectures, and his remarks
were listened to with the keenest of
interest. The experience in one place
was the experience in ail. Why, the
people would come for hundreds of
miles around, for we had advertise^
the mrning of the car, to see. hear and
question.
"At last the car reached Chicago and
the exhibits were installed in the bu
reau prepared, which from morning
until ni£rht was filled with mm who
will go to the Klondike. Seattle and
Taooma were there wi 1 1> their bureaus
three months ahead <■? us and Port
land two months, Vancouver and Vic
toria arriving about the time we did.
They were not in it, so to j=peak. Our
bureau drew the crowds, and they were
not a little jealous of our success. <'hi
cago is the center of the East, and no
matter which way the Easterner poes
he will start from Chicago, and thore
we have made a decided hit. Of the
nine railroads leading out of that city
five are in favor of landing their pas
sengers in San Francisco."
Mr. Hare in speaking of the Jealousy
of the northern competitors for the
Alaska trade said that the arrest of ex-
Secretary Carman was the petty way
they took to throw discredit on the en
!■ rprise of the Ban Francisco mer
chants. "It was a miserable blackmail
ing job from the start." said he. "Mr.
Holbrook and I stayed with Mr. Car
man and when the case against him
came up for trial the judpe threw it
out of court and denounced the per
sons who caused Mr. Carman's arrest.
Ho dismissed the other charges at
once.
"Too much cannot be said of the
splendid reception our party received in
every place at which we stopped. The
newspapers gave us columns of write
up and not n e but what spoke in
praise of tho merits of the poods we
bad to display and the advantages of
Pan Fn ncisco as the outfitting port of
the Pacific. Just you wait until spriner.
This city will sco one of the greatest
rushes that tho world has witnesse i
the days of '4:». and the merchants
who started tho movement of adver
tising this city in this manner will reap
a golden reward.**
While at Omaha the party received a
proposition which they are strongly in
favor of having adopted. Tho Trana-
Mississippl International Exposition
will begin in June and last until No
vember. Tho Governor of Nebraska
qrged the gentlemen to do all in th.-ir
power to have the managers of the
! ■■ .'. golden jubilee Bend the exhibit
to that city, and promised that every
consideration would be shown to the
Californlans. This State and Arizona
are tho only ones in the Union not rep
resented nt tho big: exposition. It is
ANEW corporation has been
formed in the little town of
Altamont In this State, and for
want of a better name has been
called the Altamont Barbed Wire
Telephone Company. limited.
The projectors, builders and directors of
the concern nro four brothers, Jesse.
Chester, Archie and Guy Young, and the
inventive genius which has created on
Edison, a Bell and a Morse has raised
Altamont out of the ordinary and
perched her on. the topmost rung of
the progressive ladder, and to-day that
little burp is the proud possessor of the
most unique private telephone service
that can probably be found in the world.
It is, as the name of the corporation
Implies, nothing more nor less than an
ordinary barbed - wire telephone line,
which Is operated by the above-named
young men It took them just three
hours to get it In satisfactory working
order, and for simplicity of construction
and effectiveness of results stands with
out a peer In the annals of telephonic
history. This fence runs along a stretch
Of farming land for a distal! of three
miles from the home of the Youngs to
that of a relative. The top wire on the
fence is connected with the transmitter
in each house by means of copper wire,
and the transmission of sound is effected
by a magnetic battery inclosed in a
small walnut box attached to the wall
at each end of the line. By turning a
crank a bell Is rung which calls up tho
desired party, and an ear trumpet an
swers the purpose for both listening and
talking. The boys say that" weather
conditions do not seem to affect this in
genious contrivance, and one can hear
as plainly over the crude arrangement of
wires as he can over the most elaborately
constructed telephone line. It was a
Christmas present to the. parents from
their boys and was a great surprise to
the former when they witnessed its
practical illustration for the first time.
The leading spirit in the whole affair
was Archie Young, who, without any
previous mechanical or electrical knowl
edge except such as he had acquired
believed that nearly r.,000,000 people will
be at that gathering.
THE RUSH BEGINS.
Steamers Sailing for Alaska
Loaded With Freight and
Passengers.
The tone of the visitors who called
at the Alaska Trade Committee Bu
reau i!« taking a more positive tone
every day. It is not that of curiosity
so much as a desire to inform them
selves accurately about the require
ments of the trip to the Klondike. In
the smth.' way the proportion of por-
uh>. haTC positively decided to go
to the Yukon is Increasing, and the
records of the office show from day t i
day that the rush to the gold fields is
growing steadily larger. The demand
for all kinds of printed matter is sur
prising and not only over the counter.
but by mailed request. One caller yes
terday from San Jose who is now in
the city looking up the matter of out
fitting and transportation for a party
of fifty men from San Jose Bald that
all th.-ir plans were completed to sail
from this city in the latter part of Feb
ruary, and it only remains for the
party to lay in its supplies. Anoth.-r
party of ten from Alameda was In
specting the exhibit and is making ar
rangements to leave this city about the
first of March. There is an especially
active demand for information about
Alaaka matters from all the mining
Stat. R and Territories of the Rocky
Mountain region from Arizona and
New Mexico to Montana, and in near
ly every instance the writer says that
he is spokesman for a party ranging
from two to ten persons.
Walter J. Scammel. who went East
with the San Francisco exhibit to Chi
cago, returned to the city on Monday
evening. lie says that the Chicago of
fice is located m«fst advantageously,
and is now in full running order. In
bis opinion, the office under Governor
Sheakley's charge is doing splendid
work for San Francisco, and is divert
ing much of the travel that would oth
erwise go north to this city.
The City of Puebla sailed yesterday
mcrning with every berth taken. Near
ly all of her passengers were bound for
Alaska, w that persons now in Port
land and Seattle who are looking for
transportation to Dyea and Skaguay
will find themselves crowded out. This
illustrates what the steamship compa
nies have said from the start. Passen
gers and freight from San Francisco
are booked through for T\vea and Skag-
Uay, and the unoccupied space, if thf>re
is any wh-n the vessel sails from this
port. Is wired on to the sound ports. In
this way those cities only have the seo
ond best chance to send passengers or
merchandise north.
A Sovereign Remedy.
iTi-arnprp <v>UKhOure.l <]n*p vriU stop
cough; never falls; 25c; all druggists. •
IN THE REALTY
BROKERS' REALM
Business Seems to Grow
Livelier After the
Holidays.
The Inquiry Continues Fair
for City and Country
Property.
Building Affaire Rather Quiet—Re
view of the Records and
Handom Notes.
Now that the holidays are over and
business has settled down into its
usual routine the world of real estate
has partly s-haken off its lethargy and
gives Pipns of springing? into vigorous
lif<*. It may take some time for things
i" assume what may }>•■ termed a lively
t, hut the dealers are confident
that that period will he reached not
very lonp after the exorlus to the Klon
dike in the spriiiß commences.
Building matters are still rather
quiet There is now some demand for
from his own personal observation, plan
ned the clever Idea and carried It to a
successful issue.
By this achievement the social ques
tion may he said to have been satisfac
torily solved in Altamont. for by an ex
tension of the system the Isolated fami
lies In the surrounding 1 country can com
municate with one another at will, and
this convenience can be fully appreciated
only by those who live in farmhouses
that are far away from any human hab
itation. In fact, It will enable those
families to keep In closer touch with one
another and the social amenities can be
better preserved thereby, for any one
can possess a telephone line at a nominal
cost wherever there are barbed-wire
fences. Nothing but the price will pre
vent a chap from having an independent
line to hi 3 sweetheart's house and carry
ing on his lovemaking through that me
dium, and when the supreme moment of,
■wiring for her hand has arrived he can
safely do so by telephone. It is said
that all the barbed-wire fences through
out that country ■will be pressed into
service by the amorous youth for pur
poses of courting:
"What broad, beautiful avenues of re
lief from the proverbial soulless] corpora
tions ore opened up by the adoption of
the barbed-wire telephone service? No
more will man be subject to the baneful
influence of the exasperating nickel-In
t he-slot attachments. He sb<aH now
free himself from the tyranny of the
fickle telephone girl, who readily gives
the required number when your business
with the other party is of no importance,
but always tells you the line is out of
order when you calculate to make as
much as a dollar and a quarter on a cer
tain proposition if you could only get
the ear of the other fellow. It has moved
the spirit of Altamont's best poet (who
desires to remain incog for the time be
ing), who was evidently a victim of the
machinations of the aforesaid telephone
girl, to exemplify in verse one of the
evils of the metropolitan telephone sys
tem as follows:
No more our ears will be assailed
By those Md words which Klve us pain,
Whon we have dropped our nlckle In
"Th€ line is busy — call apaln."
city residence and business property,
while a fair inquiry is heard in regard
to country lands, especially for stock
farms.
The largest sale of the week, and, In
fact. the largest occurring for- some
time, was that of the property on the
southwest corner of Powell and E!!is
Streets by the Auzerais estate to Cap
tain ESde, the price being $1f>2.000. This
transaction was fully noted In The
Call at the time.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag have recently
bought for A. P. Le Count of Alameda
Coombs & IJohrer's four story brick
building in Chicago for a reported price
of $140,000. It is expected that the sell
•rs will invest in property in this
Slat".
The following interesting facts, of
moment to property holders, are taken
from the Real Estate Record, pub
lished monthly by G. 11. Umbsen &
Co.:
There were 377 loans. In the form of
mortgages or deeds of trusts made during
December. They amounted to $1,031,551. a
Rood monthly average, with the Hlbernia
Hank a long way In the lead. The re
leases were 222 In number and $890,840 in
amount. At present the tendency is to
increase Indebtedness on San Francisco
realty, as money is plentiful and borrow
ing is encouraged. Bank rates remain at
7 and i.'._. per cent, the mortgage tax of
$2 CO being included, while large private
capita] is content to obtain 6 per cent on
first-class security. The future course
of the savings banks is looked forward to
with much curiosity, as while the margin
between the interest rates and the mort
gage tax is small, the pressure of loan
money is very great with some of them.
According to Magee's Real Estate Cir
cular, 3215 sales of city property were
made in 1897, of the total value of $12-
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS
During the week fifty-nine mortgages
aggregating $313,992, were recorded. For
the same period the releases numbered
thirty-four, amounting to 5114.955. The
following were the principal mortpases:
«?^V Israel AV nh J? to Joseph and Jennie
Bastheim Abraham and Rebecca A!t
mayer, 161,000 for one year, at 6tt per
cent, on property on the south line of
Hayes street, 100 east of Van Ness
avenue. 136x156; Hibernla Bank to Robert
l!ii;mns. 19800 for one year, at CU ncr
cent, on property on the west line of Mis
sion street, 135 no th of Nineteenth.
■Jjj and west line of Mission. 217:;. south of
Twenty-Hrst 28:3^x90: same to Rob
ert A. McLean. 515.000 for one year
at h per cent. on property on
Broadway _ and Broderick street and
Broadway and Devisadero street-
Humboldt Bank tO Anthony and Cathe
Dwyer, $34,000 for one year, at 7 per cent
on property on the southeast corner of
1 ..ik and Post streets. CC:lo3ixl2o- Hiber
nia Bank to Mary A. S. Keyser. $7000 for
one year at 6Vi per cent, on property on
the north line of Ellia street XT •« east of
Jones Kx137:6; same to Alfre.i m.r n .
Fannie K. Kelly. 10000 for one year at 6H
per cent, on property on the west line of
1.ey«5. v 1..r.. street. k:Vi south Clay
P \U^r Same to Mary A " O'Sulllvan
<78 - 000 for one year, at f.i, per cent, on
The Perfume of Violets
Si? X? I **? °J l . he Hly • the low of th roe
and the flush of Hebe combine in Pozzoni
wondrous Powder. «*«v/«»
property on the north line of Bush street,
137:6 '-ast of Montgomery, 68:9x137:6; same
to Flora Caro, $10,000 for one year, at 6>i
per cent, "in property on the north line
of Rush street, 97:6 west of Dupont. 20x
137:6; same to Anna M.. Jennie. Helen.
James R. and Emma McElroy, $21,500 on
property on the southeast line of Minna
street. 146:6 southwest of Tenth. 80x80,
and southeast line of Mission, 146:6 south
west of Tenth. 80x160; same to Anna M.
Tobbenboske, $6000 for one year, at 6£
per cent, on property on the south line
of Pacific street, 171:10% west of Gough,
68:9x127:8%.
The following releases were for com
paratively large amounts:
Prom A. B, McCreary to X. J. Rrittan.
$2i)/xhi on property on the northwest line
of Mission street, 27.". northeast of Eighth.
51x165; Israel I'ahn to Joseph Rasthoim
and Abram Altmayer, $61,800 on property
on the south line of Hayes street. 100
east of Ya:i X> is avenue. 136x155; Hiber
nia Rank to John G. W. SchUlte, $'5500 on
property on the northeast corner of Scott
and Haight streets. 137:6x137:6.
NOTES AT RANDOM.
George A. Raymond, the roal estate
agent, has removed from 314 California
Street to 210 Sansome.
Jnhn A. Wrisrht has been givon a certi
ficate of redemption by the State on the
rty on thi' north line of Washing
ton street. 137:6 east of Ruchanan.
Shalnwald, Buckbee & Co. will hold a
probate auction sale on the 35th Inst.
The vestry of St. Luke's Church desires
to begin building as soon as the weather
will permit. Ten plans have been sub
mitted already, and the selection fa to
be made by a committee of six. of whom
the most prominent members are Bishop
Nichols, Rev. l>r. Moreland and Senior
Warden A. X. Drown. •
The third annual report of the Progress
Mutual Loan Association shews that its
assets amounted t<> 152,360 79, in part
made up of mortgage loans of $47,120. real
$4657 and arrears of $463 so, of
which (354 75 has been paid since the
closing of the books, leaving the actual
arrears $100 05. The principal items of
liabilities are the first series of stork.
$?,4.42r. 80; the second, $2013 %: the third.
11683 45; Investment stock, J7"' Y >; due to
treasurer, 56937 72. The officers am: Presi
dent, E. K. Chapman; vice-president, P.
H. Kichbaum; secretary, D. Hirsehfeld
treasurer, Daniel Meyer.
As soon as the Clunie building or old
Stevenson block is finished the State
Jnsurunce Department will be moved into
Last Friday evening the stockholders
or the San Francisco and Oakland Mu
tual Loan Association held their annual
meeting:, at which Secretary Andrea Sbar-
Doro read his ninth annual report The
number of shares was given at 3093 The
first series of stock has reached a valua
tion of $150 7-1. and the last, issued a year
ago is now worth $12 75. The new board
of directors was selected as follows-
President. Thomas J. Welsh? vice-pre^:
dent. Charles A. Malm: secretary a
Sbarboro; attorney, D. Freidenrlch- ■ 'and
in addition to the first four named gen
tlemen. G. B. Cevasco, R. Doyle O de
Luca. James H. Barry and F."\\\ Seibel
as directors. cluei
NEW TO-DAY.
MEN CALL WoSIirrMYSTEKYi ;
tSo Sho Ib to Them— Not bo to a "Woman.
So She is to Them— Not so to a "Woman.
A Woman's Knowledge Saves Mrs. Ebbert From an Operation*
y A woman understands women as a man never can hopo
to. For this reason Mrs. Lydia E. Pinkham. of Lynn,
lass., now known all over the English-speaking world,
set to work to help her sex.
mfo After long and patient investigation, Mrs. Pinkham
Pg confirmed her own conclusions, namely: that seven-
|^ — -* eighths of the sufferings of women are due to dis-
gnfe orders of the uterine system. Reasoning on this line,
V she saw that the only preventive of early breaking
down, was a specific medicine which would act;
• -, alone on the female organism.
This was why she prepared her excellent Vegetable Compound, which
has been such a boon to thousands and thousands of women. If you have
headaches chiefly at the top of the head, and are troubled by painful menstrua-
tion, dizziness, sleeplessness, backache, and that bearing-down feeling, Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will tone up your whole system. Mks. Chas.
D. Ebbert, 330 Wood St., Reading, Pa., testifies to the * I^*^-.
great power of the Compound. J^zfj^jzr^l*.
"Mrs. Pinkham — I en v. say that your medicine has cured /■^^~ t ~-^S^^ i
me of the pains and troubles which I had. My case was J^-. *<S^fiy
a very bad one, and puzzled the doctor. My womb had *§£BT£^ fcflSfc.
fallen and I had terrible pains in my back and hips. *§{% •^* r Allan)
I could hardly walk. My husband went to our fain- /^t^P^^\T-i>^^^^^*>
ily doctor, and he prescribed medicine for me, but <te^.^3MsWC JhSmßSi Vi^*\
I found no relief, and grew worse instead of better. \l 'awsßs ' **S«li3sl i^4 '
The doctor examined me and wanted to perform an ' s=3jPa?> JftilPi^*
operation, but my husband would not consent. s t -eino-?<3|BB^B jUP-Hr'
the advertisement in the paper, 1 got a bottle of Lvdia iliiieSto ~WT^ *N
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and before I had *&*
taken half of the second bottle, I felt like a new wo- * • *
man. In all I have taken four bottles of your medicine, and can say that 1. m
entirely cured. I hope that every woman suffering as I did, will follow mv »A
nee and take your medicine at once." "v aa *
\^A\Pm\ f )m\Alm v ."patents^
I*m Mtii€lit\it lftlm *1 1 \BS/330 MARKET ST. S.f!^SS^
CAUGHT IN AN
ELEVATOR SHAFT
L. Siegel, a Metal Worker, Hurt
in the Claus Spreckels
Building.
He Was Attempting to Fix a Defeo
tive Elevator Door When
Injured.
Ludwigr Siegel, a metal worker, In the
employ of the California Art Metal
Company, at 30 First street, had his
risrht log fractured at the thigh and
suffered numerous other bruises in an
accident in the Claus Spreckels Build
ing about 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon.
Siegel and a boy helper were sent by
the company to put up the metal di
rectory frames on the different floors
of the building. They were to put up
one on each floor on the wall opposite
the elevator entrances.
Siegel, while working on the tenth
f.<*>r, noticed that the sliding door to
the middle elevator shaft there creak
ed considerably, and, although not
there for that purpose, decided to fix it.
He swung the doors open and stepped
into the shaft, standing upon a huge
iron crossbeam. The position was a
dangerous one had the elevators not
been running, but Siege! took the risk
and went to work. He had his boy
helper call out to him whenever an ele
vator was approaching, and he would
swing himself clear of it out over the
shaft. In this way he worked upon the
creaking door for about fifteen min
utes, when, needing a tool which he had
left upon the floor above, he sent the
boy after it. and continued his work,
watching the ascending and descending
elevators himself.
In some manner he became confuser^.
and when the elevator on the far easi.
side of the building was descending he
swung over to the right to avoid it. and
was caught by the swiftly ascending
middle elevator whioh was coming up
at that moment, and was jammed be
tween the cage and the outer frame
work.
Siegel uttered a terrific shriek that
startled all the tenants on the ninth,
tenth and eleventh floors and brought
them running out of their offices.
Crowley. the young man in charge of
the middle cage, with quick presence
of mind, brought the car to a stand
still with a jerk and saved Siegel'9
life, as he would have been crushed to
death if the cage had continued up
ward.
A force of men from the engine room
of the building was Immediately sent
for, and the work of extricating Sie^el
bepan. It was found necessary to re
move the iron w<>rk from part of thr«
nape in order to free him, but he was
finally released and tender hands lift
ed him into the cage, which was lower
ed to the eleventh floor and he was
carried into the offices of the General
Electric Company.
Dr. Sopor, who has offices in the
buildinp, had been previously called.
examined the unfortunate man, and
found that ho had suffered a fracture
of th^ ripht leg near th>> thish and nu
merous external bruises. After beingr
made as comfortable as possible he
was sent to th-^ German Hospital by
the owner of the building.
Siepel admits that he was at fault
in attempting to do the work, as he
was not sent there for that purpose,
and confesses he was negligent in do
ing: it while the elevator cars were run
ning-, particularly after he had sent his
boy away. He was very lucky in not
being: killed, and his escape from being
crushed to death was miraculous.
Sievjel is a young German about 27
years of age, and resides with his par
ents at 2S Tehama street.
NOT SERIOUSLY ILL.
Alex Badlam Merely Suffering
proro ao AttacK of Asthma.
The report circulated during: the past
few days that Alexander Radlam, the
well-known pioneer, was lying danger
ously ill at his residence, 1024 Franklin
street, is somewhat exaggerated. For
the past few weeks he has been indis
posed from an attack of asthma, pro
duced from a severe cold, but at no time
was ho in a dangerous condition. Some
difficulty in obtaining the necessary
sleep was about all that annoyed him.
and the members of the family.
Few, if any. of the early settlers of
this city uro better or more favorably
known "than the penial Alex. Radlam,
and as a consequence <'f this popular
ity the members of his family were
kept busy answering the door bell yes
terday. A decided improvement in his
condition was noticeable during the
day, due to the fact that he had for the
first time enjoyed a refreshing: sleep.
The cheerfulness so characteristic nf
his nature has not forsaken him in his
illness. To his attendants he has a
joke to exchange even over his sick
ness. He says he is worth a few hun
dred dead men yet. and will live to see
the beginning: of the new century. He
is as solicitous over the Golden Jubilee
as if the entire responsibility for its suc
cess depended on his individual exer
tions.WILL GO ON A
YEAR'S CRUISE
The Sloop-of-War Mo
hican to Be Put in
Commission.
Will Be Manned by the Ap
prentice Boys Now Being
Enlisted.
Each Lrul Who Joins Agrees to Re
; in the Navy Until
He Is of Age.
The United States sloop-of-\var Mo
hican is r.<>\v almost ready to start on
her cruise with the apprentice boys
who are being enlisted at the naval
rendezvous. About fifty applicants
a day are examined, but only an aver
f three out of every ten boys is
accepted. Still the required number
s Is being got together rapidly
and bo booh as 150 of them can be mus
on the receiving ship Independ
ence the Mohican will go into commis-
FiOJl.
The eloop-of-war was built at Mare
Island and is a splendid craft for a
traininir ship. She is 1900 tons dis
placement. 216 feet long. 3S feet broad
and 16 feet 5 inches deep. She has a
coal capacity of 162 tons and can
steam about nine knots an hour. Be
ing bark-rigged, however, nearly all her
voyaging will be made under sail, so
the apprentices will have a good op
portunity of learning to reef and furl
the sails, splice ropes and swab decks.
Gunnery, the handling of small arms
and genera] seamanship will also be
taught. Three instructors will accom
pany the warship and every morning
th- boys will have to attend school to
be coached in reading, writing and
arithmetic.
On being accepted as an apprentice
by Uncle Sam each boy is given an out
tit valued at $45 and he is placed on
the pay roll at $9 a month. As he ad
s his pay increases until he ranks
as a "first-class apprentice," when his
pay will be $21 a month. Should he
become a petty officer hU pay will be
froni $25 a month and upward.
The schooner North Kend that went
ashore at Point Diablo in a calm last
week was put on thr> Merchants' dry
dock yesterday. The keel and fore
foot are gone while the rocks knocked
several holes in her starboard side. The
planking on the port side is also more
ts damaged and the vessel is more
or less strained throughout. It will
be some time before she will be back
in the lumber trade again.
11. Schmidt and E. D. Bigelow were
both treated at the Harbor Receiving
.: al yesterday for wounds received
in a box factory on Spear street. Bige
low, while leaving the factory, caught
his font in the elevator and fractured
his ankle. He was attended to at the
Lai, and on being placed on a cot
asked that his friend Schmidt be sent
for. While Schmidt was on his way
' the factory an adz- fell on his
tting and fracturing it. After
his wounds were dressed he was placed
beside his friend and they
i the afternoon in commiserating
each other on their hard luck.
Captain Mollested of the barkentine
Newsboy has been playing in more than
hard luck of late. While the vessel was
in Hakodate his wife and eldest child
were taken sick, and the child died.
Boon after this his infant also died,
and Mrs. Mollested was so sick when
the vessel was ready for sea that she
had to be left behind. The bodies of
the two children were sealed up in zinc
and brought to San Francisco
f - interment. Yesterday Captain Mol
receiv< dl a cable from a friend in
date that his wife had sue
• 1 to dysentery. He remains will
be brought to Ran Francisco and
■: beside her children.
J. J. Moore & Co. have at last se
cured a vessel to put on the berth for
Australia. Weeks ago th*\v tried to se
ure one to take a load of lumber to
Adelaide, but failed, and had to take
the cargo back into the yard. Now
they have secured the bark N'atuna.
which made such a long passage and
on which reinsurance was paid, and
will load her with lumber and general
merchandise for Australia.
Captain John Metcalfe, Lloyd's sur
veyor, has returned from the wreck of
the Cleveland. He says the cargo will
be a total loss, but the vessel will be
fixed up and will be as pood as before
she went ashore. Captain Nelson says
there Is no truth in the report that he
has sold the vessel, but says she will
go back into the old trade as soon as
she has been repaired.
The Alaska-Yukon Transportation
Company has chartered the bark Ru
fus E. Wood and the ship Eclipse to
carry passengers and freight to St.
Michael next spring. They are having
four river steamers built at the Fulton
Iron Works, and expect to have every
thing in readiness for the rush next
spring. Walter S. Bcammell of the com
pany is back from the East, and he
Fays the rush from Chicaero ami New-
York will begin the latter part of n<-xt
month, and that It will be greater than
expects.
Coasters from the north have had fair
winds for the past week, and in conse
quence the James A. Oarfieid, which ar
rived yesterday, made the run fr^m
Willapa Harbor in four days, and the
ship Occidental came down from De
parture Bay in six days.
Another injunction suit has boon
commenced against the Board, of Stat^
Harbor 'Vim mi ssi oners. When the
Commissioners m^t yesterday after
noon papers were served on them in
procff-flincs commenced by R. B. Ir
vine of the ParafTine Paint Company
r<--Ft raining them from letting bids for
the creosotlng of piles to be used In
wharf construction.
The Parafflne Paint Company
through tta iiecnt claims that it was
the lowest bidder for the work, and
that Inasmuch as none of the bids
were said to be f-xcessive it is entitled
to be awarded the contract.
A pult ..f a similar character was
brought against the Commissioners
some few weeks ago on the ground
that the advertisements for bids were
so worded that none but the San Fran
cisco Preserving Company could bid
under the contract That suit was dis
missed a fc-w weeks ago. The Com
missioners decided yesterday to re
turn all bids in the particular case to
which the Paraffine Paint Company
based its action. #
Bngineer Holmes was instructed to
draw up specifications and advertise
£"•- -° l4a f °r heating the new depot
building.
A communication was received from
Chief Wharfinger Root calling the at
tention of the board to the condition
of the wharf a 1 the foot of Lombard
ptroet. In tho opinion of Wharfinger
4 Root it is unsafe for vessels to dock
on either the north or south side
Inasmuch as there are several mat
ters requiring the immediate consider
ation of the Commissioners the board
adjourned to meet at 10 o'clock this
morning in special session.
THE SLOOP OF WAR MOHICAN
That will shortly start on a cruise around the world manned by apprentice boys who have joined the navy. About sixty
able seamen will also form part of the ship's complement, so the lads will have plenty of instructors.
REST AT LAST
FOR THE DEAD
Body of Theodore Dur
rant to -Be Cremated
at Pasadena.
It Had to Be Sent Among
Strangers for Christian
Sympathy.
Quietly Removed From the Parents'
Home and Sent to Los
Angeles.
The body of Theodore Durrant, the
executed murderer of Blanche I^amont,
had to be sent among strangers to find
that sympathy and Christian respect
that is due the dead. Yesterday it was
shipped to Pasadena for cremation and
to be disposed of according to the last
request c-f the dead man. Early yes
terday morning and long before sun
rise the body was removed from the
residence of the Durrants, on Fair Oaks
street, and taken to the undertaking
parlors of Porter & White and prepar
ed for shipment.
Mr. Durrant had requested that the
greatest secrecy should be observed in
the removal of the corpse, as he did n«>t
desire that it should be made the ob
ject for a curious crowd to gloat over,
and his request was respected by the
undertakers. At the undertaking par
lors the body was watched continually
by two trusted friends of the parents,
and not for an instant did they let it
escape from their observation for fear
of vandalism. The body was prepared
foT the last act that would reduce it to
the elements and placed in a zinc-lined
casket, and it was sent across the bay
on the 4 o'clock ferry, accompanied by
Mr. and Mrs. Durrant and placed on
the 5 o'clock train for Los Angeles.
There were but few people at the ferry
depot who knew whose body occupied
tl. ■ solid wooden b<rx that was taken
from the undertaker's wagon and roll
ed on the boat on a baggage truck, and
there were fewer at the depot on the
mole who knew of it. There were some
curious people who crowded around the
carriage in which the sorrowing pa
rents sat in the trip across the bay,
and they caught a glimpse of them as
they stepped from the hack to the car.
Their curiosity was satisfied with that
one fleeting glimpse of the parents of
the murderer. Beyond that there was
no demonstration, and the bo-dy wart
permitted to go on its way to the final
stage of its dissolution free from the
eyes of the morbidly curious.
ANXIOUS TO SEE THE BODY.
Much Feeling Aroused in Pas
adena Over the Disposition
of Durrant's Remains.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 11.— The firm of
Kregel & Bresee, undertakers, who
have perfected the arrangements for
the cremation of Durrani's body at the
Pasadena Crematory, have received
some seventy-five requests for the pur
chase of tickets to see the body. Some
person started the report that upon
payment of 50 cents people would be
permitted to view the remains at their
establishment on South Broadway.
Thereport was utterly without founda
tion, but offers to purchase tickets im
mediately commenced to pour In until
the denial of the cruel rumor became
circulated.
The people of Pasadena are much
wrought up ov<>r the fact that Dur
rant's body is to be reduced to ashes
in that city. Some residents claim that
the city will be injured, from the fact
that it will in this connection receive
what they term unpleasant notoriety.
On the other hand there <ir'- many citi
zens who state that inasmuch as a
resting place for Durrant's body was
refused his mother and father by so
many people they are glad to have the
world know that at Pasadena there are
some people who are truly liberal and
humane. However, the division of
sentiment in that community is
marked and some warm discussions
have already occurred over the matter
between citizens.
All the arrangements have been
completed. The fires in th*> crematory
have been lighted, and when the body
arrives there will be no delay.
THE CREMATORY READY.
The Remains of the Murderer
to Be Disposed of To- Day.
PASADENA, Jan. 11.— To-night ar
rangements have been completed with
Reynolds and Van Nuys, undertakers,
through Kregelo & Bi-«-*e of Los An
geles and the Durrants, to cremate
here the remains of Thedore Durrant
gome time to-morrow afternoon. Word
was received this morning that the
remains will leave San Francisco to
night, arriving in Los Angeles at 1:30
p. m. to-morrow. The hour of crema
tion haa not been determined upon and
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 12, 1898.
it is probable that the remains will not
pass through Pasadena at all, but will
be conveyed direct from the Aepot to
Mountain View Crematory north of the
Pasadena city limits.
In an Interview this morning with
Mr. Reynolds, of the firm of Reynolds
& Van Nuys. he said: "Our opinion
is from one standpoint that it is purely
a business proposition, and as such we
accept it. In the second place the re
mains of Durrant are no more nor less
than any other subject. There if^io
superstition in our minds whatever in
regard to the matter. We do not con
sider that in doing this that we are
in any way upholding crime, but are
only serving Durrant's parents in the
cremation of their son as we would any
one under any other circumstances,
charging the regular price for crema
tion. Theodore Durrant paid the pen
alty and met every requirement of the
law for th« crime with which he was
charged. We understand it to be the
request Of his parents and those hav
ing charge of the disposition of the
body that he be cremated. We see no
reason why we should be more blam
able for the carrying out of this re
quest than any railroad or transporta
tion company would be for the trans
portation of the body. Devoid of senti
ment and a purely business transac
tion, we have decided to comply with
the request of his parents, who should
not be tortured longer for the sins of
their son."
It is not anticipated that the crema
tion of Durrant will bo attended with
any exhibition of morbid curiosity and
everything will be done with as little
publicity as possible.
THE RUSH WILL
BE VERY GREAT
Thousands Are Going to Alaska
by the Way of San
Francisco.
Observations of C. M. Jenkins, Who
Made a Trip East Last
Month.
C M. Jenkins, who went Bast with
the Alaska trade committee's special
car to Chicago and returned Sunday
evening. Pays that people >>n th>' Coast
have no conception of the size <<f th>
crowds which will go to Alaska dur
ing the present season. The estimates
! of 10"»,'if»D, which have been published
from time to time, be considers alto
gether too low, after having made ■
trip through twelve States and Terri
tories. Mr. Jenkins left the Fran
clsos party on its Eastward Journey at
Salt Lake <"ity and made a personal
trip through a number of the mining
towns <>f Colorado. At aJi these points
he found that the entire community
was taking the keenest interest in ev
erything that pertains to the gold tields
of Alaska.
Although the business men, naturally
in defense of their own interests, were
given to discourage any emigration to
the Klondike, among the practical
working miners, however, there are
hundreds of m»Ti who have been sav
ing their wages and turning what lit
tle property they have into cash in
anticipation of making the trip to Alas
ka us soon as possible. Many of them
expressed their preference for San
Francisco as a point of departure and
a largp quantity of literature was dis
tributed in the principal mining towns
of the State.
THE FREEHOLDERS.
Discussing Plans for future
Action— The New Ma"
Comrr>ittee.
The rooms of the freeholders were
busy yesterday, for nearly every one
of the freeholders was donwn there at
some time to discuss the future plans
of the body which must draft the new
law of the city.
Chairman Joseph Britton was there
working on his committees. At the
meeting to-night they will be an
nounced, and there is a great deal of
labor in apportioning the business of
the board. The committee on new
quarters will also report to-night, but
it is not at all certain that their report
will be in favor of moving to another
place. The present rooms are handy
and are big enough to accommodate
any crowd that may gather unless
something special is being done. It
was the experience of the Charter
Committee of One Hundred that the
public does not care to listen to dry de
, bates, and so the attendance there was
very meager toward the close. That
is the view of several of the freehold
ers.
The standing of the charter drafted
by the Committee of One Hundred be
fore the freeholdrs has given rise to
much speculation, but it is certain that
it will be used only as an advisory in
strument and that many of the pet
provisions of the committee will not
be passed by the official body.
"Rebel George" In Trouble.
George Knowlton, better known as
"Rebel George," the gold brick man, was
taken to Siskiyou County yesterday by
Deputy Sheriff Furlong, to answer a
charge of bunkoing a man out of his
money. Judge Carroll Cook remanded
him back yesterday and declared the
bonds of his accomplices, Reese and Men
del ban m, forfeited.
One Dose Will Stop a Cough.
■ ur. t-nrii.fr » v^ougn i_ure never rails*
try It; 26c. For sale by all druggists. •
ARCHITECT SHEA
MUST REPORT
More Trouble Over the
Slowly Rising Hall of
Justice.
Property Owners Make An
other • Appeal to the
Supervisors.
The Contractors Claim to Be Power
less to Hasten the Work on
Hand.
Architect Shea was Instructed by the
Public Buildings <->mmittee of the
Board of Supervisors yesterday to in
quire Into the present condition of the
Hall <>f Justice and report whether or
not the structure can be finished by
July l. This action wns the outcome of
the mt-etinj? of the committee at which
representatives of the property-owners
i>n Kearny street took an active part.
Attorney Shadburne asked that the
committee order the architect to take
chart,"- of the work under section 17 of
the contract. He thought that unless
some definite action was taken the
building would not \>- completed for a
ii'l that grear damage would be
done t<> Kearny street property.
O. F. yon Kn> in representing a
larpo amount of property along Kearny
street, stated that real estate was rap
idly depreciating because of the delay
in the completion of the hall, and asked
thai th-- Board pass a resolution com
pelllng the contractors to go ahead at
once with th>> work <>r be held to a
I Nniary responsibility for further de
lays.
A member of the firm nf Rateman &
Bros, stated that it «raa impossible
under existing cireumstanres to go
ahead more rapidly. n<» stated that in
order to get the terra cotta work done
his firm had been compelled to estab
lish a plant near Stockton for the man
ufacture of the brick and was pre
pared to turn out the work at short
According to the contract, he said,
there was only one firm on the Pacific
Coast that could turn out the steel work,
and the inability of this firm to do the
work on time had caused much delay.
Chairman Sheehan of th*> committee
took a hand in the discussion and
stated that he as well as other
members of the committee had tried to
advance the work as rapidly as possi
ble. The matter was finally left in the
hands of the architect to report at a
meeting to be held next wf-c-k.
BUNKO MAN CAPTURED.
FranK Morrow, Who Escaped Frori)
the Couoty Jail, Is Wanted
ir) flntioch.
Frank Morrow, alias Brooks, alias
Davidson, was cleverly captured yester
day afternoon by Detective Graham
and locked up in the '"tanks" at the
City Prison.
Morrow is an ex-convict and one of
the best-known bunko men in the State.
Al>out ten months ago ho was sent to
the County Jail on a charge of petty
larceny for having bunkoed a stranger
named Alfred George out of some
money at stud-horse poker. He served
about three months and succeeded in
making his escape.
The police were notified on Monday
that Morrow was wanted in Antioch
NEW TO-DAY. _^
HV Do not confuse "Cola this" and "Kola that"
BJET with Dr. Charcot't Kola Nerrlne Tablets.
M The Mighty Black Men .^^^§B|k
93gA of Western Tropical Africa— grand i§
SSgL specimens of physical development— Iffe A§|f
kSBm depend for vigor and energy upon %lii£s^|jjp W
ffjt&tr the nerve and muscle-building qual-
BMfc^ ities of the Kola (guru) nut. By its
tt] B^ use they are enabled to withstand the Koi« Nut.
M m fatigue of killing marches and to perform feats of strength
\WW| impossible with those not using the nut. Thousands of
jHH men and women in this city owe their energy to the pre-
Jl I cious qualities extracted from this noble nut combined in
Maßßf DR. CHARCOT'S Kola Nervine Tablets. These tablets,
B m made (from the FRESH KOLA NUTS) upon the pre-
yßH scription of Dr. Jean Martin Charcot, the greatest doctor
h| the world has ever known, absolutely banish sleeplessness
■f and nervous troubles. DR. CHARCOT'S
JHr Write for PROOFS of CURES, m r lf(fil
» soc and $1 a package. Get them nfil^lJl
■ of your druggist or if he cannot jjyil??
Ml supply you. send money and fSf*"*llo
IBfl druggist's name and we will send JU|OI/fc2££
W^jk } v the genuine tablets. m H||^fc
HL Eureka Chemical and Manufacturing Co., La Crosse, Wis.
NEW TO-DAY. __^___-, ™_
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦4M»»4-M"j
♦ t ♦♦♦♦ M ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ M ♦»»♦» + ♦♦♦♦♦ + + ♦♦♦ ♦♦♦ + ♦♦♦♦ -M-M-M-4- ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
Stock-Taking
Preparations
—have brought to light the necessity for an immediate
reduction in our stock of Woolen Waists and Skirts and Ladies' and
Gentlemen's Woolen Underwear,
Every offering during this sale is of this season's style and up-to-date
and good quality goods in every respect.
WAISTS AND SKIRTS. I UNDERWEAR.
LADIES' WOOL WAISTS-BM and** *A LADIES' UKSHRINKABLE WHITE WOOL
plain colored and plaids-reduced \/ 411 VESTS — In high neck and long rr *_
from $2.75, $3, $3.25, $3.50 to -- - «P^««W sleeves with pants to match sold J)J> r|C
* • regularly for 75c, now to he had for vvv * v
LADIES' ALPACA WAISTS— In black— to* >JA MEN'S NATURAL WOOL SHIRTS AND rr i
reduced from $3.00 to ------ &L.OV DRAWERS, regularly selling for 75c, XX fTC
85c and $1.00 each, marked down to vv v ttJ
The goods quoted above are all of late styles These are all good, honestly made garments—
and well made. Any altering, if necessary to fit ; first class in quality, and cut in price only to meet
customer, will be done free of charge. i the cuts in our other lines.
THESE GOODS AT THESE PRICES
ON SALE THURSDAY AND FRIDAY ONLY.
THEY ARE NOW ON EXHIBITION IN OUR SHOW WINDOWS.
125=127-129=131 KEARNY STREET.
for bunkoing two men he met on the
Stockton boat. The detectives were
furnished with his picture and while
Graham was walking along Mason
street yesterday afternoon he saw the
man he had been looking for. He at
once placed him under arrest. Mor
row at first denied his identity, but
when he got to the prison he weak
ened. The authorities at Antioch were
notified of his arrest.
GEORGE TAUCHI
HELD FOR MURDER
The Charge Against Y. Nishi
gima of Being an Acces
sory Is Dismissed.
Judge Low and His Prosecuting At
torney Have an Argument ad to
Who Runs the Court.
George Tauchi, the Japanese, was
yesterday held to answer before the
Superior Court by Judge Low on the
charge of murdering Mary Castillo,
without bail.
The defendant's attorney, Archie
I Campbell, reserved his defense for the
higher court.
The case was not finished without a
; wordy set-to between the Judge and
1 Prosecuting Attorney Reynolds. There
| was a charge against Y. Nishigima, the
occupant of the house where Tauchi
had been concealed, of being an acces
■Ol7 to the crime, and the Judge sug
i gested that the charge be dismissed as
Xishigima's evidence might be of value
to the prosecution.
Reynolds said that he was opposed
to the dismissal, as they had sumcieut
i evidence without Nishigimas. He an
nounced that the case for the prosecu-
I tion was closed. This nettled the Judge
' and he retorted sharply that he was the
; committing magistrate and could do as
he liked.
Detective Gibson sought to pour oil
upon the troubled waters by consent-
Ing to the charge bring withdrawn, but
it had the contrary effect upon Rey
nolds, who disputed the Judges author
ity to dismiss the case. The Judge end
ed the matter by dismissing the case,
and Nishtgima was called as a witness
for the prosecution, bvit he denied that
he- knew that Tauchi was concealed in
the house or anything about the case.
Reynolds refused to examine the wit
ness and the Judge had to do it.
The Judge was annoyed at the wit
ness refusing to give any information,
and Detective Gibson was instructed
to take his case before the Grand Jury,
but they declined to consider it, and
i the wily Japanese comes out on top.
Fractured Mis Collar-Bone.
William Dwyer, who lives at Nineteenth
and Howard streets, fell off his wagon
yesterday morning and sustained a frac
ture of his right collarbone. He was tak
en to the Receiving Hospital.
Ryifß Soil's
Consumption. Coughs, Colds. Bron-
chitis, Debility, Wasting Diseases,
Asthma, Influenza, Scrofulous
Humors, etc., etc.
Physicians prescribe it. All druggists Mil It.
ask Irr AVI l.l'.Oli'S and no otner.
RAILROAD TRAVEL
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: 11:35, <
8:30. 5:10, 6:10 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip !
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:60 '
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a. m. 1:30. 1:30 ,
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SA.* FRANCISCO.
WEEK PAYS— 6:IO. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.:
12:45. 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— tripe
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m. 1:40. 8:40.
6:00. 6:15 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park '
game schedule as above. .
Leave ,_ ofT ™ t Arrive
San Francisco. octT W. S?n Franclsc °-
Week I Sun- r^Btw^tinn Sun ] Week
Days. I days. Destination , dny9 [ day 3.d ay 3.
7:Soa.m. !S:ooa.m. ; Novato, 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
3 :30 p.m. y :30a.m. Petaluma. ! 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
s:lUp.m. !5:UUp.m. Santa Rosa. I 7:30 p.m.i tj^-ip.m.
Fulton.
7:30 a.m. Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
Healdsburg,
Lj-tton,
Geyservllle,
S:3op.m. 8:00 a.m. Cloverdale. I 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
~~~ j IHopland and)
7 :30a.m. 1 3 :00a.m. 1 Uk.iah. | 7:35 p.m. 6:25 p.m.
7 :3Ua.m. I j 1 10:25 a.m.
|8 :00 a.m .! Gucrnevllle. 7:35 p.m.
3:30 p.m. I 6:22 p.m.
7-.oUa.rn. 8:00 a.m. Sonoma flu :40a.m. S :loa.m.
a no
5:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Elien. | 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7 :30a.m. 15:(0a.m.) c^k,,,.-™, |10:40a.m.|10:25a.m.
3:3op.m.|o:Uop.m.| oeoas^PO l - | 7 :35p.m.| 7:22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs. . Kelseyvllle. Soda Bay.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for
Vichy Si. ings, Saratoga &j;in^, Blue Lakes,
Laurel Dell I.akc, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's Buck-
Valley, John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's, Buck-
nell's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Boonevtlle,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort
Bragg, Westport, I'sa'.. -
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— 6so Market street. Chronicl*
building.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.
ji ■!■■■■ || 7f CALIFORNIA
K^^^^! LIMITED.
p^f^P SAN FRANCISCO
.I™yiy^s3j CHICAGO.
Trains leave from ■ and arrive at Market-
street Ferry
San Francisco Ticket Office — Market St..
Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1520. Oak-
land Office— lllB Broadway. Sacramento Of-
fice- 201 J st.
_ The Best Railway— Francisco to Chlcafo.
LOOK AT THB TIME OF THE CALIFORNIA
LIMITED.
Leave San Francisco 4:30 p. m. Mondays and
Thursdays; arrive Kansas City 6.?0 p. m->
Thursdays and Sundays: arrive St. Louis 7:09
a. m. Fridays and Mondays; arrive Chicago
»:43 a. m., Fridays and Mondays.
DINING CARS under Harvey's management. I
Buffet Smoking Cars at.d ' Pullman Palaca
Sleeping Cars.
This train carries First-Class Passengers
only, but no extra charge is made.
The ATLANTIC EXPRSSS. leaving daily at
4:30 p. m.. carries Pullman Palace and Pull-
man Tourist Sleeping C*rs on fast time. Di-
rect connection in Chicago and Kansas City
j for all points East.
New rails, new ties, . new ballast, new
bridges. The shortest crossing of the desert
and a country that Interests by Its varied and
beautiful scenery. The highest grade of pas-
senger equipment and meals at Harvey's fa-
mous dining-rooms.
NORTH f ACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, Commencing September
19, 1257.
WEEK DAYS. "
i For Mill Valley and Ban Rafael— •7:2s, •930.
11:30 a. m. »1:45, 3.45. •5:15. 6:00. 6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays. Wed-
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »B:oo. *1000,
•11:30 a. m.; 'las, 3:00. "4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:15 a. m. weekdays for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) foi
Duncan Mills and way stations: 8:00 a. m.
Sundays tor Point Reyes and way stations.
ATT, ROAD TRAVEL.
MX lIIKItX rACIi'IC t'OJIPAJIT.
(PACIFIC SVSTKM.)
Ti'itlna nntl »■■<• <ln«> to nrrlTC At
MAN I'KAKCfSCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
leave — From January 1, 1893. — arrith
' »6:OO a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... *S»ASa
?:OOa Beuicia. Suisun end Sacramento,... 10:45 a.
7:ooa. MarysTille, OroTilleand Kedding via
Woodland 5:45p
7:OO\ Vacavillo nnd Knrusey 8:43p
7:^(>a Martinez, San Ramon, Nap*.
Calistoga and Santa Rosa * 6:lSi»
8)OOa Atlantic Kxpress, Ogdeu and Kas,t.. 8:l"»i«
»j:ii»a MileK, San .lose. .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysvilk-, Chico,
Tehama and Red ltlufT 4:1.%p
■51:30 a Teters, Milton and Oak dale '7:13?
DiOUa New Orleans Jisprecn, reed. Ray-
mond, Fresno, Uakerslicltl, Santa
.Barbara. I.os Aafeies, Deming,
El l'aso, New Orleans and East. 6:4."»p
9:09 a. Vallijo, Martinez, Merced and
Fresno 12:13p
•l:OOp Sacramento Kiver Stt:iinera *O:l»Op
l:OOr Niles, San Jcso and Way Stations.. {0:l3v
l:»Or Martinez and Way Stations 7:15p
2:00p Livermore, Mendota, Hanford and
Visalia 4:15?
LlTermore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations 110:13*.
4:»«r Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Culistoga, 101 Verauo and
SmiUßosa * »i 15 A.
4t»«p Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Lauding, Marysvillc, 010-
ville mid Siicrniuciito IO:4Sa
4iBf>p Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. T: I .">p
4:30p Laturop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
Fresno, Mojavo (for Kandsburg),
Santa Barbara and Los Angeles.. 7i43a.
4i3Op Santa It: Route, Atlautic Express
for Mojara anil 1 last 6:45
" Sunset Limited," Los Angeles, El
Paso, Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East §10:1 3 a.
•:s:Sop " Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso,
New Orleans and East §lO:C3a
OiO«i" Kiiruiwiiii Mall, Ogilen and East.... 0:45\
6:OOr IlnywimlH, NiUsand Nan .lone 7:4.V\.
IStOOfVallojo....: 17:45p
ft:HOi- Orison MxpioHS, Sacramento, Marys-
vlllc. Redding, rortlauil, l'i;yot
S.mn.l an.l I'.llgl .. 8tl«A. ■
SIS LKA.MiKO ami iiay\vaki>s I,O( Al,.
(Foot of Market Street.)
i*6:OOa^ : ( 77i~5~Z
8:O«a Jlclrose. Scininnry Park, i*»:43\
loJoo* FHcl.lM,r ,K.n, l ,ur {Vlli^
tl 1:OOa S»n l.rniKlro. South San I ***s
:1 . . ! °.°. Uandro,EBta.mio, l^*
ihVoop Lorenzo, Ckerrr < tl:43p
4:00p . • <3:*sp
B:OOp *»« 6:15p
B:30p Hay nurds. 7:45p
7:OOp 8:4-1
S:OOp i RunB through to Niles. .5 : 4? P
9:00p j From Niles 1O:3«i> ■
ttll:l-"»i-,; trromr< " cB - tftl2:OOp
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Huge).
(Foot of Market Street.) .
■ :1»A Newark. ( hnlwilllii.flwi .lV)B«\Felton,
Itouldcr Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations SiO«b
*a<lsp Newark. Centcrville, San .lose. New
Alniadcn, Felton, lioitlder Crock,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations «l«: 504
4tlsi- Newark, San Jose and Los Gatos ... «:20.\
t11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and ' ' ' •
Way Stations }':2Op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Fnm SUN FRiSCISCO— Foot of llarket Street (Slip 8) —
•7:15 0:00 11:01U.m. }1:00 *2:00 {3:03
•1:00 tS:OO *6:00 p.m.
FramOAIUND— Foot or3roadw»j.— *(i:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tlS:OO »l:00 12:00 *3:00 tl:CO "5:0Ql-.M.
COAST 111 VISION Usage).
(Third and Townscnd Sta.)
6i35a San Jose and Way .Stations (New
Almadeu Wetlnesdays (inly) 6:53ji»
•:OOa Han .lore, Tres Tlnos, HhiiU Cruz,
Pacilic (Jiovu, Paso Rubles, S:m
Luis Oliiapo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way .Stations 4:13p
I»:4Oa Joso and Way Stations "SrOOA
I1:3«»A Ban Joso and Way Stations 8:33 a,
•«:8«i- San Mateo, Redwood, Mcnlo Park,
Santa Clara, San Jose, Gilroy.
Hollister, Santa Crux, Salinas,
Monterey nnd Pacific Grove "10:40*.
•3:15r Sau Jose anil Principal Wny Stations *!>:•>«*.
•4:13 San Jose Principal Way Stations 9:-13.\
: •S:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations l:^Op
5:SOr San and Principal Way .Stations S:SVp
B:::or SanJoseand Way Stations 7:2«p
i11;43p San Jnsi- ami Way Stations .' 7:20p
A lor Morning. 1* for Afternoon.
•BuTidavs.excepted. J Sundays only. 1 Saturdays only.
it Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
•I Mondays and Thursdays. •
.. { Wednesdays and Saturdays. ; ;-*;;
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1897, trains will run aa
follows: ■
Southbound. Northbound.
Pa»Ben- Mixed c -,, nnt Mixed I Pasaen-
per ! Sunday ' tatlous - Sunday ge.r
Dally. Exc'p'tdj Exc'p'td : Dally.
I •7:20 a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton! 3:45 p.m. 5:40 p. m.
i 9:10 a.m. 12:o0 p.m. Merced 1 12 :5U p.m. 3:53 p.m.
10:40 a.m. 3:60 p.m.! Fresno j J a.m. j 2:20 p.m.
! 11:40 a.m. 6:20 p.m. I Hanford j :43 a.m.! 1:15 p.m.
i 12:15 p.m. 6:45 p.m. l Visalia ! 6:40 a.m. 1 12:40 p.m.
; Stopping at Intermediate points when require!
Connections Stockton with steamboats o£
C. N. & I. Co., leaving San Kruncixco and
Stockton at 6:00 p. m. daily; at Merced with
stages to and from Snelllngii. Coulterville, etc. ;
also with stage from Hornitos. Mariposa. etc.;
at L&nkershirn with stage to and from Uadera.
dera.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
! Leave San ■ Francisco Commencing Nov.
13, 1897.
WEEK DAYS— a. in. ; 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00, 11:30 a. m. ; 1:13 p. m.
r Special trips can be arranged fo:.- by applying
■ to THOS. COOK & PON. 621 Market St.. San
: Francisco, or telephoning Tavern of Tamalpaia.
WEAK MEN £ y A^PtFn ft CURED FREE
THE PHYSICIANS' INSTITUTE,
1967 Masonic Temple, Chicago, 111.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver advanced.
Wheat and Barley lower.
Oats firm. <Vrn steady. Rye dull.
Buckwheat hlpher.
Another advance in Hay. Feedstuffs un
char.p* ■■:.
Colored Beans very firm.
No char. Re in Flour.
Fair demand for Coffee.
Potatoes firm. Oniona lower.
Butter and Kpps weak, '"heese easy.
Poultry weaker. Game firmer.
Fruits unchanged.
More activity In Provisions.
Wool, Hope and Hides unchanged.
Hogs arriving rather more freely.
Beef and Mutton unchanged.
Oils as before.
GOLD COIN MOVEMENT.
The movement of gold coin at San Francisco
for 1897 wns aa follows:
Paid for duties I S.OO.GM
Exported 17.088, 800
Withdrawn 5'- I
I In !-;•: 0,322,900
~!rculation $1,374,400
13.291.500
Added In I-..:. 12.107.fin0
Added in L 894 E.000.u00
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies -.vnh the wind. Th« top fig
ures at station indicate maximum temperature
for the days: those underneath it, if any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In Inches
and hundredth? during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of e<jual
Eir pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature The wind "high" means hUh
barometic pressure and is usually accompanied
with fair weather; "low" rt:ers to low pres-
Fure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear ":i the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high in the interior and low
alonp the coast, and the isobars extend north
er.-i i-outh along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when tho "low" is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
ldnh->, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
in summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Tlme.>
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal . Jan. 11—5 p. m
The following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Fast This Last
Stations. 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.08 6.24 22. 51
Tied Bluff Trace 6.24 11.48
Sacramento 0 4.SS 6.49
Par. Francisco 0.31 4.73 11.10
Fresno 0 2.20 4.11
Fan Luis Oblspo 0 1.98 7.92
Lor An&eles 0 3.34 5.4S
Pan Diego 0.02 2.39 4.30
Yuma 0.02 1.06 2.34
San Francisco temperature: Maximum. 44;
minimum. 36: mean. 40.
WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
V< (RECASTS.
A storm of considerable energy- is off the
Washington and Oregon coast. The lowest
pressure is at the mouth of th<» Columbia
River, with easterly winds of of 34 mil>-s per
hour. The pressure has fallen about three
tenths of an inch during the past 24 hours
over Southern Washington and Northern Ore
gon.
The temperature has fallen about 12 degrees
In the northern end of th" Sacramento Valley.
Rain has fallen over northeastern California,
with thp heaviest rainfall at San Francisco.
Bnow is reported p.t lied Bluff, and over an
inch of snow has fallen at Mouni Tamalp.iis.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hour? ending midnight, January 12. is r *:
Northern California— Rain nr snow Wednes
day: Fr.utlieastf-rly winds; warmer in the Sac
ramemn Valley.
Bouthern California— cloudy and unsettled
•weather Wednesday: probable rain In north
ern portion; southerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Wednesday; warmer north
Utah -Cloudy Wednesday; continued cold
•weather.
Arizona— Cloudy Wednesday; continued cold
weather.
San Franci^o and vl"in!ty— Rain Wednes
day: southerly winds.
fp« ial report from Mount Tamalpals. taken
at 5 p. m.— Snowing; wind southeast. 12 miles;
tempera tur-- ?,'j.; snowfall one Inch; maxi
mum temperature xr.
ALEXAXPKR McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.— London operators in
American securities had apparently recovered
6ome of their confidence In the future of values
In this country to-day after the alarm they
had manifested yesterday over our political fu
ture. Some sharp Rains were recorded for
Americans on the London exchange before the
opening hour. In fact, the London bullishness
outran the local opening and New York prices
res-ponded fully to the rise In London. Th€
market all day -was one difficult of analysis
•on account of its unevenness. There were
points of notable strength and others of mark
ed weakness In the list and neither was alto
gether effective in giving tone to the market
Sugar was the special point of weakness, and
the large volume of transactions in It gave
Its weatcness an Influence on the list The
pangers were heavy in the early deal
ings, though ■ subsequent recovery brought
their prices a fraction above yesterday's close
The craters were centers of depression on ac
count of the condition of trade and the un
seasonable mildness of the weather On th»
other hand there was very striking activity and
strength in the Northern Pacific stocks and
T-nion Pacific. This strength seemed to ex
tend to connecting railroads in the West and
Northwest. Thus not only Northern I'nd'fl,'
and Union Pacific rose from >> to 2 points but
Denver & Rio Grande preferred. Uni™ Pacific
Denver & Gulf. Oregon Navigation, Oregon
.Short Line and Oregon Improvement shows
gains ranging from %, points in Oregon Xavi
gation. These stocks were strong on antici
pation of increased trafficking for Klondike
They were helped also by the decision of the
Interstate Commerce Commission to continue
the suspension of the long and short ' haul
clause on tariff in competition with Canadian
railroads. The dealings in the stocks of these
transcontinental lines were very heavy and
transfers of blocks of several thousand shares
were quite frequent all day.
Money closed slightly easier, but most of the
business of the day was done at I per cent
In the time money market, however rates were
2% Per cent for sixty days and from 3 to 3V
per cent lor three to seven months. There was
an active demand for commercial paper but
the supply was good. Among the notable
movements of the day were the decline of U.
in Baltimore & Ohio, and a rise of 2 points
in the common and preferred stock of the Sus
qu*hanna & Western.
The bond market was very active and the
high grade Issues all showed high prices. There
were several transactions of par value of $100 -
000. It was very well distributed, but the
Atchison. Union Pacific, Texas & Pacific and
■Union Pacific. Denver & Gulf issues led in
point of activity. Total sales, $3,500,000 United
Estates _4s registered are >4 higher and the new
4s J i Kid higher.
NEW YORK, Jan. -The total sales of
stocks day were 355.000 shares, including:
AtchU-,., 5240; Burlington. 17,617: Louisville
and Nashville. 6450: Manhattan, 26.950;, Metr
opolitan street Railway. RM: Hawaiian Com
mercial Company. 5535; Missouri Pacific. 3360;
New York Central. 3940; Northern Pacific, 25,
962: Northern Pacific preferred. 19.900: Rook
Island. 8530; St. Paul. 17,382; Union Pacific.
21,005; Union Pacific. Denver and Gulf. 0000:
American Tobacco, 3050; Chicago Great West
ern. 6935; People's Gas. 5950; Oregon Improve
ment Company, 342": Sugar, 49.357: Tennessee
Coal ami Iron. 3450; Western Union. 6623.
TUB LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 11. -The Evening Posts
financial • cablegram says: The stock market
here shows only a moderate account. Contan
goes were easier because Of the plentiful sup
ply of money, those of |p\mericans being 4&5
per cent. ;
The activity In stocks . to-day was centered
in Grand Trunks. Americans and Argentines.
All of these were good, but the first two closed
under the best. China stocks were strong.
Negotiations for the new China loan are pro
ceed Inc favorably. Mines were. good. The
possibility of a new financial policy by the In
dian Government, announced in these dis- i
patches yesterday, in a chief topic of conver- i
sation, although nothing has yet been set
1 tied or announced. Meanwhile the money
i stringency in India increases, resulting in i a
further rise in the bank rates th.-re to-day.
Gold may leave here to-morrow for Egypt and
' Argentina. Some was sent to-day from
France.
I have reason to believe that the Indian
I currency measure framed on the lines hither
to indicated will be submitted to the council
j In India on Friday.
MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.— Money on call easy;
actual transactions ranging from 24 to 3 per
cent: last loan. 2*4 per cent: closed, bid and
asked, 2V>!S 1 3 per cent. Prime Mercantile Paper,
3\i&*\i per cent. Sterling Exchange easier, '
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 S3® '
$4 854 for demand and at $4 Ss(i?4 t>s"i for sixty >
days. Posted rates. $4 83 1 »@4 86. Commercial |
bills, $4 824. Silver certificate*!. 67H05GC: Bar
Silver, E74c. Mexican dollars, 46c. Government
bonds strong; State bonds dull; railroad bonds !
strong.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 12 7 * St P & Om .... 76
Do pref .* 31V Do pref 14S
Dalt & Ohio .... 12V ft P M & M.... 122
Can Pac >O4O 4 ,Bo Pacific 21*4 '
Can Southern .. 524' Bo Railway 88 7 fc
Cent Pacific m, Do Pref Sltjj !
Ches & Ohio 1 - Tex A: Pac * I]
Chi & Alton .... 1644 Union Pac -■•',
C B & Q 1014 iV V D & c, i" L
Chi & E 111 66 ! Wnbash . 7- 4
C C C & St 1...... 35% i !'•' Pref IS^
Do prof go Wheel &- L E... 3\,
Del & Hudson .. 114 j Do pref l.' ;
Del L & w ias^4 Express Companies-
Den &- R O 1114: Adams Ex IV"
Do pref 47> 4 i American Ex ... i it
Erie (new) is | United State* ... 41
Do Ist pref 1 -"* Wells Fargo 112
Ft Wayne it,-.:-. Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor pref .... 132 ' A Cot Oil 224
Hocking Val 74 Do pref 71
Illinois Cent 107%, I Ann Spirits 7%
Lake Erie & W.. 16% Do pref 18%
Do pref 7;-.. Am Tobacco .... '•" ,
Lake Shore 176 Do pref 116
Louis & Nash .. 57 People Gas ... !M4
Manhattan L ... 115V4|Cons Gas 1754
M--t St Railway.. 133 | Com Cab Co 175
Mich Cent 103 Col F & I K*i
Minn & St L.... ■::■•- ! Do Pref 7:.
Do Ist pref .... 86 " i O<"n Klec a:.', i
Mo Pacific 34% I Illinois Steel .... 49%
Mob A Ohio 29' Laded. > Gas 15
Mo X & T Hi^jLead 38
Do pref 36^ Do nref 106
Chi Ind & L.... B%!>-*at Lin Oil 174 j
Do pref 30 jOi- Imp Co 22
N .1 Cent M% j Pacific Mail .... 31% ;
N V Cent ion", I Pullman Pal .... 174**
N V Chi & St L. 1314 Silver Cert 57»<, :
Do Ist pref .... 70 I Stan R & T.... 4
Do 2TI pref .... 36 I Sugar 142T4
Nor West 14 Do pref US
No Amer Co 4% TC * Iron 27 i i
No Pacific 234 13 S Leather 6 7 *
Do pref 63% • Do pref 644
Ontario & w .... 16 3 * 0 S Rubber 15%
Or R & Nay 394 Do pref C.14
I Or Short Line .. 21V4 West Union 924
I Pittsburg 168 C & N W 122' 4
'Reading 22 I Do pref |t(i|
Do Ist pref .... 614 Chi G W 1;%
Rock Island ..... 914 St L & S W. ... 4
St L & S F .... 7% Do pref t%
Do Ist pref .... 67% R C, W. 22
Do 2d pref .... 27 Do pref 60.
St Paul S6 Haw Com Co .. 30%
Do pref 1441; ,
CLOSING BONDS.
C S new 4s re* . 1294|N J «■ :.« llUi
Do coup 1294 N Carolina 6? .. 125
V S 4s 113 i Do 4s m
Do coup u::v No Pac lsts 117%
Do ids 994 Do 3s 62U
US 5s reg 114% Do 4s ... " iii !
Do 5s coup .... 114** IN V <• * S L 4s. 107
Dist I 65s 116 Nor & W6s .... 1244
Ala class A 107 Northwstrn con 144i4
Do B 107 Do del. is 117U
Do C 100 O Nay lsts 1134
Do Currency ..101 ( > Nay 4s ... '.4 .
Atchlson 4s 91 OH Line r,n tr. . . 124
Do adj 4s EB% O S Line 5s tr 97
Can So 2ds 109 O Imp lsts tr 105
Chi Term 5.1% Do 5s tr.... 60
C & Ohio 6s 1144 Pacific fig of 95.. 103' i
C H & D 44»..-. 104«; Reading 4s ...... R4V*
D & R O lsts.... 10S>i n G W lsts .... 83%
D & R G 45.... 90 SL & I MC — ■-■
East Term lsts .. 10$ SL&S FG 6s 117
j Erie Gen 4s .... 71* iSt P Con 1394
F W & I) lots tr. 73?»|S P C & P lsts.. 1194
Gen Elec 5s 100 7 4 Do us 1164
GH & S A 65.. 105 S Carolina non-f. ;u
Do 2ds 100 So Ry (a '■"",
H&T. C6a 110 Stan R& T 65.. 6 ■'• .
Do con 6s 105 : Term new set 3s. S7
lowa con lsts ... $9 7 Tex PL Q lsts.. i>3%
Kan P con tr.... 904 Do rg 2ds .... 304
X P Ist Dtr .... 110 Union Pac lsts .. 188
La new con 4s. . 101 UP D& <; lsts.. E4»;
L & N Uni 45.... 854 Wab Ist 5s UK
Missouri 6s 100 Do 2ds git;
, M X & T 2d5.... 83% W Shore 43 .... 109%
Do 4s S7>6 Va Centuries ... 6:"-
N V Cent lsts ..116 I Do deferred ... 34
MINING STOCKS.
; Chollar :.... 22 I Ontario 2 DO
Crown Point 22 Ophlr bo
■ Con Cal & Va 1 10 Plymouth M
Deadwood 1 10 ] Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry .. 30 Do pref 900
Hale & Norcrs.. 1 20! Sierra Nev ...!]!! 60
Homestake 37 {*< Standard '.'. 160
Iron Silver .'.: Union Con 30
Mexican 20 Yellow Jacket ... 30
BOSTON.
BOSTON, Jan. 11.— Atchison. 12!*; Bell Tele
; phone. 267: Burlington. 101%; Mexican Central,
6: Oregon Short Line. 21%: San Diego, — .
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11. -Special cable and tele
graphic dispatches to Bradstreet's covering the
principal points of accumulation indicate the
■ following changes in available supplies last
i Saturday, as compared with the preceding Sat
• urday:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rocky Mountains, increase 138,000 bu , afloat
for and in Europe, increase 500,000 bu; world's
'■ supply, total Increase 638,000 bu.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, Increase 2.516.000 bu.
Large grains and decreases about balance In
Bradstreet's report of visible grain supply this
I week. Among the larger increases In Wheat
stock not reported in the official supply are
I the gains of 159.000 bu at Galveston. 100.000 bu
at Minneapolis private elevators, 57.000 bu-at
j Cleveland and 49.000 bu at Fort William and
Keewatln. Ont. The heaviest decrease reported
■ is that of 250,000 bu at Northwestern interior
; elevators.
GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
YEW TORK. Jan. U.-FLOUR-Recelpts.
ll.<v»o bbls: exports, 23.930 bbls. Moderately
a'tive and Bteady.
WHEAT— Receipts. 35,300 bu; exports. 86.711
bu. Spot firm; No. 2 red, $1 00^. Options
opened easy on cable news, but was generally
firm all day on light offerings, late export de
mand, active covering and strong Northwestern
news, closing S'S%C- net higher: No. 2 red Jan
uary. 98®88^c, closed 9S>«c; May, 91?ig'j2Uc
closed S2V4o. •«■/».
HOPS— Firm.
WOOL— Very steady.
FETROLEIM—
METALS-It was another dull flay in metals,
the market being absolutely without new fea
tures and no change In prices of conscience
At the close the Metal Exchnnp»> called I'iplroii
warrants very dull at $i. SOO6 » I.iik« Conner
unchanged at $10 M9U, Tin unchanged at V.'. :\
9UK, Spelter unchanged at «3 :»<•', t and Lead
very <lull at $3 VTSaZ 75. The firm that fixes the
settling price? for miners and smelters quoted
Lejid $3 B at the close.
COFFEE- Options closed steady with prices
net unchanged. Sales. 14,r.i» bags, including
March, r,.6.Vfj.-).70c. Spot Coffee— UJo lower to
sell; mild, quiet.
SI'GAR— Raw. firm: fair refining ,Tte- cen
trlfucal, N test. 4 1316 c; refined, stead*
PITTER-Recelpts. 99fm packages. Steady
uestern creamery, Ws2lc; factor>". 12915 C
EGGS Receipts, 4.VKI packages Steady: State
and Pennsylvania. SO® 23c; Western, 21*/2Jc.
DRIED FRUITS.
■'• NEW YORK , Jan. 11 -California dried
fruits: Apples steady, other fruits quiet
Evaporated apples, common, ~, r a~i>- per pound
prime wire tray. M 4 c; wood drl«yi prime. g*«j
i'Ac: choice. $%c; fancy. 909'ic: prunes. SOSC
apricots Royal. Tfi"" lloorpark fenc
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7QlOc; peeled. 12@20c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. .Tan. There were supporting
; orders .In Wheat at the opening and also
j enough buying of short Wheat at the same
. time to make firmness quickly follow a weak
! opening. First trades In May were at from 90* i
: QSOUc. compared with SO^c yesterday. Beyond
a drain at Liverpool, no reason was apparent
for the opening decline. Pome weakness was
developed on yesterday's curb and anticipation
of a moderate, raid to-day probably had Its In
fluence at the start. Prices slowly Improved
during the next hour, but the height of Its
forenoon bulge was 90% c. • The only notable
feature of that %c rise from the lowest point
at- the opening was dullness and the small ex
tent of i business that accompanied ' it. One
rather heavy local operator bought 1 about 200 -
THE SAX FRAXCTSCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, JANTABY 12, 1898.
000 bushels and sold at a higher price, and. the
most of the other buying in the first two hours
was by the local scalpers, who. it appears,
must have generally gone home short yester
day. * : ? ' :•","-■ ■ ■, ■■• v ••• ..
The closing of foreign markets was at H^'-jd
decline at Liverpool, from 10 to 15 centimes
decline in Flour and 4 to 5 centimes In Wheat
at Paris, with Antwerp unchanged.
•During the afternoon the market developed
I marked strength. The LHter party, although
I selling small, certainly bought a good deal
more than they dispose,] of. A good ninny of
I the. smaller shorts covered very freely toward
! the close and the market responded quickly to
the buying. May advancing; to 91V»c and was
bringing 91e at the close.
Corn was firm, although the market was very
dull. May closed *£c higher. . :
The firmness of Wheat and Corn was mainly
responsible for the strength in Oats. Offerings
were light. May closing V higher.
There was a small market in Provisions.
; Prices wore firm and ruled lit a slight advance.
I At the close May pork was Be higher. May lard
a shade higher and May ribs 2Uc higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 3—
! January 91 . 914 91 914
I Ma >' *"i » Il <i 90% 91
Ju '3' ••••■ MMi 31% 81 Sl*
Corn No.« 2—
1 January' 2«4 26 5 ; 26Vi 30%
May ;9 2<'j 29 20%
July .: 30 30*8 30 so%
Oats No. 2—
May «34 2 3* i 23U .23%
July •••■••• 22* 201 22* 224
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January .. $9 25
May t9 274 $9 374 *9 27', 9 374
Lard, per 100 IT'S— "
] January 470 . . 470
May 4 774 4 M 4 4 75 • 4 80
July 4 K. 490 4554W
Short Ribs, per 100 Ton—
January 4 57%
I May 465 470 485 470
I Cash quotations .were, as follows: Flour,
easy. No. 2 spring wheat. l -j<s?S7c ; No. 3
! spring wheat. MXff9oc: No. 2 red. 9ms>S2c:"Ko.
i 2 corn. 26T«t27c; No. 2 oats. 22%®22%c: No. 3 I
1 white, f. o. b.. 24f?24M.e: No. 2 rye. 44% c: No. j
, 2 barley, f. o. b.. 28®43c; N"o 1 flaxseed. Jl IS@
, 1 22: prime timothy seed. J2 774; mess pork.
I per bbl. $9 2r.©9 30; lard, per 100 lbs, $4 70:
short ribs sides (loose). $4 45©4 70; dry salted
! shoulders, (boxed), $4 75<j?5; short clear sides
i (boxed». $4 7;'#4 ST.; whisky, distillers' finished :
gcods. per gal. $1 19.
I Articles. Receipts. Shipments.
I Flour.- bbl 23.000 IK.OOO
Wheat, bu . fio.nno 41.00Q <
Corn, bu 357.000 149.000 •
Oats, l.v 303.000 331.000 •
Rye. bu 23.000 4.000 |
Barley, bu - 65.000 19.<* V) I
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter |
market was steady: creameries. 14'>i21c: dairies. ;
111817 c; cheese, quiet, 84c; Eggs, steady; fresh, .
; 21c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS
Receipts. Shipmts. '
Cities— Bush. Bush.
Minneapolis 154.920 36.CM
Duluth 49.775 19.900
Milwaukee 3S.OM
Chicago 80.800 40.587
Toledo 21.552 1.080
St Louis 20.000 17.000
Detroit 4,152 14.058
Kansas City
Totals 349.197 129.505
Tidewater
! Boston 6.437 10.200 ;
New York .711
, Philadelphia 3.79."> 32,818
■ Baltimore 44,762 '
New Orleans 112.0^1
Totals 03.994 211.729
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
Wheat — Jan. Mar.
Opening 60 10 :•« 70
Closing 69 85 68 10
Flour
; Opening IS 50 27 85
Closing 2S 40 27 5-)
PARIS FUTURFS.
Mar. May. July. Sept.
[Opening 71% 7 '•* 69% 6 4
Closing 72. 7V» 6 i**H 6 4»4
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 11.— The few small lots of
cattle that were choice In quality Bold satis
. factorily to-day, but the common and mid
dling grades were slow and weak. A good
I many northern fed Texans sold at $43* 60 and
some steers shipped direct from Texas sold
at $3 5004 10. bulls fetching; J2 75@3 50: West
ern fed steers sold at $4£N 85. The export de
mand for cattle was active at $4 7O''ts 15 for
steers averaging 120091500. There was a fair
■tocker and feeder trade at $3 36#4 25. a few
common stockers going for $3<&3 25.
The traffic in butchers' and canners" stuff
• was fairly active at steady prices, canning
cattle selling particularly well. Cows and
heifers sold at tH 25. chiefly at $2 50©3 70. and
bulls went mainly at 33493 75.
MOOS' Bales wi-re at an extreme range of
V. MOl 70. the KTf&'. bulk Of the hogs crossing
the s.-ales at $3 ",'(•3 6.'. Toward noin choice
droves sold for $3 60 and good lots at 13 TO
Pigs sold largely at $3 3."
The market for sheep and lambs was stronger
to-day, with a good demand. Sheep were sala
ble at 3393 18 for the poorest and at $4 2.Vu4 ." r >
for the best droves. Western fed sheep sold at
Jl 711^4 SO. Yearling sheep sold at $4 854g>4 TO
and lambs were In good demand at $o^s 75.
with sales chiefly at J.'. 'l." P"
Receipts— Cattle, 40l«; Hogs. 34.000; sheep.
11,000.
DENVER.
DENVER. Jan. 11.— CATTT.F. Receipts. 221.
Market active. Beef steers. $3 25-gi 4 : cows, $2«?
3 60: bulls, stags, etc., $1 T.O-§3 >; feeders and
stockera, $.1 2.'.'a4.
HOGS— Receipts. 424. Market firm and 6c
higher. Demand easy. Light packers, {3 40^?
3 60; heavy. »3 35^3 45: mixed, $3 30^3 45; bulk
of sale 6. $3 4.',.
SHEEP — No receipts. No quotations.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Jan. 11.— CATTLE— Receipts,
10.000. Market steady to strong. Texas steers,
13 :" a 4a 4 60; Texas cows. $2 >'(/:? 25; native steers.
M 70<j?5; native cows and heifers. $2 1504;
stockem and feeders. $3''<4 40; bulls, $2 50©4 75.
HOGS— Receipts. 19,000. Market steady to
weaker. Hulk of sales. $J 35fi3 50: heavy. $3 30
(S3 55; packers. 13 3.V53 60: mixed. {3 30@3 60:
light. $2 60^3 45; yorkers, $3 40&3 45; pigs. $3@
3 35.
SHEEP— Receipts, 4r»oft Market firm. Lambß,
$4 75Jir. 70; muttons. J2 S. r .'fi4 60.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Jan. 11.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2600.
Market steady. Native rx>ef steers, $3 7.7J4 36;
Westerns. $3 8804 30: Texas steers, $3 6013 60:
cows and heifers. tV'i'i S5: canners. fi"(i'j 85;
Btookers and feeders. $3 60®4 60; calves, $4©'6;
bulls, stags, etc.. $2 2.*©3 60.
HOGS— Receipts. 9300. Market r.c low.
Heavy. $3 32>-..<< 3 45; mixed, $3 T..V53 45- light
$3 4-,®3 524: bulk of sales. IX 3T.<S3 45.
SHEEP— Receipts. 800. Market steady. Fair
to choice natives. $3 7304 40; Westerns do. $3 mi
"It 4 20; common and stock sheep. $3<g3 60; lambs
$4^5 50.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BORTOX. Jan. ll.— Prices In the wool mar
ket her* are stronger than for some weeks
past, while there has been a fair demand in
several (trades. Th« sales of Term wool
have been lively on the basis of SO cents for
scoured and fine and fine medium.
There has been little Inquiry for some grades
of fleece wools. Ohio delaine and Xo. 1 are
now quoted at 31c for choice lots, for which
a number of holders are asking 31' 2 c. Aus
tralian Xn. 1 holds firm an importers are
gradually hardening their prices. Quotations:
Territory wool, Montana fine medium and fine
ISfJISc: scoured. 4SJrSOc: staple, 52<553c; Utah
Wyoming, etc., fine medium nnd fine, It's 17c'
Australian, scoured basis, combing, superfine
70#72c: combing, good. 66@6Sc; combing, 62fie5c'
Queensland, 65c. ...»...>- . '
CONDITION OF THE TREASIRY.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 11. -To-day's state m »nt
of the condition of the Treasurj- shows: Avail
able cash balance, 1235.460.149; gold reserve
{161,7*1,155.
WOOL MARKET.
ANTWERP. Jan. ll— At the Wool sales h««re
to-day there were offered 2:<00 bales. There
was a lar(?e attendance and the competition in
general wap spirited. Encllsh buyers purchas
ing for their requirements freely "at full rates
Oood merinos advanced I centimes over the
[irl< c? (.litained at th»> lnst «alep. Other sorts
were goo 4 The sules were 707 bales of nuen..s
Ayres at <>2 to IK francs pep iw kilos and 755
balen of other La Plata descriptions at 72 to 190
francs.
FOREIGX MARKETS.
LONDON. Jan. 11.— Consols. 112 13-18; Sliver
26«4d; French Rentes. 103.25.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. .11. -Wheat dull; No. 1
standard California Wheat, 375; cargoes ofT
coast, nothing doing. 3«<M lower; cargoes on
passage, very little doing. 3ft 6d. lower; English
country market*. n wl*t; French country mar
Kets. dull. Liverpool Wheat, No. 1 California.
PHrii V we n Vhfat '" aiiSf weak -" Flour in
COTTON- Uplands, 3 7-52 d. \
CLOSK.
LIVERPOOL Jan. WHEAT— No 1 red
Northern Fpring dull. To s>4d. refl
COllN— Futures steady; January, 3s2Hd-
February. 3s "fed; March. 3s l'4d. '
PORTLAND'S BVJBINES&
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. 11. -Exchan K ea $363
:C0; balan<-K. $57.5:.7.
NORTHERN \VHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or Jan. 11.-Exporters In this
city still maintain an air of Indifference re
garding the wheat market and are not reach-
Ing out for business at present prices and
a 1a 1 . 10 },** 1 ?"" are> ""Rely nominal at 72{?73e for
A\alla Walla and 76c for valley and blue stem!
In the interior some buying Is reported at
Inures 2 or 3 cents per bushel better than
these, with the m. m of ' growers holding f,"
blsber prices. Flour has declined 10 cents per
barrel. *^
WASHINGTON.'
TACOMA, / Wash., Jan. s 3-— WHEAT— No. 1
club. 72!* c; No. 1 blue stem, 75',,c. '•
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — *4 53%
Sterling Exchange. eight — 4 8T.4
Sterling Cables — 4 SS
New York Exchange, sight — 15
£i PW York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17V4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 5.4
Mexican Dollars 47 47Vi
' WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS..
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are dull at 30st?31s 3d.
usual options. The chartered Wheat fleet in
I port has a registered tonnage of 59,078. against
40.300 tons on th» same date last year; dUen
j gaged. 20,700 tons, against 105,400: on the way
I to this port. ■ ir,2,400 tons, against 163.400.
WHEAT— Heathban'k takes for Cork
60.129 ctls, valued at J54.900.
The rain and a further drop In foreign
• cables depressed this market yesterday, as will |
, *■"" seen by the reduced quotations. The ship
pers withdrew from the market and there was
I nothing doing.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 BS%@
140 for No. 1. $1 411.4 for choice and $1 424®
• l 45 per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— COS o'clock— May, 4000 ctls.
$1 3.4: 8900, }1 37*,: IS.OOO. Jl 3714.
Second Session-May— 4ooo ctls, $1 37<4; 4000.
11 37U: »00. $1 37. •
■ Regular Morning Session— May— lß.ooo ctls.
II 38%; 30.000, 51 37.
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls. II 36%;
6000. $1 364; 2000. |1 3C%: 10.000. 31 36 »4; 54.000. i
11364; 2"on, 135T4; 76.000, $136.
BARLEY— It turns out that the rain in the
: great district* was heavier than supposed, and
the market Is weaker In consequence. There
Is still a good demand for Brewing on local
account, however but Feed is quieter.
Feed, 90<3924c for dark to good and 95<3974c
for choice: Brewing, $10740110 for No. 1 I
and $l@i 024 per ctl for dark Coast.
CALL BOARD SALES.
i Informal Session— o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls,
Me; 8000. S3%c.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls, 83Hc; 8000,
S3'»<-
Regular Momlng Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — May— lo.ooo ctls, 824 c;
3888, S2>c: 2000. S3c.
OATS— The market Is very firm at the ad
vance. Offerings are light and sales are small.
Fancy Feed. $1 2ixgl 25 per ctl: good to
I Choice, $1 1. jl 174; common, Jt] 1001 124;
Surprise, $1 25©1 35: Red. $1 30ffl 40; Gray.
U 1240-1 174; Milling. $1 07401 12H: Black,
for seed, $1 3601 50. Clipped Oats sell at $1®
2 per ton over the raw product.
CORN— Yellows are dull at the old prices, j
1 White is held for more money.
Small Round Yellow. 974c(g$l per ctl: Large
1 Yellow, 974'd95%c: White. 00<!i9.*iC.
RYE— Quiet but' steady at Sl'ifl 024 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is In light supply and higher :
, at $! 610] 75 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
! All descriptions under this head are the
same as for sum* time back.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras. :
$4 rs©4 €5; Bakers' extras. $4 3034 40 per hbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in Micks are as fol
low, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $5 per 100 rbs; Rye Flour. $2 50 per 100. j
j Rice Flcur. $5 75; Cornmeal. $4 25; extra cream
do. $3: Oatmeal, $2 50: Oat Groats, $4; Hom
iny. $3 10<S3 30; Buckwheat Flour. $3 25@3 50; .
Cracked Wheat. $3 25: Farina. J4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Relied Oats (bbls). $5 'O'J
6 90: In sacks, $3 75; Pearl Barley. $4; Split
Peas. $3 50; Green do. $4 25 per 100 tt>s.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Another advance In Hay Is noted. This time. !
It Is In the medium grades. There Is no fur- :
ther change in Bran and Middlings.
BRAN— SIS 50Q19 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— 33O4924 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, T2o*tn per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. J2S 50029 60;
Jobbing. »30: cn.-oanut Cake. $19ig20: Cotton
seed Meal. J29Q30 per ton.
HAY— (Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat, $13 50
016 per ton: Wheat and Oat, $1347 15: Oat.
$125714; Barley. 112913 50; compressed. 313 60CJ
I.'. 50; Alfalfa. $10 EO'gll 50; stock, $10<gll 50;
Clover. $10^12 per ton.
STRAW— 3O@4Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Colored sorts are strong and a further ad
vance in Pink Is noted. Whites are not in as
good request as colored.
BEANS — Bayos. $2 3B0B; Small Whites.
$1 3601 40; Large Whites. $1 3001 35; Pinks.
31 75@1 86: Reds. $1 snT,i 70: Blackeye. $2 25®
2 SO; Butters. $1 40t?l GO; Limas. $1 6051 70;
Pea. $1 3501 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 per ctl: Yellow
Mustard. %~'S2 50; Flax. $1 Ro©2; Canary Seed.
!H«r2\c per rb; Alfalfa, 6^c; Rape. 232\c:
Hemp. 3c: Timothy. 54c.
DRIED PEAS-Nlles. $1 25: Green, $1 20©
1 40 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONK 'NS. VEGETABLES.
Potatoes cor.Mnue firm, but Onions are
weaker under t\ » !,,rce receipts from Oregon.
Vegetables are about the same.
POTATOES Eirly Rose. 6ng;iV: River Reds.
♦si?sOc: River Burbnr ks. BOflfiSo; Oregon Bur
bankf, 88030 c; Salinas Burbanks. 760#91;
Sweet Pota! -. ' i-r ctl for Rivers and
WM77.V for Merced; new Volunteer Potatoes,
* ONIONS- « 25@2 40 per ctl; cut Onions, $1 50
ONIONS j: r,V2 40 per ctl; cut Onions. $1 SO
QZ per sack.
* U'.ES-Marrowfat Squash, $10SlI
per ton: Hut bard Squash. $10>iji2 per ton: Pried
Peppers. 50tc per lb: Dried Okra. 15c; Cab
bage, 604?75c per ctl: Carrots, 25@60c per sack;
Garlic. ;i^- per lb; Asparagus, 'Offiilv DM lb
Los Angeles Green Pens. 2i&4c: String Beans.
E»S6c for po->r fine*. 8® 10c for good to choice;
Tomatoes. 2*><!j7sc: Green Peppers. per Ib;
Summer Squash. — ; Egg Plant, — per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern goes on to-day. I^ocal
stock Is quieter and rather weaker at. a rule.
Game is doing better.
POULTRY-
Live Turkeys, Ilffl2c for Gobblers and nf?
12<- for Hens: dressed Turkeys. UJOMC per lb:
Geese, per pair. $1 2.V?1 7:.; Pucks. $4 RMi5 50;
Hens. 33 Sn ; iters. young. H jtriio r.O: do
Old. B f*!H. Fryers, $4 .WS:>: Broilers. $4
for large and 33494 for small: Pigeons, $1 50^2
per dozen for young and tl for old.
OAME-minll. p.-r doz. 31; Mallard. $3f?
3 M; Canvashack. U SO0C: SpHg. $1 7.".-u2. T.-al
HOI 26; Widgeon. Jl'nl 2r,. Small Pucks. 7.*.cQ»l-
Gray c, P ,. s ,. «■ ,-,, .■ white, |l ; Urnnt. Jl B0«l 75;
Honkers. $* Kncltsh Snipe. $2: Jack Snips
*1 : Hare. |l ; Rabbits. $1 25' a 150 for Cot
tontails and 7>'3sl for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
There is no further decline In Butter, but
most dealers arc making concessions to sell.
Cheese is w»>ak. Eitgs are slightly lower and
receipts ;in' larger.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creameries, . 26@274c; sec
onds, 344525aC.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 23t«25c: lower grades,
21«224c per rt..
Eastern Hotter— 2l<3224c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 110114 c: com
mon to good. 8@10c: Cream Cheddar, 10©llc;
Young America. 1140124 c; Western. 1101?e:
Eastern. 124613Ue per lb.
EGOS— Ranch Eggs. 2r.(SJ27c per dozen: store
Eggs. 21© 23c; Eastern are cleaned up.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
citrus fruits are quiet at previous prices.
Apples are in free supply anl unchanged.
DECIDUOUS FRUIT&-
Cranberries, $7®B per bbl ; Coos Bay, $1 500
2 per box.
Apples. 25@40c per box for common. Socftsl
for good to choice and $1 25^1 40 for fancy;
Lady Apples. B0c(S$l for large boxes.
Persimmons. 2;.®40c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. ' $1 -56
2 2.i; Seedlings. 50c@$l 25; Mandarins. 1101 M;
Grape Fruit. $3^4 per box: Lemons. 50c©
$1 for common and $1 25(!?1 75 for rood to
choice: Mexican Limes. $ligo -per box; Cali
fornia Un« In small bore?, 30<fi75c; Hananns,
$1 2f.©2 25 per bunch: Pineapples, $3^4 per
dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS. ETC.
Trade Is still quiet, though there is some
selling all along.
DRIED FRUITS—
Prunes, carload lots. 3?i@4l4c for 40-50's. Sl4©
J*c for 60-60" s.l»i©3%c for 60-70-«. 2K®2*ic for
70-S0 I*.1 *. I"i'(i2>4c for 80-90's. 1%«?1%c for 90-100-s:
reaches, So4»4c; fancy. 6j?s>4c; .peeled, 10©
12V£c; Apricots, T>@tc for Royals and 7@Sc for'
good to fancy Moorparks; evaporated Apples,'
IH6"c; nun-dried. 4<ff4Vjc; black Figs. in sacks'
IS2Hc: Plums, 4Hi?4ftc for pitted and lfl>iuc
for unpitt<>J; bleached Plums. 6@s'/ 4 c- Nec
tarines, 4'rf sc for prime to fancy; Pears 2U@
4?4c for quarters and 3@DHc for halves, accord
Ing to color, etc. ■
RAISINS— New Raisins, 2«g-3c for two
crown, 4c for three-crown. Be for four-crown
6V4c for Seedlesn Sultanas and SI • io©i 15 tar
London layers; dried Grapes. 2%c. ■
Chestnuts are quotable at 8«10c nrr
lb; Walnuts, f.(36c for hardshell and 6STc
for softshell: Almonds. 2'i«3Hc for hardshell
Mite for softshell . and 7®Bc for paper-shell-
Peanuts, 4S3',Jc for Ka?«-rn and 4-. for r-aii '
fornin; Pecans, 6V4®Bc; Filberts, SH*@loc: Bra
ill Nuts, S@9c per Tb; - Cocoanuts, $4 505; per
_ IIONET— New Comb. Bgloc for bright and 5®
"c- for lower grades; new water-white m.
tract 4';^sc; light amber extracted, Sfi'Qi^c
p*r Ib. *
. BEESWAX-S3g2sc per n>. .
PROVISIONS.
The demand for Alaska Is springing up and
trade Is. better In consequence. Haras, Bacon
and ; l>ard are firm, but unchanged.. "
CURED MEATS— Bacon. B*ic per !b for
heavy, 9C9 C for light medium, 10c for light, 10Hc
for extra light and 12c for supar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 10V4©llc; California
Hams. '.•@9i^c; Mesa Beef, .$8 50 per bbl; extra
mess do,.*) 50; family do. $ll'nl2; salt Pork. ;
JS@S EO;. extra prime Pork. $9 50; extra clear '
*16; mess. $14 50; Smoked Beef. . HVoI2V4« per
", LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at l%c per Tb
for compound and 6c for pure; pails, 7c; Call
fornta tierces. Ec per n> for compound and 60
for pure; half-bbls. 6^c; 10-Ib tins, 7c; do 5-lt>,
<M:C per TT>.
j COTTOL'SNE— Tierces. C%o6Vic;. packages,
' less than Sf<o lbs— l-tT> palls. 60 In a case. S"*c:
. 3-TT> pails. 20 In a case. We; 5-Tb pails. 12 in a
i rase. Syc; 10-Ib pails. 6 In a case. S',c. 50-Ib
tins, one or two in a case. 7Hc: wooden buck
ets2o rbs net - 77/4 c: fancy tubs. SO lbs net. 7*c;
, half-bbls. about 110 !bs. Vie per Ib.
I j HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL. AND HOPS.
There Is no change whatever in the situ
ation. Hides are firm and selling fairly. Wool
. is firm but dull, and Hops are steady and well
1 cleaned up. • :..*: ..* » .
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
at lc under sound stock. Heavy salted steers,
10<f?10^c per lb; medium, 9c: light. 9c; Cow
hides. 9@>9%c: Stags, 6c; salted Kip. 10c; Calf.
lie: dry Hides, 16c: culls and brands. 13c: dry
Kip and -Veal. Hglac: dry Calf. IsiJ?2Oc; culls*
, lS6l<c; Goatskins. 20<337%ceaeh; Kids. s@loc;
Deerskins, good, summer. . 25© 30 c per lb; me
' dium, 2"c: winter. 10c: Sheepskins, shearlings.
SOC3Oc each: short wool. 40<i?70c each; medium'
1 70fl>90c: long wools. 90c Gil 30 each.
TALLOW— No 1 rendered. 3t?3Mc per lb; No.
I, t<S2\ic: refined. sc; Grease. 2<SJ2«c.
WOOL— Fall clip— Middle counties-free. 100
13c: do. defective. 10®llr:San Joaquln. defec
, tive, 7©9 c; Southern Mountain. SWllc: free
Northern. 12®13c: do defective. 9!?llc: Hum
boldt and Mendoclno. lStf?irc: Eastern Oregon.
9fTl?c: Valley Oregon. IWISr.
ttops— Old crop. ?«T»!c for poor to fair and 8
<010 c for good: new crop, Uffjlsc per lb.
■ SAN FRANCISCO MEAT. MARKET.
Hops are steady, but receipts are rather
larger. There is no change in Beef and Mut
ton.
Wholesale rates for dressed beef stock from
■lantfhterers are as follows:
EEEF— First quality. 6%@7c; Beconfl do. Hi©
: 6c: third do, 4^sc per lb.
VEAL— Large, 6«T6e: small. 6®7c per lb, -I' '
MUTTON— Wethers. 6@7c: ewes. 6c per IK
LA MR— Spring, nominal.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3»i«S3%c for large and
3»J«T3Hc for small and "'-.*?3Hc for medium;
moft Hogs. 2%®3Uc; dressed do. 5®5%c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grnln Bags. 1598 delivery. 5%
©5»;c; Wool Bags. 27®30c.
COAL— Wellington. 18; New Wellington. 18;
Southfleld Wellington, 17 50; Seattle. $5 60;
Bryant, $5 50; Coos Bay. |1 75; Wcllsend. $7 00:
Cumberland, |!4 50 In bulk and $16 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite . Egg. «15; Cannel, }j
! per ton; Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleas
! ant Valley. $7 60; Coke. *13 per ton in bulk and
{15 in tacks.
CORDAGE — Prices are as follows: Ma
nila— l> 4 -inrh. i?\c; 12- thread. "Vie; C and 9
; thread. 7?ic: bale rope, 6\"&7>ic. Sisal—l%
i Inoh. .".•-•ic; 12-thrend. 6Vic; 6 and 9 thread. 6*ic
bale rope. s*iS6»4c.
. '-ANN--!, i- M ITS— Prices for tin- ]«S7 pack
are as follows: Black Cherries. $1 25©1 50 -
White Cherries, Jl 801 75; Peaches and Pears!
90c«T$l 10; Apricots, 60iU90c.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, 70cQ|l 23-
I Tomatoes, 70c.
' • ■IFEB—
Costa Kica— l7@lSHc norn for prime washed
(none here); 15'31fic norn for good washed (none
here); 17©17^~c norn for good peatxrry (none
here); 13-& 14 3,.'3 ' for good to prime: 19012* for
good mixed with black beans; S^fm'.jc for
fair; SViSiSVic for common to ordinary.
Salvador— l4fi 16c for good to prime washed
12ijl3Hc for fair washed; inn !7<- for good to
prime washed peaberry; 10H@>UHc for superior
unwashed: 10c for good green unwashed; 9»i
GlOc for good bleached unwashed; 14015 c for
good to prime unwashed neaberry.
Nicaragua— lOigllc for Rood to superior un
washed; IS>- for good unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— l7(2lSHc for prime
to fancy washed (new crop); 15ifl6V>c for good
to strictly (rood washed (new crop); lin^Uc
for fair washed (old crop); "H'nlO'ic for me
dium 'old crop): RU'JiTc for ordinary (old crop);
3 ;©5Hc for Inferior to common (old crop); 16c
for Rood washed peaberry (old crop); 14c for
Rood unwashed peabfrry loW! crop); KKillc;
for Rood to superior unwashed (old crop).
Oik— California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1. 95c;
bbls. 90c per cal (manufacturers" rates); Lin
seed Oil. In bbls. boiled. 53c;. do raw, 51c;
cases So more; Lard Oil.' extra winter strained,
bbls, fi'c; No. I, 45c; cases, He more: China
Nut. 47<fI5ic per gal: Neatsfoot Oil. bbls, 60c:
ca»<-s, Be; No. 1, bbls, 60c: eases, 55c; Sperm.
crude r,.H-: natural white, SOc; bleached do. Ssc;
Whale ('II. natural white, 40c; bleached do. 4 jc ;
Pacific Rubber mixed Paints, white and house
colors, $1 I's'cT 1 35 per gallon; wagon colors, J2@
2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE. ETC. —The
Standard Oil Company quotes as: follows:
Water-whit* Coal Oil. in bulk. Me; Pearl Oil.
In <as4«s. r.'-,.-: Astral do, i.",:-c; Star do. i.",v 2 ,-;
Extra Star Oil, cases. 19»4c: Elaine, do, 20»ic:
Eocene do, 17>ic: Deodorized Stove Gosoline in
bulk. He; do In cases. l«Vjc: 63 deg Deodorized
Naphtha, in bulk. 10»4c: 0.1 deg do. in cases,
i;.' : c: m; deg. Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; 86 deg. do,
In cases. ?:>c per gallon.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6@7c per It)
TCRI -EXTINK-In cases 50c: In iron barrels.
450: in wooden barrels. 47c per srallnn.
LUCOL— Boiled, bbls. 43c: do cases, 4Sc; raw.
bbls, 41c: do cases. 46c per gallon.
CANDLES— The Standard Oil Co. quotes
as follows: Electric Light— «'s, 16 oi. 7'» c: 14
'■*. 6>;c; 12 oz. 12' 4 c; 10 oz. 4Vic. Granites—
Parafflne Wax Candles— l's, 2's, 4's, 6's and
12'b. white. S^c: colored. 9*ic.
LEATHER— Harness, heavy. M#Kc per 1b;
do medium. 2Sc; do lißht,-26@27c: rough I>»ath-
T. 22(g23c; Kips. $40545 per dozen: Calf, 9Oco>sl
per Ib: rough splits. 7498 c; belt-knife splits. 10®
15c; Collar Leather. black. M4fl2e per foot:
do russet, 10@12c; Skirting Leather, 30@35c per
Ih. '-»"•-..'.-"
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6*4 c: Powdered. 6%c; Dry
Granulated. a\c: Confectioners' A. 5%c; Mag
nolia A. S^c: Extra C, r.«».'; Golden C. 5V»c;
Candy Granulated. 6?»c; California A, sVic per
lb: half-bbls V»c more than barrels, and boxes
He more. . •
WOOD. LUMBER, ETC.
Posts. 85J10c each for No. 1 and 5V436c for
No. 2; Redwood. $5 per cord; Oak. rough
$6 GO; peeled. $9: Pine. *:. 75.
LUMBER— Retail prices are nominally as
follows: Pine, ordinary sizes. 1 1 -vi 14 for No. 1
and %'• :.r>'n 11 for No. 2; extra sizes higher. Red
wood— $14-917 for No. 1 and $11@12 50 for No. 2;
Lath 4 feet, $1 70@l SO: Pickets. $16; shingle-,
Jl 25 for common and $2 25 for fancy: Rustic,
$19©21; shakes, $?.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday. January 11. •
Flcur. qr sks .... 4.60S j Middlings, ska .. 103
Wheat, etls 2.780 1 Hay. tons £*)
Barley, ctls 5.6fi5i Straw, tons 33
Corn, ctls r 340 Egg*, doz 5 910
Tallow, ctls E2B Brpomcorn bdls . mi)
Cheese, ctls .... 79 Wine, gals ....... 72r.ni
Batter, ctls .... 104 leather, rolls .. is.'
Beans, Bks 210 Quicksilver, risk. 70
1 toes, sks .... 2,092, Brandy .gals .. 1.000
Onions, sks • 4.".2 Pelts. bills 3«|
. Bran, sks 217 ■ Hides, no 201
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
John P. and Sarah P. Hammond to Leon
Wlnant. lot on S\V corner of Burrows and
Cambridge streets. S MM by W 120. lot 1. block
93. University Homestead: $1';.
Peter Dean t« Al"\:mder and Katherlna Hls
chler, lot on SE corner of Worden and Porter
avenues. S 23. X t.> M:«si..n str.^t. N to Wor
den avenue. \V K4. block 2.'. West End map I:
Same and Thomas V. O'Brien to same, lot
, on X line of Porter avenue. S 25. E to Mission.
N 25. W. to beginning, block 22. same: $10
Henry "\V., Edith H.. Arthur H. H. and Mary
E. Demlng. Alice M.. Herbert R. and Lydia
• Reaser, Harold C. and Emellle Van Doran
Smith. Grace K. and Wilbur O. Zelgler, Flor
ence 1,, and David W. Williamson to Joseph
Q. Ivmlng. lot on XW corner of Polk street
and Fern avenue, X 30 by W 100: $10.
Ernest D. Woodman and Sigmund M. Bett
man to Edwin Dakln, lot on S line of Fell
street. Mi E of Buchanan. X 41:3 to S 120: $;,.
I. W. and Theresa Wedeles to Morris Hey
man, lot on N line of Washington street S7-6
' W of Lyon. W 50. N 127: M«. E 27:6. S ,- E 226.
8 102:jUi: also lot on SW corner of Union and
Scott streets, W 137:6. S 137:6, E 27:6. X 60, X
US, N 77:6; also lot on N line of Clay street
137:6 E of Maple. E 110 by N 127:8U: 'also lot
on S line of Washington street, 137-6 E of
Walnut, E 107:6 by S 127 v- 4 : $10.
Catharina Toedter (wife of Peter) to Anton
! Zwlck. lot on W line of Mission street, 110 N
■ of Eighteenth. X 25 by W SO; $10.
I Charles F. Nichols to James A. Dyer un
divided half of lot on W line of Dolores street
234 S of Twenty-first. 8 26 by \V 125; $5.
Edmund E. Aubry to Cecelia A. Young, lot
on E line of Chattanooga street. 65 X of
Twenty-third. X 25 by E 117:6: $10.
Hibernla Savings and I. nan Society to E M
Long, lot on S line of Twenty-fifth street 231-6
W of Church. W 25:11 by S 114; $750.
Mary T. ("ashman to Hlbernia Savin** and
Loan Society, undivided half of lot on SW cor
ner of Front and Jackson streets. S 91 :S by W
137:6; $10. ! |
Kdwln Dakln to Indiana B. Dakln (wife of
Edwin), undivided half of lot on SW corner
of El Dorado and Vermont streets, \V 100 by
S 162:6; Rift. }
Ernest D. Woodman and Sigmund M Bett
man to Indiana B. Dakln (wife of Edwin)
undivided half of lot on SW corner of Ei
Dorado and Vermont streets, W 100 by S
162 : C; $•'. ~ . . .
R. W. and Mary E. Tanslll. by A S Bald
win (attorney), to Charles 11. Ford, lot on S
''"'.'.- °,f, f ( eP . t ,\ 276 Wof Fifteenth avenue.
William C. Winter to Edwin Lawrance lot
103 b> E xTw er »?«> Tenth avenue an M ■ tre^- X
Anna G. E. and J. Randerß Reed to Eva F
Fisher, lot on W line of Forty-first avenue. 175
S of W street. S 2.'. by W 120; $10. •
,. Eva E. Fisher to Abraham Kuef. lot on W
25 nny°W^lM?'n ny°W^lM?' "$!o St avenue ' 175 Sof W street. 3
Richard Con way to Catherine Dixon (wife of
Jamrsi. lots 503 to 510, lft map No. 1 ■ $io
A. S. Macdonald to John Svabek, lot on SE
line of Arlington street. 128 XE of Mlmjel \T
28 by SE 105. block M. Falrmounf $400
Klah M. Smith to Lucy M. Smith, lot com
mencing I»:l from SW corner of Geneva
ami Howth streets. S 144:6. W 36:6. x 23 W 73
Cl?y- Coo'C 00 ' N m E - * bIOCk "'• San Ml « ue i
ALAMEDA ' COIXTY.
■ A. J. and Anna E. Samuel to Anna C.
Smith (wife of Georße). lot on X line of Knox
avenue. ■ 553.70 1 W of . Telegraph avenue. W
: 8:.:11 X -111.67. JE' 35:12.: Si 111.18. to beginning.
portion , of Knox Park, Oakland; , $10. - 7 < *
| Edward and Mary -A. Clark to ' Mary v D. '
Bartlett (wife of J. M.). lot on E line of
Summit street. K5 S of Orchard avenue. S
4u by X 100, being a portlun of. Buena Vista
Homestead. Oakland; $10.
Charles K. I'lumnwr to Charles Schirmer.
lot on SW line of East Twelfth street. 100
SK of Twelfth avenue, ?E iO by b\V 150,
block ss, cilnt. » n , East Oakland; '$10.
Tbomaa A. an.l Kate A. Douglas to Doug
las and S--:sle Zirkle, hit on SW corner of
Hamilton and Lincoln streets. W 12!).32. S
134.87. B HH.'.'l. X 13.". to beginning, block B,
on map of portion of Plat 68, ranch of V. and
D. Teralta. Berkeley; |MM.
M. c. O*Toole to Louisa OToole, lot 6.
block 11. lots 1 to 6. S and ;., block 12. lot 3i.
4. 5. P. 8 and i<. block 12. property of the
Berkeley Villa Association, Berkeley; gift.
Oakland Fruit and Vineyard Company of
Fresno OoOßty (a corporation* to G. F. W.
Schultze, all interest in lot on NX corner of
Tremont street and ("banning way, E 132:7,
N US, W 122.X, B IM.3S to beginning, being
lots 23, X and W ' 2 of lot 21, block 2, Barker
Tmr-t. Berkeley; $2r-00.
William Urßham to Maria Davis, lot on X
line of College uvemie, $43.18 N from point of
Intersection of X line of College avenue with
Nw line of Claremont avenue, thence NE
314. 1f.. NX 105.62, SW 444JM, SB 123.49 to be
ginning, containing 1.042 acres, being the N
H of the Grove Mile House Tract. Oakland
Township; |M.
Henry A. and Christine S. P'.eitner to
Robert J. and Asrr.es Rarth. lot on NE corner
of Brandon and Washington strof-ts. N tt.so
by X 12."., block 77... Levy Tract, Brooklyn
Township, subject to a mortgage for $1400;
Isabella and J, If. Andrew* to p. R. K'ein.
re-recor<led ."2'.' <1 3tir>. lot on E line of Haven
street. "00 N of B, N 50 by X IS"., being luMl
vtoiona A and R in lot 6, block 802. Watts
Tract, map 2; $10.
William IX. Capell to Sarah K. Capeil. all in
terest in lot on W corner of E Fifteenth street
and Eighth avenue, NW 120 by SW 130, block
58, Clinton. East Oakland: gift.
A. H. and Mary 1... Richardson to Martha
Tronstd*. Ir>t* 4 arid 5, block 3S, San Antonio,
East Oakland: gift.
M A. Cnmmins to Manuel Sohares, lot IP.
block 49, same. East Oakland : |80.
L. E. and Elizabeth M. Roardman to C. P.
Troy Jr.. lot on NE line of East Eleventh
street. 100 NW of Ninth avenue. NW 100 by NE
IGO, block 34. Clinton, East Oakland; $5.
Hetty T. Henahaw to «ame. lot on W corner
of East Twenty-eighth street 'and Thirteenth
avenue. NW M, SW 172:14. SE IM.QS, NE i
178.10 to beginning, being lot 31, Templeton :
Tract, East Oakland: $.V
.1. K. and Sarah M. McLean to Amelia M.
Emery, all of plat 6 lying E of Adeline street
and N of Forty-third, being a subdivision of
plat 6, ranehu V. and I>. Peralta, Oakland an
nex: $10.
Frank M. and Rose H. "Wilson to John G.
Wallen. lot on X line of I>e Come avenue. 125
X of [..■ Uoy, B 50 by X 125. being lot 7. block
18, Daley's Scenic Park Tract, Berkeley: $10.
The McCarthy Company (a corporation) to
Henry and Louise Drapel, lot 19 in subdivision
K. Fruitvale Terminal Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
W. G. McGinty, V. L. Fortin and O. M.
Snnford (by commissioner) to Farmers' and
hunts' Savings Bank, lot 2, block 2.
J1226.
Leah F. Mott to Lincoln E. Boardman. lot
6. block r>. Oak Tree Farm Tract, Brooklyn
Township: $:..
J. C. and Mary K. McMuUen to Henry
Kramer, lot on SE line of Shuey avenue.
874.50 SW rrorr. S\V line of "County road that
leads i r<->m Fruitvale avenue and connect?
with Huff avenue, thence SW 215.3<;. SK 335.32
to the center of Sausal Creek, thence XX SO,
XE 100, XE 107.72. XV." 374.94 to beifinnin«.
being n portion of the Shuey estate. Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Julia Beechlng to Robert A Beeching. lot
on X line of Santa Clara avenue, 350 \V of
Oak street. W 50 by X 217:8. being: lot 2.
Mock 37, lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda;
Rift.
Gtassto L. and Louis T. Cranz to Felix
MarfUFP, lot on W line of St. Charles street.
11l X of Central avenue. X 37 by W 97:2, Ala
meda, quitclaim deed; $10.
Feiix and Delflna Marcuse to "William N".
McCaw, lot on S line of Santa Clara avenue.
Hi 7! W of Caroline street. \V "«.''7. 9 1"4.35.
E M.mt, X 135.51 tn h<-pinn!nfr. lot 13. block A,
;) port&OB Of the original Vlscher Tract, Ala
mf.la; $in.
Daniel and Jane Smith to John B McNaJty,
lot on X line of Clinton sm-et. 7.". X of Sum
mit. E 56 by X ion. lots 4 and .". Mock F, Xew
Town Lynn. East Oakland: $1.
f>rra J. and Fred L. Krause to Continental
Pnlldlne and Loan Association, lots 12 and 13.
subdivision of Lake Merrltt Park, East Oak
liind; $10.
Oeorpe W. Beaver (trustee of estate of
Isaac Lohmnn> to S. Frentiss Smith <tni"»
tee), lot on BVt corner of Madison and Lake
streets. S 120 by W ISO. Oakland: also per
sonal property; this deed !s a transfer of
trust: Krar.t.
W. W. and Emma J. Whitman to William
P. Todd. lot on XE !lne of X Kleve nt h street.
1M SE of First avenue. SE SO by XE 100, block
27. Clinton. Kast Oakland; Sift.
William P. ami Alice F. Todd to Ben F.
Woolner. same; $10.
Lydla A. Ijin;^ to Ell7a R. Larue, lot on
SW llr.e of East Xinfteenth street. SO XW of
Thirteenth avenue, XW IS by SW 6*!:4. block
111, cimton. East Oakland; $10.
OeorKe T. Hawley and J. T>. Hanna to
Jeremiah Rliss. lots 46 and 47. Drexler Tract,
subject to mort*as<\ Oakland Annex: $25.
Lydia M. Francis to David Morris, lot on
X line of Encinal avenue, prior to widening-.
SO E of Willow street, E GO by X 141. being
lot 6. biork E. lands adjacent to Encinal,
Alamrda: $10.
Benjamin ami Elizabeth Banes to Julius A.
Vergon, lot on NX corner of Hillegnss avenue
and Derby street. N 60 liy E 1.".9 44. being lot
6A and S ' ; of lot .">?, map of Hlllesass prop
erty. Berkeley: $10.
Eliza D. Bartlett to John Patterson, lots
32 ami ■?.", block U. revised map of Prospect
Hill Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
H. P. Virichs and J. and H. H. Sorensen,
P. and Anna C. Butt. P. S. Smalley. G.
Goerke and A. R. Peterson (by commissioner)
to P.;mk of San Leandro, lot on V. corner of A
iind Second streets. N'R 250 by SE 225. Town
of Havwiinl?, Eden; $7169.
E. 11. and Dora Gansberger to Henry H.
On sharper, lots 9 and 10, containing ~ 13.20
acres, being- a portion of Duncan Cameron
tract. Pan Lorenzo. Eden Township: $10.
Goorge P. and May E. Hauch to Michael
Palmer, lot on SW line of Front street. 250
BE of J street. SE 25 by BW 150. being lot
11. block 66, Ntles, Washington Township
ssoo.
Frledereka I.ehlnp to Theophllus H. Wood
ward, lot on S line of Seventh street, 53:3 W
of Adeline. W 2r. by S 109:4. beln^ lot 25
block MS, Rrlpsrs Tract. Oakland: $10.
A. J. and Sophie M. Snyder to Charles M
MacC,rei?or. lot on N line of Thirty-second
street. 75:9 W of Linden. W 35 by N 100 Oak
land: $10.
Oeorire and Mary Andrews to Zotlque Chre
tin, lot on X line of Twenty-second street
71 W of West. W 29. X 100. p, 26. S 58, E s!
S 42 to beginning, being lots 9 and 10. ' block
B. Curtis and Williams Tract, Oakland: to
correct 41? d. 362; $10.
Jane V. Culver to Clark Hewlett, lot 19 block
P. Kelsev tract. Oakland: $.".
R. P. Bromley to Charles Armstrong lot on
S line of Jones street, 3SO W of Telegraph
avenue. W M by S mo. portion corrected map
of Jones tract. Oakland: $10.
James Meaxher to James M. Flnlev lots 30
to 34. block 16. tract B, Berkeley I>nnd and
Town Improvement Association. Berkeley $10
Elizabeth T. White to Albertlnea Coot;;' (wife
of Lorenze). lot on S line of Ashhy memse
1343:fi Wof Colle K e avenue. Wsoby "p 140. be
in* lot 27. block E. Claremont tract, Berke
ley: $3;.0.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamkh. I
Czarina i
Crescent C
State of Cal
Cooa Bay.. |
Pomona . I
Chlikat.... I
Oueen i
B<l?ic !
Kxcelslor..
Walla Wlla
Arcata ;
Homer !
Del Norte. . !
Columbia..
City of Syd ,
Weeott I
Santa Rosa
Pf-tivatiov
1 Sails. (_ pier.
I Jan 12, 5 pm Pier 8
! Jan la, 3 I'M Pier 28
Jan l:.. 10 AM Pier 24
•tan IX •» am I Pier It
•Tan 14. 2 I'm Pier 9
Jan 13. San pier 13
•'an 15. 11 am Pier 11
Jan IS, 1 pm PM §«;
Jan 15. 4 pm pier a
Jan It:. ■ am Pier '.»
Jan M. 10 am Pier IS
Jan ir. • aw Pier 11
Jan IT. 12 m Pier ■>
Jan Is. 10 am Put 24
Jan 19, r.> mp M ss
•Jan !<, y am Pier la
Jan 19. li am Pier 11
Coos Bay
Crescent City.
Portland
Newport.......
Humbldi Bay.
Eel Kiver :
Pan Dletro....
ChlnaA Japan.
: Alaska
Vie & p Sound
Coon Bay
Newport
Grays Harbo' 1
i Portiaua
Panama '
HiunnMt Bay.
San D:t>>:u
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
_PTF.AMJCK. | y ROM , nfT> -
San Mateo Nanalmo 7 ~j ~ i i
Czarina OoimHa?.... t'! U
Walla Walla... Victoria and PugetSnd" j£s il
President. Vaoulna Bay.."f Q " V'" i;
Empire Hay ...'...".' ;•"•••• »J2 2
assi ■ psff. E-ESs
Pomona Humbomt Bay"*.'.'.'. ,'£ }■,
SanJOH« SSSSS:EiE|Sa
fWNorto "ruyn Harbor... ....""•" j^ ,}
Ar.-.it.i Coo« Hay. .;...; t!J" {}
Columma Portland iv£ \\
fcr:v:.:::.::;:^- d .^;; ::::::::^i
SiSirv?.::::: ttKr~-.^-- ::: " ::: S
w .it ... MuimioUU Bay. :.:."*'•"■ j:-n i «
CroMeni city.. Crescent City ; Jm 7
Santa Rom. . San DtetO.. .["I""""" an 7
l-.n.-.tlil.i . . . Vicuna * Pueet Sna'.::. Jan ir
' oi< " 1 Panama Jan IS
North Fork.... JHnmnoidt Jan is
Australia....:.. Honolulu '.'.'.".'' Jan 19
Coos Bay Newport Jan w
State urriii Portland": Jan 20
A Blanchard./.. Oregon ports lan 20
I
I
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Ornce. located In the Merchants' Kxchange. is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to .nationality and
free of expense
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the :
office. where complete seta of charts and sail-
Ing, directions of the world are kept on hand '•
for comparison and reference. - and the -latest :
Information ran always be obtained regarding
lights, . dangers to navigation and all "• matters
of interest to ocean comrnrrve. i
The time hall on top of the building on Tele
graph. Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and is dropped •at noon. 1 120 th . meridian, '
by telegraphic -signal received " each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare !
Island. Oal. ■■'-■-
' 'A | notice stating whether ' the time ball was
dropped on time or. giving: the error, i if . any. Is
published the same - day by ; the : afternoon pa
pers, and by the morning papers the following
day. W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, I. S. N., in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
United States Coast and Geodetic Surysy.
Tim^s and Heights qf High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
JANUARY— IB9B.
> Time T A mo Foot Timp Feet T'^'peet,
S H Wi ;L W[ II W L W
12 2:42, 5.0 S:l.i 2.4! '2 :>*)'• 4.X 8 :22 1 OA
13 3:131 5.1 »:lt> 2.0 2:03 4.2 S:os| 1.2
li 3:4U :>.2| 10:10 1.5 4:15 ;..!• D:l9 1.7
15 4:30 ■ 5.4| 11:24 1.1 5:50 3.5 10:40 2.2
IB o:l« s.t>i 12:31 0.5 7:28 35 <11:33 2.7
i: ti:OS 5.7 1:38 0.0 8:.4 3.7 i !
L W: H W L. W H \V
13 1 0:41 3.1 7:04 .5.9 2:3« 0.5 9:59! 4.0
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column tMe third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
flven aro additions to the soundings on the
"nlted States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign i — ) precedes the height and
then the number given is subtractive from the
depth given by the charts.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. O. S. N , Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, .fanuary
11. 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was
dropped exactly at noon to-day— l. c.. at noon
of the 12nth meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m. ,
Greenwich time. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant U. S. N., In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, January 11.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall. 80 hours from New
port, etc; pass and mdse, to tJoodall, Perkins
& Co.
Haw stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, S8 hours fm
Nanaima: 4150 tons coal, to S P Co.
Stmr Geo Loomis. Briduett, 37 hours from
Ventura: tßi bbls oil, to Union Oil Co. Ip
river direct.
.'irnr Rival. Johnson. 16 hours from Fort
PriiKg. lumbei. to Gray & Mitchell.
Ship Occidental, Weaver. 6 days from De
parture Bay; 230* tons coal, to Pacific Coast
Co.
Schr .Times A Oarfleld. Palmgren, 4 days
from Willapa Harbor; lumber, to Simpson
Lumlwr Co.
Schr Ocean Spray, Waldwick, 36 hours from
Iversen's Landing; 60 cords wood to N. Iver
sen.
CLEARED.
Tuesday. January 12.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Parsons, San Pedro;
Goodall, Perkin.- & Co.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanaimo; R
nur.ftnulr Sen» Co.
Aus stmr Burma, Mikulicich, Nanatmo; John
Rosen t eld's Sons.
Hark Mohican, Saunders, Honolulu; Welch
& Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday. January 12.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San L>li/go, etc.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen, Seattle.
Stmr Westport, Jacobs.
Stmr Weeoit. Miller, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria and
Port Townsend.
H B M stmr Phaeton, Klrby. Esquimau.
H B M stmr Sparrowhawk, De Setge, Esqul
malt.
r S stmr Al^rt, Leutz. pan Juan del Sur.
Ship Glory of the Seas, Freeman, Nanaimo.
Ship Elwell. Ryder, Port Angels.
Hark Mohican, Saunders. Honolulu.
Br bark HeathUink, MeKeehnle, Queens
town.
Br bark Adelaide Mary, Owens. Callao.
Bktn Tarn o' Shantcr, Perry, Columbia
, River.
Si iir Barbara Hernster, Jensen, Bowena
I Landing.
Schr John A, Hellquist. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Jan 11—10 p. m.— Weather
; cloudy; wind E; velocity S m les.
CHARTERS.
The Bering loads sugar at Kahulul for this
port; Emma Claudina, lumber at Grays Har
bor for Mahukona; (iolden Shore, lumber on
the Sound for Sydney, 37s Gd; Port Caledonia,
wheat at Portland fur Europe, 80s — prior to
arrival.
The Xatuna loads lumber and mdse for
Aueiaitlt-, lump sum.
SPOKEN.
Nov 21—52 N 56 W Br ship Lord Cairns, hce
Bept lH for ijueenstown.
Dec 14—2 X 27 W, Br bark Lord Rlpon, frm
Liverpool for Victoria.
MISCELLANEOUS.
YOKOHAMA. Dec 17— Jap stmr Kinshin Ma
ru, off Sag-ania, collided with the Jap stttir
Kokushie Maru and was damaged from water
line to bulwarks.
DOMESTIC *>ORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan Stmr Pro
tection, from Moss Landing.
NEWPORT— Sa.i led Jan U— Stmr Tillamook.
UKKKNAVHOD- Sailed Jan 11— Stmr Whites- «|
' boro, for San Francis^;, t
POINT ARENA— Sailed Jan 11— Stmr Green
wood, for Newport.
TAQUINA BAY— Sailed Jan 11 at 2:30 p m—
Stmr President, for San Francisco.
i;o\\ ENS LANDING— SaiIed Jan 11— Schr
Newark, for San Francisco.
REDONpo— Arrived Jan 11— Schr Dora
Biuhm. from Grays Harbor.
COOS BAY— Sa led Jnn 11— Schrs Gotama
and Jennie Thelin and *.tmr Empire, for San
Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Jan 11— Bark Har
vester, for South Africa.
PORT LOS A NGKLES— Arrived Jan 11— Str
Alcazar, from Mendocino.
KI'REKA- Arrived Jan 11— Schr Bertie Mi
nor, from Newport.
Sailed Jan 11— Stmr Scotia, for San Fran-
PORT LUDLOW-Sailed Jan 11— Schr John
D Tallant. for San Pedro.
COOS BAY'— Sailed Jan 11—Stmr Czarina, for
San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 11— Schr Prosper,
from Tacoma.
TATOOSH— Passed Jan 11— Br stmr Empress
of Japan, from Hong-kong and Yokohama.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 10— Schr Ottillie
Fjord, from Eureka.
Newport— Arrived Jan 11— Schr Excelsior,
from Port Blakeley.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 11— Schr Fred E San
ders, for San Pedro; schr Corona, for San
Pedro.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan 11— Stmr Co
qullle Kiver. hence Jan 8.
EI'REKA- Arrived Jan 11— Stmr South
Coast, hence Jan 9; stmr Pomona, hence Jan
10.
Sailed Jan 11— Schr Laura Pike, for Pan
Francisco: schr Alice, for San Pedro; stmrs
National City. North Fork and Laguna, for
San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS. - '
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 10— Stmr Alllanca,
for Colon.
BALTIMORE— SaiIed Jan 11— Ship Kennebe:.
for San Francisco. •
FOREIGN PORTS. " ;.:;.;'•;
SPIRNHEAD— Passed Jan 9— Br ship Me
tropolis, from San Diego.
SYDNEY— SaiIed Jan 10— Bktn Planter, for
Honolulu.
MONTEVIDEO— Dec 9— Schr Nellie G
Thurston, from New York for Cooks Inlet.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Nov "24— Swed
bark Aracan, for Panama.
CALCUTTA— SaiIed Jan s— Br ship Glenard.
for San Francisco. -
■ NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Jan 10— Bktn
Planter, for Honolulu.
TAMBO DE MORO— Sailed Jan 10— Schr
Laura Madsen. for Port Townsend. :-.s". .'■- -^^
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS. i
' NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 11—Stmr Scotia,
from Marseilles.
Sailed Jan 11— Stmr Trave, for Bremen; stmr
Box (or Liverpool; stmr Alsatla. for Mar
seilles.
NAPLES— SaiIed Jan S— Stmr Patria. for
New York. „ „ ,
HREMERHAVEX— Arrived Jan 11— Str Kai
ser Wilholm tier Grouse, -from New York.
MARSEILLES— Arrived. Jan 11—Stmr Ales a,
from. New York. , "C": f .:t
IMPORTATIONS. ,
NEWPORT— Per Coos Bay— 36-O eggs, 1 bx
P stool, 52 bxs oranges, 68 sks walnuts. 6 bbls
swoet potatoes.
East San Pedro— 2s bxs lemons, ■ .12 bdls Iron
pipe. 2 bxs raisins, 1 bx fruit.
San Pedro- 68 bdls hides, 10 drs cheese, .1 lot
household furniture.
Huencme— 1 keg nuts, 1 cs bolts, I bx cloth
' Ventura— l cs faucets. 1 bx saws, 10 pkirs
scrap Iron. 1 bx groceries. 1 bx slot machines.
6S l>dls hides and pelts, 5 -nr.-.s Tallow, 67 sks
chllie^. 13 sks dried fruits. 13 sks walnuts. 9
cs eggs, 25 bxs lemons, 160 bxs orangef. 691 ska
corn, 1 C* shoos. • > ; , • ■
Santa Barbara— l pkg mdse. 2 bxs hardware.
23 bxs lemons. 1 hx books.
Gaviota— l bx butter, 3! sks crawfish.
Port Harford— 7 bxs hotter, 2 h,lls hides, 18
cs eggs, 1 bx rubber goods, 5 pkgs agricultural
implements. 1 bx fish. ■ • .
Cayucos — 1 bx butter molds. 21 bxs butter, 2
coops chickens. 7 cs eggs. 20 dressed calves.
San Simeon — 1 bx telephone, -31 bxs butter,
7 cs eggs, is dressed calves.
. Monterey— 26 sks abalones. '
CONSIGNEES.
Per Coos Bay— Dairymen's Union: Shorman
Clay & Co; L Scatena .<- Co: Western Carb
Acid Gas Co: Wetmore Bros; C X Whitney &
Co: Wybre & Lawrence: David Little: Wash
burn-Moen Mfg. Co: B^ssinger & Co: Wleland
Bros: Dunham, Carrigan & CO; Heynemann &
Co ;' Cleveland Faucet Co; Baker .*. Hamilton-
Pacific Rolling-mills; Enterprise Brewery- E
Gamier & Co: Tillmann & Bendel; Simpson &
H F Co; W Van Voss & Co: S H Fr-i'nlc &■
Co: W C Price & Co: Erlanger & OalineeP
Jlvancovlch & Co: Mitchell & Goodall: Levl
Spiegel & Co: J Demartinl; Bauer .t- Graaa
&°. S P Milling Co: H Dutard; Oliver Plow
Works: Holbrook. ■. Merrill & Stetson: Shasta
Springs Co: W Ellis Pub Co: Cal Bottling Co:
A Paladini: Amer Union Fish Co: I B i Ingug
lia: Htlnter, Bredhoff ' & Schulz: J WeUman.
Peck Co: M T Freltas : Norton T.Mler &Co: ) >
Marshal] « Rel « mers ,\: H Kirchmann & Co; D*|!
Deßernard ft Co; Witzel &- Bak»r: Sp-'or*^
Bros: Goodyear Rubber Co; -.«etz- Bros <\ "o-
Hooker ft Co: Sacramento Fish Co; Roea *
™ SiffV' Hll ,'. a Br os : J H Newbauer ft Co: O
B ; Smith & Co; A Wyss; F Vr< X- c> • 4 M
Jordan: _Brtgham, 1 Ho P p & Co: Dodge/ Swee-
TcoivestlrTSt cS C ° : Wheat ° n> Bre °"ROMIE'S FIRST
EDUCATOR
Miss Johnson to Be the
Pioneer of the Beet
Colony.
Every Prospect Points to the
Success of the New
Venture.
Sergeant Major Brown Returns to
OakUmd Bringing Good
Reports.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. Jan. 11.
Miss Mary Johnson, one of the most
ardent workers in the Salvation Army,
and formerly a schoolteacher, will be
the first school ma'am in the new colo
ny at Romie, near Soledad.
The young lady has received her or
ders to leave the Oakland corps and
take charge of tho young colonists, the
number of which Is rapidly growing as
the territory becomes more settled.
She will le'ive Oakland to-morrow to
enter upon her new duties.
"My school will not be very large at
present." she said, "but when all the
colonists are on the ground there will
be quite a large class, for nearly all
the colonists are people of family, as
It was mostly for such people that the
rolony was formed. • I am very much
pleased that I have been selected for
this work and can enter into it with all
my heart and soul."
Sergeant-Major Brown of the Oak
land corps, who is in charge of the
building operations at the colony, is in
Oakland for a couple of days and says
that it is almost impossible that the
scheme should fail. "There are al
ready over thirty cottages built," he
said, "'and more are going up as fast
n.s possible. When the first contin
gent came down last week it took a
few days to get things into shape, es
pecially in the cooking department,
but already they are at work and pros
pects are very bright. The soil is the
finest that could be found in the
whole State. Although there has
been no rain for nearly a year it is
comparatively easy to plow, and af
ter the plow has passed over the
ground you cannot find a piece of
earth larger than your fist. There is
water in abundance, and last week we
punk a well thirteen feet and got seven
feet of water.
"Mr. Romle, after whom the settle
ment was named, is one of the most
whole-hearted men I ever met. Noth
ing seems too generous for him to un
dertake, and all he asks in* return is
that the success of the affair will be
as great as we anticipate. The irri
gation plant which he is putting up for
our use is almost in position, and al
ready the large tract of land has a
very businesslike appearance. With
the large Spreckels factory close by.
guaranteeing a good market for all
the beets that can be grown, we have
reason to believe that this scheme will
be a complete success."
Sergeat-Major Brown will return to
th a colony with its new schooteacher
to- marrow.
TOURNAMENT FOR
WHIST PLAYERS
Fourth Annual Convention of
the Pacific Coast Asso
ciation.
The Chief Interest Will Be Centered \
in the Bideout Trophy-
Contest.
A matter of considerable moment to
whist devotees throughout the country
•will be the fourth annual convention
( of the Pacific Coast "Whist Association,
-which will be held next Friday and Sat
urday in the rooms of the San Fran
cisco Whist Club, 326 Post street. The
association was organized in this city
in 1894, under the patronage of the
American Whist League, a national in
stitution, which has no- less than four
teen associations under its guidance.
The convention will be entirely in the
interest of "duplicate" whist, the play
ing of which has rapidly spread among
all lovers of that scientific game.
The convention will be divided into
two parts. The first will be the meet
ing of the delegates to transact neces
. sary business and the election of offi
cers to serve for the ensuing year. The
committee on nominations will be ap- !
pointed by President P. J. Tormey at
Friday's meeting, and the balloting will
take place on Saturday morning. A
cordial invitation is extended to all
whist players, attached or unattached,
to be present at the above meetings.
The second, and by no means the
least important part of the pro-gramme,
contemplates five general contests I
which will be decided in the rooms of
the Trist Duplicate Whist Club, 711 :
Jones street, on Friday and Saturday.
The contests are: First, the Rideout
trophy contest between teams of four
representing association clubs; second,
the progressive match for pairs; third,
progressive match for fours; fourth, a
match for club pairs; fifth, progressive
straight whist. The Rideout . trophy
contest is the principal event and one
which has always engendered a great
■ deal of friendly rivalry. This trophy,
presented for competition by N. D. j
Rideout of Marysville, is a solid sliver
cup, suitably Inscribed, and aside from !
its intrinsic value, its possession is
something to be proud of, as it is em- |
blematic of victories won in hard- i
fought whist battles. It is now held by
the San Francisco Club, which wrested i
it from the Trist Club at last year's '
tournament. Prizes will also b^ award
ed to the winners in every match.
The competing clubs are: The Sacra
mento \\ hist Club, whose team is cap- i
Whist Club team. ™A Molt: the J Wal-
Whist Club team. Captain F J "Wal
ters; the Santa Rosa Club team. Cap
tain A L Harris; the Petaluma Club i
team Captain John 1,. Camm; the Lin- |
da \ista Club of Oakland. R B Cal
ley captain; the Tamalpais Club of San
Rafael. James Thompson captain- a
team from the' Trist Club, captained
John O. Sutto ": th Ran Francisco
< lub team, captained by George E
ladies, captained by Bliss Sadie Jen
linl '^ a 2 tal K ed by Mlss Sadie Jen
kins No doubt the fourth annual con
2, 0 / 1 of the Pacific Coast Whist As- ■
f« f™» nn u Vl i" sur^ ass a " former ones
Tna f? I V" c- nm] do much to popu
larize that most fascinating game ;
Columblco Banking Company.
xne annual meetiner of the stockholders
of the Columbian Banking Company was
held at Its office In the Claus Ppreckels
building yesterday. The manager's re-
Dort showed ver^ satisfactory business
for the year, and after its reading the
following 1 directors were elected for the
ensuing year: John Coop, J. C. Currier,
N. C. Hawks. W. S. Miller, C. O. Perry.
i. J. Truman and F. L. Turpin. After tho
adjournment of the stockholders' meeting
tho board of directors met and elected th«
following officers for the ensuing rear:
I. J. Truman, president : W. S. Miller,
vice-president; C. O. Perry, manager and
secretary.
DINED AT A
ROUND TABLE.
Colin M. Boyd Entertains
in Honor o? Robert
Dickson.
Colin M. Boyd was the host at a
most delightful dinner given last even
ing at the Cosmos Club, complimentary
to Robert Dickson, who leaves on Mon
day to make his home in New York.
The table, a round one, was artistic
ally decorated with p!nk roses and vio
lets. The roses formed the center
piece, and the long-stemmed violets
were strewn in artistic confusion on
the satiny damark.
An unusually elaborate and excellent
menu was discussed. Seated at table
were Robert Dickson, Dr. Robert Mac
kenzie. J. Lloyd White, Frank Watt
Dickson. Benjamin J. Smith. George
M. Perine and Colonel William ilac
donald.
STATE BOARD OF
TRADE ACTIVE
Preparations for the Big Paris
International Expo
sition.
The Director- General Should Ec
a Citizen of the Pacific
Coast.
At the regular meeting of the Cali
fornia State Board of Trade yesterday
a resolution was passed whlcA will be
placed in the form of a memorial to
be forwarded to the Pacific Coast Rep
resentatives in Congress, urging them
to dn all in their power to have the
director-general representing the Unit
ed States to the Paris Exposition ap
pointed from this Siate
making every effort to have one of the
best exhibits that will be landed in
Paris for the big international exposi
tion sent from California. At the
Hamburg Exposition, with limited
means, the exhibit was rated as the
finest, and the benefits derived from
being represented there are already
manifest by an increased demand for
the products of the State. It is the
wish to entirely eclipse the Hamburg
display at the Paris Fair, and in order
to get a showing the local board de
sires to have the people's representa
tive chosen from this coast— or State,
if possible.
Several weeks ago the Department
of State at Washington issued what
was known as Bulletin No. 6, and the
representative of one of the daily pa
pers declared that the document gave
California a "black eye" by stating
that this State produced but little in
the way of fruits, etc. The bulletin in
question was examined yesterday with
care, and found to be very fair, the
statistics showing that the production
of fruits, nuts, etc.. of California is the
greatest In the Union. A few unim
portant errors were found, and the
secretary was instructed to communi
cate with the Secretary of Agriculture
and explain the mistakes made by the
papers in not digesting the report be
fore publishing the statements.
E. W. Maslin delivered an interesting
address on the subject of the rainfalls
of the State. In his remarks he said:
In forty-eight seasons th<>rp ba**« fi»*'«»i
960.81 inches of rain, an average for each
season of 20.01 inches. The total precipi
tation before January 1 of the seasons
was 480.15 inches, an average of Iv
inches. This season's fall before the Ist
of January was below the average, being
only 4.07 inches. This is no cause for
alarm. A glance at the table shows that
there have been thirteen seasons in
which sufficient rain fell to mature crops,
but In which less than 4.10 inches of rain
fell before the Ist of January of the
season.
/ once thought that I discovered the
law of storms in the State. In ISSO I be
gan to pay attention to meteorology, as
I was about to engage in horticulture. In
ISSO-51 the season's rainfall was 4.71.
Counting therefrom, the sixth season—
1556-57 — brought 10.56 inches. The seventh
season thereafter — 1863-64— brought 7.57
inches. The next seventh eeason — 1870-71
brought 8.47 inches. The next sixth
eeason — 1876-77 — brought 8.96 inches. In
the seventh season thereafter— lßS3-S4 —
before January 1, ISB4. there only fell 2.92
inches. About this time I received some
data from General Rklwell which showed
that the season of 1*43-44 was an extreme
ly dry season. Counting from that period,
there were seven seasons to the next dry
season — ISSO-51. I concluded that every
sixth or seventh season there would be
a drought. I prophesied. I wrote for the
Placer papers, and warned my fellow
fruit-growers not to put out any trees
and vines. Alas for my reputation!
There fell that season 24. 7^ inches of rain,
distributed as follows: Before January
1, ISB4, 2.92 Inches: January. 3.43 inches;
February, 4.46; March, 8.14; April. 4.32;
May, 0.6; June, 1.45 inches. Still I was
not willing to surrender. I conceived
that the law might be a dry spell every
thirteen years or thereabout. According
ly, when before January, 1888, which was
of the eleventh season after 1576-77. there
fell only 2.56 inches of rain I felt sure of
my law. It is true that only 11.50 inches
fell, but the precipitation was distributed
thus: January. 4.81 inches; February,
0.57; March. 3.04; April, 0.10; May. 0.40:
June, 0.8. Notwithstanding the small
amount of rain, the fruit crop of ISSS
was a very fair one.
The point I desire to make is that we
have not discovered the law of defici
ency, and that because only 4.07 inches of
rain have fallen before January 1 of this
season there is necessarily no cause for
alarm, seeing we have had thirteen sea
sons before in which less rain fell before
January 1. and in each of these- seasons
there were good crops. : In fact, we had
only four bad seasons — ISSO-51,, 1863-04. IS7O
71, "1876-77— in forty-eight years, and. ex
cept 1850-51. something was raised In
each season.
MAY FIND A HOME.
A Lady Moved to Pity by Josie
Kelly's Misfortuoes.
Josie Kelly, whose misfortunes were
referred to in yesterday's Call, may
find a home until she Is able to get
over her nines? and obtain a means of
earning a livelihood.
Yesterday morning Judge Conlan re
ceived a letter from Mrs. Emma Hol
comb, 232 O'Farrell street, offering to
give Josie a home until she could find
employment.
Th*j Judge was to have passed sen
tence upon Josie yesterday on the
charge of vagrancy, but in view of
Mrp. Holcomb's letter he postponed
sentence until to-day, and meantime
Mrs. Holcomb will be communicated
with by the Ju<l«--.
McClune Was Acquitted.
James EL MoChine, who on the Ist of
last July assaulted E. McDowell with a
knife, wan acquitted of a charge of as
pault to murder placed against him for
the offense by a jury in Judjrp Cook'a
court yesterday. McC'lune pleaded self
defense to the charge, and the jury ac
cepted his version of the affair and ac
quitted him.
To Cure a C<~>!d Ir) One Day
•Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets AH
druggists refund th* money if it falls to cure
25c. The genuine has L.. is. Q. on each tablet.
TITE SAX TEAXCTSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,
A STUDENT
UNDER ARREST
Said to Have Picked a
Pocket on the
Ferry.
Plight of Young Nevus, Who
Js the Son of a Wealthy
Doctor.
A Belief That He Has Be-ti Made the
Victim of a Very Grave
Mistake.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. Jan. 11.
Thomas Nevus, a dental student of
good reputation, and the son of a
wealthy San Jose doctor, has been In a
cell at the City Prison since last night
on suspicion of being a pickpocket and
of having attempted to steal a watch
from a passenger on the ferry.
There is no charge made against him
yet, and he is on the small book. Those
who have looked into the matter de
clare that one of those fearful blunders
have been made that are not the fault
of the police, and yet work great hard
ship on the "lctim.
Nevus is a student at the San Fran
cisco Dental College, and during his
studies he lives with his brother-in
law and sister. Assemblyman C. G.
Dodge and wife of East Oakland. He
is a very industrious, steady young
man with a record, so it is said, as
straight ps an arrow. 3 ist night he
came across the bay as usual and sat
next to a passenger who had a gold
watch. When crossing the apron there
was a great rush and Jam and the
passenger mis ->d his watch. It had
fallen on the deck and was immediate
ly picked ap by a Portuguese, who re
turned it to its owner. The man who
found it also declared that he had seen
Nevus snatch it from its owner. As
all the parties were strangers to each
other and the weight of evidence was
against Nevus. Deputy Sheriff Kellner,
who is employed by the railroad com
pany, arrested the student and he was
sent to the City Prison.
The owner of the watch proceeded to
Port Costa, and the police officials say
that he will be down to-morrow to
swear out a charge against Nevus.
Assemblyman Dodge said to-night
that he hail Inquired into the case and
believes the charge to be perfectly
groundless. He says young Nevus'
father, who is well off. pays his son's
expenses and supplies him with spend
ing money, and it is an absurdity to
suppose that the young man had at
tempted to steal a watch. "'When he
was charged by the Portuguese with
stealing." snid Mr. Dodge. "Nevus did
not understand what It was all about
and wanted to thrash the fellow f<>r
calling him a thief, but when he paw
the officer he decided to let the matter
take its course."
Detective Denny Holland said to
night that he believes the charge to ho
groundless. 4> t am of the opinion." be
sf.id. "that the button of somebody's
coat caught the watch guard and
yanked out the watch, breaking the
gua'-d at the same time. Such instances
are very common In a crowd."
As soon as a charge is sworn to Mr.
Nevus will be taken out on bond, which
can easily be obtained for any amount.
TERRORIZED
BARKEEPERS
A Colored Man With a Rock
Who Is Chasing After
Coin.
; Three Attacks Have Been Made, One
of Them Proving Nearly
Fatal.
Tlie salaries of night bar-tenders will
\»ii>out doubt soon be raised, as th-rf>
is a dark terror strolling around which
makes it rather disagreeable for the
dispensers of liquid refreshments dur
ing the lonesome hours of the night.
Hut a few days ago a colored man
walked into the Palm saloon on Polk
street, and after calling for a beer
waited his chance to rob the estab
lishment. It was nearly closing-up
time and the bar-tender had placed a
small amount of coin on the bar aft'-r
serving the called-for drink. As the
colored man was drinking with the
glass in his left hand th^> bar-tender
stooped down and the man struck him
; a crushing blow on tho head with a
large stone which he had held in hla
right hand. Ho then took the coin and
departed. The bar-tender nearly died
fmm th<- effects of the blow.
Last Wednesday night presumably
the same man went into Clawson's sa
loon on Geary and Taylor streets and
called for a glass of beer. As the beer
was being drawn, he threw a stone,
which when weighed tipped the scales
! at over a pound, with crushing force,
just missing the head of his intended
victim. The stone struck the marble
on the bar and after breaking off th«*
corner, jumped through a valuable
■ glfiss window.
As soon as the murderous negro had
seen that he had missed his mark, he
' ran out of the saloon closely followed
by the bar-kf»eper. Thf* case was re
• ported to the police and a detectivp has
! been detailed on the case. Saturday
j night the same man. from descriptions
J given to the police, attempted to kill
I tho night man in a saloon on Third
! street.
SUFFERED FOR FOOD.
Joseph Hun)bar, Although Insane,
Placed in a Ceil in the City
Prison.
Joseph Humbar was arrested Monday
evening and booked at the City Prison
as drunk. Early in the morning he
was conveyed to the Receiving Hos
pital as insane.
Emaciated and helpless, he was
placed in a padded cell awaiting the
pleasure of the Insane Commissioners.
Late in the afternoon he was given
food, and the manner in which he de
voured it proved that the arresting of
ficer was no judge of insanity nor
star\ ation.
A more pitiful case was perhaps
never placed before Commissioner .ir
Judge. No ray of light penetrated his
brain and in consequence he was left
to the mercies of his nurses, police and
surgeons, but still he suffered on.
During the night of his arrest he was
left In a cold, gloomy cell, to be
awakened in the morning and trans
ferred to even less comfortable quar
ters. He appeared so emaciated that it
was thought that the hand of death
rested upon him. yet no particular at
tention was paid him.
When he was at last ffiven some light
food he ate with a relish that cannot
be described, but still he seemed to
wish for more. But now, after unnec
essary suffering, he rests at peace in
Agnews Asylum, where he was sent by
the Insane Commissioners yesterday
afternoon.
COURIERS OF COMMERCE.
The California Commercial Trav
elers' Aesociatior) Erjtertains
a Large Audierjce.
The "drummers" have had an ar
tistic inning.
It was a large and enthusiastic
crowd which assembled at Native
Sons' Hali on Monday to attend the en
tertainment given by the California
Commercial Travelers' Association.
The main floor was crowded and the
gallery well filled, and it is safe to say
that no one In the audience had any
adverse criticism to pass upon the per
formance. It was generally conceded
to be "a great show," one entirely
worthy of the reputation of the knights
of the grip as a whole in the matter
of entertaining and amusing.
After a highly felicitous address by
Mertin C. Allen, who paid a glowing
tribute to the omnipresent "drummer,"
the following programme was rendered
admirably as to every feature: Vocal
solo, T. J. Byrne; recitation, W. W.
Bracket; banjo solo, Professor E. I*
Appleby; whistling solo. Miss Cord
Wetjen; skirt dance. Miss Mattie Luce;
graphophone, Mr. Richardson; zither
solo, Joseph Regensberger; impersona
tion of Lew Dockstadter. Martin Krel
lng; recitation, Miss E. F. Shade; col
ored quartet; stereoptlcon views of
Klondike.
The performers -wer* all received
with the heartiest enthusiasm, some of
them being recalled three or four
times.
On the conclusion of the programme
the main floor was cleared for terpsi
chorean revelry, which was indulged
in until a late hour.
NEW AIR BRAKE
FOR TROLLEYS
Railroad Men Believe It an
Inr-^vement on the Hand
Brake.
No Trocr*-r« .Experienced in ;-•<- ping
on the Steep Grade on Hjurrlaon
Street.
The Martin air brake \ras tested on
Monday afternoon on a car of the San
Francisco and San Mateo Klectrlc Rail
way Company, in the presence of a
number of railroad officials from other
lines. The brake acted satisfactorily,
and if it will do as good work when the
track Is wet und slippery, the railroad
men feol that it will prove a great im
provement over the present style of
hand brake. It has one advantage over
the other brakes, and that Is that It
can be applied by a child, as the lever
moves easily and without any waste of
strength in setting it.
One of th>> can "f the Pan Francisco
and San Mateo line was fitted up with
the brak^ last week and an Invitation
was extended t>> the officials of the sev
eral street car tinea to be present Mon
day afternoon at the first public
test. The car left the corner of Market
and Steuart streets about 2:30 o'clock
and the first test of the brake was
made while going down the steep in
cline on Harrison street, from Second
to Third street. The car started down
the grade at the usual rate of speed
and had gone about thirty feet when
Martin called, to the nv>ti>rman to stop.
The air brake was thrown on, the
wheels locked and the car brought to a
standstill within a few foot. Another
start was made and wh«»n the car had
gained a good rate of speed, the motor
man threw on the brake, bringing up
within a few feet. Three tests were
made on the grade and the car was
readily and easily stopped. A trip was
; made out to the power bouse at Sunny
side and the brake was tested on level
ground as well as on grades. j n every
case the car came to a standstill with
: out any jarring or shaking.
The air brake worfca independent of
the hand brake and wiU also work in
conjunction with a track brake. The
reservoir is stored undt-r the seats of
the car and is filled by an automatic
pump. The governor can be set so as
to run op to 100 pounds, but twenty
five to thirty-five pounds is all that is
necessary on any of th>> grades in this
city. The governor WU s.-t at thirty
five pound* yesterday, and when that
pressure was reached it opened a valve
and rt-duced the prt-ssure ten points.
Then the valve dosed and when the
gauge apain indicated thirty-five
pounds it opened to reduce the pres
sure afl before. In this way the pres
sure rarped from twenty-live to thirty
five pounds during the whole trip.
Martin and Engineer H« nderpon test
ed the brake on Saturday, wh^n the
trruk was wet and slippery. Martin
says that while running at a twelve
mile rate of speed the car was brought
to a standstill in thre~ seconds, while
it took fifteen and one-half seconds to
stop with the old hand brake.
AN ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.
Frank. GrichTak.cn to the City and
County Hospital Probably
Fatally Wounded.
The Seventeenth-street Police Sta
tion was notified last evening: that
Frank Grich, living with his parents at
212 Collingwood street, had attempted
to take his own life last evening: by
shooting himself in the head. He en
tered the drugstore of George Swan
early in the evening and after convers
ing for a few moments, drew out a re
volver and fired a shot into his brain.
It is reported that Grich. who is a
roof and cornice maker by trade, work
ing for J. Former at Eighth and Market
streets, is despondent over a young
lady with whom he has gone for sev
eral months, and within the past few
days he has been left to himself, for a
reason known only to the young lady,
Whose name he refuses to divulge.
After the shot had been fired he was
hurriedly taken to the City and County
Hospital, where it was . discovered by
Dr. Hoffmann that he had sustained a
severe bullet wound in the top of the
head on the left side.
The physicians are of the opinion
that the shot was fired because of jeal
ousy, but are positive that the victim
will recover.
The parents are prostrated over the
affair.
Yoserrwte Commission.
General John F. Sheehan. for several
years secretary of the Yosrmlte Com
mission, turned over the position on
Monday to his successor, J. J. Lerman
of nio Pino street. The n«W seereturv is
;i personal friend "!" \\\ W. Footo, 'one
of the commissioners. The office has
been moved from the tenth floor of the
Mills building to UO Pine street. It is
not likely that there will be a meeting of
the officers untii the second Monday of
next month.
JAXFATIY 12, IS9B.
MORE TROUBLE
FOR CHINESE
Government Action Is to
Be Taken Against the
Slave-Dealers.
Those Who Have Had Immu
nity Will Feel the Law's
Clutches.
Close Investigations *to Be Made Into
the Methods Used by Im- .
porters.
The action of Collector Jackson In
sending back to China Chow Ah Yet,
! Wong Toy Chin and Lee Kune How.
'. the three girls whom the Slave-dealers'
Association attempted to land under
the guise of being Native Daughters,
carried consternation to the headquar
ters of those who have been violating
the Immigration laws. With the cessa
tion of the crusade against the Chinese
slave-dealers, there came a feeling of
immunity, which caused the importers
to send word to China that the coast
was now clear, and the result was that
I extensive preparations were made to
send over a.^ many girls as possible be
fore the next agitation.
The steamer Peru, which will arrive
here next Saturday, is said to have a
large number of girls aboard whom the
dealers expect to get through the
Custom-house, but since the Collector
is getting versed in the ways of the
Mongolians, it is probable that
there will be more disappointment for
the importers. The Collector is making
closer investigation into the various
casrs that are presented for his con
sideration, and it is rumored around
the Chinese bureau that there are cer
tain surprises in store for those who
have been so openly violating the law.
as well as for several white men who
have aided and abetted the slave-deal
ers in their evasions of the law.
There are still several Chinese women
Bn>l girls detained on the steamers, and
their cases will receive the closest at
tention from the bureau, and the Chin
ese will find that there will not be
such an easy time in the future as in
the past. The agitation which was car
ried on several months ago had the ef
fect of stirring up the department in
Washington to the necessity of doing
something to put a stop to the illegal
immigration, and it is understood that
evidence is being gathered by special
agents whtea will result in the prosecu
tion of several who have committed
perjury in connection with the cases
which have been tried during the past
year.
Some of these cases were so flagrant
that wonder was expressed at the time
that the matter was not presented to
the Federal Grand Jury, but it is ex
plained that the delay was for the pur
pose of getting such testimony as
would Insure conviction, not only of the
most notorious, but also several promi
nent Chinese merchants who have in
terested themselves in the matter and
have sworn falsely regarding the na
tivity of the girls who were proved to
have been born in China.
The secret service of the Treasury
Department has been at work on the
cases for several months, and has so
far completed its investigations as to
warrant It In making its report, which
will be for\va v rded to Washington with
in a week. What will then be done re
mains for the decision of the cfflcials
there, but it is openly surmised about
the Federal building that some start
DANIEL T. COLF, NEW COINER OF THE MINT.
Daniel T. Cole, ex-Harbor Commissioner, has been nominated by Presi
dent McXinley for Coiner of the Mint at San Francisco. The appointment
of Mr. Cole to the posl lon of Joiner of the Mint is one that gfives entire
satisfaction to the Republican party of the State.
The lon.r career of Mr. Cole as a Republican dates back to the first time
he was eligible to vote, and during the intervening: years he was to be
found among the leaders of the party in this State, although contenting
himself with the quiet and retired life of a resident of Sierra County, where
he was honored with the position of a Supervisor for ten years. In 189 a Gov
ernor Markham rewarded his devotion to his party by appointing him
Harbor Commissioner in thl3 city, a position he filled with honor to the
State and credit to himself and the party he represented.
Daniel T. Cole was born in the State of Vermont, and when at the age
of twenty years he came to California and settled in Sierra County, where
he engaged in logging, and like the sainted Lincoln hewed rails and built
fences. In after years he engaged in equipping stages by which towns and
settlements in that county could be reached with convenience and dispatefc.
This pursuit he followed for forty-five years, and in his modest and un
pretentious way became recgnized as a man of sterling character, hon
ored and respected by all who knew him. In his new position as Coiner
of the Mint he brings all of those noble qualities with him into his new
office.
In speaking of his appointment Tirey I* Ford, the well-known attor
ney who was associated with Mr. Cole while a Harbor Commissioner as
the attorney of the Harbor Commissioners, had this to say: "I know of no
better man than Dan T. Cole. He is broad-minded and a thorough practi
cal man of business. During his term as a Harbor Commissioner he in
tnduced into the management of the water front a thorough system of
doing business, a thing heretofore almost unknown. He has the rare char
acteristics of being true to his friends whether on top or at the bottom;
his devotion to them never ceases.
"Senator Perkins is to be congratulated and President McKinley
thanked for the appointment of Danie T. Cole as Coiner of the Mint."
ling developments will be made within
a very short time.
ALMOST ASPHYXIATED.
(\. B. Dennison, Living on Leaven-
worth Street, Nearly a Vic
tiro of Escaping Gas.
Arasmus B. Dennison, 60 years of
age, living at 218 Leavenworth street,
nearly met his death Monday night.
He retired Monday evening at 10
o'clock and was found next morning in
an almost unconscious condition. Last
evening he was taken to the Receiving:
Hospital, where it was ascertained that
ho would recover.
It is supposed a loose gas stop caused
the trouble, as his room was partially
filled with gas when he was discov
ered.
AMONG THE ARTISTS.
Fred Yates Bound for trje Orient.
Success in Selling Pictures.
Fred Yates sailed for the Orient on the
6teamship China a few days since. He
entertains the hope of getting an op
portunity to paint a portrait of the
Mikado of Japan. He will tarry in
Japan and China for some time and
then continue his journey to London,
K<inK around the world from east to
west. From a business and artistic
point of view. Mr. Yates' long sojourn
in San Francisco was very gratifying.
While here he painted portraits of
many leading citizens and obtained
good prices for his work.
Among the artists who have been
very successful in selling pictures this
season are Charles Rollo Peters, Chris
Jorgensen and Charles Robinson. Jor
gensen leads the list with a sale of
twelve paintlng3.
Joseph D. Strong in the line of por
trait work is kept busy. He has exhib
ited many examples of his work recent
ly and has orders in advance to keep
him busy for several months.
The members of the San Francisco
Art Association manifested so little en
thusiasm in the plan to give a Mardi
Gras ball this year that the scheme has
been abandoned.
SWISS RELIEF ELECTION.
A Good Financial Showing for the
Year.
At an annual meeting of the directors
of the Swiss lielief Society on Monday
the following board was elected for the
ensuing year:
A. Borel. G. A. Berton, A. A. Borlini.
J. Freuler. U. Gingg, H. Hauser, A.
Monotti. H. Pichoir. G. E. Porta. Ed
Piquet. Dr. T. A. Rottanzi, M. G. Ton
ini. A. Vignier and Em Pohli.
A financial statement shows that the
capital stock has increased in the year
from $8307 37 to nearly $1000 beyond
that sum.
Cbarnber of Corrjmerce Election.
The annual election of officers and
trustees of the Chamber of Commerce
was hold yesterday, the balloting lasting
from noon to 3 o"clock. There are about
400 members of the chamber and the
vote was a representative one. One
ticket was in the field, and the newly
elected officers are nearly all on the
present board. They will not take cnarpe
of affairs until the lMh inst. Tne
result of yesterday's election was tho
following selection: Hu>jh CraiK, presi
dent; Charles Nelson, first vice-president,
George A. Newhall. second vice-presi
dent: trustees. H. F. Allen, John Her
minprham. T.eon Blum. Kdward Coleman.
E. R. Dimond. A. B. Field. A. (ierberd
!ng, Edwin Goodall, William E. Biighell,
Louts Sloss Jr., A. G. Towne, Charles M.
Yates.
GENERAL GOMEZ WRITES
TO MARSHAL BLANCO.
In Ringing Words the Insurgent Leader
Declares That Spain Can Never
Subdue Cuba.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11.— T. Estrada
Palma to-day deceived a copy of the
letter written by General Maximo Go
Auction Sales.
i
GRAND AUCTION!
! THIS DAY (Wednesday)atll A.M.
i MAGNIFICENT UPRIGHT DECKER PIANO,
I Elojrant Parlor. Chnmber. Dining: and Kitchen
Furniture. First-class Carpets, etc., etc., con-
tained in BC rooms of
! THE LONGWORTH HOTEL,
610 Oeary street, near Taylor.
j FRANK W. BUTTERFIET.D. Auctioneer.
. 6f>2 Markot street.
moz. the rebel chief in Cuba, to Captain
| General Blanco. The letter says in
part:
I "You have come to substitute Wey
! ler. To a man of your conditions, I
I would ask. as I did in the case of Gen
! eral Campos, what are your alms and
: purposes? To exterminate us? It is
j impossible to do that, and to pretend
! such a thine: might be little honor to
: you. Is your purpose to subdue us?
That is absurd, and might prove a ri
diculous attempt for you. Our deter
mination is well known and patent.
( Neither extermination nor submission
; would mean peace. In view of this
; fact, I now repeat to you what I said
to General Campos: 'Let this bloodshed
! be stopped. Let the use of the torch
cease, general. Spain should not allow
Cuba to owe her independence, direct
ly or indirectly to outside help. Let the
deep abyss between Cubans and Span
iards disappear by Spain's recognition
!of the. Cuban republic. Then there
j shall be eternal peace. Otherwise there
i shall be blood and fire. It would be to
I command our honor and dignity. We
: shall fight for liberty until victory,
which always crowns those who fight
for justice, settles our fate.' "
■ ♦ »
NO BINDING EVIDENCE
AGAINST BARBER ZANOLI.
After His Final Examination in the Po.'iee
Court To-Day He Will Be Acquitted
on the Charge of Murder.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11— Charles Za
noli will appear before Magistrate
i Flammer in the Police Court to-mor
j row for final extermination. Professor
Witthaus. the chemist who examined
' the internal organs of Zanoll's fourth
; wife after the body was disinterred.
i will go on the stand and tell what hf>
found. Then It Is more than likely the*
weeping barber will be set free.
Profeppor Witthaus made a verbal re
port to District Attorney Gardiner to
day. The District Attorney said after
ward :
"No mineral poison has been found:
that is, none other than that contained
iin embalming fluid. About three quarts
j of that was in the body, I suppose.
' Nothing has been found sufficiently
! definite for Professor Wltthaus to
; swear it was atropine. We will have
Zanoli takpn befoi-e the committing
magistrate In the morning and put Pro-
f PP? or Witthaus on the stand. The
charge of murder will not be with
drawn nnd the case will rest entirely in
', the hands of the magistrate for his de
cision. Unless he finds sufficient prob
: able cause to induce him to believe
that a crime has been committed he
will probably discharge the prisoner
/*""""V I>r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
I ■ n-infM C»2<> KEARJiT «T. Established
|>7"i; Si" I*sl for the treatment of Private
auk fl I>iseiisrs, Lost Manhood. Debility or
8iK T fevV?*v ! 3 disease v:earingoi> bodyand mind and
' iTXHRxES s ' ; i" Diseases. The doctorcures when
jSE&ew3£«! r i<'lt'<'''Sffill. Try him. Charges low.
T^BIHBsS Ciirr>EU.ir:inli'r:l. i or writ P.
l>r. J. K. %.tBBOX, Box 1957. 5 an Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf jft^L
San Francisco, as follows: £?**>«
For ports in Alaska. 9 a. m.. Jan. 1, 6. 11. 18.
21. 26. 31. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town.
send. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and.
New Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.), 9
a. m., Jan. 1. 6. 11, 16, 21, 28. 81. and every
i fifth day thereafter, connecting nt Vancouver
; with C. P. Ry-. at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at
Seattle with Great Northern Ry., and com-
pany's steamer for Alaska.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Po-
mona. 2 p. m.. Jan. 1. 5, 10. 14. IS. .22. 28. 31.
Feb. 4. 8. 12. 16. 20, 23, 29.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon. Ca-
yucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavi-
ota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San
i Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
! Newport, 9 a.m.. Jan. 1, 6, 9. 13, 17. 21. 25. *9.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
' ford (San Luis OblBpo), Santa Barbara. Port
: Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), It
1 ft. m., Jan. 3. 7, 11. 15, 19, 23. 27. 31, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Pat, Santa Ro-
palla and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. Jan. 6 and
Id of each month thereafter.
The Company reserves the right to changa
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
nd Vi»M»r«i of sniilne.
TICKET OFFICE— Palaca Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery st.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-Etreet Wharf at 10 a. m.
PADF •*•"» First Class Including Berth
{ FAIiE ,$2.50 2d Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:.
State of California Jan. 18
Columbia Jan. IS
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. ■ Rates and folders upon appli-
; cation to F. F. CONNOR, General Agent.
630 Market street.
! GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
fas S3 sine 3#l 6S - Australia.
jjSlillrail, - or HONOLULU onlr
•SI 11 * 3 "*' Tuesday. Jan. 25, at
■ . 2 p. m. Special party
rSHIHSniDc) The 8,8. ALAMEDA
G}lCQlilJlU|/ nll , via HONOLU-
f&nRMU* LIT nnrt AUCKLAND
VVIIIfJUU-q for SYDNEY. Thurs-
day. Feb. 8, at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPS
: TOWN. South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agent*.
114 Montgomery Street.
: Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Compagnse Generale Transatlantiqne.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier mew), 42 North -^.^
River, foot of : orton st. Travelers <gTrj*!TlN
by this line avoid both transit by«^»**«"»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first . claaa 1160,
second class 1116.
LA BRETAGNE... December 11. 10 a. m.
LA GAPCOONE December 18. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE December 25. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE.. January 1. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGN'E January 8. 10 a. m
For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent.
•No. 3, Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco. ■ ■ -
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St., at 6
p. m. Daily.
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO 6:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and gtT-
I ing through freight rates to all points on th»
1 Valley Railroad.
STEAMERS:
T. C. WALKER.' J. D. PETERS.
i MARY GARRATT, CITY OF STOCKTON.
- Telephone Main 805 Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
i FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
. Steamer " Monticello." " ' '
Men.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m. and 3:15 p. m. (9 p. m. ex. Thurs.>
Fridays .;....• — ....1 p. m.. 9 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and ■ Offices— Dock. Pier 2. ■
■ • Telephone Green SSI. • ".
For San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
• Steamer -Alviso -loaves Pier 1 dally. (Sundays
' excepted) at 10 a. in.; Alviso daily (Saturdays
: exceptcd) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alvlso. 60c:
to San Jose. 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 Nort*
t First street. Ban Jose.
1112
A WANDERER
BRINGS RAIN
Vagrant Storm Center
Carries Relief to
Farmers.
It Will Be Followed by Another
Storm To- Day or To-
Morrow.
Ship Captains Preparing for Trouble
With ix Southeaster and a
Heavy Bar.
A vagrant "low." a wandering storm
center playing around in the middle
latitudes, came down the coast yes
terday, and following in its track
came the welcome rain, for which far
mer, dairyman and cattle ranger have
been watching so long.
It is not a big storm — only a sugges
tion of some swirling, whirling tangle
of wind and mist which lies out in the
ocean off the coast of Washington,
waiting for a chance to break past the
line of mountains along the shore and
to sweep eastward over the country.
This big storm is coming, and may
pass the meridian of San Francisco
sometime to-night oh to-morrow, but
in the meantime the little one — small,
howt-ver. only in comparison to some
that ha\p passed and may pass again
—has brought its rain and its snow,
and is now well on its way to the inte
rior to spread its blessings farther in
land.
The rain area reached from up the
toast beyond Point Reyes to below
Santa Cruz, ami not more than a few
miles in from the shore, but as the
hours passed th< area grew larger
until at 5 o'clock it was reported from
nearly as Car east aa Stockton, and
down at Fresno and San Luis Obispo
the dispatches told of cloudy skies and
jubilant farmers.
It was snowing along the coast above
Point Reyes, and from the summit of
Mount Tamalpais came the message
that there was an inch of snow already
on the ground and no signs of cessa
tion. Kings City, down in the Salinas
Valley, told of more rain, and from
Red Bluff came the report of more
snow at that place and along the foot
hills. To a weather man snow is the
same as rain, so the beneficial effect of
the storm must be measured from the
Salinas plains to the mountains above
Eureka, with the night still to pass
and the larger storm coming on from
the west to fulfill the promise of its
smaller companion.
The storm may be a very big one or
it may not— that is something which
will have to be developed later: but it
has. been platted by th- weather of
fice and its course baa been outlined
as crossing the extreme northern part
of the State. The low path of the
smaller center will have a tendency to
bring it to the south, and while the
little will water the southern plains
the big one, if it comes up to the con
tract, will bring full and plenty to the
northern valleys and hillsides.
With the rain, however, has come the
■wind, and things were lively along the
water front in consequence yesterday.
Old Boreas seemed to be soVely per
plexed as to which point of the compass
to seheet for his bellows, so he com
promised by blowing from every direc
tion. There was a south wind piping
up the coast in the morning, hut this
pave place to as good a blow from the
■west. In the afternoon it veered
around to the southeast, and while it
sang merrily among the housetops of
the city from that side, it was blowing
a gale from the northwest at Point
Reyes, thirty miles away. It was clearly
mixed between the two storm centers,
for nature's law demands that it blow
toward one or the other, but when the
big "low" arrives there will be no inde
cision. Ship captains are getting their
heaviest hawsers ready and are put
ting out extra anchors and slacking off
more fathoms of chain, pilots squint
at the clouds and predict a heavy bar,
and longshoremen are preparing to
turn an honest penny by helping some
restless ship to hold m to the wharf or
keep her from chafing her sides or
grinding her bows n< the waves come
to the aid of the humming winds.
A number of vessels ready to sail for
the north have decided to remain in
port to aw;>it a <harsre in the weather.
The British torpedo destroyer Sparrow
hawk and the cruiser Phaeton put to
tea yesterday, however, and the little
boat is likely to have a lively time of
it on the Oregon coast.
The Oakland boats did not get very
much of the storm, but Tiburon and
Sausalito steamers got the full benefit
of the swell that came in through the
Golden Gate. They pitched and tossed
at a great rate, and in convquence
there were no passengers on them save
those whom business brought to the
city.
The rain stopped all work along the
front, and East street had quite a de
serted appearance.
The most bedraggled man to be seen,
from Mfigers wharf to th^ Mail dock
was George A. Knight, the attorney.
Whenever there is any heavy weather
on the bay. hr- is hound to be out in
it on his launch the Athlete. Yester
day he got all he wanted of salt water.
He was soaked from head to foot, and
the cabin of the launch was flooded.
Mr. Knight only laugher! at his wet
ting, and said he felt a month younger
than he did when leaving his office
early in the afternoon.
Forecaster H.-.mnion of the Weather
Bureau believes the big storm will
bring at least an inch of rain before it
passes over the State. That it is com
ing is sure, from the fact that the
winds at Fort Canby, on the "Washing
ton coast, are blowing straight from
the east and are increasing hourly.
They are hurrying toward the ap
proaching storm center and are gather
ing velocity as they draw nearer. At E
yesterday afternoon there had been no
rain reported from there, but Mr. Ham
mon expected to hear of a downpour
before this morning.
The value of the shower can hardly
be estimated. The dairying sections
and the cattlemen had to have it or
the cattle would have had to he re
moved to other sections where the
grass keeps green longer. It has come
just in time, and when the irresponsi
ble little "low" has led Its older brother
out of the State and given some idle
"high" a chance, the farmers will be
in clover— if the "low" does not overdo
things.
TELEGRAPHIC REPORTS.
Snowstorms and Rainfall All Over
the State.
MARYSVTLiUC Jan. 11.— The heavy
frosts and cold weather of two weeks
past were topped off this evening with
a slight fall of snow, which commenced
at 4:30 o'clock and continued at in
tervals for three hours. At no time,
however, was the precipitation heavy
enough to coat the ground, the snow
melting away in the face of a chill
north wind as soon as it came in con
tact with terra firma. The thermome
ter at 8 o'clock was 32 degrees, with
snow still falling. It is not thought
that the cold snap will seriously affect
the fruit crop. It is now fourteen
jrean since Marysville witnessed a
snowstorm.
NEVADA CITY. Jan. 11.— The cold
weather of the past three days has
shortened the water supply in the
ditches of this section and partially
interrupted quartz and gravel mining
operations. The Harmony drift mine
had to quit entirely to-day, and the
Providence Company will shut down.
This morning the thermometer pot
down to IT degrees, hut the tempera
ture Is rapidly moderating, and it is
thought there Will be BO more trouble.
Si;m>' lilies running to the north and
east from lure are using sleighs after
getting a few miles above on the higher
ridges.
LODI, Jan. 11.— After two nights of
the coldest weather and hardest frost
in the history of L#odi. snow began fall
ing here at 7 o'clock this evening. At
B o'clock it was still coming down in
lively shape. Snowballing is going on
in the pitchy darkness. This Is th>
first in years. It will be good for farm
ers if a north wind does not set in.
TUBA CITY, Jan. 11.— It began
snowing here at 5 o'clock this evening.
The weather is still cold. No damage
has been done as yet to citrus fruits.
WOODLAND. Jan. 11.— A south wind
prevails. Rain all over the county be
gan this afternoon. A heavy snow has
fallen in the foothills in "Western Yolo,
also in the vicinity of Blacks and Dun
nigan. There has been a very slight
fall of snow at Woodland.
CHICO, Jan. 11.— The first snow for
several years began falling here at 3:30
this afternoon and the indications are
that it will continue to-night. A cold
north wind is blowing.
NAPA, Jan. 11. — It has been raining
here since noon, and snowing in the
mountains about the town. This was
the coldest morning of the winter.
EUREKA, Jan. 11. — A snowstorm
visited EeJ river valley to-day. A re
port was received from Ferndale at 9
o'clock this morning that it was snow
ing hard at that hour. This is a rare
cm currence In that locality.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 11.— The weather
is unusually cold. Ice formed this
morning. Snow on the mountains can
be seen. Kain fell heavily this after
noon and the prospect is good for a
liberal downpour all ni^ht.
MILTdX. Jan. 11.— Yesterday morn
ing the thermometer registered the
lowest figure on record for this place —
20 degrees Fahrenheit. "Water pipes
were frozen and th<- ground was frozen
BO hard that it was impossible to plow
all day. Some injury will result to bar
ley, which has already been sown. The
Indications are that a colder spell may
be expected.
ELM IRA, Cal.. Jan. 11.— The pros
pe» ts nf a drought throughout this part
Of California have been dispelled by re
cent rains. While the rainfall last y-ar
measured 12.65, against r>.9o fur " the
present season, the rains have been so
uniform this spring that farmers have
been enabled tcr put in a larger acre
age of grain up to the present time
than fur several preceding seasons,
which, with the spring rains that are
alnn^t assured by the lisht fall up to
the present time, promises this section
"f the country a larger yield of grain
than it has had for several years p:ist.
It has been raining steadily for the last
five hours.
MONTEREY, Jan. 11— Reports have
just <-o!>". in from the Carmel Valley
and the Corral de Tierra country, about
fifteen miles distant from this place.
that Sunday night's rainstorm termi
nated in a heavy snowfall, the snow
j.-maininp on the around till past mid
day on Monday. This Is quite unprece
dented in that section, and serious rp
sults to garden truck are feared. A
heavy snowstorm also occurred on El
Toro, the highest peak in this vicinity,
and the bie round mountain now pre
sents a fine appearance as seen from
the valley on the sea with its gleaming
white blanket of snow.
CLOVERDALE, Jan. 11.— There was
a heavy fall of snow in this valley to
day, varying in d^pth from one to three
inches. Early this morning the ther
m< meter dropped to 24, the lowest in
y°ars, with clouds overhead, which
commenced to drop their fleecy con
tents at 10 o'clock, snow falling at in
tervals until fi o'clock to-night. An
odd and unusual sight was that of par
ties of snowballers frolicking among
orange trees loaded down with gotden
fruit, peeping forth from a snowy cov
ering. The snow came at an opportune
time t< save the orange crop. So far
citrus fruits have escaped damask by
frost. Young grain will be benefited
by Hie snow.
ST. HELENA. Jan. 11.— The oldest
inhabitants say the present cold weath
er has had no equal for thirty years.
For several mornings the thermometer
has bften below 20, the ground is frozen
and ice half an inch thick forms every
night over ponds. On Sunday there
was sufficient snow to whiten the
ground So far the heavy nightly frosts
have not damaged growing vegetntion
except to ruin the olive yield for pick
ling purposes. The frost will not inter
foff, however, with the extraction of the
oil. It beiran snowing again about noon
to-day and continued all the aftei -iv on.
The town turned out en masse. th<* en
tire population engaging in snowball
ins until darkness.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 11.— Snow has fallen
more or less constantly all the after
noon on both the Santa Cruz ami
Mount Hamilton ranges. Before dark
they presented a beautiful sight. Th-?
f;il of rain in the valley has not been
heavy so far.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. There has
been no rain here except the shower
on Saturday evening, and no change
is reported in the condition of the
crops. There was a sprinkle here this
evening and a few flakes of snow fell,
but melted as soon as they struck the
ground. Persons who came up from
San Francisco to-night report quite a
snowstorm along the road in Solano
County, with the ground covered.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 11.— Sonoma
County received a good rain to-day,
bringing the seasonal rainfall up to
eight inches. No crop has suffered for
lack of moisture, but the rain will
greatly benefit the pastures and early
sown grain. It will also make plowing
more easy. -.*;
HANFORD. Jan. 11.— T.ast ni^ht was
one of the coldest in the history of this
■ectlon. At R o'clock this morning the
thermometer registered 14 depr«^s and
ice remained on the ground until late
in the day.
ANDERSON, Jan. 11.— Snow began
falling at 3p. m. The weather is cold,
tho ground white and it is snowing
hard.
SAN T^UIS OBISPO, Jan. 11.— A
heavy rain bepan falling here about 6
o'clock this evening, and up to 9 o'clock
it had rained over an inch. The storm
is still in progress and heaviest of the
■eaaxML Hopes of a good season pre
dominate with all.
JEROME, Ariz., Jan. 11.— Snow has
been falling for thirty hours and the
ground is covered to a depth of two
feet, with a threatened continuance.
Railroad traffic is liable to be seriously
impeded.
Europe's Famous Galleries.
Notwithstanding the inclemency of the
•reather the illustrated lecture on "Mas
ter|ii*ces of European Art," by Rev. Al
fr. (1 Kumrr.er, D.D., in the Young Men's
Christian Association Auditorium last
night was well attended by an appre
ciative audience, many of whom h«v,.
been unal.le to visit the great art gal
leries of the world, but are desirous of
gaining as much insight into them as
possible. Others who have already gazed
<>n these wonderful creations of the great
masters came to see in plain black and
wnite what they had once viewed in all
the wondrous colorings of the artists
brush.
Studies of the famous Madonnas of Ru
bens, Rembrandt and Angelo were shown
together with noted pictures of the man
< tirist and famous bits <>f sculpture in
which the well-known Venus de Milo
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 12, 1898.
and Venus de Medici took a front rank.
The speaker also pave brief and Inter
esting sk.tclns of the lives of the f-w
Den whose works of art the world has
since vainly tried to copy. The lecture
is one of a series of five which la beinp
piven liy I >r. Kummer Illustrative of a
trip through BorOpe.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
R Luseomb. Win Mrs A Criley. Durham
J It Smith. Ohio -NT Llpman, city
.1 Stevens. Sacto ]II C Davey, Calistoga
J a Crulkshank, N V w II Topley & w, Cal
v P Curry, CM s a Miller. Nev
J Sttnson, Cal W \V Douglas, Sacto
M L Isaacs. X y | k W Sanders. L Ang
A CWestgate, R Vista S F Maltby, L Ang
<• A Smith, CourtlandlT li Dillon. Minn
■\\ W Foote. Oakland W\V Turrey. Campbell
T C Johnston. Cal T <; Walker, Cal
R Farrar, Portland Mrs .1 It Loomls. S J
11 Delator. Portland N H Loomls. B .I"-
C Calloway, Courtland'J E Carroll. Cambria
E Foster. Alameda , 7. M Hamilton. Boston
M Dupenbroek. Sacto a C Brwin. Tulare
A Morris. Woodland A Tiermann. Sacto
.1 M Peart. College C E H Ellis, Rom Stn
3 H Mason & w. Pa A L Hubbard & w.S J
<; H Peters. Yreka C Gerrish • w. Cal
C Milhaha. Fresno II \V Crabb. Oakvllle
C Petal MB, Frosno I> k Blacklent. V Rbls
L A Si.itZf-r. S Jose \V Pendleton. La
A P Halfhitt. Li Ann '
HA 1.1 IN HOTEL.
L D Flnnlgan&w. B J . H Kehoe. Rossland
M Donovan. Chicago ■ C Frankenther. N T
J O'Neal. Boston T Hasan, Salinas
S Tate. Saeto G Mlgliavacco. Xapa
B Smith. Oakland L Isaacs. X V
F Market. Oakland R Lamer, Stockton
L, D Hind?. Alameda Mrs It Lamer. Stktn
F Hinds. Alameda O H Myran. Miss
1 T Hall. X V ' L M Gerbnr. Miss
E .1 Caldwell. Cal W H Romatne. N V
D C Halsey, Woodland T Patterson, B C
F Crowley, Mt Tamal F Armstrong. Boston
.1 \V Drain. Chicago J Make. L Angeles
C W Hutchlnson. Cal F Bratton. S Diego
S Berliner, Dawson C F oast, Boston
C I' Ireland. Ky G Burford, X V
T Q Watson, Ixmlsvle
U<*K HOUSE.
W Grant, California it A Moncure. S L Ob
W Kn .x. California W Ryan. Elko
It <" F Clark. Ohio B V Hake, Omaha
B I? Johnson. Stocktn B P Foss. Boston
J Ropers. California M I. Elliott. B Rosa
G S Paton. B Rosa P W Street ■ w. Cal
Mrs W Hill. Petaluma I>r A T Hyde. Merced
W X Hill. Petaluma T .1 Barrett. S Jose
G I. Hoxie, Fresno L Levy. Sacto
R H Schwartzkopf.Cal H C Black. S Rafael
W Wilkinson. Prcaoott B Farrell. S Cruz
J Markley, Sacto 8 C Crow & w. Oakld
J M Johnson. Idaho L Alexander, Callfor
S Repinskey, Alaska '
PALACE HOTEL.
J B Peakes. S Cruz Mrs C Watson. Seattle
■'. Schlmmel. N York i> P Cooper. Belmont
R D Stephens. Bacto ;F L Orcutt. Bacto
C Low. New York J A Day, New York
Mrs Ix>w & md. X V H R Wood. I'hlla
Mrs R D Stephens. Sac i F J Carolan, BurlnKm
T.T O'Hara, Ls Ar.K [W S Sullivan. Chicpo
H Undley, Oregon Mrs II Bowden. s Jose
C P Bratmober. Cal G H Peek. I.s Angeles
II B Wait<\ Cal W D Gray. Milwaukee
J Green. Seattle X Bow-don. San Jose
C Watson. Seattle c T Rlttenhouse. X V
R Varth A- s, Tacoma 1
NEW WESTERX HOTEL.
R m Ooodeil, Virginia J A Howard. Baeta
J B McCall .<• w. Wash ( .1 M Boclea, S Barb
T Healy, Marysville jS. Mixon. Eureka
I. Piper Santa Monica I Mix Portland
i; w Allen, Seima ,D H Richardson.
B M Hopper. P«lo Alto c H w..o,irurr. p Alto
F A Do<ison. Selma <; F I^eonard. Ban Jose
D 0"Toole. El Paso .1 P Reynolds. Chicago
P E Richardson .<• w. Mrs .1 Dickinson. Sac
I.ios Angeles C L Davis. Buffalo
L Relnhart, San Jose M Peterson. Seattle
THE STOCK MARKET.
Then* was a weaker feeling In mlninc stocks
yesterday on the noon and afternoon calls and
Sierra Nevada sold down to We. Other
changes were slight.
The Overman delinquent sale takes place to
day.
The annual meetine Of the t'tah Consolidated
Mining Company has been called for Janu
ary M.
The stockholders of the Silver King Mining
Company of Arizona have re-elected the old
management f,->r W>. with Thomas I". ]'h>-tr.
■i>-nt and J. W. l">u as m» islaij
The Pa< ific <".>ast Baying! S.w iety has re
elected the nil! board of director! tor w <v .
with Wendell Baaton .1= president, C. B. Hen
edlct vice president. William c. Mardock man
a*er a;id \V. P. !■ 'ary.
The Crocker-Wool worth National Bank, has
re-elected the old officers for MM, with Will
lam H. Crocker a3 president. W. K. Brown vice
president and O. W. Kline cashier.
The First National Bank has re-elected the
old .if fliers for ISM, with Samuel <;. Murphy
as president and James K. Lynch cashier.
The annual election of officers at the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board will be
held to-day.
The Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation Company
has declared a regular monthly dividend of 40
cents per share, payable January 2ff.
The Mercur Sold Mining Company of Utah
has -dared a monthly dividend of 12 V4 cents
per share, payable January 20.
The Silver King Mining Company of Utah
has declared a dividend of 25 cents per share,
amounting to $37,500.
The Randall Banking Company of Eureka
suspended last April. Depositor! have al
ready received 1". per cent in dividends, and
another one of 5 per cent has Just been ■!••
clared.
The following dividends were paid Monday:
A semi-annual dividend of $:, per shar.« by the
First National Bank; a quarterly dividend of
COn by the Market Street Railway: the Marln
County Water Company a quarterly dividend of
75c; a monthly dividend of Be by the Natoma
Vineyard Company.
The Live Oak Consolidated Gold Mining
Company of Nevada County has levied an as
sessment of 10 cents per share, delinquent
February 4.
The following ore shipments from the mines
of Eureka District, N>v., were made over the
Eureka & Palisade railroad for the two weeks
ending December 31: Eureka Sampling Works.
136,600 pounds of ore: Excelsior. 237.750; Eureka
Con.. 106,020; Jackson. 71.900; Richmond. 92.590;
from Hamilton, McEUIn. 62.530.
Last month's report of the Alaska-Mexican
mine shows 14.322 tons ore milled and 237 tons
sulphurets treated, the latt»r yielding jr«>.".3.
and ft 10 per ton for both. Bullion output, $30.
133.
The annual meeting; of the Spring Valley
Water Works and election of directors anil
officers for 1898 will be held to-day.
The Jupiter Gravel Mining and Water Com
pany of Calaveras County has levied an as
sessment of 20 cents per share, delinquent Feb
ruary 10.
BOARD SALES.
Following were the pales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Regular Session— 9:3o.
100 Belcher 40 4On Gould & Curry. 33
100. 41 500 Potosl 33
100 Best & Uelchr.. 47 Mi 33
200 Chollar 27 ! 500 Scorpion 0(5
&00 Crown Point ... 27 300 Sierra Nevada . 67
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 35 j CO I'otosl 30
100 Best & Bclchr.. 4.". 100 Sl
300 Chollar -■"■ 200 Sierra Nev ... v,
100 Con Cal & Va..l IS; 100 Standard no
300 Crown Pomt — 24 100 Union Con 31
200 23;200Utah 08
100 Mexican 21 100 Yellow Jacket '.. 31
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Regular Session— lo:3o.
Alta 13 1 130 Occidental ... 123
700 Belcher "'■> W0 Ophlr .. '.'. Kg
400 37 300 :::::::::; si
600 Best & Belchr.. 47 1000 Overman ..'...' ij
300 ("hollar Z*|4ooPotosl 3"
300 2<j 2'«> Sierra xcv ..... fi"
SOO Con Cal & Va..l 20 500 67
300 1 17.. MO 51
600 Crown Point*.:. 27 400 ' 61
700 IS M go
300 Gould & Curry.. ■'■'■ M 0 -•,
10 Hale & Norcrs..l 30 M 0 Union Con 34
200 1 27' KOO Utah OS
600 Mexican 21 300 Yellow Jacket .. 04
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Jan. 11-2 p. m.
Bid. Asked j Bid.Asked
V S Uonds— I Oakland Gas.. ES% &6
4s quar coup. .lll 115 V& I'ac Gas Im.. '.13
4s quar ret?.. 112 — Pac LCo .'»> 57
4s quar new ..123 — 8F Q A. 1-;.. 'M% 95
Miscellaneous — Ban Fran .... 314 334
Cal-st Cab 55.H2V4 — Stockton uas. 14H —
I Cal El L H.aHi — Insurance—
' C C Wat 65.. 100 104 Firem's Fad. 190 —
Dup-st ex c. — KM Bank Stocks—
! B LA: P 65.. 123 — Alg!o-Cal .... 56 56*
IF& Ch Ry65.116 — Bank of Cal.. 247 250
Geary-st It ss. — 101 Cal 8D & T.. 99 101
He A S r.i^..102 107 First Nat .. 195 200
LAL, Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A....1:-. _
Do BUta H. 99 101% Mer Exchnge. 12 —
Market-st 65. .125 — Nev Nat 8...150 156
Do Ist M la.mii — Savings Banks—
NatVln 6s. lsts — 100 Gei S i L..1475 1620
NCg Ry to.. M — Hum S * L.1050 1160
IN Ry Cal 6s..lOS>£ — Mutual Say. 35 40
NRy Cal 55. .102 — S F Say U.. 475 —
N PC Ry 65. 1044 - B& L 50.... — 100
NPc Ry as. :*»\ — Security sv. 250 —
Oak Gas :.5...104 — Union T to. CSO —
Do 2d Is 55. .11 l 112 I Street Railroad—
Om Ry G5....126 120»« California ....10S% —
P& O Ry 65. 110 115 Geary 40 —
P & ('ll Ry6s.llO>^ — Market-st ...'. 52 -4 —
Powell-st 65. ..120 124 Oak SL & H — —
Reno VVUL.. — 105 ! Presidio .... 7 _
j Sac Elecßyßs. — 100 Powder—
i S F & N P 55.104H104*i California .... 92V-107W
S Pof Ar 68..101-6102V4 E Dynamite*. S3 -
j S P Cal 65....1U!«M1'H ; Giant Con Co 37U 3S
SPC Ist eg Ds. 96% - Vigorlt 354 3«i
I S P Br 65....105 i /i 1 i09i : ., ./Miscellaneous—
j B V Wat 65..119H120V4 Al Pac Assn.. !>9\IOOV
S.V Wat .102%- Ger Ld Wks.loo _
Stock Gas .100 — II C& S Co.. 303 i3l
i _ Water— Hutch S P Co m 40
j Contra Costa.— 61 Mer Ex Asn.. 90 —
Mann Op .... 60 — Nat Yin Co .. — 74
Spring Val ...ioo 100% Oc S Co .. 34% —
Gas & Electric— Pac A F Al.. - 3
j Cent Gaslight. 9S»£ — \ pp a c Ror C 0... 92 —
j Capital Gas... —. — Par Paint Co. 6% —
MEL C 0.... 15Vi 15% 1
MORNING SESSION'— IO:3O.
100 Hctchinson S P Co «0 00
15 Oakland Gas 55 75
15 Oceanic Steamship Co 33 23
10 do do 33 i»ti
*»n» n '><'> do S" M
:• r.T-ill,- Lighting 56 00
60S F Gas an.l Electric Co 94 75
1° ? do do -94 XT'*
■'■: spring Valley Water 100 00
-OOMgorlt Powder 3 «2>,
Street— -
mo Hutchlnson s p Co *. 40 00
« Market-Street Railway 52 624
.■^t£ rlnß \.,:i.. v Water 100 00
♦ 10.000 Spring Valley Is Bonds 102 50
00 'I" do ■ 102 OH
AFTERXOOX SESSION.
100 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar ... 30 75
!"■ ■ Hutchinson s P Co 40 00
100 , do . do blO 40 00
$5000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 102 00
J^Pf 1"*1 "* }' :il] -y Water M
JlOoo •- r of A Bonds 102 no
J2OO0 8 V Branch Railway Bonds 109 23
lOOVlgorit Powder 375
Street—
130 Hutchlnson s P Co 40 00
MS F Gas and Electric Co '.'. 94 75
40 Spring Valley Water 100 00
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSIXESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-« 27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 8:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9 30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
S.\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets;
open until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
?51S Mission street: open until 9 o'clock
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
etreets; open till 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and™ ]»~~
M. — The officers and members are re- _^%
quested to meet at th- Masonic Ten,- \<f Jf
pie on WEDNESDAY. January 12, /V^
at 1 o clock p. m.. for the funeral of our
deceased brother. LUDWIG GEORG JACOB
BEHRMANN, late member of Eucalyptus
Lodge No. 243, F. and A. M. By order of
the W. M. L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
MISSION Lodce No. I-'.:-. F. & A. M.. Ik
2C6X Mission st., between Twenty-sec- _^V
ond and Twenty-third. Called meet-^TTP
ing THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- rU*
ING at 7:30 o'clock. First Degree. By order
of the W. M.
c. D. BUNKER. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No Ml F. * A. m '
Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- JV
DAY) EVENING, January 12. at 7 'JE3f
o'clock. First decree. /v^
TIIKO. E. SMITH. Secretary-
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. ■
M.— First degree THIS WEDNEB- Jk
DAY at 7:30 p. m. By order of tliolrjf
Master. /V^
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
MORSE LODGE No. 2T.7. I. O. o!
F.— lnstallation of officers THIS
(WEDNESDAY) KVK.M.m;. ..ai!- =ts«S^g=
nary 12. All membf>rs are re- "»*v«S-
quested to be present. Visitors cordially in-
vited. Hv order K. I.M.i.MANN. .n.'.;
C. BRIND. Rec. Sec.
UNITY Lodge No. 61. K. of I.. will %£■
Install officers on THURSDAY v JBl
EVENING. January 13. H. S«SkL.
SCHAFFNER, G. K. of R. & S., "*§£%
will also the same evening deliver hi lec-
ture on "Laws of Order." All Knights are
cordially Invited.
C. SCHOENFELDT. C. C.
S. W. GATES. K. of R. & S.
"OLD FRlENDS"— Nomination of officers for
1898 on WEDNESDAY NIGHT. Jan. 12. and
election in WEDNESDAY NIGHT. Jan. 26
in Old Friends' Hall, 14 Third st. By order
of DR. IJRANKLIN F. LORD. Pres.
J. E. SLINK EY. Rec. Sec.
GEOGRAPHICAL Society of the Pacific— The
annual election of directors and concilors
of this society will be held at the rooms.
Merchants' Exchange building, on TUES-
DAY, January IS. Polls open from noon till
6 p. m. By order
GEORGE DAVIDSON. President.
JOHN PARTRIDGE, Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Spring Valley Water Works will be held at
the office of the company. No. 126 Stockton
St., San Francisco, at 12 o'clock, noon, on
WEDNESDAY, the 12th day of January, IS9S.
to elect trustees to serve for the ensuing
year, and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
DUTCH Mining and Milling Company— The '
regular annual meeting of the stockholders
of the Dutch Mining and Milling Company
will he held at the office of the company,
which office la now temporarily situated at
No. 319 California street. City and County of
San Francisco. State of California, on MON-
DAY, the 17th day of January. IV'S, at the
hour of two o'clock p.m. on said day for the
purpose of electing a board of directors for
the ensuing year, and also for the transaction
. ,of such other business as ma; be brought be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books close Tues-
day, January 11th. l^s. at 3 o'clock p. m.
GEORGE W. GERHARD. Secretary.
Dated San Francisco, January Cth, IS9S.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing, of stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship i
Co. will be held at the office of the com- I
pany. 327 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.. !
on Friday, the Hal day of January. I*9B. at !
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose
of electing a board of directors to serve for i
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as 'nay come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books will close on MONDAY,
January 10, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholder* of the
Realty Syndicate will be held at the office
of the corporation, 14 Bansoms st.. room 15,
San Francisco, at 3 o'clock on THURSDAY.
January 20, ISSS, to elect directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and for the transaction
of such other business as may come before
the meeting. J. c. WINANS. Secy.
THE regular annual meeting of the San Fran-
cisco Ladies' Protective and Relief Society
will be held at the "Home." Franklin street,
between Post and Geary. Thursday. January
13, UM, at 2 p. m.
ALICE BROWN. Recording Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Union Iron Works Will be held at the office
of the company. 222 Market st . San Fran-
cisco, on TUESDAY, January 25. IS9S. at 11:30
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
J. on GUNN, Secretary.
Office. 222 Market St., San Francisco. Cat
January 10. isr>S.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Secretary of the Protestant orphan Asy-
lum of Ban Francisco herewith gives notice
that the following orphan ami half orphan
girls and boys nave been admitted at the in-
stitution on Halght st. from July 1. ls;i7, to
■ Jan. 1. 1S98: Rachel Crossley, 12 years; Neva
Cross It ji, in years; Eva- Crossley, 2 years;
Etta Lithgow. 13 years; Sophie Semiei-, 13V4
rears; Emma Shoebrldge, 11 years; Emellne
Burket. 5 years; Hilda Burket, 2 years; Lou-
isa Potts, 7 years: Minnie Potts, 4 years; Jes-
sie Potts. 3 years; Delma Cottrell. I years;
Lillle Borkman, 7 years; Annie Peterson. 13
years: Mabel Peterson, 3 years; Frank Mc-
Keai;. 2 years; Edward Burket. 9 years: Fred-
erick Berket, I years; Carl F. Berg. ii
years; David Cottrell. 10 years: George Bock-
man. I years; Albert H. Smith. 4 years.
PRACTICAL ship draughtsman and builder
open for engagement: designs, calculations,
all information supplied to persons about to
build Yukon- steamers. Draughtsman, 3G2 3d.
ABANDONED children In St. Joseph's Infant
Asylum from July 1. 1896. to December 31.
1S»7: John Carey. 4 yean; Frank Carey, 5
years; August Collins, 3 years; Walter Con-
nolly, 4 years; Eddie Fa'llon. 5 years; Alice
Fallon. 3 years; Josls Stack. 5 years; Mary
Stack, 3 years; John Sullivan. 5 years; Frank
Sullivan, 3 years; Edith Gallagher, D years-
Bell Gallagher, 4 years.
THE orphans and half-orphans admitted into
St. Francis* Girls Directory Orphan Asylum
since July 1. is:< 7, to January 1. ISMS, are as
follows: Orphans — Mary Briscno, age 13-
Cella Brlseno, age S; Bertha Symon, age 5
Half orphan MarceHa Matthews, age 7-
Frances Matthews, age 6; Adela Dobrogoiska,
age 13; Victoria Dobrogoiska, age 10; Mirtle
Kelly, age 9; Bessie Kelly, age 7; Ida Kelly-
age 6; Minna Kirby, age 5; Jennie Kirby, age
2: Ella Rlley, age 12: Frances Camella. age
6: Maggie McGlade. age 11. William
Kelly, age 6; George Klrby, age 7; George
Lee. age 2: John McGlade, age 8: Frank Mc-
Glade, age 7.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. room 6; tel. 6550.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MRS. DR. FISH. 101V4 Grant aye.. rm. 2; elec-
trician: alcohol. Turkish baths; unrivaled.
ROOMS whitened from $1 and papered $2 60 up.
239 Third st.
MRS, STEWERT. genuine steam and cabin e7
baths. 120^4 Geary St.. room 11.
JNO. HULTHEN. electro-magnetic massage
treatments; alcohol baths, 8 Mason at.
E27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tlons and want nds taken.
D I V I D D _ NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 61 (forty cents per share), of
the Hutchinson Sugar Plantation Co., will be
payable nt the office of ' the company, 327
Market -St.. on and after THURSDAY, Jan-
uary 20, ISK, Transfer books will close on
Friday, January 14. ism. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads token
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Your orders for housegirls, cooks,
second girls, seamstresses, nurses, ladies'
! maids, etc. C R. HANSEN & CO.. 108
Geary St.; tel. Grant IK.
WANTED— Hotels and restaurants to send
their orders to us and get competent cooks,
waitresses, chambermaids and housekeepers;
we have them, with references. C. R. HAN-
BEN & CO.. IN Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS infants nurse. Protestant, de-
tires situation: 2 years last- place; city or
country. Miss CLLLEN, 325 Sutter.
GERMAN woman with a girl 4 years old, de-
sires situation: best references: country, $10,
good cook. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
SUPERIOR Swedish cook desires situation;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Slitter.
NEAT young girl desires situation at cook-
ing or housework, $10 to $15, up. MIS& CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter.
SWEDISH girl, good cook and houseworker.
$20: city or country. MRS. NORTON. 323
Sutter st. : tel. Green 721.
GERMAN Employment Office— MßS. LAM-
BERT, 417 Powell st. (tel. Main 5332). fur-
nishes best help of all nationalities.
Al AMERICAN Protestant cook, I years' city
reference from last place, desires a situation.
J. F. CROSETT .v CO.. 316 Sutter st.
AN English lady <:.«). thorough housekeeper,
excellent cook: good needlewoman: seeks
position in small family; good, refined home
chief object, or as useful help to elderly or
invalid lady: city, or fare if distant.
GEOTHE. box 545. Call office.
RESPECTABLE Swedish woman with one
child 7 years would like a situation to do
general housework and cooking in small fam-
ily; no objection to country. Please call 1507
Devlsadero st., near Geary.
WANTED— Respectable, experienced woman
with four-year-old child, will do good .cooking
and housework for $12 a month; country pre-
_ f erred. Address box 452. Haywards.
LADY, good needlewoman, would like home
with dressmaker, to be generally useful; sal-
ary secondary: no young children; city. En-
ergetlc, box 546. Call office.
RESPECTABLE American woman wishes sit-
uation in small family: understands German:
neat, tidy: wages from *!.'. 1.. $20 per month:
city references. Call 259 Stevenson st.; no
postals.
COMPETENT woman would like a position as
working housekeeper or do chamberwork in
hotel or lodging house.' Apply 704 Mission
st . near Third.
WANTED— lly a young girl to do housework
or cooking; wages not less than $20. Please
call .'.»» Valley st., between Twenty-eighth and
Twenty -ninth, Guerrero and Dolores.
SITUATION wanted by experienced cook, Ger-
man, steady and competent: restaurant or
coffee and lunch houre; best of references.
CM Mission st., room 1.
MOTHER and daughter want situation; mother
good cook and manager: daughter, second
work or care of children. Box 542. Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman, with boy, wishes
Situation as working housekeeper: city or
Country- Address box 549. Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes position as companion or
to care for child; references. 15A Henry St.,
Castro cars.
GERMAN woman wants to get work by the
day: washing, cleaning, cooking. Apply 933
ward st.
GOOD seamstress, understands dressmaking,
wishes place for upstairs work and sewing;
references if required. Address 443 Vi Natoma.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day.
cooking, houseeleanlng or waiting on sick
people. Apply 447 Bartlett st.
GERMAN girl wishes a position in a German
family to do general housework. Address 420
Jessie st.
COMPETENT woman would like a position as
cook and laundress, or would do housework.
Apply 306', 2 Hayes st.
YOUNG girl wishes to do light housework.
s£o>j Howard st.
WANTED To go out by the day to do laun-
dry work in private families. 1224 Union.
THOROUGHLY competent German lady's
maid wants situation. Address box 548. Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing or
cleaning. 114 Hayes st.
GERMAN woman wishes ■ situation to do gen-
eral housework or as housekeeper; good plain
cook; by the week or month; $10 to $12 per
montht 504 Howard st.
_GIRL wishes position to assist in general
housework. 771 Harrison st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes situation; gen-
eral housework. 7.'.1 Howard st.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do general
housework; good wages. Address 1503 Golden
Gate aye.
DRESSMAKER would like to do sewing in
private family in exchange for room and
board for a short time. Box 515. Call offlce.
GERMAN girl wishes work at houseeleanlng
and washing; $1 per day. 215V4 Polk St., rear.
ACTIVE, middle-aged woman wishes position
to assist in general housework. Address
northeast corner Florida and Twenty-fourth.
YOUNG lady wishes a position where she can
attend an evening school. Address 427 Grove.
STRONG young woman would like work by the
day: chamberwork or houseeleanlng: willing
and obliging: terms reasonable. Call or ad-
dress 726Vs Clementina st., in rear.
WOMAN wants work by the day in lodging-
.us.- or sewing. Call 139 Fourth st.
LADY'S maid wants position to travel by the
Ist of February; city references. Address
box 533. Call Office.
WANTED— By a first-class chambermaid, a
place in city hotel; sleep home. Apply 951
Mission st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry: low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes a few
more engagements; prices moderate. Ad-
dress 1065 Market St., room 19.
STRONG German girl wants a position as
cook or housework, city or country: speak?
English. A. Y\. 207 Montgomery aye.. r. 25.
EXPERIENCED French girl wishes situation;
first •lass cook or housekeeper; city or
country; best references. 1371 Sacramento.
RESPECTABLE lady with little girl wishes
situation as housekeeper; city or short dls-
tance in country. Call before 12 o'clock. 1719 A
Eddy st.
BY first-class housekeeper: best of references.
A. N.. box 445. Call office.
NURSE — Sick or confinement nurse desires en-
gagements. Box 431, Call office.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
IC7 NINTH st— Eranch office of The Call:
. subscriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATION.* WASTED- HALE.
NOW is the time — — .
After the rain ■
Do you want a competent. able-bodied
plow-hand, teamster, laborer, milker or dairy
hand? If you do, you will find about 300
looking for work at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S
offlce. 103 Geary st.
CHINESE and Japanese; estab. 20 years; help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE employment office; work day, hour
or evening. 122% O'Farrell St.; tel. Davis 605.
CHINESE and Japanese v Employment Office
Best help. 30 Geary Ft. ; Tel. Grant 56. f,V :V;
HUNTER & CO.. Chinese end Japanese emp.
office 614*4 California Ft. : tel. Main 231.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment office;
best help. 414& O'Farrell. Tel E. 426.
MAN and wife wish situations on ranch, or
dairy. Address E. T.. 225 Golden Gate aye.
JAPANESE faithful, honest boy wants posi-
tion as cook, waiter and to do housework. G.
it.. 1917 Broadway.
ALASKA— Experienced miner, good mechanic,
would like work here or north; will take
grubstake on Copper River. Box 525, Call.
SITUATION wanted by competent coachman;
best references. Box 523. Call office.
YOUNG married man of good habits, refer-
ences, desires position; good around horses:
not afraid of work: in private family or any-
where. Box r.20. Call.
POSITION as entry, bill, shipping or freight
clerk, or any clerical position or office work-
best references. Address F. B. W.. 804 Turk!
MIDDLE aged, sober man wants work as
dishwasher. Call or address Peter Morrow
43.'. Pine. '
GERMAN. 27 years old. speaks good English
wishes work of any kind: has had experi-
ence waiting, driving, porter, etc. Box 61*
Call Office. .
MANUFACTURING chemist wants position In
the city. 543 Turk st.
YOUNG man with good education and an ex-
pert penman, will give his services 3 hours
every evening In exchange for room and
board: can furnish best of references. Ad-
dress T. H.. box 535. Call office.
YOUNG German upholsterer wants wJrk. 635
Mission st.
339 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call
Subscriptions and ads taken.
POSITION as watchman around a bank or
store; will give $160 security and references.
Address box 437. Call office..
A NO. 1 baker arrived to-day from Germany:
age 23: wants situation. Address Baker, 651
1 Clay st.
SITUAI-OXS \V._ Continued.
BY young man (German), to wash dishes, as-
sist In cooking, saloon or other work: city or
country. Address H. VIELITZ, 136 Sixth St..
room 11.
MAN about private place; coachman, gardener:
loves to keep place clean; Scotch-Canadian.
Box ,*2S, Call.
YOUNG man would like position as assistant
drug clerk; 2 years' experience: good refer-
ences; city or country. Address L., box 2.
Call office. Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class florist
and gardener; best of references given. Z.
1: . box 14, Call Office.
SITUATION wanted— German gardener, with
best local references and 15 years' practical
experience in all garden work, wishes situa-
tion in private place. Address box 440, Call.
WANTED- as porter or waiter by
an Englishman; best of references. Address
H. GAYLER. 253 Thirteenth st.
FIRST-CLASS paperhanger and painter, hav-
ing a complete outfit of ropes, etc., wants
work. 1302 Webster st.
JAPANESE boy wants a situation as school-
boy. ITO. 22 Prospect place.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c to $1 60 per night:
Jl 60 to $6 per week: convenient and respect-
able; free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant a y.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
WANTED— for hotels and restaurants
4 waitresses, same hotel, south, fares paid.
Waitresses for Sacramento, Fresno, Pa-
cific Grove and San Jose; fares paid.
5 restaurant waitresses, $6, $5 and $4 a
week. . _
Neat young woman to make coffee and
wash the china for a first-class restaurant;
"Chambermaid, country hotel. $20: city. $20.
4 chambermaids and wait table, $15, $1. and
$IR.
Neat check waitress, sleep home. $2...
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 103 Geary st.
4 GERMAN cooks tor families. $30 and $25;
German second girl, with references. $2o; 33
houseglrls, $15 and $20: nurseglrl, $12. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
FINE Ironer, hotel laundry, $22 50. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. IPS Geary st.
WAITRESS $7 a week; waitress, Oakland. $20:
German woman, cook. $25; 6 girls, small res-
taurants, $3 to $4 a week; 3 girls for bakeries:
3 waitresses, same restaurant, $5 a week; 3
waitresses, same hotel. $15 and room: 3 good
chambermaids. $20 and room, and wait: cook,
small place. $25: 3 waitresses, $6 a week; 2
waitresses, $18 and room; waitress and cham-
bermaid, city. $20 and room. MARTIN &
CO.. 749 Market st.
GIRL, Post st., $20; 4 girls, Berkeley. Cal.. $15
to $25; 3 girls. Alameda. $20: 2 girls. Fruit-
vale, Cal.; German girl, bakery, $20, no cook-
ing, no washing: girl. Seventh St., IIS; girl.
Belvedere, Cal., 2 In family: girl for an insti-
tution: girl. Eddy. $25 girl. Golden Gate aye.,
$20; girl. Washington, $25: girl, Eddy, $20;
girl. Baker. $20; girl, Sacramento st., $20;
girl, Ban Mateo, Cal.: girl. Broderlck, $20;
girl, Devisadero, $25; girl, San Rafael, Cal.,
$20. MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market St.
2 HOUSEKEEPERS: 5 second girls. $15 to $20
per month: 17 house girls, $15; 16 German, 12
Swedish and 6 Danish girls. MARTIN &
CO., 749 Market St.
HOUSEWORK, Benicia. $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Slitter St.
FRENCH maid and seamstress, $25. MISS
g CULLEN, 325 Sutler st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress. $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl and nurse, $15 to $20; country.
MISS CULLEN. 125 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, $12. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
REFINED German second girl. $20: laundress
$30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl. $25; nurse, $15. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, 2 in family, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK— Marysvllle. $20: Modesto. $25-
Vallejo, $20; 10 housework girls, city and
country, $20 and $25; 6 young girls, assist. $10
Ito $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN girl, bakery. $15; no cooking. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, country, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Suiter st. . "
GERMAN girl, bakery, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Suttl r st.
SECOND girl, $25: cook. $25; housegirl, 2 in
family, 525; German house girl, $20. no wash-
ing: middle-aged woman, $20; ynung girl. $10
to $12; cook. Oakland. $30; second girl, Oak-
land. $20. MRS NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
RANCH Cook. $25; woman, light housework
family of 3, $15, Antioch: 8 housegirls for the
city at $15; 10 young girls to assist, $10 to $12;
chambermaid. $15: housekeeper, $20; cook,
Oakland. $30; 6 middle-aged women, country.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
SECOND girl, $25; cook. $25: housegirl. 2 in
family. $25; German girl, $20, no washing.
MRS. NORTON. 323 Suiter st.
2 FRIENDS or sisters, cook and nurse, same
house. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
AMERICAN nurse, 2 grown children, $20: 2
German and Protestant nurses. $20 and $25;
3 second girls, city and country, $20; 6 cooks
in German families. $25 and $30: Ironer in
laundry, $20; 6 waitresses and chambermaids,
hotels, etc., $20; 2 cooks, small hotels. $25,
and a large number of girls for cooking and
housework in city and surrounding towns.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— For hotel near city, girl to assist
In waiting and chamberwork, $20 per month:
very nice place; fare paid. Apply to W. D.
EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st.
WANTED— For institution near city, a cook
for the manager and wife; no baking or
washing; salary $25 per month: first-class
place. Apply W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay.
WOMAN for kitchen work. city. $15; 25 women
and girls for housework, country places, $15.
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
NURSE and companion of some experience
and pleasant manners for an invalid lady;
wages $25 to $30 per month: references re-
quired. Apply 1722 Pine st., bet. 2 and 5 p. m.
WANTED— competent nurse to take care of
infant. Inquire 271S California st., between
10 and 12 a. m. or 5 and 6 p. m. • ;■„- .
GIRL for rooming house: sleep home. Call
after 10 a. m.. 232 Van Ness aye., southeast
corner Grove st.
GERMAN employment office, MRS. LAM-
BERT, 417 Powell st., has places for girls
of all nationalities.
EXPERIENCED girls wanted: shirt factory
:<.> Clay St.. in rear. No. 2 Wheeler & Wilson
machines; steam power.
GIRLS to work on flowers and feathers. Ap-
ply ROBT. L. TOPLITZ & CO.. 545 Market.
GIRL for buttonholes on custom vests. CARL
MANNES. Ml Folsom st.
WANTED— Lady barber. Apply at 207 How-
ard st., at the restaurant.
WANTED— A young girl to assist in bakery
store. 226 Third st.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework" 2
in family; wages $10. 1449 McAllister st.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework-
family of 2. 1717 Turk st.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework and cook-
ing. 1935 Howard st.
WANTED— Woman for general housework 234
Hyde st.
APPRENTICE with some' experience on cus-
tom coats, and go some errands. 623»4 Post.
WANTED— G'trI for general housework and
cooking. 40S Golden Gate aye.
WA N'TED— Call at 303-307-311
OPERATORS on shirts. M. J. KELLER CO
1105-1103 Broadway. Oakland. ~ iJ^ c ' "-
W ANTED— from 13 to 15 years of age to
take care of infant. 2530 Twenty-fourth st.
APPRENTICE wanted for hairdresslng at 111
Stockton st. G. LEDERER.
BOOKKEEPER and cashier; experience~ne7eT
sary. Address box 534. Call office
"ir^irH^Wa^'s^ ■— » housework,
WANTED— GirI. German preferred ceneral
housework; small family; wages $15 G refer
_ences required. SIEVERS. 1401 A Scott st
1 ; j? n a^j^Lgjel
G7161G 716 I m sL dle " aged ° man for housework.
aDd COok -
°bSy. t0 73? ' pin" st Cht h " us^ork^nT^Tot
FIRST-CLASS finisher on vests • al-o an
prentice. 956. Mission. . ° ap
K 'as' w';,rkin^ E >^ ISP" to *<** «Ult €k«K
be CMd ,onV p ke f per; small family ;must
kg? bet° k9k 9 - an^r^B Jggft a ™'
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. fii<« Murirof
St.; monthly troubles, etg. One'vWi f sufficient!
"?o °mTke A I T °r l t on steam •**** machines.
!n«r a Levl Strauss ■ Co.'s riveted cloth-
Jnfen^r^ «£ MR. "AVIS, Super-
HELP WAXlfiD— Continued.
WANTED— Experienced operators on men's
fancy flannel and white shirts; also a lim-
ited number to sew on buttons; will also
take a few inexperienced for instruction.
Standard Shirt Factory, cor. Gough and
Grove sts. - , ■• ..;.-
LADIES in trouble consult DR. SMITH. 1503
Market st.. 1 to 4. 7 to S p. m.
THE McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School is the best place to learn; Mechanics'
Fair diploma; patterns cut 25c up. 103 Post.
LADIES' shoes, soleing. 35c, men's shoes, sole-
ing, 50c.: all repairing done at half the usual
price. C 62 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d.
OPERATORS on flannel overshirts and under-
wear, inexperienced hands taken and taught.
Levl Strauss & Co.. 321 »£ Fremont st.
LAWRENCE Dress-Cutting School. 1079 Mar-
ket st. ; a perfect fit guaranteed without try-
Ing on: call and be convinced.
.MALE II ELI' WANTED.
10 BOILER-MAKERS for new tankwork;
BEST-GOING WAGES: country Job: fare
paid to and from work; also >; helpers; call
early, C. It. HANSEN & CO., Ml Geary st.
ENGINEER and machinist for a large plant:
must understand running cold storage, am-
monia process, and also arc and incandescent
lighting, wiring and .-. pairing; must have
recommendations; $75 to $106. C. It. HAN
SEN & CO.. IPS Geary st.
WINDOW baker who can make New York
butter cakes, for Seattle, $10 a week, fare
paid. c. It. HANSEN & CO.. ins Geary st.
GERMAN waiter, country hotel. $30; 3 neat
European plan waiters, $35: night waiter,
chop-house. $30; waiter for springs fare ad-
vance,!, c. R. HANSEN vv CO.. 10S Geary.
3 MORE colored waiters with dress suits
country hotel. $25 and room, fare advanced.
C. R. HANSEN .v CO., las Geary St.
3 COOKS. $40. $30, $20: man to clearTchickenfT
$* a week. C. R. HANSEN & -CO.. 103
Geary st.
YOUNG man to fire a boiler and help around.
$7 H a week. C. It. HANSEN & CO.. 108
Geary st.
6 WAITERS --■ ■ HH
for mines, hotels and festaurants. $23 and
$20: I waiter boys, $15: 3 cooks, $40. $45. $30;
3 dishwashers, $15 and $20; baker's helper. $15
and found; 3 waiters. $4 and $5 week: pho-
tographer, tin type gallery. MURRAY I
READY, Leading Employment Agents. 634-
656 Clay St.; telephone SS4S.
150.000 TIKS
to cut for corporations, forests, syndicates,
railroad companies. *tc. 9c. Sc. 7c each; B9
lchoppers, $1 cora: 25 families with or
without children to cut wood, $1 cord; f.\
shingle and box bolt picket makers. etc.. at
$1 50 a cord: wheelwright, country shop; 5
grafters for orchard; 15 primers, -$20; 5 farm-
hands.. $25. $20 $15; blacksmith for a ranch,
fare $1; 3 choremen. $15, $10: 3 milk.- $20.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTER, city job. » MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
160 ACRES ~~
of vineyard to prune by contract: see boss
here. MURRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634-636 Clay St.; telephone
main EB4B.
WANTED — 6 first-class boiler-makers for
country: fare paid: good wages. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — 3 more quartz miners, $3 day;
paster on white ware, press work; oil solici-
tor, carpet solicitor, with the trade and con-
sumers, 10 per cent commission; American
butter-maker. $35. and others. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Oysterman and waiter, $8 week:
second cook. $45. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— For Yukon, second engineer, $150;
blacksmith, $150; cook, $150; all with board;
each man must have $500 to $1000 cash; re-
sponsible company; arrangements to be made
in this city; intelligent business men only
need apply. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED— Physician and surgeon of ability
for a Yukon company; must have $2000; re-
sponsible cojnpany; arrangements to be made
in this city. See J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento St.
WANTED cook, country hotel, $60;
driver for delivery wagon, with city expe-
rience and references, $35 and found; en-
, gineer for Institution near city, must under-
stand electrical repairs, pipe fitting, etc.,
$55 per month, with board, lodging and wash-
ing; coachman for gentleman's place. San
Mate. County, $25 and found and Increase;
German or Scandinavian for : private place.
Marin County, $25 and found; strong German
boy for housework for family in city, $15
and found: young man to milk M cows and
do chores, small ranch near city, $15; 3 wood-
choppers. San Mate., County. $1 40 for cord-
wood, tools furnished; 5 boiler- makers, fare
paid. W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay St.
WANTED— 6 boiler-makers for country: ■■ fare
paid. Apply to W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay.
WAITER, oyster house. *:'.",; 3S waiters. $7 a
week; 2 waiters, $60 and room. MARTIN &
CO.. 74 Market.
WASHER for flannels, steam laundry. MAR-
TIN & CO., 749 Market.
BAKER'S helper; country; call early. MAR-
TIN & CO.. 749 Market.
3 BOILER-MAKERS and 3 iron-tank makers
for Southern California, fare paid; 2 Irish-
men for lumber yard, country, $26 and board;
washer and harness cleaner. $50 and room.
R. T. WARD & CO.. 60S and 610 Clay st.
i BELLBOY, $13 per month; over 16 years.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
WANTED— AII round laundryman; smalt
wages; country. 530 Vallejo.
BARBER wanted: steady work. 204 Powell st.
MAN with $40 cash: light work. $15 weekly.
M Sixth St., room 12.
BOOKKEEPER for general store, willing to
. assist at counter. 101S Washington, Oakland.
PIANO house salesman, acquainted with in-
stallment business; permanent. 313 Bush st. ,
OFFICE principal: good correspondent; perma-
nent place at good salary. 1018 Washington
St., Oakland. - ■-.-■■.
BARBER, first-class, wishes steady situation;
city or country; no 10c shop. Address, stating
wages, box 635, Call office. - .
BRIGHT salesman; outside work; half, profits.
. Union Mfg. Co., 1020 Market st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
. marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their Intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, s^nd be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and i feet in height.
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting office, 20 Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal.
CARPENTER -wanted to rent house of four-
rooms and bath and carpenter shop and at-
tend to customers till owner returns from
Klondike; references required: rent $10 B
_ MARTIN, 12 Bache st.,nr.St. Mary's College.
WANTED— Physician to work in high-class
advertising institution: must be a man of
more than ordinary ability; state particulars.
Box 518, Call.
JAPANESE Information Bureau: choice help
furnished. I Powell St.. room 2; tel. Clay TO.
WANTED— Energetic young man to canvass
city trade for a millinery house: must fur-
nish good reference. Address box 530, Call.
WANTED— Sheet iron worker! Call HOL-
BROOK, MERRILL A STETSON.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for south and
coast; good wages. 26 Steuart st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry: low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
BARBER shop for sale: S chairs. 779 Market.
• WANTED— A sheep ranch manager; the ranch
is large and centrally located; grain and hay
are products: manager must be experienced
and a good business man: none others need
apply, and advertiser will not undertake to
answer all letters: state age, experience and
qualifications, family, if any, etc. Address
Box 4118. Call Office. - '
' WANTED— An experienced .city salesman.
Brownstone Wine Company, 331 Ellis st.
E. SIMON wants 100 men to get bottle beer
or wine, sc; best free lunch. 643 Clay st.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Roome 25c to $1
night: $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
• SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S.- 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
• j 2000 pairs shoes— Another lot of men's shoes;
been slightly damaged: at less than one-
fourth their value ; from 25c to $2 50. 563
Mission St.. bet. First and Second sts.
WINCHESTER . House, m Third st.. near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading-room;
; free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MEN'S soleing, 60c; ladies'. 40c: while you
wait. 63S Market; branch. 767 Market. -
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
; flee. S. PUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.
4 MARKET St.— Branch office of The Call;
; want ads and subscriptions taken.
Cl 5 LARKIN- office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken. '
SINGLE rooms 10c and 15c night, 75c and $1
; week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard.
• MEN to learn barber, trade in eight weeks ■3.
F. Barber College. 135% Eighth. •
ELCHO House. 863& Market St.— Rooms 20c
15c to 60c night: $1 to $2 week.
• ROOMS, lac to. 75c per night ; 50c to $1 50 Der
week Oriental. 225 Drumm st. :%■
WANTED, to collect wages due laborers an*
clerks. KNOX Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, »57 Market st., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. ■HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764% Mission; i *
• men to take rooms: 10c. lfto and too per j
night; COc, 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED — and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still j
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 150 largs : '
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per w»elc.
FURNITUKE "WAITED.
WANTED— Furnished flat or house; cheap for *
cash. Y. V.. box 35. Call office. .
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion St. : tel. Mint I*2l. fi
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 1» Mont-
gomery st. : highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
UOOM — WANTED.
WANTED- In San Rafael, ■ modern house of 6 «
to E rooms; must be low rent and in a good
location. Address boy 4 ■»•.•■ Call office. '
WANTED^-MISCELLANKOUS. J
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: lowest rates;
no com. SCRIBNER & CO.. 7 City Hall Sqre.
MACHINERY, belting, pit*, scales, tools, etc..
bought and sold. J. Livingston, 201 Mission.
PAWNBROKER— cold. silver. cast-oft I
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
DENTISTS.
DX. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr. 11th, no
charge for extracting when plates are mad©;
old plates made over like new: teeth from $$
per i-et; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEO. W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discover at painless extraction & patentee of
improved bridge work or teeth without plate,
moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st. -
FULL set of teeth, $5; painless extraction; see , ]
our combination plate, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years; teeth without plates; crown
and bridge work our specialty ; teeth Im-
planted or transplanted; fillings 50c. crowns
$S 50; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago. Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry: no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact: full set of teeth. $5 up; silver
fillings. 23c up; gold crowns, $3 50 up; your
teeth put in without a plate; open evenings.
897 Market St., cor. Sixth; phone Jessie 695.
NEW York dentists— Plates $5 up; silver fill- i
ings, Be up; gold fillings, 75c up; plates
mended, $1 up; painless extraction. 60c: all
work warranted. 569 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
$S— FULL set of teeth: best make; kept In
■repair; extracting free: fillings, 50c: crowns,
$3 60. Pacific Dental Parlors. 13 Third st.
DR. J. J. LEEK. 1126 Market St.: open even-
ings; Sunday till noon; registered dentist.
W. C. HARDING. M D., 500 Butter St., cor. !
Powell; tel. Main 5375; painless extraction.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J. ■
. W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. •
COLTON Dental Association. gS6 Market St.
DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
LOST.
LOST- brown St. Bernard pup  months'
old; name Victor. Reward if returned to 129
Turk st.
LADY'S gold watch, with monogram M. A. K.
on cover. Return to 37 Lafayette st.. bet.
Eleventh and Twelfth. and receive reward.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of Pan Francisco, In the j
name of EDWARD H. GEIB. No. 204.658.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A seven-stone diamond cluster pendant
of earring; liberal reward; return to ';„,;,--;•
Drugstore, corner Stockton and O'Farrell sts.
BRING old gold and silver to me and get cash
for It. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
i X A s^_
TEAS.
20, 25, 10, 55, 40. 50 per pound.
COFFEES.
10, 15. 20, 2.". 35. 40 per pound.
SPICES,
10, 15, 2". 2".. 40 per can.
• RUNNING 100 STORES ENABLES' US TO
SELL VERY CHEAP.
WE GIVE FREE
PRETTY DISHES,
GOLD WATCHES.
BICYCLES,
MUSIC BOXES,
AIR RIFLES. '
; GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO. \
Stores Everywhere.
zzn
HORSES.
WANTED— Two work horses; weight 1000 to
1200 lbs'. ; state lowest cash price. Box 522 :
Call.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold !
Wor exchanged; cheap storage: 40 horses; must j
sell. T. P. NEWELL, IMI Mission, cor 14th. j
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carte. harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 227 Sixth St., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
I£o hend if horses suitable for nny business. Old
Turk street Car Stable. 1301 Turk st.
4 MA RKET~Et.— Branch office of The Call; ;
wait »ds and subscriptions taken.
WAGOSS AND CARRIAGES.
SECOND hand grocery, bakery delivery wa-
gons, 2-wheeled carts, road wagons, buggies ;
and harness bargains for cash. loth and I
Valencia sts.
TOP buggy, new grocery, business buggy and !
good 3-sprlng delivery wagon. 1161 Howard.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments: 1 fine top and open -
bm-i-v: also 1 hack. <i; a HarrUon «t. .
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
GAS stoves for heating, one-half price; 1 and
2 bowl barber washatands, cheap. HUF- 1
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye
WANTED -To buy for cash.' old or new seal-
skin jackets or dolmans. Address Fur Store, I
box 544, Cal' office.
FOR BALE— Young German canaries; fine
singers and topknots. Apply 37 Lafayette st.
FINE sain. • front embossed stained glass;
nickel plate; cheap. 1166 Mission si.
FINE sealskin Jacket for r Ki; cost $250. UN-
CLE HARRIS, IS Grant aye.
FINE milch cow cheap; will calve in 2 months.
925 Brannan st.
FOR sale Second-hand lumber, t. and g., it;
flooring, ■ $10; pine, $6; Bay District track
buildings.
THOROUGHBRED St. Bernard pups. Sire.
. Roxie Taylor:. bitch, Doris. Address "Press,"
Irvington, Cat
STREET roller, 2:6x2 feet, as good as new,
cost $60; will sell for $30. 11l Van Ness rive.
FIREPROOF safe; forge; anvil; iron wheel-
barrows; Iron pipe. 64 Silver St.
BARGAIN — horseshoe nickel In slot ma-
chines. J. S., box 1, Call Office, Oakland.
FOR SALE— 2 Incubators and C brooders; cheap.
2709 Lark in et.
SOME new and second hand Sterling wheels;
bargains. NICHOLS & CO., 404 Battery st.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second hand: all
Fi zes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10; Records, $5 per doz;
Projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupl. 833 & 946 Mrkt
BOILERS, engines. td hand' machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale St.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1122-36 Mission.
■ COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ter*, linoleum, ofllce furniture, storo and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOON AN. 1017-101&- 1021- 1021
Mission St.. above Sixth.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1053 Mission, near 7th.
WHISKY, Mcßrayer, April, 1-/-2. from ' Ken-
" tucky bond'-d warehouse direct: 6T»c per gal-
- ' lon. F. EPHRAIM. 68 Market St.. S. F.
FOR sale chwr- eicond hand fireproof safe at
42 Main st.
SECOND hand dynamos, gasoline and steam
engines, boilers, pulleys, shafting, laundry
; machinery, etc. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
.. RETIRING from business; our entire stock of
rattan furniture and baby carriages will be
fold at wholesale* cost. California Rattan
works. 74": and 747 Mission, ►■■■: 3d and 4th.
SEWING : MACHINES.. ~
$2 MONTHLY: rented, repaired, ' bought, sold;
;■ machine supplies. 145 Sixth. ■
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing:., lowest rates. 205 Fourth
PHYSICIANS.
D « £'.c. c - O-DONNELLTomce and res.
Market; diseases of women a specialty.
. OFFICES TO LET. ~
Bl BA.NSOME St., now occupied by W. Loalza
& Co. ASHTON, 411 Montgomery. **» IJ *
BUSINESS CHANCES.
SALOON; established many years; sur- j;
rounded by shipping offices and factories;
rent $17: a first-class, paying place; actual ', •
value about $800; bargain. Particulars ;
WILKE. 783 Market it
2500— RAREST chance: corner saloon inrvery i
best location In city; established many
years; clearing above $250 per mo.; lease;
large stock; the very beat cUss of customers.
Particulars. WILKE, 763 Market St.
COO— OLD and first-class- paying saloon; close ! '
to Baldwin Hotel: best clas-i of custom: net !
rent $60; a tine business opening. Inquire '
WILKE. 783 Market St.
500— OLD-ESTABLISHED corner saloon, best '
part of the city, will be sold by the brewery
direct; a great bargain. WILKE. 753 Mar-
ket st.
NOTICE— STRAND & CO.. 23 Kearny ft., will
sell your business quick . for cash.
50— SALOON; best location In city!
clears $7.". monthly: a sure bargain; oiler
wanted. STRAND A CO., a Kearny st.
550— FISH and oyster market; big trade; good
horse, wagon; clears over $100 month; must
sell make offer. STRAND & CO.. 23 Kearny.
125— GROCERY and bar: chance In lifetime:
worth tieble; 3 rooms: rent $20: must be sold ;
at once. m. LESS, 765 Market.
■oXiIAI.!. MARKET, Fillmore st., between \
Washington and Clay, will open 'Tuesday.
February 1; a few remaining stalls for rent:
this market contains 19 Stalin, is situated on
a business street In the very center of the
best residence portion of the city. is ele- 1
gantly fitted up, light and airy, ami stalls
arc already rented by the very best class
of dealers, commanding a large established
trade; the market property Is ■ commodious,
first-class building, costing $50,000; an excel- '
lent opportunity is afforded for market men
to make money. Apply at market between
6 and 10 a. m.. or at BOVEE, TOY i: BONN-
TAG'S, 624 Market st. ■
(300— Partner wanted; good paying restaurant;
attend to cash counter: steady man only. '
CURRAN & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
$200— Partner in saloon doing paying business.
CITRRAN & CO.. 30 Kenrn>* st
}--' BRANCH bakery and variety store; 61
rooms. CURRAN & CO., 30 Kearny st.
$;.■' HOTEL cigar stand: well paying.
$700— Saloon, best location in city.
$500— Cor. grocery and bar; Western Addition.
$350— Coal oil route: well established.
$125— Bakery and delicacy store; a bargain;
and other good bargains at
ANDERSON & WINS, 777 Market st.
TO sell your business for cash. apply HEALI
& CO.. 917 Market. |
$110— BRANCH bakery, candy, notions, etc.: !
living rooms. HEALY & CO.. 917 Market
$200— HOME bakery, delicacy store; north Mar-
ket; central; monthly receipts $250; value in
Stock; fixtures. BASIL!-:. 873VJ Market st.
$1000— GROCERY and bar; fine location.
$750 — Restaurant doing good business.
$Cso— Lodginp house; best location.
— Branch bakery near Market st.
See ARMSTRONG & ALLISON, SSS^i Market.
$1000— CORNER grocery and bar; fine loca-
tion; good horse and wagon; established
trade: low rent; full value in stock. Box
"-! . Call office.
PARTNER— Stock in hand Invoices over J30.000;
trade big: too large for one to handle; man
more than cash wanted. Box 543, Call office.
25 lodging-houses, saloons, other business In-
vestments from $100 to $5000. 4'»2 121 2 Geary st.
NOTICE— ARMSTRONG & CO.. W5% Market
St., will sell your business quick for cash.
$125 — SMALL manufacturing business; 1 am
going East. 1020 Market St.. room 1.
FOR SALE— WeII established cigar and no-
tion store. 166 Eleventh st.
AN undivided one-fifth interest in mining
proposition, located In very heart of richest
gold bearing district in California; no assess- ■
ments; no further expense; will pay from
$5 to $10 a day: present owner must sell;
price $1000. Box 461. Call office.
$400— FOR SALE— Grocery and bar: well
stocked: corner of two main streets south of
Market; must be sold on account of death
in the family. Address box 536, Call office.
FOR sale— Flower store, doing fine business;
good reason for selling; established 4 years;
low rent. For further particulars address
box 52!. Call office.
DOWNTOWN notion-store. located In the
heart of the traffic, with a good stock and
long lease at low rent: price $5000; principal*
only; good reason for selling. 1314 Call.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free.
WANTED A man to take half interest In a
well-established mill business, with small
capital. Inquire at 413 Mission st. Tor par-
ticular-.
FOR SALE Horses] Ing business; first-clans
chance for good mechanic; proof of business;
owner leaving city." Box 4C.s, Call office.
DRUGSTORE doing a good business! sick-
ness cause of sale. . E. E. BUNCE, SOS
Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— Party with $200 to Invest in latest
patent: sells at sight; big money In It. 216
Turk st., down stairs; 2 to 3 p. m."
GROCFRY and branch bakery; well estab-
lished. 967 Howard Ft.
A WEEK'S news for I cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
2526 MlSSlON— Subscriptions and want ads
taken for The Call.
COMPLETE outfit for restaurant, cheap. Call
this office.
$165— FINE old-established saloon: splendid lo-
cation; doing good business. 805 Howard st.
$600— FRENCH liquor store. Southeast corner
Valencia and Thirteenth sts.
FOR SALE— and notion stand at your
price If sold to-day. 139 East st.
SALOON, &2."H Ransom e st., near postofflce;
sickness cause of selling.
MIDDLE-AGED lady, capable manager, with
some capital; rare chance. Box 537, Call.
TO rent — In front of saloon, space for cigar
stand and clubrooms. 33 Third st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
FINE saloon for sale cheap. Inquire 1
Hampton place. Third and Folsom sts.
1 SMALL grocery for sale cheap; owner re-
I tiring from business. 119 Seventh st.
GENTLEMAN partner wanted; paying propo-
sition. 1015 Market St., room 17, second floor.
i PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or at 133 Third St., Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
WANTED— SIOOO; good security and interest.
• Address Security, box 446. Call office.
$2.">— STORE to let. cor. Oak and Franklin; suit-
able for any business. 15 Grant aye.
ICECREAM parlor and candy-store; account
of death; bargain. 934 Valencia.
BAKERY in fine country town, sold at a bar-
gain. Apply 2529 McAllister st. . ■
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
34 ROOMS, fine comer $1600
6 rooms, new flat, corner 400
39 rooms, corner, the very best 2000
14 rooms, on O'Farrell st., only iv.ii
IOS-room hotel, only : 6500
16 rodma. on Market, part offices K5O
30-room house, must 5e11.... "so
14 rooms, on Golden Gate aye., rent $40.... 600
12 rooms, central, good furniture 250
11. c. DECKER. 1020 Market Bt., opp. Fifth.
FOR eale— Lodging and boarding house; pay-
, Ing well; best location; low rent: 43 rooms;
good furniture; price $4000; $25<iO cash. $1500 In
1 year. Inquire of MR. A. S. IIONEL, 320
Sutler st. ; no agents.
$100 — Partly • furnished house of 14 rooms; near
Mission and Third: 24 rooms. Mission and
Fourth. $475: 50 houses for sale. Before pur-
chasing apply HEALY & CO.. 917 Market st.
239 HAVES ST.— Branch office of ihe Call.
Subscriptions and ads tnket:.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
it- and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 150.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 853-57 Tehama st.; tel. So. 40.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
WorJta, 14 Bth St.. B. GRANT. Tel. Jessie 201.
CARPETS cleaned, renovated like new. J.
M' Q UEEN. 4f.S Stevenson; tel. S. 228.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 420 Suttar;
tel Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. prop.
CLEANING, 8c; laying, 3c: rug samples free;
tel Jessie 944. Stratton. 3 Eighth. ■
CARPETS cleaned and renovated like new.
23 Tenth: tel. South 3C. Mackintosh &.Co.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpct-cleanlDg Co., J49 14 U»
St.* cleaning Ac a yard: tel. Ml». 74.
CONKLIN'S carpet-beating works, 833 Golden
Gate aye Telephone Eaat 128
STORAGE.
AT low rates— J^urniture/ carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
s advances made. ■J. NOON AN. 1017 to 102}
Mission St., above Sixth: open evenings.
AT lowest Household goods, pianos: ad-
vances made: fireproof building. F. W.
.ZEHFUSS. 640 Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821.
- ■ TO LEASE.
OLD T. M. C. A. building, 23J Sutter at., to
rent for long term of lease. . Apply to H. J.
M'COY, llason and Ellis eta. v •
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 12, IS9B.
HOUSES TO LET.
322 CLEMENTINA— Nice cottage 5 rooms and ■
yard, $15.
WHY pay rent? Why not build? You can do
SO. If you have mortgaged and -wish to pay
' It off easily you can get best terms of Amer-
ican Investors' Co., 11 Montgomery st. :
ALL OVER TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
109 BUTTER, near Taylor— For office and resi-
flence; 8 rooms: very choice; investigate.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
SUNNY corner flat. 4 rooms, furnished for
housekeeping: cheap rent to responsible ten- :
ant. Apply MADISON & BURKE. 620 Mar-
ket st. _^
COTTAGES TO LET.
1514 BUCHANAN^ bet. O'FarrsU and Geary—
Cottage, 6 rooms and bath: rent $20. Key at
fruit store.
NKW i. I and 7 r. ; $10. $15 and $20; or will sell.
v><) to $150 cash; ba!. same as rent. 646
Market st.
$7, $S and $9 cottages. 3 and 4 rooms; good or-
der. Apply 945 Bryant, or I'mbsen & Co.. 14
Montgomery st.
FLATS TO LET.
UPPER flat: I choice sunny rooms; pantry
storeroom, $12. Mil Clay, near Flllmore. I
ISM GEARY, near Buchanan— Upper flat. 6
rooms and bath; rent $15; water free.
317 CLEMENTINA— sunny. 4-room flats;
clean; $13.
1545 GEARY, cor. Buchanan— Upper flat. 6 I
rooms and bath; rent $15; water free.
$14. FLAT, double parlors, dining and kltclienT
iVj Hermann. June. Market and Valencia.
DOWN town sunny flats: 5 rooms and bath-
cor. O Farrell and Taylor: rents reduced to !
S2S and $22 50; Apply MADISON & BURKE.
C 26 Market st
ATT. OVER Tr>WW ~ I
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL.- 10 Montgomery st.
A $25 nice cottages and flats on Geary st . nr
Polk. SPECK CO., 602 Market st.
2 SUNNY flats. 4 and 5 rooms; baths and base-
ment. 1007 Oak st.
665 PINE St.— 3 flat« of 3, 4 and i rooms; bath-
nice location.
$3— LOWER flat of 4 rooms. 27 Pearl "st., off
Market, near Valencia.
BAY window flat; 3 roon:.«. 2S Hitch st., near
Folsom and Third.
FOUR rooms and bath. 223 Laurel aye., bet. I
Turk and Eddy, off Van Ness aye. ; rent
reduced.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew- I
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay. !
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
329 CAPP— sunny rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping.
743 EDDY— Single rooms with running water
and gas stove.
917 EDDY— Nicely furnished front connecting
rooms; gas range; splendid location.
214 FIFTH— 2 sunny front connecting house-
keeping rooms; bath; stove; closet; pri- i
vate; $10.
325 GEARY— Front alcove room, well furnish-
ed; running water; closets; suitable light
housekeeping. Btt£st!
KM LARKIN— Large sunny front, with small
I connecting room; light housekeeping; $10.
, 2152 MARKET— NiceIy furnished room; private
family; nice neighborhood; light housekeep-
ing; $6.
340 MCALLISTER— 2 nice sunny rooms for
housekeeping.
28 MlNNA— Single and housekeeping rooms,
75c and $1 per week.
1219 MISSION— Two sunny housekeeping suites;
front and back.
"i"' t O'FARRELL— Two or three housekeeping
or furnished rooms;- rent reasonable.
1711 1 * SCOTT— Furnished or unfurnished rooms. !
136 SEVENTH One large room, with sink; fur-
nished for housekeeping; yard.
139 SEVENTH— Holllday House; sunny " suite;
housekeeping privileges; also single rooms
USA SIXTH— » or 4 sunny rooms, furnished
complete for ke.-ping. .
19 STANLEY Place— slo. 6 nice sunny rooms,
including bath; also $7 50, 4 good rooms.
i-i SOUTH PARK— Sunny rooms, furnished Tor
housekeeping or unfurnished.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew- '
dry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
ROOMS TO LET.
422 P. ANN AN— Furnished room with use of
cooking range, $1 per week.
422 BRANNAN— Two large sunny rooms to let;
rent M per month.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
220 EDDY— Sunny front single and double
rooms; first-class board, $3 50.
24 FELL— Sunny furnished rooms; board op-
tional; parlor for 2 with board, $35.
511 FOLSOM— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
IK 1 ?. A FOLSOM— Sunny front room: private
family; no children; rent reasonable.
402 GEARY— Sunny furnished rooms for gents;
$6 and $7.
518 GEARY — Elegant sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping; also double and single; rea-
sonable.
SB HOWARD— Housekeeping rooms: single, $7
1 and $<? per month: suites, $12: other rooms.
715 HOWARD, St. Davids— 2oo rooms; suites;
single: sunny reading-roe ; 25c up.
ISO 6 HOWARD, corner Fourteenth— 3 sunny
front rooms; rent $8.
HOTEL SALISBURY: beautiful grounds; ta-
ble unsurpassed. 299 Hyde, cor. Eddy.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny— Pleasant
runny rooms, en suite and single; flnt-cl&sn
in every respect; terms reasonable.
I 2214 LARKIN— Large, sunny bay window room;
furnished: grate; one or two gentlemen, ref-
j erences required. ■ •
li.l MARKET— Furnished or unfurnished
sunny rooms, suite or single; best. part of
street.
667 MINNA, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room: fl a week.
1524 MISSION— 2 large sunny rooms, use of
kitchen; also sunny parlors for physician's
office, •
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 Mission; select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
535^4 O'FARRELL— FIoor of 4 unfurnished
; rooms and bathroom; others: call evenings.
Uti> POWELL— Nice coxy furnished front room
for rent. • • •
17 STOCKTON, European— Elegant rooms;
; suite or single: day, week or month; baths;
: hot and cold water; transient; elevator.
11.' SEVENTH— Furnishes suits and single
rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL, prop.
12i SlXTH— Cheapest In the city; double and
single sunny front rooms.
209 TURK, near Jones— Nice sunny furnished
parlors, newly carpeted.
613 VAN NESS aye. — 4 furnished rooms; bath;
entire floor, $20; together or singly; call 10
a. m. to 2 p. m.
FRONT and back parlor In a private family;
located in central part of the city; cars pass
door; rent $10 per mo. Address this office.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry, low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
600 BUSINESS cards printed $1; 25 visiting
cards. 21". HILL. 724V4 Market st. ■
BOARDING AND ROOM?
l.".l.". -4 MISSION— Large sunny room; private;
with or without board; bath.
EOS VAN NESS AYE.— furnished EUnny
rooms; good board; terms moderate.'
DELIGHTFUL home for a gentleman Is ob-
tainable In a private family, residing on a
• sunny corner In Western Addition: convenient
to 4 lines of cars. Address J. W., box 427,
Call office.
SUMMER boarding-house- and ranch. ' Sierra
Nevada Mountain*. A. J. ING ALLS, Chi-
cago Park, Nevada County, Cal. • . . '--
LARGE front room, bay-window, for 2, with
or without board. Lark In st.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
LADY having an elegant' home In a very se-
lect neighborhood desires to accommodate a
. few fam lies; superior board: rooms large
and Bunny; references. Address box 530, Ca11.
WANTED— Nice home for 2 little girls; not to
exceed $3 each; midßle-aged widow having
home preferred; please write and state full
particulars. ■ Address box Sol. Call office.
AMERICAN lady living In one of the healthi-
est locations in San Rafael will take chil-
dren of good family to board; best of care
and training. Address W. A. V., box 652,
San Rafael. . '
YOUNG , woman wishes full charge of, Infant;
references. 2805. Sixteenth Ft. ■ »
WANTED— ChiId to board: best of care; terms
reasonable. 1034 McAllister st.
PERSONALS. .
ALASKA w sh to inform Intending Klon- i X
dlkers that we have the largest and . most
complete stock of Arctic fur clothing and na- ,
tive boots, made by the Esquimaux 01 trie
Arctic Circle. STABENS & FRIEDMAN. 207- = I
.259 Pacific st. „
WANTED— Standard make upright piano In I
good condition In exchange for good 5-room l
cottage and lot in Ocean View; rented; in- *
cumbranee $900. . Box 431. Call office. c
WANTED— Lady with at least $200 or $300 to - J
invest In theatrical business and, if suited, , I
matrimony: must be willing to travel. Ad- ■ 3
dress box 529. Call Office.
HAIR which Is oily Is generally healthy: come
■and let me show you how to keep and care
for your hair; hairdresslng only 25c; good
'•witches. $1; finest, best quality, $3 60; extra <
heavy, long, $5; open Sundays » to 13 a. m.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty; private; ', 1
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law, 810 Market, cor Stockton,
CAL. INST.. MsV Geary: tel. Davis 553; hyp- i <
notism taught, $.".; diseases and habits cured.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic prevents the hair fall- -
Ing out. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st. *
DRESSMAKING for ladles and children; also |«
shirt waists: reasonable. 1023 O'Farrell St., '
near Van Ness aye.
PROF. J. GREVEN will Introduce three more .
talent to the public in their own Concert at
Y. M. C. A. Hall, on January 26. ISSS. Mis*
M. De Chent. dramatic soprano; Miss I. '
Brown, mezzo soprano, ana MR. M. AL-
BERT. high lyric tenor.
MISS ANDERSON, graduate. Swedish • nurse;
baths: n»-i«Jine massage: Swedish movement;
ladies, gents. 006 Market, room 25. 2d floor.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In
San Francisco at Eastern prices. ■ WALTER
N. BRUNT. 635 Clay St.. S. F.
BIG outdoor etereoptlcon show every night
cor. Market and Sixth; artistic advertise-
ments in living light; promoters of business.
Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week:
. free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$14— Suit to order: samples: try one. NEU-
HAUS & CO.. tailor*, 115 Kearny st.
GREAT catarrh cure: Wilson's vaporising In-
haler: 3:<;a Ellis; test free; cure $5.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at ■
wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st. 1
BRANCH ofllce of The Call. 167 Ninth St.—
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
SUPERFLUOUS hairs removed by electrolysis
MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush.
SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
I.KMi'S. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses. j
$5 up: dresses made over. 6 Eddy st.. rm. SI.
EDUCATIONAL.
lI BALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branch-
es: electrical, civil & mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, navigation, etc.; 20 teach-
ers day and eve. sessions: catalogue mailed.
AYRES' Business College. 32."> Montgomery St.;
Individual Instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar- 1
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt. : day & eve.;
cst. MM. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
ACCOMPLISHED English woman offers to
teach French and music in exchange for a
home with a family; highest references. 1206
Polk st.
LADY teaches piano, mandolin. 60c an hour;
excellent pianist and accompanist for enter-
tainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia st.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, gram-
mar: day, night; $5 mo. 1504 Market, op. Bth.
GENTLEMEN taught languages evenings by
foreign lady teacher. Box 4t». Call office.
INDIVIDUAL instruction, shorthand and type- ■
writing; terms reasonable. i.'i;..\ Post st.
SAN FRANCISCO nustmai College. 1236 Mar-
ket st. ; 124 positions in '96; 103 In '97.
'■ LUDLUM School of Elocution and Dramatic
Art. 92S Slitter st.
PROF. M. KOLANDER. teacher mandolin,
guitar and banjo. . 935 Market St., off Mason.
FLUTE, mandolin, guitar lessons; club $1 |
monthly. PROF. GASTALDI, 710 Lombard.
VOICE culture, piano Paris graduate: French. 1
Spanish: new classes; $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
Miss GAMBLE'S dancing school; adults' class
Saturdays 8 P. M. 317 Devlsadero st. .
FISK teachers' agencies In 10 cities: teachers
' wanted now. 420 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons; :
1 $3 month. Mary Westhaus. 39 Fifth st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium; while en- '
tranced she vMil reveal every hidden mystery
In life; she will show you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lobt affections; unites the separated, recov-
er* lost, stolen or burled property: locates
treasures, minerals; tells your entire life,
Bast, present and future, while in a perfect
trance. Hours, 10 A. M. to 6 P. M.; perfect
satisfaction guaranteed by mall. Send stamp
for circular with special terms. MRS. DR. F. '
CLARK, rms 25 ft 26. 1206 Market, opp. «th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader, born double veil and second sight:
diagnosis disease, full life reading; la.. 50c:
gents $1; palm. & clairv.; *lt. $150. 126 Turk.
REMOVED— Mme. Lenemar tells fortunes by I
planets: prd'td "74" steamer on island. 234
Sixth, room 6.
MISS MIRANDA, experience mind reader;
■ electric and magnetic treatments. Room SI
1122 Market st.
MME. LE NORMANDE. world-renowned clair-
voyant, card-reader; hours, 10 to 4 evenings.
401 Leavenworth at.
JUST arrived from New York City, medium
nnd card reader: present, past, future. 763
Market St., room 2.
MRS. S. J. Carman of Portland: wonderful
test medium; this week only. 865H Market,
room 10. ...
MME. AMIK. medium, card reader and 'mag- 1
netlc healer: charms. 122 Post St.. room 10. I
MME. ZINELLA, the business medium and
astrologer. Room 12, 109 Grant aye.
MME LINDEN, returned card reader and mag- I
netlst; charms. 126 Fourth, room 23.
MRS. MANDENA. medium and palmist: read- I
Ings 25c this week: satisfaction gar'td. 26 6th. ;
MME. MOREAU. test medium, clairvoyant.
card reader: 250 up. 73 Fourth st., upstairs.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and'
water reader. 921 1 * Mission st.. opp. Mint.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; bualneaa
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. HANSEN. palmist, card-writer; past
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth, room S.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
hand's picture 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MISS MAUD WINTERS, card render- electro-
magnetic treatments. 12*1';. Geary- at., room I. i
MISS E. LOESEL has returned to 121 Mont-
gomery St.. room R. Card reader.
SATISFACTION or no pay. 1204 Mission, above
Eighth, front parlor. Face cream free.
DR. ALICE FAY. 1 medium and genuine mag-
netlc healer. 128 Seventh st.. second floor.
MME. SODAN. Scotch Beeres*. card-reader and
palmist. 619 Eddy. 9 to BP. M. reacer ana
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium-
sittings daily. 123V4 Sixth st.. room 14.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— In her pro-
fetsion; never falls; advice: help." 929 Post.
RAY FAlR— Card reader: magnetic healing a
specialty. 213 Post St.. room i.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 60 'postage
free |
SPIRITUALISM.
TEST meeting, 8 p. m.. I*. 335 McAllister.
R. A. Stltt. Nlta. Mcakln. Hargrave. Hanson.
A. M. FRANCIS, independent slate-writer: de-
. veloping circle Wednesday eve. 118 Halght st.
MME. MAYO 6TEERS.* Oak: Circle* i
,Tuea. 8 P.M.. Thurs. 2 P.M.; 2Sc; readings $1.
MRS. HOSKINS. spiritual medium: circle
Tueg.. 8 p. m., »c: readings, tl. 214 Franklin.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
messages and advice. Sis Stockton st.
ASSESSMENT " NOTICES.
WITTRAM .Propeller Company— Office and
principal place of .business. 327 Market St..
San Francisco, Cal.
Notice la hereby given that at a meeting of
the Board of Directors, held on the 10th day
of December, 1&97. an assessment (No. 3) of
one (1) cent P«r • share was levied upon the
capital stock of the corporation, payable Im-
mediately In United States gold coin to the
secretary at the office of the company at the
above address. ' :
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on- the 20th day of January,
1898, will be delinquent and advertised for sale
at public auction, and unless payment Is made
before will be sold on the 10th day of Febru-
ary, 1898, to pay the delinquent assessment, to-
gether with cost* of advertising and expenses
of sale.' By order of the Board of Directors.
CHARLES A. HUG. Sec.. 227 Market st.
CITY REAL. ESTATE.
STOP PAYING RENT. i
Begin the new year right. ■ ' -
Remember the difference between paying
ent and owning your own home is worthy of
i great struggle. - •
Two cottages of 7 rooms, bath, large pantry, '
ilenty of closet room, sink tiled, fine high
tasement, all floored, brick foundation, cement
ide and garden walks, stylish front, all mod-
rn improvements up to date; must be seen to
>c appreciated; $3000; terms to suit purchaser. 1
Ipply on premises, corner Cortland aye. and
Jisslon st., to J. M. COMERFORD. from 1 to
:30 p. m. ; take Mlsslon-st. cars to Cortland ay. ■
CHOICE business property: northwest corner
Mission and Spear sts.: 45:10x117:6; must be
disposed of. Apply H. SCHWERIN. 646 Clay.
JN Lyon st.. between McAllister and Golden
Gate aye., a new, modern seven roomed cot-
tage, beautifully frescoed, and laundry. :
PLACES for sale, to let and to lease in all
parts of the city and country. GEO. W. H.
PATTERSON & CO.. 1709 Market street.
1. at SALSBURY. builder. EH X st.: low esti-
mates; plans given; dry washers made for
placer mining.
i-RM. cottage and lot. $1500: ] block from Mis-
sion cars; $16 monthly. BABIN, 413 Kearny.
MEDICAL.
A.LL monthly Irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once: safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid; instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home in confinement:
best care and privacy: lor guaranteed relief
consult the doctor before going elsewhere;
regulating pills and capsules. $1. MRS. DR.
WYETH. 918 Post st.. near Lark in.
ALL of I)r Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
abeotate cure for all female diseases; posi- i
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in tim«^t also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 M per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye., S. F. A — Before pur-
chfcf'ing elsewhere, write us.
DR. V. CON DORY. M. D.— Expert physician,
late of Hot Springs, Ark., has opened an of-
fice at 880 Howard st. Syphilis, chronic dis- j
eases of the skin, stricture, gonorrhoea, piles, i
nervous prostration, rheumatism, swollen and
stiff Joints, contracted muscles and all secret
diseases cured by special treatment. No In-
terference with patients' work. Hours, 9 a.
m. to 12 m., 2 to 5 p. m. and 7 to 8 p. m.
A PROCESS that never falls to restore every
case of monthly sickness from whatever
cause in few hours when medicines and others
have Inlleu; no instruments used; many
years' experience; every case guaranteed; ad-
vice free: terms reasonable: first-class pri-
vate home for confinement. MRS. DR.
DALEY. 1126 Market St., over Owl Drugstore.
RE cure, when others fall; no medicine or
instruments: every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter from
what rajif: restore In 1 day; never falls: con-
sultation free; can be sent and used at home.
DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny. Orders by tele.
DR-*AND MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
five., for-nirly EM Eddy st -Snfe. quick cure
for nil f male complaints gua:nnteed; pri-
vate home In confinement; every comfort;
iiift.nts adopted; terms mode-rate: pills $1.
REMOVED— Mrs. Dr. Scott, 410 Geary St., now
1104 Market; female complaints and diseases
if the eye permanently cured or no charge;
treatment by mail: Inclose stamp.
DRS. GOODWIN, diseases of women; ladles;
safe, quick cure guaranteed; any ailment;
maternity home; best care; skill only: low
fees: Dr. Schuck's self-cure, $C. 401 Van Ness. !
PEAT'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
fer.i.'i - tro.l-'es; no danger: safe. «-ur-: J2 5". 1 ;
expr^sr C. O. D. ; don't delay until too lute.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
LADIES — Why suffer? Get released from |
trouble: Irregularities restcred without fall;
low fees: specific female pills, $150. DR.
SMITH. 1508 Market St.; 1 to 4, 7 to 8 p. m.
A l:OON to WITH and mothers— Seguro; prli:«»
$1 60. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 631 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
SURE cure Irregularities or other female dis-
eases. MIS. DR. ITETZ, IM% Fourth st.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. IT.VKK, Hl6 i::.;r.M St.. Alan,..li.
STERILITY cuied by Mrs. Dr. Sattler. gradu-
ate midwife, 1709 Powell St.: t«l. red ttti.
PARIS MATERNITY. 609 Bust St.: confine-
ment at home, 10 days, $20. Tel. Green 581.
HEALTHY child for adopt ; MRS. DR.
FUNKK, 1415 Eighth St.. Alameda.
DRS. KERGAN & KENNEDY cure blood.
>k:n and piixate diseases. S Mason st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. '
ANY person having use for a piano need not '
do without when good Instruments can be ;
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4. $5. id, $7. $-, *;<,
$10; handsome scarf and wood seat s-tool in- 1
eluded ;no charge for cartage. Purcahse your
medium and low price pianos where they can j
be exchanged for a Steinway without sacri- '
flee. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy: prices low- .
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
BEFORE buying a piano it will pay you to j
consult us Why? Because we buy only in
carload lots, pay cash for everything and '
give the purchaser the advantage gained ■
thereby BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 to 40
O'Farrell St.. Curtaz block.
CONOVER, slightly used, J.""
Steinway, slightly used, $273.
Chlckerlng. second hand. $190.
Large stock, lowest prices, rent. Installments.
The F. W. SPENCER CO., 933 Market st.
A v.«ry fine opportunity this morning to se-
cure an elegant upright piano at a great bar-
gain. Investigate to-day. THE J. DEW-
ING CO., second floor. Flood building. Fourth
and Market.
PIANOS at cut prices; improve the opportu-
nity: agency famous Halnes Bros., Bush A
Gerts and Bollerman. WM. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co., 321 Post.
LARGE stock of Steinway. Chickerlnc and
other standard makes of upright pianos from
$12. > to $250 at HEINE & CO.. 136 Ellis, Y. M.
C. A. building; SHAW agent.
KEEFFE'S. 1021 Van Ness aye.. 3 fine up-
rights, little used, sacrificed; Schubert,
Steinway and Decker Bros.
DECKER * SON pianos are always satisfac-
tory. Get low prices from Mauvais Music
Co.. 769 Market st
SOHMER&Co., Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans.
Rriggs and other pianos: see our rent plan:
no Interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post. .
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
Immense reduction for cash or on ■ Install-
ments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market St.
A fine piano sacrificed for cash: see it this
morning, as the first caller will surely take
It. Room 12 Flood building. . - ,
FINE Decker upright : piano sold for storage j
charges. Pacific Storage Co.. 22S Stockton »t. |
ORGAN— Suit small hall or room; $25; worth
$60. Address box 517, Call Office.
SACRIFICED— EIegant upright piano; must
pell. 230 Kearny St.. room 26.
$40 piano: splendid Instrument; great sacri-
fice. 1131% Mission Ft.
BARGAIN— upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
■ McAllister st., near Hlbernla Bank.
HORNUNG'S new style pianos: most perfect,
brilliant, powerful tone. £16 Post it.
KINGSBURY (1R97 model) Is the piano you
want. J. HARRY SCOTT, £26 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. j
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place. [
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. SO O'Farrell st.
" ~ LEGAL NOTICES^
GUARDS for Street Railway Dummies and
Cars— Clerk's Office, Board of Supervisors,
" San Francisco. January 11. 1853.
In compliance with resolution No. 600 (Fourth
Series) of the Board of Supervisors, public no-
tice Is hereby given, and all persons desiring,
are heieby requested to submit to the Board of
Supervisors, on or before FRIDAY FORE-
NOON. January 14, 1898.* at M o'clock, plans
or models of devices as safeguards for street
railway dummies and cars, at which time the
parties submitting plans or models will ' be
heard. The said- safeguards to be so designed
as to prevent any -person from getting under
or being run over by: the wheels of the street
railway dummy and - car while the same is
moving at a speed of not less than eight miles
per hour. The person submitting plans or
models to be received must do so with the dis-
tinct understanding and agreement that, if re-
quired, they will, at their own cost and
charge, construct such safeguard and attach it
to a street railway dummy and car to be des-
ignated by the board on any of the street rail-
way routes, to demonstrate Its practical opera-
tion. • ' .
Upon the approval of any one or more of the
safeguards, the board will hareafter designate
such safeguards that can.be used with safety
to the public, and shall require street railway
companies to affix and place • either of . the
safeguards bo designated and adopted upon the
street railway cars and . dummies operated in
this city and county.
NOTICE— PIans or models must he ■ filed In
this office on or before Friday forenoon, Janu-
ary 14. 189*. at 10 o'clock.
■; JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
CUSTOM House. San Francisco. Jan. 3, 1898—
Notice— Certain goods remaining one year in
bonded warehouse will be sold at public auc-
tion at the United . States appraiser's store
on the 2€th of January, IS9B, at 11 o'clock
a. m. Descriptive catalogues can tv» had at
the custom house on January 20, I*9B, or at
time and place of sale. J. P. JACKSON.
Collector
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
A. BARGAIN is offered in 24 acres in Livermore
valley; all bottom land; 12 acres orchard; 12
grain: windmill, tanks, etc.; house ot a good
rooms, barn. etc. .,
WE are offering 750 acres of choice fruit and
farming land in tracts of 10. 20 and 40 acres
at $15 per acre; only 3 miles from county I
seat of good county. : .H : ~I\
BOODY & SLAVEN. successors to San Fran-
cisco office of Edwin K. Alsip & Co., 29 sec-
ond floor. Mills building.
$1200 r YS a 4-room corner frame house in
Santa Maria, Cal., with 3 connected lots. 75
x 164 feet; flower garden, fruit trees and good
barn: will trade for city lodging-house or
chicken ranch. Inquire R. BENJAMIN, 111
Ellis St., city. ,
FOR SALE— acres unimproved land, Tuo-
lumne County;, wood and water; also 160 acres
unimproved land, Marl posa County; -cheap;
cash: a bargain. Particulars A. BRUHNKE;
1714 Polk st. .
WANTED— A ranch of 50 to 150 acres on a
main road, reasonable distance of town or
steamboat landing. Address Box 495 Call
office.
ANY one wanting a small ranch, for grazing
purposes, or a moderate sized orchard, part-
ly Improved, payable on very easy terms,
apply to room 70S, Claus Spreckels building.
FOR sale Glen Annie ranch, one of the best-
known ranches In Southern California. Ap-
ply J. PERCY LAWTON. Santa Barbara.
BOOK and list of cheap land free. M. M.
GRIFFIN, Cottonwood, Shasta County. Cal.
LITTLE homes close to town; improved; easy
term*; also 4 to 12 acre pieces on 8 and 10
years' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma City:
fvprv Monday «t 632 Market St.. S. F. :
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$15 PER month: modern 5 roomed cottage:
street Improved; total price $1250. HUGH M.
CAMERON. 479 Ninth St.. Oakland.
MODERN residence. 9 rooms, bath, cemented
basement, ' etc. : near Grove st. : lot 50x160;
plumbing nickel' plated: electric wiring;
street work complete: price $3500: terms to
suit. Lake Shore Land Co.. A. H. BREED.
Manager. 1070 Broadway.' Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
HOUSE of 6 rooms, with furniture, lot
25x116; basement 9 feet high; choicest loca-
tion in Alameda: close to R. R. depot. Par-
tlculars WILKE, 7*3 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, sent to any address In the United States
or Canada one year for $1 50. postage fr*«
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
SEE this at once; new 8-room modern house.
3 blocks east of Berryman station, Berkeley;
price $3500, worth $4500: make your own
terms; also have other houses. See owner
and houses. 1427 Spruce St., Berkeley. •-:■■
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In 8. T.. Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal; no ' commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. , ■
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market St.. tet. green 204.
WE loan on real estate at 6 and 6v& per cent :
also second . mortgages; life insurance and
real estate in probate; any sum. Manhattan
Loan Co., r. 10 (ground floor). Mills building.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; no
commission; lowest interest; part payments
received; money quick and confidential. 1170
Market St., room. 68.
GO to a . regular licenced pawnbroker at 1
Fourth st., upstairs; strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1869.
$3 per month interest on each $1000; 55 cents
per mo. on. $100; any amount; on 2d mort-
gage, any security. . Address Cash. Bx 2. Call.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONELLI. 402 Geary st.
ON furniture, pianos: no commission; low
rates: private. SCRIBNER & CO.. 7 City
Hall Square.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. 108 California st. ■; i.r •,-•'•
' $50 to $60,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery.
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gage!*, estates, etc. MURPHY, 62S Mkt. nt.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
rates; no com.; private. 116 McAllister.
$100,000 on life insurance policies; low Interest.
JOS. B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine.
10 SIXTH— Most reliable place to borrow mon-
ey: diamonds and jewelry.
FINANCIAL.
J. BOAS, 330 Montgomery — Loans on life
Insurance policies and buys bank books.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.: lowest
ratf». Mi-A^EE BROS.. 108 Montgomery at.
MARRIAGE LICENSES, ; ~~
Lawrence J. Costa and Carlotta C. Pierano,
30—
Herbert A. Nash and Angel Klotz. 26—23.
Albert W. Downes and Etta L. Meyerderks.
35—27.
Albert L. Martien and Nellie Hackney.s4— 22.
Charles W. Lubllner and Bertha Stern,26— 2l.
Alexander T. Lipman and Elsie Meigft. 25—25.
Hugh J. Lunney and Eva Kohler. 31 — 24.
I ' Charles F. Walker and Sadie Flynn. 27—27.
Otto Rowert and Kmelia Johnson, 32—29.
John T. Roach and Lizzie C. Donnelly, 2B— 23.
Jake Golinsky and Florence Rich, 23 — 22. ■
": ■:- ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
LAW of divorce, mining and probate: con-
scientious, capable attorneys; advice free.
305 Larkin st., opp. City Hall, rooms 91-2.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, S5O Market, cor. Stcktn.
ADVICE free— Private law matter's; moderate
fees. ATTORNEY McCABE. 103 Larkin st.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 917 Market at. •♦- ,
TYPEWRITERS.
REMINGTON No. 8: fine order; $25: sample
sent. SCOTT & BANNAN. 333 Montgomery.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
! mail will not be Inserted. They must be
i handed lin at either of th« publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
i of persons authorised Ito have the same pub-
■ lished.
BORN.
1 MACK— January 7,. 1898,- to the wife of Jacob
Mack of San Francisco, a daughter.
MURPHY— January 9, 1898, to the wife of E.
' J. Murphy, a son.
! REILLY— Sunnyside, January 11, 1898, to the
wife of J. J. Rellly. a son. '
; SCHElN— January 10. 1898, to the wife of
Salo Scheln. a son.
MARRIED.
SHAINWALD— GREGORY— In this city, Janu-
ary 11. IS9S, by the Rev C. A.'Buckbee. Her-
man Rhalnwald and Mathilde M. Gregory.
SPAGNOLI— MARRE— In Jackson, January 6,
IS9S. by the Rev. J. J. Gleason, Sylvester N.
\ Spagnoll and Lena L. Marre. ;
SCHWEICH— SIMON— In Placerville, at the
residence of the bride's parents, January 4.
IS9S, by the Rev. Mr. Simon of Sacramento.
Maurice J. Schwelch of St. Louis, Mo., and
Adel" Simon of Placerville, Cal. .
WAITER-WOODWARD— In San Bernardino.
I January 2. IS9S. by the Rev. F. V. Fisher,
; Herbert J. Waite and Carrie E. Woodward.
: LANGFORD— In San , Bernardino,
January 6. IS9B, by the Rev. R. B. Taylor,
Isaac N. Worley and, Mary A. Langford. ■ .
WE HOUGHTON— In San Luis Obispo,
January 5, IS9B, .by the Rev. J. C. Eastman,
Joseph S. Wear and Mamie Houghton.
YON HEIMBACH— In San Jose. Jan-
uary 3. lS9S,.by Dr. Wakefleld, George Arthur
yon Helmbach and Ida J. Ebsen. ■
__ __ DIED. ~~
' AUSTIN— In Martinez, January 10, 1898, Mercy
Austin, wife of A. E. Austin, and mother of
Frank L. and Wilmarth Austin. Mrs. L. C.
Wittenmyer and Mrs. Nellie F. Smith, a na-
tive of New Hampshire, aged 78 years.
• Friends are respectfully Invited .■ to at-
tend the funeral this (Wednesday) afternoon
•at Martinez. p ...
BEHRMANN— this . city, ' January 9. 1898,
Ludwlg O. J. Behrmann, beloved brother of
Mrs. F. Dahmke. a native of Scharenbeck.
Germany, aged 45 years 9 months and 24
days. Member of Eucalyptus Lodge No. 243,
F. and A. M.. Hay wards, and Germania
Lodge No. 116. I. O. O. F. !
(C?"Frl«nds and' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets.
Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co..
1209 Mission street, near Eighth. Interment
: Masonic Cemetery. - .
BURKETT— In the City and County ; Hospital.
! January 10, 1898. Elmer Burkett, a native of
' Indiana, aged 2S years.
BROOKES— In this city, January 11. 1898. Ju-
lia Belden. w e of the late Samuel M.
Brookes (artist),, a native of Hadley, Mass.,
aged 73 years. . ; * i
COLE— In Pleasantori, Cal.,- January 10. 1898.
Sophia R.. beloved wife of the late Captain
George M. Cole, and mother of Clare M. and
Charles M. Cole. Mrs. Frank Dalton and
C. J. Russell of Santa Maria. Cal.. a native
of Vermont, aged 79 years 7 months and 18
days. (San Luis Oblspo papers please copy.)
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
- this day (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the
chapel at Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. -.
DUFFY— In this city. January 10. IS9S. Mrs.
Mary Duffy (nee Brown), dearly beloved
daughter of Margaret and the late John
Brown, and beloved sister of Joseph, James
and William Brown and Mrs. Peter Han-
ratty, a native of San Francisco, aged 24
years 11 months and S days.
CTRemainß at McAvoy & Gallagher's un-
dertaking parlors', 20 Fifth street.
DORGAN— In ' this city. January 11. IS9B,
Dorgan, a native of Ireland, aged 6S years.
FARRELL— In this city. January 10. 1593.
Bridget, dearely beloved wife of Thomas Far-
rell. and mother of - James J.. Patrick H.
and Annie L. Farrell and Mrs. William F.
Brophy, a native of Queens County, Ireland,
aged 58 years. (New. York and Illinois pa-
pers please copy.)
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite! to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at S:3O o'clock, lrom her late
residence. 2012 Point Lobos avenue, near
Ninth, thence to Star of the Sea Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
GATELY— In Mount St. Joseph's Orphan Asy-
lum, Januaty I<>, 1898, Mary, beloved daugh-
ter of the late Bernard and Catherine Gately,
a native of County Roscommon, Ireland.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
. (Wednesday), nt 9 o'clock, from Mount St.
Joseph's Orphan Asylum, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
GODKIN— In this city. January 10. ISOB, Wil-
liam 11., dearly beloved husband of Nellie
Godkln, father of Clarence Godkln, beloved
son of the late Thomas and M. B. Godkln,
and beloved brother of Mamie. Lottie. Addle
and the late Nellie C and Thomas E. God-
kin, a native of San Francisco, aged 2S years
3 months and 23 days.
IT^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock,- from his late resi-
dence. 1126 Kearny street, thence to St.
Francis Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary cemetery-
GUNN— In the City and County Hosp'tal. Jantl-
ary 11, 189"?, Margaret Gunn, a native of Ire-
land, aged 75 years. '
lIECHT— In this city. January 10. 1898, Abra-
ham E.. beloved husband of Amelia K.
Heoht and father of Edith. Joel X.. Ellas M.
and Adelheld Hecht. a native of Germany,
ajred 59 years 7 months and 17 days.
E?"Friend« are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at
. 9:43 o'clock, from his late residence, north-
west corner of Van Ness avenue and Post
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by special train from Third and Townsend
streets at 11 o'clock.
FIRST HEBREW BKNEWI.EXT SOCIETY.—
The officers and members are respectfully
requested to attend the funeral of our late
member. A. E. Hecht. this day (Wednesday).
at 9:45 o'clock, from his late residence, corner
Van Ness avenue and Post street.
S. ZEKIND. Secretary.-
HOWLETT— Alameda. January 11. 1898, An-
nie E.. beloved wife of ■ the - late Charles
Howlett. and mother of J. »*. and Frank
Hewlett. Mrs. R. H. Balrd and Mrs. A. H.
Kelton. a native of London. England, aged
57 years 6 months and 29 days.
* tTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 1 o'clock, at her late residence. 171S
St. Charles street, Alameda. Interment pri-
vate. Mountain View Cemetery.
KANE— In this city. January 10, 1838, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of ' Mary A. Kane,
father of Josephine H. Kane and Mrs. R.
Barreto. and brother of John Kane, a na-
tive of Londonderry, Ireland, aged 51 years.
ICTFriendo and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, | from the late
residence, 729 Filbert street, by carriages.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, San Ma-
' too County.
KOSBERG— In this city. January 11. IS9R,
Hilda, beloved daughter of Frank and Helena
Kosberg, and sister of Oscar Kosberg, a na-
tive of Sweden, aged 13 years and 6 months.
LLOYD— In Oakland,* January 9. IS9B, at 1409
Franklin street. Isabella Jane, beloved wife
of Alfred Lloyd, mother of Edgar R., George
A.. Emma D.. Ella M. and Thomas Lloyd
and Mrs. T. A. Sehluester, sister-in-law of
Mrs. A. M. Thomas, and aunt of Emma
Jourdain and Edgar Durnan, a native of
Racine, Wis., aged 4S years 3 months and 16
days.
(TTFriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, -at the
Market-street Congregational Church, corner
Market and Eighteenth streets. Interment
private. < Mountain - View Cemetery, Oakland.
MeCONVILLE— In this city, January 11. IS9B.
Catherine, dearly beloved wife of the late
Patrick McConvllle, mother of John. David
and Henry McConvllle. and beloved sister
of John O'Brien, Mrs. John. Green. Mrs. An-
drew Glover. Mrs. Thomas Clyma and the
late Ellen Doyle, a native of Ireland, aged
60 years 8 months and 6 days.
[ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
January 14, from her late residence. 506 Shot-
well street, thence to St. Charles Borromeo
Church, Eighteenth and Shotwell streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. .' ; '-.
MIATT— In this city, January 11, 18SR Miss
Mary Isabella. belo-»<l sister of Fred F.
Mlatt. a native of England, aged 75 years
and 20 days.
MALONEY— In this city, January 11, IS9S,
Margaret, widow of the late Michael J.
Maloney. mother of William, Joseph. John
H. and* Geoi ge Maloney. and sister of Cath-
erine Phelan. a native of County Limerick,
Ireland. ,
E7Friends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the under-
taking parlors of McGinn Bros.; 31 Eddy
street. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MARTIN— -At her residence. 1070 Sixteenth
street, Oakland, .January 10. 1898. after a
short illness, Miss Maria T. Martin, sister of
* the late Mrs. Jane H. Flint, and niece of the
late John Archibald. ' •
(C?" Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 2 o'clock, at her late residence, 1070
Sixteenth street. Oakland. Interment pri-
vate. Please omit flowers. .
NICHOLS— In this city. January 9, 1898,
Charles F. Nichols, a native of New Jersey,-
aged 56 years 4 months and 16 days. • .
Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of Mr. and Mrs. James G. Dyer, 822
Dolores street, near Twenty-second. . Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery,
PETXERSKN— this city. January 9. IS9B.
Mary Pedersen, a native of Sweden, aged
57 years. •
(CfFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ROSENBLOOM— In this city. January 11. IS9S.
Joseph, beloved son .of Ralph and Sarah
Rose.nbloom, aged 6 years 4 months and 12
days. "•"*''•*'':■ •'■
REED— In this city, January 11. IS9B, at 11:80
p. m., Elizabeth A., beloved wife of the lata
Edward F. Reed.
RICHARDS— In this city. January 11. ISSS,
Anita Alice, bellved daughter of D. and
Nellie Richards, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years 3 months and 28 days. •. -V •
[rJTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this .lav
(Wednesday). a'< 4 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her par-nts 106 William street.
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
STOKES— In the City, and County Hospital.
January 11, 1808. Henry Stokes, a native of
England, aged 44 years. .
SWARTHOUT— In this city. January 11, 189 S.
Robert P.. beloved son of William N. and
Edith Swarthout. a native; of Wyoming
County.. New Yark, aged 3 years 2 months
and 9 days.
) TILLY—I n this cltv. January 11. IR9B. Thomas
Tully, a native of Ireland, aged 66 years. •
(C>'Frieml* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the fi^j-yl
parlors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy stie>.c.
Interment Golden Gate Cemetery.
VANDENBURGH— In Oakland. January 11,
IS9B, Charlotte M.. wife of F. L. Vanden-
. burgh, {Kid mother of Beatrice Vandenburgh,
a native of New York, aged 4." years. . .
IE?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
WEIDENREICH— In this city, January 11. 1898,
Josephine AVeidenrelch, ; beloved mother ■ of
Mrs. M. Mayer. Mrs. I. Lacher and M. Wel-
denroich of New York, a native of Germany,
aged 80 years and 11 days. , - • ■ "". -•"
E7"Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
' tend the funeral . to-morrow (Thursday), at
10 o'clock, from her late residence, 1226 Eddy
street. ' Interment Home of Peace Cemetery.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, • 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALMERS I
20 WITH ST., Opp. Lincoln School. I
■ Telephone. South 80. ' I
h. b. m avoy. Manager. |
ffIcAVOY & CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS, I
1235 Market St., between Bth and »th. ■
Telephone. South 247. - -■■ ' |
Estab. 1858. Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCHRAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
1 22,24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE. :.
Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for the usa
of our patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulance
1314
WAYMIRE
BOWS TO
THE BOARD
Writes of "Pernicious
Activity" and Gal
lery Plays.
The Election of Director
Holden's Successor Is
Again Postponed.
It Goes Over Until March Next
on the Motion of Arthur
Rodgers.
AN EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Suggestion That a Dairy School Be
Added to the College of
Agriculture. ■
There were two sessions of the Board
of Resents of the State University yes
terday and Judge Waymire attended
both. A communication from the
Judge -was read at the afternoon
session. It was in response to a let
ter addressed to him by the secretary
of the board. At the regular meet-
Ing of the repents in December, Gov
ernor Budd called attention to the pro
longed absence of Regent Waymire and
announced that under the rules he
would declare the place vacant and ap
point a man who would attend to the
official duties of the position If Way
mire failed to explain his absence in a
satisfactory manner. The secretary was
therefore directed to notify Judge Way
mire of the Governor's intention. Re
sponding to the secretary's communi
cation the regent wrote that he had
lived In California twenty-eight years
and served the public without com
pensation for twenty years of that pe
riod. He/mentioned two terms of ser
vice in the State Legislature and indi
cated that his chief reason for accept
ing legislative burdens was to place
himself in a position where he could
serve the university to advantage. In
conclusion he wrote:
Knowing that the university was in the
hands of capable officers and committees
and that my b< rvtces were not needed
at every metinp. I took the liberty of
omitting attendance at some of the
meeting:?. I l.et, r to assure the board that
I meant no discourtesy and have lost no
part of my interest in the university. On
the contrary, I hope to be of material
service to it in the"' future. Activity in
such a good cause is commendable." but
there is such a thing :is "pernicious ac
tivity"—"playing to the galleries." That
I leave to others.
Excuses were made at the meeting
for several absent regents. John E.
Budd sent a letter setting forth that
professional engagements required his
presence elsewhere. It was said by
Regent Hallidie that Albert Miller was
in bed threatened with pneumonia. It
was said that Judge Wallace was sick
in bed. Regent Reinstein, who had
been excused on account of professional
business, looked in at the session.
The board met at 11 a. m. and when
the members and spectators began to
take some little interest in the proceed
ings Mr. Hallidie deemed it prudent to
gro into executive session and the press
reporters were thereupon excluded. The
matter discussed ir. secret related to uni
versity loans. There was an outside
Impression that the regents had found
the printing- establishment at Berkeley
a more expensive concern than they
fancied It would be.
The afternoon session was in no se>ns^
exciting or exhilarating. On motion of
Regent Rodg^rs the regular meeting
day In March next was appointed as
the time for electing a director of Lick
Observatory to succeed Professor Hol
den.
Recent Phelps wanted the election
appointed for an earlier date, but the
Rodgers motion prevailed.
Judge Slack gave a brief history of
the purchase of eighty acres of land
adjoining the Lick Observatory reser
vation by Professor Holden. The pur
chase was made at a time when the un
iversity did not have $350 to spare,
hence Mr. Hold^n bought the property
on his own account, trusting tha.t the
university would take It off his hands
at the same figure— s3so. It was agreed
that the land was needed to square
up a corner of the tract, and the mat
ter of purchase was referred to a com
mittee.
Regent Denlcke moved that $10,000
be . appropriated from the next budget
to establish and maintain a dairy de
partment in connection with the Col
lege of Agriculture. He remarked that
the value of the dairy output of Cali
fornia for the year 1896 was $13,000,
000. Figures for 1897 were not availa
ble, but the regent was confident that
the value of the output was largely in
excess of that of the previous year.
The topic was discussed for some lit
tle time and then the whole subject
matter was referred to a committee
consisting of Regents Chase, Denicke,
Marye. Mrs. Hearst and the president
of the university.
Lieutenant S. A. Colman, U. S. A.,
military instructor at the university,
was authorized to organize and drill
a bucket brigade. The danger of fire
in South Hall was mentioned.
Regents attending yesterday were*
Phelps, presiding; Waymire. Slack.
Black, Chase, Kellogg, Mrs. Hearst.
Houghton, H.illtdle, Denicke. Tollman!
Marye, Reinstein, Foote and Rod
gers.
Next Saturday there will be a meet
ing of regents to discuss the present
standing and the prospects of the
university.
BURGLARS FOND OF LIGHT.
Thieves Entered the Residerjce of
J. Perrington While the pan)ily
Was at Church.
Burglar? broke into the residence of
J. Perrington, 466 Frederick street, on
Sunday evening while the family was
at church, and ransacked the house.
They gained entrance through the
front door by means of skeleton keys.
They succeeded in getting a way with a
suit of clothing, $25 in cash and a quan
tity of jewelry. They left the house the
way they entered it and left no trace
that would lead to their identity. They
lighted nearly every gas jet in the
house, and when the family returned
they found their residence in a blaze of
light.
Ta Cure a Cold In One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Qulnlns Tablets. All
drug-grlste refund the money If It falls to cure.
%c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
KUHLMAN
GOT HIS
QUIETUS
Desired Letter Against
Hirschfelder Never
Came.
Charge of Unprofessional
Conduct Not Sus
tained.
But Happersberger's Report
Scorched the Cooper Col
lege Man.
VOTES FLOORED ACCUSER.
Many Feel That Injustice, Compara
tively Speaking, Was Done
to D'Evelyn.
Dr. Joseph O. Hirschfelder Is still a
member in good standing of the Coun
ty Medical Society, and Dr. Charles
THE FAIR SEX BANISHED FROM THE COSMOS CLUB.
O. Kuhlman's guns have been spiked
to a finish. Dr. Fred D'Kvelyn must
gnash his teeth in outer darkness and
bewail his fate alone.
Oxytuberculin triumphs — there can
be no do-übt of that. Everything was
decided at the monthly meeting: of the
County Medical Society last evening.
A fight was expected over the report
of the committee on ethics, and conse
quently the hall was crowded, about a
hundred physicians beingpresent. many
of them being graduates of Cooper
Medical College.
Two reports were brought in; a ma
jority report signed by Chairman
Thorn and Drs. Davis. Sherman and
Taylor, and a minority report signed
by Dr. Happerpbcrgfr. Both were read
by Chairman Thorn.
The majority report recited In legal
phrase that Dr. Kuhlman had preferred i
, charges of unprofessional conduct \
I against Hirschfelder on the grounds '
that he had had circulars published !
i telling of his oxytubereulin treatment
fur consumption and had gone to the
newspapers, thus violating article 3.
section 1 rf the American Medical
i Code; that both the accuser and the .
; man charged by him were reputable i
, physicians; that the fact that Dr. j
! Hirschfelder had done these things was
much to be deplored, but that the '
; blame lay mostly with the dally press
i for bringing so much pressure to bear
! in securing information on these sub
j jects. After mature consideration, the
report read, the charges did not have
evidence enough to sustain them.
Dr. Happersberger in the minority
report not only believed Hirschfelder
guilty of unprofessional conduct, hut
thought the fact especially deplorable
on account <>f the accused man's stand
ing in the medical world.
Kuhlman at once made a vigorous
' effort to argue the case, but was ruled
out of order. Th<>n he wanted to have
a secret ballot, but failed also in that.
j Then he wanted the minority report
i voted on first. He was told that tho
| only parliamentary method in such a
| case would be to move that the minor
ity report be substituted for the ma
] jority report in priority of considera-
I tion.
"Then I do that," he shouted, jump- ;
ing to his feet. Evidently he meant
this peculiar sentence as a motion, but i
there was no second and the majority
report was adopted by a large ma
jority.
"Now, then," yelled Kuhlman. as !
soon as the result was manifest, "1 i
move that Dr. D'Evelyn be reinstated j
into good standing in this society. It
is an utterly unfair proceeding to make
bird of one and fish of the other."
By this time there was a gentle mur
mur of enjoyment in the air and all
present with the solitary exception of |
Dr. Kuhlman wore broad smiles on I
their countenances. The motion had
no second, and died a speedy death.
There are a good many who do not
believe that justice has been done
comparatively speaking. These medi
cos protest that everything has to go !
Cooper Collegeward la the society, and !
they don't lik.' it a little bit.
But, anyway. Dr. Buckley is still left
to fight Hirschfelder outside the fold
of the society, with the City and Coun
ty Hospital inmates as defenders to the
death.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 12, 1898.
LIKE THE
PERI AT
THE GATE
Ladies Ask in Vain to
Be Let in the Cos
mos Club.
Crusty Old Bachelors Who
Ruthlessly Say "Nay,
Nay."
Stand Ready to Worship a
Warrior Bold Who Won't
Be Adored.
%
TALE OF BLIGHTED LOVE.
Hop© That the Members Will Ca
pitulate in the Near
Future.
They do say that !t is all on account
of a tale of blighted affection, but nev
ertheless the fact remains that the Cos
mos Club won't raise its latch strings
and let the ladies in.
And it is not because they have not
asked, nay, begged, implored, that they
be accorded the same privileges as their
fathers, husbands, brothers and other
girls' brothers. They and a goodly por
tion of their fathers, etc., etc., etc.,
have, figuratively speaking, of course,
gone down on their knees to the pow
ers that be, but in vain. Several crus
ty old bachelors are determined to keep
them out, and unless startling changes
in the management of the club come
about, out forever they shall be.
All the latest and most approved
fashions of melting the male resolution
have been tried, and, alas! frnind hope
lessly wanting. Tears were of no avail.
Facts, undeniable facts, backed . by
choicest rhetoric and soundest argu
ment, were brushed aside, and in face
of a forbidding lack of fippreclation for
the better half of humanity, melted
like a snow bank exposed to the burn
ing rays of the midday sun.
Even the law of precedent availed
nothing. The courtesy of the swell Bo
hemian Club dinners, all the more de
lightful because of the presence of the
ladies, tales of suppers at the Univer
sity Club, all duly labeled as Ex
hibit A. B, etc., was submitted in de
fense, but all sternly and decidedly ob
jected to. The strangest part of the
strange refusal to admit ladies within
the sacred precincts of the conserva
tive Coamoa <Mub is that the majority
of the club members are army and
navy men. All ladies stand ever ready
to w<rrship warriors bold, and the ado
ration in 9!> cases out of 100 is always
returned and more than appreciated.
Then the Cosmos Club has unusual
facilities for the entertainment of la
dies. Th<^re are side doors innumera
ble. There is an entrance right under
the main staircase and another that
opens into Octavia street. These en
trances lead direct to the private din
ing hall, and if the ladies are bound
over t.> use them the sterner sex Is
restricted to the main entrance. No
man who fears to meet a lady needs
to. Further, the halls are full of
nooks that will assist the bashful club
members to hide until the rustle of
silken skirts is lost to keenest ears;
and then there is the garret, large,
commodious and capable of acccommo
dating any number of them. It is
said that in the question of lady ad
mittance the dub is most unevenly
divided. Fair woman has many
stanch adherents, who stand ready to
battle for her, and an unusually large
majority who are opposed to her. with
in the portals of the club. No definite
reason is advanced for this violent op
position save an oft-repeated and gruff
"We don't want woman in this club."
Ramor has it that a warrior bold,
with a magnificent war record—Lieu
tenant Runcie — is one of the most vio
lent oppoaers, and the same reliable
source of information goes on to state
that a sad, sad past, in which a tale of
blighted love figures conspicuously. Is
the main cause of the decided opposi
tion.
However be that as It may, the ladles
can't get in— Just at present. They
hope, however, to gain their point, and
in the meantime are going to play for
the return of "ladies' luncheon day"—
annual affair— lik« in the good old days
whpn J. M. Cunningham and Colin M
Hoyd had the management of the club
in their capable hands.
Arrested for Grand Larceny.
Thomas Moran was arrested early yes
terday morning by Sergeant Martin on
a warrant issued September SO. charg
ing him with grand larceny. Joseph O
House fis the complaining witness? and
he claims that he went Into Billy Ab
bott ii n saloo1 \. an £. engaged In a crooked
dice game, at which he lost $17. Realiz
ing that he was being cheated, he quit
the game and started home, when Moran.
v^nu ?'n S em , pl v?, yed ln Abbott's dance
•s}}• « .°i^' ed hlm and held him up for
$100. all the money he had. Moran has
been out of the city since the robbery
and was caught as soon as he returned
Stop that cough with Low's Horehound
Cough Syrup; price 10c. 417 Sansome at. •
KING OF
COINERS IN
THE TANKS
The Celebrated Race
track Bunko Man
Under Arrest.
Captured Last Evening by
Detectives Dillon and
Crockett.
A Full Set of Tools Found in His
Room on Golden Gate Ave
nue and Larkin Street.
EVIDENCE IS CONCLUSIVE.
It Is Said That the Prisoner Was Mak
ing Desperate Efforts to Reach
the Klondike.
The celebrated race track counter
feiter was captured by Dillon and
Crockett, assisted by Wren and Dlnan,
last evening.
For days past the police department
was aware that a man was in the city
who answered the description of a per
son long wanted. In consequence, Dil
lon and Crockett were detailed on the
case, and last evening Gilbert Kindall,
who resides on Golden Gate avenue,
near Larkin street, was imprisoned in
the tanks.
In Chief Lees' office it was learned
that the counterfeiter had a complete
outfit in his possession. Acids, molds,
presses and metals were found in quan
tities in two valises in the room. Nine
$10 pieces, all ready for market, and
the same number of unfinished coins,
as well as a number of $5 coins were
found in the room in the lodging-house
on Golden Gate avenue, near Larkin
street.
A year ago it is supposed the same
man passed counterfeit coins in pool
boxes on the local race courses, but
no trace of him was discovered, al
though it was reported to the contrary.
The coins were a good imitation of the
government output and the arrest is
necessarily an important one.
Many letters were found in the room,
but the addresses and names were both
destroyed. On- .signed E. L. S. and an
other mentioning the name of E. L.
Taylor frequently referred to the Klon
dike, and it is thought the victim had
taken desperate chances to get to the
Alaska gold fields.
The arrested man endeavored to pass
a spurious coin in the Thalia a few
rights ago, but the trick was discuv
f-red, and the criminal fled.
Tn the room whpre he resided it was
told that he had often stayed up during
the night, and that strange filing noises
were often heard. It is possibly through
the*landlady's efforts that the man was
captured, but the .-. Idress is kept se
cret by the police authorities.
The room, when searched, looked like
a I'nited States Mint. Coin, dies, acids
and metals wore strewn about, and the
evidence against the culprit is piled
feet high.
He states that he has been in the city
but three weeks, and the statement is
partially believed, as it is known that
he ha? Imposed upon the racing circuit
during the past year or so.
The captun- is thought to be especial
ly clever.
TIREY L. FORD
TO LEAD THEM
Annual Meeting and Election
of the Union League
Club.
Reports Show That the Organization
Has Enjoyed « Year of
Prosperity.
The regular meeting and annual elec
tion of the Union League Club was
held in its rooms at the Palace Hotel
last evening
Reports were read from the various
officers showing the club to be in an
even better condition than it was gen
erally supposed to be. which, by the
way. Is saying a great deal. The treas
urer's report in particular showed a
gain of thousands of dollars over last
year.
By far th<> most interesting part of
the session was the election of officers
for the ensuing year, for while tbe old
officers have faithfully attended to
their duties, they considered it but
just to step out and make room for
others, and on the other hand there is
so much good material in the club
that it was found somewhat difficult to
make a ■elecUOß.
When the votes were counted and the
announcement made that the Hon.
Tirey L. Ford had captured the office
of president it was hailed with general
satisfaction, and Mr. Ford, who is con
sidered one of the brightest mining
lawyers in the State, has the honor of
being the youngest man who ever
graced the presidents' chair in the
club. He responded gracefully to the
calls for a speech and at its conclu
sion was applauded again and again.
At the close of the meeting speeches
were made hy all the retiring officers
as well as the newly elected ones — the
old ones recounting what had been
done in the past, and the new outlin
ing plans which prophesy a most bril
liant future for the club.
The complete list of officers elected is
as follows: Hon. Tirey 1... Ford, pres
ident; General N. P. Chipman, first
vice-president; T. J. Parsons, second
vice-president; S. J. Hendy. secretary;
I. W. Hellman Jr.. treasurer; Revenue
Collector John Lynch. J. P. Le Count.
A. G. Booth. T. K. Stateler, George C.
Clark and Arthur W. Spear, directors.
Returned to Sacran>ento.
Harold Pllklngton, who was arrested
In a clever manner Sunday morning by
Detective Tom Gibson, was taken to Sac
ramento last evening by Sheriff J. Fer
ris. He had been charged with felony
embezzlement, and as there is a strong
case against him it Is thought San
Quentln will be his goal.
Way Be Insane.
John Allman, convicted of larceny, was
sent to the Receiving Hospital yesterday
afternoon, to be taken before the Insan
ity Commissioners, as he has been acting
In a peculiar manner during the paat Xew
days.
HURLED
WATER AND
EPITHETS
Judge Daingerfield's
Court a Lively
Scene.
Lawyers Quarrel and
One Is Sprinkled and
Called a Liar.
Attorneys Terry and Raymond
Forget the Amenities
of the Bar.
"A DIRTY, LYING DOG."
Retort Courteous Which Followed
a Speech Before a
Jury.
"You are a lying, dirty dog:." Thes*
words from the lips of Attorney Reel B.
Terry, his face crimsoned and frame
trembling with anger, followed an in
stant later by a dash of water from a
handy glass which found repose on the
face of Albert Raymond, upset the calm
dignity of Judge Daingerfield's depart
ment of the Superior Court yesterday
afternoon, and all but turned it into
a field of warring lawyers, bailiffs and
spectators. The voice of the court above
the din, however, the quick action of
a Deputy Sheriff and the serenity with
which Mr. Raymond accepted the ap
pellation, and the water, averted blood
shed, and the jury, with a sigh as one
man, calmed itself for a renewal of
proceedings.
It was during the trial of the action
of Mrs. Eva Martin for damages
against Walter Morosco, proprietor of
Morosco's Opera-house, for injur
ies received by the running away
of one of the defendant's horses
about two years ago, when the court
proceedings were so suddenly and vio
lently discontinued by the wrath of
Reel B. Terry. Early in the afternoon
a cloud of trouble began to show itself
on the legal horizon and shortly after
wnrd the Goddess of Peace on startled
wings abandoned the court room to the
lawyers and to Ate. Argument com
menced and the unfriendly spirit exist
ing began to become more strained.
Finally Porter Ashe, of counsel for "Mrs.
Martin and associated with Terry, in
terrupted Attorney Raymond when he
referred to the pleadings in the case,
and the interrupted man grasped a
copy of the complaint and in an angry
mood hurled it at Ashe. Ashe ducked
as though a flatiron were coming his
direction, and then with a smile on his
face made a jesting remark. Raymond,
thoroughly angry, turned again to the
jury and continued, in his argument.
After explaining the merits of his side
of the case and tossing a few parting
shots at the opposing counsel he took
his seat.
Terry then rose to address the jury.
After recognizing the court and the
twelve men in the box, he survoy. <i
his opponent for a minute and began
to speak. He explained the injuries
sustained by his client and the law of
negligence bearing: on the case at bar,
and then turned his attention to a per
sonal summing up of the witnesses in
the case, as to their interest in the ac
tion at issue and their reputation for
veracity. One witness, Duncan Forbes,
a hack driver, who had testified when
his deposition was taken that he had
seen the defendant's horse mad with
fright plunging along th<» street, turn
onto the sidewalk and hurl the plain
tiff to the ground, unconscious, occu
pied considerable of Mr. Terry's time.
During the course of the trial Attor
ney Raymond had taken the stand,
and testified that the hack driver had
informed him that had Mrs. Martin
made an effort she could have escaped
injury.
Terry compared these two state
ments, and said that he would believe
the original story of the driver, in
which event he must disbelieve that of
the attorney. "This man. my oppo
nent." said Terry, "has seen fit to take
the stand and tell the story he had
fixed up for the exculpation of this man
Iforoaco. I have seen the day when
lawyers guarded their reputations as a
father the purity of his daughter."
Raymond bounded to his feet at this,
and asked the court to request Terry
to discontinue such a course, and to ex
plain to the Jury that his action in go
ing on the stand was not unprofession
al. The court remained silent, as he
saw no cause to interfere with the line
of Terry's argument, and Terry con
tinued to speak. Again he referred to
the action of Raymond in going on the
stand, and Raymond again interrupted.
Then Terry's anger was at fever heat,
and in a voice that rang out into the
corridors of the hall he accused Ray
mond of going on the stand and trying
to swear his case through.
"I would believe the driver before op
posing counsel under oath," he said,
and before he could continue Ray
mond retorted, "And I would not be
lieve you at all." Terry was inside the
rail within two feet of Raymond and
when he heard the retort he leaned
over and shouted, ■'You are a dirty,
lying dog:" Before him ou a table
lay a glass containing a small quan
tity of water. He grasped this and
leaning over the rail tossed the con
tents Into Raymond's face.
Raymond was nonplussed for the
time, but the shout of the Judge, "Mr.
Terry, you are in contempt of this
court. This will never do! This will
never do!" brought him back to a real
ization of his position. When Terry ad
dressed the opposing counsel in a mega
phone voice a Deputy Sheriff bounded
across the courtroom to stop the trou
ble, but the words of the court were
sufficient. When Terry heard the
words adjudging him guilty of con
tempt he said, "Very well, your Hon
or," and turning on his heel began to
address the jury again, with surpris
ing calmness. After grilling Morosco
and his counsel for a time Terry left
his case In the hands of the jury and
walked outside the rail. The jury was
instructed by the court, and when it
had retired to deliberate on a verdict
Judge Daingerfleld left the bench. He
told Terry that in event he came into
NEW TO-DAY. -_._-_._.__
. >
JANUARYSALES !
i ■
Special Values
This Week!
65 pieces FANCY CHEVIOT SUITINGS, In checks, stripes
and plaids, 48, 50 and 52 inches In width,
35c Yard.
The former price of these goods was 75c, 85c and $1 yard.
75 pairs WHITE BLANKETS, size 72x80 Inches, weight SIX
and a half pounds,
Price, $4.00 Pair.
These blankets are slightly imperfect. Regular price was
$6 50 pair.
600 pieces BEST QUALITY FLANNELETTE, in stripes, plaids
and small checks, medium, dark and light colorings,
Price, *3ic Yard.
Regular value 1 0c yard.
10 dozen LADIES' SILK SKIRTS, in a good variety of fancy
colorings; also a large assortment of LADIES' BLACK
TAFFETA SILK SKlRTS— extra quality.
Price, $5.00 Each.
The regular price of these skirts was $7 50 and $8 50.
EXTRA SPECIAL !
3000 REMNANTS FINE EMBROIDERIES In Swiss,
Nainsook and Cambric, lengths ranging from 2
yards to 4* yards each. All at exceedingly low
prices.
TELEPHONE CHE^AJSTT 184.
111, 113. 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
court again with the Intention of let
ting his temper Ret the better of him he
had best bring a sack of gold with
him, as he would need It to regain his
liberty. This ended the contempt pro
ceedings and Terry will escape pun
ishment unless his opponent presses
the matter beyond the endurance of
the court.
An hour later the jury returned and
handed in a verdict of $1000 foe Mrs.
Martin. Friends and enemies thin left
the court together.
BRANDED AS
IN COLLUSION
Harbor Commissioners Com
plained Against by Samuel
C. Irving.
He Has Brought Suit to Enjoin Them
From Committing Further
Indiscretions.
The difficulty over the preparation of
the piles for Green street wharf to pro
tect them from the hungry teredoes
has been transferred to the courts,
and in an action filed yesterday by
Samuol C. Irving the Harbor Commis
sioners have practically been charged
with collusion. Samuel C. Irving in
his action asks that the Harbor Com
missioners, E. L. Colnon, F. S. Chad
burne and P. J. Harvey, be enjoined
from committing certain acts the
plaintiff alleges are contrary to law,
right and justice.
It is alleged by the plaintiff upon in
formation and belief that the Harbor
Commissioners are in collusion with
the San Francisco Timber Preserving
Company and are unlawfully award
ing that corporation contracts. The
Green street wharf contract and all
other contracts where piles are to be
used for a year to come have been
awarded the San Francisco Preserving
Company, it is alleged. During the
past year contracts aggregating $50,
000 have been awarded the lucky com
pany, and it is charged in the com
plaint that the prices paid it were
greatly in excess of the bids of the
Parafflne Paint Company.
It is charged that such action on the
part of the Harbor Commission is in
violation of law and is collusion. The
complaint goes on to state that the
commission, by clever evasion of the
law, has been enabled to carry out its
plan and the alleged plan is explained.
In order to evade the law the con
tracts were awarded in small parcels
of $3000 or less, it is stated. In this way
the law requiring advertisements for
bids and open competition was not
transgressed, and entire contracts for
heavy work eventually fell into the
hands of the San Francisco Timber
Preserving Company.
Another alleged plan to evade com
petition was to insert in the published
applications for bids directing that
certain patented machinery for the
preserving of timber must be used,
and it is intimated that in consequence
no company but the San Francisco
could compete, as that corporation
owned the machinery required to be
used by the commission. The clause
in the advertisements requiring the use
of the certain machinery, the plaintiff
alleges, was inserted at the request of
the San Francisco Company, which
goes to show that collusion exists, and
the court is asked to demand a dis
continuance of such practice.
At the special request of the litigants
Presiding Judge Belcher will hear the
case when it comes to trial. Interest
ing developments are expected, but in
the meantime the teredoes will eat and
be merry.
In the Divorce Courts.
Sadie Budd was granted a divorce from
her husband, JLeander Budd, by Judge
Bahrs yesterday on the ground of failure
to provide. Edith May Coflley was al
towed her application for a divorce from
William C. Coffey. The decree was grant
ed on the ground of cruelty. Louise de
Vecchio was granted a divorce from
Stephen Vecchio by Judge Hebbard on
the ground of willful neglect.
NEW TO-DAY.
The only genuine Kunyadi Water.
HunyadiJanos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER
:-i — FOR
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lancet.
"Speedy, sure, gentle." JiritishilediccUJournaS
CAUTION: See that the label
bears the signature of the firm
Andreas Saxlehner.
§ visit DR. JORDAN'S o»*t
£& Museum of Anatomy
I Plh§\ 1051 MASSZT St. tot 6th & 7th, 3. 7. C*L
■ I^B The Largest of Its kind In the World.
\si&\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Ikllll Ml Consultation free.. Write for Hook
v\ I Philosophy of Marriage.
™ ■» UtllEO FREE.
Coke! Coke! Coke!
p. a. McDonald
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Wholesale dealer and shipper of the best
brands of
FOUNDRY AND FURNACE COKE.
I have on hand a large quantity of San
Francisco Coke, superior to anthracite for
furnace or cannel for grate use. This coke is
made from the . best Wallsend coal, and can
recommend it to consumers as an Al article.
Will Deliver Any Amount From t Sack to & Shipload.
. CARLOAD ORDERS 'SOLICITED.
I PERFECTION.:. PREVAILS!
CUISINE? SERVICE !
* —IN THE— *
LADIES' GRILL*
! ?»eFA LACE. t
* Direct Entrance from Market Street S
♦*#**#*********#**********■♦♦
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. ; HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
£• OQ ■ MARKET ST.. ' OPP T p ALArP
OOCS Hotel. Telephone 670 Bpsldenc^ 90^
Valencia street. Telephone. "Church" li
Weak Men and Women
OHOULDfSE DAMIANA *- BITTERS. THE
great Mexican n Remedy; gives ' health 23
■trengtb to the sexual organ* f , •"^