VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO 83.
REPUBLICAN HOSTS NOW
GATHERING FOR THE FRAY
Gage and Pardee Open
Their Headquarters In
the Capital City.
BOTH MEN HAVE A STRONG
•FOLLOWING.
Neither of the Candidates for the Guberna
■?<■'. torial Chair Can Claim the
C,y', Lead.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Aug. 21.— 1t is not t»o much
•to say that there were several dplega
: tlons -which left San Francisco with an
jaea that they would carry all things
before them, and it naturally follows
that some people are to be disappointed.
There was Gage, for instance. Mr.
. Cage has a large following. He is a
man, who has the advantage of a pleas
ihg, presence. He is still young, but
,' he has the gray hairs which bespeak
• wisdom. That Gage enter? the Sght
• -.with a full knowledge of what awaits
/him is evident. He doe? not think that
. : the : *yay is clear. He realizes that there
..are- other aspirants, and that some of
•them: have a reasonable chance. While
'.Gage comes into the conflict reasonably
. confident he knows there are others.
Mr. Pardee came to Sacramento on
an .earlier train. There were th<>se who
call-ed it a special train, but no matter.
If Pardee can afford a special train, he
has ' a. right to it. Certainly the matter
Is o*ie between himself and the rall
• roaci and whether or not he pays the
bill is a subject of no possible interest
• here. Of course there were on each
•train no end of aspirants for nffloe.
S< :-rie of these had been heard of be
. -fore,- or some will never be heard of
again, and yet •• is interesting to watch
their courses.
. There was, for instance, Willis G.
fitter who arrived in Sacramento to
. night &*bd save out the declaration
that he wanted to be Attorney-General.
Witter was onoe Assistant United
States District Attorney. He has been
practicing law in San Francisco for ten
rs and he is out to pluck the plum
from Ford and Guy who seem to be his
most formidable opponents. Of course
th.-r-e is no telling yet what might hap-
pen.
The streets of Sacramento are
thronged to-night. During the Demo- I
•cratic convention there was nothing j
like it. lam unable to say what the ■
.result may be, but surely the Demo- j
crats who were here last week never |
had such hope as inspires the candi- |
dates now in evidence. At least the
present aspirants hope that they will
•be elected if nominated, while those
here last week had nothing to hope for
beyond the doubtful glory of a nomi
nation. _ , . _ __
Sunday was observed in San Fran
cisco. About the quarters of Gage and
Pardee there was an air of quiet which |
indicated a regard for churchly tradi- j
tinris. " On the way to Sacramento, !
however, things were somewhat dif
ferent," but of course this is a subject
•iiot: to be mentioned here lest some
question arise as to the standing of the
principals, a delicate matter not to I
HE WANTS TO BE THE CHAIRMAN.
FRANZ H. SHORT of Fresno, a Candidate for
the Place of Presiding Officer.
The San Francisco Call.
handle now. Pardee may be very
pious and Gage particular as to the
carrying on of the campaign, but as
the thing Is started they cannot help
themselves.
Charles L. Patton was aboard the
Gage train. Patton is a candidate for
Governor, although he has not said
much about it, and possibly might fall
into the place of Lieutenant Governor.
Of course there was much political gos
sip throughout the train which brought
the chief aspirants to the capital, but
of course it had no particular value and
is not worth recording. Another day
and the story may be known.
HENRY JAMES.
READY FOR THE
BIG CONVENTION
Delegates Assembling and Candidates
for the Party's Recognition Lining
Up Their Forces.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. Sacra
mento, Aug. 21. — All is in readiness for
the big Republican convention, whl-.h
Is to convene here on Tuesday next.
Secretaries Hlpgins and Steppacher of
the State Central Committee and a
corps of assistants labored hard yes
terday changing the appearance of Ag
ricultural Hall, in which the Democrats
held forth last week.
High above the platform from which
the eloquence of scores of speakers has
been heard, and in position of promi
nence, the features of President Wil
liam McKinley gaze down on the tiers
of seats which will be occupied by
scores of delegates of every portion of
the State. Beneath the splendid like
ness the prophetic words "Advance
agent of prosperity" have been placed
as a reminder of what the administra
tion has accomplished.
The pictures of Governor Budd, Sena
tor Stephen M. White and Judere Ma
guire, the stalwarts of the Democratic
party, will give way to such beloved
standard bearers as Lincoln, Grant,
Blame and Sherman. About the con
vention hall. Old Glory will be seen in
greater profusion than at the preceding
gathering. The festoons that beauti
fied the hall will remain, but further
charm will be added by numerous
plants gathered about the structure.
The pictures of modern heroes — Schley,
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, AUGUST 22, 1898.
Miles. Dewey and of the illustrious
Farragut — which occupy prominent po
sitions on the canvas walls of the meet
ingplaee will be entwined in wreaths of
evergreen and about the fountain
in the center of the hall larfe
paintings of the Maine. Olympia
and Oregon will be placed. The
seating arrangement will be . en
tirely different from that of the preced
Ing convention. Secretary Hlggins has
so arranged it that the smaller coun
ties will be closer to the speakers' stand
than at the Democratic convention,
where the large counties were given the
preference. To the left of the delegates
chairs have been placed for the speci
ally Invited members of the fair sex,
and close to the platform a band will.
: discourse patriotic melodies. A quar
j tet has also been engaged to sing th*
j national air. and it is expected that the
i delegates will join in swelling the an
j them.
Candidates and delegates are begin
j nig to arrive. The evening trains
brought an influx of both, and immedi
| ately the Golden Eagle Hotel became a
j scene of activity. The strength and
I desirability of those in the race were
i discussed, and over the refreshment
'■ counter of that famous hostelry prom
ises of support were freely exchanged.
I That there will be livelier times
I durii.g the next * few days tha"
were seen during the Democratic
State Convention is already ap
parent. The Los Angeles delegation
has engaged a half dozen rooms at the
Golden Eagle as headquarters. The
rooms will be used in making Henry
T. Gage's fight for the Republican
nomination for Governor. Near by Dr.
Pardee of Oakland has established
headquarters, as has Thomas H. Flint
Jr. John P. Jackson, Collector of the
Port, has engaged rooms at the same
hotel. He will set forth the fitness of
his son Charles for Attorney-General.
Colonel D. M. Burns has established
headquarters at the Golden Eagle. R.
J. Waters, who is a candidate for the
Congressional nomination from the
Sixth District, has also a suite of rooms
there. John C. Lynch. Collector of In
ternal Revenue, is quartered at the <
same hotel. Three other headquarters ;
have been established by friends of |
"dark horses," who are likely to be
come known to-morrow. i
C. W. Childs of San Jose is quartered
at the ' State House, where he will make ,
his fight for the nomination for Super- ,
lntendent of Public Instruction.
At the Capitol Hotel, immediately op
posite the Golden Eagle, Secretary of
State Lou Brown, has headquarters.
The room is profusely decorated in the
national colors. and pictures of
leaders of the Republican party are
displayed.
Other candidates who have taken
rooms at the Capitol Hotel are W. R.
Guy for Attorney-General, J. M. Wal
ling of Nevada for Associate Justice,
T. J. Kirk of Fresno for Superintend
ent of Public Instruction, E. B. Edston
for Railroad Commissioner, John F.
Ellison for Associate Justice and Alex
Brown for member of Board of Equali
zation. Grove L. Johnson who is a
member of the Sacramento delegation,
declares himself unalterably opposed to
the candidacy of Tlrey L. Ford for At
torney-General. He says Mr. Ford is
a nice gentleman, but he wants a law
yer for Attorney-General. The Sacra
mento delegation, he says, will caucus
at Metropolitan Hall on Tuesday morn
ing at 11:30 o'clock. According to the
ex-Congreesman, the delegation is fav
orable to Judge W. C. Van Fleet, Judge
T. B. McFarland and Judge A. J. Buck
les for the office of Supreme Justice.
No opposition haa as yet been de
veloped a gainst the names of M. J.
Wright for Purveyor General or E. P.
f'olgan for Controller. Robert Nixon
of Treka and Samuel Donati of San
Luis Obispo are prominently men
tioned for the nomination for State
Treasurer.
The 8 o'clocok train brought a great
many candidates and their assistants.
Delegates Paid Respects to Ga&e and Pardee, Then Hurried to the Sacramento Train.
! Immediately upon their arrival they
i went to their hotels, where they regis
i tered. They then spread themselves
among the delegates and began secur
ing the promises of support of men who
are early on the ground. T. H. Ward,
incumbent of the office of Supreme
Court rlerk, who is desirous of being
again placed in nomination, is on the
field of action. George Hoot and his
chief Sid, Charles Johnson, are work
ing for the same end, as is also Louis
H. Jacobs, I. E. Sheehan and W. P.
Reynolds, all of San Francisco. The
fight for the nomination of Supreme
Court Clerk will be a warm one, judg
ing by the number of candidates in the
field.
Dr. Pardee's forces are already here,
arriving on the same train which
brought Guy Searl, Jim Oliver, Miles
Doody, Cal Ewing and others, all wear
ing a large white badge on which was
printed "Our choice for Governor,
George C. Pardee."
T. H. Selvage of Eurega and Frank
McGowan of San Francisco are work
ing hard for the nomination of Lieu
tenant Governor. The former has had
printed a card, on which Is his photo
graph and place of residence. Mc-
Gowan and his friends are quietly
button-holing delegates and looking
wise.
Charles F. Curry, County Clerk of
San Francisco, and Paul Austin of San
Jose, are looking for the nomination of
Secretary of State, and in their effort
to land the nomination are doing a
great deal of lobbying.
William Beckman and George H.
Clark of Sacramento and E*'B. Edson
of Siskiyou are in the field, making a
fight for the nomination for Railroad
Commissioner of the First District.
PARDEE IS HOPEFUL.
Expects the I^epublicao Party
Will See Justice io Alameda
County's Request.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 21.— There is not much to be said
about the situation. As is usual just before the meeting of the con
vention matters are in confusion. Alameda County hopes that
the Republican party will see the justice of her request, and that
it will concede to her what she has justly earned "by her magni
ficent services to the party.
So far the contest has been a friendly one between all the
candidates. There has been no unpleasantness developed, and no
doubt there will be none. GEORGE C. PARDEK
George Arnold of Los Angeles reached
the capital city early this morning and
is quietly working to succeed himself
on the State Board of t Equalization.
His opponent is Frank' Mattison of
Santa Cruz. The struggle for the office
of Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion is keen. Thomas J. Kirk of Fresno
is in the fight and hopes to get the
plum. S. T. Black, the incumbent, and
C. W. Childs are also in the race. Mr.
Childs arrived early this morning and
is hard at work.
COMMEND WHITE'S STAND.
Delegates to the Republican Conven
tion Praise His Defense of
Henry T. Gage.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS,- SACRA
MENTO, Aug. 21.— One, of the principal
topics of discussion among the delegates
to-night is the manly letter -of United
States- Senator .Stephen M. /White, pub
lished in to-day's Call, wherein he vindi
cates the honor and good name of Henry
T Osier o "
The letter of Senator | White not only
serves as an answer to an ill-founded ru
mor but sustains its author In the high*
esteem in which he has always been held*
by the people of California, irrespective of
political differences. . The fact that f Sen
ator; White is a personal and political
friend of James G. Maguire and also that
he seconded. the nomination of Judge Ma
irulre for Governor adds additional weight
to his unequivocal testimony.
Result of Nevada Primaries.
RENO, Aug. 21.— The Silver party pri
maries.of Washoe County resulted in the
election of three delegates for and ten
against the Sadler-Bergsteln faction. The
election provided a hot contest and a
close vote.
Candidates for Party Fa
vors Are Rounding Up
Their Supporters.
MANY DARK HORSES IN THE
BACKGROUND.
M. M. Estee and George A. Knight May
Come to the Front After the First
Ballot.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Aug. 21.— The signs clearly
proclaim to-night that this Republican
State convention. In point of attend
ance, animation and expression of pa-
trlotlsm, will equal If not surpass any
meeting of Republican leaders ever as
sembled in California. The forces are
gathering on the field to-night, and al
ready more interest is manifested in the
work outlined than was displayed in all
the proceedings of the late Democratic
gathering. The electric lights were on
in Dr. Pardee's headquarters in the
Golden Eagle shortly after the arrival
of the delegate-laden train.
Fred Campbell and Samuel K. Thorn
ton, who are old-timers, alert observers
and adroit campaigners, were on hand
to greet the delegates from the inter
ior. Dr. Fardee arrived on the train
due here at 9:45 o'clock. Henry T.
Gage, the favored son of the sunny
south, came on the same train with
Pardee. Phil Crimmlns likewise came.
Martin Kelly also came. Colonel Dan
Burns arrived earlier in the day. In
the list of notables arriving this even
ing were Judge A. J. Buckles of So
lano County, post commander o-f the
Grand Army of the Republic. Judge
Edward Sweeney of Shasta reinforced
the throng. These two Judges are can
didates for the office of Associate Jus
tice of the Supreme Court. Charles L.
Patton of San Francisco is here.
Events may take such a turn that
Mr. Patton will be placed on the ticket
as the nominee of the convention for
Lieutenant Governor, although he has
been prominently mentioned for the
higher office of chief executive. Par
dee and Gage were not the only leaders
of men who came to the front to
night. Among others were E. F. Pres
ton of San Mateo, John Fravis of Ama
dor and E. O. Hale of Santa Clara, all
of whom are at home at convention
speaking.
On the way here from San Francisco
many incoming delegates had the
pleasure of meeting and exchanging
a few words with Mr. Gage. The can
didate from Los Angeles was assured
that the Solano County delegation was
unpledged and free to cast its strength
for the best man in the list of nomi
nees. Word comes that the Santa
Clara delegation is ready to fall in line
under the standard of Henry T. Gage.
Judge Slack. M. M. Estee and Joseph
C Campbell, who were at the Palace
court early in the afternoon, did not
board the 'train. Mr. Estee said that
he would not attend the convention.
Judge Slack did not contemplate visit
ing Sacramento during the convention,
but it can be said on the "highest au
thority" that one of the Campbells is
coming. The expected Campbell is
Joseph C, who was the Phoenix Club's
candidate for Governor. Mr. Campbell
hails from the Forty-first Assembly
District. The delegation numbers
twelve and will caucus to-morrow
morning to organize. No one can tell at
present exactly how the delegation will
vote. Mr. Campbell himself is solid for
General John H. Dickinson. In the
district from which Campbell halls
dwells Colonel William Cluff. who was
formerly in politics and also on the
staff of General Dickinson before the
war. The friendship, cordial and sin
cere, which bound Dickinson and Cluff,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
has been handed over to Campbell to b«
treasured and kept pure and fresh.
.Thus it is programmed that Campbell,
who so aptly presided over the Republi
can State convention that nominated H.
H. Markham for Governor, is coming
here with a programme.
The indications to-night point to a
large vote from San Francisco for
Gage, but there is no claim of a solid
delegation. It is figured by an old
timer, who is not in sympathy with the
aspirations of either Pardee or Gage
that the delegation of 156 will scatter
In many directions. Colonel Burns, ac
cording to the figures of. the old-time
guesser, can handle thirty votes which
will be cast for — the Colonel has not
named the man. Martin Kelly, by
reason' of some pull gained when the
county committee was enlarged, can
rally twelve or fourteen delegates, who
are now slated for Attorney General
Fitzgerald. Phil Crimmins has a fol
lowing and an estimate that it num
bers as high as eighty votes is made.
The claim is made^to-night by the
Gage boomers that the Crimmins fol
lowing w'ii rally to the support of the
Los Angeles candidate. It is known
that at least nineteen of, the San
Francisco delegation hay
determine 1 to resist all trading propo
sitions and to vote on the merits of the
candidates.
The friends of Gage estimate that
they can bring* 281 votes to their can
didate on the first ballot. The num
ber necessary for a choice is 391. Of the
280 delegates. 170 come from the region
south of Tehachapi. It iB obvious to
the ordinary observer that Gage is
gaining in strength. Influences may be
exerted that may bring about his nom
ination on the first ballot, although
Secretary of State Brown and Thomas
Flint Jr., are positive that they can
hold their own delegates so well in
Ik c that no one can be nominated be
fore seven or eight ballots are taken.
Many people say: "Keep your eye on
George A. Knight."
In the country and among the younff
men of California especially. Knight is
immensely >pular, but he has no as
piration for gubernatorial honors.
George -"-earns to go to the United
States Senate. Mr. Knight told the
Humboldt delegation that he was not
a candidate for Governor. If Knight's
name should get before the convention,
nothing could restrain Humboldt
County from casting its votes and in
fluence in his favor.
At midnight Dr. Pardee opened a bar
rel—a barrel at claret punch— to in
spire his workers and refresh the call
ing delegates. Fred Campbell, sta
tioned at the elevator entrance on the
main floor of the hotel, indicated the
chart by which the delegates could
steer for the port and find the claret of
Alameda's enterprising son.
Joseph Spear, Surveyor of the Port
of Sa"h Francisco, is a delegate to the
convention. He surveyed the field of
politics to-night. At midnight Lou
Brown. Secretary of State, expressed
confidence in the firmness of the dele
gates on his list of followers. He said
they could not be stampeded by a boom
for Gage or Pardee. At the midnight
hour Thomas Flint Jr. was serene and
confident of his ahility to hold his own
against the wiles and stratagem of the
Los Angeles and Alameda raiders.
The fifteen delegates of the Solano
delegation, Ray B"enjamin. chairman,
will caucus to-morrow to determine
what can be done to promote the nom
ination of Judge Buckles for the Su
preme bench. At the caucus the dele
gation will make a strong effort to
gation will make a strong effort to
agree on some candidate for Governor,
so that the entire block will go to one
man. The Twenty-eighth District del
egates of San Francisco have agreed on
Jacob Levy Jr. for chairman. The
Thirty-seventh District delegates. San
Francisco, the delegation to which Ly
man Mowry belongs, will caucus to
morrow and elect a chairman.
MAKES A QUIET CAMPAIGN.
Quakerlike Canvass of M. J. Wright,
Incumbent and Candidate for
Surveyor General's Office.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Aug. 21.— During the cana\aas
four 1 years ago an unassuming, unpreten
tious and silent individual passed over th«
State as quietly as a Quaker parson would
move among the members of his flock.
Without the slightest warning he would
suddenly appear in a city or town, and in
many instances it would be a day or two
before the object of his visit would be
known.
He appeared to be no more anxious to
leave than he was noisy in coming. He
moved around leisurely and had a pecul
iar habit of gently holding on to your
hand after he had been presented in an
introduction. About the fourth day of his
visit he would prepare to take his depart
ure, and just at the time the train or stage
was about to pull out he would incident
ally drop the information that he was a
candidate for Surveyor General on the
State ticket and would appreciate It very
much if his newly formed acquaintances
would keep it in mind. Some pitied the
old fellow, as they were pleased to call
him: others laughed and a few suspected
that there must be something wrong with
a man who would take such a course In
the pursuit of an office. When the voting
day came the vote for the silent man was
up" in the figures which call for an election
certificate and for four years past M. J.
Wright of Tulare has been holding the of
fice of Surveyor General. He seems to be
fallowing the same course again in the
matter of securing the nomination for a
second term, and as there is no one
against him he will be given anocher op
portunity of traveling through the State
again in search of votes after the fashion
of a Quaker parson mingling with hit
flock.2
THE GLAD HAND EXTENDED TO ALL
READY FOR THE
RECEPTION OF
THE DELEGATES
Assembling Hosts Enthusiastic and
Ready to Support the Chosen
Candidates.
A Party United by the Success of the
National Administration With Many
Candidates to Choose From.
r.w.L, HEADQUARTERS, Sacra- I
nHMito, Aug. 21. — This is the time when !
the song of the candidate is heard in
the land. On the theory that the early !
bird catches the worm, many of the j
vote chasers are already on the ground,
and are prepared to give the glad hand
to all comers.
Among the few who are sizing up the
Bituation is Arthur L. Levinsky of
Stockton, who has entered the race for
permanent chairman of the conven
tion. "Before I entered upon an active
canvass for the place," said the Stock
ton lawyer to night, "I had a consul- •.
tation with Frank Short of Fresno and I
Jacob Neff of Placer, and each of those j
gentlemen assured me of his hearty :
support. I now understand that Short
has again announced himself as a can
didate, and I am told that Neff is not j
averse to accepting it. However, I in
tend to go right along and put up the :
best fight I can. My people from
Stockton will arrive to-morrow, and
will go to work in my behalf. If I win j
the fight, it will be done without en- :
tering into any combination or trade. I
I do not thrnk that « candidate for
chairman should resort to such tactics, ;
as he should in no manner be bound j
when it comes to the selection of his i
committees."
P. A. Buell of Stockton is also on the
ground, but declared that his presenc?
here is significant of nothing as he has
no fight to make on any one man or
any one proposition.
"All our people want in San Joaquin."
said he, "is a man to beat Ma-mire,
and from what I hear there is by no
means a lack of material."
John C. Lynch, ex-Congressman
James McLachlan, John C. Wray,
James Clark, John W. Wood. J. H.
Taggart and George W. Holbrook were
among the first to arrive from the
south, and appear in the lobby of the
Golden Eagle.
Charles J. Jackson, candidate for the
position of Attorney-General on the
Republican ticket, is moving quietly
among the delegates, and declares that
his aspirations will be realized some
where along on the first ballot.
Amon- the first to arrive at the
Golden Eagle to-night were Colonel
D. M. Burns and daughter, who were
immediately joined as they entered the
lobby by Mr. and Mrs. Paris Kilburn.
Charlie F. Curry, Frank W. Leavitt,
who is a candidate for the State Sen '<
ate from Alameda County, and Frank
Marston were the next to elbow their
way through the crowd of Saeramen- \
tans who stood waiting for the arrival
of the new comers.
The Alameda delegation no sooner ar- I
rived than they commenced an active
canvass of those who will have a voice
in the convention. Indeed they did not
confine their missionary work to thi
delegates alone, but circulated among
the crowd promiscuously and pinned a
Pardee badge upon the lapel of every
coat-owner 'vho was willing to carry i«..
R. X. Risdo/i was particularly active in
this sort of work, while Sam A. Thorn
ton looked on approvingly.
Colonel Dan M. Burns will open head
quarters to-morrow at the Golden Eagle
Hotel. He says that he is here to as
sist in nominating a ticket that will
bring out the full Republican vote of
the State. He also says that he has no
candidate to send to the front, but
there is a lurking suspicion among
many of the delegates that if the op
portunity is afforded he will endeavor
to secure the gubernatorial plum for
M. M. Estee. The admirers of Estee
say that he is not in the fight, but when
asked If their favorite would decline
the nomination if it fell in his political
bark yard they look wise and say noth
ing.
Estee is not a candidate in the sense
that he is making an open fight, but
there is no doubt that should the politi
cal thunderbolt strike him he will re
ceive the blow with bared head and a
pleasant smile. There are not a few
of the delegates who look upon Estee
as a dangerous dark horse. If at any
time in the strategic play Colonel Burns
finds that there is a chance of turning
the tide in the direction of Estee lie
will not lose the oportunity. There are,
however, other forces more potent than
that supposed to be wielded by Burns,
and it is not generally anticipated that
if he is favorable to Estee the final re
sult will be materially affected.
County Clerk Curry of San Francisco
la accompanied by quite a number of
his deputies. Curry is of the opinion
that he can break through the lines and
carry off the nomination for Secretary
of State despite the fact that Jim R?a
and the majority o* the Santa Clara
f]» -legation are out in force for Paul P.
Austin.
Rea is willing to trade to secure the
PROSPECTS FOR A SUCCESSFUL CAMPAIGN.
The Best Men of the Party Will Be in Attendance,
and the Enthusiasm Has Never Been
Equaled. *
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 21.— The prospects for success In the coming cam
paign were never better or brighter. One of the best indications is the in
tense interest taken in the convention by the members of the party. The
enthusiasm displayed by the delegates has not been equaled in years. The
most flattering reports are brought to us from every county. The person
nel of the convention augurs well for success. The best men in the party
are In attendance. This is attributable to the fair primaries and caucuses
held throughout the State; the open fight for Governor and other high
places on the ticket; the absence of "programme"; the importance of the
issues before the people, and the magnificent success of the McKinley ad
ministration together with the unparalleled victories on land and sea of
our boys in blue, in which California's sons have borne sb conspicuous a
part. California will remain in the vanguard of Republican States,
where she was so firmly placed by the victory of 1896.
FRANK MCLAUGHLIN, Chairman
M. R. HIGGINS, Secretary.
nomination for Austin, but Curry says
that he is not afraid of any combina
tion that may be made. He is of the
opinion that with the support he vnl
receive from San Francisco he can off
set the Santa Clara delegation and
make an even fight in the country.
RAILROAD OFFICIALS
ON DELEGATES' TRAIN
Many of the Old-Time "Push"
Thought the Company Was
Again Doing Politics.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Aug. 21.— The friends of all the
I Republican aspirants for the Governor
i ship who happened to be aboard the cen
! tral overland train bound from San Fran
; Cisco to this city last night, were aston
j lshed to Bee the palatial private car
! "Francisco," belonging to the officers of
: the Southern Pacific, attached to the
'■ train. The political strikers fancied for a
time that the pood old days were to come
again— that the railroad was to go into
politics once more and make life worth
living.
Inquiry was instituted to ascertain the
meaning of the attachment, and the fact
was brought to light that W. G. Curtis,
engineer of maintenance and way, was
the only high-grade occupant, of the pal
ace on 'wheels, and that he had no sack
nor programme aboard. The old forms
of the corporation it «-ems .still survive.
Mr. Curtis is en route to Ogden to meet
and greet the newly appointed United
Stages Commissioner of Railways, the il
lustrious General Longstreet. By some
process of official dispensation the honors
and responsibilities of United States
Commissioners are bestowed on celebrat
ed generals who served in the Confeder
ate army.
These gallant old soldiers are affable
and confiding. General Longstreet's -pre
decessor in the office of the commission
was that illustrious South Carolinan Gen
eral Wade Hampton. His trips to Cali
fornia were delightful excursions, ami he
must recollect with delight the many
happy hours he passed in the private pal
ace cars of the Southern Pacific, with Mr.
Curtis as the host. The monotony of con
tinental travel was relieved by fishing ex,
cursions among mountain streams.
At San Francisco entertainments were
provided. -ac beautiful red room of the
Bohemian Club was decorated to the owl' 3
taste. Whenever Curtis gave a banquet
to General Hampton the rarest of wines,
the choicest of blossoms and the sweetest
of music made the feast enchanting. The
hard work. too. of preparing the official
report of the United States Commissioner
was performed fn urtis' office by the
obliging attaches of the corporation, so
that the representative of the Federal
Government had notning to do but sign
the report.
The same old style of doing things is to
be put up for General Longstreet's enter
tainment. The fishing in the mountain
streams is still good, the dinners of the
Bohemian Club have not deteriorated, and
Curtis' abilities as host have not been
dulled by service of the corporation. The
excursion of Mr. Curtis has no political
significance in a California campaign. To
General Longstreet of Georgia 't may con
vey a lesson.
PARDEE MEN SEEK
TO START A STAMPEDE
Circulate the Beport that Gage's
Strength in the South Is Fast
Slipping Away From Him.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Aug. 21.— At midnight to-night
Dr. Pardee started his runners out to cir
culate the alleged information that the
solid south has been broken, and that
Henry T. Gage's strength was fast slip
ping away.
It was asserted that San Diego and Or
ange counfcs had deserted the banner of
their favorite son, and that other counties
would follow. An investigation proves
that the report was manufactxired out of
whole cloth, and was being circulated for
the purpose of creating the impression
that Pardee had gained a foothold in the
south, an impression that Dr. Pardee
hoped would induce some of the northern
counties to come into his camp.
CONTESTS AMONG DELEGATES.
Th© Committee on Credentials Will
Have Many Disputes to Adjust
Before tlie Convention.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Aug. 21.— When the committee
on credentials meets there will be a hotly
contested fight for the seat as delegate
at large from Nevada County. Nat P.
Brown, eaitor of the Nevada Transcript,
and J. Kidder, Debris Commissioner, will
be the contestants. Brown was elected
by the County Central Committee, and
Kidder was elected at a primary.
Kidder now contends that under the
call of the State Central Committee he is
entitled to the seat, and If his fight prove?
successful there will be trouble as to the
seating of the other delegates who re
ceived their certificates from the County
Central Committee. The credentials com
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 22, 1898.
THE CALL'S REPORT
OF THE CONVENTIONS
The Republicans of California will convene at Sacramento to-morrow for the purpose
of nominating the men who will be elected to fill the various State offices next fall. Last week
the Democrats met to ratify the action of the Populists at an earlier convention. Recogniz
ing the fact that the people of the State are deeply interested ii the political conditions of the
day, The Call spared no effort to place before its readers the me st complete, record of the
Democratic meeting obtainable. With a staff of writers, artists and newsgatherers superior
to that of any other newspaper in the West, The Call has on all occasions shown itself to be
the leading journal of the coast, and in pursuance of its usual policy of giving all the news
all the time, it presented not only an unequaled synopsis of the proceedings but also gave
the first verbatim report of a political convention that has ever been published in Califor
nia. With a network of telephone and telegraph wires leading directly from the conven
tion hall in Sacramento to The Call office in San Francisco, the news was gathered, while
with special fast trains the papers carrying this news were laid down on the breakfast tables
of those who had made history for their party during the previous day.
Having no axes to grind, no ambition to serve, no injuries to avenge. The Call
was the only paper that gave a complete and unbiased account of the Democratic Conven
tion. Having no candidates except those of the Republican party, no desire except the
success of that party and no political interests to serve but those of its party, The Call
will this week in its report of the convention surpass that of last week, having strength
ened its service in all points and being better prepared for the task it has set for itself and
from which all other papers shrink.
The Call promises to its readers this week the most complete story of a convention
ever presented by any newspaper on the Pacific Coast, giving not only a stenographic re
port of every word uttered in the proceedings, but also such concise and graphic resumes
as will place the whole to the mind as a picture before the eye. The best artists in the
West will depict the scenes, trained writers will tell the story, unexcelled wire service will
carry the report to San Francisco and matchless trains will speed forth in the early morn
ing hours taking to the people such a compendium of news as is only possible in a news
paper that has the facilities possessed by The Call.
THE NORTH SHOULD HAVE AN OFFICE
T. H, Selvage Believes the Voters About Siskiyou
Should Have Representation.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 21.— r or the last eight years there has been no
candidate from Northern California on the Republican ticket. The people
of the north think at this time they should have representation upon the
ticket. The northern counties will unite in their support of my candidacy
for the office of Lieutenant Governor.
The probabilities are that nearly all of the nominees will come from the
middle and southern portion of the State. This we gladly accord them,
but we think we should have some little representation from the north,
especially as Humboldt County at the last election turned out 650 ma
jority for McKlnley, when the State was very much in need of Republi
can votes. It may be that the convention will not see fit to grant* us our
wish, and, if It fall to do so, wo will make no complaint. We will simply
acquiesce in the action of the convention, but there Is one right we will
not surrender, and that is the right to turn out a first-class Republican
majority to the ticket which is nominated by the middle and southern
portion of the State. T. H. SELVAGE.
mittee will also be called upon to settle
the fight in Santa Clara County. The
good government people will oppose the
seating of the Jim Rea delegation, and
will urge that they should not be recog
nized, as the primary was carried by re
peating and ballot box stuffing.
IN THE FIGHT FOR
ASSOCIATE JUSTICE
Edward Sweeney of Shasta County
Believes Northern Califor
nia Should Receive
Recognition.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 21.— 1 am in the
fight for Associate Justice and think that
Northern California should receive some
recognition. I cannot give an estimate of
my strength, but I know that some north
ern counties are in favor of my candidacy.
EDWARD SWEENEY,
Shasta County.
War Veterans Elect Delegates.
Harrison Camp, Army and Navy Vet
erans of the Civil War, held a meeting
on Saturday evening at 405 Montgomery
street, to elect delegates to the encamp
laden With Summer Clothes and Pjrotechnical Speeches.
ment of the Army and Navy Republican
League on the 27th Inat Martin Murray,
the comander of the camp, presided. The
following were elected to represent the
camp: Martin Murray, W. F. Howe,
Major R. E. Whitefield, E. Hazel, Adolph
THINKS HE WOULD BE A STRONG CANDIDATE.
Charles L. Patton Hopes to Be Nominated for 6o\=
ernor Should There Be a Split in
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 21. — A good many of the Republicans In and out of
the convention think I would he a strong candidate before the people. I
have consented to come before the convention, not with the idea of op
posing any of the candidates who have been longer In the field than I
have, but as a probable candidate in case there shall be a failure to
choose a nominee on the first few ballots. CHARLES L. PATTON.
Schander. T. F. Smith, William E. Ber
tholf. August Mueller, J. R. Ramsey,
Michael Tenihan, William J. Catterson.
and General W.»H. Pratt.
Resolutions were adopted requesting'
President McKinley to repeal the civil
service law. It was determined to affiliate
with the Anti-Civil Service State League.
Socialists Nominate a Ticket.
SAN JOSE. Aup. 21.— The Socialist La
bor party of this section met in convention
to-day and nominated the following tick
et: Congressman, Fifth District. E. T.
King-sley; Senator, Thirteenth District, E.
B. Mercadier; Assemblyman, Fifty-fourth
district, H. Daniels; Assemblyman, Fifty
fifth District. S. B. France; Assemblyman,
Fifty-sixth District. C. E. Hubbard; Sher
iff H. Wessels; County Clerk, O. M.
Gibbs; Assessor, N. Hamann: Recorder.
H. Ryan; Tax Collector. M. Resell Treas
urer. J. Zlmmer Jr.; Auditor. J. Nickel;
Superintendent of Schools. Miss C. Brose'
Supervisor, Fourth District, P. Jorgensen.
EAGER TO SEE THE FLEET.
NEW YORK, Aug. 21.— The ships be
longing to Admiral Sampson's fleet re
ceived thousands of callers to-day. The
Staten Island ferry-boats broke their
record for carrying passengers, and it
was estimated to-night that fully 125,000
people visited the island.
Boats of every description were pressed
into service to transport the visitors out
to the fleet. Boatmen fairly coined money,
and it is estimated that at times at least
i 250 small boats swarmed in and out among
1 the warships.
the Convention.
WOULD BE LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR
Frank McGowan Believes He Will Be in the Race
' After the First Ballot.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 21.-It seems that up to 'the present time none
of the candidates have shown sufficient strength to warrant a belief that
the nomination will be made on the first ballot I expee^ to see a hotly
contested battle, and if I am not mistaken it will take » more than^ three
or four ballots before the standard-bearer of th J £P°^ U^> £
chosen. One thing is certain, and 'J^ucJei of thl entire ticket. We are
fM £ :^£^.t^^-^^Wto«. people .of the State
of California a ticket that will receive their FR^ NX McGO WAN.
earnest support. ; ,
WILL SHOUT
LUSTILY FOB
THE DOCTOR
How Alameda Intends
to Prove Unity.
EXODUS TO THE CAPITAL
POOR, INDEED, MUST BE THE
MAN WHO REMAINS.
John A. Jo :es Issues a Couple of
Documents That Do Justice to
a Follower of Ma
guire.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, OAKLAND,
Aug. 21.— 0n the eve of the great Repub
lican battle Alameda County is a unit for
the man woo won such an overwhelming
victory at the primaries over a week ago.
Had this spirit of unanimity been mani
fested to the State three months ago that
which is now doubtful might have been a
certainty. Should Dr. Pardee fail of nomi
nation it cannot be denied that such a
misfortune would be entirely due to the
protracted and bitter contest that has
been waged for nearly a year between the
two Alameda County men who desired to
head the Republican ticket. Much regret
is now being expressed that the contest
did not end earlier than the primary.
As a matter of fact, it could only have
ended by the withdrawal of either of the
men. But each had gone into it with a
large and influential body of supporters,
to whom they had pledged that there
should be no backing down and that if the
right did not end at the primary it should
not be abandoned until the voice of the
convention was heard at Sacramento.
Under this disadvantageous load, Ala
meda County struggled along-, demanding
the nomination for Governor, but being
unable to place before the State the name
of the man to whom the honor should be
awarded. Eight days have elapsed since
it was determined that Alameda County
was nearly unanimous for Dr. Pardee,
and during those eight days the doctor's
workers have done heroic service in his
cause It is, however, an enormous task
to undo in such a short time the work
of as many months. The Pardee men are
as confident as ever and the doctor's faith
in his own campaign has not swerved a
particle. Siace he rirst proclaimed his de
sire to be nominated for Governor he has
attended personally to his own campaign, j
It is true that he has had a hundred activ©
and loyal lieutenants, but he has directed
their efforts and has left nothing to any
one else that he thought he could do bet
ter for himself. The result of the prim
ary shows that he is an active fighter and
a "successful campaigner, and had there
been no one else in the race from this
county a vastly different complexion
would now be worn by the great contest
to be decided at the capital next week.
There will be no lack of Alameda lung
power at the State Convention. During
the past week about one-half of the doc
tor's efforts have been engaged in making
new friends in San Francisco and the
other half in organizing his following of
workers on this side the ba-, so that thj>y
can render the best possible service at
Sacramento. Mayor Thomas said a few
nights ago that he would lead a little
company on his own account, and his ex
ample is to be followed by many others.
The Mayor knows something of politics,
and in addressing the Republican League
narrated a portion of a conversation that
he had with a San Francisco delegate.
The Mayor told how the south would
stand together and yell for Gage; how
San Francisco's vast delegation would
vote for every fly-by-night candidate for
the first few ballots and how Alameda
and other counties would roar for Pardee.
He prophesied that this would be main
tained for some time on the floor of the
convention, and that the least split in
either faction would be fatal. The Mayor
then in solemn tones assured the League
that "the little boss" from San Francisco
would raise his finger and the. horde from
the metropolis would swing their votes
in line and Alameda County, if she wa
vered, would be left. This is the spirit
that seems to pervade the Alameda dele
gation. They will stand pat and yell for
Pardee, as well as vote for him, and un
less present plans are changed they will
vote for no other candidate for Governor
so long as they are in the convention.
There is some doubt as to whether Ala
meda is likely to win or lose a point by
having her name at the head of the list
of counties. It is argued by some that
with her large delegation committee*! to
Pardee at the very outset of taking the
vote, and with Los Angeles also having
voted before San Francisco is reached,
a computation can be made before
the metropolis announces her choice that
will enable it to pick the winner. Should
Alameda be the last to be called the bal
ance of power might be kept in doubt and
decided by its vote. One Alameda County
editor has suggested that the committee
on order of business at Sacramento re
port in favor of a plan by which the
names of the counties be put into a ballot
box and that their respective votes be ta
ken as the names come from the box. It
Is hardly likely, however, that this in
genious Innovation will be adopted.
There are no factional lines in the
crowd that will leave Alameda County
to-day and to-morrow and Tuesday for
the seat of war. Hilborn men, Davis men,
Metcalf men will fall in line with the Par
dee men. and all will try their hardest to
bring home the coveted nomination. Many
of the Pardee Clubs, a large delegation
from the Young Men's Republican
League, a coterie of the Pondink
ies, probably every Republican of
fice-holder, certainly an army of
candidates for county and legis
lative offices, and most assuredly, wheth
er invited or not, a fair representation of
the "push" will be included in the exodus.
If lungs can win. George Pardee will be
the next Governor of California.
As soon as Victor Metcalf saw the
practical end of his own campaign yes
terday, he started in to work for the doc
tor, and with him are Associated all of
that powerful element and or
ganization that caused Mr. Metcalf to
win such a pronounced victory over Mr.
Hilborn last Wednesday. It rtiay alnmxt
be prophesied with a reasonable prospect
of fulfillment tnat if any Republic.! mm
other than a few police officers are In Ai
ameda County next Wednesday mornitiK,
it will be because the fare to Sacramento
is beyond their means, or because no
good Samaritan has offered them a fre«
pasteboard.
Some of Dr. Pardee's f deads during the
past week have been arguing on the p«.
culiar ground as to whether a po
candidate is helped more by his f
than by his honest opponents. Had r>
Pardee met with no opposition since he
announced himself as a candidate, and
had everybody oiled the wheels of bin
campaign chariot it would have slipped
through Alameda County so smoothly
and noiselessly that many would have
been unaware of its passage. But those
who differed from the doctor and f-orn
something he had said and done came
to the front, voiced their sentiments in
no uncertain tones and gavr- t nf . oppor
tunity that was most needed. Th<
tor wanted no other excuse to launch
out and broaden his campaign. From
Alameda the State took a hand in the
interest attaching to the controversy.
and in a short time every one knew that
there was in Alameda County a candi
date named George Pardee, and conse
quently all the State was led to lnok
for the result of the great contest. When
it was over the name of Pardee was
known from the borders of Oregon to
the Gulf of Mexico.
John Aubrey Jones, whom I do not
think will fill the seat In Congress re
cently vacated by Mr. Hilborn, has a
very short-lived memory. Althfiuph Mr.
Jones is a very affable citizen, he is f>n
tirely new to nearly everybody in the
district. His politics, according to his
frequent communications to the news
papers, is a mixture of Silver Republican
ism, Populism, Democracy, Bryanism,
and whatever may be meant by what he
terms "the coalition arrangement made
between duly accredited representatives
of the Democratic party and the People' 3
party at Sacramento on the 13th of July.".
It is nnt, however, Mr. Jones' politics
that interest me just now so much as his
lack of the ordinary method of doing
politics. On August 15th — Just a week
ago — I received a printed circular from
Mr. Jones, in which occur the following
sentences: "I do most respectfully so
licit indorsement of my candidacy by
your district convention. To this end I
ask that you will honor me with your
vote. 1 indorse undeservedly the Chicago
Democratic platform of 1596. I would
an earnest, systematic canvass and
would work hopefully to win. I would
earnestly support all legislation, etc. I
would give diligent attention to securing
appropriations, etc. I would zealously
oppose any attempt to pasß. etc. I would
draw some support from the Republi
cans, as I have the assurance of many,
etc. Yours truly. JOHN A. JONES '
In this morning's Call I read the fol
lowing: "It is with profound gratification
that I accept the honors that have been
heaped upon me by my fellow-citizens.
While my oponent has during weeks and
months • • • « • j have without
any effort and almost wholly unsolicited
secured two nominations. Dull, insensate
and unappreciative indeed would I be •
• • • • JOHN AUBREY JONES."
Dull, insensate and unappreciative In
deed must be the mind that faf;s to see
the joke in Mr. John Jones' two docu
ments.
The prospect of those who live largely
on "practical politics" is particularly
roseate. They have enjoyed pie for many
months, and the end of the banquet is
not yet in sight. Week after next the
county campaign, which, after all, is
one of the most productive of that which
makes politics, will open. Already a legion
of candidates is arranging slates, pro
grammes and combinations, geographical
and personal. This will last until Novem
ber; then the politicians will only have
to tide over Christmas when the new
year will bring on a full municipal cam
paign with almost the certainty that the
water companies will be "an issue," from
which may issue much that will be grati
fying to those who are neither taxpayers
nor hysterically anxious for political re
form and purity.
STUART W. BOOTH.
I WHY !
! NOT BE !
I A BIG, 1
I STRONG !
I MAN j
i ' i
? The privilege is yours again $
♦ if you will accept it. You would <
♦ not be weak to-day if you 'had ♦
& not been indiscreet. But do not ♦
o "cry over spilled- milk." The c
o damage being done, repair it at c
0 once. If you have overtaxed c
% some part of your body (you 5
♦ know the truth about it), seek 5
1 help. If waste is going on IT 5
V MUST BE STOPPED AT ONCE. 5
? "Hudyan" does away with all \
♦ drains on the vital powers in a \
♦ week. "Hudyan"::has 4 made <
$ grand, big, brawny men out of )
$ an army of weaklings. Scores J
o ! and scores of them are fighting I
0 their countries' battles to-day. j
J Why not learn the truth about '<
?" Hudyan ?v Sent to you with- <
♦ out one cent of cost. See what
♦ it has done for other weak men. j
♦ 11 will make you a big, strong .5
♦ man again. Why not be a 5
I MAN? <
I 5
♦ Hudson Medical Institute, 5
♦ : Stockton, Market arid Ellis Sts., • j
♦ BAN FRANCISCO. "4
0 ■ ... *-.■■•>: ,-: :,^ : ,;.,:i
£O♦ 0 ♦ O*- O ♦■ O ♦ ©♦ O ♦- O-*O-*-C*-O-«SEVEN PERISH
IN A DISASTER
ON THE RAILS
Trair>s on a Massachusetts Line
Telescoped by a Rear-Eod
Collision.
■List, of Passengers Seriously Injured in the
WrecK Includes Over a Score
: ; of Names.
 SHARON. Mass., Aug. 21.— A fright- |
. ful.- rear end collision occurred In the
• Sharon station of the New York. New
•Haven, and Hart-'ord road at 7:30 !
.o'clock to-night, when an express train, I
• which was running as the second sec- i
'. tjoni'vof . a long train, crashed into the i
; first' section, composed of local cars.
■■" ';•• Seven persons were killed and twenty
! 's!*, seriously injured. The injured were
•;-. : neafiy,all removed to Boston on a spe
cial train, which was met by ambu
lances and surgeons.
• '-."The- rear car of the local train was
• completely demolished and a portion of
' the second car, while the engine of the
-.express train was crippled. The dead
'■ &re.:
V.' Franklin M. "Waters, Somerville,
... Mass;
"•'.. Mrs. W. J. Fitzpatrick, Boston.
;•' Mary Fitzpatrick, Mrs. Fitzpat
• Tick's granddaughter, 10 years old,
' =and a grandson, 15 years old.
• '• • A • woman supposed to be Mrs.
/WatSon of Westerly, R. I.
; • Mrs. H. C. Briscoe, Revere.
' C. B. Frye, Revere.
'.. . • The injured are:
I / James H. Fitzpatrick, 18 years
old, Boston.
:.•""'• j. H. Whitcomb, Boston.
Mrs. J. E. Whitcomb, Boston.
' '•' ' Mrs. James Ray and her aged
■ mother, Jamaica Plains.
•': Mr. Crockett, Somerville, Mass.
" Mrs. Alice Braman, South Boston.
' : Mr. and Mrs. Ericsson and child.
■'"• •- Daniel C. Cantor.
, D. C. McCann, South Boston.
Fred Tudor, South Boston. ,
J. Ogden Lowell.
Mrs. J. Ogden Lowell.
'"•"" Mrs. Maggie O'Connor and two
X children.
George Quinn, Providence.
Miss Fitzpatrick, Boston, eight
• years old.
Mr. and Mrs. John Gordon, Bos
ton. •
C. W. Dadman, Boston.
Mrs. Ida M. Walker, Waltham.
J. A. Philipps, Boston.
A. E. Newmark, Pittsburg.
Joseph M. Mann, Providence.
Mrs. Delia V. Brennan, South
Bostbn.
Marguerite M. Grimshaw, Somer
ville.
The two trains which were In col- !
lision were usually combined into one
•long train, but as the traffic to-day was
h-avy it was divided, the first section
running as a local accommodation,
while the second, which started from
Mansfield fifteen minutes later, ran as
an express. The local train, due at
Sharon at 7:02 o'clock, was thirteen
minutes late. It left Mansfield on time,
.making two stops, and had lost the
thirteen minutes between Mansfield and
Fharrm. It was due in Canton Junction,
. the next station beyond Sharon, two
minutes ahead of the express train,
which should have passed it there.
Sharon is situated on a curve and both
the outward and inward tracks are pro
. tected by electric block signals. After
the accident it was thought the block
signal protecting the inward track was
sot at "danger," showing, as it was in
tended, that there was a train, in the
. ThL'r n e was no warning given by the
'■■ conductor of the Mansfield local to
■ • Bhw the approaching train that the
;. "track' was not clear at the station, and
"•it was not until he was within 300
■ feet of the station that the engineer of
the express noticed anything wrong.
• He : immediately set all brakes and
whistled the warning, but it was too
late to stop the express. .
• -it crashed into the rear car split
' ting It asunder and completely de
• molishing it with the exception of the
■■ So*- Its speed was not slackened un
• tn the engine had penetrated fully five
: feet into the rear of the second car
-•The escaping steam entered the roof
' of ■■ the car and badly scalded a num
ber of- the occupants. The roof of the
last car was forced on top of the en
S?e of the express and remained
.. Sere, as It was the only portion of the
L-'^nginet Gretchell and Fireman
* -Holmes of the express train _ both
lumped. Getchell was cut and bruised
• ■ St the head. He stated after the ac
cident that he left Mansfield Promptly
.:•' on time and there was no incident ua
til. he was within 400 feet of the Mans
. -field train. Then he saw the red lights
■ of that train and shut off steam. Mean
.while he had whistled for brakes and
.".used -every effort to stop the train. ;V
' ' • Every one of the killed and injured
■' was on the Mansfield train and the
'•lily explanation of the fact that the
• ' number of fatalities is not larger is
that the passengers were all in the for
ward end of the car, in the act of
'alighting at the station. There were
' "about thirty people in the last car and
•.•most of them at the time of the acci-
dent were either on the front platform or
near it.
V • Mary Fitzpatrick, 10 years old, was
'taken from the wreck unconscious, and
died just as the special train bearing
'" ' ; the injured started for Boston. Twenty
two of the injured were taken on this
.train 1 and four others whose names
• -th'e.y refuse to disclose, remained in
' .Sharon.
• : • The scene about the little station at
.Sharon was a terrible one. A large
" cor-? a of surgeons and two undertakers
arrived soon sifter the accident and im
" ".mediately set at work to relieve the
■ t suffering and care for the bodies of the
" dead. There were very few lights
about that portion of the track where
'• the -accident occurred, and the surgeons
were compelled to do their work in al
' most total darkness.
Fifteen ambulances awaited the ar-
rival of the train which brought the in
jured from the scene of the wreck. A
great crowd had assembled and a force
of policemen was necessary to keep it
from crowding on to the tracks. Lined
up on the platform were fourteen
stretchers, while thirty hospital at
tendants and a number of surgeons
were on hand.
Quite a number of the patients were
taken in charge, but the greater num
ber were taken to their homes.
Daniel C. McCann, an express messen
ger on the New Bedford train, had his
j right hand and arm badly lacerated j
I and his right knee painfully injured i
in extricating a man who was pinned
between the engine's headplate and the
flooring of the telescoped car. Just in j
front of the prisoner lay his wife, j
crushed and bleeding, and he was un- ,
able to move hand or foot to help her. j
The woman died in a few moments. ;
Steam was rising as in a Turkish bath, j
The heat from the escaping steam was j
intense. Mr. McCann said that many j
people were slightly burned, though in
their heroic endeavors to assist the in
jured the workers did not notice it.
LOCAL OARSMEN SHINE
IN ASTORIA'S REGATTA
Duplissea of the South Ends and :
Pape of the Alamedas Gain
Awards.
ASTORIA, Or., Aug. 21.— Several thou
sand people who are here attending the
regatta to-day went to the seaside re
sorts in this vicinity, where special prep
arations were made for their entertain
ment. Bicycle races, a balloon ascen- j
sion and other sports took place during j
the day at the beaches.
The regatta judges to-day made the ;
following awards of yesterday's races:
Cutter race— Columbine crew won, Astoria !
Naval Reserve crew second. Time. 14:.".l 2-5.
Single shells, one and a half miles— \\ on by ,
Frank Duplissea of the South Ends of San j
Francisco. Time, 13:42 2-5.
outrigger skiffs— A. W. Pape of the Dolphins
I of San Francisco won, Dr. Dennis of the South
Ends of San Francisco second. Time, 11:40 2-5.
Four-oared shells, one and a half miles — i
Burrard Inlets, B. C. won, Alameda second.
Time, 10:51 2-5.
The Whitehall sailing and fishboat j
sailing races have not yet been decided, !
and probably' will be failed over. For
to-morrow several important events are
on the programme.
SERGEANT BORROWE
COMES HOME TO DIE
His Vitality So Sapped By Malaria
That His Recovery Is Barely
Possible.
NEW YORK, Aug. 21.— Sergeant Hallett
Alsop Borrowe, who arrived on the Oli
vette, was removed from the transport to
a parlor car. which was provided by his
wife, and will be taken to Shinnecock. He
is suffering from malaria and his vitality
has fallen to a low point. The doctors
who saw him after the arrival of the Oli
vette said he had a fighting chance for re
covery, but their manner of speech
showed that they considered his case se
rious and possibly fatal.
PYTHIAN HOSTS GATHERING.
Indianapolis in Gala Dress for the
Grand Encampment.
INDIANAPOLIS. Aug. 21.— Present Indi
cations point to a large attendance at
the biennial encampment of the Knights
of Pythias. An estimate of the number
of the uniformed rank who arrived hero
to-day places the number at 5500, which
dops not include the members of subor
dinate- lodges and women and children.
The encampment does not open until
Tuesday, but the city is already crowded
and has taken on a gala-day apearance.
Supreme Chancellor Colgrove has arrived
and opened headquarters, and Major Gen
eral Caranahan of the uniformed rank is
in charge of Camp Colgrove. where
enough tents are in place to accom
modate 1500 men.
To-dny H. W. Belding, imperial secre
tary of" the Dramatic Order xvnights of
Khorraspan, arrived from St. Louis in a
special car. with fifty others. Imperial
Prince Hinsley of Chicago is also here.
The Rathbone Sisters, the auxiliary
branch, is also represented by the su
preme officers and many others.
.. majority of the supreme representa
! tives have arrived, and the indications
j point to the election of Judge Stanton L.
I Tarter of California for supreme vlco
| chancellor. The other aspirants are
Charles E. Shively of Indianapolis and
Ogden H. Fethers of Wisconsin.
TO COLONIZE CHINA.
Russia's Inducements to Thousands
of Moujiks.
LONDON. Aug. 21.--Th« Odessa cor
respondent of the Daily Mail saysr The
Government is providing thousands of
Moujiks who have completed their throe
years military service with inducements
of free passage and outfit, such as horses,
cows and oxen arid Implements and a loan
repayable on easy Installments, to emi
grate to China p.nd form colonies, thus
forming a splendid available fighting con
tingent If necessary.
BLANCO IS OBDURATE.
Spanish Government "Reported to Be
Displeased With Him and
Macias.
MADRID. Aug. 21.— The Government is
displeased with the attitude of Captains-
General Maclas and Blanco. The latt?r
h-is again positively declined to preside
over the evacuation of Cuba. The Cap
tain-General of the Canary Islands was
removed owing to his failing to agree
with the "War Minister's arrangements re
garding the disposition of troops.
SOLDIERS TO BE PAID.
Spanish Government to Purchase
Silver for Coinage.
MADRID. Aug. 21.— 1t is stated that the
Ca./inot has decided to make representa
tions to the Washington Government rc
irar.iinK the conduct of the insurgents in
continuing to attack Spanish detach
n> It 1 |s'alM agreed to pay the repatriated
soldiers their arrears of salary when they
land in Spain and resolved to purchase
250 000 kilos of silver for coinage.
Los Angeles Boy Fatally Burned.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. i\.— Ihe seven
vear-old son of Fred Haver, a brick ma
son was so badly burned while playing
with fire in the rear of his home this af
ternoon tn*t he died at 8:30 o'clock to
niErht The child nad been left alone at
home', and was burning rubbish in the
hack yard His clothes caught fire and h-3
was hopelessly burned before assistance
could reach him.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 22, 1898.
MOUNTAIN
FIRES GAIN
NEW IMPETUS
San Gabriel Reserva
tion Doomed.
GAIN HEADWAY EVERY HOUR
uAY AND NIGHT MEN FIGHT
THE FLAMES.
Forty Miles of Woods Burned Over
and Many Streams Licked Up
in the Canyons — Loss
Is Appalling.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 21.— The de
vastating fire which has for the past
week been raging In the San Gabriel
reservation is slowly but surely spread
ing and to-night the flames are de
stroying the timber of the best water
sheds of the reservation. The flre is
burning most fiercely on the second and
third ranges of the mountains and is
spreading from the northeast to thp
southwest and is making headway in
both directions.
The greatest destruction centers
about "Observation Peak" on the north
side of Mount San Gabriel, and from
present indications there will be noth
ing left of the once majestic mount
ain but a bare ridge. Already about
forty square miles of territory have
been devastated and where once grew
sturdy pines and dense chaparral is
now nothing but a blackened waste.
The flames are moving on toward
Strawberry Mountain, driving many
campers away from the flat ■ and great
alarm is felt at Colby's ranch, where
the fine orchards and grain fields are
threatened.
Grave fears are entertaned for the
safety of the Tejunga reserves, where
there are magnificent forests and valu
able water courses. It is here that a
company has already begun operations
on an extensive water system with a
SPAIN'S PEACE COMMISSION.
LONDON, Aug. 2\.— The Madrid correspondent of
the Sunday Times says: The Peace Commission will be com
posed of Senor Leon y Castillo, the Spanish Embassador to
France; Senors Moret and Merry del Yal and General Cer
vera.
PORTO RICO COMMISSION OF THE DONS.
MADRID, Aug. 21. — The Porto Rico Commission,
it is announced, has been appointed. It is composed of
Admiral Vallaranio, General Ortega and Senor Sanchez de
la Guilla.
tof possibly supplying water to the
of Pasadena,
out one hundred men are engaged
jhtlng the flames. They are wnrk
oward the fire from the n irthwest.
general plan of operation is to cut
de swath and cover the heaped-up
h with earth over which it is hoped
flre will not cross. Desperate ef
are being made to protect San Ga-
Canyon. Eatons Canyon and the
nga, all of which are in great dan-
There Is more alarm felt at 31ount
nson though the flre is still some
dist cc away.
HIGH COMMISSION'S WORK.
Canadian-American Sources of Dis
pute to Be Adjusted.
QUEBEC, Aug. 21.— The principal ques
tions submitted for the consideration of
the High committee to meet here to-day
are:
1. The questions in respect to fur seals
in Bering Sea and the waters of the
North Pacific Ocean.
2. Provisions in respect to fisheries off
the Atlantic and Pacific coasts and In
the waters of their common frontiers.
3. Provisions for the delimitation and
establishment of the Alaska-Canadian
boundary by legal and scientific experts,
if the commission shall so decide or
otherwise.
4 Provisions for the transit of mer
chandise in transportation to or from
either country, across intermediate ter
ritory of the other, whether by land or
water, including natural and artificial
waterways and Intermediate transit by
5 Provisions relating to the transit of
merchandise from one country to points
In the other beyond the frontier.
6 The question of the alien labor laws,
applicable to the subjects or citizens of
the Tqited States and of Canada.
7 Mining rights of the citizens or sub
jects of each country within the terri
tory of the other.
8 ' Such readjustment and concessions
as may be deemed mutually advan
tageous of customs duties .-.ppltcable In
each country to the products of the soil
or industry of the other upon the basis
of reciprocal equivalents.
it A revision of the agreement of 181 i
respecting naval vessels on the lakes.
in Arrangements for the more com
plete definition and marking of any part
of the frontier line by land or water,
where the same Is now so insufficiently
defined or marked as to be liable to dls-
11 Provisions for the conveyance for
trial or punishment of persons in the
I'iwful custody of the officers of one
country through the territory of .the
° l2 P1 Reclprocity in wrecking and salvage
rights.
DISPOSITION OF
THE PHILIPPINES
NEW YORK. Aug. 21.-A Washington
special to the World says: The President j
has decided upon his. policy regarding the I
Philippines. • A Cabinet Minister who saw
the President to-day said to-night that
the basis of instructions to our peace com
missioners will be substantially as fol
10 First-Retentlon by the United States of
the Island of Luzon on which the city or
Manila is situated. ,' mn i*w
Second— Equal trade facilities with
Spain in the remainder of the Philippine
gr Vhfrd— of the islands to be dis
posed of to any foreign power. ■/■>
Fourth— Severance of : all existing rela
tions between church and state in the en
tire Philippine group. ■ -:"-'■'
■■ While the commissioners will be allowed
a certain degree of latitude in other mat
ters, the foregoing points will not bo de
, parted, tvam or altered.
MERRITT'S
ORDERS TO
THE REBELS
Must Retire Ten Miles
From Manila.
THREE DAYS' TIME IS GIVEN
THEY THREATEN TO ATTACK
THE CITY.
Banks Open and Business I" Running
Smoothly— Three Soldiers Die,
But the Wounded Are
Doing Well.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Oor
don Bennett.
MANILA, Aug. 21.— The city is quiet.
Banks are now open, and business has
been resumed. Armed rebels are not
allowed in the city. General Merritt
has ordered that all armed rebel forces
retire ten miles from Manila within j
three days. Representatives of A.^ui- i
naldo agreed to these terms yesterday, j
asking on their part for employment j
under the American Government for
the leading rebels, which was granted.
The rebel forces declare that if Angui
naldo orders them to retire they will
refuse and will attack Manila. The re
sult would be disastrous to them, as
Manila is amply protected by 10.000
American troops.
The Custom-house, administration
bureau, postofflce and port are now ad
ministered by American officers. Cus
toms duties on goods detained in the
Custom-house amount to 2.000,000 Mex
ican dollars. The treasury which has
been handed over to General Merritt,
contains a large amount.
Aguinaldo has sent rebel troops to
j attack Iloilo, and has dispatched
I agents to induce the southern islands
to rebel. In Iloilo there are 4000 troops.
Sergeant Burns of the Thirteenth
Minnesota has succumbed to wounds
received in the final assault on the city.
. Privates Pratt, Dickson and Padden
have died from typhoid fever. All the !
wounded are doing well, and will re
cover.
Major Reeve has been appointed
chief of police and Captain Blau in
spector, with the Thirteenth Minnesota
as a guard to police the city. The reg
iment is quartered in the best suburb
of Manila.
OUR LOSSES AT MANILA.
Forty-Six Killed and One Hundred
Wounded.
HONGKONG, Aug. 21.— Officers of the
steamer China from Manila, which has
arrived here, report that it was evident i
that the resistance of the Spaniards !
when Manila was attacked by the j
Americans was merely nominal and ;
was made solely Ur maintain the honor :
of Spain. The officers talked with ex- ;
press the belief that the escape of j
Governor General Augusti was pre
arranged and was well understood by
Admiral Dewey.
A dispatch from Manila, dated Au
gust 18, says the total number of killed
on the American side during the attack
upon and capture of Manila was forty
six and the wo-unded about 100. The
Spanish losses were about 200 killed
and 400 wounded. The fire of the
Americans did practically no damage
to the town nor to the non-combatants.
The Americans haa considerable diffi
culty in keeping the insurgents out of
the city, only admitting those who- were
without weapons.
Five Insurgents were shot while loot
ing at Tondo. An insurgent officer be
came involved in a quarrel with a Span
iard in the Escolta, in the Binondo sub
urb, during which the Spaniard lired
upon the insurgent, inflicting wounds
in the latter's legs. The Spaniard was
arrested and imprisoned.
General Merritt has issued a procla
mation decreeing that the provisional
Government and the local authorities
shall retain their offices and that every
thing shall remain unchanged for the
present, except su far as the supreme
jurisdiction is concerned. The procla
mation further declares that any na
tive who resists the present authorities
shall be treated as a lawbreaker.
General Jaudenes, in the course of an
interview had with him by the repre
sentative of the Associated Press, said
he knew the fight was a hopeless one,
but that he intended to resist the Amer
icans in the name of honor, but was
persuaded to surrender for the sake of
the non-combatants. He eulogized the
Americans for the humanity they have
shown.
The last official act of General Jau
denes was to fine a Journalist for speak
ing the truth. The journalist requested
the correspondent to state that he had
loyally done his best for the country.
He had thrice been punished, had
fought bravely as a volunteer, had been
captured and released, and, further,
was ready to fight again, but was "ut
terly disgusted with a Government and
a nation which tolerates and welcomes
the Americans."
Serious trouble is threatened by the
insurgents because they were prevented
from having their own way. They as
sert that they are able to render the
islands untenable for anybody.
Signal Corps for Santiago.
NEW YORK. Aug. I.— The Third United
States Signal Corps, which was organized
in Brooklyn and has been in camp at
Chickamauga and Newport News for the
paat two months, arrived in this city to
dav^ott itfl way to Santiago de Cuba.
PHILIPPINES
NOT MANILA
SUBURBS
Change of Opinion at
Washington.
ONLY THE CITY SURRENDERED
BELIEF THAT THT ARCHIPEL
AGO WAS NOT INCLUDED.
Merritt's Cablegram Throve No Light
on the Construction He Places
Upon the Terms of Capit
ulation.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 21.— Among the
war officials the terms of the capitu
lation of Manila, as cabled by General
Merritt, were a topic of discussion. No
light has been thrown upon the terms
by General Merritt. He cabled the
terms themselves, expecting probably
to forward by mail the construction
placed upon them by the American and
Spanish officers at Manila.
Unofficial advices from Manila re
i reived previous to the arrival of the
text of the terms indicated that the
capitulation of the city included the
.surrender of the Philippines, and that
Spanish sovereignty over the entire
archipelago was,' temporarily at least,
at an end. " This view is not sustained
Rthe conditions of the surrender as
led by General Merritt; and, it may
said, it is not the view taken by the
t informed officials of the admlnis
tion. While some of the war au
thorities last night were inclined to the
opinion that the articles of capitula
i tion, necessarily and naturally some
i what elastic in their phraseology,
! might be construed to mean the sur.
: render of Spanish control over the en
tire Philippines group, the prevalent
opinion now is that they mefn precise
ly what they say, and that the sur
render includes only the city of Ma
nila and its immediate surroundings,
or suburbs, as it is expressed in the
articles.
It can be said authoritatively the
President is quite satisfied with the
terms as made by General Merritt and
Admiral Dewey. Their instructions af
forded them considerable latitude for
individuality of action, the President
feeling confident that they would se
cure the best possible terms in the
circumstances. That they have done
6O he is certain.
It is pointed out that the terms of
the capitulation of Manila can have
but little effect upon the action of the
Paris peace commission, in any event.
The protocol as signed by the accred
ited representatives of the governments
of the United States and Spain pro
vides for the cession of the city, bay
| and harbor of Manila to the United
States, and leaves it to the peace com
■ mission to determine the disposition
< and government of the Philippine Is
lands.
Whether, therefore, Spain is to re
; tain her sovereignty over the islands
is a question to be decided by the
! Paris commission. The action of the
: commission is circumscribed by the
! provisions of the protocol, while the
terms of the capitulation of Manila,
it is suggested, can have very little
more serious effect upon the commis
sion'fl work than those of the surrender
PHILIPPINES WERE
NOT SURRENDERED
Jaudenes Had Authority Only Over
the City of Manila and the
Surrounding Province.
NEW YORK. Aug. 21.— A cable to the
World from Manila Bay, under date of
August IS. via Hongkong. August 21, says:
The surrender at Manila delivered up to
the Americans only the city and the sur
rounding province. Acting Governor-
General Jaudenes claimed to have no au
thority to surrender any other part of the
Had then been no protocol. Admiral
Dewev would have carried his operations
to other parts of the Philippines. He had
in view the Immediate dispatch ot cruis
ers to Iloilo and Cebu. convoying trans
ports with troops to capture and occupy
all the important places, particularly the
fortified points where Spanish troops -are
stationed. No move will be made now
until the peace question is definitely set-
Brigadier General McArthur has ap
pointed as provost marshal Colonel Oven
shine of the Twenty-third regulars and
for deputy marshal Colonel Smith of the
Cwlifornia volunteers.
M'KINLEY CONGRATULATES
DEWEY AND MERRITT
Extends the Thanks of the Nation
and Himself for the Capture
of Manila.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 21.— President
McKlnley to-night cabled to Admiral
Dewey and General Merritt his and the
nation's congratulations upon their cap
ture of Manila. The text of the dis
patch to Admiral Dewey is as follows:
EXECUTIVE MANSION,
WASHINGTON. Aug. 21. 1898.
Admiral Dewey. Manila: Receive for
yourself and the officers, sailors and ma
rines of your command my thanks and
congratulations and those of the nation
for the gallant conduct all have so con
spicuously disp!aye L d LiAM McKmLET .
Following is the text of the dispatch
to General Merritt:
EXECUTIVE MANSION,
WASHINGTON, Aug. 21 1898.
Major General Mf rritt, U. S. A.. Manila:
In my own behalf and for the nation, I
tender to you and the officers and men of
your command sincere thanks and con
gratulations for the conspicuously gallant
conduct di S play^in i you.c aign feY>
Death of a Celebrated Painter.
MADRID, Aug. 21.- 1 he aeatn is an
nounced of the celebrated Spanish paint
er, Madrazo.
RETURNS HOME A PRIEST.
Father McAuliffe Has Been Ap
pointed to the Priesthood of
This Archdiocese.
Rev Joseph McAuliffe, who was lately
1 ordained a member of the Catholic priest
hood at Lille. France, has returned to this
city to commence his work in the church.
His expressed wish all through hie
' career at college was to have the honor
and pleasure of saying his first mass at
It Rote ? s Church, where he had spent
many years of his boyhood as an acolyte
to the priests stationed in this parish,
i In conformity with this desiie Arch
bishop Riordan gave his consent to the
youne priest and the date or the celebra
tion of his first mass was fixed for yes
terday morning in St. Rose's Church, on
Brannan street. It, however, was not
said as anticipated by Father McAuliffe
owing to his unforeseen appointment late
, Saturday evening to anotner pariah.
Arrangements were made but had to be
THE PERU AND
CITY OF PUEBLA
REACH MANILA
Four Thousand Men fldded to the
Force Urjder Major Gen
eral Merritt.
NEW YORK, Aug. 21.— The Herald's Washington correspondent
telegraphs: General Merritt's forces in the Philippines have been
increased by the arrival at Manila of 4000 more men under the com
mand of Major General Otis and General Hughes, as indicated by
this dispatch received to-day by Adjutant General Corbin:
MANILA, Aug 21.— Adjutant General, Washington: Ma
jor General Otis with steamers Peru and City of Puebla have
arrived. All well; no casualties. MEKRITT.
The arrival of these troops has given General Merritt 15,000 men.
The remaining 5000 first intended to complete the force of 20,000
may not go. General Corbin stated to-night, however, that part of
this 5000— "King's detachment" now at the Presidio, San Francisco
will be ordered to Honolulu, under orders, if need be, to go to Ma
nila.
postponed. The old desire, however, still
lingers, and although the first mass was
not said in the church where he had re
ceived the first Inspiration to his calling
ADVERTISEMENTS.
* -/'a;,
88 88
88
88 §HBKfcm&L
09 ja. 88
88 i"^ .•
88 5; i
•" 2«
| To-day's story told 1
i \r) goods and prices I
ss «
I emphasize the fact that when anything in jj
I men's clothing or furnishings is wanted you _;«
S| must come to us for the best at the lowest S|jj
1- prices. A return of money made for any- sjj
I thing not perfectly satisfactory. v J
■ . a
88 The two popular bargains of last week will a
88 88
25 hold good for this week. 25
5 $9.95 Suit. $2.45 Trousers, I
88 '.'•'". . 88
88 In cassimeres, worsteds or chevi- A grand offer in a carefully se- 88
88 ots— in every popular shade. Suits lected lot of $4.00 and $5.00 trou- 88
85 that you really will not be ashamed sers that are right up to date. 88
88 to wear, even though they do cost Handsome new striped worsteds in a
88 so little. Guaranteed to fit and to new patterns. Another fit guaran- ~
§ be of] the very latest style. , teed here, also.
88 / ; a
i Bats, Shirts, Neckties, Suspenders i
88 a
88 /~*"^&\ Our furnishing goods manager has a
%■ [ \ been clamoring for a chance to talk of ss
a LffliiiiriTmMim^ is department, and now that his chance |
58 fc^PSS^Pj) is come ne resents the following «■ S
a V - :^w^^^> / • ceedingiy attractive values for your a
to- consideration : ss
88 -. ': r r : ■-'^ a
a C'TU^fei Special sale, of $2.00 Fedora /^T§r^S 88
*. [MV^Wp hats, made of best felt, in brown // pI^T | 88
85 \^xmX[ and black, best binding, silk lined, In jH¥ I A 88
88 V>S\U^ best trimmings. . QRp li(y N / SS '
88 -^^^Ps^^P^ Sale price "**" \f VI «
| 'fcuT-^ — »
88 ' ;.'; .' ■-', "•;.'; ■' .-.: ; - ■ ' 'a -
88 $1.00 shirts— genuine percales — Pure silk string ties, regular |ftp 88
88 colored bosoms— white bodies, with ; values at 25c. now offered at lUU g
g. separate cuffs— sizes 14 to «p 50-cent suspenders, leather ft r~ 88
88 16^— a great bargain at. . . jDu ends, at the reduced price of ZUlf 88
88 28
% Colored balbriggan and lisle thread hose, regularly sold .a
88 for 50c. A great selection in plaids, stripes, polka dots |
| and every late fancy. Reduced; from regular ftp^ a
88 price to just ha1f. ... ..... ...... ...... . . Id «
a". ■ ■ ■ : -••-■ '■- ■ ' - ' «
■ . - ■-.. *—^— ■  V -•' :• : ■ 88
88
i 718 Market St., S. F. S
to - „ .."',-/'-. -'-■' - :--■--:• ' ■ -.a
88 88 83 88 88 88 88 88 : 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 82 82 888 88 8 B'B 82 82 82 88 8 »
Father McAullffe hopes that In the near
future he may be granted the privilege
of saying mass in the old chruch on
Brannan street.
34
SWITCHING YARD
II THE STREETS
Southern Pacific Impo
sition at San Jose.
OUTGROWTH OF GANG RULE
CONSTANT MENACE TO LIVES
OF TRAVELERS.
Two of the Principal Thoroughfares
of the City Recklessly En
croached Upon by the
Monopoly.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 21.— As a result of
being in the toils of a corrupt political
gang San Jose is being imposed upon
by the Southern Pacific monopoly. Two
of the principal streets — First and San
Pedro — are being used as a switching
yard at the broad jjauge depot. This is
a detriment to tho city. It decreases
the value of property in that vicinity,
besides being a menace to travelers.
Teams are frequently frightened, and
hardly a day passes but some serious
accident is not narrowly averted.
North First street is one of the finest
thoroughfares in the city. The same
can be said of North San Pedro street.
Both lead to the center of town and are
the thoroughfares of much travel. Be
tween Julian and Washington the
Southern Pacific Railroad crosses the
streets. Trains on the coast division
and Niles route cross these streets
many times a day. But not satisfied
with this, the railroad company
switches cars across these driveways
all day long. A flagman is provided,
but even then there is danger from the
continual switching. The street is
blocked by teams waiting to cross, and
First and San Pedro streets are virtu
ally pre-empted for railroad yards.
North First street contains some of
the finest residences in the city, and but
a block beyond the railroad crossing is
the Hotel Vendome. The hostelry is
filled by guests from all over the United
States, and that the city's main thor
oughfare should remain in such a con
dition is a disgrace to the municipality.
People living in the neighborhood have
protested time and again against the
condition of the streets, but the City
Council has never done anything.
Public opinion is unanimous that the
Southern Pacific Company should be
compelled to remove its freight yards.
It owns ample ground a mile from the
city, in the Polhemus tract, that is suit
able for railroad purposes. Prom time!
t<> time it has been reported that the '
freight business of the company would j
be removed there, but the indifference j
of gang-controlled City Councils has |
allowed the railroad imposition to con
tinue unmolested.
Some time ago the Bnard of Trade
took up the matter. It was discussed
and a committee appointed to wait
upon the company, but that was all
that was done.
The manner In which the street is
used is condemned by the entire city,
but in its gang-ridden condition San
Jose seems powerless to resist this en
croachment of the Southern Pacific.
NATIONAL SENTIMENT
FAVORS EXPANSION
President McKinley Deluged With
Letters Urging Retention of
the Philippines.
NEW YORK, Aug. 21.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Secretary Alger was much interested
this morning as to the contention in
different quarters as to whether the ca
pitulation had included the Philippines.
A very prominent and observant official
said to-night that if the word "su
burbs" mentioned in the terms of
agreement was translated back into
Spanish a clearer idea might be
formed. He was conversant with the
fact that the Spanish word was pliant
and many-sided and more may have
been meant by what was translated
into "suburbs" than is contemplated by
our term "suburb." And yet other
opinion here opposes the suggestion
that the agreement was received with
General Merritt's perfect knowledge of
the word "suburbs," and that, there
fore, the claim that the Philippines
were meant is out of the question.
President McKinley and his Cabinet
are being made aware of the fact that
the sentiment of the country is strong
ly in favor of holding all of the Phil
ippines. Each day the mail brings to
the President and to each member of
the Cabinet many letters from all over
the country. Even before the capture
of Manila by Admiral Dewey and Gen
eral Merritt a great majority of the
writers of these letters urged that all
the islands should be held. Since that
victory the proportion of the writers
who favor retiring from them has
grown much smaller. It cannot be
Piii'l that the President has changed his
views on the subject up to this time,
but as he is Inclined to regard what
he understands to be the deliberate
judgment of the people of the coun
try he may, when the time comes to
Instruct the peace commissioners, give
them to understand that he considers
the situation in the Philippines to be
such it will be the duty of the United
States to hold them.
Representative Qrosvenor, who has
just returned from Europe, was at the
White House to-night and had a talk
with the President about the situation.
T saw him as he was leaving the White
House and he told me he was heartily
Jn favor of the retention of the Philip
pines by the United States.
PORTO RICAN EVACUATION.
Spanish Troops Will Leave the Isl-
and in September.
LONDON, Auk. 2L— The Madrid corre
spondent of the Sunday Times says: The
ation of Porto Rico will begin in
September, but it is not expected that the
disbanding of the Cuban troops will be
commenced before December.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
What a luxury
Pears' soap is!
The cheapest soap
in all the world be-
sides.
FIRST-STREET CROSSING IN SAN JOSE, WHICH THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC USES
FOR A SWITCHING YARD.
FRANCE OFFERED
TO AID HAWAI
Incident of the Cable
Legislation.
CALL'S REPORT CONFIRMED
PBOMISES MADE BY A FRENCH
COMTANY.
Sought in Every Possible Way to
Prevent the Granting of a
Franchise to an Ameri
can Corporation.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
HONOLULU, Aug. 10.— As far back
as February 11 The Call published In
this correspondence an item in refer
ence to a proposition for a French
trans-Pacific cable connecting with
Tahiti and Honolulu, which created a
sensation in the United States and
Europe and received the honor of an
equivocal contradiction from persons
interested in suppressing the informa
tion on behalf of rival schemes then
practically pending before the Govern
ments of Hawaii and America.
In the throes of the dissolution of the
Hawaiian republic and the personal
unpleasantness thereby engendered, the
true secret has reluctantly oozed out
in sjijte o.f the secretive manner in
; whi.-h It has been handled by the rnori
j bund Cabinet.
It appears, from reliable authority,
that The Call was correct in its state
ment. The French warship Duguay
Trouln at the same time that it brought
the proposition for making Honolulu a
port of call for the steam is <>f the
Messageries Imperiales Line brought
a request to the Hawaiian Government
that no special or exclusive franchise
be granted to any trans-Pacific cable
company until a proposition fur a
French cable connection with Tahiti
had been fully considered by the Ha
waii;: n Government, even although the
United States Government had to be
first considered in any negotiation for
landing a foreign cable on Hawaiian
shores.
Upon three subsequent occasions did
the representative of the French Gov
ernment and the prompters appear be
fore the Executive Council and plead
his cause and strenuously oppose the
granting of any exclusive franchise to
any Hawaiian, American or foreign,
company. It was this opposition that
induced a section of the Cabinet and
its supporters to make so strenuous a
fight in the Legislature against the ex
clusive franchise of the Pacific (Scrym
ser) cable bill, which subsequently
won its fight in so extraordinary and
mysterious a manner as to compel ad
miration of the ability which en
gineered it and comment on the sudden
docility with which votes flocked to it.
If I am correctly informed, there will
not be found among the archives of the
Government of the republic of Hawaii
a single line of documentary evidence
in the way of contracts, letters or even
pieces of conversations to mark this in
teresting episode of the cable fight; but
this is not surprising w^en the se
cretive sympathies in the transaction of
public affairs by the Gevehmgericht of #
Hawaii become more fully appreciated.'
as they will be in course of time when
tongues become loosened in discussing
reminiscences. It is even now intimat
ed "on the dead quiet" that Franca
stood ready to tender diplomatic as
sistance in aid of the preservation of
Hawaiian independence had the slight
est approach to an entente cordiale
been made. If this be so, then one can
appreciate more fully the policy that
brought, upon more than one occasion
during the annexation campaign, firm
but delicate pressure upon the United
States with threats of looking else
where for political alliances, and the
motive which actuated the annexation
correspondents most closely allied with
the syndicates in suggesting that un
less the United States took Hawaii
some other nation would.
It also explains that lingering hope,
which even now, on the very eve of the
consummation of the marriage between
the greater and the lessor republic, still
■ tni-frozen breasts of the
uians — that rescue and restoration
of the national honor will yet arrive
from Europe. Unfortunately, perhaps,
no arguments on the. futility of the
hope can for the present prevail against
that deep-rooted sentiment of the pr-o
v.ho conscientiously oppose an
nexation. They will drift down the tide
of time like the Legitimists of Europe,
whose thrones know them no longer as
occupiers, but merely as transient
ghosts of dimly remembered grandeur.
FOR A PACIFIC CABLE.
Conference of Colonial Officials Held
at Sydney.
SYDNEY, r. S. A.. An?. 21.-Right
Hon. Sir Hugh Muir Nelson. Premier of
Queensland: Rierht Hon. Sir George H.
Reid. Premier of New South' AVal'es: and
Right Hon. Sir George Turner, Premier
of "Victoria, met in conference on Satur
day and discussofi plans for a Pacific
ruble. They decided to make the definite
offer that if Great Britain and Canada
collectively would guarantee live-ninths
of the cost of laying the new cable they
would recommend to their respective
Legislatures to contribute one-ninth
each, asking New Zealand to contribute
the remaining one-ninth.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 22, 1893.
FULL PROTECTION
FOR CATHOLICS
Archbishop Ireland Is
Highly Pleased.
ASSURED BY THE PRESIDENT
NO TROUBLE ABOUT OUR NEW
POSSESSIONS.
Church Interests, His Grace Says,
Will Hiourjsh Better Under
Our Flag Than Ever
Before.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 21.— Archbishop
Ireland, who has been in the city for
several days, left to-night. During his
stay he has had several conferences
with President McKinley, with whom
his relations are of the most cordial
character. The Archbishop has declined
to discuss the significance of his calls
upcn the President, but it has been gen
erally understood that he was acting
in the Interest of the Cathcrlic church
for its protection in our new posses
sions. Archbishop Ireland dismisses as
without foundation the statements that
church matters are liable to cause dis
sensions. To the Associated Pre3s to
night he made the statement which fol
lows:
, "The church question in our new pcs- I
sessions offers no difficulty whatever. .
Two principles are already settled by
the constitution and laws of America:
There will be no union of church and :
state, such as !•> established by custom
or concord in certain Catholic countries
of Europe, but there will be complete
protection of all properties and of all
persons.
■With such principles Catholics in the
United States are satisfied, and Catho
lics in our jiew possessions will be sat
isfied. The so-called church question
need not be considered by military or
peace commissions. It is fully regu
lated the moment the nag of this coun
try is raised over a territory. The peo
ple of our new possessions understand,
I am sure, this matter very well and
will loyally accept the situation. It
may not be very easy for them at first
to adapt themselves in all cases to this
situation, but the embarrassments felt
will be temporary.
"The people will soon realize that It
is their duty to support religion by ;
voluntary and personal contributions. ;
In the greater number of parishes, <
moreover, church properties yield :
| ample revenue to meet all expenses.
The church everywhere in our new cos- j
sessions is thoroughly organized: it
wears no missionary or experimental
aspect, but has the full form and the
full 'strength of complete organization
■ and is well prepared to care for all her !
j interests without the help of state or !
! charitable aid. It demands no favor,
no privilege — naught but liberty and
i the legal protection of the natural and ,
civil rights of its members.
"Certain people who talk of these ter
ritories as fields for missionary efforts
• from the United States do not know
what they are talking about. They !
might with as much sense organize
j missions for the conversion of the j
' Catholics of Santiago, Havana or San i
i Juan — and their labors would have as |
much prospect of Buccess in Washing
ton as in those cities of Cuba and '
Pojrto Rico. The separation of the !
countries of South America from Sbain
and Portugal brought no change of re- \
ligion, nor will the separation of Cuba I
and Porto Rico from Spain bring any.
! Indeed, the Catholic church will flour- ]
'. ish better in Cuba and Porto Rico than
| in other territories formerly colonies of ',
' Spain, because in Cuba and Porto Rico j
| there will be the liberty and stability
I of order which our flag guarantees.
"Cuba and Porto Rico form an ec
j clesiastical province, with the Arch
1 bishop of Santiago as metropolitan and
: suffragan Bishop of San Juan and Ha
i vana. This province will take its place
| in the American heirarchy, just as does
! the province of Baltimore or that of St.
I Paul, making the fifteenth eccleslaa
| tical province in the United States, and
| bringing to our Catholic population an
addition of two and a half millions, nnt
to talk of islands in the Pacific; so,
I whatever else will come to America
from the late war, considerable in- j
i crease of numbers and power will rome
jto the Catholic church. As a Catholic
; I am very much satisfied with the way
things have been going — and as an
\:>vrican, I am, of course, thoroughly
satisfied. P.ut if I were to speak at
' length of my feelings as an American. |
I the interview would be too lengthy and I
I I stop at the religious feature of the
| situation."
SUICIDE AT OROVILLE.
Despondent Traveling Salesman Cuts
His Throat.
OROVILL.E, Aug. 21.— A Swede named
Stark, who was traveling for a tailoring
firm in Sacramento, this morning commit
ted suicide. He stripped himself naked,
took a small one-blade' 1 , iron-handled
penknife that was dull, placed himself in
front of a looking-glass and cut his throat
from ear to ear. The cut was not deep,
but he had severed the windpipe and bled i
almost to death before he was discovered.
The blood had then coagulated, and he
was taken to the Infirmary, where two
physicians closed and sewed the wound,
But the man only lived until 3 o'clock in
the afternoon. He left a note to a friend
saying he wat Bick and had not a dime,
so he thought the easiest way to end his
misery was to kill himself. |
DAWSON'S FIRST
OFFICIAL CENSUS
Sixteen Thousand the
Population.
SUBURBS ARE NOT INCLUDED
CROWDS CAMPED OUTSIDE THE
CITY LIMITS.
Throng of Helpless Tenderfeet Con
tinues to Grow and the Long
Arctic Winter Is Not Far
Distant.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
BY SAM W. WALL.
DAWSON CITY, N. W. T., Aug. 6.—
By order of Major Walsh a census of
the city of Dawson was taken last
Wednesday and 16,000 souls were count
ed within the town boundaries on that
day. The work was done by the
northwest mounted police, the city
being divided up into small districts
and the count was completed within
a few hours, so that, despite the un
settled condition of things, the fact
that four-fifths of the inhabitants live
in tents and nearly that proportion are
camped in such confusion as might be
expected to attend a stampede or the
retreat of a beaten army, it is believed
to be very close to the actual number
of people here. Five thousand more
are camped at the mouth of the Stew
art River, a few hours by the river
current from Dawson. Other thou
sands are camped at Little and Big
Salmon and the Pelly rivers.
I have been here a few more days
than six weeks and the scene
of this big bivouac remains un
changed. Thousands have gone
out, but other thousands have
taken their places. Building is going
on at a tremendous rate, but in pro
portion to the number of people who, if
they remain here, are yet to be housed,
it is nothing at all. The days are
shortening very rapidly. The long,
cold and dark winter is rapidly ap
proaching and still this big crowd sits
as in a trance, waiting for the L.ord
knows what. Eve,ry up-river boat
carries away as many as its decks will
hold, the passengers being stowed away
in any old way, fur the live days' trip,
there being no room for b-.'ds. The
earlier down-river boats are crowded,
but since the demonstration of the
practicability of the up-river route,
which is so much shorter, must of those
hurrying homeward go that way.
There are three small boats plying
from here up the river. They run
from here to White Horse Kapids,
where they connect (with a portage to
above the canyon) with boats to Ben
nett. They make the round trip in
about ten days. Their beat efforts
from now until the river closes will
scarcely make an impression on the
camp, although they will be more and
more crowded as the margin of the
summer nakrows. Nine-tenths of this
big crowd that is camped and idling
here does not know. what it is going to
do. Being asked they will plainly tell
you so. They came into this faraway,
isolated country with vaerue notions of
what they were to do and how they
were to do it when they, got here; ar
rived and face to face with the hard
conditions and the tremendous strug
gle for fortune that is going on here,
their uncertain plans are dissipated
and they sit in their tents and cook
their meals and sleep, drawing their
blankets a little closer about them as
the night grow colder and wait and
wait.
With the first fleck of snow, less
than six weeks hence, there will
probably be another such sailing of the
great flotilla as took place at Bennett
and La Barge less than six weeks ago.
The destination this time will be St.
Michael. But it takes money to get
"back to the States," even from St.
Michael, ani a great proportion of this
crowd lacks the required amount. Out
fits are being sold in every direction,
auction sales are in progress in al
must every block, afternoon and even
ing, and the prices of the great mass
of stuff that is sold is little if any above
that at which it was purchased away
back in some city of the States, and
the dragging of it over that terrible
"summit," over mountains and lakes
and rivers and through freight and
customs offices goes for nothing. This
sacrifice will go on and increase until
the time limit for getting out is
passed. ; /i ■
The price of certain provisions re
mains high, these being scarce and
especially desirable here, such as on
ions, potatoes and vegetables, that may
be obtained fresh. , Onions readily sell
at $1 a pound and potatoes at 50 cents.
Beef was offered to-day at 60 cents, it
having fallen from $1. The run of
salmon has begun and although the fish
are not in the finest ' condition after
their swim of 2000 miles from the sea,
they sold readily for $1 50 a pound at
first, but have since been bought at 25
cents. The price of meals at restau
rants is still kept up to Jl5O and $2 50.
A meal may be had for $1, but it is
scant and of a quality below that
served for. 5 cents in San Francisco. .
The Alaska Commercial Company's
steamer Bella has made the run to St.
Michael and return and brings little en
couraging news, concerning the new
boats upon which so many have under
taken to reach Dawson this summer. It
is reported that there are twenty-two
boats in various stages of construction
at and near St. Michael, and that some
twenty others are being built at Dutch
Harbor or Unalaska. Some of the com
panies operating these boats are mak
ing big preparations here to do busi
ness through them, but they do not
come. The Empire Line and the Alaska
Exploration Company are both building
big warehouses, but the boats that were
relied upon to bring the goods to store
in them are not even reported in the
river. Very many plans that were based
upon the arrival of these boats have
already gone to smash and It is freely
predicted that very many of the boats
will be unable to get their passengers
up the river, and that the experiences
of last winter, suffered by the passen
gers of the Hamilton, Seattle No. 1.
Merwin, Governor Stoneman, Hettie B,
the Dwyer and others, will be suffered
again by very many mare this winter.
It is almost a fixed superstition of the
river that no boat can make the ascent
above the flats from St. Michael at its
first attempt. But four boats have done
so this summer, demonstrating the ab
surdity of. that saying. Two of them,
the Monarch and the Sovereign,  be
longed to a company wholly new on the
river, the Columbia : . Navigation Com
pany, and the boats were In charge of
men who had never seen it before.
White men were in the pilot-houses.
Thus were destroyed at once all the set
tled beliefs of the river concerning the
navigation of this treacherous stream,
for it has long. been 5 held that only the
Indian who had grown familiar through
a life upon it could be trusted to pilot
a boat : through 5 its 1 shifting: ? channels.
It was shown that all that was neces
sary was tc be ready to take the water
while it was high enough and to put
competent boatmen in charge. The fail
ure to do- this by the men ,who have
enticed passengers to sail with them
by false statements and accepted
freight which they will be unable to
deliver will result in great suffering and
disaster and no doubt develop another
big cloud of damage suits next year.
The Seattle No. 3, which is long over
due, is not reported anywhere in the
river, and the eighteen tons of United
States mail which is in her care, or the
care of the company, is causing great
anxiety and disgust because of its non
arrival.
On the little steamer Flora of the
Bennett .Lake and Klondike Navigation
Company, which leaves for White Horse
Rapids to-night, Major Walsh, Com
missioner to the Northwest Territory,
is a passenger. He is the highest offi
cial in the Territory, and, going to Ot
tawa, he will make his report and re
tire from the service. Major Walsh has
profound faith in the great richness of
the Territory— believes it to be the rich
est camp in the world. He says that he
will urge upon Parliament the imme
diate betterment of many of the con
ditions here. The waterway will be
cleared, he says, of the rocks that have
caused so many wrecks at White Horse
and in Thirty-mile rivers. He thinks
a telegraph line will connect Dawson
with the rest of the world before an
other year, and that po-lice posts at in
tervals of thirty miles will make it a
comparatively easy matter to travel be
tween the "out" and "inside" this win
ter. He believes the camp is a fixture
for many years. The departure of Ma
jor Walsh is very generally regretted.
Before leaving the major commissioned
D. W. Davis, Dr. Richardson, Captain
of Police Sterns, Captain lilies and Pro
secuting Attorney Wade to serve as a
town committee, with full powers.
The Anglian, a small steamer of the
Canadian Development Company, ar
rived from Lake Teslin. She brought
seventy soldiers, whom she landed ajt
Fort Selkirk. She will now run regu- (
larly on the upper river. The Viola, the
smallest of the fleet of steamboats, has
also arrived from up the river, and the
Vivian. They report the finding of the
body of George Mulhern near the Little
Salmon.
Three Indians brought down from
Tagish have been tried and found guilty
of the murder of Billy Meecham early
in June. They will be hanged here on
the Ist of October.
A daughter was born on July 17 to
Mr. and Mrs. "Jim" Wardner of Ward
ner, Idahu. They recently arrived in a
small boat from Bennett. All the fam
ily are well and happy.
LIVING SKELETONS
CARRIED ABOARD
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA. Aug. 9.—To
ri;: y the first of our Spanish prisoners
were put on board the transport we
hay* hired to take them home. Ten
thousand of the men have been in
camp for more than three weeks, just
outside the city limits. They were
much nearer to the palace than our
own men. They were our prisoners and
we, one and all, avoided the roads that
led' near their camps because of the vile
odors that arose therefrom.
To-day, as the Spaniards passed
through* the city on the way to ihe
docks, we saw sights that brought
tears to the eyes of men who are not
readily moved to tears. Down on the
clocks, in the narrow stiiu of shade at
a warehouse, some 200 Spaniards
waited orders to move on to the lighter
which would convey them to thy mucn
talked-of Spanish hospital ship Ali
cante. These men were of a sickly pal
lo- hollow-cheeked, weak and thin.
"We are the men who haw brought
the sick into the town on litters," they
explained.
Down on the wharf, being loaded on
the steam lighter Bessie, we~e long
lines of stretchers, each with its pitl.tl
burden— faces that looked like death's
heads, every line of the skull marked
on the yellow skin, protruding- teeth
over which lips would not close. One
man grasped, in a claw that had crush
ed them, three American hardtacks.
Others had food hidden under their
Bcant covering. Their weight was as
nothing, yet four well men staggered
under the burden of one stretched
Down the city streets came other
processions of stretchers. Vanquished
und sick, moaning, staggering, they
drifted into the town ill day long.
When the city surrendered the pros
pective return to Spain brought joy to
many hearts. The fulfillment of the
promise was sad.
The American ambulances have been
detailed to help carry those unable to
walk, and we have erected tents on the
docks where the sick can wait until the
lighter is ready for them.
"It was not a camp out there," said a
Spanish officer, "it was a graveyard.
Between two and three hundred" went
into the hospital daily. It was not a
hospital — there were no medicines, there
was no attendance. Forty men were
dying every day, and the trenches are
full of the dead. We have saved you
many a $20 for passage money to
Spain. There are 9000 out there yet —
nnly a thousand came in to-day — but
thiy won't last long. Dysentery — camp
dysentery we call it. and it 's worse
than the plague — is carrying them off."
A white-haired officer, with stars and
bands on his sleeves, but so thin and
weak and pale that he looked more like
a skeleton than a man, walked down
the wharf, supported by his wife, who
was as much in need of support as he
was himself. Over a loose board they
both trippod and fell. There are two
young children in the party who cry
almost continuously. Finally they all
got on board, the women to spend ten
clays on a filthy, horrible troop ship.
There are many women going thus,
wives of officers, who cannot pay for
a passage.
These Spanish troop ships bid fair to
rival old-timo slave ships in the mis
ery and sufferings that will be con
fined within their sides on the voyage
back to Spain.
Our own soldiers were sick, but the
conditions of th.c Spaniards are many
times worse than those of our men,
who seem strong and heaithy compared
with thorn. The Spaniards were not
in this condition when they moved to
their death camp just three weeks ago.
Just how far we are expected to pro
vide care for a vanquished foe is a
question now being discussed in this
town. Kvery one admits and has ad
mitted that the Spaniard has been a
good enemy, a good fighter, and the
Americans who took off their hats to
the Spanish on the 17th of July did so
with true homage to brave men. As
the pitiful lines of Spanish prisoners
stagger through the streets of the city
for the next week or so, feebly step
ping out of the way of -edestrians.
looking fearfully at rattling carts and
In sad contrast to our strong men in
brown, the American? who see them
will be inclined to again uncover their
heads, prompted by the same feeling of
homage to brave men.
POPE HOLDS A BECEPTION.
Seems to Have Begained His Good
Health ana Spirits.
ROME, Aug. 21.— The Pope to-day held
a reception in honor of his saint's day.
Many prelates, nobles and representatives
of Catholic associations were in atten
dance. His Holiness appeared to be in
good health and spirits, and in spite of
the length of the reception, which lasted
an hour and a half, showed no signs of
fatigue. He was the recipient of a large
number of gifts.
RUSSELL BRINGS
THE CHALLENGE
Represents Sir Thomas
Lipton.
EN ROUTE TO NEW YORK
WILL BE BOTJRKE COCKRAN'S
GUEST.
Talks of the Motive Which Prompted
an Irish Yachtsman to Seek
to Win the Amer
ica's Cup.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
QUEBEC, Aug. 21.— Hon. Charles
Russell, the son of Lord Russell of
Killowen, is here, the bearer of a chal
lenge from Ireland to all yachtsmen in
America for the America's cup. Mr.
Russell arrived in Quebec on Friday
and is the guest of Solicitor General
Charles Fltzpatrick. He will leave to
morrow for New York, where he will
be the guest of Bourke Cockran. The
challenger is confident the details of
the race will be speedily arranged. To
the Associated Press representative he
said:
"The desire to challenge for the cup
Is not a new idea with Sir Thomas
Lipton. Twelve years ago he made
the proposition to the Cork Yacht Club
to challenge with an Irish yacht, but
at the time there were difficulties in
the way and the contest was not
brought about."
"Does Sir Thomas intend to put his
own yacht into the proposed contest?"
Mr,. Russell was asked.
"No," he said. "Sir Thomas does
not own a racing yacht at the present
time, but he has always taken a lively
interest in yacht racing and is a mem
ber of several yacht clubs. In fact,
he has always been in all forms of
sports."
'What is his motive for issuing the
challenge at this time?"
"Sir Thomas' view is this: England
and Scotland have had repeated oppor
tunities to compete for the trophy and
have failed, but Ireland has had no
chance. He thinks Ireland should no
longer remain the Cinderella of the
family, and, in yachting at any rate,
should take her proper place among
the nations of the earth. The yacht
will be built in Ireland and she is to
be called the Shamrock. Her crew
will be Irish and she is to be built in
the yards of Harland & Y\'olf, Bflfast.
Right Hon. W. J. Pierre, the chief part
ner, is taking the greatest possible in
terest in the matter. His firm is the
builders of the White Star liners."
SENSATIONAL LIBEL
AGAINST THE NOYO
Captain of the Steamer Charged With
Attempting to Sink the W.
H. Evans.
SEATTLE, Aug. SL—ln the United
States District Cour^ a sensational libel
for $24,000 damages has been filed against
the steamer Noyo, said to be owned by
Kiinball & Co. of San Francisco. The
Lewis-Klondike Expedition Company of
Baltimore brings the action. The latter
company owns the river steamer W. H.
Evans, which the Noyo was under con
tract to tow to St. Michael. Captain W.
H. Edgett. master of the Noyo, is charged
with having attempted to sink the Evan?
at the mouth of the straits, again off
Dixons Entrance, and later cut her loose
at Howcan Island, where she was badly
damaged and has not since been able to
reach the Yukon.
PROTESTS TO SPAIN.
England Objects to Erection of Forts
Near Gibraltar.
MADRID, Aug. 21.— 1n the course of an
Interview had lnst night with a mem
ber of the Cabinet by a representative of
the Associated Press, the Minister said
England had presented a note to Spain
asking: for explanations on the subject
of the fortifications being erected by
Spain near Gibraltar which, the note de
clares, are unjustified, in view of the
good relations existing between the two
countries.
Spain is absolutely quiet. Don Carlos
has given his partisans strict orders not
to commit acts of rebellion, while the
divisions among the Republicans render
that party powerless.
Mme. de MacMahon HI.
PARIS. Aug. 21.— Marechale de Mac-
Mahon, widow of the famous soldier, had
a stroke of paralysis on Monday while
visiting her son-in-law, Comte de Pierres,
at the Chateau de Cairon. Mme. de
MacMahon is slowly recovering.
_ -.-.-__:_' ADVERTISEMENTS.
4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 + 4-4- 4 4- 4 4- + 4-4-4-4- 4 4-4-44.
I: /^ssw AN HONEST OFFER :
j ;fe.*JO;]iP:ONLY! j
§AN HONEST OFFER I
JO MEN ONLY ! :
To Men Who Suffer From the Effect* +
M^^^^s^^^^ of Past Mistakes— Whose Vitality is +
gj[r Gradually Wasting— To Those Par- £
4 mMvMwip ticularly Who Have Drugged in Vain +
t \W% I 'mMr' — This Is a Fair Offer. ;^
4. . . . 1- ■ — ■ ;/ '. . 4-:
+ I have nothing to give free — nobody gives value for nothing — but I £
+ want to prove to every honest man that my Electric Belt, known and praised +
4. in every hamlet in the land, does cure and has cured in thousands of cases +.
4 this weakening drain upon young men. There have been published in my 4-
4 book, in the daily papers and by other means over 5000 voluntary state- 4-
♦V ments from men who told of their cures of this wasting weakness by my 4-
♦ Belt. OVER 5000. ♦
: I Will Pay $1000 in Gold :
T To the man or woman who will disprove one of these 5000 and odd testi. *
+ monials. I have the original letters or the signed statements of each man +.
4- on file, and will be glad to show them to any honest seeker for truth. . 4i
: It Is an Electric Life-Giver. :
+ This wonderful Beit of mine. pours energy into the weakened parts 4-
4- during the night, while the patient sleep*, developing the nerves and 4-
"*" muscles and restoring the old vigor, the snap and power of man. "♦"•
4- READ THE BOOK, "THREE CLASSES OF MEN." £
4: It is free, sealed, by mail. It is full of these grateful letters. Send or 4-'
♦ call for it. Free test of the Belt at the office. Call or direct 4-
> DR. A. T. SANDEN, *~ HOT IH DRilB .. Tn . t . » :
* ji«x U k.t8M.t.c.n,.,i..n. y .8..r™d.... BUf IN BHU6 STORES. , +.
4 - Office hours, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 Dr. Sanden's Electric . Belt •' "♦"
4- to . L ' ; .: Branches '. at Lob Angeles; Cal. , 204^ ' = -\ : Is never : sold In ~ drug ; stores 4.
.: South ; Broadway;. Portland, Or., 253 Washing- nor by traveling agents; only
"*" ton street: Denver. Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; at our office. ■•■•.,. +.
4. Dallas. Tex..' 2Bs Main street. it- ■- ' " ;" ',—:, — : :: — '——.^ ,
NEW GOLD FINDS «
AND STAMPEDES
Rush From Dawson City
to Forty Mile.
THOUSANDS PULL UP STAKES
OBJECTIVE POINT ON AMERI
CAN SIDE.
Other Rich Strikes Reported on the
East Fork of the Skaguay
and Pine Creek Dig
gings.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Aug. 21. — Returning
steamers from Alaska to-day brinar
news of new gold finds and stampedes.
On the Dirigo was George Alexander
of Dungeness, Wash., who has just re
turned by the rivers from the Klon
dike. He says:
"Just before we left rich discovert
were reported from the north fork uf
Forty Mile Creek, on the American
side. On August 2 and 3 a stampede
of fully 500 men left Dawson in small
boats for the new diggings. They were
mostly newcomers, on the verge of
desperation. They welcomed the re
port as a godsend and immediately set
sail for Forty Mile. It is believed that
several thousand men will leave Daw
son for the district that in 1896 was al
most deserted for the Klondike dis
trict." -
Passengers on the steamer George W.
Elder bring the news of a new find at
the foot of the glacier on the east fork
of the SXaguay River, about 229 miles
from Skaguay around the trail. A. \Y.
Davis, formerly from San Francisco,
says:
"On August 1 two prospectors named
Noyes and Patchen came into Skaguay
with $1000 in gold of the highest qual
ity, and which, they claimed they took
out in a few days from the east fork
of the river. A stampede immediately
followed among those left in Dyea and
Skaguay."
Mr. Davis states that the most en
couraging reports are received from the
new diggings on Pine ('reek. The day
before he left a miner came into bka
quay with $1400 in gold from the creek.
DEATHS AT THE FRONT.
Shafter's Daily Report on the Condi-
tion of His Army.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 21.— General Shaf
ter's daily report of the health conditions
of the troops at Santiago, received to
night, follows:
SANTIAGO DE CUBA. Aug. 21.—Adju
tant General of the Army. Washington:
Sanitary report for August 21: Total sick.
1025: total fever cases, 698; number new
fever cases, 75; fever cases returned to
duty. 129.
Deaths August 19: Private Norman Mc-
Millan, Company M, Seventy-first New
York Infantry, yellow fever.
Private Frank E. Sharp, Company C,
Thirty-third Michigan, typhoid fever.
Private Moseley Games, Troop B. Tenth
Cavalry, typhoid fever.
Corporal Walter C. Jarvis. Company A,
Ninth Infantry, pernicious malarial fever.
Private Richard Rique. Company C,
Ninth Infantry, typhoid fever.
Justice W. Harwood, civilian, acute dys
entery.
John C. Wright, civilian, pernicious ma
larial fever.
F. N. Naftzger. Company D, Eighth
Ohio, yellow fever.
August 20: Private August L. Johnson,
Company E, Thirty-fourth Michigan, ty
phoid fever.
James S. Smith. Company B, Second In
fantry, yellow fever.
SHAFTER, Major General.
TWO VESSELS SUNK.
FALMOUTH, Enff.. Aug. 21.— The Brit
ish steamer Toledo, Captain Wishart,
which sailed from Galveston on July 20
for Rotterdam, struck on Grim Rock,
Sicily Islands, last night in a dense fog
and foundered almost immediately in
twenty-five fathoms of water. There
was just time to launch a large boat, and
all word saved, many clad in their night
clothes only.
The Toledo was built in Sunderland in
1882 for John Tully. Her net register was
1810 tons, gross register 2843 tons. She
was 301 feet long by 42.1 feet in breadth
and 28.3 feet depth of hold.
ALDENBERG, Eng., Aug. 21.— Tha
Norwegian bark Nimbus, Captain Nickel
son, for Sunsfel, Sweden, was sunk oft
here to-day in a collision with an un
known steamer. No lives were lost. The
Nimbus arrived at London on July 23
from Tadlusec, Quebec.
Bank of Spain's Report.
MADRID, Aug. 21.— The Bank of Spain's
report for the week ended yesteraay
shows the following changes: Gold on,
hand, increase, 1.741,000 pesetas; silver In
hand. Increase. 4.467,000 pesetas; notes in
circulation, decrease, 5,687,000 pesetas.SULPHUROUS
FUMES DEVASTATE
SHASTA COUNTY
The Mountain Copper Company
Roasts Ore in the Open
at Keswick.
Poisonous Vapor Destroys Forests and
Ruins Orchards— Ranchers in
Despair.
SOa_it is only a simple little chemi
■ cal formula, looking quite innocent and
■■*• harmless in print; yet, when let loose
•'fey man's agency upon an unsuspecting
• vegetable world it means terrible mis
: chief. This compound, sulphurous acid,
is capable of destroying tree and plant
and shrub, every living thing which
•. tfomes in its way. Flowers may not
•'. bloom nor fruit ripen within the sphere
V of its dread influence, while the flrs of
•'-..{he" forest, which once coated the hill
' side' with beautiful evergreen, sink into
..ugly withered insignificance.
These things the people of Shasta
: County are beginning to find out and
' their indignation grows daily.
:. . Some three years ago a great English
corporation possessed of inexhaustible
- means took possession of a mine which
■ ' -was being worked with but indifferent
" success on the Iron Mountain. The
".ore was wonderfully rich, it contained
not only copper and iron, but also sil
\ r • and gold. But the former pro
. jprietbr's, for lack of proper appliances,
; -had contented themselves with merely
■.■.extracting the two precious metals,
•leaving the more valuable copper and
.'lron behind.
..'.:'• The English company, possessed of
. ample capital and every appliance
.'.known to scientific mineralogy, soon
changed all this. Keswick, a little town
' . a few miles north of Redding and some
seven miles from the mine, was select
ed as the site for the smelting works,
and Keewick to-day bears awful testi
mony to the triumph of ruthless capital
ov.er innocent nature. I do not know
..whether Keswick was ever a pretty
- place, or whether it was even a place
at* all before the smelting works came
' there, but to-day it certainly looks as
if the Deity had learned to ignore its
.existence.
• Imagine the hideous newness of a
-mining camp combined with the noisy
•tinkling vice of the Barbary Coast.
: Bare unpainted wooden houses and
'■shahties are scattered all over the bar
.'• ren 'hillside without any apparent ar
■': rangement, for as yet there are more
'! vacant allotments than dwellings in
■:■ the. township. The place centers upon
;-a high v/ooaen fence, which marks the
■ -boundary of the smelting works. Upon
.'.the gate is announced, with true Brit
*• ish: conservatism, the fact that the
: •ground within is private property and
•'■ that- no trespassers will be permitted.
: .V.B.tJH, .despite the threatening inscrip
• ii'en, the gate stands wide open, and
..anybody who chooses may walk in
: .4hd out.
».. ;- Close to the entrance Is a long line
' ' : .p'f" wooden shanties, each of which is
•■-..a"-g in mill of. the lowest description.
•".Though it is not yet high noon, beery,
•' :.Airishaved.men lounge about the side
' ,h'va-lk, and stagger in and out of the
'.dens', holding, after the manner of
•'. drunken men, loud and aimless discus-
V. sions upon nothing in particular. The
■ works run day and night, consequent
; ly there are always a number of men
• oft duty, and the saloons are never
V.erhpty. Occasionally, to vary the mo
. ■ notony of everlasting beer, there is a
' free fight, and the one doctor, who lives
: . in the only decent hotel the place
.-.•.possesses. Just over the way, is called
• : "upon to patch a broken head, or to sew
•up an ugly jagged wound caused by
.'a. bo trie. Shooting cases are rare. The
..'.bottle or the knife is the favorite
'.- .-weapon. The pop, pop, pop of a shoot
• i-ng gallery indicates the only form of
•'•, innocent recreation available, while
.'.farther down the hill, where the com
v party's fence rises to double its usual
"height, is a large wooden building, in
-.''•which the scarlet woman holds sway.
-.:-th'e midday sun shines with overpow
•eri'ng heat on the unsheltered place.
. .There is not a flower or a green thing
=-. to' be seen; even the firs on the hill
side .hang their withered brown tassels
; In. despair. No form of vegetation can
.-..jgrow in such an accursed spot. Only
. ■ man. impelled by need or greed, strives
.'.to drag on a miserable existence there.
• ■'•: Though the air is clear, there is a
• 'noticeable smell of sulphur everywhere,
.'. just as if some one had struck a match
under your nose. The residents don't
-.notice it. "This is nothing." said a
.; drled-up looking man. as he tilted his
. -chair back on the veranda. "It's a
•dry day. Walt till we get some wet
:.. weather and then you will see the
"fumes settle down on the town like a
.....spall, .and almost choke the life out of
■ you." .
. : .:I 'declined the invitation, for even on
\a- clear hot day there was quite as
.•".much sulphur about as was pleasant.
The hill slopes sharply down from the
: .town Into a deep canyon, and here,
. ; irestling round the banks of what was
-'..once a clear mountain stream, rise
.huge sheds and tall iron chimneys. The
s.tream has long since disappeared.'
•Viscid pools of ugly looking yellow, and
. • gray slime have taken its place, but it
"Is worth noticing that the gully drains
•"into .the Sacramento. When the rainy
.season y sets in, and a Hood of water
rushes down the canyon, all this refuse
• must' bo washed down into the river,
polluting the beautiful stream and de
stroying the fish for many miles.
From the tall chimneys of the smelter
clouds of blue vapor pour forth day and
! night. But this Is not the worst of it.
High up on the opposite hillside,
clothed only with the stems of dead flrs,
rises another cloud of smoke. This is
i the real source of the trouble, for here,
; by the primitive process of open-air
; roasting, are produced those sulphur
ous fumes which are rapidly blighting
the whole countryside. Any one who
! has been in the manufacturing States
of the East or in England has seen
what is generally termed a "black
country-" A place of barren desolation,
; of slag heaps and ore dumps, where no
I green thing grows, and where day and
: night the furnaces and factory ctaim
| neys pour forth their poisonous smoke.
This is what Keswick looks like to-day
and in ten years' time, if something is
'■■ not done, the greater part of Shasta
County will present a similar appear
ance.
To understand the reasons for this
iwe must look into tne process cm
i ployed by the Mountain Copper Com
pany. The ore is brought from the mine
! by a private line of railway and in the
: first instance is dumped down on the
. hillside. Its main constituents are
| copper and iron sulphides, as well as
I a small percentage of gold and silver.
j Before smelting the ore the sulphur
: must be extracted by roasting. Re
| gardless of the welfare of the country
jor the health of the residents round
! about, the company has adopted the
] simplest and cheapest method of doing
this. The ore is just burned in the open
i air and SC2 in enormous Quantities
1 set free to devastate the land. Sulphur
j ous acid, it may be remarked, is of no
j use to the company, it has no com
; mercial value and cannot be turned
i Into dividends. Consequently while it
■ keeps the gold and the silver the cop
j per and the iron for the enrichment of
i its shareholders in England it gener
j ously presents the poisonous residue to
California, The bargain is rather too
one-F : led to be fair.
A spot is selected on the hillside and
a thick layer of firewood put down. A
great pile of ore is dumped on top of
this, making a mound some six feet
high and of any length desired. When
I the fire is once properly started the
ore will go on burning itself, smold
i ering away for a month or more. Flow
i ers of sulphur, hideous travesties of
| nature's fairer work, form on the sur
' face, the fumes which rise are almost
| suffocating. One cannot stay in the
i neighborhood. Of course the men work
i ing there get somewhat used to the air. j
| though none of them can endure the oc
cupation for long. There are any num
ber of these poisonous fires scattered
about the hillside, and as the works
' put through from five hundred to seven :
; hundred tons of ore per day some Idea ]
\ may be formed of the amount of sul-
p hurous acid given off. Down below !
the finer portion of the ore is treated
in a Ropp calcining furnace, but the
result Is much the same, for the fumes i
i all escape into the open air through i
1 chimneys.
There are from 1000 to 1200 men em- J
! ployed at the works, yet it is a sig
i niflcant fact that few of them remain :
at the occupation continuously. The
foremen, the mechanics, the better j
paid class of skilled workmen, may ;
marry and settle down in one of the i
company's little cottages, but the great j
I bulk of the labor is of the vagrant !
! type. Men of all nationtlities. Dagos '
i and Dutchmen, Irishmen and Cornish- j
i men, drop in here, and as long as a [
j man is strop- enough for the trying :
i labor he is rarely refused employment.
! Workmen of this class are never too
i plentiful, and the company is glad to j
secure whom it can, at a wage of about ,
$2 50 a day. But hard labor under j
such conditions soon saps a man's vi- ]
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 22, 1898.
tality, the miserable wrecks one sees
about the beer saloons bear eloquent
testimony to the fact. Nearly every
man with whom I spoke told me that j
he was only waiting until he had saved j
enough money to get away. For the
credit of the State, it should be men
tioned thatHhere are very few Cali
fornians engaged in this degrading la
bor. Our men are above this kind of
work, and are to be found only in the
ranks of the skilled artisan.
Travel around the country anywhere
within a radius of ten or twelve miles
and you will find ample evidence of
the destructive effect of thes^ fumes.
The fir trees on the slopes are with- j
ered and brown, even the oaks, which j
have stood the visitation longest, are i
giving way. The manzanita bushes
and the chaparral of the undergrowth
are dried up, and it only requires the
slightest spark to start a destructive
bush fire. Consequently during this
dry weather fires are of daily occur
rence. It may be the carelessness of
a camper, who leaves the embers un
covered; it may be the design of a
prospector, who wishes to lay bare the
ledges and render his search for the
precious metal easy. But whatever
the reason, the spark to start a fire is
rarely wanting, and the hills around
Shasta are rapidly being denuded of
their timber.
Naturally the residents of this old
established mining town, which is only
some three miles from the smelters,
1 are extremely indignant, though, for
I reasons which can readily be under
! stood, they are very cautious in giving
expression to their indignation. They
'■ will talk freely enough in confidence,
i but they Invariably extort a promise
! that their name shall not appear in
i print. A good many people from the
; works live in Shasta; there are local
! and business interests to be considered,
and no one cares to declare himself
the pronounced enemy of such a great
corporation. "I will give Shasta just
I ten years to become as barren as Kes
wick," said one resident, "that is, if a
bush' fire does not destroy it before."
"There is more sickness in the town
than was ever known before," says an
other. "People get carried off by
some mysterious complaint, and we j
j can only attribute it to the fumes."
Between Shasta and Iron Mountain
! there was formerly a prosperous ranch
i kept by a man named Welsh. He had j
■ a fine orchard and supplied Shasta with
I all the fruit it required. But as soon j
i as the smelters started his whole crop
was destroyed, even thf fruit which
! had already ripened on the trees was
! found uneatable, being strongly im
pregnated with sulphur fumes. He had"
to abandon the ranch and brought an
action against the company for dam
apes. The corporation, following its
! usual policy, bought him out, and noth
| ing more was heard of the matter.
Another still more pitiful instance
! occurred just outside Shasta. Two
j old residents. Messrs. Stolberg and
Mauser, cultivated an orchard there for
' many years. But the trees grew old,
• the fruit trade was no longer profitable,
j so they decided that almonds would
ROASTING ORE IN THE OPEN AIR.
'be the thing. They dug up their old
i trees and put in almonds, and for a
i time all went well. The trees were just
beginning to bear, and the prospect of
large quantities of salable nuts cheered
j the old men's hearts. Just then the
i smelter came along, and with the first
I fumes their hopes vanished. The al
i mond trees, from which so much was
J expected, withered as soon as the dead
! ly blight fell upon them, and the old
: men were ruined.
Though the busy town of Redding is
i some seven miles from the works It
,' feels the effects of the fumes even more
markedly than Shasta. Redding is a
: strictly commercial place; its citizens
i derive profit in many ways from the
; smelters and the men who work them.
So they don't like to say too much,
but they admit that on a -wet day, if
the wind happens to be in the right
direction, the shrubs and flowers in
their gardens shrivel up under the
poisonous fumes. The sulphur even at
j tacks the paint on their houses, fruit
growing in the neighborhood has been
I abandoned, and more than one neg
i lected and deserted ranch gives mute
' evidence to the destructive effects of
I SO2.
Whether the small amount of busl-
I ness brought them by the smelters is
! sufficient compensation for the destruc
| tion of their orchards and farms is the
i question now agitating the citizens of
; Shasta County. Outside the storekeep
ing element there is only one answer.
The agricultural development of Shasta
has been rather backward, owing to
the fact that most of its residents were
; absorbed in mining pnrsuits. But dur
ing the last few years, when prospect
ing ceased to be profitable, a new era
i began. Many small ranches were
I cleared and planted, orchards were al
| ready beginning to bloom, and a great
] expansion in the legitimate trade of the
I district was looked for. Shasta has
! abundance of rich land which will well
'■. repay culture, and it was expected that
i the fruit-growing industry would find
j a home there, covering the land with
' verdant orchards. This forward move
! ment was already under way when
| came the smelters, and the future of
Shasta vanished under the blight of the
i sulphurous fumes.
The county rejoices In a magnificent
1 climate, having neither the excessive
cold of the mountains nor the wither
ing heat of the valleys. Pretty well
I everything in the way of fruit and
, vegetables could be grown profitably,
: and there is abundance of timber in the
; ranges, sugar pine, yellow pine, spruce
j and fir, which might in time be brought
jto market. At present this lumber is
, too far from the railway, is too inacces
sible, to be worked profitably, but when
j the more easily reached forests have
; been used up its value will be enor
mous. That is, if there is any left after
the fumes from the smelter have put. in
; their work. A tree once touched by this
j poisonous breath not only closes its
; leaves and dies, but its very trunk de
j cays under the foul Influence, and the
I wood becomes useless, even for fire- J
wood. It is no wonder that the resi
dents despair; unless the e,yll is
checked there is nothing before the
country but barren desolation, over
hung by a cloud of sulphurous smoke.
The matter has not altogether es
caped the attention of the Government,
for some time ago H. C. Cullom, a
brother of the Senator, was sent here
to inquire into the condition of affairs.
His report was decidedly adverse to the
smelters, and in consequence an injunc
tion to restrain the company from its
death-dealing operations was applied
for in the Federal courts. But some
how or other the matter has got hung
up, and while lawyers are still wrang
ling over tedious questions of jurisdic
tion the poisoning of the countryside
goes on unchecked. In some mysterious
way it has become remarkably difficult
to procure witnesses who will testify to
the evil effects wrought by the fumes,
and it is quite evident that the corpo
ration is going to make a strong fight
for the privilege of devastating one of
the most fertile portions of California.
If the State benefited to any extent
by these operations we might possibly
consider whether it was worth while
to give up a certain area of land to
the destructive smelters. But, as far
as I can gather, California gains but
little by having this industry settled
in her midst. The capital employed is
wholly foreign, and the dividends
earned— no one knows how large they
are _ n ecessarily go abroad. Most of
the stores required by the company are
Imported. It spends as little as possi
ble in the land whence It derives
its wealth. Even the refining of the
ores Is not done here, for the matte is
sent to the company's works at New
ark N. J-, for treatment. What re
turn then, does California receive for
the damage done to her forests and
orchards?
The corporation can only point to the
town of Keswick, the offspring of the
smelters— and I have already said
enough about its character to convince
any impartial observer that the State
would be much better off without any
town of the kind. Also the corpora
tion gives employment to several hun
dred vagrant laborers, who never
would be missed if they left us for
ever In return for these concessions
the company takes all that is of value
in the Iron Mountain ore and exports
it, leaving only the poisonous element
behind.
The solution of the problem is easy.
If the smelters are to continue work
ing at Keswick they should be com
pelled to absorb their own fumes.
Chemical science has made the task
possible. It is a pure matter of ex
pense. I asked Mr. Freeland, the
smelting superintendent, why some
steps were not taken to condense the
fumes and prevent their widespread
distribution over the country. His
answer was evasive. "It could be
done," he replied, "but only at prohibi
tive expense. That is to say, the
scheme is not commercially practica
ble. If we had to condense our fumes
it would not pay us to smelt the ore
at all."
If this Is so. and the matter is by no
means certain, then California would
be much better off without any smelt
i ers of the kind. But probably, if legal
pressure were brought to bear, the
company might find that there were
, means available for condensing the
fumes without ruinous outlay. Per
haps the dividends paid to the English
shareholders might be a trifle less, but
i still, if the thing had to be done, It
would be done. That it will not be
done, except under absolute compulsion,
is equally certain. If the law courts
fail to grant an injunction, then the
pressure of public opinion must be
I brought to bear, and legislation en-
I acted which will force the company to
I abandon its assumed right to devastate
! one of the fairest portions of the State.
J. F. ROSE-SOLEY.
BEATS OUT THE BRAINS
OF HIS TWO BABES
Revolting Murder Committed by a
Supposed Insane Resident of
Paris.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, Aug. 21.— A murder under
most sensational and revolting circum
i stances has been committed by a man
j named De Blauder. living in a small
i apartment in the Rue Gutenburg. He
| took his two little girls, Jeanne, aged
; four, and Germaine, aged scarcely
'■ three, into a moat of the Paris fortifl
i cations, tied handkerchiefs tightly
i around their necks, and then seizing
them by the legs battered their heads
against the ground. When they ap
peared dead he took to flight.
The diabolical act appears so utterly
I purposeless that It can be attributed
] only to temporary insanity, probably
1 due to heavy drinking, aggravated by
| the hot weather.
INCREASED MORTALITY
DUE TO THE HEAT
Number of Deaths in Paris Average
Upward of Two Hundred
a Day.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, ISSB, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, Aug. 21. — The thermometer Is
not the only thing that has risen this
week. The death list also is higher
than usual. For the past few days the
figures have been between 200 and 220
a day. This is much greater than the
average. Yesterday, for example,
there were 212 funerals. As may be
imagined, infants have formed the bulk
of these deceases. Indeed, about half
have been children. The heat has, in
fact, been terrible. We are not ac
customed to hot waves of this inten
sity and relief does not seem close at
hand. Xj
CHINESE PROBLEM
MUST BE SOLVED
Asiatic Competition in
Hawaii.
EVILS OF CONTRACT LABOR
COOLIES REMAIN WHEN THEIB
TERMS EXPIRE.
Engage in Other Ventures to the
Discomfiture of Whites Instead
of Beturning to Their
Native Land.
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, Aug. 10.— One day last
month there appeared In The Call an
elaborate Interview with Representa
tive and Congressional Commissioner
Robert R. Hitt, in which Mr. Hitt was
reported as having said in reference to
the Chinese problem:
"This is a most difficult problem, but
I trust not an insoluble one. My un
derstanding is that most of the China
men and Japanese are there under con
tract, and that they will steadily tend
to go back to their homes when the
contracts expire."
How very little even Intelligent Con
gressmen know on this subject may be
illustrated very briefly. There were
at the last census (1896)— and the num
ber for the present is dally reducing)
10,941 unskilled Chinese laborers in the
country, of which number in December,
1896, there were employed on the sugar
plantations 5289; 1915 as day laborers
and 4374 contract laborers. In Decem
ber, 1897, there were 8114 employed, out
of which number 6398, the largest num
ber ever engaged as such, were con
tract laborers. As no Chinese were im
ported since that date the number of
contract laborers has been materially
reduced, and in the ordinary course of
events, and unless advantage is taken
of Minister Cooper's bill of the last j
session to introduce other large i
batches, their three-year contracts will
rapidly expire. The other ten thou
sand (roughly speaking) Chinese are
divided, like other aliens, among other
pursuits, especially raising rice, fruits,
vegetables, pigs, ducks and fowl and
fishing, and in all the mechanical
trades. They are also deserting their
contracts in large numbers to join the
coffee planters.
It is not so much the number of the
Chinese coolie laborers that we dread
now as the possibility of being swamp
ed with more who, in course of time,
will follow the example of their pre
decessors and overcrowd the cities and
compete, as they are even now most
disastrously doing, with mechanics,
artisans and tradesmen. We would be
willing to concede to the sugar, rice
and coffee industries well regulated
coolie labor if it is conclusively proved
that respectable white labor cannot be
obtained at reasonable rates of wages,
but the people feel that no honest ef
fort has been made to solve this prob
lem, owing to the cost of importing
competent labor and the necessity, as
the planters claim, of paying wages
which insure to them commensurate
profits. All will admit that no coun- ;
try has ever expended so much money
on labor experiments as has Hawaii
in proportion to her wealth and pop
ulation. Whether Congress will solve
the knotty problem remains to be
seen.
Another interesting matter for the
Congressional Commissioners to con
sider will be the status of the Hawai
ian Chinese. Seven hundred and over
have been naturalized, for under the
old laws no alien could marry a Ha
waiian woman without first becoming
a citizen of the country, and recently
no less than 1600 Chinese children have
been registered in the Chinese Bureau !
of the Foreign Office as having been
born in Hawaii, and curiously enough j
the eldest of four of these children was
1 born thirty-seven years ago. The first
recorded Chinese naturalization was in
1845.
The view that the Chinese in Hawaii
take of themselves may be foregathered
from a memorial which they will pre
sent to the Corr" issioners and in which i
they thus speak of themselves in art- ,
vocating an impartial consideration of
their future status under the American
flag: They will assert that under the
laws of Hawaii they have, notwith
standing the fact that there never have
existed treaty relations between the
empire of China and Hawaii, fully and
freely enjoyed the same rights and
privileges in regard to person and prop
erty as the citizens or subjects of the
most favored nations having treaty re
lations with Hawaii, with the exception
that they have not openly enjoyed the
privilege of political representation In !
the conduct of the affairs of the coun- j
try; they have been admitted to clti- !
zenship by naturalization; they have
intermarried with the natives of the
country and have had children born to
them in the land; they have expended
large sums of money and much labor
In the reclamation of waste and bar
ren lands and have done much to fos
ter and insure the commercial and in
dustrial resources of the Hawaiian
Islands; they have learned your lan
guage, and many have adopted your
civilization, religion and dress; their
children have been educated in your
churches, schools and colleges; they
have established and aided in establish
ing Christian churches, schools, hos
pitals. Young Men's Christian Associa
tions and other kindred societies; they
have watched over their own sick and
poor and contributed generously to the
wants of other nationalities, and aided
in all public enterprises for the henefit
of Hawaii Nel; they have contributed
very largely to the revenues of the
country and their progressive influence,
from knowledge gained here, has been
beneficially felt in their own land. To
them is largely due the prosperity of
Hawaii to-day through their labor de
veloping the sugar and rice plantations,
the fruit farms and vegetable gardens
and the great shipping business and
commercial relations with the Orient
of which they were the pioneers. To
them Hawaii has become endeared as
their adopted home by the kindness and
fair treatment of many years, and their
long sojourn here has been marked with
amity and the absence of all discord
ant influences. In commercial and so
cial life tt\ey have been respected and
esteemed, and as obeyers of the law
they have been the equals of any other
nationality.
Some men are always out when their
country calls.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children,
Tie hi- rf .
Halls s*7jr< s/ tTjt „ — fc«
OF 1 INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any of the Following Firms Please Mention "The Call. "
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE. j
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrtlstlc Furniture and (krt Ware Importers,
117 SUTTER STREET.
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
MCV7fI CDDIVH Proprietor. Send for meas-
mtnLV SrKlrlU ore blanks. U. 8. Commlc
sion. » Geary St.. 8. F.
ARTISTIC* FURNITURE.
n »ir c, crmuni CD Bank. Office and Palnon
FINK & SCnlrillLtK, Fittings. 130» Market
st. Telephone South ?67. ,
AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock CII I ID £ m 11 Montgomery St..
Auctioneers. tt Ul- San Francisco.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
HTM CrHACVIVn Shipping trade supplied.
Will' bwDUtPllnU} 839 Broadway street.
BELTING.
LD ncr.PV Manufacturer of Belting and
Jr. IltUtN, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
"" BICYCLES.
•98 Mode! Cleveland Bicycle*
Ben for $80. $«3 and $75. Crescents, la Men's
and Ladies* $85. Second-hand Wheels. $10 and
up. LEAVITT & BILL. 803 Larkln street.
BOILER MAKERS. '
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Offloe and Works— MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
GOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1884.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox, Supt. H. Blyth. M«rr.
C. W. Smith. Ship Plumbins. Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
DENTIST.
PR- C- W- RICHARDS* 8 k P £rne S r^eW
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO. ss o ce n co ssts n ts da Te dis^d i 5^i ce n n4n 4
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON.
407-409 Montgomery st.
Capital Represented over $14.000.
FLOUR.
VITIftVAT Flour Mills. J. Martenstein & Co.
HAIIUnAL SW. cor. Battery and Pacific sts.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
1 1 C DAY EC * rt\ Shipping Butchers. in
JAS- dUIC3 a til., Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FURS.
1 11 FnmiTD Furrier, all work guaranteed.
All- fiUvUlltt 514 Kearny St.. upstairs.
~ HARDWARE.
DALACE Hardware Co., lmporters S Dealers
* in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO., 11l Larkln St.. 8. F.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all
kinds of Harness and dealers In Burgles.
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or writ*
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
A|l||A Hunters' Equipments. Fishing
11 LI II Tackle. Athletic Goods, etc. Send
UUII IJ for catalogue. GEO. W. 6HREVE,
»*■ *» 1■ ** 739 Market street.
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— -OF THE
BRITISH-AMERICA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF TORONTO. CANADA. ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1897. and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
: 610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
1 per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and _
bonds owned by company r.... |990.803 00
Cash in banks .. ■• 41,652 69
Interest due and accrued on all __„.
stocks and loans ............ Ji f ™£ fi.
Premiums in due course of collection 204,108 14
Bills receivable, not matured, taken _
for fire and marine risks 1Z.1Z3 »i
Total assets t. $1,268,315 33
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid.... $13,273 66
Losses In process of adjustment or
in suspense Xl't-,1 I*
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 10.739 45
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning one year or less. $687.438 00.
reinsurance 50 per cent..... 343.719 TO
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning more than one year. $440,513 04. - i
reinsurance pro rata.... ■■•• 229.459 »o
Gross premiums on marine and in-
land navigation risks; reinsurance , j
100 per cent .'.......... 40.214 48
Gross premiums on marine time ,
:Veinsurance 50 per cent 1.667 88
All other demands against the com- s n m
Total liabilities .....'. $803.522 47
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire „
premiums •••••• ;••• $882,378 37
Net cash actually received for ma- 1.
rlne premiums vv:--,' 8 631 •&
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources... 34.501 41
Total income - $1,075,63143
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire 1055e5....... $486,904 37
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 115,683 01
Paid or allowed for commission or _
brokerage ..:...-....... ..........v... 94 284 06
Paid for • salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 41,193 66
Paid for State, national and local
taxes '.•«.-"»..•.."••••"*••••""**"•"• 29, (32 13
All other payments and expenditures 72.390 21
Total expenditures $940,187 44
Fire. Marine.
L ?re e ye a r U . rred - dU ! r ' ng $491,419 96 $120.320 12
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net ■ amount of risks
written during the year $95,100,144 $1,154,275 47
Net amount of risks 82.046.655 1.122.149 67
pired during the year.. 82,046. 655 1,122,149 67
Net amount In force De-
cember 31. 1897 ......... 94.343,145 1.127.95104
Marine
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $24,097,786 $205,590 35
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 24.460.012 196.954 94
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1897 ../..... 2.111.053 41,882 34
- J.J. KENNY. Vice-President.
. ■- ■ P. H. SIMS. Secretary. r-..
Subscribed and sworn to before . me this 25th
day of January. 1898. -' "'.' •
■ ; H. D. GAMBLE. Notary Public
DAVIS & WATSON,
General Agents,
221 SANSOJVIB STREET,
:. BAN FRANCISCO,': • <
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton ccHedley, Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scrlption Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS. 136 Sutter St..
San Francisco. Telephone Main 917.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture blankets, Cassimeres, Tweeds and
[ Flannels, 535 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.
Goods for sale at all leading dry goods stores.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combloed Capital. 14,000,000. ■
STZ & CO.. Agents,
«01 California st.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
' THF PCD i DTI Mattress Co.. 642 Mission
IUC DCnnnAKll at. Telephone Main 1174.
OPTICAL GOODS.
BERTELING OPTICAL COMPANY,
Scientific Opticians and Manufacturers of
Optical Goods, 14 and 16 Kearny street.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
VIILLMIYILI li. 722 Montgomery Street.
> ■
PIANOS.
The Oldest Finn and Lare«<«t «toe*.
\ PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 O'Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairer*.
PRINTING.
EC* HIirHFC PRINTER, „
• V- IlLlll II Sansome street.
SEWING MACHINES.
"nniICCTIP" Pre-eminently th» machlns for
UUmLO I 111 family use. 1021 Market nr. 6th.
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSF.N & CO..
REAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery St.
SOAP.
CD I ITrV * m 123 California street.
1 X, LIIL-I (I \i\3, % room 37. Tel. Main 1661.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tei^ph &££
I TBE ffICKS-JUDD CO., SSS?'a B sStt
TARTAR WORKS.
£\ALIFORNIA TARTAR WORKS,
; G. De LATOUR. Manager.
Office 313 Front Street. San Francisco.
WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
HENRY B. SCHINDLER. manufacturer of
carriages, buggies, etc. ; repairing don* la
first-class style at fair prices for good work.
128 Spear st. tel. Mnln 295.
WALLPAPER.
WALLPAPER— WhoIesaIe and retail: send for
samples, stating? about quality and color, to
JAS. DUFFY CO.. 928-930 Howard St.. S. F.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding- Agents and Public Welg&en.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouse*.
General office. 210 California St. Tel. Main MIL
WATCHES. ETC.
TI ITVIW Headquarters for fine Jewelry an 4
• LL)n»I» full 18-k. Wedding Rings. 4 3d it.
(i patents! i)
Xgr 330 MARKET ST. S.F. **&*
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
OF THE
j CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
X —OF THE—
WESTERN
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF TORONTO. CANADA, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1897, and for th«
I year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
j 610 and 611 of the Political ' Code, condensed aa
; per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS. \
'Loans on bonds and mortgages ..*. $25,000 00
; Cash market value of all stocks and
I bonds owned by company 1,165,526 88
Cash in company's office 128 95
j Cash, in banks 241.544 83
Premiums In due course of collection . 253,631 43
I Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for flre and marine risks .34,600 07
Total assets $1,720,432 14
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid.. $29,576 89
Losses In process of adjustment or
in suspense 138,331 43
Losses resisted; including expenses.. 15,227 99
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,031,157 01;
reinsurance 50 per cent 615,578 50
Gross . premiums on flre risks run-
ning more than one year, $660,769 56;
reinsurance pro rata 344,234 98
Gross premiums on marine and in-
land navigation risks; reinsurance
100 per cent 51,490 75
Gross premiums on marine' time,
risks; reinsurance 50 per cent 9,29« 23
Commissions and brokerage due and .
to become due.... 34,491 58
Total liabilities :..... $1,138,228 33
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $1,467,300 01
Net cash ■ actually received for ma- -
rine premiums 268,125 33
Received for interest on bonds and : ■ • •
mortgages 1.680 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, . stocks, loans and from
all other sources — 43,313 49
Total Income $1,770,418 74
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre 1055e5...... $748,737 60
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 224.166 20
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage .......... '.:... T........ :..... 349,350 50
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 41,500 00
Paid for State, national ' and local
taxes 46,302 00
All other payments and expenditures 130.764 45
: Total expenditures $1,540,820 75
. ■ . Fire, i ; . Marine.
Losses incurred during •
the year.... $772.440 99 , $226.013 20
Risks and j Premiums. | iFire Risks. Premiums.
Net .amount of ■" risks "
written during the year $142,650,216 $1,693,879 59
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 126,721,109 1,710.710 14
Net amount in force De- ■ -' - ■
cember 31. 1897 ........ 141.514,736 1.691.926 5*
, Marine * I "■■■-.. .".*'-;
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $45.259.822 $352,307 80 ■
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the , year..  49,927.236 386.128 10
Net amount in force De- *
cember 31. 1897 ......... 4.725.490 70.083 19
J. J. KENNY. . Vice-President.
■ C. C. FOSTER. ' Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January, 1598- *
, A. R. , CREELMAN, Notary Public
DAVIS & WATSON,
General Agents,
221 SANSOiVIE STREET,
, fiAN FRANCISCO.
56
MONDAY AUGUST 22, 1808
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor.
Address All CommMnications^o^V^JLEA^JManago^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Martlet and Third Sts.. S. f.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
mE «AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) I*
•erved by carriers In tb's city and surrounding towns
for 15 cent* a week- By mall $6 per year; per montb
66 cents. _________
THE WEEKLY CALL -On* V*ar. by mall. Sl-5t
OAKLAND OFFICE ._. .«. 908 Broadway
MEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri__s Hove*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESB, Advertising, Representative,
IRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street, corner Clajr,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
020 o'clook- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
•'clock- 6\5 Lark'n street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- >06 Eleventh
■treet. open untJ. 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, op«_
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty •second an-
Kentucky street*, open until 9 o'clock,.
. AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "On Probation "
Alcazar— "The Merchant of Venice-"
Morocco 's— "Ordeal of Two Sisters '
Tlvoll— "La Gloconda."
Orphenm— Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 615-pound Man.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Mechanics' Pavilion— The Irish Fair,
fcutro'B Baths— Swimming.
Central Park— -The Battle of Manilla."
Alhambra, Eddy and Jones Vaudeville. Opening
Saturday, September 8.
Suspended Animation— Corner Market and Larkln streets;
El Campo— Music, danetng.boatlnfr. flshln*, every Sunday.
State Pair — Sacramento, September^ ;
ANOTHER CYCLE OF COMMERCIAL
ACTIVITY.
WHILE the war with Spain did not decrease
business in any way, its close has caused a de
cided increase in many directions. This in
crease cannot be traced to any sudden development
of trade with our new possessions, for it is too soon
to look for any such expansion, though it will come
later on. It seems to be purely local, if such a cir
cumscribed term can be applied to a country as vast as
the United States. Indeed, the conclusion of the war
may have nothing to do with it after all, for it may
be simply the awakening of the usual fall trade, which
is expected to be lively this year. But whatever it
proceeds from there is certainly a marked increase
in the volume of business throughout the country.
The improvement is remarkably general and char
acterizes a large variety of products. The West and
South continue to lead the other sections of the coun
try* as f° r some time past, the East showing only a
moderate gain. The Northwest is a little slow with
collections, but this condition is expected to disappear
when the movement of the spring wheat crop begins.
The distributive trade of the country west of the Alle
ghar.ies is widening everywhere, and the leading
staples are going out of first hands with gratifying
fluency.
The individual items of improvement are a steady
increase in the country's bank clearings, those for the
past week being n.6 per cent over those for the same
week last year. The failures were 195, against 221.
Railroad earnings continue to increase, and as the
movement of crops to market is not especially heavy
at the moment, the gain is ascribed to free shipments
of manufactured products to the agricultural districts.
An immense business is reported in iron and steel,
with advanced prices for many descriptions. Indeed,
business in this line is so active that the general run
of works cannot fill all their orders. The electrical
concerns are also far behind in their engagements.
All the western centers report a large influx of buy
ers, with a brisk demand for hats and caps, boots and
shoes and dry goods. The inquiry for wool and
woolen goods is only moderately active, but these
lines have been lagging for some titne. The improve
ment in cotton mentioned several weeks ago con
tinues, but trade is .not especially lively. The wheat
shipments from the Atlantic Coast show a falling off,
. being 3.796,000 bushels, against 5.317,000 for the
corresponding week in 1897. Hides and leather are
also quiet, and prices have ruled rather weak than
otherwise.
The most pronounced awakening, however, is in Wall
street. Here it comes pretty close to a boom. The
public have re-entered the market, and the buying last
week was almost reckless. In fact, we are told that
it was so sharp that the professionals almost lost con
trol of the market. Railroad shares led in point of
preference, though the demand for sterling bonds
continued good. The general sentiment in Wall street
is that the demand for investment has come to stay,
and that there will be an active market for some time
to come. The only condition now visible which would
be apt to check the buying desire is the possible sus
pension of peace negotiations through the haggling
and quibbling of Spain, a condition which is even at
this day menaced by that stubborn and disappointed
Government. At present, however, everything is
lovely in Wall street.
In the weekly commercial reports California is
specified as the one particularly quiet State in the
Union. This, of course, is due to the decreased yield
of fruit and cereals on account of the deficient rain
fall last winter; but considering that we have enough
of both to eat ourselves and considerable to sell be
■ sides, we are not in such a bad way after all. The fact
is, California has been such an enormous producer in
•the past that when a year of decreased production
comes along the contrast is sharp. We shall prob
ably have 100.000 tons of wheat for export this year.
and are already sending canned and dried fruits to
Europe, though we cannot satisfy her calls upon us
this season. There is not a single line of produce
short enough this year to work a hardship on any-
body, and what we have produced is bringing un
usually fine prices, except cereals, though even they
are selling at quotations away above the cost of pro
duction. It would be a strange year indeed which
caught California without anything to sell, and it is
.hardly probable that such a year will ever be wit
nessed. It is generally the other way.
As for the rest, business is not at all bad here, even
. though the State is specified as "quiet." We have
abundance of money at the normal rates of interest,
the merchants report themselves satisfied with the
condition of trade, and the farmers are doing bet
ter on the whole than for a number of years back.
Collections are average, failures are few and small and
no complaints are heard from any quarter.
Judged by the arrogance of the Spanish at Manila
they put up the white flag before they had been
whipped half enough.
There's many a slip between the signing of a peace
protocol and the perfecting of a peace.
Th|E REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
1""* HE convention which is to meet in a few hours
has upon it the responsibility of naming not only
the next Governor of California, but the leader
who will take his party into a victorious action that
will give to it public power and authority for the next
four years. Past experiments have somewhat shown
to this coming convention the way in which it should
walk. Attempts to put leadership in the hands of men
who have in the past failed in their party fealty have
usually brought disaster. Just now all the people are
looking for stability, strength and consistency in a
State administration, and there is in men an instinct
which teaches them that these are not to be found
in any one subject to political hysterics, or one erratic
and uncertain in his party allegiance.
The Republican party is rich in men qualified for
this great office, and with a record that entitles them
to the confidence of the party and the people. It is
not necessary to go outside of this list and select any
one whose sole experience in public life has been
gained by bolting the party and elevating himself by
its defeat, or who has been silent in its great crises.
Within the eligible are many who will not seek the
nomination and who would regard its acceptance as a
personal sacrifice too great to be justified by any but
the gravest emergency.
At this moment the candidate who easily leads as
the preference of delegates from all parts of the State
is Mr. Henry T. Gage. It is significant, too, that he
is the choice of most of those who might be his com
petitors if they chose, but who abstain in the pres
ence of his merits of address, culture, genius and
record.
All free societies are directed by their best elements.
When these in a party indicate their choice it is safe
to accept it as reasonably sure to command the popu
lar approbation. The best elements in the Republican
party are those who seek the best conditions for all
men, that life may be crowned with the happiest re
sults for every citizen. These elements staad, first of
all, for the rights and dignity of labor, from whose
ranks the strong and wholesome brains and bodies,
the richest possession of the State, are derived. These
best elements in the Republican party, mindful of their
own origin, know that the first political duty is to
keep affluent the fountain whence they came. There
fore the men in the ranks of the party who so highly
guide its destiny seek a candidate and leader who can
lead a successful fight for power that is to be used
in the interest of the great masses whose prosperity
and happiness are the impulse of the State's progress
and greatness.
That these elements in the party, men too strong to
be governed by any but themselves, in whose pres
ence no boss issues a command, have after mature
reflection cast their influence for Mr. Gage, goes far,
not only to indicate his nomination, but to give as
surance that his campaign will be a march to victory
if he be the choice of the convention.
The Call has no candidate. It questioned the candi
dacy of Mr. Gage in order that its strong points and
weak points might be found. The resulting examina
tion has cleared many questions, the mere raising of
which brought to him the vindication of political
friend and foe.
His candidacy has been put by thi9 examination
upon a plane to which that of any other must be
raised to put its merits in competition. This is un
derstood by the wise men who are in the interest of
other candidates, and they elevate their favorites to
his level, since it has proved impossible to pull him
down.
If he be the nominee the party will be united upon
the candidacy of a man who never trieW to divide it,
against whom no one holds a grudge generated by
defeat caused by bolting and kicking at a local ticket,
and in that union goes an invitation to the large con
tingent of independent voters to seek the best good of
the State by supporting a man who is the choice of
the best men in his own party.
OFFICIAL DIGNITY AT WASHINGTON.
THE retirement of Mr. Day from the office of
Secretary of State on the express ground that
he is not rich enough to maintain the social
prestige of the position, affords a striking illustration
of the extent to which Washington society has drifted
away from the Republican simplicity of its early days.
It is likely it will also give rise to a movement toward
increasing the salaries of members of the Cabinet.
It was clearly the intention of the founders of our
Government that the highest offices should be not
only within the reach of the poorest citizen, but that
they should carry with them salaries large enough to
admit of their acceptance by men who had no private
fortunes. The fathers of the Republic, however, ex
pected Washington society to continue on a plane of
Republican simplicity of manners and living. It was
not foreseen by them that social leaders at the capital
would ape the customs of London and Paris and that
State officials would be required to live like princes.
A member of the Cabinet receives $8000 a year. The
law does not require him to maintain anything in the
way of social state. He may live at a hotel or in a
modest flat if he chooses. Neither does the sentiment
of the country at large require him to keep a man
sion, a carriage and a retinue of servants. It asks of
him no elaborate dinners and no grand receptions.
In fact it does not require of a Cabinet Minister as
much in the way of hospitality as of the Governor of
a State. Clearly, therefore, there is nothing in the
conditions of the office that necessarily entail a lavish
way of living, and if there is a demand for that sort
of thing the demand is a factitious one created solely
by Washington society itself.
It is to be regretted that any American should feel
lr'nifelf debarred from the service of the nation by the
1.-.ck of a private fortune. It will be a bad day for this
country when, by reason of our social customs, none
but the rich can afford to hold high offices at Wash
ington. That fact is recognized at the capital itself,
and it is for this reason some papers there are now
busily engaged in creating a sentiment favorable to
an increase of salaries. Their idea is that since our
society has advanced to the style of living at imperial
capitals the salaries paid by the Government should
also be imperial.
The members of the British Cabinet receive $25,000
a year. They maintain stately homes in London and
entertain \>n a grand scale. Washington people would
like that style adopted by us. It would enliven Wash
ington winters and help Washington trade. Inci
dentally it would boom Washington real/«state by
making the city a desirable place of residence for the
I rich as the social center of the nation.
There are, however, serious objections to the plan
proposed. A raise in salaries under prevailing con
ditions would simply mean a raise in the general style
of Washington living, and ere long there would be
a demand for another raise. Even with a salary of
$25,000 a year no man without a private fortune can
I maintain the position of a Cabinet Minister in Lon
■ don. Social prestige is like an open poker game —
there is no limit to the amount of the raise.
Any man who has the moral courage to defy the
demands of a luxurious society dominated by idlers
can live at Washington, perform all the duties of a
Cabinet officer and save money on $8000 a year; and
a man who lacks that quality ought not to be Secre
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 22, 1898.
tary of State. This is a rich country, but it would be
better to vote more money for river improvements
than for dinner-giving and grand receptions at Wash
ington.
ONE HOLE IN THE PLATFORM.
WHILE the Democratic platform is marked by
several singular gaps, due to omissions for
which apologies will have to be made during
the campaign, there is none more singular than the
neglect to offer sympathy to the soldier and sailor,
and to express condolence for those whose sons or
brothers have given up their lives for the country.
At this time the impulses of patriotism are particu
larly acute. Our troops are returning victorious
from distant shores. The flag of the Union floats
over territory where its presence had hardly been
known. But where it waves it casts its shadow across
the graves of our patriot dead; it falls upon those
who suffer on beds of pain and turn longing eyes
back to a land they are never more to see. Yet the
Democracy of California in convention assembled for
got these brave boys, living and dead, forgot the
stricken at home.
Never was there a convention marked by so vin
dictive a spirit of greed. The speeches were bitter,
the character of the proceedings sullen and the ad
dresses all shaped upon some personal ambition.
There was not a broad and statesmanlike utterance.
Yet in the compilation of a platform there should
have been attention paid to the sentiment of the coun
try. It seems that for an hour asperities might have
been laid aside and an open and manly meed of praise
awarded to the young blood of the land.
But no. The convention could not rise above the
petty bickering for preferment. Selfish aspirations
could not for an instant be allayed. The platform
was made in heedlessness of humane issues, and by
that assemblage which had failed to recognize the
"Star-Spangled Banner" adopted with no thought be
yond the fact that to adopt something was a necessary
form.
The hole in the platform is a large one. Somebody
will fall through it.
| — \ ETURNING peace has brought with it clear-
King skies in every direction. We no longer
receive from Europe dispatches announcing
the hostility of Governments and peoples against us.
On the contrary, all reports from the great capitals
are to the effect that public sentiment has changed
and that our victory is accepted as an event tending
to the welfare of all.
During the early days of the war reports from
abroad teemed with statements of German antago
nism to the United States. So repeatedly were such
statements put forward that a suspicion arose that
some power was at work striving to create hostility
between ourselves and the Germans. Whether the
suspicion was well founded or not it is gratifying to
note that the irritating reports have ceased and that
we are now receiving from Germany as well as from
other European countries evidences of satisfaction in
the results of the war.
In the foreign news of yesterday considerable space
was given to friendly expressions on the part of lead
ing newspapers in Germany. The Cologne Gazette
highly praised our naval forces at Manila, declared
j that under our control the business and industries of
i the Philippines would rapidly revive, and added:
"Now that the star-spangled banner waves all danger
to German commercial interests is past." The Ber
liner Tageblatt was equally complimentary in its
| comments and commended Admiral Dewey on the
i tact with which he had preserved friendly and correct
i relations with the German squadron at Manila during
the continuance of the strife.
These statements undoubtedly express the abiding
sentiments of the German people. They are of more
value than the sensational reports of hostile expres
sion so frequency sent out during the last three
months. The skies in fact have cleared and we are
beginning to see more accurately the attitudes of the
various nations toward us. Moreover, the foreign
Governments and peoples are beginning to see us
more clearly and to have a better understanding of
our purposes and our power to enforce them. Peace
has brought with it a restoration of our friendly re
lations with the great nations of the world, and it is
evident if we have made any enemies outside of Spain
by this war, they are not very influential or else are
keeping discreetly silent.
PUBLIC interest in the national side of the polit
ical contests this fall will be mainly directed
toward the efforts of the Republicans to win
a sufficient number of Senatorial seats to give them
a safe working majority in the Senate when the next
Congress assembles. The fight for the control of
the House can hardly be called interesting since it
seems a foregone conclusion that the Republicans will
easily retain a majority in that body. Nothing but
gross blundering on the part of Republicans in mak
ing Congressional nominations can give the Demo
crats any chance of success, and such blundering is
not likely to be committed.
As the Senate stands to-day it consists of 44 straight
Republicans, 3 Silver Republicans, 2 who are classed
in the political nomenclature of the day as "straight
silverites," one Independent. 5 Populists and 34 Dem
ocrats, making a total of 89; there being one va
cancy in the representation from Oregon. The terms
of thirty Senators expire next March. Maryland has
already selected a Republican to succeed Gorman,
and it is accounted as reasonably sure they will win
seats now held by Democrats in Wisconsin, New Jer
sey, West Virginia, California and New York.
Success in the fight for Senatorships would give,
the Republican party complete control of Congress
and enable the enactment of legislation in the direc
tion of currency reform and the adoption of other
great measures of Republican policy. The adminis
tration has been largely hampered in its work thus
far by the fact that the balance of power in the Senate
is held by a small clique of Populists and so-called
Silver Republicans, who stand in the way of the ac
complishment of any systematic monetary legislation
on a sound basis.
The importance of this phase of the contest is
everywhere recognized, and the contest for members
of the legislative ticket in States where Senators are
to be chosen will be keen. In California this issue of
the elections will not be overlooked. Whatever may
be the result elsewhere California must send a stanch
Republican to succeed White in the United States
Senate.
If all the stories of the mismanagement on board
the transports are true, there is nothing surprising in
the number of desertions except that it is so small.
Apparently the people of Porto Rico are so glad to
get from under Spanish rule that they may necessitate
the calling out of the police.
General Shafter is to be congratulated that yellow
journalism still attacks him. He can be certain of
ultimate popularity.
CLEARING SKIES.
THE FALL ELECTIONS.
NEWS OF THE MINES.
The discovery that the one restraining |
dam at the narrows on the Yuba River |
■will consume approximately all of the I
$500,000 so long available for dams and I
may possibly even require an additional j
appropriation will necessarily stir the
California Miners' Association and the
California delegation to Congress to still
greater efforts to secure new appropria- j
tlons. The depth to bedrock at the nar
rows will make this dam cost nearly
double what it would cost if bedrock were
near the surface, it appearing from the
lncompleted investigations of the Federal
engineers that in places the foundation ,
for the 150 foot dam must be built up [
from a depth of 80 or 90 ieet. As this dam
Is the most important of those in view as j
possibilities, and as it will have a great
secondary' value for its water power, it is j
likely that all money and effort will bo j
concentrated on it until it was completed, j
Dams on other streams must, apparently, i
await further legislation. It is a relief, j
however, to hear the promise from Major
Heuer that th* commission will probably
be able to report definitely by the time
Congress convenes.
Gold dredgers are a new thing to the j
mining industry of California, but they
are now multiplying rapidly and will in :
the future cut a large feature in the gold
production of the State. They are and ;
will become in a greater degree an eco- i
nomical method of working gravel depos- |
its in low lying ground, as well as in
rivers, and It is well to keep track of their
progress. Regarding one among a. num
ber of fields of present operation the oro
ville Register says:
"For years It lias been known that the |
gravel deposits south of Oroville and near |
the banks of the Feather were rich in ;
gold, yet owing to the enormous quantity
of earth to be handled the mines have not
been worked on an extensive Scale. With
in the past year, however, a number of
companies have been prospecting these
gravel beds and sony months ago It was ,
realized that the o r .iv feasible method
was to work them by dredgers. One boat j
was constructed, and that It has paid Is
evident from the length of time that it
has been operated. Since this boat snow
ed that dredgers would pay other compa
nies have become interested, and as a re
sult fifteen shafts have been sunk on one
section and more than that on another
on the east side of the river, while on the
west side about 110 shafts have been sunk.
Not more than fifteen or twenty were
able to reach bedrock on account of the
flow of water. The cost has averaged
from $125 to $250 for each shaft.
The English Syndicate or Banner Mine
Company are putting a large force of men
to work on the ditch which Is to convey
the water from the Jones reservoir near
town to the Banner mine. The reservoir
is tapped by a tunnel 2200 feet in length.
From there it empties into the Cannon
reservoir, thence to the mine for the pur
pose of having water power with which
to run the mill and hoisting works by
electricity Instead of steam as heretotcre.
It is Mr. Evans' Intention to have every
thing complete and in running order by
the Ist day of January, 1599.-Oroville
California has temporarily lost a few
prospectors and a little mining capital Dy
the Alaska craze, but that it will eventu
ally benefit largely through the drawing
of the world's attention and mining capi
tal to the Pacific Coast region cannot be
doubted. A straw flying in this direction
Is the following from the Grass Valley
Telegraph: "Charles Stcpp, accompanied
by Antone Stander and wife and A. Goetz,
are in town looking at some quartz prop
erties. The whole party recently returned
from the Klondike. Messrs. Stepp and
Goetz were on business for a European
syndicate. Mr. Stander is one of the dis
coverers of the rich claims in the irozen
north and still has interests there."
The Mountain mine at Sierra City has
been sold to New York parties. The pur
chasers are now on the way out to start
up the mine. Expert Tlbbetts' story of
the salting of the samples a few weeks
ago seems to have had the opposite effect
intended.— Sierra County Enterprise.
An Enterprise correspondent of the Oro
ville Register gives the following note 3
from that part of Butte County: "H. P.
Stow, it is stated, has purchased the
Shakespeare ledge, and will extend the
big tunnel, which is now In 2000 feet, to a
total of 4000 feet. Work. It is stated, will
begin about October 1. As the tunnel cost
nearly $12 a foot, it thus means an ex
penditure of about $25,000 for the extension
of this tunnel alone. Forbestown is for
tunate in having a gentleman who has
means to develop valuable properties In
this manner. When the tunnel Is extend
ed under the Shakespeare the face will be
about 2400 feet under the croppings. me
Denver mine has leased the chlorination
works of the Shakespeare mine, and will
work 160 tons of sulphurets. which are
valued at $125 a ton. James Pullen has
resumed work in the Mount Ida mine, and
four men are employed in the Red Point
mine The Bank of England Consolidated,
C C Antrim superintendent, has sixteen
men employed, and is making an upraise
on the ledge. A number of new buildings
have lately been erected on this mine. A
contract has been let for a 500-foot tunnel
on the Big Betsy ledge Itself, and f four
men have begun work on the same.
Chestnut & Co., who lately purchased
the old Commodore quartz mine on Bark
house Creek, Klamath River, are making
preparations for opening this mine on an
extensive scale. The company has started
a tunnel to tap the ledge, in order to run
out the quartz by cars, and al?o a tunnel
to secure water for the batteries and ma
chinery.—Yreka Journal.
Early heavy rains will brighten up busi
ness In Redding by sending into the hills
hundreds of prospectors with pick and
pan and rocker. For several seasons work
in the dry diggings and gulch places ha«
been almost suspended. W here thousands
of dollars usually pass. into circulation
during a rainy season, the past few
vp-irs have seen the pan and rocker dust
output sink into comparative insignifi
cance West and southwest of Redding
is a territory that in ordinary seasons
never fails to respond liberally to the
surface seratehings of men accustomed
to locating the most likely hiding places
of the yellow metal. Across the river, in
the Old Diggings district, is another pro
ductive section. Since Chinese have
never been allowed to rake the district
with a fine tooth comb there is plenty of
ground from which the old-timers can
dig up enough dust, when water Is abun
dant to come into town and lay in a win
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The new 9.2-inch improved breeehload
ing gun of which the British Admtralty
hns ordered a lot from Vlckers & Co.,
cost $30,000 each.
Japan is fitting its new warships with
highly improved torpedoes, vastly superior
to those in the British or any other navy.
The new torpedoes, of which fifty are
being made, are twenty-four inches in
diameter and are calculated to go at a
speed of thirty-five knots for a distance
of 2000 yards.
Ninety-five vessels of all descriptions
are in course of construction for the
Japanese navy, and include six battle
ships one armored cruiser, nine second
class protected cruisers, five third-class
cruisers, ten third-class coast-defense ves
sels, seventeen gunboats, four dispatch
vessels, eight torpedo-boat destroyers and
thirty-tyro torpedo-boats.
Three battle-ships of 13,000 tons are to
be built for the navy of Italy. They will
be 410 feet in length and 74 feet 6 inches
beam, to have a speed of twenty knots
and to be completed within five years.
They are all to be built at Government
dockyards— one named Principeosa Ellena
at Castellamara; another, Benedlto Brin,
at Spezla and the third, Ammiragllo
Rachia, at Venice. Two first-class ar
mored cruisers of 7000 tons and twenty
three knots speed are also contemplated.
The Italian Government has permitted
Orlando Bros., Leghorn, to sell the
Voresa, armored cruiser of 6840 tons, to
the Argentine Republic. Two similar
cruisers built for Italy were disposed of
in a like manner, and the sale of the third
one is allowed with the proviso that the
builders shall replace the ship with an
other within eighteen months, the new
ship to be fitted with water-tube boilers
and to develop 500 additional horsepower
over that now built.
Another instance illustrating the utter
want of efficiency in the management of
Spanish warships is told of the battle-ship
Pelayo while that ship was off Port Said
taking in coal. Only one winch was at
work, with the result that coal was taken
aboard at the rate of 3^4 tons per hour.
In contradistinction to this ia the record
of the battle-ship Victorious and the
ter's supply of provisions.— Redding Free
Press.
It comes to us that a forty-foot vem
has been tapped in the mine near Bella
Hill. The shaft is down twenty-live feet
and it will be sunk fifty more, then drift
ing will be done to reach the walls. Ihe
ore carries gold and su'nhurets. Indica
tions are that the property will be tne
largest milling proposition in the State.—
Sonora Banner.
Work on the electric plant for the Grif
fith mine is being pushed with consider
able energy. The dynamo is to be set up
at Ladies Valley, where about a thousai.d
feet of fall can be obtained from the
Park canal on the north side of the river.
Part Of the present consignment is pipe |
for the proposed water power.— El Do
rado Republican.
The mine on James Burns' ranch has
met the expectations of the company and
they are taking out rich ore. The vein is
eleven feet wide. — Sonora Banner.
At the Potazuba mine, near Sutter, they
have encountered a four foot ledge at the
100 foot level of $100 a ton rock, which
they intend to have milled right away.
The Dispatch is informed that 100 tons
will be put through the mill as a first
test. The deal entered into last fail by
which the Amador Queen No. 2 mine was
to become the property of Chicago capi
talists has been consummated, and the
American Improvement Company is in
charge. A good deal of money will soon
be expended in the practical development
of this mine. — Amador Dispatch.
The Keystone Company has shut down
twenty stamps on account of the short
age of water. This has involved the dis
charge of thirty-five men. The Keystone
uses water from the Blue Lakes Compa
ny. The Kennedy mill has shut down,
and a number of men have been dis
charged, on account of shortage of water.
Steam power will be put In immediately.
— Amador Ledger.
The Bonanza mine, famous throughout
the world as the greatest pocket property
ever discovered, is again showing itself a
mineralized phenomenon, but this time in
an entirely different manner. The main
incline shaft is now down ISOO feet and
the vein, from eighteen Inches to three
feet wide, has developed into a true free
milling proposition. — Sonora Union-Dem
ocrat.
It is probable that the Sell will be un
able to resume operations until the rainy
season sets in. It depends on electric
power for all purposes, and. owing to the
shortage of water with which to operate
the dynamos, the electric company was
forced to curtail its service, the Sell be
ing among the unfortunate ones. — Sonora
Union-Democrat.
Thirty-seven men are now employed at
the Reddik mine, just north of town. The
property gives every indication of prov
ing one of the best drift propositions that
Nevada City has had.— Nevada City
Transcript.
Lewellyn & Porter are putting up
a large cyanide process at Garlock to
work tailings. It is estimated there are
10.000 tons of tailings there at the differ
ent mills, and probably $100,000 will be
taken out of them. The capacity of the
works will be equal to sixty tons per day.
The Eureka mill people have their cyan
ide building completed and all the wood
work in place, and now only wait the
arrival of the iron tank, which is ex
pected to-night. On its arrival they can
be ready to operate in three or four days.
The capacity of the plant is ten to'na
per day.— Randsburg Miner.
C. H. Claubes has returned from White
River, where he has bepn during the
past month engaged in working his min
ing claim. Mr. Claubes reports consid
erable activity in mining in the White
River district, and says that a two
stamp mill is now being in, and in a
short time another one of ten-stamp ca
pacity will be erected by a San Fran
cisco syndicate. Several new claims will
also be opened up and worked in the
near future. — r'orterville Enterprise.
On one day this week in San Diego
twenty-two mining locations were re
corded. Among them were four by Ste
phen W. Dorsey.— Los Angeles Mining
Review.
It is worthy of remark that the activity
and advance of the market for copner has
produced its natural effect upon the work
of developing existing copper producing
properties and in opening up new mines
and districts where copper deposits of a
paying character are found. The uses for
copper in the arts, and particularly in
connection with electrical progress, are
growing at too great a rate to admit of
any doubt as to consumption keeping pace
with whatever gain in production the
near future has in store — Bradstreet's.
The Kootenay country mines. British
Columbia, from the Rocky Mountains to
the Yale district, produced ten years ago
$26,000; five years later the product in
creased to $100,000; last year the output
reached $7,000,000.
The sale of the famous old Virtue mine
in Oregon is announced. It has been nt
intervals a wonderful producer. The Vir
tue was once the property of George W.
Qrayson, the San Francisco millionaire,
partner of J. B. Haggln of Anaconda cop
per fame. H« owned it for twenty-eight
years, and during that time it yielded
him $3,000,000. The property is eight miles
east of Baker City.
The growth of Butte is something mar
velous. Buildlnrs are being erected on
every hand. Our mines are producing
wonderfully. The pay roll of nearly a
million dollars per month s ueing main
tained, and the money is percolating
through the channels of business, making
a happy and prosperous community. —
Western Mining World.
A new mining camp called Colton has
been started in Southern Nevada
near Death Valley. It was discovered only
a few weeks ago but already over 100
men are on the ground. One lodge has
been traced for a distance of over 3000 feet
that gives assays of $40 per ton in gold
and is eight feet thick. An old workln
has been found not far from this camp
with a shaft on the ledge from which the
ore averages JflO per ton in free gold be
sides rich concentrates. Many of the
prospectors think this Is the "long lost
Pegleg mine. Some promising turquoise
prospects have been found near the camp.
—Mineral Wealth.
The talk of increased production of gold
from Cripple Creek and other mining
camps in the State is fully supported r»v
the statistics of the United States branch
mint at Denver. During the month of
July the receipts at this institution
amounted to over $2,000,000. which is the
best on record, and about 40 per cent bet
ter than the receipts during the same
period in the previous year.— Mining In
vestor.
Grafton, both of the British navy, which
coaled at sea on the China station. The
first named took coal at the rate of 111
tons an hour, and the latter 76 tons in the
same time.
The British navy programme Is thus
summarized:
CLASSES^
las
■ ier a ■ s
- 2. ? I?•
Battleships
f'irst-rlass cruisers ..."
-econd-class cruisers
Third-class cruisers ..'"
Gunboats
4
4
E
7
0
5
5
1
0
4
7
8
••
I "<
No torpedo-boat destroyers, torpedo
boats or any other vessels are included
in this summary. The four battlr-shlps
launched and rapidly fitting for sea are
of the Canopus class, 12,050 tons. Of the
five under construction two are of the
Canopus class and tnree of 15,000 each of
the Formidable type. The seven battle
ships to be built will be of/ the Formidable
class, to the number of three, and four
I somewhat smaller but with greater speed
than any battle-ship yet built in the Brit
ish navy.
The policy of the British Admiralty in
introducing and extending the placing of
water-tube boilers in the navy is meeting
with a fierce opposition by the Scotch or
old tank-boiler builders. Mr. Allan, who
voices the disgruntled boiler-builders in
Parliament, calls attention to the fact
that the Admiralty does not dare to fire
the entire battery of water-tube boilers
on the Sharpshooter, Powerful, Terrible.
Diadem and Europe, the objection, aa
given out, being excessive vibration in
the three first named vessels and too
great a heat in the stokeholds of the
Diadem and Europe. He points out that
there is no similar trouble experienced
in the large armor-clads, and lays the
blame on the new boilers. The facts, as
they will undoubtedly be officially given
out, after the inquiry regarding the Ter
rible's inability to steam at eighteen
knots, appear to be that the trouble lies
in the engines and the hulls. The former
develop too great power for the hulls, aa
constructed, to stand, and this is an old
complaint In the British navy- As for the
excessive heat In the stokeholds of the
Diadem and Europa, that is a matter of
ventilation, which can be Improved, and
is not the fault of the boilers, for it has
been practically demonstrated that the
flrerooms with the new boilers are not
as hot as with the old-style boilers.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
W. A. Mackinder of St. Helena is at the
California.
F. M. Helm and wife of Los Angeles are
guests at the Grand.
A. B. Keith and T. A. Grigg. M. D,. of
Butte are at the California.
Dr. W. H. Flanagan of Grants Pass la
at the Baldwin for a shcrt stay.
E S de Golyer, an expert mining man
of Los Angeles, will be at the Palace for
a few days.
William Nlcholls Jr., a banker of Dutch
Flat, is registered at the Grand, accom
panied by his son.
Mrs. L. H. Shearman of Lima. Peru,
has taken apartments at the Occidental
with her two children.
Roy Beckwith and Andrew Sierra, two
mining men of Sonora, Tuolumne County,
are making the Lick their headquarters.
Z T George, a merchant of Los An
geles, 'and J. K. O'Brien, a Marysville
business man, are staying at the Bald
win.
Mr and Mrs. Whltehouse. who. with
their daughter, are making a tour of the
United States, are registered at the Grand
from England. .
A T. Hastings, a Merced attorney; G. S.
Bloss, an Atwater real estate man, ana
M. M. Parsons, a Fresno rancher, are lo
cated at the Lick.
Wilbur A. Hendryx, M. D., an eminent
physician of Los Angeles, ana A. G. Hub
bard and family of Redlands are among
the guests at the Palace.
George S. Edwards and family of Santa
B?rb°a7a. Herbert Richardson^nd 3 of
Baltimore, Md., and James R. TaPscott
and wife of Yreka are some of the arri
vals at the Occidental. '__
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDEMTB.
TmFT HARTE— B. R. P-. City. A let-
JZlStl' Bret H/t«H /t «— d »« ad-
THE LETTERS-E. F.. City If you
will read the advertisement of the firm
named you will see that the illuminated
fetors stand for the business name of th 9
house.
THE NAVIES-T. N. F.. City. An answer
to the question, "Which are the largest
navies in their order? 1 ' was published in
The Call's Answers to Correspondents
August 18. 1898.
A YORK SHILLING-A. 8.. Sunoi
Glenn Cal. Without a description of tha
inscription on the York shilling you have
and the date, it is impossible to give tha
information asked for.
SIGSBEE— B. M. City. Captain Slgsbea
was on board of the Maine and in com
mand of her at the time of the explosion.
His testimony on that point before tha
court of inquiry was: "At the time of tha
explosion I was writing at mj port cabin
table, after side. I was dressed.
REMOVING A RING-E. F., City. To
remove a ring from a finger on which it
has been worn for a lqfng time is con
sidered by many people ai sure to ba
followed by disaster to the person so re
moving It, particularly if the ring waa
put on with a wish.
OCHLOCRACY— S., City. Ochlocracy i«
government or power in the hands of the
multitude. The term was first used by
Polvbius the Greek historian, about B. C.
210-128 in 1282 there was such a govern
ment in Florence, and Athens had a like
government. The Paris commune of 1871
is an example of what ochlocracy is.
TWIN SHAFT DISASTER— J. B. M.,
City. After a protracted search of tha
published accounts of the disaster in the
Twin Shafts, at Pittston, Pa., June 28,
1896, this department is unable to find
that any of the bodies of those who were
buried in that shaft were brought to the
surface. You would have to write to the
authorities of that place for the informa
tlbn desired.
A SCREW PROPELLER— J. J., Hay
wards, Cal. The Information that you de
sire is such that only a practical ship
builder can give you. In relation to
speed, diameter and pitch of a screw, you
will find that, which is given in full, in
"The Mechanics' and Engineers' Pocket
Book" by Haswell. You will also have to
consult some work on steam engines and
steam navigation.
RAILROAD TIME— M. J., City. Th! 9
corespondent asks, "What is the greatest
speed attained by a railroad?" but as he
does not name the distance it is presumed
that a mile is meant. The fastest mile
was made in 32 seconds by engine 999,
drawing four heavy cars, of the Empire
State express, train weighing 460,000
pounds, between Crittenden and Wende,
N. V., over the New York Central, May
10. 1893. That was equal to 1124 miles an
hour. C. Hogan was the engineer.
MILITARY SCHOOL— C. C. V.. Oro
ville. Cal. There is no military school in
the United States the graduates of which
receive commissions in the United States
army except the one at West Point.
There are universities and military acad
emies in various parts of the Union in
which the students receive a military in
struction from a United States officer, de
tailed in time of peace, for that purpose,
but such students upon graduating are
not commissioned in the army.
SCREW STEAMER— G. W. L,., San
Jose, Cal. The first mention of a vessel
being propelled by a screw is that in ISO 4
Colonel John Stevens met with discourag
ing success in experimenting with a high,
pressure engine, a sectional boiler and a
single screw. He tried twin screws on a
st'-amboat on the Hudson in ISI4. The
first naval screw steamer was the Ar
ehimides. built in 1840 for the British navy.
In 1547 Captain R. B. Forbes took out the
first transatlantic screw steamer, the
Massachusetts.
A UNITED STATES BILT.TON— An Old
Subscriber, City. This correspondent
writes: "I notice this morning that you
say that one million of millions make a
billion. I would like to know if that la
correct. I have always been under the
impression that ten hundred millions
made a billion, and I think uiat you ara
in error, and that it Is written thusly,
1 000.000,000."
Had An Old Subscriber carefully stud
ied the answer given he would have noted
that the answer was as to what an Eng
lish billion and a Spanish billion are. The
answer Is strictly correct, and had his
knowledge of billions been more extended
he would have known that in England
and the greater part of Continental Eu
rope a billion is a million of millions
(1 1»00,000,000.000), and not ten hundred mil
lions, as he suggests. In the United
States and in France It is one thousand
millions (1.000,000,000). This is another in
stance where the writer should remember,
before making a complanit. "Be sure that
you are right, then go ahead."
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
"Isn't Slims a little slow as a business
man?"
"'A little slow? 1 He still has a big dis
play of skates in his show window." —
Detroit Free Press.
First and Second
Class rates again reduced via the Santa F«
route. Call at the new ticket office. 623 Market.
■ ♦ ■ '
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Synjp"
Has j been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, rot team
the ; gums,'; allays ; Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething of
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part, of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winelow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
.",',-' ' ■ ♦ ■' "" — \
HOTEL. DEL." CORONADO— Take advantage
of the : round-trip j tickets. Now only : 60 ,. by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at ho
tel; longer stay *2 60 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street. San Francisco. _;IRON GATES
10 SHUT IN
THEIR SHAME
A Bold Move of Berry
Street Residents.
OUTWIT THE SUPERVISORS
DETERMINED TO DEFY THE RE
CENT ORDER.
A Sack of Six Thousand Dollars 1
Baised to Circumvent the
Action of tho
Board.
•■ Encouraged by the apathy of the police
In nor carrying out the order of the
Board of Supervisors. the property own
era of Berry street early yesterday morn- (
■' ing had an Iron pate erected just at the '
• entrance of the street, evidently for the j
' purpose of frustrating the action of the
city fathers.
• ' . Several weeks ago a number of property
" owners on Dupont street tiled a petition
"with : the Supervisors asking them to or
der Berry, street closed. After mature de
liberation the board decided to grant the
' request and ordered the Chief of Police to
.close the place. . . it
■ • O.ri learning of the action of the city
fathers the property owners on rr >
str^t got together and made up a sack of
■ iiw). to be used as a "defense fund, •»
one of them expressed it. In the mean
time, the shameless denizens of the con
demned street were verbally notitied. u>
•the police ■that they would have to vacate.
. .Thinking it only a "bluff." the women
•.paid no attention to the Instructions. »uu
' sequent] y the head of the Police Depart
•'resent; evidently fearing that he wouid be
"ha-ulc-d aver the coals by the Supervisors
fop not enforcing their order, announced i
that' he would serve the women witn
printed copies of the ordinance compelling
thiejWto move within three days after re
ceiving the notice. This was three weeKs
ago, and still the women have not been
' formally notified to vacate.
.A few minutes after 6 o'clock yesterday ;
morning two trucks containing the iron
• rate j; drove up to Berry street. A gang
of. workmen had preceded them, and arter
unloading the mass of iron they at once
Ftart-d to put up the grates. Ihe police
man on the ■ Vat had left for the Central
: -station to report off duty, and the work
men did not meet with any oposition. Ar
. ter an hour's labor the gates were, placed
■In position, amid the rejoicing of the deni
■ .zem of the street.
When asked last night If he had heard
ef the erection of the gates, the head pi
the Police Department answered: . No.
If they have done so they have violated
■'the o/rder of i-.e Board of Supervisors,
and should be punished." . _
• I>ee's declared he expected that the su
: "pervisors would to-day order the gates
taken down and the women banished
from the street.
SHOT THE BULLSEYES
ATSCHUETZEN PARK
GOOD WEATHER KINDLY FAY
' • ORED THE CONTESTANTS.
-. Three Prominent Clubs Played Music
■ on . the Targets for Various
.. ' . . • prizes — Record of the
■ : ,:'■/.' •". • Scores.
' V warm, sunny flay, the atmosphere
• perfectly clear and a slight breeze blow- ■
■ ln£.- were the conditions at Schuetzen
Parti yesterday where the merry crack
' of ■ rifled in the hands of keen-eyed |
marksmen was heard all day. i
Three organizations were at the butts.
. The. California Schue-tzfn Club held Its
monthly bull»« Fhoot. the San Fran-
Cisco Grutli shooting section a bullseye
and a medal shoot, and the San Iran- |
• Cisco Turner Schuetzen a bullseye and a
•■ drum corps contest. J. Utschig Sr. car
• rled off the honors in the California Club
shooting, Charles Ott and Joseph Fetz in
the Grutli's and v.'. Nolden and ß. Straub
• in the Turners. The scores of the Cali
\ fornia Club follow in detail:
T TJtschiK Sri 123. A. Strecker 163. D. Me
'■ laOKhlin 300. O. Brcm»r 304. J. TJtschlff Jr. 347.
: Ft Muller 352. C. J. Wal-len 461, C. Saßehorn
•Bftßl'C: Eping Ell. O. Baumelster S.CQ, R. Uan
' epr - C?3 H. Eckmsn 591, A. Breuss .-,-, J.
■ c trau ., 7% A. ITtschig 831. J. Hcr?tman 881, C.
• y ' •Waltham. 900; Captain F. Attjnger 973. J.
Jones 130S F. K. Jlason 1103. V. Ham Ehrenp
• fort 1115 A. Bertlenon 1141, P. Jacoby 1150, A.
' N. : Boyen 1172, D. B. Faktor 13)6.
'"• The bullseye shoot of the San Fran
: cisco Grutlls resulted in the marksmen
'■ tag up for prizes as follows:
".- First. Charles ott; second Joseph Fetz;
.'third -F Appenzeller: fifth, Char Gut: sixth.
' Aiu . Struder; seventh, Robert Houser.
■ The medal shoot of the same club re
' sulted in the following scores:
•■ . .Champion class. Joseph Fete. 422; first ass.
: Rr;bert Houser. 376: second class, August Stru
' SYr 377: third class. Charles Gut. OT: first
' -bfjit shot, A. Struder, 22; last best shot. Joseph
• -.Feiz; 21.
The tarpets in the Turners' bullseye
shoot were punctured in this wise:
■ ■ WXelden. score. 13S: J. Gassner. I=6: C.
••ViVl^n; 656: C. Epln B . 738: 1.. Bnine 842; H.
'Plnklhir 905: Captain Attlnser. 942: O. Bau
:S'9«l;'J. utschi*. 1010; L./trauK 1 ■-';
.. C. Sa«ehorn, 1195; R. Langer, 15«; P. Jacoby.
■ 5157. ■'
"• The. ■ drum corps medal shoot of the
' s*me organization \as tallied as follows:
•" .- B. ■ Stfaub 291, B. Jones 307. F. Krueckel 230.
At Shell Mound.
: • There- was but little shooting at the
: Bbell Mound rifle range yesterday, al
•'though a finer day for the sport could
not have been made to order. A num
ber of the members of the San Francisco
Scheutzen Vereln were in their places prac
• tiding, but no matches were held. On
\ .the fifty yard range a few of the ™?™
brrs of the Columbia Pistol and Rifle
. ('Hib were practicing with revolvers for
' the- timing match which has been partly
•.a.rra"«Ked with the Brooklyn Revolver
"Club and some fair work was done. The
".'only official scores were made by Com
•• pany; A, which held its regular monthly
••■ .contest »" for class medals. Their shoot
ginK"".'was at 200 yards, military musket,
. ".Blunt": target, and the results were as
" -follow*:
..' • R-. .<•'. B. Kins: 40. Corporal Jahniiran 40. C.
• Bh1I« ?c. I^cwthwalte S3. Lcaeh 22, C. Cron
•-30; "SerKPant Charles Kills 33, Peterson 2C,
'■ ■ I^i?utf.nant Hunt 34. Nichols 36, Sersreant Talt
• • &:■■ Captain Poulter 42, i poral Puckett 40,
.. Corporal Bell 36. C. Smith- 14, S. Schmidt 29, '
: ■ Corporal .DickerKon 30.
.-.• 'Rheumatism, kidney. llv^r diseases cured. Dr.
Sanitarium. Mi Plne.nr. Kearny.S.F. Cal.
'.' '■ ""■ '.'..■ -Is. tonor of IV.
. The [fourth annual picnic of the League
• ■ of Henry JV was held yesterday at Shell
■ Mound P;uk. This is one of the largest
French benevolent associations In the
. ..."West, ami fully flve hundred people were
in attendance. Nearly 150 prizes were
.'given away at the raffles, and there was
"somo fii'i attending the games The first
■prize for thro , v bar was
■ won- by PJerre Sab | the second
.by J. BareUles. Leon Desert won' the
pidse for the fastest time five times
. around the race track on the bicycle and
lv_ Sonlpfias won the prise for the slow
est*''thne and not Call from the wheel.
Joseph Barei'lles made the Iv-.st running
• Jump and F. Bourot the besl standing
.-. 'jump. • The officers of the association
' aro: ■ Honorary president, P. H. Bergesj
• president of honor, .J. Bayle; president,
.P. A. .Bergerot ; lirst vice president, •B.
■ Barthou; .second vice president, L. Lease*
■ ' recording secretary, J. Arees; financial
.-secretary, J. P. Casenav. Nearly all of
the members arc from the southwest por
ti'otia^ bf France.
You" will find the latest things in wall
papof- at Clark's. G53 Market street. •
DIGGING OUT THE SELFBURIED.
While Ferdinan Was Being Extricated From His Living Tomb His
Horror-Stricken Wife Was Wild With Anxiety.
THE MANAGEMENT OF
THE BELL ESTATE
EXECUTOR STAACKE DENIES
VARIOUS CHARGES.
He Maintains the Petition for His
Removal Is Full of Erro
neous Statements.
In a petition filed in the Superior Court
by Attorney William H. Schooler the re
moval of George H. Staacke as executor
of the will of Thomas Bell is asked for
on the ground of mismanagement of the
estate. Beveral charges are mode against
Mr. Staacke, who. in explaining or deny
. ing them. Incidentally pays Mr. Schooler
"seems to have a prejudice against him."
"Neither I nor any of the other
' executors have ever made any but a ver
bal report on the Progreso mine or any
; of the assets of the Bell estate," said
Mr. Staacke. "That disposes of the charge
1 that 1 hurriedly filed a report Immediate
ly following Maxwell's resignation.
"Mrs. Bell's attorneys have had full ac
cess to the books, and full information
has been given to Fred Bell.
"As to the charge that the executors
I failed to account for $U»S,2SU worth of
; stocks, bonds, etc., the statement Is per
fectly ridiculous. The court appoints the
appraisers, who Inventory and appraise
tin- estate.
"Now about that debt of $12,708, oved
by Maxwell, and which the petition say.-;
was never paid. There is no evidence of
indebtedness other than the account in
the books. Bell agreed to pay Maxwells
assessment in the mine, amounting to
about $17,0)0. He ■was given credit for
the payment of $5100, and after Bell's
death. Maxwell was unable to pay his
share on a quarter interest In the mine,
i and thereupon turned the mining property
: over to the estate. The estate has since
: paid the assessment on the interest of
! both Bell and Maxwell.
"As to my indebtedness of $8600, as
charged in Schooler's petition, it is true
| that 1 put in a counter claim of $5400, but
1 it was not allowed by the court, the ref-
I tree deciding against It because there
were no witnesses. It was for keeping the
\ individual books for Bell for eleven years,
. could not put in a claim for more
two years prior to his death. For
two years' services I charged $5400.
tiooler accuses Maxwell and myself
of paying unlawful commissions to our
trutb is that as partner of
as Bell .t Co. I owed a balance of
$1600, and up to that time the
mt of my commissions footed up
■ more than the $1600. That was somo time
■:,. Solomon?, attorney for Mrs. Bell,
me to render an account of the
■ a of Thomas Bell & Co. According
at account I owed the firm a bal
i ance of about $1600. In order to make a
i c this was turned into the estate
account, and the executors, having re
. the same amount from the part
|p of Thomas Bell & Co., It was
' Pimply a transfer of accounts. The court
did not allow it, and consequently it was
. out of the account of both sides—
and credit. ■. ,
"Schooler says that the heirs think
PIECES OF STAMP THROWN IN.
The Cocktail Bottles, Absinthe, Ginger and
Peppermint Are Now on the Tax List.
To stamp or not to stamp, that Is the question which 1? turning saloon
men gray and the revenue collectors rod in the face. 'lf 'on want get
a drink without paying for it ask Jesse Marks for an
illustrated lecture on the war revenue law. He knows
all about it— at least some one who looks very much
like him thinks he does, and that is the same thing.
•Will I stamp the absinthe, the ginger and the pepper
m'nt bottles that I use over the bar?" said the oracle
and wi.e man a few nights ago. "Well. I guess not
Now let me explain this to you. You see, I have maae
a study of this new law and am conversant with the
most technical and minute details concerning -It.
Really. I'm an authority on the sublet, and if discus
sion Miseß as to the validity or invalidity of any tax
-.„ liquors, consult me and you will not only receive _the
eorreot interpretation of the law as it is, but think of
't 1 will charge no fee." and then he stopped until he
recovered enough breath to rr-fUI his elocution apparat-
DS. His last words were: "No, the law distinctly
though by way of analogy, declares that the original
itre that is the imported bottle, alone needs
■ing. How many times have I told you that those
bar squirters are exempt?"
That was all uttered by the uncommunicative Jesse
three days ago. Last night he did not carry that wise
nor <I<<l he wear the same expression of oracular
learning "Yes, there's something wrong about that
ue law T see that we have been asked to stamp
the bar bottles though they are filled from bottles al
ready stamped. I didn't sleep last night, trying to
think out the logical reasons for the Government s new
order. No, something must be wrong with the cranial
works of the revenue collectors. Oh, yes, I have
stamped them, but it is not logical, and anything I
abominate is an Illogical person or act. Pretty soon we
v.ill have to stamp the glasses we set before you.
Every time a glass is raised to your mouth a new
Jitamp will be pasted to it. Now that is a logical re
mit, if you will t-ike time to consider it. Then another
itep along the path ot syllogistic reasoning. Pretty
soon we will have to stamp the ice we use in the eoek
aila. Now, you fellows who drink mixed drinks requir
ng a 'touch of th!s and a touch of that will have a doz
■n pieces of stamp— the cost of it. I mean— thrown in
vith every' drink. And there you are."
ot the only saloon man in town who has complained
at the same time complied with it. They are all shed
*tamping of the bar squirters every time they are re
>r of a gilded palace is thinking of holding a convention
some man learned in the intricacies of the war tariff will be
. alied to audmss them. They are all floundering in the deep sea of ignor
•nc -is to what should and what should not be stamped. This last order
which enforces the stamping of those bottles which are used over the bar
is the lever and they will demand authentic information from the proper
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 22, 1898.
there Is something wrong In tho matter
of the Progreso mine. vVhenever divi
dends were received they were reported \
in the yearly accounts. We received a |
dividend of $3000 only a few days ago.
Maxwell is one of the directors of the
mine. The property has been well man
aged since Maxwell put In a new super
intendent in May, 1595. The trouble with
the estate is that the assets are hard to
realize on.
"Schooler says the heirs demand an ex
planation about the Black Diamond Coal j
Mining Company's shares, appraised at
$34 010 and which I swore a few months
ago were worth SGS.OOO, the same being
pledged to the Bank of California for
. and sold for half of their value, i
Now when T was on the witness stand.!
I was asked what I estimated the value \
of these shares. The coal mine had for- .
merly paid a monthly dividend of 20 ;
cents a share for years. I said I con- I
sidered the stock worth $20 a share. I :
am accused of allowing them to be sold |
for half th^ir value. Schooler's charge
as to the JEO.OOfI note Is a mass of er
roneous statements."
Battle of Manila-
The Battle of Manila at Central Park
has proved a drawing card. At the per
formance last night a large and enthusi
astic crowd was present and everything
A off smoothly. The working of the
scenery is in better shape and the general
entertainment was run in better order.
DEWEY TO BE CONSULTED
AS TO THE PHILIPPINES
Appointment of the Peace Commis
sion to Wait Till the Reception
of the Admiral's Report.
NF.W YORK, Aug. 21.— The Herald's
Washington corespondent teleiErraphs:
The President remarked to-day In con
versation with Senator Proctor that he
wished Rear Admiral Dewey was near
enough at hand so he might be freely
consulted relative to the Philippine
question. The President spent nearly
half an hour discussing Admiral Dewey
and his admirable qualities as an offi
cer and American citizen and diplomat.
While it may not be feasible for Ad
miral Dewey to leave Manila and come
to Washington for consultation with
the President, it is said the President
has requested the hero of Manila to
submit in writing his views on the
Philippine question, and the delay in
announcing the peace commissioners is
dependent largely upon the reception
of such a detailed report and such sug
gestions as he may see tit to offer to
aid the administration in framing its
policy for the government of the far
away islands in the Pacific.
The President values the practical
observations of such men as Dewey,
Sampson and Schley in constructing
his foreign policy much more highly
than he does the suggestions of design
ing politicians.
THK rRYSTAI, SWIMMING BATHS.
Phvslclans recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming .baths. North Beach.
TAKEN OUT
MORE DEAD
THAN ALIVE
Ferdinan Fails to Stay
Under Ground.
HIS BURIAL WAS A FARCE
DISCOVERED GASPINQ FOR
BREATH BY HIS WIFE.
Afte- Being Rescued He Grows Inso
lent and Excitedly Declare
That He "Was
Jobbed-
Weak and exhausted and with persplra- |
tion oozing from every pore. Albert ; Ferd»- -
nan. the "hypnotic freak" as he <*<">***
to call himself, was dug out. of the :
"grave" in which he was buried yesterday
nfore dead than alive Fortunately for
him his wife shortly before 6 o clock just
three hour* after he had been lowered ,
Into the hole, looked down the tube con- |
necting with the coffin and discovered ,
Ferdinan gasping for breath. ™"\»'
wild cry she shouted to the few men who
were present to dig him out. _
"For God's sake hurry up,' she despair-
Inelv cried, "he is dying."
Standing on a board which was placed
alongside of the improvised grave Mrs
Ferdinan directed the efforts of the
"grave diggers" in removing the earth
which covered the box in which reposed
the "hypnotic freak." j After considerable
trouble the earth was removed and Ferdi
nan extricated. He was wringing ££
from perspiration, and begged to be left
alone. After kissing his wife he laid .
down on the sand and was soon sound j
a TnTburial of Ferdlnan took place short-
The burial of Ferdinan took place short- j
ly after 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon in
a vacant lot at Market and Larkin
streets. The strange performance began
by a brief address on hypnotism by Fer
dinan's wife, Omene, who poses as a
dancer and magician. She attributed the
power that Ferdinan possessed of sus
pending animation for days by the fact
that, like all great men, he was born
under the star Jupiter.
Then Ferdlnan, standing beside the
coffin, kissed his wife and extending his
arms began to twitch his fingers. Then he
pressed one hand on the back of his head
and the other on his forehead, and in a
few seconds fell back on the ground, ap
parently in a hypnotic state. It did not
take more than a minute altogether. _ ,
He was lifted Into the coffin, the lid ,
was screwed on and he was lowered into
the hole in regulation form, his wife su
perintending all the arrangements. Be
fore the lid was screwed down Dr. Bunnell
was permitted to feel his pulse and it
registered 90. Some time was taken up
in fixing a tube through which the elec
tric wire runs, giving the light to see
Ferdinan's face down a well about a foot
square, which was constructed on top of
the glass on the coffin and through which
the people look, and then the earth was ;
shoveled in and the performance was
over. The grave has a tent for a cover
ing
Ferdtnan was attired in a dark suit of
clothes, white shirt and white tie. He was
supposed to remain in the state of sus
1 pended animation until Saturday night at
9 o'clock, not receiving any food or drink,
during the week. He could get a little
air from the tube and the well if , he
was able to remove the glass on the
coffin. Some people who saw the perform
ance were skeptical and remarked that
there was nothing to prevent Ferdinan
from being resurrected and a wax figure
substituted when no one was around ex
cept his friends. That and similar scoff
ing suggestions were resented by Ferdi
nan's friends, who were willing that relays
of citizens should watch day and night
! in the tent."
Just three hours after the freak had
been buried his wife, who had not left the
grave, happened to look down the tube j
and was startled to see Ferdinan gasping
for breath. Tearing, her short chemical
locks she pleaded with the few men pres- j
ent to dig him out. The work of removing
the earth which covered the coffin was too
slow to suit the excited woman, and she ■
vainly pleaded for somebody to get her a
shovel. ,
"I knew something would happen, she
tearfully remarked. "Poor Albert will
never leave there alive."
Sergeants Conboy and Brophy, Detec
tive Anthony and Policeman Phil Fryer
kept the crowd back while the "grave-dig
gers" worked hard to extricate Ferdinan
before it was too late. After the earth
which covered the coffin was removed
Ferdinan's voice could be distinctly heard
calling upon his rescuers to "hurry up."
"Get a move on," he loudly shouted, "or
I am a dead one!" i
During the, work of removing the earth
Mrs. Ferdinan. dressed in a duck suit, her
head uncovered, stood at the side of the
"grave" tearfully pleading with the shov
elers to lose no time. Hearing her hus
band's voice she bent her head toward the
coffin and in tremulous tones asked him if
he were all right.
"It is pretty hot down here," replied the
freak; "tell them guys to get a move on
and let me out."
Just then a small portion of the bank at
the head of the "grave" gave way, partly
covering the coffin.
My God, he is smothered!" cried Mrs.
Ferdinan. again tearing her straw-colored
hair. "Albert, dear, do you hear me?"
Ferdlnan faintly replied that. he could,
and In a sort of whisper asked her to "get
the hobos away" as they interfered with
the shovelers.
The undertaker who had loaned the box
in which Ferdlnan was. buried appeared
at this juncture and suggested that the lid
be raised by means of straps.
"To with the straps," shouted For
dinan. "youse fellers will send me to the
Morgue if you don't get a move on. De
spite his objection the straps were at
tached to the lid. but failed to raise it.
Sergeant Conboy, in his anxiety to rescue
Ferdinan. fell into the hole, and it was
with difficulty that he was pulled out.
After considerable trouble the lid was
finally raised and Ferdlnan extricated.
Ho presented a sorry spectacle as he wa>i
helped out of the hole. His face was cov
ered with dirt, his collar was torn from
its fastening and his Prince Albert coat
was steaming with perspiration.
"What fool arranged that electric
lifht?" he angrily asked of his wife.
"That guy must have wanted to send me
to the Morgue." '
His wife, amid tears, cautioned him
against getting excited, and tenderly
Wiped the dirt -.from his face/:
'.'Let me alone," roared the angry freak.
"Somebody turn me loose."
Ferdinan evidently thought he was be- '■
ing lionized by a crowd after, a successful
test of suspended animation, but in this i
he was greatly mistaken. The few people ;
who were present laughed fit his failure, !
and the cry of fake was frequently ut
tered. After awakening from a short
sleep Ferdlnan explained. that the electric
light was placed too near his face, which
had the effect of arousing him from his
hypnotic state. The heai , generated from
the light was Intense, and as he was
about losing consciousness, he claims, his
wife discovered his 1 condition. '
"I guess it would have been all off with
me in a short time longer." he remarked.
"I felt myself goiner rapidly. The ; guy i
that placed the light in my face came
near cooking me. I suppose the people
will say I am a faker, but it was not my
fault that I was dug out. If they had
waited a short time longer they r would
have had a chance to go to my funeral."
As the pate receipts amounted to only
$1" BO Ferdlnan 'does not intend to give
another exhibition of suspended anima
tion in this city. .'"- .:- :■
Emporium Fishing Club's Catch.
The Emporium Fishing Club visited
Point San Pedro yesterday on their flr*t
oulinj?. whlrh was a decided success.
President Neuman caught a sea trout
weighing three and a half pounds. Mr.
McDonald was also lucky and landed a
four-and-a-half pounder. The total catch
by the club was seventy-two pounds, con
sisting of sea trout, red tail and perch.
J. J. COBBETT
RETURNS TO
HIS SAD HOME
Is Completely Broken
Down With Sorrow.
WILL REMAIN HERE A WEEK
HE IS ACCOMPANIED BY HIS
WIFE AND BROTHER.
A Requiem Mass Will Be Celebrated
For His Deceased Parents'
Souls To - Morrow
Forenoon.
James J. Corbett arrived In the city late
last night on the overland train from New
York to attend the funeral of his deceased
parents. He was accompanied by his wife
and his youngest brother. Tom. Corbett
is greatly ostrated with grief, and It
will be a long time before he will recover
from the shock.
Early yesterday afternoon Harry and
Frank Corbett, brothers of Jim, with
Charles King, their brother-in-law, went
to Benicla to meet the sad trio. Joe Cor
bett met them at the Oakland pier. Im
mediately on their arrival on this side of
t..e bay they were driven to the Corbett
residence on Hayes street, where the rest
of the family were assembled.
Corbett showed great emotion last
night, and had very little to say to news
paper representatives.
"Everybody knows why I am out here,"
said he. "I do not know how long I shall
remain here, but shall certainly be here
for a week. Before Igo away I may have
something to say to the papers, but at
present you must please excuse me from
taking.
No reference was made to his match
with McCoy, but it is more than probable
that the contest will be postponed In
definitely.
Solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
to-morrow at 10 o'clock at Sacred Heart
Church by Rev. Father Flood for the re
pose of the souls of the late Mr. and Mrs.
Corbett, at which all of the friends of the
deceased are invited to attend. The Inter
ment at Holy Cross Cemetery will be
strictly private.
Two Boy Thieves.
Rofe and Philip Moroso. 11 and 8 years
old, respectively, were arrested by Offi
: cer Silver last evening and booked at the
i California Street Station for petit lar
1 ceny. The boys were seen coming out of
the New Clay Street Market, and they
had in their possession two automatic
i stamps, two padlocks and a ball of twine
; which had been taken from the Market.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33 and 38.
222-224 SUTTER STREET.
SPECIAL
Monday — Tuesday —Wednesday
HAMS, best Eastern—
Resrularly 130 lie
CAPERS—
Surfln, D. & G., medium size bottle
. Regularly. 30c bottle 200
CATSUP—
"New Era," our bottling 1 .
Regularly Me bottle 15c
SHELF PAPER—
Extra wide, red, pink, blue and white,
regularly Me quire now 100
VEGETABLE SLICERS—
With adjustable blade: 6 inches wide;
17 inches long. Regularly 35c each 20c
SARSAPARILLA—
Schweppe's Imported.
Regularly $1 75 d0z...... per doz. 91.35
MALT WHISKY— *
"Acme," a purely medicinal whisky.
Regularly Sjc a bottle .'.bottle 75c
PORT—
Excellent California Wine, sold
Regularly at $1 a gallon gallon 05c
Send for Catalogue; Mailed Free.
/^^|^|lAKER5 OP
fl^^vjw?^ DeRFECt
"V^^VV flTTI[v|Q
ctacles^Eye Glasses
iDTiriAN^^Vv APPARATUS
Jil^ ;O p HOTOG^ iEHTIFIC '
642 Market st. instruments
unsts Cmo-ici* r.-jTiciNC. \ . V
WOODCURT'S Facial Soap, Facial Cream,
Facial Powder, if used daily, will Soften,
Whiten, Beautify and Preserve the skin and
prevent Wrinkles. Freckles or Chapping. J. H.
WOODBTRY, Dermatologist, 127 West Forty-
Bocond St., New York. ■ . ' .••-'":'
Munyon's Headacheand Indigestion Cure
Is the only remedy on tLe market that
will cure every form of Headache in 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and
every traveler's gripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures, 25c.
DR.MCMJLTY;
T<HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
i- Specialist Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of 11 en, free.' Over 20 y'rs'expp Hence.
Patients en red at Home. Terms reasonable. Houi»l
to3dnlly;6:3otoB:3opv'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
! tation free and sacredly confldentlal. Cull, or address
J>r. P. ROSCOE MtcXITIiTY,
IG , Kearny st .. Han Francisco, Cal.
IKb W m^ "SB _■_.
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. ,'. Cause
j perfect: digestion, complete .absorption and
healthful regularity.- . '■ ■ ' ::
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
1 Liver, Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder. Female 'Ir-
i regularities,' Sick Headache, Biliousness,' Con-
stipation. Piles and all derangements: of the
internal Viscera. 25 eta. a box. > At Druggists,
or by mall.' - RADWAT & CO., New Tork.
s ...-• ■..-... . . .-■.-■ f ■ ■, ■ , ..- . - -,
W'iQ ADVERTISEMENTS.
CITYOF #8% PARIS
DRY GOODS COmPANY.
CLOAK AND SUIT DEPARTMENT
/3QB I FALL STYLES! /as©
a a
OF
Tailor-Made Suits and Jackets!
GOLF CAPS — The Latest Plaid Effects in a Great Variety of Colors.
FUR CAPES I FUR COLLARETTES ! FUR BOAS!
Have Arrived and are Open for Inspection.
We will endeavor to continue our successful efforts of the
past season to carry the most complete assortment of
TAILOR-MADE SUITS, JACKETS AND_CAPES_- - - AT REASONABLE PRICES !
MILLINERY!
Mrs. Martin, who has just returned from Paris, has purchased
for this season some of the most exquisite HATS and MILLINERY
GOODS ever brought to San Francisco.
Due notice will be given of our opening.
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Southeast Corner Geary and Stockton Streets.
UNION SQUARE.
AMUSEMENTS. STATEMENT
BALDWIN THEATER.
FriadlMder, Qottlob 4 Co. V
BEG TO-NIGHT— MATINEE SATURDAY.
-——CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
MR. HENRY MILLER
In the Romantic Comedy, in Four Acts,
(First Time Here).
HEM RT^EMSE,
By CHARLES KLEIN and J. I. C. CLARKE.
As Given for Over 100 Nights at the Garden
Theater, New- York.
NEXT I Second Week of HENRY MILLER.
WEEK I First Time Here of THE MASTER.
COLUMBIA THEATER?"
Beginning To-night. Eleventh Week of
The FRAWLEY COMPANY,
First Time in This City,
WILLIAM H. CRANE'S COMEDT,
"ON PROBATION I"
By the Authors of "A Gold Mine." '
Prettily Staged! Effectively Cast. It s a
Story of an American and His Money Abroad.
IOEOSOO'S BRANDS
Walter Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
POPULAR PRICES telephone Main 532
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and sOc.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . lOc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
WEEK OF AUGUST 22. 1898.
Initial Production of the Sensational Scenic
Melodrama.
ORDEAL OF
TWO SISTERS!
By Dr. D. T. Callahan, Author of "The Legion
of Honor," and Louis A. Imhaus.
Fulton Ferry, with the Great Brooklyn Bridge,
Boats and Ferries Crossing the River.
Central Park by MoonHght!^^ -£ Scene ,
Steam Fire Engine. Drawn by Two Horses!
CONTINUED SUCCESS OF
MME. TAVART, World-Famous Prlma
Donna; Elsie Adair, Comedienne; Chas. Case,
Monologuist; -Biograph, Thrilling War Scenes;
The Hcgelmanns, Europe' l Greatest Aerialists;
Grant & Norton, Refined Comedy Sketch: Mc-
Bride Goodrich, Clog Dances and Songs;
Lillian Burkhart and ■ Company, in a New
Sketch. "The Salt Cellar"; the Macarte Sis-
ters. Thrilling Wire Act.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
f ivoLi OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Manager.
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT and every evening this week ex-
cept Sunday. Special Saturday Matinee.
Ponchielli's , Romantic Grand Opera,
•«I_/\ GIOCONDAI"
The Success of Last Season.
SUNDAY EVENING, by Universal Desire.
"FAUST." Great Casts'. Beautiful Scenery!
Correct Costumes'. Augmented Chorus and Or-
chestra!
NEXT WEEK— "MIGNON," "I'PAGLIAC-
CI " "CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA."
. Popular Prices, 23c and 50c. N. B— A re-
served seat for the matinee, 25c. Telephone
Bush 9. .
ALGAZAR THEATER.
SIXTEENTH AND LAST WEEK.
LEWIS MORRISON.
, Spectacular Production of
THE MERCHANT OF VENICE
PROFESSIONAL MATINEE THURSDAY.
Next Week— "THE BUTTERFLIES."
CHUTES AND ZOO.
IN THE FREE THEATER.
CANNON, THE 613-POUND SWISS, ALWAYS
AT HOME.
SEE SULTANA AND HER 3 BABY LIONS
AND AN ALLIGATOR IN THE ZOO!
A MATINEE EVERY DAY!
VISIT THE CAMERA OBSCURA.
The Only One West of Chicago!
A WONDERFUL VAUDEVILLE PERFORM-
ANCE!
" 10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children, sc.
AT VMDT 1 Eddy, ' cor. Mason— week of
oLlMrlA T HE GREAT ROYAL TOKIO
ACROBATIC WONDERS. Jugglers and Acro-
bat" KELLY & VIOLET: DAURELL & MIL-.
I LER -ROCKWELL. ROTCE SISTERS . and
Others. Admission free. Matinee Sunday. r
SUTROJBATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS,
ripen t>nlly from 7 a. m. until It p. re.
ADMISSION lOc -— - - CHILDREN So
j,..:n:nK. with a.lml««'"'. 25c: . uuiirr .. !i>o.
Beware of Imitations jj
yjtorcesTersMre(f)
&AU&
. - ' JOHN CUICAM'S 8ON«, AotNT*, NEW YORK.
OF THE
I CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FIRE ASSOCIATION
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1897, and for the year ending on
that day, M made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, purs'- ant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash • 1600,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estata owned by company: $276,800 09
Loans on bonds and mortgages 2,103,133 31
Cash market value of all stoek3 and
bonds owned by company 2.646,113 13
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 188,750 00
Cash in company's office 60,713 57
Cash in banks 255,713 20
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 23,316 68
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 51.105 66
Premiums In due course of collection 623,5*8 33
Rents due and accrued I, SOI 50
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid and
• for salvage 3,29« 94
Total assets : 16,239,334 51
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid — ....... 557.479 31
Losses in process of adjustment or '
In suspense '. 122.425 94
! Losses resisted, including expenses.. • 47,663 42
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning one year or less. 911, 335 61;
reinsurance 50 per cent 955,667 SO
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,961,-
973 43; reinsurance pro rata 1,034,874 15
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual fire insurance policies. 1,950,807 57
All other demands against the com-
pany 238.463 53
Total liabilities $4,437,357 33
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums $2,652,479 65
Received for Interest on bonds and
mortgages 125,074 S3
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 134.903 38
Received for rents 11,163 00
Total income $2,923,627 43
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding $195,94S 41, losses of previous
years) • $1,351,057 41
Dividends to stockholders 200,000 CO
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 580.931 73
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc — 159,739 93
Paid for State, national and local '■ __ _.
taxes 75,532 53
All other payments and expenditures 176,921 37
Total expenditures $2,544. 153 02
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year ... $1.386.958 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $296,184,339 $3,317,857 37
Net amount of risks ex- ,
pired during the year.i 266,134,135 3,223,073 33
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1597..... ! 353.652.352 3,573.312 04
E. C. IRVIN. President.
BEN T. HERKNESS, Secretary. •
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th
day of January, 1808.
' THOMAS B. PROSSER, Notary Public. i
T. C. SHANKLAND,
STATE AGENT.
JOHN D. RICHARDS,
MANAGER S. F. DEFT., ,':-:".:
21S> SANSOME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
VITALIS
"£29* THE SJSW
f^KA *gajy^ B> cDffjjpu
fIIALIO lCt!i2)aTr*^^^'O|^' >jl||
THE ABOVE RESULTS.jfiOth Day. '^B^ftip
It quickly and surely re- __. ■^■-~z%r^
moves Nervousness, Impotency, I Sum Day.
Nizhtly Emissions, Evil Dreams, l .
Wasting diseases and all effects of self-abuse ox
excess and Indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality,
Power and Falling Memory. Waids off Insanity
and consumption. Cures when all others fall. Insist
on having VITAI..IS. no other. Can be carried la .
the vest pocket. By mall $1.00 per package or sis
for $5.00 with a guarantee to Cure or .Refund
the Money. Circular Free. Address
CALUMET MEDICINE CO. CHICAGO, ILL
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F.. and Oakland.
\*^^sHfeAj.i.jß T?fs Cf is a non-polsnnooß
- *ArfSHgj!Bi* la '*<fe-!*t remedy v for ?■' Gonorrhoea,
j4HH^C(7HE&^KkI Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
/■fjJ^Mn 1 to 5 iayi.^9 Whites, unnatural dis-
BMf&M Gi»ranf?d V charges, or any laflunini.i-
i la-f Dot to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
If> 'fjPreTcp:a coo-.igion. ticu of mucous niem-
|f7«-I|n!FEvHNSCKEMiH»[ On. Cranes. Non-aatrinccnt.
V^\ C!NCINNST| .° 15^11 SOIU by Dpa * srUto -
ess£\ rr •> A %PW or Bent in plain wrscr^r,
.JHSfeT'W.. " • '^v4u ' fe y express, prepaid, - for
%^§%PBW$ i ~U $1.00, or 3 bottles, * 2 - 7J v
?^<J4ssjC**^i v W Circular t-nt ou r»%uutsb
' ">. :: " ' ■-•' ' ' ' ~ " ' •—■"/• — ■"' / ' :-..
I Cali.sl.sop3r YBap
78
ROSETTE IN HER
OLD-TIME FORM
Crack Greyhound From
Curtis' Kennel Wins.
SHE DEFEATS A STRONG FIELD
J. H bossetee;s metallic THE
RUNNER-UP.
Brilliant Sport at Union Coursing
Park Spoiled Toward the End
by a Very Heavy
Fog.
Rosette, the speedy black daughter of
Emm Pasha signalized her return to
form by winning the open stake handily
at Union Coursing Park yesterday.
Among the dogs she retired in various
rounds of the stake were: Grasshopper
Douglas. Magnet, Maad S (her kennel
mate) and finally Metallic, the imported
English dog, property of J. H. R°sseter.
Coupled with the manner with which
Rosette performed throughout the day,
was the remarkable consistency shown by
all the dogs sporting the colors of Curtis
& Son. Of the four dogs left for the next
to the final round three represented their
kennel. As an illustration how blod will
tell, it is only necessary to say that these
are' all brothers and sisters, being by
Emm Pasha-Rockette.
J. H. Rosseter pinned his faith to Firm
Friend, who, however, was hardly in the
running. He worked his way into the
third round where he was retired by
Miller's Maid. The hare favored the Maid
and after an extremely long course she
secured the decision. --.,. « ,
For a time it appeared that the nnal
course would not be necessary, as it was
thought Cavalier would retire Metallic,
thus leaving the three dogs of Curtis &
Son in. When the dogs met, however.
Metallic led to the hare, secured the turn
and won, shutting out Cavalier. Tho
etuke then lay between Rosette and
Metallic. They opened at evens in the
betting, but Rosette was soon installed
favorite, the odds lengthening to 5 to 3.
The result was never in doubt from the
moment the dogs left the slips. Rosette
led in a straight run up and killed, win
ning the stake. The latter part of the
day's sport was marred by the fog which
obscured most of the running. The de
tailed results were:
Open stake, second round — Curtis & Son s
Cavalier beat Pasha Kennel's Rich and Art
lt-ps F. Jones' Moonlight beat A. Johnson's
Llssak; Al Austin's Glenstone beat E. V. Sul
livan'a Mlra Monte; H. R. Baldwin's Forget
was beaten by T. Gaifany's Sir John Arnott:
E 4: R. Scott's Lord Byron beat E. V. Sulli
van's Royal Buck: M. Nealon's Van Knapp
beat E. & R. Scott's Seldom; Curtis & Son's
Maud S beat George Whitney's Theron; Cur
tis & Son's Rosette beat H. R. Baldwin's
Grasshopper; Larkey & Rock's Myrtle beat A.
Johnson's Mountain Beauty; Curtis Sa Son's
Miller's Maid beat J. H. Smith's Bendigo; Al
Austin's Douglas beat P. Hooper's Bendalong;
Pasha Kennel' s Flr«i Friend (a bye); T. J.
Cronlns Magnet bear B. & R. Kennel's Belle
of Seville: E. V. Sullivan's O'Grady beat F. C.
Macks Black Patti; Pasha Kennel's Metal
lic beat J. McCormick's White Wings.
Third round— Cavalier beat Moonlight: Olen-
Ft.>ne beat Sir John Arnott; Lord Byron beat
Van Knapp: Maud S beat Myrtle; Rosette beat
Douglas: Miller's Maid beat Firm Friend; Mag
net beat O'Grady: Metallic (a bye).
Fourth roun<l — Cavalier beat Glenstone; Maud
S beat Lord Byron; Rosette beat Magnet; Me
tallic beat Miller's Maid.
Fifth round— Metallic beat Cavalier; Rosette
beat Maud 8.
Final— Rosette beat Metallic.
LOTTIE M WINS.
The Champion Stake Was Postponed
at Ingleside on Account of
the Fog.
Thpre was a larpe crowd In attendance
yesterday at the Ingleside Coursing Park
to witness the competition for the cham
pion and non-winners' stake. The hare«
were unusually fleet, the weather in the
earlier part of the day fine, and had it
not been for the big banks of fog that
rolled in from the ocean toward the
close of the day's sport it might have
been one of the most successful day's
coursing- this year.
The non-winners'' stake was captured by
Lottie M in handy fashion, but the finals
in the champion stake between Conne
mara and Billy Gladstone were post
poned by Judge Grace until next Sunday
on acount of the fog. Mr. Grace refus
ing to judge the champion final round
unless the weather waa clear and the
betting public able to view the race. The
betting public yesterday broke about even,
as in the earlier part of the day the
short ends won and toward the last the
favorites secured all the money. Billy
Gladstone was the surprise of the day,
being runner up against such good dogs
as Rosie R, Johnny R and Hadiwist.
me results were as follows:
Non-winners' Etake, first round— S. Hans»n'i
L. S. Conley beat B. Dougherty' s Heather
Dell; Russell & Wilson's Victor Queen beat
K. W. Kennel's Burlington; Napoleon Kennel's
Pacific Queen beat I. L. Sears' Beauty; Lynch
& Mahers Lottie M beat J. Quane's Captain
Morse; P. Rally's Master Mat beat Handy &
Smith's Persimmons; Deckelman & Panarlo's
Royal Oak beat K. Campbell's Lee Boy; Lynch
& Mahers Liberty beat P. Gaffney's Sprig o'
Hill; D. Shannon's Systematic beat W. mi
ton's Decency; T. McHugh's Matchless beat
W. Perry's Campania; Derby Kennel's Little
Dorrltt beat J. Quane's Thad Stevens; Lynch
& Maher's Dakota beat Russell & Wilson's
Victor Chief; Larkey & Hock's Liberty Bell
beat Gibson & Moore's Monitor; J Farley's
Tullamore beat Kay & Tram's Innlsfallen; G.
Smarts Sllkwood beat P. O'Donnell's Counter
feit; D. Shannon's Soubrette beat Derby Ken
nel's Mona; R. Pringrle's Gladys Pasha beat
A. Vanderberg's Hobson; Kay & Trant's Sylvia
beat Alfred Halgh's Hattle; J. Strand's News
boy beat Penelope Kennels Las Palmas.
Seconcf round— L. S. Conley beat Victor Queen
Lottie M beat Pacific Queen; Royal Oak beat
Master Mat; Liberty beat Systematic: Little
Dorrltt beat Matchless: Liberty Bell beat Da
kota; Tullamore beat Silkwood; Soubrette beat
Gladys Pasha; Sylvia beat Newsboy.
Third round— Lottie M beat L S. Conley:
Royal Oak beat Liberty: Little Dorritt beat
Liberty Bell; Soubrette beat Tullamore.
Fourth round— Lottie M beat Hoyal Oak; Lib
erty Bell beat Sylvia; Soubrette ran a bye.
Fifth round— Lottie M beat Soubrette; Lib
erty Bell ran a t>ye.
Final round— Lottie M beat Liberty Bell.
Champion stalte. first round— Handy & Smith's
Ida beat Lowe & Thompson's Prince Hal; T.
J. Mclnerney's Rosie R beat I. L. Sears' Hot
Stuff; T. J. Mclnerney'e Johnny R beat Declc
elman & Panario'B Old Glory; J. Dean's Con
nemara beat W. H. O'Nell's Promise Me; Al
fred Halgh's Hadiwist beat Russell & Wilson's
Glenora; J. Dean'R Moondyne beat D. Hooper's
Koo Lawn; J. Kazan's Billy Gladstone beat
Rupsoll & Wilson's Lady Herechel; Handy &
Smith's Victor beat Connell Brothers' Log
Boy.
Second round — Rosie R beat Ida; Connemara
beat Johnny R; Moondyne beat Hadiwist; Billy
Gladstone beat Victor.
Third round — Connemara beat Rosie R; Billy
Gladstone beat Moondyne.
ROGER B. CORNELL
BESTS SID CAVILL
DEFEAT OF AUSTRALIA'S CHAM
PION SWIMMER.
The Contestants Raced Around the
Seal Rocks — Good Programmes
at the Park, Cliff and
Chutes.
Sutro's Baths was the Mecca of pleas
ure-seekers yesterday. The park, the
Cliff House and the Chutes all had their
attractions, but the swimming contests at
the baths drew the crowds. The feature
of the programme was a swim over a.
course of something over a mile, which
carried the contestants far and beyond
the Seal Rocks. Sid Cavill, champion of
Australia, and Roger B. Cornell, cham
pion rough-water swimmer of the Pacific
Coast, were billed to make the swim, and
thousands of spectators assembled at the
bathe and along the beach to witness the
match. It was about 3 o'clock In tho -»f- j
ternoon when arrangements were com
pleted. Both men, attired in light cos- j
tumes, met at the west side of the baths.
In the belts worn by the swimmers keen
edged dirKS were secured, arms with
which to fight off inquisitive seals and
combative sea lions. The contestants
plowed their way through the surf to the
starting line, and when they were abreast j
of it Edward Mowry, judge of aquatic |
contests, nred his revolver and the race i
was on. Cavill, who defeated Cornell in
a 220-yard dash the preceding week, was a
strong favorite. He was "leary" of the
currents and eddies, however, and fell in
behind Cornell in order that the local man
might pick out the proper course and
avoid danger. When opposite the Seal
Rocks a number of seals dropped with a j
splash into the water and swam rapidly i
toward the contestants, who. in accord
ance with a prearranged plan, closed up
in order to assist each other in case of an
attack. Morris tfehn, a boatman, whose
services were secured to follow the swim
mers, also shot his skiff up in order to
lend a helping hand, but it was not re
quired. The seals were simply inquisitive,
and after following for fifty yards or so
turned and swam back to the rocks. Cor
nell then took the lead again. Both men
swam splendidly in the swell, but Cavill
seemed to be taking things easy. When [
within a hundred yards of the shore he !
easily closed o- the gap between himself
and his opponent, and looked as though :
he would prove an easy winner. The
swimmers neared the beach, and Cavill
turned to await an incoming breaker to
carry him to s..ore. Cornell did not He
struggled on. When the breaker lifted
Cavill up onto the sands Cornell was eight
or ten feet ahead, and was declared the
winner. Cornell's victory was applauded
by thousands of spectators, many of
whom expected to see him left far in the
wake of the Australian champion.
Next bunday Cavill and Cornell will
swim 830 yarns in the big tank in the
baths. This will be the deciding contest.
Cavill won the first. Cornell came out
victor yesterday, and to which the medal
and purse will go will be known next
Sunday.
In the fifty-yard dash handicap race for
novices E. Denny won and H. Searight
took second prize. R. Dahl won the un
der-water swimming contest, and was
awarded a silver medal for his victory.
In the aerial diving contest, open only to
professionals. Fred Green of this city car
ried off the purse.
The programmes at the Park, Cliff and
Chutes were exceptionally good.
America and the Philippines.
"America's Privilege in the Philip
pines" was presented by Rev. H. T.
Shepard at Olivet Congregational Church,
Seventeenth and Noe streets, yesterday
morning in an interesting sermon, in
■which he held that the American people
owe it to the Philippines that they shall
not be returned to the merciless arms of
their false and unnatural foster mother,
Spain. , .
"This is the least we can do. he said,
"and be true to ourselves. We have en
couraged the Luzon insurgents to expect
freedom from Spain's misrule. They, like
the Cubans, have been oppressed. If
starvation has been less in the Philip
pines than in Cuba, extortion and moral
degradation have been greater. The
American people will be criminally false
to their trust and morally weak if they
consent to a return of the islands to
Spain, thus leading them back to the
door of commercial and moral death."
Advertisements.
Annual Sales 000,000 Boxes
FOE BILIOUS AND HEEVOUS DISORDERS
such as "Wind and Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head*
ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat. Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
■will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
JBEECHAM'B PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Sick Headache* Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN ,
eecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
■ And bare tb*
LARCEST SALE
•f any Patent Medicine l.i the World*
25c. at all Drug Stores.
STATEMENT
—OF. THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE—
transatlaSicfire
INSURANCE COMPANY .
OF HAMBURG. GERMANY, ON THE 31ST
VF day of December, A. D. 1897, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount °- f capital • stock, • paid up in WOO.™ 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company 187,500 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1.030,586 35
Cash in company's office „„„ «8 33
Cash in banks .. ■; 233,154 20
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans '. 2.671
Premiums in due course of collection 372,817 94
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 4,30181
Total asset* $1,731,379 89
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid, losses
in process of adjustment or in sus-
pense, losses resisted, including ex- _
penses •• ,•• $131,2*8 50
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less. $602,272 61; a
reinsurance 50 per cent..... 301,136 31
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year. $163,438 02:
reinsurance pro rata. 95,897 67
Gross premiums on burglary risks... 28,750 00
All other demands against the com- ,
■ pany 477.237 39
Total liabilities $1,034.289 87
INCOME. <*Jr
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums • 1698,667 87
Net cash actually received for bur-
glary premiums 35,235 44
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 41.685 80
Received for rents .' 6.225 00
Received from all other sources 2,543 68
Total Income ....'.... .'. $783,257 79
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $396,165 62
Net amount paid for burglary losses. 3,854 28
Dividends to 5t0ckh01der5..:.......... 45,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage .".' 111,449 69
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 52,371 64
Paid for State,- national and - local .
taxes • •••— -V 8.053 89
All other payments and expenditures \ 80,974 18
■ Total expenditures ......"... $697,899 10
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $451,992 38
Risks and Premiums. , Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount ' of ■ > risks • . ' : ;
written during the year $397,631,431 $1,606,942 87
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 222.348,463 674,307 89
Net amount in force De- :
cember 31, 1897.......... 248,235,467 765,710 63
J. BLUMBERGER," President.
Subscribed and sworn to . before me this ; 9th
day of April, 1898. HUGH S. PITCAIRN, -
United States Consul.
PACIFIC v DEPARTMENT:
213 Sansomc Street, San Francisco.
V. ARUS DRIFFIELD, Manager.
H. DANKEB, Asst. Manager,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 22, 1898.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR.* MEYERS & co.
vigS-S^SSEow If you want to be cured
>£3S23>SS=a»*9fei>k or strengthened ■ consult
GS^&qg^<*aj Dr. Meyers & Co. They
€fe2y IS have been successful In
'8*2% l W treating . diseases and
ySgJi _^ j^JrS weakness of men for 17
/Jjg? rS^fSsSt. years. They have the
|IW fHj^ttJ|J largest and best equipped
\ % \ — Ull Institution on the coast
\, m, ■ I '/^_M for treating ailments of
*$t)f' *£&*£*& Aliments recently con-
kS- lvlStvw^«4'Sßr \>. tracted or those which
•^£^. mMimS >? have become dangerous
jgjj?? S^ IrSßffiKSnßr^^* from bad treatment or
¥+=T OxL3sßSßfc^ neglect are quickly and
' 'I .^aPIISW permanently^ cured by Dr.
Meyers '&. Co.
Victims of nervous debility, partial or com-
plete loss of vital power, drains, losses, eto..
which have been brought on by excesses in-
discretions, • overwork. worry. etc.. quickly
and permanently restored. to perfect manhood. ,
No Pay Till Cured— Consultation Free.
You take no chances in treating with Dr. Mey-
ers & Co.. They will not only make you sound
and well, but you may keep your money until
you are "permanently cured. Dr. Meyers & Co. 8
dealings with patients, either at office or by
mail, are sacredly confidential.
While a personal - interview Is preferable,
thousands are cured without seeing the doctors.
Sufferers. who cannot visit the city or call on
a part of the staff when they make their regu-
lar monthly visits .to interior towns, should
write for private book for men, free treatise on
any. disease, symptom blanks. and advice. All
free. .v.; ■>■ ; _^
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market St., San Francisco.
T 1 irr CI i tati Hours daily 8 to ll— l to 5.
TAKE ELEVATOR Evenings 7 to 8
Hundaye 9 to 11.
PROCLAMATION.
BTATB OF CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEIPARTMKNT,
. SACRAMENTO, July SOth 1»98.
• WHTCREAfi, The Legislature of the BUU of
California, at Its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January. A. p. ISSi.
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
Of the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the JJ o .**** de-
acr-rbed amendments to ths Constitution of the
State of California, to-wlt:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
41.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California, ah amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the ConjiUtu-
ilon. in relation to revenue and .taxation, by
which It ii proposed to amend said section to
rtad a« follows: ..^..1,1,.
Bection.lS. W No county, city. town, township,
board of education, or school district shall In-
cur any indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding In anyyaar
the income and revenue provided for It .tor
such year, without the assent of two-thlrOs
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose. r a ?-
less before, or at the time of Incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for th»
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the Interest on such Indebtedness as It falls
due. and also provision to constitute a ■l nkln f
Fund Mr the payment of the principal thereof
en or before maturity, which shall not e*ef«d
forty .years from the time of contracting the
tame: provided, however, that the City and
County of Ban Francisco may at tny time ray
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work do oe for saia
city and county during the forty-third ana
forty- fourth fiscal years., out of the income ana
revenue of any succeeding year or y*ars, pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
rtruction of any sewer or sewers In sold city
ana county are hereby excopted from the pro-
visions of this section: and In determining any
claim permitted to be paiil by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner; and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo. In Solano County, may pay its exist-
ing Indebtedness incurred In the construction
of Its waterworks, whenever two-thirds or tne
electors thereof voting at on election held for
that purpose, shall co decide. Any Indebted-
ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception harelnbefore reel tea,
shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion, to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by th* inhabitants of
counties, of local county government acts ror
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows: of -y count,
Section 7H- The Inhabitants of any co""<T
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to tho Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders who
hive been, • for ■at least fly« years
electors of such county, to be elected by^the
qualified electors of such county, at any g en-
era! or special election, whose duty It snail be
within ninety days after suoh election tc .pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cat« by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county. and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
Shall then be published in two paper* of gen-
eral circulation In such county, or If there.be
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
feast twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication It shall be
subm'tted to the qualified electors of such
county at a general or special election, and" If
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, It shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for Its
Rejection or approval, as a whole, w thout
Sower of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall In such
ca*e become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act. and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such .county government act. certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of ouch county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
sottinr forth the submission of such county
rove?nment act to the electors, and Its ratifica-
tion by^ them, shall be made In duplicate and
deposited ™ In the office of the Secretary of
Itat the other, after being recorded In the
office' of the recorder of deeds In the county,
arnone the archives of the county.
courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
TKe county government act so ratified may be
■ mended at Intervals of not less than two
fe^rs by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
mfr'lfW electors- thereof, at a general or
spec a | election held at least forty days after
if." publication of such proposals for twenty
tavs in a newspaper of general circulation In
e'Sch county and ratified by at least three-
Pfths of the qualified electors Voting thereon.
and approved by the Legislature as herein pro-
vided for a; approval of the county govern-
rnen* act In submitting any such county gov-
ernment act any alternative article or proposl-
Hur mav 'be presented for the choice of the
voters? a ndmSy be voted on separately with-
out prejudice to others.
It shall be competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to . provide for the. manner in
which the times at which, and the terms for
which" the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed: for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or E e re e atlon of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall. have,
and for the compensation payable to each of
suoh deputies for the manner in which, the
times in whloh. and the terms for which the
members of all hoards of election shall be
"Icted or appointed: and for the constitution,
regulation, compensation and government of
such boards, and of their clerks and attaches;
also to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
Xucted- and may in addition determine the
test" and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate in any primary election.
Whenever any county has. In the manner and
method herein pointed out. adopted any county
Government act. and the same shall have been
approved by the Legislature as aforesaid, the
directions of sections four , and five of this
article providing for the uniformity of a
■vstem of county governments throughout the
State and likewise providing for the election
and - appointment of . officers, and the regula-
tion of their compensation, shall not apply.
Bald county government act shall, as to any of
the matters herelnabove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act. not be
subject to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature. -- except by amendment first
submitted to ■ the . electors and ratified In . the
manner, herelnabove set forth. .  .
AMENDMENT ".■ NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional ." Amendment '; No.
:--: : .'. \"- : - 44.) -■■"■:.■ ..■■'.,-.'
A resolution proposing to the people i of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows: "__
Section 6%. The Court of Claims shall con-
sist or any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor. to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
fif Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine all ' claims of every kind
«nd character against the State, under such
jaws as may be passed by the Legislature, ; and
Its Judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall • be held as fol-
lows: ';*- "- ■~:'^KPm^egssssßmsmmst
In the City ■ of : Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March
. In ■ the City -' and County of - San Francisco,
. eornmenelng ; on th* second . Monday - la ' July,
1m thf Jfltit -tit T"^nj »»
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A FASTIDIOUS MAN
Always ;es that his linen, and fancy
vests are well laundered, white and im-
maculate. We are catering just now to
the summer man in laundering every-
thing that is necessary to his hot
weather apparel. Negligee shirts,
duck, pique and crash suits, fancy
vests and white linen collars, shirts
and cuffs. Ladies shirt waists, dickies,
etc., we launder just like new.
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420.
the second Monday of November of each year.
The Judges holding such term of court shall
receive no extra comp<»nsation therefor, but
shall receive their actual expenses, to be paid
out of the general fund of the State treasury.
The Legislature shall enact all laws necessary
to organize such court, to provide the pro-
cedure thereof and to carry out the provision*
of this section.
■AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
A resolution to propose to the people at the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, amending article eleven,
by adding a new seotlon thereto, to be known
as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. The
said proposed new section to read a.i follows:
Section CM- The provisions of sections four
and five of this article shall not, nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city and county government,
Dow existing or hereafter formed, which shall
have become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under Beetles
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 86.) ,.'-.- ;
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California, an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of the
Constitution of. the State of California, by
which it Is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows:
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall be
elected at the same time and place and in the
1 same manner as the Governor, and his term of
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
Ha shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the impeachment of
the Governor, or his removal from office, death.
inability to discharge the powers and duties
of his office, resignation, or absence from the
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for th»
residue of the term, or until the disability
shall cease. And should the Lieutenant Gover-
nor be impeached, displaced, resign, die, or
become incapable of performing the duties of
his of ftc-j, or be absent rram the State, the
president pro tempore of the Senate shn.ll act
as Governor until the vacancy in the office of
Governor shall be filled at the n»r.t general
election when members of the Legislature shall
be chosen, or until such disability of the Lieu-
tenant Governor shall cease. In case of a va-
cancy In the office of Governor for any of the
reasons above named, and neither the Lieu-
tenant Governor nor the president pro tempor*
of the Senate shall succeed to the powers and
duties of Governor, then the powers and duti<»«
of such office - shall , devolve upon the Speaker
of the Aiwembly, until the office of Governor
shall be filled at such general election. . *y_; y i
"' AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment '
No. 38). '
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to Section
six. Article nine of the Constitution of the Bta;a
of -California, relating to grammar schools by
which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows: .-,"■•
Section 8. The nubile school, system shall In-
clude primary and grammar school*, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools,
and technical schools.as. may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied- exclusively to the support if
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
Schools shall include schools organized In a
school ' district, or un>lon of- school districts,
having more than one thousand Inhabitants. In
which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils to enter the cultural,
mining or scientific department or the Uni-
versity of California..
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 84). •
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State ■ of ' California an amendment to Section
two of Article four of the Constitution, in rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which it
is proposed to amend said section to read as
follows: - '
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of Its members,
and Khali be biennial' unless the Governor shall
in the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall th;n remain
In session for twenty-five days, after which It
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fall to agree
upon a time at which they will rerume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling, the Legislature «hall complete Its
session. No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
no bill shall be Introduced in either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of the
members thereof.
NOW. THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an net of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval. " approved March 7. A. D. 1»83.
the above-described nroposed amendments are
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of tin)
State, at th - election to .be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER ». A. D. 1398.
The said proponed amcndrients are to be sep-
arately voted upon ii manner and form as fol-
lows: JS "
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express his
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One." being Senate f
Constitutional Amendment : No. 41
(exempting certain claims against th« <
City and County of San Fnancisco, and
the existing indebtedness of the City ; Tea;
of Vallejo for the construction of Its-
■ water works from * the provisions ! of No
the Constitution, requiring such claims :
to be paid from the Income and reve-
nues of the year in which they were
■ Incurred).
For the Amendment? , ■"}" } ■ '
Amendment Number Two, -being Senate
Constitutional Amendment No. :10 Yes
i. (providing for I framing a local - county I —
government . acts by ; ■ inhabitants of f No'
'.' counties for their government). I
.For the Amendment? ,- . ( . • -.
' Amendment Number Three, being Sen- fI.
ate Constitutional = Amendment No. I
44 (providing' for the creation of aI.. - -
Court, of Claims to determine claims Yes
: against the State, - and ■to consist of .
three Superior Judges designated by No.
the : Governor to serve without extra
-compensation). ~;
For the- Amendment? ■; .'" '
Amendment Number ; Four, being As- ,
sembly ' Constitutional i Amendment
- No. ;87 ! (exempting consolidated cities Tea
• and "counties, organized or to be or- -
gantzed. or holding a charter un- No
or the Constitution, from certain leg- \
islation In relation to counties). • ; V
For the Amendment? „ . , :
Amendment Number . Five, being As-
- sembly ' Constitutional Amendment
No. 36 (relating. to office of Governor, Tee
"• providing for succession v thereto In —
certain cases and removing disabilty No
■■of > Lieutenant Governor ; from holding :.
other office during term). ■;..■;•/
For ■ the Amendment? '
Amendment Number Six. being Assem-
bly Constitutional ; Amendment No. . 38 Tes
(relating to and defining Grammar' ;
. Schools). - ;,' - •; 'No
For the Amendment? ;
Amendment: Number Seven, being As- -
- sembly Constitutional ' Amendment
No. 84 (providing for adjournment of Tes
Legislature for not less than thirty —
nor more than sixty days during each No
;'; '" session). ■■■''■■.•.■ V :-.■■'■' " ;: - '.. -SJ-r ■'■"-
For -the Amendment ?,'.'_
Witness my hand and the Great Seal ; of the
State of California. ; the day and year herein,
first above written. '- ""■ ■-* ;"y~l-*-*-; "•'-'-*
-.: ..-.!■■ ' JAMES •H. BTTDD, Governor. .
Attest: U. XL BaQBOJ^S^xeUiT at (State.
Luafiifei/--'
ADVERTISEMENTS. ._. _ __'
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE
PRUSSIAN NATIONAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF STETTIN. PRUSSIA. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1897. and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commlßsioner.
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company...... • $800 00
Cash market value of fjl stocks and
bonds owned by company 660,682 50
Cash in company's office .■ *0 34
Cash in banks 12,667 98
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 6,543 33
Premiums In due course of collection 94,672 30
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine ri5k5......:..... , :" 15
Due from other companies for rein- ■
surance on losses already paid i,"V) 7$
Total assets $782,443 SS
LIABILITIES. ;
Losses adjusted and unpaid $5,977 00
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense 41.829 94
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 8,486 00
Gross premiums on fire . risks run-
ning one year or less, $326,609 37:
reinsurance 50 per cent 163,804 69
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year. $321,378 08: ■
reinsurance pro rata -.-.. 111,635 02
Gross premiums on marine time
risks, reinsurance 50 per cent........ *,377 77
All other demands against the com-
pany 34,297 15
\ Total liabilities t.... $4 15. 817 57
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for lire
premiums $423.193 44
Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums 7,80172
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 25,082 50
Received for rents 50 50
Received from all other nources 387 50
Total Income $456,515 66
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire 1055e5....... $216,056 00
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 10,064 24
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 90,459 24
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 83,321 93
Paid for . State, national and local
taxes 12.042 64
All other payments and expenditures 51.832 24
Total expenditures $413,776 31
Losses Incurred during the year $226,214 68
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $43,400,435 $548,661 IB
Net amount of risks ex-,
pired during the year.. 18,204,945 484.157 12
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1897 52,124.012 648.007 45
Marine
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $1,152,068 $11,199 90
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 1,183,997 11,597 12
Net amount in force De- .-»,-,
cember 31. 1597 67,650 3.307 77
THEODORE W. LETTON, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22d
day of January. 1898. SIMEON W. KING,
Commissioner for California in Chicago.
W. LOAIZA~& COMPANY,
Managers,
216 SANSOME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Telephone 1597.
J. A. PRINSEN. Special Agent.
ST/\XE7VYEINT
— of the: —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— of THE—
NIAGARA FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ■ NEW TORK, IN THE STATE OF
New Tork, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1897, and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of . sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash .. $500,000 00
ASSETS. "f-.v-
Real estate owned by c0mpany. ...1. 51,000,000 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 302,700 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company....;. 1,074,955 00
Cash In company's office and in
banks 120,265 83
Interest due and accrued on* all
stocks and loans 4,202 31
Interest due and accrued ion bonds
and mortgages 8,284 16
Premiums in due course of collection 254,382 38
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire ana marine risks 333 34
Rents due and accrued 4,204 98
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 8,394 45
Total assets $2,767,722 45
LIABILITIES. .
Losses adjusted and unpaid, losses In
process of adjustment or in sus-
, pense, losses resisted, including ex-
penses '. $133,062 67
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,125,785 47;
reinsurance 50 per cent - 662,892 74
Gross premiums on fire . risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,375,-
435 31: reinsurance pro rata......... 734,731 73
All other demands against the com-
pany 123,269 28
Total liabilities $1,553,956 42
• INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $1,623,595 00
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages '7,097 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 44,442 68
Received for rents 27,328 00
Total Income $1,702.462 58
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $739,324 31
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 1.287 20
Dividends to stockholders.... 50,262 50
Paid or allowed for. commission or
brokerage • • • • 306,768 13
Paid for salaries, fees .' and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 155.42T 68
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 40.594 51
All other payments and expenditures 130,704 31
Total expenditures . $1,427,368 64
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year .. $726,535 67
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks ■
written during the year $212,275,658 12.133,295 22
Net amount of risks ex- •-
' pired during the year.. 204,272,901 2,031,882 48
Net amount in force De- '"^L'"~
cember 31, 1897 269.276.475 2.501.220 78
GEO. C. HOWE. Vice-President.
;.>VV: GEO. W. DEWET, Secretary. .
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January. JS9B.. - „ v ;; ' lf'j,f- <
" THOS. MOON. Notary Public.
W. LOAIZA~& COMPANY,
State Agents,
21(5 SANSOJVIB STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Telephone Main 1597. -
FRANK N. RUST, Special Agent
o©© © © © 6666 0 ob © poo o
%'*' PALACE «2
%ORAND Hi > TELS %
" 9 Alt rmANCiaco. q
" - Connected by a covered ; passageway. '-Jf -i
V 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. <*
O All Under On* Management. - . ' Q
© ' MOTE THE PBIOSS: . ' : A
Z European Flan .00 per day and upward Z
V American Flan. 3.00 per day and upward 9
f% , ■. Correspondence Solicited. . ■ £
2 JOHN 0. EIBSPATBICK, M.n&ftr. Q
o 0 000 poo 00000 ooq
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMIANA ) BITTERS, • TK«
great j Mexican remedy; five* bMdtb ■ mm '
> ftrtacta to tb* mm! organ* ;
_J -r» '^tfc'ar 8 *- ~* =£Sr ■ " niir
Subscribers camping at localities along the line of railroads
where there are no postal facilities can have The Call
thrown off at their camp by sending name and location
of camp to The Call Subscription Department
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS,
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
New and Commodious Hotel,
Elegantly Furnished,
Lighted by Electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY THE WATERS
AT HIGHLAND SPRINGS.
riNEST BWIMMINS TANK IN LAKE COUNTY.
This resort has no rival In variety and me-
dicinal properties of Its Mineral Waters. Its In-
vigorating Plunge, Hot or Cold Mineral Baths.
Climate or Scenery.
Physician In attendance. Deer and Small j
Game plentiful. ■
TABLE UNSURPASSED.
Reached by the Shortest Stage Route Into :
Lake County. Round-trip fare from San Fran- <
Cisco, via Hopland, $8: via Callstoga, $9. Fall ,
season hotel rates. $10 and $12 per week.
For further Information address
HIGHLAND SPRINGS, Lake Co.. C*l.
Or see. in San Francisco,
L. D. CRAIG, 316 Montgomery St.
PACIFIC
CONGRESS SPRINGS
Santa Clara County,
Three hours from San Francisco, via Los
Gates; 6 months roundtrip ticket, $4, or via
Santa Clara, $3 50. New swimming tank. 180x73
feet, and other Improvements.
Hot and cold mineral baths.
Climate, scenery and location uneq'ialed.
JOHN S. MATHESON. Manager.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S "WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt," elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming Lake. Long-distance Tele-
phone. Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms. $10 and $15 per week : $2 and $2 50 per
day. . ' R. M. HORTON, Proprietor.
01/ 1 PPO HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma Co.
\RAlill.l ''nly ■*% hours from S. F. and
UIinVUV but 9 miles staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
in State; telephone;, telegraph.;, dally mail:
FIRST-CLASS SERVICE: morning and after-
noon stages; round trip from S. F. only $5 50;
take Tiburon ferry at 7.30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m.
Terms, $2 a day or $12 a week. Reference, any
guest of the past three years. J. F. MUL-
GREW. Proprietor. " . ■ .:•."'. '■
THC fTTTTTrOQ wabm springs'.
LUO ixUILIUUO Kenwood, Sonoma Co..
On the bank of : Sonoma Creek. . An unrivaled
place for quiet reßt. Warm sulphur baths.
Fine swimming pool. Grand old oaks and other
natural attractions. Cheap fare. Liberal table.
Terms. $1. per 'day. School vacation being over,
can accommodate a few select people in tent or
cottage. For particulars address • MRS. P. T.
M. WATE, Kenwood, or P. T. M. : WATE, In-
ternal Revenue Office,' city. " . . . •
CARLSBAD
MINERAL SPRINGS.
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOT IN LAKE COUNTY.
Waters unsurpassed for . STOMACH, LIVER.
KIDNEY: and BLADDER • affections. Round-
trip ticket direct to Carlsbad Springs, Lake
County, via S. F. and N. P. R. R., $9. Terms,
$8 to $10 per week.
. W. R. McGOVERN. Proprietor.
JVI \nPrklVF mineral, SPRINGS,
JYIA\LJ IV*_FI^II-. Santa Clara . County. A
first-class mountain 'health ; resort. Elevation,
2200 feet. Cures asthma," indigestion and kid-
ney troubles. Terms, $9 and $10 per week.
Stage connects with morning trains at Madrono
Monday, Wednesday and Saturday.
JAMES CARTER, Manager.
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation, 6009 • feet.
Dally mail. Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June 1. Address GOUL-
DEN & JACOBS. Dormer. Placer Co.. Cal.
SPRING VALE RANCH. ~.
Santa Cruz Mountains. Pleasure and health
resort. Delightful walks through redwood can-
yons. Hunting and fishing. Fresh fiuit. Table
first-class. Free bus. Write for pamphlet.
WHITCOMB CO., Soquel. Cal.
Face to Face
The pleasure of a confidential chat
is doubled by the sweet breath that
goes with a well-ordered system.
And that is always insured by
Sweet breath, bright eye, RIPANS • TABULES
clear complexion,
RIPANS • TABULES
MAOIC SANTA • •
pPfs CATALINA
America's greatest field for health and pleas-
ure. Most phenomenal rod and reel fishing in
the world. The wonderful Marine Gardens;
the great stage ride; delightful coast excur-
sions; novel o door sports; dancing; pyrotech-
nics; water carnivals, etc. THE FAMOUS
MARINE BAND r.- splendid ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL METROPOLE,
Always open; modern ap--'ntments; efficient
management.
ISLAND VILLA,
Open July 1. Splendid arrangement for
campers.
Full Information, rates, Illustrated pamphlets,
Wilmington Transportation Company,
222 South Spring st. Los Angeles, CaJ.
_,^ /«. -^ *J CONTRA
IIYDOAi COSTA CO..
I B H "V**-^' CAL.
& Hotel new throughout; lighted with
»I» I! cv acetyline gas; hot salt baths, cure
1 ijjfi rheumatism; new and commodious
* US swimming tank; scientific sanitary
\ £■ methods; rates low. Address
1 ML A. BETTENS,
"^CT SP&iNOS Manager.
"-"ft REST and HEALTH
• in the foothills of th« Sierra BfarColfu. on <'. F.P..R,
Plain, qniet retreat, finest scenery, wate r. mountain air,
frnit, m<l all the year around climate in California.
ldfal cr..undi andscrronndlnji. On R. R., Mo mi!" from San mi
$8 a week. Open all year. Seed for Booklet.
Address: Oirhur! ?nrli»»^ Clii-srn Park. Tal.
MARK WEST SPRINGS
The best pleasure and health resort and
mineral springs in__California. Terms $9 to
FRESe" &r& r P JUERGENSEN, Mark "West
Springs, Sonoma County, Cal.
U/Ml7 -A F"*IX SPRINGS.
HOWARD putah o 0N a fv
. Accommodations unsurpassed.
Rates $&, $10 and 512. Special terms to faro-
| ilies. .Postoffice and telephone.
Round trip. 910. Southern Pacific office, 611
I Market street.
| Address ■ MRS. R. J. BETKBT.
THE WEEKLY GALL
cJ It Publish^- the Cream of ttit
7) New* or the Week and
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
10/ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
©< it IS THE BEST WEEKLY
rJ PAPER ON THB
| *J PACIFIC COAST
3 The Best \ / Mining
°\ Telegraphic , \jr News Thai
o( Service on /\. Is Accurate
c* The Coast / \& up to dat»
°\ , / X __
'be Not a Line of it Sensational
cJ or Faky, and Not a Line of
gj i it Dry or Uninteresting.
Cx Bright, Clean, A Champi** «f
) Thoughtful. 1 ruth.
2 A CALIFORNIA MWSPAPEK
3 ; ALL THE TIME.
Z) IT ADVOCATES I SENT BT -,
) HOME MAIL, 51.50
INDUSTRIES 1 ▲ YL4M.
1ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
LADIES WILL
&. LEND A HAND
Civic Club Will Call a
Mass Meeting.
TAXES SPENT TOO FREELY
COTJNTY CLERK'S REPOBT IS
.'";' .'■'■ BEING CONSIDERED.
Supervisors' Mileage and the Money
•■• Given to Indigents a Sur
■.'■'. ' prise to the Ladies of
. • . • . Oakland.
.'.••...■' :; Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. .' : '•*: Broadway, Aug. 21.
• • .The most influential ladies of this city
■Yjntend to tak-- an active part in municipal
. [ and • county affairs during the winter
■'•months, and their organisation, the Oak
:.'lJa.nti Civic Club, will call a mass-meeting
.to be held at the Unitarian church some
. . timi? next week. The speakers have been
-.chosen, and are: Mrs. Charles Webb
•■.'.Howard, Mrs. Dr. Myra Knox, Mrs. Dr.
■ jSb.u-ey and Miss Mollle Conn< rs.
•':■ 'The club has been organized for the
:. campaign!, with the following board of
tors: Mrs. P. B. Glnn, Mrs. George
W. Percy, Mrs. Charles Webb Howard,
. Mrs. Goddard, Mrs. Musser, Mrs. A. \V.
: Bishop, Mrs. J. J. Campbell, Mrs. L. A. j
>th and Miss Mary E. Keene.
.'..•..■ The Civic Club will also discuss the |
'■'■. plans for the improvement of Lake Mt-r
:Ttti.' It Is understood that there will be \
■ much opposition to the payment of $80,000 |
■ for .this improvement out of one year's j
city tax levy, but the ladies believe that j
: ;thi*s amount can be saved from present
f proper economy be practiced, j
of the chief subjects now before the
'■'•investigation commitu-e is that of county
The County Clerk's annual re
.. port has furnished the basis for much j
.work,' as it contains every cent of ex-:
pendlture for county government for the
year. Many details have already
■ been' taken up. and at the mass-meeting,
'. -which will be held before the county pri
maries, many startling statements will be
■ made ' The enormous amounts spent for
•'mileage and for the relief of indigents by
. t he '8 has astonished the mem
• -bers of th- club, and they will in turn
.■:open the eyes of the taxpayers.
■ -Hiss Mollie Conner?, chairman of the
•: investigation committee, is earnestly at
> work, and - that the work of the
'•; Civic Club will produce a marked effect
.on the November local election.
THE RAILWAYS ACTION
IS APPRECIATED
.:■ BERKELEY TO RETURN THE
COMPLIMENT.
' They Will Buy a Stand of Colors for
' ■ the Ferryboat Named After
Their Town.
BERKELEY. Aug. 21.— is now under
. stood from the officials of the Southern
f Pacific Railway Company that the new
ferryboat, to be launched in September, is
: -to be called the Berkeley. The merchants ,
.and' residents' of 'ttf? university town feel
• much gratified over the railway com- ]
.pany'e action in this regard, and they are !
• -preparing to return the compliment. Presi
dent J. \V. Richards of tne Board of Trus
' tees has suggested that the new steamer j
be provided with a handsome stand of col
ors, and the suggestion has been received
very favorably so far. If the present plans
•are carried out, the flags will be ready for
r.tation in time to be used on the j
boat as it slips into the bay.
President Richards would like the Board |
of Trustees to take official action in the j
matter, but seeing this to be impossible, j
he'intends to appoint a citizens* committee
to carry the proposal into effect. This
committee will be composed of two mem
bers from each precinct In the town. They
will be asked to solicit public subscrip- •
tions from the residents of their own pre
cincts, the subscriptions not to exceed $1
each. As soon as sufficient money is ob- .
tamed the committee will be charged with
the -duty of selecting and purchasing the |-
•colors, and they will be officially presented
/to- the Southern Pacific Company.
"" "Regent J. B. Reinstein of the University !
•-'of California is also known to be lnterest
ed In .the naming of the new steamer, and
.•he is planning to return the compliment
/*p behalf of the State University. He
.would like to have the panels of the in
•■.terior on the upper deck painted with
"Views- of the different buildings on the
•■■Co-liege campus as they are to appear
■' -'when. the new architectural plans are
-..completed. As that is altogether out of
■ the question he will endeavor to obtain a i
.".large size oil painting of the college '
• buildings as soon as the final drawings
•.have. accepted, and ask the railroad
. company to give it a conspicuous place in
-...ihe- vessel's cabin.
:\' ,' Oakland Church Services.
"'■ : OAKLAND. Aug. 21.— Rev. J. B. Siicox.
. : -who is again in charge of the First Con
• .gregational Church, Sacramento, having
•"-'• recently come from a large Chicago j
. £h-urch, Is spending a few weeks here with
.-■friends 'and occupied the pulpit, this 1
'•".morning and evening, at the Market
• street "Congregational Church.
: v.V. Marshall Law, rector at the
. .Church of the Advent, East Oakland.
' gave' an interesting account of his visit I
•".to/ "the English Bishop of Honolulu, in
• place" of a sermon this evening.
• • "Th.- Passing and the Permanent," was
.' Rev. R. F. Coyle's topic at this morning's
•service In the First Presbyterian Church.
' 'This' evening he Bpoke on "The Pro
• gramme of Christianity."
■ "'.At theiFirst Free Baptist Church Rev.
'■■ Jr.. I. "Wheat of Brooklyn, N. V., spoke
: . this morning, and this evening Rev. Philip
: Gr?lif, the pastor; delivered his first dis- ;
/" course of a series on the great racial !
•'"types apd ideals. of religion.
V ..'R.ey. <'. M. Hill discoursed at the Tenth ''
.'■i'-Jtv-fnue-TJaptist Church this morning on
''-'Distinctive Views of Baptists on Four
; r .P.oint»." "In the Race" was his evening
V-.tOJjJC. -A "\^r
■•••• "Complete, in Christ" was Rev. ,E. R. j
r.'.IMUv'H 'morning subject at the First M. E.
• •Church. In the evening he spoke on "The
:V.- ■ :■ Man Who Sold His Heritage.". \ .
• .Rev. Payson Young delivered the morn- i
_ .-.ing -sermon on "Scriptural Land Marks"
;-'at. ; First English Lutheran Church,
-'.ana this evening Rev. > Mr. Mover of
.-. .Berkeley occupied the pulpit.
: ..-. 'II > •' IV McClure officiated as rector at
•' : St:' Paul's Episcopal Church to-day, the
.regular rector, K. Ritchie, being away on
'■ ahrief vacation. i
■'. .'"•' '.'• llo , bart - pastor at the First Bap- i
.-tl.st- Church, preached on "The New Op
• .port-unity" this morning. At the evening
. services, during which th*re was baptism*,
.-••he spoke on "Duty and Destiny"
. - .Evangelist Martin occupied the pulpit
. .-morning and evening at the First Chris
■•-.tian Church; At the evening services he !
• ; spoke on "Christianity and the Colleges." :
•: -. "" Irrigation Plants Needed.
,■••/ 6AKLAND. Aug. Owing to the very •
:-'dr.y season the farmers in and about
. .Kilos are resorting to irrigation. Senator
-.■■ £ohn L. Beard has had a deep well bored
• on bis place and with a six horse power
"=.engine raises about a million gallons a I
•.day, and among the others who have
• -stiirted similar plants are* Joseph Tyson
:. Henry Tyson, E. A. and 11. G. Ellsworth'
•■-: Joseph Shinn, C. B. Overacker, William
..' J'rjer and George Lowery.
••' ■ ■, ' The Nelson Inquest.
-• :. OAKLAND. Aug. 21.— Coroner Baldwin
.find- a Jury will to-morrow night Inquire
;..-int():the death of Mrs. Tina Nelson which
.:. occurred at Fabfola Hospital a few days j
v.ago;. Dr. C. J. Sharp, who is suspected
...of .having performed a criminal opera- |
: ttfin'on the deceased. Is still in the City
.Prison, and will probably be formally
■Charged with manslaughter to-morrow.
'■■ : The Eighth .Wins Again.
'■'[. OAKLAND, Aug. 2L— The Eighth Regl
INTERVIEWS THAT WERE FAKES
Alice Rix the Only One of the Newspaper Repre-
sentatives in Honolulu Liliuokalani
As evidence that the purported interviews with ex-Queen Lllluokalani
printed in the Chronicle and Examiner were the baldest sort of fakes, the
subjoined letter from the dethroned ruler of Hawaii is ample and suf
ficient. The letter also proves the genuineness of the story sent to The Call
by Alice Rix. The Call's correspondent, as the letter plainly says, was
the only newspaper representative that Liliuokalani would receive. The
letter is voluntarily addressed to the ex-Queen's financial agent, in re
sponse to frantic demands from the Chronicle and the Examiner repre
sentatives for some expression from her upon the political situation, in
which they succeeded in misrepresenting her, without securing the state
ment of so much as a word:
ment baseball nine returned to Camp Bar
rett to-day with another victory, having
defeated the team from the Seventh by a
of 13 to 12. The game was played
at Elmhurst and a large throng of spec
tators attended. The teams were made
up as follows:
Seventh Reg. Positions. Eighth Reg.
Williams Catcher Clark
Mungerl Pitcher Beville
ricks First base Wilson
Tra nor Second base Mack
Barkla Short stop Winters
Fahe Third base Foster
Beaver Left field Peragi i
Johnson Center field Denwiddle
Newcomb Right field Sewell
On the St. Mary's College grounds this
afternoon the Grand Rule Bazaars won
a game from the St. Mary's. The score
was 2 to 1.
. ♦ ■
A FIGHTING FAMILY.
Brothers Engage in Battle Over Pos
session of a Child.
OAKLAND. Aug. 21.— Thomas Oakes
of West Berkeley was arrested to-night
by Constable Ehinger on a charge of an
assault with a deadly weapon and locked
up in the County Jail. Judge Clift fixed
his bail at $600. The prisoner says that
It was his brother who should have been
arrested.
Thomas Oakes missed his four-year-old
son to-day, and. thinking that he might
be at his grandmother's home, went there
to investigate. The boy was there but
Grandma Oakes was at the gate and re
fused him admission, for the family has
had some trouble within its circle of
late The son broke down the obstruc
tion* and during the excitement Mrs.
Oakes was knocked down, receiving a
seal}, wound. Oakes' brother her.- came
upon the scene with an ax. and the two
men went at it hammer and tongs until
the constabulary was called upon for as
sistance and Thomas was hustled off to
laJl under the charge mentioned.
The elder Mrs. Oakes. it appears, is.
very much attached to her son's little
boy and acording to Thomas' statement,
hals 'repeatedly threatened that she would
get and keep possession of him.
Lincoln Gun Club.
ALAMEDA. Aug. 21.— The last shoot of
the season of the Lincoln dun Club took
place to-day at Alarm-da Junction. In the
final shoot of the club match for Ji.jO in
•cash, at twenty-five birds, the scores
were:
Klevesahl 21; Xauman 22. Webb 24, Halght
2.-, Keuilner 23. Flickenper 23. Franzen JO, Be
keart 21. Kerrior.n 2". Mfßac 22. Ooleher 20.
Andrus 20, Daniels 23. E<lgtar Forst^r 22. Kar
nev 21 Eugene Forßter 18. Ftschet 19, Bruna
■>» " Yvenzel SO, Javette 16. Shaw 21. Shprc-k W,
Biuni 17 Larey 13, Hlnkle 17. Price 18, Os
trander 16. Williams 10, Shackleton 8.
The winning men were selected from
the four best scores in the season s six
shoots, as follows:
Kauman and Haiirht divided $20 in the first
class. Franzen, Klevesahl and Edgar Forster
divided %2'> In the second class. In the third
Golcher, Bekeart, Mcßae and Daniels divided
first money, 118, and Kerrison took the sec
ond money, $12. ... a »
In the fourth class Price took the first
money, $15. and Wenzel second money. $10
In the fifth class Shackleton, first money, $12,
and Ostrander second money, $8.
Nauman was Riven the high average medal.
A handicap merchandise shoot followed, the
shooting being good. Murdock took the first
prize, a shotgun. In the ties.
DEWEY'S RELIGIOUS FAITH.
VALLE.TO, Aug. 21.— Admiral Dewey's
religion is, apparently, a matter of no
Fmall interest to his grateful fellow citi
zens throughout the country- The hero
of Manila has been accredited to almost
every denomination In Christianity, but
comparatively few are aware that he Is
an Episcopalian. Tt has been published
that he Is a <'atholie. and an article is
now going the rounds of the Eastern
press denying this and asserting that
Dowey 1p a Presbyterian, having joined
Rev. Theodore K. Burnham's church
while stationed at the Mare Island Navy
Yard several years ago. In consequence
Rev. Mr. IJurnham has received hundreds
of letters from all parts of the United
States asking for particulars of Admiral
Dewey joining his church. The pastor
slates thai Dewey never joined his or
any other Presbyterian church, but is an
Episcopalian, and a member of <>n<> of
fhe congregations of that denomination
In his home city. Montpelier Vt
CRAZED BY THE HEAT.
TUBA CITY, Aug. 2L-Jamea Welch, a
laboring man. committed suicide at noon
to-day by hanging himself. Deceased was
overcome with heat about a week ago
and taken to the county hospital. He be
came demented and ran away on Friday
but was caught and examined by a lu
nacy commission and ordered committed to
the asylum at Napa. He was confined in
the insane ward here, and when the
Sheriff wont to take him to dinner to-day
he was found hanging to the bars of the
window. He had taken the Bheet from the
bed, tied it around his neck, climbed
on a chair and fastened the other
end of the sheet to the window
bar. then kicked the chair from under
himself and choked to death. Deceased
was a native of New York, aged 3<i years
and unmarried. He had no relatives in
this State so far as known.
Despondent Ends His Life.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Aug. 21.—
Robert Rouse died this morning from
the effects of morphine taken with sui
cidal intent last night. He was de
spondent because he could not make a
success of the lease which he had been
operating on the Republic mine the la.st
two years. Other lessees of the same
mine cleared $10,000 a month. House
came from Canon City, Colo., seven
years ago, when gold was first discov
ered here. His wife was one of the first
women In the district. They had two
children.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 22, 1898.
Would Receive.
TALK OF THE
RACE TRACK
Auspicious Opening Day
at Santa Rosa.
WHOISIT IS A CHAMPION
EXCELLENT SPORT ASSURED
AT SACRAMENTO.
The Carrigan-Brenock Truce-Jock
eys Indefinitely Suspended — Fu
turity Candidates as a Book
maker Sees Them.
The results of the contests of the first
flay at the Santa Rosa meeting arc very
Important to breeders of light harness
horses in California. So extraordinary
was the racing from a time standpoint,
so exciting from a spectacular point of
view, that the greatest of enthusiasm
prevailed, and the immediate revival of
the great American sport, contests be
tween trotters and pacers, looks cer
tain.
The performance of the "new" three
year-old trotting gelding Who Is It was
a record-breaking one, for when he
trotted In 2:12 he took a second and a
quarter off the best on record. His
owner, A. G. Gurnett, president of the
San Francisco Stock Exchange, Is so con
fident he possesses a champion that he
offers to match his young gray ghost for
$5000 against any three-year-old gelding
in the United States, provided the race
comes off upon a California track within
sixty days. Who Is It was trained at
Pleasanton, and late last spring capable
judges pronounced him the coming cham
pion, notwithstanding he had never
"come up for the word." He made his
mark of 2:12 in the second heat of the
2:18 trot, defeating May B and Myrtle
Thorne.
Mr. Gurnett, owner of Who Is It, Is an
enthusiast over fast light harness per
formers, and is one of the directors of
the Pacific Coast Trotting Horse Dreed
ers' Association, under whose au.spices
the Santa Rosa meeting is held. Much
Better's three heats in 2:1O 1^ in the 2:13
class pare was another notable showing,
and I. Direct, by Direct, 2:OSVi, paced a
second heat in 2:13 in the 2:19 class race.
Peter Williams' chestnut horse beat Zom
bro and Mamie Griffin in the free-for-.'Ul
trot in 2:11, 2:11, after Zombro had taken
the first heat In 2:13.
The Hat of entries to the trotting and
pacing races at the State Fair meeting,
which begins Monday. September 5, is
exceedingly gratifying to the manage
ment. Ail the events are well tilled. The
first day there will be the 3:00 trot, 2:17
trot, 3:00 pace and 2:IH pace. On Wed
nesday, September 7, the 2:12 class pace,
mile and repeat, comes off, with such
good ones in it as Hi jo del Diablo, Flora
cit.i, Betty Gentry, Prince Almont, Beach
wood, Sophia X, .Bernard, Fitz Lee, Hex
Alto, Little Thorne and the Santa Rosa
winner, Much Better. On Friday, the
9th, Toggles, Zombro, Monterey, Galette
and Mamie Griffin meet in the 2:10 class
trot, and Monday, the 12th, a big Held of
good nries comes up for the word in the
2:15 class pu'.tv. and on the 14th many in
the 2:15 pace meet in the class pace.
On Friday, the 16th, a grand programme
is presented, consisting of the free-for-all
trot, 2:16 trot, 2:20 trot and 2:23 pace.
The stakes for the gallopers at the
State Fair meeting filled pretty well,
though the entries are not as numerous
as Last year or in 1596. Among the events
we note the Dewey and the Shafter
stakes, and in the list of entries are such
on«B as Jiuckwa, Scarborough, the
once-great Qilead, Colonel Wneeler, Shas
ta Water, Harry Thoburn, Cromwell,
Wheel <;f Fortune and Grady among the
older horses. In the two-year-old stakes
are Magdalenas, Bonibel, Ucorona, Cross
melina, Obsidian, Midlove, Hauler, Fever
sham, Ann Page, Jennie Held, Casdale,
Llmewattr, Modwena and others, many
of unknown ability, making matters all
the more interesting. Among the three
year-olds entered are Marplot, El Moro,
Miss Rowena, Arbaces, Plan, Charles Le
Bel, Racio, Barney Schrelber, Valen
cienne, Los Prietos and Highland Ball.
John C. Humphrey secured the betting
privileges, paying $12,500 for the twelve
days.
Tod Sloan rode out one winner on Fri
day at Saratoga and three on Saturday.
On the afternoon of the latter day there
were five races, Clawson piloting the first
winner, T. Sioan the next three, and
George' Cochran the successful one in the
jump (Forget). This certainly gives a
strong California flavor to the racing at
the Springs.
The California and Oregon horses did
well at Buffalo. N. V.. on Friday and Sat
urday last. On the first-named day Che
hallis paced the third, fourth and fifth
heats in 2:06, Frank Agan winning the
first and second in 2:OSVi. t.vih*. On Fri
day at Anaconda, Mont., four of the six
races were won by California-bred horses,
and in another great event one was sec
ond at the finish. Saturday at Anaconda
the winners, Torlblo, R. Q. Ban. Charlotte
M. and Miss Rowena. are from the sta
bles of California turfmen. Charlotte M.'s
was a Btake win. She belongs to the es
tate of B. C. Holly. At Buffalo on Sat-
urday Anaconda, the pacer, barred in the
betting on account of the race being con
ceded to him. won in three straight *ieats;
time, 2:07. 2:08, 2:08%.
The Sheepshead Bay meeting begins to
morrow, and on that date the richest of
ail two-year-old stake events, the Futu
rity, is to be run. ' '■'■
The doing away with the recall flag at
Hawthorne to meet wmi favor on
all sides at the hands of - turf men. The
veteran, J. F. Caldwell, is doing the start
ing.. W. T. Bruen acted as starter for a
week, and did his work satisfactorily. It
seems Mr. .Caldwell was engaged six
months previously.
Lizzie Kelley, a .Windsor winner, is 4by
Getaway, from Callie Ferguson, a Cali
fornia mare, by Joe Hooker.
The "St. Louis racing officials have in
definitely suspended Jockeys Warren,
"Tip" Leigh and Snell and recommended
the revocation of C. Clay's jockey license.
A book was made on the Futurity in
New York, and a mighty, "cinchy" one it
was, with Filon dOr and Glenheim at 3
to 1, Autumn and Captain Sigsbee at 4 to
1. Ahorn and Sir Hubert at 6 to 1, Mar
timas, Mallakwa, Dr. Eichberg and
Prestidlgitatrice 8 to 1 each.
To the surprise of thousands of people,
there were no more raids at Hawthorne,
and the meeting closed Saturday without
further trouble, though everything. looked
ripe for a genuine battle on Monday after
noon. August 15. . The defeated deputy
constables were anxious to get even, and
Corrigan and his crowd had made prepa
rations to hold the fort at any cost.
Leading turfmen having the interests of
the turf at heart took the matter in hand
in time however, and. It is said, com
pelled the combatants, Corrigan and
Brenock, to talk over their troubles. Then
the argument on the injunction was con
tinued. Finally Justice Prindiville was
seen, and he called in the fourteen war
rants for the arrest of Corrigan's hench
men After all loopholes for trouble had
been closed the horsemen prevailed upon
John Brenock to give in first, because he
was the one who had begun the legal pro
ceedings. . ... .
Brenock claimed It "was his friends who
had stirred up the pot of trouble. Fur
ther he swears he ordered his men on
the unlucky 13th not to flo any fighting,
telling thpm if they could not. get inside
the Hawthorne Park gates to quietly go
away Monday night Corrigan, Brenock.
their lawyers and several turfmen met In
the Monadnock building, and as every
thing went along smoothly at the Cicero
track it is presumed the warring track
owning turfmen came to some terms sat
isfactory to both. , _ ,
The New York Mail and Express racing
critic has. through a business man. dis
covered that* Peep o* Day only likes col
ored people for servants, not as masters:
hence the mystery of that horse => good
showing with Taral up and his poor rac
ing with Simms in the saddle is solved.
EIGHTEEN INNINbS
WITHOUT AN ERROR
CHICAGO. Aug. 21.— The Orphans
played eighteen' errorless innings to-day,
taking both games from Brooklyn. The
visitors hit Callahan for three earned
runs in the first inning of the opening
game, but Were unable to touch him af
terward. Thornton pitched the second
game and pitched the game of his life,
shutting his opponents out without the
B&nblance of a hit. Both Dunn and Ken
nedy did good work on the slab, but were
poorly supported. Attendance first gam.'
WOO; the second game, 10,000. Score, first
game:
Club*- R- H E i
Chicago * 11 0
Brooklyn .... — -. •^•••""••••i, 3 6 :3 i
Batteries— and Chance; Dunn and ;
Grim.
Score, eecond game:
Clubs- R- H E.
Chicago 2-1 0
Brooklyn ......:.....:... 0 0 2
Batteries— Thornton and Dononue: Kennedy
and Ryan. Umpires— McDonald an.l O'Day.
Sport in the Handball Arena.
Handball devotees enjoyed themselves
to their hearts' content yesterday after
noon at Phil Ryan's court, 858 Howard
street. The games were well contested.
The folowing were the scores made:
M. Mangan and Q. McDonald defeated M.
McNeil and W. Mannlon. Score: 21—13. 16—21,
oi iq
W. H. Sieberst and W. H. Kedlan defeated
S V Costello and W. R. Borlini. Score:
21—19. 14—21. 21—14.
N. Berger and N. J. Prendergast defeated E.
MclKjnnugh and E. Lynch. Score: 21— IS,
15—21, 21—17.
J Collins and M. McsClure defeated K. Cur
ley and R. Murphy. Score: 21—15, 14—21,
21—18
P Stelner and M. McNeil defeated G. Mc-
Donald and P. Ryan. Score: 21—16, 13—21
21—20
P Herrin and M. Fogarty defeated J. Casey
and P. Foley. Score: 21-12.15-21.21-17.
M IJasch and J. Hngan defeated T. Foley
and' J. Kirhy. Score: 21— in, lfi-21. 21-19.
R Ilausman and F. Jordan defeated K. Fay
an.l }'. Baseh. Score: 21— IS. 16-21. 21-20.
J. Rlonlan and E. Malor.ey defeated T. F.
Bonnet and J. Lawless. Score: 21—19. 1.— 21,
a is.
Ancient war weapons were scarcely
as convenient as those which are used
in modern warfare, but they were, nev
ertheless, effective, and particulars in
regard to them are always of interest
to every student of antiquities.
WEATHER REPORT.
fl2Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Auk. 21. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
i !n California:
Eureka fi2; Red Bluff, 94; Sacramento, 92:
! Fresno 9fi- San Luis Ohlspo. R2: Independence.
; 86- I-rfis Angeles. 94; San Diego. 78: Yuma, 100.
j San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62; minimum. 52; mean, 57.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECASTS.
The barometer is highest oft the Washington
Coast and lowest In Southeastern California
and Southern Nevada. The pressure has risen
over Washington, Oregon, Southern California
and Arizona, and fallen over Idaho, Utah and
j Northern California.
The temperature has risen along the im
! mediate coast and fallen over the plateau re
1 g The weather Is cloudy over "Washington and
: Oregon, and light showers have occurred at
several stations. It Is also cloudy and some
what threatening in Arizona. Thunderstorms
are reported from this latter region.
Forecasts made at San Francisco- for thirty
! hours, ending mldnicht. August 22. 189S:
Northern California— Fair Monday; brisk to
high west wind in the afternoon.
Southern California— Pair, except partly
! cloudy and somewhat threatening in the
mountain regions in southeast portion; fresh
west wind.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
Utah— Cloudy, with thunderstorms In mount
ains Monday; cooler.
Arizona — Partly cloudy Monday, with thun
derstorms in mountains; warmer in southwest
portion.
Han Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
brisk to high west wind In afternoon.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais— Clear;
wind west, 5 miles; temperature, 77; majcimum
temperature, 79.
G. H. WILLSON. Observer.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
August. 1891.
Mo
1
Tu.
3
We
3
I Moon* Phisa*.
i
IB
a
ir
4
11
8
(Z2. Full Mooi.
vi/ August 1.
>*n-Laat i,iu':«r.
H Augnfft a
y^v New Moon.
W Afurunt IT.
14
21
IS
IT
81
-|h First Quarter.
J3 August 34
iC> t'ul > O9TL
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Timeß and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, AUGUST 22.
Sun rises 5:32
Sun sets 6:53
Moon sets 9:12 p. m.
2:
4.'
3.!
3.<
3J
8:
g:
i 2:
3:
9:
9:14
10:20
11.31
0.7
0.5
c.2
lit,
6:5!
\
0:42
I 1:46
' 1:42:
— 0.
— <>•'
—0.1
I:
8::
3
'• 1 1!
! 2i
6:1
7:2-
8:3)
6.S
5.7
5.8
4"
2,
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given !n the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tide*, as sometimes occur. The heights
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
Are You Overworked, Tired, Depressed?
THEN TRTST
MARIANI WINE-Tlib Famous Tonic lor Bofly eifl Brain.
FROM THE PHYSICIAN TO MARIANI WINE
Hie Imperial Majesty, the Sultan.
-.-,■ ' m'"' : ' £~*+- f" g V V~% WZ T%.T f^ TWT \ W j
•^v^fc-^k gIVCS o 1 KElllj I n tO
Mfe^^ Ovepwopked Men,
§ Delicate Women,
Overworked Men,
Delicate Women,
If Sickly Children .
J Sickly Children
■ IPI Dispels WEAKNESS
./^^^^^^^p from whatever
W causes.
l^^^'^^^^^^^^* 7 Martani "Wine giver power to the
.-.■ ■-■": " 'brain, strength and elasticity to th©
TILJ3TZ palace, CONSTANTINOPLE. muscles and richness to the , blood. It
Sworn enemy of the many proprietary mcdi- j3j 3 a promoter of good health and lon-
cines whl b have of late years invaded the v It j a a supremely great tonic,
world, and whose only object is gain for the ° * ..»««. ■_ __^ v ,^^». „#
, , , m. ■ . which has received the in» >rsements or
proprietors, I make an exception in favor of w " 11 -" llao *«»-** •.
one preparation as meritorious a* it has been more than 8000 American physicians,
far-rea.-hing in Its good. I refer to Yin Marl-
anl, which, owing to its valuable fortifying To those who will kindly write to MARIANI
qualities, has conferred benefits upon weak and & CO., B2 West Fifteenth street. New Torlc
suffering humanity. I therefore add my ap- City, will be lent. free, book containing por-
proval and praisa to this highly meritorious j traits with endorsements of Emperors, Em-
preparation. '.* MAVROOENT PACHA, press. Princes. Cardinals, Archbishops and
Physlclan-ln-Chief to the Sultan of Turkey. other interesting matter.
Paris — Boulevard Haussmann; London— Mortimer street; Montreal— 2S-30 Hospital street.
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low wafrs.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
: A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, Is
| maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
I free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
; for comparison and reference, and the latest
: information can always be obtained regarding
1 lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
■ building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
1 noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
: ceived each day fn m the United States Signal
I Observatory, Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
. In the morning papers the following flay.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retircd>. U. S. N., In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Bteamer.
Frcm.
Orizaba.. Humboldt Aug. 22
Mackinaw Tacoma .;.' Aug. 22
Bristol Departure Bay Aug. 22
North Fork (Humboldt An*. 22
! Navarro.. Seattle :.'.... ;Aug.22
Coos Bay Newport A S-'23
! Belgic  China and Japan..' Aug. 23
• Arcata.". .'....... Coos Bay ...;-...:."..::.*:. : . :Aur,2:?
i South Coast Seattle •.....:....;:...:... Aug. 23
i Grace Dollar... St. Michael .......: . | Aug.' 23
' Moana Sydney |Auk. -*
Him ila .•. Tacoffla ....'...:...:..:... (Aug. 24
State California Portland Aug. 25
! .Pomona. San Diego ■.........'..'.... Aug.2s
Walla Wa11a...; Victoria &' Puget Sound Aug. 25
Crescent City... Crescent City ...'. j Aug. 25
Chllkat Humboldt' Aug. 25
Wellington ! Departure Bay .........'. Aug.2s
Willamette Seattle Aug. 2s
City of Peking. Manila Aug. 26
Charles Nelson. Honolulu Aug. 26
i Hueneme. Portland Aug.
i Homer Newport — Aug. 27
! Signal .-..Grays Harbor Aug. 27
Acapulco Panama ..^ 'Aug. 29
I Columbia : Portland Aug. 30
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
i Columbia .. Portland Aug. 23, 10 ami Pier U
I Santa Rosa San Dieg-o Aug. 23. Hamper 11
! Glenfarg .. China «-. Japan Aug. 23. Ipm PMSS
I Queen |\'ie & Pfft Sd.iAug. 24, 10 am.Pler 9
Orizaba 'Humbnlrtt !Aur. 24, 10 amlPier 9
Coos Bay... 'Newport (Aug. S5, 9 am I'ter 11
! Arcata 'Coos Ray ! Auk. 25. 10 am ! Pier 13
I Pomona Pan Plpi<co ;Aug\ 27, 11 am ; Pier 11
State of Call Portland |Aug. 2S, 10 am Pier 12
Hueneme ...(Portland | Aug. 18 1........
• Walla WalliVic &■ Pgt grJ.'AuR. L":\ 10 am' Pier H
I San Juan... Panama I'AUK-% 12 m'PMSS
Steamer.
Em ■ttnatloo.
Sails.
MlllM'lM. 1MK1.1.K.1 \(i;.
. ARRIVED.
Sunday. Aug-ust 21.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, 51Vi hours frm
! San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Gipsy, Gielow. 23 hours from Moss
| Landing, etc.
Stmr Westport, Peterson, — hours fm Bear
; Harbor.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen. 52 hours fm
Coquille River.
BAILED.
Sunday, August 21.
U 8 stmr Arizona, Barneson, Manila via
i Honolulu.
j Plmr Chilkat. Andfson. Eureka.
i Stmr Homer, JeMen£ San Pedro.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Ship Luclle, Anderson, Seattle.
1 Pchr Fortuna, Roslch. Eureka.
Schr F.nterprlse, Ingwersen, Albion, in tow
| of etnu Cleone.
RETURNED.
Sunday. August 21.
Schr Fortuna. Roslch, hence this morning
for Eureka, returned on account of thick fog.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Aug. 21, 10 p. m.— Weather
thick; wind SW; velocity 14 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per tug Rescue— Aug 21 at 7 a m— GO miles
■ W of San Francisco, Br ship Thornllebank,
i from Newcastle, NSW, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC Pf)RTS.
PORT ANGELES— In port -Cug 21— Ship
Henry VUlard. from Honolulu; Haw bark
Diamond Head, from Honolulu; Br bark
Grenada, from San Piego.
PORT TOWNSENI*-- Arrived Aug 21— Br
bark Adderley, from Tahiti; schr Alice Cooke,
hence Aug 4.
RKDONDO- Sailed Aug 21— Schr Ruby A
Cousins.
KI'HF.KA- Arrived Aug 21— Schr Free Trade
hence Aug 6; brig Courtney Ford, hence Aug
!<; ichr Halcyon, from Newport; stmr Ruth,
i hence Aus? 1!>.
Sailed Aug 21— Stmrs Newburg, Ruth, Ori
zaba and Nortn Fork, for San Francisco.
POINT ARENA— Arrived Aug 21— Stmr
i Greenwood, from Port Los Angeles.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Rug 21— Ships
Henry Vlllard nnd B B Button from Honolulu;
schrs Magel*: C RUM find BpokMje. hence July
20; Br ship Rpbrt Fernle. from Yokohama.
MONTEREY- Arrived Aug 21-Schr Mon
• terey, from Boweaa Landing.
FOREIGN PORTS.
KAHULUl— Arrived July 30— Schr Albert
Meyer, homre July 11
Sailed July 30— Brig Lurline, for San Fran-
I Cisco
HONOIPU— Arrived Aug 4— Schr John G
Northj hence July lf».
I HlLO— Sailed Aug 7— Haw bark Santiago,
, for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Aug 21— Stmr
' Belgenlar.d, from Liven '>1
HAVRE— Arrived Aug 21— Stmr La Bretagne,
from New Yr.rk.
QUeBNSTI >WN— Sailed Aug 21— Stmr Luca
ni.i. from Liverpool for New York.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE.
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY, TOO, at 10 a. m.
: Steamer ALVISO, Clay-street Wharf. Fare 75c.
•a -' Special ' Rates 'to ' Excursion . Parties, . .
Beginning MONDAY, August 22.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
. Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and 5at..;....";'.,".'...,
■■• 9:46 ; a. m., 8:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Friday 5.......:.... .1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
; 8unday5..........V.........10:80 a. m. and 8 p. m.
T- Landing and of floes— Mission Dock, , Pier *.
ZaUobon* B+A :tau. -
y"~lK Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
B^^pj\% 620 KEABXT XT. Established
SS^i^'^i'A In IMS 4 for the treatment of I'rivato
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, j
625 HfABNY NT. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of private '
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or :
fenEWtW"* disease wearlngon bodyand mind and |
fcS^^Bst6Ki? skin DiseuSfS. Thedoctorcureswhen
JtSia^^'l others fail. Try him. Charges low.
rwifßoTllili <'ur<-*|riiar3»nf«'«*fl. Callorwrlte.
Dr. J. Jt'. uIBBOJi, Box 1937, San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
|L^ Steamers leave Broadway
*\S)N»«. wharf, San Francisco:
V*>v?7?!*V For Alas' ports. 10 a. m..
IHWUe^ August 4. 9. 14, 19. 24, 19. BeptS. !
MBTl»sr^^ transfer at Seattle.
i^S^l t4l For Alaskan ports (from
l ffcfsK~£ro«l Spear-Btreet wharf), 10 a. m.. .
j i^^M^M' August 3, 23. transfer at Port- |
""■%E For Viet' > Vancouver, (B. ;
C < Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. '
Anacorteß and New Whateom (Wash.). 10 a. ;
m.. August 4. 9. 14. 19. 24. 29. S»pt 3. and every ;
fifth day thereafter, c lectlng at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. ,
Ry. at Tacoma wit. N. P. Ity...at Vancouver j
W For Eureka (Humboiat Bay), 10 a. m. Aug. i
6, 12, 18. 24. 30. Sept 6 and every sixth day ;
Cruz. Monterf-r. San Simeon, '
Cavucos. Port Harford. (San Luis Oblspo). ,
j Oavio'a Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
i San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and !
i Newport. 9 a. m.. Auk. 1. 5. 9, 13, 17 21. 25. 29. ,
Sept 2 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har- !
ford (San Lul« ObUpo) Santa Barbara i Port ;
\ Los Anseles and Redondn (Los n &\ 11 a. :
m Aug. 3. 7, 11. 15. 19, 23. 27,. 31, Sept. 4. and
; every fourth day thereafter. " _
For Ensenada. Mafrdalena Bay, San Jose del
i Cabo. Masatlan. Altata. La Pat, Santa Rosa-
' m and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 18th of !
every month. ' ,«_ '
i For further Information obtain folosr.
The company reserves the right to change
' without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street Palace Hotel).
GOODALU PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market st San Francisco.
THE 0. R. &.N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berths '
■ AriL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia Aug. 3, 13. 23. Sept. 5
State of California. July 30, Aug. 8, IS. 23. Sept. 7 ;
St Paul $16 00 St. Louis $32 00
Kansas City .... 26 00 Chicago 24 00
, Omaha 26 00 New York 3100
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
630 Market at.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
Cornpagnie Generate Transatlantique.
■ French Line to Havre.
ICe mpany's pier (newt, 42 North j^s,^
Rivf r. foot of Morton st. Travelers <TjjJ33< I
by this line avoid both transit by r v*'*>
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to I
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class. S140; I
; second class. $116. -
LA GASCOGNE Aug. 27. 10 a. m. ;
LA TOURAINE ....Sept. 3. 10 a. m. !
LA CHAMPAGNE ...: Sept. 10. 10 a. m !
LA NAVARRE .V..... Sept. 17. 10 a. m. ,
LA NORMANDIE Sept. 24, 10 a. m.
For further parjicula-s apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent,
No. 3 Bowling Green. New York
. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery I
aye., San Francisco.
fHRPfaKJHfI' Wednesday, - September
fj^J&a&aga, 55 ' 1111 -'' vla Honolulu and
i*E& w Auckland for Sydney
g — «^ Wednesday, September
C&is' L' > "> at 2 p. m.
SfiyinSnlD'J Line to COOLGAR-
CylWUllJlliy • DIE, Australia, and
/sfllß3lZtf* > ' CAPE TOWN. South
V^mpr <*f Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
BAILSOAD TBAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD;
Vli S<uis*llto Ferry.
FROM SAN FR-iNCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »S:00, »9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
•1:45, 3:20. 4:00, 5:15, *6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:3*
"'gVNDATS- »9:00. •10:00, 11.00, 11:30
a. m.; 1:00. 1:45, »2:30, 4:00, 6:30. 6:45 p. m. .
- 11:00 a.m. does not run to San Rafael Sundays.
630 p. m does not run to Mill Valley Sundays.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin. ■ - ..
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— S:2S. *6:35. 7:55. 8:25, *S:5«
a. m : »12:2O, 2:10, *3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m. '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at «:40 p. m. , • -
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, *8:00, »9:45, -•10:43. 11:45
a. m. ; 1:00, 2:20, »3:30. «6:15, *6:00, 7:00 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 7:55. 8:43, 10:19
a. m.: 12:40,- 2:25, 3:55. 4:&5. 5:20 p. m. "
I EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, ' Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. . .'
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; 12:05, 1:20,
2:40, 3:55. 5:30, 6:30 p. m. •
■ .-.. -THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week — Cazadero and way sta'na.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays — and way sta'ns.
S:l5 p. m. week days (Saturday, excepted)—
males and way stations. .--
1:00 a. m — Cazadero and way | sta'ns.
I:4* p. m. Sundays — Reyes and way sta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, 189 S. trains will, run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen-j Mixed. . . ■ Mixed. Passen-' ]'
■ ger. Sunday Sta- Sunday ger.
Dally.- Exc'ptd • • tions. Exc'ptd Daily.
7:2oam'; 9:ooam •;• Stockton ■: 3:45pm! 5;40 pm ;
~ 9:loam 12:50 pm : Merced 12:50 pm, 3:53 !
10:40 am! 3:50 Fresno , 9:30 ami 2:20 pm !
11:35 am 6:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:25 pm i
: 2:45 pm 11:50 pm Bakerefleld 2:30 am, 10:15 am
12:05 pm .7:50 pm ■; Vlsalia 6 :40 am, 12:55 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
Connections At : Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and ; Improvement Com- ;
pany, leaving San Francisco and. Stockton' at 6 \
p. m. dally; at Merced with stages to and from
Snellings. .;. Coulterville, ■ Yosemite, ? : etc. ; ; also (
with stage ; from ' Hornltos, Mariposa,'-: etc. ;  at |
Lankershim with stage to and from Madera. • .; I
4 »T/T'T^f />T\f Pit W*&
AUCTION SALES.
SPECIAL SALE!
£> fe
FIRE! FIRE! FIRE!
WEDNESDAY August 14
: - ■ At 11 o'clock a. m.. at
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET.
* . 327 Sixth st.
By order of Mayor Phelan, , we- will sell at
auction a lot of FIRE DEPARTMENT
HORSES; also at same time and place, 4 NEW
FULL LEATHER TOP BUGGIES, 2 SUR-
REYS, WAGONS. CARTS. HARNESS. ETC.
SULLIVAN & DOTE.
Live Stock Auctioneers. ■
BAXL&OAD TRAVEL.
StVTIIKRN I*At'IFIC COMPART.
(PACIFIC HYSTKM.)
Trnlut ivnvr itad nre «lii« to arrive •»•
NAN Kit 4!S« 1*« O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
1 lbavx — ■ From July 10, 1898. — arbitb
•6:OOa Niles. Ban Jose and Way Station*... *sT43X
7:OOa Beuicia, Sulsun and Sacramento.;.. 10:43 a.
7rOVA MarysTille. Orovilleaud Bedding »la
WootUind 5:43p
7:OOa Elmira. Vacarille and Rumsey ti:43p
7ia« a Martinez. San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
C»li«to(ra aud Santa Rosa 6tl3p
8:0»a Atlantic Express, Ogilcn and Kast.. Bi4»P
SiIIOa Kan Jose, Ktocktmi, Valley Spring,
■ '■ lone, Sacramento, M»r> grille,
. Chico, Tehama and lle<! ISluff.... 4tl»r
»iBOa Peters, Oakdale and Jamestown.... 7:1.1p
•»:80a Milton •■/tl&Tt
OiWOa New Orleans Impress. Merced. Fres-
■lo, Bakersliel'l. Santa lUrbara.
I<os Angeles, Demliig, El Paso,
New Orleans and Ea«t ««43p
I 0:00 a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:43 p
*I:00p Sacramento lUter Steamers f l):«Op
San Jose, Nil-e and Way Station*... J»:l3a
SiOOp Lirermore, Meiidota. llanford and
VUalla 4:13p
r ....... LlTermore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations tlO«l»A
4:OOp Martinez, Sin . Ramon. Vallejo.
.Napa. Ciilistoga, 1H Verano and
Santa Ko«a »il3a
4«00p Beuioia, VacaTille. Woodland,
. Knights Landing, MarysTille, Oro-
Tllle and Sacramento 1O:I3a
4:30p Nlles. San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7;l 3*»
4:30p Stockton and Lodi l»i»a*
4:301- Lathrup, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
Mnjave, Banta Barbara and I>oa
Angeles 7>43A
4:SOp Martinez, Meroed (Raymond for .
Yosemite) and Fresno IS«l3r
• 4«:iop Banta Pt Himte, Atlautio Kxpress
for Mojuva aud Kut 6:4.1?
«:oOp Ruropeau Mall. Orden and Kast.... 9:4.1 a
. ««:OOp Vallejo l«:1.1p
• O:OOp Haywurdii, Nil« and San .Tone 2:43 a
t7:oop Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions tw'* 3 *
Btoop Oregon Kxprens,Baaraine>' o, Marys-
Title, I>.l.!ii.<. I'ort.and, Pugel
H.h-:;,1 ami Kast *»iaa.
' HAS LEAMHU) AM) HAIWAKDS LOCAL.
i A (Foot of Market Street.)
V Melrcic. Seminary lark, f 7l *s*
Biooa Fltekhnrtr, Klmhnrst, *!2 : 1!J A
lo : o2» 8»n Lfandro, South S»« \\Alt
«l,oot Leandro, EntudllU, H]^
ti9t:WOM ' L«ren*o. Cherry • 1154.-»p
i3:o«p ■ and ja:i-ip
S:00p HaTTrard*. . 13:43p
. 7ioop < Runs through to Nile*. 7:43p
.■ ) t From Nllea. I.
COAST IHVInIUS (Narrow Mange). . "
; (Foot of Market Street.
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cru»
and Principal Way Stations ....... J»iO3p
81 Newark. San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Crux and Way
Buttons ; SiS«»
•a:l3p Newark, CenterTille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations # I»:SOa
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood ft Way Stations 9:80 a
o4:l Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz...... JU:2Qa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrsmStl mSCISCO— Foot of Market Sirett (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:004.11. J1:53 *2:00 13:00
•4:00 *5:00 ■ *6:oor.it. . '■.■»££
OIIUIID— Po«l of Broidwty.— 8H» 10:00 a.m.
tl2:00 *l:00 t3:OQ *3:00 ti:00 "0:00 r.M.
C 0.451 I>l VISION (Broad Usage). .
(Third and Townaend St 3.)
•7:O0a San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesday* only) li3O
17:30* Sunday Excursion for Baa Jose.
;:,!-. Santa Cruz, - Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations JBi»3»
•sOOa Ban .fuse, Ties linos, Hauta Cruz,
- Pacilic Grore. Paso Itoblea, San
Luis Ol>!s|><>, Guadalupe, Surf and
: . Principal Way .Stations 4il«r
I«:4Oa San .lose and Way Stations •■:OOa
11:3Oa San Jose and Way Station!..' *BißBa
•ai4sp San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han .lose,
■ Grtroy. — Hollwter,"". Santa" - Cm*.
Salinas, Monterey and Faoiflo
Gro»e •!•:»«-
•*:»OpBanJo«eand Way Stations •»:«O*
*4:13 - San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43\
•S:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
3:30r San Jose and Principal Way Statious S:3Op
«:30p San Jose anil Way Stations ?:3Or>
t11;45p San Jose and Way Stations 7i3or
- - A for Mi. ruing. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays exempted, t Sundays only, t Saturdays only
j Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Bandars.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
| 3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 2:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 12:45.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m. : 1:40,. 3:40.
. 6:00. 6:25 p. m.
' Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. • In Effect San Francisco.
. . June 29, :—: —
Week I Sun- ! IS9B. Sun-" [Week
Days. ) " days. Destination. daya. ) Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am,
3:30 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:10 pm; 10 :25 am
■ s:lopm s:oopm| Santa Rosa. 7:35pm; 6:22pm
-~ j ' ~7~ Fulton, ■' " . \~~
" 7:3oam ' ' Windsor, ! 10:25 am
.'"-,•■ " Healdstmrg,
Lytton,
Gej-serville, . " ' i
3:30 pm B:Qpam Cloverdale. | 7:35pm 6:22 pra
7:3o ami I Hopland and I 10:28 am
( 3:30 pm 8:00 ami Uklah. | 7:3spm| 6:22 pm
7-30 am . '■ 110:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville." 7:35 pmi - "
3:30 pm I 6s22pm
7 -30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:49 am
and
s:lopm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. [ 6:10 pm[ 6:22pm
7-3Oam; 8:00 am] Sebastopol. 110:40 amJIO am
3:3opm[ S:oOpm| ( 7:3spm[ 6:22.pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at L'ytton for Ljtton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skagga Springs: at Cloverdale . for
the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyville. c » rl^ a «
Springs Soda Bay. i Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy. Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
'Lake, Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's. River-
side Llerley's, Bucknell's, ■ Sanhedrin. Heights,
Huliville, Booneville,' Orr's Hot Springs. Men-
doclno City, Fort- Bragg,, Westport, UsaX;,
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
' reduced rates. ■ .' .
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
.beyond San Rafael at half rates. ■ >
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
A W. FOSTER. ? ■ R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
■'■ THE BEST KAIL WAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cap*
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Caps
Ron on the Following Time i
Leave SanFranclsco.4:So p. m., E. M.T.W.T.F.S.
Arrive Denver.... 5:00 p. m.. W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrtv« Kansas City.. 7.00 a. m., T.F.8.8.M.T.W.
Arrive St. L0ui5..:. .6:15 p. m.. T.F.B.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago ..'... .8:00 p. m.. T.F.S.B.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
6erv* Superior Meals at Very Reason-
able Rates.
YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa Pa,
Ml FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE— I2I MARKET SL
7 . . r ;' 'J- TELEPHONE MAIN 1531. - •
Oakland Offioe— Broadway.
Baoramento Offioe— 2ol J Street, v
Baa Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clara Bt*
i MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
. j. ■ (Via ', Sausallto ' Ferry.) .>'.■ .-
; , Leave San Francisco, ' commencing ■ May 1.
. 189S: ; . '.'■■" '.'-'. ; * ■ - - ' ■'■■".-
■ . Week Days — 9:30 a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
i . Sundays— B:oo, 9:00,' 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
2:30 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. |1.
~j THOS. COOK ; & . SON, t Agents/ ttl • Mark* .
i street, San Francisco.
910
TO BE TRIED
FOR MURDER
American Ship Captain
Arrested in China.
THE SULTAN OF SULU ROBBED
CROWN JEWELS AND MONEY
STOLEN IN SINGAPORE.
Korea Is to Be Surveyed and Amer
ican Surveyors Are to Be
Employed to Do the
Work.
The officers of the British steamer Glen
farg, which arrived from Hongkong last
Saturday, gave some interesting informa
tion of happenings in the Orient. An
American ship captain was in jail at
Canton awaiting trial on a charge of
murder before the United States Consular
Court; the Sultan of Sulu. a vassal of
Spain, was robbed of his crown and the
crown jewels at Singapore; Captain Sel-
The Pacific Mail Company's Chartered Steamer Glenfarg.
mer of the steamer Chamroeri was mur
dered by a coolie In Siam and the Korean
Government has derided to survey the en
tire country and is making arrangements
through the United States Ministers to
have the work done by Americans.
The rebellion in South China resulted in
the defeat of the imperial troops, and
over 1500 of the latter were killed. For
days the dead bodies of the latter were
floating down the river, and over a thou
sand of them were taken out of the water
and buried. When the Chinese Govern
ment heard of the defeat it immediately
dispatched 1000 soldiers up the river from
Canton to Wuchau, where the fighting
ha.i taken place. Some of these soldien
went on the American sieamer loosing,
Captain Thurlmann. On arriving at Vu
chau, the captain asserts, there was a
mutiny among the crew and an attempt
made "by the sailors and the Chinese
ashore to butcher the soldiers. The Chi
nese compraiiure, who was looking after
the vessel's cargo, got mixed up in the
row, and Captain Thulmann snot him
Then there was trouble. The friends of
the dead man were furious, ami offered
$5000 for the Yankees head. Tnited States
Consul Bedloe at Canton was telegraphed
to and he at once issued orders for the
murderer to be brought to Canton. This
was done, and Captain Thulmann for
safety was put aboard the British
steamer Kong-pak and locked up in
an iron cage. The Chinese are
very much wrought up over the matter
and assert that they will demand indem
nity from the United States for the mur
der of their countryman. They have sent
to Hongkong and secured the services ot
G K. H. Brutton, a well-known English
solicitor, and Wei Piu, a famous barris
ter The latter was educated in England,
and ie one of the foremost attorneys in
T?rulmEuin Is a German by birth, but
cays he is a naturalized American citizen.
and was in command of an American yes-
Fel. Consul Bedloe will make him prove
his citizenship, and if he fails will turn
the prisoner over to the German CottSUl.
The Sulu Islands are to the southward
of the Philippines. They cover an area
of over 1000 square miles and have about
•0,000 inhabitants. The Governor Gen
eral of the Philippines used to exact
tribute from the Sultan of the group, but
...at is done away with for the present.
Before the outbreak of the war the Sul
tan who is a Mohammedan, went on a
pilgrimage to Mecca. On his way home
he otopped at Singapore to his undoing.
In the early hours of the morning he
awoke to rind that a thief was in hie
room. He grasped the Intruder, but the
latter broke away and escaped through an
open window. An examination showed
that the thief had got away with the
royal crown, a large pearl and twenty
three English sovereigns. The crown
was a handsome affair studded with dia
monds pearls and precious stones. The
thief also stole a treaty which the Sul
tan had entered into with the Govern
ment of Saudakau. and his Majesty was
almost as much grieved over the loss of
the document as he was over the theft
of his jewels. The latter were valued at
• bout $75,000.
Captain Selmar was a Norwegian in the
service of the Siamese Government. The
King was making a tour of his kingdom
on the steamer Chamroen. of which Sel
mar was captain. The latter berated one
of the native crew for not executing an
Order quickly, and the Siamese stabbed
him. Captain Selmar had to be sent to
Rankok for treatment. lie died soon
after reaching this city and the mur
derer was placed on trial.
The old bark Seminolo was still at
Honolulu when thr> Glenfarg sailed. She
brought a cargo of coal there from Nanai
mo, B. C and was leaking two feet in
every twelve hours when she arrived.
All the time her cargo was being dis
charged the donkey pump had to be kept
going, and sometimes the hand pumps
had to be pressed into service. The Seml
nole is thirty-four years old.
Dr. H. M. Fine, of the Harbor Receiving
Hospital, goes out as surgeon of the
British steamer Glenfarg. succeeding Dr.
Downing, who has been called home. Dr.
Fine will accompany the steamer to Lon
don and will then come home via New
York.
DEPARTURE OF THE
TRANSPORT ARIZONA
WILL ARRIVE AT MANILA IN
SIDE OF 19 DAYS.
C eneral Miller Boards the Vessel and
t Receives Instructions From
General Merriam.
At 11:20 yesterday morning the trans
port Arizona weighed anchor and began
moving slowly toward the Golden Gate.
The big ship was an object of much inter
est to the crowds that lined the wharves
along the water front. The Arizona will
reach Honolulu next Friday and will
probably not remain there over one day.
Rhe will arrive at Manila inside of nine
teen days from San Francisco.
The departure of General Merriam for
Honolulu leaves General Marcus P. Mil
ler in command of the remaining expedi
tionary forces. In addition to this re
sponsibility General Miller has the affairs
of the Presidio and the First Brigade to
administer. General Miller said yester
day regarding the order in which the
troops will be sent to Honolulu: "Those
to go to Manila on the Scandia have
been assigned, and General Merriam has
ordered that the Seventh California shall
be designated for Honolulu on the next
transport that is first ready to sail after
the Scandia gets away. The order In
which the remaining troops are to be
sent is left entirely in my power and as
yet I have not decided upon which will
go first."
General Miller and staff, and a number
of the commanding officers at the Pre
sidio went out on the McDowell and met
the Arizona at Goat Island and accom
panied her to the Golden Gate. General
Miller went aboard the transport and had
a conference with General Merriam, from
whom it is presumed he received final
instructions regarding the administration
of military affairs of the department.
War Incidents.
The incident of the Tennessee regiment
and the Thomas family is practically con
sidered closed. With the preferment of
charges by lieutenant Fowler against
Privates Davis, Scruggs, Anderson and
Clarke, General Miller appointed a court
martial to try the men. This court will
convene this week and the men will be
tried Immediately. General Miller ex
pects the reply of Colonel Smith to the
complaint of the Thomas family asking
for damages, which was submitted to
him. It will probably be sent in l>y
Colonel Smith to-day, and then the board
of officers to assess the damages will be
appointed by General Miller.
The following deaths occurred at the
division field hospital yesterday: Private
Liouis Georgeson. Company D, First Ne
braska, broncho-pneumonia following
measles; Private Jam«es W. Brown, Com
pany L, Second Oregon Regiment, bron-
cho-pneumonia following measles.
Company X, Twentieth Kansas Volun
teers, assisted by the regimental band,
will give a musical entertainment at !
Franklin Hall, 1539 Fillmore street, to
morrow evening, for the benefit of the
regimental string band. One of the fea
turea of the evening will be a competitive
drill between a squad of non-commis
sioned offlews under the direction of Ser
peant Deeming, and a squad of privates
: in charge of Sergeant Morris. The even- j
ing will conclude with dancing.
Xext Saturday afternoon at Recreation
Park a drill is to be given by the Eighth
California Regiment, Colonel Park Hen-
Bhaw commanding. A very interesting
programme has been arranged. Gowrnor
Budd and staff have accepted an invita
! tlon to be present, and General Miller
1 WIH review the regiment. The Colonels :
| and staffs of the various regiments will
; be present, mounted. Two or three bands
will participate in the drill, which prom-
Isea to be a most enjoyable affair. Spe
cial trains for this occasion will be run |
from Sacramento, San Jose, Santa Rosa,
Petaluma ;!n<l intermediate points. The '
| drill will he given for th<= benefit of the ;
I Army ami Navy Christian Commission, i
: Every dollar realized will be devoted to
the soldiers.
THE ALL-COMERS WIN.
Banks and Insurance Cricket Team
Badly Beaten.
The return match between All Comers
and the Banks and Insurance men was
played yesterday on the Golden Gate
grounds. The Banks and Insurance rep
resentatives were got together by George
Theobald, and the All Comers' eleven by
R. B. Hogue. The Banks and Insurance
men went first to the wickets, and com
piled the respectable score of 186 runs, to
which J. J. Mortality contributed 54, and
J. J. Theobald 45. J. H. Saunders took 5
wickets for 57 runs, and B. Bird 4 for 50
runs. The All Comers had not time to play
their inning out, but succeeded in winning
an easy victory for the loss of only 7
wickets. F. Croll made the excellent score
of 115 runs, Including: 22 fours, and R. B.
Hoguc for the second time this season
scored 87 runs. At the close of the play
the All Comers had made 304 runs, thus
winning by 118 runs and three wickets.
The full score is appended >
BANKS AND INSURANCE ELEVEN.
E. F. Musson. b. Saunders 12
George Theobald, b. Saunders IN
J. J. Morlarty, c. Hogue, b. Saunders 54
C. P. Coles, run out 20
J. J. Theobald, c. and b. Saunders 45
- H. W. Dye, st. F. Croll. b. Bird 1
I H. P. G. Gordon, c. Hofnie, b. Bird 6
11. Ward, c. Seebeck, b. Bird 0
I G. T. Coles, b. Bird 3
F. C.-.Drif field, I. b. w. Saunders 8
F. Stahl. not out 5
Wldes 2. \eg byes 4, byes 8 14
Total IS6
Runs at fall of each wicket— l for 39, 2 for
52. 3 for 91. 4 for 142. 5 for 144, 6 for 152. 7 for
154. 8 for IC2. 9 for 177. 10 for IST,.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Maid- Wick- Ay.
Bowler — Balls. Runs. ens. ets. runs.
J. J. R. Peel 61 35 1 0
B. Bird 78 50 1 4 12V4
J. H. fiaunders 105 57 1 5 112-5
T. W. G.Wallace.. IS IS 1
R. B. IIosu? 6 4 0 0 ....
F. Croll 12 12 0
ALL-COMERS' ELEVEN.
K. B. Hoeue, 1. b. w. Ward 87
T. W. G. Wallace, b. Drlffleld.... 5
A. Price, b. Ward 0
F. Croll, c. Ward. b. Driffleld ....115
I. H. Splro. St. G. Theobald, b. Ward....... 23
J. H. Harbour, b. Morlarlty ..:... 13
J. H. Saunders. b. Ward 18 !
B. Bird, not out:.. 17
V. Seebeck, not out 14
J. J. R. Peel, did not bat j
C. To-.vnsley, did not bat....
Byes 12 ;
Total 304
Runs at fall nf each wicket— l for 15, 2 for 16,
3 for 201, 4 for 219. E for 2.'!6, 6 for 25 J. 7 for 274.
SUMMARY Or BOWLING.
Miilfl- Wick- Ay.
Bowler — Unlls. Runs. ens. ets. runs.
F. C. Drlffield 114 71 1 2 3.tMs
H. Ward 102 91 1 4 22%
C. P. Cole* 7S 55 1 0
E. F. Musson IS 21 0 0
J. J. Theobulrt 12 21 0 0
J. J. Moriarity 30 33 1 1 33
Anti-Civil Service League.
At the ir.eotlng of the Anti-Civil Service
State League Saturday evening, it was
decided to not send a delegation to the
Republican State Convention. The League
Convention will be held in this city not
later than Septembei\l4, at the call of the
chair.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush. T,arkln Fts. ; swimming. Russian, hot and
cold tub baths: suit v • - direct from ocean.
THE DRUIDESSES.
Three propositions for membership were
presented at the last held meeting of El
Dorado Circle. Among the visitors were
Deputy John Hutton, Mrs. Hattie Hut
ton. P. A. D., of Boadicea Circle, and
members of Golden Gate Circle. After
the Initiation of candidate* by Mrs. Hut
ton there was a social hour and a colla
tion was served.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.I,, MONDAY, AUGUST 22, 1898.
SAND CRABS
IRE SHUT OUT
Athletics Win Another
Victory With Ease.
PLAY VERY FAST BASEBALL
JOHNSON WHACKS OUT A HOME
BUN OFF BALZ.
An. Interesting Game in Which the
Santa Cruz Team fails to
Connect With the
Plate.
The Athletics put another feather in
their cap yesterday by defeating the
Santa Cruz team with the score boards
reading 7—o. Two games in a week and
the very finest ball is their record. Not
an error blotted their column Saturday,
and but three were made in the game
yesterday, which was full of life and
ginger, pleasing the crowd of enthusiasts
who filled the bleachers and grand stands.
For a brief moment it looked as if the
men from the sea beach were going to
assert themselves and send a blue jacket
over the plate, but, alas, they died be
fore that roal was reached— Burge with
his linger tips straining to touch the rub
ber and Balz by not knowing the dan
gers of careless base running. The credit
of the yictory belongs, in a great measure,
to the steady pitching of Fitzpatrick.
But four hits were made off his delivery
and they were practically the work of an
inning. Balz was touched for ail varie
ties of hits until the seventh, when It
was deemed best to substitute E. Dau
benbis. This proved a wiM stroke, as
but a single run was added to the column
after the change.
The Athletics started out well, sending
McLaughlin across the plate in the -first
inning. Johnson, the first man up In the
second inning, nonchalantly swung his
bat at the ball and it was seen no more.
It rests on a roof of one of the houses
on a line with second base. Ford scored
the second run in this inning. In the
third Stulz made the score read 5 to 0.
Then nothing of any importance was done
by the Athletics until the sixth, when
Hlldebrand whacked out a double. Ford
followed and was given his base on balls.
Hildebrand stole third and Ford went to
second. A passed ball took Hlldebrand
off the base? and soon after Ford fol
lowed in his footsteps, taking advantage
of a sacrifice hit by Peters.
The sixth was the banner Inning for
the visitors. Burge werit to first nn an
error of Hildebrand. Then Balz hit to
center and Burge took second. Mclntyre
hit to left field safely and Burge attempt
ed to score on it. He was put out at
home. Then Peters threw to second to
stave off Mclntyre, and Balz forgot him
self in his ardor to reach a haven, and
he was caught coming home. But the
blow which hurt was when Deveraux
batted out a sure double, but he was
thinking of the Maine and forgot every
thing else, even the fact that there was
such a thing as a first base, which ho
did not touch, and the umpire accord
ingly counted him out. nullifying the run
of McTntyre. who had already crossed the
plate.
The score is as follows:
ATHLETICS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pvr.P, 1 b 5 0 1 1 13 1 1
RelUy. 2 b 5 0 10 2 7 0
Mclaughlin, 1. f 3 10 0 3 10
Stulz s. s 3 1 0 0 1 5 1
Hildebrand. r. f 4 1 2 1 1 0 1
Johnson, 3 b S 1 2 0 1 8 0
Ford c f 3 2 10 0 0 0
Prtfrs c 4 0 0 0 4 2 0
Fitzpatrick. p 4 12 0 2 10
Totals 3! 7 9 2 27 20 3
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. PR. PO. A. K.
MrTntyr-. c. f 4 0 1 1 1 0 1
DfVfreaux, 3 b 4 0 0 0 1 2 1
Stroll,. 1 b 4 0 0 n 10 0 1
Arrelanes. 2 b 3 0 0 0 2 0 1
P.v.ibenblß, c 3 0 0 0 6 4 n
Fltzfrernld. 8. a 3 0 1 0 1 5 1
McOrath. r. f 3 0 0 0 1 2 0
Burse. 1. f 3 0 1 0 3 0 0
Bhlz. p 2 0 1 0 2 1 0
E. Daubenbls, p 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 20 0 4 1 27 14 5
RUNS BY INNINGS.
AthlPtios 1 2 10 0 2 0 0 I—7
Hasp hits 0 3 1 0 0 1 0 1 3—9
Santa Cms 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—o0 — 0
Base hits 0 n 0 0 0 2 0 2 o—4
SUMMARY.
Home run — Johnson. Two-base hit—Hildp
brand. Base on errors — Pantft f'niz 3, Ath
letics 4. Bases on bulls— Off Balz 2. Left on
bases— Athletics S. Santn Cruz 3. Struck out—
By Fitzpatrick 1. by Balz 4, by Daubenbls 1.
Double play— Fitzgerald to Strelb. Passed
br. 11s— Peters, Daubenhle 2. Wild pitcher—Fitz
patrlck. Balz. Time of garni" — I:SS. Umpire—
H. Smith. Official scorer— J. P. Stapleton.
SAN JOSE OUTPLAYED.
Bit the Dust Before the San Francisco
Players. •
SAX JOSE, Aug. 21.— San Francisco 6,
San Jose 5 was the score at the game here
to-day. The local team bit the dust, but
they went down gloriously. The game was
played for keeps up to the last put-out.
! There were ten innings and Murphy
crossed tho plnte In the last and brought
victory to the San Francisco boys. During
the week Iherg and McCarthy deserted
the local team and their places were filled
by Jack Errick and Weed, who did well.
The score was:
SAN JOSE.
AH. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hanley. 1. f E 0 1 0 4 0 0
H.irlon, 1 b 5 0 1 0 11 0 2
MrGucken. c. f 5 1 2 0 2 0 0
Kcan. 2 I) 5 0 10 4 3 1
Poiejr, r. f 5 0 0 0 10 1
W«ed. I b 5 110 3 4 0
Hrnrkoff, 8. 8 4 2 0 0 1 3 2
Kent, c 3 0 10 10 2
Errick, p 6 110 12 0
Totals 42 5 8 0 »28 12 8
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E
H. KrUK. s. a 5 12 0 4 5 0
M"nnhan, 3 b ? 5 1 1 0 2 5 2
Murphy. 1 b 5 2 0 0 18 0 1
Dunlevy. 2 b 5 0 0 0 3 1 3
Hammond, c 5 1 2 0 1 0 0
Croll. 1. f 5 0 2 0 0 0 0
K. Km*, c. f 4 0 112 0 0
Ihurs, r. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Shea, p 3 1 1 0 0 7 1
Totals 41 6 9 1 30 18 7
•One out when wlnnln* run wns scored.
RI'NS BY INNINGS.
San Jose 1 0 0 2 0 0 0 2 0 o—s
San Francisco 2 0 1 0 0 0 1 1 0 I— fi
STMMARY.
Earned runs— San Francisco 1. Home run—
H. Kruß. Three-base hit— Hanley. Two-base
hits— Ef?an. McGucken, Croll. Bases on balls-
Off Shea 4. Struck out— By Shea 1, hy F.rrlck
1. Bases on errors — Fan Jose 5, San Fran
cisco 3. Double play— H. Kruj? unassisted. I,pft
on hases— San Jose 11, San Francisco 7. Time
of game — 1:45. Umpire— D. Creamer.
"SUGAR BEETS" LOSE.
They Were Badly Handicapped by a
Substitute Pitcher.
WATSONVILLE. Aug. 21.— An immense
audience was present to-day to witness
the contest between the Watsonvilles and
Oaklands. Previous to the game Pitcher
Donlin, who bore signs of having lately
had a tussle with John Barleycorn, ap
proached Manager Baxter and demanded
$15, which he claimed was due him. Bax
ter informed him that he was paid to date
and even ahead. Donlin in return abused
Baxter in a vile manner and refused to
play ball. Baxter then suspended him for
thirty days without pay. Afterward Don
lin wanted to play, but it was too late
Manager Baxter's action is unanimously
Indorsed by all patrons of the game. Dur
ing the six months Donlin has played here
he has been royally treated— ln fact far
better than he deserves. While he is a
good pitcher and an all around ball player
his conduct Is against him. He has been
no sooner out of one local scrape than he
hns got himself into another. Hayes, who
lays no pretensions to being a pitcher,
twirled for the Watsonvilles to-day. Both
teams put up excellent ball, particularly
the "Sugar Beets," considering the dis"
cou raging circumstances of the morning
with Donlin. The fielding of both nines
was excellent. The Watsonville club is
going to be heard from in the League. All
they lack is a reliable pitcher, and that
they propose to have. The score follows:
WATSONVILLE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Kelly, 2 b 3 0 1 0 3 3 1
Hayes, p 4 110 3 0 2
Franks. Sb 4 0 1 1 3 1 1
A. Struve. lb 4 0 0 0 10 0 1
Fritz, r. f 4 0 1 0 0 1 0
Ed Struve, c 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Courtney, 8. g 3 0 10 0 5 1
Albright, c. t 3 0 0 12 0 0
Palmtas. 1. f 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Totals 32 1 5 2 27 14 G
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, c. f 4 2 1 1 4 0 0
O'Nell. 2 b 5 0 1 0 1 1 0
Len>?e. 3 b 5 13 13 6 0
Sullivan, c 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Hardle, r. f 5 13 0 2 0 0
Bliss, 1 b 5 o 1 0 13 1 2
Schmeer, s. s 5 1 1 1 0 2 °
Moakiman. p 3 0 0 0 0 3 1
Dean, 1. f 4 0 2 0 1 1 J_
Totals 40 5 12 3 26 14 4
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits— Courtney. Hardle 2. Three
base hit— Hayes. Double plays— Hayes to E.
Struve; Lange to Bliss. Bases on balls— Off
Mosklman 2. off Hayes 3. Struck out— By Mos
kiman 1, by Hayes 1. Passed balls— Struve 2.
Time of game— One hour and 30 minutes, um
pire — O'Connell. Scorer— Peckham.
Shut Out the Tail-Enders.
STOCKTON, Aug. 21.— The leaders of
the League shut out the tall-enders to
day by a score of 5 to 0 in a featureless
game. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Feeplen, 3 b 3 2 1 0 1 1 1
Hutchinson, 2b.. ..4 1 0 0 5 2 1
Boyle, p 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Stanley, c 4 0 1 0 S 2 0
Lookhead, s. s 3 1 1 0 3 3 0
Walker, c. f 3 0 0 0 4 0 0
Shanahan. lb 2 0 1 0 6 0 1
Borland. 1. f 3 0 1 0 0 0 0
Harvey, r. f 3 0 0 0 J> _0
Totals 23 4 5 0 27 8 3
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Selna. lb 4 0 1 0 8 0 0
P. Knoll, r. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
N. Smith. 2 b 4 0 10 12 0
Billings, s. s 4 0 1 0 0 1 0
Rice. c. f 4 0 0 0 3 0 1
Muller. 1. t 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Conrad, c 3 0 0 0 8 0 2
M. White. 3 b 2 0 1 0 1 3 0
Borehers. p 3 0 0 0 0 1 1
Totals 32 0 4 0 24 7 4
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 2 1 0 0 0 0 1 1 •— 5
Base hits 1 0 0 0 0 0 2 1 •— 4
Stockton 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—o
Base hits 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 0 I—4
SUMMARY.
Responsible for runs— Borehers 3. Two-base
hits— Blllinjrs, Smith. Sacrifice hlts-Shanahan,
Doyle. First base on errors— Stockton 3. Sac
ramento 1. L#ft on bases— Stockton 5. Sacre
mento 2. Bases on balls— Off Borchers 2. Doyle
1. Struck out— By Borchers 8, Poyle 8. Hit by
pitcher— Conrad. Passed balls — Conrad 2.
Stanley 1. Time of frame— l:3o. Umpire— C.
Sweeney. Scorer — A. Harlln.
Victorious Alerts.
In a game between the Bushnell Alerts
and the Florida Stars yesterday the for
mer won by a score of 10 to 6. The vic
tors now claim the championship of Cali
fornia.
Livermore Boys Defeated.
LIVERMORE, Aug. 21.— The Cleve
lands of San Francisco defeated the lo
cal team to-day. Score; 14 to 12.
The Golden Gates Lost.
The game between the Golden Gates and
the Altos in this city yesterday was won
by »ac Altos by a score of 5 to 3.
B'NE B'RITII.
The official visit to Ophir I,odge, the
mother lodge, on last Wednesday, was
followed by a grand bcanquet, at which
there were present at least ninety per
sons. The feature of the evening was
the response of the Rev. Mr. Nleto to
the toast "Our Country." It was a most
eloquent, patriotic effort.
Next Thursday the general committee
will pay an official visit to California
Lodge No. 163.
Next Wednesday the Daughters of Ju
dah will have an Interesting mef ting. On
that occasion the ladles will be presented
with their charter and the new ritual.
DAUGHTERS OF MONTEZUMA.
The Daughters of Montez.'>ma. Degree
of Pocahontas, Improved Order of Red
Men, announce an entertainment and
dance for to-morrow night in Red Men's
Hall, on which occasion there will be of
fered a fine programme of numbers to
please, after which there will be dancing.
This council is always anxious to make
its gatherings pleasant.
» • «
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Oil AND HOTEL.
J Herbertftw, Vallejo B P I,lttle. Cal
Mrs Smith&d. L Ang W Davidson. S Berdo
F Chas>- & w, Colusa .1 Hanl..n<&w, L Ang
M Doollng. Hollister F Helm A w. Fresno
J Kearney. Holllster G W Scott. Madison
L Rosenberg. I'klah W Nlcholls Jr&s. Cal
C Gurree, Oakland E Quick. Cal
J Koerth, Colusa M WhitPhnus"&w,Eng
W Ilammon. Orovllle Miss Whltehouse Eng
F L Glass. Martinet \V Collier, Riverside
X L Mnnasse, Napa A W Stewart, Cal
H Jones. Stockton J B Jones. S Jose
A J Thompson, Fulton O H Wetlng, N V
S Rrlnhall. S Diego B F Dunphy. Fortld
G Krewley. S Cruz F Cescht, Cal
H Regan, Ea-stland L W Grant, Salinas
O Brereton, Cal W Saris. Gonzales
Mrs Robinson. Cal E M Hall. Carthage
A P Jones, Stockton V Gregg, S L Oblspo
E R Lewis, Stockton W Elliot. S Barbara
W .1 Coon. Honolulu F D Frost, I' Robles
F Jones, Napa D Maher, Wntsonville
F A [{lake, L Ang B Brooks&w, S I, Obis .
J Whlcher. S L obis F Mattlson, S Cruz
H Ramel, Pasadena CV. Llndmjr, B Cruz
C Bartholomew, «'al S H c.nklln. Salinas
H Lathrop. S Berdo W R Porter. Cal
E H.plis. Rtkersfleld .V Galbraith, S Cruz ,
J Mr-Nab&w, Rlvers.le 1 .V D Cnmbs, P Cruz
R We.lclle. Colo . .> Berkers. -S Cruz
C Northup&w, Colo iV Beaughan, Yreka
J I'lllsbury. Cal 3 F. Williams. Yreka
C Scheerer. L Ang fl W Crabb. Oakvllle
T Strohm. L Ang Dr Thayer, S Diego
C Pe.ndleton, L Ang I Clarke. Pasadena
S Thome, L Ang I A Wood, I'asadena
J Morton, L Aog f Taggart. S Barbara
J Mack. San Berdo V Gosliner, Reedly
F F Oster, San Berdo |E Gathberg. N V
h M Ham. S.-\n BerdolA Marks, t'klah
J Fleming. San BerdolJ 7J.Ml.rook A w. Can
M Butterfleld, Colton !U' Chessall, tklah
i' Hnmllton. Colton [f G Phelps, S Carlos
0 Hubbard, Colton I
BALDWIN* HOTEL.
C M Hunter. Los Ang C B McNeill. Wash
W J Goldschmldt. Cal H Marquardt. Cal
Mrs I F May, Pasaden A Kindler. San Diego
C H Wilding & w, Cal B P I^nsberg. Cal
T Hooper Aw, Cal E W Boners. Tucson
Miss M Dlmenldle. Cal D Lyon. Los Ang
Miss L Mnddnx. Cal S F Hunt. New York
W A Cornell. Sacto J O Goldman. < 'al
Mrs Thatcher. Los Ang C H Rlvall.m, Cal
M F Cochrane, Cal Mrs Knlppenberg, Cal
T A Dorr S L Oblspo Miss W H Fox. Cal
L Horn. Los Almos Q W Trepalnco & w.
7. V George. Los Ang Los Angeles
F H Medberry, N V Mrs M D Smith A a, j
W C PardeWlon & w. Los Angeles
Helena Miss S Smith. La Ant:
H J Walsh. Anaconda C Homer, Bakersflold
H W Aldls. New York H W Gray, Stockton
G W Mitchell. Oregon J H Dickery. Chicago
W c i 'lark, Idaho L J Price A. w. Mi.nt
N o Baldwin, Wash J F Day. Springfield
M Kendon & w. Or W S Hubbard. Oro
H S Hefner. Helena C O Burkhardt, Or?
J B Cambion, Wash G H Hunt. Olympla
n H Boott, Wash J C Oaynor. Oregon
C W'McCurdy. Idaho Mrs H South wick. Ore
j V Cooper Portland W W Toles. 0S N
J F Kellogg, Wash J Wilson & w. Mexico
H R Hlgson. Idaho W Cullon. Vallejo
T B Case. Idaho J J Kennedy. San Jose ;
Miss Rnidli-y. Oregon J Epplnirer, Crockett
T>r W Flanagan & w, R X Whitman, Ft Pt
Oregon v ' M Herhrom. Solano
J A Slover &w, Ore R Williams, Arizona
U Bosortb Salem t> D Williams & w,
J M Flllon & w. Ore Boise
PALACE HOTEL.
J W Knox. Merced M X Sebers, L Ang '
F L Dutton, N V Mrs Sebers. L Ang
E Leln. N V ( » Sebers. L Ang
J S Mosby Jr. Denver W Sebers. L Ang
H S Bradford, NY A Hubbard. Redlands |
G R Hand, Sacto Mrs Hubhard, c & m, \
C Dunphy. Palo Alto Redlands
O Brannston, S Diego J I Derr, L Ang
L A Wright. 8 Dtego Mrs Derr, L Ang
C S Hardy, S Diego Nellie Derr, L Ang
V E Shaw. S Diego |Dr Hendryx, L Ang ;
E S de Golyer, L AngiO II Weflng, N V
J Copeland, L Ang iW Bo ward. Fresno
E Torrance, S Diego G Mac Lean, Neb
M L Wood, 3 Diego Mrs Mac Lean, Neb
D Collier Jr. S Diego T J Field, Monterey
W Hawkins, S Diego ; E C Voorhies. Cal
C P Stewart, S Diego R Jack, S L Obispo :
G Fuller. S Diego |W W Curtln, Term
T S Ewlng, L Ang |S Greensburg. S Louis
Mr Whelehouse, Eng H M Oorham, Nevada
Mrs Whelehouse. Eng Mrs H M Gorham A s,
Miss Whelehouse. Eng Nevada
H E Keller. Ctnn I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Miss Magesse Detroit 'J Fredericks, Stockton j
W M Fltzwilllam, Mich.S Redman. Byron
B L Pollock, Denver l\V Redman. Byron
E H Snyder, Omaha E Farr. Vallejo
•C T Burch, Bakersfleld L F Whitney, Suisun
C J Kenal, Plttsburg J Mulroy, Petaluma
W C King, Springfield G F Callahan. Benecla
F H Eastly A w, Cal IW Peters. New York
B Wilkinson, Montana IH Motes, 8 L Obispo ;
R Aylmore. Los Ang E C Armutrong. Col
C Clark, Reno I I
£AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
616 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; op«n
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
street?, open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES. _-~ : . - ■
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal • -
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. _J\_
R. A. degree. By • instructions of the TKJT
H. p. /V^
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. •'■•■■.-
and A. M., Franklin Hall. 1839 Fill- _J\_
more Third degree THIS (MON-Tk3T
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By/yr^
order ot the Master.
, HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. A
M.— Special meeting TUESDAY, Au- _J\_
gust 23, at 1:30 p. m., for the purpose /£3\
of conducting the funeral of our late / '
brother, JOHN F. MORSE. Sojourning
brethren and friends are respectfully invited.
. By order of the Master.
': THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary. ,
THE Dewey Central Republican Club Invite all
Independent political clubs to send 3 dele-
gates each to meet the executive committee
of this club In conference on political action
at room 28, Columbian building, 916 Market
St., WEDNESDAY, at 8 p. m.
H. D. MITCHELL, President.
FRED M. SMITH, Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the Ladles' Seaman's
Friend Society .will be held In the parlors of
the Sailors' Home on WEDNESDAY, August
24. at 3 p. m.
MRS. W. H. BARNES. Cor. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
Pacific Undertakers will take place at the
office of the company, 777 Mission street. San.
Francisco. Cal., TUESDAY. August 23. 1898.
at 8 o'clock p. m., for the election of direc-
tors for the ensuing term and the transactlrn i
of such other business as may come before |
It. Transfer books will close Friday. August
19, 1898, at 4 p. m. By order of the board j
of directors. M. C. GORHAM. Secy.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 84 (50 cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company,
327 Market St., on and after Thursday, Sep-
tember 1, 189 S. Transfer books will close on
Friday, August 26. ISSB, at 3 o'clock p. m. .
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 5580.
SITUATIONS WASTED- FEMALE.
COMPETENT Swedish second girl with refer-
ence desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 316 Sutter st.
A NEAT young German girl desires situation
at housework or as nurse; $10 to $15; refer-
ence. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
A NEAT, capable young Swedish girl desires
situation at housework; good cook; 3 years
last place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A COMPETENT German cook and housework
girl desires situation; best reference; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress desires situation;
2Vi years In last place; young and strong.
MISS CULJ.BN, 32f, Sutter st.
ENGLISH woman, good cook and houseworker,
$10 to $12; references. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
GREEN Swedish K'rl wishes place to assist,
$10. MRS. NORTON, 31S Sutter St.
SWJSDISH housegirl, first-class cook and
laundress; 3 years last place. MRS. NORTON,
3i:i Sutter st. ; tel. Green 721.
GERMAN hniiseglrl, roo.l cook, US to HO; 2
yt-ars last place. MRS. NORTON. Swedish
and German Employment Bureau, 313 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook, American family;
chambermaids, French maids, laundresses
and second girls of any nationality, with city ,
refen nces. Call at LEON ANDRE'S, 316
Stocktun st.
NUMBER of girls of all nationalities awaiting
situations, with best references, at MRP.
HIBD'S Employment Office, 631 Larkin st. ;
telephone Suiter 52.
Ml)>l>LE-AGHD w.jman wishes position with
elderly people or as companion to Invalid; ;
first-claw seamstress; dressmaking; best of
references. Address 8.. Call branch office,
615 Larkin lit.
SITUATION wanted by a competent, trust-
worthy young woman to do housework; good
cc»k and kind to children: will work reason-
able. Call 108 Clara St., near Fourth.
RESPECTABLE woman would like a position
In a small family; wages $10. Address 270
Jessie st., near Fourth.
EXPERIENCED Infant's nurse; competent to
take entire charge from birth: satisfactory
references. 612 Fell st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman would like
place as housekeeper; good plain cook. Box
71, Call office.
RESPECTABLE young girl of IS wishes any
kind of light work; sleep home preferred.
1139 Pacific et.
COOK (competent woman) wants a place;
willing to assist with housework or wafh.
Apply 113 Franklin St.; no postals answered.
GERMAN girl w.-uits situation for general
housework and cooking; good references. 1309
Stockton st.
WOMAN wishes situation; Is a good cook; can
do any kind of housework; wages moderate.
243 Minna St.
ARTISTIC dressmaker will work for $1 25 per
day. 1337 Market St.. near Seventh.
WIDOW with 2 children wishes work by the
day. 109 Fifth St.. room 19.
A YOUNG girl wants a situation to assist with
upstairs work. 130S Stockton st.
A Y'TNG girl wishes situation to do second
work and waiting. Call 426 Halght st.
GERMAN woman wishes washing, ironing or
housfeleaning by the day. 711 Minna st.
TWO refined ladles recently from the East,
capable of taking full charge of house, or
would act as companion, assistant, would
like to take charge of Invalid or child; city
or country; no objection to travel; good ref-
erences. Address M. S., box 11, Call office,
Oakland.
POSITION an nurse, or doctor's assistant, by
competent and experienced Eastern lady, or
can nil position of teacher, governess or
■housekeeper; best references. Address V.,
Htex 11. Call office. Oakland.
CAPABLE woman wants work by the day
washing, ironing, housecleanlng, at $1 per day
and car fare; fine American cook. Address
MRS. R., box 11, Call office.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper by respect-
able middle-aged lady: good cook and house-
keeper; will cook for party on ranch. Address
I 777 Market st.
GERMAN woman with the best of references
wishes housework in small family. Apply
1312 Van Ness aye.
SWKDISH girl would like cooking in boarding
house or laundry work In Institution. Ad-
dress 207 Montgomery aye.
NEAT industrious young lady experienced
stenographer, typewriter, assistant bookkeep-
er desires situation; salary 16 per week;
references. H.. box 118. Call office.
INFANT'S nurse? entire charge; experience In
bottle feeding; good city reference. 2118 V&
Van Ness aye.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady wants position
at light housework and plain cooking. Ad-
dress MRS. PIERENZE, 503 Sixth st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation as
housekeeper; city or country. Box 217, Call.
COLORED woman wants any kind of day's
work. 162 Clementina St., off Third.
TWO women want washing or house-cleanlni
or any kind of day work. Call 127 Turk st.
GERMAN woman wants washing or house-
cleaning by the day. 280 Natoma st.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day;
small washing or house cleaning. 502 Stev-
enson st.. near Sixth and Market.
rTOUNG German woman with a child wants a
position as housekeeper or to cook on a
rajich. 856 Mission st.
YOUNG lady with experience and good refer-
ences wishes to take charge of rooming
house; salary moderate. Landlady. 23 Stocktn.
REFINED and educated lady wishes position
as companion to invalid lady or child. HAT-
TIE M. COOKE, 1335 Jackson st.
RELIABLE woman wishes washing, ironing or
housecleanlng by the day. 400 Golden Gate
aye., downstairs.
COMPETENT dressmaker makes children's
dresses: fitted at their homes. Address 357
Hayes St.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at TNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
SITUATIONS WAJITED-MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. JO yean) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. «40 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
MAN wishes situation; is first-class coachman;
understands gardening and all about horses;
can furnish first-class city references. Ad-
dress 44 Third st. F. GILMAN.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
wXNTErv^Sltuation Immediately; a boy agei
17 with good recommendations, a position n
office, wholesale house or store; college edu
cation. Box 72, Pall office.
CHINESE boy wants situation; general house
work, plain cooking, washing. Ironing. Ap
ply at 25 Baker st. ,
POSITION ap collector; moderate salary; wel
acquainted with city; best references. Boj
76. Call office.
HANDY young man desires work In city oi
country- Address box 46, Call office. __
WANTED— By man and wife, a situation in s
camp; wife is a cood cook and man is
handy with tools; Is a first-class fireman anc
Is handy around an engine, and is willing
to make himself generally useful. Address
J. C, box 8, Call office. Oakland.
WANTS employment; a young man, aged 1!
years, lives with his parents, has the best ol
reference, would like to learn some re-
spectable business; is not afraid of work
wages no object." Please address J. L. M.,
box 67. Call office. •
RELIABLE man wants situation as valet,
servant, private secretary or tutor; aged 5(
years; speaks French, German. Italian and
English; fair education; good nurse. Address
229 Fourth st. JOSEPH P. GRISON.
COACHMAN or stableman (Swede) wants sit-
uation In private family; understands the
care of horses, carriages, some gardening,
etc.; good references. Box 218, Call office.
MAN and wife, German, would like to have
positions in private family; wife good cook,
man handy around house or milk ranch; ex-
perienced. S. F., box 66. Call office.
SOBER Frenchman 56 years old; first-class ref-
erences; as gardener, or indoor work; would
like steady place In good family. A.
VITTV, 040 Washington et.
MIDI'LK-AGKI) mar., sub<-r ami Industrious,
good cuachman or gardener, wants position In
private family; good references. Address L.
8., 763 Mission at.
AN up-to-date printer, capable of holding any
positlon In news or Job office, desires situa-
tion; wife also a compositor. Address box
63, Call office.
BARKEEPER. German, must be single; state
last place worked In and inclose written tes-
timonials; none considered without. Box 215,
TODNG man with good references desires po-
sition In private place as gardener and man
about place. Address E. C., box 9, Call of-
fice, Oakland.
FINE cake baker and omamenter, elderly man.
wants a situation; wages reasonable. Please
Inquire cr address Cake Baker, 1616 Stockton.
POSITION wanted aa driver; take care of
Ptend garden; 6 years In one place;
b if required. Box 241. Call office.
ASS machinist, "oolmaker, rtec-
k-ants position as engineer, etc. Box
office.
POSITION wanted in furniture or second-hand:
flret-olass hand in stove repairing, woodwork
or upholstering. 1510 Howard st.
MONET on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS' 15 Grant are.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 20c to $150 night; )1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; fre« 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
4~MARKET ST.— Branch »fflce of The Call.
AVant ads anu subscriptions taken.
HELP WANTED- FEMALE.
FOR American waitress for institu-
tion, $25; 2 second girls across the bay, $20;
laundress, private family. $25; polisher in
laundry. $35; 2 cooks, plain wash, $30; 12
waitresses, $20 and $25, and a great many
girls for housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
816 Sutter at. '
3 AMERICAN, German and French nurses,
$20; 4 cooks, German style, $25 and $30;
mother and daughter as cook and waitress.
1 $30- cook, small hotel, $25; 6 waitresses, ho-
tels and restaurants. $20-$5 and $6 a week.
and girls for housework. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
COOK $30; 2 nurses, $15 and $20; 3 second girls,
$23 and $20. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS, $30; 2 laundresses, $23 each.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. *
NEAT young girl, $12. MISS CULLEN, 32
Sutter st. __ ■ ■
i CHAMBERMAID, $15. MISS CULLEN, 32c
Sutter st. -__
HOUSEWORK - girl. Salinas. $20; fare paid;
Alameda $25; San Mateo. $25, and othei
| tow™: 20 housework gfrls. city. $2C [and l $25;
! 8 young girls assist, $10 to $15. MISS C_L
LEX, 325 Sutter st. .
2 CHAMBERMAIDS, wait one meal. $20 each.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS and chambermaid, $20, country
hotel- one who understands some bookkeep-
ing. 'MISS CULLEN. 325 Putter st. ' . • ■
6 WAITRESSES, private boarding houses and
hotels, city, $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
1 NEAT young French girl, housework. $20, Bel-
vedere. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK. $30; second "girl. $25; nurse. $15; house-
girl. $25: ranch cook, $25. MRS. NORTON,
! 313 Sutter st.
! SECOND girl. Berkeley, $20; second girl, San
Rafael, $25; young second girl. $15; chamber-
maid, $15; waitress, $15. MRS. NORTON.
; 313 Sutter Bt.
| WOMAN to wash dishes $15 ; woman with a
child as housekeeper. $10. MRS. NORTON,
! 313 Sutter st. i
! TEN housegirls. $20 each: 6 housegirls, , $25
■ each- 8 young girls to assist. $10 to $10. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, Santa Cruz. $20; 2 waitresses, So-
nora $20; 2 waitresses, Hanford, $20: wait-
ress, ' Bakersfleld, $20; waitress. Kern, $20;
waitress. Fresno. $25. fare paid: waitress, VI- .
salla $20; 2 waitresses, springs, $20_ waitresses.
Napa. $20; waitress, San Jose, $25; waitress,,
Woodland, $20: 2 waitresses. Healdsburg, $15;
! 6 waitresses, city, $20; 3 chambermaids to
wait $20: chambermaid, country, $15; hotel
laundress, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
COOKS, housegirls and second girls ' for choice
city and country places. $15, $20, $25. C. R.
HANSKN & CO., 104 Geary »t.
WANTED — German or Scandinavian cooks,
$30- Swedish laundress, $30; laundress, $25;
German cook, $40: Swedish second girl. $30:
German second girl, $25: German nursery
governess, $20; a number of girls for house-
work and assist. LEON ANDRE. 216 Stock-
ton st. ' '-
WANTED — Cooks, chambermaids, nurseglrla
and girls for housework. MRS. HIRD. 631
Larkln st. ■'
AN active young girl for light housework; good
home and $5 a month and some clothes. 4226
Twenty-sixth St., near Castro; car fare
given. ■
WANTED — lady pres6er; good pay:
steady Job. Address Berlin Dye Works. 818
E. Washington St., Los Angeles, Cal.
WANTED— A girl for general housework. 3448
Twentieth Bt., northeast corner Capp; call
after 9 a. m.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants. 858 Howard
St.; between Fourth and Fifth, over ball
court.
PANTS finisher; first-class; none others need
apply. 724^ Market St., room 27.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker; no other
need apply. 956 Mission st.
GIRL for housework and assist with children*
references. 1668 Fell st. , /
TAILORESS wanted on coats. 734 Howard st
near Third. ',
GIRL wanted— housework and wash-
ing; German preferred. 1409*4 Folsom.nr.loth.
WANTED— to work at tailoring; with
good experience. 1479 Market st.
GIRL for llcht housework and assist with
child; $10. 565 Bryant at., near Fourth.
WAITRESS wanted at. 1212% Polk st Modern
Restaurant.
GIRLS wanted for dressmaking-. Apply at 1407
Laguna st. .
GlM'''G 1M''' / wanted *'" family. C&11 forenoon at
WANTED— GirI to wait at table in restaurant;
wages $15 a month: sleep home. 830 Howard.
WANTED— Experienced waist 'hand at 1630
Howard st. » , .
WOMEN and girls; steady work on fruit and
canning. Californlan Canneries Co.. Ltd..
Br_nnan st., bet. Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit. . Apply
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.. Tenth
and Bryant sts.
WANTED— To-day, attractive : young lady Ito
assist managing roadhouse near city; piano
player - preferred; steady, beneficial - home.
Sec, proprietor, 957 Market St.. room 43.
WANTED— on flannel overshlrts: a
few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVIi STRAUSS & CO. . 36«/4 Fremont : st. ,
GIRL ; for general housework. 417 Fair Oaks
St.. near Twenty-fifth.
WANTED— Woman and girls to work on fruit.
; 376 San '■ Jose aye. . .: . ■ .- :,
FIRST-CLASS saleslady for cloak and suit
: house. Box 69, Call.
MONEY on diamonds, : sealskins, watches and
■;;.-■: jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. il5 Grant aye.
LEARN ■ dressmaking and millinery; position*
if i patterns : Sic up. McDowell' a, 103 Port.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— man for factory, ' wife to
board men; sheep herder, $20; washer for
laundry; slack work coopers, $30 and found;
tiemakers; laborers for country, $175 to $2
day and fare refunded; laborers for furnace,
$2 day; young American, for housework, $15;
quartz miners, $2 50 day; farmer, $25, and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st. ' '
WANTED Two country hotel cooks, $30 and
$40; 3 neat restaurant waiters, $30, for coun-
try; short order cook, $7; vegetableman. $25;
dishwashers and others. • Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st. ;35SiSi
MURRAY & READY.... MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
want— men for Arizona
57 woodchoppers, tools furnished, $2 50 to $1
cord; 20 men to hoe beans, etc., anybody, $^0
and found; 3 butter-makers and milkers. $30
and $25 and found
Sultana dipper.. Peach tree budder
Man for drying yards of orchard and vine-
yard- 2 boys to learn city trades $3 week.
y ' MURRAY & READY.
'....'. ............634-636 Clay st.
BAKER, pastry, country. $40 and found. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
6 STONEMASONS, rough work, country; 3
stonemasons' helpers. MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st. ■■
AGAIN COOKS TO-DAY
We want 5 hotel cooks, $55, $35 and $25 and
found- we want 2 camp cooks, $40 and $3.". and
found- we want 3 short-order cooks. $35 and
found; 9 dishwashers. $25, $20 and $15 and
1 0Und MURRAY & READY; ""
'".'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'■'. •••• 634-636 Clay st.
15 FRUITPICKERS, $23 and found; fare $1.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay . st.
FREE FARE .
" "25 muckers for a tunnel, railroad work, good
wages; 19 pickers for a tunnel, railroad work,
good wages; 04 2-horse teamsters, railroad
work good wages; 86 slip-scraper teamster*
railroad work, good wages; 15 . 4-horse team-
sters, railroad work, good wages; 26 Fresno
scraper teamsUrs. railroad work, good wages;
55 common laborers, railroad work, good
FrleE FARE '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. '.".".FREE ' FARE;
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay fit.
2 FARMERS and wives. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay St. " ~ ~
YOUNG bakery boy to scale off dough $25 and
found; 10c fare. MURRAY & READY. 634-
636 Clay st. '"■'--■- m
$2 50 DAY TO THE M1NE5...... $2 50 DAY
A special S. P. passenger carload of M men,
common laborers (no experience required);
cheap railroad rates, small office fee and
wages from $2 50 day. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay St. __
186. .MEN AND BOYS. .WOMEN AND GIRLS.
Families and parties, anybody and everybody,
come and go hop picking; fare $1; of nee feo
50c: owner of ranch at our office; see him ana
have a 6 weeks' outing; $1 per 100 pounds;
heavy crop; you can make big money. Mill-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
15 LABORERS for a 5awmi11.... 526 and found
3 choremen, city Jobs $15 and found
15 laborers and teamsters, city jobs, $1 <5 and
$1 50 day; 64 tiemakers be to lie each
Man to work in wine cellar $20 and found
$3 day each ....Hay balers $3 day each
9 farm and orchard hands, $26 and $20 and
found; 2 choremen for ranches.. s2o and found
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
SECOND cook, hotel, north, «$5O; second cook,
country restaurant, $50; cook, country hotel,,
fare advanced, $50; cook, country boarding-
house, $40; short order cook, $10 a' week; sec-
ond cook and baker, fare paid. $35; Swedish
baker, $8 a week; baker, hotel. $35; third-
hand baker, $30; waiter, country hotel $30,
country restaurant $30. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. I_l_.
10 4-HORSE teamsters — — free fare
20 2-horse teamsters free fare
8-horse plow teamster- —free fan*
for new railroad in California.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
SKVEN laborers, $1 a day and board; 10 labor-
ers for a mine, $1 60 to $2 50 a day. steady
work, reduoed fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. ■ ■
I 1000 LABORERS and rockmen for Alaska and
British Columbia railroads. Particulars at
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'B. 104 Geary St.
FIVE teamsters. $1 60 and $1 *0 a day; 5 la-
I borers, $1 60 a day: mockers, $1 75 a day; drill-
ers. $1 75 a day; bench men, $2 a day; head-
ers, $2 50 a day: ranch blacksmith, $30; ranch
. choreman, $20; 8 prune pickers, near city;
i cooks country, $50 and $30; waiters, $25 and
! $20; quarry men, axmen. R. T. WARD & CO.,
608-610 Clay st.
I WANTED — dyer and cleaner in all
. branches: understands pressing; good pay;
steady Job. Address Berlin Dye Works, 816
E. Washington st., Los Angeles. Cal.
! SEAMEN and ordinary seamen for deep-water
and coasting . Shipping Agency, 10 Steuart
Bt., upstairs.
FIRST-CLASS butcher tor country hotel as ex-
tra. $3 60 day; free fare. C. R. HANSEN &
■/CO., 104 Geary st. ■■-.-"■• :. - • ...' \"
GOOD butcher boy; some experience: living
Western Addition, Monday morning, 521 Lyon
. St., near Fulton.
I CLEANER wanted to-day; $1 a day. GOLDEN
j GATE DYE WORKS, 342 McAllister St.
WANTED— Bootblack. $7. 141 Ellis st.
\ WANTED— A man to carry a banner. Apply
early. 1212 Vi Polk st. Modern Restaurant.
HELPER In blacksmith shop: must understand
horsesholng. 1929 Market st.
GOOD man dishwasher. 313 OFarrell st.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 606 Montgomery st.
WAITER wanted for the night watch. Apply
Call Office. '
ELDERLY man to do chores around bakery.
Apply 1139 Folsom st.
ERRAND boy for tailor shop; $2 per week.
858 Howard St.. bet. Fourth and Fifth.
A BELLBOY: $12 per month. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter st.
WAITER wanted at 613 Clay st.
WANTED— Paper hanger. Call bet 7 and 8
- o'clock. 1757 Howard st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
30 years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their intention to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height. For further
Information apply at the recruiting office, 20
Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal.
LABORERS— mow men wanted for general
labor on concrete foundations; Port Towns-
end, Wash. ; $1 75 per day with 25c additional
under certain conditions, and return fare to
San Francisco; must pay fare going; steam-
er Queen, August 24. Apply to Pacific Bridge
Co.. 4 California St.. room 8.
WANTED competent ladles' tailor who
can cut, design, fit and finish ladies' tailor
gowns in the most skillful workmanship
only need apply: state previous employment.
Address box 237. Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— for furniture department:
one that keeps stock: also wrap and pack
furniture. Apply at 523 Market st., room 7,
from 2 to 3 p. m. ■
J J HEINZ, 630 Market St.. official em-
ployment see. of Barbers' Protective Union.
i COATMAKER for country. Apply ," REIS3
BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
COAT makers wanted for country. Apply at
7 Montgomery st. ■ ■.
SOLICITORS wanted. Apply at 404 McAllister
, street. . -
PRESSER wanted on ladles' cloaks. Apply at
once to L. HOROVITZ. 751 Market st.
WANTED— Young man of good address. 342
Post st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 "th; tel. Jessie 1164.
BARBERS' Asa'n Free Employm't Office. S.
■ FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant __
ABLE and ordinary seamen at HANSEN'S, IT
Vallejo st.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling. 35c; only one price. 959 Howard st.
TO Coatmakers wanted. Apply at
11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
CHARLES LYONS. 721 Market St. :
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
I SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
I Australia, Europe. HERMAN' S. 26 Steuart.
MEN to learn '. barber trade in 8 weeks. San
Francisco Barber College, 138»* Eighth st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
.LANE'S. 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
; for. a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. .
WANTED— To '• collect wages due laborers and
clerks Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter at.
SINGLE - rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c. and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER ■ HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
Market: i 200 rooms, - 25c night; reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
- o'clock;. branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
: tions and • want . ads taken. ,;-..,'■
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
• -"all. a Sent : to ;; any address - In . the - United
: States or Canada • one year for $1 50, . postagp*
■■: tnm. '■ ..:-;■ ■« - : - '■■■■• »-.;;-;: --- : '■'. •> "-' -FURMTI'RE WAXTEO.
CAPH.- for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer-
chandise: sold on commission; reasonable X
■ X. auctioneer, 00 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
.H. :"BAUM buys furniture and general nur-
■" ■•ch'a'n.lisf. ii'f-T Market st.: tel. Jessie 32.
ROOMS >V ANTED.
WANTIiD— Exchan-re art works, pictures or
ha in drawing for light housekeeping
: Tivi'ms.- 1 Address A., box 715, Call office.
■"■".ROOMS AND BOARD \VA\TKI).
.-MAN to sweep and dust for room, board and
. 4liyn.lry;- no wages. Alpha Hous«. 6 Market.
LADY wll) u-a.:h piano for room; Mission pre-
■ lerr.e.j. Box j.S. Call office.
V ' \VASTEU-MISCELLAX_OtS.
J.'HO.TOGRAPHIC and magic lantern app».-
r-Atus. second-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
OMAR!' OMAR! "OMAR!
-.: ■. ;•. THE OCCULT WONDER.
- ; . • • • MARVELOUS TESTS!
■•: FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER.
• ."'• Name of Sweetheart or husband.
;•;;• Advice to make you succeed li> love, bnsi-
'.''neM, marriage, divorce, law sun-, etc.;
.•■'..cures drunkenness, bad habits! evil Influ-
: en?es; locates mines, buried treasures, etc.;
guarantees success.
.. . .. OMAR NEVER FAILS
■■" • ■ To unite the separated and
■ . ■■ Cause speedy and happy marriages.
:■•. ." OMAR
• ;. .'. Guarantees success In all cases.
Letters containing $1 and 4 questions an-
swered. Private resi>l.»nee. S2."> Eddy St., 325.
. MRS. DR. F. CLARK
■ • . Unrivaled.
'■ Trance Clalrv -ant and Medium.
WhUe entranced she will reveal every hidden
••mystery In life; will show you how to over-
r :rie .'your enemies, remove family troubles,
rest.- 1 -* lo6t affections; unites the separate, re-
covers, lost, stolen or buried property: locates
■ . treasures, minerals; tells your -tire life,
past, present and future, while in a perfect
. trance. T T iurs 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect
''RtUfaction guaranteed by mall. Send stamp
..•;ior circular with special terms.
. .Rooms 25 and 26. 1206 Market street.
■MRS. J. J. WHITNEY,
■' ■Medical clairvoyant and medium, will diag-
nose -.diseases and treat with revealed reme-
'.' dies, .which are a boon to suffering humanity;
• •-; stamp for' circular. 232 StocKton st. .
MME. ■ PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
' • card- reader: born with double veil and second
'.■ sight diagnoses disease: full life reading; la.
: .'.5.0.C; gents $) ; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
■ MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader: past.
• •t.present and future; $25c. US Sixth st., room 10.
•"YOUR future told by cards; ladies 10c; gents
. : :-'gsc.-. 221. Sixth st.
.MME. WALTERS, the great card reader; ladies,
:.'25cJ genta. 50c. Sol Mission St., near Sixth.
•_IME. ' MOREAU, best medium and card
: reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
"MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
• '-a—Vlc*; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. RAMONDI:'ycur fortune told by
• ..' chiroKraphy, $1 and $2. 109 Grant aye.. room 2.
" 6"ONO.RA RAMONA. medium and card reader;
• = .lOc-f ladies only. 23 Ash aye.
'.MRS.. B. -BAUMANN, the veil-known fortune
toller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
IPOS. SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
■■. .band's picture. 2.V-: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
...;. ■ SPIRITUALISM.
Q,' A. KRAUS, medium; astrology and palmis-
' ' try;.' sittings daily. -834 Eddy st. ' •
•• MRS.- ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia st. : read-
/Ings," $1; cir. Tuea.. Frl.. 2 p. m.; Mon 8; 25c.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 212V4 Sixth st.
.M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
•.dlura.- 118 Halght Et. ■
MRi;. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, trance
• test medium and life reader. 2*,2 Stockton st.
DEXTISTS.
A" FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
.• teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
•work painless and warranted. Chicago Den- j
. ■ tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1122.
' _>R GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
f'-lst discoverer of painless extraction and
':•■ 'nate.nt.ee of improved bridge work or teeth
'. ...without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
• y VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
- of. teeth, J5 up; fillings, 2?c up; all work
- 't>alnlesß air.d guaranteed to stand; open even-
.. ■Ift'g.s. -997 Market St.. cor. Sixth.
DR. ' LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
'■" Eleventh crowns, bridge work and filling a
.- ' specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
ALL. work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
■VY\. KEY, 1320 Market st.
S'L"W YORK methods at New York prices by
. •New York dentists. 963 Mission, cor. Sixth.
PAINLESS filling a specialty. DRS PERRY
. _ CHRISTIE. - Masnn St.. cor. Market.
MUSICAL INSTRI MENTS.
•AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash an.l $5 per month, we ask you to invest 1-
. ■ gate and approve this method; prices are the
'• . tame as if purchased for all cash; bargains i
' • in good second-hand uprights upon same easy |
payjnents and some good pianos for 13, $4 and j
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY ft CO.. '
• Steinway dealers, corner Kearny an! Sutter !
Bts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and j
.Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
-B-est of Chicago is KOHLER "-. CHASE
26,- 2 8 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and j
' all .other musical Instruments of all grades
• .aiid prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
•'••'• thing possible done to please and satisfy the
: . ; customer.
. A tJOOD- square piano for practice, $2: a fine
■ :• Emerson, $30; an elegant Stein way piano, $150;
' • a carload of new Hardman pianos Just ar-
• • rived : elegant instruments; prices reasonable.
V THE J- DEWING CO.. 2d floor Flood bldg.
" MARSHALL & WENDELL. $75; C Hall,
.$100:- Bradbury, $130; Neuman. $145; Sterling,
- "$185; Eatey, $190; guaranteed; easy payments. i
. • BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, Chickering agents,
" .. 1C O'Farrell st. .
' FOR the next 30 days pianos will be sold for
• cash at almost coat price by THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market St.; they
■ . -are making room for fresh stock.
EOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
B'riggß and other pianos; see our rent plan;
; no- Interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post st.
■'BTEINWAY upright, almost new; bargain for
" \cash. Turk st.
A— s6o'* UPRIGHT; $5 installments; other cheap
pianos. 216 McAllister st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
.'...an. WC. HAMILTON. 324 Poet at.
•"AD" smallest; price lowest; uprights, $75 up;
." reni's, $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister St..
'■ • next Hlbernla Bank. SCHMITZ. . .. ,
••.KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
. ■ LER & CHASE, 30 O Farrell Bt.
• ' SUPERIOR violins, others, old and new. H.
■MI 'L LKR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
•:A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— Weekly
;- GaU.'Jn wrapper, for mailing.
•'. . -FOR A MISCELLANEOUS.
~BOiLE"RS ' engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
: ■ .INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
-•L'Afiy has a new $25 costume she wishes to
„■..' Aispoee of for half price. 620 Van Ness aye.;
basfemerit. ■ ' • ; .
; NEW mining and milling machinery cheap;
■'f ay y ■t'ermg. Assay office, 10 Stevenson st.
..HORSEFHOEIV S outfit for sale cheap. Apply
: __JJlackßmlth shop, 1223 Fell st. .•.-i■. • ■ ■■ ■
- RHONOQRAPHS, record"^ $5 per dozen;
1• • Pro]e.ctoscope. lioo. Cacltralupi. 938-952 Market.
■'^^ iv u y?,'. ngs and lumber bought and sold.
"■' p i*m- ?* n-£arn -£ ar llM c hanan, or Royal House.
■ K6 gllla st. F. J. FRENCH & CO. j
. JJAKS, back bars, mirrors, »how cases^couiT
. • X V?' linoleum, ofllce furniture, store and
■ ■ °^ Ce h rV ' tU T re S3 "*tures; new and sec
■•••gsslQn^si:, abovl^Px^ "■-10"-1021-1023
■ SECOND-HAND ».-:ti :i; ,. pulley., shafting, en-
■■ glnes. boilers, dynamos, etc. 516 Mission st.
. J. "R.'POOL, house mover, dealer second hand
• [.Hiding material. 1124 klsston, tel So 787.
■SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand- All
;.sli;e-s; half original con. 100-lU^arkei S. F.
•BARS, .show cases, counters, shelving ptr
t ".boUKhtand sold. UP- Mission St.. nr. Seventh'
:•. • SEWI.VG BIACHDVKB. ~- - '
■•ATTOMAT! Domestic, Slnger~and~WhTto
c.heap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st"
.♦2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bouKht RnM-
•/ m-achlne cuppllcs. .145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.'
ALL. kinds bought, sold, exchanged rented-
•' repairing at lowest rates. ■ 205 Fourth st
- ."■ _ TVPEWRITEIIS. ' •
.ALL ' typewritten sold and ' rented; partly
used" for sale cheap; send for sam Dies and
. • prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
NEW Hammond, $35; Caligraph, $15; yont $26-
•. get sample work. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery. '
BUSINESS CHANCES. '
.{2400 — CORNER Market-st. saloon; among
wholesale houses; finest in its line; best class
of trade; bears close investigation; trial
given; good reasons for selling. M. LESS.
'(.."■ Market st.
DELICACY store north of Market st. ;
old-established; present owner there 0 years;
a rare bargain; fine location. M. LESS. 765
Market st.
$400— STATIONERY, S notion and variety store
north of Market st.; 4 living-rooms: cheap
rent: fine opportunity: old-established trade.
M. LESS. 768 Market st.
$330— CIGAR' stand, laundry office; north of
Market; fine fixtures, clean stock; a snap:
owner has other business. M. LESS, 765
Market st, opposite Phelan building.
$225— CORNER cigar stand on Kearny.st.; old
established; receipts $9 to $11 per day; rent
$15; Bold at sacrifice. M. LESS, 765 Market.
.\_ssso: cigar store close to the Emporium;
fine location; good business; excellent bar-
gain. WILKE, 7SBW Market, at., new No. 845.
$500— BAKERY In lively country .own: baking
average daily IVi barrels; horse, wagon; rent
$25; a first-class offer and splendid opening.
WILKE. 845 Market st. '
ORIIER saloon In choicest downtown
location; kept, by owner, the last 12 years and
doing a first-class paying business; owner to
retire- investigate at once; a very rare
chance. WII.KK. MB Market st. •
SALOON In very best location; close to
theaters hotels and newspaper offices; a good
cla«« of trade and excellent paying; rent $50.
Particulars WILKE, 753 Market st. new
number, 545. ■
A— CORNER grocery and bar on Larkln st.;
established many years; known as a leading
and money-making place; must be sold at
once on account of other business Investment
of owner. Particulars ILKE, iB3^ Mar-
ket st. ; new number 545.
$1200-FIRST-CLASS restaurant and oyster
house in a prosperous country town; doing a
business from $30 to »M daily; ong lease,
l°__ffi__»feifrssffg j
$55C^-CITY front saloon; bargain; disagreement
of partners cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN &
CO.. 777 Market st.
$450— COAL oil and gasoline route; good horse
and wagon; will clear $100 per month. Mc-
LAUGHLIN .v CO, 777 Market st.
; CORNER saloon; bargain this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
ROCERY and bar: bargain; arare
cnance on account of sickness; stock and flx-
tu-es worth more than price asked. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market et.
WFRTHEIM & KERTH. Real Estate and
witness Agenoy-Rent and money collectors;
".rir.ers secured. We have always on hand a
Unction of real estate and business places.
uv offer for sale to-day:
J 250 Saloon, elegantly fitted up. with rea-
taurant and private roonw: cheap rent and
lease; best location on Market st.
One of the finest and best saloons in
this 'city; located among merchants and mar-
kets; d«in X a large business: stock. Bxtures,
cheap rent; full investigation to pur-
this is an excellent opportunity.
11250— Millinery in best part of toe city.
Including stock and fixtures.
$1201— Grocery and bar; fine location south or
Market «t. : cheap rent and lease.
-Lodging house, 34 rooms, finely rur-
best location; rear Market st.
Parties intending to buy or sell businesses or
real estate please T^-_RTH,
" f . irket St., southeast cor¥ Stockton.
A— PROSPEROUS confectionery and ice cream
business; elegant fixtures; fine locality.
KREDO & CO. _____
IRANCH bakery, delicacy and notions; 5
furnished rooms; receipts $10 daily. KH__>O
_ CO. -
Grocery and bar; fine corner. I KREDO
Grocery and family liquor. KREDO
& CO — —
2 MORE men wanted with $500 each security
and good position. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary.
HIGHEST cash prices paid for restaurants,
na fixture, grocery stocks; quick sales.
. ■ .-. < I.i . ■:>•■_ Kearny s^
, $325— CORNER butcher shop; Western Addi-
t ion- does cash business of $20 dally; rent $15.
i STENBERG & CO., 2&4 Kearny Bt.
$123 WILL secure for bright, enterprising man
on interest- In a new commodity;- no opposl-
! tlon. JONES & SEARL—. 868 Market st.
: $!oo_.HALF Interest established manufactur-
ing business; goods in demand; used by
everybody: no competition; Investigate. Ap-
ply 1564 Seventh St.. Oakland. ■ j
STATIONERY store; good, old paying place;
[ make a nice living. Apply, Call office.
31500 — FAMILY shoe store; living rooms and
furniture: rent $22 SO. 106 Ninth St.
FOR sale — 100 shares In the Dutch Mining and
Milling Company at bargain rates; mine
situated on Quartz Mountain, Tuolumne
County. Cal.; stamps dropping, developed an.d
good record for dividends. Apply to JOHX
lI KENAN, attorney-at-law, 220 Sansome St..
San Francisco.
$300— PARTNER wanted In light business,
where the services of plain, steady man are
preferred to hired help; business long estab-
lished and too much for one man; no experi-
ence required; trial given; $18 to $30 a week
each. Apply 8 to 6 p. m.. 9 Oeary, room 2.
EXPERUSNCBD miner with good references
haa located 2 claims with 5 ledges near
Angels Camp; wants partner with money for
developing. Afldre— Miner, box 239, Call.
CANDY and cigar store; 3 rooms; furniture;
cheap rent: exchange for camping outfit or
cheap for cash; cause of sale sickness. 528
Third st. ____
LIGHT profitable cash business for man and
wife; invpstlgate. 1023 Market st. Apply Sun-
day and Monday.
MAN with JSOO would like to go in as partner
in paying restaurant or coffee house or sa-
loon; good waiter. T. X.. box 64, Call office.
.'.l:. i. . -1 business suitable for man
wife; worth $100 a month; small capi-
tal. C> San Pablo aye., Oakland.
ENTH and Mlppion— Corner store; flne
r unity for saloon or French liquor store.
M'HA.NT and coffee saloon for sale. 1125
kton St.. cor. Pacific.
NT-TOWN route morning paper for sale:
, si. kness. Address Route, box 234, Call.
$800— FINE located corner grocery, bar, fix-
tures and furniture for sale. Box 238. Call.
EXPERIENCED dentist wishes graduate part-
ner to open business. Address 709 Ivy aye.
harness business for sale; work enough
for 2 men; thorough investigation given: re-
Btock if necessary. 621 E. 12th, Oakland.
RESTAURANT; Ju.-t the place for man and
wife; ehr-ap if taken this month. Apply 357
H i :-■«•:■ ?t.
LADY in U-Ritlmate business wishes gentleman
r half interest. Address box 242, Call.
'tt'lT.and grocery business, horse & wa-
Bonj must sell. 317 San Pablo aye., Oakland^
FOR Sale— Oyster saloon; good location; cheap
rent; bargain. 220 Fourth at. .___
MONF.Y en diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS". 15 Grant aye.
TO PRINTERS— CompIete Job office In Oak-
land; cheap for cash. D., box 1, Call, Oakland.
FOR Rale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
tlculars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. r.r .\ SWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento »t.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
BTENBERG & CO 26% KEARNY BT.
23 roon:s; clears $70; central $700
8 rooms; sunny corner; clears $30 *. 800
24 rooms; Third st. ; family house 1000
18 rooms; corner; big bargain 600
27 rooms; owner's 5 years: N. Market ft.;
other^ bargains. STEXBKRO, 26V4 Kearny.
A— KHEI;<) & CO 22Vi~GEARY ST.
....MONEY TO LOAN AT LOW RATES
105 rooms; beat paying in city $4200
60 rooms; apartment; clears $150 3000
34 rooms; fine corner; half cash 2000
23 rooms; clears $75 month 650
20 rooms; two entrances; Market 300
11 rooms; Geary; doctor pays rent 560
9 rooms; also 8 rooms; bargains 200
Others too numerous to mention. KREDO
& CO.
A— 3o ROOMS; new and clean..: $1560
74 rooms; south of Market St.; fine 4000
31 rooms; transient; Market st 960
J", rooms, select: transient corner 300
14 rooms; fine house; Income $50 clear itOO
36 rooms; elegant; furnished hotel 1800
50 rooms; part cash; transient 1450
18 rooms: Market st. ; clears $200; cheap.. 860
ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st. (L. W.
ROGERS, formerly clerk for H. C. Decker.)
H. C. DEvn.ER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
■ 10 rooms; corner; very good — $260
24 rooms: sunny corner: clears $100 900
r,v rooms; corner: clears $250.. 2200
100 others; 2 to 300 rooms; prices $100 to.. 8000
See ruy bargain list in to-day's Chronicle.
h' C. DECKER. JQ2O Market st.. opp. Fifth.
$325— LODGING house; bargain on account of
sickness. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market.
WKLL and completely furnished lodging house
of twelve rooms; must be sold In three days.
r,07 Polk st. '
BARGAIN In a rooming house; 22 rooms; part-
ly furnished; all new; $4DO. E. L. LYON, -215
Kearny st.
JESSIE, 358V>. near Emporium— House of 6
rooms. $ICKJ; flat of 3 rooms. $40; no agents.
■iM house olwsp; must leave city.
242 Taylor st. j
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any addresn In the United
Klates or Canada one year for $1 60, postage
paid. . •
THE S.AJN FEAyCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 22, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
AT 715 Sutter. near Taylor— Unsurpassable for
Dr. or dressmaker; workroom 25x35: choice for
business and residence combined; investigate.
HOWARD, 230fj — Elegant modern residence of 9
rooms and bath; large basement; sun in every
room. Apply to EASTON & ELDRIDQE.
HOUSE, 7 rooms and bath; rent $18. Apply
at 626 Eddy st. _____
MASON, 809, near Pine— House of S large sunny
rooms;' bath and gae; low rent to good tenant.
OLI VE~ave~ 113. near Polk and O'Farrell—
$25; 7 rooms and bath, three-story.
RESIDENCE, 10 rooms, 703 Taylor St.. near
Sutter: residence. 11 rooms. 607 Stockton St..
near Pine. Inquire room 614. Call building.
SCOTT, 251. near Page — Modern sunny house,
8 rooms. $35; water free; new.
TWKNTY-THIRD, 2754. bet. Bryant and Hamp-
shire— 6 rooms; bath; large yard; modern Im-
provements.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
S3» HATES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Suhpcrlptions and ads taken.
""furnished houses to let.
AN elegantly newly furnished home, 9 rooms,
bath; sunny side; Western Addition; Axmin-
ster carpets; Oriental rugs; rich hangings;
choice etchings: Ha vi land china, etc. H. ,
box 15, Call office.
AN 8-room modern house, completely fur-
nished. $45: adults only. Apply 112 Scott st.,
near Haight. ___^___^_
COTTAGES TO LfcJT.
4-ROOM cottage; nice cellar and yard. Apply
923 Shotwell st.
$10; BAY-WINDOW cottage of 4 rooms; water
free, K6 '''0111118 st.. near Geary.
FURNISHED FLATS^
FLAT of 3 sunny rooms; furnished or unfur-
nished. 113 San Jose aye., nr. Twenty- fourth.
4-ROOM flat, nicely furnished, and bath. 11l
Fell °t.
FLATS TO LET.
APPRECIATED if seen; rarely beautlfui; NW.
corner Sutter and Scott; 6 big rooms and
glazed porch; or NW. corner Erie and How-
ard, near Thirteenth; 7 big rooms and porch;
rent reasonable; all flooded with sunshine.
A— 4o flats; 3 and 4 rooms $ 7— sll
A— 7o flats; 6to 7 rooms $11— $20
20 new flats (cheap) at SPECK & CO.'S, 602
Market St.
A NEW $35 flat, garret, garden; will let for $21;
magnificent marine view; near Pacific
Heights School. 2719 Union st.
BEAUTIFUL flat of 8 rooms; rent cheap. 1506
Geary st.
BRANNAN. 422. near Third— 2 nice flats of 4
and 3 rms. each; newly renovated; rent cheap.
BROADWAY, 1122 A —Upper flat, 4 choice sun-
ny rooms; modern improvements; $12.
CHOICE upper flat: 6 rooms, bath and large
basement. 536 Central aye., near Park pan-
handle; Hayes-st. cars.
CORNER, sunny, modern 5-room flat and bath;
rent $15. 205 Diamond St., cor. Nineteenth.
ELEGANT new flats, nearly ready, 6 to 8
rooms, baths, sunshine In every room; $30,
$32 80, $35. KW. cor. Beulah and Shrader
sts.. near Golden Gate Park.
>M, 951. near Sixth— Flat with 7 rooms
and bath; suitable for private and rooming.
FULTON, US— Fine sunny middle flat, 7 rooms;
bath: near City Hall.
GEARY, 1138, between Van Ness and Frank-
lin — Elegant modern upper flat 7 rooms; bath.
LYON, 411, near Hayes— Fine lower flat 5
rooms; bath; $14; near Park.
LYON, 619— New. sunny flat of 5 rooms and
bath; near McAllister st.
MINNA, 648, near Eighth— Sunny corner flat
of 4 and 7 rooms; bath; range If required; ap-
preciated If seen.
MONEY on dismonds, sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at UT.'CLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
NEW flat. 4 sunny rooms and bath. Apply at
531 Greenwich st.
OAK. 921 A —Nice flat, 6 rooms and bath; rent
reduced, $18; water free; nr. Park Panhandle^
O'FARRELL. ISI3-1917A— Sunny 3 and 4 room
flats; modern Improvements; large grounds.
PEARL. 27, off MarUot. near Valencia— Sunny
upper flat of 3 rooms in rear; $7.
POST 625, near Jones— Flat of 7 rooms and
bath.
SANCHEZ. 377. near Seventeenth— Upper flat
four sunny rooms; $0.
SIX large sunny rooms and bath; latest Im-
provements; rent reasonable. 23 Shotwell st.
UPPER flat of 6 nice sunny rooms and bath;
rent cheap. 1385 Vallejo at.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
2 AND 3 rooms, furnished or unfurnished; very
central. 53R O'Farrell St. W
2 SUNNY flats 4 rooms; rent $11 and $14. 6 A
and 8% Dearborn St., off 17th. above Valencia.
5 ROOMS, bath: larpe stable: reasonable. 5V4
Camp St., near Guerrero and Sixteenth.
$S— t'PPER flat of 4 rooms; sunny side. 472
Linden aye., near Laguna st.
$10— FLAT 4 rooms, hall, double parlors. 18
Lexington aye., near Eighteenth st.
i $12 50— UPPER flat; 4 sunny rooms. 730 Army
st., near Guerrero. -'V;V-' "'
$16—5 rooms. 16 Cumberland St.. off Guer-
rero, ■ between Nineteenth and Twentieth.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Crfll. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
paid. __i_
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS, 632 — 4 sunny unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; call 1 to 4. -.'.-jy.-i-..
ELLIS. 557—3 .unfurnished or partly furnished
sunny connecting rooms with bath.
FIFTH 353—3 furnished housekeeping, $13; also
3 furnished, with bath, $20: single, $4.
FOLSOM, .513— Housekeeping rooms; one or
two; pleasant rooms; bath. ' -
FULTON, 116 — Large sunny housekeeping
room ; $6. . ''■■■' -"■G-
LEN PARK AYE.. 6, off Twelfth, near Mls-
sion— 3 unfurnished sunny rooms: closets.
GEARY 610 — Newly furnished bay-window
room; single rooms; also housekeeping rooms.
HARRISON. 731—3 rooms, -first floor, furnished
complete for housekeeping, $13.
HOWARD E25— 3 rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping; with sunny yard; reasonable.
HYDE, 1000V4. corner Pine — 4 or 6 sunny unfur-
nished rooms, $15 and $18. '
LAKE 203, Sacramento-st. car— 3 well fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; hot, cold w. ; $12.
LARKINV 625%— 2 or S sunny rooms for house-
keeping; rent $12. - •- ■ "'•■ ,
LEAVEN WORTH, 517. between Farrell and
Geary-Two unfurnished . rooms for . house-
keeping rentreaßonable _______J_^__
tVaVEN WORTH. 606. near Geary— Sunny
Furnished suite for light housekeeping; also
single rooms. ... ■ . ■ - ■ .- .■-.■.-.
LEAVEN WORTH, 1619- Flat of 6 rooms; gas;
bath; sun: rent $16.
LEWIS 18. off Taylor, near Post— Large . sun-
! Ny room and kitchen unfurnished; reasonable.
MCALLISTER. «2 — 2 or .8 nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping. , _.
MINNA 245—2 sunny .unfurnished* rooms for
housekeeping; flne yard: also front furnished
room, cheap. . ■ ; ■ ■ ;
MINNA, 646— Furnished room» for housekeep-
ing.
MINNA 648— Twq sunny unfurnished rooms
with a stove, or partly furnished.
! MINION 619-Large sunny furnished rooms;
hou S elee P |ng i J7_toJB_perjnoMh ;
mtrktON 561 near Second— front room
and kitchen complete housekeeping; suita- ,
' ble 2 or 3 adults. ■
I MISSION, Front sunny housekeeping rooms
$8; also' single rooms.
! MTSHION 1219— Sunny, furnished rooms, com-
! pfete for housekeeping; no children.. .. .• -
I \;^xtt-v inaned on diamonds, watche», seal-
■ M SSS and B Jewell at UNCLE HARRIS". 15
• Grant aye. : __
NATOMA. 508—2 or 3 furnished rooms; no other
• roomers. - '■' • ' ' •■■•■•.■■■. /
nfTAVIA 155— Unfurnished extra desirable
°S T ±v£oma: no children.
OCTAVIA 263. near Oak— 3 connecting house-
O keeplng rooms; cheap; bath.. ■. ... ...
| tc E22— Sunny ; suite, housekeeping, unfur-
! n|^Ko/i- also sunny - furnished single; cheap.
RHIPLET 259, near Sixth and Howard— 4
B] g l< ; no chlldren;no animals y,; .-,-.■
PARK. 184-Two :: large sunny • rooms
S( fuVnlshed for. housekeeping.
RtTTirEn 1148— Nice sunny suite or 3 rooms for
B ulht- housekeeping; bath; moderate. .
" TWENTY-THIRD. 3186, near Howard-Part of
Steely furnished flat, with piano; cheap. , '
TURK," 643— Sunny bedroom and j kitchen com-
,, plete . for housekeeping; gas and bath; $14.
TURK "405— Sunny furnished light housekeep-
ing rooms; also others: $6 and :■
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued.
VALENCIA, 1154, near Twenty-second— Fur.
con. rooms; sunny, with sink and closets.
VAN N'KSS aye., :.;< -Two sunny rooms eotTH
plete for housekeeping, with bath. $12.
OAKLAND~HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
WINDSOR Hotel— Rooms without board; ac-
commodations for cooking. Oth & Washington,
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLIN^GTON^House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
nunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike: reasonable;
Com Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St. ; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c| tel. Main 49.
A— SELECT home; Hotel Florence, 102 Ellis,
cor. Powell; elevator; baths; best attention.
j^ STOCKTON, 242 — First-class sunny front
rooms; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
AT 41G O'Farrell— Sunny rooms; suites: single;
by day, week or mo. ; baths, running water.
AT 147 Powell, 211 O'Farrell — Rooms by the
' day, week .ir month ; very reasonable.
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 715-717-719. S29Vi and Mason
407— Choice ; sunny ; reasonable ; investigate.
BUSH, 1124— Elegant home; large rooms; run-
ning water: bath; single room, $8; grounds.
CLARA, ftf'/j. near Fourth— Large sunny fur-
nished front room; $5 month.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason- Sunny suites
and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnlsheu single and double rms.; $S, $10 mo.
EDDY 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms 50 cents to
$1 per night; $2 to $6 a week; families.
EDDY, 320—2 unfurnished basement rooms. $5;
also furnished front room. $8^
ELLIS, 597— Sunny parlor suite; room;
also 2 rooms for light housekeeping^
FIFTH; 309 — Large sunny corner room; run-
ning water: other rooms; also housekeeping.
GE\RY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MP.S. H. HYER.
GEARY, 406 — 1, 2 or 3 nice unfurnished or with
carpets down; rooms or offices; reasonable.
GEARY, "56— Neatly furnished sunny suites,
privilege of light housekeeping; others; bath.
GEARY, 736— Two cozy single rooms nicely
furnished: bath; $4 and $5.
GIRARD House, 192 Seventh, near Howard-
Sunny rooms; reasonable: also housekeeping.
GLOBE House, S2! Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GRANT AYE.. 17— Nice front suite; single
rooms, housekeeping rooms; transient solic-
Ited.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HILLBDALE, 33 Sixth St.— Sunny suite for
housekeeping; suite for 8 gents; reasonable.
JULIAN aye., 78 — Furnished sunny room, suit-
able for 1 or 2; board If desired j- reasonable;.
LEAVEN WORTH, 411— Sunny parlor suite, suit-
able for 2 gents or couple; also unfurnished.
MINNA, 327. close to Fourth— Very neatly fur-
nished sunny rooms; rent reasonable.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1037— Large sunny nicely furnished
rooms; also 2 single rooms; rent reasonable.
MISSION', lUHfc— Nicely furnished room for
two, JO per month.
JIOXF.Y loaned un diamonds, watches Jewelry
and sealskins at UNCLE HARRIS 1 . 15 Grant.
OCTAVIA. 155— Unfurnished or furnished sunny,
handsome parlors; no children.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. .eek or month.
PERRY. 171— Large furnished room, sunny,
suitable for man and wife, with bath.
PINE, Mi" 1 — Nice sunny rooms to let, en suite
or single.
POST 909— Pleasant sunny rooms; single and
double; newly furnished; quiet neighborhood.
P< iST, 1602— Unfurnished front room; also fur-
nished room; running water.
POWELL, 317, formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
gantly furnished rooms; reasonable.
SCOTT, II3— 2 large sunny connecting rooms;
partly furnished: gas; alcove; bath.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Kiphth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 21^-s- Quiet and respectable and family
rooms; reasonable.
SUTTER. 425— Large ejinny front room, nicely
furnished: gent or couple; refs. exchanged.
TAYLOR. 407— Large sunny furnished room for
gent; also furnished flat for housekeeping.
T \YLOR. 1519, near Broadway— Elegant suite
of rooms suitable for two gentlemen; piano
and all comforts; $15: also single rooms, $10
ar.d $5.
THIRD, 404 (The Sterling)— Nice sunny front
single rooms; extra large housekeeping; reas.
VAN NESS aye., So9— Exceptionally large, new-
ly furnished bay-window room; sun all day;
opportunity for gentleman desiring home in
private family: tele.; modern conveniences.
VAN NESS, 936— Pretty room: hot and cold;
gas: bath; $10; larger one. $16.
WK.VIiT Hotel. 22 Sacramento— Best rooming
house on water front: single 25c up; week $1
up; fine rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
ROOMS AND BOARD
BOARD and rooms for 2 or 3 gentlemen. 625%
Larkin st.
ELLIS, 518— Nice sunny rroms with first-class
table board: use of parlor, piano: $20 up.
ELLIS. S26— Nice sunny suite, suitable for 3 or
4 gents, with or without board.
FOLSOM, 611— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week: nice location.
FOLSOM, 1530— Nicely furnished room, with
board; private family; convenient.
GEARY, 501— Room and board; $20 per month.
GEARY, 642— Newly renovated handsomely
furnished rooms with good French board.
HYDE, 408 — Sunny alcove, hot, cold water, with
board; also single room; private; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742 — Very best board: pleasant
parlor, with piano; everything entirely new.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy— Select family board-
ing house; first-class all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking; terms mod.
THE ORIEL — New elegantly furnished sunny
Market st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VALENCIA, 1070 (The Irving)— Family boardg. ;
warm belt: large grounds; sunny rooms; reas.
VAN NESS aye.. 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms: first-class table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHILDREN or Infants boarded: mother's care;
references; moderate. 2344 Sixth at.
RESPECTABLE German lady wishes to board
2 children; mother's care: reas'ahle. 524 Turk.
STORES TO LET.
FOR rent— Large, roomy building, suitable for
wood and coal, hay and grain, general pro-
duce business; good location; low rent. In-
quire room 614, Call building.
STORE to let— 44B Third st.
$9 — STORE and living room at 337 Noe st. ; pros-
perous neighborhood.
LOST.
LOST— A bunch of keys In the Mission; name
H. Lange. Please return to 1107 Howard St.;
liberal reward.
LOST— Mastiff dog bitch, near Presidio; 8
months' old. Pleas* return to 1407 Eddy st. ;
reward.
LOST— A black hound slut; bring It back to
525 Tehama st. J. FOLEY.
LOST— On narrow gauge Santa Cruz train
August 9, a small silver watch, black ribbon
fob with a coin attached. Address to or
leave at Hotel Bella Vista. 1001 Pine St., S.
F., and receive liberal reward.
Lf'ST— A pn«» book with the Hlhernia Savings.
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ALBERT J. BUCHANAN, No.
18'J-1458. The finder will please return to
bank.
LOST-^Gold heart locket; "Kittle" one side.
"Mlzpah" reverse; containing hair and pic-
ture; reward. 310 Guerrero st. ; call before 2:30.
GOLD ring, ruby; valued as souvenir of on*
dead: reward. 2218 Webster st.
FOUND.
FOUND— A purse on Market st. ; owner fan
have same by proving property and paying
for this notice. 43 Hermann St., between Va-
lencia and Mission.
BICYCLES.
I WILL sell 16 new 1897 high-grade bicycles
(sold in 1897 for $100) at $29; biggest bargain
of the year; first come, first served. JOSEPH
HOLLE, Twentieth and Folsom sts.
BICYCLES sold, repaired and built to order.
J. HOLLE, Twentieth and Folsom sta.
PERSONALS.
ANY information of one ISADORE BAER
FINKELSTEIN will be kindly received and
amply rewarded. ISADORE BAER FINK-
ELSTEIN, of whom we are seeking to learn,
was born in Polish Russia.. Bnwalck Province,
in a little town called AMinka. He left for the
United States about 1&60 and Is supposed to
have settled in San Francisco and was ill
business. Any information will be thankfully
received by MAX FINKELSTEIN, 215 Gay
St., Knoxville, Term.
YOU will never go elsewhere if I dress your
hair once for 25c; hair restored to natural
color, $1 50 up; good switches. $1; finest, $3 50;
extra. $5; open Sunday, 9 to 12. G. LED-
ERER, 111 Stockton st.
WILL any old miners of the early "50"s who
knew Morris Ingram or John Hanks, from
years '52 to "56, write to Mrs. Florence
Hoyer, Padacah, Ky., or answer through
paper?
JOSEPH GREVEN, vocal teacher, 1236 Market
st., furnishes at phort notice soloists for
opera, oratorio concert and church; arranges
and leads opera performances in English,
Italian, German and French.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House. 44 ThlnS St., near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 E0 per night; $110 to $<"> per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
JOHN DENINOER. perfection house and
window cleaner. 1020 Howard st.
USE Lederer's fjulnonla; causes a henlthy
growth. G. LEUERER, 111 Stockton Bt.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., UE Kearny.
NEW method of treating diseases by elec-
tricity; lepsons given. 1515 A Howard st.
ELECTRIC sealskin Jackets to order, |50.
MARX'S Fur Store, 957 Market et.
HOME !n confinement: diseases ot women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth st., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market et., bet. 7th and Sth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN' FRANCISCO Ladies" French Tailoring
College. 910 Market st. ■
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses, $5
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy St., rm. 14-1">.
EDUCATIONAL.
VOCAL Instruction— ANNlS MONTAGUE
TURNER; correct and natural production of
the voice, Based on natural and artistic prin-
ciples; terms beginning August 15 and after;
lessons by the month or quarter. For terms
apply personally or by letter to 930 Bush st.,
neur Jones.
HEALKS Business College, 24 Post st.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since IS'J2; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, penir.anshlp. English
branches and special course for Civil Service
examinations, etc.: life scholarship, $50; low
rates per week and month.
A LADY teaches piano and mandolin thor-
oughly; 60c an hour; excellent pianist and ac-
companist for entertainments and vocalist!.
1209 Octavia st.
UNIVERSITY Coast— Newell Perry, Ph.D.. Fel-
low In MathematiCF. U. C, 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. Charming way, Berkeley ; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
est.-1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. M 3 Market.
EVENING classes, civil service, bookkeeping,
shorthand, English, violin. Ayres' Business
College.
ENGLISH literature, mythology, Shakespeare
classes: prl. tuition. Mrs. Khrman, 1234 Bush.
ROBERT TOLMIE, pianist, has resumed
teaching at 1003 Suiter ft
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught ; short time. Tarr, .".72 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught In 1 month: references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Nes3 aye.
PIANO and German lessons, 70c; pupil of Con-
servatory In Leipsic. 110 Hyde st.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. sH (ifiiry si
■BDICAI*.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Hn. M. I m vies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; sftfe and (juiek cure «uar-
anteed; any diseases or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated'; Ho
delay; self-cure sent; call or write: free: con-
fidential. MRS. M. ItAVIES, 1223 Market
>t.; l ills, $1; very rtTOOg, ?2.
BKLF-CPRE can be sent for female trouble;
no matter from what cause and of how long
standing; every woman her own physician;
restores always In one day; safe and sure;
no medicine or instruments used: consulta-
tion free; saves disgrace; pills and capsules,
$1; cure. $5. By tie well-known specialist,
practical physician' for 37 years. Dr. ]'• H'-
PER, 31S Kearny. Rates can be telegraphed.
ALL of Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively fafe and cure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken In time It also acts as fl pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt ot price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye., S. F. A caution — Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
DR WISE, late of Bellevue Hospital, N. V. :
offices. Hackmeter Hotel, 123 Eddy st. : hours
9 to 11. 2 to 5 and 6 to S: consult him for
treatment on all diseases peculiar to women;
patients assured first-class medical attend-
ance, besides enjoying privacy of home with
experienced attendants; strictest confidence
maintained In all cases; consultation free.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (f-om whatever cause)
In a few hours: safe and sure nt all times
when others have failed: no Instruments used;
travelers helped at once; home in confine-
ment; every case guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential: self-cure, $5; pills, $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 208 Turk St., near Jones.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate: infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure: $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OPGOOD BROS., Coast Agent?, Oakland, Cal.
LADIES, my monthly regulator cannot fall;
l>..x free. MRS. B. ROWAN, Milwaukee, Wis.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; home in confine-
ment: confinement alone. $5. 156 Second st.
DR. HALL, 122S Market St., diseases of women
and children. _^
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; infallible, safe reme-
dles; 38 years' experience. 254% Fourth St.
HORSES.
LARGE assortment of work draught and driv-
ing horses, cheap. 145 Valencia st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
. carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse .Mar-
ket 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds: 40 horses: must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia st. " •
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, bakers' and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
1 buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison Bt.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. j Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
"~~ ' CARPET CLEANING. '
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250. ■
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S • Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama et.; tel. .S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-cleaning Co., 453
Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relaid at 3c.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St. : tel. Jessie 944.
J7e. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st. ; cleaning 3c yard; tel. Mission 74. v
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
Z ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
3. n0 fee without success; collections. G. W.
■ HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ALL. private law cases, bankruptcy, collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty MoCabe. 103 Larkln.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
'W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. ■ ' v '
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels.bldg., 927 Mar-
■ ket: consutatlon free: no fees in advance. r
• v TO LEASE.
THE old buildlne of j the Y. M. C. , A., \ 232
• 6utter st.; ions lease; very low terms; can
be rented as- a whole or in divisions; largo
: and 'splendid location; no reasonable rent re-
fused. Apply to MADISON & BURKE. .: .
TO LEASE— Furnished hotel- near city; good
| •■ ■ opportunity. R. T. WARD & CO., 608 Clay.
CITY REAL, ESTATE.
$6EO— LOTS 25x114 or 30x1J4; sunny side 25th St.,
between Castro and Noe; will build to suit
purchus r.
$2500 — Part cash; a large 6-room 2-story house;
4036 2."> th St., near Noe.; one block from Castro-
st. carle it 24th-st. electric line. F. NELSON.
709 Castro st.
A— 512,500; grand corner at a great bargain;
8 well-built flats; basement; brick founda-
tion; always rented for ever $110 monthly; in
walking distance of new City Hall, only
block from Market; terms, half cash. Apply
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$30.000— Brick business block in interior city;
rents $3300 per annum; cash only. Address
R. B. SWAYNE, Bakersfleld, Cal.
WANTED— Income properties for cash; must
be cheap. At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602
Market st.
2 FINE corners, partly Improved, near the Mis-
sion High School. W. H. PATTERSON &
CO.. 1709 Market Bt.
BARGAIN— Sunny .corner cottage; 7 rooms and
bath. Apply 436 Buchanan st.
$750— CITY poultry farm; new house, 4 rooms:
2 lots: $10. mo. DOLAN. 1223 Cortland avc
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
ttDO— UK ACRES In town in Lake County: 10
acres bearing orchard; house and barn: good
supply water; must be sold. C. F. MOORE.
;<■;:. Market st., room 4.
£90 ACRES, Sonoma County; fruit, poultry,
stock; pays well; no reasonable offer refused.
Call and see owner any evening after 7
o'clock. C. W. HAT'FE. 320 Fulton st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE*-908 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
I AM authorized to sell the following proper-
ties, taken under foreclosure of mortgage:
First— A modern new story-and-a-half house
on prinriiia! residence street; No. 1 neighbor-
hood, for $1600; cost $2500 one year ago; easy
terms.
,-,,nd — Modern flats 5 rooms and bath each;
Market st. station; the best residence street in
Oakland: price $2500: originally cost $0000; pay-
Ing 15 per cent on the investment.
Third— Cottage 5 rooms and bath in a busi-
ness center of Oakland; cost $2700; price $1450;
convenient to cars, schools, etc.
I am instructed to sell these properties to the
best bidder this week. First come, first served.
Full description upon application. J. S. MEY-
ERS. 1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
FORECLOSURE bargains offered by Oakland
Building and Loan Association. 1151 Twenty-
third aye.. East Oakland, Cal.
Lots from $150 up.
Houses, 6 to 8 rooms, from $1000 to $4000.
Call and see our list. „.,...-
SNAP: lot 72x13;.. right in Berkeley, $450; cash.
L. M. SALSBURY. 902 Broadway. . .-. .
J. CALLAGHAN. real estate dealer, ■ notary!
public: prr>n«rtv looked nfter. Rl4' Brfmdw»».'
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE;
FURNITURE— Good: and cheap. 'H. SCHELL-
HAA3' old store-, 403 Eleventh Bt. See him.
HEUKELEY^REAL: ESTATE. 1,
BIG - BARGAIN. $1300— Fine house .8 rooms, ;
bath, city water: lot C0x135:-one block from
Eerryman station: choice location: forced sale
to close . estate. • WARREN CHENEY, oppo-
slte station. Berkeley. ' "
PROPERTY TO ; EXCHANGE.
BRING along what you have to exchange for
the following properties, all good and free
from Incumbrance; will assume mortgage or
pay part cash in 'exchange: • ■ < ■::'•
410 acres in Fresno County '..'/.
100 acres in Kern County, 10 miles from Ba-
kersfleld
140 acres in San Diego County
SO acres. In Oregon
160 acres in Kansas
40 acres 12 miles from Los Angeles
32 lots In Olympic City, Or
Call or address 455 Seventh St.. Oakland.
H. Z. JONES. Owner.
FOR Exchange — 1.6 acres fruit or grain land,
Improved, near Vacaville, for city property.
Box 5, Vacaville, Cal.
STORAGE.
■lERCE-RT r OM'H Storage and Moving Co.,
office Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FURNTTrru:. trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age Warehouse, MO Mission st. ; tel. Mint IX2I.
PROPOSALS.
"RGPOBAIS for furnishing seals for use in
cording and sealing packages of merchandise
In bond, and locks for bonded warehouses.
Treasury Department, August 12, IS9S.— Sealed
proposals are invited until 2 o'clock p. m.,
Tuesday, September J7, 189S, for furnishing
seals for use In cording and sealing packages
of dutiable merchandise, and for locks for i
securing bonded warehouses. Proposals j
should be accompanied by samples of the ar-
ticles referred to and should state the prices
at which the same will be delivered at any
express or freight office at the place of man-
ufacture, boxed and ready for shipment. At
least two sample locks and two dozen of the
devices offered for securing packages should
be submitted with each proposal. Due ex-
amination will be made of and full consider- i
atlon given to the merits of all devices which '
may be submitted. Proposals should be
marked: "Proposals for devices for cording
and sealing packages." or "Proposals for
locks for bonded warehouses," as the case I
may be. No special form of proposal is
prescribed or furnished by the department.
The right is reserved to reject any or all
bids and to waive informalities. L. J. GAGE.
Secretary.
LEGAL NOTICES.
REFKREE'S sale In partition — In the Superior
Court o£ the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, Department No. 1.
THOMAS r. DUNN, Plaintiff, vs. LAW-
RENCE DUNN et als., Defendants. Cause !
Notice is hereby given that under and In
pursuance of the interlocutory decree in par-
tition and order of sale heretofore duly made
and given in the above-entitled court ami
cause, and thereafter, to wit, on the 6th day
of April, IS9H, duly entered of record therein,
by which said interlocutory decree of said
court, the undersigned, G. H. Umbsen, was
appointed by consent in open court of all the
parties to said action, as sole referee in said
cause, for the purpose of making sale of the
real property hereinafter described, and by
which said decr«e it was directed that said
real property be sold at public auction in the
manner required by law, the undersigned, as
such referee, will, on Monday, the 12th day
of September, ISOS, at the hour of twelve (12)
o'clock m. , at the real estate office and sales-
rooms of G. H. Umbsen & Co.. at No. 14
Montgomery street, in the City and County of
San Francisco, State of California, cell at
public auction in separate parcels to the
highest bidder for cash In United States gold
coin, and subject to confirmation by said Su-
perior Court, those certain lots, pieces or par-
cels of real property situate, lying and being
in said City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, and bounded and de-
scribed as follows, to wit:
First— Commencing at a point on the north-
erly line of Minna street, three hundred and
ninety-six feet northeasterly from the north-
easterly corner of Third and Minna streets,
thence northeasterly on the line of and front-
ing on Minna street twenty-flvr (25) feet,
thence at right angles northwesterly eighty
(SO) feet, thence at right angles southwesterly
twenty-five (25) feet, thence at right angles
southeasterly eighty (SO) feet to Minna street
and the point of beginning, being a portion of
lot number ten of the One Hundred Vara Sur-
vey, as laid down on the official map of the
City and County of San Francisco, and being
a subdivision of said one hundred vara lot.
Second— Commencing at a point formed by
the intersection of the southerly line of Page
street with the westerly line of Octavla street,
running thence southerly along said lfne of
Octavla street forty > 40) feet, thence at right
angles westerly eighty-seven and slx-twelftha
(£7 6-12) feet, thence at right angles northerly
forty (40) feet, thence at right angles easterly
eighty-seven and blx twelfths (87 6-12) feet to
the point of commencement, being a part of
Western Addition block number two hundred
Third— Commencing at a point on the north-
westerly line of Minna street, distant thereon
two hundred and seventeen 7217) feet south-
westerly from the northwesterly corner of
Second and Minna streets (said point of com-
mencement being the northeasterly corner of
New Montgomery and Minna streets), running
thence northerly at right angles with Minna
street and along the easterly line of New
Montgomery street eighty (80) feet, thence
at right angles easterly and parallel with
Minna street fifty-nine and six-twelfths
Oi ti-12) feet, thence at right angles southerly
and parallel with New Montgomery street
eighty <80) feet to the northwesterly line of
Minna street, and thence at right angles
westerly along the northwesterly line of
Minna street fifty-nine and six-twelfths
(59 6-12) feet to the point of commencement,
being a subdivision of the one hundred vara
lot number eight (8).
Fourth— Commencing at the northwest cor-
ner of Sanchez and Duncan streets, running
thence westerly along the northerly line of
Puncan street eighty (SO) feet, thence north-
erly and parallel with Sanchez street one hun-
dred and fourteen feet (114) feet, thence east-
erly parallel with Duncan street eighty f80)
feet to Sanchez street, thence southerly along
the westerly lino of Sanchez street one hun-
dred and fourteen (114) feet to Duncan
street, the point of commencement, together
with the improvements thereon.
Terms and conditions of sale: fen (10) per
cent of the purchase price to be paid to the
referee on each parcel sold at the time of
sale. Balance of purchase price upon con-
firmation of sale by said Superior Court and
delivery of deed.
Dated thie 19th day of August, 1898.
G. H. TJMB3EN,
Bole Referee Appointed hy Said Superior
DINKF.'LST > 'ErL & QESFORD.
Attorneys for rinlntlff. No- SOS Claus Spreck-
els Building, San Francisco.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. P.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st;, abov»
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St.; tel. Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential: no commis-
sion; lowest interest. Room 68, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates: n» commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell ;t.
ANY amount at-6Vfc per cent ->n real estate; M
»nd 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
ON pianos, furniture, without removal: no
commission: private. LI<""K. 116 McAllister Ft:
FIRST and second mortgages, estates: city and
country. J. W. WRIGHT, 810 Market st.
MONEY loaned on furniture and pianos without
removal. 205 Examiner building. *
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. f36 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery ft.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to invest. PYL-
YAIN SALOMON, broker, 32S Montgomery st.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be
handed in. at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
DIED.
Burns, James Havard, Maggie T.
Blua, Antonio G. Johnston. Catherine
Butler, Nellie E. Kurlbaßm. Jesse J.
Corbett. Patrick J. Mclntyre. James
Corbett. Catherine Morse. John F.
Cunningham. Eva Murphy, Jeremiah
Chapman, Doranda S. Salomon, Minr.ie
Cooley. Minnie L. SturKis. M. B.
Dodge. Officer W. J. White. Mary
Hopkins, Thomas J. Wade, Emily S.
BURNS— In this city, August 20, 1898, James,
beloved husband of Lyda Fiurns, beloved son
of Mary Burns and the late Edmond Burns,
dearly beloved father of John and Robert
Burns, and brother of Edward, John and
Annie Burns and Mrs. Joseph McAuliffe, a
native of San Francisco, aged 23 years and
20 days.
BLUA— In this city, August 20, H!>S, Antonio
Giovanni Blua, a native of Italy, aged 30
years .6 months and 6 days.
ITTFriends'and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
'Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dep- ■«-. ir.l9 l>uj>-mt street. Interment Mount
1 alvary Cemetery.
BUTLBB— Ip the City and County Hospital,
August 20, IS9S, Nellie Elizabeth Butler, a
native of Tennessee, aged 65 years. .
CORBETT— A solemn requiem high mass will
be celebrated 1 for the repose of the souls of
the late Patrick J. and Catherine Gorbett
to-morrow (Tuesday), at Sacked Heart
Church, commencing at 10 o'clock. Friends
and acquaintances are respectfully Invited to
attend.
CUNNLWiHAM— In this city. August 21, IS9S,
Eva, dearly beloved wife of 'VVilHam P. Cun-
ningham, daughter of Cornelius C. and Cor-
nelia R. Wing, arid sister at Mrs. Cora Nau-
bert and Blanche and Frank E. Wing, a na-
tive of Salem, lowa, aged 30 years 11 months
and 26 days.
ICT'Remainsat the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co., 12OT Misplon street, near Eighth. Re-
mains to be shipped to Tarnma. Wash., for
terment on Tuesday evening's train.
CHAPMAN— In this city. August 19. 1898, Do-
randa Sparling, dearly beloved wife of John
B. chapman, dearly beloved mother of John
J.. George K. and the late William J. Chap-
m<tn. and grandmother of George, Grari.- and
Edouard Iliizd. a native of Claim. County
Kildnre, Ireland, aped 65 years 5 months and
2 days.
G:~/"The funeral will take place this day
i Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 165 Clara street. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery, private.
COOLEY— In Ravenswood, San Mateo County,
Cal. AugU3t 20, I*9B, Minnie LoufSg, l«c-
loved wife of Captain W. L. Cooley, and
only daughter of Mr. and Mrs. E. P. Rowe.
C^' The funerai services will be hfld
at the Presbyterian Church, Menlo Park,
this day (Monday), at 10:3 i) o'clock. In-
terment in Union Cemetery, Redwood City.
DODGE— In this city, August B>, I*9B, Officer
Win-am J. Dodge, beloved husband o.' Annie,
and father of Willie, i> dge, ami son of Mrs.
R. M. Dodge, a native of San Fraru-isc I
40 years 3 months and 3 days.
nr?Friendt< and acquaintances are respect-
fully tuvited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), »t 2 o'clock, from his late rwt*-
dence, 4137 Twenty-fourth street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery-
HOPKINS— In this city, August to. 1898.
Thomas J., beloved son of Ellen tnd Peter
Hopkins, and brother of John. Kat;, James,
Agnes, Monica. Richard. Ella. Peter. Ger-
trude and Alice Hopkins, a native of San
Francisco, aged 23 years 1 month and 15
day.-.
[u7"Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at 10
o'clock, from St. Dominic's Church, corner
of Bush and Steiner streets, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. ' -. '•
IIAVARD— In Oakland, August 21, 1898, Maggie
T., beloved wife of Richard I). Havard, a
native of Vallejo, Cal.. ated 26 years 5
months and 27 days. ■
JOHNSTON— In this city, August 21. 1898,
Catherine Johnston, dearly beloved sister of
Mi? I>. McDowell, Annie and Daniel Johnston
and Patrick Johnston of Newark, N. J.. and
aunt of Mrs. W. Burden, Mrs. B. Brunwin
ami P. J.. J. F. and J. A. Johnston, a native
of County Mayo, Ireland, ag-il U years.
KrHLBACM-In this city, August 21, 1898,
.Tecse Jason, lieloved son of William >H. end
Therese Kurlbsum, and brother of Theresa,
Carrie. AVillfam and Henry Kurlhaum and
Mrs. Richard Koch, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 27 years, and 17 days.
ID^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral tO-mpErow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co.. 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Laurel Hirl
Cemetery.
M. IXTYItE— In this city, August 20. IW,
James, beloved son of Mary R. and the .late
P. Mclntyre, a native of San Francisco, agjed
22 years and 2 (Tays.
(Cr Friends and acquaintances are respecT>
fully in\ ited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral pw-
lors of 'McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy street, thence
to St. Mary's Church, corner of California
and Dupont streets, where services will \>p
held for the repose of his soul, •commencing
at 2:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
MORSE- In this city. August 21. ISO?. John I-\
Morae, M. D., son of Catherine F. and -the
late Dr. John F. Morse, husband of Alice
Howell Morse, aged 40 years 11 months knd
!> days. Services for the family only at hl3
lato residence.
IC^Tne funeral services will take place at
Masonic Temple, corner of Post and Mont-
gomery streets, to-morrow (Tuesday). Ht 2
o'clock, under the auspices of Excelsior
Lodge, F. and A. M. All organizations de-
siring to attend the funeral are invited to
be present at Masonic Temple.
MURPHY— In this city, August 21, 1898, Jere-
miah, beloved husband of the late Catherine
. Murphy, and father of Theresa. Clara. Ed-
ward and the late Katie Murphy, a native
of Marlow, County Cork, Ireland, aged ' 66
.. years. ■ ■ • . ■ : -■-.•..■■■■••'-
! SALOMON— In this city, August 20. 1898, Min-
nie, beloved daughter of Governor Edward S.
Salomon, and sister of Ben I. and Dr. Max
•Salomon, Mrs. M. M. Stern and Miss Annie
- Salomon, a native -of Olympia, Wash., aged
:• 25 years 4 months and 29 days. • / .
■ '■ (£7" The funeral will take place this day
■ (Monday), at 9:30 o'clock,, from the residence
of Mr. M. M. • Stern, 121 ... Frederick
' street, -■ between Masonic avenue and Ash-
bury street, "thence by train leavinK Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets station at 11:35
''. o'cl&ck to New Salem Cemetery for Inter-
ment...: A. I .' ' .' . : . '■'. . '■ > •;• •
ETURGIS— In this city, August 20, 189S, M. B.
■ Bturg:is, formery 'of Centervllle, Cal., a na-
tive of Ohio, aged; 7o years 6 months and 2
' days. ' ' • ■•" " •-■•-.■ • '.'■..'-' .-•'•"■
• ' E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the .funeral this day
' (Monday), 'Upon the arrival of the 11 o'clock
train from San Francisco. Interment Irv-
ington, Cal. under the auspices of Alameda
• Lods:e No. . 167. : F. and A. M. . ■.*..■
WHITE— In this city, : August 21. 1898, Mary,
beloved, wife of James. H. -White, mother- of
Mrs. Robert "Jackmen, and - grandmother, of
Mrs. Charles Mathews and Henry and Joseph
* Richardson and " Belle Jackmen, a native' of
' Paisley. Scotland, aged 60 years D months
and 5 days.
(CTFrienda; and acouaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
.the. United Undertakers, . 27 and 29 Fifth
street. • Interment Laurel • Hill Cemetery.
WADE— In East Oakland. August . 20.- IS9S,
Emily Sellna. beloved wife of John: Wade,
and mother of Mrs. W. Rap Son. a native r>f
England, aped 53 years and 9 months. (Sac-
ramento papers please copy.) ' ■ ■■ ■
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect- '
. fatty invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Monday), at ' 2 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. "W. Rapson. 1664 Twentv-flrst avenue,
; East Oakland. Interment Mountain View
■ ' Cemetery. ■ ■:.- - ' ■•■■•■■-•- *;.-■■'
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. : .;■-■
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALHER3I
f • '.'; 20 FIFTH ST., opp. Lincoln School. ■ . ". I
. . "- ; . ■■ ' Telephone, South SO. -^^—^^^
I-, :H.8., Me AVOY, Manager. ■>>•. -.; I
I ■.'■fllcAVOV --<&. CO., I
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS l|
I ■ . 1235 Market. St.. between Sth and 9th. :„-.*• I
I • Telephone, South 247. -• * r . •'■' ■ • I
1112
DR, J. F. MORSE,
THE SURGEON,
IS NO MORE
The Noted Physician
Died Yesterday.
HIS FAME WAS WORLD-WIDE
DEATH DUE TO HEMORRHAGE
OF THE BRAIN.
Overwork Broke His Constitution.
The Career of a Man the State
Can 111 Afford to
Lose.
Dr. John F. Morse, the eminent physl
cian and surgeon, and chairman of the
State Board of. Health, died at 4:30 o'clock
yesterday morning. The cause of death
■was hemorrhage of the brain, superin
duced by overwork and nervous strain.
For two months prior to his last illness
his friends and physicians had advised
him to rest before he broke down. This
he promised to do when nis "patients
c <\-Ad spare him." The occasion came
■with his untimely death.
Deceased was the son of the late Dr.
John P. Morse, a pioneer and founder of
the c.rder of Odd Fellows in Germany and
elsewhere in Kurope. The young man
graduated In the year of his majority
from the Medical College of the Pacific as
valedictorian. He .later studied in the |
Heidelberg University and the University
of Berlin, where he took his degree In
1881, and thereafter visitea the principal
hospitals and clinics of the lar~e Euro- j
pean cities, returning to San Francisco in |
1882. He began practice at once with the :
eminent surgeon, the late Dr. William A. j
Douglass, and assisted Dr. Doiglass as a i
visiting surgeon of the City and County
Hospital for six years. In the year 18S3 he
became surgeon of the German Hospital
of this city and remained such till his j
death.
On account of his skill and popularity :
the demand on his energies was enor- I
mous, but he stood it bravely to the last. !
During the past few years he has per- |
formed from four to five capital opera
tions daily, and In the three weeks prior
to his illness he executed n'me operations ■
for appendicitis. The great surgeon al- :
most fainted at the last two operations, :
and went to his bed of death on the Bth :
in.st. He failed rapidly, the vital machin- j
cry seeming to have been totally worn I
out. and the efforts of his friends and
physicians to relieve him were futile. He j
was attended by Drs. De Vecchi. Baum. i
1- rzgibbons, Kerr and McMonagle.
Dr. Morse's fame as an original, quick,
bold and successful surgeon was world
wide. When but 29 years of age he per
formed the first successful operation for
aneurism of the abdominal aorta. This
brought him congratulations from the
greatest surgeons of the world, especial
ly from Professor Czerny of Heidelberg
and Verneuil, the eminent surgeon of
Paris. This operation was but one of !
many unique and marvelous perform
ances. One of his secrets of success was
that he personally watched every detail i
which might effect success and never left
his patient while anything could be done i
to afford relief. No sacrifice of time or
labor was too great for him, and as a
consequence he had a great host of warm
friends, who will sincerely mourn his
111-timed death. One of his marked char- i
acteristics was diffidence and the great I
Verneuil, on recording in his celebrated j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PIM
PLY
SHN
Pimples, Blotches, Black-
beads, Red, Rough Hands,
(Shapeless Nails, Dry, Thin
and Falling Hair and Simple
Babj-Blemishespreventedby
the most effectiveskin puri-
fying: and beautifying soap
in the world, as well as
purest and sweetest for
toilet, bath and nursery.
After Golf Cycling lT\™£. °I
»ath with CUTICURA SOAP, prevents chafing,
•edness and roughness of the skin, soothes ln-
tammatlon and irritation, and when followed
»y a gentle anointing with CUTICURA, ' purest
if emollient skin c s, proves most beneficial
k\ relieving tired, lamed, strained or inflamed
nuscles.
CUTICURA SOAP is the only preventive of
>imples, blackheads, red, rough and oily skin,
fed. rough hands with shapeless . nails,' • dry,
ihln and falling hair, and simple baby blem-
ishes, because the . only preventive ■of lnflam-
natlon and clogging of the porea. the cause of
host minor affections of the . skin, scalp and
Ulr. ' .
Sold throughout the world. Price, CUTI-
:URA SOAP, 2.->c. CUTICURA (ointment), . 50c.
POTTER DRUO AND CHEM. CORP., Sole
Props., Boston: British Depot, 1 King Edward
it., . London. "How •to Prevent Pimply, Oily
Ikln," fret.
DEATH CLAIMS A GREAT SURGEON.
DR. JOHN F. MORSE, the Eminent Physician Who Died
Yesterday After a Short Illness.
work on aneurisms the first successful
case of treatment of an aneurism of the
abdominal aorta, remarks that Morse (to
whom he had written) far from celebrat
ing his triumph simply stated that this
case, the first of Its kind with a fortu
nate termination, demonstrates the feas
ibility of the method of Professor Lo
retta for the treatment of aneurisms of
the abdominal aorta. Elsewhere in his
work, Verneuil calls the method of ope
rating the Morse operntion.which con
sists of filling the aneurism with fine
wire and thus slowly coagulating the
blood Into a solid mass, filling the cay-
As chairman of the Board of Health the
deceased inaugurated many of the popu
lar reforms introduced by the present
board. He was also chairman of the
Committees on Food Adulterations. K-
eeiving Hospitals and Public Schools and
Buildings. It was owing to his efforts
that the food inspection :ind ambulance
system and the branch receiving hospitals
were established.
Dr. Morse had been president of the
California Academy of Medicine, of the
San Francisco County Medical Society,
a member of the State and American
Medical Associations and has held of
fices of honor and trust in both. As
president of the Board of Health he made
a tour of the Eastern cities last year to
study and report on the methods of the
various boards of health. Ho would
have been appointed Commissioner of the
Golden Gate Park had he lived.
Dr. Morse was prominent in many civic
organizations. Including the Odd Fel
lows, Masons, Knights Templar, Elks,
Native Sons and others.
On January 17, 18S4, Dr. Morse married
Miss Alice Howell of Oakland. Three
children— Douglas, aged J. 3 years; John
Jacob, aged 7, and Alice C. M. Morse,
aged 3— were the fruits of the union.
These, with the widow, his aged mother,
Caroline F. Morse and two sisters. Mrs.
Morris Rehflsch and Mrs. W. \V. Erskine,
survive him.
Deceased was born in Sacramento Sep
tember 12. 1857.
The funeral services will take place at
Masonic Temple, corner Post and Mont
gomery streets, to-morrow, at 2 o'clock p.
m., under the auspices of Excelsior Lodge,
F. and A. M. All organizations proposing
to attend are requested to be present
promptly on that hour.
A GREAT RUN.
Olympic Cyclers Enjoy Their Annual
Outing at Uncle Tom's Cabin.
The Olympic Cyclers reveled in a day's
outing yesterday and the hundred partici
pants were unanimous in pronouncing it
the most enjoyable run In the history of
the club. Starting at 9 o'clock under the
leadership of Captain Shay, the riders left
the club building at a fast clip, which was
sustained until they reached the scene of
Jollity, Uncle Tom's Cabin. Those who
did not accompany the bikers went down
on the train to San Bruno and were driven
over to the Cabin in teams.
Once at the resort the fun began. Bicy
cle races of an impromptu order, baseball
games and general athletics engaged the
attention of all until noon, when an elab
orate lunch was spread on the verandas
of the club house. In the afternoon an
entertainment was furnished by the com
edians of the club. Bob Mitchell did his
portion of the work and Ed Holland was a
close second. An orchestra producing
every variety of musical composition and
a quartet of exceptional vocal ability were
the features of the afternoon's entertain
ment, which ended in time for the cyclers
to return to the city at a seasonable hour.
Another social run will be held by the cy
clers in the near future, with the resting
place somewhere in the far end of Marin
County.
First Baptist Church Peace Service.
Dr. E. A. Woods presided at a peace ser
vice in the First Baptist Church laat
night. Captain Schliemann of the Twen
tieth Kansas Regiment delivered the
first address of the evening. Af
ter giving thanks for the peace
which had come over the land he referred
to the brilliant achievement of Admiral
Dewey. "God has given this great victory
to these glorious United States," he said,
"and it is for us to make the best use of
It. Chivalry, that most beautiful precept
which actuates the heart of man, has
been well exemplified in. the American na
tion, although I note with sorrow its de
cadence in Spain. We have seen a coun
try rise up in behalf of an oppressed peo
ple and say, 'We do not want your terri
tory nor your money, but this inhumanity
must cease.' Spain had never learned the
lesson of humanity until we taught It to
her, and I say there must be peace in
Cuba if we have to whip her again to get
it. This example of the United States will
make forever Impossible the atrocities
which have been comitted by Spain in her
possessions. We have extended our own
empire. Whatever new lands we may ac
quire we must see to it that the Prince of
Peace shall dwell there, for there can be
no true peace until righteousness is es
tablished on this earth. Our mission must
be to do away with oppression on those
islands and to give them self government.
The natives shall not only be free physic
ally but spiritually."
Chaplain Lelnnd of the Tennessee regi
ment and Private J. B. Creighton of the
New York Volunteers also addressed the
congregation in a similar vein.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY Is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use becaue It Is pure.
America's New Mission.
Rev. E. Nelander at the First English
Lutheran . Church, : | Geary, near - Gough
street, preached yesterday morning on
"America's Mission to < the World."
He offered the opinion that God Is at this
time making history faster than- at 'any;
period in* the world's i annals.' ; "The lines
of God's providence," he .declared, ".'re
converging to the 'point, or (.he consum
mation or his » kingdom on: eiirili. • ..-"- Now,
as never In the world's pa:it history, does
the heathen see that God. the ontnipo
tent,. relgneth." " * He elaborated , the ideas
tnat the church of Ch'-i.st is -to- conquer
'he .. wold, and that .recent . events 'point
to the fact - that ■• America is called t<>
establish the distinct. million of God: In
r;da ux'du ; the. world, r
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 22, 1898.
GRIM DEATH
IS HOVERING
OVER HER COT
Madeline Bouton Not
Expected to Live.
PERITONITIS HAS SET IN
MUST UNDERGO ANOTHER SUR
GICAL OPERATION.
Rallied Somewhat Yesterday, Al
though for the Past Week Her
Condition Has Been
Most Precarious.
Dashing Madeline Bouton is not expect
ed to live. Peritonitis has set In and
the actress is pronounced by her physician
to be in a most precarious condition.
The last resort— another operation — is
now but a matter of a day or so, and
must depend entirely upon the strength
of the patient, who unfortunately at pres
ent, is in a very weak state.
Miss Bouton, late leading lady of the
popular Frawley Company, injured her
self while rehearsing her famous dance,
which she introduced in "Lost— 24 Hours."
Instead of immediately seeking the aid of
medical assistance, the actress continued
to pursue her professional duties, until
her health was broken.
Only after fainting dead away upon
the stage did the lady consent to heed
the admonitions of her medical adviser
and go to a sanitarium for complete rest
in the hopes of recuperating.
Dr. Winslow Anderson had charge of
Miss Bouton's case and counseled an oper
ation, which was performed at the Mc-
Nutt hospital on Sutter street about two
weeks ago. After the operation, the pop
ular actress began to mend rapidly until
a week ago, when she suddenly had a
reaction. Since then she has gradually
grown worse and yesterday her physician
decided upon another operation as the
last resort.
When seen yesterday Dr. Anderson had
not lost all hope as to the possible recov
erey of his fair patient. While admit
ting that the lady's condition was ex
tremely critical, a slight change for the
better, during the day, was hailed by the
doctor as a good omen. He affirmed the
report that another operation would have !
to be performed, and declared that even
with every chance in her favor it would
be many weeks before the beautiful ac
tress could be pronounced convalescent.'
No one is allowed to see Miss Bouton,
and no message from the outside world
Is carried to Tier. Her mother is con
stant in her attendance, and she, the
doctor and her pretty, saint-I!ke nurse
are the only persons permitted in the
sick room where one of the most beauti
ful women of the American stage lies
tossing on her bed of pain and possible
death.
LANDING OF THE FRENCH.
Historical Anniversary and the Open
ing of Blarney Castle at the
Irish Fair.
The Irish Fair at Mechanics' Pavilion
will again be open to the public at 1
o'clock this afternoon. The entertainment
to-day embraces a band concert from 2 till
5:30 and from 8 till 10:30 p. m. by Bennett's
band. In the evening the centennial of
the landing of the French in Ireland will
be celebrated. The date of the centennial
was the 21st inst., but the rule that closes
the fair on Sunday delayed the demon
stration until to-night.
There will be also special entertainments
in a number of the booths, and a special
one in the art gallery theater, where Mrs.
Alice P. I-udlam will present, with the aid
of her pupils, "Petticoat Perfidy," and
recitations and plastlque posings. The
paintings In the charge of Mrs. M. A. Mc-
Closky will be arranged for dlsnlay; and
tfiere will be many other attractions. The
map of Ireland constructed of Irish sod
has been completed, under direction of
Miss Nellie Sullivan.
On Wednesday evening the grand march
of the opening night will be repeated and
Blarney Castle will be formally opened
to which Uncle Sam will be royally wel
comed by the Maid of Erin.
The Baldwin Opens To-Night.
Everything Is In readiness for the re
opening of the Baldwin Theater this even
ing for the fall and winter season. The
attraction is to be Henry Miller and his
company, under the management of
Charles Frohman, presenting the roman
tic comedy success, "Heartsease,^ which
had a run of 100 nights at the "Garden
Theater, New York. The supporting com
pany is said to be a very competent one
and it is said that the details of the pro
duction will be equal to the original Ad
vance sales show that there will be a
large and fashionable audience to wel
come the popular star.
Buy wall paper and window shades at
Clark's, 653 Market street. Country or
ders solicited. •
J. P. DOING'S
BLONDE FRIEND
STILL ELUSIVE
She Is a Pretty Widow,
Once From Chicago.
HER NAME IS MRS. SEELEY
MURDERED WOMAN'S HUSBAND
TELLS OF OTHERS.
He Wrote Loving Letters to His
Wife and Mrs. Botkin Whil©
He Was at the Seat
of War.
The escapades of John P. Dunning, ex
manager of the Associated Press in this
city, are being investigated to discover, if
possible the identity of the person who
sent the box of poisoned candy to his wife
infDover, Del., by which means two un
suspecting women were foully murdered
Late last night a Call reporter learned
the name of the mysterious blonde woman
who was one of Dunning's intimate com
panions. She is Mrs. Soeley, a widow,
who formerly lived In Chicago She was
at one time a very warm friend of Mrs,.
W. A. Botkin, another of Dunning s boon
companions. ,
Mrs. Susan M. Moore, who was the land
lady at No. 927 Geary street when Dun
ning and Mrs. Botkin boarded there, gives
some interesting information concerning
Mrs. Seeley. ,
"This Mrs. Seeley came very frequently
to my house to play cards with Mr. Dun
ning and Mrs. Botkin," said she yester
day "She was a pretty woman and looked
quite young, although Mrs. BotKin aner
ward told me she was about 37. 1 acci
dentally met Mrs. Seeley one evening
when going into Mrs. Botkin's room witn
a pitcher or water. Mrs. Botkin's son and
Mr Dunning were there. After Mrs. see
ley had been introduced to me sho talked
a few minutes and told me that she came
from Chicago and was out on the coast to
spend a winter and to have a good time.
Sne was a blonde, with light bfown hair
and blue eyes. She was tastefully dressed
and seemed to have money. I do not know
where she lived, but she came to visit
Mrs. Botkin quite often. I think she wad
originally a friend of Mrs. Botkin.
"Later on the two women had a violent
quarrel over something and never made
up. They did not speak. Then came
something queer. Mrs. Seeley tried to
marry Mrs. Botkin's son, who was only
22. Mrs. Botkin said to me that it was
only for spite. The son went to Stock
ton last year and Mrs. Seeley followed
him. It was announced that they wore
to be married. Mrs. Botkin hurried after
them and the marriage did not take
place. The way that I understood it was
broken off was thiit Mrs. Seeley found
that young Botkin had no money. That
\v;is what she was after, I think. Since
then I do not know what became of her.
"But I tell you she was altogether too
lively! Why one night I had to go up
to the door of the room where they were
having a card party and tell them to
be quiet, as the other roomers were com
plaining. They— Mrs. Beeley, Dunning and
Mrs. Botkin— were laughing at the top of
their voices. Mrs. Seeley was amusing
thorn by climbing up on the shoulders of
Mrs. Seeley'a son, standing up straight
and then leaping off upon the floor! The
floor shook and a boarder down stairs.
Mr. Craft, told me he was afraid the
chandelier would come down on his head."
"Was Dunning mixed up in the quar
rel?" was asked.
"I don't know what it was all about.
It was very bitter, however. T)unning
and his lady friends used to drink largo
quantities of whisky. They would leave
whisky bottles scattered around In their
rooms after a card party. They drank to
OTCmro I was glad when they went away.
They never could have remained in my
house if I had not needed the room rent.
Mrs. Botkin had a room on the Fame floor
with Mr. Dunning and they were much
together. They went out frequently to
gether. In the evening with Mrs. Seeley
they enjoyed themselves usually in Mrs.
Botkin's room. No other women ever
came, so far as I knew. Nor were there
any other men, except occasionally Mrs.
Botkin's son. Once in a while they would
invite Mme. Thompson, a music teacher,
who roomed across the hall, to partici
pate In their card games. She was a per
fect lady and never took part in any of
their boisterous doings. She was only in
there with them once or twice. One day
I went into the room nnd saw a photo
graph of Mr. Dunning's little girl and I
said to him. 'It's too bad that you have
to be separated po much from your fam
ily.' The time that Mrs. Botkin remained
with me was about three months. After
Mr. Dunning left Mrs. Botkin sajd that
she didn't caro to stay longer, and soon
packed up and departed. I did not keep
track of her after that. I was too glad
to have them leave."
Dunning traveled the "primrose way" at
a lively pace after his wife went East
about "two years ago. He played the
races, drank heavily, associated with
women and finally lost his position. Dur
ing this period of dissipation Dunning's
friends and acquaintances frequently saw
him at the races and elsewhere with a
short, middle-aged woman, who is de
scribed as an "English brunette." She
was apparently about 40 years old. and
was not a familiar figure around town.
Mrs. W. A. Botkin, a married woman
living apart from her husband, fits the
above description. She is known to have
been a very close friend of Dunning. They
roomed at the same house and frequently
visited the racetrack together. Mrs. Bot
kin has been living In Healdsburg with
her sister for some time. Last week, when
she learned of the murder of Mrs. Dun
ning, she went to Stockton, where her
husband resides. Whether or not she has
any knowledge of the tragedy Is not yet
known.
Prior to his wife's departure for her
home about two years ago Dunning' s
chief vices were drinking and gambling.
His wife endeavored by every means in
her power to reclaim him. but succeeded
only to a limited extent In checking his
downward career. She Induced him to
spend his evenings at home by inviting
friends to dinner and to play cards. It
is not known that he had any demoraliz
ing alliances at that time; he was simply
a victim of appetite and the gaming craze
was strong within him. ....
Freed from all restraint by the depart
ure of his wife, he soon found ties whic
alienated his affection from his family t
such a degree that he allowed his inamor
ata to read his wife's letters.
The theory of the murder which seem
plausible is that one of the women he ha
associated with, who was infatuated wit
Dunning, learning that he had reforme
and was about to return to his fam 1\
sent the candy to the unsuspecting wife
Intending to murder her, hoping subse
quentlv to wed the object of her affection
The 'only information the police ha\
on the double murder Is that which has
been published in the city newspapers.
"So far I have received no worl .from
the police authorities of Dover regardfn
the Dunning poisoning case,' said Chic
Lees yesterday. "They have not sent m
the wrapper that was around the candj
letters, or anything else."
"Have you not detailed an officer to look
into the "case?"
"We have nothing to work on except
what has appeared In the newspapers. I
did have an officer investigate stories of
Dunning's escapades, the interviews with
friends of Mr. and Mrs. Dunning which
appeared In The Call and other papers,
and found the statements In the main cor
rect. It strikes me. however, that Mrs.
W. A. Botkin. who was so well acquainted
with Dunning, according to her own re
ported admissions, ought to be ablo to tell
a sood deal about this case."
Mrs. Harry C. Good of IWS Ellis street,
who was one of Mrs. Dunning's most In
timate friends In this city, said yesterday:
"Mr. Dunning and his wife had a disa
greement of some sort about two years
ago. The Dunnings were very intimate
with our family and usually spent two
evenings each week at our house. Some
times they took their Sunday dinners
with us. W r hen Mrs. Dunning west East
in the fall two years ago. It was the un
derstanding that she would return about
Christmas. She told me she would be
back. About the holidays Mr. Good asked
M.T. Dunning -when his wife was coming
home, and he laughed and said, 'Oh, next
month, I guess.' But she didn't come,
and month after month went by with the
same statement from Mr. Dunning.
"Whatever the difficulty was between hus
band and wife, it was evidently patched
up lately, for I received a letter from
Mrs. Dunning, dated July 15 of this year,
in which she speaks happily of her hus
band's expected return from Porto Rico,
and that she expected to go to housekeep
ing with him in New York. She stated
that he had been offered a good position
on a New Yorw paper and would accept it.
"Please say for me that I do not believe
a word of the story that Dunning was at
tentive to Mrs. Corbaley. as might have
been inferred from a recent publication
of the Examiner. I have known Mrs.
Corbaley for years and the idea is pre
posterous. Mrs. Corbaley never attended
the races. She never went out with Dun
ning. She has been acquainted with the
Dunnings for a long time, which ac
counts for the fact that when her young
est son, J. C. Corbaley, was seriously in
jured in an explosion in San Francisco
three years ago he asked to have Mr.
Dunning notified. As Mrs. Corbaley was
out of town Dunning had the boy taken
to his own houso, paying to Mr. Good
that it was the best thing under the cir
cumstances. When Mrs. Corbaley ar
rived the next day she, of course, came
to minister to the son. The Litter wai
sick for three months at the Dunning
home. Some evil-minded busy-bodies
ma#r have made remarks, but there was
nothing in Mrs. Dunnlng-'s conversation
to indicate that she was displeased. My
theory of the case is that the person who
sent the poisoned candy to Mrs. Dun
ning knew of the friendship existing be
tween the Dunnings and Mrs. Corbaley
through statements made by Dunning
himself, and that the poisoner took ad
vantage of this knowledge when mark
ing the candy "From Mrs. C." to lead
Mrs. Dunning to suppose that Mrs. Cor
baley sent it. I know nearly all of the
former friends of Mrs. Dunning and
many of those of her husband, but none
of them can suggest any solution of the
mystery."
DUNNING'S STATEMENT.
He Gives the Names of Three "Women
With Whom He Was on Terms
of Intimacy.
DOVER, Del., Aug. 21.— John P. Dun
ning-, husband of the younger of ex-Con
gressman Pennlngton's daughters, who
were murdered by eating poisoned candy,
has at last consented to make a state
ment that will surely throw a great deal
i of light on the hitherto Impenetrable mys
j tery. There are three women In San
| Francisco with whom Dunning admits he
was intimately acquainted. The chief of
these is Mrs. W. A. Botkln of Stockton,
with whom Dunnlng's relations were
closer than either of the others. He ad
mits having written letters to her that
were full of pretty confidences and ex
pressions of love since leaving San Fran
cisco. This was at the very same time
j that he was writing the most affectionate
j letters to his wife here in Dover.
"I know ..Irs. Botkin very intimately,"
! he said to-day, "but I will not say now
: whether she was acquainted with my
wife. She did know, however, that I was
a married man, and it was with this
knowledge on her part that many letters
| passed between us from the time I said
good-by to her in San Francisco and came
Kast to go to the seat of war.
"I do not doubt that she still has many
I of those letters in her possession."
When questioned with reference to the
past that he proposed to live down, Dun
ning said:
"That is a matter that rests entirely
! between myself and the Associated Press
i and it cannot possibly have any connec
tion with the sending of a box of poi-
I soned candy to my wife. I must decline
to discuss it."
Of the history of his relations with Mrs.
Botkin Dunning said:
"Our first meeting was entirely the re
sult of an accident. It was a year and a
half or two years ago. I was riding my
bicycle in Golden Gate Park, San Fran
cisco when the wheel broke down near a
bench where two women were sitting. One
of thorn was Mrs. Bntkin.
"While I was making the necessary re
pairs to the bicycle I got into a conversa
tion with them, and went so far as to sit
down and talk with them after the wheel
had been mended. We simply introduced
ourselves without the slightest formality,
and as there was no objection on Mrs.
Botkin's part the acquaintance that was
begun there was continued."
He was then asked if he had any inti
mate acquaintance with a Mrs. Louise
Seeley or Ceeley in San Francisco.
This he tried to evade, but finally ad
mitted he had. He would not go into any
details of their relations to each other.
Another woman with whom Dunning
admits acquaintance in San Francisco is
Madame Thompson, a teacher of French,
who frequency sat in the card parties in
Mrs. Botkin's rooms. Of her he said to
night:
"It was at one of those card parties that
I met Madame Thompson. I saw her quite
often there and sometimes at the race
track."
"Have you any reason to suspect that
any of these women was connected with
the sending of poisoned candy?" Dunning
was asked.
"That is a question I shall not answer
now." was his reply.
"It Is something for the detectives to
work out, and my suspicions can have no
weight in the matter."
There has been frequent mention of a
blonde woman, thus far nameless, for
whom the San Francisco police are said
to be looking in connection with this case.
When asked about her. Dunning said:
"I have no recollection of any woman of
that description who could have any in
terest In the death of my wife."
Dunning has sent several telegraphic
messages to-night and there is reason to
believe that he is in communication with
friends in San Francisco who are inter
esting themselves in the case. He will not
admit, however, that such is the case, nor
that the mysterious "Mrs. C." is being
looked for by the police of San Fran
cisco. "He says he has had no consulta
tion with the State detectives or any of
the officials. He does not know how long
he may remain here, but says he may
leave within a day or two.
That pteps have been taken to exhume
the bodies of the two victims of the candy
Is certa;n. Mr. Pennlngton Is reconciled
to this measure, in the hope that some
light may be thus thrown on the mystery.
Deane strenuously opposes this plan, bat
the authorities, it is understood, will take
the case in their own hands and submit
the bodies of the two women to a poison
analysis.
SISTER COLUMBO CHOSEN.
Is Appointed Directress of St. Mary's
Hospital as Successor to
Mother Russell.
Sister Columbo has received the ap
pointment, through a unanimous vote of
the members of the various associate
communities of the Sisters of Mercy, as
successor to the late Mother Russell, as
the representative superior of the order
at St. Mary's Hospital.
The election, which was held under the
supervision of Archbishop Riordan. was
conducted by secret bauot. the sisters at
St Mary's Hospital, the Magdalen Asy
lum' St Peters School and St. Anthony's
School at East Oakland participating.
Mother Columbo arrived in this city
twenty years ago from Ireland to enter
the order of which she is now superior.
Soon after her arrival she took the veil,
the vows implied in the acceptance of
which she has strictly adhered to. leading
a life of piety and spreading the influence
of her good work to those who came un
der her care at the hospital and to those
of the outside world who were personally
acquainted with her.
The Fender Saved Her Life.
Freda Hahnn. a tiny maiden, 6 years of
age, narrowly escaped being ground to
death beneath the wheels of an electric
car of the Sutro line yesterday afternoon.
The car left its terminus shortly after 3
o'clock, and was on its way toward the
transfer point at Sutter street, and hod
reached Fourth avenue when the accident
occurred. The child ran onto the car
track at that point, and aparently the
clanging of the car gong bewildered her.
She turned first one way and then the
other in her endeavor to escape, and then
it was too late. H. W. Williams, the mo
tor-man, saw that his car would surely
strike the chli' and ho rapidly reversed
the current and dropped the fender. The
car stopped within a distance of about
fifteen feet, but the little girl had dis
appeared beneath it. The motorman. con
ductor and score of frightened passen
gers sprang on. expecting that it would
be their misfortune to have to drag a
little lifeless form from beneath the
wheels- but all were mistaken. The fen
der had done its work well, and the child
was lyto" across it. badly bruised but far
from "fatally injured. She was picked up
and carried to the offices of Dr. Cleary.
where her iniurles were dressed. She was
then taken to the home of her parents. No
one was to blame for the unfortunate ac
cident.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
mvelFy T
SILKS!
We beg to announce the opening
this week of an elegant assortment of
NEW NOVELTY SILKS.
Ombre Plaid Taffetas. Equal Stripe Taffeta,
latest colorings. Light Ground Warp Print
Taffeta, new designs. Ombre Plaid Taffeta,
black satin stripes. Warp Print Checked
Taffeta. Checked Taffeta, black Satin
stripes. Fancy Bayadere Stripe Taffeta-
Dresden Stripe Taffeta and Changeable
Taffeta, with white satin stripes,
SPECIAL.
15 pieces Black Satin Dochesse, all pare
silk and 24 inches wide,
$|OO
I Yard.
Regular Value $1.25.
till. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
gOLOBERG
BDWEN
X CO.
V We have donated the tea to be
served in the Japanese booth of tho
Irish fair. : :J
Orders for pure teas and coffees
can be left at our exhibit from
which the management are to re-
ceive a liberal percentage of the
profits.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
HamS— 13c Ib I 1 C
Old Dominion— guaranteed —
Puree- de foie gras - 20c
Gooseliver pate— Teyssonneau brand
regularly 25c
Sweet Sauterne rert ' $5- & $4
A most delightful wine for ladies
CoCOa {Van Houten's) : BoC
In is, is and i lb tins-made in Holland
Nothing but pure soluble cocoa of the
highest grade. Regularly $i lb
Vermouth. French ££C
Wholesale price , talian r OC
regularly ooc '
Pineapple (Singapore) can 2OC
Whole, without cores 3 cans r*oc
regularly 25c '
Toilet SOap ■ (French) 3 cakes 60C
Made by Roger & Oallet, Paris
assorted odors. Regularly 75c
Vinegar (French) bottle 2OC
Made from pure white gal
wine— no acids
You will need this kind for pickling ;
regularly 25c bottle and 50c gallon
Stuffed Olives (Olive Eden) 2OC
Alici Falstaff sml 20c lge cans 2CC
Olives, anchovies and pickles in oil
regularly 25c and 35c
Olive Oil (Sierra Madre) pts 4£C
reg'ly 50c and 85c bot qts -,rr
Absolutely reliable for medicinal ' 5
purposes. Almost essential in salads
Malt whiskey wmPenn bot 7^c
. Not doctored to be palatable but nat-
urally mellow and wholesome
regularly $1 00
Paraffine Ib ioc
Keeps preserves and jelly clean
and prevents fermentation
regularly 15c .
Oil Cloth (for shelves) roll ££C
scolloped edges-12 yds long-12 in wide i
regularly 75c
Gas lighters (nickel) 2£c
including box of tapers
regularly 40c
Cigars— & Reposo $7. r^O
Reduced from $9 per hundred
Deliciosos-fancy shape-a refined
smoke for refined tastes. We cut
the price to attract cigar trade;
this one sells without cutting ::
Mall orders entitled to these prices if posted not
later than Wednesday . • ■ - - ■
«3* .Pine 215 Sutler 2800 California San Francisco
1075 Clay between . Eleventh and Twelfth : Oakland
Mil. X. HESS,
NOTART PUBLIC AND ATTOBNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room; 1015, Clans Spreckela Bids. ■
• ■ ■". -■ ■ Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, tfil California st,, be-low Fow»U.
Ban Francisco. ■ • „. ' J
STATEMENT
OTT THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
CONNECTICUTFIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
Of Hartford, In the State of
Connecticut,
ON THE 31ST DAT OF DECEMBER, A. D.
1897, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by toe Com*
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash 11,000,000 00
ASSETS.
Real eetate owned by company $209,325 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 1,090,659 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,965,756 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 2,000 00
Cash In company's ofnce 646 04
Cash In banks 127,660 69
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion ..-• 161.156 70
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 2,125 7i
Total assets *3,659,327 18
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $31,607 21
Losses in process of adjustment or
Jn suspense . 92.760 S3
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 16,221 SI
Gross premiums on flre risks running
one year or less, $1,106,475 81; re-
insurance, 50 per cent 662,737 91
Gross premiums on flre risks running
more than one year, $1,706,793 54; re-
insurance pro rata 881,991 71
Total liabilities H. 675.309 53
INCOME.
Net cash actually received fop flr«
premiums $1,874,232 64
Received for Interest on bonds and
mortgages 80,610 41
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, »to-k». loans and from
all other sources 90,041 41
Total Income $1,814,791 41
KXFENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (in-
cluding $117,543 BS, losses of pre-
vious years) $802,786 Ot
Dividends to stockholders 100.000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 305,790 43
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerke. etc 134,760 76
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 41.99130
All other payments and expenditures 125.539 57
Total expenditures $1,510.86S 15
Fire.
Louses Incurred during the year $801.094 71
Risks and Premiums. jFire Risks. IPremlums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $155,122,989 $1,913,533 42
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 145,440,893 1,855,379 79
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1897 225.665.049 2,811,269 35
J. D. BROWNE, President.
CHARLES R. BL'RT, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, thi« 19th
day of January, 1898.
JOHN H. THACHER, Notary Public.
BENJAMIN J.SMITH,
Manager Pacific Department.
COLIN 7VY. BOYD,
Agent for San Francisco,
411 CALIFORNIA ST.
TO PROPERTY OWNERS!
WANTED—
For a large Institution, suitable office quar-
ters, to contain about 10 rooms, in one or two
Btories, central location, between Market. But-
ter, Stockton and Polk, corner preferred: 10-
year lease guaranteed. Apply to EDMUND
KOLLOFRATH, 933 Market street.