VOLUME LXXXIV.— NO. 141.
PHELAN'S COLONIZATION SCHEME
AND HOW THE "BOSS" WORKED IT
Five Wards in Which No Man Was Found
Good Enough to Associate With the
"Hefting" Mayor.
Bartlett, Byington, Gutte, Deasy and
Murphy Left Their Homes to
Live a Lie for Politics.
\ STERNBERG'S CRIME
! The crime for which
he was convicted was
; the procuring of resi
! dents of the city who
were legal voters
thereof to register in a
Senatorial districtoth
er than that of their
residence, it not being
charged that they vot
ed more than once.
James D. Phelan, Mayor of San Fran
cisco, denounced the State Executive for
commuting the sentence of Louis St ember s,
who was sent to the State prison for coloniz
ing voters, and said that tJte offender should
be punished with imprisonment for life
without power of pardon. James D. Phelan
induced Lewis de F. Bartlett of 607 Post
street to change his residence and register
from jfll Sansome street, Isadore Gutte to
change from 217 Lcavenworth street and
register from the Occidental Hotel, Lewis F.
Byington to change from IJ/,12 Post street
and register from the northeast corner of
First and Harrison streets, Eugene P.
Murphy to change from 130 £ Guerrero street
and register from 536 Third street, Jere
miah Deasy to clian^e from 812 Fulton
street and register- from 2£ Sixth street. He
denounced the crime of Sternberg and laughs
at his own act.
When confronted with the charge of
colonizing residents of San Francisco
for election purposes James D. Phelan
laughed.
When the sentence of Louis Stern- j
berg for colonizing voters was com- j
muted Phelan denounced it and said
the offender should be sent to the
State's prison for life.
For Sternberg to colonize voters is an
unpardonable crime. For Phelan to
colonize voters is a laughing matter.
This is the status of the man who is
asking the votes of the citizens of San
Francisco to elect him to the office of
Mayor on the Democratic ticket and
who is posing as the exponent of purity
In politics.
The Call yesterday morning: told the
story of how Eugene P. Murphy was
Induced to change his residence and
how Murphy refused to live a He for
political advancement. Murphy was
not the only one who was induced by
the "holier-than-thou" candidate to
change his residence and register from
a ward other than that in which he
lived. Lewis de F. Bartlett, who lived
and still holds a room at 607 Post street,
«n the Eighth Ward, was Induced to
change his residence and register from
the Coso House, at 411 Sansome street,
in the Third Ward; Isadore Gutte was
Induced to change his residence from
217 Leavenworth street, in the Eighth
"Ward, where he lived and still holds
a residence, to the Occidental Hotel in
the Fifth Ward; Lewis F. Bylngton
vr&a induced to change his residence
from 1412 Post street, in the Twelfth
Ward, where he lived and where he
Btill has a residence, to the Nob Hill
House, on the northeast corner of First
and Harrison streets in the Seventh
Ward; Jeremiah Deasy was induced to
change his residence from 812 Fulton
Itreet, in the Twelfth Ward, where he
Hved and where he still has a residence,
The San Francisco Call
WHAT PHELAN DID.
The act for which he
is condemned is thepro
curing of residents of
the city who are legal
voters thereof to reg
ister in a Superviso
rial ward other than
that of their residence,
it not being charged
that they will vote
more than once.
to 24 Sixth street in the Tenth Ward.
In commuting the sentence of Louis
Sternberg Governor Budd said:
The crime for which
he was convicted was
the procuring of resi
dents of the city who
were legal voters there
of to register in a Sen
atorial district other
than that of their resi
dence, it not being
charged that they vo
ted more than once.
In commenting on this James D. Phe
lan said:
This Government
SOME OF MEPiiISTO PHELAN'S TRANSPLANTED FLOWERS.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1898.
rests on the purity of
the ballot - box. If a
man's vote cannot be
fairly cast and hon
estly counted the Gov
ernment is a fraud,
and the ballot-box, in
stead of being a refuge
from official corrup
tionists, becomes a
trap. I cannot believe
that any sane and
patriotic citizen would
countenance election
frauds. There can be
no higher crime against
the State. It is trea
son, and from the be
ginning every Gov
ernment has punished
treason with death.
Instead of a sentence
of three years an of
fender should be pun
ished with life impris
onment without power
of pardon. A pardon
restores a criminal to
his civil rights; it puts
him back into the cit
adel he treasonably
sought to destroy.
The men mentioned as having
changed their residences and regis
tered from wards other than those in
which they live are all candidates for
the office of Supervisor of the city and
county of Sv a Francisco, all having
been on Phelaii's slate and all having
been nominated at his behest. It was
for the purpose of mnking them eligible
as candidates that thpy were colonized.
In addition to those named the register
shows that Osgood Putnam had moved
from his old residence at 3009 Sacra
mento street, in the Twelfth Ward to
1020 Washington street, in the Fourth
Ward. Mr. Putnam is absent from the
city and his political manager, Sydney
Van Wyck, talked for him.
Mr. Van Wyck confessed that the
colonization of Democratic Supervisor
ial candidates had been done by a pre
arranged plan. As one of the Commit
tee of One JLundred he was oualifled to
speak. He said: "Yes, a good many
of the Supervisorial candidates were
moved from wards in which they had
been living to wards in which it was in
tended to make their fight. There is
Commodore Gutte, for instance, and
Lew Byinrton and the others that you
have mentioned to me. It was sug
gested to them that they move for the
reason that in some of the wards there
were no men who were desirable from
our standpoint, as candidates. Ido not
care to say who suggested this policy.
It was not of the committee, for it was
suggested to them. I want to say that
Mr. Putnam was not one of those who
was colonized. The place that he
moved to, 1020 Washington street, he
was born in, and lived there up to four
years ago when he was married. Last
May his stepmother died, and his
father, who is an old man of 70, asked
his boy to come and live with him in
his later years, and on August 1, before
Mr. Putnam dreamed of running for
Supervisor, he moved there."
Here is the direct admission of one of
the members of the committee which
made the nominate- that a coloniza
tion scheme was suggested to the com
mittee and carried out. Every infer
ence given in this interview is that this
suggestion was made by Mayor Phe
lan, the man who selected the candi
dates.
It is a plain statement that
Phelan could not find a single
man in either the Third, Fifth,
Seventh, Ninth or Tenth
wards who was fit to associ
ate with this "holier than
thou" candidate for Mayor.
The men who were colonized by Louis
Sternberg were not sentenced to State
prison. That punishment was meted out
to the man who procured this violation
of the law. The men who were induced
by Mayor Phelan to change their resi
dences for political purposes are not
the ones who to-day receive the con
demnation; that is reserved for the
man who suggested the scheme.
These candidates who were colonized
by Mayor Phelan were seen yesterday
and the facts of the changes in their
residences investigated. Lewis de F.
Bartlett could not be seen. Inquiry at
his former place of residence, 607 Post
street, elicited the fact fiat he ttlD
had a room there. The landlady of the
house did not know that he had
changed his residence. At the Coso
House it was learned that Bartlett had
a room there also and occasionally oc
cupied it.
While Isadore Gutte is ostensibly a
resident at the Occidental Hotel he can
be found at his residence, the neat lit
tle cottage at 217 Leavenworth street,
almost any time out of business hours.
Commodore Gutte was bubbling over
with good nature when asked about his
multiplicity of residences. He, like
Phelan, laughed. "Yes, I've still got
the Leavenworth street place, although
I've taken rooms at the Occidental," he
said. "I also stay over at Sausalito oc
casionally, so I suppose you might call
that my home, too. I went to the Oc
cidental before I was nominated for
Supervisor, and I don't think you can
make much political capital out of it,"
and the Jolly commodore chuckled at
something, possibly at the same thing
over which Mayor Phelan laughed.
At the Byington home, 1412 Post
street, it was announced that Lewis
Byington lived there; that he came
there every night; that he could be seen
there any evening at 6 o'clock. At the
Nob Hill House, at First and Harrison
streets, the statement was made that
Lewis Byington had a room there; that
he was not there at the time; that it
was difficult to say when he could be
seen there as he only slept there once
a week. Byington himself stated posi
tively that he lived at the Nob Hill
House and that he slept there every
night. Byington did not laugh. Possi
bly the spectacle of one of the swells
of the latter day Nob Hill occupying
a little back room in a cheap lodging
house in the precincts of the old Nob
Hill away down near the docks and
surrounded by decaying residences of
old-time swells was not as pleasant to
him as to Phelan. "Of course," he said,
"I don't eat there," and the look of dis
gust as he said it told the story more
eloquently than words. As to his change
of residence he had what, to him, was
a full and adequate defense. It was
legal— he is a lawyer and ought to
know. He was indignant that his pri
vate affairs should be made subject of
a newspaper investigation and thought
that it wou.u be better to look into the
character of candidates rather than
into their places of residence, appar
ently forgetting that committing elec
tion frauds belongs to the character of
the man. He attributed the publica
tion of this matter to what he was
pleased to term "the usual mendacity
of reporters."
Jeremiah Deasy, with hia brother,
has a shoe store at 20 Sixth street. His
family resides at 834 Fulton street,
where they have lived for several years.
Mr. Deasy is essentially a home man,
who cares more for the pleasures and
comforts of his fireside than for all the
political emoluments a grateful con
stituency could bestow, yet Mr. Deasy,
at the "suggestion" of Mayor Phelan,
has taken lodgings at 24 Sixth street.
He has not entirely forsaken his family
residence, however, for he takes his
meals with his family and it is but na
tural that he should now and then ac
cept of their invitation to stay all
night, leaving room 11 In the Sixth
street lodging-house vacant for the
nonce. Mr. Deasy frankly admitted
that he had changed his residence for
the sole purpose of becoming eligible as
a candidate from the Tenth Ward, and
said that after the Bth of November,
whether he was elected or not, he would
return to his Fulton street home.
"I took up my residence on Sixth
street," said Mr. Deasy, "at the sug
gestion of my lawyers, and on their as
surance that it was perfectly legal and
proper. I undoubtedly shall return to
my Fulton-street home after the elec
tion. I don't see that there is anything
wrong about that. I formerly lived in
the Tenth Ward, and I know 800 men
in that ward to every one I know In
the Twelfth."
Mayor Phelan's ideas on the subject
of colonization of citizens for political
purposes have undergone a change since
he so emphatically denounced the com
mutation of the sentence of Louis
Sternberg. Then it was a crime — no
less a crime than treason — and should
be punished by imprisonment for life
without the power of pardon. Now it is
a laughing matter, and should be done
in the interests of "purity in politics."
"It has been known all along that
candidates for places on the Board of
Supervisors had moved into their wards
in which they intended to run in order
to qualify themselves for election," said
Mr. Phelan last evening when asked to
explain his ideas on the subject of such
colonization. "When the committee on
nominations for Supervisors made its
report to the convention there was a
statement included which informed the
convention that where suitable men
could not be found In a ward others
had been asked to qualify themselves
by establishing a residence In the ward
from which they were nominated. They
had time to do that and they did so.
"The idea was that at the last Legis
lature a law was gassed abolishing the
wards of San Francisco, but this lav/
is considered by many to be unconsti
tutional because it is special legislation
for San Francisco. To avoid any com
plication therefore it was deemed ad
visable to have the candidates who did
not live in the wards for which they
were nominated establish a residence
there at once.
"I was not consulted on this matter,
but had they consulted me I certainly
would have advised the course taken.
I would have done it myself had I been
in their position."
Here Is a plain statement from the
man who poses as the purifier of poli
tics that he would have advised candi
dates to colonize and to live a lie, and
that he would have colonized himself
had he been in their place. And his es
pecial Subsidized organ, the Bulle
tin, announced that "Mayor Phelan
laughed" when he read in The Call that
he was charged with inducing citizens
to change their residences for political
purposes.
Of course he laughed. It was his own
Joke. And when Phelan laughs it is in
cumbent upon his Subsidized Bulletin to
laugh. Not exactly a "horse laugh,"
but one from another kind of animal of
the equine species. Something in the
nature of a bray. This combination of
Phelan's laugh and the Subsidized Bul
letin's bray rings badly in the ears of
the voters who will be the ones to de
cide the question of who shall look after
the affairs of the city after November
8. The laugh and the bray are not in
harmony with the fierce denunciation of
the deed of Sternberg, and the people
are wondering that desire for office on
the part of one man and greed for more
subsidizing on the part of a paper
should so change the ideas of right and
wrong in the short space of a year.
And you voters of the Third, Fifth,
Seventh, Ninth and Tenth Wards who
have had your affiliations with the
Democratic party, what do you think of
this silk hat boss who says that in all
your wards there is not one man who
is fit to associate with him?
How do you like it that this "hefting"
Mayor goes into the hallowed precincts
of swelldom and gets men to live a lie
in your wards in order that he may
have men around him who belong to ths
aristocracy?
Is it possible that there Is not a Dem
ocrat in the Third, Fifth, Seventh.
Ninth and Tenth wards who is fit to
OLD GLORY NOW
PROUDLY WAVES
OVER SAN JUAN
Crowds Cheer and All Heads Are
Bared as the Stars and
Stripes Are Unfurled.
Porto Rico Being Formally in Uncle Sard's Pos
session the Labors of t\)z Evacuation
Coromission End.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18.— The United States has been
formally placed in sovereign possession of the island of
Porto Rico. The War Department has received the fol
lowing dispatch:
"SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, Oct. 18.— Secretary of War,
Washington: Our flags have been raise*d on the public
buildings and forts in this city and saluted with national
salutes. The occupation of the island is now complete.
"BROOKE."
A copy of General Brooke's dispatch was sent to the
President at Chicago immediately upon its receipt.
SAN JUAN DE PORTO RICO, Oct. i
18.— Promptly at noon to-day the Amer
ican flag was raised over San Juan.
The ceremony was quiet and dignified,
unmarred by disorder of any kind.
The Eleventh Regiment Infantry,
with two batteries of the Fifth Artil
lery, landed this morning. The latter
proceeded to the forts, while the in
fantry lined up on the docks. It was
a hot day for San Juan, and there were
many people in the streets. Rear Ad
miral Schley and General Gordon, ac
companied by their staffs, proceeded to
the palace in carriages. The Eleventh
Infantry Regiment and band, with
Troop H of the Sixth United States
Cavalry, then marched through the
streets and formed in the square oppo
site the palace.
At 11:40 a. m. General Brooke, Ad
miral Schley and General Gordon, the
United States Evacuation Commission
ers, came out of the palace with many
naval officers and formed on the right
side of the square.
The streets behind the soldiers were
. thronged with townspeople, who stood
waiting in dead silence. At last the
city clock struck the hour of 12, and
the crowds, almost breathless and with
eyes fixed upon the flagpole, watched
for developments. At the sound of the
first gun from Fort Mnrro, Major Dean
and Lieutenant Castle of General
Brooke's staff hoisted the stars and
stripes, while the band played the
"Star Spangled Banner."
All heads were bared and the crowds
cheered. Fort Morro, Fort San Cris
tobal and the United States revenue
cutter Manning, lying in the harbor,
fired twenty-one guns each. Senor
Munox Rivera, who was president of
the recent autonomist council of secre
taries, and other officials of the late in
sular government were present at the
proceedings.
Congratulations and handshaking
among the American officers followed.
Ensign King hoisted the stars and
stripes on the Intendencia, but all other
flags on the various public buildings
were hoisted by military officers. Si
multaneously with the raising of the
flag over the Captain General's palace
many others were hoisted in different
parts of the city.
The work of the United States Evac
uation Commission is now over, and all
the reports will be forwarded to "Wash^
ington on Thursday next. The labors
of both parties have terminated with
honors for all concerned. The Ameri
can Commissioners worked without the
least delay, and in the most thorough
and effective manner.
GENERAL HENRY'S
WORDS OF WISDOM
PONCE, Oct. 18.— To-day's celebra
tions in connection with the formal
surrender of the island of Porto Rico
were, as had been expected, most en
thusiastic. After the parade the bands
and various trade organizations went to
General Henry's headquarters to be in
troduced to him. General Henry, in
the course of a brief speech, said:
"Alcalde and Citizens: To-day the
flagof the United States floats as an em
bletai of undisputed authority over the
island of Porto Rico, giving promise of
protection of life, of liberty, prosperity
and right to worship God in accordance
with the dictates of conscience. The
forty-five States represented by the
stars emblazoned on the blue field of
that flag unite in vouchsafing to you
prosperity and protection as citizens of
the American union.
"Your future destiny rests largely
with yourselves. Rer-^ct the riehts of
each other, do not abuse the Govern
ment which accords opportunities to
the individual for advancement. Po
look after city affairs?
You men of the tabooed wards are not
good enough to associate with the man
who wears a silk hat except when he is
out seeking votes, and who then adorns
himself with a workingman's slouch, but
you are good enough to bow to the dic
tation of this "hefting boss" and vote
for the rulers he has placed over you.
If one of you presume to do a little
colonizing like Sternberg the peniten
tiary for the rest of your natural life is
your portion, but "Hefty" Phelan col
onizes your wards with his satellites,
and then you are expected to throw up
your hats and hurrah for the aris
tocrats and laugh at the Mayor's col
onization.
Mayor Phelan himself named
the members o! the present
Board of Supervisors, and he
now denounces them as thieves,
yet he says that none of yon
voters of the Third, Fifth, Sev»
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
litical animosities must be forgotten in
unity and in the recognition of com
mon interests. I congratulate you all
in beginning public life under
these new auspices, free from govern
mental oppression."
The Alcalde replied in part as fol
lows:
•'To-day destiny has written the last
page of Spanish dominion in Porto Rico
and the prologue to the entrance of the
noble American Republic, whose flag is
a sign of a new era. We hope to see
another star symbolic of our prosperity
and our membership of the great repub
lic of States. Porto Rico has not ac
cepted American dominion on account
of force. She came willingly and freely,
hoping, hand in hand with the greatest
<->t all renublics, to advance in civiliza
tion and progress and to become part
of the republic to which we pledge our
faith forever."
The town as profusely decorated with
American flags.
CITIZENSHIP OF
THE PORTO RICANS
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18.— In view of
the fact that at noon to-day, with the
acquisition of the island of Porto Rico
by the United States, about 800,000 in
habitants of that island lost their
Spanish citizenship, the question as to
what shall become »of these people po
litically becomes of importance.
Madrid advices report that leading
citizens in Porto Rico have already ta
ken steps to become naturalized as
United States citizens. This is an er
ror, for existing laws provide no way
in which the change of citizenship can
be effected by the residents of the isl
and. There is no United States Court
there before which a declaration of in
tention can be filed, ' and, in fact, no
machinery at all which can be put in
motion to change citizenship.
Inquiry into this subject at the State
Department discloses the fact that it
has been usual to provide a bodily
transfer of the citizenship of people
conditioned as those in Porto Rico in
the treaty of peace which terminates a
war. It may be prudent for the com
mission at Paris to avoid any reference
to Porto Rico again, in which case
Congress will be called upon by the
President to confer citizenship upon
the Porto Ricans in the same act as
that which must be passed to nrovide a
stable form of government for the isl
and. Should either of these courses
be found impracticable, however, it is
said at the department that interna
tional law in its operation would con
fer American citizenship upon these
Porto Ricans. the general principle be
ing that where a treaty of cession is
silent upon the subject citizenship
changes with the soil. In the case of
the acquisition of New Mexico, the res
idents of the Territory were given
American citizenship by specific provi
sion of the treaty.
TAKING STEPS TO
BECOME NATURALIZED
MADRID, Oct. 18.— Advices received
here from Porto Rico sp'-s that all the
high officials there have taken steps to
become naturalized Americans.
EPISCOPALIANS OFFER
SPECIAL PRAYERS
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18.— This Gov
ernment's assumption of sovereignty
over Porto Rico at noon to-day was the
subject of an eloquent prayer at the
religious services of the Episcopal con
vention, the Bishops and deputies hav
ing decided that suitable reference be
made to this national event.
enth, Ninth and Tenth wards
is fit to associate with them.
Yon are not fit to associate
with men denounced by the
"Hefting Mayor," yet yon are
asked to vote for the men who
have been foisted upon you from
the aristocratic portions of the
city.
THAT COAL CONTROVEBSY.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Oct. 18.—Certifi
cates of the election and inauguration of
Governor Tanner were obtained of the
Secretary of State to-day by a representa
tive of the Chlcago-Virden Coal Company,
and it is supposed they will be used in in
junction proceedings against Uovernor
Tanner for his Interference with the un
loading of negro miners at Vlrien.2
TWO JEN LOST
IN CROSSING
THE GLACIER
Fortune Hunters Die
Miserably.
COULD NOT BE RESCUED
DNE DISAPPEARED, A SECOND
LEFT CALLING FOR AID.
One Hundred and Eighty Gold Hunt
ers Bound for Lake Atlin Are
Also in Danger of Per
ishing.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JUNJEAU, Alaska, Oct. 14 (by steam
ship Dirigo to Victoria, B. C, Oct. 18).—
Considerable gold is being brought out
of the new diggings at Lake Atlin by
*he latest outcomers, arriving here and
at Skaguay to spend the winter and
make arrangements to return early in
the spring. An occasional nugget is
exhibited, but they are scarcer than
are found in the Dawson mines. It is
mostly coarse gold from the new dig
gings, clean and bright. L. McKinnon,
one of the first locators near Discov
ery, and Dr. Lovett and Mr. Wheeler
arrived here this morning. McKinnon
made a neat clean-up on a quantity of
provisions he took in by pack train
<over the Taku trail.
A line of small steamboats will be
put on the Taku Inlet run from Juneau
next spring. Enough men are going
In from the coast towns of Alaska to
make a camp of three or four thou
sand people soon after the ice breaks
lip In the rivers, and there will be con
siderable movement of supplies to At-
Un City over the snow this winter. No
-new strikes have been made, but all
reports continue favorable.
The caravan of 180 men with horses,
who struck across the country for At
lin from Teslin City, the Stickeen River
trail and Glenora has not been heard
from or seen since it started out. They
eet out to follow a large valley run
ning across country, in which there was
said to be grass for the horses. Sev
eral parties have arrived out from Lake
-Teslin by way of the Taku trail. They
learned of the departure of the cara
van, but saw nothing of them. The
attempt was a dangerous one with win
ter so close at hand, and it is feared
that the entire expedition will perish.
That will certainly be the result if the
party gets snowed in, as tney were not
burdened with provisions. On account !
of the lack of horse feed they were able
to purchase the horses for as low a
price as $1 each.
A party of eighty Klondikers came
Up the river on the little steamer Clara
and arrived at Skaguay in time to
catch the Dirigo. Some of them re
port an increasing interest in Pine
Creek and Lake Atlin country. A
number left the party when they ar
rived at Lake Marsh and went over to
Atlin by way of Tuku Arm to take a
look at the country. The Klondikers
bring out about $60,000 in dust, and an
unknown amount of checks and drafts.
Most of the party on the Clara are
men who went to Dawson in the rush
last winter and spring, locating noth
ing of value and are returning home
empty handed.
The death rate was sti!l very high
ten days ago. but winter is expected j
to kill the typhoid epidemic soon. Daw
sonites are interested in suppressing
news of the large amount of deaths,
and for this and other reasons it is
probable that the whole number will
never be known.' The steamship Ex.
celsior was towed up here last night
from Valdes and other ports to th% i
westward. She brought down about !
100 Copper River argonauts, who tell |
the same hard luck story of their ex»
perience in the Copper River country-*
no gold, except a coior now and then.
This is the last batch of Copper River
gold seekers to come out this season.
About 400 people in all will winter In
the country and next summer go up th&
river and over the divide down into th»
Tanona and White River country. They
are camping at the head and foot of
Klutena Lake, at the h«ad of the can
yon, and a few at Valdea.
Captain Abercrombie of the Govern
ment military expedition has about a
dozen men on his hands at Valdes who
have neither money nor food. He will
send them to Pupet Sound or San Fran
cisco on the first Government vessel.
One of the latest parties to com* j
over the glacier, lost two men in crev- ;
lc>"*s. Their names ar» not known. Ons j
man was never heard from after h*
broke through the snow crust and dis
appeared. The other man was heard
calling for help down in the black
chasm. Everything possible was don«
to rescue him with the means at hand, j
A rope with a rock tied to the end was j
lowered, but he could not reach It,
either on account of his position or be
cause it was not long enough. The
cries of the poor fellow in his prison
of Ice became fainter after several
hours. Ho seemed to realize that h»
was beyond help. The party left him
still screaming for rescue.
The man who told me nbout this said
he would remember to his dying day
the cries of the poor fellow, homeward
bound, probably to wife and children,
a? they turned from the brink of th»
chasm and took thf trail again.
The Excelsior sailed for Sltlta and
will take the outside passage for the
Sound.
JUDGE HAMMOND
ENJOINS STRIKERS
Declares They Must Not Restrict or
Molest Workmen Who Have
Taken Their Places.
CLEVELAND. Oct. IS.— Judge Ham
mond of .the T nlted , States Circuit Court
; granted "the application of the- American
Steel and Wire Company for an in
• junction against th<? striking wire-draw
ers . to-day. The injunction is a blanket
one and applies to : all the defendants
named in the petition and to. any others
who may hereafter interfere with the
employe of ■ the- company.
- The court held that those seeking em
* ployment In the place of strikers havt
rights which labor unions and .strikers
are - bound •to respect, and that one of
the-'rights of "every citizen is that of un
obstructed access to the place; where work
is to bedone and over the streets and
highways ' and .'usual approaches to such
place, and that this freedom, of access
is ; not at all inconsistent with the rights
of strikers •to use--'the name -streets and
highways for the •■ lawful conduct and
maintenance or . their' strike by r peace
abl6 entreaty or argument with men ■ in
tending to supplant them in employment.
The Injunction granted restrains the
■ptrikers from in any manner Interfering
with, the operation of the 'complainant's
•mill and from, molesting or intimidating
<3r threatening those desiring to work at
th© oiftls: also from congregating about
and picketing • the mill or the houses of
the employee for the purpose of lntlmi-
Anting. ' ■ ;.r >.j.- .-•-..;■::■
STEAMER BRIXHAM WRECKED
ON A BLASHE ISLAND REEF
STEAMER BRIXHAM, WRECKED ON BLASHE ISLAND.
SEATTLE, Wash., Oct. 18.— The steamer Brixham is the latest vessel wrecked in the treacherous waters of
the North. She struck on a reef early las? Thursday morning a quarter of a mile off Blashe Island, near
the head of Clarence Strait, and thirty miles south of Wrangel. All the passengers and crew were res
cued. Officers of the steamer Dirigo, just In port from Lynn Canal, report that the Brixham is lying
on the rocks on an even keel, with her bow stove In and her hold full of water. Her cargo Is be
lieved to be destroyed. Hopes are entertained that the steamer can be saved unless southeast gales set in.
Wednesday night, prior to the disaster, was exceptionally dark, and the lowering clouds shut off the
vision of anything save a big black mantle of gloom. The nassengers and those of the crew who were off
watch were below asleep and all unconscious of impending danger, when suddenly a cannbn-like crash aroused
them. The steamer struck the hidden reef and her engines were almost shaken to pieces as they swung her
shaft around in an endeavor to drive her forward, notwithstanding the barrier of jagged rock which cut
deeper into her prow with every revolution of her propeller.
An examination of the steamer was made by the officers and It was found that her hold had filled with
water. The passengers were Immediately put ashore without the slightest accident. A camp was at once
formed. The day after the steamer Al-Kl hove in sight, and in answer to the signals of distress came along
side and at the request of the Brlxham's captain took a number of the wrecked wayfarers into Skaguay.
When the Dirigo was bound down she hove to some distance from the wreck, which then appeared to be
well filled with water and hard and fast on the reef, and a boat put out to her from the camp with a num
ber of the passengers and crew who asked a passage downward for the wrecked men. As, however, the
Dirigo was already crowded to her limit — she had 190 passengers — the request was necessarily without avail.
The reef on which the Brixham lies Is four miles off the regular course to Wrangel.
The Brixham was built in England in 1885. She was wrecked about three years ago on the Atlantic
Coast and was purchased and repaired by American parties and put under the Stars and Stripes. She was
183 feet long, 27:1 feet broad and 14:2 feet deep. She was owned by the Boston- Alaska Transportation Com
pany and came here from Baltimore to go into the Klondike trade. There is $50,000 insurance in Coast offices
on her. Her purchase price was $75,000.
DELAY THE
GAME OF
THE DONS
Want to Tide Over
the Elections.
HOPE FOR EASIER TERMS
"MANANA" POLICY OF SPAIN IS
THE LAST RESORT.
It Is Now Definitely Stated That the
Question of the Disposition of
the Philippines Has Not
Been Taken Up.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: Believing the forthcoming
elections in the United States, and es
pecially in New York, will show the
American people are opposed to the ac
quisition of onatlying territory, and that
President McKiniey will consequently
modify his demands with respect to the
Philippines, the Spanish commissioners
in Paris are exerting all their efforts to
delay action on the various points at
issue until the middle of November.
Information Bent to Washington by
Judge Day, chairman of the American
commission, has convinced the offi
cials that this Is the object of JLhe
"manana" policy now being pursued by
Senor Montero Ricrs and his associates.
Mr. Day lias peremptorily informed the
commissioners that the United States
expects negotiations to be concluded
with the utmost dispatch. It is not
meant by this that progress has not
been made. As a matter of fact the
negotiators have agreed upon several
points, and such action is very encour
aging to the officials here. But Senor
Montero Rios and his colleagues appar
ently do not understand or do not want
to understand that matters settled by
the protocol are not open to discussion.
It can be stated on authority that the
question of control, disposition and gov
ernment of the Philippines has not yet
been taken up by the commission. When
the commiaßion held its first session the
programme to be adapted for discussion
of various questions was discussed, and
the Spanish commissioners attempted
to ascertain the intentions of the Amer
ican Government with respect to East
ern islands. Upon Judge Day's repre
sentation that it was the desire of the
American commissioners that the first
question to be disposed of should be
relating to the Independence of Cuba
and the cession of Porto Rico an/i Guam
Island to the United States the Spanish
commissioners acquiesced, but have
since been endeavoring to draw out
Judge Day on the subject of the Philip
pines. But Judge Day has been ex
tremely cautious and it is not believed
here that he yesterday informed the
Spanish commissioners that the sur
render of the Philippines would prob
ably "be demanded irrespective of the
Cuban or any other debt.
W. J. Broderick Dies at Los Angeles
LOS ANGELES, Oct 18.— W. J. TJrod
erick. a well-known banker and large
stockholder in the Los Angeles Clty
Water Company, died this afternoon of
brain trouble. He had been 111 for Bev
eral weeks.
THE SAN FK AN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 19, 183 a.
COMMISSIONS
CANNOT AGREE
Americans and Span
iards Far Apart.
AS TO CUBAN EVACUATION
SO BUTLER AND PARRADO WILL
PRIVATELY CONFER.
However, Uncle Sam's Representa
tives Are Not Yet Ready to
Charge the Dons With
Double Dealing.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, I&SS,' by James Gor
don Bennett.
HAVANA, Oct. 18.— The two commis
sions are to-day as far as ever from an
agreement concerning the date of the
final evacuation of Cuba. Last week the
Spanish Commissioners announced that
it would be impossible to withdraw all
the troops before January 15, which
date It was then believed, would be
agreed upon.
Misunderstandings arose, and now
the commissions are so far apart that
an agreement between them seems un
likely. Colonel Glrauta to-day told me
he thought the 'matter would be re
ferred back to the Governments in
Washington and Madrid.
The Americans will make a final at
tempt to reach an understanding by
arranging an informal conference be
tween General Butler and General Par
rado. These two will meet . with no
one present save two Interpreters, and
many subjects will be discussed with
more freedom than could be permitted
In formal session.
It would seem unfair to charge the
Spaniards with double dealing, and the
Americans place no confidence in. the
reports from Paris that Premier Bn
gasta has ordered General Blanco not
to evacuate Cuba until the Philippine
question is settled. The Americans
point to the complete plan of Cuba's de
fenses placed in' their hands by General
Blanco, as cabled yesterday, as evi
dence of honorable intentions.
More than that the Spanish troops
are evacuating the island as rapidly as
possible considering the ships at their
command. The Americans flrst as
sumed control in Santiago, and since
then evacuation has been going on from
east to west. Havana will be the last
point under Spanish control.
POKER AT LOS ANGELES.
New Ordinance Against the Game Is
Declared Valid.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 18.— The new poker
ordinance, which Mayor Snyder allowed
to become a law without his signature, is
valid, according to a decision made to
day by the Supreme Court.
The question of the validity of the ordi
nance was brought before the • court
through a petition for a writ of habeas
corpus directing Chief of Police Glass to
set at liberty one Wilson who, the peti
tion recited, was being unlawfully re
strained of his freedom under the opera
tion of the new ordinance, which aimed
to suppress the vice of gambling as prac
ticed In so-called club rooms throughout
the- business sections of the city.
Athlete and Soldier Dies of Fever.
BOSTON, Oct. 18.— S. W. Wheeler of
Philadelphia, formerly of the Harvard
Varsity football eleven, died here to-day.
He went to Porto Rico with the volun
teers and contracted fever there.
EMPEROR IS
GREETED BY
THE SULTAN
Royal Welcome at
Constantinople.
TURKISH JOY UNBOUNDED
ABDUL HAMID AND HIS SUB-
JECTS AT THEIR BEST.
After the Exchange of Imposing
Courtesies Magnificent Presents
Are Given the Visiting
Sovereigns.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. 18.— At 8:30
a. m. the German imperial yacht Ho
henzollern, accompanied by the Ger
man warship Hela and the Sultan's
yacht Izzedin with the Turkish Imperial
Commission on board, and followed by
a number of special steamers chartered
by members of the German colony or
conveying sightseers, appeared off Old
Seraglio- Point, and the guns of the bar
racks thundered, a salute. The Hela fol
lowed with a return salute and the
Turkish b-tteries ashore and tha
guardship off Tophaney promptly re
sponded.
The Hohenzollern anchored at 8:45 a.
m. off Dolmabagtche Palace, with the
Heretha and Helva above and below
her. Soon afterward the Emperor and
Empress entered the Hohenzollern's
longboat and were rowed to the palace
landing station, where they were re
ceived by the Sultan, who was sur
rounded by a brilliant suite.
The meeting between the Sultan and
his guests was most cordial. The Sul
tan warmly shook hands with the Em
peror and Empress and, offering his
arm to the Empress, led the way to a
pavilion off the palace, where the party
had a brief rest.
Emperor 'William engaged in an ani
mated conversation with the Sultan, the
Grand Vizier and other members of the
Sultan's suite.
The route from the Dolmabagtche
Palace to the Tildiz Palace was cov
ered with red carpeting and lined with
troopß in new uniforms, prominent
among them being the Sultan's body
guard and the imperial body guard, in
new white uniforms embroidered with
black, white helmet, and having a
waistband of Germany's colors. The
whole made a magnificent display.
Standing: a little apart from the crowd
were large gatherings of Turkish
women who ocupled a slope facing the
Dolmabagtche Palace. In the rush of
the people to secure noints of vantaire
they climbed trees, railings and posts.
The Sultan has presented to Emperor
William a magnificent sword and to the
Empress a diamond necklace of almost
priceless value. He has also authorized
a German syndicate to construct a com
mercial post at Haidar, opposite Con
stantinople, a concession long sought
by German promoters.
Killed While Stealing a Bide.
REDDING, Oct. 18.— John Barry, aged
50 years, was run over and killed by a
freight train near Smithson, this morn-
Ing. Evidently he was trying to steal a
ride. He was a laborer and about a
month since was employed In the crew
on the Delta section.
GENEROUS
GIFTS TO THE
UNIVERSITY
Mrs. Hearst and Oth
ers Contribute.
ELEVEN PRIZES FOX PLANS
FINAL JUDGMENT TO BE GIVEN
IN THIS CITY.
Regent Reinstein Tells of the Pro
posed Enlargement of the Berk
eley Institution and of the
Progress of the Work.
Special cabls to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, Oct. 18.— In the Paris edition
of the Herald on Sunday was published
a communication giving the result of
the University of California architect
ural competition held at Antwerp.
Eleven competitors received prizes. The
plans will come up for final judgment
before an international jury which
meets in San Francisco.
Mrs. Hearst is at present In Paris
and the correspondent of the Herald
saw her on Monday In the hope of ob
taining some idea of the scope of the
plans and cost. J. B. Reinstein, regent
of the University of California, who
represented the institution at the Ant
werp competition, presented me to Mrs.
Hearst and explained my errand.
"You really must not ask me about
anything," exclaimed Mrs. Hearst. "I
do not want to talk about the matter.
Mr. Reinstein will tell you everything."
"But Mrs. Hearst," I said, "will you
not give me in a few words an idea
of what you propose to do and an es
timate of the cost?"
"Ask Mr. Reinstein; he will tell you
everything," were Mrs. Hearst's last
words.
"Mrs. Hearst always refuses to be in
terviewed upon what she does or hopes
to do," said Mr. Reinstein. "She is ex
ceedingly reticent in regard to her gift
to the University of California,
"To B. R. .Maybeck, instructor of
architectural drawing, belongs the
credit of originating the scheme. Then
Mrs. Hearst came forward and made it
Eosslble for the idea to be developed,
he has selected as trustees to carry
out her wishes Governor James H.
Budd of California, Professor William
Carey Jones of the faculty and myself.
Mr. Maybeck was granted a year's
leave of absence. He and I visited all
the principal cities of the United States
seeking information rrom the best
known men in educational circles. A
meeting of architects and artists was
held in New York at which tne project
was discussed and at which about two
hundred and fifty gentlemen were pres
ent. Mr. Maybeck then came to Eu
rope, visited all the great seats of
learning in the British empire and on
the Continent. I joined him here and
then we returned to San Francisco and
arrangements were made for the com
petition which has just been held at
Antwerp."
"Will Mrs. Hearst give all the money
needed to carry out the plan?" I asked.
"Oh, no. While Mrs. Hearst is a great
friend of the university there are others
who intend to assist at this work."
"About how much money will be re
quired?"
"It is impossible to state any amount.
I can say that the State of California
has set aside $1,000,000 for the buildings.
Generous friends of the university have
promised the funds necessary to erect
several other buildings and Mrs. Hearst
in addition to Tarnishing the money for
the new buildings for schools of mines
and for the endowment of its faculty
will present the institution with one or
more additional buildings."
NTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Captain Blame Hears Some Pointed
Talk From Secretary of
War Alger.
WASHINGTON. Oct. IS. — Captain
James G. Blame, Assistant Adjutant Gen
eral of Volunteers, was at the
War Department this afternoon and
had a long and animated con
versation with Secretary Alger. Af
ter Captain Elaine's escapade at Ho
nolulu on his way to the Philippines the
War Department cabled him to return
here and make such defense as he might
against discharge from the army. Sec
retary Alger declined to state the nature
of the talk between Captain Blame and
himself, but It Is understood the Secre
tary handled him without gloves. As
young Blame had but a feeble defense to
make of his conduct, both at Honolulu
and Manila, his discharge from the army
is likely to occur soon. It is not proba
ble that he will be court-martialed.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California— Original: William P. Over
street, Ban Francisco, $12; Robert C.
Hiatt, Whlttier, $10: Alpheus O. Ledbet
t&r, Los Angeles, $6; William Alexander,
Artesla, $6.
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War. Private John H. Hogan, Troop
D, Fourth United States Cavalry, now
at the Presidio, will be discharged from
the service of the United States by the
commanding officer of his station.
Patents have been Issued as follows:
California— Edwin T. Earl, Oakland, re
frigerator car; Cofran I. Hall, assignor
to Cahill & Hall of San Francisco, ele
vator; Alfred L. Hastings and L. M.
Scott, San Jose, brush-cutting machine;
Albert E. Macdonald, San Francisco, den
tal engine; Peter H. Mackle, Pasadena,
dredging apparatus; Daniel and H. H.
Methven, Antfoch, almond huller and sep
arator; Robert J. Miller, Benicla. pipe
wrench; James G. Moscrop, San Bernar
dino, ecraseur; Antolne Nissen, Shasta,
miner's candlestick; Robert H. Postle
waite, assignor to Risdon Iron Works,
San Francisco, winch: August Rantala,
Navarro, washboiler attachment; Charles
Schoenefeldt, Stockton, potato digger;
William J. and P. E. Thomas. Inglewood,
potato planter; William' N. Thorp and F
G. Normart. Fresno, coupling for broom
handles; Simon W. Wible, Bakersneld.
grader, ditcher and road and levee
builder.
Oregon — Joseph A. Bernardl. Salem
gasket, and Peter J. Scharbach, Wood
burn, non-remlable bottle.
Washington— James R. Dever, Olympia
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Can Eat
Anything now, and it makes me so
happy," writes a Vermont woman, "be-
cause I am noT perfectly free from
thoße old deathly feelinp- when I could
not keep anything on my stomach, had
pains In my back and side. I owe
It all to Hood's Sarsaparilla, .hree bot-
tles of which have made me perfectly
well and I am growing strong and
fleshy."
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. $i ; nix for |5.
Uo -d'« Pill* cure sick headache. 25 cents.
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Mannfactnrers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Correiponding With Any of the Following Final Plena Mention "The OaJL"
ART VTARB AND ANTIQUB FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
firtlstlc Furniture and flrt Ware Importers,
117 SUTTER BTREET.
AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock rjl lip tfAU Montgomery St..
tloneera. JLlLilill Vk. W- Ban Francisco. ■
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
n/ll CfHOFNIKIi Shipping trade •appll»d.
!tM' jLilUCnil^U; 639 Broadway street.
BELTINO.
Ln fIEfiPN Manufacturer of Belting; and
r. IJCUCn, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis- |
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
;• BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid t» Rspairs and Snip Work.
Offioe and Works—ll3-115 MISSION STREET :
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. - -
THE FRANCISCO NEWS COMPAHY;
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above PowelL'
Periodicals. Books end Stationery.
' - CARRIAGE MAKERS.
OmnTJXT C CAYC —Makers and Dealers ln
BRIEN tt SON^Landaus. Hacks. Victorias,
Carts,and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
St., San Francisco. '
. COAL, COKE AND PIQ IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
GOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 18M. .r. ' . ■
t COPPERSMITH. :l:l ;
Jo»»-.h To*. Supt. H. blyt*. M«r.
C. W. Smith. Ship Piumblncr, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone. Main 5641.
' [;: 'DENTIST..; • ' .'' "\-\ Z
DB- C W- RICHARDS, SE. oorßw Koarny.
DRUGQISTS (WHOLESALE). ■',
HEDINBTOH CO, S^'gifffiffi
FIRE INSURANCE. ■'• •
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
411-413 California Btreet, rear.
Capital Represented ..........over n4.000,000
: ■■;*<£;>:.' flour. .■-:;.:....- ■ .''-•• .'
TIAV T Flour Mills. J. Martensteln A Co.
nAllullAL BW. cor. Battery and Paclflo st*.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
jAs. BOYES & CO., Baasr»tg
—.^—________ I
! HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co..lmporters SDealers
■^in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
<
cleaning device: George G. Kaiser, John
eon, farm gate; George Slntz, Seattle,
propeller; Fred C. . Thompson, Burton,
mechanism for converting. motion, and
Robert J. Wilson, Seattle, lampburner.
FIGHTING FIRE ON THE
MOUNT LOWE RAILWAY
PASADENA, Oct. Alpine Tavern,
on the Mount Lowe Railway, Is threat
ened by a flre ln the mountains which
broke out Sunday night and has been
growing in fierceness ever since. Yester
day twenty men were sent out to fight
the "fire/ This .Afternoon' fifteen more and
to-night twenty-five additional fire-fight
ers left for the scene of destruction.
THEY SLOGGED AT WILL.
California Athletic Club's Monthly
Entertainment in Franklin Hall.
The California Athletic and Swimming
Club gave an athletic show last evening
in Franklin Hall. The event of the
evening was an eight-round contest for
the alleged amateur lightweight cham
pionship of the coast (the rules of the j
American Athletic Association of tne
A. A. A. have made boxing professional in I
all events) between Charles Rochette and
Kid O'Brien. Jack Stelzner was selected
to referee the bout, and, being unable to
decide which of the boxers was entitled
to a decision at the end of the eighth
round, he ordered another round. Ro
chette, evidently angerod because Stelzner
did not favor, him with a decision, went
right at his game in hammer-and-tongs |
style, and O'Brien was receiving such a j
heavy bombardment of rights and lefts \
that Sergeant Anderson, anticipating a j
slaughter, stepped into the ring and or
dered the contest stopped, which mandate I
was obeyed. The referee then awarded
the fight to Rochette. *^ V
The preliminaries consisted of . a four
round . bout between Frank Ely and M.
Meyer, which was as uninteresting as
could possibly be, and a six-round con
test between Frank McGinnis and Emll
Dahl. This terminated in the third round
•by a knockout, McGinnis being the man
who was hard hit.. .■- - , .
HUDYAN DID IT
Yes, HUDYAN is the true nerve-builder.
Many men and women are ready to testify
to that. HUDYAN did it. HUDYAN does
da HUDYAN cures. Just as certain as
you are a foot high, so certain will HUDYAN
cure you.
HUDYAN cures Nervous Weakness, Men-
tal Depression, Hysteria, Numbness, Tremb-
ling. Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Pains in the
Shoulder, Pains Up and Down, the Backbone.
HUDYAN cures Nervousness, Melancholia,
Nervous Debility, Exhausted Nerve Vitality.
HUDYAN cures Sleeplessness, Palpitation of
the Heart, Sick Headache, Indigestion, Loss
of Appetite. HUDYAN cures. Call or
write for free circulars.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Ellis, Stockton and Market Sts.
BAN FRANCISCO. CAI»
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOI*D HARNESS CO., 211 Larkln St., & **
Wholesale and -Retail Manufacturer* o»_*U
kinds of Harness and dealers In Buffiel.
CarU. etc If you want bargalna call at wrtM
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
fsllAtfs Hunters* Equipments. >t *? lß s
IlllnlV Tackle. Athletic Goods. etc. CenS
U JIIU for catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVH.
vw " w 7.3 Market street. __
i; IRON FOUNDERS. ; ;
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley," Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black ISO 3.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS. 138 Sutter at.. \
San Francisco. Telephone Mcln 917.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture blankets. Cassimeres, Tweeda and
Flannels, 635 Market Bt.. San Francisco. CaU
Goods for sale at all leading dry goods stores.
MARINE INSURANCE. ■■ ■-_•.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPAHHB3. -
Combined Capital. $4,000,000.
BTZ & CO.. A«r«ita.
SOI California at.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
TRU nPDNH ADn Mattress Co.. ta Ml»«lo»
IUC DCKIMIAKU st. Telephone Main 1«74.
PAPER DEALERS.
\A/ll I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO.. ;
VVILLkIiIII 1L 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
Th* OMent T\rm iinil I>r«-»»* «to**.'
PIANO and MUSIC 9TORB,
KOHLER & CHASE, ,
X and 80 O*Farrell St. . ..
A rorpo of expert tuners and reoaJr«ra.
■'•"-■• PRINTING.
E- C- HUGrIES»SII Sansoina atrxt.
. V^. j rHJvlOilOiSll Bansome street.
■'."• "^ -SOAP. • ■••■
OD f TTrV £m 123 California street.
. X, LULY (X tU., rcom 87. Tel. Main 1881.
___. •• . — : ■ — ' 1
STATIONER AND PRINTER. .
Te] c p a hlc ARTRIDGE
TBE BICKS-JDDD CO-, '■.ss££•£%&
~ WAREHOUSEMEN. '-
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwanllns; Agents and Publio W»i|*i«,
Geaeral Storage. Free and Grain Warehottseai.
General office. HO California, at> Tel. Main l»*.
~ '■ WALLPAPER.
WHOLE!" \LE & retail send for samples, stat-
ing quality & color. DUFFY CO.. 9-S Howard.
~~~ ~ WATCHES,' ETC.
TI fTWUV Headqxiarters for fine Jewelry an«
• LUrllll* full IS-k. Wcddlnc Rings. * 3d rt.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
C. F. HAAS, mfr wood articles, any descrip-
I tion. Planing, turning. 417 Mission, tel. M. 5927.
- -
Get Tour Cheoks Imprinted— Don't Lick SUmpi. ,
Government Licensee for the Imprinting of Ravenna
Stamps on Baak Cheeka. . ■ .
. . .THE. . .
UiiLlopl
ARTISTIC LITHOGRAPHERS,
PRINTERS AND BINDERS.
BANK. INSURANCE AND COMMERCIAL
WORK A SPECIALTY. ! r *
325 SANSOME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO,
Telephone— Main 327.
|
MPRVIT/V mum vitality
■'^SiT 1 V ' ' M LOST VIGOR.
-jeegja "AND MANHOOD
BO>&Zf^jL Cures Itr.potency Night Emissions and wasting
V9N>9S taseSl ail effects of self-abuse, or excess and
,^SJ . indiscretion. A nerve-tonic and bbod'builder.
' "o ' vSt Brings the pink glow t0 pale cheeks and re*
ftlvw stores the (ire of youth. By mail 500 per
Pj^^RL boxi 6 bejes for $2.50; with a written
wji^i EuarJfllK to cure or refund the money.
Bcreita medical Co., CMnton * 3ackson its., Cblcaa?.
WALLER BROS., 33 Grant aye., San Francisco.
Munyon's Headache and IndigestlonCure
; Is the only remedy on tL<s market that
i will cure. every form of Headache in 3
! to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion.' atvm-
I ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
: tern. It should be In every home and
j every traveler's ripsack. At all Drug-
| gists. 25 cures. 25c. _^ .
WHEN YOU
Re^ ulre an - ELEC-
BELT get "Dr.
Pierces" and you will
. . 73^.'^ not be disappointed.
' VjvvT" ' Call or address PIERCE
1 ELECTRIC CO., 620
Market st. (opp. Palace Hotel). S, F.
NOTICE !
Taxes Dae Upon Assessments,
Made by the State Board
of Equalization.
CONTROLLER'S DEPARTMENT. STATE OF
California. Sacramento. October 12. 189 S.
In ■ accordance with th« - provisions of Section
5668 of the Political Code, notice is hereby
given that I have received from the Stata
Beard of Equalization the "Duplicate Record
of Assessments . of Railways" and the "Du-
. plicate Record of Apportionment of Railway
Assessments," containing the assessments
upon the property of each of the followlng-
nanied .associations or corporations as fixed
by the said State Board of Equalization for
the year 1893, to wit: . • '
California Pacific' Railroad Company. Central
Pacific Railroad Company. >Mrihern ■ Califor-
nia Railroad , Company, Northern . Railway
Company, South Pnclfic Coast Railroad Com-
pany, Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
Southern California Motor Road Company,
San Francisco and North Pacific Railway
Company. Southern California Railway Com-
• pany, Santa Fe Pacific Ra.iroad Company,
North Pacific Coast Railroad Company," San
Francisco - and San Joaquin Valley Railway,
Company, . Nevada County Narrow : Gaugo
Railroad ■ Company, - Carson and Colorado
Railroad Company, Nevada-Callfornla-Oregon
Railway Company,. r ijaro Valley , Consoli-
dated Railroad Comi Pacific Coast Rail-
way Comoany, Alameda and San Joaquin
-Railroad Company, Gualala River Railroad
Company, . California and Nevada Itallroad
Company, Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia. Sierra Valleys Railway Com. any, San
" Francisco and San Mateo Electric Railway
Company : and Pullman's Palace Car Com-
- pany. ■■ - ''. '• • ■ . ••■ '■
The State and County taxes on all personal •
property, and one-half of. the State and
county taxes on all real l property, ■ are now
due and . payable and will I > delinquent on
the last. Monday, in November next at six
o'clock' p. m.. and unless paid to the Stat»
Treasurer at the Capitol prior thereto, flvs
-per cent will be added to amount thereot
and unless so paid on or before the last Mon-
"■" day in April' next,, at six o taoek p m an
additional five per cent will be added to th«
amount thereof. •■•... ; - . - ,
The remaining one-half of State and county
taxes on all real oroperty will be due and
payable after the >flr»t Monday :in Janu-
i ary t next aOd . will be delinquent on th*
last-- Monday in April- next at six o'clock
p. m.. v and t unless ■ paid to the Stato
Treasurer at 'X the Capitol prior thereto, fivs
per cent will be added to the amount thereof.
-..■■ ..-E. P. COLGAN,;State Controller. ,
(j fPATENTSI ])
' MARKET ST. SfVSSS^ ,"WELCOME TO
AMERICA, SWEET,
BELOVED PEACE!"
Formal Opening of Chicago's Great
Jubilee With Impressive
Ceremonies.
President McKinley, Archbishop Irelarjd and
Others Eloquently Teli of tbe War in
Bebalf of Huroanity.
•CHICAGO, Oct. IS.— Five thousand !
people packed within the walls of the
Auditorium witnessed the formal
launching of the peace jubilee to-day.
It required the uncorking of six viala
ot eloquence to make the launching a
distinct success, and no vessel that ever !
slid down the ways was dumped Into
moretdampness than the peace Jubilee.
A heavy drizzle that changed into rain
and then back into drizzle was falling,
the streets were filled with puddles of
water and the cold wind blowing off
Lake Michigan made walking unpleas
ant. Notwithstanding these obstacles
the opening of the jubilee proper was a
distinct and brilliant success.
It was announced that the ceremo
ftiles would commepce at 10:30 a. m.,
and fully an hour prior to that time
the street in front of the Auditorium
;was packed with an enthusiastic crowd.
'After the doors had been thrown open
there was a long wait for the speak
ers. Owing to a misunderstanding, in
•which the President had no part, it
was past 11 a. m. before the President
entered the hall. Upon his entrance
he was escorted by the Chicago Hus
ears and mounted police. As the Pres
ident entered the hall his appearance
was the signal for an outburst of en
thusiastic cheers that lasted for several
minutes. With the President were ex-
Governor Richard J. Oglesby of Illi
nois, Lafayette McWilliams, President
Harper of the Chicago University and
Thomas B. Bryan of Chicago. The
party composing Mrs. and Miss Mew 11
fiams and Miss Duncan were in the box
adjoining that of the President In
the first box at the left of the stage
was General Miles, and in the boxes
next to him were the members of the
various diplomatic corps. Secretary
Gage was in a box in the second tier
almost directly opposite to the box of
the President. Almost immediately af
ter the narllamentary party had taken
their seats, the Rev. Frank W. Gunsau
lus, chaplain of the meeting, offered
Chairman Charles Truax, on behalf
of the Jubilee committee, then made a
Bhort opening address and introduced
George R. Peck as presiding officer.
Mr. Peck made a brief address, and
Introduced Mayor Harrison, who deliv
ered the formal address of welcome to
President McKinley and the strangers
who had come to Chicago to witness
the ceremonies of jubilee week. The
President, who received a most enthu
siastic welcome as he entered the
building, made no formal reply to the
addresses of welcome, notwithstanding
loud calls for a speech. Following thf
ad'lrpps of Mayor Harrison, Archbishop
Ireland of St. Paul spoke.
In concluding his address Archbishop
Ireland said:
"Welcome to America, sweet, beloved
peac**; Welcome to America, honored,
elnrinus victory! Oh. peace, thou art
heaven's gift to men! When the Savior of
humanity was horn in Bethlehem, the
sang forth "Glory to God in the
highest, and on earth peace. good will to
men." P-raee was offered to the world
thr-i'iph Christ, and when the spirit of
Christ )s supreme there Is universal peace
—peace among men, peace among na
tions. ,
O. peace, so precious art thou to hu
manity that our highest ideal of social
felicity must ever be thy sovereignty upon
earth. Pagan statesmanship, speaking
through pagan poetry, exclaims. "The
best of things which it is given to men
to know la peace; better than a thousand
triumphs is th" simple gift of peace.
The regenerated world shall not lift
Bword against sword, neither shall they
be exercised any more In war."
Peace is the moral flow of humanity's
life, the healthy pulsation of humanity's
social organism, the vital condition for
humanity's growth and happiness. Re
duce to the smallest the sacrifice on the
battlefield, one has died and some one
has hppn bereft. "Only one killed." the
AJDVEHTISEMFNTS.
TO CURE NERVOUS DYSPEPSIA.
To Gain Flesh, to Sleep Well, to
Know What Appetite and Good
Digestion Mean. Make a
Test of Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets.
Interesting Experience of an Indi-
anapolis Gentleman.
No trouble is more common or more
misunderstood than nervous dyspepsia.
People having it think that their nerves
are to blame, are surprised that they
are not cured by nerve medicines and
spring remedies; the real seat of mis-
chief IS lost sight of; the stomach is the
origin to be l<.<>k.-d after.
Nervous dyspeptics often do not have
any pain whatever in the stomach, nor
perhaps any of the usual symptoms of
stomach weakness. Nervous dyspep-
sia shows itself not in the stomach so
much as in nearly every other organ;
In some cases the heart palpitates and
Is irregular; in others the kidneys are
affected; in others the bowels are con-
stipated, with headache; still others
are troubled with loss of flesh and ap-
petite, with the accumulation of gas,
gour risings and heartburn.
Mr. A. W. Sharper of No. 61 Pros-
pect street, Indianapolis, Ind., writes
as follows: "A motive of pure grati-
tude prompts nre to write these few
lines regarding the new and valuable
medicine, Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
I have been a sufferer from nervous
dyspepsia for the last four years; have
used various patent medicines and
other remedies without any favorable
result. They sometimes gave tempor-
ary roli.-f until the effects of the medi-
cine wore off. i attributed this to my
sedentary habits, being a bookkeeper
with little physical exercise, but I am
glad to state that the tablets have ov-
ercome all these obstacles, for I liave
gained in flesh, .shop better, and am
better in every way. The above is
written not for notoriety, but is based
on actual facts. Respectfully yours
..c-, r>- J' A - W - SHARPER,
"61 Prospect St., Indianapolis. Ind."
It is safe to say that Stuart's Dys-
pepsia, Tablets will cure any stomach
weakness or disease except cancer of
the stomach. They cure sour stomach,
gas. loss of flesh and appetite, sleep-
lessness, palpitation, heartburn consti-
pation and headaches.
Send for valuable little book on stom-
ach diseases by addressing Stuart Co
Marshall, Mich. "'
All druggists sell full sized packages
p.t 60 cent 3.
Special Dispatch to Tb« Call.
headline reads. The glad news speeds.
The newsboys cry "Killed only one!"
"He was my son! what were a thousand
to this one — my only son?"
It was Wellington who said, "Take my
word for it, if you had seen but one day
of war you would pray to Almighty God
that you misht never see such a thing
again." It was Napoleon who said, "The
sipht of a battletlfld after the fight is
enough to inspire princes with a love of
peace and a horror of war."
War, be thou gone from my soul's
sight! I thank the good God that thy
ghastly specter stands no longer upon
the thresholds of the home of my fellow
countrymen in America or of my fellow
beings in distant Andalusia. When, I ask
heaven, shall humanity rise to such
heights of reason and of religion that war
shall be Impossible and stories of battle
fields but the saddening echoes of primi
tive ages of the race?
Yet a Just and necessary war is holy;
the men who at their country"s call en
gugf In such a war are the country's
heroes, to whom must be given unstinted
gratitude and unstinted praise. The sword
in their hands is the emblem of self
sarrince and of valor; the flag which
leads them betokens their country and
bids them pour out in oblation to purest
patriotism the life-blood of their hearts;
the shroud which spreads over the dead
of the battlefield Is the mantle of fame
and of glory-
Judge Emory Speer of Georgia fol
lowed with the closing address. At the j
conclusion of Judge Speer's address, I
which concluded the programme, there I
were loud calls of "McKinley, McKln- j
| ley!" The President had risen and j
was just about to leave the box, but he <
turned and came back to the front. He i
waited for a moment until ex-Governor j
Richard Ogelsby brought the assem- j
blage to something resembling quiet, j
Then the President spoke as follows:
My fellow-citizens: I have been deeply '
moved by this demonsrtation. I have j
been deeply touched by the words of pat- I
rlotlsm that have been uttered by dis- ,'
tinguished gentlemen so eloquently in j
your presence. It is gratifying to all of j
us to know that this has never ceased ]
to be a war of humanity. The last ship >
that went out of the harbor of Havana
before war was declared was an Ameri
can ship that had taken to the suffering
people of Cuba supplies furnished by (
American charity. (Applause.) And the '
first ship to- sail into the harbor of San
tiago was another American ship bearing
food supplies to the suffering Cubans.
(Applause.) And I am sure it is the uni
versal prayer of American citizens that
justice and humanity and civilization
BbaU characterize the final settlement of
peace, as they have distinguished the
progress of the war. (Applause.)
My countrymen, the currents of des
tiny flow through the hearts of the peo
ple. Who will check them, who will
divert them, who will stop them? And
the movements of men, planned and j
designed by the master of men, will j
never be interrupted by the American
people.
During the afternoon five meetings
were held in different parts of the city.
A large meeting at Studebaker Hall
was addressed by Albert J. Beveridge
of Indianapolis and President Cyrus
Northrup of the University of Chicago.
At the Columbia Theater General Miles,
General Henry M. Duffield of Detroit
and Booker T. Washington addressed
an audience limited only by the size
of the theater.
At the First Regiment Armory Secre
tary James Wilson and Mayor David S.
Rose of Milwaukee comprised the list
of speakers. Samuel Gompers spoke at
the Second Regiment Armory and
Charles Emory Smith delivered an ad
dress at North Side Turner Hall. The
public schools, all of which were pro
fusely decorated, devoted the day to
jubilee exercises and to hearing ad
dresses by prominent educators and or
ators.
GRAND BALL TO AID
SOLDIERS AND SAILORS
CHICAGO, Oct. 18.— Four thousand
-eople danced at the Auditorium to
night for the benefit of the suffering
sailors and soldiers, and it was a per
fect success. A small festoon of Ameri
can beauty roses hu.i? before the box
from which President McKinley viewed
the ball, and directly opposite a similar
decoration was Placed beneath the box
in which the Chinese and Korean Min
isters were seated. The hour for the
reception of the President and the dis
tinguished guests was 10:30 p. m. The
hall was draped with red, white and
blue strips across the entire roof.
Punctual to the minute the President
appeared. Chairman Truax and the
jubilee committee were also present.
Mayor Harrison wai on his left. The
orchestra rendered "The Star Spangled
Banner," and all in the hall remained
standing as the Presidential party
made its way across the floor.
The ceremony of presenting being
over the President made his way to the
box reserved for him, the audience ap
plauding enthusiastically. He left the
hall after midnight, going to the resi
dence of Captain Williams. About $25 -
000 was realized for the benefit of the
soldiers and sailors.
Professor Cox of the Signal Service
Bureau to-day had little in the way of
cheering prognostications for the next
thirty-six hours to offer Chicagoaris,
who have been hoping for fair weather
to-morrow, the day of the big parade
He said there would be "unsettled
weather, with rain, Wednesday."
PRESIDENT M'KINLEY
MEETS THE MIDDIES
CHICAGO, Oct. 18.— About 11:30 the
President left the Auditorium and was
driven to the hall of the Illinois Naval
Reserves, in the Medinah Temple,
where several naval reserves all in
uniform had gathered. As the Presi
dent, arm and arm with Mayor Harri
son, and accompanied by Captain Mc-
Calla of the Marblehead, Admiral
Brown, Commodore Ide, Captain W. J.
Wilson, Lieutenant J. A. Übdell and
Ensigns W. D. Flood and D. R. Col
lins, came on to the floor of the hall
they were greeted with hearty and pro
longed cheering. For ten minutes the
middies filed past the PresWent, shak
ing his hand. Then taking a position
at the end of the hall he addressed the
blue Jackets briefly. While the cheer
ing still continued the President ex
cused himself and departed. He was
driven at once to the McWllliams resi
dence on Lake avenue and retired soon
after.
Senator Proctor He-Elected.
MONPELIER, Vt., Oct. 18.— The House
and Senate to-day took separate ballots
for United States Senator. Both houses,
by an overwhelming vote, re-elected Sen
ator Proctor. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1898.
MAJOR TILDEN
HAS RETURNED
Tells of Affairs at
Manila.
INSURGENTS NOT DANGEROUS
THEY WOULD HAVE NO CHANCE
AGAINST AMERICANS.
The California Officer Praises the
Bravery of the Call's Special
Correspondent During the
Fighting.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C. Ov-t. 18.— On board
the steamer Empress of Japan, which
arrived this afternoon from the Orient,
was Major Tilden of the First Califor
nia Volunteers and Dr. Lewis of the
Red Cross Society, two well-known
San Franciscans who are on their way
home from Manila on leave.
Major Tilden says things are still In
statu quo at Manila, in fact they have
changed but little since the armistice
was declared. As for the fears of
trouble between the Americans and the
Philippine insurgents, he thinks that
there is scarcely any need for uneasi
ness on that score, for although the in
surgents might have done well with
the backing of the Americans against
the Spanish, they would not last longer
than an iceberg at the equator In a
conflict with the Americans.
A large number of Callfornlans, some
sick and some wounded, are en route
home, the major says, on the hospital
ship Rio de Janeiro, which left Hong
kong several days before the Empress.
He speaks in glowing terms of Sol
N. Sheridan, The Call's correspondent,
whom he met for the first time under
fire in the rebel trenches, where, not
withstanding the danger, the brave cor
respondent had gone in search of re
liable news for his paper.
The Empress of Japan brings a bud
get of Manila news. There was con
siderable excitement there prior to the
departure of the last mail for Hong
kong over the reported sale of Palawan
and part of the Sulu group to Germany
by Spain. The story of the sale was,
however, afterward denied by the Ger
man Consul, but still many of the Ori
ental papers refused to take his denial,
and many lengthy editorials appeared
ADyEBTISEMENTS. _■_.'' -.
f^ Wonifln 3ri(l Home 5
g*s Mrs. Pinkham Tells About the Relation of Woman's Ills to jK,.
J*?} Home Happiness. t^>°
Good dispositions succumb.
■«^r Irritability and snappy retort take ~^^^s^ f^**
the place of happiness and amiability. /^- ~ "' IZZ^s/^
j£) Sunshine is driven out of the /t- rrz=r=^^feT(Si l Ru
home, friends are estranged ft/ __ JctHjeSIJIIIII ~"
fand lives wrecked by woman's ft E^^^ — ~^=
great enemy, womb trouble, jj *^U&z
The use of Lydia E. Pink- I L^^^pg^
ham's Vegetable Compound // I^-7- —^KbS^-
•M: will banish pain and restore 1 JLVv'^ #|| I r/s^-^Mfc== '
i happiness. Don't resort to - — *(fmi[ >"•/} It _ '^- J) l^\r~~=^~
stroner stimulants or nar- \\ ==i &^Kh^\{\- 1. i.l lA:-V^)^iB==-
strengthening, healing rem- V JB \\ ■ fYg i\_ZlS- BN r=:^
edy for women is always with- \c^^^;EEEiEJHsvi\\ 1 / tf/^^^^S^^^^
in reach v— ■■ - ' g^B^^^wlly^^y] 53^B^E~^
Read the symptoms, suffering \y_ -^SB^ratiL.^^^^^ ?'
and cure recited in the two letters xj. --^R«i-'"-' ~Vv,
here printed by special request: ' '^^
I^Tjr Dkab Mna. PnrKHAM: — I have taken Lydia E. Pinkham's vL. ■i^'^^^S^^ I ''^-''^''''^- ' gr&
a Vegetable Compound, and think it is the best medicine for • / . j^i^^^^^aj^^^^^^a \i^ < N
women in the world. I was so weak and nervous that I jfflJ« r^^Kfi*^^^:^-' '■!'.^feli 7S^**
£*%/ thought I could not live from one day to the next. I had '?»'-'•£ " J " ' : S^^^ *^!i*.
[ **&\ falling of the womb and leucorrhoea, and thought I was go- /^^^^m-^^^^^^^^^^^^k '(^t&
f ing into consumption. I had dragging pains in my go- Jmjj^Wis r?T''^V-'. ?*• mBtOTF <R^**
ing into consumption. I had dragging pains in my ;^' : ' ~^ SwHw 4^^a.
V^ i back, burning sensation down to my f eot, and so many jOBEMmm': ' | ''"''" ' T >-:':: ' : - : HH^Hh (P**^*
miserable feelings. People said that I looked like i4^"^^t ff .3^ ?' : g ? ""■ .■-• ■' ; '' "S^ r *'*: mPißtWi
a dead woman. Doctors tried to cure me but :... jß&fr^j£ : "*^i^.C > 'i -.-^ > f^ y*W\ CPs
£-} ' failed. I had given up when I heard of your bH i^3**
medicine. I got a bottle. I did not have much J^n^f'-^'/C '' ' '' ~~ ~"'' r '''' : ~ ' ' '-'■'■^^ \&*\
f^C faith in it but thought I would try it, and it JwgiiME&^^
£*%}[ made a new woman of me. I wish I could Jmm^ "'% *'~^.Y'''^*' '-^'^^^ <^> y --- z^': i \'^''^^ j&S*_
*&?< getevery lady in the land to try it, for it (P*^**
£?&[ did for me what doctors could not do. — yWfi^^^^p^^/:;^^-^'^^"^iaf^^^^^^:"^"*'"^ ««^»>
Mrs. Sallie Chaiq, Baker's Landing, Pa. -^ *Sf'^ '^^ r^'®f^-^"'^ ;i ' ■''' : -f« $****
y.w»J Dkah Mrs. Pinkham:— l suffered for V^V
several years with falling of the womb. Before 1' X/"''^^t'^ >:c-": c-" - : -' HwINH g%Jr
y^w writing to yon I was treated by some of the best WB^^^ :^i^^^'r*;j4'^'<''"'''' '■■'*' i: *•■- >: ".'^- *-"^< r; 'V- wR t^^*.
\^K doctors in the city, but they failed to cure me. \^^t|^^^^fs^ ? : , l , * H"^ "' ' ' "^"" /■^; ; ' ; 't^: -^^ fP*^*
r^^. After taking six bottles of your Vegetable Com- Al WBH L^?(- 'Vflmßf '^' ■"-"■ '■';'; '- '■-■ -'^'t ':BC^ «^^*»
***fl\ pound lam a well woman. The pain in my ''- C-~' -' "*- ? '^ *V -^-b. " - wfT"^ CS^
X^~jjf back left me after taking the second bottle. v^'ijji < 'A Tf v :- '.*'■'- 'JB^^^\^^ *
Jtlto, ) ' Your medicine has done for me what the doctors ■ jL'*^WßJjfi§(M|fnfi % » '"■. -S^^^^^^^* C2^
T^y could not do, and I wish all who are troubled with ' ' -I-." Yy
>>^J any female weakness might know ita worth. — Mrs. Nii§? v ; ::<t£ t'.w^J^ \^**V
■Sabah HoLSTKiii, 56 Perry St., Lowelli Mass. fitnr
Don't neglect mysterious pains and J^^r
"^r warning sensations. They indicate serious trouble and need explaining. JfE?*
tQI Write all about them to a woman who understands these matters, «^»»
g^y Mrs. Pinkham of Lynn, Mass. She will advise you without charge. £SL.
and your letter will be seen and answered by women only. &T*
§| Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound (g;
■§[ A Woman's Remedy for Woman's Ills. St
RUSSIA WILL
UPHOLD FRANCE
Czar Nicholas' Congratnla
tions on the Firmness
Shown at Fashoda.
PARIS, Oct. 18.— The Soir as
serts that the forthcoming visit
of the Russian Foreign Minister,
Count Muravieff, to Paris will be
undertaken on the instructions
of Czar Nicholas in order to con
gratulate the French Foreign
Minister upon the firmness he
has shown in the Fashoda affair
and to arrange as to the manner
in which Russia can give her
support most effectively.
at Hongkong and Shanghai baaed upon
the news.
News is given by the correspondent of
the Hongkong Press of the sale of large
quantities of firearms to the rebels by
American merchants in Hongkong and
other Chinese ports. Several filibuster
ing expeditions are said to have suc
cessfully landed large quantities of
arms and ammunition.
AMERICAN AND GERMAN
SAILORS IN STREET FIGHT
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 18.— Officers of
the steamer Empress of Japan report
that a serious street fight occurred at
Hongkong shortly before they left be
tween American and German sailors.
W. C. Lake, an American storekeeper,
has been murdered at Chemulpo.
From Hongkong comes the news of a
robbery of 10,000 yen from H. M. S. Nar
cissus by blue jacket'- who escaped on
a Japanese steamer bound for Yoko
hama. The steamer was pursued and
overtaken by a torpedo boat destroyer
and the sailors captured.
The steamer Borneo, which arrived at
Singapore about September 15, reported
passing while in the open sea off the
west coast of the Hebrides, through
showers of volcanic ashes for two days.
GOING TO PROTECT
EMPEROR WILLIAM
Police Detective Commissioner Witt
mer Dispatched From Berlin
to the Orient.
BERLIN, Oct. IS.— Police Detective
Commissioner Wittmer has been dispatch
ed to the Orient for the special protection
of Emperor William.
A number of Oerman newspapers de
mand that special measures be taken
against anarchists in Germany, in conse
quence of the discovery at Alexandria of
the plot to assassinate Emperor William
and King Humbert of Italy.
DIED FROM EATING
POISONED FOOD
Fate of Aged Mrs. Rus
sell at Fresno.
NARROW ESCAPE OF HER SON
PARTOOK OF BOTH MTTSH AND
CANNED OYSTERS.
Mush Made of Refuse Meal by the
Old Lady, Whose Son Had
Bought It for Chicken
Feed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESIw, Oct. 18.— An old lady, Mrs.
Resilla Russell, died at her home on
Harvey avenue, Belmont Addition, this ;
evening from the effects of eating
poisoned food. It is not known whether
her death was due to the eating of
tainted oysters or poisonous mush. It
is quite evident, however, that her
death was paused by partaking of ;
either the oysters or the mush, as she
became deathly sick shortly after
breakfast and an invalid son of the old
lady was similarly affected, but in his
case the illness was of a milder form.
Last night one of her sons brought
home from a restaurant some canned
oysters. The can had been opened and
a quantity of the contents used. The j
son thought, that the remainder would j
be nice for his aged mother. It is quite
likely that the oysters became tainted
on account of their exposure to the air.
It might have been the mush, however,
that was the death-dealing food, as one
of the sons had bought the meal, which
was refuse stuff, for chicken food. He
did not intend that it should have been
cooked, but he placed it where his
mother saw it and as she was near
sighted she made mush of it, which she
and the son who was taken sick ate.
She died several hours afterward.
ANGUS E. CAMERON PEAT).
Was Long a Resident of San Jose and
Leaves a Large Estate.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 18.— Angus E. Cameron
died here to-day, aged S3. He was a na
tive of New York, but had resided In this
State twenty-seven years. He leaves no
known relatives, and the Coroner has
taken charge of his effects. He leaves
some property, just how much is not
known, though It Is stated that It
amounts to as much as $30,000 or $40,000.
middle-of-the-week we make a strong feature of
attractions: table linen and domestics
we can say without any fear
of contradiction that every
item mentioned here is sold
as close as any firm can sell
"good goods" ; look them
over
tVlT»<ao 10 ° dozen children's !
till CO —school ho3e, heavy I
hnciflPV • quality, corduroy !
IlOSiery • ribbed, garter top. j
flttr»BPtinnc fast black , an
dllldUHUlla seamless. spliced
heels and toes, sizes 6to — lOC
120 dozen misses' blaok fine maco cot- ;
ton hose, narrow ribbed, spliced heels
and toes, double soles, fast
•color and seamless, sizes 6 Af\Zn
to 10 IU3O
85 dozen boys' black hose, extra i
heavy quality of fine maco cotton, i
silk finish, narrow ribbed, double |
knees, extra spliced heels and toes,
fast color and seamless, sizes \Q«
6 to 10........ IVK*
Q++r»o/>tinnc 200 ° yards. 17-lnch |
aiiraCUOnS wide toweling, all I
» •Prt*. Via linen, bleached, red
lOr LlltJ bor6>6r, .5 yards to
Viniicowiffi each customer as
nousewiie long as It k p V ri
lasts. .01/-JU
50 dozen Turkish towels, unbleached,
21x41 Inches, heavy quality, ab- \\n
sorbent - xxv
Fruit of the Loom muslin, 36 Inches
wide, bleached, per yard Qq
1052 pillow cases, hemmed, heavy '•
quality muslin, with a 2-inch hem. ;
45x36 inches, each 7c i
50x36 Inches, each -9c j
64x36 inches, each .lie j
75 pairs white blankets, 60x74 Inches, ;
heavy, fleecy, sort that sells • uick,
pink and blue borders take _ \
an early look at them, per fIM 35
pair *♦**•**** i
handkerchief •£«*
Sale display
61 dozen ■ ladies' swiss embroidered !
scalloped edge, embroidered with lace j
edge and Marie Antoinette lace IQr» |
borders, each • * . w j
61 dozen ladies' swiss embroidered
scalloped edge handkerchiefs.. £q
117 dozen ladles' union linen embroid-
ered, scalloped and gage, of hem-
stitched borders, bought by the thou-
sand and not boxed, bought to \A.n
give you special value iTI "
937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market St-
HON. D. E. McKINLAY
WILL ADDRESS THE PEOPLE ON
protection
singlFtax
• AT
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
TONIGHT!
MECHANICS AND LABORING MEN
SPECIALLY INVITED.
MISSION NATIVE SONS' HALL,
SEVENTEENTH' ST., NEAR VALENCIA.
HON. C. L PATTON,
HON. W. F. FITZGERALD,
HON. D. J. MURPHY
and" OTHER speakers.
TO=NIGHT!
FOR . . .
PUBLIC.
ADMINISTRATOR,
A. C. FEEESE
INDEPENDENT
NOMINEE.
FOR ASSESSOR,
JOHN D. SIEBE
(PRESENT INCUMBENT),
REPUBLICAN. , NON-PARTISAN A2O POP-
, ULIST NOMINEE. •' - '
W Iff •¥ ■ FOR
S fcH I COUNTY CLERK,
WFon
COUNTY CLERK,
M. A. DEANE,
f f - REGULAR ,
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
FOR RAILROAD COMMISSIONER, . .
CHAS.S.LAUMEISTEK
- REPUBLICAN NOMINEE. ;
VOTE FOR... .
DR. C. C. O'DONNBLL
FOR CORONER
• AND THE DEAD WILL BE RESPECTED.
Siperior conn... BfIODEu^OEDEN
• (INCUMBENT.)
DEMOCRATIC. > NON-PARTISAN 1 AND PEO-
y ; ,; PLE'S PARTY NOMINEE.. ,
DR. : ED. 18. HILL
'\'\ .: : :.- : : Fop CORONER. .-^ii^^Hl
REQULAR DEMOCRATIC AND • PEOPLE' 3
PARTY NOMINEE. . •
erantc' unlaundered, of good ahlrt-
6 clil ° ing muslin, reinforced "back
cVnr»tc an< front - all-linen bosom,
31111 to linen neckband and cuff-
bands, in all size collars but 16; 100
dozen, we use a strong adjective here,
they are magnificent shirts for OC«->
a quarter £tO\j
:■■'■ : ;.*.'(\-<s : *i.''''S •>*;■■ si?-.
"FsiTimr we P u on sale to-day
ldlll/jr twenty varieties of 50c
cuitinrrc fall suitings in poplins.
ouiuugo fancy traver suitings,
fancy checks, matalasse effects,
plaids, etc., see display in P^Cin
aisle 1 -.. OUL
rIT>ACC we sell an . extraordinarily
Ul CbO good Silesia in all
linings colors for ............. Bic
£ we offer the 20c quality at
Hale's price 15c
a black wool moreen QR n
OUU
our dress goods novelties work hand
in hand with the latest there is in
linings.
"".—■ "•{. ' "-", ".'
cillr black bengallne Bilks for
oiixv ladies' costumes or separate
ltomc skirts, we are showing ex-
ILCllia cellent values in 19 and CM
20 inch widths, per yard *P*
black moire velour silks for fall and
winter wear; we offer these in chev-
ron effects in addition to large moire
designs, 22 inch wide, per yard.. CM
ixnnrl_iir» we've hit on a handy
Wlliu up an( eaS y way of let
nftViP ting you buy quickly
01 me the odds and ends o
Pnnlr tne Cook crockery
\j\j\jx\. stock, we've made up
r»T>nf>lrAT>'U' four tables, as follows:
LrlUt/tt.Ol,y 3c, 5 Cf 10c and 15c. 3c
ctnr>lr table contains glass
aLUCrv fruit dishes, decorated
fruit saucers, after dinner coffee cups
and saucers, individual platters and
vegetable dishes, egg cups, pepper
and salt shakers. 5c table offers glass
sugar sifter, oil jugs, milk pitchers.
sugar bowls, gold band mugs, 5-inch
bakers and platters. The 10c and 16c
tables offer equal inducements.
DEMOCRATIC
IIEMOCRATIC
DISTRICTMEETINfiS.
AYOR PHELAN,
FRANKLIN K. LANE,
BARCLAY HENLEY
AND OTHER PROMINENT SPEAKERS
WILL. ADDRESS THE VOTERS ON THH
ISSUES OP THE DAY ON
WEDNESDAY, OCT. 19,
' , . ; . J AT—— * :
■ Thirty-sixth— Hall, 1004 Twenty-
fourth St. - . . '. . . ■
Forty-tlrst— Lodge Hall, Polk and Sacramento
BtS.
Thirty-second— Grand Central Hotal, Third
et., between Bryant and Brannan.
Under the auspices of the Democratic City and
County Committee. -
M. JASPER MCDONALD. Chairman.
THOMAS J. WALSH, Secretary..
FOR
MAYOR:
JAMES D. PHELAN,
- .
REGULAR
DEMOCRATIC
AND
/YON- ARTISAN '
NOMINEE.
FOR...
SHERIFF,
T. F. BONNET,
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND NON-
PARTISAN NOMINEE. .
FOR AUDITOR. . .
JOHN H. GRADY
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND ' PEOPLE'S
■: . PARTY NOMINEE. ' .
Slairtfc VITALIS
, n T&Sir 91*% THE NEW
ITir 10! D»y. ■^a— V *k| if ItC II VII 1
VITALIS 2Othp "- jSL Jm Dciicnv
PBOdFcRS TIIK ABOTB 30th Day. IlknlCUlll
RESILTB. It qitirkl & jnrely remorn HernmsneM, Impotency,
HiShtly F.mlMion", Evil Dreams Wasting Di«»»e» aod all affects
at self»bnse or exews and lnfiiscretion. Rertorei Lost Vitality,
Power and Fulling Memory. Wards off Insanity and Cotisnmi*
tion. Cores when all others fail. Insist on haling TITALIS,
□o other. Can be carried in the Test pocket. By mad 1.00
per package or six for 95.00 with a gnarnntee to Care «r
R'yiiid the Money. firmlar Free. - Addresi
CALI MET ClItK CO., 884 I)enrl»orn St., CUeac*
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. P.. and Oakland.
SaiERCE'S
JL*& FAVORITE .
Ikescripiwn
JL. FOR WEAK WOMEN.
T>T>TTCIII7C FOR barbers, BAJC-
OriU aJXlilkJ era, bootblacks, bata-
uiiuwxiuw house*, billiard table*,
brewers, bookbinder*, candy- makerm. ■ -nnan.
dyer*,-. flourmill*. : foundries, h laundrte«, paper-
hangers, - ■ printer*. - painters. • «ho« v - faetortatw'
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanner*, tailors. «tc. 7
.. . BUCHANAN BROB., : t >
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sa«ram*«*« ■•*
34
GAGE GREETED
WITH GREAT
ENTHUSIASM
Sacramentans More Than Ea^er
to Listen to the Republican
Leader.
Discussed the Gubernatorial Nominee of the
Parties of Confusion and Exposed His
Treacherous Record.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 18.— Henry T.
Gage, Republican nominee for Gover
nor, arrived in the capital city of Cali
fornia at 3 o'clock this afternoon. He
came from the mountain counties of
Calaveras and Amador, where the
meetings surpassed all previous politi
cal demonstrations in that region.
The enthusiasm for the Republican i
standard bearer was not confined to the !
meetings, but was exhibited by the j
people as Mr. Gage journeyed through j
the Sacramento Valley to-day.
Among the miners in the mountains, i
as among the farmers and fruit grow
ers of the San Joaquin Valley, he
gained outspoken supporters by reason
of his manly and unassuming manner i
In meeting and talking with the peo- j
pie. Mr. Gage is the kind of a man
that the masses respect. They recog
nize in him a man of the people, dif- j
ferent from the office-holding aristo
crats who have grown sleek and fat at
the public treasury.
The tour of the Sacramento Valley
opens under the most favorable aus
pices. In expectation of the coming
of the standard bearer the Republican
organization made ready to receive j
him, but no one anticipated that the
reception would take the form of a
great popular uprising, such as was ex- j
hibited in Sacramento to-night.
A committee of leading Republicans ;
went down the road to Gait and there j
met the standard bearer on his return j
from the mountains. Immediately on j
his arrival at Sacramento he was es- !
corted to the Golden Eagle Hotel. An
informal reception lasting two hours, !
from 3 o'clock until 5, was held at the \
hoteL Seven or eight hundred citi- i
zens of the capital city clasped the i
hand of the man of the people.
So many came that Mr. Gage barely
had time to exchange a word with each
comer. Before dark delegations began j
to arrive in Sacramento from Folsom, i
Gait, Davisville and other places. It j
became apparent to the committee that \
the pavilion on Sixth street would not !
hold or begin to hold the vast multl- j
tude that was beginning to assemble j
to cheer the Republican standard- j
bearer and listen to the eloquence of i
the matchless orator, General W. H. L. j
Barnes.
Among the Republican organizations j
that participated in the procession
which escorted Gage and Barnes to the j
pavilion were: State Capital McKinley j
Club, W. G. Govan, president; Army j
and Navy Republican League, Colonel j
George M. Mott, commander; Resolute
Club, Major W. H. Sherburn and Harry i
Rogers, president and vice president; I
Club of Ninety-Eight, F. F. Tebbets,
president; First Ward Club, W r . A. An- j
derson, president; Second Ward Club,
George Staacks; Third Ward Club,
William Hall; Fourth Ward Club, Wil
liam Avery; Fifth W r ard Club; Sixth
Ward Club, James Henderson; Seventh
Ward Club, W. D. Knight; Eighth
Ward Club, Thomas James; Ninth
Ward Club. J. H. Dolan; Oak Park
Club, L. S. Gertner; Gait Republican
Club, F. H. Harvey, president; Folsom
Republican Club, Captain Murphy;
Central Republican Club, Sacramento,
F. R. Dray.
The procession was handled by
George H. Clark, grand marshal.
The marching clubs in line. steDDine !
to the music of brass bands and drum
corps and saluted by the cheers of
thousands and thousands of spectators ;
who lined the street on either side of
the route, inspired the Republicans of
the capital. Rockets, red fire, banners I
and transparencies were features of I
the great demonstration. While count
less hundreds were viewing the parade J
those who knew a thing or two about i
the limited capacity of the old pavilion
went there early and secured seats.
When the head of the column reached
Sixth and M streets every chair in the
house was occupied and standing room
was at a premium. Later thousands
sought to gain admission, but they
were turned away. "An overflow meet
ing on Sixth street, near the pavilion,
was large and enthusiastic. It is esti
mated that 5000 people assembled on
the street near the pavilion entrance.
The vast assemblage in the pavilion
was called to order by A. J. Bruner.
chairman of the Republican County
Central Committee. He named as pres
ident of the occasion Captain W. H.
Stamens, commander of the Army and
Navy Republican League of California,
under the auspices of which the meet-
Ing was called. Mr. Bruner read the
followin- list of vice presidents:
Following are the names of the vice
presidents of the meeting:
L. Tozer, !C. M. Campbell,
N. H. Murray, S. Stone,
E. F. Lewis, Frank Coombs,
J. S. Jones, '3. Avery,
George W Ficks, <H. W. Har
George M. Mott, i William Pftiman,
E. L. Hawk, T. Koeniiig,
J. C. Carroll, ,T. James,
S. I. Hookins, F. R. Dray,
W. M. Sfms, C. H. Cummingß,
A. B. Ashley, T. L. Ragruian,
George W. Herr, T. Heffernan,
L. w. Grothen, L. L. Lewis,
W. H. Ambrose, F. W. Mahle,
M. E. Gates, M. J. Curtis,
William Land, John Butler, Folsom
E. C. Atkinson, J. Klnney, Folsom,
Fred Yoerk, J. Miller, Folsom,
Wllli.am Sena I *, J. Hyman, Folsom,
D. A. Lindley, C. W. Hasklns, Re-
A. Melster, presa,
H. Bennett, Charles Matheson,
W. B. Davis, Represa,
W. M. Jenks, F. 8. Sandford, Or-
L. D. Wilgus, angevale,
Valentine Drescmer, D. Smith, Natoma,
T. W. Sheehan, J. Hinters, Perkins,
S. L. Richards, N. Shaver, Routiers
C. Kellogg, R. Storey, Hang-
J. W. Lindner, town,
Will Kellogg, James Whitaker,
Ed M. Sheehan, Gait,
W.*H. H. Willey, J. K. McKinstry,
G. Vogelsang, I Gait,
A. A. Daasonville, 'A. A. Clough. Gait,
ADVEBTISEMLfiNTS.
Pears'
Do you know' the
most luxurious bath
in the world ?
Have you used
Pears' Soap?
J. S. Easterbrooks, IF. H. Harvey, Gait,
A. Heilbron, 'John Brewster.Galt,
Joseph Steffens, J. J. Campbell, Gait,
W. J. Hall, S. C. McClaughry,
Benjamin welch, Gait,
Stephen Uren, William Lamport,
I. A. Robie, J. H. Dolan,
C. A. Luhra, F. R. Dray,
A. A. Van voorhles, J. Steffens,
T. L. Enrigrht, J. F. Brown,
J. M. Henderson, C. M. Beckwith,
C. K. Lipman, L. T. Hatfleld,
Herman Fisher, W. F. George,
S. Luke Howe, L. L. Lewis,
Dr. F. F. Tebbitts, W. F. Geary,
Frank Kreba, Judge Catlin,
W. A. Anderson, Gus Lavenson,
Dr. Huntlngton, George H. Clark,
A. Elkuß, F. F. Thompson,
W. F. Peterson, Robert T. Devlin,
A. A. Becker, H. G. Smith,
Dr. Atkinson, J. M. Avery,
C. J. Newman, C. N. Post,
George Stack, J. G. Martin*.
Charles BaJne,
Captain W. H. Seamans, commander
of the Army and Navy Republican
League, spoke as follows:
Mr. chairman, comrades, ladies and
gentlemen: By the courtesy of the Coun
ty Central Committee, this meeting is
held under the auspices of the Army and
Navy Republican League. It is for this
reason, I suppose, that the chairman of
the committee has invited me, as the
head of the State League, to preside and
introduce the speakers of the evening.
The organization is a political one and
numbers more than 5000 active working
members in the State of California, and I
may say, fairly represents more than
nine-tenths of the 15,000 Union Veterans
In the State, who, with their family con
nections, will cast 20,000 votes at the com
ing election and place our friend Henry
T. Gage in the gubernatorial chair.
I am not expected to make a speech on
this occasion, and I shall not attempt It,
but I desire to say a word to my com
rades, many of whom 1 see in the audl-
Comrades, did it ever occur to you,
while fighting the battles of your coun
try upon land and upon sea, while in the
Bilent watches of the night froiy your
midnight bivouac you were thinking 1 of
home and friends, while suffering in nos
pitals or starving in Libby and Ander
sonville, that you would ever find an
American citizen so lost to all patriotic
sentiment and grateful remembrance aa
to assail your citizenship, apply to the
courts to disfranchise you and place you
upon the plane of paupers because by
virtu© of wounds and disease incurred in
the service of your country, or from the <
infirmities of age, you might feel con- j
strained to accept the home provided for |
you by a beneficent government, where i
you might spend the remnant of your I
days in peace and comfort.
Huwever incredible it may appear to
you such a man has been found within
the limits of our own State, in a Demo- j
cratic leader who lives in Los Angeles !
County, where he has brought an action j
in the courts, which is now pending, to
disfranchise the Inmates of the National
Home at Santa Monica. Why? Because a
majority of our comrades there are Re
publicans and vote the Republican ticket.
Tiiis Democratic statesman aspires to
represent you in the upper house of Con
gress as the successor of the Hon. Stephen I
M. White should, by any possibility, I
the Democratic ticket be successful- at |
the coming election. Do you want him to
succeed?
My fellow-citizens, who are these men
that this Democratic leader would thus
rob of their citizenship; a right dear to
the heart of every old soldier? "They are
those who fought with Grant in the West;
who rode with Sheridan in the valley;
who marched with Sherman to the sea;
who were with Farragut, the invincible,
when he took his fleet of wooden ships
through that cyclone of shot and shell at
New Orleans, past the frowning batteries
of Vicksburg and Fort Hudson and into
the harbor of Mobile, teaching a lesson
in naval warfare which has enabled the
gallant Dewey, his lieutenant, to anni
hilate the Spanish fleet before Manila;
and Sampson, Schley, Clark of tho
Oregon, and fighting Bob Evans to sweep,
as with a West India hurricane. Cervera
and his ships from the face of the Carib
bean Bea.
They are thase who were at Gettys
burg, Petersburg, Chickamauga, Chan
cellorsville, Antietam, Shiloh and
Cold Harbor on that memorable
day in June, 1864, when 10,000 went
down in twenty minutes, and many
of them were participants in a hundred
other battles. These were no skirmishes,
but battles royal, in twelve of which 188,
000 men were lost to the Union arms.
This was war, grim-visaged- war, in which
350,000 of our comrades laid down their
lives and twice as many more were
maimed for life to the end that the na
tion might live.
Now, comrades, in these piping times
of peace, for the Spanish war is practi
cally over, you have duties to perform as
citizens only less important than those
rendered by you as soldiers of the repu
llc. and if you do your duty to your com
rades and to yourselves now as well as
you did it then you will relegate, this
Democratic statesman to private life and
save the State of California to the Re
publican party by your votes, on thft Bth
day of November, 1898, as you saved the
nation by your bayonets at Appomattox
on the 9th day of April, 1865. Will you do
it?
In closing, Captain Seamens intro
duced Henry T. Gage. The audience
responded with tremendous shouts of
applause and prolonged demonstrations
of welcome. When the tumult subsided
the standard bearer thanked the people
of Sacramento for the magnificent re
ception. He said he did not take the
greeting as personal, but regarded it as
an exhibition of the devotion of the
people to Republican principles.
There was an unmistakable design on
the part of persons in the pavilion, near
the entrance, to embarrass Mr. Gage
with noise and talking. Chairman Sea
mens, observing the interruptions, said
a few words to the audience, asking
that the privilege of talking be granted
exclusively to the regularly appointed
speakers.
Mr. Gage, after dwelling upon the
prospects of a great victory at the polls
on the Bth of November, proceeded to
v discussion of single tax problems. The
points against Maguire's pet scheme
were made in a style that challenged
the attention of his hearers and called
forth rounds of applause.
In a forcible manner Mr. Gage re
pelled Maguire's assault on the In
tegrity of the Republican State conven
tion.
The railroad settlement question was
considered and the Congressional Rec
ord produced to sustain the assertion
that Maguire did not object to the set
tlement at the time when objection
would have defeated the measure. Mr.
Gage did not ask the people to take his
word for this declaration, but invited
particular attention to the debate in
Congress. The points in this regard
were presented here in Sacramento as
they were in Los Angeles, San Diego,
Fresno, Stockton and other cities. Mr.
Gage dwelt -with special emphasis on
the fact that Senators Morgan and
White, recognized Democratic leaders,
scanned the measure carefully and sug
gested an amendment to give it greater
strength, and that the amendment so
perfected received the unanimous sup
port of every Republican, Democrat and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1898.
Populist in the United States Senate.
Here, as elsewhere, the people listened
with profound attention to the story of
Maguire's double-dealing on the rail
road question.
In closing his masterly address the
standard-bearer talked in the plainest
fashion to the audience. He assured
the people that he would give them a
fearless, economic and clean adminis
tration. The assemblage applauded the
sentiments expressed in the promise.
The Sacramento Athletic Club Quar
tet entertained the audience and re
sponded to an encore. .
General W. H. L. Barnes was greeted
in a most cordial and enthusiastic man
ner by the vast audience.
After paying his respects to Judge
Maguire in a fashion that evoked peals
of laughter at the expense of the office
holding giant, allusion was made to
Maguire's refusal to discuss the money
question or the platforms which he
straddled; it was said that he simply
shouted railroad and sat on the fence
howling at the cars and making faces
at the conductor.
Maguire crankism engaged the atten
tion of the eloquent exponent of true
Republicanism, and the danger was in
dicated of electin- to high office of
Governor one who entertained sym
pathy and admiration for anarchists.
The beautiful word painting, the elo
quent tributes to American institutions,
and the noble flights of oratory which
distinguished the efforts of the speaker
in his recent Southern California tour
were features of his splendid speech at
the pavilion to-night. He inspired the
audience to a high degree of enthusi
asm. He closed with a superb perora
tion on the love of country, and won
mighty rounds of applause.
The meeting inside adjourned with
great cheers for Gage and xsefr ana w.
H. L. Barnes. ,
The outdoor meeting was addressed
by local talent. In every respect the
demonstration to-night far surpassed
the fusion gathering at the pavilion last
Saturday night. Not more than three
thousand people assembled to hear Ma
guire and Hutchlnson. It is estimated
than ten thousand people sought to
hear Gage and Barnes to-night, lhat
number assembled at Sixth and M
streets, hoping to gain admission to the
pavilion. The success of the demon
stration has inspired Republicans with
renewed confidence and zeal.
Gage and Barnes go to Auburn to
morrow. ________——
BIG DEMONSTRATION BY
POMONA REPUBLICANS
Largest Assemblage in the History
of the City Listens to Elo
quent Speakers.
POMONA. Oct. IS.-No political meeting
in Pomona Valley has ever compared with
that held here this evening by the Gage
and Neff Republican Club of Pomona. It
was the biggest and most enthusiastic
assemblage ever grouped in this locality.
Henry T. Gage has been known intimately
by hundreds of Pomona citizens for near
ly a quarter of a century, and no candi
date for political office was ever so uni
versally and thoroughly popular in Po
mona Valley as he. It has therefore been
an easy task to get up a mammoth meet-
Ing here for him and the whole Republi-
When the special train from Pasadena
bearing the famous Republican marchinff
club, the Americus, rolled Into Pomona
station, there was a roar ot saluting
cannon and cheers by the multitude.
From sunset till after 7 o'clock people
came into Pomona city by every rural
road and every sort of vehicle. The bu.si-
I ness streets were packed when the parade
! of the Americus Club and local Republi-
I cans clubs took place. As the white unt
! formed company proceeded down the
I streets a storm of hand clapping by the
jostling throngs of spectators accompan
ied the marchers.
Because the Pomona Opera House was too
small to hoid oven a fraction of the multl
! tude of people who had come to attend
i the meeting a large circus tent had been
hired, and when Chairman Albert Dolo
rose to call the meeting to order the tent
was jammed and packed with men and
women. So large an audience had never
before been seen here. Hundreds of men j
could not get ntarer than twenty foet of
the large tent and went home.
Russell J. Waters, Republican candidate
for Congress in the Sixth District, spoke
i half an hour on the issues in his canvass.
i Several times he was so tumultuously
cheered that he had to cease speaking for
a full minute or more. .
Will H. Harris, who has been
a lifelong Democrat and an old
Democratic stump speaker in Southern
California and who now supports the
whole Republican ticket, had such a
demonstration and enthusiastic reception
that he could hardly proceed with his
speech When in an eloquent passage he
referred to the President the multitude
rose and cheered and yelled for several
minutes.
FUSION AT LOS ANGELES.
Badly Mixed Ticket Put TJp by the
City Convention.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 18.— The city con
ventions of the Democrats, Populists and
Silver Republicans completed their labors
to-day, with the exception of nominating
a candidate for Councilman from the
Third Ward, which will be taken up to
morrow. The fusion ticket is as follows:
Mayor, M. P. Snyder (D.); City Clerk,
C. H. Hance CD.); City Attorney, C. C.
Wright (D.); City Engineer, J. H. Dcck
weiler (D.); Superintendent of Streets,
Clarence Koleter (D.); Treasurer, Jay
Winans (Sil. R.>; Assessor, Frank Wal
ker (Sil. R.); Tax Collector, George Har
lan (P.); Auditor, C. J- Dahl (P.): Board
of Education W. J. Washburn (Sil. R.),
A. C. Summers (D.), D. Sens (D.), C. L.
Davis indorsed (R.), Irving Blinn (D.),
Norman Schanz (P.), S. W. Hawkins
(Sil. R.), Adolph Ramish (DJ, George W.
Slmonton (DJ ; City Council,. Henry de
Germo (Sil. R.), L. C. Tyler (D.), C. E.
Huber (D.), Willard Stimson (D.), George
D. Pessell (D.J, Will E. Keller (D.), Rob
ert A. Todd (D.), L. V. Glasscock (P.).
TO REOPEN A GREAT REGISTER
Derelict Voters of San Joaquin to Be
Given a Chance.
STOCKTON, Oct. 18.— The great regis
ter of San Joaquin County must be re
opened. That was the decision rendered
this afternoon by Judge Jones in the pe
tition brought nominally by Milton Jack
son Johnson against the County Clerk for
a writ of mandate compelling him to en
ter the petitioner's name on the great
book of the county.
This decision opens up the way to the
registration of 128 names now filed await
ing the court's action. It is estimated
that 150 more names will be handed in.
The register will be reopened at 9 o'clock
to-morrow morning and continue open
until 5 o'clock p. m. next Monday.
SOLANO TEACHERS AGAINST IT
Oppose the Seventh Amendment to
the State Constitution.
SUISUN, Oct. 18.— The Solano County
Teachers' Institute has passed a resolu
tion opposing the seventh amendment to
the constitution of the State of California,
proposed for adoption this year. The
teachers believe that the amendment was
proposed in the interests of education, but
hold that an opposite effect wili result in
Its adoption and that the entire State
school system will suffer a serious in
jury.
Big Republican Bally at Eureka.
EUREKA, Oct. 18.— Hon. A. L. Hart and
Hon. Tirey L. Ford, the latter a candi
date for Attorney General, who are
stumping this county for the Republican
ticket, addressed an immense audience at
Occidental Pavilion this evening. Ttteir
itinerary closes in this county Saturday.
They have been greeted by large assem
blages and made a favorable impression
wherever they have spoken.
BURNED TO DEATH.
Shocking Fate of an Aged Woman
at Petaluma.
PETALITMA, Oct. IS.— Last night while
Mrs. L. Brock, an aged woman residing
in thin city, waa working about her yard
her clothes took fire and before she could
do anything the flames enveloped her
completely. She rushed into the house,
Betting fire to the building. The prompt
arrival of neighbors resulted in the ex
tlnfruishlng of the flames, but it was too
late to save the sufferer, who died dur
ing the night.
EDITOR BRETZ
FAVORS THE
GAGE TICKET
Best Way to Defeat
the Fusionists,
TEAGUE HAS DRAWN OUT
HAS NO DESIRE TO DEFEAT A
REPUBLICAN.
On Saturday Evening the Alliance
Will Swell the Procession at
the San Jose Demon
stration.
Oakland Office San Francisc Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 18.
Ex-Assemblyman Bretz, who has al
ways been a stalwart Populist, swerving
neither to the right nor to the left, has
openly advised his party to transfer their
votes to Henry T. Gage. In his paper.
Industry, he publishes the following sig
nificant editorial:
Before fusion killed the People's Party the
Socialists could find no sayings slanderous
enough to apply to the party. They strove
equally hard with the fusionists and Demo
crats to kill us. Now what will we do, go
to either the fusionists or s-oclalists?
No, no! Long may the Socialists live, but let
us Join the Republicans tn the warfare against
the sinful combine — fusion.
Some Populists say we will now vote the
Socialist ticket. Not this year, boya. A vote
for the Socialist ticket helps the fUßionists.
Kill fusion this campaign by voting the Re
publican ticket and vote Socialism after fusion
Is dead.
God speed Socialism, but kill fusion first.
So vote the Republican ticket, as bad as you
hate the gold bugs.
Kill fusion, If it is the last act of your life.
There is only one way of doing it— vote the
Republican ticket.
The Republican Alliance of Oakland will
go to San Jose next Saturday evening to
take part In a big demonstration at that
city. After the parade and meeting there
will be a banquet to the visitors and the
following day an excursion to Santa
Cruz.
Benjamin James of Brooklyn Township
has filed his petition to be placed on the
ballot as the Independent candidate for
Conßtable.
Mr. Bennett, a Democratic candidate
for the Assembly, has made some state
ments about Assemblyman Howard
Wright Mr. Bennett challenged Mr.
Wright to a debate, but Mr. Wright paid
no attention to it, telling his friends that
Mr Bennett had the same privilege as
he (Wright) had of expressing himself to
the voters, and that the latter were in
telligent enough to make a choice. Re
garding the criticisms of Bennett on the
university revenue bill, the Enquirer says
to-night:
Assemblyman Wright not only introduced the
bill but labored effectively for its passage. He
was indefatigable In getting it approved by
committees and In > smoothing down the objec
tions of members who were disposed to dispute
its passage. He worked as faithfully for the
University bill as an Assemblyman could work
for anything, and It Is a great mistake for My.
Bennett to try. to belittle the candidate against
him, especially in connection with this matter.
Aside from the University bill, Mr. ' Wright
made a record as a faithful member, and one
who was progressive, alert and Independent.
The voters of the Fifty-first District will do the
proper thing If they return Mr. Wright to the
Assembly.
John F. Teague, who was nominated at
the Independent Convention, has written
the following: -; ,. '■ ; .' , > 
Editor Morning Call : i Allow m« through the
columns of your valued Journal to notify the
electors of the Forty-ninth Assembly District
that I have ceased to be and am not' a candi
date for the office of 'member of the Assembly
from said district.
The reasons which move me to this decision
are as followB: I have been for the twenty
three years last past a stanch Republican, and
am Buch now, and If I were a member of the
next Legislature would vote for a Republican
United States Senator. .' . . I
After a careful canvass I am not satisfied
that I can be elected, while, on the other hand,
my candidacy might have the effect of defeat-
Ing the Republican candidate, A. A. McKeon,
and of electing a fusion candidate.
i I am bo thoroughly imbued v. th the prin
ciples of the Republican party and am such an
ardent admirer of Its record and policy, and of
Its great standard-bearer, William McKlnley,
that I will not by any ambition o* my own.
make It possible . for one to be elected who
would not firmly support his '. policy and that
of the ReDUbllcan Darty. ■.
JOHN F. TEAGUEJ.
Sewer Bonds for Polo Alto.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 18.— Palo Alto voted
to-day on the Issue of $40,000 sewer bonds,
ISO for to 6 against.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ManiWPower
Restored by Prof. Jules Laborde's Marvelous
French Preparation of Calthos.
FULL 6-DAYS TREATMENT FREE
BY SEALED MAIL.
No C. O. D. or Deposit Scheme.
All persons who suffer from the harrowing
effects of nervous disease should write the
Yon Mohl Co., Cincinnati, Ohio, at onoe, and
receive by return mail their five days trial
treatment of "Calthos" free of charge. This
is no C. O. D. or DEPOSIT scheme, but a gen-
erous offer made to unfortunate sufferers by
this long-established concern, which is the
largest Importer of specifics for nervou3 and
sexual diseases in the world.
The Yon Mohl Co. have the sole American
rights for Prof. Laborde's French preparation
of "Calthos," the only remedy known to ad-
vanced medical Bdence that will positively
cure nervous debility In young or old men.
This remedy has for years been used as a
specific in the French and Germai* armies:
and • slnoe Its Introduction into the United
States its remarkable success In Europe has
been repeated in this country. Lost vitality
creeps upon men unawares. Do not deceive
yourself or remain in ignorance while you are
being dragrgred down by this insidious disease.
No matter whether this weakness is caused
WILL MAKE
THE FIGHT ON
REAL ISSUES
Republican Campaign
Plan Complete.
SPEAKERS IN THE FIELD
WILL NOT PLAY ON PASSIONS
OB PREJUDICES.
Charles L. Patton and D. A. McKln
lay Will Speak at a Mass
Meeting To-Night at Me
tropolitan. Sail.
The executive committee of the Repub
lican State Central Committee and the
campaign committee of the County Com
mittee have now completed their plans
for enlightening the voters on the real
issues of the campaign. Both the local
and State committees are working in har
monious accord, and no voter will be able
to offer the excuse, if he votes wrong on
November 8, that he did not thoroughly
understand the issues involved. The Re
publican party is making a straight-out
and open nght. Every orator and every
candidate on the stump will tell the peo
ple just what the real issues of the fast
approaching battle of ballots portend.
There will be no playing on the passions
or prejudices of the voter. No false is
sues will be raised. The real and great
issues cf the campaign will be distinctly
and clearly set forth, so that all who
are anxious to be enlightened will receive
the information they seek.
The speakers will indulge in logic In
stead of misleading and blinding flights of
rhetoric. Every county in the State
will be visited by men of note who are
thoroughly acquainted with the political
situation of the day. Here in the city
the local candidates will expose the
methods of the "job chasers" who are
being led on to defeat by the master of
demagogues, James D. Phelan.
First Assistant Secretary of the Inte
rior Webster Davis, who is on a visit to
this State, will take the stump next week
and discuss the national Issues Involved
In the present State campaign. He Is
an able speaker and bears the record of
having never used his power of oratory
unless In the cause of right and justice.
He will speak at Sacramento on the 22d
inst.; Oakland, 24th; San Jose, 25th; Mo
desto, 26th; Frasno, 27th; Bakersneld,
2Sth, and at Woodward's Pavilion In this
city on the 31st.
A mass meeting will be held In Metro
politan Hall to-night, when Charles L.
Patton, the Republican nominee for
Mayor, D. A. McKJnlay and other promi
nent speakers will discuss the Issues of
the campaign. The meeting will be .pre
sided over by W. J. Brady of the Eureka
Boiler Works, who has heretofore been a
Democrat.
E. F. Preston, who accompanied Henry
T. Gage during his triumphal tour
through the San Joaquln Valley, will
speak on Friday night at Odd Fellows"
Hall.
BAIN IS BADLY NEEDED.
Southern California Climate and Crop
Bulletin.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 18.— The United
States Department of Agriculture, Cli
mate and Crop Bulletin of the Weather
Bureau for Southern California, for the
week ending October 17, IS9B, reports:
The weather was generally warm and
dry during the past week, except In some
of the coast sections, where morning fogs
occurred. The warm weather was bene
ficial to raisin making, but It was detri
mental to orchards, which are suffering in
some places, though in others oranges and
lemons are doing well under the unfavor
able weather conditions, and well-tilled
loam soil will yield a crop of fine fruit.
Farm work continues at a standstill and
will remain so until the much-needed
rains come generously and copiously.
State Supreme Court Adjourns.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 18.— The Supreme
Court adjourned to-day for the October
term, having completed its work for the
session. Most of the Justices went north
on the train to-night.
by early abuse, excesses or overwork and
business cares, the results are the same —
premature loss of strength and memory, emis-
sions, Impotency and enlarged veins (varlco-
cele) and diminutive parts. "Calthos" will
cure you at any stage before epilepsy results
with ensuing consumption and Insanity.
The beneficial effects of "Calthos" are felt
at once in the manner most desired, and the
remedy being of pure vegetable origin is
harmless to the most delicate person. It
greatly increases the circulation of the blood
through the small arteries, thereby generat-
ing immediately a warm exhilaration felt
from head to foot, that makes possible results
that have heretofore existed only In the Imagin-
ation; bringing to the married more perfect
union and harmony, and to the unmarried a
sense of new delights. It is a scientific fact
that a continuous rapid circulation of blood
through the smaller veins makes muscle and
Increased development in any part of the body
where this* condition can be induced. "Calthos"
acts directly at the seat of trouble, no matter
of how long standing, and restores strength and
vitality and develops the parts permanently and
naturally. All feeling!? or bashfulnesa and lack
of confidence toward the opposite sex are ban-
ished by this wonderful treatment, and a man
becomes thoroughly his own maeter by his full
control over his desires and actions.
The Yon Mohl Co. ia continually receiving
the most astonishing testimonials from per-
sons who have taken only five days' treatment
of "Calthos," and from thousands of others
who have been permanently cured after having
been given up by doctors, misled and ruined In
health by disreputable medical schemers and
when they had given up their last hop« for
health and happiness. Some Irresponsible ad-
vertisers are using "made-up" testimonials but
the Yon Mohl Co. invariably declines to make
public the names or correspondence of any na
tlents who have been cured by "Calthos " FTva
days' treatment of "Calthos' r will be piaced in
your hands free of cost by sealed mall and you
are earnestly urged for your own Bake to send
for it without delay. Write to-day and send
your address. It is not necessary to give em
barrassing details of your symptoms The book
•ent with the five days' treatment will enahla
you to take the medicine in private and treat
yourself at home. It coats nothing to try thi
remedy. It may coet you a great deal to let
this offer go by. Write to-day M
Address THE YON MOHL CO., IHB CIV
CINNATI. OHIO (Largest importers i of standl
ard preparations in the United States.)
ADVEBTISEMENT^ __^~____
'■.- '■■$ The Peace Coamusstoo* ■
@ In considering terms of Peace, it is of vital im- @
1 \ portance to remember that the largest piece and I*
§ the best piece — of really good chewing tobacco S
S in the world is the 10-cent piece of @
f PLUG
S Any discussion of pieces or comparison of brands
A can only result in the award of every claim to /s A
J America— and to Battle Ax. Try it to-day, y ' #
1 Pemember the name §
I ■SI when you buy again. |
SeaeaeeeeeAAAAAAAAAAAeAAA
. BAILIIOAD TRAVEL.
OOCTORBX r a vi vic COJIPAKT.
(rAOiriO B7STBM.)
Vralaia leave >uil nre due to arrive at
SAN ritAHCMtJO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
tt*v« — F&ok Oct. 9, 1898. — AftKrVa
•O:OOa Ntles, San Jose and Way gUUons... *Bi4Sa
T:OOa Benlci*, Bui»un and Sacramento 10i40a
7:«Oa MarTSTtlla, OroTllle and Bedding i*
Woodland 0i40»
7iooa Klmlra, VacarDl« and Eumney . 9:45f
. 7iS«a Martiiiex, San Ramon. Vallejo, Napa,
Callatora and SanU Rosa Bil3?
S:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogilen and Bast.. Bi4Sp
«iX«A S»u Joso, htockton. Valley Spring,
v >:-. lone, Sacramento, MHrj-srille,
Cblco, Tebama and Red 81uff.... 4il9r
St SO a Stockton, Oakdala and Jamestown.. 7ilSr
•Sisoa Mnton.T.;.... .:......- *?|IOP
S:OOa MartiQM, Trac/, Lathrop, Merecd '
sod Presno , ISilB?
iOOa Fresno, Bakenfleld, Santa Barbara,
- ' Ixts Angeles, - Oeming, £1 Paeo, .'
New Orlaana and Eaet «j4S*
Fresno, Mendots, Tracy and Mar- .
U0ez..... •«4Br
1O:OOa VaUeJo. Marttneis and Way Stations 7:-*3i-
•l:OOr Sucramento HiTer Steamers •»»OOp
■ ltOOp Niles. San Josa and Way Stations ... 11:43 a
Ban Jose, Nile* and Wai Station*... J»il»a
StflOr Nileg, Traoy, M«iidoU, Hanford and
Viaalla * 4:1 3p
....... UTermore, San Jose, Niles and Way
SUUona; .V!?. JI0:15a
4iOOr Hartlnez, Ban Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Callstoga, Xl Verano and -
SantaKosa »|1B»
«i*or ßenida, VacaTulo, Woodland. .',
Kuights Landing, MaryßTille, Oro-
Ttlle audSßcraiwento.. 10:49 a
«iSOr Haywards, Niles and San Joae. 7:43 a
8:00p Martln«s, Traoy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojavr, Santa liarbara and Los
Angel«s 8«45a
8iO»r Santa Vc Route, A Mautto Kxpress
for Mojare and Kast 6543p
Si3or Niles, San Jo«e, Traoy. Latbrop,
■ Meroed and Fresno. ........
5:30? Stockton l«:li»p
«tOOp European Mali, Ofden and East.... »:4!»*
•0:OOrValle]o 18:13r
J7iOop Vallejo, Port CosU and Way Sta-
tions t 4O
8:00r Oregon Kxprrnis.Hacramento, Marjß-
Tllle. Reiitline, l'ortlatid. fuget
Hniin.l ami Kaat ■■■■■■ SiIPA
' NAN JiKAMitiO A.-Sl* HlYttAKftS LOCAfi.
(Foot of Market Street.) - ■■•■■■■
' Helro.i*, SfmlniirT Park, (
SnOOA Flt*hhurs, Klmlinrnt. JtVi^
i»:OOA San l.fnnrlr... Koath Saa loljat
lO.OOa Leandro, f*(u.lil!9, l»-4nr
<Miooa ■ LorensA. Cherry • «ii 4.-s P
5221 H.rnards. (3:43p
7toor 4 Rnns ttrough t0 Nfles. 7:43p
) t From Nilea. - ' I.
' COAST HlVlslO.l (Narrow «au«e). ■"
(Foot of Market 3treet.< - ".
SilSa Centerrille, San Felton,
BoulderCreek,SantaOraxandW*y
a Stations ..' .;........... 0:5
•Silßr Newark, Centerrllle, San Jose New ' .■•■•-.
Almaden, Felton, Boulder C?r©ek,'
Santa Orus and Principal Way
Stations al9:3ftAa 19:3ftA
4<lsp Newark. San Jose and Los Gate*... 9:20 a
fll:4Sp Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations.. .-...V »7:20r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
mm six miSCiSCO— *f Muklt str«t(sii?B)—
♦7:15 9:00 '11:00 a.m. $1:00 *8:00 tJ:OO
•1:00 ; t3:00 '.-. •8:00 p.m.
Frtm 01IUSD— r»ot ofßrosdvij.— "fi-.00 8:00 10:00i.u.
tI2:00: *l:00 ; |2:00 *3:00 t*:00 -.'B^Or.M.
C'OAM DIVISION (Broad «aß(tej.
(Third and Townaend St».) -
7:00 a Ban .lone and VVnjr Stutlmiß (New ~"~~
Almaden Wednesdays only) liSOp
•■••a Sa» .Ii.»«, Trea Hlnm. Rauta Cms,
PaelHc Qtawa Pa»o Robles, San •
. : I.nis Ohlapo, (iiiadalupe, Snrf and ' .
C.'z'ml '» PrhiolpiU Way Sutlnus 4:101
IO:4Oa San .lour and Way SUtlons... •8:00 a
I1:3Oa San Jnga and Way Stations ,•.'." 8:83*
•a«4srSan Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
, ■ Palo Alto. Santa Clara. HanJuse,
Gllrny, Holli»ter, Santa Crui,
Salinas, Monterey ' and- FaoiUo *
' (irnre. ...... ....;.. ■.........,....;; *Iot3oi
•BiH«r Saii.toae and Way Stationa *Ot«H>A
«'12 m * n Jose and Prinoipal Way Stationa ©t43*
•3s««PBanJos«and Principal Way Stotions 6:33*
3:»Or San Joae and Principal Way Stations Bt3or
_ «t:tOp Sail Jo»« and Way SUttous.... 7:30|
.fU:43r San Joae and Way Stations 7i30l ;
11 A for Morning. *"p for Afternoon.
•Sundays excepted. t Bnndays only. t Saturdays «nlr
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
»«™, Vla Souaallto Ferry. :'
FROM aA.N FKAiNCio^o TO MILL VALLJET
,_^ • < ANDSAN RAFAEU "
8:45, 6:16, •6:00, 6:80 p. m. U:o<> - m - : n:a -
EXTRA TRIPS-For San Rafael on Monday.
ww < dd e d B and Saturdays at: 11:34 p. m. - ■
as^Ss?se?a u:B<> *- m - ; IB
Trains marked • ru'n'to San Qu«ntln,
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
anTteria^^:fc^P^-^
_Trains marked ♦ start from Ban Quentln.
WEEK T DATB^Jf T TO^SAN 4aNC%CO.
12 L E f &, ? : 50 Y9 s^o- p! m. t4s> 7M ' tA ° *• m ' !
an E d X S T a^a^a PP t 8 7:(S n p. J 5? Bd&y '' W -»»^
•iSoY^^V 100 - 10: oS *■ m- U:oe - im - •••*
.^ THROtIGH TRAINS .'
7:20 a. m. week Cazadero and tray Bta'ns,
1:« p. m. Saturdays— Mill* and way
■• ' ■- : -. • stations. ',--. ■■ v ••?*, •-. •-• --.•■«- ■-,-,  , *.
1:00 a. m. Sunday— Duncan Mills and way sta's.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWtt.
■ . • ■-'-. (Via bauballto F«rry.)
■J^?*"i? Sis FranoUO °* comm9n o»n«; Sunday.
Week Day»— a. m,, 1:45 p. m, .
Sundays-* :00, 10:00 ll:feo •a. m., lilß p, m. ' '
Round trlD from Mill ValUy, $1, : "^ .
BAHBOAD TBAVEL
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN' RY. CO.
-T~: t LESSEB ■
(AN FRARGISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
. . ' RAILWAY COMPANY.
. . ' Itbarea Fditj, Foot *f Market Sib
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:85,
»:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at l:o«
and 11:30 p. m. '■- '■'.'•'
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m.;'l:So, 1:10.
5:00, 6:20 p. m. • " '.?.:
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:60. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:46,
3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:56 and 6:35. p. m. ■->,•■
SUNDAYS— 8.40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, .3:40.
5:00, 6:25 p...m.-   .-ftj-Jy'-
"Between San Franchjco ~ and Schuetsen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave ' ' Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect Ban Francisco.
October 16,
Week ! Sun- 1898. Sun- Week
Days, j days. Destination. days. Days.
7:3oam! 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:3opmj 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:10 pmjlO:2s
6:lopm s:oopm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:22pm
Fulton,
7:Boam Windsor, 10:25 axa
. -- - Healdsburtr,
Ljtton,
Geyf>erv!lle. -
3:30 pm 8:00 am . Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Hopland and
7:3oam 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:S6pm 6:22pm
7:30 am > 10:25 am
. , 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:36 pm
8:30 pm 6:22 pra
7:3oam 8:00 Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
and
6:lopm 6:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:22pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10 :25 am
3:3opm 6:oopm 7:3s pm| 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Spring*; at Gey-
servllle for Skagxs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Sprints
Highland Springs, • Kelseyville. Carlsbad
Spring*, . Soda Bay, - Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley*B, Bucknell's.
Banhedrin Heights, Hullville, Booneville, Orr's
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Brage.
Westport, Usal. ' Willltts, Laytonville, Cum-
ming's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
: Saturday .to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.  ■ :* ■ •.- •■•
On Sundays . round 'trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st.. Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
. THE BEST RAILWAY, ,
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace *sleeptnft Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
- Run on tho Following Thnei
tiea-re San FrancJ«co.S:oo p. m., T. W.T.F.S.
Arrive Denver........ 5:00 p. m., "W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City. .7:oo a. m., T.FS.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Chicago. 8:00 p. m., T.F.S.B.M.T.\T.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
6erve Superior Meals [ at Very Reason-
able Rates. :
YOU WILL BE COMPQRTABLB
* , ' H You Travel on tb« Santa Pe.
sjii - micisco TinnlmcE— ia hahket si.
i . ; TELEPHONE MAIN 15M. :
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway,
1 Saorainonto Offioe^Bol Strwi
j San Jcsa Offioe— 7 West Santa Olara S*
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAH JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. n
From Oct. IU. 18i)i>. train* wIU run aa folia
; South-bound. ~~ North-bound,
Passen- Mixed. I Mixed, PaaßBQ -
rer. ' Sunday J u d^^*?'
Dolly. Exo'ptd Btatlon*. Exc'pta Daily.
I "9 -go am 9:35 am Btookton B:4spm 7:oo pra
11:10 am 12:60pm Meroed 12;§0pm s:lSpm
13:4upm 4:lspm ,F re nO . » : ?2 ara S^P™
1:38 cm 6:4Spm Hanford 7:45 am 2:4opm
i-ihhm ll:S9pm BakeraneW B:3o ami 12: 10
l:BSpm 7:50 pm , Vlgalia.: | 6:4oani[ jjiiilw
■ Btopplns at intermediate points aa requirtid,
•'» Connections— At Stockton with uteamboat* at
California Navlcatton and /mprevem«nt Com-,
eanv leaving San Franclaco at « p. m, dally,
excepting Sunday, and Stockton at 7ili p. m.
For stage enanectlons see efnciat tima tabl»
or inquire at trafno Manager Office, 921 Ma«-
k'et Btreet, San Franeiaou, _j ___^_
■.'.^rißSH^WaT B! * 61 " nen-petsflnot»j
( AW^%JI remedy for Uonorrhoea,
Jm^/^' CDUEbT^I Olwt, Spermatorrhoaa,
ggjjyl' inltos.iayi. Whites, natural dis-
MBmm Qa»ianteed ■ chargos, or ony infiafflm>
■M col to Btrletara, ™ tiou, irritatioa or alcera-
P> i^PraTecu cuu'.agion. tiou of muooui mera-
KSUTHEEvtNSCHEUIRuno. bransa. Kon-astringent.
VflLciNCimTi.o R I Sola i»y J>rnanyi«t«,
i«B^ V.B.X 2i§f>2 p Beat 'ln plain yrnwr,
J^EBaSsk^ J^W )>y express, prepaid, tot
%<fi^M^fln6fsPu eI.OQ. of S I'-.-itlA, 1a.74.
■ Oircaiar wn ou X*iu»i*4.GOVERNOR
BUDD SPEAKS
FOR HARMONY
Asks Democrats to
Forget Grievances.
FUTURE RELIEF PROMISED
MASS MEETING LAST NIGHT AT
METROPOLITAN HALL.
Walter M. Stradley Gave It as His
Belief That M. H. de Young
Is Seeking Senatorial
Honors.
A large nnd enthusiastic meeting was
held at Metropolitan Hall lust night un
d'-r the auspices of the Maguire Lreague of
Clubs. Governor James H. Budd was
cimlrman of the evening- and Walter P.
Stradley the orator of the occasion.
Stradley spoke for nearly two hours on
the State and national issues of the cam
paign as viewed from a Democratic
standpoint. He was frequently inter
rupted by outbursts of applause. Gov
ernor Budd made one of his usual happy
addresses, and received an ovation when
be appeared on the stage.
The meeting was called to order by
Oscar Hooks.
Alfred Donton Crldge of Hanford made
a brief addnss in which he predicted the
success of Maguire and James H. Barry
at the polls.
John P. Dunn, candidate for member of
the State Bi ard "f Equalization, was
next introduced, but had not proceeded !
far in his remarks when he was cut short I
by the arrival of Governor liudd, Walter
P. Stradley, William P. Lawlor, T. B.
Treacy and Charles H. Holcomb. presi
dent of the Maguire League of Clubs, j
Preceding- them was a band playing mar
tial airs, while behind them came sev
eral hundred members of the League un
der the marshalship of James D. Powers.
There was not sufficient room to accom
modate the new arrivals with seats, and
>f them were compelled to stand on
the platform and in the side a.
:: Governor Budd was Introduced
.irman, he was greeted with a storm {
*-rs. He said:
Well, It does not appear to me as though i
any soiit in the Democratic party has lost ue
any Democrats. [Applause.] This 1s the larg
est meeting that I In my exrorience have ever
seen gathered in or in the vlcintly of this hall.
[Applause.]
Later in the campaign I intend to address
the citizens of this city on the issues, at least
what I consider issues of the present campaign.
At the present time it is my duty to preside
over this meeting and introduce to you the
gentlemen selected to discuss those Issues to
night. There is one thins-, however, which con
cerns the Democratic party of this city more
than any other. We may differ upon methods
In the past; we may differ upon procedure that
ha« been had, but we are now. lined up b»
fore a common enemy and it Is the duty of
every man who claims that he* belongs to the
democratic party and holds its success dear to
his nrt to either get in behind the Demo
cratic banner or walk rut of the party forever.
Goverr.cr Budd thon addressed himself
to the Senatorial fight. He called special i
attention to the Importance of electing a
Democratic United States Senator.
Walter P. Stradley, who followed Gov
ernor Budd. dealt principally with the f
financial issues of the national campaign. |
He said that the Democratic party was |
In the right to stay until the> single gold I
standard was driven into the sea. He j
then said that the opposition was black- j
guarding- and vilifying James G. Ma- j
quire because they feared him. "If elect- !
el Governor," said he. "Judge Maguire i
will not be under corporation control or I
rule. He will give a government for the
people and by the people."
In dealing with the recent war with
Spain Stradley said that in his opinion it
was unavoidable and that it had been
fought by the American people on non
partisan lines.
Edward J. Woodman, candidate for
State Printer, and Edward L. Fitzgerald, j
nominee for Public Administrator, made !
ehort speeches, after which the meeting
adjourned with cheers for Budd, Stradley
and Maguire. "•■■.:•-•'■
MARTIN REPUBLICAN CLUB.
Flans of Organization Being Rapidly
Carried Out by the Members.
The Henry S. Martin Republican Club
ha-s nearly completed its plans of organ
ization, and when they are fully car
ried out the Republican candidate for
Sheriff will find himself backed by one of
the strongest individual political organi
zations in the city. At a meeting held
last evening In Native Sons' Hall there
were placed on record the names of those
selected by committees from the various
districts to act as chairmen of the differ
ent clubs organized to labor in Henry S.
Martin's interest. By Saturday night it
is expected that complete organization
will have been affected, and then work for
Martin's election will commence in ear
nest.
A W. A. Beane Rally.
A rousing meeting of the "William A.
Deane Club was held at Becker Hall last
night. President Fuhrman in the chair.
Reports from the various district com
mittees were gratifying, showing every
where gains for the popular candidate.
The meeting was addressed by D. Shaben,
P. W. Lannon, J. Coffrey, C. F. Kapp,
John Heenan. Samuel Rothberg, Dr.
Bohm and others.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i_jf— n n— □— n — n— b— a— n — n —□— n— n— n — n — n-
ARE YOU A WOMAN?
ARE YOU A WOMAN WITH A WO-
man's Ills, with a woman's nerves
MfljlG 3^^P^^*^*^B I with her pains and her mental and phy-
I I *6*-*Sri'^~^%r * /'V-iAfc 1 * I Slcal misery? Ar you a woman? Then
, W^^M^^^m from periodical back-
M^j^T^SwJSSffw 'wts&MVsl aches, headaches and nervousness.
K^?^S^ There is health and strength for you
: M&gg^^i^^y^^ißßl^B in my simple method. Don't take any
■MBflgSiSS^^W** Tf^ylßWiWW more drugs. They only stimulate for
msSSt&JtvjlFßarb WT^¥^i a day. You must restore th- strength
3g^"l^?>JS? » 19HiflnfH and then nature can cure you. Medi.
vE-<^?jV?^Sp ""^ife* WBBB cines are good for some troubles, but
f*&xffiz*i& &'-iiiSSSAM they do not restore strength. Electric-
WfiP&^ffl USqBSBL I lty does and the be3t means of using
■ it Is my
■I^l vSi Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
ffffa I have found that my now famous
I / >'/ 1\ i\ V^k^Cfevv W*AW* Electric Belt Is as pood for wome.i t>s
lAJn\ '! /K\h)i w»< X >S? for men. During the past three years
\IW /nil II "llWi \ A \Vk\ ¥■ hundreds of women have regained tho
W tli 111 ' II lW&\ (ll \ 1 tull vigor ot healthy womanhood by*ts
"I have been wearing your Belt aa advised since the 4th of June, and am happy to
■ny that It ha« done wonders for me. It has strengthened me and made a different
1 woman of me Before wearing the Belt I wa* not able to «ew or do any hart work..
1 tttiwwl cm .ew and work hard all day without feeling tired, like 1 used to. The
l£lt has don? wonder, for me and I tell my friends all aßout the good It ha. done me.
I I can Sadly say that IVm well of all th, eomplalnU I had, which were many, and
1 llsh IBI B could pVrßuade all ladies suffering as I wm 1 to .get one of your Belts, for lam
| sure they wou P ld derive greet beneflu from .t. With ft^ TON , Uklah. Cal.
It is a grand remedy for all weakness in women. It will pour a gentle,
I glov.-ing warmth into your nerves, soothing them, assisting the circulation
. and building up a vigorous action of all the organs. You will feel better
I at once and health will soon be yours. Call and examine this wonderful
Belt at my office free of charge. Let m« «xplaln to you its wonderful ef-
1 fects. You can test it free. If not convenient to call, send for my book,
1 "Maiden, Wife and Mother." It Is full Of Information relating to woman's
, weakness, and may save you ye&rs of misery and useless drugging. At-
I tend to it to-day— do not put It off. Call or address,
' DR. A. T. SANDEN, * not iN DRUQ stores. v
I 702 Ktrket Btr«»t, Cornet Kearny, flan KnwetMO. J_ _ M —_. , „ ,
I Office hours Ea.m. to p. m.; Sundays, 10 Aver 'fn^W^J
1 to 1. Branches at Los Angelea, > Cal.. 204^ t Or 0U b r y offro; eUn ai^iU- onl»
Bouth Broadway; Portland. C?r.. KJ Washing- f? cur of SI *« ent ». ©n'T
, ton .treet; Denver. Colo., SJI Sixteenth strett; . at our orno^
! Dallas. Tex.. 280 Mala street. • "~~ "—"" — " ' ~ *
THE MAYOR AS HE IS
AND AS HE APPEARS
WOULD REDUCE
THE WAGES OF
THE LABORER
Says Lamp-Lighters Should Be
Paid Twenty-Five Dol
lars a Month.
QUESTION ASKED BY DISCREDITED
DEMOCRATS.
Plain Facts Concerning the Way in
Which the Tearing Up of Street
Car Tracks on Market Street
Was Done.
Since James D. Phelan, the "heft
ing" Mayor, constituted himself the
Democratic party of San Francisco, and
by his acts and declarations has given
publicity to his belief that he is the
only honest man within the confines of
the State, there has been a growing
desire in the minds of the voters of
the city to know more of the man who
appeared as a political bud two years
ago and has now blossomed into a full
blown boss who does not want anything
but office.
Unfortunately for Mr. Phelan. this
curiosity on the part of the public has
resulted in bringing to light facts that
are not at all to his credit. The pic
ture of Mr. Phelan, as presented by the
facts, when contrasted with the like
ness of the "hefting" Mayor, as etched
by his own ready tongue, shows him
to be a mean and petty schemer; a man
who, though wealthy, resorts to the
most miserable subterfuges to further
add to his wealth at the expense of the
public; a man who has used his offi
cial position to promote his personal in
terests, and a man who is the willing
tool of designing persons who do not
hesitate to delude the public in every
way possible, if by doing so they can
further their own selfish Interests.
So marked is the difference between
Phelan, the candidate for office, and
Phelan, the office holder, that the con
trast is apparent even without the most
cursory examination of the man. The
one dons a slouch hat and an air of
good fellowship and goes among the
laboring men with a tale of his love
for them and his earnest wish to pro
mote their welfare; the other sits on
his throne In the City Hall and makes
public declaration that he believes $2o
a month is adequate remuneration for
the services of the men who light the
city's gas lamps.
Be it understood that the grasping
corporation that employs the gas lamp
lighters — the men who cover the end
less miles of city streets through wind
and rain and fog every night and
morning in the year, that the safety
of the after-night pedestrian may be
assured — pays them but a pittance of
$40 a month for their hire. This fact
came to light during the proceedings
that attended the recent fixing of gas
and water rates by the Board of Ku
pervisors. The admission was made
by an official of the gas company.
Those who heard it, having in mind
the Mayor's ante-election utterances*,
expected* him to launch forth in a with
ering condemnation of the greed that
induced the corporation to make such
miserable recompense for faithrul ser
vice. Nothing of the kind. The Mayor
gave evidence of great Indignation, it
is true, but it was for a different rea
son. He announced with some show
of spirit that to pay the lamp lighters
$40 a month was nothing more or less
than gross extravagance, and that in
his opinion the sum of $25 a month was
amply sufficient.
Think of it! A beggarly $25 a month
for a laboring man, and out of this
he must pay house rent, provide for his
family and rear and educate his chil
dren that they may become good
American citizens. And this from a
man who is the possessor of millions,
through no effort of his own, and the
Mayor of a great city that boasts r.f
being the choicest blossom in \he gar
den spot of the world. A Chines*
cook who would accept such a sum for
his monthly wage would be boycotted
by his tong — and rightly so.
It Is in connection with this same
proceeding of fixing the gas rates that
THE SA^T FEANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1898.
another query is being made, and It is
one that perhaps the Mayor will see his
way clear to answer and thus set at
rest a grave suspicion that may result
In the loss to him of many of the votes
he is so industriously seeking. It will
be remembered that the Mayor vetoed
the gas rate as fixed by the Board of
Supervisors. Possibly he was justified
In so doing, as it is not recorded that a
corporation like the gas company has
ever done less than rob the city in the
matter of rates. But this fact does not
answer the query, which is, in brief:
"Was not the Mayor's act in vetoing
the gas rate influenced by the fact that
he is a large holder of stock In a rival
gas company that would be greatly
benefited if paid a subsidy and given
the contract of lighting the city's
streets and public buildings?" The
ways of Providence and "hefting"
Mayors are inscrutable.
Many persons have watched, with
varying degrees of interest, Mr. Phe
lan's efforts to make capital out of his
action in ordering the removal of the
horse-car tracks on Market street and,
incidentally, the subsequent paving of
that thoroughfare. To those who are
acquainted with the facts the compla
cency with which the Mayor has ab
sorbed the compliments that a subsi
dized press has showered upon him in
connection with this matter, as well as
the manner in which he has arrogated
to himself all the credit that attached
to the action, has been instructive. It
shows the man in a different light from
that in which, without doubt, he views
himself and his actions, and in which
he wishes the public to see him.
The facts are these: Some time be
fore the removal of the tracks was ac
complished Governor Budd sat at lunch
with a party of friends at a down-town
club. One of these friends was a well
known attorney who, by the way, is
also a very prominent Republican.
During the course of the round-the
table talk the subject of street railways
was introduced. The attorney, who is
a recognized authority on matters per
taining to street railways, stated that
he had recently made an exhaustive
study of the point and had ascertained
that there was no law to warrant the
maintenance of four car tracks on Mar
ket street by the Market Street Rail
way Company. A few days later Gov
ernor Budd called on the managing
editor of the Examiner and detailed the
conversation just referred to. "Here^is
a chance for you to make some political
capital, " said the Governor. "Phelan
Is your man and you can advise him to
tear up those tracks and he will get
the credit for it. Send down to Judge
Brldgford and get an opinion from him.
If the opinion corresponds with what
I have told you turn Phelan loose and
he will get the credit."
E. A. Bridgford represented Colusa
County in the last Assembly, but is
now a member of the Committee of
One Hundred. He was called into con
sultation and after studying the law on
the subject rendered an opinion in ac
cordance with what Governor Budd had
been told by his friend at the club.
Phelan was then taken into the con
fidence of his protectors and told to go
ahead and win glory and the undying
gratitude of an appreciative public.
Such is a true statement of how the
Mayor lays awake nights studying out
plans for the betterment of the masses.
It may also be stated in passing that
the tearing up of the tracks and the
subsequent paving of the street added
materially to the value of Phelan's
property on Market street.
Like all true tales there Is a sequel
attached to Mr. Phelan's act in clearing
Market street of the horse-car tracks.
The tracks having been disposed of the
question of repavlng the street waa
next in order. Bitumen was the kind of
pavf-ment selected for doing the work.
It is here that query No. 2 comes in.
It has been propounded by many curi
ous people who have, during the past
three weeks, watched the laying of the
block pavement in front of Mr. Phe
lan's premises on Market street. These
curious people want to know what in
ducement was offered by the proprie
tors of the block pavement company to
enable them to secure the use of sev
eral hundred feet of the principal
thoroughfare of the city for the pur
pose of setting up a sample of the goods
they have for sale. It would be as in
teresting to know if the Mayor owns
stock in the block pavement company
as it would be to know if his official
acts have been unconsciously influenced
by the fact that he holds stock in an
opposition gas company.
The spirit of Inquiry is In the air.
The Democratic voters of San Fran
cisco have been debarred from having
any voice in the selection of their can
didates for office on the ground that
they are unworthy of such a trust. This
being so It is not without reason that
these same voters should make inquiry
as to the purity of the man who has
impugned their honesty and good inten
tions. Up to the present time the in
quiry has not developed anything to
the credit of the man who has consti
tuteu himself the Democratic party of
San Francisco.
PATTON THEIR CHOICE.
The Municipal League Adopts Reso
lutions Complimentary to the
Republican Candidate.
The Municipal League of San Francisco
met at its headquarters yesterday after
noon for the purpose of naming a ticket.
C. G. Nagle presided.
A motion was made that 100,000 tickets
be ordered printed and circulated con
taining the names of those nominees se
lected by the league. The roll call showed
107 delegates present.
The following ticket was selected:
Mayor, Charles L. Patton; Auditor, Asa
R. Wells; Diwtrict Attorney, Daniel J.
Murphy; Treasurer, I. J. Truman; Sheriff,
Henry S. Martin; Public Administrator,
John A. Drlnkhoupe; County Clerk, Wil
liam A. Deane; Superintendent of Streets.
Alartin F. Fragley; City and County At
torney, \V. F. Fitzgerald, Recorder, A. C.
Bi-rthier; Surveyor, Charles S. Tilton; Tax
Collector, Ed I. Sheehan.
The following resolution waa adopted:
Whereas, Charles L. Patton, the Republican
nominee for Mayor of the city and county .if
San Francisco, is a Native Son of the Golden
West and respected by all good citizens; and
whereas, Charles L. Patton Is well known In
our city for muny acts of charity and kind
ness in helping the poor and worthy of our
city; and whereaa, he Is a citizen who stands
for Improvement and the advancement of our
city, and la an advocate of the reforms neces
sary to accomplish that end: and whereas. It
Is ono of the principles of this league to advo
cate reform where needed and to advance the
election of worthy and well-known citizens,
therefore be It
Resolved, That we Indorse Charles L. Pat
ton as our nominee for the office of Mayor of
the city and County of San Francisco, and we
hereby pledge him our Individual and collec
tive support In the coming election, and It Is
ordered that he be placed at the head of our
ticket.
The indorsement of the remainder of the
ticket was laid over until to-morrow
evening.
Official Republican Club.
A large and enthusiastic audience filled
the new and elegant quarters of the Of
ficial Republican Club of the Thirty-fifth
Assembly District at Irving Hall, corner
Valencia and Hill streets, last evening.
Permanent officers of the organization
were elected as follows: President,
Thomas C. Maher; secretary, Joseph J.
Guilfoyle; assistant secretary. John A.
Shopston Jr.; treasurer, Andrew J.
Piercy; executive committee, I. H.
Thompson, John D. Daly, Robert H. Staf
ford, Joseph Wurdrow, E. A. Schumacher,
Edward J. Smith and John Meyers.
A Julius Kahn Club.
A Julius Kahn Club of the Twenty
ninth and Thirtieth Assembly Districts
was regularly formed at 836 Howard
street last evening. The following spea'k
frs addressed the club: Julius Kahn, W.
. Hawkins and Charles Kenneally.
AN EVENING
WITH MANY OF
THE CANDIDATES
A Rousing Republican
Meeting.
CHARLES L PATTON SPEAKS
CHEERS FOR HENRY MARTIN,
McKINXAY AND MTJRPHY.
Interesting Addresses Made by Those
Who Will Go Into Office
After the Coming
Election.
The people of the western part of the
city, those living near Golden Gate Park,
had an excellent opportunity of meeting
and getting acquainted with the Republi
can candidates lust evening. A rousing
meeting was held under the auspices of
the Associated League of United Labor
Clubs in Cyclery Hall, 506 Stanyan street,
at which Edward Howe presided.
Long before the time for calling the as
sembly to order every chair In the big
apartment was occupied by people whose
Republican enthusiasm could not be
doubted, Judging from the manner In
which every candidate was welcomed as
he entered the hall. There was plenty of
musical talent there as well. Probably
what attracted the most attention v. as
the anouncement that Charles L. Pat
ton, candidate for Mayor, and D. A.
Mc&lnlay of Santa Rosa were to be pres
ent and address the gathering.
Theso were by no means the only per
sons who aspire to office. In tact th^
whole platform was tilled with candi
dates and none left feeling that lie 1 had
not been welcomed. The first to speak
was Mr. McKlnlay, who said that he pre
ferred to discuss matters of national and
State importance than those municipal.
He said that this campaign is being con
ducted upon entirely new lines from any
in the past. All sectionalism had been
■wiped out forever by the recent war
where North and South fought side by
side for the honor of the nation and the
glory of the flag. He urged his audience
to uphold the administration by sending
baok to Congress men who would see that
none but Republicans are favored at the
hands of the legislator*. As a reason why
the present administration should be up
held he cited the fact that since President
McKlnley went Into office more men :iro
at work and more factories are in oper
ation than for many a long month pre-
The' speaker paid his respects to Candi
date Maguire, saying that the latter has
endeavored to make the people believe
that the railroad was the only issue in
the present campaign. That ie not so.
If such was the case. Mr. Maguire would
be asking to be sent back to Congress, In
order to get his name into the papers as
an anti-railroad man. Instead of urelnK
the people to elect him to the position
of Governor of this State. Mr. McKln
lay also pulled the candidate for Gov
ernor over the coals on the single tax
proposition.
\\ hile he was speaking there was a
great shout in the roar ot the hall, which
announced the arrival of Mr. Patton. Tho
latter took the platform at once, and In
one of his simple characteristic speeches
told the audience what they might ex
pect of him if they elect him to tho high
position of Mayor of this city. Ills posi
tion in favor of the new charttr, dol
lar limit, public ownership of public utili
ties, park Improvements, etc., were stated
clearly and met with Urn approval of
those whom he addressed. At the con
clusion of his short address Mr. Patton
said that the Republican party will d>
more for the laboring man than the Dem
ocratic party will, and finished by refut
ing the statement that he is the creature
of any boss or corporation.
D. J. Murphy, candidate for District At
torney, made a rousing speech, in which
he dlaeusst'd the merits of the many who,
under the Republican banner, are seek
ing the votes of the people. Before fin
ishing he had a few words to say of hi
political opponent, Barclay Henley, who
he declared is not? to be trusted, judging
from the man's past life. Henry S. Mar
tin, who aspires to be the next Sheriff,
received an ovation that would flatter
any one. The crowd cheered him from
the time he entered the hall until he left.
Among the other candidates present
who made a few remarks were Edward
H. Algeltinger for Supervisor, John D.
Siebe tor Assessor, Martin F. Fragley for
Superintendent of Streets, Charles Curry
for Secretary of State, William A. Deane
for County Clerk, 1. J. Truman for Treas
urer, A. C. Berthler for Recorder Ed
ward I. Sheehan for Tax Collector.
Thomas Graham for Police Judge, Police
Judge C. A. Low for re-election, Thomas
F. Dunn for Justice of the Peace and sev
eral others. • It was voted as one of the
Golden Gate Republicans.
The Golden Gate Republican Club met
laßt night at the lower hall of the Met
ropolitan Temple. M. H. Morgan pre
sided. The club was addressed by W. A.
Kemp, who Bald that although a nominee
for School Director on the Republican
ticket he was not going: to make a tirade
against the present board.
Frank Brill then took the platform and
placed Julius Kahn in nomination for the
club's indorsement as Congressman, which
was given with a will, amid cheers. Mr.
Brill claimed that It was the most im
portant part of the election to strengthen
the President's hand by electing a Repub
lican Congressman.
Lawrence Mulranen placed the name of
J. G. Edwards before the club for its in
dorsement to the position of member of
the State Board of Equalization. He
dwelt at some length upon the merits of
the candidate, and his ability to (111 the
position. The indorsement was made by
acclamation.
The club intends to hold a smoker next
Tuesday evening to which all of the Re
publican clubs will be invited.
Another Labor Ticket.
Registrar Higgy Is In a quandary over
the receipt of another United Labor tic
ket, acompanied by 3311 names. Political
Manager Grace 1b the sponser for this
one, and he informed the Registrar that
the other United Labor ticket presented
by Attorney Nagle was not the real ar
ticle. The Nagle ticket has a Democratic
aspect, while that of Grace is a sort of
omelet of all parties. It is claimed that
certain candidates have been offered
places on the ticket for $75 a head. One
of them made this statement to the Reg
istrar, but the latter declines to glvo
names. It is openly alleged that the
multiplicity of tickets in this campaign
had been caused by an overweening de
sire on the part of certain politicians to
Bell places thereon to the highest bidders.
Meeting of Republicans.
The regular weekly meeting of the
Fortieth Assembly District Republican
Club will be held at the corner of Post
and Fillmore streets this evening at S
o'clock. The voters of the district, with
their lady and gentlemen friends, are ex
pected to turn out in force, as Charles
L Patton and other prominent candidates
for local offices will be present to ad
dress the assemblage. Owing to the
large number of aspirants for political
honors on the municipal ticket and their
desire to show themselves and meet the
voters of this district, these weekly meet
ings will continue up to November 4. on
which date the club will hold a grand
rally and mass meeting at the Franklin
Hall. .
Young Men's Bepublican League.
The campaign committee of the Yountf
Men's Republican League have for th>
past week been w'orklng on the indorse
ment of the State nominees. The follow
ing indorsements were made Monday
evening:
Governor, Henry T. Gagf:; Lieutenant
Governor, Jacob 11. Neff; Associate Jus
tices of the Supreme Court, William C.
Van Fleet and Thomas B. McFarland;
Secretary of State, Charles F. Curry;
State Controller, Edward P. Colgan; Sur
veyor General, Martin J. Wright; State
Treasurer, Truman Reeves; Attorney
General, Tlrey L. Ford, Superintendent of
State Printing, Alfred J. Johnston; Super
intendent of Public Instruction. Thomas
J. Kirk; Clerk of the Supreme Court,
George W. Root; Congress, Fourth Dis
trict, Julius Kahn; Congress, Fifth Dis
trict. Eugene F. Loud; Railroad Commis
sioner, Second District, C. S. Laumeister;
Board of Equalization, First District, J.
G. Edwards.
The committee promised to immediately
begin work on the municipal nominees
and continue the same until completed.
South Park Taxpayers.
The South Park and Taxpayers' Club
met last evening at 211 Third street. Wil
liam Mcßride made an address, in which
he said that, in his opinion, Charles L.
Patton was the people's choice for Mayor.
Mr. Pattern was indorsed by the full mem
bership of the club.
Independents Will Rally.
The Independent Club of the Fourth
District will hold a grand rally this even
at Dewey Hall, corner of Francisco and
Fillmore streets. Prominent speakers
from both parties will address the meet
ing.
POET RILEY PAINTED
SIGNS ON FENCES
WAS IN PARTNERSHIP WITH
WALLACE THE SHOWMAN.
A Reminiscence of Their Early Days
in Peru, Indiana, When Both
Were Poor.
Some thirty odd years ago Showman B.
E. Wallace was in partnership for a brief
season with James Whltcomb Rlley. At
that time James was not a developed
poet and Wallace was not the proprietor
of a big circus. The latter tells the story
in this way:
"Rlley came tramping into Peru, Ind.,
one day. He was out at the elbows, out
at the knees and generally out of luck.
He came to me for assistance. I was run
ning a small livery stable, and it was a
1 hard Job to make ends meet. So when
Riley, who was an utter stranger, braced
me for a horse and buggy for several
days, saying he had a scneme to make us
both richer, 1 was in considerable doubt
as to whether 1 should venture or not.
Riley stated that he was a painter by
trade, and that he would contract with
tea or more of the merchants in town to
pafnt< signs on the farmers' fences alor> nr
j the country roads announcing that 'This
is the way to Jones's!' and 'Smith has
the best boots!' etc. He would charge $1
apiece for the signs and paint at least
forty of them, provided that 1 would find
him in white paint, pay for his lodging at
a hotel and give him a buggy for several
days, taking naif of the gross receipts for
compensation.
"Trie fellow was so earnest and looked
po hungry that, for the life of me, I could
not refuse him, so at the business we
i weiit. I secured the paint and guaranteed
i his bill at one of the small hotels. I also
i loaned him a horse and buggy. He went
j at the Job with a will and soon secured
! contracts from half of the merchants In
town to decorate the country fences. At
that time roadside signs were Just begin
> nlng to come into use, and around Peru
none had been painted up to the time of
Rlley's advent. But, bless you. it wasn't
long before the whole region was bedeck
ed with trite sentences telling- of the won
; derful cheapness of the goods of Smith
and Jones. The merchants were well
pleased, especially as on some of the
signs there was a display of rhythmic
sentences like this. To secure sound sleep
buy of Cheep.' Rlley took in $40 within
1 two days, for he was a swift artist with
the brush, and I received half and was
Wfll repaid for my venture. Rlley went
from town to town painting signs upon
the fence boards and earning a comfort
able living, I have no doubt.
"Only last year near Peru some carpen
; ters were tearing down a barn that bad
been built up against an old fence, and
they came upon one of Rlley's signs, long
obscured from view and with the paint
I comparatively bright, tilling the multi
tude to go to Jones' cheapest store on
earth.
"Things have changed since th<">=e (lays.
Riley made his reputation as a poet and
did not have to paint fences any longer.
1 got out of thp llv.-rv business and began
; running a show, ami my former partner
was seen no more. But I sometimes think
1 of him and wonder what wo-ild have been
, his fate If he had not had that rhyming
twist to his brain. Perhaps he would
! have been painting fences all of his days."
Entertained by War Veterans.
James A. Garfield Post of the Grand
' Army of the Republic and the James A.
Qarfield Woman's Relief Corps gave a
| Ik arty welcome last night to a large
1 number of ladies and gentlemen in So
cial Hall. Alcazar building. F. Elliott
i Meyer presided and assisted by Governor
! Salomon, Department Commander Cahen,
' SiR. Simon. Georg-e Crawl and Jacob
Wollner, presented an enjoyable pro_
i rramme of BOnga and literary numbers.
! Those who contributed were the Tennes
p. .• band, Mrs. Nellie Holbrook Bllnn. the
| Mandolin Club of the Fifty-first lowa
i band. Governor Salomon, Henry N. Clem
i ent. J. H. Simpson, Mrs. D. Mason Kinne
| and others. After the programme there
i wris a collation served by the ladles of
] the corps. This was followed by dan-
i . ADVERTISEMENTS.
r ■*
| The treatment at]
[The Keeley Insti* ]
tute is private, j
> pleasant and safe, j
no restraint, no j
[pain, no sick bed. j
You just keep!
feeling better and j
better day by day. !;
It's a good way to |
spend a vacation. ]
i f
t Rend for printed matter that tells <i
all about It. ■:
I THE KEELEY INSTITUTES, *
\ 1173 Market Street, San Francisco, < :
! 1173 Market Street, San FrancUco. <:
Douohoe Building i
232 North Main Street, Los Angeles, I
\ Fred A. Pollock, Manager. f
1.. ...,,..., i. 1
SCHOENFELD'S
SHIRT DEPOT.
Men's & Boys' Clothing
MARKET ST., OPP. SEVENTH
OUR BIG STOBE OVERCROWDED WITH BO IS,
" OaolMft llasi. Fine pare wool MEN'S UNDER-
WEAa at 70c each, worth twl«« that. .- - - ---^
Xon'i e«l«brat«d HYOEIA WOOL UNDERWEAR,
Snlrti (doable front and back), Drawtn (doabli
seated) at $1.00 each ; hialta preiorrert. *
IN ODR CLOTHING DEPARTMENT WB
OFFER WORLD BEATERS.
JUST SEE our $3.03 KEN'S BUIT6 and $5.30
HEN'B OVSKOOAT6, new oa dliflay In oar iao«
WiDdoWt. : , ■
KOTHEB3, eoics to us for your BOYS' CLOTHIN9
If menej- taring if an object to y»n. f
B7EOIAL— liaot of VESTEK SUITS at $1 31
and $1.88 p«r §ult . : 
for yoor BIS BOYB, a^o 13-19, wt hare tlafwl
ifiaUi Mitwu $3.99 s#r lull. : "
THE EMPORIUM.
f¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*}
AU estimates of the number of words in •
$£sO*s^\ next Sunday's advertisement in the Chronicle or 1
OiveivSS^ Examiner must be in Advertising Bureau before \
_^_-_ .VM--S--J six 0 clock this evening. ' \
Boys' Waists 39c.
yf^^\ Boys' Fast
Color Percale
fy%/ -iD^I Shirt Waists, aH
<2wk^ t'M^i new Fall pat-
JJkMIK'-'A&Jp terns and color-
fcr\^f*ii^nC^ ings, detachabe i
s^tfK collars — sizss forj
}g'**: f o'^}j& 7 to 14 years
\d>*r& °'^ — sold regu-
k (5/ nJI larlv at soc—
[Jji.ff \%t J>&s special from 9to
W^<\)>V^ : 1^? 12 o'clock this
39c -
X' % M <i^ Only to dc^tn
'W\?Uq^^Pi o/thest Waists.
Clothing Department— Floor,
near entrance. ">*-'
i
Special all the week,!
Emporium Flour, none
better made, Ck^tr
'50-lbsackfor™^
■ ' — — — i
Oriental Draperies sc.
iooo yards of bright-colored Ori-
ental and tinsel stripes for Draperies, 1
Scarf?, Cushion Covers, etc. — 30!
inches wide— sale at Bargain Table
in main aisle for three hours only _ i
this morning, p;r yard .". DC
Ladies' Union Linen
Handkerchiefs 7c.
For three %?/%.
hours only this W/.v^S.
morning, La- Jj/ /|\ \\
dies' full-sized A/ 4 I \ \\
Union Linen \ |'|| *V
Hemstitched Xfr/l \2 \
Handkerchiefs /\' v f| J^\
— soft finish— /f '^^/ \\
I \ or i InchT / # I V>
hem— each, fly
only >| 4d
7c. X/^
Glassware Bargains.
n- nr-ss-d Glass Water Goblets
in eilher or the three styles shown in
illustration — on sale from 9to 12
this morning — a great bargain at.. OC
French Mottled Glass Vases— dif-
ferent shapes— ic^' inches high — reg- 1
ular price 35c eacn — special 9 to i
12 to-day ZOC
P Ookten ffcule Bazaar.
CALIFOKNIAS LARGEST— AMERICAS GRASDbST STORE
You know that our minister used to be a practicing
physician. He was a graduate of the College of Physi-
cians and Surgeons, New York, and he says of. Ripans
Tabules that the formula has long been in favor with
medical men, but the method of preparation in the pres-
ent form is modern and a very great convenience. He
lately spoke of them to me in these very words : " I
always keep a vial of the Tabules upon my dressing-
table and use them with confidence whenever occasion
arises. For a disturbed condition of the digestive or-
gans I know of nothing so good, and for an 'all round'
family remedy I do not believe there is anything better
to be had'
f£7% Ghleheiter'a EasUnb Dlnmond Bread, i
ri OhleheiKr'a EasUnh Diamond Rrnnd,
ENNYRGYAL PSLLS
B .— <g~N, ' Original and Only Ocnulnr. Jk. -
i V/nrA bafe, alv»7* t«a»W«- iadics «>i Zt\ :
A^7l_y^M. DroitptM for C3kf<rAf«er« fn^iuA i)ia-^yV2.
Mfq/g^/fjkmonil Brand Id Red and Gold nieudlic
T~k Z^B«box««. ii-»l«d wltfc blue ribbon. l Take
T?i lygno other. Itrfiine dangtrouM lubitittf V
I / *~ fjftiOfuandimUaticm. At Drmggisti, or gtn4 4«.
I W jJ' in ttamp* for pariloolar*, «eitlmoal»U »nd
\V* JE> " Hellef for LbiUck," in UtUr, br r«tnra
-A. IT Mail. 10.000 TnUraoatili. KmaiPoMr
IA/. X. HESS,
KOTABT PUBLIO AMD ATTORNET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claua S- kela Bids.
Telephone Brown Ml. .
Reildence. tXX CallXornla at., below ' Powell.
Ban Franclaco. . .
THE EMPOBIUM.
Millinery Trimmings. ;
Extraordinary bargains in this sea- «
son's n*w goods for to-day's three- «
hour sale. «
120 Fan Whgs in red, natural nnd '
bluet; everyday price 75c; 9to -, r '
12 price ZjC ,
108 Bluet Pointed Wings; reg- f_. ,
ular price 35c; 9to 12 price JjC ,
48 Feather Pompons; bluet and «
brown; regular price 75c; 9to 12 .--. "
price wile '
540 Pointed Wings, in purple, green, '
red, natural, brown and shaded; ,
every-day prices ran;e from 25c to 85c ,
each; your choice 9 to 12 to-day I^ % . .
for I2 2C2 C .
192 Ostrich Feather Plumes; tan, '
orange, lavender, light blue, gray, leg- '
horn and usually sold for 75c c< -> '
to 51.50; to-day 9to 12 price »>UC ,
I . .
Ladies' Vests 16c. ;
Ladies' heavy **^> .
Sea Island Cot- /V v \^\ \
ton Vebts, W^il
Richelieu < *?
ribbed, sewed *' \ i
seams, color i*** A;'
cream white, h. S*&ji/K '
high neck and %7MV,f/^ \
lone sleeves, WwWill K\ ;
just 675 in the WAV&{7//|Scm
lot, on sale J™ g,a WM ,
from 9 to 12 'MWM |1 ,
this morning at \VA\;V\\' {/ J ■'
Bargain Coun- |\cHm\v\\tt^S? '
ter, main 1 . \(V ?hVv'v\\ Vv\\ \ '
alsle.cach *S \J \
Table Damask 18c. !
Turkey Red Table Damask, fully '
58 inches wide, fast dye, assortment '
of good designs, our 25c yard stand- ,
ard quality, on sale from 9t012 . - 
Wednesday only, per yard - *OC ,
i . !
j
Grocery Specials. •;
I We expect to make this week's '
sales double that of any previous '
I week's business in our big busy Gro- \
eery Department. ',
Gft one of the new Grocery Cata- ,
lopues. Watch us all the week. .
These specials lor Wednesday and «
Thursday only. '
Fancy Eastern Ham— there are none '
better cured for tne tv.o days, . -., |
pound I\J2C (
200 10-lb sacks Yellow or White ,
Corn Meal, regularly 25c, for the two 
days if the supply lasts 18* .- _ <
each, 2 for OOC ■
150 bottles Cooper's Oil, small size, '
new goods, best quality, regularly '
48c, tor two days if supply ,-_ [
lasts J->C
200 • rib bricks Welsh Bros.' pure
'Maple Sugar, for the two days £ -
only if supply lasts, 2 for.-.......:." ZoZ
Bear Gin, quart bottles, quality
guaranteed, regularly $1.25 bot- QQ
tie, for two days 77C '
Good Port or Sherry Wine, full \\
quart bottles, soli regularly at*. nr . ,
50c bottle, for the two days 4fors J.UU ,
Good Bourbon Whisky, full quart '
demijohns, regularly 83c each, _ '
for th?two days .t. t 65c '
Good White Wine, extra value ~ Q \
at 75c gallon, for two days.—.. OQC '
! DR.MCNULTY:
i n^nrs well-known axd rehabt.ts old
: i- SpeclalisteurM Private, Nervous, and Blood Dto-
; enses of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
| Weaknesses of Mea.free. Over 20 y'rH' experience.
i Patients ca red Homo. Terras reasonable. Hours 9
to3dally;6:3otoB:3oev'g3. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul*
' taUonfreeaudsacredlyconfldenual. Call, or address
'■" »r. P. RO9COG ULTY,
i 20^ Kcarnj- St., Kan Francisco, CaL
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEAKNY ANU -v* Ai.Hx*G'i\jX ■■ biS.-RE-
znodeled and renovated. KING, WARD dk
CO. - European plan. Rooms 60c to *$1 60 day,
|5 to $8 week. to $30 month. Frea baths; hoi
! and cold water every room nrs cratea a «vent
I room; elevator runa all eight. .
56
WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 19, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. . _
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding tow^s
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montb
6t> cents. '
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE »08 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlg*« Hons« i
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building j
C. GEORGE KROGNE6B, Advertlslnft Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay, '>
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, ooen until
9:30 o'clock.- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock.. 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh,
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSfc.MK.NT3,
Baldwin— "Love In Harness."
Columbia— "By the SaJ Sea Waves."
Alcazar— "The Wife."
Morosco's — "Straight From the Heart."
Tlvoll— "The Circus Queen."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
New Comedy Theater— "Where's Matilda?"
Alhambra. Eddy and Jones streets— Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Lillian Stewart. Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Sherman & Clay Hall-Second Heinrlch Recital Thursday
Bvenlng.
Olywpla. comer Mason and Bddy streets— Specialties.
Association A Mtortum— Concert.
Odd Fellows Hall— Masquerade Ball, Saturday, October 22.
Sutro's Baths — Swimming.
Roaenthal— Coming In February.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterfleld-This day, October 11, Furniture,
at 1916 Broderick street, at 11 o'clock.
By Killlp & (o.— Thursday, October 20, Horses, at corner
''an Xess avenue and Market streets, at 11 o'clock.
CROTHERS WEEKLY EXPLAINS.
THERE has been some doubt among the few
who pay attention to the attitude of the Bul
letin on political questions as to the excuse
Crothers has for his conduct. Others among the few
have never had any doubts.
The Bulletin says it favors Julius Kahn for Con
gress because he is the nominee of the Republican
party. An excellent reason, Mr. Crothers, a con
vincing reason, one which does your perspicuity
proud. You might have added that he happened to
be the best man for the position.
But the Bulletin in its feeble way is for Phelan for
Mayor. Why? Phelan is not the nominee of the
Republican party. He is a Democrat. It might al
most be said that he is THE Democrat. He is the
whole party, brains and appetite. Surely he is not
being supported because he is a Republican, or do
the Bulletin heathen in their blindness bow down
to the little god of Democracy and not realize what
they are doing? If the fact that Kahn is a Republican
is a sufficient reason for supporting him, it ought to
be sufficient reason for supporting the whole ticket.
From the diadem of the Bulletin editor there is lack
ing the jewel of consistency.
When a paper throws its trifle of influence to one
man because he is a Republican, and at the same time
whoops things up for another candidate who is on the
other ticket, it ought to be more explicit. Other
wise unkind people will think that it has been pur
chased. Such a suspicion would be painful to a per
son so delicately sensitive as Crothers. Another ex
planation is due, even overdue. The Bulletin has
given no reason for being Phelan's creature. It must
have a reason. Why not be frank? If there was a
price paid there would be a $übdued $atisfaction in
knowing what Crothers thinks himself worth.
SWEARS TO ITS OWN DECfIY.
THERE are few occasions on which any neces
sity appears for believing anything the Exam
iner may say, but we are inclined to think it
truthful when it swears to its loss of circulation. For
months it has been going down hill, and with
tender regret we have called attention to the fact.
During September the daily circulation, according
to its own affidavit maker, was 2184 less than during
August. This is a great decline. Details are lack
ing, however. There is no showing of what part of
this circulation went to the garbage crematory. Such
circulation may justly be termed "paid," for the
burning of it entails an expense of 20 cents a cubic
yard. •
While this falling off has taken place the Examiner
has been making desperate efforts, through the pub
lication of stupid puzzles and the promise of prizes,
to popularize itself. Doubtless this scheme has re
sulted in the sale of many extra copies, and without
it the showing would have been worse by far for the
paper itself, though better for the community.
When it is reflected that the present Board of Su
pervisors is made up of the personal selections of
the Mayor, when the fact is recalled that it has been
corrupt and inefficient, the circumstance that the
Mayor declares there are four wards in the city from
which no fit citizens can be selected as Supervisors
does not seem to be in the nature of a compliment.
The army has won nothing in esteem by glossing
over the offense of two officers at Honolulu who,
while drunk, placed themselves on exhibition. It is
not even probable that the army can square itself by
being severe with privates who are similarly obstrep
erous.
Mayor Phelan laughs at a practice for which Stern
berg went to San Quentin for a term of years, al
though at the time he said the offender ought to have
a life sentence. The difference is that now the of
fender is Phelan.
According to the Mayor there are four wards in
this city which cannot furnish anybody fit to repre
sent them in the Board of Supervisors. There must
be a better excuse than this for "colonization."
One boy has shot another at Quincy, as usual em
ploying an empty rifle for the purpose. The Coroner's
jury returned a verdict of accidental death, but the
death was not accidental. It was criminal.
Since the Examiner has its spy system in opera
tion, it might keep track of Phelan as well as of Pat
ton. The public is really interested in the way the
Mayor spends his time.
Spanish officials seem to be sorry that they yielded,
but the time is too late for any but vain regrets. How
ever, if they want an opportunity to yield again, in all
likelihood they can get it.
PURITY OF THE PHELfIN STONDORD.
\yi ANY people have believed that the Mayor,
/ \ whatever his fault of arrogance, regardless of
* * his absurd assumption of power, was guided
by an honorable intent. He has prated of purity in
politics, and they have blindly overlooked base
methods to which he has resorted. They could not
think he would be capable of false pretense. They
chose to consider him as having been maligned.
To The Call has fallen the task of unmasking
Phelan. It was not a pleasant task. Neither was it
one to be evaded. It has found the purified and
purifying Mayor guilty of practices for which men of
less influence, unequipped for doing as much harm,
have been sent to prison and stripes, and it has told
the story. When Sternberg went to San Quentin
for the crime of colonizing voters, one who most
roundly condemned him was Phelan. When he was
pardoned, after having served two-thirds of his term,
the ground being that he had been the tool of others,
who had wholly escaped, it was the Mayor who most
loudly voiced a holy indignation, declaring that
Sternberg or anybody similarly reprehensible merited
a life term.
It seems to us that the act of the Mayor in in
ducing Eugene Murphy, an honorable citizen, to
"colonize" in a ward other than that of his residence,
was a greater crime than that perpetrated by Stern
berg. At least the hollow hypocrisy of it gives it a
worse look. Sternberg did not stand forth as a re
former. He was not the talking apostle of nobler
and loftier politics. He was not a man of wealth and
standing. He had not been trusted by the people with
a great office. Phelan did not colonize a mere voter,
but it was his design to have Murphy elected a Su
pervisor. He made a specious plea that the course
was legal, in the interest of good government— was,
indeed, laudable* So well did he present the case
that for the nonce he convinced Mr. Murphy that no
evil was being done.
But to the colonist there came a second and wiser
thought. He reflected that the course was morally,
even if not legally, wrong, and withdrew. He went
back to his home and left the Mayor to handle the
purity business without him. Mr. Murphy is an up
right citizen, his word acceptable wherever he is
known. Moreover, it is in this instance enforced by
circumstantial evidence. There is no escape for the
Mayor from the conclusion that he has been caught
in a deliberate attempt not only to colonize a voter,
but a candidate. If Sternberg merited a life term,
what shall it be said Phelan merits?
The Mayor is backed by the unclean Examiner
and the equally nasty Bulletin. Possibly he could
have officially survived the handicap of such friend
ship as this, but when he is exposed as a trickster,
his insincerity made plain, his virtuous words robbed
of their effect, his pious attitude shown to be a cant
ing pose, it may be said that he has brought about
his own defeat. Neither the throwing of mud nor
money can save him now.
PHELfIN'S WATER RATE DIVERSION.
THE case of Fitch vs. the Board of Supervisors,
which filled so large a space in the public eye
about this time last year, having been decided
by the Supreme Court in favor of the officials whom
Mayor Phelan ousted from office, it will be interesting
to observe the comment of our reform Democratic
fellow citizens upon the reasoning of the Judges.
An evening contemporary remarks that the scheme to
oust the Supervisors for failing to fix water rates in
February, 1897, was an attempt to Mexicanize the city
government. By this it is intimated that the Mayor
endeavored to change the local government without
resorting to the formality of an election.
If it be true, as alleged, that the Mayor actually did
contemplate Mexicanizing the city, he must have been
acting under the advice of his esteemed Mexican fel
low citizen, Barclay Henley, now his candidate for
District Attorney. Mr. Herrley, as is well known, was
formerly a Mexican Marquis, and is therefore prob
ably familiar with the Mexican method of overturn
ing governments.
The decision of the Supreme Court, however, will
not be likely to promote the political aspirations of
Mayor Phelan. On the contrary, those who take the
trouble to read it will perceive that between the lines
it administers a deadly blow to the species of dema
gogy upon which he has been making politics in
this city, and by means of which he has hoped to lift
himself into the Lord-Mayoralty under the new char
ter. The court declares that proceedings for ousting
officials for dereliction of duty under our law must
be criminal in their nature, that no crime was com
mitted by the Supervisors in making a water rate in
vestigation which ran over the month of February,
and that if a valid water ordinance can be passed in
any other month — which the court has already decided
could be done — when the constitution declares that
rates shall be "fixed" in February it means that pro
ceedings shall be commenced in that month.
The monstrous feature of Mayor Phelan's theory of
fixing water rates under the constitution and the act
of 1881, however, receives little attention from the
court, perhaps because it was not necessary to con
sider it. Reference is made to his idea that innocent
Supervisors must be punished along with the guilty
for malfeasance in office. It will be remembered that
Lackmann and Rottanzi opposed laying over the or
dinance of 1897. They protested against Dr. Clin
ton's motion to postpone and declared that if adopted
it might endanger their official tenure. Yet when the
proceedings to oust the board came along they were
included among the guilty and Judge Wallace held
that they must also be punished by being deprived of
their offices.
Subsequently the Mayor reappointed them, but the
precedent he sought to establish was clear. This pre
cedent was that innocent men must be punished in
order that the guilty might be reached — a principle
so abhorrent to all justice as to approach perilously
near barbarism. The purpose of Phelan and Fitch
in adopting this theory was, however, ill-concealed.
They were. forced to save Supervisors Clinton and
Dodge, who had been chiefly instrumental in post
poning the fixing of water rates, and they ousted the
board as an entirety to do it. Then Phelan rose to
the occasion by appointing the four anti-Spring Val
ley Supervisors to his new board.
Now that the Mayor and his assistants in this
scheme to obtain possession of the government by
force are on record as a pack of fools, the people
should not fail on November 8 to express their
opinion of all of them who are running for office.
The Rev. Mr. Nead w/is not convicted of vagrancy
because there was no evidence against him. Eleven
jurors out of twelve thought him innocent, and what
the other juror thought is a matter for speculation.
When Mayor Phelan is detected in an act which
seems contrary to the spirit of the law he explains
that it is in the interest of good government.
Phelan has had one Board of Supervisors. He is
trying to pick another. There is no reason for
thinking his judgment has improved.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1898.
A COftIBINfITION OF SLANDERERS'
A COMBINATION made up of Maguire, the
Democratic State Committee, the Examiner
and certain anonymous persons who clearly
represent the notorious school book ring has begun
a campaign of slander against State Printer A. J.
Johnston, who has been renominated by the Republi
can party and who will be supported by all citizens
whose minds are too honest to be affected by slander
and who desire an efficient administration of the
office.
Fortunately for Mr. Johnston, the record of his ser
vice has been made public by an official investigation.
The slanders put forth against him by the writers of
an anonymous circular in the interests of the school
book ring, and supported by Maguire, hi 9 henchmen
on the Democratic State Committee and his organ,
the Examiner, have all been thoroughly inquired into
and disproved. The refutation of the slander is to be
found in the official records of the State.
When the charges were originally made they came
almost directly from the school book ring. The last
Legislature appointed a committee to investigate
them. That committee was composed of three mem
ber*, of each House, and represented both political
parties. For the better performance of its work the
committee appointed four experts — two Republicans
and two Democrats — to examine the work and the
accounts of the office. Two of the experts were
skilled accountants, and two were experienced in the
printing and bookbinding trade. Their report was
unanimous, and concludes as follows:
"The testimony taken has been very full, and much
time has been devoted to this hearing. And, having
given the whole subject careful consideration, we are
of the opinion that the office of Superintendent of
State Printing has been conducted on business prin
ciples and with economy and due regard for the pub
lic interests."
The object of the school book ring in making the
fight against Mr. Johnston is to brfeak down the State
school book system and leave the schools and the
people of California once more a prey to their plun
dering. Our own experience taught us what that
ring wa* in times past, and the reports that come from
the East at every session of the State Legislatures
there show it is even worse now in its greed and in
its corrupting power than it was in the days when
California was one of its victims.
It is significant of the cunning and the trickery of
the ring that it has not made an open attack upon
Mr. Johnston. It has prepared an anonymous cir
cular and arranged to get Maguire's State Committee
to circulate it and indorse it. The circular was sent
out by the committee accompanied by a letter signed
by Seth Mann, chairman, indorsing it and requesting
the Democratic press to copy it. Notwithstanding
this indorsement by Seth Mann, the Examiner said
yesterday: "Concerning the authenticity and author
ity of the original circular we are unable to speak, for
we do not know who is responsible for its appear
ance." If the Examiner will inquire of Mr. Mann
it will probably find that Maguire is responsible for
its appearance, and that back of Maguire is the
school book ring.
The animus of the whole thing is revealed in the
sneers of the Examiner at the State School Book
League. That organization, representing California
labor and California schools and having no other ob
ject than that of protecting our people from the
rapacity of a ring whose corruptions are notorious in
every State in the Union, is recognized to be, like the
State Printer, a dangerous foe to the ring. Hence
the combination.
Meantime Maguire poses as a friend of labor.
Meantime the Democratic State Committee claims to
be opposed to corrupt rings and monopolies. Mean
time the Examiner protests it does not know who is
responsible for the anonymous slander.
\A ISS GENEVIEVE RANSOM of Nebraska
/ \ is to be congratulated. She got as far as the
* * altar with a young man, and there he left her.
Of course she fainted, for the surprise was consider
able, and the wedding feast had been prepared re
gardless. The almost-groom balked because he de
tected on the breath of the pretty-near-bride the faint
and yet significant odor of a cigarette. He turned
upon her, spoke the accusing words and then turned
upon his heel and went away from there.
Fortunately she did not attempt any defense. Per
haps had she pleaded tearfully he would have re
lented. Possibly if her big brother had given him a
kick he would have braced up. In which case. Gene
vie ye, instead of being free and at liberty to smoke
cigarettes, would have been tied until death or divorce
to a* tyrant. Undoubtedly the deserter has all the ele
ments of a domestic boss. He would have ruled the
house with a rod of iron and probably placed his wife
on an allowance of one print dress a year. Now she
can pucker her rosy lips around as many cigarettes
as she pleases.
It seems that she had promised to cease the prac
tice, but just an hour before the time set for the cere
mony had been induced by a bridesmaid to take a
farewell whiff. In swearing off any habit the reformer
is accorded the privilege of tapering. There is no
wisdom in giving the sensibilities a violent wrench
when they can be trained to new ways by pleasant
degrees. The surprise in the whole matter is not so
much the conduct of the groom, who must be reck
oned a crank, but the fact that Nebraska girls indulge
in cigarettes. There has been an idea that this habit
among American women was confined to cities, but
never that the pastoral stretches of the Middle West
contained yellow-fingered bachelor maids with
breaths redolent not of the wholesome onion, but of
tobacco. Nevertheless, while in no manner lending
approval to the course of the bachelor maids, they
have a right to follow it if they choose, and any man
to be scared from the altar by it does not constitute a
grave loss.
According to the Examiner the present Board of
Supervisors is a "vile crew." Perhaps the allegation
gives little ground for dispute, but it must be re
membered that this same crew was selected by Mr.
Phelan.
As all of the bad Indians but have agreed to
surrender there is hardly a probability of a general
war. The troops available ought, with the raw mate
rial, to be able to make the solitary renegade good.
Vanderbilt remarked that the public might be
damned. Phelan echoes the remark, and an unrea
sonable public objects, for times have changed.
Nobody can blame the Mayor for laughing when
charged with illegal acts. In fact his only chance to
laugh is between now and November 8.
Misled by an exaggerated idea of his own impor
tance, Phelan says, "The King can do no wrong."
Only Phelan isn't king.
When Dewey shall reach this city the people will be
too busy welcoming him to inquire as to his politics.
SAVED BY fl CIGARETTE.
FATHER OTIS'
GREAT PROJECT
The project to cleanse the city In the
vicinity of Dupont and California streets
of vice and moral pollution is receiving
the support of the public, but not the
support of the city officials. Father Otis
of St. Mary's Church, when asked if he
knew anything about the ordinance clos
ing' the streets, said:
I do, and very much that Is hard to be ex
plained. We have taken an interest in the
closing of Bacon place because it has a direct
influence upon the work -which St. Mary's Park
Association has undertaken, besides being an
open violation of the law and In opposition to
decency and morality. We have taken more
than an interest; we have taken action. Some
three or four weeks ago, after consulting, legal
authorities, we were Informed that Bacon place,
appearing upon the official maps of the city,
was In consequence a pubiic street, and, there
fore, no individual has a right to obstruct this
public tstreot by erecting gatea or other ob
stacles. Mr. ' Shadburne called at the office of
Superintendent of Streets Ambrose and re
quested him to remove the gates, as they were
there In violation of the law. Mr. Ambrose
was absent at the time. His deputy promised
to lay the matter before him on his return and
volunteered the assurance that he would un
doubtedly take action at once. We waited a
few days. No action was taken. Mr. Shad
burne, our representative, called several times
at Mr. Ambrose's office, but failed to meet him.
After a week or ten days I called Mr. Ambrose
by telephone and aaked htm If he intended to
take action or not. I simply wanted an answer
from — yes or no. He expressed himself as
willing to do so, but that he was not certain
that Bacon place was public or private, and
h» wanted time to consider It.. I requested him
to give me a direct answer whether he would
act or not act. He said he could not. I bade
him good day. Since then he has taken no
action, and evidently, from his standpoint, the
question la one that cannot be decided in a
month. It was stated that If Mayor Phelan
would give the order to have the gates re
moved it would be acted upon. Why public
officials cannot take action in a case in which
their duty seems clear without receiving orders
from the Mayor to do so is something I cannot
understand. Mayor Phelan has shown himself
to be in favor of every movement for the im
provement of the city, and we honor him and
acknowledge our debt of gratitude for his as
sistance in the work of eradicating the nuisance
which ha 3 so long defiled the fair name of San
Francisco.
We did more than appeal to the Superintend
ent of Streets. We called the attention of the
Society for the Suppression of Vice to the state
of affairs existing on Bacon place and re
quested it to take action against the open vice.
Mr. Kane at once took an active Interest in
the matter. We concluded first to ask the
Chief of Police to take action. As a repre
sentative of St. Mary's Park Association Mr.
Kar.e called upon Chief Lees and asked him
to abolish the nuisance. He stated that the
existence of public vice In the Immediate
neighborhood of the condemned property had
a retarding effect upon the purchase of the
same- that certain owners pointed to Bacon
place "and declared that St. Mary's and Quincy
streets would be reopened. The Chief refused
io take any action. He declared that he would
iot be made a tool to depreciate the value o
th« adlolnln* property, and told Mr. Kane it
the matter was to be discussed to tell the prin
because it was a standing scandal. Th : result
of the interview was that the Chief refused
IN FAVOR OF
ANNEXATION.
To the Editor of The Call-Labor and
capital have now a common object to
strive for. They should shake hands, for
get for a time supposed enmities and
work to compass the annexation of Cuba,
Porto Rico and the Philippines. Through
out the land the unemployed stalk and
complain that there is no work by which
they may put bread into their mouths,
while the hand of want knocks at the
door of many an American home. True,
times are better than they have been for
many years, and the future is pleasing to
contemplate. But even with plenteous
crops, mills and factories running and
good markets at home and abroad there
are numbers of good men who can get
no work and capital that is not being used
to develop enterprises in this land.
Where would the American people be to
day among the nations had her popula
tion been confined to the thirteen original
States of the Union? It has-been he
constant ODening up of new territory, giv
ine m.'n opportunities and developing new
resources, that has made this. in man)
ways the greatest nation on earth, me
youth of to-day claim that they have not
the opportunities of becoming rich and
great as had their fathers and grandfath
ers- that lands are now taken up fields
forenterprise once new nowo , d
2& «SSS: tSo°ug% U \«Kn/^
wfst^ski rj\%^r£i"£*
already the stream of gold f ™ m , tl ™
frozen north is making money •'easier
All Old World nations have had to open
up new fields for their citizens, new mar
kets for their manufactures. better
Tt is true that America is in a better
fn"tead of a debtor nation; but there are
many centuries ahead of. this count -^y it
is to be hoped, and it behooves those who
are now at its head to grasp the oppor
tunity cresented to place three pearls of
price within the reach of the American
of to-morrow as well as legislate for the
A WhRt a has Spain*done to develop t n> h°*
her possessions? Every recent writer has
told how her oppression has stifled indus
try, and caused vast natural wealth to lie
d6fmant, awaiting the magic touch of
enterprise. Rich in everything that makes
a lnnd worth having, the triplets that
have been weaned through the oppression
of the mother country are fit fields for
\merican capital ana moor, ii wumu
seem that some higher power than man.
was calling to America to till these ear
den spots of the earth. Aside from their
strategic Importance the three Island col
onies will prove a future boon, whose
worth Is hard to estimate at this time.
England has by her colonial system
opened new fields for her men and her
money. Whether any of the possessions
now "in controversy before the Peace
Commissioners at Paris are capable of
self-government the future will prove.
Assuming that they are rot now, then
how many thousands of Americans must
be taken from this land to run the gov
ernmental machinery? Citi;.er.s and sol
c'lers will be given employment. Compe
tence and not political "pull" should gov
ern the selection of those chosen to look
out for American Interests, if the colonies
are run as such, and in this we cannot
do better than to carefully study English
methods. Certainly Yankee ingenuity
will improve them in time, but systems
that have proved their worth should not
be thrust aside. Even the work of ex
amining candidates for colonial offices—
and the more rigid the examination the
better— would furnish employment for
many at home.
Who to-day regrets the Louisiana pur.
chase?
Has not Alaska, after looking for years
like a useless piece of furniture, proved
a carpet of gold?
An American wants not elbow room
alone, but ho wants to be able to reach
out about him at arm's length and grab
anything good in sight. He wants op
portunity. Give the boys of to-day and
those of to-morrow fresh fields for inge
nuity and enterprise. JOHN CRAIG.
San Francisco, October 16, IS9B.
HOW TO COUNT
PUBLIC FUNDS.
The class In city politics was in session
and the master asked a number of ques
tions that were pertinent and of decided
importance to the voters of this city at
this time.
Define president of the Board of Super
visors in San Francisco.
The Mayor, elected by the city and
county at large, is the president of the
Board of Supervisors, and it is his duty
to preside at all sessions of the board
without the right to vote.
What are the specific duties of the pres
ident of the Board of Supervisors of San
Francisco?
The law says: "H shall be the duty of
the president of the Board of Supervisors
vigilantly to observe the uffiqial conduct
of each Supervisor in his district, and of
all public officers of the city and county,
and take note of the fidelity and exacti
tude, or the want thereof, with which
they execute their duties and obligations,
especially in the collection, custody, ad
ministration and disbursement of the pub
lic funds and property."
What must he do in the carrying out of
his specific dutlp*?
The consolidation act says: "The presi
dent of the Board of Supervisors, in con-
positively to take action. He asked why the
Board of Supervisors had not passed an ordi
nance condemning the place, and at the same
time declared that even if it did he would not
act under the ordinance, as the State law was
sufficient and yet he would not act at all.
Mr. Shadburne thanked him for what he had
done and withdrew. Chief Lees cent to me a
representative, who Informed me that the Chief
paid It was better to delay action regarding
Bacon place until after election, but that he
would not promise to act even then. I stated
that we would have to take action Independent
of him; that It was his duty to see to the in
forcement of the law. We had requested him to
do so. He hud demonstrated his ability to cope
with the evil by the closing of St. Mary's,
Quincy and Morton streets and Berry place,
and therefore his refusal to act was not due
to lack of power, but due to some other rea
son, and what that reason may be we do not
know.
No matter how capable and well-intentioned
officers of the police force of Y his city may be,
if they have at their head a man who will not
Instruct them to enforce the laws they are pow
erless to effect any material change in ex
isting evlU. Why we should be compelled to
do the work of the Chief of Police is another
thing hard to be explained. Ills representative
Intimated that the Chief would declare that he
was aaked to take action In order to depre
ciate the value of the adjoining property.
That was but one of the arguments used. Mr
Shadburne did not advance that argument, nor
did I. We requested him to act in accordance
with the law, which Is 4 sufficient argument in
itself and Mr. Kane simply mentioned that an
an additional argument. And it is an argu
ment. If Immorality Is permitted to be pro
tected openly in proximity to the proposed park
grounds it rives hope to the owners of the
places that were formerly used for the same
purpose that they would be able to use this
property for the same purposes again. Why
does the Chief not act? Can he not proiure the
evidence against these people? The owners,
lessees and occupants are known to others and
the evidence against them will be produced
in court and they will be prosecuted independ
ently of the Chief. We have reason to complain
about his inaction and we do complain! He
claims the honor of having closed St. Marys
and Qulnry streets. We freely concede it to
him and have asked him to take the additional
honor of closing Bacon place. Why has an
ordinance not been passed? That is another
question. We do not think an ordinance neces
sary, although It has proven a moral force
heretofore.
The majority of the Supervisors have shown
their interest in the suppression of vice by
passing several ordinances. We have not asked
them to pass an ordinance closing Bacon place
because we discovered that an ordinance was
already before the health and police committee.
The history of that ordinance is somewhat pe
culiar. It was discussed at a meeting of the
above mentioned committee on October 7. The
dally papers declared that the committee had
agreed to report favorably upon It. But It has
never come before the Board of Supervisors.
Bacon place Is running wide open. Dupont
street is returning rapidly to its former condi
tion, and how are we to preserve the good
effected— lf we accomplish no more — unless the
Chief actively assists us? The prosecution of
owners, lessors and inmates on these streets
will be begun at once, and what will then be
revealed remains to be seen. Parties Interested
In the maintenance of vice on Bacon place have
held meetings on Saturday evenings. These
meetings will prove interesting matter when
discussed later. We can afford .to take our
time. Endurance will prove an important ele
ment In peourinjr success, and we are giving
our attention to the best methods of developing
this factor.
Junction with the County Judge (changed
by a subsequent act to a Judge of the
Superior Court) and Auditor of said city
and county, shall, every month, examine
the books of the Treasurer and other
officers of said city and county having the
collection and custody of public funds
and shall be permitted and it shall be
their duty to SEE and count over all the
moneys remaining in the hands of such
Treasurer or other officer."
Who framed the consolidation act?
Horace Hawes.
What was his purpose in inserting the
words "see and count?"
The framer of the act named was a
Bhrewd old man. who believed that the
proper way to keep a public official hav
ing: the handling and custody of public
money honest was to make him be hon*
est, and see thnt he was not tempted.
He knew that if the president of the
Board of Supervisors did his duty as re
quired by law and saw the money with
his own eyes, no gold bricks or iron to
kens in bags could be foisted on him
for genuine money, and he knew that- if
the Treasurer or other official had to show
once a month the amount of coin his hooka
called for as a balance he could not
have an opportunity to play the flim-flam
game andTipproprlate the people's money.
Who is the president of the Board of
Supervisors of San Francisco?
James D. Phelan.
Did he do his duty as such officer as re
quired by the law?
In one matter he did not. He willfully
neglected to SEE AND CO I 'NT themoney
in the hands of the City and County
Treasurer, and allowed him to play the
flim-flam game and at the same* time
cast a stain on the fame of th^ city
by proclaiming to the world that it
had a dishonest official.
Can a man who will neglect a plain
duty of the highest importance be
trusted in the administration of public
affairs?
A man who can be false to his trust in
one matter can be false in every matter
and therefore should not be trusted with
further opportunity to mismanage pub
lic affairs. E. C. S.
Sutro Railroad Assessment.
An order was made by Judge Coffey di
recting Mrs. Emma Merritt and W. H.
R. Adamson. executors of the will of the
late Adolph Sutro, to pay an assessment
of |2 a share on 21.310 shares of the cap-,
ltal stock of the Sutro Railroad Com
pany, owned by the estate of the dead
capitalist. It was shown that through
the anxiety of creditors of the road to
enforce payment of claims it was neces
sary that the assessment should be paid.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHAT IS
CREAM OF TARTAR?
It comes from grapes and is yielded in
the process of wine-making, most
extensively in France and Italy.
Cream of tartar is brought in a crude state to this
country, where three-quarters of the entire importation is
refined to the highest grade in the works of the Royal
Baking Powder Company.
' This highly refined, pure cream of tartar — the product
of the healthful grape — is the material from which a
pure and healthful baking powder must be made. More
expensive, of course, than other ingredients frequently
used, but being healthful itself it adds healthfulness to
the food instead of degrading it as do the baking powders
that are degraded in quality to meet a degraded price.
The celebrated Royal Baking Powder is made of
highly refined, pure and healthful cream of tartar. Its
great qualities have made it famous in every country in
the world, and it is the most appreciated of all baking
preparations by all good cooks and up-to-date house-
keepers.
AROUND THE
' CORRIDORS
Judge N. Blackstone of Ventura Is at
the Grand.
John Fennell, the Treka capitalist, is at
the Palace.
C. J. Lowrey. the Fresno insurance man.
is at the Grand.
Frank H. Buck, the Vacaville banker,
is at the Palace.
Dr. A. M. Henderson of Sacramento is
a guest at the Lick.
F. D. Nicol, a prominent Stockton at
torney, is at the Russ.
W. R. Carirhers. a general merchant of
St. Helena, is at the Lick.
S. K. Porter, pnrt owner of the Ballol
mine, is at the Occidental.
Professor C. C. Clark of Santa Cruz is
registered at the California.
H. B. Delevay, a well-known mining
man of Sonora, is at the Lick.
A.* Scale has returned from the Klon
dike and is new at the California.
E. I. Woodman, candidate for State
Printer, is a guest at the California.
*C. C. Beckman, a prominent general
merchant of Portland, is at the Grand.
George Lingo, a prominent Birds Land
ing cattle man, is a guest at the Grand.
De Vries Van Doesburg. a prominent
vineyardist of St. Helena, is at the Lick.
H. Kind, a well-known general mer
chant of Eureka, Nev., is at the Grand.
Preston Woods, owner of the Eagle Bird
mine at Emigrant Gap, is stopping at the
Lick.
Dr. A. H. Mitchell, the well-known San
Jose physician, is a recent arrival at the
Occidental.
A. Brown of Milton, Calaveras County,
a candidate for the Board of Equaliza
tion, is a guest at the Lick.
George L. Arnold, a member of the
Board of Equalization at Los Angeles, is
a recent arrival at the Lick.
Richard R. Dobell, M. P., of Quebec, and
family, arrived here yesterday in a pri
vate car and are at the Palace.
United States Senator Joseph Simon of
Portland, Or., is at the Palace. He is ac
companied by Messrs. G. A. Still and G.
Glass.
Dr. Charles V. Cross, a San Francisco
physician, returned on the Doric on Mon
day from an extensive tour through
China and Japan.
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18.— Dr. M. Gardner
of San Francisco is at the Gilsey. D. J.
Needbury of San Francisco is at the
Plaza. C. A. Debney of San Francisco Is
at the Empire. M. Goldsmith of San
Francisco is at the Holland. A. J. Lowen
berg of San Francisco is at me Broadway
Central.
Cai. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'*.*
This week; best eyeglasses, specs; 15c,
40c; 65 Fourth street; look out for No. 66. •
Special information supplied dally to
business house-; and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Carbon, old Flemish and gray oaks, fina
mat gilts, ebony and little, narrow mold
ings in bright green, blue and violet
bronzes are the latest for pictures frames.
The Taber : Prang and Hargreaves colored
photographs mounted on glass with pro
jecting gilt corners find great favor with
the public this fall. We have them all at
popular prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. *
"Don't this old injury hurt you when
you attempt to run?" asked the examin
ing surgeon of a candidate for enlistment.
"Course it does. If yer lookin' for sol
diers what's going to run just count me
out."— Detroit Free Press.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It sooth-* the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind rnit^. reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the be.it remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing: Syrup. 25c a bottle.
Through. Tourist Car to St. Paul.
This car is nicely upholstered in leather,
leaves every Tuesday night, no change. Goes
via Shasta route and Northern Pacific Rail
way. The scenic line of the continent. Tick
ets on sale to all Eastern cities at lowest rates.
T. K. Stateler, general agent, 63S Market St.,
San Francisco.
HOTEL DEL. CORON ADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Niiw only 180 by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply at
4 New ? antgomery street. San Francisco.
Commercial lunch, 11 to 2. Amonf th« Bar
rels, 863 Market at.
"Do you know. Mr. Gilley." said MIS 3
Sears, enthusiastically, "that I have rid
den a century?"
"Oh. come, now, Miss Sears," replied
Mr Gilley, 'you cawn't have done that,
doncher know, because bicycles haven't
been invented that long, aw."— Detroit
Free Press.ADVERTISEMENTS.
Are You Overworked, fired, Depressed?
THEN TRY
MABIANI WIHIB Fans Tonic for Boay al Brain.
FROM THE PHYSICIAN TO MARIAN| WINE
His Imperial Majesty, the Sultan.
£Cj| gives STRENGTH to
B^^^^ Overworked Men,
tE!l ajTj^j Delicate Women,
ff^jETjlw Sickly Children
Dispels WEAKNESS
from whatever
f^Bß^3SsPsQ!o^^ Marianl "Wine giv«r power to th«
brain, strength and elasticity to the
TiLDiz PAI.ACE, Constantinople. muscles and richness to the blood. It
Sworn enemy of the many proprietary mcdi- j B a promoter of good health and lon-
dnes which have of late years Invaded the Jtv It ls a supremely gTeat tonic,
world, and whose only object ls gain for the B cvll J- Jt . .- ,_ . __ .„_,__._ n4
' ' . . . , -cvhich has received the lnt >rsements ot
proprietors. I make an exception In favor of " 1141 -" ltaa
one preparation as meritorious as It has been more than SOOO American physicians.
fe.r-reachlng in Its good. I refer to Vln Mari-
an!, which, owing to Its valuable fortifying To those who will kindly write to MARIANI
qualities, bas conferred benefits upon weak and * CO.. 62 West Fifteenth street. New Yorlc
suffering humanity. I therefore add my ap- City, will be sent, free, book ; containing por-
proval end praise to this highly meritorious traits with endorsements of Emperors. Em-
preparation. MAVROQENT PACHA. • press. Princes. Cardinals, Archbishops and
Physiclan-tn-Chlef to the Sultan of Turkey. other Interesting matter.
Paris— Boulevard Haussmann; London— BJ Mortimer »treet; Montreal— 2B-30 Hospital «treet.
MORE TROOPS
ARE DEPARTING
FOR MANILA
Valencia Will Sail This
Afternoon.
INDIANA LOADING SUPPLIES
i
LIEUTENANT MERRIAM EXON
ERATED BY GENERAL KING.
The Commanding Officer at Honolulu
Affirms That Young 1 Merriam
Was Not Intoxicated
as Reported.
Tho Valencia will sail through the
Golden Gate this afternoon bound for
■ with her freight of human fight-
I r: er machines. The troops that are to de
part to-day are the Second Battalion of
the First Washington, a hundred men
from the California Heavy Artillery and
two assistant surgeons, with several hos
pital stewards. Th- Second Battalion will
be brought over from Angel Island at 9
o'clock this morning upon the IfcDowi 11,
and the men will Immediately go aboard
the Valencia. The detachment from the
rnia Heavy Artillery will leave the
Presidio early In order to be on the ves
ppl when the Washington soldiers arrive.
The Valencia will sail about 2 o'clock,
or before that hour, if all is ir. readiness.
The next two transports to leave will
be the Indiana and the Ohio. They
should get away the latter part of this
week. The r' mair^ng battalion of the
First Washington and a detachment from
the California Artillery have been as-
I to the latter, while it was de
cided by the department commander yes
terday that two battalions of the Twen
tieth Kansas, with headquarters, and
1 ,;. the remainder of the California
Heavy Artillery, an to go on the former.
The fndiana whs loading yesterday, and
a guard of fourteen men from the Kansas
regiment whs sent aboard of her. The
Ohio will probably begin to load to-day.
It is now probable that the Indiana will
jet awuy before the Ohio, although it
was given out at department headquar
ters last week that the Ohio would be
the next transport to sail after the Va
lencia.
Major General Merriam has received
the official report of Brigadier General
King, commanding at Honolulu. It con
tains much intonating data concerning
the health and discipline of the troops,
and an account of the recent dis
turbance that occurred between the sol
diers and citizens. The report completely
exonerates IJt-utenunt Merriam, son of
General Merriam. who was reported to
been under the. influnce of liquor
and to have behaved In a manner unbe
coming an officer and a. gentleman. The
iit; Is that portion of General
KlnK's report relating to Lieutenant Mer
riam:
As to fUnclpllne the depredations up the
Manna Valley haw reaserl entirely. Only
one unfortunate incident han occurred. On
Monday evening last, the men having been
paid durlnK the day, I had instructed the
marshal to be In town with a dozen
mounto.-l soldiers to arr'-st member* of the
command who might be creating dlsturb-
ance.
The officer had boen most efficient In
suppressing lawlessness in the suburbs, but
on this occasion he appears to have com
pletely l"Ft his head and also to have In
volved the Junior ai'l-clf-oami) on my staff.
The former had a fracas with a merchant
r.allor. The eympathies of the crowd wef«
asalnst the officers. There were Jeerß and
threats, und It seems that Lieutenant
■\Yheelock ordered the streets cleared, rode
ff in pursuit of a gang of idlen who wera
cursing him and left an Inexperienced sec
ond lieutenant to execute his orders. The
T.-.wn Marshal (Crown), a man of marked
fairness nn<l intelligence, assures me that
h's informants told him th;it Lieutenant
M-rriam was not drunk, but merely kept
telllr.K people to move on or off and unfor
tunately it.-.^rting that it was "martial
law."
I was awakened after midnight by Com
rr.ariflpr Tausslg of the navy. with a hur
riod report that martial law \va« being en
forced by 1.1.tn-nant Men-lam. I sent Cap
tain Saxton to the poene to stop the trouble,
: 'Ti, If npcesxary. place the- officer under
■rr*<t; I wan dressing as rapidly as I could
wi c a the ra l>tain returrpd, reporting every
thing quiet and bringing tho officers with
*A 7. InVAIi 'l<f»tlon the following day I
J;- 1 '- Lieutenant Wheelock responsible, re
ue\eu him from duty an provost marshal
and Mni hlr t0 hlfl regiment. The civil
fay» Vr B annou need their intention to
a . k J". ■y n ' r ""'I 1 expected them -to do so.
They met two days later nnd decided not to
net.
r,^f n e al^ rrlan | S a i«o in receipt of a
Bri«£ ?„ S?i,? ll hh u nlcatlon from General
Kltik in flhirli . c c ' x sses his highest
regard for Lieutenant Merriam who, he
young Ztt&£? nk :iml who ls a model
H( T | h ?« (O K^, d ,** th 5 at the
division hospital Jate Tuesday ni«rht-
The resignation o£ Lieutenant Thontaß
K. Richey of the Kansas regiment has
been accepted.
Aethma, bronchitis, catarrh cure gunrant'd. Pr.
GonJln, Sanitarium. 314 Pine, nr. Kearny, S.F. Cal.
DRINK DROVE HIM FRANTIC.
R. T. Owen, a Sewing Machine Agent,
Arrested for Assault to Mur
der a Bartender.
R. T. Owen, a sewing machine agent,
was arrested yesterday morning on a
charge of assault to murder. The com
plaining witness is Alfred Babie, a bar
tender at 527 Clay street.
Both men live in the Denver House on
Third street, near Howard. Between 7
and S o'clock yesterday morning while
Babie was walking along: Third street,
Just after leaving the Denver House,
Owen came up to him and without say
ing a word stabbed him in the left shoul
der and back with a knife.
Babie went to police headquarters to
report the affair, and was followed by
Owen, who was placed under arrest by
Policemen Isaacs and Morton. Babie
went to the Receiving Hospital, whero
his wounds were attended by Dr. Rum
well. Babie said he never saw Owen
before and could not conceive why he
should have attempted to kill him.
Owen had the appearance of a man who
was in an Incipient stuere of delirium
trtinens. He told an incoherent story of
Babie presenting a revolver at him on th«
stairs of the Denver House and threat
ening to shoot him.
A SPIRITED AND
EFFECTIVE CAMPAIGN
HENRY S. MARTIN IS A MOST
POPULAR CANDIDATE.
His Peculiar Fitness for the Office
Generally Acknowledged.
Amons the candidates on the Repub
lican-municipal ticket there is not one
who is making a more spirited and ef
fective campaign than Henry S. Mar
tin, the nominee for Sheriff. That he
will be successful by a large majority
is a foregone conclusion. Personally
Mr. Martin is and always has been a
very popular gentleman. His genial
personality has won for him hosts of
sincere friends during his life-long resi
dence in this city, and these friends
will be glad of the opportunity of prov
ing their friendship by casting their
ballots on election day for plain, every
day Henry Martin.
Mr. Martin has been identified for
years with many benevolent anc l char
itable institutions, notably the French
Hospital. He is president of this in
stitution, and during the encampment
of the troops at Camp Merritt he was
among the prime movers in the prop
osition to give to sick soldiers the use
of the hospital gratis.
Mr. Martin's substantial property In
terests in this city make him peculiar
ly alive to the responsibilities of the
office he is seeking, while his extensive
business experience makes him emi
nently qualified for the discharge of its
duties in a highly satisfactory man
ner.
With candidates in general this is the
tlmf; when the "glad hand" is freely
offered, but in many cases, after elec
tion, the voter receives instead the i
"glassy eye." It is not so, however, !
in Mr. Martin's case. He has always i
been noted for his affability, and has ;
always been easy to approach at all
times and under all circumstances. As
voters find this gentleman during his
campaign, so have they found him be
fore and so will they find him after his
election, plain and unassuming, yet al
ways courteous and obliging; a man in
every respect deserving of the confi
dence, esteem and suffrages of his fel-
low men.
. ♦ .
COMPETING ROAD OFFICERS.
Men Who Will Manage the Building
of the Los Angeles and Bakers
field Railroad.
The directors of the rt-r-ently incorporat
ed Los Angeles and Bakersfleld Railroad
are losing no time in settling down to
their new duties. They met yesterday and
organized by electing the following board
of officers:
Claus Bpreckels, president; Robert
Watt first vice-president; A. H. Payson,
second vice-president; Alexander Mackie,
secretary, and I. \v. Hellman, treasurer.
Thf new road will be of vital importance
to the people of this coast, supplying, as
it does, the connecting link between the
San Joaquin Valley road and the outside
world The Valley Road now ends at
8.-ikt-rsfleld and the recent incorporation
will build a road over the Intervening
space to Lob Angeles.
Lurlino Salt Water Baths.
BD«h and Larkin et«. f?wlmrain«. Ruaslaa. hot
and cold tub baths. Salt waterdir«ct from ocean.
In the Divorce Courts.
Caroline H. Slmo has been granted a
divorce from William M. Sime on ,h«
ground of willful ne&lcct. Catherine Mc-
Donald was granted a divorce from P. M.
MoDonald yesterday on the ground of
willful desertion. Suite for divorce on
the ground of desertion have been filed
hv MarKery K. Reynolds against John J.
Reynolds and Thomas H. Mackie against
Mary Mackie.
-Anakeßis" is an Infallible cure for piles
Free sample add, "Ahakesis." New York*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 19, 189 S.
GAS VETO IS
LAID OVER FOR
THREE WEEKS
No More Political
Capital In It.
ROTTANZI WANTS SOME LIGHT
THE "SOLID EIGHT" BECEIVE A
SHOCK, BUT RALLY.
A Canadian Lady Faces the Supervis
ors and Gets Her Pet Dog
Cheaply Released From
the Pound.
A special session of the Board of Su
pervisors was held yesterday afternoon
on the call of Mayor Phelan. The only
absentee was Supervisor Morton, who
was out of the city. It was quite evident
that the gas veto recently sent in by the
Mayor was the inciting cause for this
gathering of forces, as it was scheduled
to come before the board for final action.
No time was lost In reaching it. The
veto was read, declaring that the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Light Com
pany was not entitled to the payment of
Its street lighting bills for August and
September, aggregating about $15,000, as
there was no legal contract In existence.
Supervisor Smith at once moved to
postpone consideration of the veto for
three weeks. "That ■will carry It past
election time," explained the Supervisor.
"I understand that some people ure try-
Ing to make political capital out of the
gas contract, and I object to such unfair
procedure."
Supervisor Rottanzl, who had voted to
overthrow the Mayor' 6 first veto of the
gas bills, took the floor and announced
that as the second veto was apparently
based upon more tangible grounds than
the first had been he was in favor of
having the City and County Attorney
render an opinion on the legality of the
gas contract and on the special objec
tions that the Mayor raised 10 it. "In
case that this legal opinion is favorable
to the Mayor's veto I shall probably vote
to sustain it," remarked Rottanzi. This
statement produced something of a sen
sation among the other Supervisors, as
it was by Rottanzl's vote last time that
the veto was overridden.
Sheehan wanted to have the veto laid
over for three weeks from next Monday.
By that time Supervisor Morton will be
home, and his vote is counted on against
the veto. Lackmann, Clinton and Dodge
advocated Immediate action on the veto.
Finally after several ballots Sheehan,
Britt, Devarry, Hasklna. Rivers, Delany
and Smith carried the day. and the veto
was laid over for three weeks.
Scarcely had this matter been disposed
of before Supervisor Clinton sprang a
surprise upon the entire board by stat
ing that a lady was present who had a
grievance against the Poundmaster wh!ch
she wished to explain to all of the Super
visors. He asked the vcourtesy of the
board to allow the lady a few moments.
Haskins was on his feet to protest, but
seeing no signs of objection on the part
of his confreres, he subsided with a pro
test that "such matters ought to go be
fore the proper committee."
A moment later Dr. Clinton brought
forward a very pleasant looking woman,
of rettned manners, " who spoke cleurly
and to the point. "I wish simply to
state," said she, "that yesterday after
noon my fancy pet dog was out in front
of the house near the door, when a rep
resentative of the poundmaster came
along, seized the animal and carried him
away. As the dog was a valuable one I
at once set to work to secure its release.
Some one told me that if I went to a
Supervisor and secured an order I could
get the animal out by paying 60 cents,
whereas if I simply went to the pound
without an order, it would cost me $2 60
to secure my pet's release. As I am a
Canadian, recently arrived in San Fran
cisco, I supposed that the advice was cor
rect and I went to Supervisor Clinton,
who happened to be the most easily
reached. I had never met him before,
but he very kindly gave me an order on
the poundkeeper, made out on a regular
printed blank, asking for the release of
the dog. Armed with this document I
went to the pound, where I was met by a
deputy, to whom I presented my paper.
He glanced at it for a moment and then
handed it back to me with the remark,
'It don't go. We don't recognize any per
mits hero that are signed by Clinton.
Only permits signed by the solid eight
are received.' Now, I don't know any
thing about the solid eight and I don't
see how I am to get the dog, unless I pay
the $2 60, or the Supervisors order - the
poundmaster to honor Dr. Clinton's per
mit."
The eight looked at each other In si
lence, not knowing whaft to say, while the
audience in the Supervisors' chamber
laughed aloud. Finally Brltt arose with
the inquiry, "Are you sure that he said
'solid eight?' "
"Quite sure , sir; those were his very
words," responded Mrs. Simpson.
"Then come over here, madam," ex
claimed Captain Delany, "and I will
make it all right," and escorted by Dr.
Clinton, Mrs. Simpson crossed the room
to the captain's seat and secured his sig
nature below that of Clinton's, request
ing the poundmaster to liberate the dog.
"That will go, ma'am," explained the
captain, "but I wish you to understand
that this thing of liberating animals
from the pound on a Supervisor's request
is not obligatory upon the poundmaster.
It is only a favor."
With this the scene came to a close,
with suppressed comment throughout tne
The board appointed Alfred Fuhrman
collector of delinquent taxes. Edward W.
Williams was reappointed Justices' Clerk
for a period of two years. An order was
passed prohibiting the sale of theater
tickets by any person not holding a li
cense, the rate for a license being fixed
at $25 per quarter or JIOO per yenr.
A leave of absence for forty days was
granted to Park Commissioner A. i>.
Spreckels.
The board killed the resolution prohib
iting bicycles and vehicles from approach
ing within five feet of a street car when
stopping to take on or let off passengers.
The Bohemian Amateur Athletic Club
was granted a license to hold an amateur
boxing exhibition at B'ne B'rith Hall.
October 24. The Athletes' Club was given
permission to hold a masquerade ball in
Elntracht Hall. October 22.
The clerk was Instructed to advertise
for proposals for three lire engines, a
hook and ladder truck and a chemical
tank, to be paid out of the new Insurance
Fund. ________—____—.
You will find the latest things in wall
paper at Clark's. 853^ Market street •
MRS. RICHARD BURKE DEAD.
Cablegram From Ireland Announces
Her Demise.
Michael Meagher has received a cable
message announcing the death of his
niece, Mrs. Richard Burke, at Fethard,
Tipperary, Ireland.
Mrs. Burke was born In this city In
1860. She was a daughter of James Dona
hue, who with his brothers, Michael and
Peter, established the Union Foundry in
this city In 1849. He was, until the time
of his death in 1862, the president of the
San Francisco Gas Company.
The late Colonel Peter Donahue, who
built the San Francisco and North Pacific
railroad, was Mrs. Burkes uncle. Her
brother, Peter J. Donahue of Laurelwooa
Farm, Santa Clara County, is now trav
eling in Europe.
Mrs. Burke, whose maiden name was
Margaret Donahue, was married at St.
Mary's Cathedral in this city to Richard
Burke, barrister at law, of Clonmel, Ire
land, in ISS2. Their married life has been
a most happy one. She leaves a husband
and four children to mourn her loss.
Mrs. Burke was known to a large circle
of friends in this city, who will mourn
her loss. She was noted above all things
for great gentleness of character and her
never falling Bymjpathy for the poor.
WHERE THOSE
MEDICOS TAN
HUMAN SKIN
Mr. Peterson's Candid
Admission.
HE USES SALT AND ALUM
DR. TUGCH.ES OF TOLAND'S IS
VERY NON-COMMITTAL.
He Denounces the Practice as Based
on Theft, and Hopes The Coll
Will Succeed in Stamp
ing It Out.
The expose of the unlawful use of hu
man skin purloined from autopsy and
dissecting rooms has caused widespread
fear in the breasts of the students of the
colleges. The professors and higher med
tcal men universally denounce the prac
tice of tanning the human skin. Any
student convicted of the crime will be ex
pelled from college.
The demonstrator of anatomy of Toland
Medical College, Dr. Samuel G. Tuggles,
when interviewed yesterday, could not
deny the truth of the statements of The
Call, and said:
"What stand the university may take
in the matter I cannot say. For my own
department I can say that I do not know
any particular student who may have
tanned or caused to be tanned human,
skin. The subjects are skinned before
being dissected. I am not always in the
dissecting room, and I suppose some of
the skin gets tanned. The Call seems to
know more about that than I do. I have
been very much Interested in what it had
to say, and I hope It will put a stop to
this disgusting practice.
"The students are obliged to attend the
lectures three times a week under the
different physicians who lecture at the
City and County Hospital. They do at
tend autopsies and probably have oppoK
tunities to remove the skin. It. is steal
ing- and against the rules of the college, !
and when a student is going to break a
rule he does not tell the professors be
forehand.
"Yea, 1 know that medical students do
such things, but If they do it at Toland
1 dt> not know anything about it."
There is a tannery at :Ul2 Army street,
Just back of thi? Cogswell College, run by
Poetsch & Peterson. A physician gave
this place as the one which does the tan
ning for the young physicians connected
with the City and County Hospital.
At the tannery Mr. Peterson described
again the details of the business as revolt
ing as the smells which live around his
place. He F;<id:
"I have tanned plenty of human skin
for the medical students and dot-tors who
cut up the people to see what killed them
before they died."
"You are sure you can do it well; I am
very particular."
"Oh. yes: I have been doing It for two
or three years. It is not a hard thing
to do. I just soak it one day in strong
salt and water— plenty of salt. Then,
when it gets pretty soft I soak it for
aluiut a week in some alum and salt and
water. Then if it must be dark I smoka
it."
"I see. Can you show me a piece?"
"I have one little piece, but ft is not
so good. You see it was poor skin to
begin with."
"Do you know where this skin came
from?"
"A doctor who was just cutting people
up at the county hospital. It was wrapped
up in a paper and was fresh."
"Did he say he was from the City and
County Hospital?"
"Oh, yes. They all Fay they come from
there. You see it is not so far away. Can
not I tan some for you? I can do line
work."
An old man, a Mr. Booth, who has
worked in the tannery and lives at Ilry
ant and Twenty-sixth streets, said he had
seen human skin in the office of Poetsch
& Peterson, and that they could tan it
because they did not use bark.
"Won't bark tan the skin?"
"Makes it as rough as a bear's back."
"Do they tan much skin?"
"Yes. They try to keep it secret-like,
but the doctors and young medical stu
dents bring in pieces to tan every little
time. They handle it in the office, but
the doctors don't makf any sreret of it.
They want the leather for slippers or
razor strops, or something like that."
"What do you think about this tanning
of human skins?"
'Poor folks can't afford to think of any
thing. "Taln't no use."
A shoemaker at Twenty-sixth and
Howard streets pays he has seen human
skin in the office of Poetsch & Peterson.
"The boss showed me a piece of skin
a few days ago and asked me if I knew
what It was. It looked just like pig skin,
but I knew it was tanned human skin,
bocaupe the pores are larger. He said
the doctors from the City and County
Hospital had brought It to him."
The internes of the City and County
Hospital are mostly young physicians,
and upon them rests the accusation of
the tanners. Over them are Dr. F. W.
Dudley. Dr. J. O. Hirshfolder, Dr. W.
W. Kerr, Dr. C. N. Ellin wood and Dr.
R. A. Mcl>oan. Yesterday afternoon the
only interne at the City and County Hos
pital who was visible was D. V. Lu
chetti, who Pays he has no Christian
name. He is a young mnn,- very young.
He has an idea, apparently that the au
topsy room as well as the entire hospital
was founded and Is maintained for the
benefit of young doctors and students.
He said: "Why, I never saw any skin
Jn the autopsy rooms, did you? Do you
want to have some tanned? I do not
know anything. So Mr. Peterson says we
give him skin to tan. I can't say. I have
all of mine yet. Come down town and
lett have a good talk over the matter.
I never have a word to say to such peo
ple as Peterson; my time is too valua
ble. I just go to the autopsies and see
what I want to see, but never anything
else. See?"
"But, Dr. Luchetti. this is not a joke."
"Is it not, though?"
EMEBIC CONTEST DISMISSED.
An Action in Equity Now Relied
Upon to Determine Title to the
Property in Dispute.
The contest and amended contest of
Harry Emeiic to the- application for the
probate of the will of his late wife, Eu
genic Emerlc, were dismissed yesterday
by stipulation. This ends the litigation
in the courts of Ban Francisco, but a suit
in Contra Costa County yet remains to be
disposed of.
By the dismissal filed yesterday Mr.
Emerlc relinquishes his claim to Borne
$10 000 worth of jewelry bequeathed to
Lorena Myrtle Barbier by the will of Mrs.
Emeric. Mr. Erneric will now concen
trate his efforts in an endeavor to estab
lish hiß contention that the Contra Costa
property, valued at between $tW,OOO and
$80 000 was held in trust by Mrs. Emeric
and consequently she had no power to
dispose of it by testament. Emeric al
leges that several years apro, when as
he supposed, he was on his death bed.
he deeded the property to his wife to
hold in trust, the trust to be dissolved In :
event of his recovery.
When he recovered his wife refused to
suraln place the property in his hands, and
ifter her death It was found that she had
beaueathed it to her sister. Miss Barbier.
Mr Emeric now seeks to obtain Judg
ment of the Contra Costa court, declar
ng that the property was held by his
wife In trust and that Miss Barbier is
not entitled to the f state by reason of
the title vested by the will or her de
ceased "later.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
The fie- . ri ' " . '- ' • . ,
limila Sal y/^/7 . s, * 889
. ■ , • ■ & --.
VERTISEMENTS. :
S AVE
Sets a t^ tZ
pound .^oiiee
10r d IEA
AND GET A -
Pig Present pREE
With Ewery Pound
AT
Qreat American Importing |ea (jo.'s
MONEY SAVING STORES
S6l Market St., oppo- 355 Hayes St.
site Powell st. 2510 Mission st.
140 Sixth st. 1419 Polk St.
705 Larkln st. *1S Third st.
146 Ninth st. ■ 3006 Sixteenth st.
606 Kearny st. SOOB Fillmore st.
1819 Devisadero st. 1190 Kentucky St.
S2SS Mission st. t2l Montgomery ay«.
« Market Bt.^^^ sxoßEg
1053 Washington St. 616 East Twelfth «t.
917 Broadway. 1510 Seventh st.
131 San Pablo aye. 1355 Park St.. Alameda.
B Street, near Fourth, San Rafael.
Write for Catalogue. "
DISSOLUTION OF
CO-PARTNERSHIP SALE.
$125,000 Worth of Fine Shoes to Be Sold
at Less Than Manufacturers' Cost.
Among the Big Bargains We Have
Placed on Sale for This Week Only-
_____sc-crrs» 800 pair of LADIES' FINE
PT^ f1& VICI KID BUTTON
V? : : t "VI SHOES, sizes 2V4 to 3H.
T\ ' f*t - all widths. tirl A(SL
U^ .><! €J>I»T"C>
|{ * V*k Former price, $3, $4 and $5.
If' vk Another
Bargain.
900 pair LADIES' FINE VICI KID BUTTON
OR LACE, Goodyear welted soles, new coin
toes, all sizes and widths, re- (TO |(\
duced to O-^'lv/
Former price $3 and $3 50.
SPECIAL— 7SO pair of LADIES' FRENCH KID
OXFORD TIES. LXV heel, nixes «C | Q£T
2 to 3H. all widths, reduce^ to.. <JJ1»OC»
MISSES' DONGOLA KID LACE OR BUT-
TONS, spring heels, sizes 12 to 2, *7 t\r*
reduced to * ****
The Above Prices Are but Few of the
Big Bargains Now Being Offered in All Our
Departments. ,
Country Orders Solicited.
THE MONARCH SHOE COMPANY,
1384 and 1390 Market Street.
\ GOOD COOKS I
I HAVE USED IT* 1
I FORSO YEARS I
MERRILL'S i
fehk. DSTDCCPTf V DIIDP* ■
X .PERFECTLY PURE-,*j %
j ONCE TRIED j
" Mall orders a specialty. £*
0 8
rt jtaifc 14-karat gold filled
q f"W Rings; half round; flat; "
« W fancy chased; sold with "
-^m! a written guarantee for 8
xn five years' wear........... &
« H 25c and 50c B
& g The latest novelties £
8 in Crush Silk and Metal o
0 Belts. JJ
rt Solid Gold Pens and w
» ITEMS Holders..... $1.00 »
S. WILL & WNCK CO., o
g 818-820 Market St., S. P. tt
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
jv^- ■j«^ J ». We cure weakness
m^(&" '^ - and dii>eases of Men,
J&s2Z&<r±?.'3sß, including Nervous
K^K^akfcJ^^^^a'ijS Debility. Contagious
raStrtjr \jj Blood Poiiion and
S\>££jf I^* contracted ailments,
t^iwj} Quickly and perman-
t3s&<f ULUnc.yJjff ently. Largest prac-
fa&i (^TSvfSffN tlce anO beit equlp-
{*?« W&J I'pd medical lnstltu-
WmWik iISpS > Established 17 Year 8
Private book and
M@^ >3*iMlW*fsM? i advice free at our
| r^ W^*ffl2h&s£ office or by. mall. All
J9H\ J\v^bEEvlE^ letter's sacredly con-
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market St.. 6. F.
, Use /**% and
Facial Soap Facial Cream.
If anything alls your Skin, Scalp, Complex-
' lon or Hair, call on or write Dermatologist
JOHN H. WOODBUItY, 12T West 42d St., New
York. 163 Btate st., Chicago. Use Woodbury's
Facial Soap. Facial Cream, Facial and Tooth
Powder. Sold everywhere.
CONCEBTS AND BESOBTg.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO S HALL.
AN IMMEDIATE SUCCE SS ! ,
TO-MORROW (THUnSDAY) EVENINO,
SECOND OF . ,
THE HEINRICH RECITALS
MR. AND MRS. MAX HEINRICH AND
MISS JULIA HEINRICH.
-Interpreters of the Classics in Song!
• PRICES. AND $1 00.
SEATS ON SALE at Shermtn. Clay & Co.'»
Music Hove«». -' ■ -_-
SAN FRANCISCO O 'ATORTO SOCIETY.
JAMES HAMILTON HOWE, Conductor. Elev-
enth concert, "Ancient Mariner." Soloists, 8.
Homer Henley, C. P. yon Oes and others. As-
sociation Auditorium, Wednesday, October 19, 8
p m. Reserves, 60c and 25c, on Bale at Y. M.
C. A. building. ; .■■:■■-
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Dally from 7 A. M. to 6 P. M. Daring
the Winter Season. r
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN 5a
Bathing, with admission, 2So; children, mo.
888S88888S88888SS8888S28888S888888SSS8SSiiS8SSS!S!8!S88888S8SK888888!l
I SPECIALS ! -10 SPECIALS! I
88 . . - :. 88
88 • * . V 88
88 We respectfully invite an inspection of *
88 the following lines, which will be placed g$
I on sale fc
| "THIS DAY! i
| LADIES' PLUSH CAPES. %
« At $2.00. a
88 LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, handsomely braided and beaded; storm col- 88
88 lars edged with black thibet fur; good value for J4; will be placed 88
$8 on sale at $2 each. .. :r:.:;: r:.:; - 88
£ LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS. J*
5 At 75^Oents. »
!; LADIES' BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, lined with per- 88
*° callne and bound with velvet; regular price $1 25; will be placed on 88
88 sale at 76c each. - /r > ; ! r • - J8
r,'_ RIBBONS "SPECIAL." " g
At IS Cents.a Yard «8
o. No. 40 BLACK SATIN AND GROSGRAIN, all silk, 3% inches wide; 88
o. worth 25c yard; will be offered at 15c , ■ 88
88 At SO ■ Cents a Yard. f^
88 7-INCH BROWN SATIN SASH RIBBON,. all silk; worth $1 yard; will **
88 be offered at 50c yard. ' Mgg| . __ a ™
88 MEN'S FURNISHINGS. ' ' 28
ss MEN'S FURNISHINGS. 88
88 At 1O Cents. . 88
88 185 DOZEN MEN'S HEAVY SEAMLESS WOOL SOCKS, In camel's hair 88
J3, and sanitary gray colors (all sizes); regularly sold at 20c; will be r»
o. offered at 10c pair. .
88 At 75 Cents. 88
88 72 DOZEN MEN'S UNDYED AUSTRALIAN WOOL AND CAMEL'S 88
88 HAIR UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, extra well finished; reg- o»
83 ular value for $1 25; will be. offered at 75c each.
S At 5 Oents. 88
r* 5000 yards MACHINO TORCHON LACE, guaranteed to wear well, 4 88
' inches wide; regular price 10c; on special sale at 5c yard. 88
2S SPECIAL— KID GLOVES. g
88 ' . '■ -.- • ' ■-2
88 At 85 Oents a Fair. f
88 0 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP PRIME LAMB GLOVES, colors, tan, *8
c» mode, green, navy and white: repular price $1; will be on sale at 88
85c a pair. (Guaranteed and fitted.) • 55
88 HOSIERVT HOSIERY. g
5 At 12« Oents a Fair. 88
cr 100 dozen CHILDREN'S FAST BLACK COTTON HOSE, narrow and 88
Richelieu ribs, with double heels and soles; usual price, $2 50 dozenj $3
88 will be offered at 12% c the pair. j.
a CORSETS. CORSETS* " *s
I At $1.00. %
o, 50 dozen LADIES' CORSETS, made of imported black sateen, two side S8
*° steels silk embroidered and finished with French edging, perfect fit- ©♦
88 ting; 'regular price $1 50; will be closed out at $L ;■■.■ "r~ ' . «•
c« ■ ii. 28
wa
[/[/ Murphy Bulldlnar. Jf
\ Mariet and Jones Streets.
isnatitititintinntitittntits
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
AN AMUSING TALE CLEVERLY TOLD.
Augustin Daly's Comedy,
LOVE IN HARNESS!
As Presented by the
FRA WLEY CO. and BLANCHE BATES
ALL THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
Prlces^ZSc, 50c, 76c and $1.
Next Monday^-THE PRISONER OF ZENDA.
IVT/"V T T T *3' Friedlander, Gottlob A Co. an-
INU I denounce that the CALIFORNIA
THEATER will reopen for the season next
Sunday night. Oct. 23. The attraction will be
the drama, "THE SPAN OF LIFE" presented
by Wm Calder's splendid Eastern Company, at
the New California Theater scale of prices, 16c,
80, 35c and 60c.
COLUMBIA^THEATER.
Nothing Blue About the Waves of Laughter
Greeting
THE REAL FUNNY BOYS,
MATHEWS AND BULGER,
Direction of Dunne and Ryley, In
Th<»lr New Rag Time Opera,
BY THE SAD SEA WAVES!
Company of 35, embracing NELLIE HAW-
THORNE and JOSIE DE WITT.
Coming "SOWING THE WIND."
MATP Friedlander. Gottlob & Co. an-
llUlCnounfe that the CALIFORNIA
THEATER will reopen for the season next
Sunday night, Oct. 23. The attraction 1b to be
•THE SPAN OF LIFE." a drama of great
strength presented by Wm. Calder's fine East-
ern Company. The New California Theater
scale of prices. 15c. tsc. 3ac and 50c, prevailing.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY). Oct. 19.
Parquet, Any Seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c. Any Part.
MR. AND MRS. EDWIN MILTON
KOYLE AND COMPANY
In "CAPTAIN IMPUDENCE" condensed to
one act.
FELIX AND BARRY, Comedy Stars.
RAY BCRTON, Equilibrist and Shooting Star.
LOUIS M. GRANAT, Unique Whistler.
MARY NORMAN, Society Caricaturist.
JOHNSON AND DEAN. Darktown Aristocracy
HOWARD'S COMEDY PONIES.
CARPOS BROTHERS, Gymnasts.
BIOGRAPH, new views.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
ALCAZARJHEATER.
LAST WEEK.
Belasco and De Miile's drama,
THE—
WIFE!
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
NEXT WEEK— Special production. David
Belasoo's beautiful drama by the sea,
"MAY BLOSSOM."
ca r : e .. d 15c,25c,35c,50c
PHONE MAIN 25*.
tivolTopera-house.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor and Managsr.
—THIS EVENING—
THE LAUGHING SUCCESS!
The Merry Operatic Fantasie,
"THE
CIRCUS QUEEN I"
A GREAT CAST.
MIRTH and MELODY! BEAUTY and GRACE!
Grand Matinee Every Saturday at 2 p. m.
NEXT WEEK.
Regal Revival of Lecoeq's Masterpiece,
"GIROFLE-GIROFLA I"
Popular Prices 25 and 60 Cents.
N. B.— A Reserved Seat for the Matinee, 25c.
Our Telephone — Bußb 9.
[/[/ Murphy Building:, J
Mariet and Jones Streets. 5
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S 6RANDS
«Taltxb Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Maotteb
FOURTH WEEK of
JAMES M. BROPHY.
Initial Production of the Thrilling Drama,
STRAIGHT FROM THE HEART!
AN ENTRANCING STORY! . . .
EXQUISITE SPECTACULAR EFFECTS !
SEE the deck of the S. S. Mistletoe and de-
struction fit vessel by flre. Details of a French
execution. The guillotine.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Green 861.
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . ioc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
ALHAMBRA. "^.ttfi"*-
Harry Jackson Sole Manager
THREE BIG SHOWS IN ONE!
CUBAN OPERA, *""»»
ROBERT DOWNING, 10 CENTS "
VAUDEVILLE 15 CENTS
And the Drama. 25 CENTS.
"OVER THE SEA!" 50 CENTS.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and . Sunday.
Entire Balcony 10 Cents
Lower Floor 25 Cents
COMEDYJ[HEATER.
The Only Show In Town at Popular Prices.
£Sc.y in4> CLARA TfIROPP.
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUN.
MATINEE TO-DA>V
• - 25C TO ALL PARTS. ' '
Presenting
the operatic farce comedy success.
"WHERE'S MATILDA."
• - ■• ' UP TO DATE.
PRETTY GIRLS. . CATCHY MUSIC.
BRIGHT AND CLEVER SPECIALTIES.
DON'T OVERLOOK OUR SOUVENIR
MATINEES.
. EVENING PRICES 15c. 25c, 35c and 600.
Comedy Theater and 710 Market st.
OLYMPIA, cor a 12 nn d y .
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
ONLY FREE THEATER PLAYING E AST-
ERN STARS.
COTTON AND MOLL,
Great .Triple Bar. Artists.
Direct From Tony Pastor's,
HELEN MIRAMAR,
■ The Chic Soubrette. !">
F. F. FREDRICHS,
Celebrated Lyric Tenor.
The Great Eastern Favorite,
MISS IRENE FRANKLIN,
New Songs , and Impersonations.
MISS GEORGE McDERMOT,
. .• - • Parisian Dancer.
MADELINE and Others.
MATINEE . SUNDAY. ADMISSION FREB.
DO OOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
|.w PALACE *•«• S
%CRAND HOTBLa %
X BAH MAHCiaCO. q
J* Connected by a covered passageway. *J
0 1400 Roomg-900 With Bath Attached* <*
O All Under On* Management. . -;: O .
O NOTB TEE PRI0E8: Q
JT European Plan. 1.00 per day and npwurt —
D American Plan. 3.00 per day and upward M
g% Correspondence Solicited. - '- Qj
X JOHN 0. lIBSFATRICK, Xuukgor. ,gt
QOOOOOOOOOOOO
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA : BITTERS, i TH3
great Mexican remedy; gives health and.
strength to eexuol organs. Depot, 823 MarksU
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bllver unchanged.
Wheat and Wheat freights firmer.
Barky doing better.
Oats and Corn weaker. t
Rye dull.
Flour unchanged.
Beans and Seeds dull.
Hay very Quiet.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Butter continues to decline.
Eggs and Cheese unchanged.
Poultry in free supply.
Game about the same.
Fruit market quiet.
Dried Peaches in rather better request.
Provisions slow and weak.
Hops in fair demand.
Hides quiet and Wool neglected.
Choice Beef and Mutton firm.
No change In Hogs.
EXPORTS OF FLOUR AKD WHEAT.
Exports of Flour from this port during the
first nine months of the year were 599,792 bar
rels, against Gi»7,890 during the same time In
1597. Reducing this Flour to a Wheat basis
and adding It to the exported Wheat gives to
tal exports of Wheat during the nine months
Of 5,2r0,w0 ctls, valued at $7,735,500, against 7,
664,800 ctls, at $11,406.1)1)0 in 1597.
NEW YORK DRIED FRUIT MARKET.
The New York Commercial, under date of
October 11, says:
"There la little perceptible difference as
compared with previous conditions. All dried
fruit men are willing- to admit that even
though prices are held firm, trade is dull and
demand much smaller than is usually expect
ed at this season.
"The raisin situation is not cleared at all.
Buyers are holding off, waiting for the an
nouncement of the association, and movement
Is restricted in consequence. There is gener- t
ally brisk tra<le in raisins at this season, but ■,
present circumstances prevent that, and the
entire trade has assumed a waiting attitude.
"Prunes are unchanged from last week.
Large sizes are wanted, but large sizes are
unobtainable. Buyers do not care to pay the
price aske<" for small sizes, and holders prefer
to keep their large ones to assist In moving
the undesirable stocks. The result is restric
tion of movement, which shows little Indica
tion of Increasing.
"Spot stocks of Valencia raisins are small,
•nd stocks to arrive are held at 6%e. There
Is some demand for old crop seeded, and prices
have advanced to G^c for 1-pound cartons, j
■while 3-crown are held firm at 7c. The first j
arrivals of new crop are expected about tha
middle of the week.
"The market is barely supplied with flgfc.
Estimates of yield are being reduced, and ]
from an early statement of 35.000 camel loads j
the figure is now down to about one-third that !
number, or one-sixth the yield for 1597.
"Apricots and peaches remain in virtually i
the same position as at last reports. Stocks !
are small; prices are ftrm; buyers and hold- !
ers appear to be apart in their views. The I
result is restricted trade and small movement, j
Some expert demand is noted, but no Import- j
ant sales reported."
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO, October 18, IS9B, 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were re
ported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka SS. Fresno S4, Los Angeles S4, Red
Bluff 84, San Luis Obls-vo 92. San Diego 68,
Sacramento S2. Independence SO, Yuma 90.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
76, minimum 66, mean 66.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure is highest over Washington and
Oregon, and lowest In Southern Arizona. A
trough of low pressure extends from Arizona
northwestward through the great valleys of
California: The pressure has risen over the
Rocky Mountain and plateau regions, and fallen
along the Pacific Coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. October 19. IS9S:
Northern California— Fair, except partly
cloudy along the northern coast Wednesday;
cooler; fresh northerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; cooler
In eastern portion; t'resh northerly wind.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
Utah— Fair Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair and cooler Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
fresh, generally northwest wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais— Clear;
wind west, « miles; temperature 69, maximum
temperature 75. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Oct. 18.— Prices of stocks
drifted sluggishly and to all appearances aim
lessly all through to-day's session. The almost
stagnant condition of the market was scarcely
relieved by a single feature. Even the "trust"
stocks fell into neglect after a long period of
fluctuations. Tobacco was forced down at the
opening on explicit announcements that the
much-talked-of plug tobacco combination had
once more fallen through. There was injected
Into the dullest portion of the day's tra<i:ng two
successive transactions of 12,500 shares and 6000
. shares respectively of Tobacco preferred at 115
"eeller 30. " This represented a transaction of
over $2,0u0,000 and was supposed to show the
disposal of tt.-a company's treasury stock, ap
plication for the listing of which was made
yesterday. The common stock was rather fever
ish for a time aftsr this, but settled down into
steadiness and neglect. There was an upturn
In sugar aIBO during the day, which was ex
plained by the news that certain grades of soft
sugars had been advanced in price. Realizing
subsequently wiped out practically all the ad
vance. The railroad list held generally firm
throughout the early part of the day, but sub
sequently eased off in sympathy with sugar and
the Northern Pacifies. The dally attack on the
coalers lacked vim and the decline only reached
a point in New Jersey Central. The traffic
statement of St. Paul for the second week in
October, showing an increase over last year' 3
earnings of nearly $140,000, is undoubtedly a
pretty fair indication of what is going on In
the grain-carrying roads. All reports agree
that it is difficult to secure enough cars to
meet the demand for the freight movement,
both east and west bound. The speculatlva
public apparently views these developments
■with apathy. The same apathy existed to-day
In all the security markets of the world, the
pause in London being attributed to waiting for
more settled political conditions and the com
pletion of liquidation In Berlin. The process of
accumulating exchange here is going on from
day to day and the banks continue to gain cash
from the sub-treasury. The final allotment of
Government 3s from Washington makes It
probable that Government deposits in national
banks will soon approach the $100,000,000 mark,
after which the deficit In the revenues is ex
pected to steadily diminish their account.
Bonds were dull but firmly held to-day. Total
sales, $1,345,000.
T'nitPil States old 4s registered advanced %,
United States old 4s coupon and the Es % in the
bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 174,500
shares, Including: Burlington. 3389; Manhattan,
8775; Metropolitan, 7500; Northern Pacific, 9555;
St. Paul, 9015; Union Pacific preferred, 4332; To
■ barcn, 14.955; Tobacco preferred, 18.559; Sugar
40,770.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 12% St P M & M 171
Do preferred 33% So Pacific 22
Baltimore & Ohio.. 44 t>o Railway 8%
Canada Pacific 82% Do preferred 34%
Canada Southern... 62% Texas & Pacific... 13%
Central Pacific 25 Union Pacific 32%
Chee & Ohio 21% Do preferred 65
Chicago & A1t0n. ..154 U P D & G 1%
Chi B & Q 114% Wabash 7
Chi & E 111 54 1 Do preferred 20
Do preferred 100 Wheel & L E 3%
CCC& St L 391,4 Do preferred 17%
Do preferred 86 Express Companies-
Del & Hudson Adams Ex 107
Del L & W 13^* American Ex .130
Pel & Rio G 12\ United States .40
Do preferred 64%1We11s Fargo 120
prle new 12%^ Miscellaneous-
Do Ist preferred.. 33 A Cot Ooil 35%
Ft Wayne 170 j Do preferred 85
Gt Northern prefd. l3B% Amer Spirits 11
Hocking Valley.... 3%i Do preferred 33
Illinois Central 108% Amer Tobacco 113%
Lake Erie & W 13% Do preferred 116
Do preferred SB% People's Gas ."..102%
Lake Shore l!>o\i;f'ons Ga5..... 171
Louis & Nash F.4%jCom Cable Co 179
Manhattan L 97%'C0l F & Iron 20%
Met St Rai1way... .160%! Do preferred 80
Mich Central l(«%lGen Elecnew 79
Minn &St L 27 Illinois Steel trs... 92%
Do Ist prefd 89%! La Clede Gas 47
Mo Pacific 32%: Lead 31«
Mobile & Ohio 26%, Do preferred ...'" 108
Mo X & T 10%>Nat Lin Oil 414
Do preferred 29% Haw Com C 0.... 43
Chi Ind & L 7% Pacific Mail 32U
Do preferred 27% Pullman Palace... 198
X J Central 85 Bilver Certificates.. 60U
N T Central 115% Standard R & T... 6
X V Chi A St L... 11% Sugar 113
Do Ist preferred. 60 ' Do preferred 107%
Do 2d preferred.. 30 TCi 1r0n.... 26« i
Nor West 12 U S Leather 6
No Amer Co 6 Do preferred C 3%
No Pacific 40 U 8 Rubber 37%
Do preferred 75% Do preferred 100%
Ontario & W . 14% Weet Union 90%
Or R & Nay 52% C & N W 131
Or Short Line 2s> ' Do preferred 176%
Plttsburg 170 |Bt L & S W ...... 4%
Reading 16%j Do preferred.. 11
Do Ist preferred.. 39 jR G W 27
Rock Island 100%t Do preferred 65
6t Louis & S F.... 7Vi Chi G W. 13%
Do Ist preferred.. 63 Brooklyn R T...... 65
Do 2d preferred.. 29%iPac Coast Ist pfd.. 80
6t Paul 107% l Do 2d prefd 60%
Do preferred 160 Minn Iron .....126
8t P &Om 79 Inter Paper C 0.... 53%
Do preferred 138 * .
CLOSING BONDS.
TJ S 35...... ........105% NY Central lsts..U7%
US new 4s reg.....127% N J C 6s 113%
Do coup 128% N Carolina 6s 122
V 34s UlVi Do 4s 103
Do coup 112% No Pac lsts... 117
' Do 2ds. 99 Do 3s 66%
\U S 6s r«g 112% Do 4s. 100%
So 6a coup 113% N V C & 8t L 4s. .104%
District 8.65s 117VS Nor & W 6s 123
Ala class A 10S Northwestern c0n. 143
Do B 108 Do deb sfl 1-UV4
Do C 100 O Nnv lsts 113
Do Currency 105 0 Nay 4s »%
Atchison 4s 9334 0 S Line 6s tr....126
Do adj 4s 71-s O S Line as tr....107
Can So 2ds 108)4 Pacific 6s of 95....inzi4
Chi Term 4s 89% Reading 4s SI
C & Ohio 5s 117 RG W lsts £7%
C H & D 4Hs 104% St L & I M C 65.. 97
D & R G lsts 110% St L & S F G 65. .119%
D & R G 4s B7U St P Con 159
East Term lsts 106'4'St P C & P lsts..ll9M,
Erie Gen 4s 79% Do 5s 11<%
F W & D lsts tr.. lihi So Railway 5s 9, ' a
Gen Elec 5s 108 Stand R& T C 5.... 76
G H <fe SA 6s 104 Term now set 35... V>4
Do 2ds 108 Tex Pac L G 1et5.. 107^4
H&T C6s HOVi Do Rg 2ds 45' A
Do con 6s 109 UPD & G lsts.... 77
lowa C lsts 106 Wab Ist 5s 113 Vi
La new cons 45....105 Vi Do 2ds S8
L & N Uni 4s 9o£ W Shore 4s 110
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries 78%
MX & T 2ds 61H Do deferred 7Vi
Do 4s SS% Wls Cent lsts 59
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar lo:Ontario .'. 3 50
frown Point OSiOphir 40
nnn cal & Va... Soi Plymouth 10
Deadwood 40 Quicksilver 1 25
Gould & Curry... 12 i Do prefd 350
Hale & Norcrss. MM Sierra Nevada ... 64
Homestake 00 00 (Standard 170
Iron Silver 641'nion Con 16
Mexican 10 1 Yellow Jacket .... 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Atchisnn prefd .. 32^s
Cnll loans 2@3 Bonds-
Time loans 3<S4 Atchieon 4s 93
Stocks— Wis Cent lsts ... 59
A T& S F 12^i Mining Shares— v
Amer Sugar 113 Allmiez Mm C 0... V.i
Bay State Gaa... I>£ Atlantic 23M.
Bell Telephone.. 27S Boston & Mont ... 237
Boston & Albany. 249 Butte & Boston.. 41V4
Boston & Maine. 164 Calumet & Hecla. 575
Boston L 69% i Centennial l^i
Chi Bur & Q 114-*, Franklin 13' s
Gen Elec new... 77%i01d Dominion .... 28Vi
Do prefd IG7 Osceola 64
Old Colony 192 Qulnoy 119
West End 85 Tamarack 176
Do prefd 108 Wolverine 27>4
Westlnghouse El. 83% Parrott 23%
Do prefd 5S jHumboldt 5
Ed El Tel 196 I
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
market? hf-re were very Idle but steady to-day.
I Americans were Irregular, but without note
j worthy c ange. Paris continues to buy South
I Airlran shares, which Is the best answer to
j the present reports. »".••• market Is also buy
! Ing copper shares, the prices of the metal con
tinuing to advance. Gold is being bought in
the market for America, through Paris, In
smal amounts, and this fact supports the dia
! count rate 9.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Oct. 18— Canadian Pacific 85H;
! Grand Trunk, 7**. Bar silver steady, 27 11-lSc.
j Money, 2V£3.
CALIFORNIA FRX'IT SALES.
! The Earl Fruit Company's sales of Callfor
| nla fnilt:
: CHICAGO, Oct. IS.— Grapes — Tokay, 55c@
! $2 45; Malaga, $1 10@l 35. average $1 23. Pears—
) d'Anjou. $2 65; Keifer, $1 97; Vicar, $1 60. Ap
j pies— Jonathan, $1 86. I'runee— German, $1.
I Peaches — Cling. 63c.
I NEW YORK, Oct. 18.— Grapes— Tokay. 75c@
! $1 65, average $1 31; double crates, $2 65@3 05,
I average $2 S2; Malaga. (I 20®l 75, average Jl 50;
! Cornlchon. $1 20(<? 1 60, average $1 3d. Pears-
Early Beurre, $2 So@2 90. average $2 62; Vicar,
!$1 5y Prunes— Sliver, $1 6oit 1 80, average $1 b6;
Italian, $1 4S.
Porter Brothers sales of California fruit:
NEW YORK, Oct. IS.— Grapes— Tokay, 9Occ7?
' $1 55 single crate; Muscat, Sl'c&fl 40; assorted,
CHICAGO, Oct. is.— Pearc— Bartlett, $3 box;
Winter Neils, $1 75@1 SO. Grapes— Tokay
$1 45 single crate; Cornichon. 96c®$l i
sorted, Ssc(3sl 25; Muscat, 60996 c; Malaga, <sc.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Oct. 18.— FLOUR—
23,232 barrels: exports, 13.511 barrels. Firmer
and fairly active at old prices.
WHEAT— 213.875 bushels; exports,
250,392 bushels. Spot steady. No. 2 red. 75% c
f. o. b. afloat. Options opened strong on sales,
but lost part of the advance through disap
pointing export developments and constant at
tacks from Chicago. Trade was mostly local
with foreign houses on both sides. The close
was stronß after a late rally, on reported frost
In Argentine at %@%c net advance. Sales In
clude* No. 2 red May, TuVjJiltoe. !
HOPS— Very firm.
WOOL— Dull. ,
METALS— feature of to-day s markets
for metals was a sharp further rise In the price
of tin to $17 75 as contrasted with $17 10 Sat
urday. Other departments were quiet to easy.
The sudden advance of yesterday having been
caused by some reaction in demand, and in
some instances prices as well. Sellers, how
ever, were most conservative, and offered very
sparingly pretty much all day. At the close
the Metal Exchange called:
PIG IRON— Warrants quiet, unchanged, 5,
b LAfcE°Co£pER-Flrm at $12 50 flat.
Firmer, iuvers and sellers at *17 75.
LEAD-Qulet and easy, $3 80 bid. $3 82%
asked The firm naming the settling price for j
leading Western miners and smelters quoted I
e |pELTER— Unchanged, with buyers and sell- j
€rCOFFEEr COFFEE— Options closp* steady, unchanged j
to 5 points lower. Sales, 10,000 bags, including
October. $5 30. Spot coffee, Rio quiet: niild,
tame market. Sales only small Jobbing trade.
SUGAR-Flrm; fair refining, 3\c: centrifugal
96 test, 4V-c; molasses, 3%c. Refined market
hl iuTTER— Receipts. 2700 packages, firm;
BUTTER— Receipts, 2700 packages, firm;
Western creamery. 15@22%c; Elgins. 22% c.
EGGS— Receipts, 8516 packages, firm; West
ern. 18%@19c.
NKW YORK, Oct. California Dried
APPLES — and steady; other fruits firm.
1 EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7@Sc;
prime wire tray. B%c; choice. 9c; fancy, 9%c.
PRUNES — per pound as to size and
q APRICOTS— Royal, ll@13c: Moorpark, 12616 c.
PEACHES— 7@9c; peeled, 12@150
per pound.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Oct. 18.— An advance of l@l%d tn
wheat at Liverpool over night, the reported
concentration of a large body of Russian troops
accessible to Peking, In addition to reports
! from New York that there were forty-two boat
i loads of wheat engaged for export, stirred the
opening market for wheat and made a strong
and lively affair of it. The stormy_ weather
In the Northwest was an additional influence.
It soon developed, however, that In the face
of thl6. Influential people here were selling
through brokers and commission firms. Then
came a denial of the export business at the
seaboard and there were reports also that the
j exporting firms were undeniably taking profits
jon long wheat. The actual export clearings
, wer* not up to the usual high total and the
primary market receipts Indicated that the
big export business could be supplied and leave
a surplus here besides. The early sales caused
a drifting down of the price and December,
which cpened %®%c higher, at 65%@65%c, de
clined to 65c. Bradstreet's report Indicated an
1 increase since two weeks ago of 4,737,000 bush
; els In the world's visible supply, which was
■ about 40 per cent of the amount expected and
• caused a recovery to 65% c. Reports of serious
i frost damage to wheat in Argentine gave the
I market near the4close quite a little strength.
There was a considerable short interest and
j the shorts were rather uneasy about standing
; out over the Jubilee holiday to-morrow. Trad
i ers generally In the last few minutes bought
I wheat with such freedom that December waa
'. advanced to 65% c and closed at 65%@65%0 buy
! ers, an advance of %c over yesterday. •
1 The strength developed by corn at the start
was due largely to a sharp advance at Liver
pool. The storms also promised to check the
arrivals and gave the bulls a chance to oper
ate with ciurage. There was considerable buy
ing at the outset, but It was met with realiz
ing later . The close was %@%c for the day for
December. • : -.
There was quite a large trade transacted In
oats at higher prices. The market followed
wheat and corn, May closing with an advance
of %c.
Provisions opened firm in smypathy with
j grain, despite an easier hog market at the yards
] aud large receipts here anu elsewhere. When
■ grain values r«-actod these influences had some
weight. Later in the session when grains be
gan to rally and when It became known that
there was a large demand for cash ribs, there
1 was a recovery in the whole list. Pork left off
I 2%c higher; lard and ribs gained 5c each.
i The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. . Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2— -.:.-.
October .... .... 65%
December 65% 65% 66 65%
I May '66% 66% . 66% 66%
! Corn, No. 2—
I October 31 31% 31 31 •
I December 31% 31% 31% 31%
1 May 33% 34% 33% 34
! Oats, No. 2—
! December 22% 23% 22% 21
' May 23% 24 23% 24
I MeuH Pork, per bbl —
December .....7 92% 800 790 800
i January , 9 17% 9 22% 9 12% 920
Lard, per 100 lbs—
December 490 4 97% 490 4 97%
January 500 605 4 97% 605
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
October ...5 30 6 37% 630 6 37%
January .......4 72% 480 4 72% 480
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm; No. 2 spring Wheat, 64% c; No. . 3 spring
Wheat, 62%«g64c; No. 2 red, 66@67c; No. 2 Com,
31% c; No. 2 Oats, 23c; No. 2 white, 25%@26c;
No. 3 white, 24%@25%c: No. 2 Rye, 49%©49% c;
No. 2 Barley. 32@45c; No. 1 Flaxseed. 91%@92c;
Prime Timothy Seed, $2 30; Mess Pork, per bbl,
$7 80@7 95; Lard, per 100 It>s, $4 97%@5 00; Short
Ribs Sides (loose), $5 20@5 40; Dry Salted
Shoulder* (boxed), $4 60@4 62%,; gi.©rt Clear j
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1898.
Sides (boxed), $5 25@5 35; Whisky, distillers"
finished goods, per gal, $1 26.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 15,500 7,600
Wheat, bu 234,200 106,300
Corn, bu 582,600 188,900
Oats, bu 491.700 423,500
Rye, bu 26.200 1.000
Barley, bu 194.700 9,600
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries. 14<g>21c; dairies,
12@18c. Eggs firm; fresh, 150. Cheese steady,
prices unchanged.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts, Shlpmentß,
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 317,680 102,400
Duluth 727,044 311 -^
Milwaukee 128,500 3.900
Chicago 231,250 10 5'?j$
Toledo 49,591 8,000
Bt. Louis 87,000 31,000
Detroit 18,496 4.893
Kansas City 76,500 152.500
Totals ..1,639,021 714,037-
Tidewater
Boston 131.878 ili*;:;
New York 213,675 205,392
Philadelphia '. 38.352 1.000
Baltimore 73,677 .......
New Orleans
Galveston ... .: 56,840
Totals 514.422 206,392
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— ©ct. Dec. Mar.
Opening 510* 6 9H
Closing oU^ 69%
PARIS FUTURES.
. Flour— • Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Openin7 « 80 47 00
ClOßing 47 90 46 bo
Opening*".'...... 21 95 21 95
Closing 2185
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. Oct. 18.— Special cable and tele
graphic dispatches to this city indicate the
following changes In the available supplies of
grain last Saturday, as compared with the pre
ceding week:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, Increase 3.475.000 bushels; Liver
pool Corn Trade News, afloat for and In
Europe, increase 300,000 bushels; total supply
Increase, 4.775.000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase 1,620.000 bushels.
The aggregate stocks of wheat held at Port
land, Dr., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash.,
show on Increase of 183, 000 bushels over last
week.
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Oct. 18.— Business In
Cattle to-day was dull and prices easy. It being
hard to make sales. Choice steers, $5 60@5 80;
medium, $4 So@s; beef steers, $4 10@4 75; stock
ers and feeders, $3@4 70; bulls, $2 40@4 25; cowa
and heifers, $3 50@4 25; calves, $3<§ V 7 25; Western
rangers, $3@4 60; steers, $3@4 50; Western fed
steers, $I<§s 50; Texans, $2 90<g>4 25. >■ :<.: <.
HOGS— Market 2%©5 c lower: fair to choice.
$3 B<S@3 90; packing lots. $3 45<&'3 77%; butchers,
$3 50Q3 &5; mixed, $3 50@3 S7>_; lights, %3 60®
3 90; pips, J2 75<S 3 90.
SHEEP— Market 5c lower. Bheep, $3@3 50 for
common up to $4 60@4 75 for choice to extra
flocks; not many sales made over $4 50; Weßt
ern range Sheep, $3 90@4 40; feeding Sheep,
$3 75@4 10: lambs, $3 90@5 75, a few strictly
choice selling around $6.
Receipts— Cattle, 4500; Hogs, 31,000; Sheep.
15,000.
KANSAS CITT.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. CATTLE— Receipts,
15,000. Best steady; others weak; native steers,
J4@s 40; cows and heifers, $1 35@4 25; stockers
and feeders. $2 90®4 50; bulls. $3<f3 75.
HOGS— Receipts. 11,000. Market steady to
strong; bulk of sales, $3 65@3 70; heavies, $3 65
@3 75: packers, $3 80@S 70: mixed, $3 55@3 70;
lights, $3 55@3 70: pigs, $3 25@3 65.
SHEEP— Receipts, 5000. Market firm; lambs,
$3 25©5 30; muttons, $3(34.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Neb., Oct. IS.— CATTLE—
6500. Market steady; native beef steers, $4 50©
6 30; Western steers, $3 75@4 40; cows and
heifers. $3 25@4; stockers and feeders, S3 60®
4 50; bulls and staRS, $2 2f.®3 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 4500. Market 5c lower, clos
ing strong: heavy. $3 62Mt<g 3 70; mixed, $3 65®
3 67>_; light, |3 67V_®3 72>_; bulk of sales,
S3 67%.
SHEEP — Receipts, 3000. Market steady; na
tive muttons, $3 80@4 40; Western muttons,
$3 60@4 25; lambs, $4_i6 40.
DENVER.
DENVER, Oct. 18.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1500.
Market slow for want of good offerings. Beef
Bteers, $3 50<J?4; cows, $2 50(?I3 25; feeders,
freight paid to river, $3 7Gif~4 20; Btockera,
freight paid. $3 30<g4 25; bulls, stars, etc., $2(33.
HOGS— Receipt?, 2.'0. Market firm; good de
mand. Light packers. $3 70*53 75; mixed, $3 63
©3 70; heavy, $3 55<?J3 60.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1200. Market active. Good
fat muttons, $3 75© 4 25; lambs, $4 25<_T5 25.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Oct. IS.— The condition of the wool
markets here remains in the tame unsatlsfac
t ,ry condition. It is onl- the knowledge that
the goods can be replaced at the same prices
that keeps prices strong. According to the
views of the leading dealers the outlook Is not
bright and they expect a slow business for
•Jnie to come. Territory wools— Montana
fine medium and fine, \A<ftYlc: scoured, 47®4Sc;
staple, EOOSSc; (tali, Wyoming, etc., medium
and fine, 14<S16c: scoured. 47t?4Sc; staple, 60c.
Australian, scourci basis — Combing, superfine,
70Q72C; good, BSfg^Sc, average 42365 c
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Oct. IS.— Consols, 109 9-16;
27 11-16.1; FrencTi rentes. 102f 20c.
Wheat cargoes off coast, nothing doing; car
goes on passage, quiet and steady; English
country markets, steady; wheat and flour on
passage to United Kingdom. 1,460,000; wheat
and flour on passage to Continent, 1,100,000.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. IS— Wheat firm; wheat
in Paris, dull; French country markets, dull
COTTON— Uplands. 3 3-32 d.
CLOSE.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 18.— Corn spot American
mixed new firm. 3s B%d ; October steady, 3s
B%d; November, steady, 3s B%d; December,
steady, 3s B%d. '
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 18.— The Wheat mar
ket Is steady, but freights are advancing so
fast that dealers are unable to force bids up
above Monday's figures. But few quotations
were made above 60c for Walla Walla to-day,
and some quoted down to 59c, with valley and
blue stem quoted at 62'f?63c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 18.— WHEAT— Club, 60%c
bluestem, 62% c n '
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or., Oct. IS.— Exchanges, $379,
379; balances, $61,316.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 14 g3
Sterling Exchange, eight 4 85
Sterling Cables 4 85%
New York Exchange, sight — 171?
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce 50
Mexican Dollars 47% 47^
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Have been active of
late at higher quotations, and as high as 27s 6d
has been paid for the usual European options.
The chartered wheat fleet in port has a regis
tered tonnage of 21,550 tons, against 79,100 on
the same date. last year; disengaged, 30,400 tons
against 25,160; on the way to this port, 160 750
tons, against 191,800. , ■ ' ""'' au
WHEAT— The market is firm and the demand
is good. The situation all around shows
improvement, but the rise in freights prevents
Wheat from going up as It otherwise would
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 18%@1 20; milling,
$1 22%@1 25.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9;ls o'clock — December—
6000 ctls, $1 21%; 10,000, $1 22; 8000, $1 22%; 2000,
$1 fa.
Second Session — December — ctls, $1 22; 12,-
Regular Morning Session — December— 6000 ctls
$1 22%; 44.000, $1 22%; 36,000, $1 22%. May— 4OOo'
$1 24%: 8000. $1 24%. * '
BARLEY— market is a fraction firmer
In sympathy with Wheat, but trade Is still
dull.
Feed, $1 20@l 22%; Brewing, $1 25 for No 2
CALL BOARD; SALES. /.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning: Session— 4000 ctla
*1 24%; 2000. £1 24%; 4000. $1 24%; 2000, $1 24V4. "
Afternoon Session— No sales, ,-< - • - ,
OATS— slack demand has led sellers to re
duce their asking prices, but the market con
tinues dull all the same. "■ • ■-
Fancy Feed, $1 26 jper ctl; good to choice
$1 20@l 22V4; common. II 15@1 17%; Surprise
$1 30@l 35; Gray. $1 1501 17%; milling, $i 20®
1 27V4 per ctl; Red, |1 40@l 45; Black, 11 &0($
1 70. . ■■•/■ ' .■, : :: ■ - • ' . **
CORN Quotations are reduced and the mar
ket is weak ami dull.
Small round yellow, $1 20; Eastern large yel
low, $1 05: white, Jl 05; mixed, |I@l 03% per ctl;
California White, $1 10. . ■
— Quiet and unchanged. California, |1 22V4
@1 25; Eastern, |l 17V6 per ctl. -: -
BUCKWHEAT— is quoted at |1 75
per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS. "
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 IG@4 25; bakers'
extras, |4 per bbl. .
| MI LLSTUFFS— In . sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to ; the ; trade: Oraham
Flour, • {3 25 ; per 100 lbs; '■ Ryo Flour, |2 75 per
*• . - ; .. ■'-.'- ■ ,^ - .-■■■... ..-I .. .' . i ■•- .- .\ - -■'.
100; Hlce Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 EO; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 26; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, fi 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 60; Buckwheat
Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina,
$4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $5 85<tj6 25; in sacks, J5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 60
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay Is very dull at the decline and buyers
take very little Interest In the market. There
1b no further change in Feedstuffg.
BRAN— sls©l6 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— »IS@2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, 126 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50; Jobbing,
?32@32 50; Cocoanut Cake. $24@25; Cottonseed
Meal. $2S<g.3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50@24 50;
Cracked Corn, $24©25.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, *1"@18 50 for
good to choice and $15@16 for lower grades; no
fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, $15@17 60;
Oat, $14@.15 50; Island Barley, *12 60@13 50; Al
falfa, $11@12; Stock, Jll@12; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Alfalfa, $10@10 60 per ton.
STRAW— SO@7Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEED.
Beans are dull at the revised prices. Seeds
are quiet and dried Peas are weak and neg
lected.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 So@l 90; Small Whites,
*2 05@2 17V4; Large Whites, $1 eo^l 70; Pinks,
*2 20&2 30; Reds, $3; Blackeya. J3 25@3 50; But
ters, nominal; Llmae, $3 25® 3 30; Pea, $190®
2 10; Red Kidneys, $2 60 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 50®4 75 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $4@4 25; Flax, nominal; Ca
nary Seed. 2V4<g2%c per lb; Alfalfa, e^^c;
Rape, 2V 4 (g'3%c; Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy, 6@si*c.
DRIED I'EAS— Niles, $1 25@1 iO; Green, $1 50
@1 75 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Everything quoted under this head is In am
ple supply for the demand and prices show
little change from day to day.
POTATOES— 4O@SOc for Early Rose and 85®
50c for River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 75c
@$1 20: Oregon, 65e@Sl; Sweet Potatoes, 75c@*l
for nearby and Jllgl 25 for Merced.
ONIONS— 3O@4Oc per ctl; Pickle Onions, 50®
85c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3@3^o; String
Beans, lV^'S 1 2Vjc; Lima Beans, 50i@75c per sack;
Bay Squash, 30@40c; Green Peppers. 60@60c for
Chill and 50@60c for Bell; Cabbage, 50c: Car
rots, 35@50c per sack; Bay Cucumbers, 40060 c;
Tomatoes, 45Q65c; Garlic, 3c per n>: Green
Okra, GOOKc; Dried Okra, 10c per IT>; Egg
Plant, 40@60c per box; Marrowfat Squash, |8@
10 per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25 lbs; sliced,
desiccated, 16tH8c; granulated. raw, 13c;
Onions. 60c; Carrots, old. 13c; new, IRo; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c: Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c. ,
POULTRY AND GAME.
Poultry rules quiet, there being considerable
Eastern on hand. Young stock Is lower.
Game still arrives in bad condition and only
good stock brings the prices quoted below.
Another car of Eastern sold at $6 for Hens,
J5 Bo@6 for young Roosters, $5 for old Roosters,
|4 60@5 for Fryers and $4 for Broilers.
POULTRY— Turkeys, 14@15c for Gob
blers and 13@15c for Hens; Geese per pair,
$1 25@1 60; Goslings, $1 25@1 60; Ducks, $4@o tor
old and $4@5 for young; Hens, *4@5 50; Roos
ters, young $4 50@5 50; Roosters, old, $4<gn;
Fryers, »4; Broilers, $3 60® 4 for large; $3®
3 50 for small; Pigeons, »I@l 25 per dozen for
old and $1 50(52 for squabs.
GAME— • ,
Quail $1 50@2: Mallard, $5@6: Canvasback,
$7 50; Sprig, »3@4; Teal, $2 50@3 B0; Widgeon,
$2@2'50- Small Duck, *1 B0©2; English Snipe,
$2; Jack Snipe, $lj Gray Geese. $1 50<g2; White
Geese, $1(61 25; Hare. $1; Rabbits, $1 2c@l oO for
Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Fine ranch Eggs are in light supply and firm,
but medium and lower descriptions are Blow
of sale and weak.
Butter continues to decline and is very dull.
No change in Cheese.
TIT Tr T I T T^* T? ■
Creamery— creameries, 26%@27%c; sec
onds, 25c.
Dairy— to fancy, 24@25c; common
grades, 22@23c. lS^2oc; pickled roll,
Pickled Goods— Firkins. lS#2oc; pickled roll,
19@21c; creamery tub. 21@22Vic.
Eastern Butter-Ladle packed, 16@16>40 per
IV Flgln, 22fi22V4c.
CHEESE— Choice mild, new, 10@llc; old. BH@
9V4c; Cream Cheddar. 10@llc; Toung America,
10H<??ll>4c; Eastern. 12@13c. JSgfJEfi
EGGS-*Ranch Eggs. SO© 3sc per dozen: store
E*g», IS^dc; Eaatern, 15@18c for ordinary and
22<&23c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Choice Wine Grapes are scarce, and some
sold over the quotations.
Cantaloupes and Nutmegs are doing better,
as there are few on the market now. Water
melons are neglected.
Blackberries are no longer worth quoting.
Peaches and Plums are almost gone. Very
few are seen now. and those are not wanted.
Supplies of table Grapes are smaller, but the
market continues dull.
r>Erii>roi:s fri'its—
Strawberries, $1 50@4 per chest for large and
for small.
Flps 55®750 per box, double layer?.
Cantaloupes. 60c<g$l per crate; Nutmegs. 2.,<J
75c per box: Watermelons, $15©17 per hundred
for large and $B^l2 for small to medium.
Huckleberries, 5(5 6c per lb.
Quinces, 75<" &0o per box.
Pomegrantes, 50(&75c per small box.
Cranberries. $S per barrel for Eastern and
$2 50TC2 75 per box for Coos Bay.
Ordinary Grapes 25<@50c per box: crates sell
about 10c higher than boxes; Isabellas, 50@<oc
per crate; Wine Grapes, lir.-jHS per ton for
Zlnfandel and $11(314 for common kinds.
Plums 351075 c per crate and box.
Peaches. 40@75c per box.
Raspberries, $r.4?6 per chest.
Apples 3oigCoc for common, 75@S5c per box
for No. i and 90C(($l for choice.
Winter Pear*. 35<ir75c per box.
CITRUS FRI'ITS — Ornnges. $1 50 for
Valencia*. $1 2:>®l R0 for Mediterranean Sw«ta
and $I®l 25 for Seedlings ; Lemons, $1 £001 50
for common and $3<fifi for good to choice; Mex
ican Limes. $6 50© 7 50; California Limes — -;
Bananas, $1 25® 2 25 per bunch; Pineapples, ?3
<#4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
Trade Is dull as ever, though a slight im
provement In Peaches is reported.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 6H<g7c for 40-50's.
r>@sHc for 60-60' 4@4%0 for 60-70' s, 3Vi(3>3VSc for
70-SO's. 2%@30 for 80-90's, 2Vi@2%c for 90-100's
and l%@2c for 100-110's; Sliver Prunes. s@7c:
Peaches, 6®7c for good to choice. 7%®BHc for
fancy and 10@12%c for peeled; Apricots, l:-@
12c for Royals and 12<S12>>4c for Moorpam;
Evaporated Apples, 7%®7Hc; sun driel, 4«Jj
4V4C- Black Figs, sacks, 2(&'2tfc; Plums, AVi'tS
6c for pitted and l@l%c for unpltt»i; £tc
tarines, 6fi)7c for prime to fancy; Pears. UFc
for quarters and B®9c for halves.
RAISINS— 2%c for two-crown, k: for thre«=
crown. 4%c for four-crown. 4%@6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatols and $1 SO
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2c.
NUTS— Walnuts, 6c for hardshell. 7c for sott
shell; Almonds, &@6c for hardsn-11, l?c for
softshell. 13@14c for paper-shell; Peanuta, -iO
s^4c for Eastern and 4^c for California: Pe
cans 6Mi<(ißc; Filberts, gViifrlOc: Brazil Nuts.
S@9c per ib; Cocoanuts. $4 &o©>s per hundred.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6H@
7c: HRht amber extracted, 6c; dark, s@s>£c
BEESWAX— per lb.
PROVISIONS.
■"-tees for all kinds remain undisturbed. The
demand is poor.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7%c per lb for
heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for light, 10^c
for extra light and 12@12 for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, - 10c; . California
Hams, 9(i79'-c; Mess. Beef, Ilo@lo B0 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef. $11@11 60: Family Beef, Jl2#
12 50; extra Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $IS<B>
18 50; mess, $15 50@18; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c
per lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 5Hc per lb
for compound and 6%<87c for pure: palls, 7^c:
California tierces, 4-v.<jjsc per lb for compound
and 6c for pure; half barrels, 6^c; 10-lb tins,
7>.>c; 6-Ib tins. 7%c. ,^ c ,,
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 5T4@6%c; packages
less than 300 lbs— l-lb paijs. 60 In a case, 9VSc;
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, S%c; 5-lb palls. 12 in a
case, BV4c; 10-lb palls, 6 In a case. B%e; 50-lb
tins 1 or 2 In a case, 7^c: wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7Hc; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
turn • f..i faaia - . . ...*". ■ ■ ■- ' "■* ' *
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Wool is Just where it has been for weeks, neg
lected and nominal. Hides are quiet and un
changed. Hops ara selling fairly at steady
prices.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about 1c under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, B^c; Cow
hides, BV4*'9Vtc; Stags. 6c; salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
9c; dry Hides, sound, 15^: culls and brands,
12fi130; dry Kip and Veal. 15c; dry calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shoarlings, lr.iff 2sc each; short wool.
30<@'40c each; medium. 60!g.S0c; lonjf wool, 90c©
$1 10 each: Horse Hides salt. $2 for large and
$I®l B0 for small: Colts, 60c; Horse Hides, dry,
$1 R0 for large and $1 for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3U@3fto per lb;
No. 2, 2V4®2%c; refined, 4'4#4%c; Greaae. 2c.
WOOL— IB 97 clip. Southern Mountain, 7ii?loe;
free Northern, 9®l2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9<fillc; San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months'. 8010 c: Foothill and
Northern, free, 12®t4c; Foothill and Northern,
defective, lO012e; Middle County, 13®lt>c; Hum
bolrtt and MendQdno, t4(ffl6c; Nevada, tO014e;
Eastern Oregon. 10<ffl2c; Valley Oregon, 15@17c.
HOPS— IB9S crop. ilftMc per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at i%<§6c; .Wool Bass. 26<S2Sc; Ban
! Quenttn Bags. $4 85; Fruit Bags, 50. sMic and
! 5%c for the three grades of white and 7@Sc
Wellington, $8 per ton;' New Welling
ton, $S; Southfleld Wellington,^ 50; Seattle,
|6; Bryant. $0; Coos Bay, $5: Wallsend. $7 00.
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $10 In bulk and $11 25
In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. *».
Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Cast c
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and ill
"CORDAGE— Manila, 10% c; Sisal, 9Vic; Duplex,
$i£c basis. > 'mr'Ai m.
CANNED FRUITS — Cherries, $1 35@1 40,
Peaches, $1 40@l 75; Pears, $1 40; Apricots. $1 «J.
CANNED VEGETABLES — Peas, 85c@$l 25,
Asparagus, $1 bO@Z 75; Tomatoes, 95c.
COFFEE— Rica — 15@17c for prime
washed, 14@15c for good washed, 15@16^c ror
good to prime washed peaberry, 12H»14c *°r
good peaberry. ll@13&c for good to prime. lv<Q>
lie for good current 'mixed with black beans,
8%@10&c for fair, s%@Bc for common to ordi
nary. Salvador— ll@l3%c for good to P rime
washed, 9H@llc for fair washed, 12@13&c lor
good to prime washed peaberry, B%@9c lor su
perior unwashed, SVic for good green unwasnea,
10%@llc for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Nicaragua— B@9c for good to superior unwashea.
10%@llc for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— for prime to
fancy washed, 12@14c for good to strictly good
washed, 9%<g)11%c for fair washed, 7@9c for me
dium E@7c for inferior to ordinary, 12®14c ror
good to prime washed peaberry, 10%®llc for
good unwashed peaberry. B@9c for good to su
perior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, 4c; cafes, se
lected, 4%c; imitation Eastern, s'4c; boneless,
sMic; strips, 6*«@'7V: bloc"ks. 5%@7c; tablets,
7%c; middles, 6%@S%c per lb: desiccated. S7M»c
per dozen; pickled cod, barrels, each, $S;
pickled cod, half-barrels, each, $4 50.
LEATHER— SoIe Leather, heavy, 25@28e per
lb; Sole Leather, medium, 24@25c: Sole Leather,
light, 23@25c; rough Leather, heavy, 24@25c;
rough Leather, light, 23@24c; Harness Leather,
heavy, 30@36c; Harness Leather, medium, 27®
30c; Harness Leather, light. 26@2Sc; Collar
Leather, 14@16c per foot; Kip. finished. 40@45c
per lb; Veal, finished, So#s6c; Calf, finished. 75c
<gsl; Sides, finished, 16@17c per foot; Belt
Knife, splits," 14@16c per lb: rough splits, B@loc.
OlL— California Castor Oil. cases. No. 1, 95c;
barrels, 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates);
Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled. 44c; raw. 42c;
cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra winter strain
ed, barrels 56c: No. 1, 46c; cases, 5c more;
China Nut, 45@53c per gallon: Pure Neatsfoot
Oil, barrels 65c: cases, 70c; No. 1 barrels. 55c;
cases, COc: Sperm, crude, 60c; natural white.
40c- bleached white, 45c; Whale Oil, natural
white. 40c;. bleached white, 45c; Pacific Rubber
Mixed Paints, white and house colors, $1 25®
135 per gallon; wagon colors, $2@2 25 per
gJ pETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA— White Coal Oil, In bulk. 12c per
gallon; Pearl Oil, tn cases. 17Hc: Astral Oil,
l7Hc- Star Oil. 17% c: Extra Star Oil. 21Msc:
Elaine Oil. 22V4c; Eocene Oil, 19% c: Deodorized
Stove Gasolinei, in bulk, 13c; in cases, 18>Ac;
Benzine. In bulk, 12c; cases. 17c: 86-degree
Gasoline, in bulk. 20c: In cases. 23c.
CANDLES— Electric Listht Candles— 6s, 16 oz,
7^c; 6s, 14 oz, 6\4c; 6s. 12 oz. 6%c; 6s. 10 oz,
4\ic. Granite (Mining) Candles— €s, 16 oz, S\e;
6s 14 cz. -.^c; 6s, 12 oz. 7V4e; 6s. 10 oz, 6\4c.
Parafflne Wax Candles— ls. 2s, 4s, 6s, 12b. white,
8c: colored *)c.
WHIIE LEAD— Quoted at 6^7c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, f.lc; in iron barrels,
46c- In wooden barrels, 48c per -Tallon.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 39c; raw, barrels,
37c; ra«- 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— S4I per flask for local use
and $37 for export.
SUGAR— Tho Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotas, terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7V c; Powdered.^6%c: Candy
Granulated. B%e; Dry Granulated, 6c; Confec
tioners' A, 6c; California A. 5%c; Magnolia A.
5%c; Extra C, 5Hc: Golden C, 5%c: half-barrels,
Me more than barrels, and boxes He more. No
order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Fine Beef and Mutton are not over plentiful
and prices are steady In consequence. There
is no further change in Hogs.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6!£?6Vi;C; second quality,
C'«.r; third quality, 4@sc.
VEAL- Large s@6c; «mall, 6V4@Sc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6<&'7c; Ewes, 6@6^c per
lb. ~
LAMB— Spring- I.antb, 7H<!?Se per lb.
PORK— Hogs, 3%@3%c for large, 4<gi4Hc
for medium and 3V«s3 l^c for small; stock Hogs,
2@30; dressed Hogs, oVi®6Y*c.
,■„- .. . .. .-.v. * •- - , . ■ ■ .. , ■
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, October 18.
Flour, qr ska .. S,234]Hops, bales 53
Wheat, ctls 2,!<45 Wool, bales ..... 76
Barley, ctls 620 Eggs, doz 7,770
Rye. ctls 20 Leather, rolls ... 142
Cheese, ctls .' 37 Quicksilver, flsk. 33
Butter, ctls " 201 Lumber, ft 20,000
Beans, 9ks 7,401 Shorts, sks 1,145
Potatoes, sks ... 2,'»f>l Pelts, bdls 236
Onions, sks 611 Hides, no 454
Bran, sks 2,435 Wine, gals 17.M6
Middlings. Bks .. 105ISugar. bags 640
Hay, tons 256 Raisins, bxs 0:»0
Straw, tons 19'Llme. bbls 162
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... l.OOOißran, sks 720
WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctls ..... 3,500 Oats, ctls 2,700
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 800 |
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 10|
-. m ■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mary J. Dllworth (widow) to Mary E. Daniels
(widow), lot on NW corner or' i'age and Devis
adero streets, N 30 by W 1<)1:6; tl2m).
Henry E. F. and Myra Williams to William
J. and Mary E. Power, undivided one-half of
lot on W line of Devisadero street, 134;b N of
Ridley, N 25 by W 125; $lv.
Alexander H. and Dlllle L. Buhne to Julia
Feige (single), lot on W line of Guerrero street,
51 :S S of Army, S 50 by W 100; $10.
Same to Eleanor J. Nolan (wife of John), lot
on N line of Twenty-seventh street, 175 W of
Guerrero, W 25 by N 114; $10.
Charles Nathan (by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society,
lot on NE corner of Thirtieth and Noe streets,
E 105 by N 2SS; $5605.
Joseph and Johanna Baralll to Martin and
Jane Sanders, lot on SE line of Stevenson
street 320 S\V of Fifth, SW 22:6 by SE 75; $10.
Samuel F. Weeks to Elizabeth F. Weeks (' 2 ),
Samuel F. Jr. and Gussie F. Weeks (Vs), lot on
NE corner of Tolo and Mississippi streets, N
433 by E 200; Rift.
Same to same, lot on E line of Howard street,
35 N of Twenty-first street, N 60 by E 100;
gift.
Catherine and James Kenney to Albert Sturz
inger, lot on W line of Fourteenth avenue. 199
N of C street, N 25, W 197:2. S 25, E 196:11; $10.
G. E. Kaetengren to Thomas Emmerson, lot
on E line of Eleventh avenue, 200 S of M street,
S 25 by E 120; $10.
Abraham and Minnie Cohl to Morris A. Cohl,
lot on N line of Clarendon avenue, 306:6 E of
Stanyan, E 25:1^, N 105:1. W 25, S 107:3, lot 47,
block 8, subdivision 1, Clarendon Heights; gift.
Lowry E. Rankln to William Zartman. lot 18,
block 11, Flint Tract Homestead Association;
$250.
Marlanna Bootz to Aram Bootz, lot on SE
line of Mission street, 17S SW of Olive. SW
267, SE 196:6, NE 98, SE 213, NE 556. NW 106:6,
SW 78, NW 3C3, lots 16 to 20 and 24. West End
Homestead; also lot on NW line of Old San
Jose road and SE of San Francisco and San
Juse Railroad, SW 162:4, NW 104. NE 195, SE
3:2, Repler Tract, Ocean View; gift.
Alameda County.
Ernest S. Angel to Standard Building and
Loan Association, lot on NW line of Fourth
avenue, 25 SW of East Ninth street, SW 25 by
NW 75, block 5. Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
John Tobler to Christina Tobler, lots 19 to 24,
27, 28, 32, 33 and 34, Lamp Tract, Brooklyn
Township; gift.
Same to same, lot on SW corner of East Four
teenth and ttassett streets, W 50 by S 100, being:
lots 1 and 2, map of Phillips resubdlvision of
block 773, Levy Tract, Brooklyn Township;
gift
Standard Building and Loan Association to
Edward J. Stewart, lot on NW line of Fourth
avenue 25 SW of East Ninth street, SW 25 by
NW 75 block 5. Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
Sarah J. Green to George P. Green, lot on E
line of Minturn Btreet, 125 S of Eagle avenue,
S 26 by E 10S, block 60, Town of Enctnal, Ala
mm w a> K g Vanderslice to Wllhelmlne T. Krambs
(wife of F. Krambs), lot on NW corner of Fifth
and Oak streets. N fai by W 75, block 128. Oak
laAnnlV°Foley to A. W. Hare, lot on SW corner
of Peralta and Lincoln streets, S 102 by W 250,
hlock 712 Oakland; also lot on N line of Temes
oal avenue, 100 W of Maple street. W 33:4 by
N 150, being a portion of Temescal Park, Oak
'a john nn M eX and J Katherine Brereton to Beredetto
Delucchi lot on'S line of Fourteenth street, 150
Wof Pefalta, W29by S 106:3, block 726 A, Oak-
a G W Langan to Edward and Lena Donahue,
the' W half of lot 3. block S, McLeod Tract,
Livermore, Murray Township; $150.
Joseph and Rosa Smith to M. I. and Marl.-,
de Sllvelra, 13H acres, bounded N by county
road Hay wards to Barren's Landing, E by
lands formerly of J. M. Alexander, S by county
road, Haywards to Mount Eden, and W by
lands of Silver and Enos or Perry, Town of
Haywards, Eden Township; grant.
George M. and Mary J. Oropp (by commis
sioner) to People's Building and Loan Associa
tion of Oakland, lot on N line of Carlton.
street. 227:6 W of Dana street, W 50 by N
134:6, being lot 24, block O, Leonard Tract,
Berkeley; $1518.
Hans R. Anderson to Lena Donahue, lot 11
and SW half of lot 10, block 3, McLeod Tract,
Livermore, Murray Township; $10.
Jane A. Nlghttnglll to Florence N. Pulclfer,
lot 1, Piedmont Terrace, Oakland Township;
gift.
W. P. Bartlett to Edward Donahue, lot 2,
block 3, McLeod Tract, Livermore, Murray
Township; $275.
Mary Gallman to Jacob F. Gallman, lot be
ginning at a point 90 W of Twentieth street
from the Intersection of Twentieth street with
Twelfth avenue, thence W 60 by 25, East Oak
land: $200.
Fred L. and Emma H. Button to Joseph H.
Simpson, lot 8, block A, Central Land Com
pany's Tract Oakland: $1100.
Sarah B. Harrington and David A. Matheson
to Mary L- Raun, lot on N corner of East
Fourteenth street and Seventh avenue, NW 75
by NE 146, block 67, Clinton, East Oakland;
$100.
Niels C. and Anna K. Lessen to Thomas H.
Betterton, lot on 8 line of Pacific avenue, 70:3
E of St&ntoa street, B 80:«, 8 125.67, W 30:6,
N to beginning, block E, Powers Tract, Ala
meda; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Bateman Bros, (contractors) with Wybro-
Hendy Company (sub-contractors), architects
Shea & Shea — Iron armored conduit system for
electric light wiring of the Hall of Justice and
Morgue buildings on block bounded by Kearny,
Washington, Montgomery and Merchant streets;
$2116.
Charles Page (owner) with "Williams Bros,
(contractors), architect Frank D. Van Trees-
Excavation, brick work (face brick furnished
by owner but set by second party, .Including all
brick for fireplaces), carpenter and mill work,
etc., except painting and plumbing, range and
heater, gras and electric fixtures, for 2-story
attic and basement brick building on N line
of Pacific street. 92:6 —of Pierce, N 127:5 1 i. E
65. S 127:SU. W 65: $12,499.
Same with W. F. Wilson (contractor), archi
tect same. Plumbing, gasfittlng, sewers and
tiling for same on same; $2075.
Same with J. H. Keefe (contractor), architect
same. Painting, enameling, etc., for same on
same; $1005. .
P. F. Dundon (owner) with A. McElroy (con
tractor), architect T. J. Welsh. All work, ex
cept roofing, gutters, all flashing connected
•with roof, sidewalk and curbing, Iron front,
etc., for a two-story building with concrete
foundation on E line of Main street, 229:2 S
of. Howard, E 137:6 by S 45:10; $6848.
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was no change worthy of note In min
ing stocks.
Best & Belcher Is assessed 10 cents and Mexi
can 10 cents.
The sugar stocks were tower, Hawaiian sell
ing down to $43 and Hana down to $16, though
both were steadier in the afternoon.
The Firemen's Fund Insurance Company has
declared a regular quarterly dividend of $3
per share, payable Octooer 19.
The Empire State Mining Company of Idaho
paid a dividend of 10 cents per share, amount
ing to $7500, on the loth.
The New York and Honduras Rosarlo Mining
Cnmnany has declared a dividend of 10 cents
per share, amounting to $15,000, payable Octo
e> rhe Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota will pay the usual dividend on the
The Alaska Mexican Mining Company has de
clared its sixteenth dividend of 10 cents per
share, amounting to $IS,OOO, payable October 28.
The Alaska Treadwell Mining Company has
declared a quarterly dividend of 37^ cents per
share, cr $5,000, payable October 28. This is
the thirty-eighth dividend.
The following ore shipments were made by
rail from the mines of Eureka and Hamilton
Districts, Nevada, for the week ending Octo
ber 14: From Eureka— Eureka Consolidated,
31,110; Excelsior, 31,360; Jackson. 30.730; Rich
mond 40 340 From Hamilton— McEllin, 33.840;
Rocco-La'nl & Co., 30,820; Rocco-Smlth & Jack
son, 81.950.
The Hawaiian sugar corporation of C. Brown
& Co. of Honolulu has increased its capital
stock from $600,000 to $1,000,000 and put $500.
000 of this year's profits in the reserve fund.
The new stock will be Issued as a dividend.
At the annual meeting of the Hana Planta
tion Company. Monday, there was a represen
tation of 42,025 shares out of 50.000 shares of
capital stock. There was one change in the
directors, C. Bolte of the Hawaiian Islands
being elected in place of S. W. Rosenstock.
The full board is as follows: M. S. Grlnbaum,
Thomas Jennings, E. J. Benjamin, C. Bolte
and A. Bachman. M. S Grlnbaum was elected
president. Thomas Jennings vice president and
D. C. Bates secretary. The financial statement
shows gross assets of $936,734 75 and liabilities
consisting of a bonded Indebtedness of $136,000
and outstanding drafts at the plantation of
$5733 59. •
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Oct. IS— 2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
D S Bonds— |S F O & E.... 85% —
4s quar coup.. 111%112% San Fran .... 3 3%
4s quar rejr...H0%111% Stockton Gas.. 13 —
4s quar new... 127^12814 Insurance —
33 new 105 — Firem's Fund.2oß —
Mlscellaneous-r ! Water Stocks
Cal-st Cab 55..115HU7 'Contra Costa.. 55 —
Cal El 6s 12-", — Marln Co 60 —
C C Wat Gs...NX>% — Spring Valley.loo —
Dup-st ex c... — 98% Bank Stocks—
E L. & P 65. .131%— Anglo-Cal .... 63 —
F& Cl Ry 65. 114% — Bank of Cal.. — 249
Gear— st R r>s. — 100 Cal S D - T.. — 100 .
HC & S 4%5.104 — First Nat J07% —
L. A L Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A.. 132
Do gntd 65.. 99 100% Mer Exchange — 16
Market-st 65...125% — Nev Nat 8....161 —
Do Ist M 55.114%114%i Savings Banks—
N C NGRy 75.104% — Ger S & L...1600 1530
N Ry Cal 6b.. — 114 Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 55..103%104% Mutual Say. 35 45
NPC R R 65.103 106 R F Say U.. 490 --'."'— I
NPC R R 55.100% — R & L, 50.... — 98
j N Cal R R ss. — — I Security S B 300 —
I Oak Gas 55....105%109% Union T C 0.1025. 1025 —
Cm Ry Cs 126 — I Street Railroads—
P & Ci Ry 65.106%108% California ....108V4109%
P & O 6sf. 112 — Oeary 45 —
Powell-st 65... — 123 Market-st 53% 54%
Sac El R» 55. 100 — Presidio B^4 —
SF& N P 05.109%109% Powder—
SlerraßCal 65.104%105^s California .... — 155
SPof Ar 65..10S — X D>Tiamite... 85 95
S P Cal 6s 11l — Giant Con Co. 49% 49v4
SPC I? c* 65..— 103 Vifrorit 2% 3%
S P Br 6f.\ ...ll r >V4US% Miscellaneous—
S V Water 65.117H — Al Pac Assn. .lol^lol%
S V Water 45.102>-4 — Ger Ld Wk5..160 —
Stktn Gas 65.. — Hana P C 0.... 16% 16%
Gas & Electric— H C & S Co.. 42% 43%
Cent GaslKrht.los — Hutch S P Co. 62% —
Cent I, ft P... 8 — ! Mer Ex Assn. 90 — -
Mutual El Co. — 10% Oceanic S Co. 56% 57%
Oakland Gas.. 53% 54 I Pacific A F A. 1% 2%
Pac Gas Imp.. 54% S6 Pac C Bor C 0.104. 104 —
Pac 1. Co — 4SV4 Par Paint Co. 7 —
Mornlns Session.
50 Hana Plantation Co 17 25
360 do do 16 00
250 Hutchlnson S P Co 62 50
40 Market-street Railway 54 00
$1000 Market-street Ry Con Bonds 5s — 114 50
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 43 75
150 do do 43 50
420 do do 43 00
5 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 25
20 do do 86 00
$4000 S F & N P Ry Bonds 109 75
RO Vigorlt Powder 2 62%
$6000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds ..103 75
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 37ft
Afternoon Session.
10 Giant Powder Con 49 62%
65 do do 49 75
Hana Plantation Co 16 2o
15 do do 163,%
50 do do •' 1650
3<o do do 16.5
50 do do 16 62%
4.'. Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. 43 2o
100 do do s 90 43 25
50 do do 8 90 43 12%
30Hutchinson S P Co 62 50
ID Oceanic Steamship Co 57 00
jS'K Gas & Electric Co 86 00
70 Spring Valley Water 101 25
$snoO Spring Valley 4s Bonds 103 37%
$2000 S F. & N P Ry Bonds 109 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Mornlns Session.
20 Spring Valley Water 19112%
40 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. 44 12%
35 Market-street Railway 54 00
Street —
75 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. 44 25
Aften.oon Session.
80 Giant Powder Con 49 62%
20 Hutchinson S P Co 62 50
30 do do .........V.... 62 37%
40 3 F Gas & Electric Co 86 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning: Session.
500 Mexican 10 1
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 131500 Gould & Curry.. 14
Chollar OS I 1400 Justice 05
100 Con Cal & Va... 64-600 Savage 0«
100 63|100Slerra Nevada.. 69
40.... 65 iIOO Yellow Jacket... 12
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 081500 Con Cal & Va... 62
600 Best & Belcher. 141200.....*. 63
Chollar 08 300 64
600 Potost 11 200 Union Con 18
200 Sierra Nevada.. 68 1
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 08 500 Mexican IX
500 Belcher 07 300 Ophir 44
1100 Best & Belcher 14 300 Savage .......... 06
400 Con Cal & Va... C 4 400 Sierra Nevada... 70
500 65 300 Union Con 20
300 Crown Point.... 07 900 19
600 Justice 04
. CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Oct. 18— * p. m.
Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 03 Julia — 02
Alta ....02 04 Justice 04 06
Andes ..........; 08 09 Kentuck ......: 01 02 j
Belcher 07 08 Lady Wash ... — 02
Benton Con — 07 Mexican ....... 10 . U
Best & Belcher 14 15 Occidental . — 75
Bullion ;. 01 02 Ophir ........... 45 46
Caledonia ....... 19 20 Overman ....... 01 02
Chollar .09 10 Potosi 10 11
Challenge Con. 12 13 Savage 05 06
Confidence — 45 Scorpion 03 —
Con Cal & Va, 64 6.'. Seg Belcher ... — 02
Con Imperial . . — 01 Sierra Nevada. 70 71
Crown Point ..07 OS Sliver Hill .... : —; 06
Con New York. — 01 Syndicate 03 , —
Eureka Con ... 30 — Standard 175 —
Exchequer .....— OS Union Con ...... 20 21
Gould & Curry. 13 15 Utah 05 06
Hale & Norcrs. 82 — Yellow. Jacket. 12 13
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Company.
Day of
Sale.
Savage
Bullion
Belcher"*
Con. New York...
Con. Imperial
Justice
Ciicllar
Crown Point
Alta
Best & Belcher...
Mexlcaa
96
63
C 9
15
41
63
47
60
65
CO
..Nov. 1
..Nov. 1
..Nov. 7
..Nov. 8
..Nov. 8
..Nov. 11
..Nov. 12
..Nov. 15
..Nov. 17
..Nov. IS
..Nov. 18
..Nov. 23
..Nov. 28
..Nov. 80
..Nov. 30.
..Dee. 8
..Dec. 5
..Dec. 7
|..Dec. 9
..Dec. 20
10
03
10
03
01
10
10
10
05
10
10
THB CALI/8 CALENDAR.
Pr.
7
M
21
"a"
Sa.
1
8
15
"5"
Lass Quarter,
It October 7,
xs New Mooa.
\2S October 16.
Moon>
't* First Quarter,
October 22.
October 39.
V
!
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrogrraphlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, ia
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matter*
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, If any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both place*.
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 19.
rises o:ia
sets 5:28
l sets B:3i p. m.
'iTlme
]I"w
Feet.
1:54
2:59
4:08
6:15
6:161
4.:
6:
7:
8:
9::
11:
2.
3.
3.
12::
I::
2:1
S:i
4:
B.
6 -
E.
6.
4.
7:38 -«.«
8:86 —0.8
9:33 —0.4
10:41 —0.3
11:45 0.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence aa to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tld«
and the last or right hand column gives the
lapt tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
eiven are additions to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus Fiscn (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number Riven is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch HydroßTaphtc Office, TJ. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchanga, San Francisco, Cal., Oc
tober 18. 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired). V. S. N.. In chary.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Alliance lOrepon Ports 'Oct. 19
Cleveland |St. Michael jOct. 19
Mariposa Sydney |Oct. 19
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Oct. 19
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 19
Washtenaw Tacoma JOct. 19
State California Portland [Oct. 20
Arcata Coos Bay (Oct. 10
Corona (San Diego iOot. 20
South Portland. | Puget Sound |Oct. 20
North Fork IHumboldt jOct. 21
Homer INewport Oct. 22
City of Rio J...!Manila Oct. 22
Chilkat Humboldt [Oct. 22
Mackinaw Tacoma Oct. 22
Xli Thompson.. Tacoma Oct. 22
Wellington... ♦..JDeparture Bay Oct. 22
Geo. W. Elder.. (Portland |Oct. 23
City of Puebla.. (Manila !Oct. 23
Del Norte 'Crescent City [Oct. 23
Walla Walla.... 'Victoria & Puget SoundjOct. 2t
Santa Rosa San Diego !Oct. 2*
Progreso 'Seattle Oct. 21
San Juan 'Panama Oct. 25
Columbia IPortland Oct. 2'~
Ootmßmy INewport 'Oct. 28
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Pail?.
Pier.
Columbia .. Portland Oct. 19, 10 am; Pier 24
China China& Japan Oct. 20, 1 pmiPMSS
Coos Bay... Newport Oct. 20. 9 am: Pier 11
Alliance Humbohlt Oct. 20, 10 amjPier 20
Arcata jCoos Bay jOct. 21, 10 am I Pier 13
Santa Cruz.'Alaska Oct. 21, 4 pnvPier 9
Pomona HumbolcK Oct. 21. 2 pmPter 9
State of CafPortland lOct. 22, 10 amPler 24
Corona !San Diego !Oct. 22. 11 am Pier 11
Signal jGrays Harbor ! Oct. 22, 4 pm
Australia ..Honolulu ;Oct. 22, 2 pmiPier 7
C. Nelson... jPuget Sound.. j Oct. 22, 9 am Pier 3
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd. ]Oct. 23, 10 am Pier 9
Chilkat Humboldt Oct. 23. 2 pm'PJer 13
Homer Newport iOct. 24, 9 ami Pier H
O. W. Elder Portland lOct. 25, 10 ami Pier 24
Santa Rosa. San Diego iOct. 26, 11 am j Pier 11
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, October 18.
Stmr Leelanaw, Storrs, 94 hours from Seat-
Stmr George Loomla, Bridgett, 33 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Noyo, Lundquist. 15 hours from Fort
Stmr Cleone, Miller, 14 hours from Albion
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, 22 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, 72 hours from New
port and way ports.
Ship Reaper, Toung, 11 days from Seattle
Br ship Sprlngbank, Boyd, 78 days from New
castle.
Bark Kate Davenport, Reynolds, 13 days from
Seattle.
Bark Alex McNeil, Nielsen, 7 days from Seat
tle.
Schr North Bend. Schmehl, 6 day from Co
lumbia River.
Schr Monterey, Beck, 18 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Br schr Abble M Deering, "White. 9 days from
Victoria.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, October 18.
Ptmr Columbia, Green, Astoria; Oregon Rail
way and Navigation Co.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle; E T Kruse.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanalmo; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms. Guaymas, via San
Pedro; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Schr General Banning, Thomas, Mazatlan:
Wm Olsen.
SAILED.
Tuesday, October IS.
Stmr Chllkat, Anderson, Eureka.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cru«.
Stmr City of Panama, Crowell. Panama.
Aus stmr Slam, Ralclch, Nanalmo.
Stmr Empire. Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Whltesboro. Johnson.
Stmr Mtneola, David. Taeoma.
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms, Guaymas via Ban
Pedro.
Stmr Santa Rosa," Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr Umatllla. Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Newburg, Hansen. • "
Bktn Catherine Sudden, Peasley, Wtllapa
Harbor. , ■
Bktn Gleaner. Sprague, Columbia River.
Schr General Banning, Thomas, Mazatlan.
Sohr May, Lewis.
Mcx echr Novnlate, Miranda. Aberdeen.
Schr Daisy Rowe, Wilson, Coos Bay.
Schr Nettie Low, Low. Point Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oet 18—10 p. Weather,
hazy; wir.d, S; velocity, 6 miles. . >''>_ .y. - =
CHARTERS.
The Henry Falling loads lumber and epara
at Tacoma for Hongkong; Produce, ■ mdse at
Seattle for Vladlvostock; "Wayfarer, wheat "at
Portland for Europe. 33s 9d.
' The Rajore Is chartered for wheat to Europe,
26s 3d.
SPOKEN.
Oct 4— Lat 38 30 N, long IS 30 W. Br ship Clt/
of Madras, from Penarth. for San Diego.
Oct B— Lat 49 N. long 19 W, Br bark WlndniH#>
from Barry, for .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ROCKI'ORT— SaiIed Oct 18— Stmr Scotia, foi
Santa Cruz.
EUREKA— SaiIed Oct 18— Stmr Alliance, foi
San Francisco; stmr Pomona, for San" Fran-
CiBCO. •
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 18— Stmr Progreso
hence Oct 14; stmr Salmon, from Alaska- bktn
Ruth, from St Michael. ■
.Sailed Oct 18— Stmr Salmon, for San Fran
cisco; bktn Leslie D, for San Francisco
PORT GAMBLE— Oct 18-Schr Inea,
for Sydney.
■ SAN PEDRO— Oct 18— Stmr Lakme,
from Tacoma.
COQUILLE RlVEß— Sailed Oct 18— Brig Con
suelo, . hence Sept 21. c ; ,-,-. . .
FOREIGN PORTS
COLON-Arrlved Oct 16-Stmr Advance, from
New York.
• IQUlQUE— Arrived Oct IB— Br Sh ' P Burmah,
nenee Aug 24. ■ .
T>S R . AW «n, "POJNT-PaFsed Aug 15-Br ship
B V^TSl^JiivJ 01 ' London. »o r San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN-Sailed Oct 17-Br ship Deo.
can. for Limerick. ' ■ - ■■
MAHUKONA— Arrl\-ed Oct 6— Brig Consuelc*
hence Sept 21.
_ HONIPU— Oct 6— Schr John G North,
hence Sept 18. ......
HILO — Arlved Oct < B— Schr SaoJr-»«- iron
Port Gamble. : %^.>ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
DOTTIE COOKE
GAVE HER ALL
TO CHILDREN
Big Annex Begun to
Fabiola.
NAMED AFTER ITS DONOR
EIGHTEEN LITTLE ONES WILL
BE CASED FOR.
On Her Death Bed Miss Cooke Willed
Her Moderate Fortune to
Enlarge the Insti
tution,
am
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Oct. 18.
Ground will be broken to-morrow for
the building of the "Dottle Gooke" Annex
to Fabiola Hospital. This annex is to bo
built partly with money that was the per
. sonal property of Miss Dottie Cooke, who
died last spring. During her lifetime,
which ended so soon. Miss Cooke was al
ways interested in children, and when she
died her private account amounted to
$3000. When conscious that death was not
far off, she requested that her money be
spent in some manner for the benefit of
little children. Her mother, Mrs. Har
riet Lee Cooke, after some consideration,
offered to build a children's annex to
Fabiola, and to endow it in such a man
ner that it will accommodate eighteen
children, which is one for each year of
her daughter s life.
The offer was formally made to the
lady managers of the Institution, and ac
cepted. The plans have bet-n prepared by
D. F. Oliver, the architect, and work will
be commenced right away.
The Dottie Cooke Annex will be two
stories In height and there will be one
large ward on each floor, with several pri
:ooms. A large playr. >om has been
arranged, which will be fitted with toy
and shelves and everything to make
the little unfortunates happy. The exte
rior of the building is of the Grecian style
of architecture and embodies all the latest
Improvements that have been developed in
similar Institutions. The connection with
the main building will be by an elevated
glass corridor from the second story.
A feature of the exterior will be the
porch entrance, which will be spanned by
a heavy arch supported on pillars. On the
face of this arch will be a tablet of stat
uary bronze, bearing the inscription.
"Dottle Cooke." The keystone will unfold
the words, "Her wish for children."
Prominent in the interior will be a mem
orial window, which will be placed at the
end of the playroom and will contain the
portrait of the donor, surrounded by a
Wreath of flowers with a ribbon, on the
flowing end of which will be written, "For
my sake let the little one 3 be tended."
The contract for the building has been
already signed and It will be ready for a i
dedication by Christmas.
MRS. LANGE AGAIN
LEAVES HER HOME
THE DESERTED HTTSBAJTC) IS
VERY GENEROUS.
Shields His "Wife and Takes All the
Blame, but Would Like to
Meet His Rival.
-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Oct. 18.
Mrs. Ottn Lange did not stay long with
her husband after her return from the
elopement with Mr. Barclay. She has
gone again, and her destination is un
known to her husband. He does not know
whether she has returned to Barclay,
but he prophesies great trouble for Mr.
Barclay should he discover that the err
ing pair are once more together.
Although Mrs. Lange returned to Oak
land last Friday, she disappeared the next
day, and has not been seen in this city
since, although some letters hays been re
ceived from her. Last Saturday she wrote
to her husband from San Francisco and
told him she was not yet ready to return,
he was advised not to worry over her.
and informed that when all the troublo
has blown over she may come back.
Mr. Lange has been to San Francisco
and has done everything in his power to
POSTUM CEBEAIi.
LOST HIS JOB.
Began to Get Well When He
Quit Coffee!
Tou could not get me to return to
Coffee after my experience, if you were
to give me a gold mine.
Two different physicians who treated
me helped me some, but as soon as I
left off the medicines I went down
L. F. McMINN,
1702 High St., Dcs Moines, la.
again. Npither of these doctors told
rrie that coffee was the cause of the
trouble.
I was compelled to give up my occu-
pation, and had been for a long time
conGtantly taking medicine of some
Bort. The trouble was Indigestion and
constipation, causing loss of sleep, and
running m e <j own serloU sly in weight.
I was discouraged with the drugging
and remained 111 until I noticed one of
your .. a vertlsem ents about how coffee
affected come people, then thought I
would stop drinking it and see If that
T noi ?  b , e the cauBe ot my trouble.
I took to drinking Postum Cereal Food
££**• &n A * r " W to 11Ve " very much
Indeed. A 8A 8 soon as I etopped drink-
ing common coffee I began to g« well
to iS? l n , Crea6 ? d ln weight from 140
to 158. blnce beginning Postum I
m a .d! ? 6Ver t f UM a PIU or any kind of
medicine, and I never felt better in my
nnd his wife, but he has not succeeded.
Information has been given him that Bar
clay recently purchased a ticket for Port
land, but that he was alone at the time,
and there is more than a suspicion that
he could Inform Lamge where the latter's
wife can be found.
"If my wife follows this man," said
Lang*, "I will thrash him severely. I do
not think she will, but am Inclined to
think she is in San Francisco. I would
give anything if I could find her, be
cause even if she did not want to come
l>ack and live with me I would be glad
to do anything possible to help her. I am
willing- to place all the blame on myself
for the trouble, and I do not think that I
treated her quite right. If I had been a
little more considerate I do not think she
would ever have left home, but perhaps
I did too much fault-finding. She has
come of our money with her, but
1 have a little left and she is welcome to
what she has taken. I want to have it
understood that the blame is mine, and
am anxious that all false representations
that have been published shall be cor
rected. I am willing to do all I can for
her."
IS BELL INSANE P
His Mother Has Him Detained at
The Receiving Hospital.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
906 Broadway. Oct. 18.
John A. Logan Bill, a waiter, aged 19
years, who Is detained at the Receiving
Hospital Is to be examined as to his san
ity to-morrow.
He resided with his mother, Mrs. Mary
Bell-Kelley, at 861 Harrison street, and
has for some time been employed as a
waiter at the Maison Piedmont Bakery.
He says he was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital this afternoon under false pretenses.
He appears perfectly rational, yet admits
that, though 19 years old, he has spent
two years at Agnewa Asylum. His father
died when the detained boy was 2 years
old and he left son and widow well pro-
"DOTTIE COOKE" ANNEX TO FABIOLA HOSPITAL, WHICH
WILL BE COMMENCED TO-DAY.
(From the Plan* of D, P. Oliver, Architect.)
vlded for. A few years ago the widow
married William Kelloy, horseshoer. but
obtained a divorce about six months ago
on the ground of habitual intemperance.
Since then she has been keeping company
with John Martini, a boatswain of Italian
extraction. Since then also the son has
repeatedly express--! his disapproval of
these friendly relations.
PROSECUTION CLOSES
IN MEADOR'S TRIAL
FOSTER TESTIFIES TO PRISON
ER'S PREMEDITATION.
Attorney Deuprey Says the Prosecu
tion Has Assisted the Defense,
Which Will Close To-
Morrow.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct 18.
The prosecution has closed in the case
of James Nathaniel Meadors, who is on
trial for the murder of Jonas Ury, a pri
vate of Company C, Eighth Regiment Cal
ifornia Volunteers. The trial was re
sumed in Judge Kllsworth's court this
morning when George Fouls testified.
But very little additional light was
thrown on the killing.
There was a long delay when the court
opened this afternoon, owing to the tardi
ness of Attorney Deuprey'a appearance,
and when Meador's counsel did appear an
other delay was occasioned through the
difficulty of locating H. G. Foster, who
when he was finally brought into court
proved a very damaging witness against
Meadors. His testimony was to the ef
fect thai Meadors, when first persuaded
to put up his knife, had said, referring to
Ury: "Never mina, I'll get you yet; and
you won't be the first one, either." Wit
ness, on cross-examination, said that he
had been to Piedmont baths with Mead
ors, but he denied that he had ever at
tempted to create opinions unfavorable to
the prisoner. During the afternoon Pri
vate Jarvis was recalled.
At the conclusion of Jarvis' testimony
Deputy District Attorney Harry Melvin
arose and caused a surprise by announc
ing that the prosecution closed. "But,"
said he, "Mr. Dtuprey and I have stip
ulated that when Dr. S. H. liuteau can
come he be permitted to testify as to
the location and nature of the wound
which caused Ury's death."
This was admitted by Attorney Deu
prey, who thereupon also caused a little
surprise by announcing that the defense
would probably close by to-morrow after
noon.
"I hope that there will be no misun
derstanding as to the prosecution clos
ing. I thought it would close to-mor
row, and under the circumstances have
not marshaled our witnesses together;
but I feel satisfied th>t the defense will
close its case to-morrow. The prosecu
tion has assisted us greatly in ascertain
ing what took place prior to the morn
ing of August 16. We might save time
by adjourning until to-morrow, and in the
meantime 1 will prepare my instructions."
Before the matter went over, however,
Attorney Deuprey called Deputy Sheriff
Smith to the witness stand. He wished
to bring out a conversation that he claims
took place between the deputy and wit
ness, H. G. Foster, in which the latter
seemed anxious to create an unfavorable
opinion as to Meadors. Deputy District
Attorney Melvin, however, stoutly ob
jected and hie objections were sustained.
KILLED BY THE LOCAL.
An Unknown Berkeleylte Crushed
Under the Wheels.
OAKLAND, Oct. 18.— An unknown man
was run over and killed by the Berkeley
local Rt the Oakland Mole Bhortly after
6 o'clock this evening. The lower Portion
of the body was horribly mangled, but the
face la perfectly recognizable.
The deceased 1b presumably a resident
of Berkeley. He tried to board the train
while In motion and fell under the cars.
He wa» evidently a stevedore and had
on a brown duck jacket, lined with, a
heavy velvet collar. The shoes were par
ticularly heavy. In his pockets was found
a bottle of black witch hazel naive and 25
cents in coin, but not a paper or anything
that would lead to his identification. ,
TnE SAisr fra^cisco call., Wednesday, October 19, isos.
DENOUNCES
INTEMPERATE
MINISTERS
Rev. Mr. Coyle Scores
Bibulous Pastors.
THE W. C. T. U. IN SESSION
REPORTS SHOWING THE WORK
OF THE ORGANIZATION.
Mrs. Sturtevant Peet Gives an Able
Address — How to Make the
White Banner
Popular. .
BERKELET, Oct. 18.— For the nine
teenth time in its history, the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union of California
met In annual convention to-day. The
full number of expected delegates have
! now arrived, and when the State secre
tary called the roll this morning, it was
found that enough were present to almost
fill the First Presbyterian Church in
which the conference is being held. The
white ribbon is everywhere conspicuous.
The delegates cling to their symbol of
purity, and the rules of the convention
require it to be worn upon all occasions.
With the opening session this morning
began the discussions of reform In which
the union is engaged. The temperance
workers are full of enthusiasm, and they
Bhow it at every opportunity. They cheer
for woman's suffrage, for prison reform.
fur the abolition of saloons, for prohibi
tion, for social purity, and for the raanl
foid movements in behalf of which the
white ribbon stands.
Mrs. is. Sturtevant Peet, the California
president, called the conference to order
shortly before 10 o'clock. A committee on
credentials was appointed consisting of
Mrs. R. A. Emmonß, Mrs. D. J. Spencer
and William W. Bangs, and on resolu
tions, consisting of Mrs. E. G. Greene,
Mi.ss S. M. Severance, Mrs. F. Bennett,
Mrs. Hardy and Mrs. A. J. Wheeler.
The secretary's report showed that there
are now 126 societies in the State, having
altogether 3047 members. From the re
port of the State Treasurer it was learned
that these had contributed a total sum of
$4890 39 during the last year. An increase
in membership of over 400 had been added
since the last convention. Reports from
the State superintendent of different lines
of special work showed that Interest in
them is on the Increase.
In a paper on "How to Help the "Work
Individually" Mrs. S. Vnn Lennep told
the white-ribbonists that their small white
tanm-r should be worn on all possible oc
casions. She argued for the instruction
of all children in the principles of scien
tific temperance, and paid a glowing trib
ute to Mrs. Hunt of Pennsylvania as the
originator of this branch of study.
The feature of this afternoon's session
THE HEINRICHS IN A
DISTINGUISHED RECITAL
■»TOT since the Henschels were here last season have we had a song re
|\ I fltfil as artistic and distinguished as the one driven in the Sherman A
11 Clay Hall last night by Mr. and Mrs. Max Heinrlch and their
daughter, Miss Julia. Mr. Heinrlch Is first of all a musician
sympathetic and informed— after
that he Is a singer. It la
his interpretation and the de
lightful authority of his accom
paniments that enthrall yt»u
rather than any special beauty 01
his voice, which Is somewha
elderly and in places worn. This
latter fact you cannot help bui
discover, but It is never made ob
trusive, for Mr. Heinrich makes
no wanton . vocal display. He
never exceeds himself; hi 3 aim is
to bring out the full value of the
score— the air, the text and the
accompaniment— which he does
with splendid inspiration and
analysis. His reading of Schubert
and Schumann songs is poetic
and musicianly to the last note
and in last night's programme he
paid a pretty tribute to several
American composers. His idea ol
"The Erlking" Is the most thrill
lngly impressive that I have ever
heard.
The same artistic spirit Is mani
fest In the singing of Mrs. and
Miss Heinrich. The voice of the
former is not a carnival of gay
color nor notably fresh, but the
art Is there; Miss Heinrich has
a sumptuous contralto, finely pro
portioned and warm and rich; she sings with copious color, and her enun
ciation, like papa's and mamma's, is faultless. The Heinrichs will give
other recital* In th© same hall on Thursday evening and Saturday after
noon. o.
MAX HLIINRICH.
was the annual address of the president.
Mrs. Sturtevant-Peet said:
"It Is because of unnatural and irra
tional conditions tliat the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union exists. This
is the twenty-fifth anniversary of the
crusade with which the movement orig
inated. For twenty-five years we have
Btood for purity and prohibition, ignored
by the courts and ridiculed by politicians.
It Is true the world takes little heed ot
our efforts. Our labor has been for free
dom. We look upon evil as the sole and
only cause of evil; It is only lack of back
bone and moral courage that tolerates
the saloon and perpetuates Its misery.
"There is too little sympathy and sup
port for the workers of prohibition. Too
many people are disposed to palliate the
evil which it combats. People who have
nothing but convictions upon this subject
are traitors, for it is treason for them to
ignore their duty toward existing condi
tions. The world brands us as fanatics.
But if to promote purity, to help the
fallen, is fanaticism, may God make us
all fanatics. Public opinion lauds deeds
of charity, yet It brands as fanatics
those who try to remove and eradicate
the causes of all this poverty and vice
which make this charity necessary."
The president was followed by the Rev.
W. W. Scuddor of Alameda, who, In an
address upon "The Responsibility for the
Status of Temperance To-Day ," laid the
blame for intemperance at the doors of
the church. "The fault was," he said,
"that the church sanctioned saloon li
censes. Even ministers and respectable
members of their congregations fail in
this respect. The church itself Is the only
organization that can change this condi
tion of things. Yet the church seems In
different. It does not put forth its great
est effort. It alone should inaugurate so
cial righteousness, and leave the State to
support and enforce it."
The Rev. John A. Wilson, D. D., enter
tained the audience with many humorous
stories. He argued for concentration of
effort In temperance reform. But the
reverend gentleman did not believe that
the church was responsible for intemper
ance, because, he said, the church did
not originate the evil. He estimated that
intemperance kept at least 30,000 people
each year out of churches and sent ;tt
least 100 ministers to drunkard's graves.
The Rev. John Coyle, D. D.. of Berkeley
said some hard things about ministers
who drink. "Intemperate ministers com
promise the morals of their congrega
tions." he said, "and, as a stream never
rises higher than its source, so the re
ligious reeling of the parish never gets
above the same level as that of the min
ister in charge."
At to-morrow's session the officers for
the ensuing year will be elected, as well
as the delegates to the next national con
vention.
DEATH OF F. W. WICKER.
He Succumbs to the Effects of the
Shot Accidentally Inflicted
on Sunday.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 18.— Frederick W.
Wicker, who shot himself accidentally on
Sunday afternoon while cleaning a pistol
at hlB residence, corner of Grand street
and Enclnal avenue, died this morning
from the effects of the wound. He passed
a reasonably comfortable night, the phy
sician remaining with him moat of the
time. At 7 o'clock this morning, how
ever, there waa a change for the worse.
Hia pulse went to 160 and his tempera
ture to 102, while there were indications
of blood poisoning as well as pleuro
pneumonia. All the efforts of the physi
cians proved unavailing, however, and
the Injured man passed away about 10
o'clock. Deputy Coroner Fowler will
hold an inquest to-morrow morning at 9:30
o'clock. Decedent was a native of Bruns
wick, Germany, aged 50 years, and leaves
a widow. The time of the funeral has not
yet been decided upon.
Reliance Club Boxing.
OAKLAND, Oct. 18.— The boxing at the
A NEW TAX LEVY
GIVES SOME RELIEF
OAKLAND, Oct. 18.— The City Council met to-night and again took up
the delayed tax levy. For several days the Tax Collector's office door
has been decorated with a sign containing these words: "No tax bills
ready. Rate not yet tixed."
An ordinance was already prepared when the Council met, and It was
at once seen that it had the support of the same six votes that passed the
former ordinance vetoed by the Mayor. Messrs. Pringle. Cuvelller and
Girard attempted to make a few changes, but the weight of votes was
against them, and with an explanation that It being so late something
must be done, it was passed to print.
The new ordinance reduces the amount for dredging the lake from
$SO,OOO to $60,000 and raises several of the department allowances above
those in the vetoed ordinance. The free library fund Is such that one of
the reading rooms only may have to be closed. The High School will
be $3000 below last year's cost. The street fund is cut, but as the ordinance
taxing vehicles 13 now being enforced much income is expected from this
source. This ordinance will be amended so that the vehicle tax will go
into the street fund. The amount for the east and west side sewers la
cut from $38,500 to $17,000 and the police and flre funds will be below those
of last year. The new ordinance fixes the levy at $1 21.
Reliance Athletic Club this evening drew
a large attendance. In the eight-round
contest between George Gates of the En
c-lnul Recreation Club and Jack Dennis
of the Olympic Club, the former showed
to good advantage and was given the de
cision. The other eight-round contest, be
tween Phil Gretiie of the Presidio and
"Bud" Parker of New Orleans, proved a
walkover for the soldier boy, who
knocked the Southerner out in the third
round. The preliminaries were interest
ing. "Kid" Johnson and F. Arnold boxed
a clever four rounds, and in one of
the other preliminari.s Charles Tye made
a show of T. McCarthy.
Harboume Heard FTom.
ALAMEDA, Oct. IS.— John Hansen of
thlß city, who has just returned from the
Klondike, announces that wnile in Alaska
he met John "W. Harbourno, the missing
librarian, who left this city about a year
ago under a cloud. He says that Har
bourne is interested in two claims and is
doing well. He told Hansen he was de
termined to make enough to pay off all
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■ - ■ --fxjTui.ru-u-m-^J- i_r.--. -i -Ln_i-.. .-
sentfreetolen
The State Medical Institute Disoorers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE. *
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne. Ind. It
I cured so many men who had battled for
I years against * the mental and physical
j suffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
1 tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a, home
i treatment and all men who Buffer with
any form of eexual wenknc- i resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss or
strength and memory, weak Lack, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
■ effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
' and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building, Fort Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute-
is desirous of reaching that great claea
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear ol
embarrassment Or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
025KEABNTNT. Established
In 1834 for the treatment of Trlvate
Diseases, Lost hood. Debility or
dlseasft wearing on bodynnd rntnd and
Skin Diseases. The dociorcures when
others full. Try him. Charges low.
t'nrrairuariintced. Callonvrlta
Dr. J. If. «aBBON, Box l»s7.SanFrauclaca
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
[fcv. Steamers leave Broadway
ffl^. ■wharf, San Francisco:
I mSRt. For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
HPEwfe^ Oct. 3. 8. 13. IS. 23, 28. Nov. 2.
ISk I«TiV4II transfer at Seattle.
MB&9N For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
lOHChEm c.), Port Townsend, Seattle,
r^SS&ffifcliiO Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Waeh.). 1«
a. m Oct. 8. 13. IS. 23. 28. Not.
■> .../< .v.i-ir fifth day thereafter, transfer at
La«le to't^ls company, .teamer. for Alaska
and O. N. Ry.. at Tacoroa to N. If. Ky.. at
VFV F n oo C r° U Eur e to C (HumbolJt Bar). I p. m.. Oct.
1. « 11 l" 21, 26. 81, Nov. I and every nrth
Vor Bant t "Cru« Monterey. San Simeon.
CasEco. ? Port Harford (San Luis Oblapo),
GavYota Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme
San PedroT East San Pedro (Los An«lg> and
NewDOrt 9 a, m., Oct. 4, 8. 12. 18. 2Q, i*. m. tiov.
I S3 1 every fourth day thereafter.
FlhrVtf « W sffiovfWd
ev'e'rv fourth day thereafter. "> - ?„' "'■ . ,
F« Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jos. del
Cabo Maxatlan, Altata, La Pas, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 18th ot .very
"For^further information obtain folder. Chan,.
The company reserves the right to ctaw
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ar,A hmtr< nf SsU'TUT
TICKKT OFFICE —4 New Montromenr
6 PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agta.,
10 Market at.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & n, co,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO •
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a.m.
CADC Sl2 First Class Including Berths
rMnL $8 Second Clnss and Meals.
Geo. W. Elder sails Oct. 7. 16. 25. Nov. I
Columbia Balls Oct. 10, 19. 28, Nov. 6.
State of California Balls -Oct. 13. 22. 31. Nov. 9.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
K. C. WARD, General Agent.
'■.-'■' t . .-.x- 630 Market street.
GOOD PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generals Transatlantique.
T ° (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS -*^b*
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday «SJ?Xfr
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North ■ iH " "i'»
River, foot of Morton street.
LA NAVARRE Oct. 22
LA NORMANDIE ••? ct 29
LA TOURAINE -Nov. o
LA GASCOGN'E.. Nov. 12
LA CHAMPAGNE .Nov. 19
First class to Havre $90 and upward, 6, per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre. $45: 10 per cent reduction, round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE 3
AND CANADA. 3 Bowllnur Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coaat Agents.
5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
PMHBMI#| S - S - Australia
a Sffljniw Ballt> ' or Honolulu only
• ff*ma««WHr.tur'',ay, October 22,
\,^<\\>\ *The PSP S. Is.I s'. MARIPOSA
(Ly^lJy The S. S. MARIPOSA
v Slfl3rn^ninc) • sails via Honolulu and
Q)1CoIIIJIIIk Auckland for Sydney
/QfrjiggniL. Wednesday, November
lyjinauiMgri, a t i p. m.
. Line to COOLGARDIE, 'Australia, and CAP
TOWN. South Africa. '
J D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO.. Agenta.
. . v 114 Montgomery at.
Freight of flee— B27 Market st.. San Francisco.
SAY AjID BIVEB STEAMEBa
"ToTuTsTnayy-yard and vaulejoT
Steamer "Montlcello."
Mon., Tue»., Wed., Tburs. and 5at............
9:45 a. m., 8:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thon.l
Fridays.... ..1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
8unf1ay*.. .............. 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Dock. Pl«r •. .
 , - . T>l«phot>» Red 21*1. ■■..,...■
TAKE THE BOAT TO 6AN JOSE
EVERT DAY AND SUNDAY TOO at 10 a, m.
Steamer ALVISO, Clay-atre«t Wharf, /ari» to
San Jose, BOo; round trip, 75c. Delightful Bay
Excurßions, ' Alviao and return, 750. Tclephon*
Malnl3M -: ■ ... '
the claims for which he was responsible,
and when he had done so he would come
back and settle.
Nance O'Neill in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Oct. IS.— The Macdonough
Theater was crowded to-nlgfht, the occa
sion being the appearance of Nance
O'Nehl In "The Jewess." Miss Lamson
(Miss O'Neill), was educated at Snell's
Seminary and has always been regarded
as an Oakland girl. To-morrow she will
appear in "Cam Tile."
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OP CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO, July 30th, 1898.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at Its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January, A. D. 1597,
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
Of the two houses of said Legislature Voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-wlt:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
4L)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, In relation to revenue and taxation, by
which It Is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 18. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or school district shall In-
cur any indebtedness or liability In any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding In any year
the Income and revenue provided for it for
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of Incurring such
Indebtedness, provision 6hall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the interest on such indebtedness as it falls
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, • which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same; provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with Interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of ar.y sewer or sewers in said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and in determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply In any man-
ner; and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo, in Solano County, may pay its exist-
ing indebtedness incurred in the construction
of its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability Incurred contrary to this pro-
vision with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
•.,'■■• 10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
Etate of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion to be known and designated as section
■even and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section 7H. The inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years. qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
land of such a county and the other copy
county, which shall be signed In dupli-
by the members of such board, or a ma-
y of them, and returned, one copy thereof
ie Board of Supervisors or other leglsla-
body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county. Such proposed county government act
shall then be published in two papers of gen-
eral clrculation in such county, or if there ba
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication It shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county at a general or special election, . and if
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, i and if ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and Bhall in such
caße become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
ail amendments thereof, and all special laws
inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting forth the submission of such county
government act to the electors, and its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made In duplicate and
deposited, one In the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded In the
office of the Recorder of Deeds in the county,
among the archives nf the county.
All courts shall take judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
emended, at Intervals of not less than two
years by proposals therefor, submitted by the
leelKlative authority of the county, to the
oualiflfd electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
in a newspaper of general circulation in such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the Qualified electors voting thereon,, and ap-
croved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any alternative article or proposition may be
©resented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately without s prejudice to
Ot It er snall b<* competent In all county * govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner in
which the times at which, and the terms for
which' several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
he elected' or appointed: for their compensa-
tion" for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
and for the compensation payable to each of
such deputies, for the manner In which, the
mp , in which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
elected or appointed and for the constitution,
regulation compensation and government of
such boards, and of their clerks and attaches;
also to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted- and may In addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate In any primary election.
'Whenever any county has, In the manner
and method herein pointed out. adopted any
county government act, and the same shall
have been approved by the Legislature as
R'oresaid the direction of sections four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
' srstem of county governments throughout
the State, and 'likewise providing for the elec-
t on and appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation of their, compengatlon. shall not apply.
Bald county government act shall, as to any of
the matters herelnabove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act, not be
subject to any law or^amendment enacted by
the T,»elslature. except by amendment first
submitted to the electors and ratified in the
manner herelnabove set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as section five ana
one-half, article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows:
Section 6%.. The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may oe requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
boar and determine all claims of every kind
and . character ■ against the State, tinder , such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
Its Judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
lows: ■ ; ' "■■- '•-"' '■•■' '■ ""': - ; '■:■"-■ .
In the City of Los Anireies, ! commencing on
the second Monday of March;, - .
In the City : and ; County of Ban ■- Francisco,
commencing on the second Monday in- July,
and
In the City of Sacramento, oommenelne on
AUCTION SALES.
£a KILLIP & CO., i»
Ltv» Stock and General Auctioneers, 11 Mont-
gomery street, San ' Francisco.
TO-MORROW.
THURSDAY, October 20, 1898,
AT 11 A. M., '
AT SALESYARD,
Cor. Van Ness Aye. and Market Street,
IMPORTANT SALE OF
HIGH-BRED ROADSTERS,
Property of '
THOMAS BROWN, ESQ.,
Comprising forty head of Mares and Geldings,
mostly standard bred, being the get of the noted
stallions:
DEXTER PRINCE. CUPID. DEXTERWOOD,
BAT ROSE, Etc.,
Out of the choicest bred Trotting Mares.
Among them are matched teams, very hand-
some and speedy. These horses are well sea-
soned, broken and ready to work. Horse* at
yard, Sunday. October IS.
Catalogues now ready.
KILLIP & CO.,
11 Montgomery st.. San Francisco,
ELEGANT UPRIGHT PIANO
AND MAGNIFICENT PARLOR CHAMBER
AND DINING ROOM FURNITURE.
THIS DAY.
THIS DAT fWEDNESDAT) AT 11 A. M.
1916 BRODERICK ST.. NEAR CALIFORNIA.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 602 Market. •
Th*« na Mon<s of November of each yew
£cciv« nn 8 h ? dln & m< * term of <»Srt SSI
Shall Uli™ com e tl°n therefor, but
™?lfTt. lTe thelr act "al expenses, to be paid
The jJ^% general fund of the Suite treasury.
£? nJ^* 1 ! 81 **"™ shall enact all laws necessary
cedurf^h? 0 ! , uch J court ' t0 Provide the pro?
If this ScuSi"* t0 ° arr7 ° Ut tte P IO **™-
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
Btat^f 1 ri l nf tO Prop >8e " t0 the people of the
■titiYti™ a ori la "^ amendment to the Con-
by adding V he Btate amending article eleven.
aTJectloif a nn l W Bection thereto, to be knowa
"nsolld«J U5U 5V ber fl e Mll one-half, relating t.
2m it! date<J city and county governments. The
Sertioi?^ «IT S€>CtlOn *° read as follows:
«iSi «l s^v. Th 9 Provisions of sections fonr
Krl.fat?nS 3, hlB /tIC/ tlCl hall not DOr Bhall any
mv ™L on ,. paßse<l pursuant thereto, apply to
£Sw Zr" ed «"y ">d county government.
ha« h-^ n * or h ereafter formed, which nhali
o^\. become ' or Bhall become, organized under
St^orThTs^ar^^. 11 ft charter under BeCtl<>a
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Sting Aoaembly Constitutional Amendment
. t No, 36.)
Ht»t« re^? lt JJ I< J?, t0 11 P T0 P°»« *o the. people of the
State of California an amendment of sectloa
ConSrSff Beo y°n sixteen of article five of the
£?,? I 11 . 0 of the Etate of California, by
which It is proposed to amend said sections to
reaa as follows:
-lf 011 *^ A »eutenant Governor shall b«
elected at the same time and place and in the
offl£ mn^le.rm n^1 e . r M the Gov ernor. and his term of
otflce and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
thVa£? 18 In case ° the Impeachment ot
>!m» T ol i. OI L hls removal from office, death.
Inabillty to discharge the powers and duties ol
\l*? ♦£'• resl^atlon or absence from the
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
residue of the term, or until the disability shail
cease. . And should the Lieutenant Governor b«
impeached, displaced, resign, die or become In-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or b« absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
11 the vacancy In the office of Governor shall
be nlled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy in the
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senate
shall succeed to the powers and d-ities of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall be
filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 3.8.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
six, article nine of the Constitution of the Stat»
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system Bhall in-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school ta.x
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall Include schools organized In s>
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand inhabitants, in
which a course of study Bliall be taught whloh
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific department of the Unlver*
sity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, In rela.
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
Is proposed to amend said section to read &m
follows: .
Section 2. The sessions' of 'the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian oa
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the .election of its members,'
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
in the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remala
In session for twenty-five days, after which it
must adjourn to some date not leas than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad.
journment. If the two houses fall to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete it*
session. No pay shall be allowed to member*
for a longer period than seventy-five 4aya, ba<l
no bill shall be Introduced la e/ther hou«f<* ex-
cept at the first twenty-ftr« days of the session
without the consent of three-fourths of thi
members thereof.
NOW, THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval." approved March 7, A. D. 1883,
the above-described proppsed amendments ar*
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at the election to be . held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 8. A. D. 1398.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon In manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, ' whereupon th" voter may express hli
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One. being Senate f.
Constitutional i Amendment No. 41 '
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Franclaco, and
the existing Indebtedness of the City Tec
of Vallejo for the construction of Its .
water works from the provisions' of Na
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the Income and reve-
nues of the year in which they were
incurred).' . ' i
For the Amendment? ' y
Amendment Number Two, being Senate f,
Constitutional - Amendment No. .10 Te*.
(providing for framing local county' — — —
government acts by Inhabitants of Ne
counties for their government).
For the Amendment? £;
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- f \i)% ''
ate Constitutional Amendment No.
+4 (providing for the creation of a
Court of Claims to determine claims Tec
against the State, and to consist of .
three Superior Judges designated by Ne
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation). ...
For the Amendment? li
Amendment Number Four, being As- '
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities Te«
and counties, organized or to be or- — —
ganlzed, or holding a charter un- Na
' der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation In relation to counties).
For the Amendment? • t
Amendment Number Five, being As-
sembly - Constitutional AmenJment , ' ';->; ■'
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor, Tea
' providing ' for succession thereto In — — .
certain easps and removing disability Ne
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term). '.
For the Amendment? ' •"
Amendment Number Six. being Assem- ' •
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 3S Tea
(relating to and denning Grammar — — -
' Schools). ■ - ■- . . ■ -Ne
> For. the Amendment?
Amendment Number Seven, being As- '
■embly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34 (provldtng for adjournment of Tea
' •Legislature for not i less - than thirty ■ -
! ' nor more than sixty days during each -No
session). ■ ' . . ■ ' - ..
For the Amendment T . ' -
Witness my hand and the Great Seal of- the:
State of • California, the day and year nereis
first al»ove written. •■•■■■- :,.•■• ••-..-., ■ • .
. • JAMES H. BUDD. Governor.
Attest i L. H. BROWN. Beoretary oX State.
ISEAL.I . .
910
PEEP O'DAY,
GAZE AND NOSEY
Were Winners at Morris
Park Yesterday.
SATIN SLIPPER'S FAST RUN
MOCH AND HEIGH HO FOOLED
THE HARLEM TALENT.
Arcturus, Parakeet, Sauber, Guess
Me, Jamboree and Gallivant Got
t^ the Coin and the Glory
at Latonia.
3"~ Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Oct. 18.— Five favorites
finished in front at Morris Park this
afternoon, viz.: Charentus, Gaze,
Catin Slipper, Peep o" Day and Nosey.
Lillian Belle was the only disappoint
ing first choice. Bona Dea, long due,
teat her out a length. Maher did the
best riding, putting two winners over
the plate. All the horses in the first
race were ridden by "maiden" jockies,
end Ryan graduated from the ranks?
on tha back of Charentus. Satin Slip
per's five furlongs in :5SV 2 and Peep o'
Day's mile in I:4OV^ were splendid runs.
First race, selling, seven furlongs.
* Name and. Wt. Jockeys. | »%. 4. %■ Str. Fin.
•Charentus, S3 Ryanl' 1 121212 14
Headlight 11. 108.. Carter 8 2 2 2 2
Fleeting Gold, 99....Eads 10 0 0 3
Field Lark. 92 Odom 0 0 3 3 0
Marlto, S9 Wilson 0 3 0 0 0
Time, 1:28. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Bquan 109, Atlantus 103, Julius Caesar 106.
Ttinaldo 102, Juno 94, Eight Bells 95, General
a^aceo I>s and Filament 92 also ran.
Sausalito odds— to 1. 8 to 1 and 10 to 1.
I Track odds— 2 to 1, 7 to 1 and 12 to 1.
' •Favorite.
Second race, two-year-olds, selling, six fur-
Jongs.
" Name and Weight. Jockeys. 4. V Str. Fin.
•Gaze 102 Maher 1 1 1 12
Oreatland, 106 Turner 0 2 2 2
Ben Viking, 100 T. Burns 8 3 3 3
Ar.itra, 92 ....O'Connor 2 0, 0 0
Time, 1:11%. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Easter Card 107, Champion 106. Hilee 102, Ex
ception 97, Mark Miles »a and Morning 92 also
xan.
Sauealito odds— 7 to 5, 3 to 1 and 4 to 1.
t Track odds— to 5, 9 to 2 and 7 to 5.
•Favorite.
Third race, the Castleton stake, eellinp, two
year-olds, five furlongs. ;
Name and Weight. Jockeys. j 4. %. Str. Fin.
•Satin Slipper, 104 Turner 14 14 14 11
XMmlnutive, 99 O'Connor 0 0 212 ;
Effervescent, 99 Burns; 0 0 3 3
Tender. 100 Maherj 24 24 0 0 j
La Cheviot. 94 Moody | 3 3 0 0
Time, :584. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Merry Heart 99 and Helen Thomas 94 also 1
ran.
Sausalito odds— to 6, 8 to 1 and 4 to 1.
• Track odds — 4 to E, 12 to 1 and 6 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, McGrathlana stake, seven rur
lotigs.
' Name and Wt. Jockeys. hi- 4. \. Str. Fin.
Bona Dea, 103...Clawson| 3 2 211111 ?
•Lillian Belle, 105.. Maher 4 4 4 3 2h|
1/Alouette," 102 ..Spencer 2 3 8 4 3;
Tabouret. 107 Burns 1 1 1 14 2 1 4 j
• Time, 1:274. Won liandily. Second and third
driving.
Saueallto odds— 4 to 1, 1 to 2 and 10 to 1.
Track odds — 4 to 1, 7 to 10 and 8 to 1.
; •F&.vorite.
Fifth race, handicap, one mile.
•Peep o' Day, 121 (Taral) '. 1
Warrenton. 110 (Turner) 2
Algol. 128 (Burns) 3 f
Time. 1:404-
Premier S7, St. Calatlne 106 and Lady Marian
85 also ran.
Sausaiito odds — Even, r> to 1 and 24 to 1.
• Track odds— Even, 8 to 1 and S to L
•■ , •Favorite.
Sixth race, selling three-year-olds, one mile.
" Name and Wt. Jockeys. | %. 4. %. Str. Fin.
•Nosey. 105 Maher 1 2 2 2 11
[Decanter, 105 ....O'Leary 0 0 « In 23;
Gala Day, 105 Spencer 0 8 3 0 - 3
Blarneystone, 165-Clawson 2 0 14 0 0
Miss Tenny, 100. Michaels 3 110 3 0
' Time, 1:41. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Saucallto odds— Even, 4 to 1 and 24 to 1.
\, Track odds— Even, 5 to 1 and 16 to 6.
•Favorite.
MOCH AND HEIGH HO.
Gallopers Which Downed the Harlem
Talent.
CHICAGO, Oct. IS.— Tlmemaker wu the only
: decided favorite to finish In front at Harlem
i this ' afternoon. The Pride, 4 to 1, got home
■ first in the initial event; Moch. 5 to 1. in the
'second; Heigh Ho, 6 to 1, in the third; Forte,
4 to 1. In the fourth, and Plnar del Rio, S to 1,
4n the last. Dupee was the only lad to pilot
two winners during the day. It rained hard
i after the third race was over. .
> First race, two-year-olds, maidens, five and
% half furlongs.
'' Name and Weight. Jockeys. 1 \i. %. Str.Fin.
The Pride, 105 11. Martin 1 1 2 It 1H
•6am Lazarus, 108..Beauch'p 0 8 2 2 1
#>hldla6, 118 1.. Tobln 3 0 0 8
•King-Rica, 108 Lynch 2 2 0 0
•Ju4ge Wofford, 115.... L. Rei«| 0 0 8 0
\ Time, 1:15%. Won driving. Second and third
I driving.
' Barrier 105, Forensic 108. Little Mlnch Jr 108,
\ Corrlllo 108, Goebel 108, Falsetto Jr 108 and
: Prince Michael 108 also ran. •
! Eausalito odds — 4 to 1, 3to 1 and 10 to 1.
N Track odds on winner— 2 to 1.
v "Favorite.
Second race, purse, ona mile.
■ ' Name and Wt. Jockeys. I V*- H. %. Str. Fin.
Moch. 101 Dupee 3 0 0 0 lVs
C. Fisher. lOL.Crowhurst 0 0 0 0 2
Beth Star, 101..McNlckle 2 2 3 8 3
Overland, 104 ..W. r>ean 0 2V4 2 28 0
Time, 1:52%. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving..
Cochlse 104, Second Chance. 104, Necedah 115
e.n<l *Carnero 107 also ran.
: Sausallto odds— to 1. 10 to 1 and Ito 1.
] Track odds on winner— lo to 1.
• •Favorite. ; - .. v l:.Vv
Third race, selling, six furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. j H. %. Str. Fin.
Heigh Ho, 104 ....J. Relffj 3 0 0 lh
Good Friend, 104.... H. Martin 0 2h 8 2 1
.Lucid. 107 Dupee 0 0 0 3
Graziella. 106 MoNickle 11112 0
•Corralls, 104 Everett 2 S lh 0
Time, 1:22. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
•Borden 107, King Bermuda ICI and Ruskln
108 also ran.
Sausallto odds— to 1, « to 1 and l» to 1.
Track odds on winner— B to 1.
•Favorites.
Fourth race, Columbia stakes, two and an
eighth miles. .
Name and Wt. Jockeys. | lm. 1%. 1%. 2m. Fin.
Porte, 91 .Dupee 2 2 2 2 110
Croesus, 94 Crowhuret 0 0 0 0 2 1
Elusive, 102...Beauchamp 3 3 I 3 8
•Boanerges. 104 .Bloss 1 1 12 12 0
; •F. Jaubert. 103.. Shields 0 0.0 00
Time, 4:lOMi. Won easily. Seoond and third
driving. ' .
Sausallto odds— 4 to 1. G to 1 and 6 to 1.
: Track odds on winner— 7 to 2.
' •Favorite. . -, -; ■-.;■. -jx
Fifth race, purse, seven ■ furlongs. \ ■ •
Name and Wt. Jockeys. %. H. %• lm. Fin.
•Tlmemaker, lll.C. Sloan 3 3 3 8 lh
Boney Boy, 88 Seaton -0 2 2 .2 2 '
. J'oiry Roger, 94".... J.Reiff 2 0 0 0 8
Verify, 103 ..Beauchamp 1 , 11 lh lh 0
• ; Time, 1:37. Won driving. Second and third
driving. - : • - ■ • ■—
' > Queen of Song 88 and N. N. Kaufman 108 also
ran. • ' ■' • .- . • ' . ■ . - '■..': '
'. eaueali to odds— Even, 10 to 1 and I to L
Track odds on wlnaer— t f» ■•• ■ - ■„
I " UTajrorit a. """—^_ i
Sixth race, Belling, six furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. H- %■ Str. Fin.
•Pinar del Rio, 104 Bloss 3 1 2 In
Mary Klnsella. 104 . . . . Shepard | 2 8 2 2
Hindoonet, 111 Lynch | 0 0 0 8
Free* Lady, 110 McNlckle] 12 10
Time. 1:23%. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Sausallto odds— 3 to 1, 6 to 1 and 8 to 1.
Track odds on winner — 4 to 1.
•Favorite.
PARAKEET AND SAUBER.
Six to One Shots That Got Home First
at Latonia.
CINCINNATI, Oct. IS.— Guess Me and Galli
vant were the only successful favorites at La
tonla to-day. However, there were only two
surprises, A returns and Jamboree, they being
well supported. Mathews rode the first two win
ners of the afternoon. The track was about
five seconds Blow to the mile.
First race, selling, one mile.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. Vi- %• %■ Btr. Fin.
Arcturus. 103 ..Mathews 2 2 S 18 13
•Rastus. 107 Conley Hi m 1 2 2
Domerus, 96 Wilson I 0 0 0 8 3
:>. liurd. KO.Harshberßerl 8 8 2 0 0
Time, 1:48. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Ossle 96, Katie Longfellow 105, Ondagne 105,
Miss Emma 106 and Mellle 105 also ran.
Fausaltto odds— 2Vt to 1, even and S to L
Track odds— s to 2, even and t to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, two-year-olds,' five and a half
furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. \b. \. Str. Fin.
■ Parakeet. 105 Mathews 1 12 1116
•Chancery, 112 Thompson 0 0 0 2
Ern-spie. 105 Aker 2 h 2H 8 8
; Press Klmball. 100.... Wi150n 3 3 2 0
Time, 1:13. Won easily. Second and third
! driving.
Feversham 100, Blenheim 105 and Eberhart
I IGS also ran.
Sausallto odds— 6 to 1, even and 2H to L
Track odds — 5 to 1, 4 to 5 and S to 2.
I 'Favorite.
Third race, purse, one mile.
Sauber, 97 (Southard) 1
•Maddalo. 104 (Gilmore) 2
I>omßie, 100 (London) 3
Time. 1:47. ~~ ~~~~~
Madrilene 101, Pacemaker 103 and Fireside 109
also ran.
Sausalito odds— to 1, 6 to 6 and 30 to 1.
Track odds— to 1, even and 25 to 1.
•Favorite.
:'".-•. j t •■ r-
Fourth race, Covlngton Autumn stakes, five
and a half furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. 4. %. Str. Fin.
•Guess Me, 105....Van Dusen 1111
Air Blast. 105 Aker 8 0 0 2
Semper Eadem, 104 Conley 2 2 3 3
Miss Stanton, 104 J. Hill 0 2 2 0
Nervura, 101 Frost 0 0 0 0
Time. 1:124- Won cleverly. Second and »irrd
driving.
Sausalito odds— to 10. i to 1 and 8 to S.
Track odds— to 6, 6 to 1 and 9 to 6.
♦Favorite.
Fifth race, selling, one and a quarter miles.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. j %. 4. \- lm. Fin.
Jamboree, 100 Aker 0 0 % 2 11
•Doncella, 102 Nutt 0 8 0 0 2
Kathie May, 102.. Taylor 2 0 1% 14 3
Mitt Boykln, lOO.Southard. 1 16 0 0 0
Maritl. 103 J. Hllll 3 2 0 0 0
I^easeman, 100..Gulterrez| 0 0 3 8 0
Time, 2.17 U. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Argus 103, Belzara 100, Jack Bradley 102 and i
Calus 107 also ran.
Sausalito odds— to 1, 6 to B and 24 to L
Track odds— 4 to 1, 6 to 6 and 8 to L
•Favorite.
Sixth race, purse, one mile.
•Gallivant, 103 (Nutt) I
Lyllis, 107 (Morrison) ' 2
High Noon, 105 (Aker) .' 313 1
Time. I:4S*;.
Myriam G 96, Suenell 99 and Suydam 108 also
ran.
Sausalito odds — 4 to 6, 3 to 1 and S to 1.
Track odds— Even, 4 to 1 and 6 to 1.
•Favorite.
Trotting Closes at Lexington.
LEXINGTON, Oct. 18.— After several in
tP-ruitions on account of the wet gTound
the trotting meeting of the Kentucky
! Trotting Horse Breeders' Association
' c.ime to a close this afternoon, the pro
gramme having been worked off In the
eight good days. The association has lost
money on the meeting, but it is In good
j financial condition and will not be affected
by Its losses. The track was heavy to
day. The horses trotted long mile's be
ing unable to get within fifteen feet of
the rail.
First race, the American Stock Farm
j purse, for two-year-old trotters, value
{.3000. Grade Onkard won rlrst and third
heats. Time. 2:81^4.-2:34. Lilly Sligo won
the second heat in 2:30. Oaitland Belle and
Ruth Clark also started.
Second race, the American Stock Farm
purse for two-year-old pacers, value $1000
— Ecstaey won in straight heats. Time,
2:22 13—2:19.1 3— 2:19. March Gale, Dr. Monvel and
Bride Elect also started.
Third race, the Blue Grass, for 2:19 class
trotting, purse $2000— Battleton won in
straight heats. Time, 2:2(7i— 2: 15^—2: 17^4.
Providence, Askey, King Rex and Dufour
also started.
OFF DAY FOR TOD SLOAN.
One© a Winner, Once Second and
Twice Unplaced.
LONDON, Oct. 18.— At the first day's
racing at the Galwick October meeting
to-day, R. McGulre's five-year-old bay
gelding Eilasslr won the Charlwood han
! aicap. Captain Machell's Leggan Hall.
\ three-year-old, ridden by Tod Sloan, was
' among the eleven starters, but was un
j placed.
The Horley handicap of 250 sovereigns
| was won by G. Machlaohan's Marthuse.
ridden by Tod Sloan. Betting was 7 to 4
against Marthuse.
The Surrey Nursery handicap of 500
! sovereigns was won by the Marquis dl
I Serramezzana's chestnut filly Miiztoa.
I The Lorillard-Beresford stable's bay geld
ing Manatee, ridden by Tod Sloan, was
unplaced.
The Ifleld plate of 100 sovereigns was
won by 11. McCalmont'B three-year-old
chestnut colt Goodrich, by Florentine, out
of Wealth. Mr. Vale's two-year-old colt
i Calicut, ridden by Tod Sloan, was second.
i and Maltese Cross finished third In a field
of nine horses. The betting was 6 to 4
against Calicut.
Rain Stops Racing at Columbus.
COLUMBUS, 0., Oct. 18.— Owing to
heavy rains during the night there was
no racing to-day. The programme will
probably be advanced one day.
GBAPE BUYERS IN TBOUBLE.
Gambitz & Dolheguy Call a Meeting
of Creditors.
Gambitz & Dolheguy, the produce com
! mission merchants of 216 Washington
; street, have called a meeting of their
j creditors for Friday. The firm has been
purchasing grapes round Geyservllle, and
j owing to a combination of circumstances
i rinds it difficult to fulfill its obligations
immediately.
HEALDSBURG, Oct. 18.— Gambitz &
Dolheguy began their operations in
Cloverdale just before the season opened
by contracting for grapes at $8 and $9 de
livered on the cars, cash in ten days. They
made purchases from Windsor to Clover
dale, but the bulk of their grapes were
i secured at GeyHerville. Some of those who
! sold to them became uneasy at delayed
1 payments, and one leading grape-grower
jat Geyservllle Bent a representative to
' San Francisco to look Into the matter.
! The result of this precaution saved him,
! for he disposed of the balance of his crop
i to a Healdsburg winery.
I A representative of a grape-grower here
returned from San Francisco yesterday
after interviewing Gambitz & Dolheguy,
and will be present at a meeting of the
creditors of the firm at San Francisco
on Friday next. While there will be many
sufferers In this part of Sonoma County
from the operations of the firm, there are
those well informed in the grape and
wine industry who maintain that Gam
bitz & Dolheguy have been a blessing to
the grape-growers of the county on the
whole, as they started the price at a
jrnod figure, and it is maintained that
had they not come into the field grapes
would have sold at a much lower price
compared to the good price received. The
loss pus* Ined in a few localities is ln
elgniflcar.t. _
Exhorter Nead's Case.
The question as to whether J. M. Nead,
the Methodist exhorter charged with va
grancy, will be tried again will be deter
mined by Judge Conlan on Saturday. It
Is not likely that a new trial will be
ordered, from the fact that the Jury stood
eleven for acquittal. Nead received a
letter yesterday from Chandler Bros.,
merchants. Rockford, 111., inclosing a cer
tificate of good character for the years
he was in their employment as salesman,
during which he handled thousands of
dollars. _. I
THE SAN FBANCISCO CAI/L, WEDNESDAY, OCTOIIKIt 19, 1898.
I . O. O. F. GRAND
ENCAMPMENT
Annual Session Opens
at San Jose.
REPORTS VERY ENCOURAGING
J. W. HARRIS OF THIS CITY FOR
GRAND PATRIARCH.
Congratulatory Message to President
McKlnley — Exemplification of
Degrees, Followed by
a Banquet.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 18.— All the grand of
ficers and about 200 delegates were
present this morning at the opening of
the forty-fourth grand encampment of
the I. O. O. F. of California in Odd Fel
lows' Hall. Besides these there are
about one hundred Patriarchs Militant
in the city and about the same number
of ladies who accompanied the visitors.
The grand patriarch called atten
tion to the position of Past Chief
Patriarch Ernest Dunker, for many
years sentinel of the Grand En
campment. Dunker Is now an inmate
of the Odd Fellows' Home at Thermo
lito. He has some means and it is sug
gested that the Encampment appro
priate a sufficient additional sum to
purchase him a $1000 life membership.
It is suggested that the Encampment
give its moral and pecuniary indorse
men to the "golden jubilee" celebration
of the order in California next year.
Decisions, appeals and other matters
were also dealt with.
Grand Scribe Barnes' report gives the
number of encampments as ninety-one,
with a membership on December 31,
1897, of 5334 — a gain of seventy-one for
the year, which, in view of the sur
roundings and also of the fact that this
branch of the order In many other
jurisdictions has lost, 1b very gratify
ing and encouraging.
Grand Treasurer Lemont Bhows the
receipts of the year to be: General
fund, with balance of $691 91 on hand
October 1, 1897, $3541 61; disbursements,
$2896 72"; balance on hand October 1,
1898, $§44 89. Mileage fund, including
balance October 1, 1897, $4208 40; paid
mileage of Los Angeles session, 1897,
52623 75; balance In fund October 1, 3 898,
$1584 65. Net resources of the Grand
Encampment. $2382 80.
The grand representative's report
shows that there are 54 Grand Encamp
ments, 2656 subordinate bodies fend 128,
930 patriarchs; total assets of subordi
nate camps. $1,529,131 59. The assets
of California encampments are $156,
462 39, or more than one-tenth of the
entire assets of the national jurisdic
tion. Total relief paid by the patri
archal branch throughout the national
jurisdiction, $265,965 15; paid by Cali
fornia, $17,458 15. The new encamp
ments Instituted during the year were:
Pacheco Encampment No. 50, at Hollls
ter, San Benlto County; Redwood En
campment No. 67. at Fort Bragg. Men
docino County; Azusa Encampment No.
54, at Azusa, L, js Angeles County ,
The following past chief patriarchs
have died since the last session: An
drew McAleer of No. 1, C. H. Mead of
No. 1, Hugh McCoy of No. 6, William
J. Tllley of No. 26, J. L. Brown of No.
34, G. E. Johansen of No. 57, Jacob Von
devate of No. 58, and Richard Siddail of
No. 82.
The reports of the grand trustees,
committee on by-laws and finance com
mittee were adopted. Those of other
grand officers were referred to commit
tee:;.
The following resolution. Introduced
by Grand Representative Duran, was
ordered forwarded to President McKln
ley:
Resolved, That the Grand Encampment.
I. O. O. F., of California, In annual ses
sion In the city of San Jose, send greet
lng to William McKinley, President of
the United States, and the soldiers and
sailors of our army and navy, congratu
lating them upon the wonderful and
speedy victories achieved by their brav
ery in the lute- war with Spain. To the
sick and wounded brave boys our heart
felt sympathy is extended. May their re
covery be speedy and their restoration to
home and family assured.
This afternoon the following nomina
tions of officers of the Grand TSncamp
ment were made: Grand patriarch. J.
W. Harris of San Francisco: errand
high priest, Joseph Foster of San
Diego; grand senior warden. P. D.
Gummoe of Nevada City; grand scribe,
William H. Barnes (incumbent) of San
Francisco; grand treasurer. Georce \V.
Lemont (incumbent) of San Francisco;
grand Junior wardens, C. H. Wever of
Alameda, A. C. Bates of San Jose. W.
E. Dubols of San Francisco, J. E. Har
ris of San Jose, James Ashman of Los
Angeles; grand representative, O. W.
Erlewine of Sacramento; errand trus
tees, H. S. Winn, F. A. Week. W. S.
Potter, all of San Francisco. The only
contest is over the office of junior war
den and the other officers will be elected
by acclamation to-morrow afternoon.
An amendment has been proposed by
which a patriarch wishing to Join an
other encampment can do so without
taking a withdrawal card or without
losing his membership In his original
encampment in the event that the en
campment he makes application to
should reject him.
I. O. O. F. Hall is crowded this even
ing with visitors. The patriarchal de
gree is being exemplified by Occident
Encampment No. 42 of Sacramento, and
the golden rule degree exemplified by
Oriental Encampment No. 57 of San
Francisco. Both degree teams are noted
all over the coast. The Oriental degree
team is sixty strong, has the finest
paraphernalia in existence and is said
to present its work in a manner unex
celled on the coast. A banquet follows.
ARGUMENT IS CONCLUDED.
A Decision in the Botkin Extradition
Matter Will Be Handed Down
on Saturday.
Whether or not Mrs. Cordelia Botkin
will be extradited to Delaware to stand
trial for the alleged poisoning of Mrs.
Dunning and Mrs. Deane will be decided
next Saturday. When the hearing of ar
gument was resumed yesterday morning.
Attorney Prank MeGowan proceeded to
make the concluding argument on behalf
of the accused. Mr. MeGowan confined
his argument to a repetition of the theo
ries advanced by associate counsel, George
A. Knight. He also Insisted that the
"constructive presence" of the prisoner
in Delaware was all very well in theory
but did not exist in law.
Taken altogether the proceedings
amounted to little more than a reitera
tion of the proceedings before Governor
Budd a short time ago. In which counsel
for the accused had all the best of the
matter. When Mr. MeGowan concluded
his argument the case was submitted
and will be decided on Saturday.
STOCKTON, Oct. 18.— W. A. Botkin of
this city, husband of Mrs. Cordelia Bot
kin, is much chagrined over the action of
Governor Budd in signing extradition war
rant, after what he had previously stated
in the matter. "I do not Delieve that they
will get my wife back to Delaware," said
he to-day, "but if they decide to extra
dite her, she might just as well be hanged
at once, for feeling overrides ail justice
there in this case. The people of that
State want some one to pay the penalty
for the crime committed and whoever
I might be taken back there will be con
1 victed beyond a doubt." J
SLANDER SUIT
NEARLY ENDED
Attorney Jarman Makes
His Argument.
DEFENSE SUBMITS THE CASE
EVIDENTLY A TRAP TO SHUT
OUT DELMAS.
The Latter Wishes to Be Heard, but
Rea's Counsel Vigorously Pro
test—Matter Taken Under
Advisement.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 18.— The opening
argument In the Jarman-Rea slander
suit was made to-day by Attorney A.
H. Jarman, son of the plaintiff. He
occupied the entire day. The facts of
the case were gone over and Kea was
referred to as a "pure-minded, high
souled" person, Interested in the wel
fare of the city, who stopped at nothing
crooked to attain his end. Rea's testi
mony was reviewed and the boss" falla
cies pointed out. Jarman finished a few
minutes before adjournment.
Judge Kittredge then asked Attorneys
Morehouse and Burchard if they wished
to begin argument. The defendant's at
torneys stated that they would submit
their rase without argument.
Delmas then wished to make a sup
plemental opening argument. This was
objected to on the ground that plaint
iff's attorney had completed his open
ing statement. Delmas cited authority
to sustain him, and Judge Kittredge
took the matter under advisement until
the opening of court in the morning.
It was evidently a trap set by Rea's
attorneys, but Delmas refused to fall
into it. By refusing to answer Jar
man's argument Rea's counsel ex
pected to shut out argument by Del
mas. If the court allows Delmas to pro
ceed to-morrow defendant's attorneys
will probably want to respond. The
case will go to the Jury some time this
week. _^_
UNDER THE BANNER
OF THE EASTERN STAR
ANNUAL SESSION OP THE
GRAND CHAPTER.
The Grand Matron Breaks the Rec
ords as to Visitations — Recep
tion to the Delegates.
The Grand Chapter of the Order of
the Eiastern Star held the first session
of the twenty-sixth annual meeting in the
Sherman & Clay Hall on Sutter street
yesterday morning-. The Grnnd Chapter
was called to order by Harrison D.
Rowe, the worthy gTand patron, and he
was assisted In his duties by Mrs. Eva
M. Porter, the worthy grand matron.
There were present in addition to the
gran* patron and matron 245 delegates
from the various chapters In the juris
diction, the following named grand offi
cers: Lewis Oliver Stephens, associate
grand patron; Mrs. Belle Smith, associ
ate grand matron; Mrs. K. J. "U'lllats,
grand secretary; Mrs. Jane Frances
Raahe, treasurer; Minnie Juliet Gree
nan, grand conductress; Agnes S. Hall,
associate grand conductress; Nancy
Jane Andrews, grand chaplain; Louise
Kidder, grand Adah; Helen Davis Pat
terson, grand Esther; Marie L. Coffin,
grand warder; Theresa Josephine Mer
win. grand organist; Charles T. Tr ussier,
grand sentinel.
The day's session was taken up In th
organization, retx>rt of the commltte
on credentials, and the reading of the re
ports of grand officers, which include<
those of the grand patron, grand matron
grand treasurer and grand secretary.
Grand Patron Rowe in his report gay
an account of his official acts during th
past year, and then read a circular o
warning in relation to the Court of th
Amaranth, claiming to be a higher de
gree of the Order of the Easterrj Star,
and directing the loyal members of the
order not to countenance "any institu~
tion claiming relationship or kindred,
either higher or lower, to the Order of
the Eastern Star." He dwelt at some
length on the Musonic Widows' and Or
phans' Home and to other matters of
the order.
There was a brilliant assemblage last
evening in Pioneer Hall, the occasion be
ing a reception tendered by the San Fran
cisco chapters to the grand officers and
the delegates. The half was decorated in
a most artistic manner with flags, bunt
ing, streamers and living plants. The
grand officers assembled in the ladies'
parlor, where they met all the delegates
and members of the several chapters who
are not delegates, after which there was
the grand march and dancing. The fol
lowing named composed the committees:
Reception committee — Miss Susan M. Wlllats. '
Mrs. Clara 8. Curtis, Mrs. Ada D. Hewes, Mrs.
Harriet T. Noah, Mrs. Josephine Velalr, i
Charlps L. Patton, Mrs. Annie McCord, Mrs.
MajtKle McDonald, A. C. Greenfield, Noah T. '
Sturvenant. Miss Anna SprecUels, Mias Mar- !
(raret A. Nobman, James B. Barber, Dr. George
E. Bubhnell, Mrs. Helen M. Wentworth, Mrs.
Amy J. Clark, Mrs. Ellen Wilson, M. A. C.
ChriEtesen. Mrs. Kate S. Rowe, Mrs. Frances
L. Bonnifleld, Mrs. Lydla A. Steele, Mrs. Susie
Dow, Alex Patterson. Miss Nellie Brown, Mrs.
Kate Bareillea. Mrs. Hattle C. Morln, Mrs.
Florence H. Merrltt, Miss Delia M. Nohman,
Mrs. Augusta T. Fletter. Mrs. Anna Johnson,
Mrs. Lydla J. WharlT, Lincoln S. Church. Mrs.
Marsaret B. Searles, Mrs. Sarah M. Flack,
Mrs. Virginia Fischer.
Floor committee — Francis A. Fletcher (floor
manager), Roberts Vandercook, David. B. Todd,
Walter N. Brunt, Arthur H. Mlllberry. Joseph
Umphred, Albert H. Merrltt, Leander Van
Orden, Rudolph W. Meek. James A. Wilson.
WTLLIE LYNCH'S ASSAILANT.
The Preliminary Examination of Po
liceman Kenville Continued
Until To-Morrow.
The preliminary examination of Police
man Frank L. Kenvllle, charged with as
sault to murder In throwing his club and
striking the boy Willie Lynch on the
head, fracturing: his skull, was continual
before Judge Mogan yesterday afternoon.
The witnesses examined were Dr. Hart
ley of the Receiving Hospital, Fred Mey
ers, Otto Lemeke, William Schonbien,
Fred Smith. Michael Riley, J. H. Healy,
Leater Goldberg, Henry T. Jones, P. A.
Clifford and William Adams. Dr. Hart
ley's evidence related to the naturo of the
boy's wound. The other witnesses did
not see the club thrown or see It strike
the boy.
Thomas E. liUdlUgton.a grlpman on the
Valencia-street line, was called for the
defense. He testified that he saw four
policemen running after the boys and
that rocks were thrown, his car being
struck twice.
The further hearing was continued un
til to-morrow morning at 11 o'clock.
MAY DIE OF HER WOUTS'DS.
Mrs. Miguel Esqueda Suffering From
Injuries Inflicted a Fortnight
Since by Her Husband.
The case of Miguel Esqueda, charged
with assault to murder, in maltreating
his wife to such an extent that her life
has been despaired of for two or three
weeks, was called In Judge Conlan's court
yesterday. For the prosecution it was
stated that three physicians had exam
ined Mrs. Esqueda at her brother-in
law's house, 331>4 Vallelo street. Monday
night, and had reached the conclusion
that she was In a critical condition. It
was proposed to remove her to the Ger
man Hospital, where an operation could
be performed in the hope of saving her
life.
Eequeda's attorney asked that the Judge
fix bondn for hip rilstiO. >"it the latter
refused, and mi h.< rpr)(ie»l of the prose
cution condntu'ii th 6 r hco for «. wek.
PATTON EI/EOTED PKKBIDENT.
Selected to Preelrl* Over the Califor-
nla Good Roads League.
Tlie California <}'■<. lloads Leaguo hw
elected fur lt&»preslderit '.n« ><f the most
popular IBM of Ibli -i»v. Charles 1* I'at
ton, Republican 'candidate tot the office
of Mayor. Moro n,,,., that the latter ha«
accepted the favor, stating that he nan
always boon n . Mnm-h supporter <>t the
movement for better 'streets and hiith
ways, and If elected t>f*t November ho
will while In ofllca do nvprythlng In his
power to effect the .I.Klr-.i reßUltß,
The selection of ■ now president of the
league wuh made necessary by thn r<>HiK
nation of I'rcHldcut Nowhall. who ha«
g-ono from the. Btate for novoral months.
The, members of the league, which com
prise branch organizations In nearly
every county in the Btato, hay« been
casting about for a week or more to find
a suitable successor to Mr, Nowhall, and
It was not until Mr. Patton accepted the
position that they were sure ot finding as
good a man for the place as the one who
recently gave up the chair of the organi
zation, .w/.. ■. •
TOOK FORCIBLE POSSESSION.
Chinese and White Men Ar« Hired to
Eject the Proprietor of a
Store.
Fong Leo, George Wilson and George
Tokauna were booked at the City Prison
yesterday by Detectives Ryan and ODea
on a charge of robbery. An additional
charge of battery waa registered againßt
them.
Fong Lee is one of the proprietors of
two junk shops, 514 and 1005 Sixth street.
His partners are Ngo Sing and Louey Lee
Lung. Fong has been scheming to get ab
solute possession of the stores and Mon
day night he employed Wilson, Tokauna
and two others to eject his partners. They
<lld so and when the police arrived they
round A\ ilson and Yokauna in charge,
lokauna had a revolver in his possession
and a charge of carrying a concealed
weapon was also booked against him.
The two partners claim that $400 was
taken from the place.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
BALDWIN HOTEL.
? m an Trlsdale. 11l (Mrs M Nance. S Maria
t Tx^ 0l ne New York Mrs A Anderson. Sulsn
V y P.. 0110 11 " '- Sn Jose lire S Boynton, Orovll
A X r Shelton & w, Cal MIBS M Hutchlns. Cal
Mrs O A Booth, Reno lO Grlbner & w, S Jose
Mis B Chapel. Sacto Mrs J L Roberts, Cal
h O Stephens & w, Cal I Mrs Stanton, Sacto
N H Conklln, Sn Diego Mies Stanton, Sacto
Mrs Botcock, Uklah |H Cavelll &w. Bacto
A J Barker, Angel Isld Mrs L Stephenson, Cal
«MIS« MI S J C Ora >', Yuba w Baughmer Aw. Bac
C F Parker &w, Cal B C Tucker &w. 8 Crz
L Glavlnorah & w. Cal Mrs B Bmlth, Stockton
Mrs Adams, Cal Mrs S C Laird, Loomls
Mrs Harvey, Cal Mrs C Layers, Loomla
Mrs S G Spagnoll. Cal Mrs E Denman, 7Peta
Mrs H X Cary, Lodl L R Tull. Napa
Mrs A Lallors, Lodl Mrs E Cole, Napa
! Mrs I Beck, Stockton Mrs E Logan, Holllstr
Mrs Talbot, Nev Mrs Hall, Vlsalla
Mrs Yates, Nevada Mrs L Blanchard. .Cal
C Brj'ton, Newman Mrs Morse. San Jose
N C Briggs. Holllster Mrs N Wines. S Roaa
H C Brlggs. Hollister Mrs Lewie. Sta Roaa
p W Harrier, Vallejo Mrs Davis. Sta Rosa
Mrs J C Woodard. Cal Mrs H J Ross Sta Rosa
J S Newman, N V I Mrs A Flsh«r, S Rosa
Mrs C Holland. La Ang Mrs J Elliott, Sta Rosa
Mrs D Fuller, Ls AngiMrs Arnold, Sta Rosa
Mra E D Johnston. Cal Mrs N Frank. S Rosa
Mrs W M Homey, Cal I M Martin, Sebastopol
Mrs M P Morgans. Cal Mrs demons, Nevada
Mrs J B Porter, Sallns Mrs G Kaba, Petaluma
X \V Devereaux, Cal Mrs W Morse, Sn Jose
Miss E Buten. S Rosa Mrs Bell, San Jose
E S Gray & w, Cal |Mrs Jones. San Joee
Miss R Reid. N J Mrs R L Porter. Sallns
T D Black & w, Salins'Mlss Porter, Salinas
Mrs E A Eaton. Sallns Mre Bath, Cal
W T Cooke &w, Cal Mrs Randall, Cal
L J Clemmer & w, Cal|C D Carl! & w, Merced
J Headier *\v. Cal F D Cobb &w, Stocktn
J J Gosper, Los Ang Miss Cobb. Stockton
H W Helss. New York'Mlss H Gray. Stocktn
Mrs C Warfleld. Mercd Mrs Bartholomew, Cal
A J Mills, New York D E Hall. Portland
A M Heryford, Reddng Miss E Relhl, Sn Jose
; Dr T Edwards & w.Cal Mrs S P Hart. S Rot>a
i A J McPlke. Vallejo Miss Hutchlneon. Cal
Mrs L A Forbes. Sacto Mrs J Hutchtnson, Cal
I H A McCroney. Sacto H D Rowe & w, Oakld
Wl' Nelson, Chicago Miss D Hewes, Oaklnd
Mrs Lloncott, Cal I B Porter. Salinas
Miss Brownstone. Cal Mrs M E Partridge, Cal
F Lemon. Boston , Mrs B T Lang-ford Cal
N Wines. Sta Barbara Miss M Correll. Cal
W Holllngberrry, Cal Mrs Davis. S Bernardn
R H Wllley. Monterey J T McKee & w, S Jose
Mrs W P Hall. Peta Mrs S B Davis. Btocktn
A Wanchos, v Sulsun Mrs J A Kleis«r. Cal
H Ruth. Sulsiin Mrs Sampson, Stockton
.Mrs D Oliver, Stockton W Corther, Los Ar.g
Mrs J Eaton. Stocktn C E Dunbar. Mt View
! Mrs Henry. Stockton I Mrs Dars, Oakland
Mrs Ruggles, Stockton F S Adams. Oakland
iDr Ruggles. Stockton J J Sallmayn &w, Colo
Mrs W T Pierce. Oakld C Vogel. San Anselmo
Miss F Orthe, Sn Jose I C Miller, Cal
Miss E Learns, Coronal Mrs Holllngberry, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
C Castro, S Clara G A Steel, Portland
J Halsey, Arizona G Glass Jr, Portland
A Goodman, NY C Schrelber, Ottawa
A Levlnsky, Stockton | R A Dobell. Quebec
C W Cousens, Boston' Mrs Dobell&m, Quebeo
i A Burnham Jr, Bostn Mrs Jones, Ottawa
E Goodhue, Honolulu Miss Wynne, Ottawa
H H Jacobson, NY Miss Dobell. Ottawa
G Coblens. NY EJ Ware & w. Topeka
H Pitcher, . Llvermore C Wlttkowskl, Russia
H Heyman, Phlla P Slobjeckl. Russia
A H Hoefer. Phlla R W Hill. L Ang
: W Robinson. Mich Dr H L Pace. Tulara
I L N Moore. Toledo Mrs Churchill, N V
W Peter Jr & w, CaliMrs Caldwell. N V
1 F Hammerfoht, Antwp Fennell, Napa
IG C Sweet, US N Iw L Wood*w, S Jo««
I Mrs Rogers, R Vista F Buck & w, Vacavllle
! Mrs Dodge, Minn H Gorham & w. Cal
I J A Greene. N V Miss Thomas, Sacto
M F Tarpey. Alameda Natt Stevens, N V
; L T Wright, Keswlck Mrs Stevens, N V ' —
I J Simon, Portland A B West, Stanford
I W B Devereaux, Colo J Latto, Indiana
j Mrs Latta, Indiana I
GRAND HOTEL.
| A Gage, S Mateo J D Young, Stockton
| W Magulre, Cal J Fargees & f, 8 Crua
j G W Watson, Eureka A J Breen, L Ang
! R Klnbrough. Sacto F J Cressey. L Ang
A G Lane, Seattle N Blackstock, Ventura
C P Soule, Chicago H E Irish. S Cruz
I \V Harris, Sacto Mrs Biddle, S Jose
S S Vail. Rocklin . R .Berger, S Jose g
| S Smith & w, Mich H Kind. Eureka
RF Briggs, Vancouver G Lingo. Birds Landg
Dr W D Rogers, Cal B P Tabor, Auburn
F R Argall, NY N B Turner. Martlnes
A B Eastwood. Newcsl Master Sawyer, Cal
L W Fulketh. Modesto! R H Sawyer, Cal
W Smlth&f, Ensenada Mrs M J Sawyer, Cal
J M Murray, . S Jose H H Blood, Nevada I
j S Biddle Jr, Hunford Mrs Anderson, Sulsun
| W M Heflow, Hanford E W Eastln, Modesto
E J Lowrey. Fresno H G Turner. Modesto
! E Beekman & w, Or P Mldell & w, Lodl
! Miss Beekman, Or EH Wlnshlp. . Napa
! L Calllsch & w. S Jose R R Raymond, Napa
W Buckley, Stockton S Cole, S Jose
E L Wllhoit, Stockton Dr E A Burchard, Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
! C X Blnkley & w, Cal W A Graham, Fresno
■ C Weston, 8 Jose J Vlnon, Vlsalia
; A D Arthur, Seattle H Moulton, L Ang
H Levy, Whatcom C Schleid & w, Mo
i P Dragovieh, S Clara C Parker, Bakersfleld
J Kehoe, R Vista . J Bell, Vallejo
P A Anderson, Sacto H E Shore & w, Cal
Miss M McClure. 11l IF W Winter. S Cru*
.1 T Richards, Portland: J C Small S Diego
L R Hadley. Portland T Halmuda, Fresno
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORT.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct 18— Stmr Bequoia,
for Sp.n Frfinclsco.
TRA NSATLANTICF STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived OcJ 18— Stmr Majes
tic, New York for Liverpool and proceeded
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct IS— Stmr Cevlc. for
Liverpool; Btmr Trave, for Bremen.
Arrived Oct 18— Stmr Anchorla, for Glasgow.
♦JAIN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
887 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Lark In street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner cf Twenty-second aa<* Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Marla^Klp
Orphanage of 5?0 Lake at., San Francisco
lias received the following orphan and half
orphan girls from July 1 to October 1, 1S98:
Margaret Edwards, 1 year 10 months; Grace
Jarretf. 4 years: Esther Jarr«tt, 2 years; Rosa-
lind Chrlstensen, 11 years; Hazel Wood, 5
years 2 months; Lillian Crummejr, l year Q
months; Dora au Buchon, 7 years 9 months-
Ruth au Buchon, 3 years 1 month; Margaret
Anderson, 4 years; Esther Petersen, 6 years-
Albertine Petersen, 4 years; Ruth Vanlcr. D
years; Ada Vanler, 1 year 7 months; Eva
Rhoade, 7 years 9 months; Jennie Scott, 7
years 6 months; Mary Scott, 5 years S months'
Amelia Scott, 4 years 1 month; Venus Maur-
tnon, 11 years; Katie Klrkham. 13 years 5
months; Oeorgle Klrkham. 11 years; JennU
Kirkham, 10 years.
BAD tenants ejected for J4; collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. room 6; tel, 5680.
DR. MACLENNAN cures where medical art
falls or no fee; free diagnosis. 100 Halght at.
ROOMS papered from $8; whitened. $1 ud-
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 843 3d it!
MEETING NOTICES.
! MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. •
M.— Called meeting THIS (WEDNES-_J\_
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First TLj\
degree. C. D. BUNKER, Secretary. /
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44. F. and •
A. M.— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _J\_
EVENING at 7:30 ..'clock. First de- J\jf
gree. THEO. FROLICH. Secretary. '^J
EXCELSIOR Lodge~No7TwrF~.~Wi<TA. •
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES-_JV_
DAY) EVENING, October 19, at T.^lfV
o'clock. First degree. #^r i
THEO. Ej. BMITH. Secretary.
THE regular meeting of the San Fran- ■ |
Cisco Bricklayers' Association will be 11
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- rffLf
ING, October 19, 1898, at B'nal B'rith*^/
Hail, 121 Eddy St., at 8 o'clock. A
full attendance requested. Business of ■
importance. E. J. BRANDON. Pres.
THE twenty-sixth annual picnic of the County
Monaghan Club will be held at Shell Mound
Park, SUNDAY. October 23. Admission 25c,
children free. A good time assured all who
attend.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds and sealskins; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company, San Francisco, October 17th, 1898. —
At a regular meeting of the Board of Direc-
tors of this company, held this day, a divi-
dend was declared, payable on and after
October 19th, 1898.
BERNARD FAYMONVILLE, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 60 (60c per
share) of the HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLAN-
TATION CO. will be payable at the office of
the company, 327 Market st, on and after
THURSDAY, October 20. 1898. Transfer books
will close on Friday, October 14, 1898, at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WAJfTED-FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS colored cook desires situation;
4 years last place; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED English nurse desires situation; best
references; city or country. MISS CULLEN,
326 Sutter st.
COMPETENT French second girl desires situa-
tion or as nursery governess; good seamstress;
best reference. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and laundress de-
sires situation; 3 years last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG German nurse girl, $10; also a French
nurse girl wishes situation, $10 to $12. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
NUMBER of girls, all nationalities, awaiting
situations at MRS. HIRD'S Employment
Office. 631 Larkin Bt. Telepnone Sutter 52.
AT the Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau a number of first-class girls await situa-
tions. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
ENGLISH, also German second girls, desire i
situations; best of reference. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St.
1 SITUATION wanted by competent Swlss-Ger-
! man girl In a respectable American family; is ,
a good cook: kind to children; understands
homework thoroughly; wages from $25 to $30.
J. E. 0.. box 26, Fniltvale, Cal.
RESPECTABLE Protestant woman, first-class
worker, will go by day or week; $1 day and
car fare. Will call with car fare, or come to
276 Jessie St.. room 2, downstairs, close to
Fourth st.
YOUNG lady of bright disposition, thoroughly
musical and artistic, would Ilka to accompany
a lady upon her travels In capacity of com-
panion. Box 555, Call office.
SITUATION by competent woman to do house-
work; city or country. Call for 2 days at "69
Mission st.
J COMPETENT young English woman wants
work by the day; $1 and car fare; references.
Box 1310, Call office.
GERMAN woman wishes a situation to do gen-
eral housework or keep house; good plain
cook; $10 to $12. 118% Ellis St., room 34.
YOUNG girl would like a situation as nurse-
I girl; wages $10. Call at 313 Sutter st.
! RELIABLE woman wishes to do house or of-
I flee cleaning or washing. Apply 1151 Mission.
WOMAN wishes situation in private family to
do housework, cooking and plain washing;
$10. 924 Washington st., near Powell.
• AMERICAN cook; do general work: city or
j country; reference. Box 80L Call office.
! YOUNG girl wishes to do light housework;
wagee $15 to $20. 1106 Taylor st.
| GERMAN woman wishes to go out by the day.
745 Howard st.
YOUNG girl wishes place In a delicacy store.
714 Turk st.
GERMAN girl wishes a place to assist In light
housework. 714 Turk st.
1 RESPECTABLE young woman, good cook, for
private family; general housework: $20 to $25
per month. 746 Mission st., near Fourth.
COMPETENT North-German girl wishes posi-
tion for upstairs work and sewing. Call 424
i Cedar aye., bet. Geary and Post., nr. Laguna.
COMPETENT woman would like position to
care for infant baby; Is neat plain sewer;
good references. Call 522 Stockton st.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires a situation as cook
or would do general housework; references.
1073V4 Market St., near Seventh.
2 RESPECTABLE girls wish situations to do
first" and second work in one house; refer-
ences. 350 Preclta aye., off Folsom st.
EASTERN young lady, refined and educated,
needs position; lady's companion or kindred j
employment desired. Address box 1312, Call.
YOUNG girl to do cooking or general house-
work In American family; wages $29. Call
811 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker, reliable, stylish
and quick, wishes engagement at $1 60 per
day; references If required. 616 Ellis st.
2 YOUNG ladles wish situations to do any kind !
of work; no postals. Address 3124 Minna st. !
COMPETENT dressmaker. $1 60 per day; suits
made in 2 days: dresses made over; work
taken home. 945 Sanchez st. , near 23d.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wants work by
day In families or at home; perfect fitting in
tailor-made and other dresses. 1411 Bush st.
HOSPITAL experienced nurse, companion or
housekeeper; kind, trustworthy; first-class
references. Call 3 to 5, 616 Mason st., or ad-
dress M. D.
SITUATION wanted by good woman to do
housework and cooking In small American
family. Call 1214 Laguna st. ; no postals.
NURSE, experienced, English, good references,
desires engagement. A. MAGILL, 665 Pine st!
PROTESTANT woman, good cook, boarding
house or private; country preferred. 912 Clay
bt., Oakland.
RESPECTABLE young German girl wishes
situation for general housework; no postals
Please call 2706 Folsom St.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a situation to
do light housework and help mind children-
wages $8. 3677 Twenty-third st., nr. Dolores.'
YOUNG woman, with child 6 years old, wishes
situation to do housework; bo objections to
country. 853 Folsom st.
YOUNG lady, with good English education de-
slres position to take care of children- sleeD
home; hotel preferred. 625 Third st.
$100,000 to loan, diamonds, silverware; low rates-
private entrance. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
AN experienced dressmaker would like work in
families by the day. or will take work home;
$1 25 per day. 1301 Mission st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to secure a
poslt .lS n o ln widower's family. Ap-
ply 407 San Pablo aye.. room 17. Oakland.
ENGLISH widow wishes to clean and "repair
men s clothes; small charges; best references.
Address Q. C. 1226 Stockton st.
ELEVENTH. 106— BraiTch "office of The CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE EmpT^gencyTaTrklnds
help. QEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 5«.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
_best help. 414H O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 42«.
FAITHFUL, sober man, who thoroughly un-
derstands horses, carriages and driving,
wants position In private family; can care for
garden or cows; references. Address O. H.
P., 522 Mission st.
STEADY young man wishes situation In private
family; understands care of horses; can milk,
do plain gardening; good home preferred to
high wages; good reference. A. ANTHONY,
Frultvale, Cal.
COACHMAN or general man wants situation;
understands the care of horses, harness, car-
riages, etc.; good gardener; single; best ref-
erences. Call at stable, 1217 California st.
YOUNG man desires a position in a private
place; can drive, teach riding and take care
garden; does not smoke or use liquor; English
experience. S. HOLLAN, 409 Sutter st.
WANTED— By young German, position as gro-
cery clerk and barkeeper; city or country;
good references. Box 1308, Call office.
JAPANESE young boy wants a position as
schoolboy. MASUDA, 521 Jessie st.
POSITION wanted by a first-class ladles' tailor
and cutter. Address box 802, Call office.
TO master bakers, pastry cooks, cake bakers
and restaurant keepers— Wanted, by respect-
able married man, aged 36, no lncwmbrance,
situation In either of the above; good all-
round workman; wife a good cook or shop
woman, disengaged; first-class references. Ad-
dress JEROME, 748 Folsom st.
ENGINEER or fireman, young, competent man,
understands plpeflttlng, repairs, etc., wishes
position. Box 638, Call office.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
YOUNG^man wishes employment in some busi-
ness house; has experience as bookkeeper;
last employed in wholesale liquor house. Box
1412. Call office.
BAKER with experience on bread and cake
wishes position as helper in cake bakery or
hotel, with chance for improvement. Address
box 536. Call office.
PAINTER— Young man understanding paint-
ing, frescoing, wishes a situation: good steady
place more of an object than salary. Ad-
dress by letter BERGMAN. 617_Second st.
GERMAN man and wife wish situations: man
a good dairyman and cheese maker; will take
any kind of work on a dairy or milk ranch
or private place: city or country; wife a nrst-
class cook. Address C. S., 621 Commercial st.
$100,000 to loan on safes, buggies, oil paintings;
strictest privacy. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
WANTED— By young man direct from Canada,
position as telegraph operator or salesman;
best of references. Address box 775, Call.
EN" INFER— Young German, competent and
steady, wishes position as engineer, assistant
or In boiler room; wages moderate. Box 762,
Call office.
WINCHESTER Houee, 44 Third et., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 26c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $4
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
CHAMBERMAID, first-class hotel: wait-
ress and chambermaid to wait for first-class
commercial hotel In country, $20 each; wait-
ress, country, $17 50 fare paid; chambermaid
to wait. $20; chambermaid, first-class city
hotel. $18; 5 restaurant waitresses, city, $o
week; Institution laundress. $2U. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
TWO waitresses for first-class restaurant IB
country; $25; call early. C. R. HANSEN «fc
CO., 104 Geary st.
GERMAN or French cook for small 'a™ ll * J?
city; $35. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 1M Geary.
FRENCH maid for lady staying in first-class
hotel; $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10* Geary.
HOUSE girl. American family. $25; Getman
cook, 2 In family, $20; German girl. 1 In fam-
ily. Berkeley. $15: German cook. $25. ana
many girls for places too numerous to men-
tion. $12 to $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. ___
2 WAITRESSES, $15 and $20 each. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
2~SECOND girls, $15 each. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, $15; lodging house. MIS 3
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st : >
I HOUSEWORK girl. Alameda, 2 in family, $25;
San Rafael, $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child. $12, country; cook, de-
licacy store, $20; assistant cook, $15. Miss
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK girl, 2 in family, San Rafael.
j $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ,
2 GERMAN cooks, $30 and $85. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st^
GIRL, assist housework, $15. MISS CULLEN,
j 325 Sutter st.
MAID and seamstress, $25. MISS CULLEN, 825
Sutter st.
GIRL who understands music, as companion;
good home. MISS CULLEN. 825 Butter st.
NEAT Irish girl as cook. Jewish family, $25.
MIPS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MOTHER and daughter or friends. $25 and $15,
same house. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
WOMAN with a child, $12, institution. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED Catholic nurse girl, $12; 1 child.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NURSE girl, country, $10. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. _^
COOK, small wash, American family, $25; 5
cooks, German style. $25 and $30; cook, some
housework, a short distance, $25; cook, private
boarding house, $30; second girl, same house.
$15; 3 waitresses and chambermaid, $20, $25
an& $6 week; and a large number of girls
for housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316
Sutter at.
NURSE, grown child and sewing, nice place,
$25, references required; laundress, private
family. $25; and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
FRENCH second girl. $20: German second girl,
$20; cook, $30; 2 cooks, $25 each; chambermaid,
$15; nurse girl. $10; second girl, $15; young
girl to assist, $10, no cooking; 6 house girls,
$25 each: 10 young girls, $15 to $20; middle-
aged woman, $15; laundress. $25; German sec-
ond girl, $25; cook, 2 in family, $25. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
WANTED— English or Scotch maid, $30;
French maid, $30; Swedish laundress and
chambermaid, $25; French or German second
girl. $20; second girl. $15' nurse. 1 ch.ld. $15;
German girl, housework, $25. LEON ANDRE.
316 Stockton st.
COOK and laundress, $25; second girl, $20, same
house; waitress, $25; 10 girls for housework.
MRS. HIRD. 631 Larkin st.
WOMAN with a child for ranch, $15, far* paid.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
LADY bookkeeper and cashier, with mercantile
experience and the best of references, for one
of the leading hotels on the Coast. Address
box 1040, Call office.
WANTED — Young Protestant woman, general
housework; small family; San Rafael. See
lady 11 to 12 at 513 McAllister st.
GERMAN or Swedish girl to assist in general
housework; small family; plain cooking;
wages $15. 2405 Howard St.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats; good
on button holes. 9>4 Dale place, off Golden
Gate aye., near Hyde.
FIRST-CLASS finisher and operator on custom
pants. 535 Pacific St.
EXPERIENCED operator wanted. 14 Harriet
street.
FEMALE sewers wanted on ladles' wear to
take work home. 840 Market st.
WANTED— Experienced operators on Jackets.
DAVIDSON & MILLER, 731 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS talloress on coats. 105 Stock-
ton st., room 66.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on ladles' cloaks and
skirts at I. VTSHOOT*S. 810 Howard st.
GIRL to wait at table and a dishwasher. Call
after 9 a. m., 122H Turk st.
YOUNG girl for general housework; wages $10.
2650 Twenty-flrßt st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for housework; small
family; country; refs. 2107 Pine St., a. m.
GOOD tailoresa on coats. A. JACOBS, 1300
Market st.
OPERATOR on vests. 985 Market st., room 12.
YOUNG girl to assist with llgnt housework.
1418 O'Farrell st.
NURSE wanted for Invalid lady to go to coun-
try; must De good cook. 604 Clay St.. 11 a. m.
WANTED— Cooks, chambermaids and waitress;
also girls for light housework. 1073H Market
6t.. near geventh; employment office.
OPERATORS on shirts; new machines- steady
work- best pay for experienced hands only.
BREMER-ULMAN CO.. 19 Battery st.
YOUNG girl, competent for general house-
work and cooklpg. 119 Broderlck et.
8 GOOD finishers on pants; also few girls to
learn. 560 Fourth St., near Brannan.
$100,000 to loan; low Interest; private en.; gen-
tlemanly attention. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
WANTED— Operators on flannel overshlrts; a
few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 86H Fremont st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: position*
free: patterns. 25c up. McDowell's, 102 Post.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S: good positions;
patterns 10c up. 118 McAllister Bt.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
PASTRY cook, country hotel, $60, see party
here; French chef. $70. for country hotel;
restaurant chef, $100: butcher, $40; night cook,
chop house, }9 a week; camp cooks and hotel
cooks, $35 to $50; head waiter. $35; 4 waiters,
$30 and $15; dishwasher and kitchen help. $15.
$20, $25 and $80; experienced machine dish-
washer, $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
HEAD waiter; $35. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
MAN experienced in making plain and fancy
icecreams and decorating cold puddings;
first-class wages for a first-class man. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
6 WOODCHOPPERS. $1 50 a cord. 4 months'"
work; 3 laborers for llme_ kiln, boss here. $1
a day and board: ratchet setter, $35 and
board; 3 coal miners, see boss here; 4 labor-
ers, city, $1 and board: 5 shovelers, 10c fare-
sl a day and board: milker, $25; ranch team-
ster. $5 a week; young man to drive a wagon.
$5 a week. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
LABORERS and teamsters for a mountain
road, ship to-night.
25 2 and 4-horse teamsters for railroad
work, $1 60 and $1 75 a day and $25 and board
a month, long Job.
10 quarrymen. $2 a day; steady work.
5 tunnel men: $2 50 a day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Night cook, $60; second cook. $40;
cook. $30; dishwashers and vegetableman, $15
to $25; waiter, short-order house, $35; waiter.
*25: butler, $40; second butler, $30; footman.
$35; man and wife, private place; etc. AN-
DRE'S, 81C Stockton st.
FIRST-CLASS bushelman for the country. 1.
BAHUOARTKN * CO., 7 Montgomery »*-HELP WANTED— Continued.
MURRAY & "RRAISY^SnJRRAY""_ READY,
treading Employment and Labor Agents.
—^— Want To-Day— : -—
562 more men for Ariiona ; :
6S more railroad teamsters. $1 75 a day; 66
laborers, railroad work, $1 75 a day.
Farmer and wife- $40 and found;
16 f_rm hands. $26. $25 and $20 and found;
3 milkers 23 and $20 and found;
2 sack sewers, $2 day; sack tender. $1 50 day
and found; 20 two-horse teamsters, city, $1 76
a day; 86 woodchoppera, different places, $1 50
to $1 cord: 55 tie makers, Sc, 9c and lie each;
6 laborers, city Jobs, $1 75 day; 12 laborers.
country Jobs, $1 5 day; 6 men or boys to ls
potatoes - — ; — ' —
Btableman, city Job $25 and found;
young man. cheese factory ' and found;
sawyer, shingle mill ■
packer, shingle mill —
blacksmith helper, for a ranch :
36 laborers, city jobs $1 75 a day.
MURRAY A READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
WAITERS Cooks Butchers
3 hotel waiters $25 and found;
3 cooks, hotels $30 and $35 and found;
$ restaurant cooks $9. a week;
E dishwashers, $15, $20 and found; 3 butchers j
and pork packers, $35 and found; press man,
$10 a week; boy to run press. $6 a wuek;
barber, country; butcher, for restaurant.
. MURRAY & READY,
. 634 and C 36 Clay st.
WANTED— 2 gravel miners, $40 and board; la-
borers for city. $30 and board and $1 75 a day;
teamster $1 60 a day; men to grub and clear j
'an.l. $25 an acre: 10 woods and mill men, ;
51 to $1 50 a day and board; 10 coal miners. 85 ;
cents a ton; 3 handy men about mine, $2 ai
day. and others.- Apply to J. F. CROSETT A
CO., 62$ Sacramento st.
WANTED- and wife. $45; fry cook,
$40; night cook for country. .$3O and found;
restaurant cook, $9 a week; boarding-house
cook, $30: bell boys. $10 and found: 2 waiters
for country, $20; porter, country hotel; first-
c'.ass restaurant waiter, and others. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT A CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED ranch teamsters
3 ranch teamsters near city
$16 per month and board
3 farm hands for stock farm, short distance.
$ro :::::::::::::::":..:::::::::::::::::::v^::::::::::
ranch teamster, south, $25; 2 G*r\nan farm-
ers. $20 \
Second cook, for mine. $25; 20 woodehoppers,
tools, etc advanced; stableman, country. $25;
and others. W. D. EWER & CO., 686 Clay.
C SHOVELERS and laborers for brick yard. I
J25 and found, fan? paid; 5 laborers for quar- j
ry. $1 75 a day: 2 farriers. HO; ax man, $30 1
and -board; laborer, $20: scraper teamsters
and laborers. $1 CO a day: stableman and !
drive, $2.'' and found; choreman and milk, $15.
R. T. WARD >v- CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
BOY, candy store, $4 per week. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
_LAN and wife, ranch, $40. MISS CULLEN,
3?3 Sutter st. _.
HOTEL porter. $20 and found, country. MISS
CULLEN. 525 Sutter st. -
2 BUTLERS. $40 to $60 per month. MIS 3 CUL-
LEN. 32S Sutter St.
ACTIVE solicitors everywhere for "The Story
of the Philippines." by Murat Halstead. the
Government Official Historian to the War
Department. Ail about Philippines. Dewey j
the man _: Dewey the hero, with an official j
history of war with Spain. Brimful original |
pictures by Government photographers. Large
book: -low prices: big profits. Agents mak-
Ing $50 to $300 weekly: freight paid. Drop
all trashy, unofficial war books. Outfits free.
Credit given. Address F.- T BARBER, Sec-
retary, 3C6 Dearborn St., Chicago.
WANTED— Good carpenter ani cabinet maker.
Apply 8 a. m.. NE. corner of Point Lobes
and Fifth ayes.; also a good carpenter to rent
shop at above location. •
PORTER for cleaning saloon In the morning.-
Apply OSCAR HOCKS, 14 Ma;>on St., Wednes-
day, "between 2 and 3 p. m.
2 BRIGHT boys to ivork for tuition in short-
hand. Rocm 29, Mercantile Library, after
10 a. m.
BARBERS" Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTI laborers at Bay and Leavenworth
sts., city.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply to CHARLES
LYONS. London Tailor, 721 Market st.
WANTED — Paperhanger; ' 7:30 a. m. 3782
Twenty- fourth et., near Church.
WANTED— Man for steady position; must have
?i.-)0. Bo- SOS. Call. '
WANTED— butcher. lIS Seventh St.
WANTED— WeII-dressed men for election work.
Apply at 7 a. rr. to-day, I": Pine, cor. Front.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
FIR.^T-CLAPS electric wire man. L. B.
HETTf. US gddy EC ' . ._ I
YOITNG man to wait at table and make himself ,
useful. 37 Eddy st.
GOOD waiter wanted. 3 Jackson et.
WANTED— Press boy; also shipping clerk. 620
Market st.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 313 O'Farrell st.
ERRAND boy for drug store; wages $2 50 week.
Box 1311. this office.
ELDERLY man for cleaning up and carrying
out small orders in bakery. 107 Larkin St.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1322 Pow-
ell St. ,
WANTED— Painter at Twenty-sixth and Guer-
re rts. : $2.
NTED— Tinsmith and sheetiron worker. 11l
First et.
TAILOR wantod at 303 Grant aye. or 428 Ninth
St., Oakland; steady work. ■ : ~: '•
WAITER wanted at 626 Sacramento st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
30 yeara, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their intention to become such: must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height. For further
Information apply at the recruiting office, 20
Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.
MANAGER— Good business manager with $1500
fcr San Francisco: active man or woman with
this amount wll! learn of an opportunity to
make $200 per month from the start: investi-
gate NO VITA COMPANY, 7» Dearborn st.,
Chicago.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764% Mission
Ft men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
SHOES repaired while you wait; half price.
662 Mission St., bet. First and Second.
250 PAIRS men's second-hand shoes. 25c to $1.
562 Mission St., bet. First and Second.
COAL miners wanted by the TESLA COAI.
CO.. room 515, 828 Montgomery .at. __^
AMATEUR musicians for social purpos«»- J2B
; Bush St., office No. 4, third floor. ___
$100,000 to loan on diamonds and Jewelry; pri-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or
trade guaranteed $15. 1542 Market st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanic* to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 larje
rooms; 26c per night; $1 to 13 per week.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 BO; men's
EOlelng. 35c; only one price. »23 Howard St.
BARBERS Asa'n Free Employment Office. 8.
FUCHS. Sec, 825 Grant aye.; teL Grant 138.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at Saa
Francisco Barber College. 138^ Eighth at.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks, gnox Collection Agency. 112 Butter st.
tAILOHS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. £04 Davis st.. near Jackson. •■__
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 2Kc night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 95T Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
SAILORS, ordinary seartr-n. carpenter*, coaat.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and He night: 75c and {1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard stt.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third : nt.. near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c night: readfn^room:
free '1/Ug ar.'i baggage to and from the ferry.
AOKHTfI wanted.
SOLICITORS, ladles or gentlemen: salary or
commission. Call 9 to 4, 108 New Western
Hotel. , ' . ■
AGENTS for only official "History of Our War
With Spain— Causes, Incidents and Results,
Civil. Military. Naval. Steel plates, maps,
engravings. ity Hon. Henry B. Russejl. Sen.
Proctor (Vt.) ond '■ Sen. Thurston < Nebr.)
Greatent peller evr-r known. 1000 more agents
wanted. We pay freight, give credit. Write
for terras and territory to nole ' publishers.
WO RTH 1 NOTON & CO.. Hart'ord. Conn.
LIVE. ' enerKetic*a«ents to handle a good spe-
cialty: Just In. Greater West Advertising &
Novelty Company, 11S5H Washington St.. Oak--
. land. - . '
FURXITURE WANTED.:
CA H *f or flxtures, irrccerlee, furniture, mer-
55v55f 8e: E ld on commission; reasonable. E.
KJIfN. auctioneer. 430 Seventh." Tel. Mint 1904.
HOUSES WASTED. ~~~
TRUSTWORTHY bNt raf**M«k wlVl
take charge San Francisco residence during
absence of owners. Address M. 0., Glenwood.
I
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^-LIST your store, property or business place
with WILKE A UNFUG. 906 Market St., the
old established and reliable Business Agents.
We have a large list of buyers who would like
to; buy in country towns. - ,
$225 IF sold at once; saloon close to Market St.,
near Baldwin Hotel; fixtures up-to-date; a
first-clam place; owner compelled to sell; this
Place has a splendid future; call early.
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st. .
A— s3oo; corner grocery and bar; 2 blocks south
of Market st.; living rooms; rent $25; a snap.
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
$1100 saloon; rent $50; established for years
and doing a business clearing $125 - per
month; located near Palace • liotel; elegant
fixtures; disagreement of partners causes a
bargain. WILKE A UNFUG, 906 Market st.
WE have buyers to invest In any legitimate
business; parties willing to sell give us a
call. National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
CIGAR and variety store; good business;
3 furnished rooms;, great bargain; owner
going to Europe. National Agency, 7 Grant ay.
$110— BRANCH oakery and variety store; 3
rooms; cheap rent; pays well; must be sold
to-day on account of unexpected departure;
ofTer wanted. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
A— WANTED, to buy one-half Interest in mfg.
business. National Business Agency, 7 Grant.
A— PAYING delicacy store; » ' living rooms;
cheap reut; well fitted up; selling account
sickness. National Business Ex., 7 Grant ay.
SALOON on Market »t. McLAUGHLIN
A CO., 777 Market st. •' "
$650 — CORNER grocery and bar: bargain. Mc-
LAUGHLJN A CO., 777 Market st.
$100— PARTNER wanted In corner saloon;
steady man required. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777 Market st. . ■
$250— PARTNER wanted In an old established
restaurant; meals, 25c upward. McLAUGH-
LIN _ CO.. 777 Market st.
GROCERY and bar; good location; livinf
rooms; rent $15. McLAUGHLIN A CO.. 777
Market st. ■.••-. ../.^h
$500— CORNER grocery and bar on account of
death in the family. McLAUGHLIN A CO..
777 Market st. '
$500— SALCON with club rooms; fl— t-class nx-
tures. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market Bt.
$400— CORNER srrocery and bar in fine locality;
cash register and safe; here Is a place that
is worth $1000. LESS A CO., 785 Market St.
$200— SALOON few doors from Market; large
stock: owner selling account retiring from
business. Apply M. LESS & CO.. 7«5 Market.
$275— A partner, lady or gentleman, in old-
established restaurant: meals 25c and up;
clears $75 mo. each; full Investigation courted
and allowed. LESS A CO.. 7^ Market st.
$450— SALOON and lunch house. • with 9 fur-
nished rooms, among factories downtown;
furniture included. M. LESS A CO., 765 Mar-
ket et.
X $1400— SALOON and 13 furnished rooms; cen-
tral; prominent corner; clears $300 monthly;
best known place in city. KREDO A CO..
22H Qeary st. " ■.' ' *'
A— PARTNER; light mfg. business; salary
$100; must bo business- man. KREDO A CO.,
22Va Geery st. . : ' ■- ■
A— FINE corner grocery and bar at Mission;
$350 will take it this week only; $10 to $15
daily. • KREDO A CO.i-2-'.4i Geary Et.
$150— CIGAR stand; half .block north of Market
St.; good .location; cheap rent; stock for
value. JONES A SEARLL. 865 Market St.
$250— PAINT and paper hanger shop; .Western
Add.; horse 'and wagon; complete outfit; 5
rooms fur. JONES & SEARLL, 565 Market.
HAVE purchasers for coffee house, branch
bakery. ' grocery 1 and all kinds of business;
have llst.of good business for sale. EITEL.
1016 Market st.
240- ACRE ranch, 10-room house, good barn,
outbuildings, , horses, cows, hogs, chickens,
wagons and farming tools; will be sold at a
bargain to settle estate; call at our office and
see what grows on place. RAND, 917 Market.
MONEY-MAKING, safe, new business; can be
established In any good sized town; no com-
petition; purchaser will be taught- the busi-
ness; Investigate. Call or address Pacific
Coast Exchange, 1211 Market st.
SALOON, with long lease, on water front; do-
ing good business; all fitted up for restaurant.
490 Spear St.. near Oregon Dock.
COFFEE and restaurant; " not fnr from
city. For particulars inquire at Call office.
A bargain If sold at once.
$60— BRANCH bakery and laundry office: 3 nice
rooms; rent $14: selling on account of sick-
ness. 437 Fulton st. i
$250— PARTNER: man or lady cashier; will
clear $100 month and board. 605 Clay st.
BRANCH bakery, worth $400; will sell for $225.
Apply 3027 Sacramento St.
FINE business chance for small capital. 414
Examiner building. '
FINE grocery and bar tor sale. Cor. Filbert
and Laguna sts. ' '
FOR Newspaper office established 15
years. P. O. box 327. Los Qatos. Cal.
WELL-PAYING dyeing and cleaning establish-
ment; cheap account of departure. 148 Third.
GOOD paying saloon; fine location. Ap-
ply P. D CULVER, room 2J, fifth floor, Mills
building. ;
GOOD paying country restaurant for sale. Ap-
ply Call office.
$100,000 to loan on sealskins and diamonds;
strictest privacy. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
COAL yard: splendid location. Address box 77T.
Call Office. ■
FOR sale— Call route at San Jot*. For p_r-
ticul— apply at Call business office.
HEADQUARTERS for solicitors on coffie. tea,
spices, etc.: supplied as wanted; cheapest
prices. 107-109 Beale st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR saLB.
A— ROOMS on O'Farrell st. ; clears $75
month; all new furniture; snap...
48 rooms; north of Market st. fine $1200
76 rooms; select; transient; corner 3500
IS rooms; rent $30 '..... 400
22 rooms; north of Market; clears {125.... 1150
10 rooms; all new furniture v 600
IF YOU WILL CALL ON US
WE WILL SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION
PRICE AND SIZE OF HOUSE
F. C. HYDE A CO., 1206 Market st.
L. W. ROGERS, clerk. for F. C. HYDE A
CO. (formerly clerk for H. C. DECKER).
CLEARS $100 per month 26 rooms
$3SO; worth $800; must sell 12 rooms
7S- room house; clears $860 $3000
100 rooms: fine corner; cost $10,000; only.. 6000
$650; clears $150 31 rooms
$4JO; worth $1000; a snap 14 rooms
$300 house 10 rooms
$8500; corner house; clears $300 82 rooms
18-room house on Sixth st $504
IS rooms; sunny corner 1100
15-room house; clears $100 500
21-room house; central; clears $150 600
82-room house; best In city 1000
12-room house; worth $800 300
15-room house; on Sutter st 450
24-room house; clears $150..'. 1400
20-room house; worth $1000. 409
50 other houses, from 3 to 200 rooms.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A— KREDO A CO Z2M Geary st.
Money Advanced on all Houses. . .■ :■
106 rooms; best In city $-4000
23 rooms; Fifth St.; clears $70 600
1< rooms; Second st. rent only $30 .. 450
16 rooms; boarding; no rent 1000
18 rooms; Van Ness; elegant 1600
12 rooms; Market; clears $50 600
11 rooms; new and elegant; O'Farrell... 760
10 rooms; Powell; a snap at...... 500
A— 5275:16 ROOMS, newly furnished; $125 cTlah,
balance $20 per month; a give away; this
week only. KREDO A CO.. 22V4 Geary st. ;
— $500; 10 ROOMS; corner bay-window; cosiest
little transient- house; near theaters; $350 cash,
balance time; KREDO CO.. 22^ Geary Bt.
- NKW HOUSE^- HI
20 ROOMS -20 ROOMS
■ OFFER WANTED
47 ROOMS 47 ROOMS
. • •-•• ■ RENT $75. .
PRICE $1700 PRICE $1700
WINSTON A CO., 646 Market St.
Look Tat OUR bargains— -—-—•———
10 rooms $175|1S rooms: fine $550
16 rooms 250 20 rooms; snap 600
37 rooms 700 60 rooms 1250
. National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
TO Let— Furnished lodging houne, 70 rooms,,
with privilege of buying; central. Box 558,
Call Office.. ;
WISH to buy 80 to 60-room house for cash;
no agents. Box C 49, Call office. . - •
LIST of best paying lodging-houses in the city.
If you wish to buy or sell call at 1016 Market.
LARGE hotel, furniture and lot, must be sold;
only $1400. Call 256 Third st.
FOR Lodging house on Second St.; 80
rooms, all sunny; cheap rent. Apply at 124
Second st. , " . ' -
$100 000 to loan on stocks and bonds; low inter-"
es't. UNCLE HARRIS. If, Grant aye.
"•-;; .. - . rfypK^\ arnoits. ~ T7~
ALir^jpewriterTToid and rented; f*w • partly
used for sale cheap; send; for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER CO.. 110. Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, $25; Callgraph. $15r •Yosf, $26;
ret sample work SCOTT; 333 Montgomery st.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS. J
SMALL • fiat-bottom wooden duck boats; Bind"
full description; lowest price. Address box.
1416, CalU Office.. »■>:.' •::•••• ,v ..•';•
WAN'TEDr- A good horse • and d#liv«rv wagon
for its care. ,1325 Polk st. V. ,:~ ;v; v
(VANTED— SmaII burglar-proof safe, not over
too lbe. ; give Inside dimensions. Box 551, Call.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic ■ lantern appa-,
. ratus; eecond,-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1898*
HOUSES TO LET.
WE can rent . you a bouse with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. • _ .
$100,000 to loan; ladles' private entrance and
private offices at Uncle Harris*. 15 Grant aye.,
COTTAGES TO LET. \~~
COTTAGE^Trooms f sfabTe iTarge loTand VhedT
3244 Harrison St., near Precita aye.
NICE sunny cottage. 447 Fltth st. : 4 good
rooms;, large yard; $13.
$15— 6-ROOM cottage; basement and yard. 2417
Clay st.
. FURNISHED FLATS.
$400— LO\V_R~flat; 7 rooms; well : furnished ; $1«
a month; centrally locattd near Market. Box
769, Call. ■■-.•--
~~ ~ FLATS TO LET.
BRANNAN, 72& above Sixth— Nice" flat~of~«
rooms; also 2- room fiat; $7 and $5.
CLAY, 1417 A —One at the most beautiful flats
In town; convenient, commodious and sunny;
marine view; rent very reasonable.
CLAYTON. 872, south of Frederick— Sunny
modern flat of 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FELL, 511 — sunny rooms, basement; gas; hot
and cold water; yard;- $l5. Key at 513 Fell.
GEARY, 918— Flat, 5 eunny rooms; water fre«;
rent $14.
LEAVENWORTH, Upper flat of S rooms;
modern improvements: rent $16. ...
LOVELY lower flat. 5 rooms and bath: yard;
reasonable. 3568 17th et., near Guerrero.
NICE upper flat, 3 large rooms. 16 Landers st.,
bet 14th and loth, above Dolores; $10.
NINETEENTH. 3542— Elegant corner upper flat,
6 rooms; basement and yard; reasonable.
SCOTT, 820, near McAllister— Modern flat of 6
rooms and bath; eunny; newly decorated;
rent $26.
STEVENSON. 413, near 1 Fifth— flat, 4
rooms; water free.
STEVENSON. 427. between Fifth and Sixth—
$10; first floor; key upstairs. ■ ;
SUNNY upper fiat. 7 rooms; newly painted and
papered. 1150 Mission St.. near Seventh; $15.
SUNNY lower flat, { rooms; good condition.
112 Perry St., near Third; $10. "
SUNNY bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath; cot-
tage of i rooms cheap. Cor. Dolores and 15th.
TURK. 1506-1509. near Stelner— Nice flats; 5 and
6 rooms and bath; $18 and $15.
UPPER 5-room flat. 135 Ash aye., between
Polk and Van Ness, near McAllister.
WANTED— SO tenants for flats, cottages, etc.;
4 rooms on Van Ness aye.. $25: also 10 new
flats, $25. At A. M. SPECK A CO.'S, 602 Mrkt.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN A HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. ■
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, watches; low rates;
private offices. Uncla Harris, 15 Grant aye.
$12-+ SUNNY lower flat, 5 large rooms, bath.
440 Fourteenth St., near Valencia.
FLAT: double parlors, dining-room, kitch-
en. 41 Herman. June. Market and Valencia.
—i■ * ■
$14— FINE lower flat; E rooms; bath; yard.
257 Clementina st. ■ .: . ■■ -.;
$22 CLAY IJ4S— Flat of 7 sunny rooms
and hath; fine view. .
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A — 6UITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds: 1 in
kitchen and 1 in bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture ail new; 3 per week, $11 per month;
suitable for 4 or 5 persons. Apply at fiho«
store. 562 Mission St., bet. First and Second sts.
AT Polk. 622 — Newly furnished and unfurnished
rooms for housekpg; neat, clean, quiet house.
BRANNAN, 726. above 6th— Front bedroom and
kitchen; furnished for housekeeping; $8 and $6.
BUCHANAN, 602, cor. Fell— Bay-window suites;
kitchens complete; wood or gas stove; $12
to $15.
BUENA VISTA aye.. 449. Ashbury Heights—
6 furnished rooms for housekeeping.
CASTRO, 406, rear— B nice sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; large yard, stable; cheap.
EDDY. 610—2 or 3 handsomely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; piano.
FIFTH, ,?2i— Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen: sink, water, bath; private; $11.
FIFTH 3.".3 -Furnished, housekeeping, 2 parlors,
kitchen, $20; also 3, $12; single, $5.
GOLDEN GATE. 1050—2 sunny well furnished
rooms for light housekeeping; gas stove, bath
and free~telephone.
GOUOH, 630—1 front and rear parlor; 1 house-
keeping room; bath, hot and cold water.
$100,000 to loan on sealskins, diamonds and Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
HOWAItI), 1068— Newly furnished *unny rooms,
single or en suite; also rooms for hskplng.
LEWIS. 18, off Taylor, near Poet— Nicely fur-
nished room and kitchen.
McALLISTER. 422—2 or 3 furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
MISSION, 1163— Nice front room and small
kitchen, furnished for hkpg.; bath; $12 50 mo.
MISSION. 1729H, near Thirteenth— Sonny front
room, housekeeping, folding bed, bath, laun-
dry. $6.
NOE, 161 — 2 pleasant front rooms, modern;
first floor; kitchen, linoleum; coal range; $10.
OAK, 119—1 nicely furnished heavy housekeep-
ing rooms; separate entrance; $10.
PROSPECT place, I*3. Stockton, Powell, near
California— House of 4 rooms; cellar; com-
plete; $5 to $16,; private; German family.
RUBS. 149—2 neatly furnished rooms for house-
keeping complete; a home for parties without
children; $12 per month.
SEVENTH, 328*4— Three fin« rooms; rant cheap
to small family.
SIXTH, 216 VJ — Nice sunny front furnished house-
keeping room; reasonable for quiet family.
THE Piedmont, UIA Sixth su— 1 or I room*,
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
THIRD. 340—2 rooms complete for housekeep-
ing; rent $7 month.
TURK. 316 — Sunny alcove room; aleo other fur-
nlnhed pwrns; light housekpg; running jwater.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT 52 SECOND— Nice singie. double and light
housekpg rms; wk. $1 to $2 60; day 25c to 50c.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, an suite and single: first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
BALBOA, The. 1409 A Market— Changed hands:
renovated: rooms 60c, suites $1 per day; test
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr; tat.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post St., 3 blocks Palace Hotel-
All conveniences; reasonable; sunny corner
rooms; tourists; elevator; board if desired.
DELAWARE, 14J3 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.: $8, *10 mo.
EDDY, 118 — Sunny front rooms, single or eulte;
prices reasonable; also housekeeping.
ELLIS. 640, cor. Hyde— Large nicely furnlnhed
corner room; tun all day; gas, bath, grate.
ELLIS, 709— Finely furnished parlor floor; S
rms. for housekpg., or 2 or S gents; ref.
FIFTH, 109, near Market— Sunny furnished
rooms; also sunny suite for offices; quiet.
FOLSOM, 3848—8 or 4 rooms, with gas stove,
cheap; without children.
GEARY, '402— Just opened; carpets and furni-
ture new; sunny front furnished and unrur-
nished rooms; reasonable; offices first floor.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER,
GEARY, 622— Newly furnished sunny bay-win-
dow room; hot and cold water.
GEARY. 792— Large sunny front room for 1 or
2 gents; new house; bath, gas.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night. 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 316— Nice large furnished
room; 1 or 2 gents; $7; private family.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
■Ingle; elevator; moderate rates; families.
$100 000 to loan on silverware, oil paintings and
pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 SO to $6 per week.
HASKELL. The. 121 Powell st.— Cheap neat
tight sunny rooms; transients; gents preferd.
HAVES, 643— Nice large sunny well furnished
room, $6.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
suites and slgle rms; transient. Mrs. J. King.
HYDE 1000 U. corner Pine— 2 sunny front fur-
nished single rooms, $S and $6; gentlemen.
IRVING 1070 Newly furnished sunny
rooms; board; large grounds; piano; tel.; ref.
LEAVENWORTH, 2010— Large sunny furnished
room for 2, $6.
MARKEtTiOO7H— Changed hands: suites or sin-
gle: reas. MRS. KITTY DOWNING. Prop.
MINNA.7 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-wlnd6w room, 11 per week: transient.
NATOMA, 714, bet. Bth and 9th— Sunny fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen. |5 and $t month.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms: ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
6'FARRELL. 427— Sunny furnished single
roomt, $10 up; private house. Mrs. J. King.
PINE. 914— Nicely furnished double and tingle
rooms; bath; gas; private family.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
POST, 909— Newly furnished single and double
rooms; private house; quiet; reasonable.
POWELL. 147—211 O'Farrell — Furnished rooms;
suite or single; also transient: rent cheap.
POWELL, 31" (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms; reasonable.
SEVENTH. 192, near Howard (Girard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth *t..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 216H — i nice sunny furnished front
rooms': also single; reasonable to quiet people.
SUTTER, 1111— Nicely furnished room*; single
or en suite; very reasonable; also housekpg.
TO let— Part of a house; sunny corner; 3 and
B rooms; rent reasonable. Apply 643 Halght.
TREMONT House. 1773 Market *t., opp. Gough—
House newly furnished; single roams or suit*;
t kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ABBOTSFORD, The—
Broadway and Polk «ts. Quiet, homelike; terms
moderate; board optional; all cars direct.
AHLBORN House, 819-321-m Grant ay«.-
Rooms 60c np; board and room. $1 ptr day and
upward: free bus to and from hotel.
HOWARD, 2606, near Twenty-second— Large
Bunny room with board; reasonable.
EDDY 626 (Irvlngdale)— Sunny front bay-win-
dow suites, best board. 840 up; *ingle. 820 up.
LA.RGE sunny front room and alcove; toilet
connecting: with board; reasonable; Howard
St., near 22d. Address box 1419. Call.
MISSION 846— Nicely furnished suites and sin-
gle rooms, with board; raas. ; day boarders.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant room for gentle-
man; parlor; piano: home cooking; $20 up.
$100 000 to loan on stocks, bonds and warehouse
receipts. UNCLE HARRIS, It Grant aye.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Nicely furnished rooms,
with board, $4 to 85 per w*ek.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished sunny
Market st. suites, with board for 2, 840 per
month : single room* accordingly.
VAN NESS, 1008— Excellent table board; sunny
fiirni*he<l rooms.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED — Baby to raise on bottle: thorough
experience. MRS. WERNER, 210 Lexington'.
CHILD to board from 3 to 5 years old. Address
M. 8., box 550, Call office.
CHILD to board; pay not so much «n object as
company. 1540 Central aye.
STORES TO LET.
NICE Bunny stores, with living rooms, at 339
Noe st. ; rent 89 and $10.
THIRD, 417—2 living rooms; basement; bay-
window: good location: low rent.
OFFICES TO LET.
TMMA SPRECKELS building, B*7 Market St.:
light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rent* $12 54
to $20. ASHTON A GARDINER, room 210.
MEDICAL.
ALL cases of monthly lrregularltle* restored
Instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies aad
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; h.om* In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential; strong
pills, $1: guaranteed cure, 86. MRS. DR.
WYETH, 208 Turk st., near Jones.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 year*' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure r«lief.
though else fail; delica«y, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay, self-cure sent; call or writes free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market
st:; pills, $1; very strong. $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time It also acts a* a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box. sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 28
Grant aye.. a. F. A caution — Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In one day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or Instruments used; consultation free;
saves disgrace: pills and capsules, $1; cure,
85. By the well-known ladles' physician for
37 years, DR. POPPBR, 318 Kearny ft.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities irom what-
ever cause; no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office,. 86; traveler* helped Instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1112 Market at.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate: Infants adopted Into good home*.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 SO:
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
8100 000 TO loan on bronses, silverware; private
entranca, UNCLE HARRIS, IE Grant aye.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife: gunny, pleasant
home In confinement. 1.16 Seffind Bt.
DENTISTS.
DON'T wear a rubber plate: you can get our
combination metal plate for the same price;
It Is thin as paper; full set of teeth. $5;
crowns, 83: fillings, 500 up; teeth without
plates a specialty; written guarantee for 10
years given on all work; no students employ-
ed" extracting free when plate* are ordered;
consultation free. MODERN DENTAL PAR-
LORS, corner Market and Ma*on srs. En-
trance 8 Mason Bt. ; phone Eouth 781.
A~ FULL set of teeth, 85; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 60c; crown*, 88 80; all
work painless an» warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth Bt. : telephone Jessie, 1131.
SET of teeth, 86; fillings, gold, 81 np; *Uver. 25c
up: bridges; plates repaired; all work pain-
less and warranted 10 years. New York
Dentists. 969 Mission St., corner Sixth.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentlßt.
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
entee of improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell *t.
VAN VROOM EUctro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth 85 up; fillings. 25c op; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market St., corner Sixth.
DR LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Bent to any addr««i In the United
States or Canada »n» 'ear for 81 60. postage
paid.
LOST.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernia Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of EDITH FAY MrAVOY, No. 174035.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Sunday, at Sutro Baths, lady's diamond
pin containing 3 diamonds, with small chain
attached. Please return to 819 Oak st. and be
rewarded.
LOST— At Chutes, purse containing money and
ring. Finder may keep money if he will re-
turn ring to 2929 Pierce st.
LOST— Stanyan and Halght sts., small brown
Cocker spaniel pup; answers name Rosey. Re-
ward at Terminal Saloon or 260« Diamond st.
CERTIFICATE No. 234 for 10 share* of U»e San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railroad,
Issued to A. G. RUSS. has been lost and a
reward of $10 Is hereby offered for delivering
the same to A. G. RUSS, 201 Montgomery st.
OLD gold, diamonds and wedding present*
bought at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FOUND.
FOUND— Young greyhound. Inquire 68 Albion
aye., bet. Fifteenth and Sixteenth st«.
$100,000 to loan ladles on their diamonds and
sealskins. UNCT.E HARRIS. 15 Grant ay».
ATTORNEYS~AT LAW.
CITY Law and Collection Office; advlca fre«.
777 Market Bt.. room 7.
C. E. PETERS, attorney and counnelor-at-law,
40 Montgomery Bt., room 16.
L. 8. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg.. 917 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. PA\TDSON. 927 Market st.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, 81ng«r and Whit*
cheup; repairing guaranteed. 1(15 Mis«ion st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired; bought, sold;
machine supplies. 146 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kind* bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing ftt lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
~PHYSICIANS.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1206 Market; disease* of women a specialty.
STORAGE.
PIERCE^RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Tenth and Market; telephone flouta 186.
PERSONALS.
WIDOWER with a business in the country
wishes to make the acquaintance of a widow
between the age of 35 and 45. Box 552, Call.
LEDERER always dresses your hair correctly;
25c only; hair restored to its natural color,
$1 50 up; good switches, $1; finest. $3 50; extra,
$5; open Sunday 9 to 12. 11l Stockton st.
LEDERER'S Quinonla Is the tonic that will
prevent the hair falling out; 350 bottle. G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st. "
SEND 10c (currency) for 3 months' trial sub-
scription to Men and Matters, New Orleans,
La.; regular price, $1 per year.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market; 200 roome,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and fram the ferry.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS-PR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth St.. Alameda,
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOB. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
BAl^^RATraSCO^Ladies^^vrnch Tailoring
College. 916 Market; men and women teachers.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant stylish dresses, $5
up: dresneß made over. 3 Eddy St.. in. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
wilt show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life while In a per-
fect trance; perfect satisfaction guaranteed
by mall. Send stamp for circular with spe-
cial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms 25
and 26. 1206 Market St.. opp. Sixth.
MISS DWYER, the distinguished clairvoyant
medtum. graduated under the highest profes-
sors of occultism: all wishing to know their
future consult her immediately: poor people
half fee; by mail, $1; diagnoses all diseases.
426 Post Bt. ' ■ " ig_
MME. REAL, card reader; tells present and
future. BJSA Howard Bt.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and- future; 26c. 148 Sixth St., room 10.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. T3 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. LENEMAR. fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted overdue steamer in 1*74. 23Ms Sixth st.
MME. RA VENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. !B. BATTMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, haß opened an office at 315 O'Farrell Bt.
. M'IRITUALISM.
MRS. J. .J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant; treats pri-
vate and chronic diseases, no matter from
what cause or how long standing, with re-
vealed remedies; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
MAUD FOSTER, medium and astrologist; cir-
cles Tuesday and Thursday at 8 p. m. ; has
removed from 84 Sixth St., to 28 Sixth at.,
rooms i and 3. '.-,.' ___ '
MRS. SEELEY, flower test circle. 2 and 8 p.
m. 27 Laskle Bt., off Mission, near Ninth.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all: Tues.-Frl., 2 p. m.;
. Mon., 8. 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
illtim. 118 Haight gt.
EDUCATIONAL.
ALP'S Business College, 24 Post Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592: catalogue.
AYRES' Business Colloge, 723 Market St.; indi-
vidual instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life .arehlp, $50; low rates
per week and month. . - ".. >
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph. . Fel-
low In Mathematics. U. C. 7407 S. Atherton,
. nr.Channlng way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School ivll. electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.; & eve.;
eHt. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ZITHER lessons given by MAX MAIER, 526
Turk St., between Larkin and Polk.
MME. ANNIS MONTAGUE TURNER, vocal
Instructions; correct.natural method. 93o Bush.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrs experlen< - Press Club bldg., 123 Ellis.
SIOO.OOO to loan on diamonds, sealskins and Jew-
elry. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
INSTRUCTION— VIoIn. r><-no. cornet, . mando-
lln, etc- THE MISSES LANE, 3941 24th st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
claraes: prl. tuition. Mm Ehrmari. 1234 Bush.
~~ MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FEW. snaps for this week only: ,
Marshall * Wendell upright, rosewood
case • • $14S
Neuman upright. rosewood case, fine
chape 162
Bradford upright, rosewood case, fine !
Bhape •••• 178
Baus upright, walnnt ease, nearly new —
Boothe upright, walnut case, nearly new.. 198
Sterling upright, walnut case, nearly new. 265
Steck upright, oak case, nearly new 355
AH guaranteed 5 years; stool and cover In-
cluded. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16. IS, -20
O'Farrell st., sole agents for Chickering and
other pianos.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for *6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; nriees are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Bteinway doalers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., Ban Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland. ,__
HARDMAN Agency— Another carload opened
up Monday morning; see the beautiful instru-
ments; none better In the world; their dura-
bility Is phenomenal; perfectly new; one case
damaged In shipping at a enap bargain for
cash; an organ. $20. THE J. DEWING CO..
second floor Flood building. . ' ■
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is • KOHLER & CHASE'S.
£6, 23 and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
■ all ether musical Instruments of all grades i
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every -
' thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. -•..■■ - ■ - ■
DECKER & SON pianos take the lead, as they
are best in quality, tone and flnlBh; prices are
low. MAUYAIS. 7C9 Market st. _j
A LARGE shipment of the finest pianos that
ever came tOxthls coast Just arrived; call and
Bee. GARDNER & GLASSELL, 216 Post st.
6OHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Briggs anvi other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 808, 310. 312 Post st.
HAINER' Bros, and other first-class pianos at
, reduced prices. . W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
$80— UPRIGHT piano; good tune; for Bale, on
$5 installments. 1115 Post st.
$90— EJegant Emerson piano; bargain. Schmlti,
It McAllister st., next Hlbernla Bank. ,
AN elegant Etetnway, upright for $230, cash;
must sell. KEEFFE' S.IO2I "an Ness aye. •
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNO..2I6 McAllister. ;
"AD" smallest: prices lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis Bt. .
KNABB pianos; new scale; new t 'yles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. >0 O'Farreli st. ' ;
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SB9 HAVES ST.— Branch offlce .'of Tbm Call.
Subscriptions and ad» taken. ' ' ■'
FOR . MISCELLANEOUS.
MINING drill, patented in United States and
Canada: Box 657, Call Offlce. ■ -'■
SECOND-HAND lumber, all kinds; also bldg
being torn dovm Townsend and 2d; lumber
cheap; firewood. J. B. FRENCH, Valencia
and Fifteenth st. •
Engine boiler, pumps, pulleys, ' shafting, laundry
mchy. • dynamos, 2d hand. White, 616 Mission
LARGE flre and burglar proof safe for 'sals
cheap at 42 Main st.
FOR sale— Fresh family cow. Call 232 Dun-
can st. ' -,'-•■•*■■ ' ' " ■ '. •
SELL .or ■ rent, combination billiard and pool
table, piano; reasonable. Box 506, Call office.
BOILERS, engines, • 2d-hand machinery. Me-
- INTOSH St. WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
- linoleum, office furniture, store and offlce fur-
. niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.. above
- sixth. ■ --■ - ■--.■■ i - "■ ■' - -.. .-:■■ - ■
SAFES— ■ and second hand;' cheaper, than
ever. Herman Safe Manfc, 533 Sacramento.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20: records, '. $5 per dozen;
. projectoscope, $100. Bacigalupl.' 93B-952 -Market.
J. K. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES— Bargains in new and aecond hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
359 HAVES ST.— Branch -. office of The CalL
Subscriptions and ada taken. ■';.•;' " . ;
BICYCLES^
SECOND-HAND bicycles, from $9 up; new
• JJ:>7 1 high * grade $100 bicycles for $2»; < new
' tires, H; new pedals,' $1 25* a pair; repairing. '
JOSEPH HOLLB, 20th and Folsom sts.
. ■ '■■•■-''■ ■;'■ "'."■:■'; ■ ;■■:.-- ■. .
CITY real ESTATE.
BIGGEST BARGAINS
ever offered, " :
SPLENDID home OR . - „>?:
INVESTMENT LOTS.
.j - i ■ LOTS $275
. ■ ' LOTS $275 - '
And upwards, in small monthly payments.
Terms, $25 cash, $5 monthly. - /
Terms, $25 cash, $5 monthly.
We have just placed on the market (ten days
ago) 100 lots south of and not a great way from
Golden Gate Park: lots face on Eighth, Ninth,
Tenth and Eleventh ayes.; all lots graded;
streets graded; magnificent view overlooking
the Park and Golden Gate.
Go and see these lots by all means. It will be
time well spent, and pleasantly spent, too. You
will enjoy the trip and view and learn some-
thing of the growing Bunset District. . - • ■
Take Halght or Ellis-st. cars and transfer to
the new electric road (taking the place of the
old steam dummy). . Get off at Ninth aye. and
H street. We. have a branch office there, open
daily (Sundays and holidays Included). Blue
cars on Mission and Ellis sts. run direct rrom
the f erric*. BALDWIN & HOWKLL,
. X) Montgomery st. -
$1950—15 ELIZABETH st., 71 feet east of Guer-
rero; 2-story bay-window residence, consist-
ing of . 6 rooms and bath; positive bargain ;
Inspect to-day; we are selling the house and
giving the lot away; terms i to suit. F. A.
McNALLY & CO., 18 Montgomery «t.
WANTED— To buy house in Mission, 6 or more
rooms; not over $2500. Address M., 2526 Mis-
sion st. ■ -.-•■ - . - '■' -
STORE and flat, 7 rooms;, small rear house;
$60; sacrifice. See owner, 3027 Sacramento st.
COTTAGE for sale; to be removed at once; 823
Golden Gate aye. j Inquire 825 Golden Gate.
$100,000 to loan; low interest; strictest privacy;
on diamonds. UNCLE HARRIS, IS Grant aye.
$650 — WILL -build 4-room, bay-window cottage;
hard finished. GEO. M. SALSBURY, builder,
621 X St., Sunset District.
BARGAIN— Make offer: a new 8-room - house
and furniture; 3010 Castro st. addition San
Mateo electric line. \ ■• ;' .'•• . •'■'■
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Oa*il. Sent •to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 60, postage
paid. '-:••".' -v-i
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
GILT edge; best In State; average $1500 annual
Income: 15 acres black loam soil, near Santa
Rosa; 900 prune, some peach, balanca winter
apple; trees 12 years old; fine modern cot-
tage, 8 rooms, bath, marble washstands, well,
wind mill, tank; water piped to buildings;
rustic fruit house, barn; $6000 buys it. THE
REYNOLDS CO., 35 Third at.
$100,000 to loan on watches, bronzes; private en-
trance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid. ■■ • ■ • : "» i
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLASD REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale In Oakland— New house, 7 rooms and
bath: 2-story; best construction and finish;
lot 40x125; fine neighborhood; 3 minutes from
railroad station; 30 minutes from San Fran-
cisco; monthly Installments. ' HERON &
HOLCOMB, 1060 Broadway.
$100,000 to loan; low interest; private offices;
private entrance. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant »v».
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6- room flats from $12 to $17; no dark
rooms: stove and porcelain bath; water, and
ash man free; Adeline station. Oakland; key
at 940 Union st. KOENIG & KROLL. 100*
Broadway. " - ••
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
UNFURNISHED housekeeping apartments,
with carpet?: reasonable. 1529 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H, SCHELAr^
HAAS' old >tor». 40* Elevnth »t. S«« him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BEFORE you buy or build ace our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, installment home
builders. 1500 Park *t., Alameda. Cal.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A HOME IN BERKELEY. "~~~"
• . WHY pay rent • all your, life and never own
your home? Why not pay a little more than
rent and become your own landlord?
• For particulars inquire of O. G. MAT &
CO., 2123 Center St.. Berkeley. ,
LOVELY place In the middle of an orchard;
house of 4 rooms; lot 100x135: only $1600. Ap-
ply to JAS. J. MASOX. Real Estate. Berkeley.
PROPERTY TO . EXCHANGE.
UNENCUMBERED Income property, rents $816,
for its equity in good ' farming land near by;
no brokers. Owner. 828 Lombard st. -y
MONEY TO LOAN.
MONEY to loan at rates which people can af-
ford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. do not
borrow of your friends or you wllllose their
friendship; do business with strangers and be
better satisfied ; no delay, no publicity. East-
tern Loan Co., rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alaraeda at ' lowest- rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1022 Mission St., abov«
Sixth; telephone South 14;.: .:
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
■ Store, 94S Market st. telephone Green 204.
ADVANCES made at cut rates on watches, dia-
monds and jewelry. L. jH. SCHAKER, 23
Maaon Bt. - .. ■ ■ • ' .' : •
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest interest. Room 68, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
| moval; low rates; no commission; $35 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Post st.
ANY amount at-6H per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
$100,000 to loan on stocks, bonds and diamonds;
strictest privacy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
ON furniture, piano*. w. .oi-» *-«moval; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
. estates a specialty. .MURPHY. 636 Market St.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 .Montgomery «t.
A WEEK'S news for .. 5 cents— The .. Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing. -.'•- *■ ■'■•'
~~ ; _:. FINANCIAL „; /./ ;_.  -.
FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. 8T1»-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. »2» Montromery «t.
~~ HORSES.
HANDSOME team of standard bred mares :
Electioneer-Nutwood stock; blood bays, with
black points; S and 6 years old; over 16 hands
and over 1100 pounds; sound and gentle;
broken single, double and to saddle; price
$250, to effect immediate Bale: can' b« seen at
347 Fremont st., and trial given. ■ .-'
TO HORSES of every crlption at Emporium
Salesyards, 220 Valencia - st.. between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth: also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.. at your own' price;- come and
make an offer. . ■i- - .' ; .
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, ." buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HORSE Wanted— A : young,' strong and gentle
horse wanted for. a baker wagon. . 226 Pacific.
JUST arrived— carloads work, draft and driv-
Ing horses. Occidental Sa.leyards.72l Howard.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SPECIAL - sale of harness and vehicles. : Lle-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin, opp.' City Hall.
_ _ CARPET CLEAXIXG.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250.
WHEN yo» Jecome disgusted with poor work
send t« SPAULDING'S . Pioneer Carpet-
.. beating 'orks, 363-67 Tehama st. ; tel. 8. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth at. ; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
st. : cleaning 3c . per yard ; tel. Mission 74.
C'NKLIN'S Carpet-beating .Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126. " " : ■■■
ADVANCE- Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
'-y Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
UARRIAGIS XICKNSBS.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Fred D. Wotfrom : Emma H. Moody
S. Blddle Jr. and Edna J. Westover 22-20
Giovanni Gianni and Glusepplna.. Mel...... 27-23
Clyde H. Wood and Ruth De1an0..:.'....... 22-21
Patrick Costello and Julia Donahue.... 32-27 I
W. C. Winterhalter and Nellie Humphreys.3o-21
Ernst A. temp and Viola M. Burnham
H. F. Jensen and Katherine J. Smith...... 23^22
Walter Taylor and Hattie C. Hale 24-23
Burr Eastwood and Jessie' M. Anderson-.'.. 26-23
Frans WUlman and Sani Gr01mund ...... . 31-26
■-■ ■,:,:■■■ ■■•• - .-■;■:-.■-.-■ -••■■«- ■ - ■ ■- >.-.
BIRTHS— ffiABBIA&ES—DEATH3L.
* BORN.
MORTLET— In this city. October 12. 1898, to
the wife of W. Mortley. a son.
PETERSON— In this city, October 9 1898,- to
the wife of George W. Peterson, twins.
MARRIED.
, SORENSEN— In Oakland. . October
15, ISBS, by the Rev. O. Groensberg. Ferdinand
Jochem and Marie Sorensen.
I JORGENSEN— RASMUSEN— In Oakland. Octo-
ber 15, IS9B, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Louis
Jorgensen and Ida Rasmusen.
LARSON— WEDEBY— Oakland. October I.
1808, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Fred W.
Larson and Anna Elizabeth M. Wedeby.
LEVY— LIEBER— In Brentwood, October 1«,
1898, by Rabbi Isidore Myers. Nathan Levy
and Delphine Lleber of Brentwood. > -. ;'
BECK— In Sulsun, October 9, 1898. by
the Rev. O. Groensberg, Victor C. Mnnk and
i Juline C. Beck.
BEDLICK— In this city. October 9,
1398, by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Joseph RedllcK
of Bakersneld and Llllie Wolf of San Fran-
cisco.' ' -.-'-: ■■-■";' ■.-..••■-•■. V
DIED.
Boyle, Mary F. Kennedy. Sister Mary
Carlson. John P. . Kenny. John J.
Casey, Margaret McCarthy, Charles
Collier. Henry H. McCarthy. Mary •
Crocker, Llllie Mulvane. Louise O.
Dietzlus. Charles O'Neil. John - -.
Dougherty, Daniel Overgard. Allda
Duff, Hugh E. L. Reichers, F. W. '■■_-'' \:
Gorman. Lulu M. Ringgenberg. R.
Helm. Babette Ross alias Erown. J.
Hellmuth, Theophine Tierney. Mary
Kennedy, Mrs. C. Woodward. Madame
BOYLE— In Los Angeles. October 14, 1898. Marr :
F.. relict of the late Edward F. Boyle, and
beloved mother of George E. and Genevieve
Boyle, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 52
years 3 months and 13 days.
CARLSON— this city, October 17, 1898, John
P. Carlson, a native of Norway, aged 23
years.
(□TFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery-
CASEY— the City and^Connty Hospital. Oc-
tober 17, 1898, Margaret Casey, a native Of
Ireland, aged 48 years. t
COLLIER— In this city. October 15, 1898, Henry
■ Hora Collier, a native of Georgia, aged 44
year*. '
CROCKER— this city, October IS. 1898, Lil-
lle Crocker (nea Solomon), beloved wife of
Aaron Crocker, and sister of Mrs. I. L. Low-
man, Victor D. Solomon and Mrs. H. Falk.
a native of Los Angeles, Cal., aged 34 yean.
(Los Angeles papers please copy.)
Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 10:15 o'clock, at her late residence.
2034 Bush street. Interment Hills of Eternity
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
DIETZIUS— In this city, October 18. 1898,
Charles, beloved husband of Margaret Diet-
zlus, and father of Charles W. DieUlus. a
native of Austria, aged 38 years and 13 days.
CFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his .late
residence, 15 Hickory avenue, thence to St.
Boniface's Church. Golden Gate , avenue,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated far
the repose of his boul, commenoin* at 8
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. . -
DOUGHERTY— tnis city, October 17. 1898.
Daniel, beloved husband of Bridget Dough-
erty, father of Charles J., Maggie A., DanlM
J. and Mamie J. Dougherty, and brother of •
Charles and the late Dennis Dougherty, la .
native of Ireland, aged 49 years. .. .■
itTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late
residence, .1337 Minna street, thence to St.
Charles Boxromeo Church, Eighteenth and
ghotwell streets, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, ' commencing at 9:30 o'clock. .Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DUFF— In this city, October 17. 1898, Hugh
Erio L., beloved son of Hugh. and Lillle M.
Duff, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
years. . '!■#:• ."■
Funeral services will be held this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at his late resi-
dence, 316 lowa street. Interment private.
GORMAN— In this city. October 18. IS9B, Lulu
M., dearly beloved daughter of Owen, and
Mary Gorman, a native of San Francisco,
aged 18 years. .:"■:■ ''-■/,
[CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
HEIM— In Bay View, South San Francisco.
October 18. 1898. Babette. beloved wife of
Gottlieb Helm, mother of Mrs. H. Hofstetter
and Bertha Helm, and sister of Mrs. A. ,
Couper, . a native of Rosenf eld. Wurtemberg,
Germany, aged 57 years 5 months and 5 days.
A member of the San Francisco Frauen
Verein, -■ ■■-- --■*'■ it,
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1059 Nineteenth avenue south, be-
tween F. and G streets, and thence to St.
Markus Church, O'Farrell street, between
Franklin and Gough, where the funeral serv-
ices will be held at 2:30 o'clock. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SAN FRANCISCO FRAUEN VEREIN— The
officers and members of the above named
society . are hereby notified to assemble at
their lodgeroom in Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter
street, to-morrow (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, for
the purpose of attending the funeral of our
late sister, Babette Helm. By order of
MRS. ANNA M. HORSTMANN. Pres.
MRS. A. MAAS, Secretary. ..
HELLMUTH— In this city, October 17. 1198.
Theophlne Martin, dearly beloved husband of
Nellie Hellmuth, and father of August. Mary
and Alice Hellmuth, a native of Alsac, Dam-
bach, aged 46 years.
C7 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
KENNEDY— anniversary mass of requiem
for the late Mrs. Catherine Kennedy will be
said at s St. Ignatius Church to-morrow .
morning at 8 o'clock.
KENNEDY— In this city, October 18, 189S, Sis-
ter Mary Michael Kennedy, Sister of Mercy,
a native !of Massachusetts, aged 38 years j 4
months and 19 days.
(E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), from the chapel of St. Mary's
Hospital, where a solemn requiem mass Will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock, ilnterment immediately
after the mass. Please omit flowers.
KENNY— In this city, October 18, 1898, John
Joseph, dearly beloved son of James and
Catherine Kenny, and beloved brother of
James, Helen and Allie Kenny, Mrs. L. A.
Taylor, Mrs. W. Herve. Mrs. F. Darling and
Mrs. . P. Sonntag. a native of San Francisco,
aged 24 years and 3 months. . . >,
MCCARTHY— anniversary requiem high .
mass will be celebrated for the repose of the
souls of the late Charles and Mary McCar-
thy, at St. Brlgid's Church, corner of Board-
way and Van Ness avenue, this day ■
Wednesday), commencing at 9 o'clock. \
Friends are respectfully Invited to attend.
MULVANE (nee MAHON)— In this city, Octo-.
ber 18. IS9S, at her residence, Louise G.. wife
of C. J. Mulvane, and beloved daughter of
Helena and the late Franklin Mahon. a na-
tive of San Francisco. - / .-:
Notice of funeral hereafter.
O'NEIL— In this city, October 18. 1898, John
O'Neil, a native of Ireland, aged 73 years, i
OVERGARD— In this city, October j 17, 18»S, <
Allda, beloved wife ot the - late Engwal
Overgard, and mother of Ulrika, Ida and Eng-
wal 'Overgard, a native of Norway, aged 50
years."' * ' ,
RIECHERS— In this city, October 18, 1898, T.
W dearly ! beloved '■ husband !of Gretchen
Riechers, father of . Mrs. Emma Schulz and
Louis .Riechers, and brother of William'
Riechers. a native of Germany, aged 49 year*
11 months and 6 days. A member of Unity
Lodge No. 27. A. O. U. W.
lETTriends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 601 Larkln street, corner of Eddy. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
RINGGENBERG— In East Oakland. ! October 17.
189S, Rudolph, beloved " husband of Anna
Ringgenberg, and father of J. E., Rudolph
and Anna M. Ringgenberg, a native of Switz-
erland, aged 49 years 5 months and 5 days. •
Friends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Germania Hall,
Webster street, between Sixth and • Seventh.
Oakland. Services under the auspices jof
Vorwaerts Lodge No. 313, I. O. O. F.. arid
Oakland Verein Eintracht. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
ROSS, alias BROWN— In this city, October 17,
1898, ■ John Ross, alias Brown, a native of
Finland, aged 38 years. , ;v
TIERNEY— In this city, October IS. 1898, Mary.
beloved wife of the late Patrick Tlerney, and
mother of Martha Tterney, a native of Queens
County, Ireland, aged j5O years. »■ (Columbus,
Ohio, and New York papers please copy.)
K^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited, to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Thumday), at 1:80 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy s & Gallagher, 20 Fifth street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for serrlces.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WOODWARD— In this city, October 17, 1898,
Madame J. Woodward, a native of Petaluma,
Cal., aged 31 years 1 month and 14 days. -■
(CTThe funeral will - take place this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from ehe Academy
of the Sacred Heart, 925 Franklin street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. ; . ■ "
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING ASSO-
elation— ? regular monthly requiem high
mass for the deceased members of the abov*
association, and for the deceased parents and
relatives of the members, will be celebrated
In St. Dominic's. Church, Bush and Stelner
streets, to-morrow (Thursday), at 7 o'clock.
Friends are Invited to attend: -"" ' . :
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, 1
rtTNERAL DIRECTORS & SMBAXtMEBtI
■ .; 20 nrTH ST., epp. Liaoaln Bea»L^ L I ■■■
' Telepjicn_e, South 80l '•■'■'■ ■■ I
BcreMrorM nmrnnr* ntT.Tk Thrift
I™""""' " 'h" "b! ' 'mc AVO V, Manager.
AIcAVOY A. CO.. '"
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMBM I
: 1235 Market st. between Bth and Ufa.
Telephone, South 247. "_^^^,.^,
1112
OAKLAND CAN
CONTROL HER
WATER FRONT
The Southern Pacific Cannot Ob
struct the Building of the Mole
for the Proposed New Ferry.
The Recent Decision of the Supreme Court
Removes the Obstacles to Such Im
provements — W. R. Davis on the
Effect of the Judgment.
The Supreme Court of the United States
awards to the public of the State of California
all the navigable waters in the basin in the
estuary in front of Alameda and in front of Oak
land waterward from low-tide line. This gives
public control of every wharf, dock, slip or pier
ever to be used in developing the commerce of
the east side of the bay and the city of Oakland. —
Extract from an Interview with ex-Muyor W. R. Davis.
The Interest that has been created
among the progressive citizens acros3 the
bay, by the announcement of the Realty
Syndicate of their intention to establish
a competitive ferry system between San
Francisco and limeryville, has aroused a
large tribe of the genus obstructor, who
would feel deeply grieved if such an en
terprise should be successfully inaugu
rated.
Aside from their animadversions upon
the financial status of the corporation
that proposes to build this line, they have
a pet "hammer" that is being used in
dustriously on all possible occasions.
This is embodied in the allegation that
a competitive ferry cannot be. established
by reason of the alleged fact that tha
Oakland Water Front Company, other
wise known ;is the Southern Pacific, con
trols the wharf outlets to the bay.
The fact that the recent decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States prac
tically brings to Oakland and Alameda
freedom from the despotism of the Water
Front Company, and has opened up vast
possibilities, has been carefully lost sight
of by a large proportion of the people
over the way, who still believe they are
"bottled up " by Uncle Collls' once deadly
grip upon the water frontage of the mod
ern Athens.
This judgment of the court makes all
euch statements ad to the powers of the
Water Front Company nonsensical and
the sooner the people of Oakland aro con
vinced of the fact the better. Under this
Judgment on a retrial the city Is now
putting i:i evidence to secure still further
advantage over the once despotic corpo
ration by taking more water frontage
away from it in addition to the nine
tenths obtained through the former litiga
tion. The meat of the decision is the
fact th.it it assures public Instead of pri
vate control of the actual shipping front
age of Oakland and the eastern shore of
the bay for all time.
William Ft, Davis, senior counsel for Oak
land in the famous case, referred ytstor
day to the fact that the people or that
City do not roahze the importance of their
victory, and gave a concise resume of the
results of the decision, which will be of
particular interest at this time. He said:
"Horace \V. Carpentier and the Water
Front Company, his successor, claimed
for over forty years title to the Oak
land water front, which, as described in
the ordinances and deeds under which
they claimed, included twelve and a half
square miles of navigable waters and
chore strip up to ordinary- high tide line.
About nine-tenths of this area lay water
ward from ordinary low tide line. That
ancient claim extended under and in
cluded the whole bed of the estuary of
S;u: Antonio, the whole bed of the salt
water basin opposite Ea.st Oakland, and
the triangular area opposite Oakland and i
A!am.»dH. Into the bay to the depth of
twenty-five feet of water and along a
'ship channel' frontage seven miles long
In the bay.
"The Supreme Court in the recent de
cision decided that the title to about nine
tenths ot this tv hole area still remained
In the State, as it never had been grant
ed to thf: town of Oakland by the Y^.-giH
lature and therefore could not have been
granted by the town to Curpentier or the
Water Front Company. That conclusion
whs reached by holding that the words
'ship channel' meant low tide line, be
yond which the grant did not extend.
So the Water Front Company obtains
only the narrow, irregular strip common
ly called tide land— really water lots—ly
ing between ordinary high and low tide
lines. This comprises about one-tenth of I
what was originally claimed by the com- |
pany.
"How does this leave tha city of Oak- I
SOLDIERS MATCHED
AGAINST COLLEGIANS
ME2J OF IOWA REGIMENT WILL
GO TO PALO AJLTO.
A Football Game on the Stanford
Campus Which Will Be Well
Attended by Blue Coats.
The campus at Palo Alto will present a
novel sight to-morrow afternoon when
the entire lowa regiment surrounds the
football field to shout for their team in
combat with the Stanford University
eleven. A football game has been ar
ranged between the soldier pig-skin chas
ers and the college men, and it will be
played on the university grounds.
A warm time is expected, as the blue
coats will b« paid off to-day, and they
•will follow the team to the theater of
the gridiron warfare. So soon as it was
announced in camp that the lowa foot
ball aggregation intended to cross swords
with the cardinal cohorts the colonel of
the regiment was sought and an oral
petition made in behalf of the men in the
ranks for a day's outinr. The colonel
did not fancy the idea of being separated
from his soldiers for an entire day. but
he finally relented and gave a day's leave
to his regiment.
Special terms have been made \wlth the
Southern Pacific and the volunteers will
leave on an early train in the morning
for Palo Alto. Lunch will be served at
the university dining hall. The game,
which will begin late in the day, will be
the source of much noise on both sides,
especially from the soldier sections. The
Stanford team will be much stronger than
the eleven put in the field by the sol
diers, which, however, will not detract
from the interest of the match. Three
of Stanford's best men are laid on the
shelf — Dole, Wilson and Burmeister, the
latter receiving his injuries in the prac
tice game on Monday evening.
Gustav Walter's Estate.
A petition was filed yesterday by Jose
phine Walter for a partial distribution
of the estate of her late husband, Gus
tav Walter. Mrs. Walter also asks that
$20,000 In cash out of the distributive
Bhare, to which she is entitled, be paid
her.
Buy wallpaper & window nhadea at Clark'*,
613 Market. Country order* solicited. *
land as to Its water front? In a most ex
cellent condition. Assuming that no
streets had been extended across this
strip between high and low tide and that
that strip is to be viewed as private prop
erty, there is no difficulty about the city's
condemning and opening as many streets
across this tideland strip as it may need
from time to time. That is the extremest
hardship the city can undergo— really, no
hardship at all. This would bring traffic
from upland down to lowtide line, beyond
which ali wharves, docks, piers and land
ing places must of necessity be located
and all this frontage at the end of streets
and between them is now adjudged to be
State property, the same as the water
front of bun Francisco, where the State
Is exercising full power.
"Oakland's real water frontage, where
vessels land, is therefore under the abso
lute control of the State and within the
easy reach of the city by projecting Its
streets wherever necessary ' to that ship
ping frontage.
"The condemnation damages will never
be excessive, as they must oe determined
by a Jury of the county, who would
award damages according to the actual
value of the water lots in the strip and
not according to the shipping frontage
which belongs to the State.
"The foregoing supposes the city to be
in the position or having to condemn lands
at the foot of all streets, but *ueh is not
the case. The Supreme Court's decision
decided that wherever streets were opened
to iowtide line on April 1, ISoS (the time of
the compromise) the city still had the
right •without compensation or condemna
tion to proceed with the use of all such
streets out to the lino of Stata control,
which is lowtide line.
"There are many such streets," con
tinued Mr. Davis, "and upon the present
retrial of the cause testimony has been
taken for several weeks showing the stat
us and use of all the streets ending at
the estuary and those ending at West
Oakland, on April 1, 1868. The evidence
as to these thoroughfares Is voluminous
and will probably occupy the court an
other month.
"The exact situation, in a few words, I
is this: The Supreme Court awards to
the Water Front Company under the
compromise of I*6S:
"i- irst— Nothing in tho basin cast of
that branch of the estuary which turns
up into Lake Merritt.
"Second— In the bed of the es
tuary of San Antonio except the narrow
strip on its north shore lying between,
ordinary high and low tide.
"Third— Nothing In front of the city of '
Alameda.
"Fourth— Nothing In the bay westward
from low tide line off West Oakland.
"Fifth— The water lots or shoals off |
West Oakland to low tide line.
"Sixth— The Supreme Court of the Unit- I
ed States awards to the public of the !
State of California all the navigable
waters In the basin, In tho estuary, in,
front of Alameda and In front of Oak
land waterward from low tide line. This
gives public control of every wharf, dock,
Blip or pier ever to be used In developing <
the commerce of the east side of the bay
and the city of Oakland.
"So there is plenty of room for build- '
Ing of ferries and all the docking facili
ties required for a great city.
"The hoodoo number 13 evidently had '
something to do with the settlement of
this famous case by which the Btate re- i
covered its property and the city of Oak- I
land gained access to the commerce of i
the Pacific," Bald Mr. Davis, with a ,
laugh. "Carpentler's famous grab of th»
water frontage was made thirteen day.s !
after the incorporation of tho town of i
Oakland. In trying to maintain his hold- !
Ings of the property there were thirteen.
Buits, each of which invalidated the ef
fects of the preceding action. During the
final trial we put in evidence 13 000 000
people annually passed over this water
frontage, and I believe there were thir
teen attorneys and Judges engaged In the ,
wind-up of the action.'
THE FREE MARKET IS
PRACTICALLY ASSURED
HARBOR COMMISSIONERS TTRA-R
RECOMMENDATIONS.
The Naval Beserve Vessel Marlon Is
to Be Moved Into the Stream
Some Time To-Morrow.
The Harbor Commissioners met yester
day afternoon and decided to order the
naval reserve steamer Marion into the
stream. Assistant Chief Wharfinger
Scott served the notice last night, and the
warship will be moved some time to-mor
row.
Major Harney made a voluminous re
port on the free market. He recommends
the setting aside of the wharves at the
foot of Market, Clay, Washington and
Jackson streets and the bulkheads. A
superintendent and all the necessary em
ployes are to be appointed, and the mar
ket Is to be in operation next spring.
Commissioner Herrold made a report on
the fire boats and hydrants. He recom
mends that five hydrants Instead of two
be put, and that a fire drill for all the
employes of the new ferry. depot be held
once a month.
Thrown From a Wagon.
Henry Winn, a glasscutter living at 267
Brannan street, was taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital yesterday afternoon suf
fering from concussion of the brain. He
was in a wagon and the horses bolted.
At Fourteenth and Mission streets Winn
was thrown out and alighted on his head.
His condition is serious.
Alice Johnson Defeated.
Alice Johnson, the soubrette who suSd
the Gustav Walter Orpheum Company to
recover several weeks' salary, met defeat
in Judge Cook's court yesterday. The
court held that In discharging her as in
competent the Orpheum Company exer
cised a lawful authority.
Newman & Levinson, 131 Kearny
street, are rolling this week $2 Maggi
oni glace and suede and Trefousse
suede gloves, and $1 75 Elaine suede
gloves, all eigl-t-Lutton mousqustaire,
for 95c a pair. Sc; window*. •
THE SAST FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1398.
LAUNCH OF THE BERKELEY.
O rTTIHE Southern Pacific Company's new steel steamer Berkeley was wedded to Old O
♦ Ocean yesterday at the Union Iron Works. The Town Trustees of the college J
town were present in a body, and presented the handsome vessel with a set of
J flags The railroad company has the steamers Oakland, Alameda, Piedmont, New-
J ark and now It has also a Berkeley. The new vessel Is propelled by twin screws j
<* instead of paddlewheels.
ANOTHER RAID
OH A CANNERY
BY DOCKERY
He Seizes Nine Tons
of Tomatoes.
STOPPED UNCLEANLY WORK
ORDERED A CESSATION OF THE
PRACTICES.
Pacific Fruit Canning Company Be
comes Involved in Serious
Trouble With the Chief
Food Inspector.
The establishment of the Pacific Fruit
Canning C«-«npany, at 804 Stockton street,
was raided yesterday by Chief Food In
spector Dookery, assisted by Deputies
Davis and Lahaney. About nine tons of
tomatoes ready for canning were seized,
and also 400 quart cans that had been
sealed.
The appearance of the Inspector was a
MUST CLAIM THE PRISONER.
JAMES FLOOD Will Be Released Unless Japan
Demands His Extradition.
IT IS expected that at 9 oclock this morning, James Flood, the mer
chant of Kobe, Japan, who was arrested on the Doric, on her arrival
here last Monday, by the United States Marshal, will be released by
the United States Court on habeas corpus proceedings, unless the
Japanese Government demands his extradition. His attorney, Thomas D.
Riordan, has prepared the necessary papers and will file them on the
opening of the Clerk's office this morning. The arrest was made on the
rather doubtful authority of a cablegram from American Consul Lyons
at Kobe, the charge alleged being "fraud." Marshal Shine was advised
by the State Department at Washington yesterday that Flood could not
be held legally on the authority of an American Consul in Japan, and
that he should be released from custody unless the Japanese Govern
ment requested his detention. The Marshal has been waiting three days
for some word from the Japanese Government, but up to yesterday
afternoon had received no orders. After a consultation between Mar
shal Shine, the prisoner and Mr. Riordan, it was decided to return Mr.
Flood to the Alameda Jail until this morning, in order to allow the Jap
anese Government an opportunity of taking somo action should it so de-
Blre. If the expected communication should not arrive, the defendant
will be brought into court and discharged from custody.
Flood was taken from the Alameda Jail yesterday afternoon and
spent three hours in the Appraiser's building, in the office of Marshal
Shine. He refused to make any statement, beyond the assertion that he
had been guilty of no offense and that he expected to secure his liberty
in a short time.
Mr. Riordan said that the firm of which his client was a member had
failed through mismanagement, but there was nothing criminal in the
matter. It was learned from another source that one of the chief causes
of the failure was the refusal of several Japanese subcontractors to car
ry out their contracts with the firm.
Flood has been in the carpet and matting business in Japan for five
years. He visited San Francisco last July. When he left Japan there
was no charge against him and he left openly and under his true name.
He is a son of Henry S. Flood of this city. His relatives are well-to-do.
surprise and the condition of the can
ning works was found to be most un
savory. Inspector Doekery tells of his
experience an follows:
"We entered the establishment at 11
o'clock yesterday morning and found sev-
enty Chinamen canning: tomatoes in an
Uncleanly manner. They were dumping
boxes of the vegetables into wooden re
ceptacles without sorting, allowing <ie
cayed tomatoes to go in with the rest.
About one-third of the stuff was untlt
for use. The wooden receivers were low
ered Into a vat of hot water to loosen the
skins on the tomatoes and the whole mass
was then given to Chinannn to prepare
for canning. The result was that every
thing went into the cans, or would have
gone if I had not neized the outfit. I
gave orders that henceforth the estab
lishment ahould not handle a consign
ment of tomatoes without sending for
ono of my deputies to watch operations.
If the offense is repeated I will take steps
to close the place.
"This concern has been handling eigh
teen tons of vegetables a day, putting
the same into cans fur various reputable
grocers. The cans do not bear the came
of the canning company, but the individ
ual brands of the customers. These to
matoes are not for cheap lodging-houses,
but for the tables of the people who buy
the best they can get in the way 01 pro
visions. I am determined to put a stop
to such doings in this city. The proprie
tors of the canning works begged the
privilege of selling the 400 cans that bad
been already put up, but I seized the
whole lot."
Will Lecture on California.
Mrs. Janet Macdonald will depart for
New York shortly. While there she will
depict, by word of mouth and by picture,
the places of interest in this State, its in
dustries, its resources and its scenery.
The lecturer, who is well known on the
coast, has received an honorary appoint
ment from Governor Budd to lecture in
the East on California. She is thoroughly
acquainted with every subject bearing on
the State and has received the indorse
ment of the State Board of Trade and of
the San Francisco Chamber of Commerce.
She will make her residence at 15 West
Twenty-fourth street, New York.
ADDS A NEW
STEAMER TO
ITS FLEET
Launch of the Ferry-
Boat Berkeley.
IT WAS A GREAT SUCCESS
MISS BTJBY RICHARDS DID THE
CHRISTENING.
Berkeley's Town Trustees Presented
the Vessel With a Hand-
Borne New Set o*
Flags.
The Southern Pacific has at last added
a new steamer to Its fleet of ferry-boats.
It took the corporation a long time to
find out that a n*w boat was required,
but when it did come to the knowledge it
spared no expense on the new vessel. In
consequence the steel ferry-boat Berke
ley that was launched from the Union
Iron Works yesterday was a credit aliko
to builders and owner?.
To show how long the Southern Pacific
has been making up its mind it Is only
necessary to state that the Piedmont, the
youngest of the fleet, wont into commis
sion fif't't-n years ago, and nearly all the
others are old enough to vote. The Ala
meda wm built in 1566, the El Capltan in
IS6B. Oakland in 1575, Newark in 1877, Bay
City in IS7B, Garden City in 1879 and Pied
mont in ISB3.
The launch of the Berkeley took place
at noon yesterday. There were a large
number of invited guests at the Union Iron
Works, and the seawall as far as the
Arctic Oil Works was crowded with peo
ple. The tugboats Rescue, Sea Queen and
Governor Markham were present with
parties of excursionists, and rowboats
and yachts were there in numbers.
The Town Trustees of Berkeley were
present In a body and the new vessel
was christened by Mlgs Ruby Richards,
daughter of the president of the board.
The set of flags presented by the town of
Berkeley were llown from the steamer' .-4
flagpoles. Other decorations were flown
ana the Berkeley presented a very pretty
Appearance a.^ she glidt-d gracefully into
the wtuer. Steam was up in her boilers
and she could have gone into commission
right away had the contractors so de
sired. She will have her trial trip on the
bay in a few days.
The Berkeley has seating capacity for
over 1700 people. On the hurricane deck
1135 people can be accommodated, while
the lower deck will seat 600 more. This {3
as against 1100 or 1200. the seating capaci
ty of the old boats. The entire space on
the main deck is taken up with seats for
passengers, except that portion occupied
by the engine hatches, the stairway to
the lower hold and the two gangways for
vehicles and trucks. The hold of the ves
pel contains the machinery, boilers, quar
ters for the crew, coal bunkers, barroom
and restaurant. The Berkeley is expect
ed to be the fastest boat on the bay, but
Captain Mackenzie says she will have to
travel to beat the San Rafael.
FROM SEA AND SHORE.
The River Steamer F. M. Smith Has
at Last Got Out of Alviso Creek.
The steamer City of Panama got away
for Central American ports yesterday.
Captain Crowell took his Bhotgun along
and Intends keeping a sharp lookout for
the Examiner's pirate. The Umatilla
sailed for Puget Sound ports and the Car
acas for Mexican ports. All three ves
sels took away large cargoes but not a
great many passengers.
The stern wheel steamer F. M. Smith
got out of her bed of mud In Alvlso
Creek and was towed to "Washington
street wharf by the tug Liberty. She
was not damaged a great deal, and will
be In commission again In a few days.
The trade to Suisun by water has
grown wonderfully, and the gasoline
sloop Alta Is now too small for it. "ies
terduy she was hauled off and the
Bchooner Jennie Griffin put on in her
place
The steamer Mary Ellen Galvln has
been moved again. Yesterday she was
moved around to Powell street wharf to
make room for the Aztec. The latter ves
sel is to have new boilers put in and Is
to receive a thorough overhauling.
Captain H. Smith left for Tacoma last
night to take command of the mail steam
er Tacoma. Captain Smith was for
merly master of a British sailing ves
sel Then he was master of the collier
San Benito, and was in charge of her
when she was wrecked near Point Arena.
Latterly he has been mate of the steamer
Bristol. He has a host of friends in San
Francisco, and they are all delighted to
hear of his promotion.
The schooner Abbie M. Deering arived
from Victoria, B. C.« yesterday to fit out
for a sealing and otter hunting cruise.
The captain reports plenty of seal in Ber
ing Sea, but the weather too rough to
hunt them.
Mrs. Barry Not Poisoned.
Morgue Chemist Morgan yesterday
completed his chemical analysis of the
stomach of Mrs. Richard Barry, who died
of hemorrhage of the lungs in a lodging
house on Anthony street last week. He
found some morphine, but not enough to
have caused death, and will so report at
the Inquest this morning.
'_ ADVBBTISEMBNTS.
DRESS GOODS 1
EXTRA VALUES.
This week we will show an elegant variety of
NOVELTY AND PLAIN DRESS FABRICS in the latest
styles and colorings.
NOVELTY FRENCH MOHAIR PI- Aift - A
REOL AS, three different styles and \\ if hi]
eight colorings each style wlUivU
J ....... Dress Pattern.
NOVELTY FRENCH MOHAIR Efl
CREPONS, all the new colorings... OUIOU
Dress Pattern.
52-INCH SCOTCH CHEVIOTS, in Blues,
Greens, Browns, Navys and Olive,
75c, "85c, $1 and $1.25 Per Yard.
52-INCH GENUINE ENGLISH SERGE 7C
(all colors) [ Q(J
Per Yard.
3 cases 44-INCH ENGLISH SERGE, in en
Grays, Blues, Navys, Browns, Garnet, h||fi
Green Cadet and New Blue ou"o u " T
••••••••••• pg r Yard.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
40 pieces TWO-TONED ENGLISH
DIAGONALS, in Red and Black,
Blue and Black, Green and Black, -*<«
Brown and Black, and Heliotrope I HP Yard
and Black Price I w|| IdrQl
ana DiacK. rnce Worth sl.2s.
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE GOODS.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
OREGON'S LONG
FIGHT FOR THE
SENATORSHIP
Joseph Simon, the
Victor, in the City.
WAS A TRIUMPH FOR GOLD
HOW THE LEGISLATIVE FIGHT
ENDED IN HIS CHOICE.
He Says the Republican Party cf the
Northern State Is Solid *or
Twenty Years to
Come.
After passing thrr-igh one of the long
est and hardest fought contests ever car
ried to victory In the Oregon Legislature,
Joseph Simon, the new Senator from Ore
gon, is seeking a short rest in this city
whiie he is trying a case before the Fed
eral court— for a law case Is rest toward
what has been going on among the north
ern legislators.
The fight brought the office to Simon,
victory to his friend Corbett and defeat to
the supporters of Mcßride, the other Sen
ator. Corbett was the original candidate,
and among his most energetic friends was
Senator Simon.
The fight began when Governor Lord
appointed H. W. Corbett United States
S(*iator in default of an election by the
Legislature of 1897. which did not fully or
ganize In time to choose a candidate. Cor
bett's appointment was not accepted by
the Senate, so the election went over un
til the meeting of the Legislature elected
last June In special session called Septem
ber 26. Corbett had a large following, out
the influence of Senator Mcßride. through
the Federal contingent, was too strong ior
him, and he lacked ten votes. There was
a deadlock, and then the Republicans
caucused. At the caucus Corbett with-
■^' AD ERTlSf^ENTl^^^^^^^^^^
GLOVE BARGAIN! |
WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY I
FRIDAY, I
October 19, 20 and 21. |
CnCriAl TWO-CLASP EMBROIDERED BACK*
c good fitting, well made
SALE - ICid Gloves.
Colors brown, black', reds and tans, sizes s?£, 6, . -
6K 6H, 6% and 7. Regular $1.00 value, ON SALE AT
Both Stores. . r^ ™^&^"^
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
107-109 POST STREET, and 1220-1222- 1224 MARKET STREET.
I drew from the fight, and at once Simon
was nominated. One ballot made him the
unanimous choice of the Republicans, and
at the session of the Legislature next day
he was elected Senator amid great excite
ment.
"It was extremely gratifving 1 to me to
have the election come as v did." said the
victor of this long fight yesterday. "I
received sixty-four out of sixty-six Re
publican votes— the sixty-fifth being my
own vote, and the sixty-sixth that of an
absentee.
"Mr. Corbett and I have been friends
always and I would not run while he was
in the field, but when he withdrew and
they asked me I could not refuse. It was
the Federal influence wielded by Mcßride
which kept Corbett out.
"The outlook for the Republican party
In Oregon never was better. It Is stand
ing solid and will do so for twenty years
to come. Populism Is on its last legs up
there and I do not think it will cut much
of a figure in the future political history
of the State.
"My election is really a triumph for the
gold "standard. It has been an issue right
along in Oregon politics, and I have al
ways been known as an out and out gold
man. The financial^ question has been
mixed up In all the recent campaigns, but
the silver men have met with so many ae
feats that I think the question is prac
tically settled so far as we are concerned.
Oregon is a gold standard State."
Simon has for years been a prominent
figure in Oregon politics. He was born
In Germany In 1851, and went to Oregon
with his parents In 1557. He was educated
In the public schools of Portland, studied
law and in 1572 was admitted to the bar.
since which time he has practiced hl«
profession.
He became a member of the City Coun
cil in 1577, serving three years, being for
a portion of the time president of the
Council and acting Mayor of the city.
As secretary of the Republican State Cen
tral Committee In ISTB he managed the
campaign so successfully that in ISBO he
was made chairman of the committee,
in which capacity he served for six yearn.
He represented Multnomah County In
the State Senate from ISBO to 1891, and
again since in 1893.
He was president of the Senate dur
ing the session of 1889-91 and since 1893
has been repeatedly re-elected to that
fiosltlon, at present acting In that capac
ty He is one of the best presiding offi
cers that body ever had. In 1892 Mr.
Simon was a delegate to the National
Republican Convention in Minneapolis.
He was then elected to represent Ore
gon In the Republican committee. For
eight years Mr. Simon was a member of
the Board of Police Commissioners of
Portland. He was a law partner of the
late Senator Dolph, being a member of
the firm of Dolph, Bellinger, Mallory &
in his trip to this city Senator Simon
Is acompanled by George A. Steel, chair
man of the Republican State Central
Committee, and Graham Glass Jr., its
secretary.
"Go," she said, "and never dare
To speak to me as long as you live!"
He went— and that's what the maiden fair
Can never, no never forgive.
—Chicago News