VOLUME LXXXV.-NO. 28.
FINGER OF SUSPICION IS
POINTED AT CLARA ARBOGAST
Defenders of Mrs. Botkin Intimate That
Another Woman Wrote the Note in
the Box of Poisoned Sweets.
■i
60th the Prosecution and the Defense Score a Point
in the Closing Skirmish of the Celebrated
Trial for Murder===Argmnent Will
Commence To=Day.
18-RS. CORDELIA BOTKIN. on
/ trial for her life, charged with
I the murder of Mrs. John P. Dun
/ ning of Dover, Delaware, should
' know her fate on Friday. At
1 _1. that time twelve men will weigh
carefully the evidence that has
. been presented both for and
against her during the past two weeks,
and will decide whether she shall step
forth shortly a free woman or else
mount those thirteen dreadful steps at
San Quentin leading to the gallows
tree. If she be acquitted of the charge
upon which she is on trial she still has
hanging over her head the charge of |
murdering Mrs. Deane. The evidence j
is the same in each case and if she is
ever brought to trial a conviction- is
not expected in the second, as no mo
tive can be advanced.
The last witnesses testified yesterday
and each side gained something there- |
by. Through an inadvertence Attorney
Knight drew from one of the witnesses
for the prosecution an important bit of
evidence that the public prosecutor had
overlooked. She was called to weaken
the testimony of Dr. Terrill to the effect
that, he had attended Mrs. Botkin on
Sunday afternoon. July 31. The doc
tor could not find his way to his pa
tient's room, and while searching for a
servant to show him the way he en
tered the dining-room and knocked at
the kitchen door and was answered by
Miss Smith.
She remembered the medico's visit
and then fixed the day by a series of
deductions that would do credit to
Sherlock Holmes or any other modern
Hawkshaw. It was not Sunday, be
cause, first, she was in charge of the
house and in all the time of her ser
vice this duty never devolved upon her
on a Sunday, that being her busy day
preparing the special dinner always
served on that day, and, secondly, she
was making vegetable soup. This fixed
the date absolutely for her, as she
never made vegetable soup on Sunday.
It was by this same deep reasoning
that she knew Mrs. Botkin was ill— she
had prepared a trayful of food, which
the waiter had taken to Mrs. Botkin.
This was the testimony the prosecution
wished to bring out, as It cast a doubt
Upon Dr. Terrill's testimony as to a
visit to which he did not attach suffi
cient importance to enter in Ms books.
Mr' Knight had hardly commenced
upon the witness before he unwittingly
brought out an answer he neither ex- j
pected nor desired. ;*:.*
The witness had stated that Mrs.
Botkin was ill on Monday and the at- j
torney apparently thought she wou.d |
say the accused woman was ill and in j
bed on Sunday also. To his horror the I
witness replied: •'No! She was out of
the house on Sunday. I saw her come
in late in the afternoon and speak to
Mrs Price, the landlady, in the hall
way I stood Just behind Mrs. Price."
This corroborates Mrs. Price, who tes
tified early in the proceedings that Mrs.
Botkin came in with packages late, on
the afternoon that Sylvia Heney says
a woman, whom she believes to be the
prisoner, bought a box of candy from
her The prosecution beamed when this
important bit of testimony that it had
overlooked was brought out by the
Ot Mrs. S CUra Arbogast, tall., blonde and
willowy was produced unexpectedly by
the prosecution to the palpable surprise
of Mrs. Botkin and her legal advisers
According to the testimony adduced
during the trial Mrs. Arbogast who is
paid to be a grandmother but does not
look it. is the woman who stands be
tween ' Mrs: Botkin . and her portly
spouse, Welcome Botkin. She has en
deavored- to avoid being a witness and
it was' only at the eleventh hour that
ehe was located by the prosecution.
Prompted- by Mrs. Botkin.vKnight was j
probing deeply into; the relations exist
ing between the woman and Mr. Botkin,
but finally desisted before drawing
from her any shameful confession she
might have been In a position to make.
The only point scored by the defense
during the morning session, which was
• marked by the acrimonious debate ( of
counsel, was in regard to the carrying
of mall between Eur*ka and this city.
One of the anonymous letters was post
marked in this city June 18 of the pres
ent -year. Mrs. Botkin was in Eureka
all through that month. The prosecu
tion claimed that the letter was writ
ten in. Eureka on the 17th, which. is
the date it bears. It was then dropped
into, the mail ha??, according to the
prosecution, ana brought to this city
as is the custom, without being marked
in any manner.
The steamer. Farallon arrived here on
the 'day in question at 4:10 a. m. . The
purser affirms that it is the rule to de
posit all letters, of which the men in
his position are custodians, in the Post
office foot of Market street within one
hour after arrival. The anonymous let
ter bears the imprint of the canceling
Ftamp with the hour 1:30 p.m. In ad
dition to this discrepancy Mrs. Botkin's
Bister affirm? that the accused woman
did not lea the house on the day
which. the letter must have been mailed
ii order to coipe by the Farailon.
Mrs. Botkin was not happy yesterdaw
All day long ehe fidgeted; about in her
chair as thouga under unusual nervous
- \ . • . '.■ *. '•■''
The San Francisco Call
strain. Soon after entering the court
room in the morning she bent her eyea
on the jurymen and gazed -steadily at
them for some time. She seemed to
draw no relief from the stolid expres
sion on their faces and turned to her
sisters for comfort.
The arguments will, it is expected,
consume the greater portion of to-day
and to-morrow. If so it is thought
Judge Cook will not charge the jury
until the following morning. Attorney
General White will make the opening
argument for fhe prosecution this
morning. He will be followed this after
noon by George Knight of counsel for
Mrs. Botkin, while he in turn will be
followed by his associate, Frank Mc-
Gowan. to-morrow morningf Mr. HoS
rper will then close for the State and all
that will remain then will be Juti^o
Carroll Cooks charge to the jury when
Mrs. Botkin's fate will be in its hands.
THE PROCEEDINGS.
Mrs. Orncp Harris, the woman who sold
Mrs. Botkin two handkerchiefs at the
City of Paris, and who has been Mr.
Knight's pet aversion during the trial, j
was the lirst witness of the day. She
was recalled at the instance of one of the.
jurors, who wanted to thoroughly under
stand the system of sales checks in opera
tion when the sale was made to a woman
resembling Mrs. Botkin and who Kave
the address corner of Hyde and California
streets, the location of the Hotel Victoria.
The witness seemed very much at her
ease this time, and told in detail the taps
she made out for Mrs. Botkin. The wit
ness could not explain why the record of
the Bale has entirely disappeared. Ap
parently much weight attaches to her
testimony, as Judge, jury and counsel all
took a 'hand at her. Practi
cally nothing new was secured from the
witness, so she made her final exit from
the stand.
She wan followed by Mrs. Clara Arbo
gast who made her fust appearance on
the stand, although her name has been
bandied about by the attorneys and wit
nesses that have preceded her. Mrs. Ar
bogast said she did not know Mrs. Botkin.
Neither did she know Dunning. She. had
never heard that thrre was such a person
•is Mrs Dunning until she read of the.
circumstances attending her death. She
testified that she had never asked Mr.
Botkin to get a divorce nor had she hinted
at such a thing. •
The witness was handed all the anony
mous letters and other exemplars of hand
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1898.
writing in evidence, and firmly denied
ever having written any of them.
When she was turned over to Mr.
Knight for cross-examination he had her
write. "With love to yourself and baby-
Mrs. C. " This, with some receipts, was
afterward turned over to the jury for in
spection. To Mr. Knight she said that
all she knew of the case was what she
had read in the papers. She knew Mr.
Botkin; was well acquainted with him for
a period extending over the past two
years. She knew he was married, as he
had told her pp. and she had also learned
it from his son Beverly. They had dis
cussed the matter at the Grand Central
Hotel, Stockton. She kept the Balboa
lodging-house in this city for a year and
a half.
She was asked if it was Mr. Botkin's
custom to come from Stockton every Fri
day night to stay until the following Mon
day, but denied that that had been his
custom. She did not know why he did not
go where his wife was rooming. His visits
were invariably on business, and he did
not stay long.
They corresponded, and she was asked
by Mr. Knight if their friendship was
Plutonic or Platonic. To this she said
they were only letters of friendship, not
love letters.
Asked if it was not a fact that he came
regularly to visit her, she said it was not.
She. sold the hotel some time since and
has been staying at Mt. Diablo. She said
she had never discussed Mr. Botkln's
family affairs with him. She lived for six
months at the Grand Central, at which
hotel lives th<- portly Mr. Botkin and his
son Beverly. After answering In the af
firmative that she had seen Mr. Botkin
since the arrest of his wife and that she
knew Mrs. Seeley quite well, she was re
leased from the stand.
Dr. Terrlll was recalled. He was asked
if he experienced any difficulty In finding
Mrs. Botkin the day ne was summoned by
telephone to attend her. He said he spent
some five minutes ringing the office bell
without getting any response. A woman
passed and said he would find the ser
vants in the dining room. He was not
sure whether he asked for Mrs. Botkin by
name or by the number of her room. At
the time he was not sure whether he had
been summoned by Mrs. Botkin to attend
her or some friend in the house. He was
asked If he did not say to the officer who
served the subpena on him that he could
not remember the time of his visit to her
and also that he had made no entry in his
book because the woman did not seem
eery ill and he did not expect to be able
to collect his fee. To all this he pl*.ded
forgetfulness.
Miss Maggie Smith, cook at the Victo
ria, was the next witness for the prosecu
tion. Mr. Hosmer drew from her some
facts he desired and then turned her over
to Mr. Knight for cross-examination. Be
fore he released her he inadvertently drew
from her the startling testimony that she
was with Mrs. -Price, -the landlady of the
hotel, that fateful Sunday afternoon when
she says she saw Mrs. Botkin'come in
with packages. Mr. Knight released the
witness as quickly and as gracefully as he
could -after, bringing out this testimony
supporting what Mrs. Price had previous
ly testified to. -.... .. v -...
Upon her direct examination by Mr.
Hosmer, Miss Smith said that Dr. Terrill
knocked at the door of the kitchen where
she was working and Introduced himself.
Knight objected to the doctor being called
I into. the court room for the purpose of
i being identified, but his -objection was
I overruled. The witness. identified Dr. Ter
1 rill. He asked: if -a 1 ' lady in the house was
: ill, and she told him that Mrs. Botkln
1 was. ■■ ;.".':;-.--'• '- : --; '. ...-..-• ,•■■■>■•
She . had not seen ' her," but under orders
had prepared some delicacies for her. She
said positively it was not Sunday, as the
medico testified to. She knew this because
she was in charge of the house at the time
and she was never left alone on Sunday,
as that was her busy day. Again, she was
engaged at the time making vegetable
soup -and, they never have vegetable soup
on Sundays. , : , ■•
Mr. Knight asked her how she ■• knew
Mrs. Botkin was 111. She said because she
had prepared food for her. Mr Knight
thought this was a good lead and asked
if Mrs. Botkin was fn bed Sunday. To
his surprise and chagrin the ; witness an
swered in a very positive manner
Mrs. Botkin was out of . the house -on
j Sunday. She stood, just behind Mrs.
Price in the hallway when Mrs. Botkin
came in with some packages.' The wit
ness was positive that the doctor did not
call on- Sunday. With this she was re
leased. Chief Lees and • Hosmer fairly
beamed across at Knight as the witness
left the stand as her testimony supported
that of Mrs. White, and coming so unex
pectedly as it did it seemed to : carry
much weight. • ■ ' ' .
Mrs. Arbogast was recalled and ; was
shown some' receipts '■ which . ' sho
Identified as having . been written
by her. The capital "C " ap
pears among them, and it is ; claimed
it bears a striking resemblance |to that
letter which forms the. signature to the
note inclosed in the box of . candy sent
to Delaware. -It is supposed' the defense
will argue that Mrs.. Arbogast - wanted
Mrs. Dunning removed so 'that Dunning
and Mrs. Botkin could wed and then
there would be no one standing between
herself and Mr. Botkin. . •;> - t
W. J. Corcoran, purser of the steamer
Farallon. was the next witness. "He Hold
of the receptacle at the side of the steam
er for letters that were too late for. the
mail. He also said it was a rule that the
letters so carried were to be deposited in
■ the postoffice foot of Market street with
i in one hour of. the" time the steamer land
led in this city, so . that merchants
! could have their orders filled and sent on
! the return trip of the steamer.
The manner in which Mr. Hosmer was
1 drawing his informatipn from the purser
i angered Mr. Knight, who said it was
i infamous that he should get certain in-
I formation before the jury by inference.
Hosmer returned his remarks with . well,
i you needn't get touchy." ,,,. •.',
He then objected to Knight s dictating
to him the manner in which he should
i present his evidence. Knight said. If I
did not have a better case than that I
wouldn't talk like, that." -.-". •■-■-•
Hosmer— l don't like this. playing to the
I * Knight— Well, you couldn't play to any
' In the cross-examination Mr. Knight
! brought the nautical terms he has learned
; on his launch Athlete into play. He spoke I
i of the Farallon as a ten-knot .boat and of :
i other matters. known to the. men who go j
i down to the sea in ships and launches. •
He drew from the witness that, the steam- I
! er left Eureka oh June 18 at 2 a. m., and
arrived off Mel*gß Wharf at 4:10 a m of
June 18 The anonymous letter bearing
that date was postmarked in this city at
1:30 p. m. of that date. ■■ ■
Abe Marks, statistician clerk at the
Merchants' Exchange verified the time
of the steamer's time from the. records of
Dr. Terrill was again recalled: and was
Fhown his book which Indicated that he
attended » ihi» >■ n»i: «-*<*£ TI «-, ***,"
regularly- at ( the boy home- until > July. i
23 The" only record after that date was ]
for one visit ■ the boy made to • his office
on July 28.'; The doctor claimed to fix the
date- of his visit to Mrs. Botkin by the
fact that he made . a social : call at . the
Foote house after < visiting • Mrs. Botkin
professionally. - , ■_ ■ ," •
Peter Gornn^le, a postofiice clerk, was
called to testify as to the condition in
which packages are received in this city
after making the trip across the conti
nent. Upon the objection lodged by Mr.
Knight and sustained by the court, the
witness left the stand without giving the
jury the benefit of his testimony. '
Policeman John Rainsbury was called
to tell the distance between Station D
Postofflce and the office at which Mrs.
Botkin testified to having checked her
luggage on the afternoon the candy is
said to have been mailed. to Dover,' Dela
ware.
In cross-examining the witness Mr.
Continued on Second Page.
TRYING TO PROVE AN ALIBI FOR MRS. BOTKIN.
Attorney George H. Knight, for the Accused Woman, Produced the Great Register of the Merchants' Exchange Yesterday
to Show the Movements of the Steamer Parallon. He Sought to Disprove the Contention of the Prosecution
That One of the Anonymous Letters Could Have Been Mailed in Eureka and Yet Bear the Postmark of
the Office in This City. ■
GAGE'S INAUGURATION
WILL BE JANUARY 4
This Date Fixed by Colonel Burns and An=
nounced by the Governor=Elect in Order
to Save Moses Gunst.
The Man From Mexico Overrules the Constitution and
Shortens Budd's Term Five Days in Order
to Secure the Reappointment of His
Gambling Partner.
As a result of a conference held yes
terday afternoon between Governor
elect Gage and Dan Burns the infor
mation was conveyed to Governor Budd
that the inauguration ceremonies of the
Governor-elect would occur on Janu
ary 4, ISM.
Governor Budd's term of office will
not expire until January 11, but the
inauguration of Governor-elect Gage
has been set for an earlier date in order
that Police Commissioner Gunst of this
city may be reappolnttvl. Gunst is the
gambling partner of OolOBCi Hums. His
term of office expires J- ; iuary 5, 1899.
Much speculation has b^on indulged
in regarding the exact date on which
the inaugural ceremonies will be held.
Governor Budd was Inaugurated Janu
ary 11, 189F>, and according to the pro
vision of the constitution It appears
that the Governor shall hold office for
four years and until his successor is
duly elected and qualified. According
to law this would fix the date of Gov
ernor-elect Gage's inauguration as Jan
uary 11, 1899. In this particular the
constitutional provision for the term of
office for the Governor of the State con
flicts with the wishes of Colonel Burns.
As a result the constitutional provision
has been set aside and Colonel Burns
has decreed that Governor-elect Gage
shall be inaugurated January *, 1899,
and that the reappointment of Police
Commissioner Gunst shall be an
nounced on January 5, 1899. It may be
stated in passing that Governor-elect
Gage conveyed the decision of Colonel
Burns to Governor Budd in order that
there might be no mistakes as to the
matter of dates.
In announcing the date of his in
auguration to Governor Budd Mr. Gage
neglected to give Colonel Burns credit
for overruling the constitution, and
even went so far as to declare that the
announcement was the will of the
executive committee of the Republican
State Central Committee. Governoi
Budd accepted the statements of Gov
ernor-elect Gage as that of a gentle
man and it was not until later in the
day that it was discovered that the
Governor-elect had drawn upon his
vivid imagination when he referred to
the supposed aitioti of the executive
committee of the State Central Com
mittee.
Some time ago Police Commissioner
Gunst called upon Governor Budd and
asked him what he (Budd) intended to
do regarding the appointment of a
Police Commissioner for San Francisco
to succeed Ounst, whose term of office
expires on January 5, 1899. The Gover
nor replied that he had not yet given
the matter serious consideration, but
gave Gunst to understand that he
(Gunst) would not be reappointed. The
Governor, however, added that he had
not yet made up his mind concerning
the matter and that when he had ar
rived at a definite conclusion he would
notify Gunst of his intentions.
Saturday, when Governor-elect Gage
was asked to name the date of his in
auguration, he declared that he could
not decide until he had had a confer
ence with Governor Budd on Tuesday,
yesterday he went to the Palace Hotel
to meet the Governor. He entered the
hotel and went upstairs, but instead of
going- to Governor Budd's apartments
he entered a private apartment, where
he was soon joined by Colonel Burns.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The conference between the two gen
tlemen occupied almost an hour, after
which the Governor-elect repaired to
the apartments of Governor Budd. Ar
rived there he announced to the Gover
nor that the executive committee of the
State Central Committee had held a
meeting and decided that the inaugu
ral ceremonies should take place on
January 4, 1890.
"If that is the wish of the executive
committee," said the Governor, "and
also your wish it appears to me that
the matter is settled. I fail to see
where I am to be allowed to have a
voice in the matter, even if I desired
to do so."
So ended the conference, and it is now
definitely settlri that the inaugural
ceremonies are to take place on Janu
ary 4.
Strange as it may appear, there has
been no meeting of the executive com
mittee of the State Central Committee
at which the subject of the date of
Gage-ie inauguration was discussed. The
only possible explanation of Mr. Gage's
statement to this effect is that he was
imposed upon by Colonel Burns, or that
he made the mistake of believing, that
Colonel Burns is the executive commit
tee. It is incredible of belief that the
Governor-elect of the State would lie
about so small a matter as the circum
stances connected with the fixing of the
date of his inauguration.
In order to set the matter straight
several members of the executive com
mittee were seen last evening and
asked regarding a recent meeting- at
which the date of Mr. Gage's inauguri
tion was fixed. This is what they had
to say:
Isaac Upham — I have no knowledge of
there having been a meeting of the ex
ecutive committee, nor have I received
any notification that there would be a
meeting of the committee. I know
nothing concerning the arrangements
for the inauguration of Governor-elect
Gage, nor do I know of any date hav
ing been selected for his inauguration.
Paris Kilburn— There has been no
meeting of the executive committee at
which the inauguration of Governor
elect Gage was discussed.
E. C. Hart, secretary State Central
Committee— l have no knowledge of
any meeting had or to be had of the
executive committee for the purpose
mentioned. I know of no arrange
ments having been made yet for the
inauguration.
Major Frank McLaughlin, chairman
Republican State Central Committee—
The executive committee of the State
Central Committee has not met since
before the close of the campaign. There
has been absolutely no meeting or any
kind.
TV". J. Dutton— l have been out or the
State ever since the election and only
returned a week ago. I have heard
nothing whatever of any meeting of
the executive committee, nor have I re
ceived any notice of such a meeting.
It is probable that had any meeting
been called I would have been noti
fied. The only thing I have received
is a card requesting me to serve on the
reception committee of the inaugural
ball, the same, I suppose, as all the
other members have received. I have
not heard a word regarding the date of
the inaugural and am not aware that
it has been decided upon. It seems to
me that it would be an unusual pro
ceeding to call upon the executive com
mittee to assist in the arrangements
for the ceremony: that work, it seems
to me, would properly devolve upon the
people of Sacramento.
Colonel George Stone — I am not aware
that any meeting of the committee has
been held since the election; certainly
I have not attended any nor have I
been notified that such a meeting would
be held. It is possible that a few mem
bers have held a conference, but that
would not be formal and binding on
the committee. But I have not even
heard of any such conference being
held, which would have been most
probable had any been held. So far as
making arrangements for the inaugura
tion is concerned nothing of the sort
has been done by the committee or any
part of it as far as I know.
Horace Davis— l have heard nothing
whatever of any meeting of the com
mittee, and as I am a member, I would
undoubtedly have received notice had
any such meeting been called. I know
nothing about the arrangements for the
inauguration, nor the date when it will
take place.
E. F. Preston — The committee has not
as yet settled upon a date for the in
auguration of Governor-elect Gage,
and, in fact, there has so far been no
Continued on Second Pago.2
FILIPINOS FIENDISH IN THE
TREATMENT OF PRISONERS
CRI'CIFIIION
OF A SPANISH
NAVAL OFFICER
Tragedy Following the
Sinking of Mon
tojo's Fleet.
Volunteers at Manila Do' Their
Christinas Shopping— The
Sunday Law Rigidly
Enforced.
BY CORPORAL F. A. HEALY.
. c of The Call.
MANILA. Nov. in.— The good ship
Senator has just arriv< d, bringing some
ninety-odd sacks of mail and the first
Installment of the troops that are to
it- l i. . reinforce us, I know not
which. And when I say I do not know
1 put myself in a very unique position,
in. position of the only man in the en
tire army who dots not know all about
it. Some of the boya have informati"n
of BUCh reliability that they argue our
early departure for home is an abso
lute certainty; others have equally au
thentic information of the Govern
ment's intention to retain us here for
the balance of our term of enlistment.
Each faction is willing to back its opin
ion with good hard coin. But as pi
is more common than cash the stakes
take the form of written agreements
promising to pay if the winner is lucky
enough .to catch the loser before the
latter has succeeded in getting rid of
his pay-day receipts. On this basis
much, very much, is wagered on the
date of uur departure.
But during the interval, be it long or
short, which must elapse before the
return home to tell in person of
their adventures and "hair-breadth
escapes by flood and lield" 1 suppose
their friends, relatives and acquaint
ances want to know "what's doing" in
far-away Manila. Well, not much, but
such as it is, here goes:
Probably the must momentous occur-
I'-nc.r which has taken place here for
time was the departure of th<
troopship Scandia, which, freighted
down with Invalids, prisoners, lucky
boys and Xmas presents, left home
ward bound a week ago last Monday.
As soon as it became definitely known
that she was going to leave the whole
nent turned out to do its Christmas
stopping. The paymaster had visited
the garrison unly a few days before,
b fellow had a pocket lined with
two months' pay to back him up in his
efforts to prove to those at home that
th< y were not entirely forgotten. One
Could enter any store along the whole
lini of the Bscolta and find
himself lust among a crowd of white
coated soldiery, t-aeh man pushing,
Struggling and perspiring in frantic en
deavor to get near enough to the coun
■ thing, no matter what,
to send to the folks at home. The price
■ . when at last he sue
d to a point of vantage, was a
secondary consideration. I have seen
many a man spend in ten minutes the
result of two months' hard work and go
away perfectly contented because he
had something that would serve as a
ring to the loved ones in
San Francisco. When the presents were
once obtained the next thing was to
find Borne one to take charge of them
and Bee to their safe delivery. Every
one of the lucky fellows? who were to
leave was called into service and the
number of packages that were entrust
ed to the care of a single individual
would cause an Oakland transfer man
to grow old in a day. It mattered not
whether the man going was an inti
friend or a perfect stranger to the
sender. The brotherhood of the army
was sufficient to cover the obligation
asked and to insure a willing accept
ance of the charge and a loyal atten
tion to the- trust.
When at last the Scandia did
pail the band of the First Cali
fornia boarded a launch and ac
co:ni,anied by most of our officers went
out to give the departing comrades a
fitting send oft The launch circled
around the vessel, loving messages were
shouted to those who were soon to see
the ones at home and were answered
by cheers and hearty good-bys. The
chip weighed anchor, three blasts of
the whistle were blown and all was
over. The band played "We Shall Meet
on a Beautiful Shore." Whether this
xneant the beautiful shore of California
or the golden shore of the New Jeru
salem, I don't know-
This trip was followed a few days
later by another one to bid the officers
and men of the Charleston farewell on
the eve of that ship's departure for
Iloilo. where she goes to preserve or
der and where the bluejackets will soon
be joined by some of our troops that
are expecting to be moved there to do
garrison work and protect the Span
ish from the fury of the Filipinos In
regard to these same Filipinos, their
high state of civilization, capacity for
self-government, etc., I must say that
those who praise them In these respects
are either willfully misleading the pub!
lie or they have received their impres
sions from one kind of a Filipino, while
my experience has been with another
and entire y different sort. For among
all the dirty, dishonest, cruel and
treacherous savages that God ever nut
on earth to libel His own image and
likeness the Filipino easily takes first
place. Their treatment of prisoners
in those parts of the island not under
the protection of the American flag is
abominable, and we daily hear tales of
cruelty and outrage perpetrated upon
helpless men and women who fall into
their hands, which fairly make our
blood boil with indignation.
Yesterday I went over to Cavite and
while there revisited the scene of a lit
tle past Filipino pleasantry which will
serve to afford an insight into their
character. The place is a little back
room in one of the larpe buildings that
line the water's edge at a point not far
from where some of the sunken Span
ish men-of-war lie half submerged in
the salty waters of the bay. Here it
was, when Dewey's guns sung the re
quiem of Spanish power on that fa
! DESTROYING SPANISH BATTERIES IN MANILA BAY.
A few days before the McCulloch left Manila Admiral Devvey thought it advisable to destroy all the
; guns which were mounted on the batteries in Manila Bay, and the McCulloch was detailed to do the work.
' The picture is drawn by a Call artist from a photograph taken by a naval officer at the time.
mous May day, where an officer, swim
ming ashore from his sinking ship,
sought refuge and here it was, hiding j
in a gloom* corner of the room, the pil
laging Filipinos found him. They
dragged him forth, stripped him naked
and, holding him up against a beam,
morticed in the plaster of the wall,
crucified him. One nail they drove
through his throat into the beam, on«
went through his two feet and one
through either hand into the plaster on
each side of the wood. There he hung
for a while, until the savages, becom
ing tired of the sport, disemboweled
him and cutting off the head threw his
mutilated trunk into a well juft outside
the window. The nail marks and blond
stains still remain, while over the
gory evidence of this horror there is
still to be seen in crimson lettering the
words "Sexta Gloria," written in sacre
lipious humor by the murderous hand
of one of these educated fiends.
But to return to things more pleas*
ant and befitting- the holiday season.
on Thursday next (Thanksgiving day>
the California boys are to be the guests
of the men from Minnesota at a
Thanksgiving dinner. The entire reg
iment is invited from the colonel to the
smallest drummer boy. The dinner will
be given in different restaurants of the
city, each division of the Minnesotas
entertaining a like division of Califor
nians. Thus the Minnesota staff will
play the host to our staff; our line of
<i< era will be taken care of by their
line officers and the rank and file from
San Francisco will eat with the rank
and file from Minnesota, company for
company. This compliment is extend
ed by the men from the land of bliz
zards in order to show their apprecia
tion of the way they were handled
while the guests of our people at home.
The boys are all looking forward to a
big time.
Our daily regimental life goes on
about the same, each to-morrow find
ing us further (from home) than to
day. Regimental dress parade takes
place on the Lunetta every evening,
each regiment of the army coming on
in turn. Of all our troops I think the
First California, as a matter of fact, I
really puts up the best appearance. Not i
only are the boys as well drilled as the I
best, but in the matter of uniforms
they stand a little bit ahead. Their full
dress consists of white helmet, blue
blouse, white trousers, brown leggings
and black shoes, a combination not as
yet displayed by any other organiza
tion and which, as a whole, makes a
mighty attractive and at the same time
sensible uniform.
Band concerts are also given at head
quarters every Tuesday, Thursday and
Saturday evening, and those among the
enlisted men who oare to do so are al
lowed to gather there and listen to the
music. I have not noticed any crowds.
Now, as to the all-absorbing topic
of regimental health. I am glad to be
able to say that sickness among the
troops is now on the decrease, though
there is still enough of it left to crowd
all the hospitals and to give each doc
tor fully as much as he can attend to.
The sick now in hospital, according to
Lieutenant Colonel Duboce, number
about 10 per cent of the entire com
mand, but many of these men have so
far progressed as to be practically fit
for duty. "Fit for duty!" These words
cover a multitude of sins. "Fit for !
duty" implies that a man Is in proper
physical condition to undertake and
carry out any of the duties that an en
listed man may be called upon to per
form. Consequently when many men
are returned to their commands with
"duty" marked after their names they
help to increase the size of said com
mands until they look very well filled
out on paper. As a matter of fact, how
ever, there are many, very many, in
deed, who, while perfectly able to drill
and do the routine work of garrison
duty, are no more fitted to go on a hard j
campaign than an eight-months-old in- !
fant. They recuperate, gain in flesh, j
but they remain weak as cats with a ;
robustness that is all unreal, and which
would vanish at the first touch of hard
ship.
Hermita Hospital has proved a great
success and has done wonders for the
boys. Golonel Smith and Major Me- j
Carthy ara both to be congratulated on
the very excellent and apparent results i
of the|r labors.
I spplte before, I think, of a Red Cross
nurse : by- the name of Waage. I wish ,
to again speak of him and to commend
him to the gratitude and good will of ;
every one who has a friend or relative
in the regiment.
C. M. Waage originally came down
aR one of the Red Cross nurses attached
to the regiment. He, together with all
of the best men attached to that organ
ization, becoming disgusted with the
vanity and incompetency of Schlott, re
signed from the Red Cross. The others
went this way and that, but Waage
has steadily continued with the regi- I
ment, working with a conscientiousness
and ability that cannot receive too
much praise. He receives no salary and
is obliged to support himself, yet,
through pure humanity, he has stuck j
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 28. 1898.
to his self-appointed task, doing more
for the command than any other singie
man here. Lieutenant Dohrmann has
recognized his services by presenting
Waage with a gold watch. Should the
mothers and relatives of the boys de
sire to express their gratitude to any
one they could find none so worthy to
receive their mark of favor than this
same man— who hag given everything
while looking for and receiving nothing
in return.
Speaking of illness naturally brings
me to our doctors, who are having
troubles of their own.
\\ hen Dr. Farrell and Dr. O'Brien
were mustered into service they were
given the rank and pay of captains.
They have been receiving captain's pay,
$166, every month. A few days ago
some one high in authority was in a
moment of idleness beguiling his time
with a book of army regulations when
he discovered that a surgeon was not
entitled to captain's pay until he had
served five ye<frs. Consequently the |
different paymasters were notified of
the mistake they had made and an
order was issued notifying the medicos
that, though they might retain the rank
of captain, they would only receive the
pay of a first lieutenant, $133, and com
manding that they restore to the Gov
ernment the difference between that
and the amount of $166 which they have
been drawing since their commission.
Thus they will not only be cut down
$33 per month, but will be obliged to
return an amount footing up nearly
$:'OO.
This order applies to all volunteer
surgeons in the same predicament and
has already resulted in eight resigna
tions being promptly sent in and as
promptly refused. Captain Kelleher,
our regimental adjutant, who has been
receiving $166 as a mounted captain,
has also been cut down to $130, the pay
prescribed in the regulations for ad
jutants and has been ordered to refund
the difference.
I don't know how the surgeons of
other regiments take the innovation,
but I do know that ours take it pretty
hard. Dr. Farrell swears he cannot
stand it, especially since his responsi
bilities at home have so materially in
creased. Dr. O'Brien, though a rich
man, is also "sore" and some day
will show the Government that he has
not been in either war or politics for his
health. Dr. McCarthy is not affected
by the order, being of the exalted rank
of major, but he is and will continue to
be a little uneasy until the matter of
the resignations is finally disposed of.
For were those of his two subordinates
accepted he would be obliged to work.
Speaking of Dr. O'Brien, I would like
to call the attention of his many friends
at home to the splendid work he has
been doing at the smallpox hospital,
from which place he has only just been
released after five weeks of complete
isolation, during which time he has
been hourly exposed to contagion. Not
withstanding which fact he has come
out unscathed, leaving behind him a
record it will be hard to equal, impos
sible to surpass.
Who would ever look to a newly cap
tured city, one that is still turbulent
and only kept in order by the heavy
hand of martial law, for signs of sanc
tity? No one, I imagine. Yet should
the eyes of the reformer be turned
westward toward the land of the set
ting sun he would behold that which
would cause his spirit to rejoice. The
Sunday closing law is in force in Ma
nila. It went Into operation three
weeks ago, since which time every Sab
bath has found the saloons closed as
tightly as the proverbial oyster and,
though I have been over a good por
tion of the city since the law went into
effect, on each one of the succeeding
days devoted to the Lord, I have not
seen over a dozen or twenty drunken
men (not counting policemen) on any
one day. I don't know the reason for
the movement, but it Is an excellent
idea, as it gives the enlisted men at
least one day out of every seven in
which to partially sober up.
The wave of reformation has aR->
swept over the canteens, in which
whisky is no longer allowed to be sold.
This occasions considerable inconveni
ence, as it takes a man twice as long
to fill up on beer or wine as on
whisky. The difference In the price,
however, somewhat compensates for
th diffprence in time.
We are still here, but don't want to
be any longer than can be helped. Tell
this to some Influential polly who has
an eye to the future.
THANKSGIVING DAY
OBSERVED AT MANILA
IHstinguished Englishmen Join With
Americans in a Hearty Cele
bration.
MANILA, P. 1.. Nov. 25.—Thanksgiv
ing day was both observed and cele
brated in this city yesterday, not only
by 15,000 Americans, but also by the
British and many other foreign reai
dents. All the banks and leading mer
cantile houses were closed and many
of the retail stores kept open for only a
few hours in order to accommodate the
soldiers who were anxious to purchase
Christmas presents to be sent home by
to-day's mail.
There being no Protestant church
here special services were held in the
Christian Commission tent on the banks
of the Pasig River in the morning and
large as it is the canvas enclosure was
taxed to its utmost to accommodate
those who attended. Rev. J. T. Owen,
a Methodist missionary from Portlan i,
Or., and Chaplains Cressy, Thirteenth
Minnesota, and Daly, First South Da
kota Volunteers, officiated, and the
services included a violin solo by Ser
geant Gust v Miller, Second Oregon
Volunteers; vocal solos by Sergeant
Guyer, Wyoming Battalion, and selec
tions by the California quartet.
During the afternoon there was a
naval regatta on the bay and a series
of aquatic sports for the crews of
Dewey's squadron, and all sorts of in
formal celebrations ashore. Among the
most notable were the entertainment
provided for such of the inmates of the
division hospital who were able to par
ticipate in it and the regimental dinner
tendered by the Minnesotans to the
Californians, which was a most elabor
ate affair.
The feature of the day, however, was
the dinner offered by Hon. O. F. Wil
liams, the United States Consul, to Ad
miral Dewey and his captains and
Major General Otis and his generals, at
the residence of G. Hollman, on the
Calle de Iris.
The house, a large two-story resi
dence, was tastefully and , profusely
decorated for the occasion with ever
greens and flowers, most elaborate pre
parations having been made for the
inauguration of the American custom
of celebrating Thanksgiving In this
newly acquired territory.
The guests began to arrive at 1
o'clock p. m. and an hour later, when
dinner was served, it would be difficult
to imagine a more distinguished gather
ing than that which assembled in the
reception-room. In one corner were the
nation's hero, Rear Admiral Dewey, the
British Consul, General Anderson and
Captains Dyer of the Baltimore and
Coghlan of the Raleigh. In another
group were the Captain of the Port,
General Harrison Gray Otis, Captain
Lamberton of the flagship Olympia,
Captain Singer of the Manila and
Colonel McClure of the Governor Gen
eral's staff. , The army, navy, diplo
matic corps and representative citizens
temporarily laid aside the cures and
routine of everyday life and hobnobbed
together as though no such thing as
rank existed, and indeed, for the time
being, that, too, was laid aside
.Covers were laid for thirty-four, but
Major General Otis and his aid being
unavoidably detained at the last mo
ment by stress of business there were
two vacancies at the long table in the
dining-room.
The guests aligned the festive board
as follows:
n^v^T^/v^"^? 18 - ? ear Admiral George
?nn r«" a N ,y M ajor General T. M. Ander*
Arthur" if "V A nK » dl , er ,General, General Arthur Mac-
Arthur U. b A. ; Brigadier General C. McC.
Reeve, U. S. A.; Captain N. M. Dyer V B IS
Baltimore; British Consul H. a Ramsden
Lieutenant W. Braunersreuther. captafnTf the
port;- Lieutenant W O. Bailey Signal Corps!
Mr. G. E. A. Cadell. Smith, Bell & Co • Bel
?J Urn SOIS 0I i E , Ul ,?• C And ree. Captain F/Singlr
& S h M? 1111 *: Captain Asa Walker. U.sfs
Concord; Mr. H. D. C. Jones, Hongkong- and
Mr an M Bank; Mr. ,CoWen', CoWen ' Manila Times*
Mr. J. McLeod, Companla Maritlma; Chaplain
Fleming, First Colorado; Mr. J. T. McCutcn
eon, Chicago Record; Mr. E. La ngley Jones
Associated Frees; Brigadier, General Sam
Ovenshlne V. 8. A.; Mr. E. •Wlldman, Vice
Thp S A m at Hongkong; Mr. Franklin Brooks,
Ihe American; Major. Thomas Sternberg Pay
master U. S. A.; Mr. K. H. Warner, Warner
Barnes & Co.; Colonel Charles McClure Pay
master V. S. A.; Postmaster F. W. Vail'e Mr
P. G. McDonell, New York Journal; Captain P.
B. Lamberton, U. S. F. Olympia: Brigadier
General Irving Hale. V. S. A.; Brigadier Gen
eral Harrison Gray Otis. U. S. A. ; Captain E.
H. Leutze, U. S. S. Monterey; Mr. G. Hollman.
The dining-room was most artistical
ly decorated, the centerpiece being a
large United States flag draped upon
the wall and surrounded with palm
leaves and , other evergreens. The
table was a mass of flowers and the
very air was heavy with the perfume of
the ylang-ylang boutonnieres which
lay beside each plate. Perhaps the
most striking of the table. decorations
however, were the menu cards, con
sisting of most artistic colored folders
representing the Stars and Stripes.
Across the flag was printed the follow
ing legend: "Consul Williams' Thanks
giving dinner offered to American com
manders in the residence of Mr. G.
Hollman, Manila, Calzada de Iris, No.
7; Thursday. November 24, 1898." ..•.: .
On the back were the words "America
Forever" in red letters, and Inside the
contents were as. follow:. .'
Soup Filipino.
Fish a la Cavlte.
Mutton Chops with Asparagus.
Loin of Bppf a la Rochester.
Turkpy with Dewey Sauce.
Ham.
Curry and Rice.
Ice Cream. Cakes. Fruits. Bonbons
Coffee and Cream.
Tea. Chocolate. Soda. Lemonade.
; During the course of the meal the i
; band from the United States ship Balti
more discoursed patriotic and other airs
in the compound.
In accordance with the wishes of the
guests there was no formal speech- :
making, Consul Williams at the close ',
of the repast making a few felicitous
remarks appropriate to the occasion,
and British Consul Ramsden, in pro
posing the toast "The President of the
United States," also said a few pleas
ant things.
On Monday next there will be another |
spread, at which Admiral Dewey will
preside, the guests including all the
members of the Loyal Legion now in i
Manila.
PENETRATED THE
WILDS OF LUZON
American Officers Find the Native
Government Established
Everywhere.
MANILA, Nov. 25.— Paymaster Wil
cox and. Naval Cadet Sargent of the
United States steamship Monadnock
have returned to Manila after a most
interesting journey through the north
of Luzon. They left Manila on the Bth
of October and have been on the march
six weeks. While they did not go in
any official capacity, they went with
the approval of the authorities, and
gathered a mass of information which
will be very useful in regard to these
little known regions, hitherto almost a
sealed book to the majority of Ameri
cans.
These two officers traversed some of
the wildest parts of (Luzon and met
nothing but courtesy and hospitality
all the way. They found the native
government established everywhere
they went, everything quiet and
running smoothly, and, as far as they
knew, everything unquestionably un
der Aguinaldo's direction without sign
of dissent.
However, they found an immopsely
valuable country, in an appallingly
backward state as far as internal com
munications are concerned, and per
fectly primeval savages of the most
barbarous type dominating great
stretches of country, which Aguinaldo's
forces cannot control. And the Chi
nese storekeepers are everywhere.
INSURGENT SUCCESSES
ON SEVERAL ISLANDS
Iloilo City Completely Surrounded
and at the Mercy of the
Filipinos.
MANILA, Nov. 25.— 0n Monday night
about 8 o'clock the fleet lying off Man
ila signaled, "Transports sighted." A
boat was dispatched to meet them, but
long before she was within hailing dis
tance the searchlights, whipping across
the sea, had picked up the strangers,
who sailed up the bay in the path of the
light. They proved to be the Valencia
and Senator, which left San Francisco
on October 19. They brought the fol
lowing troops: The Second Battalion
of the First Washington Volunteers, a
hundred men from the California
Heavy Artillery Volunteers, two assist
ant surgeons and several hospital stew
ards. Besides these there were the re
cruits, numbering one battalion of the
Second Oregon Volunteers and the
Third Battalion of the Third United
States Artillery.
Other troops are to follow very shori
ly in the transports Indiana and Ohio.
As they are supposed to have left with
in one week of the Valencia's sailing,
they may be expected any day. The
troops assigned to them are the re
maining battalion of the First Wash
ington, two battalions of the Twen
tieth Kansas, the Fifty-first Regiment
lowa Volunteers,, two battalions of Ten
nessee Volunteers.
This will complete the assignment of
troop 6 for the Manila expeditionary
forces and Eighth Army Corps. It is
not likely that more men will be sent
unless the present conditions change.
The rebels have massed laree armed
forces near Molo and Jaro and can
take these places almost without re
sistance. The Spanish General Rios
communicated with the rebel leaders on
the 18th inst. and proposed that these
towns be considered neutral ground,
provided he withdrew his troops to
Iloilo; but the offer was declined. H.
M. S. Plover arrived at Uoiln on the
17th inst. and will protect the British
residents if the town be attacked. The
rebels are massed in surh force that
thejJ can easily carry the city, and if
they have made an attack it probably
has fallen already.
The guns from the Spanish boat Tsla
de Luzon have been landed and set up
for the defense of the city.
During last week the Elcano and a
small gunboat sailed into Sarsogon. the
hemp port, and called for the surren
der of the city, which was flying the
insbrgent flag. The rebels hooted at
the Spanish, who then fired three sheila
from the Elcano into tne town, but did
little or no damage. The stout show
of resistance put up by the natives
caused the Spanish to turn about and
leave the harbor.
The Spanish transport Buenos Ayres
has sailed for Iloilo and Spain, carry,
ing 769 Spaniards, sick and prisoners,
as well as a great number of officers.
The scene at the dock w-as a peculiar
one. Men gathered with all their be
longings about them who had fought
for months in this "island of paradise."
who had; come here in all the, pride of
their nation in gayly decorated ships
and landed with bands playing and
Spanish flags flying from every a
ble point. How different the d<
ture! All quiet and unostentatious,
not a banner of their defeated coun
try to be seen; and those who were left
behind remained only because they
could not secure passage. For months
past many Spanish families have been
living at the- -Hotel del Orlente with
out meeting their expenses. When the
proprietor heard of the intended sail
ing of the Buenos Ayres he called on
the American authorities and lodged a
complaint. It is understood that meas
■ ures were taken causing all bills to be
j paid before they were allowed to de
part.
News, from private sources ard thor
oughly reliable has just been received
from iloilo to the following effect:
The Spanish Governor of Hollo has
petitioned the Charleston to remain In
the harbor, as he is utterly unable to
protect hfs own people and the foreign
i residents. Iloilo is completely BUr
i rounded and at 'the mercy of the insur-
I gents. These rebels declare that they
are not anxious for any connection with
i Aguinaldo. but are fighting to rid them
i selves of Spanish rule. When the en
emy has been driven out they will glad
ly welcome the Americans if they are
guaranteed some sort of fair govern
ment and protection.
In Negros the insurgents have mot
with great success, capturing and dis
1 arming 1000 Spaniards. Later they al
: lowed the prisoners to join their coun
: trymen at Iloilo. Capiz and Panay
are likewise in the hands of the con
quering insurgents, who are disarming
, Spaniards everywhere, but treating
■ them with all consideration.
DUNHAM SUSPECT
IN AN OHIO JAIL
Arrested Because of His Resem
blance to the Photograph of
the Murderer.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Dec. 27.-There is
under arrest in this city a man whom the
police have strong reason to believe is
James C. Dunham, for whom there is
offered a reward of $11,000, dead or, alive,
at San Jose, Cal. He was picked up here
by Detective Louis Wolf of the local force
as a suspicious character, he having of
fered a lot of goods for sale at about 30
per cent of the actual value. wn _ nn
He gave the name of Harry Wilson
when arrested, but in court to-da> he
said that his right name *as Harr>
Church and that he was born in Sacra
me'to Cal.. from which point he started
two vvars ago. At different places here
before his arrest he gave the names of
H V. Morris. O. H. Ross, Harry Lewis
and Harry Howard. He has been In this
city for about, a month and had been
under surveillance. t .
Mrs. Church is here in the city but she
says she knows very little about her hus
band, having met him about two years
ago, and does not even know his busi
ness They were married in Illinois.
There is a difference of opinion among
those who have seen Church regarding
his resemblance to Dunham, the Cali
fornia murderer. At first glance there is
a strong likeness between Church and
the photograph of Dunham in the pos
session of the police. This was first no
ticed by one of the detectives, whose
curiosity had been aroused by the air
of mystery that seemed to hang over the
Chl«I of Police Kelly is of the opinion
that the prisoner is not Dunham, for the
reason, ch'efly. that the picture of Dun
ham shows him to have a square Jaw,
while that of Church is somewhat point
ed A photograph of Church will be for
warded with a description to San Jose,
Cal.
Church is about 35 years of age. is 5 feet
10 inches in height and weighs about ir>s
pounds. He has a dark complexion, dark
Jiair tinged with gray, dark mustache,
dark eyes, prominent straight nose,
rather thin-faced and slightly pointed
chin. Three of the upper set of teeth
have gold crowns.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 27.— Sheriff Lyndon
knows nothing of the arrest of the Dun
ham suspect at Columbus, Ohio, and says
he has received no information to that
effect.
STRIKE IN A COPPER MINE.
Five-Foot Vein of Ore Opened in the
Leola, Near Mount Tacoma.
TACOMA, Dec. 27.— News that a big
strike has been made at the Leola cop
per mine has just reached Tacoma. Sev
eral days ago a solid five-foot vein of ore
was opened just a few feet below the
surface. It runs 20 per cent pure copper
and carries twenty ounces of silver and
a paying quantity of gold to the ton.
Several veins ramify on the property,
which is owned by Tacoma capitalists.
The mine is located in the eastern part
of Pierce County, at the, foot of Mount
Tacoma, on Canada Creek. The forma
tion is practically identical with that in
the Cornwall copper fields, and the ore
can be mined very cheaply.
GOVERNOR GAGE'S
INAUGURATION
Continued from First Page.
discussion upon that question. There
has been no recent meeting of the
executive committee and I have re
ceived no notice, official or otherwise,
that such a meeting is to be held.
J. K. Wilson — I have attended no
meeting of the executive committee
nor have I any knowledge of there
having been a meeting of the commit
tee. I have received no notification
that there was to be a meeting of the
committee. I know nothing about the
date set for the inauguration of Gov
ernor-elect Gage.
J. Alva Watt — There has been no
formal meeting of the executive com
mittee for the purpose of discussing
a date for the inauguration of Gov
ernor-elect Gage. There has been no
formal meeting of the committee at all,
but its members have talked among
themselves of the desirability of hold
ing the inaugural ball on the 9th, in
stead of the ltith of next month.
Dr. R. C. Meyers — The executive
committee of the State Central Com
mittee is independent of any commit
tee which will name a date for the in
aguration of Gage. Any arrangements
for such an occasion will be made at
the pleasure of the Governor-elect and
by his own committee. There has been
no meeting of the executive commit
tee for such a purpose, and to my
knowledge, none has been or will be
called.
F. W. Dohrmann — I have received no
notification of any meeting set for the
purpose of naming the Inaugural day
of Governor-elect Gage, and so far as
I am able to ascertain, none has been
held in the past.
It is asserted by those who pretend
to know that Governor-elect Gage will
not have the courage to reappoint Mr.
Gunst as Police Commissioner, but
that he will allow him to remain in
office without disturbing him, which is,
of course, equivalent to a reappoint
ment. In this he will have the moral
support of the entire gambling com
munity.
THE FIIGER OF
SUSPICION
Continued from First Page.
Knight asked him how far it was from
Station X to the ferry, and then how far
from Station H. This angered Hosmer,
who said: "We will now have a stump
speech on the side." To this his opponent
replied: "If you are going to guess. you
might as well guess well.'
Dr. Wolf, the Delaware chemist, was
recalled and further questioned as to the
difference between lump and powdered
arsenic.
In the midst of his- questioning Knight
was interrupted by Hosmer and shouted
to him with his revei uejating voice. ■' Sit
down; I am going to have my -say to the
court, if it takes all summer."
Hosmer— Why don't you try this case
decently?
Knight— You try it decently.-
Thus the amenities of the trial.
The afternoon session was a 'brief one.
Peter A. Glllin, a policeman, was the first
witness called. He said .that when ha
served the subpena on ' Dr. TerriU he
told him voluntarily that he could not
recall when he attended Mrs. Botkin. Ho
said there was apparently nothing the
matter with her and he did not expect to
collect his fee, .hence his neglect to enter
the visit in his book. 
With this Mr. Hosmer said: "We rest,
thus completing the case of the prosecu
tion.
Mr. Knight recalled Purser Corcoran to
determine what time the steamer Far
allon left Eureka on June li. He finally
fixed it as about 2 a. m.
Mrs. William H. Roberts, sister of Mrs.
Botkin, was the last witness of the de
fense. She testified that she remembered
the Columbia opera troupe leaving Eu
reka on the steamer Farallon. They
played there two nights, and on the 16th.
the last night they were there, she and
her sister made up their minds, at the last
moment to go. They could not secure
seats and were unable to attend. She said
Mrs. Botkin did not leave the house that
day or. night. .
' "That's our case, said Knight. -
It was decided to defer the arguments
until to-day. Attorney <Jeneral White of
Delaware will open for the prosecution.
He will be followed this afternoon by
George Knight for Mrs. Botkin. It. is ex
pected that this will consume the greater
part of the day. Should it do so Senator
Frank- McGowan will make the final plea
for Mrs. Botkin to-morrow morning, and
Mr. Hosmer will make the closing argu
ment. The case will go to the jury to
morrow afternoon or early on Friday.
A. •WITNESS "WHO .
DID NOT TESTIFY
Druggist Oeorge Beck IS
Brought . From tli©
Mountains Toy til©
Proseoution.
Day before yesterday Chief of Police
Lees sent to Tuolumne County for George
Beck, the druggist who was brought into
the Botkin case soon after the defendant
was arrested, but for some reason known
only to the prosecution the witness wa3
not placed on the stand.
Beck was employed as clerk in the
Baldwin Pharmacy for a long time and
while there he became acquainted with
Mrs. Botkin. F. P. Grey, the clerk in the.
Owl Drug Store who sold arsenic to Mrs.
Botkin, worked with Beck In the Bald
win, and while there Beck introduced the
defendant to Grey.
Beck is now assistant foreman of a
mine at Quartz Mountain, Tuolumne
County, and when he received a message
from the prosecution he immediately
started for the city, arriving here yester
day morning. He went immediately to
Chief Lees' private office, where he met
the Chief and District Attorney Hosmer.
He told Qf his acquaintanceship with Mrs.
Botkin and also that he had introduced
her to Grey, his fellow-clerk. After he
had finished his statement he was in
formed that he would be called to the
witness stand, the intention of the prose
cution being to emphasize Grey's testi
mony as to the sale of the poison and also
his identification of the defendant.
Beck went to the court room where the
trial is in progress, but to his surprise th'o
case was suddenly closed and he was not
called upon to testify. After court ad
journed he met Mrs. Botkin. in the court
room and had a short chat' with her.
"Did you come here to testify against
me, George?" said Mrs. Botkin.
"I was summoned- by the prosecution,"
replied Beck, "and I would have told
the truth had I been put on the witness
stand." ■>;■. .
"Well, I am glad you didn't go' on the
stand," the defendant said, "although I
know you would not have said anything
against me."
"Nor could I have said anything for
you," replied Beck.
Mrs. Botkin then changed the conversa
tion, saying:
"I am sorry to meet you under such
unpleasant circumstances, but I have no
fears of the result and I hope to see. you
again under happier conditions."
Beck bade his whilom friend good-by
and left the City Hall. He will return to
the mountains to-day. It will be re
membered that Beck was mentioned as
one of the recipients of Mrs. Botkin's
hospitality when sshye y and Dunning were
indulging in their seances at 927 Geary
street, and he has, made several state
ments to Chief Lees, giving the details of
his visits to the defendant.
The day following the discovery that
Mrs. Botkin bought arsenic at the Owl
Drug Store she admitted having purchased
the poison of Clerk Grey. She said she
had known Grey for a long time and
always bought her drugs of him when
he was at the Baldwin, and that she
went to him for arsenic to bleach her
hats. On the witness-stand she denied
the purchase. The prosecution intended
to show by Beck that Grey could not pos
sibly be mistaken regarding the sale.
Found Dead in a Cabin.
FORT BRAGG, Dec. 27. — Lena "Way,
otherwise known as Rosie O'Grady, whs
found dead in a cabin yesterday." It is
suppose?! that she committed suicide. ll<t
parents reside in Humboldt County.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREETO MEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost.
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable,
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute. Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled. for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a homo
treatment and all men "who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness, resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varleo-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now euro
themselves at home. .;>■.. •, : .
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that coma
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success
in all cases. A request to the State Med-
ical Institute, 193 First National Bank
building. Fort Wayne, Ind. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great class
of men' who are unable to leave home' to
be treated and the free sample will, en-
able' them to see how easy It is to be
cured iof sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employer:. The in-
stitute; makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers ar»
requested to write without delay.
raai:i.'.M«w
Oppression, r&uuocdiioii, NfcUl I j.-id,eU.'. l i;uMiL'y
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Ptris, J. E P 0 ; New York. S. FOCGEBA * CO
'SOLD ;BY ALL' DBOGGISTS. 'PERKINS WILL
VOTE AGAINST
THE TREATY
Strongly Opposed to
Expansion.
ITS EVILS ARE POINTZD OUT
DECLARES THE POLICY WILL
PROVE A PLAGUE,
Will Throw Open the United States
to the Invasion of Seven
Millions of Mon
grels.
Sr*e;aJ Dlsratch to The Call.
CALL OFFICE,
RIGGS HOUSE,
WASHINGTON, Dec. 27.
" I shall vote against the
treaty brought back from
Paris by the Peace Com
missioners unless Instruct
ed otherwise by the Legis
lature of California." was
the frank declaration made
by Senator Perkins to-day.
He discussed the subject with earn
estness and without reservation. "I
have very strong convictions on the
subject, and I am not endeavoring to
draw an unnecessarily dark picture
vhf-n I predict that a general reaction
against expansion is now going on all
the country, and before a great
while we will be brought face to face
with the fact that we have more mo
mentous problems to solve right here
at home without going to the far-off
Philippines."
"Will the treaty be ratified?" asked
Thp Call correspondent.
"Not the same day It is presented,"
replied th<' Senator with marked em
phasis. "It has been stated by some
cf the newspaper* that Hoar is prob
ably the only Republican Senator who
will vote against ratification. I am quite
n that other Republican Senators
are as strongly opposed to the policy
of expansion announced by the Presi
dent as I am, and when the vote is
taken, unless the treaty is materially
amended, it will be found that Senator
does n"t stand alone on the Re
publican side of the chamber in oppo
sition to a policy which will surely
come home t<> plague us.
■This is very strung language to come
from a Republican, but I have very
and earnest convictions on the
subject and cannot believe that the
people "f California are willing to
brush aside the Chinese exclusion acts
and allow millions of Chinese to rush
int.. this country as American citizens.
people on the Pacific Coast have
been struggling for many years to pre
vent the Chinese from coming into com
petition with our laboring people and
now it is proposed at one fell swoop
to admit 7.000,000 of mongrels, many of
whom, sixty days ago, had never heard
of the United States and are totally
ignorant of our habits, our laws and
our institutions. .
"It is claimed that the acquisition of
the Philippines will increase our trade
relations, and in support of that theory
we are obliged to listen to that glitter
ing sentence, "Trade follows the flag.'
That sounds very pleasant and patri
otic but th^ theory is kicked to death
by the stubborn fact that to-day our
oftlcial reports show that the balance
of trade is in our favor and at the same
time the records show that the great
bulk of our trade is carried in ships
flying foreign Hags."
. "It is asserted that the friends of
expansion insist it is too late to turn
back, and that we could not let go of
the Philippines if we desired to," The
Call correspondent suggested.
"It is never too late to do the right
thing, when it is discovered that a
ike has been committed," replied
the Senator. "I have seen.it suggested
that we might sell some of the Philip
pin 0 ? to other countries, and thus real
ize a handpome sum to compensate us
for our outlay during the war. Such
t;;!k is absurd. We have made a seri
ous mistake and the sooner we admit
it the better it will be for our common
country.
"I am an American and believe in
building up American Institutions and
doing whatever is rifrht to promote
American interests. Looking at the
situation from the commercial and also
the political standpoint, I cannot see
that our people or our party will be
benefited by carrying out the expan
pollcy which the President so
gracefully enunciated during his recent
visit to Oie sunny South.
"I an convinced that the more prac
tical business people ponder over th*
■ .'he more they will be impressed
v ith th^ belief that we do not desire
nor do we need the Spanish colonies of
th« Pacific or the West Indies. Why.
■;<->nrra! Corbin tbld our com
• . n few days ago that we would
require an army of 50.000 mm in Cuba,
after we have sent all of the Span
ildiera brvk to. Spain. Many peo
ho are crying; so loudly for expan
sive failed to stop to consider the
burdens which will fall upon the
■ taxpayers to maintain a stand
ing army of 100.000 and also maintain
puch governments as may be deter
mined unon in the Philippines, Cuba
ami Porto Rico. Unless I am greatly
• V-n. a reaction will set in which
may sweep th--> Republican party from
power because - ' the unwise policy of
exnnns-ion."
SPECULATION OVER
THE TREATY OF PEACE
WASHINGTON, Dec. 27.— The pres
erve of Senator Davis, one of the
membfers <if the Peace Commission, at
tol to-day was the cause of
dv" less peace treaty speculation
among {Senators.
It is the intention of Senator Davis
to riFk the Committee on Foreign Rela
tions, to take uji the treaty as soon as
it is received from the President. While
it is expected that tho document will
umi.-rg.o cmreful scrutiny in committee,
Ll opinion that this work
will be done with aa much expedition
•is pomdbUt There will be an effort
pn the par: of the friends of the treaty
• have it reported without any amend
• \\h;ir*v<r. and they assert that
minim-, a* a whole, Is favorable
to ratification without alterations.
i >n»> present plan <>f the .Senators op
to the Straight ratification in to
urge the insertion of an amendment
Hue: in specific terms that the
T'nited States shall not acquire sover
eignty over thfc Philippine Islands, un
der any circumstances.
SAGASTA DYING OF
A BROKEN HEART
MADRID. Dec. 27.— The friends of Prime Minister Sagasta say
that though he is suffering from pneumonia and a complication of
diseases, he is in reality dying of a broken heart. A few days
prior to his illness he talked in a manner which showed he was
heartbroken because of Spain's misfortunes. He said:
"The time when the peace negotiations were proceeding was one
of the greatest bitterness to me. Many a night I could not sleep and
many a day I could not eat, so deep was my anxiety and fears that
what has now happened would happen.
■"I know the Americans and guessed what they were going to do.
Nevertheless; I sometimes hoped they would not be so cruel as
they have since proved. We met no generosity from the United
States, only levity and deceit, which were carried to the extreme of
capriciously interpreting an important word in the protocol in order
to violate a principle we had already accepted. Now all is ended.
"We must look to the future. The lesson has been hard, but it
will be fruitful. We must reform all the branches of administra
tion from the highest posts to the humblest village municipality. I
think we will be able in five years to establish the most radical re
forms. I hope I may live to see that day."
NOTORIOUS GREEK
BRIGAND CAPTURED
New Yorl^ Police Arrest Sarantos,
oq WfyDse hjead a Price Has
Been Placed.
NEW YORK. Dec. 27.— Michael Ferrandou. a Oreek who was
charged with having decoyed a Greek sailor, Nicolas Zoutzouble, to
his room and there beating him into insensibility and robbing him,
upon being arraigned in court to-day was identified as the Greek bri
gand, Souteros de Sarantos, for whom the Greek Government has of
fered 5000 francs, dead or alive. The identification was made by
George Zegouras of this city and others. Sarantos. it was stated, has
been in this country for many months and has been recognized by
nearly all the Greeks who have met him as the brigand on whose
head the Greek Government has placed a price, but they have been
afraid to disclose his identity to the authorities.
Just prior to the breaking out of the Greco-Turkish war a band
of brigands under the leadership of Sarantos infested the province of
Artolia, in the southern portion of Greece. These outlaws impris
oned wealthy residents of the country and travelers and held them
for ransom. Many English and other tourists suffered at the hands
of the outlaws. They became such a terror that the Greek Govern
ment sent a detail of soldiers to aid the police of the locality in
suppressing them. The outlaws and the authorities came into con
flict and a captain of police and five soldiers were killed by the out
laws. The Greek Government then offered a reward for the cap
ture of Sarantos dead or alive.
Ferrandou denies emphatically that he is Sarantos, and declares
that his enemies have plotted to get rid of him. The prisoner was
held for trial on the charge of assault and robbery, and the matter
of the brigandage will be laid before the Greek Consul here.
CUBANS CONTINUE
RIOTING IN HAVANA
HAVANA, Dec. 27.— Senor de Castro, the civil governor of Havana, act
ing in accord with General Ludlow, has issued an order forbidding any
further firing of firearms or exploding of fireworks in public thorough
fares. He also prohibits the assembling of crowds In the streets or parks
after 6:30 p. m.. orders the closing of all places of entertainment, including
theaters and cafes, at 11 p. m. : forbids people taking part in certain Afri
can dances, in which the participants are dressed in civil costume; forbids
meetings of Nanigos, and forbids all manifestations which may produce
conflicts between the Cubans and Spaniards or between Spaniards and
Americans. Those who violate those orders are threatened with severe pun
ishment.
CHICAGO, Dec. 27.— A Havana special to the Tribune says: Two Span
ish sailors were wounded and a Spanish marine was killed by the Ameri
cans. A number of other oersonfl whoso names could not be secured werts
also wounded in the melee which caused the interference of the American
troops. Three Cubans wer^ fatally injured. Several Spaniards who were
carried away by friends were wour.de>d, but it is not known how seriously.
The Cubans who were fatally injured are:
Jose Delores, a mulatto; shot through the stomach with a rifle bullet.
Ramon Delgados, shot in hip and chest.
Pedro Mates, shot in gro.n.
None of the American 501i1378 were wounded.
In the small riots that JCCUtred in various parts of the city to-day
twelve persons were wounded, several fatally.
A cab driver was shot last night for refusing to enter the territory
within Spanish jurisdiction with Cuban and American flags on his vehicle.
An omnibus driver and two women were shot by Nanigos to-day, and the
body of a lieutenant of guerrillas has been found near Zelba de Aqua, this
province. He was taken from the town by a band of Cubans and killed.
The Spanish alcalde of Zeiba de Agrua has arrived here and his son has ad
vised him not to return or he will be killed. Several guerrillas are re
ported to have been killed in Bancti Spiritus after the evacuation of that
place by the Spaniards and before the American occupation of the town.
Four Spaniards, residents of San L.vis, province of Pinar del Rio, have ar»
rived here, saying they fear they will be killed by the Cubans. The police
reports show that twelve more persons have been wounded, four of them
being international cases. The rest of them were accidental wounds.
Among the wounded are three children and a lady, whose arm has been am
putated.
The citizens of Havana read in their morning papers an order from Cap
tain General Castellanos, permitting the display of Cuban and American
flags inside the lines of Spanish jurisdiction, and early this morning the
stars and stripes and the lone star of Cuba floated over many buildings in
the heart of the city and in the streets, where the Snanish soldiers still
keep guard. The only buildings excepted in the order are government of
fices. Havana is. therefore, now bright with color. Fear of the Spaniards
disappeared with the appearance of this order, for out came thousands of
flags, secretly made by the women of the households or clandestinely pur
chased from adventurous peddlers. Robert A. Scott, formerly City Treas
urer of Jacksonville, Fla.. succeeded in getting a small cargo of bunting
into Havana s me weeks ago, and flags originally costing about 4 cents
have been selllnar for about a dollar each*
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1898.
AGUINALDO
IN DREAD OF
ASSASSINATION
Dictator Said to Be in
Hiding.
TAKES A SUDDEN DEPARTURE
ENSCONCED IN AN INACCESSI
BLE RENDEZVOUS.
Formation of a New Cabinet In
trusted to Madi, His Bitter Foe
and a Rampant Irrecon
cilable.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA. Dec. 27.— The situation
here, so far as the insurgents are con
cerned, is serious. The formation of a
new Cabinet has been entrusted to a
Filipino named Madi. a rampant ir
reconcilable of unknown antecedents
and a bitter opponent of Aguinaldo. es
pecially on the question of the Spanish
prisoners. It is reported that Asuinaldo
refused to set free the prisoners, al
though the Cabinet decided to accede to
the request of General Otis for their re
lease.
It is rumored that Aguinaldo has fled
to an inaccessible region back of Ca
vite, with a few followers, fearing as
sassination. The report, however, is
denied, but his sudden change of base
is not explained.
A steamer which has arrived here
from Samar reports that the Tagal in
surgents have been in possession of
Kilbaon since December 11. Business
there is said to be entirely suspended,
and all the Spaniards of the vicinity
have sought refuge in the house of
an American named Scott. The insur
gents threatened to attack the refugees,
but refrained from doing so because it
was reported that American soldiers
were on their way there. One Spaniard,
however, was shot, and another was
pluckily rescued by Scott, who ran fif
teen miles and dtmanded the man's life
in the face of the armed Tagals. who
have been looting the Viscayas' stores
and houses, the leaders <>f the insur
gents being unable to control them. All
the efforts made to induce the Viscayas
to join in the revolution have been
fruitless.
PHILIPPINE JUNTA
TO BE ESTABLISHED
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Senor
AgoiK-illn. representative of Aguinaldo
and the Philippine insurgent revolu
tionary government, accompanied by
his secretary, Senor Lopez, returned to
Washington to-day.
"I can say in the first place," said
Senor Agoncillo, when asked concern
ing his .purpose in returning to Wash
ington, after the failure to obtain a
hearing before the Peace Commission
ers in Paris, "that we return to Wash
ington with the intention and purpose
of remaining at the American capital
until the question of the Philippines is
finally and definitely settled. We will
shortly open in Washington a Philip
pine junta, where all of the business
between the American Government and
the republican government of the Phil
ippines, of which General Etnllio Agui
naldo la the head, will be conducted.
"President Aguinaldo has dispatched
three additional commissioners to
Washington and they are expected to
arrive here before many days. As soon
as they reach this city the active work
of establishing the junta will be com
menced. The new commissioners are
General Riego de Dios, Dr. Lozada and
Senor Juan Lura. 1 will be president
of the Washington junta.
"Our mission in Europe was by no
means a failure. We were very suc
cessful in many of our undertakings.
We established a flourishing junta in
Paris and another in London, and have'
made arrangements for the establish
ment of others in other leading F]uro
pean capitals. They will be under my
direct supervision and control and their
reports will pass through my hands be
fore reaching the government of our
country."
GENERAL RIOS HAS
SURRENDERED ILOILO
MADRID, Dec. 27. — General Ring, the
Spanish commander in the Visayas, has
telegraphed to the Government from
Hollo, capital of the island of Panay.
under date of December 24 as follows:
"Am preparing to embark on the
steamer Leo XIII for Zamboulga, is
land of Mindanao, havin^ yesterday
(December 23) formally surrendered
Iloilo, in the presence of the military
and naval commanders, the Mayor and
r the foreign Consuls. Have charged the
German Consul with the protection of
Spanish interests. Shall arrive at Ma.
nila by the end of the month."
Though the dispatch is ambiguous, It
is assumed here that the surrender cf
Iloilo was to the Americans.
OTIS IS MEETING
WITH DIFFICULTY
WASHINGTON, Dec. 27.— A Ion? ca
blegram was received during the day
from General Otis at Manila describ
ing the situation there. Its contents
was not made public, but it is known
that he mentions no outbreak, which
gives a negative encouragement to the
officials, although it is appreh-nued
that General Otis is meeting with dif
ficulty in securing the release of the
Spanish prisoners which he was
charged to effect.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 27.— 0n January
1 a postoffice sub-station will be located
in Arlington Hotel. Santa Barbara,
Congressman Loud and wife both con
tinue to improve.
Army orders: By direction of the Sec
retary of War, Captain Herbert Choynski,
Battery It. California Volunteer Heavy
Artillery, having tendered his resignation,
is honorably discharged from the service
of the United States, to take effect this
date. Acting Assistant Surgeon Isaac W.
Brewer, United States Army, is relieved
from duty at Washington Barracks, Dis
trict of Columbia, and will prodeed to
Fort Crook, Nebraska, and report in per
son to the commanding officer of the.
Twenty-second United States Infantry for
duty, to accompany that regiment to
Manila.
Pensions for Californians: Original—
Watson Boyles, National Military Home
Los Ang<-les, $8; Thomas Wallace, Elk'
$6; Thomas M. Thompson. Lake Greeno'
$6. Reissue— Rodney L. Herrick. Ventura'
$10. Original widows, etc., reissue-« Alice
Brickford, Santa Cruz.
Oregon: Original— McDonald Pardue
Prospect, $6; James M. Beaston. Spring
field, $8.
Washington: Increase— Fr« •">■»» A
Hoac-Umd. Fairfield. $8 to Slf
PATRIARCH OF THE
SENATE IS DEAD
Senator Morrill Succumbs to Pneu=
monia, Brought On by an
Attack of Grip.
•SENATOR JUSTIN S. MORRILL
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.— Hon. Justin S. Morrffl, the senior United
States Senator from Vermont, died at twenty minutes past 1
o'clock this morning, in the S9th year of his age, after an illness
Of less than a week. With him when the end came were his sister-
in-law. Mis? Louise Swan; his son James, Mr. Benjamin Durfee, for
a long time associated with the Senator in Finance Committee work, at the
capital, and Colonel S. E. Chamberlain, an intimate friend.
Senator Proctor was in the h'ruse at the time, as were also several
other friends. The Senator never recovered from the unconscious state into
which he lapsed early in the day and his death was calm and peaceful. The
immediate cause of death was pneumonia, which developed from an attack
of grip contracted about a week ago. The venerable Senator was confined to
his home but seven days v Despite his advanced age, he attended his Sena
torial duties faithfully and regularly went to the Capitol.
About ten days ago the weather here was cold, raw and foggy, and his
physician thinks that exposure to its rigors brought o-n an attack of grip.
The day before Congress adjourned for the Christmas holidays the Senator
was unable to leave his residence. He grew no better as the days went on,
his low vitality, duo to advancing age, being unable to resist *the disease.
On Christmas night it developed into pneumonia and from that time until
the end he sank steadily.
No definite funeral arrangements have yet been made, but it is alto.
gether likely that public services will be held in the Senate chamber.
In the death of Senator Morrill the Senate lost its senior member in
point of service and its oldest in age. He had served continuously in the
Senate for more than thirty-one years, and he was 88 years of age on the
14th of April last. With the single exception of Hon. Galusha Grow of
the House of Representatives, he was the only man in Congress whose Con
gressional career began prior, to the beginning of the Civil War, and he had
the honor over Mr. Grow in tnat his Congressional service had been con
tinuous, covering in the Senate and House combined almost forty-four
years.
Senator Morrill was born in Strafford, Vt., April 14, 1810, and in early life
was a merchant, later an agriculturist. He was elected to the House of
Representatives in the Thirty-fourth Congress, and for four succeeding
terms. Then he was transferred to the Senate as a Union Republican,
taking his seat March 4, 1567. Since that time his service has been con
tinuous, and he has the record of the longest unbroken terms in the his
tory of the Senate. He has taken an important part in the legislation of
the last thirty years, especially on commercial and financial questions, his
position as chairman of the Finance Committee giving him a leading part
in all measures relating to the tariff, banking or currency. '
EVIDENCE OF MURDER FOUND IN EMBERS
(~> POKANE. Dec. 27.— There is now scarcely a doubt that _the charred
bodies found in the embers of a burned cabin near Spokane" on Saturday
morning were the remains rff "Jack" David and William Banks, and that
they were murdered by Archio Carl and Oscar King. At the inquest to-day
the physician employed to analyze the blood found in the snow in front
of the cabin testified that it was human blood. Edward Goffnet, who
delivered a bill of groceries at the cabin Friday evening at 8 o'clock, testified
that all four men were there and came c.-ut to meet him. This proves that
David and Banks, who were in the city on Friday afternoon, returned to the
cabin. The officials have no trace of Carl and King, the men supposed to
have r-ommitted the crime. They had ;i large supply of provisions, and it
is thought they carried these into- the hill and are in hiding.
JOE GANS GETS THE
DECISION ON POINTS
His Bout With "Jack" Daly of Wil
mington Goes to the
Limit.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— Joe Gans of
Baltimore outpointed "Jack" Daly of
Wilmington, Del., in a 25-round bout at
135 pounds before the Lenox Athletic Club
to-night, and the referee decided in favor
of the Baltimorean.
The referee's decision did not suit many
of those who witnessed the contest, but
conservative judges agreed that the
colored boy was entitled to a favorable
decision. Gans forced Daly to do the
leading, and throughout the fight he
countered hard. He was always on the
alert for a chance to knock out his op
ponent, but the opportunity did not pre
sent itself. Gans was a topheavy favorite
in the betting, but Daly's showing was
a big surpriso to many of those who
thought that the colored man would have
an easy mark in the Delaware boxer. In
a preliminary bout Jim Janey (colored) of
Baltimore defeated Dan Sullivan of Bos
ton in four rounds easily.
JUDGE VAN DYKE HONORED.
Flattering Resolutions Adopted by
the Los Angeles Bar.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 27.— Judge Walter
Van Dyke officially closed his career as
Superior Judge to-day. The Bar Asso
ciation, in commemoration of the event,
adopted a series of eulogistic resolution*.
The signers of the resolutions were Su
perior Judges Allen, Clark and Shaw, and
Alexander Campbell. B. \Y. Lee, J. D.
Works, former Supreme Justice, and John
S. Ohapman. 'Judge Van Dyke has for
warded his resignation to Sacramento.
D. K. Trask, the well-known attorney
of this city, will succeed Judge Van Dyke
on the Simerior bench.
ADVERTISEMENTS. *
0000000000000000000000000000000000000
I DON'T BE A WEAK MAN ! I
o . — o
o y^SSK (JT\ Don't give up because ®
1 ° fifia^i drugs have failed to help o
o HiP *v »v\ you re^ a * n y° ur natural o
° triad* I\\ $ l*\ vigor. There are thousands 2
o mKyr^ Nd^^w 1 1 of men who have been o
§ l^^Mff "Electricity Is Life." ]
i q the lost energy, make the 2
o nerves strong and remove all aches and pain?. Try o
© it. Ask for Dr. Sanden's book, "Three Classes of '©.
° Men," free, with full information. _ ' g"
DR. A. X. SANDEN, *— — — — -f ©
O 7C2 Market Street, C«rn.r K.arny. San Fruoim. (JOT IN DRUG STORES. °
© . Office hours, Ba. m. to 8 p.m.: Sundays, 10 ' © :
O to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 232 West ' Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt ft
Second street; Portland, ■ Or., : 238 Washington" 'Is never sold In dru«t stores -
*J street; Denver, Colo., ' 931 Sixteenth street; . nor by traveling agents; only O
, ft . Dallas. . Tex., 285 Main street; Butte. Mont. at our office. riA ;
v 110 North Main street.. , M : : A V
O W Q
OO o 00.0 oo o o o 000000 oooq
EAGAN HOT ON
MILES' TRAIL
Demands to Be Heard
on Meat Question.
WILL MAKE FLAT DENIALS
INVITES TRIAL IN MILITARY
OR CIVIL TRIBUNAL.
General Commanding the Army
Likely in Any Event to Be
Severely Disci
plined
NEW YORK. Dec. 27.— The Washlngw
ton correspondent of the Herald sends
the following: Commissary General
Eagan will be permitted to reappear
before the War Investigation Commis
sion in refutation under oath of the al
legations made by General Mile 1 ? *hat
much illness in the army during the
war with Spain was due to chemically
bad refrigerated beef served as part ->f
the rations. His letter demanding this
privilege immediately after General
Miles gave his unsworn testimony and
following the undenied interview with
him while in Cincinnati for the alleged
purpose of investigating the beef mat
ter is now before the commission. The
holiday recess interfered with action
upon it, but it is expected that a quo
rum will be present to-morrow.
General Eagan's letter will be the first
subject taken up in executive or board
meeting. In view of the publicity
given the subject by General Miles, the
commission will not refuse General
Eagan's request to be heard in direct
contradiction to the general command
ing the army.
General Eagan will deny point blank,
squarely and without evasion every im
portant statement by General Miles.
He will swear that the sending of that
beef to Cuba and Porto Rico was not
an experiment; that it had long before
been used in the army without causing
complaints; that the alleged chemicals
used in refrigerating it were not inju
rious; that neither he nor the Secre
tary of War was ever informed ny Gen
eral "Miles that the meat was bad, an!
that the contract was for value re
ceived and contained no suspician o*
jobbery on the part of any one.
In this way direct issue will be taken,
but the war commission can only print
the differing: evidence and recommend in
its report a thorough sifting of the sub
ject by Presidential command. General
Eagan invites trial of his action in a
military or civil tribunal, and evidently
is anxious for it.
It is probable that the War Department
will let the matter drop, unless General
Miles' independent investigation in pro
gress discloses, when he is ready to spring
his mine, unsavory and disquieting state
ments, if not truths, from persons assert
ine the possession of information.
In any event the war commission will
hold General Miles guilty of failing, as he
has admitted, to direct the attention if
the Secretary of War to the alleged had
beef when he was In Porto Rico and to
the reports which he declares he received
from officers and others protesting:
against the use of it.
As contractors for the beef the Swift
Company, packers of Ohicaco. also to-day
telegraphed to the commission denying
each and all of General Miles' assertions
and asking for a chance to be heard.
This, too, will be granted.
KILLED BY A CHARGE
FROM HIS OWN GUN
Attorney E. K. Blades of Los Angelea
the Victim of a Hunting
Accident.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 27.— E. K. Blades,
one of the best known members of the
legal profession in this city and a noted
expert marksman, was accidentally shot
yesterday afternoon and died of his in
juries at midnight.
Mr. Blades left this city on Sunday
evening for a duck hunt at Alamitos Bay-,
near Long Beach. He had passed most
of the day on the bay hunting from a
boat, with his dog as his only companion.
He reached the shore about 2:30 p. m. and
was in the act of pulling his boat out of
the water. The dog was leaping about
in the boat anxious to reach the shore,
when one of his paws struck the trigger
of Mr. Blades' shotgun. The weapon was
discharged, the full charge striking the
unfortunate hunter in the left thigh, shat
tering the bone terribly. He was removed
to Long Beach, where he received medical
treatment, but he died at midnight. He
was 35 years of age.
Claim Against Yolo County.
WOODLAND. Dec. 27.— The legal firm of
Douglas & Pyburn has presented a claim
against Yolo County for $R741 12. being 25
per cent commission for the collection of
$26,964 49 for Yolo County from the State
for the care of aged indigents. County
Treasurer Wood has already received the
sum of $476S 25 on account of this collec
tion and Controller Colgan has instructed
him to withhold the remainder of the
amount from the money due the State
from Yolo County at the next settlement.
The claim is presented in accordance with
the contract entered into by the Board of
Supervisors and the attorneys.
Charge of Shot Ends His Life.
BIGGS. Dec. 27.— John Keys committed
suicide at the ranch of Mrs. James Bay
non, west of Biggs, this morning. He
placed his gun in such a position as to
Mow the top of his head off. The suicide
was about 35 years old.
34
LEGISLATION
TO COMPEL
EXECUTIONS
Nearly Three Score Kansas
Convicts Will Be
Affected.
Public Sentiment Widely Aroused
Over the Recent Collins
Murder.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— A Topeka
(Kans.) special to the Herald says: A
bill will be introduced in th? Legisla
ture to-morrow morning by Represent
ative 1. N. dry of Bourbon County,
making capital punishment compulsory
in all cases of conviction of mur'lc" in
the first degree and fixing a penalty of
severe penitentiary sentence for any
Governor who fails or refuses tc sign
the death warrant.
The > > i 1 1 contains a section manda
torily directing the Governor to sign
the death warrants and order che c-xe
cution of fifty-nine convicts now t. in
ft'ned in the Kansas penitentiary under
the death sentence, but who have not
been executed, because the law now
leaves it optional with the Governor.
When shown the bill to-night, Govtr
nor Leedy declared he would sign it in
the event of its passage. The bill
would not become a law until published
in the official State paper. Thi duty
of ordering the execution of fifty-nine
convicts would therefore devolve upon
W. E. Stanley, the incoming Governor.
who will be inaugurated January ;i.
The preparation of the bill is the re
sult of aroused public sentiment over
the cold-blooded murder a few mon'.hs
ago of J. S. Collins, a prominent To
peka capitalist, and the subsequent
conviction of his son, John Collins, a
young divinity student here, of the
charge of having committeed the mui
der. The public declaration last night
of both Governor Leedy and Governor
elect Stanley that they would not sign
young Collins' death warrant had the
effect of starting a movement among
the legislators now assembled in special
CHINESE PUZZLE
FOR HAWAIIANS
Conflict Between Old
and New Laws.
CAN THE COOLIES RETURN?
QUESTION TO BE SUBMITTED TO
WASHINGTON.
Dole Has Postponed His Visit to
This Country — He Intimates
That He Is Not Wire-
Pulling.
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, Dec. 19.— Are we in a
state of peaceful rebellion against the
United States or not? That is the ques
tion that many minds are pondering.
The Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
of Hawaii declines to recognize the
power of Treasury Agent Brown to
prevent Chinese landing who are in
possession of valid permits to re-enter
issued by the Hawaiian Government
under the statutes of its Legislature
passed prior to the passage of the New
lands resolution and. annexation by
consent, while Agent Brown practically
< 'intends that the instructions issued to
him by the Treasury Department of the
United States, backed up as they are
by the opinions of the United States
law department, are paramount to the
Jurisdiction Of the Hawaiian courts in
the construction of the paragraph in
the Newlands resolution referring to
Chinese immigration.
The Chief Justice holds that this act
of Congress is not retrospective, and
does not invalidate the buna fide per
mits issued by the Hawaiian Govern
ment prior to annexation, while he ac
knowledges that, from the date of ab-
Borption, all Hawaiian laws relating to
Chinese immigration have been re
peaied by it.
Mr. Brown and our Attorney General,
his counsel, hold to the contrary— that
th<> resolution of annexation not only
is the law of this land, but it also abro
gated all privileges under former Ha
waiian restriction of Chinese immigra
tion acts, and that no Chinese can land
in the United States Territory of Ha
waii except in strict compliance with
the United States laws, hardship or no
hardship, notice or no notice.
It has hen even intimated that, al
though the nine Chinese released under
habeas corpus have been landed on
American noil by the laws of Hawaii,
now repealed, the*- can be expelled
from United States territory by the
United States' laws and forces, hut it
is held that the Hawaiian officials can
not be called upon to enforce this rul
ing or to assist in its enforcement, as
Pears'
No other soap in
the world is used so
much ; or so little of
it goes so far.
! session here to change the present law
and make capital punishment
sory in cases of murder in the first de
gree.
Th» bill, which will be introduced in
the Legislature to-morrow, has prac
tically no opposition, taken as a whole.
Some members have expressed their op
position to the section of the bill call
ing for the immediate execution of the
' death sentence of the convicts now in
[ the penitentiary. The general impres
sion, however, is the bill will pass the
j Legislature as it now stands.
Among the death sentence convicts
in the Kansas Penitentiary is Emmet
Dalton, the sole survivor of the notori
ous Dalton gang, whose daring train
robberies a few years ago startled the
civilized world and whose depredations
were generally attended with a shock
ing loss of life. About three years ago
the Dalton gang descended upon the
j city of Coffeyville and attempted to
j rob the banks of the city in broad day
light. The citizens were terrorized with
the exception of John Kohler, a plains
i man and sharpshooter, who stood
I across the street with a Winchester
I rifle and killed four members of the
I gang and wounded Emmet Dalton. Al
though severely wounded Emmet killed
I several men before he was finally over
j powered and captured.
Another death sentence convict is
Mrs. Nancy Staffiebach, who was con
! victed of chopping a miner at Galena
j to pieces, but who is supposed to hay*
i also killed over a score of persons,
throwing their bodies in an abandoned
coal mine near her home.
Among these convicts in the Kansas
Penitentiary are also many of the most
notorious criminals in the country, the
recital of whose crimes would read like
chapters from yellow-back fiction.
until the United States has taken
charge of our customs department
Honolulu is a foreign port.
The decision in question affects, as
nearly as can be ascertained, about 600
Chinese holding permits of different
classes, and as Mr. Brown has decided
to test every case on its merits before
the Supreme Court in bank the court
will be .kept busy for the next few
weeks until definite instructions are re
ceived from Washington as to the will
of the supreme national government in
the matter.
In the meantime the press and people
indorse the decision of Chief Justice
Judd for its spirit of equity and fair
play, while the lawyers differ as to its
soundness in law.
) This morning, the opening day of the
I December term, three more writs of
j habeas corpus involving: the landing of j
j twenty-eight Chine?" were made re- i
turnable on Wednesday next before the :
full court. ©wing to the absence of j
Associate Justice Frear in Washing- i
I ton, D. C, as Commissioner. Circuit
I Judge Perry will sit with the Chief Jus
| tice and Associate Justice Whiting in '
I bank. Prior to appointing the date for ;
j hfaring an argument was had as to
the right of the Chief Justice to sit, as
under the Hawaiian constitution he |
cannot sit on an appeal from a case '
which he himself has tried. The Jus- ;
tices held that these cases, being dif- j
ferent cases from the prior writ, did
not disqualify him.
President Dole informs me that he ■
j has decided to defer his projected visit
! to Washington until he again hears i
i from Senator Cullom whether he is re
; quired. He is not disposed to make
the journey at all unless it is shown I
: to be necessary. In regard to his "can- !
didacy" for the first Governorship of \
our Territory his views are contained
in the following paragraph dictated and j
| approved by him:
"I do not consider that the matter '■
lof the Governorship is similar to a j
question of the election of an official
by voters, and although it is proper for
people who are interested in good gov- j
ernment to express themselves as to
; the personnel of the office — as suggos
j tlons to. the appointing power— it would
be out of place for me to nominate my
self for the position and work for my
I appointment. The appointing power
alone is responsible."
And with this statement Mr. Dole
I contents himself and wards off further
j discussion with a smile.
The ill fated City of Columbia has
reached our port from Hilo in safety
and is now leaking at the rate of 24
inches In twenty-four hours. She was
| no sooner tied up than the lawyers
, plastered her up with more libels ag
, gregatlng nearly $20,000, half of which
! is for seamen's wages, a matter now
! being investigated by the courts.
The fate of the vessel has not yet
I been decided upon, but she will prob
• ably be patched up sufficiently to take
the voyage to the coast when she gets
1 clear of the shoals of litigation.
The Government has granted to the
i new Hritish-American line the same
; privileges as those accorded to other
j liners in exchange for carrying the
j mails, except that there is no special
j coal storage site allotted to them,- as
! there is none to spare.
The lack of wharfage accommodation
' for the increased commerce is pressing
| very prejudicially upon Hawaiian ship
| ping interests. Conferences between
j committees of the Chamber. of Com
! merce and the Government result In no
! practicable action. The matter will
; probably drift until the intentions and
wishes of the homo Government are
known, for the matter of wharfage be
, tween the Government and the railroad
\ company is in litigation before the Ru
| preme Court and a standstill is created
thereby. The pressure upon wharf
space is felt more now than hitherto
to n great extent through the extra
number of coal bearing vessels dis
charging here for the United States
Government stores.
After having caused a ■ very large
number of milch klne to be slaughtered
on account of tuberculosis during the
past two years, the Government has at
length ordered the inspection of neat
cattle imported from the coast.
Within the. past two weeks the Jap
anese have increased their criminal
record here by two homicides, with in
dications that they were foul murders
and with a suicide; and at Koloa plan
tation, they broke out in a riotous strike
and- fought with the police, but were
overpowered and compelled to go to
work again.
As Chief .TT7stfr* e .Tudd has now round
ed off his twenty-five years of service
on the Supreme Court bench the mem
THE RAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1898.
CALIFORNIA PRIVATE
SHOT BY A NEGRO
STARR DARE.
HUNTSVILLE, Ala., Dec. 27.— Private David Dare, Company E,
First United States Infantry, lies in a precarious condition at the
general hospital at Camp Forse, as a result of a wound received on
Christmas night. Dare was shot by a negro. One of his frienda and
a negro were engaged in a fight. As he walked toward them some
one apart from the combatants fired upon him. the bullet entering
his stomach. Will Griggsby and Mack Lightfoot have been ar
rested.
Three eye-witnesses who saw the shooting testified in court to-day
that Lightfoot is the man who shot Dare and that he did it in cold
blood. Dare is expected to die. He is a volunteer, is known at his
home in San Francisco as Starr Dare and is said to be the son of a
wealthy Californian.
Starr Dare, unknown to his parents, joined the First California
Infantry, United States Army, on April 19, 1898, and was assigned
to Company E of that regiment. He was sent with his comrades to
Tampa, Fla.. and. assigned to General Lawton's command. Onboard
the Unitod States steamer Gussie the brave young recruit had his
baptism of fire in the first fight with the Spanish on the northern
coast of Cuba, where they landed and engaged the enemy. He took
part in the fighting at Santiago de Cuba also and bore himself with
honor — a worthy son of California.
bers of the bar are to dine him on Jan
uary 7.
The University of California boys will
be proud to learn that their football
victory over Stanford was duly cele
brated on Saturday by a banquet of her
former students, who have formed a
permanent organization with Hon. A.
V. Gear, '87, as president and C. A.
Elston, '97, as treasurer.
The China arrived yesterday after a
splendid run of less than ten days from
Yokohama. She brought sixty-two more
Chinese, who will have to run the
habeas corpus gauntlet in all probabil
ity.
The health of the soldiers in the hos
pital is improving. Two other deaths
must, however, be added to the long
roll:
Fred D. James, aged 22, Company X,
Eighteenth Infantry, December 10.
Clyde Minnis, aged 22, Twenty-third
United States Infantry, discharged
from Manila and landed from United
States troopship Scandia, December 11.
COMMISSIONER FROM
HAWAII TERRITORY
HONOLULU, Dec. 20.— The Chamber
of Commerce at its meeting to-day in
dorsed the appointment of W. A. Kin
ney to represent the commercial and
mercantile interests of the Islands. Mr.
Kinney goes East, not as the represen
tative of the planting interests alone,
but of the whole commercial interests
of the group. It is felt by ail mer
chants that there should be a represen
tative man in Washington who knows
the islands thoroughly, is a son of the
soil and can be ready to answer ques
tions upon any subject connected with
the islands.
PETRIFIED CORPSE IN
SAN RAFAEL CEMETERY
Easily Identified as That of Richard
Snowden, Who Committed
Suicide Years Ago.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 27.— 1n removing
the remains of deceased persons from ihe
old cemetery on E street, between Third
;u:<! Fourth, to-day, a force of workmen
employed by Coroner Eden accidentally
Struck their picks Into a coffin and sur
mised from the sound that they had
struck a large piece of rock. On removing
the lid they were astonished to find a
body, of whicX the head, trunk and one
arm wore perfectly petrified while the
other arm and the legs had crumbled
away.
The remains were those of Richnrd
Snowden, who committed suicide at San
Quentin in 1866. He was an undo <>f Sir
(hurl^s Fairfax, after whom Fairfax
Station was named, anil was 50 years old
at the tlmo of his death. Strange .is was
the manner of the petrifaction the ft-a
tnr.s were so well preserved that recog
nition of the body was an easy matter.
DEWEY NOW SENIOR
OFFICER IN THE NAVY
Will Go Upon the Retired List a Year
Hence Unless Ex
empted.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 27. — Admiral
! Dewey is now the senior officer of the
American navy, bavlhg reached that
position without Congressional action
through the retirement Sunday last of
Admiral Bunce. Ho will continue tc hold
that distinction until December 26 next
year, when he will go upon the retired
list unless Congress excepts him from
the operation of the law, and after mak
ing him admiral of the navy, provides
that he may hold that office in active ser
vice without nge limit.
NEW YORK. Dec. 27.— 1t was said at
the navy yard to-day that Commodore
Pnilip will succeed Rear Admiral Bunce,
retired, as commandant of the Brooklyn
navy yard on January 15.
DYNAMITED A "JOINT."
Novel Methods of Kansans in Enforc
ing a Law.
ABTLENE, Kans., Dec. 27.— Citizens of
Woodbine blew up with dynamite a build
ins in which a "Joint" had been started a
week ago. Everything in the building
was destroyed, timber being thrown for
rods, and the adjoining stores were also
somewhat injured. No one was hurt. The
"jointists" had been ordered to leave, but
refused to do so. A "joint" in Kansas is
an illegal saloon.
MILLER RETURNS
TO STAND TRIAL
Surrenders to Police of
Stockton.
DISAPPEARED MONTHS AGO
ACCUSED OF HAVING SWIN
DLED BUSINESS MEN.
Comes Back From Chicago and Is
Arrested on a Warrant Sworn
Out After His
Flight.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Dec. 27.— David Miller, a
successful dealer in beans and grain on
the levee of Stockton, arrived to-night
from Chicago and gave himself up to
Sheriff Cunningham. He is in jail, but
seems .to make light of the charge
against him of obtaining goods by false
pretenses, and appears to think the af
fair will be easily straightened out. He
had been missing since the first day of
last June, but says he would have re
turned earlier if he had had money to
come back on.
Miller is believed to have left here
with $10,000 or $12,000, made in his pecu
liar dealings with people here and else
where. He caught a number of men in
San Francisco as well, and his personal
effects left were sold out a short time
ago on an execution issued on a judg
ment obtained by a San Francisco com
mission firm. The warrant of arrest was
issued on the complaint of the cashier
of the Navigation and Improvement
Company, who charged Miller with
having got away with a lot of beans
belonging to the steamboat company,
which he bought on a worthless check
in the amount of $4200. It is charged
that Miller bought the company's
beans, and, presenting the check
on a bank where he had no
money, was given a warehouse re
ceipt, which he hypothecated at the
bank. There were other similar
transactions, and when he fled he was
missed by a dozen or more sharp busi
ness men, who were ashamed to tell of
their losses, but the story got out.
Miller says he went to Portland from
here, and then to Chicago, where he has
been since June last. He cut quite a
dash here for a time, and seemed to
have unlimited credit. It was remarked
when he left that he had taken in some
of the shrewdest business men in the
city. He is credited with having crip
pled I. S. Bostwick when tho latter was
considered a wealthy man. by inducing
him to engage in coal mining and in the
retail business in San Francisco. Mil
ler has lived here off and on for many
years.
HONORS FOR OUR WARSHIPS.
Gold Plates Presented to the Oregon
and lowa at Callao.
NEW YORK, Dee. 27.— The Herald's
correspondent at Callao telegraphs that
the arrival of the United States battle
ships Oregon and lowa at that port has
caused the greatest excitement and en
thusiasm. They entered the harbor at 7
o'clock in the morning, and great crowds
went out to see them during the day
Delegations representing the Cuban resi
dents of Peru went to Callao to meet the
warships. They presented to each a gold
plate. With the name changed, each bore
the inscription:
"AW honor to the commander, the offi
cers and the crew of the United States
warship Oregon, victorious in the naval
combat off Santiago de Cuba on the 3d
day of July, 1898. This plate is given as a
testimonial of the patriotic gratitude of
all Cuban citizens in Peru."
PRAYER INVOKED
TO HEAL THEM
Omaha Judge ar)d ¥\\s fon)i\y
Sacrifice to Tfyeir Belief in
the paith Cure.
OMAHA, Neb., Dec. 27.— The faith of the family of Judge J. W. Eller
of Omaha in Christian Science is being thoroughly tested. Mrs. Eller
gave up her life to-day for the faith. Her husband cannot live and two
other members of the family are suffering from frightful burns.
The -whole family are Christian Scientists, and when a gasoline
stove exploded last night and burned four members terribly no medical
aid was called, but a couple of the most expert Christian Science heal
ers were hurriedly sent for and prayed for the family at length. While
this treatment was being administered and the suffering victims were
being told they were not in pain, flesh was dropping from their bodies.
Mrs. Eller died to-day, but this did not cause the other sufferers to
change physicians. They asserted with the healers that if they could
not be saved through the efficacy of prayer it was not worth while to
call physicians.
Judge Eller is a well-known lawyer, having served a term on the
county bench. One of the healers who has been industriously "heal
ing" the Eller family with prayer is J. R. Clarkson, one of the most
prominent lawyers of the city and. an ex-member of the district bench.
He gave up the law to become a Christian Science healer, declaring he
had received proof of his ability to heal with prayer.
Mrs. Eller lingered twenty hours after having been burned, being
during that time in the most frightful agony. If Judge Eller dies the
citizens may take the matter in hand and invoke the law to compel
the employment of physicians.
CRAWFORD PLAN OF NOMINATING IS VALID.
SUISUN, Dec. 27.— The case of Powers vs. Hitchcock came up for a
hearing on a demurrer in the Superior Court at Fairfield to-day. Judge
Johnson of Sacramento presiding. Hitchcock was elected Justice of the
Peace of Suisun Township at the last election by a good majority and the
certificate of election was issued to him. He was nominated on the Craw
ford plan, by the Republicans of the township. Afterward the county con
vention ratified his nomination and his name was placed on the ticket as the
regular Republican nominee. Powers was nominated by petition, but was
badly beaten at the polls. Powers claims that Hitchcock's nomination was
not regular and that all votes cast for him were illegally cast, and that
he (Powers) ought to have received the certificate. Hence he asks that the
court enjoin Hitchcock from using his certificate or attempting to act as
Justice. O. R. Coghlan, Hitchcock's attorney, demurred to the complaint
on the ground that it did not state a cause of action, arguing that Pow
ers had mistaken his remedy, if he had any, and that the time for ob
jecting to the nomination had passed, and Powers, having slept on his
rights, was now estopped, after the people had signified their choice, from
Baying Hitchcock was not properly nominated. The court sustained the de
murrer. The case excited some interest for the reason that all the newly
elected Justices and Constables were nominated in the same way as Hitch
cock was.
STEAMSHIP LAKME DOOMED TO DESTRUCTION.
ASTORIA, Or., Dec. 27.— The steamer Lakme, which arrived in port from
Puget Sound yesterday morning with her cargo of lime on fire, was
beached to-day. The deck load of lumber was removed, and an exami
nation of the vessel made. It was found that many barrels of lime in the
forward hold were burning fiercely, and it was impossible to remove any
of the cargo. The tugs Rescue and Escort and a city fire engine worked all
afternoon pumping water into the Lakrne's hold. Despite the water pumped
in by the tugs and engine there was no abatement of the fire, and it is the
general belief that the steamer will burn to the water's edge. Another
danger which now threatens the total destruction of the steamer Is that the
lime will swell and burst her open. The lower hold of the Lakme is filled
with lumber and strenuous efforts are being made to subdue the fire before
it reaches this portion of her cargo. The Lakme is a wooden vessel and was
used as a transport last August in conveying the United States Engineer
Corps from San Francisco to Honolulu. She is owned in San Francisco.
THRUSTS HIS HEAD INTO A COOK STOVE.
CHICAGO, Dec. 27.— Louis Slick, aged 68, a harness maker, despondent
because out of work, committed suicide this afternoon by taking
the lid off a cook stove and holding his head against the red-hot
coals till he fell to the floor unconscious. He was so horribly burned
that the flesh fell off his head and face, exposing the skull and jaws, and
presenting a ghastly sight. In spite of the fearful nature of the burns
his pulse continued to beat for eight hours. Physicians who were called
attempted to restore him to life, but could not. They believed that,
though the pulse beat, the man suffered no pain, the brain undoubtedly
having been thoroughly deadened by the intense heat to which it had been
subjected while his head was in the stove.
SAD HOME-COMING FOR CHRISTMAS.
WATERTOWN, N. V., Dec. 27.— A special to the Standard from
Alexandria Bay says: Yesterday three of the children of Charlea
Hagerman were playing on the ice off the north shore of Wells
Island in the St. Lawrence River, when the ice broke and they all fell in
and were drowned.
Mrs. Hagerman rushed to the scene and in her endeavors to rescue the
children broke through the Iceland she, too, was drowned.
Mr. Hagerman, who had been in Canada, arrived home an hour after
the drowning to take Christmas dinner with his family. Arriving home he
went to the river and alone recovered the four bodies.
ERNE AND HAWKINS AGREE UPON TERMS.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— Frank Erne and Dal Hawkins have agreed on
the ! erms for their coming battle. They are to box twenty-five rounds
in San Francisco the last week in February at 135 pounds, weighing
in at 6 o'clock, before the club offering the largest purse, and a stake of $2000
a side.
ARCHBISHOP IRELAND'S
NAME NOT MENTIONED
No Determination Reached as to
Representatives to the Disarma
ment Conference of the Czar.
: :\V YORK, Dec. 27.— The Washington
correspondent of the Herald telegraphs
as fellows: I was assured by a high offi
cial of the administration to-day that
there was absolutely no foundation for
the report that President McKinley ha.s
decided to appoint Archbishop Ireland as
representative of the United States Gov
ernment at the proposed disarmament
conference called by the Czar of Russia.
The President discussed this matter at
a recent Cabinet meeting, but no namfs
were mentioned in connection with the
possible representatives from this coun
try, and according to information which
Secretary Hay was able to furnish the
Cabinet it seemed to be by no means cer
taln that the proposed conference would
actually take place. Notwithstanding ca
ble dispatches from St. Petersburg stat
ing that the conference would certainly
be held in that city in March next the
authorities here are rather skeptical.
both as to the probability of the confer
ence and as to the outcome in case it is
held, They decline, however, to express
any definite opinion until the arrival next
month of Embassador Hitchcock, when
they expect to have reliable information
on the subject.
At the Cabinet discussion referred to
the conclusion was reached to have one
or more American representatives partic
ipate in the conference in case it was
held.
PECK SUITS DISMISSED.
Involved Thousands of Acres of
Santa Cruz County Land.
SANTA CRT"/, Dec. 27.— Judge Dooling
to-day dismissed the Peck suits. Plaintiff
brought suit against about 800 defendants
to recover possession of land valued at
several millions, and which is covered by
villages, hamlets, farms, BCboola and
churches. The plaintiff claimed that her
grandmother, Mrs. Martina < 'astro De
peaux, who owned miuh land in the early
days was of unsound mind when she
conveyed the lands sh<- sought to recover.
Judge Dooling's decision ends the case.
The plaintiff brought suit as special ad
ministratrix of the Depeaux estate. Sub
sequently her letters were revoked. Then
she sought appointment as administratrix,
but it was proved the deceased had not
left any estate to be administered, so the
petition was denied. It .was while she
was special administratrix that the suits
were brought.
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
A POPOUR MISTAKE
Regarding Remedies for Dyspep-
sia and Indigestion.
The national disease of Americans is
indigestion or in its chronic form, dys-
pepsia, and for the very reason that it
is so common many people neglect tak-
ing proper treatment for what they
consider trifling stomach trouble, when
as a matter of fact, indigestion lays the
foundation for many incurable dis-
eases. No person with a vigorous,
healthy stomach will fall a victim to
consumption. Many kidney diseases
and heart troubles date their beginning
from poor digestion; thin, nervous peo-
ple are really so because their stom-
achs are out of gear; weary, languid,
faded out women owe their condition
to imperfect digestion.
When nearly every person you meet
is afflicted with weak digestion it is not
surprising that nearly every secret pat-
ent medicine on the market claims to
.be a cure for dyspepsia, as well as a
score of other troubles, when in fact as
Dr. Werthier says, there is but 'one
genuine dyspepsia cure which is per-
fectly safe and reliable, and moreover,
this remedy is not a patent medicine,'
but it is a scientific combination of pure
pepsin (free from animal matter), vege-
table essences, fruit salts and bismuth,
it is cold by druggists under name of
Stuart's Dyspppsia Tablets. No extrav-
agant claims are made for them, but for
indigestion or any stomach trouble,
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are far
ahead of* any remedy yet discovered.
They act on the food eaten, no dieting
is necessary, simply eat all the whole-
some food you want and these tablets
will digest it. A cure results, because
all the stomach needs is a rest, which
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets give by do-
ing the work of digestion.
Druggists sell these tablets at 50 cents
per package. Circulars and testi-
monials sent free by addressing F. A.
Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich. j
* HUDYAN * filial
| CURES. $ Jl jj« YOU?
•ft********** ITiUU lull.
************ «...
{ Consult Had- 1 ft lld I
* son Doctors % a.. w
L&Jlh You?
************ nho lUU i
ARE YOU TROUBLED WITH PAINS IN
the small of the back? Are you troubled
with pains on each side of backbone to lower
mints of shoulder blade? Are you troubled with
pains in head? Left side or right aide? Do
you have shooting pains? .':;,-
Have you dizziness in the head? Dark flecki
appearing before your gaze? Palpitation of
heart? If you stoop over what do you notice?
Have you a curious weak feeling? Have you
traces on the stomach? Does the head swimf
Can you rest well at night? Do you wish ta
be cured?
DO YOU WISH TO BE CURED ?
!D0 YOU WISH TO BE CURED ?
DO YOU WISH TO BE CURED?
DO YOU WISH TO BE CURED
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
If you wish to be cured you should learn
about the great Hudyan. Hudyan is a remed*
treatment for men. Hudyan cures diseases and
disabilities of men. Hudyan cures Nervous
"Weakness, Nervous Debility, Nervous Exhaus-
tion.
Circulars Free I
No one has Hudyan but the Hudson doctor*
BLOOD POISON.
BLOOD POISON.
. If In the first, secondary ' or tertiary statav
you should use the 30-DAY CURE. : ••■ ::
"Write for 80-day Cure Circulars or .
! CONSULT THE HUDSON DOCTORS FREE.
Hudson Medical Institute,
Junction Stockton. Market anil Ellis sts.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAU
Cf\ CANCER
£ ' l^3«£ Jf and TIIHOBJOSPITAL
\\ JilliPi^^ No KNIFE or PAIN
: JIM JgH I^T" No Pay IJntil Cnred
jr ggc ■?"% Any lump in awo
LgMri> loan's breast is can-
I cer. The poison
quietly goes to arm-
.Jwa s»s^^^ ate * Men's face and
J&^^Sk ■■^^s^Vf Men's face and
H^rtr^^Rl M JI^P a common place.
'-^^X 80-Page Book sent
''Kiw'vm^r \iisp free with hundreds of
addresses of honest scares. No Fraud; ■
8. R. CHAMLEY, M. 0., 23 & 25 Third St , n'r Market St.
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Scottish Union aid National
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH, SCOTLAND, ON THE
31st day of December, A D. 1597, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to tha
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner. •
ASSETS. - •-
Real estate owned by company $101,587 98
Loans on bonds and mortgagee... ,.. 1,482,680 99
Cash market value of all stocks and '
bonds owned by company .-.;.... 1,730,375 61
Amount of loans secured by pledge ■■ ;
of bonds, stocks and other market- - • •
able securities as collateral . 2,800 00
Cash In company's office 1,366 84
Cash in banks 424,563 57
Interest due and accrued on all -••
stocks. and loans ■ 15, 740 69
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages........ :........■ 23,133 83
Premiums In due course of collection 271.237 93
Total assets $4,056,487 48
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted anj unpaid $38,884 23
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense 229.332 4S
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 17,641 67
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,501,671 86;
reinsurance 50 per cent 900,815 93
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,755,-
420 08; reinsurance pro rata 938,233 21
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become dve — , J5.485 68
Total liabilities .$2,148,363 23
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums $2,854,554 84)
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages 76,714 84
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 67,493 84
Received for rents 5,053 00
Total income $2,493,816 54
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses (in-
cluding $291,545 03, losses of pre-
vious years) . $1,841,888 8S
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 611.087 9»
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 107,198 I>
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 67.792 33
All other payments and expendi-
tures 151.042 85
Total expenditures $2.04?,510 27
Flre.
Losses Incurred during the year $1,197,946 95
Risks and Premiums. |Flre Risks. l Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $$36,595,925 53,201,387 43
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 252.161,237' 2.593.850 8a
Net amount In force De-
cember 31. 1597 I 406.0."O.Sll! 3,557.991 94
MARTIN RKXNETtT
United States Manager.
Subscribed and swnrn to before me thlß 21st
day of January, 1898.
CLARKSON N. FOWLER. Notary Public.
R. C. MEDCRAFT,
GENERAL AGENT, 
319 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
J, Dr. Wong Him,' No«.
k 115 and 117 Mason street,
E\"'*****™«^B San Francisco. Cftl.— .This
W-S? v is to certify that I have
W3tfc J been for several years
V A. i a great sufferer ' from
■ J&i J Bright' s Disease of tha
A-'^su f Kidneys, a tumor in tha
-ffVv left side and other dis-
> «*.*»- ■**5f V eases incidental to fe-
<dPfSsi>*. /"> v vNfc' ' '"'"'■ that x have {or
'^HHHHIr lv ! and months at a
is 3* time been totally . un:tbl«
to attend to my domestic affairs, and much of
the time confined to the bed. Nothing couli
be done for me that afforded more than tempo*
rary relief. About three months ago I was ad«
vised to place myself under your treatment.
On my first interview, after feeling my pulse,
you described my condition more accurately
than I could have done myself. . After usin*
your medicine and following your advice sine*
that time I am vary happy to '6&y I hive en-
tirely recovered my health; am fully able to
fulfill all my duties as. the mother of a. larg*
family of children; indeed, for the past 15 or 2*
years I have not enjoyed as robust health,
MRS. HETTIK E. LOWE,
3STI 24th street. San * Francisco. Cal.
October 18, 189 S. - . , ,-- .
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEAU.NY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RH-
modeled and renovated. KING; WARD 4
CO. European plan. Rooms 5Cc W tl 50 day;
$5 to $S week; $S to $30 month. F"ree baths: hot
and cold water every room;, fire grates In every
room; elevator runs all night.
\A/. T. HESS,
ROTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNS* -AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreskels Bldg.
■ ■ Telephone Brown i-Jl-
Residence, £21 California St., below . Powell.
Ban Francisco. .. . '/ —
Weekly Gall $1.00 DBr YeapROUND TABLE
SESSIONS HELD
IN CHURCHES
Teachers Participate
in Discussions.
SPECIAL TOPICS CONSIDERED
PROGRESS OF THE WORK AT
SANTA ROSA.
President Childs Reviews Achieve
ments of the Past and Makes
Recommendations for the
Future.
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 27.— President G.
W. Childs of San Jose called the thirty-
Becond annual convention of the Cali
fornia State Teachers' Association to
order this morning at 9 o'clock. A large
number of spectators were present be
■ the members of the association.
Among the latter were noted many of
the most prominent educators of Cali
fornia.
The proceedings opened with an elo
• prayer by the Rev. J. F. Bateh
elor, pastor of the Fifth-street Metho
dist Episcopal Church South of this
city. A musical selection followed, af
ter which Mayor James S. Sweet, in a
spirited address, welcomed the city's
guests and tendered them the freedom
of the city. He said Santa Rosa was
honored by the presence of so many
prominent educators within her gates.
Superintendent Carl H. Nielsen was
introduced by the chairman and on
behalf of the teachers of Sonoma Coun
ty, who6e annual institute also is now
in session in ibis city, warmly wel
comed the members of the State asso
ciation to the county. To both Mayor
Sweet and Superintendent Nielsen
State President Childs made fitting re
ply in the name of the State associa
tion, expressing the pleasure it gave
the members and himself to be pres
ent, fie delivered his annual address.
President Childs reviewed at length
the work of the association during the
period he had been at its head, and also
since its organization in San Fran
oh December .26, 1554. Among the
benefits mentioned as resulting from
the work of the association the speak
er mentioned the procurement of a
State Bchool tax; the adoption of the
State series of text books; the estab
lishment Of a State school journal—
the California. Teacher; the publication
of several volumes of proceedings and
valuable lectures; the forming of a
State educational society and the pro
fessionalization of teaching by securing
legislation for better methods of cer
tificating teachers of the State; the
adoption of the plan of issuing life and
educational diplomas and State and
county certificates based upon written
examinations instead of -the loose oral
examination once in vogue; the forma
ts..ll by John Sw*tt of the most com
prehensive and practical school law in
the I'nited States, which the speaker
said was responsible for our schools so
soon taking rank with the best in the
w.rld. He suggested changing the
time of meeting in the future from the
winter to the summer, and strongly ad
vocated the abolition of the annual
county teachers' institutes now held by
the teachers <>f every county in the
State, and the substitution of a State
summer school, to hold a three weeks'
session and to meet during the vacation
period.
He complimented the work done by
the Gou-ncil of Education and urged
that the utmost care be exercised in
the selection of its members. He also
suggested that the Legislature be asked
for an appropriation of $300 per year
for its supjxirt. The various "round
tables" organized at every session of
the convention, in the opinion of the
speaker, should be organized for per
manent work and continue their meet
ings throughout the year. He advo
cated the omission of the Governor
from the State Board of Education in
the future and the addition of the Su
perintendents of Schools of San Fran
cisco, Alameda and Los Angeles coun
ties. He was non-committal upon the
subject of the State series of text books
and jn referring to the matter con
tented himself with expressing the be
lief that it should be thoroughly in
vestigated, and stated that before con
demning the State Board of Education
and the books prepared by it too se
verely "it is the duty of this associa
tion to ascertain what difficulties the
board encountered in preparing and re
vising these books." He partly advo
cated the enlargement of the idea of
manual training in the schools of the
State, and concluded by asking the
question:
"What does it profit a man if he gain
the whole world of knowledge and is
not thereby fitted to earn an honest
livelihood?"
After a violin solo by David Caugh
lar., Hon. John Sweet. ex-Superintend
ent of Public Instruction, who was on
the programme for an address entitled
"The Evolution of the American Sys
tem of Public Schools," gave way to
Dr. G. Stanley Hall, the eminent presi
dent of Clarke University of Worcester,
Mass., who delivered a masterly ad
dress upon "The Education of the Feel
ines." Dr. Hall is recognized as one
of the foremost educators of the coun
try and his address was listened to
•with the most profound attention. He
Bpoke strongly in favor of both schools
and churches taking more care of the
m.-thods employed in handling the
youth of the land and said he believed
that the formative period in the lives
<<f all young should be protected in
every possible way, intimating strong
ly that such was. not the case at the
present time in all public schools at
least.
R. D. Augburg, director of drawing
in the Oakland schools, followed Dr.
Hall in an interesting "chalk talk." The
speaker illustrated his ideas upon the
Bubjject of "The Powers of Suggestion"
by many clever designs upon the black
board hastily sketched in view of the
audience. When ho had concluded the
convention adjourned until to-morrow.
This afternoon "round table" sessions
■were held at the different churches and
meeting places of the city for the dis
cussjon of special lines of work. The
afternoon's programme was as follows:
Old Presbyterian church, corner of
Fifth arid Humboldt streets. "School
Legislation": South Methodist Church,
corner Fifth and Orchard streets,
"English": First Presbyterian Church.
corner of Humboldt and Johnson
streets. "History": Christian Church,
■Ross street. "child Study"; Baptist
Church, corner of Ross and R streets,
"Physical Culture": Armory Hall, op
posite the court-house on Hinton *ve
nUe, "Nature Study": Congregational
Church, E street, "Deaf and Dumb,
BHrd and Feeble Minded Education."
The ne«" and fleeant high school
building oO Humboldt street presented
a gay appearance to-njffht upon the oc
casion of the elaborate reception ten
dered the city's guests by the dtizans
of Santa Rosa. The affair was under
the auspices of the City Ministerial
Union, of which the Rev. W. L. Gas
ton of the First Baptist Church is pres
ident and the Rev." William Martin of
the First Presbyterian Church is secre-
tary.
The building had been handsomely
decorated for the occasion and music
was supplied by Parks' full orchestra.
The affair partook largely of the na
ture of a promenade concert, the guests
and visiting teachers making their way
through the beautiful building as they
saw fit. Committees in charge saw
that no details were lacking to make
the affair a success, and during the
evening dainty refreshments were
served by a bevy of handsome high
school girls. At least 1500 people were
present.
Every evening a reception is held in
Society Hall in the Athenaeum, where
music, refreshments and social con
verse tend to make the place a favorite
one for the teachers to congregate.
A feature looked forward to with in
terest for t<~>-mnrro\v's session is the
election of officers, which will probably
take place in the forenoon. For the
office of president of the association
Frederic 1,. Rurk. the well-known prin
cipal of the Santa Barbara School,
seems to be in the lead. Mr. Rurk is
recognized as h strong man. is well
known in this city and throughout the
State, and before accepting his present
position at Santa Barbara wns a mem
ber of the faculty of Clarke University
of Worcester. Mass.
AT THE CHESS TABLES.
Second Round of the Intercollegiate
Tournament.
NEW YORK. Dec. 27.— The second round
!of the seventh annual intercollegiate
cheps tournament was begun at the Co
lumbia Grammar School in this city to
day. The pairing and the challenges
adopted were as follows:
Falk (C.) vs. Cook (T.), Petroff.
Ely (P.) vs. Southerd (H.), king's
gambit declined.
Webb (Y.i vs. Western (P.), queen's
: pawn.
Falk managed to win a pawn in the
I opening. He proceeded to exchange all
: the pieces and he finally mated Cook, who
played rather stubbornly up to seventy
i one moves.
On tho second board where Aronsberg
conducted a Petroff defense against Ely.
the latter lost first a pawn, later on the
exchange and finally the game, after
forty-two moves.
Meyers' venture of ' a king's gambit
against Southerd did not prove a success.
Thp Harvard man won a pawn in the
middle-game stage and the game was
finally adjudged by Referee Helms as a
win for Southord.
Webb on the last board played a queen's
pawn opening. He allowed his adversary,
Westnn. to assume the attack, and thus
netted this player the exchange and some
pawns, and after seventy moves Weston
won.
Death of "Ruth Ashmore."
NEW YORK. Dec. 27.— Mrs. Elizabeth
Mallon, bost known by her norn de
plume of "Rah" and "Ruth Ashmore,"
Anakesis cures Piles, nothing els«». Sam
ple free. Address Anakesis, New York. •
AT THE HEAD OF
IDAHO'S SCHOOLS
.Miss Pepmeal Fpenel? Studying Oup
Educational System.
MISS PERMEAL FRENCH, the brilliant young lady who was elected
Superintendent of Public Instruction of the State of Idaho in November,
is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. Peter W. Hickey of 2072 Market street, and
will leave for her northern home to-morrow, in time to assume her
official duties at Boise City in January. Miss French received her educa
tional training at the Convent of Notre Dame in this city, and graduated
with high honor in 1885. One of her instructors was Sister Xavier, who stated
yesterday that she entertained the happiest recollections of Miss French, who
had been much beloved by teachers and companions. "We are pardonably proud
of her." said the venerable sister. "She is a noble girl, with a fine, lovable,
amiable character, and we do not wonder at her eminent success in her chosen
profession."
The new State School Superintendent of Idaho was the nominee of the Demo
cratic and Silver Republican parties, and was indorsed by the Populists. She was
opposed on the Republican ticket by Miss Lucy Dean, and the champions of the
respective lady candidates made an interesting campaign, with the result that
Miss French, recognized as one of the most efficient and esteemed as one of the
most popular teachers in the public schools of Idaho, was elected by an over
whelming majority. One factor which contributed materially to the remark
able victory of Miss French was the opposition (if a band of religious fanatics,
whose antaaponism was prompted solely by the fact that she is a member of the
Catholic faith. As a rebuke to such a movement a multitude of Republicans cast
their suffrages for Miss French. The latter's present visit to this State is to
acquaint herself with the most approved methods in vogue in our schools and for
several days past the distinguished visitor has been in consultation with promi
nent educators of California. She is determined that the public schools of Idaho
shall be in line with the most advanced and progressive ideas, and is equipped
with the brains, energy and enthusiasm to carry out her object.
"While I cannot say that a woman would fill the position of School Superin
tendent better than would a man. I know that women are very conscientious,
and 1 think thai they are endowed, as a rule, with superior ability for discern
ing character in children and that they will be more careful to build up the
moral side of youth." Thus spoke Miss French, in an interview last evening,
and she continued: "I believe that women will leave out the element of poli
tics in educational affairs more positively than men. Politics should be elimin
ated from our schools.
"One incentive for a woman to work in this position is that she may demon
strate the fact of woman's equality with her brother in all educational work.
In the matter of text-book laws, Idaho is behind none of her sister States on
the Pacific Coast, and I find the California State Teachers' Association labor
ing for the identical thing we are striving for in Idaho— a uniform course of
study. It is our intention to bring our schools to the front, making them rank
with the first. As our schools are so shall our State be, and the people of Idaho
are all imbued with a State pride that augurs well for both. If I don't do
another thing than to introduce into the schools of Idaho a uniform course of
study. I shall have laid the foundations for piogressive schools.
"Heretofore our teachers have been compelled to go out of the State in order
to 'brush up' on the question of methods. As it has been brought forcibly to
my mind that something must be done for the benefit of those among our young
teachers who are ambitious, yet whose circumstances will not permit them to
gratify their desire for advancement, I intend to inaugurate summer schools in
Idaho and to supply those schools with the very ablest instructors, to the end
that the teachers of Idaho may receive every benefit, to obtain which they must
visit other States. I want to see physical culture carried more effectively into
the schools.
"I think that recesses -in the schools should bo abolished. I believe in short
hours and no recess. This would be a benefit to the child and a relief to the
teacher, removing all possible cause for the frequent accusations that our public
schools are to blame for any wrongdoing on the part of children."
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1898.
FOR FREE PAPER
AND FREE PULP
Appeal From Newspaper
Publishers.
AT THE MERCY OF A TRUST
WANT THE PRODUCT OF CANADA
ADMITTED.
Anglo-American Commission Asked
to jctemove the Protective Duty
and Thus Invite Com
petition.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 27.— The Amer
ican Newspaper Publishers' Association
has presented to the Anglo-American
joint high commissioners a carefully
prepared argument in favor of free pa
per and free pulp. The following is a
syllabus of the argument:
The directors of the American News
paper Publishers' Association, represent
ing 175 daily newspapers of the United
States and representing the bulk of the
total consumption of print paper, are in
favor of free paper and free pulp. The
tariff of ?6 por ton on print paper is pro
hibitory and we believe that the rate of
$1 67 per ton for mechanically ground wood
pulp is excessive; that the American pa
per manufacturers need no protection, be
cause they can manufacture paper cheap
er than is done in any other part of the
world and that they are now supplying
the Australian. Japanese and British mar
kets in competition with Swedish and Ger
man manufactures; that no print paper is
brought into the I'nited States, but that
during the last year the export has aver
aged over 1000 tons per week, and that
the entire revenue received from the im
portation of mechanically ground wood
pulp was only $41,842 last year, so that no
serious question of national economy
could be urged in opposition to free pulp
ami free paper.
The American manufacturers are pro
tected to the extent of $1 (W per ton by
reason of their proximity to their custom
ers. The cliff orrncc In the cost of trans
portation to market is their great guar
antee of security against Canada or any
foreign country. They are also protected
by reason of their ability to obtain cheap
er and more convenient supplies of coal
and chemicals, which as yet are not ob
tainable in the Canadian forests.
In January. 1898, all the big and profit
able paper mills of the I'nited States, with
a few unimportant exceptions. were
merged into the International Paper Com
pany, a combination that absorbed twen
ty-four mills, producing about 80 per cent
of the entire American output. This cor
poration or trust was capitalized upon a
Basis of $50,000,000. Tho pretext given for
the organization of the trust was the in
ability of mills to make paper at prevail
ing prices— that bankruptcy stared them
in the face.
The combination was really formed to
protect the proprietors whose mills were
in poor localities or on streams that were
running dry. Every mill owner who en
tered that trust invited a withdrawal of
Government favor. Excessive and im
proper prices were paid for many mills
that were located on exhausted water
courses and that were tributary to de
nuded timber tracts.
Organizers of the trust frankly admit
ted at the outset that its common stock
represented no investment, yet a divi
dend of 1 per cent on the common stock
was declared in November, payable De
cember 31, IS9S. This common stock is
now selling on Wall street at 60. A cir
cular based upon information "furnished
hy officers" of the International Paper
Company showed that in July the trust
was making a profit of 110 a ton on its
output.
The entire output of this corporation,
representing 1420 tons per day of theo
retical capacity, could be reproduced by
a present investment of $15,000,000. so that
the American consumers of newspapers
are forced to pay dividends upon an in
flated and wholly fictitious valuation of
at least $40,000,000. .
Immediately after the organization of
the trust it raised the price of paper
wherever possible. In three cases it rais
ed its price $10 per ton, and has averaged
an increase of $5 per ton on its daily out
put of 1420 tons, equaling an Increased
tax of $2,130,000 per annum upon the news
papers of the country, which now pay a
total exceeding $20,000,000 per annum for
their paper supply.
The present consumption of pulp wood
by the pulp and paper mills of the Lmted
States, including manila, book and writ
ing is stated at 2.000,000 cords per annum,
which consumption requires the entire
stripping of pulp timber on 620 square
miles per annum.
Our spruce wood supply is limited. We,
therefore, urge that the commission
shoud t.ike advantage of tho
opportunity and secure a sufficient supply
of spruce treed from tariff complications.
The enlightened policy of New \ork
and other States in protecting forests
should be encouraged by putting Cana
dian pulp and paper on the free list.
Every increase of a quarter of a cent
per pound in the price of news paper adds
$34,000,000 to the value, of the trust securi
ties.
BLOODHOUND TO
TRAIL A BURGLAR
San Jose's Chief of Police Deter
mined to Catch the Elusive
"Borer."
SAN JOSE, Dec. 27.— A burglar with a
brace and bit and who bores out panels
in doors is causing terror among San Jose
women and at the same time baffling the
I Police Department. The man's first ap
j pearance here was a couple of weeks ago,
when he bored out a panel in Dr. Simp
ton's residence on North Third street.
i Since then he has made nightly visits to
various residences, extending his trips to
Edenvale and Agnews.
"The Borer," as he has become known,
takes nothing, and only makes trips
through houses, making his
exit by a rear door. In over a dozen
places "entered the only things taken have
been a mackintosh and $1 in cash. Last |
night he visited the residence of F. H. \
Mabury, on Second and Kmpire streets.
where he bored the panel out of the front ;
door, making a hole big enough to crawl j
through. He was scared away
He has left two braces and bits behind
him, but no further clews have been dis
covered. M ,
A search of lodging houses fails to lo
cate any stranger, and Chief Kidward and j
his force are puzzled. Women are becom- ■
ing alarmed, and it is almost Impossible
for a husband to go away from home for '
the evening. To-day Chief Kidward re- j
ceived a bloodhound from Sheriff
Matthews of Monterey County, and the
dog will be put on the trail of the ]
"Borer" when his next visit is reported.
ORDERS SENT TO THE
BATTLESHIP OREGON
She Will Remain at Callao, Peru,
for at Least Two
Weeks.
WASHINGTON". Dec. 27.— Orders have i
been cabled by the Navy Department to |
Captain Barker of the Oregon, the senior 1
and commanding officer of the little fleet j
of battleships and supply vessels now at i
Callao, to remain at that point until Jan- j
uarv 10 next. It appears that the vessels |
never had any orders to proceed either to i
Manila or to Honolulu, though it was the j
purpose of the Navy Department, when ,
they started from New York, to make
Manila their destination. It w;is not pos
sible however, to order them to the place |
without being guilty of a breach of the \
spirit of the agreement between the Unit- i
ed States and Spain providing ror the sus- j
pension of hostilities. Therefore it was
understood that the ships were to go to
Honolulu, there to receive orders which
would carry them to Manila. But the or
ders were actually sent to Captain Barker
by cable at the ports in South America j
where he touched, leaving it open to the !
Navy Department to make any change in ,
the original plan that mignt be deemed j
advisable. It is probable that the occa- ;
sion for such a change has not arrived, |
for it is believed that there Is not now the i
same necessity for the presence of such a
powerful ship away from the home sta
tion and before January 1* Captain Bar
ker is likely to be duly notified.
CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR
THEIR VICTIM'S WIDOW
South Dakota Cattlemen Give a Sack
of Gold to a Woman Whose Hus
band They Killed.
CHICAGO. Dec. 27.— A special to the
Record from Chadron, Neb., says: As a
sequel to the court scene at Hot Springs,
S D last week, in which thirty-two cat
tlemen were acquitted of the charge of
killing John Ekman. a sheep herder, in
Fall River County, S. D., last August, a
cavalcade composed of the exonerated
cattlemen rode up to the little cabin occu
pied by the destitute family of the dead
man The leader knocked at the door and
Mrs' Ekman responded. Her face grew
P^fl^an™^ the leader, "we
have come to give you a little Christmas
nresent We shot your husband, but it
was in self defense. We know you are
without funds. We would gladly restore
your husband, but that is impossible, so
we do the next best thing-give you the
means to support yourself and children.
If you need more call on us." and. he
handed her a bag containing $1000 In gold.
The plainsmen raised their hats, mount
ed their horses and rode away.
PASTURAGE FOR SHEEP.
Mount Tacoma Reservation to Be
Thrown Open to Herds.
TACOMA, Dec. 27.— The forestry re
serve officials of the Northwest met last
night In Tacoma to discuss the question
of sheep grazing in the reserves. It was
practically decided to allot the pasture
district lying in the Mount Tacoma re
serve in well defined ranges, the boun
daries being marked by streams and
ridges. These ranges will be let at the
rate of $5 to every thousand sheep pas
tured each season, unless there is com
petition for the same tract between rival
graziers, when it will be given to , the
highest bidder. Grazing will be prohibited
in the reserves until June 20 to allow the
grass to get well started and the higher
altitudes will be reserved until a month
The settlement of this question is one
of greatest difficulty and is left nearly al
together to the discretion of the reserve
superintendents, although their plans will
be ratified by the Government.
Dr. does has ascertained that the re
serves are already pastured to the fullest
extent compatible with safety to the per
manence or the grazing. The herds are
increasing every year and it has become
necessary to formulate a plan for allot
ing the districts with definite boundaries
for each range and to prevent too early
feeding on the grass In the spring.
FRANCHISE FOR A RAILWAY
Eureka's Streets Opened to the
Klamath Biver Line.
EUREKA, Dec. 27.— The City Council to
night unanimously passed the ordinance
granting the Eureka and Klamath River
, Railroad Company a franchise for fifty
1 years over certain streets of Eureka, vir
: tually settling the local railroad fight.
I \\ ork will commence on the railroad to
] Arcata soon after the final passage in
thirty days. This means a new era of
prosperity for Plumboldt.
AGGELER AND CONANT
ARE CERTAIN TO WIN
Progress of the Recount of the Votes
Cast in San Jose
Precincts.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 27. — The vote of the
sixth and seven precincts of this city
was recounted to-day in the contests for
Sheriff, Treasurer and City Justice. Ag
geler, Conant and Lyndon made further
gains, and the former two will certainly
win. In the two precincts Lyndon gained
8, Aggeler 5 and Conant 6. Their attor
neys claim net gains in the seven pre
cincts are: Lyndon 22, Conant 12, Aggeler
19. Langford's majority over Lyndon is
144, but should the ratio of gain continue
the latter will get the office.
There are four other contests to come
up. in which the elections of G. F. Rea
as Supervisor. I. Herrington as Justice of
the Peace of Santa Clara. J. E. Grider as
Constable of Mayfield and J. H. Camp
bell as District Attorney are contested.
COUNT GOLUCHOWSKI
ABOUT TO RESIGN
Austro-Hungarian Foreign Minister
Will Surrender the Port
folio.
LONDON. Dec. 2S.— The Vienna corre
spondent of the Daily Chronicle says he
learns on the best authority that Count
Goluchowski is about to resign the port
folio of Austro-Hungarian foreign Min
ister. Count Goluehowski's resignation
is the outcome of the recent policy of the
Prussian Government in expelling Aus
trian soldiers from the northern provinces
of Prussia and of the speech made in the
Austrian Reichsrath regarding the ex
pulsion by Count Hohenstein, the Aus
trian Premier, last month, when, in reply
ing to an interpellation, he said that if
the Berlin Government did not show
greater consideration to Austrlans tho
Austrian Government would not hesitate,
if necessacy, to adopt retaliatory meas
ures.
BOLIVIA THREATENED
WITH CIVIL WAR
Young Men of the Best Society Are
Arraying Themselves for
Battle.
LIMA, Peru, via Galveston, Tex., Dec.
27.— Advices from Bolivia say that the
condition of affairs there is serious.
Young: men belonging to the best society
are joining' either side, the banks have
lost nearly all their clerks, and civil war
is inevitable.
DRUMMERS NAME OFFICERS.
Western Commercial Travelers' Asso-
ciation in Session.
ST. LOT'IS, Dec. 27.— The twentieth an
nual meeting- of the Western Commercial
Travelers' Association is in session here,
with many delegates present. Of the
business transacted to-day the election of
officers was the most important. These
■were selected:
President — William N. McConklin. St.
Louis.
First vice-president— Gustav J. Meyer,
St. Louis.
Second vice-president— Thomas J. Cow
ning. St. Louis.
Third vice-president— Alfred J. Diek
man, San Antonio.
P\>urth vice-president — H. Field. San
Francisco.
Fifth vice-president— J.W. Byler, Bates
ville. Ark.
Sixth vice-president— T. C. Henckle,
Springfield, 111-
PURE ARTESIAN WATER,
SUISUN, Dec. 27.— Arrangements have
been completed for providing an abund
ant water supply for Martinez, Port Cos
ta, Crockett and Valona. The source of
supply is the artesian water belt near
Concord. It is stated that from one well,
about thirty-five feet deep, a stream of
pure artesian water is discharging 200.000
gallons daily. This water will be carried
a distance of seven miles to a storage res
ervoir In Martinez; thence, pipes will be
laid six miles farther to supply Port Cos
ta and Crockett.
Will Command the Shamrock.
LONDON*, Dec. 27.— Captain "Archie"
Hogarth, the former commander of the
Isolde, has been appointed to command
the Americans cup challenger, Shamr
ock. He says the design of the new
boat is perfect and that she has been
specially designed to meet American rac
ing conditions.
Gregario Sylva Captured.
REDWOOD CITY, Dec. 27.— Gregario
Sylva. wanted on a charge of felonious
assault preferred by Mrs. Durvaun, a
resident of Spanishtown, was captured
near that place to-day.
JUST WHAT
YOU WANT
IN" your
Bathroom, Bedroom,
Bining=room, Nursery
Library or Office.
..THAT HEATS..
No Odor, No Smoke, No Ashes!
Up to Date In Quality!
Down to Date in Prices!
W.W. MONTAGUE & GO.
HEADQUARTERS
FOR HEATING AND COOKING
APPARATUS OF ALL KINDS,
309 to 311 Market Street, S. F.
Moet &
Cftctndon,
(Largest and Oldest Champagne
House in the World).
WHITE SEAL (Grande Cuvee) is
unsurpassed in quality, dryness and
flavor.— NEW YORK TIMES.
Use 'F*iL-
Facial Soap .£?/ Facial Cream.
■.■■■; ■ -
If anything alls your Skin, Scalp. Complex-
lon or Hair, call on or write Dermatologlit
JOHN H. WOODBURT, 127 West 4ild Bt., New
York, 163 State Bt., Chicago. Use Woodbury's
Facial Soap. Facial Cream. Facial and Tooth
Powder. Sold everywhere.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OO 00000000000000O 000000000000O 00 OOOOOOOOO OO 000000
o g
g SELECTED FROM OXJK. g
• LEADING DEPARTMENTS! 1
© o
O i ©
q We offer some very Interesting Items from several of our leading departments ©
O as special leaders for to-day's trade. __^- ©
© NOTE.— We cheerfully exchange goods or refund the purchase price if "every ©.
© item Is not found exactly as represented. g
O z==== ©
o SILK DEPARTMENT. g
o -A.t 4O Oents. o
o .A-t 4O Oents. o
o Too FANCY CHECKED SILK; sale price 40c a yard. o
g BLACK DRESS GOODS. °,
® A.t 25 Oents. 2.
if 2 oases 39-inch EXTRA FINE FIGURED ENGLISH ALPACA, in a va- Q
© riety of designs; good value for 50c a yard; will be placed on sale "
© at 25c a yard. ©
o COLORED DRESS GOODS. . ©
o ©
© 2O Oents. ©
O 165 pieces DOUBLE-FOLD DRESS GOODS, in figured, checked and ©
© mixed effects; will be placed on sale at 20c a yard. Q
© LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S HOSE. o
© A.t 1O Oents. ©
© 500 dozen CHILDREN'S FAST-BLACK COTTON HOSE, in bicycle and ©
O 1-1 ribs, extra heavy with double heels and knees; worth $2 25 the ©
Q dozen; will be on sale at 10c the pair. ©
a J±t 1O Oents. g
IT 600 dozen LADIES' FAST-BLACK COTTON HOSE, in plain and Riche- -
© lieu ribbed, also black, with white feet; good value for $2 25 a dozen; "
© will be on sale at 10c the pair. ©
o LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS. o
© A.t $51.00. %
° LADIES' FANCY ITALIAN CLOTH UNDERSKIRTS, Spanish flounce, "
© with three ruffles; regular price $1 75; sale price $1 00 each. w
% RIBBONS! SPECIAL. o
g J±t 1O Oents. 8
o No. 12, COLORED DOUBLE-FACED SATIN, corded edge, two Inches q
I* wide; worth 15c yard; will be placed on sale at 10c yard. ' q
© .A.t lS Oents. jjj
© No. 16, COLORED DOUBLE-FACED SATIN, corded edges, 2% Inches ©
© wide; worth 20c yard; will be placed on sale at 12% c yard. O
O ©
o -A.t T'S Oents. o
o LADIES' FLANNELETTE GOWNS; worth $1 25 and $1 50; reduced. to o
o 7 5 cents. Q
© DOMESTIC DEPARTMENT. g
g J±t 3* Oents. o
a 250 pieces FLANNELETTES, fleece lined, dark colors and a good, heavy o
!r texture; worth 6 Vie; on special sale at 2V 2 c a yard.
© j±t IS Oents. ©
© 30 dozen JAPANESE LAMBREQUINS, or mantle draperies, 90 inches ©
© long; value for 75c; on special sale at 15c each. ©
o SPECIAL KID GLOVES. o
2 -A.t 65 Oents a. Fair. q
-x 2S dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP "HARVARD" KID GLOVES, colors red. o
** brown, tan, green, blue, butter and white; regular value $100; will :?
© be closed out at 65c a pair; sizes 6 to 7%, ; ©
[gig Market, Jones and McAllister Sts^ / \
L^ Son Franclioot / q
ooooooooo^oooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ODOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
j>w PALACE «'-8
* GRAND hotels*
q »AH FftANCISCO. a
"* Connected by a covered passageway. ~j
P 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. J*
D All Under One Management. Q
ft NOTE TS2 PRICES: 0
X European Plan. .oo per day and upward i
D American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward
Q Correspondence Solicited. 0 !
X JOSH 0. XIRK?A?KIOK, Hftntgtr. 3 !
&.O ooooooooaooooo S
SlnS YITALIS
war 10th D«>-. *S« 'tv % rntLCtUliii
r*"UT 10th Day. «iwa , SL 8 ll {£■ (I WH I ■
VITALIS 20thCa i&l M DCiaicnY
ntoni (>:s THE Arum: SOth Day. IB HI Elf I1 1
RESULTS. It quickly 4»nrely removes Nervousness, Impottncy, i
Nightly Emiuiicns, Evil Dreams Wasting Diseases and all effects
of self-abuse or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lest Vitality,
Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity aod Consump-
tion. Cores when all others fall. Insist on having VITA US, !
no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail $1.00 i
per package or six for $0.00 with a guarantee to Cure or I
liciiind the Money, rirralar Free. Address
(!AUMKT CltiF. CO.. 884 licm-born St.. CWcat*
■oM toy Owl Dru« Co.. a. F.. and Oaklaail.
lERCEj
I Jpr FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
| M FOR WEAK WOMEN. | , !
DR.MCMJLTY:
ri^HIS \VEI>L-KNO\V^ AND RELIART.KOIiD
JL Specialist curcjPrfvate, Nervous, and Blood Dls-
e«ses ox Men only. Book on Private Ul?eases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
Pntients cured lit Home. Terms reasonable. HoursO
to3dnlly;6.3otoS::!o ev'gs. Sondays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Cull.or address
P. KOSCWE JlfXl "liTY. 31. D.
•i;v ., Kfarny St., San Francisco. Cal.
fipjjfo Cklehestcr's Easllsh Diamond Brand.
Pennyroyal pills
ENNYROYAL PILLS
V MK~X Original and Only Genuine. jSI
j/^j/7k¥\. safe, alwija reliable, laoics aak iK\
».|S iSsiWa Urug(tl«t for CMcltetttr t Kngtuti 7>;a-/SP\X
tf**& ! *vi*& r>ond i'^and In Kcd and Gold iuf talllc\>Jgr
"fcv —^^WW v ir. scaled with bluo ribbon. Take VBr
W9^ mno other. Rtfutt dar.grrtntt tulstitu- V .
\'l ~ (if tiont and imitatixmi. At Druggists, or lead 4«,
I U Jff In stamps for particulars, testimonials an!
VV* B■ " Relief for I^adleo," in tetter, by retnrs
•J^ If Mall. < 10.000 TMtimosiala. jr«c Paper.
>< "" > */ Chl»he«terCheinlealCo. > Mii4l»ofi »<3iinra,
Sail by all Local Oruirslsts. HI I. A «>A» i'A
I A PERMANENT CURE I
I A PERMANENT CURE
:5 . of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea c
' i ' and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 s
.-- *.' days ; no other treatment required. S
' i Sold by all druggists. S
OEWEY.STRONG &CO.^V ~
»,V t " Ss^fmiai mi.— ■- n i.|i »n ' ~"J,y | T y'^' C/ K^a
R 3
i NSjy33iTMARriET ST. Sf.^SSr
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Helvetia Swiss Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALL, SWITZERLAND, ON THB
31st day of December, A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending; on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed a*
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
\ ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $849,362 59
Cash in company's office 42 63
Cash in banks 117,616 31
Interest due and accrued on all '
stocks and loans.. 3,516 63
Premiums in due course of collection 73,139 60
Total assets $343,677 73
" LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $3,733 54
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense 17.007 Of)
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 5,303 95
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $305,730 28; •'.
reinsurance 50 per cent 151.875 14
Gross premiums on fire risks run- :
ning more than one year, $30,761 12:
reinsurance pro rata 10,663 74
Due and accrued for salaries, rents,
etc 19 63
All other demands against the com-
pany 30,027 58
Total liabilities $251,530 Si
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flra
premiums •-• $346,046 9*
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 22,736 S3
Total Income $363,783 79
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding $15,702 54, losses of previous
y«ars) $99,622 58
Paid or anowed for commission or
brokerage — '..'...V. 82.397 10
Paid for salaries, fees and other
• charges for officers, clerks, etc 2.625 00
Paid for State, , national and local
taxes ..:...... • • 4.913 15
All other payments and expendi-
tures •--• 14,006
Total expenditures $203,561 11
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year...... $120.263 77'
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums;
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $46,867,203 $156,581 13
Net amount of risks ex- ■... •.
pired during the year.. 31,500,088 . 315.371 19
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1897 36,055.649 356.51140
.- - ■ / ELIJAH R. KENNEDY.
'■ Of Weed & Kennedy,
United . States Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 234
day of February, IS9B.
F. FISHBECK. .Notary Public '
SYZ 6c GO.,
General Agents,
301 California Street.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE . DAMIANA BITTERS. TH
great Mexican remedy; gives - health ~ and. s
strength to sexual organs. Decot, 523 Markat. '
56
WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 28, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1668.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers in this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THI2 WEEKLY CALL, 16 paftes ..One year, by mall, $1
OAKLAND OFFICE '. 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.I OFFICE Ri&fts House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKin street, open until 9:30 o'clock-
O4| Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Session street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
nreet, open urjtll 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o clock-
/.JIUShMENTa
California— "Mngda."
Columbla^Mlnstrel Jubilee.
Alcazar— "A Midnight Hell."
Tlvoll— "The Yellow Dwarf."
Morosco's— "The White Squadron."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Comedy— "A Romance of Coon Hollow."
The Chutes— Gorilla Man. Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olyrnpla — Corner Mason and Eddy street*. Speciaitlea.
Oakland Race Track— Races.
Metropolitan Hall-Runenthiil Piano Recital. Tuesday even-
ing. January 3.
AUCTION SALES.
By Sullivan & Doyle— This day. December 28, at 11 o ; clock,
lorsea, Bu>jrl>>«, etc., at 327 Sixth »treet.
THE TEACHERS' ASSOCIATION.
SOMETHING of gratification is to be found in
the fact that the first gathering after Christmas
to discuss matters of public concern has been
the meeting of the Teachers' Association at Santa
Rosa. Our public schools, despite the efforts of
politicians and bosses to rule, run and ruin them, re
main a just pride to the State and one of the best
proofs of the fefficiency of popular government.
That the school system has been maintained at so
high a standard and has been made so useful to the
community is due almost wholly to the high char
acter, intellectual attainments and personal worth of
the men and women who have enlisted in its service
as- teachers. As a rule School Boards have injured it
rather than helped it. for, while noble exceptions are
to be found here and there, most School Directors
have used their positions more for the purpose of
getting boodle or rewarding political friends than for
the advantage of the schools. The public, too, has
been through indifference more or less antagonistic
to the work of education, for the people have in too
many instances voted for incompetent School Di
rectors and elected to that office men who are ut
terly unfit for the place.
In spite of the carelessness of the voters on elec
tion day, and in spite of the incompetency or dis
honesty of Directors in office, the earnest band of
teachers has gone on in the great work of upbuilding
the schools until from small beginnings our system of
popular education is now one of the best in the
Union, not inferior to that of the most progressive
States.
With what lias been accomplished the general pub
he may be satisfied, but the teachers are not. Their
thoughts and their energies are bent upon the at
tainment of higher levels of work and fuller educa
tional results. At every annual meeting the most
earnest discussions are those concerning improve
ments which may be made in the aims or the meth
ods of teaching. Almost every teacher who attends
these meetings is to some extent benefited by them
and carries back to the management of the school a
truer conception of a teacher's duty or a broader
knowledge of how best to train the minds of the
pupils.
However indifferent the people may be with respect
to the election of School Directors, it is gratifying
to note there is no indifference with respect to teach
ers. The demand for honor, honesty, ability, purity
and zeal in the teaching body is as notable as the
carelessness of such requirements from School Di
rectors. As a consequence even the most corrupt of
School Boards has never dared to place upon the list
of teachers any wholly unworthy person. That fa
voritism has been shown in the appointment of
teachers, that bribes have been demanded in pay
ment for positions is undoubtedly true, but there has
been a well-defined limit in appointments which even
the stupidest of School Directors has been able to
understand, and that limit none has dared to pass.
We have, therefore, a body of teachers worthy of
cur school system *nd of the State. This fact is
everywhere recognized and full credit is given to the
teachers for their worth and their work. Wherever
they hold their meetings they are received with wel
come and honor. Santa Rosa has on this occa
sion the privilege of showing forth the esteem with
vhich the teachers are regarded throughout the
State, and she is doing it with a whole-souled hos
pitality that redounds to her credit.
THE TRANSGRESSOR'S WAY.
WHEN young Rosser of Tennessee escaped the
penalty of the crime he committed here he
doubtless felt that the incident had been closed.
He was free to go, or free to stay and kill another
citizen. It is hardly probable he reckoned upon any
punishment. Vet it has come. He sowed, and the
rcap'ng of the harvest was inevitable.
During the trials of Rosser the figure of the old
father sitting by his side was the embodiment of
pathos. The son did not seem stirred by emotions,
but the sire bowed his gray hairs in shame and grief.
It was natural that he should have come to comfort
the erring boy. It was a sorrowful journey for the
o!cJ man. The shock was too much, and in his South
ern home he lies dead. With truth might it be said he
died of a broken heart.
The wanton shot which slew a stranger has been
the cause of slaying the best friend of the murderer.
Over his crime Rosser never appeared to be con
cerned. Doubtless the second tragedy will succeed
in touching even the author of it. If the soldier cared
nothing for the tears he had caused to strangers,
when there is mourning in his own home he cannot
fail to realize the desolation he has wrought. He
cho«e the way of the transgressor, and, bearing his
double burden of guilt, will find the way as it ever
has been.
WHAT ANSWER.
IT is said that Republican members elect to tht
Legislature are found who are willing to vote foi
Burns for United States Senator.
There were candidates in the field during the late
campaign. Barnes, Knight, Bulla and Grant all de
clared themselves openly. If any candidate for the
Legislature announced himself before the election for
either of these he was dealing fairly by the people.
If none announced his choice among that field, still
he was voted for in the supposition that he might and
would choose from it. There might easily be wide
differences of opinion as to the relative merits and
f'tness of these four gentlemen. But the candidacy
of any Republican for the Legislature might have suc
ceeded after a declaration for either of them, and his
reputation might have survived a vote for either in
the party caucus. But how is it with Burns? Can
any member-elect say with his conscience that he
believed he could have won in any Senatorial or As
sembly district in California if he had in advance an
nounced himself for Burns? The fact that not
one of the one hundred Republican candidates
for the Legislature announced Burns as his
choice is proof sufficient that every candidate
knew such announcement would have been
fatal to him. They all stood in the position of
being likely to vote for either of the four open aspfr
arts for the Senatorship, and the people found noth
ing so offensive in either of the four as to drive them
into opposition. But no candidate, by direction or
indirection, by implication, by jest or intent dared say
that under any circumstances he would vote for
Bums. Now that the election is over, has any Re
publican member been importuned by any respect
able element in his constituency to vote for Burns?
Can any stand up in the caucus and announce that
the editor of any respectable newspaper, the pastor of
any church, a professor in any university or college,
or a teacher in any school, has urged him to support
Bums?
Can any stand up in the Republican caucus and
say that any leading merchant, banker, manufacturer
or business man. lawyer or doctor, farmer or labor
unit n. has urged him to support Burn>?
Can any stand up in the Republican caucus and
a ii r !i his conscience say that the election of Burns
Aill strengthen the Republican party in California or
add to its ranks usefully in the Senate in this critical
time. 1 '
let every member sit down alone with his con
science and his best instincts and ask himself these
questions and answer them, and see where that
answer will place his vote, for Burns or against him.
In the Republican Senatorial caucus what reason
can a member give to prove that his constituents
want Burns for Senator, and what answer can he
make to them to account for his support of such a
candidate? Will he say that Burns has had any ex
perience in office, when it is known that, as County
Cleil; and as Secretary of State, he was a defaulter in
both offices, that he was arrested, that he was put in !
jail ,that he refused to make restitution, but pleaded '
the statute of limitations?
Will he say that Burns has elevated politics,
reputably benefited the State, led great movements i
for the common good? When? What has he done I
as a business man? He is being sued for a fee by I
the lawyer who found him in jail, a beggar and de
faulter, and defended him when indicted. He betrayed
Mr. Waterhouse, the friend who found him bank
nq : in purse and reputation and put him on his feet,
only to be robbed by him of the whole property of
vhich his benefactor had given him a part.
}\e had betrayed the people of Yolo County, who j
elected him Clerk. He had betrayed the people of
California, who elected him Secretary of State. He
!iad betrayed the lawyer who defended him and saved
nim from the penitentiary, and then he betrayed the !
r riend who had trusted him and he now riots in a for
;une which he filched from that friend by the crim- j
nal violation of the mining laws of Mexico, for which j
ie had to sweat in a Mexican jail.
Piay, Republican members of the Legislature, what
niiwer can you make at home when you are asked ',
why you voted for such a man to represent the Re- J
publican party and the State of California in the I
Unired States Senate?
How long do you suppose it will be before there i
is another Republican victory in this State if he is
?lected? How long can a party stand that passes by j
?minence in talents, energy in public service, honesty i
in office and bestows its greatest prize upon such a j
jerson as Dan Burns?
DROVES OF INEBRIATES.
THERE seems to be an increasing tendency to
mark the celebration of Christmas by the ac
quirement of jags so wobbly and pronounced as
to have passed the stage of hilarity. There are
cracked pates and broken noses to attest that the sea
son when peace is supposed to hold special sway has
again arrived.
The logic of this is difficult to grasp. The man
with a holiday can by a little thoughtfulness put it to
better use than the swilling of bad liquor. For the
nonce this may produce a bogus joy, but when it
eventuates in a ride in the patrol wagon, a night in
jail, and the inevitable "day after," its signal failure
as a promoter of peace is easily realized, and the situ
ation evolves no strain in consonance with that which
filled the night upon the Judean hills.
If there is a remedy it must be in making the an
nual swear-off at a week earlier than the usual date.
It is as wise to keep sober Christmas as at New
Year's. While this swear-off is only temporary in
effect, it would surely last seven days, and thus carry
the thirsty beyond the period of greatest danger.
The price of the average drunk would fill many a
stocking, take the family on a pleasant excursion or
to a place of amusement, or even look well added to
a bank account.
Christmas this year the City Jail was jammed with
the inebriate in every stage of collapse. It was in
many localities marked by violence. The lawless
seemed to give particular attention to making them
selves obnoxious, and the foolish followed the pat
tern. The celebration, hedged about as it is with
sacred tradition, was in a measure made a traversty.
It is impossible not to view this fact with regret, but
there appears no particular reason for anticipating a
change.
LUNATICS WriO KILL.
RECENTLY the matron of an asylum was at
tacked by an inmate for whom she was per
forming at the time an office of kindness, and
but for opportune rescue would have been murdered.
As it was she was frightfully injured and received a
shock from which she will be long in recovering.
The sanguinary lunatic was wholly irresponsible.
The law can do nothing with her beyond increasing
the rigor of her restraint. Had it been necessary to
kill her to save her victim no harm would have been
done, and yet society has no desire to take the life
cf a crazy person. The incident may serve as indi
cating what was meant by the statutory provision
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1898.
which exempts the mad from the operation of the
law against the shedding of blood.
It has come to pass that every destroyer of a
human life who stands at the bar of justice utterly
without pretext or excuse enters a plea of insanity.
Strange as the fact may seem, this plea is often po
tent for acquittal. It is known to be fraudulent in
ninety-nine cases out of a hundred. Where a man
can plan and execute a murder, definitely arrange a
method of escape, cover his tracks, and if cornered
! reason that his way to safety lies through this plea, he
lis sane enough to suffer any penalty the law may
prescribe.
Nevertheless, anybody pleading insanity can find
experts who will swear to anything necessary to
bolster up his absurd and insolent claim, and the
more clear the evidence against him the harder they
will swear. "Emotional" insanity and kindred hocus
pocus have saved many an undeserving neck, and,
more than all other causes, brought the statute and
the courts into disrepute. It is worse than the sen
timentality which permits a woman with a pretty face
to kill whom she may desire, for women do not often
presume upon the remarkable privilege accorded.
TOO HIGM (\ PRICE.
AMERICAN TRADE, a journal which an
nounces under its title that it is "published for
the National Association of Manufacturers of
the United States," is naturally a keen and earnest ad
vocate of commercial expansion and the opening of
I new markets for American produce. This is, of
I course, commendable, for we need mercantile as well
! a? industrial extension, but there is such a thing a
paying too high a price for trade, and there are sign
our Eastern contemporary does not understand that
In the current number the chief article is one by
M. R. Jeffries on the Chinese exclusion act, in whicl
'it is maintained that the act "stands as a barrier
: against the increase of trade and commerce between
i the United States and four hundred millions of peo
ple whose instincts would direct them to buy from
j vs — because of their getting better value for their
money — were it not for these objectionable laws."
Starting from that assumption, which, by the way,
he does not undertake to prove, Mr. Jeffries goes on
to argue that it is for the commercial interests of the
United States to repeal the exclusion laws and open
t'lis country to Chinese in return for an open market
in China lor American goods. Furthermore, he de-
I clares the laws were enacted originally "just because
! a few local miners and railway laborers on the Pacific
I Coast had an imaginary idea that the Chinese coolie j
would come to this country in swarms and destroy
their chances for high wages." He then goes on to
"This was twenty years ago and a mere local affair.
It did not concern the United States as a nation at j
the time, but from little acorns massive oaks do grow.
It does affect the wealth producers of this whole
country now, for by these laws we are handicapped j
in trading with one of the most populous nations on
the globe, a nation with which all other large manu
facturing countries are doing their utmost and using
their armies and navies in order to secure a foothold
for trade and commerce, when, if the Chinese were
allowed to come to our shores the same as the Japan
ese, Siamese, Burmese, Malays, English and others,
their trade would naturally drop right into our laps
by gravitation, because we can and do give them the
best value for their money."
If the view of Mr. Jeffries, given circulation by a
journal of such repute as American Trade, find any
considerable support in the East, we may have the
Chinese exclusion fight on our hands again and in a
more dangerous shape than ever. The first appear
ance of a threatened agitation for a repeal of the laws
is, Therefore, a matter of no little importance.
In the absence of any argument on the point, it is
not clear upon what grounds is based the theory
that the exclusion laws interfere with our Chinese
trade. That trade has increased while the exclusion
policy has been enforced, and is increasing now. The
Chinese consumer who can get better goods for less
money from the United States than from any other
country is not likely to turn aside from them and
seek other goods simply because he is not permitted
to come to the United States and work for wages.
Even if the theory should be proven true, however,
it would not in any wise justify a repeal of the ex
clusion act. It would be a poor policy on the part
of the Government to sacrifice California to the
Chinese for the sake of making a new market for
Eastern products. Commercial expansion is undoubt
edly worth a great deal, but it would be bought too
high if we paid for it by the free admission of Chinese
laborers.
Portland, Or., as seen by its own people in the glow
j of Christmas, is well depicted with pen and pencil in
a special edition which the Evening Telegram of
that city issued in celebration of the holiday sea
| son. The portion devoted to a description of the city
I and the industries of the State forms a supplement of
| twelve pages, richly ornamented with photographic
j illustrations and adorned with a cover illuminated in
! brilliant colors. The Telegram has just reason to
be proud of the city of its home, and the city may wcl!
be congratulated on having so able an advocate to
make known its attractions to the outer world.
Some scoundrel over at San Rafael is creating tur
moil by writing anonymous letters. There are few
meaner crimes. Anonymity is the weapon and shield
of the cowardly liar and blackguard. Anybody
guilty of it would be guilty of any felony, save for the
| lack of courage. The rascal should be hunted out,
: and the community made too warm for him. He is
i despicable to a degree that renders impossible any
j hope of reform, but there is a chance of abating him.
There is said to be a woman burglar operating in
' the city, and she is described as having a "sweet
face." And when her victims sing "Her Sweet Face
| Haunts Me Still" there is a note of actual plaintive
j ness so marked as to attract the ineffective attention
j of the police.
A Texan, having been fatally shot, expended his
dying energies in shooting the daughters of his as
sailant, killing one. From what is known of the Texan
temperament, he probably expired with a sigh of
content.
Hearst is the new leader of Democracy, but the
Examiner has scored a scoop on the fact, which, be
ing its only scoop for many a day, causes it to re
joice and be glad.
Perhaps it is because the Governor of Kansas does
not believe in capital punishment that there is such
crying necessity for its application .there.
Christmastime may be a season of peace, but the
I mortuary record shows that after a certain number of
drinks people are prone to lose sight of this fact.
The death of a boy from the bullet of a parlor rifle
ought to go far toward demonstrating the inutility of
deadly weapons as Christmas gifts to children.
Perhaps Bryan has abandoned free silver. An
astute rat will leave a sinking ship
AROUND THE
• CORRIDORS
Fred Dodd of Fresno is a guest at the
Lick.
Edward Twitchell of Ukiah is a guest at
the Grand.
Irving W. Rand, U. S. A., is a guest at
the Palace.
J. O. Carlisle, a miner from Seattle, is
at the Lick.
Lieutenant L. G. T. Kuhlwain, U. S. N.,
is at the Lick.
Hon. Raleigh Barcar of Vacavllle is at
the Occidental.
Postmaster Baer of Cloverdale was in
town yesterday.
Hon. J. D. Connolly of Santa Rosa is a
guest at the Lick.
Attorney L. T. Garausey of Los Angeles
is at the California.
A. Nowell, a rich coffee-grower of Guat
emala, is at the Lick.
N. Field of Manchester, England, is
staying at the Palace.
William Thomas, a prominent rancher
of Chico, is at the Grand.
Ex-Postmaster Thomas A. Lewis of Los
Angeles is at the California.
James Rennie, a wine grower from Na
toma, is a guest at the Lick.
R. H. de Witt, Treasurer of Siskiyou
County, is at the Occidental.
Assistant Surgeon W. L. Bell, U. S. N.,
of Mare Island, is at the Palace.
Sam Thall, theatrical man from New
York, is a guest at the Occidental.
A.' A. Grant, a mining man from Al
buquerque, New Mexico, is at the Palace.
Paul Frege, a coffee grower from Guate
mala, is at the Occidental, with his wife.
W. A. Kinney, former Governor of Ha
waii, arrived at the California yesterday.
Wilfred Taylor of Auckland and G. C.
Steedholme of New Zealand are at the
Lick.
Henry Landes, a prominent citizen of
Port Townscnd, is a guest at the Occi
dental.
Dr. W. H. Davis, one of the most promi
nent physlcans of Detroit, is at the Occi
dental.
H. Crum of Shanghai and E. A. Warn
holtz of Hamburg are registered at the
Palace.
Major A. V. yon Sonnonberg, the Ger
man military attache at Manila, Is at the
Palace.
Professor Garrett Droppers and family
of Tokio are at the Occidental. They ar
rived on the China.
William F. Wilson, a mining engineer
from the City of Mexico, arrived at the
Occidental last night.
Professor Alexander G. Bell, with his
wife and daughter, is at. the Palace. He
is en route to Washington, D. C, where
he will deliver an address before the
Smithsonian Institution.
K. Nakashina of Tokio is at the Occi
dental. He has come to San Francisco as
the assistant general passenger agent, un
der William K. Curtis, of the new Oriental
Japanese Steamship Company.
E. S. Pillshury, the well-known attor
ney, has returned to the city from an ex
tended Eastern trip. Mr. Pillsbury ap
pears to have been much benefited by his
trip and looks to be in the best of health.
Captain J. H. McClintock and A. C. Mc-
Millan, both of whom served with the
Rough Riders at San Juan, are at the
Palace. The former is from Phoenix and
the latter from New York. They are here
on pleasure.
M. "Walheim, Mexican Minister to Japan,
arrived on the China yesterday and is at
the Occidental. He is on his way to Mex
ico to consult with the high officials of the
Government concerning the Mexican in
terests in the Far East. He says that
business is somewhat slow at present in
Japan, but that both houses of the Par
liament will stand by the Govern
ment and that affairs will come around
right as soon as confidence is restored.
He bespeaks a great future for Japan and
says that the time is not far distant when
her influence as a nation will be felt the
world over. " '.• '.
* » ■
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— Miss J. Flood of
San Francisco is at the Windsor; E. E.
Fay and wife of Los Angeles are at the
Grand; E. C. Barclay of San Francisco is
at the Cosmopolitan: J. A. Barham of
Santa Rosa is at the Imperial. Mrs. Frona
Eunice Waite of San Francisco is at the
Waldorf, where she will make her head
quarters while lecturing in this city for
the California State Board of Horticul
ture.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
GOAT ISLAND— A. X., City. The area
of Goat Island is 140.9 acres.
EASTER SUNDAY— D. D., Forest Hill,
Placer County, Cal. Easter Sunday, 1849,
fell on April 8.
NOT IN ZOLA'S LIST-"The Fate of a
Libertine," published in the B. & T. se
ries, does not appear in the list of Zola's
works.
McKINLEY AND HARRISON-G. H.,
City. President McKinley never was in
California. Ex-President Harrison visited
California while he held the office of
President.
GARNISHMENT— A. X.. City. If a
man works In San Francisco and lives in
Oakland, his wapes would be subject to
garnishment in the first-named place, as
he no doubt is paid in the place where he
earns the wages.
NOT A RARE COIN-L. A. N., City.
A half dollar of 1819 is another of those
coins that do not demand a premium.
Such are so plentiful, from a numismatic
standpoint, that they can be purchased
for 85 cents apiece.
FRAMING PICTURES— A Patron,
Westport, Cal. As you do not Btate in
your letter of inquiry what kind of pic
tures you are framing:, it is impossible to
advise you as to the matter that you de
sire to b# informed about.
DID NOT DO IT-S. C, Novato, Cal.
If in playing dice A shakes out three
fours and B says that he will beat that
throw, and then throws three fours, he
ties A but does not beat him; conse
quently If there was a bet accompanying
the assertion by B he would lose his bet.
THE NAVAL ACADEMY— M. C. F.
City. If you desire to enter the Naval
Academy at Annapolis, file an application
with the Congressman of the district you
live in. For detailed information about
admission into the academy go to the
Free Public Library reference room, ask
for the World Almanac for 1898, and on
page 376 you will find the Information you
desire.
THE GREAT EASTERN— G. H., City.
The Great Eastern was built as a steamer
in 1554-58 for passengers and freight. In
1862-64 she was converted into a cable
laying ship; in 1867 she was again con
verted into a passenger ship to carry pas
sengers to and from the Paris Exposi
tion, and in ISOB she was again chartered
by the telegraph company. In 1884 she was
placed in the harbor of Gibraltar to be
used as a coal hulk.
STEALING FRI'IT-A Rancher, City.
A court could not declare a man who shot
and killed another for entering his
grounds to steal fruit guilty or inno
cent, for that Is not the province of a
court, but of a jury. Whether killing un
der such circumstances would be justifi
able would depend upon the facts of the
case. The Penal Code of the State
which you can find in the Free Public Li
brary, will give you in detail all the law
on the subject of justifiable homicide
DIVORCE PUBLICATION - S., Oak
land, Cal. In regard to the publication of
summons in a civil action, and an action
for divorce is a civil action, the law of
California says: "The order must direct
the publication to be made in a newspa
per, to be designated as most likely to
give notice to the person to be served
and for such length of time as may be
reasonable, at least once a week, but pub
lication against a defendant residing
out of the State or absent therefrom
must not be less than two months." The
law does not specify daily or weekly
newspaper, but simply newspaper. "
REGENTS HAVE
A TILT OVER
COUNSEL FEES
Judge Wallace Brings
on a Warm Debate.
AN OBJECTION THAT FAILED
MAJOR MHOON GIVES HIS FEE
TO ASSOCIATE COUNSEL.
The Recommendation for DegTees Are
Unanimously Adopted — Names
of Scholars Who Won
Them.
Judge William T. Wallace and Major
J. B. Mhonn tilted Innces yesterday at the
monthly meeting- of the regents of the
University of California, and for a long
time the wordy combat looked as if tt
might end in the ruffling of both gentle
men's temper.
The discussion, which was replete in
nicety of expression, quiet sarcasm and
forcible statements, was over the pay
ment of a $2000 fee to C. T. Bird of San
Jose, which was allowed by Judge Hy
land to the attorney for services rendered
in foreclosing a $75,000 mortgage held by
the State institution against Tyler Beach
on his St. James Hotel property.
The well-known jurist arose to protest
against the payment of the fee, on the
ground that it was excessive. In his re
marks Judge Wallace said he believed the
allowance was binding, but he for one
was not disposed to pay it if it could be
avoided. Judge H. S. Foote, his fellow-
regent, stated that in the present condi
tion of the university's finances he was
adverse to paying the bill, and asked for
information on the subject.
Major Mhoon, who is the legal adviser
of the board, then outlined the history of
the transaction. He told of the employ
ment of Mr. Bird and of the valuable
services performed by him. The fee was
first fixed at $3000 by the court, but on the
objection of Judge Rhodes, a former re
gent, it was reduced to $2000.
Major Mhoon thought it would be a deli
cate matter for him to undertake the bur
den of determining the justice of the
claim, but as a matter of law he believed
the judgment was binding and the claim
just.
The debate then went into a discussion I
on the right of the attorney of the board I
to employ outside counsel, "and on motion |
it was decided that in future the finance i
committee and Major Mhoon should agree
on counsel and the amount of their com
pensation.
Judge Wallace said he hoped that in
drawing up mortgages in future they
would be made less ample, as it would
save the university a large amount of i
money. He then delicately asked Major !
Mhoon whether he was interested in the ' :
payment of the fee, and the latter, in a
voice that had a shade of anger in it, !
replied: "To cut off all discussion, 1 will j
waive my share in the fee, so that there
can be no question of the board's attor
ney ever accepting a fee from the uni
versity. I therefore donate my share to
Mr. Bird."
Undisturbed by the major's words, the
aged jurist replied:
"I would suggest that counsel accept it
and turn it into our treasury, as it would
save us that amount of money."
Without a moment's hesitation. Major i
Mhoon sharply answered: "I think Mr. ■
Bird is entitled to it, and I would not do i
it."
Judge Wallace returned to the fray with
a dissertation on the legal profession,
saying that no lawyer would demean him
self by Informing a Judge that certain
legal services were worth a less sum than
the amount already agreed upon.
"In my opinion. " he said, "it is not
worth more than $500 to foreclose a mort
gage. We are all talking freely about this
matter. I do not think the responsibility
of Mr. Bird was so great. Any well-in
formed clerk could have filed the neces
sary papers in the case and have attended
to it. At any rate, I am very clear that
the court never intended that Bird should
got the whole fee."
"I am sure he did," retorted Mhoon.
"He reduced it from 13006 to $2000 after
learning that I received $150 a month."
As Major Mhoon would not accept Judge
Wallace's terms and as the action of
Judge Hyland in the matter was legally
binding, the money will be paid.
Judge Wallace and Judge Foote tried to
mollify Major Mhoon by making a num
ber of motions for the increase of his
salary. The first named regent eulogized
OF INTERES T
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, I_.
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Correiponding With Any »t —I Ttilrwi^t Finn Pliwt jf.ntio, "tj,, 04 , 1 ..
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
firtlstlc Furniture and flrt Ware Importers.
117 SUTTER STREET.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
-WM- SCHOENING, SWRMy BUppUed -
BELTING.
LP DFfiFN Manufacturer of Belting
r, I/LUCn, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Bhlo
Work.
Office and Works— MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5015.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY..
342 *£ 35 ° ear Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'BRIEN & SONSr M^ kers ana Dealers in
V DIUCI^ a .3 Landaus, Hacks, Victorias
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
et.. San Francisco.
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRON ~~
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
yOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITHS. '■ "
SANDERS & CO.. , practical coppersmiths
mfr' 8 "A sheet copper and tubing, improved con-
tinuous *tllls. etc. 415. Mission St.. near First-
all work guaranteed. near rirai.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS
JAS. EOYES & CO,, cg DD | e igg_g
" HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
Pi I LIC £ urUerB> Equipments. Fishing
llllN\ J ackle . Athletic Goods, etc. Send
UUIIO £2r2 r atal °ST ue - GEO. W. BHBEVE.
<33 Market street.
HARDWARE. ~~~~ —
DALACE Hardware Co.. lmporters Dealers
* In Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
: - IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry*. Morton & Hediey. Proas..
234 Fremont St. " Castings of Erery Da.
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
the board's attorney for the faithful
services he has performed and spoke of
his arduous duties, ending his remarks
by saying he did not think his compensa
tion was sufficient. Judge Foote followed
with similar expressions, adding that $1300
a year was small payment to one whose
duties were so numerous.
Wallace moved that, beginning with the
first of the year. Major Mhoon receive $2000
annually. Foote went him one better by
amending the motion, fixing- the compen
sation at $2500 a year, payable monthly.
The matter was shelved for the time
being by being referred to the finance
committee.
Previous to the foregoing discussion
President Kellogg read the following
recommendations for degrees:, which were
unanimously adopted:
College of Social Sciences— Bachelor of Phil
osophy: Miry Klizabeth Bell, Berkeley; Ella
Castelhun, San Franoiaco; Blrney Hogtn Don
nell. Loa Angeles; Rofooe Adams Gi.odeell,
Oakland: Edith Valeric Henrici, San Kran-
Florence May Jones, Berkeley; Viva
Barbara Me Arthur, San Franciscu; Leon
Lazare Roos, San Francisco; Ilex William
Sherer. Ventura: Clara Hettie Smith. Norll
hoff: Otto Theodore Wedemeyer, Los Angeles;
Ralston Whttcomb, Berkeley.
College of Social Sciences— Bachelor of Let
ters: Ethel May Arthur, Stockton; Edna Blum.
San Francisco: Camille Levy, Santa Barbara;
Cornells M-Klnne, San Francisco; Guy Van
Bchaick, tiilroy.
College of Chemistry— Bachelor of Science:
IrvliiK Cowan Allen, Pasadenft.
College ■!" Civil KriKlneering— Bachelor of
Science: John Henry Stutt, Berkeley.
•ge of Letters- Doctor of Philosophy,
Iffagna cum Laude: Mllicent Washburn. A. 8.,
1880, Niles.
College of Soclnl Sciences— Master of Let
ters: Vkla Sherman, B. 1... is:> 7, Oakland.
College of Natural Sciences— Master of
Science; Anstruther Aberexombie Lawson, B.
8.. 1897, Berkeley.
College ot Letters— Bachelor of Arts: Emilie
Levy, San Francisco; Milton Eugene Blanch
ard, !'.. 1 ... ISB7. San Francisco; Grace Esther
Dibble, Berkeley; Florence May Hanna, Oak
lard: Mary Eugenia Ley. Berkeley; George
Herman Powers Jr.. San Francisco; Clara
Marion Stark, San Francisco.
College of Natural Sciences — Bachelor of
Science: Roy Fryer, Pomona; Rose Zellerbach,
San Francisco.
College of Ifinintr— Bachelor of Science: Al
pheus Fuller William, Klmberly, South Africa.
PASSING PLEASANTRIES.
ART.
Mrs. Fat purse— You paint pictures to
order, don't you?
Croat Artist— Yes, madam.
Mrs. Fatpurse — Well. I want a land
scape, with lots of deer and ducks, and
quail, and partridges, and pheasants, and
cattle, and sheep, and pigs, and so on, you
know, and put a lake and an ocean in
fresh and salt water, you know: a.nd be
sure to have plenty of fish swimming
around, because it's for the dining-room.
—Boston Globe.
HIS FEAST.
"Cholly gave an intellectual feast last
night."
"You don't say?"
"Yes. He entertained an idea."— Jewish
Comment.
HIS ALARM CLOCK.
Askins— What kind of alarm clock have
you?
Cynic —My wife's elbow. — Tacoma
Ledger.
STILL AT IT.
"What became of Hyflier. who made bo
much money manipulating stocks last
year?"
"He's still manipulating stock. He's
currying horses in a Westside barn." —
Chicago Tribune.
NOT IN THE CATALOGUE.
Library Assistant (to visitor wljo is
wandering about in a puzzled manner)—
Can I help you? Are you looking for any
thing special?
Visitor (absently)— No thank you; I was
only looking for my wife.— Library Jour
nal. •>,.
TOO MUCH.
"I wish I knew all the mean things my
neighbors say about me."
"You want.to know too much."— Detroit
Free Press.
SUFFICIENT.
The Sweet* Young Thing— But why
should not women enter politics?
The Savage Bachelor— Too many bosses
there now.— lndianapolis Journal.
Cal. glace fruit 50c p»r Ib at Townsends.*
'Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 10-12. •
A bicycling lawyer of Potsdam, who rep
resented himself in court with his tvit
s, all in knee breeches and cycling
stockings, was fined ten marks for "gross
impropriety, and the sentence has Deen
confirmed on appeal by the Prussian
courts.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions ot
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 2Cc a bottle.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel: longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply at
i New Montgomery street. San Francisco.
Mrs. Xaborly— So your name is the same
as your papa's, Harry?
Harry— Yes'm.
Mrs. Xaborly— How do you know when
your mamma calls whom she means?
Harry— Oh. she always calls me kind of
coax-ins.— Brooklyn Life.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO
Fh n nn f , a , CtU «- l, ankets ' Cassimeres. Tweeds an*
flannels, 530 Market St.. San Francisco Pal
Goods for sale at all leadinl t .rV^d? sto^j'
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital. $4,000,000.
6YZ * CO.. Agents
SOt California st.
PAPER DEALERS. ~*
WILLAMFTTF PULP and paper co..
»M-_KM_| 722 Montgomery Stress
PIANOS. ~~ ~
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
F»IMINO MUSIC STORE
KOHLER & CHASE,
2S and SO OTarrell st.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
PRINTING. r " ! '
E C HUGHES, m
STATIONER AND PRINTER
T 1^ C PARTRIDGE %£&
THlUiil^
TYPEWRITERS.
|§|v All Typewriters Rented.
f|l§rl S^TH^R^Mlil? 3 -
■&:i2» L. &M. ALEXANDER.
. 110 Montgomery street.
WALLPAPER. ."• ~ ~,
WHOLESALE & retail; send for samples stat-
Ing quality _ color. DUFFY CO "Sf Howl
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO
Forwarding Agents and Public Weigher- Oca.
era S ornc a e Se 33 F pp C ,^ nd ° raln Warehouse*: alt
eral orflce, 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC.' ~~~ ~*
T- LUNDY. H< ( l? art 4rB4 r8 for flne Jewelry and
. __!!" l ' ■ " ' ' IS-k. Wedding Rings. 43d .t.
WHITt ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Its
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
Is the Best Coal in the MarXet.
Office and Yards— Main Street.
WOOD AND IVORY TURMNO.
.i C ' HAAS> mfr wood articles, any descrip-
tion. Planing, turning. 417 Mission, tel. M, 6917.SUPPLIED WITH
PROVISIONS
IN MIDOCEAN
The Andrada Succors
the C. S. Bement.
GRIM ATTEMPT AT SUICIDE
JOHN BOSS TRIED HABD TO
DROWN HIMSELF.
Captain Dew's Remains Brought Back
c:i the C. D 3ryan: — Percy Hen
derson Appointed Chief
Wharfinger.
. The British ship Ar.drada arrived from
Antwerp early yesterday morning;, after
an uneventful voyage of 148 days. She
had the, usual hard luck off the Horn, but
g-ot around all right and made a good run
up the coast. On August 30 last/ in lati
tude 14.34 north. Itfngitude 25 -west, the
American ship Clarence :S. Bernent was
spoken; Her- captain signaled that she
was short of provisions, so the Andrada
was hove-to and a ?ood supply of ship's
bread and canned goods was put aboard.
The Clarence S. Bernent loaded wheat at
Tacoma last March, and was on her way
to Hull; England, when spofcen by the
Andrada:
- .
-
-
i Ha
thirty-nfne
IS C
i
. -
- i -
James Ross, 60 years oid, tried to com
mit suicide' on the water front yesterday.
He went into a saloon and took a drink,
after which he walked to FoUom-street
wharf, and, looking around, yelled, "Here
goes!" and Jumped. overboard. An engi
neer named Biggey, on the Government
Yukon River steamer, saw the old man go
down, and- immediately jumped in after
him. Ross fought against being rescued,
and it was only when he became uncon
scious that E:ggey succeeded in getting
him. ashore. At the Harbor Receiving
Hospital Dr. Fltzgibbon attended to Ross,
an^ soon brought him back to life. Ross
wore the badges of the Knights Of
Pythias and Odd Fellowa. In his pockets
were $5 50 in coin, a. silver watch and a
pair of earrings, out of which the stones
had tet=n taken.
The bark C. D. Bryant arrived from
Honolulu yesterday. On board were the
remains of Caprain Dow of the barkentine
Planter, "the Planter went to Lysan
Island for a cargo of guano, and it was
while on the way back to Honolulu that
Captain Dow died.
One -of, the popular masters, not only i
with water' front people but with his
crew, is Captain i isher of the British
bark Wasdale. The Wasdale has just
made her tenth visit to this port. As a
mark of the skipper's popularity, his crew
give three rousing cheers for their com- ;
mander every time the sh!p reaches port, i
During the eighteen years that Captain j
Fisher has been a master he has been on
only two ships, and never yet has he had
occasion to place a sailor in irons. In
fact, the captain and his crew constitute a
united and harrfonioua family. Some of
his crew hav-e been with him fqr ten years
and are still content to remain.
The Wasdale is -discharging her cargo !
of Portland cement at the seawall, after I
which she will go to Portland for a cargo
of wheat to- be taken to England. While
!r» the home port Captain Fisher will visit
his hcme and friencs, after an absence
c-f eight years.
As predicted exclusively in last Wednes
day's Call, the Harbor Commissioners
yesterday appointed Percy Henderson
Chief Wharfinger, to succeed George W.
Root, who retires to become Clerk of the ■
Supreme Court.
S. K. Friedlander and Charles Kohl
eaa.t. vice president and secretary respec
tively c£ the . Mutoscope Company, ad
dressed the board and requested to be al
lowed to place their nickel-in-the-slot ma- '■■
chines in the new fe.rry depot. Colnon, ■:
the great ebstructor, was opposed to the
granting of the request, but the matter
Tent over till the next meeting of the :
board.
Bids for furnishing three rooms in the
engineer's department were opened, and
Andrew Wilkie, being the lowest bidder, '
was awarded the contract for $445.
The Ship Owners' and Merchants' Tug
Boat Company asked for needed repairs
on the Vailejo-stre^t wharf, which was
referred to the Chief Wharfinger.
J. L. Fraser', one of the superintendents
of the Southern Pacific Company, sent
a communication, In which he complained
of the poor service given by Night Yard
master Goodrich and Assistant Denny in
loading the beat at Lombard-street wharf.
The board will investigate the case on
Thursday morning.
The North Pacific Coast Steamship
Company made a request for the con
struction of a waiting room and office at
Vallejo-street whsxf. and this was also
referred to the Chief Wharfinger.
THBZE DAMAGE STJITS.
Damages Are Sought for Death and
Serious Injuries.
William K. Hays filed suit yesterday ;
against, the Market Street Railway Com- j
pany to recover $10,030 damages for per-
Eonal injuries. The plaintiff avers that on {
August 10 last, while he was a passenger i
on one of defendant's cars, the car was j
run so close to a vehicle that -he was |
.struck and Beverely injured. Hence the ;
suit.
Charles L. Taylor al?o filed suit against :
the -Market Street Railway Company to
recover damages for personal injuries. He j
allege that- on September 2. 1298, while \
he was working in a ditch between the I
rails he was struck by a car and suffered j
a fracture of the nose and various other j
injuries. He asks for $15,000 damages.
Louis Hayden has sued the Pacific Roll- j
ing Mills Company to recover $25,000 dam- ■
ares for the death of his son. Clarence!
Haydan. who was run over and killed byj
one of defendant's drays on Third street, ;
near Perry, on May 31 of this year.
PISTOLZSI WANTS A WRIT.
His Action Against the Election
Commissioners Continued.
The application of L. C. Pistolesi for a
writ of mandate to compel the Board of
Election Commissioners to count the
votes given htm for the office of Superior
Judge for the unexpired term, came up
for hearing before Judge Hebbard yester
day. Pistolesi's attorney made an appeal
for the Immediate count of the votes in
order that his client might enjoy the hon
or of the office for a few days. Garret
McEnerney, who appeared for the board.
stated that some of his clients had been
eerved on a legal holiday and as the peti
tion had Just been placed in his hands
he asked time in which to file an answer.
For this reason a continuance was grant
ed until this morning.
Want to Be Lawyers.
The Supreme Coart U vetting ready to
; xisp .another Jot of lawyers. There
gbt applicants for admis
' ■ ' rti of the '.and
xaminers of the
■i Brirt. The
and will
c concluded 'until to-n "ing
elieved'. that the big majority of th
- and receive their
Died of Her Burns.
Fannie' Kelly, the woman who was se
verely, burned on Christmas ere by the
upsetting of a glass coal oil lamp, died
on Monday night at the HcNutt Hospital
from her injuries. An inquest has been
Waived.
SUPPLYING PROVISIONS IN MIDOCEAN.
The British sh • 3an Francisco, met the American ship Clarence ?. Bement in
:• U north - The oai I t signaled that he was short t, so tl
•la was hove to, a boat lowered and a bountiful supply of ships' bread and ca: I - la put aboard.
COLONIAL FAIR
TO BE HELD
IN THIS CITY
Mechanics' Institute
Formulating Plans.
TO ASK GOVERNMENT AID
WILL EXHIBIT RESOURCES OF
PHILIPPINES AND CUBA.
Appointment of a Special Commis
sion to Make Collections in Oar
New Possessions for the
Exposition.
Preliminary plans are now being Corn -
by the Mechanics' I
ng of a. gi-- ; U -;al Fair at the
■ '. - ; :em
ber, 1599, to continue for a perk -
moot! -
The fair will be entirely confined to
the exhibition of the resources of our
newly acquired possessions, the Philip
pines and Cuba, and will also Include
those of the countries of Central America
contiguous to the proposed Nlcaraguau
canal. ' * ;■:.
THe Intended exposition will be one of
such magnitude, and at this opportune
time of so great national interest, that
the aid of the United States Government
will be invoked, and this it is believed
will be forthcoming. Congress will be
asked to appropriate a sum sufficient to
cover the appointment of a special com
mission who will visit the colonies men
tioned and make collections of every de
scription for purpose of exhibition in
other countries. Provision will also
be made for the transportation of
the collections, and also of the natives
required for the purposes intended.
The undertaking' la much too gTeat for
the Mechanics' Institute to bring its suc
cessful accomplishment about unaided.
The proposition of governmental aid is
not a new one. and the instance i.- cited
of the Philadelphia Museum in Pennsyl
vania, a private institution partly sup
ported by the State. Congress has ap
propiated $350,000 for a commission which
has been sent to China and Japan to
study Oriental commercial conditions,
with a view of bringing about substan
tial results. While so large a sum will
not be required for the commission to our
new colonies. Still the expense would be
too great to be borne by a single institu
tion. The argument that the proposed
colonial exposition will be national in
character will, no doubt, be effectual in
enrolling the a: I of Congress.
E. A. Denicke. president of the Me
chanics' Institute, Is enthusiastic In re
gard to the movement on foot, and in an
interview last night said:
"The idea of a colonial fair originated
with th* Mechanics' 'institute, but we
realize that the plans cannot have suc
cessful fruition without outside aid. In
order to get governmental support we arc
especially desirous of enlisting the assist
ance of the commercial bodies of this city.
I refer to such organizations as the
Chamber of Commerce. Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association, Associated
Industries, Board of Trade and other kin
dred bodies. In a few days communica
tions will be sent to them, setting forth
our Intention and views on the subject
and requesting their earnest co-opera
tion.
"We have already begun preliminary
work by writing letters to Lieutenant
Perry Hayne. of the State University.
who is now In Manila making researches
into the agricultural and viticultural pos
sibilities of that country. The intention
is to get - me one to collect material and
data that will be of us- 1 in future investi
gations. A Mr. Cole, who is also in Man
ila, has been similarly addressed.
"In this connection I will say that we
would like to engage the moral support of
the University of California, for we be
lieve it would be invaluable.
"As to where the fair will be held, I
judge the Mechanics' Pavilion to be the
most available place, but in the event of
it proving too small, we have a large lot
at Seventeetnh and Folsom streets which
I am sure will meet all requirements.
"The resources at Cuba and the Philip
pines are almost unlimited and an exposi
tion of them would be of great value in
enterprises looking forward to their devel
opment. We would also exniblt the na
tives in their mode of life and their na
tional characteristics. We are sure that
the Colonial Fair will attract widespread
interest." ___________
WATERHOUSE DIED INTESTATE
His Widow and Son Petition for Let
ters of Administration.
Amelia A. Waterhouse. widow of the
late Columbus Waterhouse, who died on
November 25 at the Big Dipper mine.
lows Hill, and Edson W. A. Waterhouse,
htt son, applied for letters of administra
:pon the estate of the deceased
-day. In the petition it is stated th.it
due of the estate is unknown, except
that it exceeds JIO.'XX). It consists of the
homes * he deceased on Howard
street, near Eighteenth, a lot In the Ma
sonic Cemetery -ate in Fresno
mining property in Nevada
Count*- , real estate In Mendoclno County
THE SAN FTC AS CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 2S, IS9B.
and | listing of stocks
.
ot.
Xt of kin are: Amelia a.
- : ' '' . A.
-
L>i:rri. a . -
-
RUSSIAN 2JVER FISHING.
Several Woi'kmen Are Now Digging
a Canal at the River's MotitL.
Local anglers are looking forward with
much interest to the expected heavy
run of steelheads into Russian River.
On Monday the North Pacific Coast Rail
road Company dispatched a gang of
twenty men to 'Duncans Mills, from
: which place they will racy to the
mouth of Prussian River and attempt to
cut a canal through the immense pile of
sand that obstructs the passage of game
fishes into the river. It will take sev
eral days of hard labor before success will
! crown the efforts of the workmen, who
■ are under orders to remain at the river's
mouth until they complete their task.
Schools of steelheads are in the ocean
waiting for a heavy rain to raise the river
and give them a chance to reach the
spawning beds. The sea lions have also
congregated in large numbers near the
river's mouth, and are destroying many
valuable food fishes, but when the bar
|is once open there will be in immense
run of large trout into the river, and the
anglers will th«n rejoice at the grand
I sport that will await them.
i The Fish .Commissioners will order two
: Deputy Commissioners to Duncans Mills
immediately when they learn of the ca
i nat being completed, and :: will behoove
ail net fishermen to have a care, as
1 heavy fines will be meted out to those
who may be taken before the courts this
year for illegal fishing.
Two anglers who returned yesterday
from the big river in Mendoclno County
report having had grand fishing. They
stated that steelheads are running into
the river in large number • and that they
take a spoon in grand fashion.
Selling Liquor to Boys.
A r IS sworn c
Judge Conlaa's court for the
'•John Doe" in a charge of sei
aors. The warrant b i the
disgusting exhi: : J Ken
nedy, the boy who was found v
trunk Sa; a I was
spttaL
The saloon where th<» boy and his two
Ford and F -
- was at 1430 Corbett
aven . by John P. Driston, but
as the poi: * sure as to whether
the warrant »^. ■ - John Doe"' one.
JACKIES FEASTED
AND ENJOYED
Seamen's Institute Entertains the Marine
Sailors of the Future.
THOSE juvenile Jackies, the little brass-buttoned cadets of the En
glish merchantmen in the harbor, piped to Christmas dinner at the
Seamen's Institute, 33 Steuart street, last evening. It was a change
from the saline horse, the ironbound biscuit, and the dandyfunk
pudding with the tarry treacle sauce of the ship's pantry to real
turkey convoyed with real, red cranberries, roast beef like unto that of
Old England, and plum pudding that called up sweet Vuletlde memories of
the family table at home.
There were over »X> of those marine apprentices, with the houseflags of
such sea-fabrics as Falls of Clyde. Falls of Annandale. Ccottlsh Hills.
Norma and Cromdale on their blue capa. A British merchant apprentice is
not such a glorious young ocean princeling as his sea-brother the cadet
of the Royal Navy, but he absorbs more practical seamanship in a much
shorter length of time and will be ready for a captain's biuet sooner.
The dinner and musical exercises last evening were a part nf the enter
tainment of the holiday week given at the institute for the young fellows.
Rev. S. Hewett Fullerton. the chaplain, assisted by a number of the lady
patrons of the organization, carried out the arrangements. The evening
festivities closed with a concert in which the vocalists of the different ships
sang their ocean melodies to piano accompaniment.
WORK BEGUN ON THE
DONAHUE FOUNTAIN
MAYOR PHELAN TAKES A CON-
TRACT TO ERECT IT.
Interesting Story of the Series of
Kinks Which Have Delayed
the Work.
There has been much speculation re
garding the cause of the delay on the
fountain which is to be erected at Bush,
| Batter] and Market streets in memory
lof the late James Mervyn Dor.ah:.. and
' some odd stories have been put in circula
tion regarding it. but through the tnter
• position of Mayor Phelan work will be
I begun at once.
i The story of the delays as told by Peter
; McGlynn, one of the executors of the es
| tate, is as follows: "Mr. Donahue died in
• ISSO, and among other bequests left $23,000 j
: for the erection of a fountain. The estate j
j was tied up in the courts for some years, j
' but the £5,000 was finally turned over to j
J the executors. Then came a discussion
i retrardinsr sculptors, but it was finally !
! decided that as the money was made in |
I California it should be spent in Califor
! nia, and Douglas Tilden was instructed
! to submit models to A. F. Matthews, ar-
c hitect for the estate. About seven
j months more were consumed in prepar- !
: Ing models, and last spring one was ac- i
j cepted. !
. "Then came the real hitch. Mr. Til- j
| den refused to go on /with, the work uv.- !
i less payments were made ■.a it progressed, j
'and Mr. Bergin' and myself had no au- !
j thority to make these payments. It is |
i all right to do this on a building but
I should anything happen to an artist which
j w-ould prevent him from finishing his work
! personally all would be lost.
"Mayor Phelan finally came to the res
cue. He agreed to take a contract to
erect the fountain, and a week ago we •
! paid him $24,500. Mr. Tllden will begin
I work at once, and Mr. Phelan wili make !
! the payments when necessary. Of course,
i should the statue be left partly finished
; through any accident Mr. Phelan will
lose personally what he has paid oat. as
I he has agreed to erect the fountain."
: ue Salt Water Baths,
Bush *nd Larkia tts. Swimming. Russian, hot
and cold tub Ischs. Saltwater direct £rom ocean.
Again Elected President.
The annual meeting of the Board of
Fire Commissioners was held yesterday,
whf-n George T. Bohen was "re-elected'
president.
JUDGE BELCHER
AGAIN STOPS
SCHOOL JOBS
No More Transfers or
Promotions.
THE INJUNCTION AMENDED
THE COUBT'S DECISION WILL
BE EENDEBED TO-DAY.
The • Directors Are Concocting a
Scheme to Bun Things Through
at the Eleventh.
Hour.
Judge Belcher will decide at 10 o'clock
this morning whether or not he will main
tain the injunction he has issued against
the Board of Education, and among- the
wise ones of the School Directorate the
tip has already gone that his decision will
not go a long way toward making possible
their scheme to stuff the lists with thirty
new teachers.
The attorneys for Mark Lane, the plain
tiff in the suit against the board, have
taken every precaution to put their in
junction beyond the reach of legal techni
cality or quibble. Yesterday morning a
fresh paper was served upon every one of
the Directors. It was an amendment to
the original document, and covered all of
the points to which the board's attorneys
took exception on Saturday, when they
made their argument. It contained the
original warning that no more teachers
be employed and no schools abolished, and
besides enjoined the board from making
either transfers or promotions.
Just what action will be taken in the
face of these two injunctions the board
has not yet decided, nor will it until
Judge Belcher hands down his decision.
One thing, however, it Is resolved upon,
and that is that Judge Belcher's ultima
tum wili not be ignored, not until the
last day of the board in office.
A plan was progressing yesterday to put
through every job on hand the last day in
office, but the advice of Attorney Samuels
prevailed, and the scheme was dropped
and it is likely that if the decision ren
dered by Judge Belcher this morning is
against the boaru it will end the schemes
of the present regime.
To-day's meeting will be the last reg
ular session of the board, though it will
meet on Saturday night to adjourn sin*
die.
A WORTHY BENEFIT.
Assistance to Be Extended Cham
bermaids of the Baldwin Hotel.
The big- performance to be given on the
29th by Manager Thaii of the Alcazar
Theater is not to be for the benefit of the
California Waiters' Association after all.
but for the fourteen chambermaids who
were burned out of their homes and all
possessions by the big Baldwin fire.
They are the young women who were
quartered up near th? cupola of the hotel
and they only escaped the flames with
their lives. Their clothing, their furni
ture and their savings from years of the
hardest work were all sacrificed In the
mad race for the fire, escapes and life
lines. Three of the unfortunates were
badly injured and are still at the hospital.
Three more of them climbed down the
ladders to rind that through their gallant
rescue of two women on the firth floor
they had become heroines. The others
found safety, but nothing more. Through
all the city there is no work to be had,
and the condition of a number of the suf
ferers has become pitiable.
The proposition to give them a sub
stantial benefit was first suggested by
the Wait' : - Association, and when a del
egation called upon Manager Thall he
took hold of their scheme with enthusi
asm, and he is arranging for one of the
biggest productions that the popular Ai
cazer has ever attempted. The sale of
seats will be duly announced.
TORE HER SEALSKIN COAT.
Madeline Forrest Swears Out a War-
rant for the Arrest of Trixey
Colenian.
Madeline Forrest is an actress In the
Olympia. and she has a grievance against
Trixey Coleman, another variety actress.
Yesterday Madeline swore out a warrant
in Judge Mogan's court for the arrest of
Trix-v on the charge of malicious mid
chief.
Madeline and Trixey are friends, but
they happened to bestow their affections
upon the same young man. Sunday night
the two friends happened to be in "Spi
der" Kelly's saloon, and they came to an
understanding in a certain way about
their mutual friend. Trixey got mad and
in her bellicose condition she grabbed
hold of Madeline's sealskin coat and tore
it into ribbons.
Will of Malaskia S. Walsh.
The wHI Of Malaskia S. Walsh, who died
on the 22d tnst. . was filed for probate yes
■■■. The testatrix provides for the
maintenance of Charles Cochran of Palo
Alto during his life, bequeachs four 5 per
cent bonds to Rev. Father P. E. Mulligan
of St. Mary's Cathedral and devises the
residue of her estate, with the exception
few gifts of personal belongings, to
; iret Maher and Mary McDermott,
---in-iaw of the deceased, who reside
in the State of lowa.
Prince of Flim-Flammera.
- M-.ilvpy, who is credited by the
police with being the "prince of flim
rlammers." and who has served a num
ber of terms in the County Jail and 3an
Quentin for his trickery, was sent to trie
County Jail for six months by Judge Mo
gan yesterday. Saturday nig-ht he went
Into a Japan-se store a- :„ Farrell
street and ma 1^ a small purchase. He
successfully played his trick upon the
Japanese, who notified the police.
. AMUSEMENTS.
COMEDY JTHEATER.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
The Beautiful Comedy Drama,
A ROMANCE OF
COON HOLLOW!
(I V* T^ The Magnificent Scenic Effects.
X L L Ta " Great Steamboat Race.
. 1 1 iI \ The Cotton Press in Operation.
\JXjU Th« Whirlwing Buck Dancers.
The Same Splendid Production and Excellent I
Cast as given at the Fourteenth-street
Theater, New York.
NOTE— This is not a colored organization,
but an "Idyll of the Tennessee Hills."
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Prices 13*. 25c, 35c. 500
Matinees....^ 15c and 23a
SEATS NOW SELLING.
COMMENCING MONDAY MATINEE. Jan. I.
OTT BROTHERS in "ALL ABOARD."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mr*. Ernestine Kreling. Proprietor and M«r.
DON'T MISS
OUR SUCCESSFUL HOLIDAY SPECTACLE
THTyELLOW dwarT
. . ■ -
A Deliffht for Young and Old!
EVERY EVENING.
- MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2P. M.
SPECIAL MATINEE NEW TEARS DAY.
Monday. January 3d. 13D3.
POPULAR PRICES.. ....23c and OOc
N. B.— A reserved seat for the Matinee 2Sc.
Our Telephone, Buah 9.
SECURE YOUR SEATS IS ADVANCE.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ___. ■_-.-:-
DO YOU GET UP
WITH ALAME BACK?
11l v — - 1
l[ | ' h,j \// jw. *jl | 'I'/// 7 ////// lI It /'/■/// /////■
Do You Have Rheumatism?
| Are You Sleepless, Nervous, Irritable?
| Kidney Trouble Makes You Miserable.
SWAMP-ROOT Is the Great Remedy for Kidney, Bladder and
Uric Acid Troubles. — To Prove Its Wonderful Merits, You
May Have a Sarople Bottle Sent FREE by Mail.
Weil people have healthy kidneys. i
You are in no danger of being sick if ,
you keep your kidneys well.
They filter your b'ood. keep it pure
and free from disease-breeding ge
V :■• -?ans may need care, but
your .-. i most because they do !
most.
If you are sick, begin with your kid- ■
neys. beca - n sas they are well ;
they will help aii the other organs to '
health.
The trea- rrt f some diseases may
be delayed without danger, sot M with
kidney dis
Swamp -Root is the gxe •. ry of
Dr. Kiimer. the eminent kidney and"
I t specialist, and is a genuine
specific with wonderful heailng action
on the kidn-y>.
It will be found by both men an ":
men just lrhat : n aii ca.-
kidney and bladder disorders, lame
back, dull pain or a''he in the back,
', catarrh of the bladder, rheuma-
tism, sciatica, neuralgia, uric acid
troubles and Brighfs disease, which is
the worst form of neglected kidney
trouble.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA_THEATER
RECORD UP TO DATE.
Three Performances.
Three ''Standing Room Only" Audiences.
W. H. WEST'S
Bis Minstrel Mite,
Offering the Greatest Programme of the Decade.
EXTRA. '
"TAKE YOUR HAT OFF."
WILLIE COLLIER
Is Coming Next MONDAY In
THEMAN FROM MEXICO.
■ "THAT'S RIGHT." t ___
Olltoiia theater
THIS WEEK ONLY-OVATION ENGAGE- '■
MENT.
The Young American Tragedienne,
NANCE O'NEIL,
And an Augmented Company.
TO-NIGHT LAST TIME
MAC DA
M. ¥1 <M^» iLzE&r M"U.
THURSDAY NIGHT
First Production by Nance O'NeU of Urn
Great Romantic Drama,
"guy /VIANNERING."
Miss O'Neill as the Gypsy, Meg Merrlllles. j
Saturday Matinee— "lNGOMAß."
Sunday Night— The Realistic "Oliver Twist." j
MOROSCO'S GRAND
' altx3 iloaoico, Sole Lessee and itacagsa
Week of Dec. ■ IS3B.
Farewell Performances of:
THE MOROSCO STOCK COMPANY ■
IN
The White Squadron
Next Week— Engagement Extraordinary— the I
Great
HI HENRY MINSTRELS
At the Regular Prices.
10c, 28c and 50e.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
...OLYMPIA...
Eddy St.. Cor. Mason.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall
ONLY FREE THEATER ON THE PACIFIC
" COAST PLAYING EASTEP.N STARS.
NOTE THE GREAT NEW ARRIVALS.
LAURA ASH BY.
World Famous Equilibrist.
KELLY AND VIOLETTE,
New "Coon " Sengs.
THREE LEA.NDRO BROS.,
Sensational Acrobats.
Continued Success of th«
Great CONCH ITA,
Singing Soubrett*.
'LAST WEEK OF
EMILY SCHiENDLE,
Australian Aerial Wonder.
MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION FREE.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year j
If your water when allowed to remain
undisturbed for twenty four hours,
forms a sediment or settling or has a.
cloudy appearance, it is evidence that
md biadder need imme-
diate attention.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root correct*
inability to hold water and promptly
overcomes that unpleasant necessity of
being compelled to go often during thfc
' day and to get up many times during
the night.
The way to be well Is to pay attention
to your kidneys.
To take Swamp-Root when you ar«
suffering C - Red kidneys.
This prompt, mtid and wonderful rein-
; edy is easy to get at the drug stores,
in 50-c<?nt or Jl bottles.
To prove for yourself its merits, you
may have a sampie bottle, and a book
ibout it, both sent abso-
free by man.
The great discovery. Swamp-Root, is
; so remarkabiy successful that bur read-
ers are advised to write for a free sam-
ple bottle, and to kindly mention the
San Francisco Daily Call when send-
ing their addresses to Dr. Kiimer- &
Co., Binghamton. N*. Y.
AMTTSE2EENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY, WED. DEC. 13.
Parquet, any seat. Me; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c. any part.
MONS. AND MME. ROFIX,
World's Greatest Chin Balancer
FILAR MORIN. ROSE ETTINGE AND
CLEMENT BAINBRIDGE
In the Rearing Farce, "THAT OVERCOAT"
GEORGE FULLER GOLDEN. -'Casey'*
Friend." with New Stories
P.ILEY AND HUGHES. Blackface Artists.
JULIUS P. WITMARK. Vocalist.
RAPPO SISTERS. Russian Dancers.
HORACE GOLD IN, Illusionist.
THE THREE LUKINS. Acrobats.
MERKELL SISTERS. Equilibrists.
ORPHEUM— EXTRA.
SAN FRANCISCO SY.MPfIONY SOCIETY.
FRITZ 6CHEEL, Musical Director.
THURSDAY AFTERNOON. Dec. 39. 3:15.
Programme Includes:
Overture, "Lenora." No. 3 Beethovea
"Scotch Symphony" Mendelssohn
Prices. 73c, $1 00 and Jl 30.
Seats Now on Sale at Orpheum.
AT (~* \ nr A y\ SEATS BTPHOS3
ALUAZ/AK Main 254.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
HOYT'S
MIDNIGHT
BELL!—
L. .R. Stock-well as the Deacon.
jgg; PRICES jgf-
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA »JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting IS3S-D3. beslnnin? TUESDAY
Dec. 2T, to SATURDAY, Jan. 7, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK,
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thun-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at 2:15 p. m.. Sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Frincisco at 12 m. »ad
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2. . M and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
Track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell M>ur 1.
Returning — Trains leave th« Track at 4 .'»
and 4:42 p. m. and immediately after last race.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
' R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
CONCERTS AND 3ESCET*.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
TUESDAY AND THURSDAY EVENINGS
and SATURDAY MATINEE. Jan. 3. 5. T.
ROSENTHAL!
THE WORLD'S GREATEST PIANIST.
Under the direction of HENRY WOLFSOHN.
Prices. 11. 12 and $". Sale of Seats at
Sherman, Clay & Ca.'a.
STEINWAY PIANO USED. •8
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver lower.
Wheat advanced.
Barley nominal.
Oats and Corn firm.
Rye quiet.
Flour unchanged. v:,'. ;
. , Bran ami Middlings advanced. '
Free receipts of Hay.
Beans and Seeds dull.
itati <.- lower. Onions eteady.
Butter weaker. Eggs and Cheese steady.
.'. Three cars of Eastern Poultry In.
,'. , ■ Game about the sumo.
V£ ■ Fruit dull. \ ..
:.".•.-•••• Dried fruit stagnant.' <■
:•':•;■. ..7 Lard expected to advance again.
*•'•,' '. 'Wool, Hops and Hides quiet.
!..■".:■ .M-.jt market unchanged. . ;
;-..'. •..."0i15 as before.
T. "'">!• -.Coffee" the same.
I:-. : -.\U increased imports of specie.
t.'*,i"fr:%: ■ IMPORTS OF specie.
-•'••' 'ViTfmports of specie at this port during the first
:';'.v v <'ieveri. jttonths of the year' were $32,359,719,
'■.:".■- '■.•«jfa i Vis.t \ $11V32!>,549 during, the same time last ]
•;:' ".'jy^V;- and consisted of $2,604^61 in gold bullion,
•'.: 51'.'j:o;^<5 in Kohl coin, ■ 282,252 in .silver bullion
'.■•V.:>uiid .-■;.. coin. The lion's share of !
'• ■ ■"•.these : imports..- ■;;■■ from Australia in the ■
:.'■■: -iiVcitV of $24,237,278 Jn gold coin. Japan sent!
5 ..-..-. ■.•..■! Mexico $2.:44,739. •
';.;=.. ; : NEW STORK DRIED FRUIT MARKET.
f'/' "■.Th'e'.Kew.Y.Ork Commercial says:
• ;\' r .'-..':T)ieie,'.«trV'no new features, though it has
(■-.. -,i: i "that .a deal is "in progress here,' |
■.'. Vwhjcii. '.when completed, will show that |
\V splriethihg-.-'has been doing all the -time. On |
>: tivfe coast (Ji^triti.UUv'e- request is light, and the j
'•'. 'market "is. 'more. 1 or- less ' controlled by specu
■'■ ■ U'ttt'j'rs.;. They an 1 trying' to ■force prices down I
V'/'-ii-V but uridex- encouraging advices from the j
' ■:■■ "East holdere ate indifferent, and accept no
.■.■jirnposltiorf '"e'xcej)t at full prices, the state
•■" iheuts: that Eastern buyers, will take larger ;
■ BU] lilies' as 'soon as st\ : *ckta-king is over serv
':'.' Ing to keep the market steady,- and holders firm |
'.' in their : views. '. -• - -
''. ■"'.•Prunes- are .generally quiet.. under small j
consuming demand. Lacgc sizes • from the ,
\ I North West are no longer ' obtainable, and sup- j
. ' plit-s in some sections of California, are about j
.- exhausted. This creates a firm feeling, which I
'■■ wllf- probably develop into ' increase in prices I
- aft'ir. the quiet of the closing year is over.
. :•. "Apricots are steady, but holders are firm ;
•;• '..anil: rip concessions are obtainable. Spot sup
■.>• pljes are dinall, concentrated and holders little i
'.; "iin-lirted to shade quotations to secure busl- !
■'■-.' iip's's;. On the coast royals are quoted at 10',i@
..'•'•.';Jif^s'cj .-Mftiiri'iarks, 13'jc.
■/.'l;;.— ; ;jpefiches move slowly. Prices are high and
:i5-* v dert>an'd Is light. Spot supplies are small and
V> :lTi Jfew hands. AH holders are firm, and buy
;-/-.ers show no interest. Consequently, trading is
>. •'.'.' fnjflH^' On the coast prices are firm, and hold
' : ■•'■it-rs "tit first liand stocks make no concessions. j
:•■'.'. CJioix-e are quoted at 74<", and few of any i
'..'••;<%UneT; pr.ide are jirocurable.
•' r-'.. i' ■-- are steady, 1 but demand is compar- i
.: ' atlyely. fight Prices on the coast range around
: ••;*?.gc for sliced and 6Vsc for quarters.
..--'i- '.The situation in raisins, while it has cer- j
.;•.-.• -.tail) critical features, is practically unchanged. i
• '■' '.There are numerous accusation-s of incorrect or
fraudulent marking or packing, whichever It
may be, but It appears to have injured the :
..'.•■ trade but little. If persisted in it would be a
;'--fcerlouK offense, but the association is to take
.', vigorous measures to protect distributors from
such methods, and it will probably be stamped
'.'■■■ out. A combination of unfavorable conditions i
•'• ■ is causing some slight weakness in the market,
■ .but decline in price is only fractional, go far. .
' Supplies on the spot and on the coast are too
liKht to permit any considerable reduction, and, j
: -: : Jf -anything is lost, it will be regained as soon '
'• Vas the ring demand begins!" . j
/•■' •■;•••■ WEATHER REPORT.
: .'• ' . ■. " 'n2f>th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
i. _•,- .;•■ SAX FRANCISCO. Dec. 27. 5 p. m.
i ' -■• The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
dot.- as compared with those of the same date
:'.'•- last season, and rainfall in past twenty-four
' 1. hits:
"'•".," ■•■;■ . Last This Laat
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
-..Eureka 0.00 9.87 15.48
•.• : .,Re<l Bluff 0-.CO 3. 51 6.08
. •"•Sacramento 0.00 3.72 4.38
':■■ ■ 6an Francisco 0.00 3.99 4.07
- Fret-no 0.00 1.52 1.89
• San Luis Obispo ....... 0.00 1.34 1.58
Is.a Angeles 0.00 0.24 2.53
• .Fan Diego 0.00 1.09 1.41
■ :.:,Yuma 0.00 1.32 0.81
••;■ WEATHER CONDITIONS AND general,
FORECAST.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
6 V . minimum, 43; mean, 52.
An area of high pressure still continues cen
tral in Utah. A moderate depression hag
. moved northeastward from the Pacific Ocean
Into the eastern portion of British Columbia
during the last twelve hours. It has caused
rain in Washington and Oregon and light snow
In Idaho. Cloudy weather extends southward
as far as Cape Mendocino and light showers
are expected on the extreme northern California
• coast to-nfght. Fog is approaching the coast
from the westward.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. December 28, IS9S:
For Northern California — Partly cloudy
Wednesday with fog along the coast; brisk
northwest wind.
For Southern California— Fair Wednesday;
llKht variable winds.
For Nevada— Partly cloudy Wednesday.
For Utah — Partly cloudy Wednesday.
For Arizona— Generally fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Wednesday, probably foggy In the morning;
fresh northwest wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpais— Partly
cloudy; wind northwest, 10 miles; temperature,
€•; maximum temperature, 60.
W.H. HAMMON, Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27. — Stocks were strong
and higher to-day with business well dis
tributed. The lmi>rovement In railway quo
was from 1 to 2 points generally and
Greater in the specialties. Shifting of
ative accounts and profit-taking wore at
■.sible lor fluctuations downward,
but the tune throughout was confident. Among
the many reasons to account for this were fa
vorable traffic r^ii'irts for the third week In
ttber, especially St. Paul, where the
gross increase was over $175,000; Saturday's
nank statement, the North Dakota de
cision In favor of the railways and continued
In the money market. Moreover, the
advance In Am>ri ans in London had a stimu
lating effect, although later there was moder
leiling from that quarter on advances
here. There was a continuation of the ten
to discount January dividend dlsburse
. a larger proportion of which will re
main in this country than hitherto, because of
•■■ Large blocks of Internationals
rty owned abroad. The Grangers were
more largely traded in than of late, at advanc
ing iTices, H..ek Island making an extreme ad
vance of 3 points, St. Paul IV Burlington 1*
and the .others a point each. Many orders, ac
cumulated over the holidays, were received to
buy at the market and caused a wideopenlngln
''an Steel and Wire
about eight points each and re
tained the- Kr^ater i>art of the advance. Fed-
Steel also, both common and preferred.
■ r two points and eased off some
what. People's Gas and Brooklyn Transit
very strong, the latter on the theory that
there would-be an announcement in January
nf the consolidation of competing lines. Sugar
refiniriK was m exception to the general
•h, because of the reported compllca-
In the trade, due to sales direct to the
rs l>y the Independent companies, and a
tlon -in the jirice of the refined article.
The stock lost about three points at the open-
Ing, rallied pliphtly and closed a little above
the lowest. Several of the minor Industrial
Ft->'i-ialties displayed strength. especially
••: preferred and Lead. Oth^r stock's
whose advances attracted attention were N ,r
tolk an.! Western. Pittsburg. ( \ C. C and St
Louis, the Pacific Metropolitan Street Hall
way and Bay State Gas. The closing wan
fir ag, hlightly under the best, aggregate
transactions having reached nearly a million
i.ii.l'shing the largest total for th* year
The bond market tended strongly upward
the Inquiry embracing a marked variety of la
' ■ ■;I substantial improvement!*. Total
pales. fS.ISO.OOO. fnlted States 3s advarv
m the hid price.
Total salt-s of stocks to-day, 951.300 share* In
cluding 7500 Atchison, 32.4f,ij do preffrred 4445
Central Pacific, 17,210 Burlington. 10.SS0 Dem'er
an<l Rio Gran.de preferred. 10.100 Louisville and
Nashville. 6SOO Metropolitan, 13.130 Missouri
Pacific MOO Missouri. Kansas and Texas pre
ferred, 43.0J0 Northern Pacific. 17,020 do pre
ferred, 39,<;2i) Rock iFland. IT.CiOO Union Pacific.
63.000 St. Paul, 17,000- Texas and Pacific, to Oofl
Steel. 27.020 do preferred. 2F1.020 People's Qaa
(eneral Electric, 9727 Lead, 12 720 Pacific
Mail, 17,000 SuKar. 16,300 Leather. 39.010 do pre
ferred. 6400 Rubber, 3430 St. I»uis and Sin
Francisco. W.TW Chicago and Great Western
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison IS»4 St Louis & S F... 8%
Do prefd..... 61% Do prefd.... 66V
Baltimore & Ohio. 69% Do 2d prefd 84
Canada Pacific... 83 St Louis & 8 W.. 714
Canada Southern.. IS% Do prefd 1715
Cent Pac 414 St Pau1...... u»%
dies & Ohio 2514 Do prefd..... 165« i
Chi & Alton 169% St P & Om 91U
Chi B& Q ...124% Do prefd 168
Chi & E 111 5S So Railway 10«
Do prefd.- 110 I Do prefd.... 42
Chi G "W 164 Texas & Pacific.... 19U
Chi Ind & L 7% Union Pacific 43%
Do prefd 32 Do prefd. 74U
Chi & N W 142% U P D & G 12%
Do prefd 187% Wabash ga£
C C C & St L..... 44 Do prefd 28
Do prefd 96 Wheel &L E »
Del & Hudson 104 Do prefd 27"4
Del L & W 147 Express Companies—
Dm & Rio G...... Adams Ex 108
Do profri 70'^! American Ex 144
Erie (new) 14% United States 52
Do Ist prefd 37% Wells Fargo 123 -'
Ft Wayne 17." j Miscellaneous — '
Gt Nor prefd. ......139*; A Cot Oil 3314
Hockinz Val 3V | Do prefd.......... HU
Illinois Cent 114% Am 5pirit5......... 13»i
Lake Erie & W.... 22% Do prefd... 37%
Do prefd 74% Am T0bacc0....... 143
Lake Shore 201% Do prefd ....129
Louis & Xaj>h 64% Cons Ga5...........194>4
Manhattan L 97% Com Cable Co 175
Met St Ry 192% Col F & Iron. 32
Mich Cent ill Do prefd 77
Minn & St L 37% Gen Electric 954
Do Ist prefd 99 Haw Com Co 68
Mo Pacific 4514 Intl Paper 62 7 4
Mobile & Ohio 31 I Do prefd 914
Mo X & T 13' i Laclede Gas 51 ' "
Do prefd 37>ii > Lead 35%
X J Central 93 ! Do prefd 113V4
N V Central 1234 Nat Lin Oil B',
it V Chi &St L... M Pacific Mall 45%
Do Ist prefd 70 People's Gas... 1104
Do 2d prefd...... 36 Pullman Pal 150
Nor West is Silver Certificates. 594
No Amer C 0....... 7 (Standard R & T... «'£
No Pacific 43% Sugar ....123%
! Do prefd...... 77% f Do prefd 111*4
Ontario & W is TC & Iron 3S I
Or R & Nay;. ...... 50 US Leather 7%
Or Short. Lln» 43 Do prefd 73%
Pac C Ist prefd.... 82 I" S Rubber 45%
Do 2d prefd 62 Do prefd 11l
Pittsburg ..........173 West -Union 92%
Reading ; j»i^ Federal Steel 49V4
Do Ist prefd 4S Do prefd 834
R G W 26 Or Nay prefd 72
Do prefd 64 Pacific Coast 43%
Rock 151and... .....11414 Colo Southern 7
So Pacific......;.... 33 . I Do Ist prefd 50
St P M & M 172 (Brooklyn R T 76%
CLOSING BONDS.
V S 3s .....107%!N J C us 115% :
I S new 4s reg..,l2SV N Carolina 6s 125 j
Do coup 128«| Do 4s 104 '
U a 4s 111*4 No Pac lsts 118
Do coup 113U 1 Do 3s 69% !
Do 2ds 994 Do 4s Ki2' 2 !
U S 5s reg llfli X V C & St L 45. .106%
D/i 5s coup 11294 1 Nor & W 6s 12S
District 3.65s 118 Northwestern c0n.143^
Ala class A 10S Do deb 5s 119 V.
Do B 108 O Nay lsts 119 - |
Do C 100 O Nay 4s 100%
-Do Currency 100 O S Line 8a tr 130 i
Atchlson 4s 9.<% O S Line 5s tr.. . .111
Do adj 4s 79»* Pacific 6s of i>5....102"£
Can So 2ds linij Reading 4s 56% j
C& O 4'iS 91 RG \V lsts 92*4
Chi T4b 95 St L& I M con 55. 105
C & Ohio 5s 11* St L& S F gen 65. 123
C'H & D 44s 104% St P Con 162".
D& R G lsts MS StPC&P 15t5. ..1214
D & R G 4s 102%| Do 5s 1214
East Term lsts 1074 So Ry 5s 105%
Erie Gen 4s 75% ' Stand R & T 65... S3H
F W & D lsts tr.. S6 , Term new set 35... 974
Gen Kleo 5s 108 iTex Pac L G 15t5. .10314
G H & S A 6s 107 Do Rg 2ds -i 1%
Do 2ds 103 Union Par 4s 104%
H & T C Ps 11l UP D & G lsts.. 88
Do con 6s ...11l Wah Ist 5s 11314
lowa C lsts 106 Do 2ds 95
La new con 4s 10714 W Shore 4s 112%
L & N Uni 45.... 97%) Va Centuries S3
Missouri 6s 100 Do deferred 7%
M X & T 2ds 67% Wls Cent lsts 63H
Do 4s 91 I Colo Southern 45.. 86%
N V Central lsts.. 1174
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar ' 10 Ontario 50
Crown Point 12 Ophir 45
Con Cal & Va 100 Plymouth 10:
Deadwood •- 45 Quicksilver 150 !
Gould & Curry 211 Do prefd 400
Hale & Norcrs 10 Sierra Nevada 70
Homestake 50 00! Standard 2 00 j
Iron Silver 71' Union Con 10
Mexican 28] Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— 1 Do prefd ....63
Call loans 2@3 Ed Elec Tel 195
Time loans 3§4 ! Gen Elec prefd.. 168
Stocks— i Atch prefd 51%
Atch Top & St Fe. IS% Bonds—
Amer Sugar 123?& Atchison 4s 954
Do prefd 1114 Mining Shares-
Bay State Gas 44 Allouez Mm C 0.... 64
Bell Tel 275 Atlantic 314
Boston & Albany.. 24s Boston & M0nt.... 277
Boston & Maine. ..l7o Butte & Boston — r-'
Boston L 524 Calumet & Hec1a..633
Chi Bur & Q 1244 Centennial 30
Fltchburg 107 Franklin 2Ci'i
Gen Electric 96 Osceola 81%
Mexican Central.. 5% Quincy 139
N V & N Eng 99 , Tamarack 177
Old Colony 198 Wolverine X4U
Or Short Line 43 i Parrott 32
Rubber 45 Humboldt C. 24
Union Pac 434 Union Land 10%
West End S9«£ Adventure 9%
Westlngh Elec 38 |
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were stagnant after Christ
mas, except in Americans, which were fairly
active, with narrow fluctuations in the early
hours. A little spurt came with the New York
prices, followed by a pause, but at the close
was active. St. Paul was buoyant on a rumor
that the Credit Lyonnaise and "thf>r Continen
tal establishments were advising their clients
to acquire the stock. Forty thousand pounds
sterling cold In bars was bought by the
bank and 165,000 pounds in bars were sold
for Germany, it Is understood. Germany on
Saturday took 163,000 pounds to-day's Af
rican arrivals in the open market at 77s
ll\d.
', LONDON. Dec. 27.— Canadian Pacific, S7\.
Bar Silver, quiet. 2796 d per ounce. Grand
' Trunk. 7'j. Northern Pacific preferred, 79.
Money, 3#3V<: per cent.
PARIS, Dec. 27.— Spanish fours closed at
! 4S 674.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Dec. 27.— Flour-Receipts. 75.359 j
barrels; exports, 60,897 barrels; strong and j
j higher. Winter patents, $3 75-54; winter
straights; $3 50@3 CO; Minnesota patents, $3 So
<g4 10: winter extras, $2 70<§2 90.
WHEAT— Receipts, 347,425 bushels; exports,
402.140; spot firmer: No. 2 red, So»g f. o. b. •
afloat Options — Opened flrm»r, and responded j
all day to a broadening speculation and bullish j
sentiment. The public and foreign houses were
best buyers, with professionals at times un
loading. Through liquidation the December op
tion lost half Its premium over May and May
closed unsettled. Export trade was light, but
was offset by big and Unexpected visible sup
ply, and December closed very strong at \<ni>
\ViC net advance. March, 77@78, closed 7&c;
May, 73%<574 7 i, closed 74%.
HOPS— Quiet, but firm. State, common to
choice, 1896 crop. 7<SSc; 1897 crop. 11613 c; ISSB
crop, 19@20c: Pacific Coast. 1896 crop 7(gSc;
i 1897 crop, ll<@l3c; 1898 crop, WS2OC.
WOOL— Steady; fleece, 17'522c; Texas, llf?14c.
There was a further stiffening in tin and
lead to-day in the metal market, and the other
departments showed a general undertone on
smaller offerings and broadening Interest on
the part of buyers. News which reached the
market was very encouraging as a rule. The
prospects are that business during the rest of
the week will continue brisk. At the close
the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants firm at 17 50; nom
inal.
LAKE COPPER— Firm, with $12 85 bid and
$13 asked.
TlN— Stronger, with $18 40 bid and $18 60
asked. ■
LEAD— Strong, with $3 85 bid and %?, SO asked
SPELTER— DuII and easy at $5 15; nom
inal.
The firm fixing the settling price for miners
and smelters at the West quote lead at $3 67.
COFFEE— CIosed at 15 to 25 points lower.
Sales, 25,300 bags, including December, $5 55;
January, $5 M'^s 55; February. $5 60; March,
$5 7Cxj|s 80; April. $5 70^5 85; May. $5 IWKJS P5.
Spot Coffee— Rio weak: No. 7 Invoice. 6V". No.
7 Jobbing, 7%c. Mild — Market steady; Cordova
7V"lsc.
SUGAR— Raw dull and Irregular; fair re
fining, 3%c; centrifugal. % test, 4^c; mo!asse6
sugar, 3%c; refined easier.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.-Ca]ifomia dried
fruits steady on all except apples; which re
main dull.
Evaporated apples— Common, 7«jßc; prime
wire tray. S%c; choice, 9@9«4c; fancy, 10c.
Prunes— s@loV4c.
Apricots — Royal, ll@14c; Moorpark. 13f517c.
Peaches— Unpeeled. 9!jfllVic; peeled, is»#2lc.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, TJec. 27. — The state
ment of the visible supply of grain
in store and afloat for the week ending Sat
urday, December 24, as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange 1b as follows:
Increase. Decrase.
I Wheat 28,783,000 1,776,000
Barley 4,144,0u0 25,000
I Corn 18,700,000 547,000
' OatH 5.M7.000 62 000
! Rye 1,831.000 153.000
IMPORTS OF WHEAT.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 27.— Imports into Liver
pool of wheat for the week: From Atlantic
ports, 87,600 quarters: from Pacific ports, none;
from other ports, 1000 quarters.
Receipts of corn from Atlantic ports for the
1 week, 74,500 quarters.
CHICAGO MARKET.
CHICAGO. Dec. 27.— opening in wheat
wet somewhat irregular. May starting un
changed to %c higher at 68%®69Hc All the
-commission houses were apparently plentifully
supplied with large and email buying orders,
but in view of the indifference shown by Liver
pool and the large - receipts here and in the
northwest, the accumulation of three days,
local traders showed some reluctance to go
after wheat at enhanced prices. But the hesi
tation was only temporary. The buying de
mand was so heavy and so well distributed that
it became evident the market was in for a
boom, and traders with wheat for sale with
drew their wheat for the time being. Prices in
consequence Jumped with great rapidity May
getting to 69% c before offerings became heavy
enough to ease the market. Heavy realizing
caused a short setback, the market reacting to
4 ,&68% c. - but the heavy demand continued
and offerings were absorbed so quickly that
buyers were soon compelled to again advance
prices materially before wheat was obtainable.
Not until 70Mic was reached was the advance
stopped. There was nothing in the news to
warrant such an advance, but outside Interest
in the market was so large that It became
local shorts to cover, and many heavy local I
holders Increased their lines. New York re
ported a good Continental demand. A decrease '
on passage of 1,776.000 bushels was reported,
and this fact helped the market late in the I
session. The martlet lost none of its bullishness
in the afternoon. May finally reaching 70% c,
closing strong at 70% c. an advance of ]%c.
Corn was very strong and active in sympathy
with wheat and higher cables. May gained
W?l»«c.
Oats were active and higher. Sympathy with
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1898.
corn and wheat was the main influence. May
closed %c higher. - - * -
Provisions were fully 'as active, as the grain
markets and prices advanced v«fy rapidly. All
classes of ' buyers were in the market and
offerings being moderate some difficulty -was
■ found in -satisfying the demand. Hog receipts
: showed a falling oft. Outsiders led the specu
lation, their buying being heavy all day. The
bullishness of grain markets had more or less
effect on provisions. At the close May pork
was 35c higher, lard 12^c and ribs 15c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. — £
December .........;■ 67 6S 67 68
May ;.. 69H> "0% 6ST4 70%
. July 67% CSTk t>"^i 65 %
Corn No. —
, December 36% 37% 36% 37%
May 374 3914 ■ 37% 39»,i
July ............•.'...* 37% . 39!* 374 39Vi
Oats No. 2— - ■■• '• -, ■■■
May 27% , 2SVi 27* 2S^i
I July 26Mi 27 2ti',4 27
| Mess Pork, per barrel
i January 10 12^ 10 20 10 024 10 20
May 10 33- -10-57H 10 35 10 55
Lard, per 100 pounds-
January 5 35 5 45 6 35 6 45
May .: .555" 570 55 570
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
January 4 90 5 00 4 90 800
May 5 10 6 20 6 10 6 20
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, firm, nominally 10c higher; No. 3
spring Wheat, 63@66V4c; No. 2 red, 70c; No. 2
Corn, 3SUc; No. 2 Oats, 26% (527c: No. 2 white, ]
29@34c; No. 3 white, 28^@29c: No. 2 Rye, 54@ |
■■ ."..">' •• ■; No 2 Barley, f. o. b., 40«?47c; No. 1 Flax- ;
seed, $110; Prime Timothy Seed. $2 30; Mess
' Pork, per barrel, $S 2598 80; Lard, per 100
pounds, $5 30© 5 424: Short Rib Sides, loose.
i U 86@6 10; Dry Salted Shoulders, boxed. 4%©
1 4%c; Short Clear Sides, boxed, $5 10«.". 15;
Whisky, distillers 1 finished goods, per gallon,
i $1 26; Sugar, cut loaf, 5.95 c; granulated, 6.26 c.
Articles— "~ Receipts. Shipments.
. Flour, barrels 83.000 75.000
Wheat, bushels 283.000 65,000 ,
I Corn, bushels 519.000 211.000
Oats, bu.hels 847.000 890,000
Rye, bushels 71.000 20,000
Barley, bushels 174,000 30,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter j
market was steady: creameries, 14-ff2o4c; dair
ies, 124<517c. Cheese, steady; S%@loHc Eggs,
firm; fresh, 22@22Vac.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 1,460,430 62.650
Duluth . 231,895 OT.SM
Milwaukee 241,150 56,300 ,
Chicago 251.H50 65, M
Toledo ..'. 37.011 '•'•"""
st. Louis J27.000 25.000
I Detroit 204.850 8.023
Kansas City 122.500 ",500
Totals 2.706,486 356,550
Tidewater — 142. 233 32.000
Boston 142.233 32.000
New York 437,525 404.141
Philadelphia 106.369 [ 118.436
I Baltimore 179.244 367,924
New Orleans 74.01 1
! Galveston 303,844 93,300
Totals .1,169,215. 1.059.518
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Dec. ' Mar. May.
Opening 5 10Vi 5 84
Closing 5 114 5 10%. 5 BVi
■.•; ■■'.-. ■': "■■■'. PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Dec. Jan.-ADI.
Opening «5 40 45 60
(Closing 45 20 45 25
Opening 20 75 2130
I Closing ■ 20 40 21 15
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Dec. Consols, 110 5-16@110 7-16;
Silver. 27%5; French Rentes, lOlf 80c.
Wheat cargoes on coast, nothing doing;
cargoes on passage, nominal, unchanged; No.
1 Standard California. 30s: English country
i markets, part 6d dearer: wheat and flour on
: passage to United Kingdom, 2,250,000 bush;
: wheat and flour on passage to Continent,
I 1,060,0000 bush; Indian shipments of wheat to
! United Kingdom. 53,000 bush; -Indian shipments
of wheat to Continent, 2000 bush. *'iiV'':
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 27.— Wheat, firm;
wheat in Paris, firm; flour In Paris, dull;
French country markets, quiet; Cotton, up
lands, 3 3-325.
«~>t neivn
LIVERPOOL. Dec. 27.— WHEAT — Futures
closed steady; December 5s 114 d; March. 5s
104 d: May. 5s S'. t d.
CORN*— Spot firm; American mixed, 4s. Fu
tures quiet; March. 3s 10% d; December, 3sll-%d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, Bs.
HOPS— At London (Pacific Coast), dull. £4
15s?(85. ■
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKETS.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Dec. 27.— CATTLE— Receipts to
day were small and buyers slow to take hold.
The range of prices was $5®5 70 for good to
choice steers and $4@4 45 for common grades.
Feeders sold at $3@4 40; Western range steers,
$3 9C@5 50; choice calves, $6<S'6 80; commoner
grade?. $3i@"«; bulls, cows and heifers ranged
from $2@4 50.
HOGS— Buyers were not eager. Sales were at
an extreme range of $3 3Ckg3 70; bulk, $3 50®
3 55; pigs, $303 40.
LAMBS— at $4@5 25; yearlings, $4#4 50
and sheep, $2 23@4 15 for inferior to prime na
tives. Common to prime Western sheep, \i<§
4 10.
Receipts— Cattle, 2500; hogs, 30,000; sheep,
8000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Dec. 27.-CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 7500. Market steady to weaker; native
steers, $3 50(?5 25; native cows and heifers,
$1 75@4 25; stockers and feeders, $2 75<g"4 25;
bulls. *2 60@3 40.
HOGS— Receipts, 13.000. Market weak to 5c
lower. Bulk of sales, ! 1., 45@3 55; heavies,
$3 50-63 60: packers, / $3 45@3 52^; mixed, 340
(£3 50; lights. $3 25,^3 40; pigs. »3@3 30.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000. Market firm; lambs,
$3 60-&5 25; muttons, $2 50@4 25.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Dec. 27. -CATTLE— Receipts, 1800.
Market steady; native beef steers, $4 25<{f5 60:
Western steers, $3 7f>@4 40; Texas steers, $3 60
<S4 10; cows and heifers. $3 / g4; canners. $253;
et"ckere and feeders, $3 30<g4 40; calves, J4@
6 "j; hulls and stags, $2 23<5?3 80.
HOGS— Receipts, 10,600. Market Es lower;
heavy. $3 40<33 45; mixed, S3 42M>(§3 45; light,
$3 4r><S3 50; pigs, J3<g3 40; bulk of sales, $3 42H
@3 45.
SHEEP— Receipts, 800. Market Blow; native
muttons, $3 704i4 30; Westerns. %i 50<{j4 10;
stockers, $2 50®3 50; lambs, $3 75@5.
DENVER.
DENVER, Dec. 27.— CATTLE— Receipts. S00;
market firm to stronger. Beef steers, $3 "><s
4 50; cows, $3<83 50; feeders, freight paid to
river, $3 50^4 25; stockers, freight paid, 13 75®
4 25: bulls, stags, etc., $1 75@2 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 600; market 10®15c higher.
Light packers, $3 45@3 50; mixed, $3 40Q3 45;
.heavy, J3 2Sfi3 35.
SHEEP— Receipts, none; market dull and
lower. Good muttons, fat, $3 5Cg:4; lambs, $4®
4 25.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Dec. 27.— The wool market con
tinued brisk, the week's sales showing over
6,000,000 pounds. The position of the market
for domestic wool Is a steady one and deal
ers are most hopeful of better prices in the
near future. Fleece wools are yet quiet as a
whole, although medium grades are still go
ing well.
Territory wools— Montana fine medium and
fine. 14fa,16c; scoured, 43c; staple, 47<§48c; Utah.
Wyoming, etc., fine medium and fine, 13;j?15c;
scoured, 43c; staple, 47<g4Sc.
Australian scoured, basis combing superfine,
70®72c; good, 65@68; average, 62® 65c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 27.— Exchanges, $471.
623; balances, $104,160.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or., Dec. 27— Local wheat buy
ers wore quoting 50c for Walla Walla ancr If
they wanted wheat badly enough would go from
\'t to 1 cent better. Tonnage is so scarce that
there Is not much activity even with return
ing strength in the markets. Valley Is steady
at 62c and blue stem 62'tLMr.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. 27.— Wheat, stronger. Club.
60c; blue stem, 63<g63>4c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exrhangp, 60 days — $4 82%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 K%
Sterling Cables — 4 M%
New Y'irk Exchange, sight — 15
New Ynrk Exrhange, telegraphic. — 17,4
Fine Silver, per ounce — B9H
Mexican Dollars — 47H
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Continue dull and
nominal. The chartered wheat fleet In port
has a registered tonnage of 14.131. against 44.
425 tons on the same date last year; disen
gaged, 32.000, against 9400; on the way to this
port, 140.800, against 171,400.
WHEAT — The Madagascar takes for Cork
7;«,169 ctls, valued at $S.i,r>oo; Duchesse Ann*,
for Cork. 44,723 ctls, at $53,675.
The market advanced in sympathy with
higher quotations from the East and abroad.
Business was good on call, but dull on spot. .
Pjx.t Wheat— Shipping, $1 15@1 17H; milling.
$1 20®l 22H
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— l2,ooo
ctlß. $1 21; 20,000, $1 20^; 50.000, $1 20%.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 21; 14,000,
*i 21H; is.ooo, $i ;ii4: 4000, $i 21%.
Regular Forenoon Session— May — 2000 ctls,
$1 21%; 14.000. $1 21%; 30,000. $1 2U4.
Afternoon Session— May— lo,ooo ctls, $1 21^;
December— 4ooo. SI 17H.
BARLEY— The market Is largely nominal at
the moment, there being: no sales to make quo
tations. Trading on call 1? also slack.
Feed, $1 27\ 3 <Bl 30; Brewing. »1 3o@l 45 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— Seller "99, new— 2ooo ctls. !>Se:
2COO, 97% c; 6000, 97*ic; 4000, 97'ic.
Regular Forenoon Session — December— 2ooo J
Ctls. $1 34%; 2*ooo. $1 33%.
Afternoon Session — Seller '99, new — 6000
ctls, 99e.
OATS— Are firm, but dull at unchanged quo
tations. Offerings are ample for all | imme
diate needs.
Fancy Feed. $1 30@l 324 per ctl ; good to
choice, $1 2501 274; common. $1 20®l 22%: Sur
prise. $1 35@1 424; Gray. $1 25@1 30; Milling.
$1 27H@1 32>*» per ctl; Red, fl 45@1 60; Black,
$1 80®$l 75. " .
CORN— The market is firm enough, but the
demand is nothing extra.
Small round yellow. $1 20: Eastern large yel
low. $1 12451 13; white. $1 124 1 15; mixed.
$107V4@1-10 per ctl; California white, $1 124®
1 15.
RYE— Quiet and unchanged.
California, $1 17%®! 224; Eastern, $1 15 per
; ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15@4 25; bakers'
extras, $3 90(g L 4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina.
J4 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $5 85@-6 25; in sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Bran and middlings are higher and firm.
Corn products are also strong. Arrivals of
hay during the past three days foot up 772
tons, but the market shows little change one
■way or. the other.
BRAN— sl6ifrlß per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 9©22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $26 50^27 SO
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31<?731 50;
jobbing-, $321} 32 r>o; Cm-oanut Cake, 124925; Cot
tonseed Meal, $2S!ff3o per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50*y
24 50; Cracked Corn. J24@25.
CALIFORNIA HAY — Wheat. $16 50^18 for
good to choice, and $14<fil6 for lower grades;
no fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat. $1&®16 50;
Oat. $14^15 60; Island Barley. $12<g14; Alfalfa,
$11 60018 50; Stock, $11'iT12: Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, Sl3 50ft 15; Cheat,
tW?,\2 75; Alfalfa, : Oat. $13 50^15; Clover,
$11*512; Timothy, $11 50((il3 50 per ton.
STRAW— 3S@7Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There !» little dulng in Beans at the moment.
Quotations are as before. Seeds remain un
changed.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 85@2; Small Whites. $2 15
<g*2 20; Large Whites, $1 So@l 95; Pinks, $1 95®
2 06; Reds. V. 15®3 25: Blackeye, $3 75@i: But
ters, $2fj2 50; Llmas, $3 2503 35; Pea, $2 25@2 40;
Red Kidneys, $2 40@2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Mustard, $4 Bo@4 75 per ctl;
yellow mustard, $4 25; Flax, $2' ; 72 25; Canary
Seed,2V4@2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 5' 2 'a6^tc; Rape,
2V4@'2%c: Hemp, L' : -.'.;;lc, Timothy, oSoVic.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 5021 75; Green, $1 75
<S\ 85 per ctl. '
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes are lower and easy at the decline.
Onions are unchanged. Vegetables stand about
the same.
POTATOES— 6S@7Sc per ctl for Early Rose;
60@75c per sack for River Burbanks; Salinas
Burbanks, $I@l 15: Oregon, 75c@$l; Sweet Po
tatoes, $1 60<gl 85 for Merced; New Potatoes,
2<g2Vjc per lb.
ONIONS— 6O©7Sc per ctl. A small lot of Ore
gon? sold up to $1.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 8c; String
Beans, 10c; Cabbage. 4<i'ssoc; Tomatoes, 75c®
$1 25 for Los Angeles; Egg Plant, 15c per lb;
Garlic, 7@Sc per lb: Dried Okra, 15c per lb;
Green Peppers, 4®sc per lb; Dried Peppers,
10(g>15c; Marrowfat Squash, $S@lo per ton; Car
rots, 25@'35c per sack. *-'y
POULTRY AND GAME.
Poultry was dull, as usual the day after the
holidays. Game was about the sami».
Three cars of Eastern Poultry sold at $5@5 50
for hens and young roosters, $4 50<g5 for old
roosters, $4 for broilers, J4'ji4 60 for fryers,
Jl 7u'(j2 for geese, 13& 14c for turkeys, and Jog
5 50 for ducks.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 15@17c; live
Turkeys, 13%@14^c for Gobblers and 13Vi@14%c
for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Ducks,
$4 50@6; Hens, $3®-4 50; young Roosters, J4<<is;
old Roosters, J4f;4 50; Fryers, $4@4 50; Broilers,
$4 for large, $303 50 for small; Pigeons, $ha
1 25 per dozen for old and $1 BOOS for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, $1 2551 60; Mallard. (394 60;
Canvasback, $4 50(§6; Sprig. $2 50@3; Teal, $1 25
01 60; Widgeon. $1 50; Small Duck, 75c@$l;
English Snipe, J2@2 50; Jack Snipe, |I@l 25;
Gray Geese. $2 50; White Geese, $1 25; Brant,
$1 25@1 75; Honkers, i-'/'ii; Hare. $1; Rabbits,
$1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Email.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter opened weak at a decline, and the
demand was slow. There was no change in
Cheese. Eggs continue steady, with light sup
plies.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 29c; seconds.
28c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 25^270; common
grades. 18(&24c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 17#lSc; pickled roll,
176 l*c for dairy and 1»<&20c for creamery
squares; creamery tub. 23^22&c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16iic per
lb; Elgin. 22'g22V*e.
CHEESE-Choice mild new, 12012Kc; old, 10
®llc; Cream Cheddar, 12'(xl2VsiC; Young Amer
ica, 12(§13c; Eastern, 10ft 12c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 301r38c per dozen; sec
onds. 3(*S33c; store Eggs, 25<§3Oc; Eastern, 22^
6-'sc for ordinary and 28^ 30c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
There was no life to this market yesterday.
Quotations for all descriptions remained un
changed.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Cranberries, $7 50®10 per barrel for Eastern
and $I@l 50 per box for Coos Bay.
Apples, 35<&60c for common, 75c@$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 25(5 1 50 for choice. Lady Ap
ples, Jl 25(§1 75; Apples, in barrels, $6@9.
Pears— suc<gsl 25 per box. ■*
Persimmons— 7ocr«sl per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $I@2 50 per
box; Seedlings, 7ac&4l 50; Mandarins. |l<ga 25;
Lemons, 75ci@$l 50 lor common and $2'a3 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $3 6004; Call
fomnia Limes, 25(^.75c per small box; Grape
Fruit, $1 6O<§3 50; Bananas, Jl st»@2 per buVich;
Pineapples, i'i<&S per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
The Eastern markets remain dull, as will be
seen In the first column, and the local situa
tion Is still stagnant.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 6'^c for 40-50"?, 4V4@
5c for 60-60's, 3U@3?4c for 60-70's, 2\@3c for
70-50's. 2Vi<S2V4c for 80-90's, 2c for 90-100's and
lH@l%cfor 100-UO's: Silver Prunes, 2H@6c;
Peaches. 6@7i/ic for good to choice, 7'/4(gSc for
fancy and 10fil2 I 2 c for peeled; Apricots, 10@12c
for Royals and 12V4@13*jc for Moorpark; Evap
orated Apples, 7%07%0; sun dried, 4@4>4c;
Black Flbs, sacks, 2@2V&c; Plums, 4V!s<J?6c for
pitted and Italic for unpitted; Nectarines, 6©
tc for prime to fancy; Pears, 6@Sc for quarters
and B@9c for halves.
RAISIN'S— for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown. 6*; c for four-crown, S>4@6V&c for Seed
less Sultanas, 4VjC for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%03c.
NUTS— Chestunts, B{il2Vic ■ per Ib; Walnuts,
7©Sc for hardshell. P@loc for softshell: Al
monds, 7@Sc for hardshell, 13@14c for softshell,
15Q16c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 6@7c for East
ern and 4%@5c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50
05.
HONEY— 10@llc for bright and B®9c
for lower grades: water white extracted, 6V4@
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, B@s^jc
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c p<t lb.
PROVISIONS.
Lard is quoted very firm and dealers are look
ing for another advance any day. The other
descriptions are unchanged.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 7M>c per lb for
' heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for light. lO^.c
for extra light and 12@12%c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10<S10'ic; California
Hams, 9VtO9%c; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, til; Family Beef, $12 50; extra
Prime Pork, $10: extra clear, $18: mess, $15 50®
16: Smoked Beef, l)V,i<&l2c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at s>4c per lb for com
pound and 7<g>7!ic for pure; half-barrels, pure,
7^c; 10-lb tins. 7«ic; 5-lb tins, Be.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 5?8@6%c; packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls. 60 In a case. 9 Vic;
8-lb pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb palls. 12 in a
case, 814 c; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case. B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7"4 c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net. SHe; fancy tubs, SO lbs net. 7T6c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL. AND HOPS.
All markets under this head are of a holiday
character and quotations are unchanged.
HIDES AND SKlN'S— Culls and brands sell
about 10c under the quotations. Heavy snlted
steers, 10c; medium. Si^c; light, 8c; Cowhides.
8c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, 8c; Calf. Sc; dry
Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands, 12c; dry
Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 15(g25e each; short wool, 30040 c
each; medium, 6PiffSoc; loiik wool, 90c©$l 10
each; Horse Hides, salt, Jl 75^2 for large and
75c for small; Cnlts, 60c; Horse Hides, dry, Jl 50
for large and SOc'&'Jl for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, SXjig^c per 1b:
No. 2. 2}ie; refined, 4^i / 35c; Grease. 2c.
WOOL— Spring clips — Southern Mountain, 12
months', 7@9c; San Jnaquln and Southern. 7
months'. P'Sflc; Foothill and Northern, free, 12
©14c; Foothill and Northern, defective, fltillc:
Humboldt and Mendocino, 14551,5 c; Nevada, 9@
lie: Eastern Oregon, 10<S?12c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino Sffll
Northern Mountain w 7'3> 8
Southern ;. 6^ 714
Plains 5«5! s'
HOPS— IB9B crop. 12^@14p per lb for ordinary,
14i/fefilsHc for good and 16@>lSc for choice to
fancy.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4 7 fc<g>5c; Wool Bags, 26<?28c; San
Quentln Bans, |4 $5.
COAL— Wellington, $8 Der ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $C; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, *8 5U®9 in bulk and $10
@10 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Keck Springs and
Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk
and $14 In sacks.
CORDAGE— 9Vic; Sisal, B\e; Duplex,
7%c basis.
CANNED FRUITS— $1 35@1 50 for
black and $1 60®l 80 for white; Peaches, $1 40©
1 75; Pears. $1 45@1 50; Apricots, $1 35@1 50;
Plums, 95c@$l 15. --.•
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, Ssc@l 25;
Asparagus, $1 50@l 75; Tomatoes. 85@90c.
COFFEE— Rica— l4®lsc nominal for
prime washed; 13@13',ic nominal for good
washed; 13® 15c for good to prime washed pea
berry; ll'.j.'n ll" 2 c for good peabf-rry; IlVi@l2Vic
for good to prime; 10»>@llc nominal for good
current mixed with black beans; 9@llc for fair;
oViGSc for common to ordinary. Salvador — 11
@13c nominal for good to prime washed; y@loVic
for fair washed; lOU'ull'sc for good to prime
washed peaberry; Ssl@B%c for superior un
washed; Sc for green unwashed; 2f/!0c2 f/!0c for
good to prime 'unwashed peaberry. Nicarague
— S@B%c nominal for good to superior un
washed; 9^<Bloc nominal for good to prime un
washed peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican—
16iS17',jC for prime to fancy washed new crop:
U>,2@l3%c for good to strictly good washed;
9011 c for fair washed: 7<gSVic for medium; 5@
6?; c for inferior to ordinary: 11%®12c for good
to prime washed peaberry: 9»i@loc for good
unwashed pe:ilierry; S@S%c for good to su
perior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, 4c: cases, se
lected, 4Hc; imitation Eastern, 5' 4 c; boneless,
5U c; strips, 5%@7>.&c; blocks, 514©7 c; tablets,
7Vic; middles, 6>4iffiSV4c per lb; desiccated. S7V£c
per dozen: pickled cod, barrels, each, $S;
, pickled cod, half-barrels, earr:, $4 50.
LEATHER— SoIe Leather, heavy. 25fff2Sc per
Ib: Sole Leather, medium. 24®25c; Sole Leather,
light. 23(525c; rough Leather, heavy, 24@25c;
rough Leather. light, 23<JT24« Harness Leather,
heavy. 30@36c; Harness Leather, medium, 27®
30c: Harness Leather, light. 26(f?28c: Collar
Leather. 14®16c per foot: Kip. finished, 40@45c
per lb; Veal, finished, 50®83c; Calf, finished. Jsc
©SI: Sides, finished. 16©17 c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits, 145? 16c per Ib; Rough Splits, B@loc.
California Castor Oil. cases. No. 1. 95c;
barrels, 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates);
Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled, 50c; raw. 4Kc;
cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained,
barrels. 56c; No. 1. 46c: cases. 5c more; China
Nut, 45@53C per gallon; Pure Neatsfoot Oil,
barrels, 65c: capes, 70c: No. 1, barrels. Esc;
cases. 60c; Sperm, crude, 60c: natural white, ,
40c: bleached white, 45c: Whale Oil. natural
white. 40c; bleached white, 45c; Pacific Rubber
Mixed Paints, white and house colors. $1 25®
135 per gallon; wagon colors, $222 25 per j
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA— White Coal Oil. In bulk. 12'^c per
gallon; Pearl Oil, In eases, 17 Vic; Astral Oil,
17V.c; Star Oil, 17' -c; • Extra Star Oil. 21Hc
Elaine OH, 22' 2 c: Eocene Oil. 19% c: Deodorized
Stove Gasoline, In bulk, 13V4c; in cases. 19c;
Benzine, in bulk. 12'ic; cases. 17% c; E6-degree
Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in cases. 25*.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles 6s, 16 oz,
7Hc; 6s, 14 oz, 634 c: Cs, 12 oz, 6c; 6s, 10 oz.
BVtc. Granite (Mining) Candles— 6s, 16 oz, 9>4c;
6s. 14 oz, S'ie; 6s, 12 oz, 7> 2 c; 6s. 10 oz, 6%c;
Paraffine Wax Candles— ls, 2s, 4s, «s, 12s, white,
S%c; colorfd, 9%c.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6@7c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 61c; in Iron barrels,
C6c; in wooden barrels, 58c per gallon.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, -43c; raw, barrels,
41c: cases, 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— S4I per flask for local use
and $3717 37 50 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed I
and Fine Crushed, 6"» c; Powdered. 6V c; Candy
Granulated, 5%C; Pry Granulated. s?ic; Con
fectioners' A, s?ic: California A, 5Uc; Magnolia
A. ' ,'■; Extra C. s>ic; Golden C, s>»c; half-!
barrels, $4c more than barrels, and boxes %c j
'more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels ;
or its equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There Is no change to report In anything.
The supply about balances the demand.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers, to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— quality. 6%<36*ic; second qual
ity. 6io-6Uc: third quality. 4H<BSV4e.
VEAL— Large. C\i&V,ic: small. e^SSc per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7Y4c; Ewes, 7c.
LAMB— per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 4«4Uc for large, 4%@4%c
for medium, and 3U<@3Hc for small: stock
Hogs, 2Vi@3c; dressed Hogs, S$6%C for prime.
LUMBER.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sires, $15 60@18; ex(ra sizes, higher; ;
Redwood. $17 for No. 1 and $14*515 for No. 2;
Lath, 4 feet, $2 20#2 30: Pickets, $14; Shingles.
$1 35 for common and $2 25 for fancy; Shakes,
for split and $10 50 for sawn; Rustic, $15
@21.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Three Days.
Flour, qr sks 26,450 Straw, tons 5
Wheat, ctls 44.722 Pelts, bdls 607
Barley, ctls 26,670 Hides, no 1,750
Rye, ctls 10 Lime, bbls IS2
Butter, ctls 172 Chicory, kegs . 52
Cheese, ctls 55 Eggs, doz 9,420
Beans, ska 1.973 Quicksilver, flks. 192
Potatoes, sks 12.023 Leather, t0115.... 184
Onions, sks 1,089 Lumber, feet 75,000
Mustard, ska 293 Wine, gals 65,600
Bran, sks 1.126 Wool, ba1e5...... 347
Middlings, sks.... 21." Raisins, bxs 1,062
Flax, Fks 275 l Brandy, gals 24,640
Hay, tons 662 Sugar, ska 26S
Oregon. ■•;; ••.•■-;
Flour, qr sks 14,639 jOnlor.s. sks 300
Barley, ctls 13.500 Bran, sks 2,400
Wheat, ctls 2.750 ! Flaxseed, sks.... 275
Potatoes, sks 4,853 1 Hay. tons 50
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 3,464 Barley, ctls 1,870
Oats, ctls 9.250 Hops, bales 134
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 60!
THE STOCK JHARKET.
Mining stocks were dull and unchanged.
The Occidental and Potosl delinquent s^les
take place to-day.
The leading variations In local securities
were a decline In Hawaiian Commercial to
$57 75 and an advance In Giant Powder to
$61 75.
The Market-street Railway Company has de
clared a quarterly dividend of 60c per share,
payable January 9.
\Ve!ls, Fargo & Co. have declared the semi
annual dividend of 3 per cent, payable Janu
ary 16.
The savings department of the California
Safe Deposit and Trust Company has declared
a semi-annual dividend at me rate of 4 per
cent peY annum on term deposits and 3 1-3 per
cent on ordinary deposits, payable on Janu
ary 3.
The assessment of €Vi cents per share on
th^ capital stock of the Troy Mining and De
velopment Company was delinquent ia of
fice yesterday.
The annual meeting of the Pacific Coast
Savings Society has been called for January 10.
The Geyser Mining and Milling Company of
Colorado has levied an assessment of 10 centj
per shi»ie.
The- Shower Consolidated Mining Company of
Utah has levied an assessment of 2 cents per
share, delinquent March 1.
The Tamt»rack Copper Mining Company of
Michigan will pay a dividend of $4 per ibare,
amounting to $24(1,000, to-day.
The Gold Coin Mining Company cf Victor
Colo., paid a dividend of 1 cent per share
amour ting to 110,000, on its 1,000, wO shares of
capital stock, yesterday.
To-morrow the Calumet and Hecla Copper
Mining Company of Michigan will pay a rec
ular quarterly dividend of $10 per share
amounting to $1,000,000.
Tl'.; Mount Diablo Mill and Mining Com
paq's assessment will be delinquent in office
to-day.
The official letter from the Occidental Con-
B.ihcated mine for the week ending D.-cembor
2i says: The work of stoplng ore tram th
•4so level cc rtinues. During the past week
lib tons of ore were sent to the .n:ll. Aver
age a^ay, a <i. per ton, gold value.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
t^ » , TUESDAY, Dec. 27.
Bid. Ask. Bi d a<,l-
D. S. Bonds- Pac L C 0.... - m
4s quar coup.. — — S FG & E... S6K tfu
4s quar reg... — — San Fran |U —
4s quar new... — — Stockton Gas. 10"* 14
3e quar .vmp. .10676 — Insurance—
Miscellaneous— Flrem's Fund. 2lo —
Cal-tit Cab u5. 115 117 Water Stocks—
Cal El 6s US%ll7tt Contra Costa.. 50 55
C C Wat 55. . . 102 - | Marln Co GO -
Dup-st ex c... — 98>VSpringr Vallev.-iulMOi-v
EL&P 65... 130Vi131 Bank Stocks- *
F&CI Ry fis.ll4 — Anglo-Cal .... 64*4 —
Geary-st R_ dp. — 100 Bank of Ca1...2.i5H —
HC & S si*B. — 103 Cal SD & T.. !>9T4IOO«A
L. AL Co 65.. 99 ■ First Nationl 225 -
Do gntd 65.. 1W — I*->n P& A . 133 —
Market-st 6s..l2S"fc — Mer Exchange — 16
Do Ist M 6».U5%1M Xcv Nat 8. . 176 —
N C N G R 75. 100 — Savings Banks—
NRy Cal 65..11(i'i120 r,er S& L 16»5 —
NRy Cal 8a..107% — Hum S & L.IOM 1160
KPC R R 68.103 — Mutual Say — 45
NPC R R Sm.Va 103 S F Say U. 500 —
N Cal R R 55. 103 105 S&L So — mo
Oak Gas os WOhi — Security S B 3iXl 350
Om Ry 6? 128 — Union T Co. 1060 —
P & Cl Ry 65. 107 — Street Railroads—
P&O 6s 112 — California . no —
Powell-st (te...HB 123 Geary 45 _
Sac El Ry 55.. — — Market-st .... 38% fi9U.
SF& N P 55. 11 l lll'j Oak SL& H. — —
SierraßCal Bs.lOlHlOa^ Presidio .. 914 _
S P of Ar fis..lllij. — Powder—
S P Cfis(l!>or.-6)H2 1124 California ....151 —
SPC 6s (1912)11514 — E Dynamite... 85 95
SPCI* eg 55. 103 — Giant Con Co. 61 61»i
SPBr 6? 120 121 Vlgorit 3% 3<2
H V Water te.119% — Miscellaneous—
S V Water 45. 102^103 Al Pac Assn. los 105U
SA' W4s<3dro).lolVsirilVi Ger Ld Wks. 160 —
Stktn Gas -65.. — 104 Hana PI C 0... 17« 18
Gas & F.lectric— H C & S Co.. E7V 58
Capital Gas... — — Hutch S P Co. 64<in 65
Cent Gaslight. los — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Cent I, & P... — 16 Oceanic S Co.. 62% —
Mutual El Co. 11 MU. Pac A F A... \% iv
Oakland Gas.. 52 Bitf Pac C Bor Co.lol —
Pac Gas Imp. So — far Paint Co. 7%, —
Morning Session.
Board—
00 Central Light & Power 15 50
20 Cal Safe Deposit gg 50
20 Cal Safe Deposit 99 00
50 Glnnt Powder Con #1 62*+
12." Hana Plantation Co 17 K7l,
in Hutchinson P P Co iv 51714
21 Hutchinson S P Co 64 75
ISS Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 58 00
]0 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 57 87U
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 57 75
25 Market-st Railway 59 00
5 Market-st Railway, cash 59 25
20 Oceanic S S Co 62 25
80 Oceanic S S Co 62 no
10 S V Water 101 37^
15 S V Water 101 5C
Street—
50 Giant Powder Con 61 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Cal Safe Deposit W 87' i
TO Cal Safe Deposit 100 00
300 Hana Plantation Co 17 874
200 Hana Plantation Co 17 "
15000 S F & X P Ry bonds s 90 11" WH
JSO'XI S F & N P Ry bonds, s SO 11l 00
260 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 57 50
200 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 57 62..
7" Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 57 75
125 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar ;>7 37';..
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 57 87 1 -s
75 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 58 00
10 Hutchinson S P Co 64 75
15000 North Ry of Cal :. per cent bonds.. 107 25
$5000 North Ry of Cal ." per cent bonds.. lo7 37^
100 Pac Aux Fire Alarm 12.'.
250 S F Gas & Electric Co 88 SO
130 S EfcGas & Electric Co 86 75
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 87 00
70 S V Water I'M 50
JGOOO S V 4 per cent bonds 102 S7V4
Street—
40 Cal Safe Deposit 100 rfl
50 Giant Powder Con 6175
40 Oceanic S S Co 62 01
$10,000 S F & N P Ry bonds, s 3« 110 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
25 S V Water 101 25
Street—
50 Central Light & P 16 50
75 Equitable Gaslight 10 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Equitable Gaslight 10 75
50 Giant 61 30
50 Market-st 59 U"^
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Belcher 19 50 Gould & Curry-. 24
300 Best & Belcher. S3 100 Mexican ....."... 30
400 Gould & Curry.. 22 150 Mexican 31
200 Gould & Curry.. 23 j 100 Sierra Nevada.. SO '
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 05 500 Justice 15
1011 Best <fr Belcher. 33 100 Occidental 85
450 Con Cal & Va...i 10
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Con Cal & Va...l 10 200 Ophlr . . 48
200 Con <>i & V;i.l 07% 60 Potosl 15
n Cal & Va...l OS SOii Potosl r
1500 Hale & Norcrs. 09 200 Sierra Nevada.. $1
B0 Hale & Nortrrs.. OS!
Afternoon Session.
200 Con Cal & Va.l 07% 200 Potosl 13
1000 Hale & Norcrs. 10200 Union Con 14 j
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Dec. 27—4 p. m.
 . Bid.A.sk. Bid.Ai-k. '
Alpha Con 03 114 Julia — 01
Alta 07 09 Justice 14 16
Andes 04 i>s Kentuck 08 10
Belcher 17 18 Lady Wash.... — 05
Benton C0n.... 01 10 Mexican 29 30 j
Best & Belcher 33 34 Occidental 80 —
Bullion 02 (13 Ophir 46 47;
Caledonia 21 22 Overman 06 07
Chollar 12 14 Potosi 13 14 j
Challenge Con. — 17: Savage — 10 I
Confidence 60 64' Scorpion — Oil
Con Cal & Va..l 05 110 Seg Belcher — 04 j
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 80 82 1
Crown Point... 15 16' Silver Hill — 04
Con New York. — 05 Syndicate 05 10
Eureka Con 30 — Standard —2 50
Exchequer — 02, Union Con 13 14
Gould & Carry. 22 231 Utah OR 10 I
HhU- & Norcrs. 10 111 Yellow Jacket. 22 23
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic I
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is !
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of |
mariners, without regard to nationality and 1
free of expense.
Navipators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete pets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters !
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted I
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at |
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, If any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
W. B. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
BUN. MOON 1 AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Frar.>-lsco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 2S.
Sun rises 7:24
Pun sets 4:58
Moon rises 5:43 p. m.
a
p
5
Time |
I 1 Ft.
!H W
0:56
1:30
2:01
2:31
2:51
3:24
4.4 4:56! 8.3 10:53 5.6!
4.51 r.:3S! 3.2 1i:32 5.3
I 4.6! fi:24! 3.1 12:13 5.1
4.71 7:12! 3.11 12:55 4.7
4.9 8:10 2.5! 1:51 4.6
5.0 f':ll 2.4 2:44 4.2
j s.i] 10:11 2.0; 3:46 3.9 i
I [Ttmel ITlmel
1 Ft. I 1 Ft. ! 1 Ft.
j H W LW(
I 5.3 10:58 6.6 6:07— 0.'
! 3.2 1i:32 5.3 6:40—0.;
I 3.1 12:13 5.1 7:11!— 0.!
I 3.1 12:55 4.7 7:411 0.1
2.8! 1:51 4.6 8:M o.'
2.4 2:44 ' 4.2 8:53 O.i
2.0: 3:46 3.9 9:36 1.:
'..'.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted Crom
the depth glvn by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N\. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., De
cember 27, IS9B.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
i. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8 ■
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. P. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
STEAMERS TO AHKIVE.
Steamer.
[Vyefleld Nanaimo |Dee. 28
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 28
I'matlUa Victoria & Puget Sound Dec. 28
IVeeott Tac.uina Bay Dec. 28
\\nha IPoint Arena Dec. 28
Centennial ; Seattle Dec. 28
■oos Bay [Newport Dec. 29
Mackinaw 'Taeoma Dec. 29
Point Arena 'Point Arena Dec. 29
S'orth Fork Ilumholdt Dec. 30
\rapulco Panama Dec. 30
'Fan Diego Dec. 31
""olumbia Portland Dec. 31
"has. Nelson... IPttßet Sound Dec. 31
ntania Nanaimo |Dec. 31
Ruth C>o s Bay Dec. 31
"hilkat HumboMt ". . . Deo. 31
>race D011ar.... Orny? Harbor Jan. 1
Jueen iVlctnria & Puget Sound Jan. 2
(Vri-ata COM Bay Jan. 2
LVellinßton Depnrture Bay !Jan. 2
">rizaba Newport ...4^ Jan. 2
\ustrniia Honolulu Jan. 3
ruracan Mexico Tan. 3
Santa Rosa San Diego ijan. 4
;tafi 'alifornla Portland Jan. B
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. | Destination, j Sails. Pier.
City Para..iPanama 'Dec. 28. 12 m|PMBB
Alliance ...lOrtßnn Ports. |Dec. 25, 10 amlPler 20
State of CalPortland ;Dec. L'H, 10 am^lir 24
Santa Rosa' San niepo IDec. 29, 11 amiPler U
Arcata ICoos Bay |Dec. 29. 10 anvPler 13
Aloha 'Point Arena.. Dec. 29, 3 pm Pier 2
Alameda ... Sydney Dec. 2ft, 2 pm'Pier 7
Signal IQraym HarborlDec. 30 :
Weeott Yaquina Bay.jDec. 30, 10 amjPler 13,
Coos Bay... Newport Dec. 31, 9 amPler 11
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena. .(Dec. 31, 3 pm Pier 2
Pomona ...IHumboldt Dec.ni, 2 pm Pier *
I T matllla .. Vie & Vgt BdJJan. 1. V> amPler 0
Chilkat — llnmboldt — 'Jan. 1, in anVPler 13
Corona San Dl*-ko Jan. I, 11 am Pier H
Columbia ..iPortland Jan. 3. 10 am I'ipr 24
Orizaba .. . . 'Newport lan. 4. 9nm Pier 11
Steamer. !
j Destination. '
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Company.
In the
Board.
Day of
Sale.
Occidental !
Potosi .. .
Gould & Curry...
Overman
N. Gould & Curry
Union
Utah
Julia
Andes .............
Chollar
31
Dl
85
1
21
29 i
29
47 I
4"! |
..Nov. 28 ..Dec. 281 10
...Dee. 21.. Dec. 28J 10
..Dec. 5 ..Der. 29! 10
..Dec. 11 ..Jan. 4 06
'..I>et. 18 ..Jan. « 10
i..Deo. 2!> ..Jan. M 15
:..Jnn. 7, ..Feb. l| 05
I. .Jan. 29|..Feb. »| 03
I.. Jan. 19!.. Jan. 241 05
|..Jan. 24 ..Fob. 16' 10
7
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, December 27.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 81V4 hours from
San Diego, etc.
Stmr Oeo W Elder, Hlnkle, 67"* hours from
Portland, via Astoria M l^ hours.
Stmr Bonita, Nicolson, 35 hours from Ven
tura, etc.
Bark C D Bryant, 26 days from Honolulu.
Bken Tropic Bird, Jackson, 40 days from Ta
hiti.
Bktn 'Woodslde, 24 days from Honolulu.
.'- I
Schr Mary Buhne, Weber, 2*4 days from Eu- I
reka. ')
. Schr Jennie Wand, Christiansen, 4 days from '
Eureka. . .
Schr Bessie E Stevens, Hesner, IS days from »
Seattle. . .
CLEARED.
Tuesday, December 27.
Stmr Orizaba, Hall, San Pedro; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace. Victoria and
Port Townsend; GoodaU, Perkins & Co.
SAILED. 'd
Tuesday, December 27. y
Stmr Orizaba, Hall, San Pedro.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria and
Port Townsend.
Stmr South Coast. Zaddart.
Stmr Chilkat, Anderson, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson.
Stmr Bonita, Xicolson, Coos Bay.
CHARTERS.
The Andrada loads wheat at this port or
Portland for Europe; Najnde, wheat at Port
land for Europe. 32s 6d: Gerard C Tobey lum
ber on the Sound for Hongkong.
SPOKEN.
Nov 2, lat 2 S. long 25 W-Br ship Cedarbank.
from Shlels, for San Francisco. LcaarDan - f -
TELEGRAPHIC.
ha^nd^n?: 27 " 5M P —Witt*
DOMESTIC PORTS. .
*-«"".•«' »tar «
I fK^casr' Dec 24 ~ Schr AM b —
from A ArriVed eC 27-Stmr Protection
from !>kasuay.
CLALLAM BAT-In port Dec 27-Haw ship
Star of Russia, from Tacoma for Honolulu;
snip Hecla. from Vancouver for Sydney.
NEWPORT (Si-Arrived Dec 27-Stmr Alca
1 traz from sea.
PORT LOS ANGELES-Arrived Dec 27-Stmr
Albion, from Albion; stmr Sequoia, from New
port i SI. ■
Sailed Dec 27— Aus stmr Slam, for Nanaimo:
stmr Sequoia, for
PORT TOWNSEND-Sailed Dec 26 — Sh'tp
Eclipse, for Algoa Bay.
Arrived Dec 26— Br ship Riverside, from Ta
coma for Queenstown.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Dec 27-Schr Annla
M Campbell, from San Pedro. •
USAL— Dec 27— Stmr Sunol, for San .
Francisco. j \
POINT ARENA - Arrived Dec 17 — Stmr "
Greenwood, hence Dec 26.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 26— Stmr Pomona,'
hence Dec 25. Dec 27— Stmr North Fork, hence
Dec 25.
Sailed Dec 27-Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Dec 27— Brig Courtly
Ford, for Port Townsend; stmr Brunswick, tor
Franciso;
I < » »8 BAY-Sailed Dec 26-Stmr Arcata. for
San Francisco; stmr Weeott, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Dec 26— Stmr Weeott, from Yaquln*
Bay.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 13— Br ship Domin
ion, from Baltimore. Dec 14-^Sehr Transit,
hence Nov 22. Dec 15— Haw ship Hawaiian
Isles, from Newcastle. NSW; bark Snow jfc
Burgess, from Newcastle, NSW. Dec 16— Bark
Hesper, from Newcastle. NSW. Dec 17— Bark
Mohican, hence Nov 3D; Haw ship Fort George.
fr.im Newcastle, NSW. Dec 19— Bark Alden
Bessie, hence Nov 30; Haw bark Nunanu, frim
New York. Dec 20— Schr Aloha, hence Nov 2T
Sailed Dec 11— Ship I incidental, for Port An
geles. Dec 12— Bktn S(1 Wilder, for San Pran
cis-co: Br stmr Garonne, for Seattle. Dec 14—
Bktn S N Castle, for San Francisco; schr Rob
ert Lewers, for San Francisco. Dec 16— Ship
Yosemite. for Port Townsend. Dec 19— Bark
Albert, for San Francisco.
SHIELDS— SaiIed Dec 23— Br ship Glenard.
for San Francisco.
BUENOS AYRES— Arrived Dec 23— Br bark
Nellie Troop, from Port Blakeley.
PANAMA— Arrived Nov 30— Stmr Acapulco.
hence Nov 8. Dec 11— Stmr Colon, hence Nov
IS. Dec 12 — Haw stmr Baracouta. from Cham
perico.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed Nev 28— Br ship Galgate.
for Oregon.
RIRKENHEAD— Arrived Dec 24— fcr ship Eu
phratf-s, hence Aug ID.
H l'LL— Arrived Dec 23— Br ship Trade Winds,
from Oree<>n.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Deo 24— Ger bark H
Hackfeld. for Honolulu.
H< »NGKONG — Arrived prior Dec 24 — Haw
stmr Aztec, hem-p Nov IS.
SANTA ROPALIA-Sailed Dec 17— Schr Al
bert Meyer, for Port Townsend
MAZATLAN— SaiIed Dec 24-Stmr Acapulco.
for San Francisco.
AUCKLAND— SaiIed Dec 24— Stmr Bfartpoaa,
for Pan Francisco.
KAHULUI— Arrived Dec 10— Brlk Consujelo,
hence Nov 19.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Dec 27— Jap stmr Nirp n n
Mani. for San Francisco. Dec 23— Stmr Ta
corna, for Taooma
Arrived Dec '>— Arg whal stmr Bowhead. from
Arctic Ocean.
In port Dec 9— U S stmr Hugh McCullough,
for Pan Francisco; Br Btmr Tartar, for Van
couver
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
tk^. . Steamers leave Broadway
wbJSt* wharf, San Francisco:
VBhQ^^. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m
; Kf>twm9A Dec - i. 7 - IS. 17. 22. 17. Jan. 1.
' IKIKvEa change at Seattle.
' ■BkSk y»l Fcr Victoria. Vancouver 'B.
IgS&Zr-ifllAl C-). Port Townsend. Seattle.
r^*m£^%tM Tacoma. Everett, Anacorte*
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
"** 10 a. m., Dec. 2. 7. 12, 17. I*.
*t Jan 1. and every fifth day thereafter.
•{.'_,* '-t Seattle to this company's steamers
Ma.ka and O. N. By. at Tacom. to N. P.
Rv at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Dee.
B. 10. 15. 20. V *». Jan - *' *° d evwr flttn d * y
1 For^Swita Crui. Monterey. T San Blmeon.
Cayucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Oavlota Santa Barbara, Ventura. Huenem-.
Ran Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 m.. Dec. 8. 7. 11. 18. 19. IS. 27. M.
Jan 4 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. Dec. 1. 5. 9. 13. 17. 21. 25. 29. Jan.. 2. and
•very fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Matatlan. Altata. La. Paz. Santa Rosa.!*
and Guaymas (Mez.), 10 a. m., Dec. 17. Jan.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to Chang*
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates.
• p»1 hr>nr» "f (tnliinr. ,
ffIOKST OinOß-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE SI 2 First Class Including Berths
IAnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
i COLUMBIA sails .Dec. 14. U
I STATE OF CAL. sails Deo. I, 19. 21
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butts.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO.. ■
Superintendents.
COOK'S TOURS
—TO—
HA WAN
January 25, February 8, 22, March 5 and 22.
FARES $150 and $235.
All expenses included: first-class throughout.
Programmes free of THOS. COOK & SON..
621 MARKET ST., San Francisco.
Gompagnfe Generate Transatlantique.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS v__.
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday *-s#M"r>
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42. North SUM*
River, foot of Morton street.
LA NORMANDIE Dec 31
LA GASCOGNE .....Jan. 7
LA CHAMPAGNE Jan. 14
LA BRETAGNE. •. Jan. 21
LA NORMANDIE ..Jan. 28
First-class to Havre, $65 and upward, 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre. 146. 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New Yoric.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Aeents. 5
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
PHPfIBRIfI The S. Honolulu ami
JpallllCsalls via Hop. lulu and
rfc w Auckland for Sydney
■ -? —^v Thursday, December
r^teJjmshlD 1-1 -'' s al s 2 . "AUSTRALIA
G^li«i!u,. Balls for ' Honolulu
(Oniß3l/y*Wednesd3: January
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
! TOWN. South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKKLS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. Fan Francisco.
*^ ™ _. ;
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello." ,
Mon... Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat '
9:45 a. m., 8:15 p. m. (8:80 p. m. ex. Thurs.). -
Friday*. .....1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. ra.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Plwr 1
Telephone Mala 1508.CLINTON CALLS
PHELAN EITHER
KNAVE OR FOOL
Bos worth Tunnel an
S. P. Steal.
A REAL LIVELY SESSION
SUPERVISORS ALL LINED UP
WITH THE EXECUTIVE.
The Cemeteries Will Not Be Closed.
Bids Opened for the Seven
teenth-Street Police
Station.
Mayor Phelnn must face alone the new
■ rvisors and Its unknown
The process of subtraction
has been separating him from his
adherents Brnce Supervisor Dodge got on
the- wrong side of an advertising fence,
• • ted yi terday afternoon when
]>r, Clinton, witt much red-taced vehem
the strings that have
$ him to the executive's bunch of
• ■ ■>. his i rstwhlle friend
and patron "either fool or knave," and,
■vv..rst of all, a friend and a partial one to
the Southern Pacific.
Th- IU was the tunnel under
the railroad's embankment on Bosworth
Street, for the building of which the
Supervisors sot aside $24,000 when they
made the recent apportionment of the
The tunnel is to be constructed for
no other apparent purpose than to pro
i tn exclusive right of way for the
Market-street railway system to the en
trance to Zoo Park,
The resolution authorizing: its construc
tion was passed at last week's meeting,
and was Btrongly objected to at that
time by Supervisor Clinton, who was
loud in his denunciation of the scheme
to save the railway people an expense
they should rightly stand. After an In
effectual kick he contented himself by
turning the matter over to the Mayor,
confident that he would exercise his well
known vetoing power and kill the job
a-bornin'.
At yesterday's meeting 1 Mr. Phelan read
his regular weekly veto message, and to
the consternation 1 of Dr. Clinton the tun
nel bill was not among those he men
tioned. In tear-stained English Clinton
made loud protest/but finding -it of no
avail be took the other end of if and sub
jected the executive to as scientific and
effective a roasting 1 as has ever tickled
thi phenomenal board.
"Mr. Chairman, 1 am surprised, I am
pained," said Mr. Clinton. "I was in
hopes that this time your vote would be
heard against this latest steal, this latest
Job that is being railroaded through this
board for the benefit of- the. Southern Pa
cific and the owners of the" Mission Zoo.
I am surprised, I am shocked, your Honor,
that for a single time you should have re
cognized and become a., party to such a
bare-faced steal as this Bosworth street
tunnel.- Possibly it is through bad Judg
ment alone that you have done this. I
hope so. I had confidence in your Honor's
honesty and integrity. You know as well
os I ,and if you will come put there with
me to-morrow you will acknowledge it to
me, that this tunnel is being built simply
to save the zoo and railroad the $24,iXK)
it will cost.
'•I understand that last week your Honor
drove over the ground with one of the
gentlemen, who is largely interested in
the Zoo Park. Now 1 do not mean -to say
that there is where your Honor "got the
views that you now hold of this matter,
but I do ■ say that you were probably
thereby influenced; I say that this mat
ter is 'an out and out steal, and one of
the rankest that this board has worked
for the benefit of the railroad, yet it is a
fitting finale for the record for the last
■•^Supervisor Clinton would have contin
' Supervisor Clinton would have contin
ued along the same line, had not Mr.
Dodge, with. a flickering memory of old
time love feasts, moved that the Mayor be
given the privilege of the floor for the
purpose of replying to the "to say the
feast pointedly personal remarks of Su
pervisor Clinton." The floor was accord
ed the Mayor and he took advantage of it
to deny that he was actuated any de
sire, to further the interests of the South
ern .Pacific, hut that on the contrary the
residents of .the Bosworth-street district
were unanimous *n their petition to have
the tunnel built, and that after a trip over
the ground he could s<?e no other way of
getting at the Zoo Park. . •
Supervisor Clinton said that he agreed
wholly with the Mayor, but at the same
time thought he .knew nothing about it.
The people of the district, he said, did
not want the tunnel, that the railroad
did, and that if the Mayor had been over
the ground -he must have seen that there
was another and better entrance into the
park to be had by extending Bosworth
street into Sunnyside avenue and cross
ing the railroad tracks above; the embank
ment "Any one who could go out there
and not see that there is another way_
into that park is either a fool or a knave.
"I don't know that you represent the
views of the people in S -our section, re
tor* ed Mayor Phelan. "I d.idn t . notice
that they stood with you to any great ex
tent during, the late election. •
. Supervisor Brltt got up to say that he
was triad to see that for once Mr. Phe
lan had risen above petty .personal inter
ests, and had . done a thing for .he gen
■SraTgSod. It was a delicate compliment
and was smilingly appreciated by the
Mayor Clinton arose for another round,
and the Incident was closed "by a motion
from Supervisor Sheehan tnat Chief Lees
be reauested to aWireherul the man that
pass^ the gold brYck. His motion found
n The question of paying oft. the overripe
accounts of the late Grand. Jury out of
the urgent necessity fund was again
brought up, and the bills of Experts Xi-
Patrick; and Atherton • were, Indefinitely
PO Tne°q ce vu d estlori of closing all cemeteries
within the city limits came up for final
?ong deration, and a resolution to close
Tint; lost by a tie vote of 4 to 4. The reso
lution imposing a prohibitive license upon
fence advertising fakers and restricting
the height of their unsightly fences to
twelve feet was refered to the license
committee and will be considered on
Thursday morning.
Two bids for the, erection of the police
station on Seventeenth street and the po
lice patrol stables on Eighteenth street
were opened and both found to be above
the J'o.ooo set aside for the purpose. Han
nah Bros, bid $69,000 and J. H. McKay
peked $64,900. For the filtering system at
the City Hall the Jewell Filter Company
bid $Gf.M and the New York Filter Com
pany ICTBO. The amount set aside by the
oard for the purpose was $0000. "■
■' The resolution granting to the police the
right to use force In closing up the high
binder societies and so-called merchants
clubs of Chinatown . was passed by
unanimous vote. ■■--.- ■
The heavy expense this city Is being
put to in the trial of Mrs. Cordelia Hot
kin was th<n taken cognizance of by tin
passage of a' resolution calling: the at
tlon of the Incoming board to the matter
and suggesting that the expense should
be met by the State.
; Ffre protection was guaranteed prop
erty-owners in the vicinity of the Cliff
House by a resolution . requesting the
Sprite Valley Water Company to jay an
fi-lnch main from Point Lobos avenue to
the bottom of the cliff hill arid past the
big pavilion, and to erect- fire plugs at
different points along the line.
•' The board Adjourned to Saturday morn-
Ing at.'lO o'clock.
Personal Sureties Only.
■_ . :: .- Mayor ."Phelan has declined to accept
V-- bonds from . any of the newly elected
county officials that .are not .secured by
. personal, sureties. The paper of the
surety 'companies will, not be accepted.
■ : Mayor Phelan's objections are not based
on his own personal 'opinions but. upon a
recently discovered clause in the county
>.\ government act that prohibits the ac
ceptance of any but personal. sureties on
v county bonds, and he has perforce been
obliged to send notice out to that effect.
'. ' .So, far, none of the- county officials have
brought their bonds in. although city offi
cers are pretty nearly all represented.
Where city bonds are required the surety
companies will be given preference over
personal securities, and nearly all of the
municipal officials are taking advantage
of the privilege.
THAT DANGEROUS SIGN BOARD
Merchants Object to Having a'Kear
ny-Street Nuisance Restored.
The Merchants' Association has come to
the front again in a protest against the
granting of permission to erect the high
signboard fence on the top of the old
building on the corner of Kearny and
Bush streets. On the strength of a rumor
to the effect that application is about to
be made to the Supervisors for permission
to put the objectionable and dangerous
Mt, m structure back, the association nas
presented to the city fathers reasons
why the petition should be denied. In
concluding the letter, the officers of the
association say: "This association has
protested on several occasions to the
continuance of this flagrant violation of
the ordinances of the city. The Fire Com
missioners have conceded the enormity of
the evil, but claim to be powerless to
remedy the same. The Board of Health
appears to lack authority to condemn the
structure as a public nuisance."
WANTED FOR ROBBERY.
The Police Are Searching for Dave
Kilpatrick, Who Is Out on His
Own Recognizance.
Dave Kilpatrick, who was arrested Sat
urday night by Policeman W. J. Smith
on a --charge of vagrancy and was ordered
not to be discharged, as he was proba
bly wanted on a charge of robbery, but
was released on hts own recognizance by
Jud^e Joachimsen, failed to appear in
court when his case was called yester
day morning.
.The Judge ordered a bench warrant is
sued for his arrest, and when he Is cap
tun .1 he will be booked on the charge of
robbery. A. P. Burton, a sailor, was
robbed of $50 on Mission street Saturday
night, and Kilpatrick is suspected of be
ing one of the robbers.
.• ♦ «
Durie Heitheir at Home.
Little Durle Heithier. the girl whose
recent sensational attempt at suicide
placed young George Alexander of Oak
land in so unenviable a light, has fully
recovered from the frightful wound she
inflicted upon herself, and has returned
with her mother to her home in Sonora.
The last four weeks of her Illness were
spent under the careful attention of the
physicians at the German Hospital, and
with the assistance of Mayor Phelan and
other kindly inclined citizens of this city
she wanted for nothing that would make
her convalescence easier. Before leaving
she addressed a letter to the Mayor, ask
ing him to extend her thanks to all the
many San Franciscans who had treated
her kindly during her illness.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Tuesday, Dec. 27, 1898.— Twenty-fifth
day of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track fast.
J. A. JIURPHY, Presiding Judge. JAMES H. FERGUSON, Starter.
Aty\ FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olJs and upward; purse, $350.
Index Horse. Age. Weight.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Jock/ys.
290 Howard, a 104] 1
392 Hohenlohe, 3 101 6
2"9 Don Gara, 5 110 8
412 Kamsin, 5 104 3
Si' 3 Fig Leaf, 4 309 10
327 O'Fleeta, 6 104. 9
206 Coda, 5 1041 4
317 Oak Leaf, 4 104 2
356 Aluminum, 3 99 7
329 Gracias. 3
... The Waif. 3 110.11
...
:::
1 6
4 4
6 h
9 h
10
84
6 2
34
7 hi
2 1
11
18
28
3 h
7 4
64
8 4
9 1
5 h
10 12
4 2
11
16 16
22 2 3
33 3 1
64 4 1
42 6 3
64 6 2
7 1 .76
9 4 ' 8 2
10 20 9 4.
8 4 10 20
11 . 11
sweii
'oods
Sloan
rawley
ray
olmes
4
4
4
6
5
10
4
5
6
10
12
4
6
6
4
1')
U5
8
10
. 7
20
60
timer
eauchamp ..
Ward
evln
acklin
Time— hi, :244; 4. :4SV4: %. 1:14*4. Winner. R. E. Dolan's eh. g. by Tyrant-Mayetta.
Fair start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Howard, clear from all interference, won as he wished. Kamsin had worked "great
pun?." but was badly messed about. Gray on Fig Leaf was asleep when the barrier was
released. Coda Is no sprinter. Oak Leaf grew weary early in the struggle.
Scratched— Mhia? 1"7, Miss Dividend 99. La Maroma 99.
AOO SECOND RACE— Futurity course (170 feet less than six furlongs); two-year-olds;
**<&;£,• ■ puree. $350. '
Index. Horse.
Weight St.
St.
li"
1
; 5
\\
jj
%m.
Urn.
4m.
2 1
6 1
1% -
3 h
7 1
4 2
6 1
8
4m.
%m. Str.
%m.
2 n
4 4
11
8 3
7 2
6 2
6 1
_8
Str.
2 1
3 3
1 H
4 1
7 6
5 2
6 hi
8
Fin. Jockeys.
12 H. Martin.....
2 2 Gray
8 1 Thorpe ....
4hi I. Powell
6 2 Devin
6 4 J. Ward
710 N. Turner
8 \Q. Wilson
402 Rey Hooker li
319 Tiburon 1(
402 Banewor 1'
397 Strongoll 11
404 Martello 1(
403 Rosebeau li
331 Gilt Edge V
100 Fiero 1
6-5
12
2
6
12
4
12
30
6-5
30
4
9
30
3
20
100
Time— To %. :21\; hi. :46: %. 1:03; short \, 1:12. Winner. T. E. Latta's eh. o. by El
Rio Rey-Ogalena. Good start. Won handily. Second and third driving.
With an even break Tiburon would have given the winner a strong argument. Ward
on Rosebeau was bungling in his efforts. Strongoll run hip race at the post.
AOO THIRD RACE— and a sixteenth miles; three-year-olds and upward: purse
T-^O* $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
410 First Call, 3 105 i
410 Frank Jaubert, 6... 92
359 Wheel of Fortune, 6. X
409 McFarlane, 6 tt]
362 Tenrica. 3 S3.
324 Losette, 3 S3,
400 Elldad, 8 98!
3
I
5
1
2
!
7
IS
4
14
3 4
4 4
2 4
7
5 1
6 1
Std.
%m. 4m.
12
3 4
4 1
23
6 4
6 h
7
12
34
4 1
2 2
5 1
7
6 3
1 4
3 2
4 4
2 h
6 2
6 3
7
%m.
Str.
13
2 h
4 1
3 1
c 4
6 6
7
Fin.
2 n
3 hi ,
4 h 1
B 6
6 10
7
Jockeys.
[Turner
; McNlchols ...
;i>evin
)Joe Weber
|E. Stlmpson..
jj. Relff
>-2 9-3
7 12
•10 9-10
10 20
25 100
20 50
12 30
IHolmes
Time— l-16, :07; 6-16, :31; 9-16, :584: 13-16, 1:20^; mile, l:40>4; 1 1-16 m., U4VA. Winner
P. Ryan's b. c. by imp. Order-Ranette. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving'
First Call waa a veritable "Hindoo." The Wheel's work In private was disappointing."
Elidad Is a rainy weather horse.
4Q4 FOURTH RACE— One mile; two-year-olds; Oakland Prize Stake; value. $1250.
Index. Horse.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
H. Shields....
I. Powell
Plggott
H. Martin
(408) Olinthus 115 5 4% 3 1 lh 114 1 n H. Shields.... 10 "5
3:-4 Pam McKeever 115 1 4 6 5 41 33 S S 11. Powell < liT?
333 Lirnewater 1111 2 3% 44 6 41 36 Plggott i 4 10
(343) Ailyar lloi 1 13 ijj 3 4 6 4h H.Martin 6-5 1
__34fl 1 Humidity U2| 3 2 1 2 h H 2 4 6 |Thorpe 6-5 2
Time— X, :24V. 4, :49%; %, 1:14%; mile. 1:41. Winner, J. O. Brown & Co.'s eh o by
Red Iron-Lily Wright. Good start. Won first three driving.
Thn winner ran in blinker* and forgot to sulk. Powoll's slovenly work In letting loose
of McKeever'a head the last part lost the race for that colt. Ailyar showed none of his old-
time spped. Limewater was pocketed at stretch turn.
Scratched— Baby King 100. First Tenor 115, Saintly 111, Jingle Jingle 108, La Penltente 115
5
4
I 2
1
3
4 4
5
34
1 3
2 1
3 1
I
4 4
1 4
2 h
1 h
4 1
■ 6
34
2 4
1 4
3 3
4 1
5
24
1 n
25
3 6
4 h
6
Thorpe
iQE FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; all ages; purse, $400.
Index Horse. Age. Weight.
Hm.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
H. Turner
Thnnu
365 Rosormonde, 3 109 5
(iV) Recreation. 3 109 3
407 Joe Ullman, 4 116 1
401 Highland Ball, 3. ..112; 2
412 Guilder, 3 102 6
(315) Rainier, 2 88 1 4
392 Prince Tyrant. 3... .1051 7
1 1
24
5 4
8 h
4 1
■i-7*i->
6_h
1 1
6 4
2 h
8 h
4 1
6 4
1 4
5 1
< 1
2 4
3 h
4 1
7
1 6
34
6 1
2 4
4 h
6 1
7
1 ns
2 1
8 6
44
-6 4
61
7
Thorpe
L. Relff
Plggott
McNlchols ...
Devln
Gray
E 8
1 7-5
S 5
10 40
12 60
3 11-5
15 30
Time— %, :13; 96, :37; %. l:01V4; %, 1:27. Winner, J. Naglee Burkes b. i. by Imp Ormonde
Imp. Fairy Rose. Good start. Won first three driving.
Joe rilrnan should have won by himself. Rplff took him to the rear, and then gave bet-
tors the "English roll" for their money. Thorpe, aetrlde the favorite, also rode a poorly
judged race. Considering the" weight carried. Highland Ball made a good showing. Rainier
got away badly tangled up.
AC)£i SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs;
; purse, $400.
Index Horse. Agre. Weight.
4m.
?4m.
Str.
Jockeys.
N. Turner
H. Martin
Thorpe
327 Sly. 4 1'
... Mldian, 3 1<
818 Shaxta Water, 4....H
413 Mainstay. S l;
(142) Lady Ashley, 3 1'
327 Manzanilla, 4 1(
32 Nonchalance, 4 1
396 Rlcardo. a 1<
S
4
2
B
7
«
I
6 1
2 h
8 4
1 2
5 h
4 H
8
7 h
3 4
2h
4 8
I h
64
6 1
8
7 h
3 h
1 h
i>
. 6 1
6 2
7 h
8
5 S
6 3
7 h
8
H. Shields....
Frawley ....
Powell
Ellis
Devln
1
4
8
2
12
15
100
25
2
12
7-2
2
30
25
160
12
Time— hi. :25; 4. :49; V 1:14. Winner, Lassen Stable's b. m. by Racine-Aurella 11. Good
start. Won first three driving.
Sly is a great stretch runner. Mtdlan was well keyed up. Mainstay itopped the last
part. Ricardo had no chance after the etart.
Scratched— Myth 109, Mamie Q 109. Don Luis 104. Homwtake 104.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I IF YOU ALLOW
* . . A Drugrgrist to "palm off" cheap substitute upon you, when
you ask for & Genuine Article, he attacks your intellectuality.
I IF CONSTIPATED YOU WANT RELIEF.
| ; NATURE HAS PROVIDED THE REMEDY.
I .. • YOUR DRUGGIST HAS IT.
> YOUR PHYSICIAN WILL RECOMMEND IT.
2HTI lunyadi Jftnos £g&
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1803.
OLINTHUS, AT
30 TO 1, WAS A
BIG SURPRISE
Captured the Oakland
Prize Stakes.
SAM M'KEEVER WAS SECOND
THE FAVORITE, AILYAR, RAN
UNPLACED.
A Large Attendance at Oakland Re
opening Day — Three Favorites
in Front — First Call in
Great Fettle.
The strapping chestnut colt Olinthus
proved the sensational performer reopen
ing day at the track over the bay. Over
i looked in the betting by the major por
i tion of the crowd, he landed the Oakland
j Prize stake, valued at J1250, from a select
1 bunch of youngsters, with 30 to 1 offered
about him in the ring. The crowd fa
i vored Ailyar, even though the distance,
one mile, was further than he had ever
been asked to go, and Pat Dunne's colt
closed an even money choice. The Burns
| & Waterhouse stable scratched First
i Tenor, thinking Humidity good enough to
win, and the brown tilly had a stanch fol
lowing. Sam McKeever and Llmewater
were the only other starters. At the start
Martin skimmed away in the lead with
| the favorite, but was nabbed before half
i the distance had been covered by both
Olinthus arid Humidity. Into the stretch
Henry Shi. lds had Olinthus in front, and
stalling off the challenge of Powell astride
Sam McKeever the last sixteenth, won by
a neck in 1:41 flat. Limewater was a fair
third. The two choices followed, several
lengths away.
The racing throughout, while interesting
enough, was of the uncertain sort. Fa
vorites managed to elope with tliree
purses. The track was lightning fast,
and some very fast time was hung out.
In the opening event at six furlongs,
with a cluster of eleven selling platers
facing the barrier, there was no pro
nounced choice. Howard, at fours, was
one of the short priced ones, and won all
the way, ridden by Powell. Hohenzollern
was a handy second over Don Gara.
The chestnut colt Rey Hooker looked
the best of the two-year-olds in the
event following, and at odds of 6 to 5 took
command in the stretch, winning with
little to spare from the outsider Tiburon.
Banewor stopped the last part.
Joe Harvey's useful mare. Wheel of
Fortune, on her past notable feats, had a
strong call in the betting on the mile and
a sixteenth run. She failed, to run within
pounds of some of her ordinary perform-
I ances, and was beaten for the place by
Frank Jaubert. For the long end of the
purse it was only a gallop for First Call,
the second choice, which stepped uif the
distance in 1:46%.
i The aristocratically bred Rosormonde
I captured the seven furlong event, and was
assuredly fortunate. The ring laid 8
to 1 against the mare's chances, and in
front from the start she led the favorite,
Recreation, past the wire a scant head.
Joe I'llman was pounds the best, but Les
ter Reiff so frightfully chopped it up in
his saddle work that the gelding finished
in third place.
The final six furlonp sprint went to Sly,
the 2to 1 favorite. Turner made his move
with the mare in the stretch, winning
cleverly from Midian, a 15 to 1 shot, by
half a length.
Track Notes,
The judges suspended Lester Rclff for
his ride on Joe Ullman.
The stand sent for the bookmakers'
sheets after the Wheel of Fortune race,
but nothing of a suspicious nature w^s
noted.
Quite a number of the books were
touched up over the win of Olinthus. Jack
Atkins was a winner to the extent of
$3000. Several others not numbered among
the "regulars" also took some coin away
from the rinp.
Etghteen books laid prices. Caesar
Young Is again taking a rest. Likewise
Willie Applegate.
Nash Turner was the star of the riding
brigade. He piloted First Call, Rosor
monde and Sly past the wire winners.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Futurity course; three-year-olds
and upward; selling.
392 C'appy 107 264 Captive 110
... Meadowlark ....107: 336 Cardwell .110
336 Fly 1071 356 Paul Kruger.. ..110
(337) Glen Anne 1071 22 JOe Terry 110
(360)Cavallo 107 (4f>4)F.spirando 107
421 Aluminum 107 336 Colonial Dame.. 107
837 Rosemald 107 ... Flacon 110
... Thu Last 107 354 Wyoming 107
392 Sennits 1101
Second Race— Six furlongs; selling; two-year
olds
291 Midlove 108 403 Dunpralse 11l
331 l'olka 108 136 Inola V)S
422 Ru.xebeau 108 334 Headwater 108
2SO lily 1081
Third Race — Six furlongs; all ages; purse.
273 Midas 122 194 Joe Cotton 119
301 La Parasseuse.. 84 353 Little T Q 114
3uV Rose of Peru 91, 40S Ulm 87
219 The Offering.... »l| 410 Eventide 118
404 Peach Blossom.. 84 ! 425 Guilder 107
319 Dlara 941 319 Bonibel 84
Fourth Race— One and a quarter miles; sell
ing; three-year-olds and upward.
.. Percy W 97 S»2 Robert Bonner.. 90
322 Veloz 101 414 Mistleton 100 I
407 Myth 1011
Fifth Race — One mile; selling; three-year-olds
and upward.
421 Hohenlohe 107 413 Bonnie lone lCtf
3*9 Colonel Dan llOj 342 None Such 104
357 Imperious 109]
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and i
upward; Belling.
413 Libertine 112 (301)Peixotto 107 ;
(407)Whitcomb 105 32$ Spt. McAllister.loß |
(396jMidllght 105 21>3 Lost Girl 105
2SO Defender 106 1 412 Judge Stouffer..los
Selections for To-Day.
First Race — Fly, Captive, Cappy.
Second Race — Headwater. Midlove. Rosebeau.
Third Race— Ulm, Bonibel, Guilder.
Fourth Race — Veloz, Myth, Robert Bonner.
Fifth Race — Imperious, Colonel Dan, Hohen
lohe.
Sixth Race— Peixotto. Midlight, Whitcomb.
PASSING EVENTS.
Belgium, with 7,000,000 people, has 220,000
Baloons. .
Henry Reeman and Mary Randall were
lnvates of the Osborne County, Kansas,
poorhouse up to last Saturday, when they
eloped, leaving behind a notice to the su
perintendent that they had "gone out Into
the gardens of hope to sip of the flowers
of love."
Of all the Congressmen who accepted I
army appointments for the recent war
General wheeler is the only one who did
not draw Congressional salary during mil- i
itary service. Before joining his forces |
General Wheeler had his name taken off [
the Congressional pay roll, and his salary
was turned into the surplus.
Melba has been writing her autobi
ography for a London weekly, and her
native city has taken exception to some
of the statements made therein. It is
cynically said in Melbourne that the
"town residence" of which the prima
donna speaks in so large a way was a
"wooden cottage at the bottom of Simp- '
son's road, Richmond" — a very plebeian i
quarter, indeed. It is also said that the j
country place" that figures in the mem- j
oirs was "only a bush nut."
A Russian shopkeeper recently posted I
the following announcement in front of |
his place of business: "The reason why ;
I have hitherto been able to sell my goods j
bo much cheaper than anybody else is that ■
I am a bachelor, and do not need to make '■
a profit for the maintenance of a wife
and children. It is now my duty to in- j
form the public that this advantage will :
shortly be withdrawn from them, as I am ■
about to be married. They will, there- '
fore, do well to make their purchases at '
once at the old rate."
Colonel Roosevelt planned to hold a con- !
ference with Senator Platt this morning,
says a dispatch to the Chicago Tribune,
from Boston, where he was billed to deliver
and then take the 1 p. m. limited express '
a lecture at the Lowell Institute. But !
he did not get any further away from his :
country home at Sagamore Hill than the j
Oyster Bay Railroad depot. The snow j
storm of Tuesday night tied up the Long
Island Railroad and knocked all his plans '
into a cocked hat. But the colonel did not
waste the day. He put in the afternoon
dictating one of a series of magazine ar
ticles he has contracted to contribute to
a leading periodical. The colonel talked
to hia stenographer for three hours and
finished the article. For each contribution
to the magazine he receives $1000, and he
actually earned that sum by his after
noon's work. At the pace the colonel la
bored he made $333.33 per hour, or $5.55
and a fraction per minute.
The Newest Stamp.
Letters reached London on Friday
evening which had been posted at Khar
toum on October 25, having thus taken
only seventeen days to travel from the
Central Soudan, which a few months ago
was absolutely closed to postal communi
cation. The rapidity of transmission is,
remarks the London correspondent of the
Birmingham Daily Post, eloquent testi
mony to the splendid organizing power at
work out there, while the completeness
of the postal service is further attested
by the excellent impression of the post
mark stamp, bearing the word "Khar
toum," with the date and hour of port
ing in English and Egyptian characters
The new Soudan postage stamp, by the
way, bears an inscription which is not
without significance, In that the words
"Soudan postage" are printed in English
The Egyptian postage stamps, it must be
remembered, bear French inscriptions
The rebuilding of Khartoum has, I hear"
already been commenced with enerw —
London Pall Mall Gazette.
What One Woman's Vanity Cost Her.
A curious story comes from Monte Car
lo, the heroine of which lias, says the
Paris correspondent of the Daily Tele
graph, lost a. large sum through excusa
ble feminine vanity. She entered the
Salle while a former friend and protector
of hers was winning in a sweeping style
that seemed destined to break the bank.
"1 am so glad to see you here, Prince
ar.d in such lurk, too," she exclaimed!
"Do tell me a lucky number; it is sure
to win. for you are now in the vein "
The Prince generously placed a pile of
gold louis before tho vivacious lady,
whose beauty had successfully defied the
effects of thirty-six winters, and gaid
"Put It all on the number of your years
and reap a golden harvest." The la<i> re
fleeted, hesitated, and then placed it on
twenty-seven. An instant later the crou
pier sang out, "Thirty-six red wins." The
lady muttered, "Ah. man Dieu; ihirty-
Bix is exactly my age," and fainted on
the spot.
Why the Church Is Divided.
A Methodist minister became mixed up
with a barb-wire fence in Harlem Coun
ty and a farm boy heard what he said,
and now there is trouble in the church. —
Denver Post-
_^^^ . ADVERTISEMENTS. I_llV.
\ Jl / V c/-^^Hj
I Piper Heidsieck 1
%' Plug Tobacco j$
m. when they make a " strike/* as it is the richest If
mf " mother lode in Tobacco ever discovered. It »
*% has been "worked " for twenty years, and the Sf
By vein is as rich and deep as ever, and is always . i
ar on the same level. It assays pure and per- -\ w
2p feet." TrythelO-c . piece to-day. 9
I CHAMPAGNE FLAVOR. I
jllljy^iji^^^ Doctor
JlipP^sP^lis M E y E R S
(Slf *#S§jfamt Specialists for Men
BWMffIS^P No I>By Till Cured.
V^JV Dnlortunatc men who can.
lcO^L3^2^^^ vice aad i <rlv * te 1 " X)k —
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS. „ ALL FREE.
Thoui»ndi cured at borne.
All letter* confidential. No Charge for Consultation.
731 MABKKT ST., }Elevat«r Entrance.
10l SAX FBANCIBCO } Elevat » r Entrance.
sHeadache and lndlgestlonCure
Is the only remedy on the market that
will cure every form of Headache in 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and
every traveler's gripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures 25c.
nu|^/^ WHEN YOU .
Re l uir3 an ELEC
BELT get "Dr.
Pierre's" and you will
I vX not be disappointed.
*ATkT~ Call or address PIERCE
n ELECTRIC CO.. 620
■•it* St. (opp. Mace Hote 1 ), S. F.
'YET* V ' ' M LOST VITALITY
IXICrt VMM lost vigor.
J&&Hi!s§h m AND MANHOOD
U&xf*jl Cures Impotencv Night Emissions and wasting
VS»i3X*M diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
\Sj^ i»j| indiscretion. A nerve^onic and blood-builder.
. +9&f Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and re*
LBv I stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
Rwk^SfL bon 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
jjj? guarantee to cure or refund the money,
■mil a Cnedic.it Co., CHnton ft (Jackson sts., Chicago.
WALLER BROS.. 83 Grant aye., San Francisco.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
025 HEABItT NT. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing; on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctorcurea when
others fall. Try him. Charges low
4iiri'ki;uarantr<'d. Cailorwrlte.
3>r. J. 1'- UlltltOX. Box 1957, San Francisco.
■ lit! /**^^*^A jßftjM MBflP^ \ j j^^^V Jlliii& \Rvft^****«®^^
** I think Ripans Tabules about the best thing
there is, w said the Colonel; "I guess they are THE
best ! I was sitting the other evening smoking and drink-
ing a little whisky and water ; there were four of us there
and one complained of being very uncomfortable. When
he had told us about it I said to him, all that ails you is
indigestion,' and I gave him a Ripans Tabule from a little
vial I had in my pocket. We each of us took one, and
since then I have learned. that every one of the three has
bought the TABULES and thinks them the greatest
things there are a going.'*
BAlLBOAT) TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE)
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
. RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:SO
and 11:30 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUN-DAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
6:00, 6:25 p. m. ■
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. " : • - ;
Leave FT Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect ' San Francisco.
October 18, i
Week Sun- IS9B. Sun- j Week
Days, j days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:3oanV Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pnl Santa Rosa, 7:35pm 6:22 pm
U- V ••! ■■'•■?■ Fulton,'
7:30 am Windsor, 10:26 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton, ■ •
Geyservllle, .-. '< .• i
8:30 pm 8 :00 am Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:22pm
Hopland and
7:30 am 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 6:22 pm
7:30 am • 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:85 pm
8:30 pm ..... 6:22 pm
7:Boam 8:00 am Sonoma , 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:lopm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:22pm
7:3oam 8:00 am . Sebastopol. ' 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:3opm s:oopm 7:35pm 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle for Skagg3 Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartiett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrin Heights, Huilvllle, Booneville. Orr's
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal, Wlllitts. Laytonville, Cum-
ming's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olaen'a, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round . trip tickets at
reduced rates. '
On Sundays round trip tickets to all -points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bids'.
H. C. WHITING, R. 'X. RYAN,
• General Manager. ; Gen. Pass. Agent.
AUCTION SALES.
1 i
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
&* AT £*
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET.
327 Sixth Street.
THIS. DAI'.
WEDNESDAY. DEC. 28, AT 11 A. M.
By order of Mayor Phelan
We will sell a lot of Fire Department horse*,
also a lot of Buggies, Wagons. Harness, etc.
SULLIVAN & DOYL-E.
Live Ptock Auctioneers.
RAILROAD TBAVEL. •
NOtITIIKKN IMCII'If PABT.T.
(PACtriO MYMTBM.)
Train* Irßir itnil nr« <lnw to arrive Ml
MAN ritAN<:i*< O. ■
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.) ■
leave — From Deo. 18. 1898. — arriti
•6:00 a Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... •J<:l3a
7:00 a Ki-nicia, Suisuu and Sacramento.... 3: 13p
7:OOa MarysTiUe. OroTilleand Bedding Tia
Woodland S:43p
7:00 a Klmlra. Vaoarille and Runisey »i43p
7:30 a Martinez, .inn Uaiuon. V.illpjo. Napa, ■
. Calistoga and Sou U Rosa 0:13p
' A:OOa Atlantic Kxpretis, Ogilen and Kast.. Bt43p
HfiiOA Sail Jose, LiTermore, Stockton,
lone, Saorainento, Plaotrrille,
Maijstlll.-, Chico, lle.l lSluOf -lilSp
B:Boa. *Milton, Oakdale and Jamestown... . 4il9p
•:(Mla Martlnex. Tracy, Latbrop, Htookton,
Merced «nd Fresno IStISp
• :OO A Fresno, Bakerslield. "Santa ItnrUara,
Los Angeles, Doming, El Paso,
New Orleans and Bast flt43p
lOiOOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:4Sp
I«:OOm Niles, LiTermore, Stockton. Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
Pcrterrille .r?r-. 4:l»r
•I:00f Sacrameuto Hirer Steamers *8:OOp
4:Oi»r MartiurT., Hail Uamoii, Vallejo,
Nupa, (.'alitti.ga. Santa Itosa 9il3a
4:00p BcDleia, Vacavllie, Saorainento,
Woodland. Kulghte Landing,.
MarysTille. Orofllle 10:43 a
4:SOp Nile*, San Jose aud Stockton 7il3p
S:OOpSan Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bakenfield, Los
Au««les ■. i 9 :4 *,
S:3op Stockton, Merced, Fresno...: 12:13r
5:3«p Martinez, Tracy, I'rndoU. Fresno,
1 Mnjare, Sauba Barbara and I .us .- '
Am.,.!,-. ... • o<43a
I5:00P Pacific Coast Limited, El Paso*
Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East {9 A
OiSnp rlaiiLn I" JtoiiMs. Ai.b.,il.. i. >ium -.
for Moja»«i ami Kiwt. ; 0:13p
ffiOOr lCnropean Mall. K ,i,-.. nuii Kast.... 0:45 a '
6:OOp Hay wards, Niles and San- Jose 7i43a.
*«:OOi- Vallejo 18:I8p
t7>oop Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions Jo:43p
BiO9p Oregon JCzprens,Haorameiito, Marys-
Tille, Iteil.lii.K. Portluml, l'uget
Sum, d and I.a.it Sill)*
■ I 0:03 p Sunset Limited. Fresno, I.os
Angeles, Xl Paso, New Orleans
- and Kast H:i3p
' SAN LKANOICO A\l> IUVWAUIK I,O( AI.. '
(Foot of Market Street.)
■ 1 Helroup, Henilnary Park, t
M:00a KUrliliurs;. Klniliursl; 6:13 a
' i<l:O0* San I.fAmlrn, South Kan t*»:43A
lO.OWa J.fsn.lro. Kstadlllo, JO:43a
lUiHa Lore Clierry \ I*:<3p
B«M>p and (1:43p
»=•«' llajnards. ««$'
7:00p i uu , througU to Nile.. 7: * Jif>
) X From Niles. I
COAST DIVISION (Narrow «nngc).
(Foot of Market Street.) ___,
- 15 a Newark.CeutsrTiUe.San Joee.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Crur and Way
Stations 3:50»
*2sl3p Newark. Cectervlllo, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Station* »Jo:3©a
4:1 Newark, San Jose and Los Gatos. . . «:30a
flli43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Buttons t7:g<*p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rroaStH mKCISCO— foot of Market Street (Slip —
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 *2:30 13:00
•1:00 16:00 *6:oor.ii.
rrsmOtlUXD— Po»l of Broad wit.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
112:00 •1:00 12:00 »3:03 11:00 "8:00 P.M.
COAST VISION (Broad Onuge). '
: ' " (Third and Towngend Sta.) |
7<ooa San Jose and Way .Stations (New - *
Almaden Wednesdays only) ° l<3op
9:00 a Han Josq, Tres IMnos, Hunta Cruz, V ,: , -.-; •
Pacific (irove. Paso Hnbles, San
Luis Oliisi.n. Guadalupe. Surf and
Principal Way .SUtiMiis 4:10r
lOi4Oa San Jose ami Way Stations »Biooa.
II:3«a Sac Jose ami Way Stations • Bi33A
*a-.43i-San Matro, Redwood. Menlo Park, ' .';*
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Han Jose,
ODriiy. Hollister, Santa Cruz, .
Salinas, Monterey and Pacino '■' " ■
drove • •I«i8«a
•BiSOp San Jose and Way Stations •*»:<io*.
*4il3r San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:43 a
•3tOOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
btSOp San Jose and Principal Way -Stations 5:30p
fi»Or San Jose and Way Stations- 7:SOp
tlli43p San Jose and Way Stations.. ... . *>!»• r
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Hnndays eioopted. ! Sundays only, t Saturdays only
■[Mondays and Thursdays. aTueidays and Saturdays.
■ |3aturrUv« and Wednesdays. bThursdavn and Sundays. •
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves ban
Francisco via Los Angeles at 8.
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following: Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
Yorkat l:3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DININQ CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-,
servatlon Car and Electrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAI FUICISCO TICKfIfICE— IS MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 16SL
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offloe— 2ol J Street
San Joae Offioe— 7 West Santa Olara Si
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET '
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:20, *9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; •I:4s,
1:46. 6:15. »6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday*.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »S:00. •10:00, ni:3o a; m. ; '1:15,
3:00. '4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, •6:85, 7:45. »9:30 a. m.;
•12:20, 2:20, »2:45, 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. •S:00, •10:00. 11:55 a. m.j
•1:15. *3:10, 4:40, *6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM -MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45, 7:55. 9:40 a, tn.;
12:35, 2:45. 3:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday* ■
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:06 a. m. : 13:05, 1:20. 3:20,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a.m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns. .
1:45 p.nv Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:S0 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta'i.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10, IS9B. trains will run as follows:
. South-bound. .' North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. ! Sunday Sunday • ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Daily.
B:2oam 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm! 5:50 pm
10:10 am 2:05 pm - Merced 12:40 pm 4:03 pm ;
11:40 ami s:3opm Fresno '. 9.30 am 2:32pm
12:3Spm 7:45pm Han{crd 7:45 am I:33pm
3:20 pm 12: JO am Bakersfleld 2:30 am 11:25 am
12:E8pm B:sopm Vlsalla B:4Oami 1:15 pm
Stopptng at lnterm^ulate points as required. :
For particulars of stase and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
street, San Francisco . -' . •
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
■ (Via Pausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday.
Sept. 1V189S: ■ '
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. »1.
THOS. COOK ft SON. Agents. 621 Market
street. San . Francisco.
V^il!!S!SlS9f^in.ni B '<? *J is a non-poison^ss
(<^sis^^^^i remedy for Gonorrhtea;
J&J&rcVHEa^Sai Olset, SpermatorrhceZ
g&SWtn 1 to i <i*r>'^H " hlt«», unnatural dii.
MBsm OL»r»nf-d f| charges, or any inflarama-
Hl not to stricture. tiou, irritation or ulcer*-
B*~-^PreTenu conation. tion of mucous mem-.
tfT»arHEEvAN3CHEUiruCO. brancs< Non-astringent.
WssAgiNClnmi.O.isWW Sold by JDra^gi.t*.
c S x jgffiT? l " Bent ln plain wrapper,
J^B^^l~^^M i»y n *», prepaid, fo« '
1 >£*£9£fesgjsfp o il 11-00, .or 3 bottles, «2.7&.
i"nßßr*v'i "nBBr*v' ■ Circular tint oa nttjxzH,
Weekly Call, $1. 00 per Year
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MRS, BRANDES
CHAFES UNDER
LONG DELAY
Her Hearing Will Be
Very Short.
MAY LAST BUT TWO DAYS
SHE OBJECTS TO USELESS TRIPS
TO COURT.
Will Surely Have to Stand Trial for
the Alleged Murder of
Little Lillian
Brandes.
Oakland Office, San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Dec. 27.
Mrs. Etta Brandes was very much an
noyed to-day at being taken from the
County Jail to Justice Cliffs court merely
to hear her case continued until to-mor
row morning. The prisoner turned up her
nose in disgust wnen she learned that the
walk from the jail and the endurance of
the curiosity of the big lobby were alike
unnecessary.
Judge Allen evidently Is very confident
Of securing the holding of the woman for
trial, for he said to-day that he can com
plete the prosecution in half a day unless
gome unforeseen circumstances arise. The
testimony will be nearly the same as in
the caae of Mrs. Brandes' husband, with
the exception of two new witnesses whom
the State will put on the stand.
Whenever Mrs. Brandes goes to court,
and she has been to hear her case con
tinued several times, she is always accom
panied by a female friend, who brings her
from the jail and takes her -: c-k. On
each of these useless visits, Mrs. Brandes
becomes more impatient, and to-day she |
asked Jailer Lane why they could not find j
out whether the case was to go on with
out annoying her by taking her to court.
When the- case wa.s called to-day her at
torneys stated that they had not had time
to look over the testimony in the case of
Brandos and that they would be ready \<>
proceed to-morrow morning. From this
ft is apparent that much of the testimony
in the husband's case will be submitted in j
evidence without going over the ground J
again in the case of the wife. Mrs. Bran- j
dcs will be taken to the Justice's Court '
again to-morrow morninn- jind her exam
ination will commence. Under no circum
stances, it Is believed, will the hearing oc
cupy more than two days.
BLOW TO THE DEFENSE.
The Donovan Case Shows an
Injury Similar to Lillian's.
OAKLAND, Dec. 27.— The main stay of
the defense in the Brandes murder case
sustained a vital setback to-day from an
unexpected source. That source was an
autopsy held during the day by Drs. Bu
teau and Kane on the remains of Patrick
Donovan, a laborer who was found un
eonsoious in front of a saloon on lower
Broadway, a few evenings ago, and who
died twenty hours laJer.
The revelations completely kitock
away the underpinning ' of :he
Brandes case that Lillian B.\ind?s
theory of the defense in the
did not 6it f'om injuries sustained to
her skull through a beating because the
skull was intact and the scalp showed no
abrasions. The autopsy on. Donovan's
head showed a still more remarkable con
dition. There were ho abrasions of ihe
scalp, yet when l>rs. Cane and Buceau
laid bare the skull of .Donovan they found
jt badly fractured and the same condition
<if hemorrhage on the. brain existed as
was found in the case of Lillian Brandes.
Yet Donovan remained all night in a pris
on cell after his injury, was taken to the
Receiving Hospital the next morning,
where his rase was diagnosised as uaral
vsis of the brain, the result of a ia.ll. and
he lived well until the next morning be
fore iif died.
In Lllliiui Brandos' case.it Is claimed by
the prosecution that She. was beaten to
death by her father, while the defense
contend that she banged herself, and that
if beaten on the head, as claimed by the
prosecution, prior to the morning on
which Brandes alleges that he found her
hanging to her bedpost, her. death would
have been almost instantaneous and her
body would not have been still warm on
the morning after the beating. The de
fense also contends thai under such con
ditions there must have, been abrasions
of the scalp.
THE DONOVAN AUTOPSY.
Some Features That Seem to Puzzle
the Physicians.
OAKLAND. Dec. 27.— Dra. Buteau and
Kane conducted an autopsy on the re
mains of Patrick Donovan, the man pick
ed up at . a soloon.on lower Broadway
last Samrclay nighr, and found that the
dead man's skull had been fractured.
Much hemorrhage on the brain was found
and the doctors arc of the opinion that
this could not have been caused by one
hlow upon the head. Another peculiar
feature is that from the fall against a beer
barrel Donovan sustained a bruise over
the right eye, while the- fracture is fur
ther back over the <-ar.
Detective Qulgley, however, has been
working on thi- case, and states that ac
ror.iing to several witnesses who saw
Donovan fall his injuries were due to
these fails. Wit nesses also ' Bay that the
saloon-keeper did not throw the dead man
out. The inquest will now be held to
morrow <ir Thursday night.
Merchants Talk to Legislators.
OAKLAND. Dec. 27.— The Merchants' I
Exchange met to-night with several mem- i
bers of the Alameda legislative aelegatlon !
ito discuss certain bills relating to mu
,tual insurance, the garnishment of ottt- i
cial salaries, tunnel roads and other mat
ters In which the exchange Is interested.
Senators Stratton a.nd Taylor and Assem
blymen Knowland and Kelly were pres
ent, and were given the benefit of the
investigations ma.de by the exchange.
President Arper created a little sensa
tion by stating that the exchange had
"played even" with Assemblyman Way- ,
mire. who opposed the bill for garnisheeing ■
salaries at the last legislature. "But we
got even. " said President Arper, "a little
later. Our opponent was seeking higher
game, so we sent an interesting record
of the whole transaction to the White
House and we have every reason to be
lieve that it contributed largely toward
the desired result."
Another Parker Missing.
OAKLAND. Dec. -27.— There is another
J. R. Parker missing. In last Saturday's
Call appeared the following personal:
"Mr. J. R. Parker— Am hi San Jose,
Cal; write or come. Lill, I. O. O. F.,
room 24."
At the time this was thought to have
connection with the then missing attor
ney, J, R. Parker, but inquiry in San
Jose revealed the fact the personal was
meant for Joseph R. Parker of San Jose,
who left his family about six months ;ig<>
»hd was a plumber by trade. This is the
third Parker that has llgured as missing
or involved in mystery of late. Only last
week Joseph M. Parker, a stockman, died
suddenly at the . German Hospital on
Washington street.
Mrs. Holton Declared Insane.
OAKLAND, Dec. 27.— Mrs. Ada Holton.
the insane woman who murderously at
tacked Matron Hattie McDonald at the
Receiving ■ Hospital last Sunday night,
was finally examined by the Lunacy Com
misioners to-day and was committed to
Stockton by Superior Judge Greene. Mrs.
Holton is growing worse, if anything. She
constantly labors under the delusion tnat
people are trying to poison her. She also
imagined that Matron McDonald Intended
to kill her.
Fifth Ward Politics.
OAKLAND, Dec. 27.— Over sixty voters
of the Fifth Ward and of all political
faiths met to-night in Reed Hall and
unanimously nominate*! Frank M. Par
cells for Councilman-ut-large and Felton
Taylor for Ward Councilman. These
names will be presented to and urged
upon the various conventions for the
municipal election. The meeting was pre
sided over by Warren English and brief
addresses were delivered by Judge ,T. M.
Havens, J. C. Gilson, D. W. C. Gaskill,
A. C. Henry. Colonel George C. Edwards.
W. I. Reid, 11. C McPike, J. C. McChes
ney and Dr. L. R. Webster,
WAS NOT EXILED.
Brother Ambrose Perished on the
111-Fated La Bourgoyne.
OAKLAND, Dec. 27.— The report that
Brother Ambrose, who is well known in
this city, with other members of the
Christian Brothers, had been exiled to
India for breach of discipline, is incor
rect. Brother Ambrose perished in the .La
Bourgoyne disaster last July while on his
way to France for a few months' rest and
retreat. He was one of the best known
members of tne order on the coast, hav
ing resided in California nearly eignteen
years. Jie taught in St. Mary's College
in this city, and was afterward made
director of {he college at Sacramento. Jt
was at his own request that he was per
mitted to go to the mother ) arise in
France for a few months' recreation and
study. Brother Ambrose was not connect
ed in any way with the dispute that arose
about teaching certain studies in the
American colleges of the order.
The members of the American branch
of the order desired to teach Latin and
Greek in their colleges, but the classics
are not taught in the colleges in France,
and the parent house, which is situated
there, decided that the American order
must follow the parent house and not add
the classics to the college curriculum.
In vain the American brothers pleaded,
and the zeal of the leaders called down
the displeasure of the head of the house
and they were promptly disciplined, as
staled in a dispatch from New i'ork pub
lished in to-day's Call.
Brother Maurice, president of Lock
Hill College, Maryland, was sent to
India; Brother Felix, who resided in
California, was sent to England, and
Brother Paulian left hurriedly for France.
The impression seems to prevail, how
ever, that the classics will soon be in
troduced in all the American colleges, it
Is evidently only a matter of time when
the mother house will be forced to yield
in this matter.
ATTACKED HIS RIVAL
WITH A PITCHFORK
A BLOODY FIGHT BETWEEN
TWO GARDENERS.
Jealousy Over Employment at Mrs.
Seward's Place at Fitch
burg the Cause.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 27.
A lively fight occurred on the premises
|of Mrs. Lulu Seward at Fitchburg this
j efternoon between two gardeners^John
: Martin and Joe Slukam— in which a pitch
fork came near pinning the latter to t^e
ground.
Slukam formerly was employed as
gardener by Mrs. Seward, but the festive
cup proved his undoing, and he was dis
charged about three weeks ago. In the
interim Mrs. Seward had engaged Jonn
Martin, all of which detracted from Sm
kam's expected reception when he called
on Mrs. Seward this afternoon.
According to Mrs. Seward the dis
charged gardener became enraged when ■
he saw another in his old place, and words j
soon led to blows, and finally Martin em- i
ployed a pitchfork in ttie battle. Both
men were pretty badly bruised, Slukam
sustaining the worse injuries. One of the !
points of the fork pierced his forehead,
lacerating the side of his face, and the
index linger of the left hand was torn '
Wide open.
Both men were arrested and charged '
with disturbing the peace. Slukam was
taken to the County Jail, where Receiving >
Hospital Steward Tobin dressed his
wounds; But Martin was released oy !
Justice of the Peace "'lift on his own'
recognizance. Both are elderly men.
Mrs. Mentel's Arraignment.
OAKLAND. Dec. 27.— Mrs. Anna Men
tel. charged with the murder of her hus
band in Alameda. will be arraigned in
Superior Judge Ellsworth's court to
morrow morning. It is not likely that the
trial will be commenced this year.
A New City Wharfinger.
OAKLAND. Dec. 27.— The City Council
to-night appointed Fred Murdock. • ex
assistant engineer of the fire department,
to be city wharfinger. Wharfinger White
resigned because of his election as con
stable of Brooklyn township.
HELLER WILL CONTEST.
The Defeated Candidate Says That Sheriff-Elect
Rogers Broke the Law.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Dec. 27.
THERE ip. after all, to be an election contest. Notice of it was filed
this afternoon by Samuel W. Heller, who contests the election of
Sheriff-elect Oscar L. Rogers, who received a majority of something
like 1000 last November.
Mr. Heller was an independent candidate for Sheriff and in his
contest he outlines his political course during the campaign, and also the
fact that Sheriff-elect Rogers promised him a deputyship, which promise
has not been kept. The paper filed by
was the candidate aforesaid, Oscar L. Ropers sought and solicited the
friends of said contestant and secured the aid of said friends to get said
contestant to withdraw as said candidate, and as an inducement and con
sideration to said contestant for said withdrawal and to vote for him the
said Oscar L. Rogers, and for said contestant's aid and following and
support in the election of said Oscar L. Rogers, he, the said Oscar L.
Rogers did then and there offer and agree with Doctor George H. Der
rick, an elector of said Alameda County, who was then and there a
friend of said contestant and was acting for said contestant in that re
spect, to appoint the contestant to a public office, to wit. Deputy Sheriff
of Alameda County, to act on and after the Ist day of January, 1899, and
for four years thereafter, and such promise, agreement, inducement and
consideration was conveyed to said contestant by said Dr. George H. Der
rick, and in consideration of said offer, agreement, promise and Induce
ment said contestant did withdraw from said election as said candidate,
and did do all within his means and power in aid of the election of said
Oscar L. Rogers.
That after said offer, promise and inducement and the withdrawal of
said contestant from said election, and at a time prior to the Bth day of
November, 1898, said Oscar L. Rogers, with full knowledge of said offer,
promise and inducement and the withdrawal of said contestant, confirmed
said offer and promise, and did then and there agree to make such good in
every respect.
Contestant is informed and believes and therefore alleges the fact to
be that said Oscar 1.,. Rogers made like offers and promises prior to said
election and as an inducement in aid thereof, to W. S. Harlow, George
Taylor, W. W. Morrison, J. H. Striker, Elmer Walsh, George Wales, Wil
liam Holland, Hugh Smith and one O'Banion.
Wherefore contestant prays that said Oscar L. Rogers be not allowed
to take said office of Sheriff of Alameda County, to which he was
elected, and that the same be declared forfeited and null and void and for
such other and further relief that may be proper, with his costs herein.
Since his election Rogers has announced his deputies, and Heller is
not one of them.
THE SAT* FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 28, 189 S.
SUPERVISORS
TO REORGANIZE
NEXT WEEK
County Patronage to
Be Distributed.
DR. STRATTON MAY RETIRE
COUNCILMAN GIRARD WANTS
COUNTY REPORTS.
Reminds the Supervisors That They
Have Not Published Semi-Annual
Statements as Required
by Law.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 27.
At noon next Monday Alameda's new
county government will take office. All
the bonds have been approved, but the
oath of office will not be taken till Tues
day, as no leg-al swearing can be done on
a public holiday. There will be no changes
in the Board of Supervisors as regards its
personnel, for the two retiring candidates
succeed themselves. There will, however,
be a reorganization of the board, and this
means a reorganization of the patronage
which it controls.
The best places in the gift of the Super
visors are those in the County
Infirmary and Receiving Hospital, and it
now looks as though Dr. Stratton, a
brother of the Senator, would be retired
in favor of Dr. Porter. Dr. Stratton is at
the Receiving Hospital. Dr. Porter at the
jail, and there are several aspirants to
succeed Porter. So far there is no indica
tion that Dr. Clark will be disturbed at
the infirmary.
The Supervisors held their last meeting
of this term to-day and transacted some
routine business, but not until next Tues
day will they touch the patronage ques
tion. At to-day's meeting Councilman P.
R. Glrard sent the following letter to the
chairman of the board:
"Hon." J. R. Talcott. Chairman Board of
Supervisors— Dear Sir: I desire to call
your attention to the fact that the board
has not complied with the first portion of
subdivision 22. section 25. of the county
government act, which reads as follows:
"The board shall cause to be published a
semi-annual statement of the financial
condition of the county, showing in detail
!li>' . xpenditures authorized during the
preceding six months.' It seems to me
that it needs no comment to show the
necessity of such a statement, for me very
valuable Information that might be im
parted to every citizen of the county
would be very useful. F. R. GiRARD."
The matter was referred to the District
Attorney. •
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Dec. 27.— The demurrer filed
by Walter B. Buller to the divorce com
plaint of Lady Yarde-Buller ha^ been set
for hearing for January 9.
Superior Judge Ogden to-day denied a
divorce to Maria Oleveda on the ground
of cruelty, but allowed plaintiff $?0
monthly alimony for the support of her
self an/1 two children.
judge Greene this afternoon overruled
the demurrer of defendant in the suit of
Jose G. Morago versus Arcania K. and
Timothy Mahoney, brought for the re
covery of $1500 loaned for the purpose of
cnstructing an electric machine repre
sented to be of perpetual motion. De
fendants are given ten days in which to
answer.
John Leavy, for seventeen years tender
of the Webster street bridge, died at his
home on Seventh street, near Harrison,
last night.
Kelson Ladel and William Oriffln, who
confessed to the Galindo safe robbery
and who afterward were allowed to plead
guilty to chargps of petty larceny, were
sentenced by Police Judge Moore to-day
to four months and three months respec
tively in the City prison.
A musical afternoon will be given at
the home of Mrs. W. R. Davis, corner of
Heller's attorneys, Sawyer & Burnett,
la an Interesting document. It sets?
forth that prior to November 12 of this
year, and during the year 1898, this
contestant was an Independent candi
date for the public office of Sheriff of
Alameda County, to be voted for at
the election held on the Bth day of
November, 1898, and as such candidate
was Indorsed by the electors compris
ing what was and is known as the
People's Party, or Middle of the Road
People's Party, also the indorsement
and nomination of a great many so
cieties and orders, composed of elec
tors within said county, and also a
large individual following of electors
within paid county.
That Oscar L. Rogers was at all
the times herein and still is the regu
lar Republican candidate for the pub
lic office of Sheriff of Alameda County,
to be voted for by the electors of said
county on the B<h day of November,
3S9S. and on or about the I7th day of
November, 189S, was declared the duly
elected Sheriff of Alameda County.
That at a time in the month of Oc
tober, 1898, and while said contestant
Prospect avenue and Summit street, next
Saturday for the benefit of Fabiola Hos
pital.
T. R. Grimwood, the motorman who has
been roaming about armed with two re
volvers and who it was alleged threat
ened to shoot any one attempting to ar
rest him. has calmed down and returned
to his home. The police will not inter
fere with him so long as he conducts him
self like a sane man.
The entire estate of Arthur yon Gieg
lingen, who died y his own hand sev
eral months ago. appraised at $1245, and
including a pipe collection that was
thought to be worth $7000, was to-day set
apart to Georgiana. widow of decedent.
Charles Hupprecht, 'harles Prowse and
D. S. Smaller were appointed appraisers
of the estate of Thomas Gray this morn
ing.
Letters of administration were also is
sued to Public Administrator W. H.
Knight on the estate of Cornelius A. Don
ahue, who died at Yountville, Napa Coun
ty, on the 32th inst.
Sarah Ann Flint has been appointed
executrix of her husband. Samuel Flint,
deceased, late assistant superintendent of
the railway mail service, who was killed
by a train on Fourteenth street several
weeks ago.
Letters of administration have been is
sued to Eliiah B. Stanwood on the estate
of Mrs. Abby L. Marble, who was killed
at San I^eandro on the Ist inst.
YON SCHMIDT GAINS A POINT.
His Wife Fails to Secure the Court's
Order for Alimony.
ALAMEDA. Dec. 27.— E. A. yon Schmidt
had his first tussle in court this morning
in connection with his wife's suit for a
separation. The captain was represented
by Attorney Hugh Aldrich and he won a
signal victory. His wife's motion for $300
attorney's fees and $100 a month alimony
pending the proceedings was denied. Cap
tain yon Schmidt then voluntarily offered
to pay $75 a month for tne maintenance of
his children. He stated this evening to
a Call reporter that his wife, through her
representatives, had offered to drop the
proceedings and rf-turn to him for the
sake of the children, but that he had re
fused to entertain any proposition to com
promise.
"1 will provide for the children in any
event," said Yon Schmidt, "but as long
as my wife has gone to this extreme I
propose to fight the matter out In the
courts with her to the bitter end. I do
not object to a separation, but I will con
test any effort she may make to secure
permanent alimony."
LIBRARY TRUSTEES
MAY HAVE TO PAY
WILL BE HELD FOR THE HAR-
BOURNE SHORTAGE.
Citizens Claim the Board Conducted
Its Business Carelessly and Gave
Too Much Power to the
Librarian.
ATjAMEDA, Dec. 27.— A movement Is on
foot among several prominent citizens of
this city to bring suit against the Free
Library Trustees, under whose regime I
John Harbourne held the office of libra- |
rian, for the recovery of the amount for
which it was found Harbourne was short
after he had levanted. Harbourne cashed
$2300 of warrants drawn to pay San Fran
cisco firms who had business dealings
with the library. He not only cashpd the
warrants but appropriated the funds. The
San Francisco firms in question are now
suing the city to determine whether
they or the municipality must suffer for
Harbourne' 8 defalcation.
The citizens who now propose to sup
the Library Trustees will contend that an
Harbourne" was appointed by the latter
he acted as their agent and they are re
sponsible for his shortcomings. It will
also be contended that the board conduct- j
ed Its business in a loose manner and in
trusted matters to the librarian entirely
outside of his line of duty. It Is claimed
that he was not a member of the library
board and could not officially handle Its
funds.
It is known that he fulfilled many of the
duties of the secretary, and this is what
gave him the opportunity to handle the
warrants and forge the names of those
to whom they were made payable.
If the courts should decide that the
library trustees are responsible for Har
bourne's shortage, the money recovered
will go into the city treasury and new
warrants will be drawn in favor of those
forged by the defaulting librarian.
Harbourne served under two boards of
library trustees. The first was composed
of John Ci. Brick, now a member of the
City Trustees; George H. Mastick, John
Luigen, R. H. Magill Sr. and Isaac P.
Allen. Allen was secretary of the body
and being a close personal friend of Har
bourne's, delegated most of his official
duties to him. This board continued In
office four years, when Brick. Magill and
Allen were "succeeded by Charles I>. Wel
ler, now librarian; Herman Toelken and
George S. Ames. Ames "skipped out" a
while ago with a new wife, without going
through the legal formality of getting a
divorce from the first. During the regime
of the latter board George H. Mastick
acted as secretary, and the business
methods of its predecessors were changed.
All of the trustees named will be made
parties to the proposed suit.
Reward for a Husband's Body.
ALAMEDA, Deo. .27.— Mrs. Louis Kam
mer has offered a reward for the recov
ery of the body of her husband, who dis
appeared several weeks ago. The hat,
watch and purse were picked up on Bay
Farm Island bridge. Mrs. Kammer ad
heres to the theory that her husband was
foully dealt with, while many of his
friends claim that he has disappeared to
avoid his wife, with whom he was known
to have had considerable trouble. They
assert that the hat and other article's
were left on the bridge as a ruse to cre
ate the Impression that the man had com
mitted suicide.
Mrs. Kammer and a man named Sut
ten. who lived at her place, sought Infor
mation the same day Kammer disap
peared as to what course they should
pursue to collect his life insurance, xhe
companies have refused to pay the poli
cies unless Rammer's body is produced
or satisfactory evidence of his death is
offered.
New Parish House.
ALAMEDA. Dec. 27.— The corner-stone
of the new parish house of Christ Episco
pal Church will be laid with appropriate
ceremony next Sunday afternoon. Rev.
William Nichols, Bishop of the diocese,
will conduct the services and deliver the
address.
The new building will be a pretentious
edifice. It will consist of a study, a choir
room, auditorium with a gallery, infant
class and guild room and kitchen. The
architecture will be in keeping with the
church building. The bunding committee
consists of A. N. Lewis. Ti. N. Tyson, F.
E. Mason and Rev. T. J. Lacey.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 27.— William Wey
mouth. connected with the Alameda Po
lice Department, and Miss Una Thomp
son were married Saturday at San Ra
fael.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Dec. 27.— Professors Mey
er E. Jappa and D. T. Fowler of the ag
ricultural department of the University
of California will leave Berkeley to-mor
row afternoon to conduct a Farmers' In
stitute at Hanford and Dos Palos.
The 10-month-old child of Daniel C.
Wolly of Lorin is seriously ill with symp
toms' of poisoning. The physician In
charge traces the cause of the malady to
the use of milk from a diseased cow.
The Debating Society of the Oakland
High School has accepted a challenge
from the Forum of the Berkeley High
School for a public debate. The contest
will be held in Oakland about the middle
of the next school term.
Bismarck's Hair ior Sale.
According to the Frankfurter Zeitung, a
brl:ik trade is likely to spring up in Bis
marck's hair. Popular tradition had for
years credited him with only three capil
lary growths, but the legend takes no ac
count of beard and mustache. It appears
that from May 1. 1890, to March 28, 1897,
the duty of coiffeur to the venerable
Chancellor devolved upon Herr Kohring
of Bergedorf, who was summoned when
his services were required by a telegram
or letter from the great man's valet. On
each occasion he was graciously permit
ted to take away the snlppings, which he
Inclosed in an envelope. These precious
packets, together with the valet's mis
sives and his own solemn declaration of
the facts upon oath, were duly deposited
with a notary at Reinbeck, who attests
their reception and safe keeping. It is
proposed to enshrine the precious relics
in scarfpins and similar articles of per
sonal adornment, along with an enameled
portrait of the maker of Germany, each
trinket being stamped with a trefoil as
trademark and a distinctive letter or
number.— London Chronicle.
REALTY STILL
MARKED BY
PROGRESSION
Sales of Unusual
Value Negotiated.
RECORD FOR THE PAST WEEK
BIG PURCHASE OF LAND BY THE
SANTA FE.
A Glance at the Records, Recent
Sales, New Building Contracts
and General Realty Notes
of the Week.
The closing week of the present year
has brought clearly perceptible evidences
of an unusual activity in the "world of
realty." Probably there were more im
portant sales negotiated within the past
seven days than there has been in any
similar period during the entire year of
IS9B. The prediction that a well denned
progress would inevitably replace the
long existing stagnation which has been
characteristic of the market for several
months has almost been realized. Sales
are becoming more numerous, building
operations mure extensive, and, in short,
realty generally has markedly improved.
"U'ith a continuance of the present favor
able conditions the various brokers say
there is absolutely not the slightest doubt
that the coming year will work an entire
change in the aspect of the market which
has been productive of nothing but lack
Of progression in city and State.
The record for sales for the past week
was unusually encouraging, there being
many for a value exceeding the $50u0 limit.
The record of mortgages and trust deeds
was unusually large, but was considerably
smaller as compared with that for re
leases and reconveyances.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
During the week there were forty-seven
mortgages and trust deeds recorded, amount
ing to an aggregate value of $104,242. For the
same period sixty-eight releases and fecon
veyancea passed to record in the total sum of
$472,900.
The principal mortgages and trust deeds
were recorded as follows: By K. B. Pond and
H. C. Campbell, trustees of the San Francisco
Savings Union, to Alice Brown, $18,000 on
property In the oii-vara block 250. situated on
the southerly line of Bush street, 132:6 feet
east of Leavenworth, east 50 by south 137:6;
by Martin J. Burke, guardian of the estate ot
Christian A. Tittle, $15,000 for three years at
6 per cent on property in the 50-vara blocks
13i» and 131, situated respectively on the east
erly line of Powell street, 137:t> feet south of
California and the northerly line of Pine
street, 137:6 feet east of Taylor; by Andrew B.
McCreery to Henry M. and Schwea Levy, $10,
liMi for one year at B per cent on property in
the 50-vara block 121, situated on the north
erly line of Powell street, 137:6 feet east of
Stockton, east 60 by north 13S:^^..
The principal releases and reconveyances
passed to record as follows: From the Mutual
Savings Bank to Patrick William Riordan,
Human Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco,
$10,000 on property in the one hundred block
388, situated on the easterly corner of Har
rison and Fremont streets, southeast 137:6 by
northeast 137:6; from the Mutual Savings Bank
to same, $27,000 on property in the Western
Addition block 93, situated on the southwest
corner of Van Ness avenue and Broadway,
west 2fiO:6. south 137:6, east 13:3. north 4.34,
east LM7:3, north 133:2 V«; from the Hlbernla
Savings ami b.an Society to Patrick Riordan,
Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco, $;>ooo
OS property in the Western Addition block 664,
situated on the northerly line of Page street.
108 feet west of Masonic avenue, west 25:3
north 137:0, east 25:3. south 12:6 east 108 Bouth
75. wost 10S, south 50; from the Hlbernia Sav
ings and Loan Society to same. $10,000 on prop
erty situated on the northeast corner of Butte
and Tennessee streets, north 100 by east M 0;
by the Hil><-rnla Savings and Loan Society to
same, $lii,i««) on property situated on the north
west corner ot Guerrero and Twenty-third
streets, north 122 by west 117:6; from the
Hibemia Savings and Loan Society to P J.
Cummins, $12, 000 on property in the Mission
block 42, situated on the northwest corner of
Folsom and Seventeenth streets, north 140
from west 245, by Edward G. Schmiedell to
William Ehrenpfort, $20,000 on property in the
one hundred block 362, situated on the south
westerly line of Third street 95 feet southeast
of Market, southeast 25 by southwest 75; from
the Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to
Alexander Waujjh, $10,000 on property in the
Western Addition block 810, situated on the
southwest corner of Devlsadero and Turk
atreets, south 50 by west 125; from S. C. Bige
low and A. A. Smith, trustees of the Sav
ings and Loan Society, to Eliza S. Barnard
$1('.OOO on property in the Western Addition
block 118, situated on the northeast corner of
Vallejo and Gough streets, north 137:0 by east
52:6; from the Hibemia Savings and Loan So
ciety to John ttallard and W. H. Martin $250 -
000 on .one ptoce of property In the one hun
dred block 328 and two pieces in the one hun
dred block 323, situated respectively on the
southerly corner of Harrison and Spear streets
southwest 275 by southeast 550 and the south
easterly line of Harrison street, 4510 feet
northeast of Spear, northeast 229:2 by south
east 137:6.
RECENT SAL.ES.
The most Important transaction of the week
was the purchase by the Santa Fe Railway
Company, through the agency of the real
fstate firm of Thomas Magee & Sons, of four
and a third acres in the Cine Hundred Vara
District for an estimated price of $400 000
Herbert Wemple has purchased from A.
Landers a piece of property extending 215 feet
on Howard street and 100 feet on Twenty-sec
ond street. The property includes five build
ings, each of four flats, which are erected on
the land. The estimated price as given by the
brokers, Bovee, Toy & Sonntag, is $-11 500,
The premises at 12S Qeary street, extending
120 feet to Morton street and having a frontage
of 22:11 feet, has been purchased by R. Thomp
son. A brick building is included in the trans
action.
The property of Henry Levy, on the north
east corner of Golden Gate avenue and Fill
mcire street, has been sold by the Burnham
Marsh Company to Dr. W. E. Price for $2", noo
The lot la 4i. by 90, upon which Is erected a
three-story building renting at present for
$200 a month.
NEW BUILDING CONTRACTS.
Southerly line of Golden Gate avenue, no
feet east of L,eavenworth,» south 137:6 by east
165 — All work for a three-story brick building,
with basement and attic; owner. P. Maximilian
Neumann; contractor, Robert Trost; cost
$17,023.
Northeast corner of Clay and Gough streets,
north ."2:S by east 110— All work except plumb
ing, painting, marble and tile work for alter
ations and additions to a two-story frame
building; owner. Ludwig Schwabacher; archi
tect, R. H. White; contractor, Val Franz; cost
Jl4f>o.
Ferry dppot, foot of Market street— Sheds and
scale houses; owners, Harbor Commissioners;
contractor, Frederick Miller; cost, $2479.
Westerly line of Taylor street. 137:6 feet south
of Turk, west S2:G by south 45— Cast and
and wrought ironwork for n five-story brick
building: owner, Michael H^ffernan: architect.
T. J. Welsh; contractors, Judson Manufactur
ing Company; cost. $8165.
Number 352 Geary street, between Powell and
Mason— Alterations and additions to a three
story frame office building; owner, C. S. Bene
dict: architect, E. Kollofrath; contractor, John
Furaess; cost $3645.
Northeasterly line of Main street. 206:3 feet
northwest of Howard, northwest 68:3 by north
east 137:C — Carpentry, ironwork. plastering,
plumbing, painting, etc., for a four-story brick
fcuilding; owners. Pelton Water Wheel Com
pany; architect, E. L. Hallawell: cost. $8450.
Easterly line of Baker street. 62:6 feet north
of Fulton, north 2.". by east 9n:7'A— All work
for a two-st<>ry frame dwelling; owner, Ada
S. Eprerton; architects, Curlett & McCaw; con
tractor. Z. O. Field; cost. $3720.
Northeast corner of O'Farrell and Mason
alley— Heating plant in a four-story frame
building; owner. Thomas Ashworth; architects,
Newson & Meyer; contractor, the G. H. Tay
Company; cost, $1265.
Number IW7 Capp street, between Twenty
fifth and Twenty-sixth— All work for convert
ing a frame cottage Into a two-story building
(two flats); owner, John W. Williams; con
tractor, Fred Miller: cost. $1392.
Westerly line of Pierce street, 75 feet south
of Green, south 2"i by west 100— All work for a
two-story frame building; owner, Mrs. Wini
fred Jennings; architects. Mooser & Son; con
tractors, Petterson & Persson; cost, $2400.
RANDOX NOTES.
Bids for the Seventeenth Street Police Sta
tion, according to plans by Architects Shea &
Shea were opened yesterday.
It has been reported that a seven-story
building is to be erected in the near future on
Mason street, adjoining: the Poodle Dog
Restaurant building.
The refitting of the Grand Opera House has
been figured and it is expected that contracts
for the necessary work of remodeling the In
terior wtll be shortly awarded.
The Wells-Fargo building, on the corner of
Mission and Second streets, is nearly com
pleted. It is anticipated that it will be ready
for occupancy the first of the year.
Contracts have been let for the erection of
three flat* on the westerly line of Devisadero
street, between Geary and O'Farrell. at a cost
of $6500, on plans by Salfleld & Kohlberg. me
owner 1? R. Hochstadter. _. ty , o
The Burnh'am & Marsh Company report tne
sale of a lot 25x123 on Octavia street, near
Vallejo, from the estate of E. Stevenson to
B. Sehafer for $3600, and of three acres at
Belmonth with cottage and barn, from w.
King to S. H. Mill for $1500. ..
Miss A. S. Egerton has begun the erection
of a two-story dwelling on the east side* of
Baker street, between Fulton and McAllister
streets. It Is designed by Curlett & McCraw,
will have a colonial front and cost $4000.
Jacob Heyman report* the sale of a three
room cottage on the west line of Prentice
street, 100 feet south of Powhattan, and of
three lots on the north line of J street. 82:6x100,
for $1000. and one, 25x120, on the east line of
Forty-eighth avenue, ISO feet south of J street,
for $300.
KEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Rosa Camano to Francois Marx, lot on E line
of Laguna street, 72 S of Filbert, S 3% inches
by E 45; $10.
Mary B. Taylor to Horace Z. and Emma L.
Howard, lot on S line of Washington street,
137:6 \V of Walnut, W 35 by S 127:8^4; $10.
Albert Meyer to Katharlna Herting (wife of
Frederick Herting), lot on B line of Diamond
street. 91 S of Twenty-fifth. S 23 by E 110; $10.
William Mocker to Mary Mocker (wife), lot
on W line of Kearny street, 82:6 S of Post, S
40, W 90:5, N 60, F. ."0, S 20, E 60:5; gift.
Huntington-Hopkins Company to Regents of
University of California, lot on NE line of
First street, 137:6 SE of Market, SE 137:6 by
NE 137:6: $210,000.
Albert M. and Elizabeth A. Whittle to Joseph
F. C. Holroyd, lot on W line of Eighth avenue,
175 N of O street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Carl J. Jorgensen to loga K. Jorgensen, lot
lot on SW line of Ninth avenue S, 75 SE nf H
street, SE 150 by SW 100, lots 6 and 7. block 190.
Boifth San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association; $100.
Same to Jennie J. Jorgensen. lot 37, block F,
Park Lane tract No. 4; $100.
Bryan Kehoe to Maria Kehoe (wife), Annie
E. and Katie A. Kehoe, lot on NE line of
Holly street. 29:lVa NW West Park avenue,
N\V l:r>Vs. E 51:3. S 0:7, E 15, S 1, W to be
ginning, lot 2, block 3, Holly Park; gift.
Jacob and Lina Heyman to William Laun,
lot 431, gift map 1; $10.
Alameda County.
E. B. Pond and H. C. Campbell (trustees for
Edward A. Harris) to San Francisco Savings
Union, COS d 20, lot on N line of Third street, 75
W of Franklin. W 75 by N 100, block 31. Oak
land, trustees' deed; $3294.
San Francisco Savings Union to Ray Living
ston (wife of Max), same, Oakland: $3294.
Mary Randall to George Dixon, lot on N line
of Thirty-eighth street, 650 W of Telegraph
avenue, W 50 by N 144:10. being lot 17, Perrin
Tract, Oakland Annex; $5.
John P. Beckett to Williamlna Van House,
lot on N line of Thirty-sixth street. 213.88 E of
West, E 26, N 174.40, W 25.88, S 171.92 to be
ginning, being lot 22, block A, Major Given
Tract, Oakland Annex; $10.
Francis S. Cook to Helen L. Nelson, lots 342
to 345, Potter Tract, Berkeley, Quitclaim deed;
$10.
Frances A. Stevens to Helen Nelson (wife of
L. L. ), same, Berkeley, quitclaim deed; $10.
Martin Rubanick, John Racik and John
Swabek (by commissioner) to Louis Reiner, lot
15, block C, Peralta Park, Berkeley; lot 23.
map of Peralta 1 Park Southorn Annex, Berke
ley; lot 23, block B, Janes tract, Berkeley; $150.
M. and Catherine McCann to Franz J. Lan
derbach, lot 2, block R, Leonard Tract, Berke
ley; $40.
A. W. and Anna C. Pooley to Henry Cou
liriiugh lots R, S and T, range 8, Hardy Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Estate of Valeric "W. Martin or Valentine W,
Hickethier (by R. E. Hickethier, executor) to
estate of Esther B. Folte, wife of G. J. O.),
all Interest in estate of Valeric W. Hickethier,
deceased; consideration, value received.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
M Zlman, N J !T J Kenny & w. Or
J B Treadwell, Sacto I Mrs T Gillson, Or
W S Pond. Portland Mrs E Wilkinson, Or
N T Lewis, w & s. Pa R W Skinner, Cal
C C McKee & w, Cal A R Soltss, Or
W R Elliott, Ukiah J S Orth. Or
J H Sarsfield, Oroville S Cole. Medford
W P Matthews, Sactnl Mlbs Wheeler.Ft Jones
G J Wondbury, Saeto ! Miss Cole, Medford
Mrs R B Johnson, Caljj M Schuler, Cal
L \V Johnson, Oaklandl Mrs M Timlnson, Cal
Miss J. Stutt, Oakland Miss X Timinson, Cal
H J Brown. Stanford L Huseman, Cal
A G Jones, Stanford J A Williams, L Angel
C Fept. S-cto W H Smith, Cal
C Clark & w. Cal W T Field, St Louis
J Johnson, Cal A Hampel & w, Cal
H Brown, Alameda A G Nasser, S Diego
J C Wray & w, Cal A E Nutt, San Diego
J X Cheney, L Angls F M Martin. Cal
J C Harrow, Mont W F Price. S Rosa
Wm Thomas. Chlco G B Baer. Cloverdale
Mlsk L Thomas, ChlcojC E Sterne, S Diego
T James & w, Or C King, X V
R W McLeod, Or J Steel. Ukiah
H A Boatwick. cal S S Beedy. Palo Alto
S II Wheeler & w.Nev Ed Tolson. Arbuckle
H C Cutting, Carson John Williamson, <\U
(' A Copeland, Cal J W Davis. Tulare
E W Twit.hell, Ukiah W T Scott, L Angeles
Mrs J H Glide, Sacto W H Goucher.L Angls
MiSB Glide, Sacto Geo H Abel. Culusa
D M Crouse, Cal X Meyer, Santa Rosa
L J Rezzlnlnnl, NY B H Dyer. L Angeles
A W Ballard.L Anglg ' \V F Joseph, Cal
A C Jewett, Fresno |H S Jones & w.S Jose
Jas Anderson, N V I Miss B Stell, Oakland
B P Parker. Livermorei O L Sehultze, Dixon
Jas Cunningham, Tennj .INB Montgomery, Cal
P J O'Dea. Cal C B Jellison & w, Cal
Wm Pendleton, Ukiah] H J Small. Sacto
H B Muir, Ukiah |C G Woodburn, Sacto
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs F H Wurts. N V Mrs. M Marks, Stkn
F chrlstlaner, Sousa Mrs M Jacob. Tacoma
E Won, Sydney E Quakenbush, N V
A Discrow, Sydney P E Fisher. Spokane
II H Hunshaw. Cal W G Taylor, L, Ang
C Dunphy. Stanford F Strahler, Yokohama
G G Welgle. Stanford |H G Stevenson, Menlo
F Thvrren, Germany H Stevenson & w, Cal
J N K/rk & w. Butte'H Grun. Shanghai
M Morris. Portland |E Warnholtz. Hamburg
G A Grant. N M MaJ Somenburg, Tokio
J R Forrest, N V J Boynton &w, Vlsalia
Duke Cyril, 2 aides & Mrs Stewart, Romas
valet. Russia Mrs McLaughlin, Cal
J Enrtght. Burlington I A Cushing, St John's
J H MoClintock, Arlz|C B Cubben. Stanford
A C McClellan. N V IDr W L Bell. U SN
J Clark. Sjiokane IE B Stuart. San Diego
A G Bell.w & do, Washjß Beals. Boston
W H Hansan & w. CallT R Mlnturn, Mlntum
J W Rend. USA E Heyl. Tien-Tsin
D F Warnock. Chicago A Kroyer, Yokohama
C Breminer, Yokohama'
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P J White, Sacto C Vroman. Gold Hill
E J Fermier. St Louis O D White, L Ang
M Kirksey, BakersfieldlW J Reiner. L Ang
G L Parker, Vallejo J E Guinall, S Jose
T Claussen. San JoseiO Phibbs &w. Buffalo
S Hyland. Boston [Mrs Owens, Sierra Co
J M Dermott. N V iMiss Owens, Sierra Co
T Corrigan, Stockton R E Buckner, S Rosa
Mrs L Malone, Chgo IB W Bourne, Sacto
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, December 27.
Stmr Sunol, Jacobs, 22 hours from TJsal.
Schr Reliance, Stenbom, 30 hours from Fisks
Mill.
Sohr Czar, Hutman, 29 days from San Bias.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
ANEWERP— SaiIed Dec 2S— Stmr Noordland.
for New York.
The reported sailing on the 24th of thg Ken
sington was an error.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San s*randsoo
Call, corner 0/ Market and Tbtrt streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the rear.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery atre«t,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o"clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 0:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; hpen until 9:30 o'clock.
€16 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market Etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until. 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
utreets; open until 9 o'clock.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Continental Build-
ing and Loan Association, No. 222 Sansome
street: For the year ending December 31,
IS9B, a dividend has been declared at the rate
of 6 per cent per annum on ordinary deposits.
7 per cent on term deposits, 10 per cent per
annum to class "F" stock and 12 per cent
per annum to class "A" stock, all free of
taxes. WILLIAM CORBIN, Secretary
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society. IS
Geary st.— The directors have declared the fol-
lowing semi-an'.iual dividends: 4 per cent
per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after January 3. 1599.
ERNEST URAND, Se&
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Tb- German Savings
and Loan Society, .126 California St.— For the
half year ending December 31, IS9B a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of four (4)
per cent per annum on term deposits and
three and one-third (.3 1-3) per cent per annum
on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after Tuesday, January 3 1899
GEORGE TOURNY, ' Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-Dividend No SS TonZ
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office 327
ff a im Bt " ° n and aft6r TueB(la > r - January
'Transfer books will close on Wednesday
December 28. ISM. at 3 o'clock p mv"m v "" aay '
, E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
BAN FRANCISCO Savings Union. 532 Callfor-
nia st. corner Webb. Dividend notlce-For
the half year ending with the 31st of De-
cember. Utt. a dividend has been declared
at the rate per annum of four (4) per cent
?, n , erm de P° 3 | »» and three and one-third
11l' Z) IV ,, nt °" "binary deposits? free of
taxes, payable on and after Tuesday Tumi
ary 3. 1899. LOVELL WHITEi" Caahte?.""
DIVIDEND .■ notice— Mutual Savings Bank of
San Francisco. . 33 Post street. For the half
year ending December 31. 1898. a dividend ha.
wh« A fir 1 at th ! rate of three and B '*-
tenths (3.6) per cent per ; annum on all . de-
posit*. I free of taxes, ~ payable on and after
Tuesday, January 3. 1899
GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. andTV
M. -Called meeting THIS (WEDNEsI J
DAY) EVENING at 7:3 d o'clock. V ret Vv
Degree. C. D. BUNKER, B
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44. F _
\ M.— Meeting THIS (WEDNES- A
DAY) EVENING at 7:?0 o'clock. s.-VV
oml Degree. THEO. FROL: /V\
F4CICIF Lodge No. 15G. I. O. O. F. < « a iu ll//
'There will be initiation on
THURSDAY EVENING. Dec. .29.
It is n>>< - essary that all members ' Wi'iV* ■
attend Visiting brothers are cordially in-
vited JOHN STEVENSON, N. a
DX. F. D. ASHWORTH^AstJIec. Sec. "
THF California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by the hydraulic
nrocess from Rocco Molinari in the Humbug
Culch Mine, near Volcano, Amador- Co., to
deposit tailings in Humbug Gulch; from J. n.
Meek in the Grizzly Hill Mine, near Vol-
cano 'Amador Co.. to deposit tailings in Mis-
ery Creek; from Lewis Emery. Jr., in the
Emery Placer Mine, near Mountain, Ranch.
Calaveras Co., to deposit tailings In Murray
Creek and from Archie Newell, in the Newell
Claim, near Oleta, Amaaor Co., to deposit
failing in Deadman Creek, gives notice that
a meeting will be held at room 59.
building, San Francisco, Cal., on January 9,
1599. at 1:30 p. m.
THF regular annual meeting of the stockh . ■
ers" of the Sumdum Chief Mining Cnn
will be held at the office of the compauv.
room 3. Hobart building. 532 Market st
Francisco, Cal., on FRIDAY, the 6th day of
January, 1899, at the hour of 2 o clock p. in
for the purpose of electing a board of
rectors to serve during the ensuing year and
the transaction of such other business as may
come tefor' the meeting.
K. G. STEVENSON, Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' Meeting— The annual meet-
ing of *he stockholders ot" the California Dry-
duck Company will be held at the office of
the company. No. 302 California street, San
Francisco, California, on MONDAY, January
9, 1599, at 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose ot
electing a Board of Directors to serve .for tha
ensuing year, and for the transaction of sucti
other business as may properly come before
the meeting. W. F. RUSSELL, Secretary.
Office No. 302 California street, room 3
San Francisco, Cal., Dec. 24. 1898. •
THE annual meeting of the stockholders ot
THE NEVADA NATIONAL 13ANK OF SAX
FRANCISCO. Cal., will be held at its ba/.it-
ing house. No. 301 Montgomery st., San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. on TUESDAY. January 10, 1899.
at 2:15 o'clock p. m., for the election of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and tha
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
San Francisco. December 9. IS9B.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BUY useful New Year's presents; handker-
chiefs, hosiery, gloves, neckwear, suspenders,
aprons, underwear, etc; cheap at Pioneer Dry
Goods Store, 105 Fifth st
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
Home Society hereby gives notice that it
has admitted Into the orphanage from July
1. ISMS, to December 31, ISSS, the following
named orphans and half orphans, boys and
girls, viz: Sarah Rothenstein, aged 7 years;
Hyman Rothenstein, aged 5 years- Ht:ny
Barron, aged S years; Edwin Abrams, aged
5 years 2 months; Harry Benjamin aged 6
years 9 months; Sadie Kohn. a^-ed 10 years;
Irene Well, aged 5 years; Helen Weil," aged
4 years; Abraham Danzlger, aped 11 years,
and Leo Rosenthal. aged 3 years 9 months.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41.' Montgomery st . n^ms !>-!": tel. ajSQ.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEUALE.
REFINED German second girl and seam-
stress desires situation; best references; city
or country. MISS CULLftX. 325 Sutter ft.
NEAT young girl wants place where she can
sleep home; references. MISS CLLLE.V, 325
Sutter st.
LADIES desiring first-class help of a.,1 nation-
alities can secure same by calling on .or ad-
dressing MISS CI'LLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation; hotel or
boarding house; pastry and meat cooking;
best references; city or country. MlfS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
A NO. 1 cook, also Swedish second girl, best of
references, desire situations. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
RESPECTABLE and reliable person desires
situation care a child and do sewing; is first-
class seamstress; also speaks good Spanish;
no objection to wages; country or traveling;
references. Box 254 Call office, Oakland.
RESPECTABLE American woman wants work
by the day: fine laundress; sood worker: "75c
and car fare; other work, $1 and car fare.
276 Jessie st., near Fourth, room 1, d. ■w.i-
stairs; first Moor.
SENSIBLE and respectable woman- wants
situation as working housekeeper; experi-
enced and reliable; best o.f references. Call or
add. 5 Sumner st., off Howard, bet. 7th & Sth.
SITUATION by a young lady as waitress in
hotel or restaurant; sleep home; no postals
answered. Please call at 2919 Sixteenth st.
COMPETENT woman wishes place to do gen-
eral housework; city or country. Address
748 Mission St.
GERMAN girl wants a position for light
housework. 2 Tay St., off Clay, bet. Powell
and Mason.
YOUNG strong German woman wants wash-
ing, ironing, cleaning; $1 and car fare. M.,
1133 Folsom st.
COMPETENT cook wishes situation in pri-
vate family; would do general housework in
small family. Call 227 Hayes st.
WANTED— Work of any kind by first-class
laundress. S3IB Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker; good cutter and
fitter; wants work by the day; 75c and car
fare. 30 Seventh st., near Market.
SITUATION by middle-aged German lady for
light housework; is good to children. Apply
S4.'>' 2 Third st.
GERMAN girl wishes position as cook or will
do housework. Box 521, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by elderly working house-
keeper in city or country. A. 8.. 1808 Taylor.
SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman as
nurse; would assist with sewing or upstairs
work; good reference. 587 O'Farrell st.
RESPECTABLE German girl would lik.e gen-
eral housework in small family. Inquire
MISS PRANGE, 257 lowa st.. Potrero.
SITUATION in practical Catholic family;
good houseworker and Seamstress; reliable
young woman of Catholic American, parents.
Please address 200 Noe st.
ELDERLY French 'lady wishes a position as
housekeeper. Call at 154 Golden Gate aye.
MANAGING housekeeper in a family of re»
flnement by a widow from the East; refer-
ence. Address till Jan. 3. Housekeeper, 1375
Eleventh aye.. East Oakland;
SITUATIONS IV ANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary: tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Far*ll st. ; tel. East 436.
GERMAN couple want situations as cook and
helper or cook and waitress in country ho-
tel or mine in South Pin California or \ri-
zona. Address W. DOLENHURST. 640 How,
ard St., rooms 2 and 3.
IRONER wants position polishing shirts and
collars on St. Clair machine or Tyler; S years'
experience. C. J., 619 Pacific st."
COOK of many years' experience in this city
wishes a position; good references. Box 527,
Call.
BOY, 18 years old, wishes position of any kind;
understands care of horses. Address C. S..
_834Vs Harrison st.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants place and house-
work in city. S. HIGASHI, :<C6 Laguna st.
WANTED— A traveling- man of 15 years' expe-
rience desirous of handling a few established
lines in the brokerage business in Lcs An-
geles; can furnish best of references. Ad-
dress A.. 218 Franklin st., Los Angeles, Cal
GARDENER, German, wishes a situation in
private family: very efficient; experienced-
steady; references. Box 652, Call office. '
JAPANESE couple want situations; man flr^t-
class cook; wife general housework or sew-
ing; good reference. Address box 649, Call.
SIDE line wanted on commission by commer-
cial traveler. Address box 599, Call.
SINGLE Englishman wants situatJon as milk^
and buttermaker; understands the care t
fine stock and rearing calves and pigs Ad-,
dress C. HEWITT. 508 Second st., Oaklan
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 26c to $150 night; $160 to $•
week; convenient and respectable; fre« 'ba«
and baggage to and from ferry.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The TVVekly
Call. Sent to any address in the Vr.lted
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year. '
JgISLP^W^AJVTED--FEM ALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary, Phone,'
Grant 185—2 waitresses, country hotel. $-5: 2
waitresses, first-class country hotel, 120, see
party here 11 a. m. arm waitress south. $20;-
2 chambermaids to wait, ' $20, country; 2
waitresses, city. $18; woman baker for deli-
cacy store, $30; waitress. Woodland. $20; 2
chambermaids, $15 and $17 50. C K. HAN-
.- SEN & CO., 104 Geary st. ■ ■" ■ '
GERMAN seamstress and chambermaid for
small private family, city. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary St.. Phone, ".rant ISS.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Ge.iry. Phone,
Grant 185— Cook. 2 in family, very choice
place. $30; German cook for lur'h counter.
$30: housegirl, small family, $25. cook. Rosa
Valley, $25: cook and second glr' small fam-
ily, $3f; cook, small family, Jewish cooking,
$25. ani a great many cooks a."d housegir's,
$15 to $25. C. R. HANSEN" & CO.. 104 Geary.HELP WAXTER-Continned.
YOUNG girl to assist; light housework ;~sleep
home; wages. Miss CULLEN, 325 Suttcr.
COOK and second girl for ■:■■• house,' $25 and
B $»)■•« MISS CULLEN, 326 Suiter .st.
COOK and second girl tor same hi. use. $20 and
$12. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GKIfMAN or Swedish cook. $40. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Butt! St.
TWO second Mils, $20 each. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. . . ■ ' . •
TWO nurse girls. $15 each. MISS CULLEN.
225 Sutter st. ;
2 SECOND girls, $15 and ?20. Miss .'! LLEN,
325 Sutter Bt. •
FRENCH second girl, $25. MISS CULLEN.
225 Sutter sU.
NUR.SKGIRL, $15. MIS! '> CULLT3N, 325. --ut-
ter st.
XKAT .second girl, ■... MISS .CULLEN. 32"
Sutler st. •. •
N i: KSEGIRL." sU>7p~ home. ?rO. MI.SB CV&
LEX, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, boardtng-
_ house, •s2f. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
RESTAURANT waitress, $6 per week. ■ Miss
CULLEN. 325 Sutter M.
HOUSEWORK girl. Modesto. $20; San Rafael,
S2.'«. and other towns; 12 housework girls, city.
$20 and J2r.; S young girls, assist, $10 to $15
MISS Cl LLE> -25 tter St.
WANTED— FemaIe lunch cook. $30: cook,
small boarding house, $20; restaurant wait-
ress. $5 week; 3 waitresses and chamber-
maids. $20, .and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 316 Sutter st. •■ . ' ■
TWO second girls. $20 and $25: waitress and
rarlor maid. $25; 3 young second girls and
nurses, $1 ; nurse, infant, etc., $25; 4 cooks ;
private families. $25, and $30, and" a large
number of girls for cooking and housework
city nnd country. J. F. CROSETT &CO
216 Sutter st. ,
TWO second girls, $25 and $20; nurs^glrl, $20;
Institution cook. $30: boarding house cook.
$30; cook private family, $25; -6 houseglrls, $25
and $20; and a number of young girls to as-
flst. $10 to $15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Batter.
SWEDISH first-class houscgirl. - good cook,
wishes place; country" preferred. Apply MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter. __A__— :
GERMAN woman Tor chamberwork and plain
cooking, $20; cook, small hotel. $20; cham- i
bc-rmaid. assist wait, $20;- 5 -waitresses, dif-
ferent country hotels, fare paid, MURRAY
& READY. 634-636 Clay et. '
WOMAN for light work; no •canvassing; good I
wage? to right party; call after 11 a. m. 737%
Howard St., room 25. • • ;
"WANTED— Experienced shoe fitters. ' 581 Mar-
ket St.; ROSEXTHAL. FEDKR & CO.
YOUNG girl, ireneral housework small family,
$15. Call 9 to 12, 1612 Scott st.
WAITERS wanted. 129 Fourth St.; call be-
tween 1 and 8 a. in.
GERMAN woman to assist In housework and
cooking. 1625 San Bruno road.. .' ;
RELIABLE person to do housework in small •
family. 1315 Steiner st.
YOUNG reliable girl for general housework; !
__wages $12 to $15. ISOB Larkln St.
RELIABLE girl to assist with housework and
care of children, $S. 605 Jessie st. ■
WANTED— GirI to take care of children. Ad-
dress 2912 Clay St., near Devisadero.
FINISHERS wanted on pants. • Apply 854
Folsom st. .  . '
GIRL wanted for light housework; family of
2. Apply 805 Treat aye.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework.
132S Eddy st. ■
WANTED — A girl for general housework. $10- :
to $12 per month. 456 Bryant st. .
FINISHER on custom coats; good wages; i
steady work. 138 Russ st.
GIRL for housework, plain cooking; 2 in fam-
ily; $20: small washing. 631 Larkin.
YOUNG girl to assist at light housework. Call
after 9 a. in.. 492 Eddy St.
, GOVERNESS wanted for three children. In- i
quire Occidental Hotel, December 2S and 29, |
between 2 and 5 p. m.-
LEARN sowing at KEISTER- TAILORING
COLLEGE; lessons $1 per week. 426 Geary.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; position! •
free; patterns. 2*c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
HELP WANTED— .
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 104 Geary st. ; !
telephone Grant ISS. ' • '■-
Broiler. $."0; waiter. $S ".0 week; waiter, $30;
wa(ter. plain hotel, 20; kitchenhands. C. R. I
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
SHIP to-night to the mountain railroad.. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
DRIVER, milk route, "must know the "city and
■ have references, $35 and found; buggy washer, I
$r.O; harness-maker for a ranch, $1 a day and
board; man about place; good gardener, $25.
C. R. S'SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
TEAMSTERS; ast road; free fare. C. R. !
HANSEN & C 0... 104 Geary st.
STEWARD and bead waiter, country hotel, i
$40 to $50: see. party here. C. R. HAXSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary St.
MURRAY & READY— 'Phone Main 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
- WANT TO-DAY : -
8 cooks ; $50 to $30 and found ■
4 waiters $30; $25. $20 and found
Klt henhands . .' and Dishwashers
€34 and 656 Clay st ...'. !
MARRIED : :....Seie boss .here
Man and wife for a sawmill: No. 1 job.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. ;
6 FARMHANDS and primers, $20 ana $15 and
found; milk-wagon driver, references, • $25
and found; 10 laborers and teamsters, city
Jobs, $1 75 day. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st. .: .
HOPPERS" Tlemakers
, 53 hoppers, different Jobs-, $1 cord; 65
tlemakers, tools found. 9c to 12c each. MUR-
HAY A. READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
WANTED— who understands cold
rage and electricity, $90; foreman for
mine, $3 day; German boy for grocery, $3
week; farmer and wife, $35, and -others. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., C2S Sacramento.
"WANTED— Cook, country chop house. $35; res-
taurant waiters, $10 week and $35; dishwash-
er?, Idtchenmen and others. Apply .to J.. F
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Night waiter, $35; waiter, plain ho-
tel, ft:,; young man to wait on table,, country
place, $20; cook, $9 a week; cook; $75; night
cook, coffee house, $30; dishwasher, $25; boy
for store, $10 and found, etc. ANDRE'S, 316
Stockton st. • '
BUTLER; $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter
street. * « ' '. •
NO. 2 Tamale man; Sonora; $20 and 'found
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. '■■-■■;•
WANTED— Steady.' light; genteel work; must
be satisfied with $15 per week; small capital
required. Apply at.23S Kearny st., room 7. -
■ $15 TO $30 a week and expenses paid to sell ci-
gar*; experience unnecessary'; extra induce-
ments. W. L. KLINE CO., St. Louis, Mq.
BOY to assist in office and do typewriting; one.
understanding shorthand preferred ;. state age,
references. Box' 625, Call. • " . = .
STRONG hoy to drive butcher wagon and
work around market. KEEPEN & CO.,
Ocean View!  •..". '.T:, ■ ".
WANTED— First-class chef and second cook.
Apply Odd Fellows' Grotto, Seventh and Mar-
ket *ts. , .
NOTICE, Barbers— oldest arid- best paying
5c ■hop in the city for sale. STOLTZ, 630
Market st. . •
WANTED— Stonecutters. Apply at. work, Co-
lu«a Junction, Cal.
EXPERIENCED knife cutter on ladies' wear.
■■ til Market st. .
'I NO man wanted with 3 or 4 'months' ex-
l>erlen.;e In barber business.. 222 dough St.-
BARKER for Wednesday, Saturday and Sun-
day. 1122 l'otvell st. " •'
MKN and women to take work -home; good
wages; no «-xperience. 136 Sl\ : th at., room 2.
YOUNG tailor wanted by first-class coat-
maker as helper. Box- 710, Call office:
STRONG German :• y for grocery, well recom-
mended. Call at 7 a. m. at 14S Seventh st.
WANTED— Barber to buy good' 2-chalr shop;
bargain. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st
TEN men to take .clean room's; 2' nights for
25c; 75c wr»ek. ■ 1% -«•'■ Montgomery st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. United States navy; .able-bodied,
unmarried men between flu- ages of 21 and ;30; 30
yea:!.. who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have illy* declared their, in- ;
tentlon to become *uch? must-be of good char- I
acter and 'habits and able to speak, read and
•write English, and , be between 5 feet 5 Inches
and 6 feet hi hulght. For further information
apfJy- at the Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis st.,
San Francisco, Cal; |
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup.; $2
per day and expenses; cash every week;, par- '■
Uculurs " fox 2-cent stamp. CALIFORNIA
ORANGE SYRUP CO.. San Francisco, Cat ,
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still !
ruils Denver House. 217 Thir..! St. , ISO large ;
rooms. 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week. "
CREEN hands, • seamen, carpenters, ' black-
smiths for ships at HERMAN'S-, -c Steuart
St., upstairs. . ■ - ; |
FINISHER et~?2 Clay st MYSELL-ROLLINS
CO., bookbinders. , , . j
BARBERS' Progressive, Union; free employ- ;
n't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164, j
HELP WA.V-ED- Continued.
WANTED— Montana House, 764V4 Mission
St., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night: 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms. 1542
• Market st.
MEN and women to learn. barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. 13S 1 * Eighth st. -
BAR! 1 Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS, Sec., 325 Grant aye.
TRY Llndell House. Sixth and Howard Fts.:
thoroughly renovated; 200 rms.; 15c, 25c night.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c. 25c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 50 per wit. Elcho House. S63H Market St.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS- and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis st., near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished. flne. large, sunny and airy
room. 2 c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
_ for a r»m; 26a a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House, 4! third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms. 2.'c night: reading-room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry, i !
HOUSES "WANTED.
WANTED— A completely furnished house of at
least twelve (12) rooms for 4 or & months;
must be In an unexceptionable neighborhood;
references given and required. Address F.,
898. Palace Hotel.
ROOMS WANTED.
GENTLEMAN wishes a large, well furnished
front sunny room, near Van Ness aye.: bath.
with hot nnd cold running water desirable;
state particulars. Box 529. Call.
MISCELLANEOUS.
WISH to buy second-hand piano . cheap for
cash. Room 103, Golden West Hotel; morn-
Ing, from 10 to 12.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
i AT $5 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
I UPWARD. -.■■_-. •■«■■■
$3 50 per month rent;, new pianos.
Heine upright $295 00
'Stelnway upright IS7 60
Chickering upright 235 00
Bohmer upright 115 M
■ ' Knabe upright 27.> 00
1 ■ And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
i of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano. .
; Office of - • -■
; HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
13C Ellis St.. Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same ns If purchased for all cash; bargain.'
in good second-hand Uprights upon same easy
payments an*l some pood pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stefnway dealers, corner Kearny and Suttpr
Us . Pan Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
A FINK List of Bargains in Good Uprights
This Week Only:
■ Weber $SO
St. nway 150
Fisher (Sacrificed > j
Ilmirip & Long, and others very cheap. ■ '.;.-..
Open evenings until 8:30.
: GARDNER * GLABSELL. 216 Post st.
ABSOLUTELY- the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is. KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A FEW Bargains Until Christmas Only:
Sterling piano; rosewood case $190
Royal piano; oak case 137
. Miller piano, rosewood case 19S
$6 per month ; guaranteed 6 years.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 OFarrell st.
A FINE Hardman piano; little used: price j
low for rash. Dewing Co., 2d floor Flood '
bldg., piano mfts.; sole agents Hardman '
piano.
THE best bargains In the city can be found i
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st. Call and see
the stock in their elegant new rooms. }
WM. O. BADGER. 415 Sacramento st., agent
for celebrated pianos of Francis Bacon of New ,
York and Hallet & Davis Co., Boston.
AN elegant Stelnway upright, but little used
and in perfect order: a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Warerooms. ISIB Market st.
ALMOST new Chlckerlng upright; half price; j
Immediate forced sale. Room 21, Flood bide.
A GOOD Fischer upright. $125 cash if sold to-
day. Room 12. Flood building. *
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Pole Agent. SOS Post st.
$165— ELEGANT upright, cost $425. for sale on i
$5' installments. 1115 Post st. i
A FINE bargain; Weber upright, only $60. 21« I
Post st. - . ..
> FINE Steinwnv and new Chickerlng upright
sacrificed. KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
FINE Stelnway; great bargain. SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister St.. next Hlbernia Bank.
A PIANO that wilt please you. the Byron
Mauity. 308 Post st.
HAINES Bros.' and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH- !
LER & CHAPE. 30 O'Farrell st. |
SUPERIOR violins, z'thers. old and new. H. I
MTT.I.FR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place. j
"i; .. DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for the tame price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth. $5; crovns. $3; fill-
ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
' when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL pet of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thla; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth- without plates, crown and bridge work,
our specialty; fillings, 60c: crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tar Parlors, 24 Sixth «t. : telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.. ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2. bridges $4; rub-
. ber or flexible plates $3; received 8 flnit prltes:
no students; guarantee 12 years.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
" of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to Ftand: open evenings.
■ 997 Market St.. corner Sixth. '
FULL set of teeth. !4: fillings, 25c; 22k. gold
crowns, $3; gold bridge, $!>; .plates repaired;
painless extraction guaranteed. N. T. DEN-
TISTS. 969 Mission st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work ».nd fillings a
. specialty:. all work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny; set ot teeth.
$4: fining, gold. GOc: silver. 25c; crowns. $3.
THE Esmond dental parlors, 43 — Crown and
bridge work specialists; crowns $3; est. 15 yru.
EET of -teeth without a plate. DR. H. Q.
YOUNG,. 1841 Polk st.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. PR. J.
TV. KEY. .1320 Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
EDUCATIONAL.
A SIN«S»'G and operatic training school, Paris
graduate; course opens Jan. 5; term, 6 mo.,
$75; languages, French and Spanish, begin
Jan. 5; course $30; special training during
second term for Paris Exposition. 1900. Rooms
H and 20, Mercantile bldg., 330 Golden Gate ay.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, . shorthand, typ-
lnK, telegraphy. languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; suh-
veylng, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.; Indi-
vidual Instruction in shorthand, 'yping. book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc. ; life scholarship, *-0; low rates
per week and month.*
A LADY teaches piano & mandolin thoroughly:
roc hour; excellent pianist & accompanist for
entertainments and vocalists. 12C3 Octavia st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, j min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, arehlt.: day A eve ;
est. 1564. VAN PER NAIL'LEN. 533 Market.
INSTRUCTION— piano, cornet. mando-
lin. etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th St.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 123« Mar-
. ket St.: 400 positions secured in last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short lime. Tarr, £72 Parrott bldg.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want nris taken.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee' without success; collections-. G. W.
' HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: divorce laws; private. J. B.
EVANS, 14 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
NO fee unless successful. W. P. ADAMS, rm.
CO7, Emma Spreckels bldg., ?27 Market st.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. .
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice: open evgs. Atty McCabe. 103 I>arkln.
Is. 8. CLARK— Emma Spreekels bldg.; »27 Mar-
ket: consultation free: no fees in advance.'
WRITERS.
ALL lypewriters sold and rented, few partly
- used for sale cheap; send fcr. samples . and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, $25: Callfraph. $16;' Yost. • $26;
get cample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery st
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1898.
HISIXKSS CHANCES.
A— s'i;o; SALOON; established 8 years, with I
mums; rent $56; olose to Call building; aver-
age dally receipts $20; owner bought hot In
Sacramento; bargain. WILKE &. UNPUO,
MM Market St.
A— s26o; SALOON on Third st., 1 block fi a
Call building; club and private rooms; a bar-
gain. WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A— sl2lo; DRUG store; rent $25; across the bay;
no opposition; well paying; a splendid open-
ing lor a first-class druggist. Particulars
WILKK & UNFr<;. ;i,-, 6 Market St.
A-I1C00; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years; doing good-paying business; death of
owner cause of sale; 4 living rooms; rent $45.
WILKE & UXFUG, 906 Market et.
A-$7OO-DELICACY and grocery store on El-
li< Et. ; 5 living rooms; rent $25; doing a good
paying business: owner to leave for New
York. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A— sG3o— COFFEE saloon close to Alcazar The-
ater; first-class paying; rent $65; partners
rant agree. WILgB & UNFUG. 906 Market.
KREDO ft CO., 22VJ Geary st.
$4600— Drug store; $40 daily; nothing better.
$200— Florist ; big funeral trade.
$200— Brunch lißkery; $10 dally.
For particulars of above call on KREDO.
A— s2so; CORNER saloon. 2 card rooms: $20
daily; a snap. KREDO & CO.. 22^ Geary st.
$1100— HOTEL; water front; splendid bargain.
$100— Branch bakery and delicatessen.
$150- Saloon; worth $300; to-day.
JONES. 865 Market st.
A — $400; PARTNER -wanted; light business;
established S years; $18 to $30 a week each:
no experience required; trial given. West-
ern Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
A— II6O— PARTNER wanted In established of-
fice business; will clear $75 a month to each.
MOON & CO., 1008% Market st.
$175— GREAT bargain; brunch bakery; vege-
tal, l.-, fruit business. BABILE. 5734 Market.
PARTY to join me to buy placer claim, Klon-
dike district; part cash down, bal. when
tiiken out; owner embarrassed on arcount of
business troubles. Box 600, Call office.
PARTNER with some means by expert wine
man for opening neat, respectable wine
room with family trade. Box 51S. Call office.
BUTCHER business for sale or exchange for
ranch property; good business; well
equipped. Address P. O. box 563, Modesto, Cal
GOOD 2-chair barber shop; near waJer front;
low reni; owner retiring from business. See
STOLTZ. CTO Market ?t
DRESSMAKER— Fine business opportunity for
good dressmaker. Apply McDowell's School,
105 Poal st
CHANCE of n lifetime; established business;
Market st . near Kearny: principals only.
x Z-y,, Call office.
<;<>t>l> paying saloon for sale; open all night.
Inquire liquor store, 701 and 755 Mission St.
FINE little saloon: must sell, account ot leav-
ing city. SOS Minna st.
FOR sale— Barber shop 1 chair; good business;
cheap. 91] Kearny st. •
RESTAURANT for sale at once on account of
sickness. Inquire 1212V4 Polk st.
$90— FINE cigar Ftand, news agency and laun-
dry office; cheap rent. 304 Fourth st.
WELL established laundry office on principal
street; all drop work anil cash. Address box
23. Branch Call office, 106 Eleventh st.
SALOON for sale. 23 East St., near Clay.
WITH $500 you can easily get rich manu-
facturing. Address box 595, Call office.
WANTED— A good restaurant man to take
charge of first-class restaurant in connection
■with a hotel; good-paying business; French-
man preferred. Address box 607. Call office.
A SALOON; l block from The Call: with 8
rooms; sell cheap on account of sickness.
Call at 677% Mission st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'B. 415 Sacramento st.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarter*:
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-10*
Bpfile st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
110-room corner house $6500
14-room house; only 600
26-room house; rent $50 750
6-room flat; rent $22 250
14 rooms: on Sutter st 460
2 rooms; reduced from $5000 to 2500
12 rooms: .in Market St.; rent $40 450
10-room house; only 150
21 rooms: corner: clears $150 SM)
46-room house; corner 1200
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
Abstracts furnished showing clear title.
' No contract from buyer or seller required.
II C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO &■ CO 224 Geary Street
Money Advanced on All Houses.
•19 rooms; elegant; clears $50 ...........-.5325
'2 rooms; Ellis St.; always full 500
And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
A— s32o; 10 rooms, nicely furnished: Taylor St..
nr. Geary; rent only $35. KREDO & CO.
A $4000; 240 rooms; guaranteed to clear $350
per month; trial given. KREDO & CO.
A— slso: C-room flat, south of Market: free rent
and light KREDO ft CO.. 224 Geary.
BARGAIN: lodging house: new futnlture:
clearing $250 a month. LOWENSTEIN, 34
Kearny st., rooms 10-11.
$550; ELEGANTLY furnished sunny corner
house. 10 rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
mo Ellis.
A— s3soo: 100 ROOMS, cor., with elevator: great
bargain. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
NEWLY furnished house of 7 rooms, all rented;
cheap for cash. 323 Taylor st. ;■"";-::
HORSES.
«0 HORSES of ever, description at Emporium
Salesyards. 220 Valencia st., bet. Thirteenth
and Fourteenth: also buggies; wagons, har-
ness, etc., at your own price.
40 HORSES for rale; also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. W7 Sixth; auction Mies every Wednes*
«ny StTLLTVAN ft DOTLF. A»rtlnn»er«.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
EXPRESS wagon and two horses for sale.
N. W. cor. Preclta aye. and Alabama st.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197. Fremont ■_
DIAMONDS; big bargains In them for holiday
presents at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
— DOMESTIC sewing machine; good order;
complete. 1915 Mission, near loth.
FRESH milch cow for sale. 1625 San Bruno
road.
FINE thorough-bred Great Dane pups; 8
weeks old; full pedigree given. 216V4 6th st.
BARS, back bar*, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth.
YACHT Rattler Jr., 21 feet 6 inches over all;
sloop, with cabin: fast sailer: nearly new.
Call or address 341 Bush St., San Francisco,
or S.. Call office, Oakland. >
A 6 H. P. gasoline marine engine; almost new;
cheap. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
TOOLS & machinery, every description, bought,
sold & exchanged: send postal. 648 Mission.
SAFES— Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
+23 Sacramento st.
J. R POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission: tel. South 787.
BAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
Blzes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
SIX ho-sepower Zenith gas engine: nearly new.,
Cal. Belt Co.. 819 Mission: tel. Br. 331.
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap.
TTt'F.crmTTDT. B?2 Golden Gate aye.
LOST.
LOST— Medal No. 32. Finder return to 40 Ellis
St.. and receive $5 reward.
LOST— Irish setter dog; partly spaniel; face
turning gray; reward at 218 Davis st. -
LOST, strayed or stolen — Black collie. Suita-
ble reward offered at 359 Geary st.
SMALL black leather bag containingspectacles,
etc.; suitable reward. 668 Castro.
LOST — A gold heart-shaped locket, with small
diamond In center. Finder return to this
office and receive suitable reward.
FOUND.
FOUND Greyhound; owner can have same by
proving property. 14 Leavenworth • st.
C._RFET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning WorUs — Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
S3 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250. -
WHEN you become dlstgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. SS3-57 Tehama St.: tel. S. !0.
CARPETS cleaned at to per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Cacpet-cleanlnr Co., 240 14th
st.; cleaning 3c per. yard; tel. Mission 74. -
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 73i Golden
Gate aye. : tel. East 126. ■ '..,.• .
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning C0...»0J f-utter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor. -.
___________ _____
PHYSICIANS.
REMOVAL Notice— C. C. O'Donnell, office
and residence, 1021 ft Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
HOtSES TO LET.
A— lo ROOMS; Post, near Franklin $50
A— lo rooms; Pacific aye.. near Franklin.. 60
A—loA — 10 rooms- Bush, near Van Ness 40
MM others; cheap. SPECK & CO., 602 Mkt.
A— Send for circular; houses to let all parts of
city. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FOLSOM, USA— $l5: upper flat; five large,
sunny rooms; yard, cellar; water free.
MODERN residence, MIS Jackson St.; grand
view; 11 rooms and bath. Apply MADISON
& BURKE, 626 Market st.
PERRY. 212V4— Bay-window house. 4 rooms;
rent $12 50; water free. Apply to G. H.
I'MBSEN & CO., Incorporated.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELU 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$10— HOUSE of 4 rooms; large barn; big yard.
Cor. Seventh aye. and Lake st.
12-ROOM house; fine for rerting rooms. 29 Oak
et., near Market. Apply at 15 Grant aye.
$32 50—14 ROOMS, new house; laid out for rent-
ing rooms. 3505 Twentieth St., nr. Mission.
COTTAGES TO LET.
403 LAUREL st., modern cottage six rooms
and bath; rent reasonable. Apply MADISON
& BURKE, 62tj Market st.
FIRXISHEU FLATS.
TO LET— From 1 to 3 months; the most desir-
able and handsomely furnished flat in the
city, of 7 rooms and bath, to couple with-
out children; telephone and piano. Address
B. T. H.. box 028. Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
A— loo FLATS, cottages. $7 to $11;" 10 to 30
free. At A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market.
A— SI6— FOLSOM, 909, near Fifth— New bay-
window flat; 5 light rooms; bath; gas; tubs.
CASTRO, 541. near 19th— $17 50; 6 rooms and
porcelain bath ; sunny upper flat.
GROVE, 535— Flat of 4 rooms to let; rent
cheap.
MODERN lower flat, 6 rooms and bath; large
basement; rent reasonable; 3316 Sacramento
st. MADISON & BURKE.
OLIVE aye., 127 — Upper flat of 4 rooms; $12; no
children.
RENT reduced $12; E36A sixth et.; nice flat: 4
rooms; hall; folding doors; mantel; large
yard; rear entrance.
UPPER flat; 3 rooms; 246 Harriet St.; rent
.'..:■ .•-,'. ■. v Hi'RKE.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELJL 10 Mont-
gomery Et.
$1C AND $1S: modern double bay-window flats,
6 and 7 rooms; IS Henry st., between Sanchez
and Noe. $12: bay-window flat, 4 rooms, 3705
Seventeenth st.
$2o— LOWER flat; 0 rooms and bath; furnished.
Apply immediately at 2032 Stelner St.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— RENT fife in good house to respectable
couple in return for some services; give par-
ticulars. Address box 622, Call office.
EDDY, 4GS— Neatly furnished suite for house-
keeping; ground flour, $S; private.
EDDY. 917— Very desirable connecting house-
keeping rooms; no children; private residence.
ELEVENTH. IL'O 3 fp :;! r X DU f T light QOUSe-
keeping; single or en suit.'; no children.
FIFTH, 322— Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen:erate; sink; water: bath; private: $11.
FIFTH. 892— Complete housekeeping rooms in
private family; rent from $1 up.
GROVE, 131— Furnished room suitable for light
housekeeping.
GROVE, 2u2, corner Vao Ness aye.— Suite of 3
tunny unfurnished rooms, with gas range.
HARRIET. 15— Two furnished housekeeping
rooms; cheap.
MARKET, 102S— Large sunny front room and
kitchen: folding bed; closet: call after 6 p. m.
MINNA, M2— H( usekeeplng rooms, complete;
suites of rooms with grates in.
MISSION, 868, near sth— Suit of 2 nice sunny
keeping rooms; pleasant and cheap.
MISSION, Il2." ! i Furnished room for light
housekeeping; $fi per month.
NATOMA, 81, near 2d— Sunny front rooms for
•keeping; also single room, $1 per week
up; nuift respectable place.
NINTH. :''!, near Market— 2 sunny connecting
stove; water; gas; $11.
POST, 922— Unfurnished sunny rooms, single or
in suits, with all conveniences.
RUSS, 11C, off Howard, near Sixth— Double
parlor and kitchen unfurnished.
SCOTT. 1614- Fln-t floor of 3 onfurnish»d
rooms; bath; garden; $16; adults only.
SHIPLEY. 259—4 housekeeping rooms, $8; fur-
nished, $8: no children; no dogs.
SHOTWELL. 937— Upper floor; private house; 3
unfurnished rooms; $8.
SIXTH. 216 V* —Sunny front rooms for light
housekeeping; also back rooms; reasonable.
TURK, 20—2 nicely furnished, light rooms,
complete for housekeeping.
KOO.US TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-oluss
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Stockton. 242- Hunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BOHEMIA, 23i* Post— Elegant corner sunny
suites and single rooms to families and gen-
tlemen; all conveniences; erevator, etc.; rea-
sonable.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth St., corner Howard—
rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 a night;
$1 23 to S5 week; open all night: Howard-st.
'ins pass house direct from all trains.
BUSH, (29— Neatly furnished front room; very
reasonable.
CLARA, 158—3 large eunny rooms to let; rent
$7: water free.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market-Furnished or un-
furni-h.'.l single and double rms.; *-. $10 mo.
EDDY, 118- Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central; very desirable; $6 per month upward.
EIGHTEENTH, 3472, nr. Valencia— Nice sunny I
front room for 1 in family of 2.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— Nice sunny suites
& sing., $1 50, $6 wk. ; 60c. $1 day;. tel. BL 1364.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant, sunny, unfurnis!,->!
rooms to let.
FOLSOM, 1136—3 sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping; rent $12 50.
FOLSOM. 1254— 56; 2 pleasant and convenient
housekeeping rooms; unfurnished.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HASKELL, The, 121 Powell— New management;
cheap, neat, light sunny rooms; transient.
LARKIN. 408— Sunny front and single room;
nicely furnished; private house.
MARKET. W34. near 7th— Neatly furnished
front office, rent $12; also large front room,
three windows, for office or business, $15;
small rooms, $5.
MECHANICS' Hour?, 438 Fifth— Everything
new; rms., single or eultfi, $1 wk. up; trans-
lent; bar in ct nnrctlon. F. W. Gardener, brc.
C. .1. Gardener of Folaom and Rausch, prop.
MINNA, 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished room*; ele-
vator: -electric lights; day, week or month.
PIEDMONT House, USA 6th— Nicely furnished |
sunny front rooms; double, single; first-class, j
PINE, 514 A, near Kearny — Nicely furnished !
sunny rooms; single or en suite; moderate, j
PINE. 1006: the Victor — Beautiful, sunny
suites; single rooms, excellent board; ref.
SEVENTH. 179— New house, newly furnished; i
modern, sunny; single or suite; $6 to $20 mo. j
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth et.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THIRD. 340 -Two rooms complete for house-
keeping; rent $7.
TURK, 12C,— Single furnished rooms for man
nnd wife; also single room .'or gent.
TURK, 529 — Two front unfurnished rooms with
running water.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
FELL. 26—2 nicely furnished sunny rooms, with
board; reasonable; gas; gents preferred.
FIRST, 41G— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fairmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture: first class in every respect: table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water: elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
HOWARD. 2606 — Large sunny room, grate
large clonet, with board for 2, $35.
D'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board; special rates for Z or more.
BUTTER. 1128— Elegant room and board; toea-
tlon unßurpassed; reasonable.
VAN NESS aye., El9— Sunny furnished suites
and ninple rnnms: first-class table board.
* Hit !»iii \ UOARDED.
WANTED— A child to board; nice home; one
block from school; mother's care; reasonable.
1414 Twenty-flrst aye., East Oakland.
QOOD home for children; $2 per week. Box
624, Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION! ~ ~T~
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The celebrated medium and clairvoyant of all
clairvoyants, who sees it all. tells you all and
instantly gives you peace and happiness. She
never asks a question, but before you utter a
word she tells you in full of all that you are
interested in; business, speculation. love,
marriage, divorce, tells of friends and ene-
mies, locates mines and burled treasures.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Hpr assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseased on earth, consumption, paralysis
rheumatism, all skfn diseases, heart and r.er-
voue affections. The wonderful cures which
eh" has made are the talk of the whole slope.
All correspondence sacredly confidential. J
Treatment and consultation by mall always
natisfactory and most successful. Address or
call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
1104 Market st.. S. F., The Vendome.
DR. M. MUEHLENBRUCH. the prophetic seer
nnd psychnmetrlst. box lis. Oakland. Cal..
diagnoses disease by mail without symptoms
1 from lock of hair; 5 2-cent stamps; rock from
I mines read, $2 B0; life readings by mail, $2 50;
send for testimonials.
THE Mission Lyceum will hold its Christmas
entertainment and d:ince this (Wednesday)
evening; admission lflc; Excelsior Hall, Mis-
sion r.t., between Nineteenth and Twentieth;
election and installation of officers; next
Sunday.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated tranca
test medium. llf» reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures d!s"n»p with revealed remedies; consult
when other* fa!' • sittings 11. 23. St-ickton st.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, Independent glate
writing -medium. lIS Haight st.
MRS. KATE HOBKINB, trance medium; read-
ings daily. $1. 322 S. Spring ?t., I>is Angelo-.i.
MRS. ELLIS: testa to all; Tue*.-Frl., 2 p. m. ;
Mon.. S: 2.'c: sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
Permanently Located In Sa.n Francisco^
At 1023% Market Street.
Between Sixth and Seventh.
While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family 1
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriasa j
with the one you love no failure, remove influ-
ence, bad habits, cures witchery, fits and long-
Etanding and mysterious diseases; will give cor-
rect Information on law suits, sickness, death,
divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023% Market st.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 2C.c. US 6th, rrn. 10.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; 10c; ladles only.
54:f Xatoma st., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MADAME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader
palmist; truth or no pay; 25c. 11^ Mission.
BLANCHE de Chapelle, card reading. 417
Bush st.. rooms 9 and 10.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1169 Mission, nr. Sth.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and : I.
2."c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. DR. ANNA THC>MAsT first Inlier pro-
fesaion. has removed to 218 Stockton st.
MME. RAVENA '•"ads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLK, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Fnrr.>!l st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the wMI-known fortune j
toller, has opened an office at 315 OFnrrell st. !
MEDICAL.
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk St., has returned i
to the city and resumed business; a s^ire and I
cafe cure for all female diseases from what- j
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWTER, EU Eddy St., between ;
Hyde and Larkin.
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored j
instantly (no matter what cause) ; cafe and
gure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fail:
travelers helped without delay; home In con- i
flnement; skillful medical attention; all those i
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialists free and confidential. MRS. :
DR. WYETH. 208 Turk St.. near Jones. '
ALL of Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed i
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively rafe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken In time It nlso acts as a pre-
ventive: price $1 HO per box. sent free by mall
en receipt of price; consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23 Grant I
aye., S. F. A caution— Before purchasing I
elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble: no mat-
ter from what cause an.l how long standing;
every woman her >own physician; safe and
pure; no medicine or Instruments used; con- I
Eultation free; pills and capsules, $1; cure $S. I
By the well-known ladies' physician for 37
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER, 3is Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; no instruments used: guaranteed cure j
at office. $5; travelers h°lr p d instantly: hours
8 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1123
Market St.. bet. Maeon and Taylor.
AILMENTS— Indies in trouble see Drs. Good-
win free: reliable, cafe and sure; cure in 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints; no instru-
ments; maternity home; best medical at-
tendance: cure. $3. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1362 A Mkt., bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned spe-
cialist; all monthly irregularities r»stored;
whatever cause; all cases relievpd Immedate-
ly: call or write; confidential. 1023V4 Market.
ALL married ladles know "heguro," the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st. ;
$1 80. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEOU-
RO MFG. CO.. 631 X st.. Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home In confinement, with every '
comfort; best care mci attendance: terms
moderate; infants adonted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with I
female troub'.?*: 110 danger: safe cure; $2 60; j
expressed C. O. D.; don't delay until too late. I
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland Cal.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; pleasant sunny horn»
in confinement. 166' Second st.; tel. Green 52.
Bellevue Sanitarium— Ladles cared for during j
eonflm-ment. 727 Bellevue aye., Loa Angeles, j
. OFFICES- TO LET.
MONTGOMERY avc. 116— Large, sunny bay
window rooms; suitable for doctor; cheap.
A RUNNY corner, suitable for offices; single
or ftp. 1206 Market, corner Golden Gate.
EMMA PPKECKELS building. 927 Market' St.—
Light, hpnt. janitor and telephone; rents $12 60
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
SEW I MACHINES.
ft MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. ■ 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing nt lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. ■
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT^T^TlC^^lvT^a^pTopeiler
Company, of flee and principal place of busi-
ness, 327 Market St., Sari Francisco, Cal.
Notice is hereby given that at a meeting of
the Board of Directors, held. on the 12th day
of December. 1898, |an assessment. (No. .3)
of one (1) cent per share was levied upon the
capital stock of the corporation, payable im-
mediately in United States gold coin to the
secretary at the office of the company at the
above address. .
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 17th day of January,
1899, will be delinquent and advertised for
sale , at public auction, and unless payment
is made before, will be sold on the 3d day
of February, 1899, to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with costs of advertising and
expenses of sale. By order of the Board of
Directors. v
■ CHARLES A. 1 HUG, Secretary,'
■ ■-- ■■ 327 Market st.
~~< LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE in hereby given • that HENRY
FLEMKR and SAMUEL ■ M. SNYDEK, con-
ducting- a saloon and cigar business at No.
3300 • Mission street, San Francisco, as co-
partners, have this day dissolved copartner-
ship by mutual consent. MR. FLEMER will
retire from said business on this date and
MR. SNYDER will continue to conduct the
game at the same place. - .--■
Dated December 24, 1698. „
' HENRY FLEMER.
' , SAMUEL M. SNYDER.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS— Estate of ISAAC
S. BELCHER, deceased, j Notice 13 hereby
given by the undersigned executrix of the es-
tate of ISAAC S. BELCHER, deceased, to
the creditors of . and all persons having
claims against th» said deceased, to exhibit
them, with the necessary vouchers, within
ten months after the first publication of this
notice to' the said executrix, at the office
of RICHARD BELCHER, Belcher building.
MarysvlHe, California, the same being her
place for the transaction of the business of
the said estate. ADELINE N. BELCHER.
Executrix of the Estate of ISAAC S. BEL-
CHER, deceased. : . , .
Dated at San Francisco. December 19. IS9B.
RICHARD BELCHER,
Belcher building,: Maryaville, Cal.,, Attorney
for Executrix. .»...-■■ ; .
~ STORAGE. ~~~ ~ T ~~
"pTE^E-RODoXF^nitorage^and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post at., cor. Powell; tel. Mala 4711 ;
PERSONALS.
JOSEPH GREVEN, instructor ot many 0
•celebrated singers, will open by request two
classes, each with about 10 pupils, beginning
January, being Impossible to receive the many
applicants tor single lessons; classes, month-
ly J2. ensemble and single treatment; only
those enlisting before Christmas accepted.
Rms. 121-122 Murphy bldg.. Jones and Market.
PICTURE framing with glass, now. cheaper
than ever; 7x9 inches. 10c; 10x12. 15c; 12x16.
20c; 14x17. 25c; 16x20, 30c; 18x22, 35c; 20x24, 45c;
22x25, 60c; curtain poles complete, with wood
or brass trimmings, 15c; room molding, all
colors, lc per foot: colored pictures, studies, !
etc., 3 for 10c. JONES. 547 Mission St., bet.
First and Second. Open evenings. . .
LEDERER'S Qulnonia is the only hair tonic
that thoroughly cleanses the scalp; 35c per
bottle; try it. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER, the leading hairdresser, charges
but 25c for dressing the- hair, any style; up- |
to-date; switches $1 up; open Sunday and
Monday, 9to 12. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
THE Gastronome Restaurant, formerly the
Poodle Dot, will remain open at the same
.place as before, the kitchen being under the
j direction of one of the best chefs In the city.
A. GAUDARD. Prop., cor. Bush and Grant.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market; 200 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
j CHRISTMAS Sale— Japanese bamboo furniture;
all kinds to order, wholesale and retail; coun- |
■ _ try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO.. 313 Sutter. j
! YOUR fortune told by cards; ladies 10c; gents
j 25c; satisfaction guaranteed. 77 Ninth st.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's; !
highest price; postal. 11. Fabian, 1020 Folsom. j
STAMP Albums, best Christmas present: stamps
bought. W. Sell.-';:.. & Co., 118 Stockton st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
_$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth st, Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117. Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
DRESSMAKERS.
LEARN, dressmaking, ladies' tailoring, mil-
linery; special offer this week: perfect fitting
patterns. McDowell School, 103 Post st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' .French Tailoring
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 844-846 Market St.; tel. Main 1634.
LOANS to salaried people; no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 1003V4 Broadway,
Oakland. Hours, 10 to 3. ' " : '
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6H per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rra. 3.
$5000 IN sums to suit; reliable parties. 120 Ellis
st., room 4, until Jan. 1. .
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason St., opp. Oiympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister, st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of Tha Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
MONEY WANTED. '
WANTED— SIOOO for 1 year, on 'note; good se-
curity. Box 523, Call.
FINANCIAL.
NOTES discounted; loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
HOUSES built for $150 a room and up: repair
done: will call. GEORGE M. SALSBURY.
builder, 521 X St.. Sunset District.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
WANTED— Tenant for 5, 10 and 500 acre ranch
at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market st.
FOR SALE— Country home of F. S. Wensin-
ger; C 25 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises. Freestone, Sonoma Co.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— and cheap. H. SCHELL^
HAAS' old store, 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— cents on the dollar; one 5, one
6 and one 7 room cottage; also for Investment,
two 2-story cottages; pay fnet 10 per cent;
best location. Apply to A. R. DENKE SR.,
Webster-st. station, narrow-gauge.
HOUSES built to order at your own prices and
en your own terms: call and see plans. J. H.
YOUNG. Builder. 1243 Park St.
BBRIUii^V REAL ESTATE.
$4000— FOR a new, modern house of 6 rooms;
furnished throughout with the latest style;
large . lot; situated near electric and steam
cars and ten minutes' walk to university;
owner must go East at once; a chance of a
lifetime. O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center
St., Berkeley.
PLEASANT home of 7 rooms on Improved
street, for only $2250. O. G. MAY & CO.,
2123 Center -at.
MARftIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Alfred A. Brakke and Cora H. Thompson. 27-19
Theo. C. Hammett and Christina Mellae 22 T l9
Abe Rothberg and Rosie Marasch 24-19
Gordon E. Davis and Susan Dickey 25-25
David C. Clark and Lulu L. Stealey 34-24
E. F. Peterson and Edith Nichols 23-19
John I. S. Spurring and .Hflnna, Strom 27-35
I. J. H. Zabriske and Catherine Hannon. .2l-21
L. A. Alborelll and Grace R.'McCobb 21-13
W. M. M*orah and Catherine Thornton 29-27
G. A. Neumiller and Lillian M. Taylor ... 25-22
H. L. Williams Jr. and Emma M. Morgan. 2l-19
S. R. Leon and Stifle L. Woolfe.'. 24-24
C. D. Klop'penburg and Adal!ne:Mathews.. 29-26
Carey B. Newcomer and Lucille Burnham. 32-33
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death . notices sent by
mail will not be inserted.' They must be handed
in at -either of the publication offices and bo
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
COHN— In this city, December 12, IS9B, to the
wife of Herman .Cohn, a eon. ,i -. ■ . .
;.; ■■ ■:•';■:.;.. mab-bied.' ,' % "
ABRAHAM— ABRAHAM— In this city. Decem-
ber 22, IS9B. by .the- Rev. J. M.. Buehler, Ed-
ward Abraham and. Emma Abraham.
DUKESHIER— KAME— In' this city, December
. 26, IS9B, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D.,
i Arthur Dukeshier and ■• Mrs. Hannah Caro-
line Kame, both of San Francisco.
HANSEN— MICHAEL— In Oakland. December
24, IS9S, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Rasmus
Hansen and Martha Michael.
ROSSETTI— SCHWERIN— this city, Decem-
ber 22, IS9S, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Wil-
liam A. RoEsetti and Lizzie M. Schwerin.
RUPPEL— GERL— In this city, December 24,
1898, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Henry Rup-
pel and Wilhelmina Qerl.
• DIED.
• Barrett, Elizabeth Kelly, Fannie
Brekke, Nells P. Leavy, John
Bertram, Henry j Lee, George H.
Bryant, Robert M. ■ MaKgio. Giovanni
Butler, Julia Montague, Nellie
Carlisle, Eleanor M. Moore, Charles
Carlson, Carl E. O'Connor, Mary A.
Doherty, John OutcaJt, William D.
Eckley, John L. . Pearce, Henry M. ■
Frolickle. Robert ... Pitcher, Esther A.
Geary, Mary S. ' Schenkel, Peter
Gillman, Harriet Smith, John M.
Gyle, Hanchen ,• Smith, Lottie R.
Hall, Frederick Street. Katie
Hourlet, Marian C. Sullivan, Julia E.
Hutchlnson. Joseph Tobey, Amelia P. :
Kamena, Marguerite Zannetin, Louisa "
BARRETT— In this city, December 27, IS9S.
Elizabeth, dearly beloved • wife of Edward
Barrett, and mother of Mrs. Louisa Duffy, a
native of the parish of Mallow, County Cork,
Ireland, aged 65 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
BREKKE— In this -city, December 2.". IS9B
Nells Pederson Brekke, a native of Stavan-
ger, Norway, aged 35 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited ■to attend the . funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Craig & Cochran Company. 62 and 54 Mint
avenue. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery- «
BERTRAM— this city, December 27, 18S3,
Henry Bertram, late of Klamathon, Siskiyou
County, Cal., a native of Ohio, aged 40 years
■v (tTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
''■ (Thursday), •at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co. „ 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, theYice to. St. Brendan's
j Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BRYANT— In Santa Cruz, December 26. 1893,
Robert M. Bryant, a native of Bristol. Me.,
aged 77 years 1 month" and 20 days. is^tol,
Me., papers please copy.) •
i 'riends and .acquaintances are .: respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this d?ty
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock; from the residence
of his daughter, Mrs. D. E. Carter, 2028
Hearst avenue, near Berkeley. station. Inter-
i ment Mountain View Cemetery. \ . •
; BUTLER— In this city, December 26, 1898, Julia.
relict of William Butler, and mother of Wil-
liam Butler and Sister Mary Gabriel of the
Presentation Convent, a native of Ireland,
aged 70 years. ;? : • • ;
' (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attends the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at S:3O o'clock, from the resi-
I dence of her son, 1177 SHotwell street, thence.
to St. Peter's Church, -where a solemn requiem
rnn^s will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.- • - .- - <-" ■ -. . ■•
CARLISLE— this city, December 25. 1898,
Eleanor M. Carlisle, a native of Pennsylva-
I nia.
(C?" Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Thurs-.
day), at 2 o'clock, at her late residence, 1908
Devisadero street. Interment private. Please
omit flowers. . .... . .
CARLSON— this city. December 26. 1893,
Carl Edwin Carlson, beloved son of S. P.
! and Jennie Carlson, a native of San Fran-
I Cisco, aged 3 years 9 months and 27 days.'
(C?"Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the family
1 residence, 1213 Folsom street. Interment
I Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DOHERTY— In the City and County Hospital.
. December 27, 1893, John Doherty. a native of
Ireland, aged 66 years.
ECKLEY— In this city. December, 26, IS9S, John ■
Lowell, beloved husband of Sarah E. Eck-
ley, brother of Henry Bclfley .of Los Ange-
les and Joseph S. Eokley of Buffalo, N. V.,
and father of John H., W. Henry and Frank
Knight Eckley and Fannie V. Marsh, a na-
tive of Boston, Mass., aged 71 years 9 months
and 9 days.
CFriends are respectfully Invited to' at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, at his late residence, 21
Eleventh street, thence to Odd Fellows"
Cemetery for cremation. Interment private.
FROLICKLE— this city, December 27. IS9B,
Robert Frolickle.
GEARY— In this city. December 27, .1898, at her
residence, 306 Guerrero street, Mary dearly
beloved wife of Jeremiah Geary, aged 63
years.
C7lntermenl private.
GILLMAN— In this city, December 27, 1SO8»
Harriet, beloved wife of Thomas Gfllman.
and daughter of Harriet Scales of Newark,
N. J., a native of Rahway, N. J., aged 43
years and 9 months.
E3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow 1
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 123
Stockton street, corner of Geary.
GYLE— In this city. December 27, IS9«, Han-
chen, beloved wife of Louis A. Gyle, and ■
mother of Eva, Julia, Dora, Hortense, , Beat-
rice, Joseph. Abraham, Sylvan and Noah,
Gyle, a native of Kempen, Germany, aged.
49 years. '
HALL— In this city, December ' 26, IS9S. Fred-
erick Hall, a native of Vermont, aged 73
years. " ' ' ' :': '
K?"Friends< are respectfully' Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 3 o'clock, at Cathedral Mission of
the Good Samaritan, Second and Folsom.
streets. Interment private. . . ; . ' " > :
HOURIET— In Oakland, December 25,--ISaS
Marian Catherine, widow of the late louden
Houriet, and mother of Mrs. Susan H.
Wheeler and Mrs. Elizabeth Perigo, a native
of -France, aged -70 years 10 months and 9
days. (Indianapolis and Terra Itaute. Ind.,,
and Dcs Moines, la., papers please copy.)- .-
[CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day..
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her lata
rHidence, 601 Eighteenth street,- Oakland;; 1
Interment Mountain View Cemetery. , "<V
HUTCHINSON— In this city. December M. ;S9S,
at his residence, 808 Valencia street, Joseph'-
C, beloved husband of Anna M. ■Hutchin-
r son, and father of Mrs. Florence Hutchineon
Bourne, a native of Massachusetts, aged 61
years. ■■; : -:"
Friends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 4 o'clock, from his lute resi-
dence, SOS Valencia street. Interment at Bo- .
Unas, where funeral services will be held
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, In the
I Presbyterian Church.
KAMENA— In this city, December 27, 1898, of
diphtheria, Marguerite J., beloved daughter,
of Henry and Mary Kamena. and dearly, be-
loved sister of Joseph, George, Katie, Willie. .
Fannie and' the late James E. Kamena,' '&
native of San Francisco, aged 7 years. {
months and 15 days.
KELl.*'— this city, December 26, 1893.' Fan-
nie, beloved wife of the late John Kelly, sis-
ter of Mrs. H. Sweeney, and aunt. of Maggie
Harris, a native of Butlers Gift, parish of
Drimolegue, County Cork, Ireland, aged. 43
years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her' late
residence, 313 Twelfth street, thence to. St.
■ Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for th» repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LEAVY— In Oakland, December 26, 1898, John
Leavy, a native of Tinney Cross, Kings
County, Ireland, aged 60 years.- - . ■ ... ■
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day . •
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 309 Seventh street, thence to the
Church of the Immaculate Conception, where
services will be held commencing at 2:35
o'clcx-k. Intern.; nt St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
LEE— In this city. December 27, 1898, George
Henry, dearly beloved son of George H. and
Sarah Ann Lee. a native of San Francisco, 1 ;
aged 9 months and 14 days. >, -. ■ " . ..•» ■
MAGGIO— In this city. December 25. IS9B,'. Gio-
vanni Magglo, beloved brother of- Fortunato,.
Rachel, Mary and . Luigia Magglo, and
brother-in-law of Elena Maggie, a native of.
■ Camogll, Italy, aged 69 years and 1 month. ..
; (EFFrlends and acquaintances are ; respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1007 Battery street, thence to Gari-
baldi. Hall. . Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MONTAGUE— In this city, December. 27, 1898,"
Nellie, beloved daughter of Mrs. T. Monta-
gue, and sister of Ida Montague, a native, of
Colorado, aged 21 years. - "■
E7"Remains at the parlors of the Henry J.
Gallagher Company, 20 Fifth st."
MOORE— In the City and County Hospital, De-
cember 27, 1398, Charles Moore, a native of
England, aged 35 years. .- .' >
O'CONNOR— In this city, December 27, 1898.
Mary A., beloved - wife of Roger O'Connor,
mother of Rogle. Daniel and Charlie O'Con-
' nor, and sister of Maggie, Kate and Mrs." Pat-
rick Lydon. a native of Westqn, West VII*
ginia, aged 33 years. • ';
C?" Notice of funeral hereafter. : ,
OUTCALT— In this city, December 27, 1898.-
William D., beloved husband of Annie Out-
cult, and son of H. C. and S. Oultealt, a. na-
tive of Ohio, aged 40 years. ■• .'
PEARCE— In this city.- December 26, 1898.
Henry M., dearly beloved husband of Mary
Pearce, and father of Mrs. Joseph Mells, Mrs. 1
S. A. D. Jones and Nellie G. Pearce.' a ha- "
tive of England, aged 63 years 10 months/and
9 days. • ■ ■ .
Friends are respectfully Invited to. at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at 11
o'clock, from his. late residence, 1625 ..Oak
street. Interment private. . ■
PITCHER — In East Oakland. December 27, 1898, .
Esther A. Pitcher, mother of Mrs. Carl White
-of Oakland. Elmer C. Pitcher of San' Fran-
cisco, J. Clifford Pitcher of Oakland and
Charles D. Pitcher' of Chaumont. N. V.. a,
native of. New York, aged 65 years 3 months
and 7 days. . .. »•
SCHENKEL— In this city, December 26, IS9B,
Peter, dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth
Schenkel, and stepfather of Edward. F. and 1
Henry A. Jansing, and brother of Julius
and Charles Schenkel and Mrs. Philip Hahn 1 '
of Philadelphia, a native of Baden. Germany, .
aged 58 years 10 months and 4 days. A mem-
ber of St. Peter and St. Paulus Society.
(C? Notice of funeral hereafter. '
SMITH— this city, December 27, 1898, John
M., beloved husband of Mary A. Smith, and.
father of John W. and Mathlas Smith,, a na-
tive of Berlin, Germany, . aged 65 years 9
months and 29 days.
SMlTH— Lottie R., wife of James R. Smith.
STREET— In this city, December 26. IS9B, '
Katie, beloved wife of John Street, and
mother of Ada. Lorretta" and Alice Street,
and sister of John F. and Mary Hayes. a.na- .
tlve of San Jose, Cal., aged 41 years 7 months '
and 21 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect*
"fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 419 Fair Oaks street, thence to. St.-
Jamee Church, where a solemn requiem mass • -
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery- •: , , . "
SULLIVAN— In this city, December 2], IS9B,
Julia E., Infant daughter of James and Mary
Sullivan, a native of San Francisco,, aged 6
days.
TOBEY — In Menlo Park, December 25. ISPS.
Amelia Park Tobey, beloved daughter of Cur-
tis and Julia" M. Tobey, and sister of Curtis
Tobey Jr. and Theodosla Kate Tobey, aged
23 years 11 months and 21' days. (Boston and
Plymouth County, Mass., and ' Geneva and
Waterloo. N. V., papers please copy.) I x;:.
lE?" After prayers at her late , residence,
Menlo Park, Wednesday, December .28. at 11 :
o'clock, the remains will be taken to Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, where services will be held
at 1 o'clock in. the chapel. '.' .' , '
ZANNETIN— In Mount St. Joseph's . Asylum,
December 26, 1898, Louisa, beloved daughter
of Louis and the late Mary Zannetlri, and '
sister of the late Joseph Zannetln, a native
of Italy, aged 13 years 2 months and 23 jivi.
* HENRY J. GALLAGHER C 0. ,; V
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL' DIRECTORS AND EUBAL!Ea\ "
i 20 Fifth at., opposite Lincoln School. , ' ■'
Telephone South 80. . . .' ■■" *.'■-;? -
mcAvov a co., ■
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3 I I
1286 Market st, between Bth and Sth. 1
Telephone, South 247. ■ -1 ' -|
1 • : ■■■•' • • -■ ;i v. ■ '. •.
1112
HIS WELL-FILLED
WALLET STOLEN
BY A "TALL MAN"
Daring Robbery on
Market Street.
A STRANGER THE VICTIM
ROBBED OF HIS PURSE CON
TAINING A WAD OF BILLS.
James McAllister Has His Pocket
Picked of Seventeen Hundred
Dollars — The Police Are
Notified.
James McAllister, a recent arrival from
Ireland, was robbed last night of a purse
containing $170i> In Bank of England
notes while looking at a display In a
Btore on Markr-t fitreit.
Sowing a crowd In front of a window,
McAllister, anxious to see what was going
on, joined the throng. He became bo In
terested in the display that he did not no
tice a tall young man. Insert his hand in
his pocket and abstract his purse.
McAllister, a short time after the bold
robbery, walked down Market street, in
tending to insert an advertisement in one
of the newspapers, asking for employ
ment. As he entered the newspaper of
fice he felt for his purse and was sur
prised to find it pone. After meditating
over his loss McAllister remembered tiiat
while he was looking In the show-window
■B. "tall young man" brushed against him,
■ frut immediately apologized after explain
ing that it was an accident.
Realizing that he was the victim of a
clever pickpocket McAllister went to po
lite, headquarters and reported the rob
bery to Lieutenant Hannah, whose expe
rience as . nd Yard detective, to
hear him tell it, would rival the famous
BLories of Sherlock Holmes. After listen
ing to McAllister's statement of the rob
bery Hannah, after cautioning him not
To "breathe a word" to the reporters,
turned him over to Captain Bohen. The
latter detailed Detective Graham on the
case, but up to a late hour last night he
had not succeeded In iinding the thief
or the valuable notes.
McAllister is convinced that the man
•who jostled him while lie was looking in
the show-window robbed him of his purse.
"After I joined the crowd." he said,
when telling his story. "I felt somebody
trying to inst-rt his hand In my pocket.
The tall young man stood alongside of
me, and as 1 looked at him he apologized,
after calling my attention to some par
ticular attraction in the window. As I
gazed at him he jostled me to one side,
and it was then that he stole my purse."
McAllister has given the police a good
description of him, and every effort will
be made to run him down.
CARLOADS OF OPIUM.
Nearly Half a Million Dollars' Worth
Arrived on the China Last
Monday.
The steamer China brought the largest
cargo of prepared opium on record, con
sisting of 660 boxes, the duty on which,
at $6 per pound amounts- to $162,360. Ine
value of the opium, duty paid, is in the
neighborhood of $400 .fin0. . The drug is not
all used in California, htuis shipped to
other parts of the United States, Canada
and Mexico. A hundred and twenty-eight
Chinese, of whom six are females, ar
rive 1 on the .Ch^na, Of this number flf
teen males and one female were denied
a landing at Honolulu, and they deter
mined to sample San Francisco as a port
of entry.
■ » ■
KELLINI WAS PARTICULAR.
When Sentenced to Folsom He Mani
fested His Displeiwure.
Tomasso Kellmi, the murderer of Louisa
Spain, wa.s. tn- accordance "with the verdict
rendered by the jury that tried him, sen
tenced to Folsom Prison for the term of
his natural life by Judge Wallace yester
day. The Judge denied the defendant's
motion for a new trial and remarked that
the crime w;:s a peculiarly atrocious one,
brutal in character and totally without
rxtenuming iirnimstan<'es. ■ The prisoner
asked to be sent to San Q'uentin, but
Judge Wallace selected- "the convict's
horror" as the lifetime residence of the
murderer.
AN ATHLETE DEPARTS.
W. A. Brassey of the New Zealand
Insurance Company Is Missing.
W. A. Brassey, the young athlete who
disappeared from his home, 909 Oak
street, a few weeks ago, is not a memi
her of the Olympic Club, -as stated in an
evening paper.' About a. year ago he en
tered the employ of the New Zealand
Insurance Company and was considered a
model young man. •
Mr. Thomas, manager. of the company,
denies the report that Brassey left his
accounts in a tangled state. Brassey is
supposed to have sailed on the last
steamer that left this port for Australia.
Assaulted Her Mother.
Mrs. Brennan, living at 23 Langton
street, visited the Receiving Hospital last
night to have- a deep cut in her head
dressed. She said that her daughter Liz
zie, becoming incensed at some remark
passed by her ;it the dinner table, picked
up the knife and cut her head. She
threntens to have the daughter arrested
to-day for an assault with a deadly
weapon.
Your eczema,, dandruff, itching scalp or
any skin eruption cured with. Smith's
Dandruff Pomade when all other reme
dies fa.il. Price 50c, at all druggists. Sam
ple free. Address Smith Bros., Fresno.
Cal. ... •
In the Divorce Courts.
Decrees nf divorce on the ground of will
ful neglect were granted yesterday to
May Lathers from John E. Lathers and
Martha A. Smith from Lewis O. Smith.
Gold '
\JlVilVl
Border and Tinted Green Cen-
ter. Moustache Gups, . Salad
Sets, Cake Trays. Given
away free with . ..
American's Best
Teas, Coffees, Spices
GreatAmericanimport'gTea Co,
661 Market, op. Powell 705 Larkin St.
• 140 Sixth St. 1419 Pork St.
218 Third St. 1819 Devlsadero St.
500 1. corny St. 2008 Flllmore St.
140 Ninth St. 321 Montgomery Ay.
8510 Mission St. 1 100 Kentucky St.
8000 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
•55 Hayes St. 32 Market St.
i • OAKLAND STORES:; !
!053WashtngtonSt. 131 San Pablo Are.
617 Broadway. 616 E Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St.
v r AI-AMEDA— I3S* Park St. ■
SAN RAFAEL— B St.. near Fourth.
We also 14
China, (^rockery, Gla«6Warb ■
Cheap's* Pries? in, America,
■VIV Write f.r OfttaltgiM. '■'.',
GRAND DUKE CYRIL OF RUSSIA.
His Imperial Highness Here on His Way to the
Realm of the White Czar.
H-IS Imperial Highness, the Grand Diifce Cyril Vladimrovltch of
Russia, who is a first cousin of the present Czar and third In line
of succession to the crown, attended by his suite, arrived at the
Palace yesterday morning. He was a passenger on the steamship
China, and when he arrived Collector Jackson and Surveyor Spear,
acting under instructions from the Secretary of the Treasury,
at the request of the Russian Consul, extended to the Grand Duke the cour
tesies and freedom of the port. Deputy Surveyor Chauncey St. John and the
Russian Consul, General Vladimir Artsimovieh, went out to the China on
tu*:s at an early hour to welcome the distinguished visitor. The Grand Duke
came ashore on a tug, and was at once driven to the Palace, where
he and his attendants were assigned suites of apartments.
In the Grand Duke's immediate party are Lieutenant Powzanoff and Sub
lieutenant Coube of the imperial navy, with their valets. As soon as the
distinguished guests had retired to their apartments, Special Officer P. J.
Sullivan of the regular police force was stationed on guard at the door lead
ing to the Grand Duke's apartments. He kept watch all day.
The Grand Duke was born on September 30, IS7C. His father was the Grand
Duke Vladimir, a brother of the late Czar. For over a year he has been
with the Pacific squadron of the imperial navy as an officer on the flagship
Kresser Rossia. At present he is returning to St. Petersburg. The Grand
Duke will leave this afternoon at 6 o'clock for New York, and will sail for
Europe on January 4. He has been serving in the navy, because all the male
members of the royal family are required to serve a certain time in
either the army or navy. The Grand Duke's two younger brothers are in
the army and artillery.
The Duke is a tall, well proportioned and athletic looking young man.
He has dark hair and eyes, and wears a small mustache. He is exceed
ingly handsome, and speaks perfect English. He said that he had been una
ble to see much of San Francisco, but thet the little that he had seen had
impressed him most favorably. Regarding the general peace movement of
his royal cousin, the Grand Duke said that he knew no more than any one
else. He was entertained at the Pacific Union Club by the Russian Consul
and in the afternoon he went through the park and to the Cliff House. He
regretted that he could not remain here longer, for he said he was very anx
ious to see something of this wonderful country. The Grand Duke is very
approachable, and has charming manners.
SIX DUELS ARE BEING ARRANGED.
BUDAPEST, Dec. 27.— The quarrel between Baron Banffy, the Hungarian
Premier, and M. Horanszky, member of th« lower chamber of the Hun
garian Diet, is likely to have curious developments. Although, owing
to the inability of their seconds to agree upon the conditions of the
proposed duel, the encounter has been declared off, the affair may lead in
directly to several meetings on th? field of honor. M. Horanszky and his
seconds, having heard that the seconds of Baron Banffy have been ani
. madverting upon the conduct of M. Horanszky, have sent challenges to both.
Baron Banffy's seconds are Baron Fejrvary, Minister of National Defense,
and M. Gajasi of the Chamber of Deputies. As each has received thre"
challenges there are six duels being arranged.
SIAMESE HAVE VIOLATED NEUTRAL TERRITORY.
HANOI, Tonkin. Dec. 27. — The news of the invasion of the neutral zone
In Luang Prabane Province, Siam, by Siamese is exact. M. Macey, the
French Commissioner, made representations on the subject to the man
darins who paid no attention to them and refused to leave the neutral zone.
The reports of acts of aggression by Siamese troops are also confirmed.
There was no one killed or wounded on the French side. The damage was
entirely of a material nature.
WANTED TO SEIZE
THE CAROLINES
Admiral Dewey Was Prevented by a
Cable Order From Secretary
Long.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— A special to the
Herald from Washington says: Had the
war lasted a short time longer it is
thought the United States flag would i.ow
be floating over the Caroline Islands, as
the navy, from the time of Rear Admiral
Dewey's victory, was anxious to take this
group. The islands probably would have
been taken anyhow but for the fact that
Secretary Long, by direction of the Pres
ident, cabled Rear Admiral Dewey for
bidding him to do so.
Officers of the navy still hope that
some way may be found of acquiring
these islands, which, it is believed, Spain
will sell for a reasonable compensation.
They do not want any other nation to ob
tain po*er to establish coaling stations
and naval bases there.
In the meantime the navy is taking
active steps to prevent a recurrence' of
the conditions as to coal supply which
prevailed at the beginning of the war
with Spain. Coal sheds are being erected
at all the navy yards and stations in the
United States not already amply supplied
with shelter for the large quantities of
fuel, for coal is to be sent to Havana,
Santiago, San Ju.in. Honolulu, Guam,
Manila and Pago Pago.
As there is little good steaming coal on
the Pacific it is the intention of the de
partment to supply all Pacific stations
with coal from the Atlantic, which will be
sent around Cape Horn in colliers. Large
supplies will be stored at all the stations,
but San Francisco will he the great coal
base and it is proposed to store there not
less 'than 100.000 tons of the best quality
of steaming coal.
A Rush for Rosenthal.
■There was a rush for seats at the open
ing of the sale for the Rosenthal recitals
at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s yesterday. The
prices. were large, ranging from $3 down,
but the fame of the pianist was sufficient
to' keep the ticket-seller busy from 9 in
the morning until the closing time of the
store. There seems to be an almost
equal demand for the three recitals at
Metropolitan Hall next Tuesday and
Thursday evenings, January 3 and 5, and
Saturday afternoon. January 7.
Regular Meals 25c.
A good lunch, 15c. The Ralston, 783
Market street. •
THE SJTN" FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1898.
CHINESE FIGHT WITH
HATCHETS AND KNIVES
Hatchetmen Battle for Possession of
a Slave Girl at Point San
Pedro.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 27.— The Chinese
fishermen's camp at Point San Pedro was
the scene of a bloody battle between
highbinder factions. for the possession of
a maiden on Sunday evening. Hatchets
and knives were flashed and clubs were
swung with such vigor that two of the
Mongols- were seriously injured and sev
eral badly cut and bruised.
The two most influential Chinese leaders
at Point San Pedro ■ are Wong Suey and
Chin Hoy Yek. About a week ago Yek
bought a girl in San Francisco with the
intention of bringinf her over the next
day. Suey determined to obtain posses
sion of her, and laid a trap for that pur
pose. The following night the girl was
brought over in a fishing smack, closely
guarded by a stalwart hatchetman. The
maiden was taken ashore at a point three
quarters of a mile distant from the camp
and conveyed over the hills.
Near their destination the girl and her
guard were waylaid by Suey. The guard
ran for his life and left the girl to her
fate. She was taken to her captor's hut,
and five or six of the highbinders were
left to gunrd her.
When Chin Hoy Yek heard of the loss
of his slave he proceeded, at the head of
ten men, to the hut and broke in the door.
A furious melee resulted, in which Wong
Suey was so badly cut that he was taken
to the metropolis for treatment. Yek re
ceived several flesh wounds and a follower
named Ah Sing had his scalp laid open
with a club. Others received minor
bruises.
During the turmoil the girl was spirited
away, and her whereabouts is at present
unknown. It is believed Yek took her
back to San Francisco and placed her in
the care of one of his clansmen. Further
trouble is expected.
GROUP OF MINES SOLD.
Transfer of Dividend-Paying Proper
ties Near Grass Valley.
GRASS VALLEY, Dec. 27.— 1t Is au
thoritatively stated here to-day that the
control of the Omaha group of mines has
been purchased by W. B. Bourn. The
group consists of the Omaha, Lone Jack,
Homeward Bound and other locations, all
large producers and dividend paying. The
management will be turned over to
George W. Starr. Large modern Imple
ments will be Installed and operations
prosecuted vigorously. j
MASON WAS
NOT KILLED IN
SELF-DEFENSE
His Slayer Accused of
Murder.
THE BARICOLA MINE TRAGEDY
VICTIM SHOT AS HE BENT
OVER A STOVE.
Cold-Blooded Crime the Result of tho
Christmas Debauch at the
Home of the
Cook.
SixyMal Dispatch to The Call.
ANGELS CAMP, Dec. 27. — The
shooting affray at the Baricola mine,
two and a half miles north of Sheep
Camp, on Christmas night, an account
of which appeared in The Call to-day,
proves to have been a seemingly cold
blooded murder. Nicholas Mason,
commonly known as Nelson, was shot
to death by Thomas Martin, a miner.
Mason had been employed as a cook
at the mine for several years, and
since it ceased operations about two
yearns ago, he had charge of the works
as a watchman, living in the company's
boarding house.
On Christmas day Mason prepared a
small pig for dinner and invited Martin
to dine with him. After dinner Martin
complained that the pork had dis
agreed with him, and this incensed
his host. Martin declares that
Mason became drunk and at
tacked him with a revolver, inflict
ing a wound in the groin and thigh;
TENDER LIVES AT THE
MERCY OF THE WAVES
Three Children Journey Two Thousand Miles in an
Open Boat.
TWENTY days In an open boat, short of provisions and water and with three
small children to care for, the eldest not yet seven, is the trying .experience
that few women have been called upon to go through. Yet Mrs. McDonald,
wife of Captain Henry McDonald of the William H. Starbuck, went through
the ordeal and can now speak of the whole affair as of something very hard
to endure at the time but now happily a thing of the past.
The William H. Starbuck sailed from Port Blakeley October 17 for Delagoa
Bay with 1,025,000 feet of lumber and a quantity of doors and sashes aboard. On
the night of November 5, as told exclusively in The Call, fire was discovered in
the forepeak and four hours later the ship was In a blaze from stem to stern.
The crew left her in three boats. In one was Captain McDonald, his wife and
three children, three seamen and the ship's carpenter. Another contained First
Mate C. McDonald, the cook and five seamen, and the third' Second Mate How
ards, Steward Small and Able Seamen Jones, Cook, Domingo and Smith. In the
boats of the captain and first mate were a chronometer, compass, sextant and
chart each, but there were no navigating instruments in the second mate's boat.
The fourth day away from the wreck the second mate's boat disappeared and
has never been seen from that day to this. Nine days later the first mate's boat
capsized and all the provisions in it were lost and the cook, a Cape Verde Is
lander named Da Costa, drowned. All the other men were rescued by the cap
tain's boat, and in order to make room for them everything that was not abso
lutely necessary to sustain life was thrown overboard.
After twenty days of suffering the survivors reached the coast of Hawaii and
finally landed in Honolulu. From there Captain McDonald and his wife and chil
dren took passage for San Francisco on the bark C. D. Bryant, arriving here
yesterday morning. Mrs. McDonald does not now show any trace of what she
had to go through, while Master Howai*d, aged seven, and Miss Maud, aged
five, say "it was all right" in the open boat. Little Gladys, aged fifteen months,
will never be able to tell of her experience during that terrible time, as she was
shielded from all harm in her mother's sheltering arms.
"The baby, I suppose, will never remember anything about the burning of
the ship, as she was too young, but the other children will never forget it," said
Mrs. McDonald on the C. D. Bryant yesterday. "Howard and Maud stood it
bravely, but of course they did not realize the danger as the older people did.
Two thousand miles from land in an open boat and the quarters so cramped that
they could not move around would soon tell on any one, and yet the children did
not become fretful, nor make trouble. They seemed to realize that there was
nothing to do but accept the situation. They could see nothing but the ocean
around them and the sky overhead, and during the day the glare of the sun re
flected from the water, to which we were so close, burned and scorched until it
was almost unbearable. At night it often rained, and that wet the few blankets
we had and there was always the salt spray stinging the parched skin and add
ing to the torments of thirst which we never dared fully allay for fear of ex
hausting our supply of water. Yet the children never murmured or complained.
"But when we landed they were so tired. It seemed as if all the fatigue and
cramp of those twenty days had been saved up and came upon them the mo
ment all danger was past. They could not get rested and their little bones ached
and their muscles felt as though strained to the snapping point. But that is all
past now, and the little ones are now as well as ever.
"Oh, yc-s, I have often been to sea before. I usually go every other trip with
my husband and have been nearly all over the world, but this was my first ex
perience of a shipwreck, and I hope it will be mv last. The children, too, are
good sailors and nave made several voyages, but, strange to say, both Howard
and I were seasick when we first got into the open boat. I suppose it was be
cause the motion of the boat was so different from that of the ship."
"My boat was the poorest of the three," said Captain McDonald, "but it was
the largest. We suffered a great deal from thirst. We took all the water we
could and had plenty of provisions. The allowance of water was a pint a day at
first, but later it was cut to half a pint. The nearest land was the Gallapagos
Islands, but on our way there we would have had contrary winds. We had plenty
of sail, and I figured on making seventy or eighty miles a day, but we actually
averaged 100 miles. My wife and boy were terribly seasick, and if it had not been
for some wine I had in the boat I really think my wife would have died."
From here Captain McDonald and his family will go to their home in Hobo
ken, N. J; The captain has been twenty-two years at sea, but this was his first
disaster.
but the evidence given at the Coroner's
inquest to-day disproves this story. It
seems that the men had quarreled.
Martin, discovering that he had
dropped his pistol, ran to another part
of the house where Mason's bedroom
was situated and secured Mason's re
volver. He then rushed back and shot
Mason dead.
The evidence all points to Martin's
guilt. His pistol was found fully load
ed after the affair, and a bullet hole in
a stovepipe and another in the side of
the building give evidence that Mason
was killed while attending to the cook
ing. Both of these bullets were found
and fit Mason's pistol, which was found
with three chambers empty.
The Coroner's jury charged Martin
with murder and Sheriff Thorn removed
him to the County Jail to-night. The
evidence gathered by the Sheriff shows
that in all probability the principals
were more or less drunk; that Mason
was shot while in the act of cooking
or attending to some duty around the
stove; that the shots were fired from
his own pistql and from behind and
that Martin's weapon had been dropped
outside the building previously.
Martin's boot shows a bullet mark on
the heel, the ball having almost torn
the heel off. This is accounted for by
the fact that when he and Mason auar
reled he rushed into the adjoining room
and. securing Mason's pistol, thrust it
in the waistband of his clothes and
rushed back. In drawing the weapon
he accidentally discharged it. the bul
let taking effect in his thigh, possibly
lodging there, but more likely continu
ing downward and striking th^ heel of
his boot. Mason was shot in the right
breast and abdomen.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Damon, who
live about a quarter of a mile from the
scene of the murder, testified that they
heard three shots fired at about sun
down. After the first there was an
Interval and then came two In rapid
succession. This, taken with the fact
th.it three chambers of Mason's pistol
were empty, and two bullet wounds
were in the body and one in Martin's,
bear out the story that Martin acci
dentally shot himself first, then shot
Mason twice, killing him in cold blood,
as Mason was defenseless.
Martin had always borne a bad repu
tation and had exhibited a mania for
killing. Mason was generally liked
and respected. Martin had threatened
to kill Will Fair previously on the
same day.
Admiral Sampson Has the Grip.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 27.— Admiral W.
T. Sampson, who arrived here yesterday
from New York, is confined to his room
with a light attack of the grin. His
physicians think he will have recovered
in a few days.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
1
Colored and Black ,
DRESS GOODS.
We will place on sale
this week some Extraordi-
nary Values in Colored and
Black Novelty Dress Goods,
and ask special attention to
the following :
Two
Special
Bargains !
TELiEPHONH GH^-A.NTT 184.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
CYLINDER BURSTS ON
THE BATTLESHIP IOWA
Cause of the Orders Directing the
Vessel to Come to San Fran
cisco.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: I learned to-day the real reason
for sending the battle-ship lowa from
Callao to San Francisco instead of having
her accompany the Oregon and the Iris
direct to Manila, via Honolulu, as was
originally intended. The lowa met with a
serious accident on her way down the At
lantic Coast of South America, when one
of her steam cylinders burst. Although
this happened before she got arounu tn<»
Horn the facr was concealed from the
public unt^l the receipt of private letters
here .1 few c'.iys ago.
The news of the accident was promptly
cablod !<■ the Navy Department rind or
ders were at once issued to the Cramps
to build a new cylinder, where It is to
Bhippetl to i-'an Francisco, where it is to
be put in plr.ee upon the arrival of the
lowa there. Notwithstanding the acci
dent to nor cylinder the lowa wus able
to make the voyage to Callao at a fair
rate of spted.
CHOYNSKI IS DISABLED.
TJnable to Fulfill His Engagement
With Ruhlin.
CHICAGO, Dec. 27.— Joe Choynski, who
was booked for a 20-round bout with
Gus Ruhlin before the Lenox Athletic
Club of New York on January 10, to-day
wired Manager Tom O'Rourke that he
would be unable to fight. Choynski is
said to be suffering with acute blood
poisoning in the right hand and arm, but
his physicians hope to ward off all seri
ous results.
WRECKAGE WASHED ASHORE.
Believed to Have Come From the
Missing Celtic Bard.
VICTORIA, Dec. 27.— Large quantities
of wreckage have been washed ashore
on the west coast of Queen Charlotte Isl
and. The wreckage is thought to have
come from the missing Celtic Bard from
Hongkong.
Two Deaths at Marysville.
MARYSVILLE, Dec. 26.— Two Marys
ville homes have been made sad through
the visitation of the death angel on
Christmas day. At 8 o'clock Sunday morn
ing Gus Berg", a stage owner and knight
of the whip, who plied his vocation for
many years over the roads of Lassen, Sier
ra and Plumas counties, died of heart dis
ease. The second death was that of James
Hagerty, head molder in the Empire
Foundry of this city. On Saturday night
he met with a fall that produced concus
sion of the brain and his death occurred
at 11 o'clock Sunday night. He was a
native of Connecticut and 42 years of age.
Gas Tank Explodes.
FRESNO, Dec. 27.— The large receiving
tank of the Fresno Gas and Electric Light
Company blew up shortly after 7 o'clock
to-night from overcompression. When the
escaping gas came into contact with a
light which hung near by a terrific explo
sion took place, lighting up the surround
ing country for miles. As a result many
of the business houses are in darkness
to-night. No one was hurt and the loss
will not be great.
Fire at San Jacinto.
RIVERSIDE, Dec. 27.— The Meade block
in San Jacinto was totally destroyed by
fire this morning. Mead's grocery store,
Morgan's moat market. E. Meade's im
plement rooms. Gallant's upholstering
establishment and a paint shop were in
the block, and all were burned. Very
little was saved. The origin of the fire
is unknown. The loss will exceed 115,000;
insurance $3000 to $4000.
Santa Claus Gets Scorched.
BUIBTJN, Deo. 27.— Louis Cunningham,
head bookkeeper for Sam Dannenbaum
& Son of Vallejo, was seriously burned
about the head and shoulders yesterday.
Mr. Cunningham was acting Santa Clara
at a Christmas tree held In St. Vincent's
Church. The cotton around his neck
came Into contact with a pas jet. In an
Instant his head was wrapped in flames
100 pieces Silk and Wool
and All-Wool NOVEL-
TY FRENCH and ENG-
LISH DRESS GOODS,
42, 44 and 48 inches
wide.
Price 50c Yard,
Regular value $1.00 and 51.23.
75 pieces BLACK FIG-
URED NOVELTY
DRESS FABRICS,
English manufacture,
goods full 44 inches
wide and a splendid
variety of new de-
signs.
Price $1.25 W-
Worth $1.50 and $175 yard.
Before they could be extinguished Cun
ningham received painful wounds. No
serious results are expected. '
Gardiner Bests Eradley.
WHEELING, W. Va.. Dec. 27.— Oscar
Gardiner secured the decision at the end
of twenty rounds over Frank Bradley of
Philadelphia at the Metropolitan Club.
Bradley played a defense game through
out. Gardner had him all but out in the
twentieth round when the gong saved
him. .
"THE CREDIT HOUSE"
Six Stories High
\H-95 fc
% - ■■"--.■'//. •
issMlllli'^
Mahogany finish parlor
table, with fancy shaped
top and shelf, and curved
legs. Top 24 in. sq ....SL9S
New furnishings for the new year ?
Come in and see how completely we
can fit up the home, be it small or large.
There are seven floors in the main
building, and seven in the annex, stock-
ed full of home comforts.
Selection is easy here.
• Our stock of metal beds is larger
and better than over. All-brass beds
as high as $100. White enamel beds,
with brass trimmings, full size... 52.
Combination bookcase and writing
desk, in quartered oak.' A very useful
piece of furniture $7.50
CARPET DEPARTMENT
Our carpet and rug stock is ready
for all demands of 1899. Better oppor-
tunity to show what we have than ever. .
Come in and see.
Free delivery, Oakland, Alameda. Berkeley
M. FRIEDMAN £ CO.,
233 to 237 Post St.. S. F.
Open evenings Near Stockton
PAINLESS DENTISTRY'
v \v(JF TUP a Full Set of Teeth
/ J^V. - extracting free t ?ooop
■&___a»l*Wter-*^2r Gold Crowns 22k f3s ou P
«r^4s^?Siak. V Filling^ -- - cts. up
Cc Open Evenings ft Sundays
■r^j^K^C^§ VAN VROOM
.■r^Jtzif ijlV^v Electro Dental Parlors
49 fP\ Sixth and Market
' Or. G W. Kletsar, Prop*
RPTTQHI7Q FOR barbers, dak.
JJIIU OlllZiO era bootblack*, bath-
. houses, billiard table*.
Brewere, bookbinders, uaadjr- makers, : noers,
flyers, flourrmlU. foundries, laundries, pap«r>
han s er ». Printer*, painters, sho« factorts*.
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
_ . „ BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento Sk