VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 170.
THE BALDWIN HOTEL BLOCK
ENTIRELY GUTTED BY FIRE
Appalling Conflagration in the
Very Heart of the City.
CAPTAIN A. J. WHITE'S FEARFUL
DEATH.
Many Others Are Believed to Have Per
ished — Wild Scenes of
Panic.
The Baldwin Hotel is a ruin. The most tremendous conflagration that has ever happened in San Francisco burst forth in the Baldwin Hotel shortly j
after 3 o'clock this morning. From the very interior of the building a shaft of fire ascended with tremendous volume, and the sky burst forth into thou- .
sands of f falling sparks. I
Terrified inmates of the hotel rushed from the building and crash after crash was heard as explosives in the theater told the origin of the fire and j
| the imminent danger of those that were within the structure. The flames roared and twisted and mounted scores of feet above the building, and long before t
the firemen were at the scene the building was hopelessly lost. I
The tremendous fire, having its origin in the kit. hen, attacked what is known as the Baldwin annex, and then spread with inconceivable rapidity to- j
ward the Ellis street side of the Baldwin Hotel. In a very few minutes the firemen were at the scene, and on Ellis street they saw the figure of a woman .
outlined against the sky and the seething mass of crimson flames as she sought, almost a hundred feet above the ground, to escape with her life. |
The ladders of the firemen were placed with inconceivable rapidity gainst the side of the building. The shadowy figures of men mounted the ladders.'
The woman who was standing on the very verge of the tremendous fiery furnace was grasped in somebody's arms, while a thousand voices gave vent to aj
tremendous cheer as one life was saved from the building. j
While this incident attracted the attention of thousands on Ellis street glass was crashing, walls were falling, floors were tumbling and the boom of"
each resounding crash told of the crumbling of the great structure on Eddy and Market streets. Men and women were rushing from the building with J
what clothes they could gather and the hasty warning of approaching death and the waters of the engines were plying ineffectually upon the terrible j
furnaces that ate the heart out of the building. •
At fifteen minutes to five o'clock part of the two upper stories of the Baldwin Hotel crashed outward and a tremendous sheet of .flame descended to'
the street. j
The police had warned the thousands that had gathered around the building to retire to Powell street, and no one was injured In the crash. Flames,
burst forth from Powell and Ellis street, and at each moment it seemed as if the great cupola would crumble. I
Th cene as the side wall on the Powell-street ide of the building crashed to t-e ground was magnificent. A myriad of stars spangled into the air, I
and it seemed as if the very heavens were falling in sparks. From adjoining buildings stream after stream was poured upon the burning buildin-- but.
each jet of water seemed to add fury to the flames, and great masses of black smol:e arose to serve only as a background for new Jets of living fire that |
twisted an, turned and licked the superstructure until it crumbled and spread in "littering mas: s of flame on the streets. ■
There has never been in San Francisco a conflagration of such dramatic interest where the lives of so many men and women were involved and where '
so many escaped unscathed from a furnace that raged upward until the very sky itself seemed in flajnes.
It has come at last!
The Baldwin Hotel, which for years
been looked upon as a fire-trap, burst
into flames early this morning, and
is rapidly becoming a mass of charred
and blackened ruins.
It was a few minutes after 3 o'clock
this morning when the alarm came in,
and even as the bell clanged it out the
skies lit up with the flash of the burn- i
ing building. The fire started in the j
kitchen near the well between the hotel \
and theater, and springing upward, it |
was soon leaping high from the roof. J
It spread like the wind and from a
single torch like flare It ran along the
•walls until it was a sheet of flame.
The hotel alarm, a contrivance sup
posed to warn the sleeping guests of
their danger, was rung and rung again, j
but it needed all the assistance a j
score of attendants could give to rouse j
the inmates. They ran screaming up
and down the hall, kicking at rooms j
and yelling to the people to fly.
Within a few minutes the halls in ■
the upper floor were full of smoke, and
Into this the frightened guests plunged
and made for the stairway. Men half ■
dressed dragging Trantic women, j
screaming wives and shouting hus
bands, people bearing burdens of all
kinds and all with staring eye* and j
gaping mouths made for the stairway |
and flung themselves down.
Through the office they rushed, and
out into the street; but the flames fol
lowed them so fast they licked the
skirts of the Hying women and made
the men drop their last bundles in
their rush for safety.
Line 6of ho were hurried up the
Htairs, It the flames soon beat the
firemen back, and then the police
cleared the building, and they fought |
from the outside.
Higher and higher the flames leaped
until they enveloped the cupola on the
corners and hid the sky with their
Binoke — and then in the midst of it all
people began to crawl from the win
dows far up near the roof and scream
frantically for the fire escape.
The crowds groaned, and the men
rhouted and called to one another to
go up and save them, and the flames
reached for their victims until the peo
ple on the street turned their heads
away and waited.
Some women were seen on the Mar
kot-Btreet side, standing in a window
and screeching for help.
They were far above the reach of
ladders, and there seemed no hope un
til a man appeared beside them with
a rop^ and 'arted to let them down to
the firemen Just below him on the
fourth l >or. Five of them he lowered,
and these were all taken in through
The San Francisco Call
j the fourth floor corridors and down the
main stairway.
Then he fastened the rope for himself
; and commenced to descend. He was a
■ heavy man and the rope was small. It
stretched, snapped, and the man
plunged down to the stone sidewalk.
It was a guest of the hotel, A. J. White,
a well-known capitalist of this city.
1 He was dead before they raised him
| from the pavement.
It burned fler ->st toward the Powell
! street side, and coon the police began
Ito clear the strr-t. Then the engines
drew away and pulled the hose as far j
toward the corner as they could.
The wall was falling.
It had not moved, but it was only a
thin slfeet of flame, and as the crowds
stood breathless it began to totter.
It leaned already out toward the
: street, the sound of rending timbers
! rose above the roar of flames and wind
and throbbing engines, and then with
I a mighty crash it threw itself down
j into the street and lay heaped high in
' ruins.
On the Ellis- street side a man was
seen running along the cornice, wav-
I ing his hand to the crowd below and
trying to understand the frantic cries
the people below sent up to him.
He passed the fire-escape again and
! again, but it seemed as if he had com-
I pletely lost his head, and to save him
| Foreman Keogh of Truck 3 started up
the fire-escape, cheered by the crowd
and deluged with sparks and cinders.
But there were more cheers when he
made his way slowly down again with
the* half-crazed man with him.
The building burned from the Inside,
and the brilliant glare lit up the win
dows one by one as it crept downward
until every pane was a blaze of light,
! and every sach was wreathed in smoke.
Down the elevator shaft it came,
and the flames bursting through the
door on the office floor warned the last
loiterer in the office to be grone.
There was no attempt to save the
building after the fire had been fif
teen m' *es in control. It was a case
of saving adjoining property.
The theater was a mass of flare and
roar and leaping flames. In the annex
fire gleamed from every window and J
it seemed as If the whole block, from
Powell to the gore, was doomed.
There were 200 guests in the hotel
and scores of servants. They say they
all were warned and all got out, but
about the servants up on the upper
floor they are not so sure.
Every door accessible was wrecked
by those who ran through the halls, but
the rooms away up there were many,
and the fire raced like a hunted deer, j
so if there were any who did not hear j
tho cry Ood help them. j
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1898.
OUT OF SLEEP
TO FACE DEATH
Men, Women and Children
Join in a Mad Race
For Life.
A few minut after 3 o'clock this
morning fire broke out in the kitchen
| of the Baldwin Hotel on the easterly
end near where the main structure
I joins with the annex and spread with
i such frightful .pidity that the
I splendid structure, erected from the
winnings of the famous race horseman,
is now a mass of seething ruins and
other buildings in the vicinity are
complete wrecks.
The fire was first discovered by occu
pants of the upper floor, but those who
j should have sounded the ala.ro fled like
I frightened sheep, thinking only of their
own safety. In a few moments The
blaze had broken through the roof, and
as the lurid flare lit up the sky the cry
of "Fire, flre," was taken up alon>? the
street. Almost simultaneously an alarm
was sounded by one of the employes,
who fortunately kept his head, and a
wild scene began inside the structure.
Wild employes and wilder guests ran
shrieking through the corridors and
pulled terrified sleepers out of their
beds.
Men, women and children came
crushing and tumbling down the stairs
in mad haste — forgetful of one another
and thinking only of the red-tongued
demon pursuing them down the stairs.
Some were fully dressed — others par
tially dressed— while all attempted to
carry something down in their arms,
and as is the usual case the articles
saved were those which might best
have been left behind.
Outside the howling, jostling mob
only added to the confusion. As soon
as a frightened face would appear at
a window a hundred Jumbled voices
shouted unintelligible instructions,
and the poor occupants of t rooms
Itnew not whither to turn. Meanwhile
the flames were gathering in volume,
and rapidly creeping down the elevator
and air shafts.
The Fire i >epnitir.ent gnon arrived
and two rmie alarms were hurriedly
turned in, bat the red flar* on the sky
told truer than words the doom of the
colossal stru ? - vi p.
Guest 9 were scrambling down flre
escapes and ladders to the accompani
ment of clinking glass and hoarse cries
from the sidewalks, frenzied wives were
searchii for missing husbands, and
fathers and mothers were trembling
over the fate of children 1 ' behind
during the flight.
Thanks to the able efforts of the flre
and police departments chaos was
turned into order and the work of
fighting the flames was soon begun.
WHEN THE FIRE
BROKE OUT
Panic Among the Guests.
Grave Fears That Those
on the Upper Floors
Could Not Escape.
Five minutes after the flre alarm
was given the scene In the office of the
hotel was one pandemonium. For some
reason the lights throughout the great
caravansary were extinguished, leaving
the guests to grope their way through
the long dark corridors and down the
winding stairs.
The result was that men, women and
children came tumbling d nvn into the
office in all conditions of habiliments.
Women, who had succeeded in don
ning their dresses had the strength to
reach the ground floor and then fainted.
Willing hands carried them to places of
safety.
One woman went into wildest hys
terics when she found that her little
boy was not with her. She became
senseless and was temporarily taken
into the barber-shop. A moment later
the child appeared, having been taktm
In charge by one of the guests.
The clerk, notwithstanding the tre
mendous excitement that surrounded
him, lent all the assistance and atten
tion to the police and firemen possible
and hurried messengers throughout the
big building to arouse any guests on
the floors, from the second to the fifth,
who might possibly have not been
awakened by the noise.
He expressed great anxiety for the
safety of people on the fifth floor,
from which the flames first burst. He
thought that the fire and smoke In the
corridors would shut off the escape of
many, and that the only hope lay In
the assistance of the hook and ladder
companies.
When asked where the flre started
he said he had not the remotest idea,
but thought that it must have begun
on the top floor.
A guest who came from the second
floor with an armful of clothes and two
hats on his head said that it started
in the parlors of the second floor and
from there spread until it reached the
elevator, where a fierce draft carried
the flames to the inflammable upper
story.
This cut off all possible escape for
guests by the elevators and at the same
time gave the flre a tremendous start.
Some of the people on the first floor
succeedc " in saving their trunks and
carried them to the 'doorways on the
opposite side of Market street, where
men, women and children were tempo
rarily camped until they gathered their
wits Buflficientl; to seek shelter else
where.
DROPPED FROM
THE THIRD STORY
A. J. White Falls to a
Horrible Death on the
Pavement.
The first fatality know to have oc
curred was the horrible death of a
wealthy, retired dry goods merchant
named A. J. White, who had his apart
ments on the fifth floor of the hotel on
the Market street side.
White it was who heroically liberated
the three young: women who were
penned in the cupola.
When he sought to make his own es
cape he founc. the egress below the
fifth floor cut off by the flames, and in
a last endeavor he sought the life rope
that dangled from the hall win
dows.
He reached the third floor and there,
while he dangled in midair, the thin
rope parted and he fell with a horrid
thud to the sidewalk. He was dead be
fore the firemen could pick him up.
The women whose lives White died
to save were Miss G. Johnson and Miss
K. Richardson, For fully half an hour
the women stood on the cornice of the
cupola while the flames and smoke
curled about them.
Just without their reach was the too
short ladder which truck 1 had raised
in the hope of saving them. Their wild
shrieks for help were drowned out by
the noise of the pumping engines, but
their frantic gestures expressed to the
anxious crowd the agony they were
undergoing.
Several times they seemed about to
jump in their frenzy, and at each mo
tion indicating that they were about to
leap to the ground, firei. 1 and spec
tators would lift their voices in cries of
warning and promise of help soon to
come.
A rope was finally secured. Brave
Mr. White volunteered to perform the
dangerous task of rescue and succeed
ed In his attempt, but paid for his brav
ery with his life.
Mr. and Mrs. Wagner had rooms on
the fifth floor on the Ellis-street side.
When they heard the alarm of flre
they sought to escape by the stairway,
but found their way barred by flames.
They found their way through the
smoke to a window, and from there
were rescued by means of a rope.
Frank Noon, a well-known man
about town, made his way to the sec
ond story and being unable to go far
ther, jumped from a window. He was
seriously bruised, but his injuries are
not dangerous.
White was formally employed by
Keane Bros., the old dry goods firm on
Kearny street. He was a trusted head
of a large department and remained
with the firm for a number of years.
He afterward started a business in his
own name opposite the house of his
former employers. This was in about
1885. He retired from business about
six years ago, and since that time he
has lived In ease, drawing upon the
fortune which his business netted him.
He is characterized as a man who
never felt a fear and on one occasion
before performed a service in which he
took his life in his o .*n hands. His
disposition was gentle and he pos
sessed all the traits which constitute
the true man. The courage and brav
ery displayed this morning is only proof
of his nobility.
NARROW ESCAPE
OF SOME GUESTS
Well-Known People Who
Were Almost Suffo
cated by the
Flames.
In the southwest corner of the fifth
floor, the servants' apartments, a dozen
men and women huddled together at
the windows, striving to keep away
from the suffocating smoke in a des
perate effort to preserve life for a few
moments longer, although there seemed
no hope of escape. There was no flre
escape within reach and the longest
ladders were too short by far.
Tom Walton, captain of Engine 6,
valiantly climbed up and by means of
a rope rescued all he could see, but the
chances are that several sank to the
floor from exhaustion before their res
cue could be effected.
C. R. Sabin lay sick on the top floor
and was carried down by E. A. Mona
han.
D. Weiler, a traveling man, who was
in room 444, escaped in his night
clothes, and Major Whitmore of the
Sixth California, who was in room 424,
also had a narrow escape.
Henry Frolich, a bookmaker at the
racetrack, and his wife, who were In
room 208 on the third floor, were driven
from their bed by the fierce burst of
smoke and flames. Escape by the hall
way was impossible and they jumped
from their window to a balcony sev
eral feet below and climbed down the
fire escape.
Sandy McNaughton, the well-known
horseman, occupied rooms 69 an 3 70 of
the annex. He escaped in his night- j
clothes just as the ceiling fell in and
loses $3000 worth of property.
* r . "\V. Freeman, manager of the Gay
Coney Islai.d Company, had a narrow
escape from room 210. He says that
Toma Hanlon, the leading lady. occu
pied a room on the top floor, and he
fears she is lost. It was afterward
learned that she had escaped.
BALDWIN AND
KOWALSKY SAFE
They Were Dragged Half-
Stupefied From Their
Rooms.
Colonel Kowalsky was asleep in his
rooms and was with great difficulty
awakened. His door was locked and
the rescuers were obliged to break it
in. He was found in his bed breath
ing heavily and half stupefied, but
soon revived when brought to the air.
All the splendid paintings and costly
furniture and hangings of his rooms
are a total loss.
"Lucky" Baldwin also had a narrow
escape from perishing with his splen
did building. Amid all the din he slept
peacefully until his room was broken
into and he was drapsred from his bed.
Truly his "luck" was with him then,
as few of the inmates were thoughtful
enough to smash in a door for the re
li f fa fellow occupant.
PANIC REIGNED
IN THE VICINITY
Denizens of Adjacent Lodg
ing Houses Rushed to
the Streets in
Deshabille.
The entire scene about the streets
surrounding the hotel was something
never seen In San Francisco before.
Ellis street, from Powell to Stockton,
was visited by a shower of living fire
I with chunks of burnt wood which had
been carried skyward by the force of
the flames until thrown back to the
earth, striking the pavements and
spreading out in a mass of fire, until
the street looked as if it had been
paved with bricks of flre.
When the electric lights went out
in the hotel the confusion became a
panic. Guests ran through the hall
ways, running against each other,
sometimes throwing the weaker body
down and invariably walking over the
prostrate forrr
Police officers could be seen running
along the streets carrying valises and
bundles which had been thrown from
the windows by half-crazed guests, who
had evidently despaired ft saving their
effects.
From the numerous lodging houses
in the tenderloin about the hotel
women rushed out on the sidewalk In
anything but street promenading cos
tume.
GALLANT DEED
OF A TRUCKMAN
One Guest Prepared to Cut
His Throat to Avoid
Incineration.
One of the most thrilling incidents of
the catastrophe was the extremely nar
row escape of A. H. Christie, one of the
! guests of the hotel, from th? horrible
fate of being incinerated while in the
full flush of health.
For fully fifteen minutes, in full
view of the terror-stricken multi
tude down below, on Eddy street, he
i crawled, or ther dragged h.mself,
hither and thither along the edge of the
| roof of the hds elry, in a vain effort to
! find some avenue of safety to the
thoroughfare, eighty feet beneath.
During all thiß time futile shouting
was being done by nearly every one
who was a witness to the scene. He
I was on the Ellis street side, about
i twenty feet from the corner of Powell.
Just below, but with its highest point
at least fifteen feet beyond his reach,
was a fire escape ladder. Firemen
scaled this and endeavored to throw
him a rope's end, but without even a
faint approach to success.
After a quarter of an hour had been
thus spent, E. H. Kehoe of Truck No.
3 thought of the fire escape near the
eastern end of the structure, also on
the Ellis-street side.
He rapidly ran to the top of it, which
was within a foot or two of the roof,
ran westward along the roof, took hold
of Christie and led him back to the fire
escape and *to safety, amid the cheers
of the throng of spectators.
While in his precarious perch,
threatened momentarily by death In
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
the fiery caldron that was seething and
roaring Just a few feet below him,
Christie made a thrilling picture,
silhouetted against the flames and wild
ly and pleadingly waving his hands to
those below.
Of death in the abstract he had no
fear, but he declared that he had de
termined to escape the torture of. being
burned to death.
"That fifteen minutes on the edge of
that roof were the longest I or any oth
er man ever lived," he remarked, when
interviewed after his rescue. "I gave
myself up for lost several times. Once
or twice I was nearly overcome by the
smoke. I had an open razor in my
hand, which I had the precaution to
take when I was driven out of my
room by the smoke."
"What did you expect to do with the
razor?" he was asked.
"What do you support? To finish my
self, of course. If I saw that I was a
goner. You don't think that I wanted
to be roasted in the furnace."
He added that he had occupied room
514 on the fifth floor of the hotel.
He was awakened by the Bmoke pour
ing into his apartment. All the ordi
nary avenues of escape were then cut
off, so he made his way to the roof,
with the result described.
He is a traveler for the Milwaukee
firm of Abel & Bach,, manufacturers
of trunks and valises. .«_.
FIRED THREE
SHOTS AT THEM
Bold Thieves Attempt to
Get Away With a Val
uable Trunk.
During: the progress of the fire three
thieves entered the hotel and stole a
trunk containing considerable jewelry
and wearing apparel. They succeeded
in passing the police line and started
up Powell street. On reaching O'Far
rell street the desperate thieves stopped
as If exhuasted from their heavy load.
Special Officer Judge happened along
at this juncture, and suspecting that
the men had stolen the trunk, awaited
developments.
In a few minutes they again picked
up the trunk and hurriedly walked up
O'Farrell street.
Judge lost no time In notifying Po
liceman Harry Hook, who was stand
ing at Ellis and Powell streets, and to
gether they started after the thieves.
As they ran up O'Farrell street they
saw the men engaged in breaking open
the trunk.
Catching a glimpse of Hook th»
thieves ran away. Hook, who is one
of the crack shots of the department,
called upon them to stop, and as they
paid no heed to his command, he drew
his pistol and fired three shots at them.
One of the men was seen to stagger
and it is believed that Hook succeeded
in winging him.
The officer being anxi >us to return to
the scene of the disastrous fire did not
pursue the thieves, evidently satisfied
to recover the stolen trunk.
Subsequently it was conveyed to the
Golden West Hotel, where it will be
held until the owner calls for it. The
owner is an agent for an Eastern jew
elry house, and it is said that the
trunk contains a miscellaneous assort
ment of diamonds and jewelry.
The thieves were evidently aware of
this fact, and in the excitement due
to the fire managed to get away with
the trunk.
A CHAMBERMAID
BELIEVED LOST
Fire Marshal Towe Hit by
a Falling Cornice on
Market Street.
Sadie Hart, a chambermaid, has not
been seen since she went to bed early
In the evening, and is believed to be
lost.
Miss Herrold and Mrs. Sharpe who
occupied rooms on the first floor were
carried out unconscious and taken to
the Lion Pharmacy.
A young lad" and intimate friend of
Baldwin's was also rescued in a faint
ing condition from a first floor room.
Shortly after 5 o'clock a cornice fell
and struck Fire Marshal Towe on the
head, knocking him down in front of
Engine 1 which was lumbering ud the
street. The extent of his Injuries in not
known.
NO INSURANCE
ON BUILDING
At 5 o'clock the walls were tottering
and the policemen were ineffectually
struggling to keep the crowd back.
"Lucky" Baldwin was racing around
like a madman trying to find some one
who would go into his room and bring
out something— what it was he would
not statt — but a negro servant Is au
thority for the statement that it was a
set of gold mounted harness valued at
$7000.
There Is no insurance on the building
and the Hibernia Savings and Loan So
ciety holds a lien of 1900,000 on the
ground.2
SHARKEY GETS
DECISION IN THE
NINTH ROUND
S MAR KEY
Referee J^elly, Scerjting Fraud, Declares £JII Bets
Off--Sailor Has the Better of the Figbt
prom Start to Finish.
NEW YORK, Nov. 22. — "Sharkey wins; referee declares all bets off.'*
That was the startling announcement made to-night in the Lenox Athletic Club..
where more than $50,000 was spent by the public to see a twenty-round fight between
lames J. Corbett and Thomas J. Sharkey. Nearly 10,000 persons who heard the decision
groaned and hissed, raged and fumed, called the men in the ring hard names and then
went, swearing, out into the rain.
Corbett lost because Con McYey, his sparring partner, who was one of his seconds, entered
the ring about the middle of the ninth round, when the fighters were hugging each other in a
clinch. Policemen and others tried to stop him. The crowd saw him climbing desperately
through the ropes, screamed '"Foul!" and demanded that he desist. He went on, exclaiming to
"'Honest John Kelly, the referee:
"Why don't you get them apart?"
Corbett saw him after a second and knew that his fight was gone. His temper got to fever
heat in a trice and in the clinch he struck Sharkey again and again, and Kelly had a difficult job to
get the men away from each other.
Referee Kelly told The Call correspondent later that he believed in his heart that the inter
ruption was a prearranged affair in Corbett's corner, and the reason he declared bets off was that he
could not stand by and see the public robbed.
Meanwhile thousands of throats were bellowing out denunciations. More than a thousand
shouted "Fake!" and fully as many yelled that Corbett was growing weak and could not win, and
was saved the humiliation of a knockout by the unwarranted action of McVey, who has been in and
around the prize ring for years, and know r s that a second who enters the ring during a fight loses
the battle for his principal.
Corbett was not his old self in any of
the rounds, and a half dozen times his
tottering knees, heaving chest, half
power blows and feeble swings led the
crowd to believe that the beginning of
his end was near. He rallied as many
times as these signs were seen, but not
to the full strength of the days when
he won his championship.
From the time when the men shook
hands and the impatient thousands
cried "Fight!" Sharkey proved himself
a surprise. "When he stripped to his
breech clout there was a burst of ap
plause in admiration of his splendid
muscles. But still he looked heavy,
lumbering, slow, but the same hard
hitting fighter that people here found
him before. In contrast with Corbett,
sitting smiling in the opposite comer,
lithe and o:newy, he looked as does a
bull in the presence of a leopard. If he
could hit he might win.
That was the opinion of three-quar
ters of the spectators. Even those wh
had their money on the sailor counte.
on that one piledriving blow to win. I:
Sharkey could hit Corbett once, they
said, ne could get at him again and
drive him to sleep with muscle. Shar
key did hit Corbett that onee — a fright
tui blow, near the spot made famous b;
Fitzsimmons. Then he hit Corbet
again and again. He had science, too
the very thing the least of which w i,
expected. And, stranger still, his au
vancement in the knowledge of how t<
use his fists, both for protection an>.:
aggression, was so great that even Cor
bett did not show himself his superio:
in skill.
Sharkey was not so quick on his feet
as was the former champion, but he
stood in close at every opportunity,
took what little punishment was lightly
given him and replied with sledge
hammer force.
Corbett's ring tactics for a while were
his old ones— hit and get away — but the
sailor was determined on close quarters
and insisted on having them. He tried
jabbing for a time to worry Sharkey
into a rage that might mean a foul, but
Sharkey's temper was under curb and
ADVEBTISEMIINTS.
Attractive I
Royal Bavarian China
Assorted rustic scenes on
pale, heliotrope background.
Graceful shapes
Bread Butter, Tea and
Cake Plates, Salad
Dishes, Comports, and
all the new things out
Elaborate decorations
Effective prices
Great America Impoit'gTea Co.
861 Market, op. Powell 705 Larlcin St.
140 Sixth St. 1419 Polk St.,
218 Third St. 1819 Devisadero St.
500 kearny St. 2008 Fillmore St.
140 Ninth St. 321 Montgomery Ay.
2510 Mission St. 1190 Kentucky St.
8006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
355 Uayes St. 32 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES:
!053WashingtonSt. 131 San Pablo Arc.
917 Broadway. 616 E Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St.
. AI.AMEDA- 1355 Park Si;
SAN RAFAEL— 8 St.. near Fourth.
Write for Catalogue.
4
ONE OF THE
SECONDS
OF CORBETT
INTERFERES !
TO SAVE HIS
MAN
FROM DEFEAT.
for each worrying jab he took forceful i
revenge. He sent Corbett to the floor
early in the second round, met him
when he arose with terrible punish- j
ment that made his thin, muscular loets
quake, and had him dizzy when the |
gong sounded a rescue.
Around the ring there were shouts of j
triumph and disgust. Staid lawyers
who had money on Corbett at 100 to 80 ;
groaned in disgust. There were physi
dans there, business men and profes- |
sional men, politicians and men about j
town. They all thought Corbett's star I
was setting for to-night, but it was not.
It had gone behind a cloud. Corbett
danced up at the sound of the beil and
Pharkey went at him like a bull, but a
trained one. He landed hard. Corbett
dragged up all the strength he could
Scene in Front of The Call Building When "Sharkey Wins" Was Shown on the Bulletin Beard.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1893.
CORBETT-
muster, but a second blow made him
totter, and again it looked as if Shar
key might finish him soon.
"Hit him low," cried Tom O'Rourke,
manager of the club, who was one of
Sharkey's handlers.
This advice coming from the man
ager of the club, who would not tolerate
such action in anybody else, angered
a Corbett sympathizer in the crowd. He
offered to b:t O'Rourke $1000 and there
by caused him to be si'ent.
In the fourt' 1 round Sharkey's new
science came splendidly into evidence,
and the bettors on Corbett saw thou
sands of dollars getting away from
them. From then to the end Corbett
rallied somewhat, but an . of his blows
were weak until the seventh round,
when he got in some good ones and
DESCRIPTION OF THE
FIGHT BY ROUNDS
"EW YORK, Nov. 22. — The technical story of the Corbett Shar
key fight by rounds follows:
SHARKEY THE AGGRESSOR.
ROUND I—The1 — The men fiddled for several seconds and Jim made a
left lead for the head. Tom responded with left and right in the
same spot. Corbett led again. Tom responded with a left swing for
the head, which landed. Sharkey ripped in left and right for the
body, with some effect. He kept forcing Jim into the various cor
ners, punching with right and left on the body, which seemed to be
his objective point. Jim feinted and tried to draw his man on. Shar
key was always ready with his left jab and right swing, which in
variably landed on the body. Corbett failed to show any of the great
cleverness with which he has been credited. The round ended with
Sharkey at his man.
SAILOR FLOORS H*S MAN.
ROUND 2 — Corbett with the left landed lightly. Then there was
an exchange of lefts and rights on the head in which Sharkey had
the advantage. Jim kept trying to push his left into Tom's face and
the sailor would come right back with a swing for the body. Tom
was inclined to be a trifle wild, and was frequently cautioned by
O'Rourke, his chief second. Tom put out a straight right on Jim's
nose, which seemed to bring the blood to that member. Sharkey put
In a right-hand smash on the jaw which sent Corbett down. He at
tempted to repeat the dose, but was foiled, £• Jim clinched. The
round closed with Tom all pver his man.
SHARKEY COUNTERS WELL.
ROUND 3— Corbett led with his right for the body, landing.
Sharkey responded in klnJ. Jim reached the body several times, but
Tom came right back with lefts for the head. A right on the body
staggered him. Sharkey whipped over a tremendous right-hand
smash on the jaw. The sailor's leads were Ineffective, his counters
being the blows which cut the figure. Corbett kept jabfbing lightly
for the head and Sharkey came right back at him with right-hand
smashes on the wind.
CORBETT LONDS A FEW.
ROUND 4 — The sailor was right after his mar. and es: -.yed lefts
and rights for the head, landing each time. Corbett clinched and
acted entirely on the defensive. Corbett led left for the head, land
ing on the neck, and Sharkey sent back a hard right on the body.
Corbett began then to do some punching and jabbed his man at will,
but at long range, but Tom always had a counter ready. Corbett
repeatedly led his left and damaged Sharkey * face considerably.
The sailor chased his opponent into the latter's corner and received
a series of jabs for his action.
JIM'S BLOWS LfICK STEfIM.
ROUND s— Corbett started right off with a left jab on the face
and was apparently attempting to fool with his man. Sharkey, h)\v
ever, was not in a playful mood and brought his right hand over with
force enough to make Jim wince. Jim hooked his left rather low
on Tom's brdy and lifted Sharkey off his feet with his shoulder.
Corbett appeared to be a trifle weary and his blows lacked steam,
vhereas there was a %\ -Tld of force behind Sharkey's blows.
FIGHTING AT CLOSE RANGE.
ROUND 6 — Corbett reached the head with his left, but Sharkey
was right after him like a whirlwind. Tom started In to mix it up
and whipped in some corkers on the body. Corbett retaliated with
like light jabs on the face and fairly forceful blows on the body.
Midway through the round there was a rattling mix-up, both ex
changing lefts and rights on the head and body, with the sailor
having a shade the better of it. There were cries of "Foul, foul,"
when Corbett hit his man in a breakaway which the referee had
not called. The men were clinched at the bell, after participating
in a very fast mix-up.
TOM DOES ALL THE LANDING.
ROUND 7 — Sharkey ran across the ring and planted left and
right on the head, Corbett clinching. Corbett acted on the defens
ive and seemed unable to withstand Sharkey's rushes. The latter
wW In a beautiful left hook on the wind and followed It up
with a right on the jaw. The sailor kept doing all the work and
was always ready *to mix It up on the slightest provocation. He al
ternately^ threw over left and right' on head and body, occasionally
changlng to left hooks on the wind, which were slowly but surely
attending to Corbett'3 case. It was Sharkey's fight so far. The pace
was terrific. T
SHARKEY DAZED BY A BLOW.
ROUND B—Sharkey8 — Sharkey was first to lead, landing a left chop on the
neck. They clinched frequently and the referee vas kept busy sepa
rating them. Tom tried a left chop blow whicl. fell short and Jim
jabbed his left hard on the nose. Sharkey sent a right straight on
the face, which made Jim's head rock, but Jim was ready with a
left hoik, which grazed Sharkey's face. Both men fought fast,
clinching repeatedly. Jim hooked his right hard on Tom's jaw, half
dazing him. He quickly recuperated and went back at his man
hami »»r and tongs.
McVEY'S PREMEDITATED f?CT.
ROUND 9 — Corbett landed with his left. Ton. went right back
at the same moment Clinches were frequent and the men refused to
break together. Corbett then struck Tom rather low on the body
and the sailor appealed to the referee. Corbett shoved Tom from
him and said: "Oh, you go away." The men were In the center
of the ring mixing it up In the liveliest manner, O'Rourke calling to
Tom not to mind Corbett's low hitting.
Just at this moment, for some unaccountable reason, McVey, one
of Corbett's seconds, jumped through the ropes, protesting that Shar
key had done something wrong to Corbett. The moment McVey
climbed through the ropes Inspector McLaughlin grabbed hold of
him, while he crowd frantically yelled:
"Foul, foul!"
"Crbett loses! Look at his second in the ring!"
Referee Kelly seemed to pay no attention to the matter, but kept
looking at th^ fighters, who continued their aggressive work. Mc-
Vey tried to pull away from the inspector, while the spectators kept
yelling at the referee, who finally separated the fighters and ordered
them to their corners. Corbett seemed not to understand why the
referee should interfere and protested, but Kelly was obdurate and
stopped It.
Meanwhile the spectators stood up and yelled that bets should
be declared off, as they believed McVey committed a breach of ring
rules premeditatedly. It looked for a while as if a riot would ensue,
but as soon as the referee declared Sharkey the winner on the tech
nicality he announced all bets off, as McVey's action was undoubt
edly prea; anged. As soon as this announcement was made the spec
tators resumed their seats and awaited the departure of the men from
the ring.
SHARKEY WILLING TO
FIGHT HIM AGAIN
NEW YORK. N°tf- 22.— SharRey, who was as
happy as a schoolboy after his victory, said :
'' 1 .could have goQe on for a hundred rounds, and
was just commencing to get to myself when that
fellow caused the fight to be stopped. Of course I
won, but I would rather it had been on other than
technical grounds, fit that time I would have at
tended to Corbett's case, as his blows had not steam
enough to feaze me. Yes, I'll meet him again at any
time or place, and now stand reody to do battle for
world's champioQship honors, which are all n)ine, in
the heavyweight class .at least.",.
"HONEST JOHN" KELLY,
Referee of the SharKey-Corbett Fight.
CORBETT SAYS HE
WOULD HAVE WON
NEW YORK, Nov. 22.— Corbett has this
to say regarding his defeat:
"If that unfortunate action of McVey j
had not brought on defeat I would surely
have won. Before commencing what
proved to be the last round I remarked
to Charlie White that I was all right and
in decidedly good fettle, ready and willing
to go a long journey. The sailor could not
whip me in a week."
made Sharkey's great bulk shiver. Clinch
after clinch came in the eighth and
ninth, and at last the one that was the
indirect cause of Corbett's loss.
When McVey got into the ring pande
monium biuke loose, and whether there
was or was not a foul to cause his ac
tion, foul followed foul thereafter. Mc-
Vey was dragged out by Inspector Mc-
Laughlin.
"Put-up job!" yelled the chorus at the
ringside.
"Fake!" came the reply from another
crowd.
"He did it to save Corbett!" was an
other shout.
Then when the referee declared that
all be .3 were off there was a bedlam
of fierce epithets: hisses drowned the
voice of the official announcer. The
crowd seemed unable to move for won
der at the way Mo.Vey, himself a fight
er, had acted. At last 'hiy pulled them
selves together and began moving
noisily to the street. Men from San
Francisco jammed against Chicagoans
and helped them out with a vocabulary
of swear words. Men from Vermont
and Louisiana compared noisy notes
with Canadians and New York club
members, but r.bove the general din on
the way to the street the words "Fake"
and "Put-up Job" were heard above all
others.
The crowd was splendidly handled.
Chief of Police Devery himself was
there in command and Inspector Mc-
Laughlin helped him. Everybody was
seated quickly. The order was perfect,
even when the great strain came at the
end. In the streets thousands were
moved along quickly. They were so
anf-v at the ending of what might
have been a great battle that they hur
riedly quit the scene of the fiasco.
One of the humorous aspects of the
affair was the appearance of "Kid" Mc-
Coy, who had passed the doors dis
guised as a typical Westerner, with
long black beard and mustache, black
fedora hat and dark suit. He looked
the part of a bearded minister and at
tracted so much attention after he was
seated that the spectators almost guyed
him, until his little brown eyes showed
that he was not what he seemed, and
at last the secret was out that it was
"Kid" McCoy, whom Tom O'Rourke had
forbidden the courtesies of the club.
He occupied a box with some friends at
the ringside. He was not long seated
before the management of the club was
notified and a few special officers were
sent to request him to leave the house
peacefully and have his money return
ed. He had paid for a ticket. While
he was marching through the aisles
in advance of the officers there were a
few comments, but not many, as the
assemblage was more interested in the
contest that was going on than in Mc-
Coy, who acted very gentlemanly and
retired gracefully.
John Kelly gave his reasons for de
claring bets off as follows:
"There was no other course left open
for me. McVey has been seconding
[ (Continued on Tenth Page.)
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OUR
WINDOWS!
Window advertising is good, but It
must be honest to make it effective.
What you see in our windows you'll
find in the store at the same price, or
if out you can take the last piece from
the window. Only an item or two can
be shown at one time in the windows.
Better call or send for bargain lists.
Thanksgiving Delicacies.
See th^se In right-hand window. Roast
rig. Roast Chicken. Roast Duck. Fln«
things for fine trade at little prices. Com*
when you want things good and cheap.
CRANBERRIES Ifc
Sot how cheap, but how good, for holi-
day time. Try ours and compare.
CLEVELAND BAKING POWDER... Ifc
This is the genuine J-blt can everywhere.
Party bought too heavily and failed. We
close It or other good grades this week at
10c. 150 per cent saved.
WALNUTS..... 77T 5c
These are new, but small. What elsa
could we expect in a dry year like this?
ROLLED OATS, Eastern, If lbs. . .25c
Nothing we can think of Is better or
cheaper than this for family use.
BLANKETS ... .777 50c sp
You should call on us for blankets. Now
is the time to buy them. We stocked up
with heavy Marysvllle blankets before the
rise in wool and are able to undersell the
mill to-day. Lifetime wear, you know, in
this make.
GINGHAMS TO DAY 3) yds $1.09
Best strong wear in this goods ever of-
fered for the money. 3c a yard (about) for
shirting or apron gingham.
Store open until 6:30 this evening, until
8 o'clock on Saturday. Order as early as
possible to-day. Busy times at our house.
SMITHS
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St., S-F.PROFESSOR C. F. HOLDER'S PLOT TO RUIN
THE REPUTATION OF AL GERBERDING
The Editor Schemed an Alliance Be
tween the McDonalds and the
Railroad.
How One Tool of the Dishonest Bankers At
tacked a Man's Honor to Control the
Bank Commissioners.
Among the many men who surround
ed the McDonalds during the history of
the Pacific Bank and the People's
Home Savings Bank there were few
who so jeopardized their reputations by
their letters as did Professor C. F.
Holder, who occupied only the position
of editor of the Californian Illustrated
Magazine as far as the public had any
opportunity of judging. Professor
Holder, however, was not only the edi
tor of that magazine, but he was one
of the most trusted and one of the most
serviceable employes of the McDonalds
in many a shady transaction.
Professor Holder took upon himself
the duty of silencing any adverse criti
cism that might be attempted in the
daily papers of this city and of Oak
land. He concocted an elaborate
Bcheme by which Dick McDonald might
form an alliance with the Southern Pa.
cific Company either for political or j
financial purposes or for both. Profess- \
or Holder knew of Dick McDonald's
ambition to become Governor of the
State, and with a hope of pleasing his
master the professor did everything in
his power to advance ihat ambition
toward realization.
Professor Holder also knew that the
McDonalds were in deadly dread of the
interference of ex-Bank Commissioner
A. Gerberding. Gerberding was alto
gether too watchful to please the Mc-
Donalds, and his demand that the Pa- !
cific Bank and the People's Home Sav
ings Bank be placed in a solvent condi
tion gave birth to a plot to retire him
from his position as Bank Commission
er. As one of the conspirator? in this
plot Professor Holder went to Los An
geles to interview Governor Markham
and to ask him if he would retire Ger
berding in January, 1593. Governor
Markham, who was then the chief ex
ecutive of the State, declined to accede
to Holder's demands, and Holder sug
gested to Dick McDonald that they
concoct some scheme by which they
could ruin the reputation of Gerber
ding and, through attacks upon his
character, deprive him of his office, j
Holder suggested In this scheme that
the influence of Dan Burns might be
obtained. These facts are proved in
the handwriting of Professor Holder
himself. This man, who posed as the
dupe rather than as a confederate of
the McDonalds, went farther than most
of the other conspirators in his efforts
to assist his master. His letters are of
exceptional interest.
The Call also publishes this morning
some of the letters of O. T. Dyer, who
was manager of the defunct bank of
Riverside. In these letters Dyer makes
it very clear that there was a dishonest
understanding between TV. H. H. Hart,
who was then Attorney General, and
the Riverside Bank, the agreement be
ing made in the interest of the Pacific
Bank.
An outline of the letters of E. A. Da
vis and R. J. Davis is also given this
morning to illustrate how these men,
as agents of the McDonalds, operated
in their service.
PROFESSOR C. F. HOLDER IN A DU
BIOUS DOUBLE LIGHT.
Professor C. F. Holder is, therefore,
another of the agents of the Mc-
Donalds who is revealed in the se
cret history of the Pacific Bank
in a dubious light. Professor
Holder was the guiding spirit of the
Californian Illustrated Magazine, which
cost the depositors of the People's
Bank and the Pacific Bank something
over $60,000. The publication was
founded by Dick McDonald to gratify
his absurd egotism and to advance and
if possible satisfy his political ambi
tion. Dick had an insatiable desire to
be in the public mind.
It was his weakness to pnse when
ever and wherever he could, and the
Californian Illustrated Magazine be
came one of the instruments for this
posing. Professor Holder was chosen
as the editor and practical manager of
the concern. He had a score of women
for his assistants and was supposed to
present Dick in every possible position
that appealed to the young banker's
vanity. Dick's picture Illuminated the
pages of the magazine whenever an op
portunity could be found to use it.
Long articles signed by the young bank
er and written by impecunious literary
hacks filled the pages of the paper. Pro
fesor Holder guided the destinies of this
concern and enjoyed the admiration of
a select coterie of literary enthusiasts.
He was supposed to be acting solely In
the capacity of an editor, but his du
ties as a matter of fact were far more
complex and very much more question
able. Professor Holder used the Cali
fornian Illustrated Magazine to boom
the localities and the schemes in which
the Pacific Bank was interested either
as an investor or a speculator.
• THE PROFESSOR UNDERTAKES TO SI
LENCE ADVERSE CRITICISM IN
THE NEWSPAPERS.
In fulfillment of his editorial duty
Professor Holder undertook the task of
silencing any adverse criticism that
might have been threatened by the
daily newspapers. Professor Holder
volunteered to pave the way for a
meeting between William H. Mills and
tJje Huntingtons and Dick McDonald.
This meeting the ingenuous and unso
phisticated professor declares would be
a preliminary step for a combination
between the McDonalds and the South
ern Pacific Company, in which the rail
road could be worked either politically
or financially to the advantage of the
McDonalds. Such letters as this
reveal Professor Holder in a new light
and perhaps may suggest a meaning
for his enormous note for $135,000. The
. professor was quite as valuable in his
j efforts to help Dick secure control of
I the local School Department and use it
i as a lever with which to move the Gov
ernor's chair. As an illustration of his
| influence with certain daily newspa-
p ers of this city and of Oakland Pro
fessor Holder on August 16, 1893, wrote
to his employer, R. H. McDonald Jr.,
as follows:
My Dear Sir: I visited the evening
papers— Post. Report and Bulletin—
and each promised to say nothing. I
will attend to the morning papers this
a. m., and have a good notice, if any
thing. I telephoned to the Oakland
Enquirer, and the editor regrets the
publication. Will take It back this
p. m. In answer to my demand for his
authority for the statement he said It
was the young man who represented
you in Oakland. Very truly yours,
C. F. HOLDER.
PLANNING A POLITICAL AND FINAN
CIAL ALLIANCE WITH THE
RAILROAD.
On September 5, 1892. Professor Hold
er wrote a very important letter in ref
erence to Collis P. Huntington, William
H. Mills and Southern Pacific interests.
The professor was emphatically of the
opinion that it would be wise for Dick
McDonald to secure the services of his
friend, Sheldon, of Los Angeles, and
make him a figurehead for a weekly
paper, the publication of which Dick
; had then under consideration. Holder
i made this suggestion with a belief that
| Sheldon was closely in touch with the
railroad officials, particularly W. H.
; Mills, and could be used as an instru-
I ment to bring about an alliance be
j tween the McDonalds and the railroad
people. Professor Holder's letter is a
significant document and shows the
public how very learned men sometimes
have time enough to familiarize them
selves with the devious paths of diplo
macy.
In opening this important letter Pro
fessor Holder was unlike a majority of
the men who surrounded the McDon
| aids. The learned man modestly re
quested X>ick to give him an extension
of time on his note. The letter is as
follows:
Sept. 6. 1892.
My Dear Sir: Will you kindly oblige
me by extending the time of payment
of my note for another thirty days? I
want to have a talk with you about
Sheldon. His wife called upon Mrs.
Holder the other day, and I gained
the Impression that she is not partic
ularly anxious that he should go to
Africa, and a note from Sheldon this
a. m. tells me that if anything turns
up in the meantime he will not go. In
brief, I think he would accept some
thing at moderate terms if offered now
or if he had a general idea when he
would be needed. I think Sheldon
would make a good figurehead for your
weekly. His reputation, name, large
acquaintance, etc., would all be valu
able, I should think, and he would,
in my estimation, be of no little service
to you in the way of aiding you in the
preparation of articles, speeches, etc.,
which you are too busy to devote your
time to entirely. I think a proposi
tion of $50 a week on the weekly and
$400 a year from the magazine for work,
he might do or extra work for you
would get him for the first year, or
probably $2500. I make this sugges
tion as S. is waiting and expecting to
hear from Mr. Mills every day, and
will undoubtedly accept if nothing
else turns up. I learn from Mr. Mills
that he has a high opinion of Sheldon,
and it seems to me that the latter
could be made valuable to arrange
things between you and the railroad
If found desirable. You, of course,
understand my Interest in the African
trip. It was to make the magazine in
Fnme way the official mouthpiece of
Huntington's expedition (in America).
In other words, the report and articles
would be given to the American peo
ple through the magazine, for which
we could obtain some equivalent, either
political or financial. I have caution
ed Sheldon, if he goes, to have entire
control of the writing up of the coun
try, and he will, of course, throw it
our way if he can. Very truly yours,
C. F. HOLDER.
HOLDER'S UNDERHAND ATTACK ON EX
BANK COMMISSIONER A. GER
BERDING.
Professor Holder wrote many let
ters, but most of them possessed only
an incidental interest in connection
with the Californian Illustrated Maga
zine. On December 30, 1892, Professor
Holder indicated that as an agent of
Dick McDonald he had entered the po
litical field and was suggesting schemes
by which certain candidates for gub
ernatorial favor might be defeated.
The genial professor earnestly urged
Dick to secure the co-operation of that
literary star, Dan Burns.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 30, 18fl2.
My Dear Mr. McDonald: I met the
Governor this morning by appointment
and the result of his talk with Mxrk
ham was that the latter had already
decided to continue the appointment
o f g — to the full term. He did the
same with all, my case as trustee of
the Normal School was an example, so
we were met by something that can
not be overcome by anything except
great pressure, which cannot be decid
ed upon until you are consulted. Dr.
J. and myself had a conversation with
Governor Sheldon this a. m. and the
doctor goes north to-night and will re
port to you.
Governor S. thinks there is a chance
if charges can be brought against O.
and he will go in if there is any show.
He, Governor Sheldon, is on good
terms with Burns and other influential
politicians in San Francisco and my
advice is that you have Governor Shel
don go up Monday and make the fight
against this fellow from every point
with all the force he can bring to bear.
I believe something can be done. At
least it is worth trying. If it can be
shown to Markham that there is any
thing against G. in any way I think
something can be done and I think
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1898.
HOLDER MAKES AN UNDERHAND ATTACK ON GERBERDING.
During the later days of the Pacific Bank and the People's Home Savings Bank, Bank Commissioner Al Gerberding was
thorn In the sides of the McDonalds. Gerberding insisted upon demanding from the McDonalds a better showing for
their banks The Commissioner could not be handled and every effort was made to paralyze his official actions. Profes
sor Holder went farther* than most of Dick McDonald's tools In his efforts to checkmate Gerberding and to prevent
him from clogging the dishonest progress of the bank. Holder went to Los Angeles and attempted to secure from
Governor Markham a promise that he would not appoint Gerberding for the full term as Bank Commissioner. Gov
ernor Markham declined to give this promise, and then Holder suggested to McDonald that an attack be made upon
the character of Gerberding, that charges in some way be preferred against him and that he be dishonored. In this
blackguard scheme Professor Holder suggested the propriety of securing the assistance of Dan Burns.
Sheldon would be able to do something
with Burns, anyway. Very truly yours,
C. F. HOLDER.
THE PROFESSOR ASSISTS HIS MASTER
IN HIS AMBITION TO BE
GOVERNOR.
Shortly before the election in No
vember, 1892, Holder wrote a letter to
Dick McDonald severely criticizing the
action of a woman who was then in the
employ of the Californian Magazine.
This woman, so Holder alleged, was
telling Dick's secrets in political mat
ters and flouting about the streets the
interesting fact that he was to capture
the School Department and use it as
an Instrument in his guberna
torial campaign. The woman's name
is of no public interest, the letter being
of importance only as an illustration of
the relationship existing between Hold
er and McDonald. Excerpts from the
epistle are as follows:
My Dear Mr. McDonald: Would it
not be a good plan to let this — — —
return to her work until after election.
She has a long tongue, is ugly and at
this time, when every point counts,
might do some harm to your plan to
secure control of the schools in the in
terest of the Governorship, etc. I write
aa I know she is prepared to talk and
has already told one person, my In
formant, your plans for the capture of
the schools, etc., and a lot more stuff
that would make disagreeable reading
if she should get hold of some black
mailing sheet to publish it and during
election times such papers are fairly
easy to find. You can put her back
until election is over and then make a
new deal. Some of your friends must
leak or she would not get hold of these
things. Sincerely yours,
C. F. HOLDER.
0. T. DYER DENIED THAT THE BOOKS
OF THE RIVERSIDE BANK HAD
BEEN FALSIFIED.
There are only a very few letters of
importance or general public interest
that were written either by O. T. Dyer,
the manager of the Riverside Bank, or
his sister, Miss E. C. Dyer, the cashier
of the institution. While Dyer and his
sister played a most important part in
the history of the Pacific Bank, they
wrote but very few letters that shed
new light on the relations between
the Pacific Bank and the People's
Home Savings Bank. It has been
demonstrated that the McDonalds and
the Dyers understood thoroughly the
wretched condition of their own banks.
It has been shown that the Dyers had
the McDonalds by the throat and made
the very existence of the Pacific Bank
a pledge for the continued life of the
Riverside Bank.
The Dyers were as fearful of the
Bank Commissioners as were the Mc-
Donalds, and schemed to avoid an hon
est investigation with McDonald. In
both cases absolute reliance was placed
upon the dishonest support and co
operation of W. H. H. Hart. Hart had
placed himself practically in the power
of the Pacific Bankers and in exchange
for his services received financial ac
commodation whenever he needed it.
Reference to this fact and to the un
denied interference of A. Gerberding in
the affairs of the dishonest bankers is
frequently made in the letters of O. T.
Dyer. These references, however, while
they are important in the estaDlish
ment of the proof that The Call under
took, form no new elements to the
story. When it became evident in the
middle part of 1892 that its collapse
seemed inevitable, O. T. Dyer was sent
to New York to assist the other con
spirators in the gigantic task of nego
tiating the worthless securities of the
Riverside Bank.
As a matter of course these securities
were not negotiable, but Dyer remained
in the East, while his sister, stationed
in the bank at Riverside and possess
ing absolute control of the institution,
continued to increase the enormous
overdraft that was killing the Pacific
Bank. Time and again R. H. McDonald
Jr. wrote letters bitterly accusing the
brother and sister of gross neglect, bad
faith and dishonesty. Many of the leu
tors written by the Dyers, were in an
swer to these accusations. These epis
tles possess no particular public inter
est. On August 16, 1892, O. T. Dyer
wrote a bitter letter to Dick McDonald
warning him to keep his spies and his
agents away from Riverside or through
his absurd policy he would precipitate
the very thing the conspirators were
seeking to avoid, a run on the Riverside
Bank.
"No ordinary fool," declared Dyer,
"has a million dollars to place. Leave
our negotiations alone." In another
letter O. T. Dyer wrote scathingly to
Dick McDonald, denouncing him for
the insinuation that there were dis
honest entries in the books of the
Riverside Bank. Dyer begged Dick to
remember that Gerberding had been
most scrupulous and exacting in his ex
amination and under those circum
stances it had been impossible to in
troduce any crooked entries, even if the
managers of the bank wished to make
any. "You know," said Dyer, "that
Gerberding watched your father like a
cat when he was at Riverside and San
Diego."
DYER CONFESSES THE DISHONEST COL
LUSION OF ATTORNEY GENERAL
HART.
On October 6, 1892, Dyer did pen a
1 letter of general public interest. Ex
cerpts from this epistle, which was ad
dressed to R. H. McDonald Jr., are as
follows: "With some one pushing me
at every turn I make here and a dyna
mite bomb in every letter the mail
brings from there, and yet with all this
you have the coolness to say in your
last letter, received to-day, that I shall
learn that I have you to deal with and
no one else. As though I did not realize
that fact as forcibly as any one could.
No, sir; notwithstanding your insinua
tions as to my intentions you shall get
your money, every dollar, unless by
some act of your own you drive me to
the wall, and the time shall yet come
when you shall look me in the face
and acknowledge that I have been
honest with you. Your brother, in his
anxiety to get matters in a different
shape before that Jew Gerberding
should visit Riverside again and en
tirely unbeknown to me, sat up one
whole night, or until 3 in the morning,
to draft out a letter and proposition to
you, and when I came into the office the
next day he handed me his rough draft
of his proposition, saying he had spent
nearly all night working on a proposi
tion, and that if I would accept right
away so that he could get off by the
first mall he could get through by Oc
tober 1, the date we had agreed with
Hart to make a statement to him, and
before Gerberding could get down there
and raise another rumpus, as he would
probably not go until Hart got his
statement.
"As to the proposition, it may be a
late day to discuss it, and I will only
say that it does strike me that an
ordinary unbiased mind could only look
on it as a proposition written in your
interest, its provisions not only adding
to but strengthening your present se
curity without costing you one dollar
in money or additional liability. Its
effect would be to sustain and build up
the credit of our bank and stock, mak
ing it possible for us to raise money for
you and making our stock and our in
dorsement good collateral for you, also
relieving both you and us from the
severe strain and blackmail we are
subject to on account of the Commis
sioners, as they then could not object.
So entirely Independent of your broth
er's proposition we can begin to see our
way out at no great distant day if you
continue to stand by us and Mr. Hart
don't go back on us."
While Dyer was writing such letters
as these his sister was increasing the
overdraft and leading the Pacific Bank
more deeply into the hole. Every de
mand of McDonald for money met with
promises and nothing more. This con
dition of affairs continued until shortly
j before the collapse of the Pacific Bank
came and then the Riverside went down
in disgraceful bankruptcy
THE SCHEMES OF E. A. DAVIS AND
R. J. DAVIS OUTLINED.
Among the many men who received
favors, financial and otherwise, from
the McDonalds in exchange for flat
tery and servility were E. A. Davis
and R. J. Davis. R. J. Davis was the
secretary of the Mohawk schemes into
which Dick McDonald had been in
veigled and in which many thousands
of dollars were lost. E. A. Davis was a
clerk in the Pacific Mutual Life Insur
ance Company, and through his friend
ship with Frank McDonald secured
many financial favors and the promise
of more. The letters of these men are
Interesting, as they suggest several
schemes in which the deluded bankers
sank money. One wanted to be a Bank
Commissioner and wrote that he would
turn over to Dick McDonald every
month his salary in payment of a note
that was absolutely unsecured. The
other suggested foolish plots and plans
in reference to the Colton Marble Com
pany and the Mohawk schemes, of
which he was secretary.
A Uttle more than two months before
the banks failed R. J. DaviB suggested
a wild financial project to Frank V.
McDonald to buy out the Pacific Mu
tual Life Insurance Company and con«
duct It in conjunction with the People's
Home Savings Bank and the Pacific
Bank. Davis declared that no other
man in the world was so well qualified
as Frank McDonald to accomplish such
a scheme and establish the strongest
financial combination in the United
States. It will only cost, Davis said.
$125,000. But Frank did not bite at ths
bait. He did, however, go to the Pa
cific Mutual Life Insurance Company a
few weeks before the Pacific Bank
failed and insure his life for $10,000.
To the surprise of the manager,
Mr. Beaver, McDonald insisted on
paying the entire premium at once.
This premium amounted to $4600 In
cash, and Mr. Beaver suggested that
Frank McDonald might better leave
the sum in his own bank, where it
would draw interest. Frank replied
carelessly, however, that he preferred
to have the matter off his hands and
would pay the premium in full. He
knew then that the Pacific Bank was
on the very edge of ruin and must soon
go down with a crash. The money was
paid and the depositors of the Pacific
Bank gave their deposit for another
benefit for the McDonalds.
The letters of E. A. Davis show that
the young man was deeply enough in
the confidence of Dick McDonald to
suggest and plan at least one shady
transaction in the sale of Pacific Bank
stock.
The Call will continue to-morrow
morning the history of the confidential
correspondence of the Pacific Bankers
and will exploit other gigantic frauds
to which reference has not yet been
m^ide.
DORA WILSON GETS
THE QUENTIN ESTATE
Succeeds in Breaking the Rancher's
Will by Which She Was Dis
inherited.
REDWOOD CITY. Nov. 22.— The large
rs;nte of James Quentin was to-day given
into the possession of Mrs. Dora Wilson,
formerly Dora Horn. Quentin died in this
county about two years ago. leaving an
estate valued at about $125,000, of which
$st'>.ooo was money in bank, the balance
consisting: of a 1300-acre ranch known as
the San Gregorio ranch, and a lot of per
sonal property. He left a will by which
all of his property was disposed of. He
claimed to have had no living relatives
and willed his estate to friends and to
the Protestant orphan asylums of San
Francisco and Sacramento.
Soon after the will was admitted to
probate a contest was instituted by Dora
Wilson, who claimed to be the daughter
and heir of the deceased. She alleged
as grounds of the contest undue influence
and fraud on the part of certain of the
legatees of the will. In the will Quentin
expressly disinherited Mrs. Wilson and
failed to make any provision for her on
the ground that she uad no claims upon
him. Mrs. Wilson proved her claim to
the property, and as a result gets the
whole of It with the exception of $12,500,
distributed to the asylums mentioned in
the will, this probably being a compro
mise between Mrs. Wilson and the asy
lums. .
SUED BY HIS FATHER
ON A LIBEL CHARGE
Legal Action Brought Against a
Burbank Man for $10,000
Damages.
IjOS ANGELES, Nov. 22.— A curious suit
was begun here to-day, entitled Fawkes
vs. Fawkes. It is brought by Joseph
Fawkes Sr. of Burband against Joseph
Fawkes Jr., his son, to recover $10,000 fox
libel There has been a feud between
father and son for years, and the father
now alleges that the son caused the pub
lication of an article derogatory to his
character.
ADVERTISEMENTS^
(♦©♦©♦o*o#o*o^o<>o<t>o*o<&o*o*0 < &o<»o<»o^o^o*o*o*o<£o4>o<*o#o^
AN ENGINEER CURED I
— — — — — — —
Another of the Remarkable Victories of
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
— ■*' " "■ BAN FRANCISCO.
JP^*^.- ' (f~* ~ DR. SANDEN— Sir: I am willing
M ***feftil JTK % to testify to the grand results I have re-
€<r/fj£f3l~**9 %C*». V ' celved from following your advice and the
nffUBA I \ use of your "Dr. Sanaen's Electric Belt."
jTWjjfljTO .rtß \ V I am an engineer on the Southern Pacific
«§s»>r 'TX IV-Ilm Railroad and have suffered greatly for the
£f . ' Y^^K la"* three or four years with lumbago, dlz-
•*--_ tsM. |\ \Jf - , fil lines*, faint and blind spells, and a gen-
wLflEgW _#JV Sii it ifc i^N^f I 1 raJ broken-down feeling, which made It
BflT ' X "^ M* 1 I a i m ost impossible for me to make my run.
■TCTirf'" v^J which is one of the longest on the road.
Wtßßf' m 9 -niitrT-rf I waa advised to try one of your Belts,
mX • * ■^MftT^S "tSf^ and did so, purchasing the on you recom-
Rw i \ I* i^B'^mi^?7^ > - mended. It has completely cured me of all
HI * > *3/ ■ (mBBp&( mBBp& my troubles after two months' use, and I
Wg \V . '^^ 7 JfSSk jy can now make my run with the greatest
W Jk^ , ■ \,^f .^BdSSSSjrW ease. I have never had a pain or a bad
» ML { \ X I S&SSBBnfi feeling after five days' use of the Belt.
I jhL.v\\l W.i%C. I WufmUSSyf and I have more life in me now than I have
i "McvivTCH^^r L&SSP HfeV^ had for years. On meeting my friends they
I *^fWLlliEy&*^3fi.l^aßaM^Smmrrf always congratulate me on looking so well.
W MißnlrrTTSftKs>Kawf*^f¥^^y I always feel better and livelier than those
Rk. '^BBr' ; J " ; ''M^SMnK^^cSj^^^^r around me. I will always advlpp my friends
KH&S ' BVL ' who are suffering as I was to try your Belt,
mEBAv ]fcyryyM|SSHBB»3BH« for I can lay m restoration to health to
WBiyVfc- y\Hp -*sfc- '.-->■ "■ nothing else than your Dr. : Sanden's Elec-
\bM- \+jg& ' ' ■Bt^^"-' BHr : trie-Belt. With kindest regards, lam yours
very truly.
J. J. ROCKWELL, 2122 Howard St.
IT IS NATURE'S OWN REMEDY 1
This wonderful belt fills the nerves and organs with electricity every
night while you sleep. When you awake In the morning you are re-
freshed, wide awake and full of the Joy of living, for your nerves are
charged with the vim, the snap and "go" of life. Weakness vanishes,
the drains and nervous spells cease, and you soon recover all the vigor
of a strong man. : , ■
Read the Book, "Three Classes of Men."
It is a very valuable treatise on the restoration of strength. It will
point out a means by which you can become strong. It is sent sealed,
free to any address, or can be had on application to the office.
■ Don't put It off. Act to-day in a matter which concerns the happiness
not only of yourself but of your family and friends.of your future. You
should not delay. Call or address ; V?t
DR.A.T.SANDEN, * urn IN nDMC CTna *
JOt M«k«l Btr««t. otrn»r K»»rny. 8»o FrtntliM. , KOI IN UliUb OIUnCO.
Office hour*. Ba. m. to Ip. m. ; Sundays, 10 _^ SandenT" Electric Belt
to 1. Branches at Ix>s Anreles, Cal^ 282 west . . _»_«_ sold in druc store* '
Second street: Portland, Or.. 153 Wa»hln»toa 1* hi , r »vLlinc a«^its- onT» !
street: Denver. Colo., . 931 Sixteenth street; Jf'J 1 / ravelin, agents, only
DtllM. Tex., IS! Main street; Eutte. Mont.. at onr office. I
110 ; North ' Main ; street. . *— — — .. -__ . ._ "~ ; " ... .*
RAFAEL IGLESIAS
VISITS AMERICA
Costa Rica's President
at New York.
TRAVELING FOR PLEASURE
TRIP NOT CONNECTED WITH
STATE AFFAIRS.
He Intimates That Costa Rica May
Prevent the Construction of the
Isthmus Canal by Grace
Syndicate.
Sp«clal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 22.— Rafael Igle
sias, President of Costa Rica, arrived
here to-day on the Atlas liner Altai
from Port Limon and Kingston. With
President Iglesias were Ricardo Igle
sias, his brother; Colonel Leonzo Bo
nila, aide-de-camp; Dr. Antonio Guis
tana and General John S. Cazament of
the Costa Rican Railway. The party
will stop at the Waldorf for a few daya
before proceeding to Washington.
Shortly after the Altai left quarantine
for her dock she was boarded by Col
onel William Carter of the War Depart
ment, representing President McKin
ley, to welcome President Iglesias.
President Iglesias said that he was
traveling practically Incognito and not
on national business. He was opposed
to display. He had simply come her©
for pleasure and for the benefit of his
health. He expects to take a trip to
England and France, and on his way
home he will spend some months in the
United States.
The visit here of President Iglesias at
the present time, when there is so much
talk about building the canal across
Nicaragua, is believed to have been
brought about by the recent concession
granted to the Grace syndicate, which
goes into effect in October, 1899. When
this concession was announced it was
said that Costa Rica's opposition could
not in any way affect the new grant.
President Iglesias, when spoken to
about the proposed canal to-day, said
Costa Rica had important rights, which
it had reserved, and intimated that all
would not be plain sailing for the new
syndicate. Further he would not dis
cuss the matter.
Dr. Ulloa, Consul General of Costa
Rica, however, explained what was
meant by Costa Rica's rights. The Con
sul General until last May was Vice-
President of the country, and he re
signed In favor of Don Dometrio Igle
sias, the President's father, who is now
acting for his son. Dr. Ulloa said that
his country had equal rights with Nica
ragua along the San Juan River, an
important waterway, which divided the
two republics.
The building of dams across the river
for an interoceanic canal, it is said,
will inundate considerable land in Costa
Rica. Without the latter country's
sanction, it is asserted, the concession
held by the Grace syndicate is virtually
valueless. There is said to be a strong
feeling in Costa Rica in favor of allow
ing the United States, instead of a pri
vate corporation, to build the canal,
and that country will do its best to
thwart the scheme planned by Nica
ragua.
Dr. Ulloa said that the reason that
Costa Rica has not joined the Republic
of Central America, which was com
posed of San Salvador, Nicaragua and
Honduras, was that the combination
was looked upon as an experiment and
not by any means as a stable compact.
The revolt now in progress in San Sal
vador, he added, was a serious one, and
was the outcome of the union which
went into effect November 1.
TO COMBAT TEXAS FEVEB.
San Joaquin Valley Stockmen Favor
a Quarantine Law.
FRESNO. Nov. 22.— The stockraisers of
Fresno and neighboring counties assem
bled here to-day to discuss the subject of
Texas fever among the cattle of this sec
tion Many valuable animals have been
lost during the last few weeks. Dairy
animals driven along the roads over
which infected animals have passed have
taken the disease. The stockmen con
cluded to appoint a committee to frame
a law to be presented to the next Legis
lature which shall provide for the quar
autine of all infected herds.
Leon y Castillo Injured.
PARIS, Nov. 22.— Senor Leon y Castillo,
the Spanish Embasador here, met a seri
ous carriage accident on Monday after
noon in the Champs Elysees. His vehicle
struck a kiosk, the horses ran away and
Castillo jumped out. He was hurt about
the head and ar*ms.
34
GAGE MAKES
HIS INITIAL
APPOINTMENT
Foley His Private
Secretary.
BESIEGED WITH APPLICATIONS
COMING NORTH TO CONFER
ABOUT THEM.
Declares He Has Made No
Pledges and Will Consider
All Names Very Care
fully.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 22.— William I.
Folpy will be the private secretary of
Governor-elect Henry T. Gape. This
announcement was authoritatively
made this evening by Mr. daw him
self to the correspondent of The Call.
Mr. !• uley for ten years past been
associated with Mr. Gage in the prac
tice of law in this city. He has been
the confidential advisor and counselor
of the Governor-elect in many matters
not within the strict confines of busi
ness. As sen as >lr. Gage became the
candidate for tht Republican nomina
tion for Governor, Mr. Foley took ac
tive charge of his campaign. After the
nomination was secured he accom
panied the head of the Republican
State ticket on his tour, and remained
with him until election day. Mr. Foley
is about 40 years of age and is a highly
cultured gentleman. In his profession
his standing is high, and in local liter
ary circles he has attained quite a rep
utation as a student of the classics.
A story was current this evening that
Colonel Ueorge Stone of San Francisco
had been selected by Mr. Gage as the
successor of Adjutant General A. W.
Barrett. This statement is unauthor- I
iztd. The Governor-elect stated posi
tively to-night that he had not as yet
given thy matter of his appointments
the slightest consideration, further than
u> name his private secretary.
"You can reiterate what I have before i
Btated," said Mr. Gage, "I have not
made a single Bolitary pledge or prom
ise to appoint anybody to any office.
The matter of appointments has not us
yet been taken up by me. I have not
h d an opportunity so far to get around
to those subjects. I propose when the
time comes to take them up and con
sider carefully all names before any
appointments are made.
It is known that Mr. Gage has re
ceived an extraordinary mail fur the
past ten days, weighted down with ap
plications. There is an army from
Southern California that desires to be >
placed, but Mr. Gage has absolutely
declined to consider any personal ap
plications, and letters containing re
quests have never reached him. They
have been filed by Mr. Foley.
Mr. and Mrs. Gage, accompanied by
their daughter, Lucille, will leave for
the north to-morrow. They will be
present at the launching of the Wis
consin, which is to take place at the
Union Iron Works on Saturday. Miss
Lucille is to be the star performer on
that occasion, as she is to press the
button which will slide the frame of j
the big naval monster from the stocks i
inio the water.
I?< fore his return Governor Gage will
ibly consult with some of the
northern leaders of the Republican
party as to his appointees. He will not
return to Los Angeles for several
It la given out by friends of Assem
blyman L. H. Valentine this evening
that he has retired from the contest as
candidate for Speaker of the Assembly.
Valentine is a firm and ardent sup
porter of P.ulla for United States Sen
ator, nn'l it is claimed that he leaves
the speakership contest In the interest
of Bulla's Senatorial prospect.-.
CONANT DEFEATED
BY THE RECOUNI
The Result of the Treasurership
Fight in Santa Clara
County.
SAN JOSE \'ov. 22.— The Board of
Supervisors to-day declared Joseph A.
Lotz, candidate for Treasurer on
the Republican ticket, entitled to
the certificate of election. The re
canvass started yesterday overcame
Conant's lead of one and gave Lotz a
majority of two. Conant lost one in
the Ninth Precinct of San Jose and one
at Robertsville and Lotz gained one in
Highland. The official count as an
nounced gives Lutz 5384 votes and
Conant 5382.
The tally sheet of the Thirteenth Pre
cinct showed "int to have 115 votes.
The latfer's friends claimed this should
be 119. The tally sheet kept by In
spector F. J. Clark was asked for. but
Clark, in violation of the law, refused
to let any one see it. Finally a threat to
arrest Clark caused Supervisor Stern,
his employer, to issue an order for Clark
to produce the sheet. This tally sheet
showed Conant 117 votes. The Super
visors — Ayer, Stern and Rea — refused
to allow the extra two votes and gave
Conant 115 votes in the precinct.
SHIP SAMOENA SAFE.
Reaches Port After Having Encoun-
tered a Series of Gales.
ASTORIA, Or., Nov. 22.— The overdue
British ship Samoena. sixty-two days
from Nagasaki, in ballast, arrived to-day.
The Samoena has been classed with the
missing vessels Laurelbank and Valky
rian and 40 per cent reinsurance was
taken on the vessel. Captain Boyce states
he ran into the equinoctial jraies after
passing the one hundred and fortieth
meridian. They lasted several days and
afterward encountered two heavy ty
phoons. One of them was very severe, his
chip being under bare poles for fifteen
hours. The Samoena weathered the storm
•without injury and on the 24th of October,
in 163 east, another heavy northwest gale
was encountered ami seas continually
washed over the vessel. Approaching the
Pacific <'<;ast continuous heavy weather
was experienced.
Captain Boyce brings no news of the
missing vessels Laurclbank and Valky
rlan.
NOT ENOUGH RAIN.
Weather and Crop Bulletin ;!or South
ern California.
L.OS ANGELES, Nov. 22.— The United j
States Department of Agriculture climate i
and crop bulletin of the weather Hurean •
for Southern California for the week end- j
s, ing November 21 is as follows:
Xo material changes occurred In the weather I
conditions during the past week until Saturday, .
when light rain fell generally, but not in ;
sufficient amount to be of positive pood. The
rain was followed on Saturday by high north
erly winds, occompanied by cold weather and
frost in exposed places Monday morning. No
damage is reported from either the wind or
frost. Framing operations generally continue j
inactive because of the lack of good, soaking ;
rains to put the soil in fit condition for culti- I
vation, though in some sections seeding i* be- . .
Ing done to a considerable extent. Oranges are j
coloring fast; raisin packing continues in some
of th- ralßin-maklnjr districts.
GOVERNOR
HASTENS TO
PARDON THEM
Persecuted Boys to
Go Free.
WILL LEAVE SAN QUENTIN
THE CALL'S STORY AROUSES MB,
BUDD'S INDIGNATION.
Executive Will Lose No Tim© in'
Causing the Release of the Lads
Who Were Railroaded to
Prison.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Nov. 22.—
The pardons for the three boys who
were railroaded to the penitentiary
from San Luis Obispo County have al
ready been signed by the Governor, and
as sunn as a minor legal technicality j
has beer, complied with the lads will be
given their liberty and sent home to
their parents in Bakersfield.
When the facts of this flagrant pro
ceeding and the action taken by the
Board of State Prison Directors were
read in The Call by the Governor his I
indignation rivaled that of the board
itself. The public is already familiar
with the details of the case; how the!
boys in question, Earl Touseley, Guy
Lamb and Christian Portlock, the eld
est of whom is aged 16, were arrested
while on a camping tour for having
made use of an old horse that had been
turned out to die, pleaded guilty on
being told by the Sheriff and the Dis
trict Attorney that they had been
guilty of horse-atealing, had their pre
liminary examination and were sent to
San Quentin for a year; how they were
even sent one at a ::me in order that ;
the fees of the Sheriff might be aug- j
mented, and how the parents of the !
boys were kept in ignorance of the j
whereabouts of their children until they j
wrote to the postmaster at San Luis;
Obispo. >t |
"I have already signed the pardons,
paid the Governor to one of the direct
ors to-day, "but the law requires that \
before the boys be released the District |
Attorney of the county from which
they were sent to the penitentiary must
have ten days' notice. He can, of
course, waive his rights in the matter,
and I telephoned him with the inten
tion of asking him to do so, but was
told that he was out of town. I never i
heard of such a case as this before and j
I will get those little fellows out of ,
there just as soon as the law will per
mit."
Director Wilkins has not only acted
in conjunction with his fellow-members j
of the board in inducing Governor Budd j
to pardon the boys, but has taken so ;
deep an interest in the affair as to see
the Governor personally and explain
the facts of the case at greater length,
and more specifically than could be
done merely by sending him the docu
ments.
•I am always loath to criticize a pub
lic official and his actions," he asserted
to-day, "but I think I put it mildly
when I assert that the excuse offered
for sending these boys to the peniten
tiary is pretty flimsy. District Attor- j
in v Dorn was not previously acquaint- j
ed with them, and I fail to see how he i
could have learned they were dime- :
novel fiends without speaking to some
person acquainted with them. Anyhow, j
that Is not an offense warranting such j
suffering and disgrace as they have en- I
dured, even if it be true."
SACRAMENTO CAR SHOPS
WILL BE REBUILT
Orders Which Discredit the Report
That They May Be Removed
to San Francisco.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 22.— A San Fran
cisco paper this morning contained an
article announcing that the railroad car
shops in Sacramento might be removed
r San Francisco. The article is based
upon the discovery by Supervisor Rot
tanzi of a petition from the Southern Pa
cific Company for the closing of certain
streets in San Francisco which run
through property upon which '.the com
pany expressed a desire to erect car
shop? No action was taken on the peti
tion at the time and the present Board of
San Francisco Supervisors decided to re
fer the matter to the Street Committee,
which is to meet on Wednesday, for ac
tion provided the railroad company is in
the frame of mind it was at the time it
filed the petition— October 31, 1892.
The publication referred to, with the
headlines asserting the probable removal
of the Sacramento plant, scarcely agrees
with the conditions visible at the shops.
The fire of a f>w weeks ago destroyed
only a small portion of the plant, which
covera many acres, and gives constant
employment to some 2200 meji. The ruins
had scarcely stopped smoldering when
orders were received for the immediate
reconstruction of the shops. Machinery
haa been ordered from the East and ma
sons are at work putting up the walls of
the new buildings, which, when complet
ed, will be better than the ones destroyed.
Railroad men here pronounce as absurd
the story that the shops or any portion
of them are to be removed to San Fran-
Cisco.
HEAVY FALL OF SNOW.
Beneficial Storm in the 7)lountains
Around Redding.
REDDING, Nov. 22.— A heavy snow for
this season of the year fell in the Trin
ity Mountains on Monday, insuring an
abundance of water for hydraulic and
placer mining throughout the Summer of
]599 A good flurry of anow early in the
fall with a subsequent freeze and fur
ther snowfall, constitute a favorable win
ler for the principal Interests of Trln
it'v County— hydraulic and placer mining.
The annual gold yield of Trinity County
amounts, under normal conditions, to
something like $1,500,000, and since yes
terday's snowstorm it is predicted that
Trinity County will make a new record
the coming year.
Snow was falling at Dunsmuir, Slsson
and other points in the Sacramento Can
yon, indicating that the entire sweep of
mountain range and hill country west,
north and east of Redding was visited
by snowfall. A freeze is sure to follow
and the snow will He on the ground until
iat.r in the spring.
The Sierra east of Redding received a
second coat of snow for the year, reach
ing down almost to the valley lands. The
snow will force suspension of nil work in
the woods and in the sawmill districts.
A cold rain commenced falling in Redding
Monday evening.
JESSIE PYLE LOSES.
Supreme Court Decides the Breach of
Promise Case.
SAX JOSE. Nov. 22.— The State Supreme
Court to-day reversed the $12,000 judg
ment obtained by Jessie Pyle ngainst Ed
ward If. Pierey, the local capitalist, for
breach of promise to marry. Miss Pyle
sued for $20,000. She alleged that Pierey
had wronged her under promise of mar
riage and was the father of her two
children. The case was tried here before
Judge Reynolds in 1896, and was one of
the most stubborn contests ever waged
In the county. The Jury awarded her
$12,000 and Pierey appealed. The ground
for overruling the decision was that the
court erred in the admission of testimony.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1898.
STRANGE FATE OF
THE MARIA TERESA
Mystery Concerning Her
Abandonment.
RODE GRACEFULLY TO SHORE
LITTLE WATER IN HER HOLD AT
THE TIME.
Belief Prevalent That Her Destruc
tion Was' Due to a Delib
erate Purpose to That
End.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 22. — The steamer
Antilla is at present in this port. Her
second officer, Edward Webber, said to
day that when the steamer was
at Cat Island the Infanta Maria Teresa
was lying in about fifteen feet of water
and the surf was breaking over her.
She was lying easy and not on the
rocks, but with her nose in the sand.
"Had the surf not been so high I be
lieve that we could have pulled her
off," said Mr. Webber. "I questioned
the natives and learned from them
that the Maria Teresa first appeared in
the offing about 8 o'clock in the morn
ing, the Thursday after she was aban
doned. She rode in gracefully, but had
she been brought in under skillful
guidance she could not have gone
j ashore at a better place. She went on
j the shore at 11 o'clock the same morn
ing in which she was sighted.
"It is my opinion, as well as the
opinion of the others on Cat Island,
that for some reason an attempt was
made by those on the Maria Teresa to
have her sink. She had drifted far in
the storm. All the square portholes
above the waterline were left open, but
in spite of this there was only three
feet of water in her when she came
ashore. I believe that the crew when
i they left her were anxious that might
!be the last of her. She is lying at
! present with a very slight list to port.
j As her stern is pointing to the breakers
: the waves as they break .near the stern
; run alongside, making little vibration.
I The pumps were all right and the
working parts are above water. I be
lieve that the vessel will not go to
I pieces, but will remain where she is for |
years. Her military masts have gone
I by the board and are lying on each side
of her."
NORFOLK. Va., Nov. 22.— The Curt
of Inquiry appointed by the Secretary
of the Naw to ascertain why the Span
' ish cruiser Maria Teresa was aban
doned' doned and to fix the responsibility be
• gan its labors to-day. Several of the
j crew of tusrs of the Merritt Wrecking
Company and the Leonidas were heard,
but members of the court would not
give out anything for publication.
REAR ADMIRAL MILLER
ON THE RETIRED LIST
Dewey Will Be the Ranking Officer
in the Navy on the 25th
of Next Month.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 22.— Rear Admi
! ral Joseph N. Miller, recently detached
! from the command of the Pacific station,
i was placed on the retired list to-day on
account of age. The vacancy thus cre
| ated in the highest grade in the navy
! will be filled by the promotion of Commo
! dore H. L. Howison, now commandant at
i the Boston navy yard. Captain Hi E.
Picking will be advanced to the grade of
commodore, and other promotions will be
made all along the line.
The naval orders to-day contain the
announcement of the retirement of R«'ar
Admiral Francis N. Bunce on the 25th
prox. Admiral Bunce is commandant of
' the New York navy yard, generally re
garded as the most important shore com
mand in the navy.
Rear Admiral George Dewey will be the
ranking officer in the navy upon the re
tirement of Admiral Bunce next month.
It is understood that the President will
recommend to Congress the re-creating of
the office of admiral or vice admiral for
the special benefit of Admiral Dewey.
Commodore John \V. Philip, now In
temporary command of the North Atlan
■ tic station, is Itkoly to receive the assign
ment to either the command of the New
York navy yard or the Boston navy yard.
WANTED TO RIDE HER
WHF.EL AT NIGHT
Because Her Husband Objected a
New York Woman Commits
Suicide.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— Mrs. Ada Belle
Rudleck of 240 Eighth avenue committed
suicide to-night by Inhaling illuminating
gas because her husband. Otto, had for
bidden her to go riding on her bicycle
at night. Before killing herself she wrote
a note in which she asked her husband
to take good care of her pet dog Millie.
The note was as follows:
Dear Otto: You will be sorry for having
treated me so. There la no one to blame but
yourself. Take good care of Millie for me.
ADA.
Rudleck when he found his wife dead
acted like one Insane, and begged the
policeman, who had been summoned, to
give him a pistol that he might kill him
self. The officer had to use force to
keep Rudleck from harming himself and
Rudleck did not become quiet until seda
tives had been administered.
EASTERN BACES.
Results at the Lexington and Ben
nings Tracks.
LEXINGTON, Nov. 22.— Weather cloudy;
track sloppy to-day. Results: .T.".-> : ,"r
First race, five and a half furlongs—
ning Express won, Juanetta second. Prince of
Orange third. Time, 1:16V4-
Second race, mile and an eighth — Great Bend
won, Kitty B second. The Devil third. Time,
2:03*;.
Third race, six furlongs Mayme M M won,
Estabrooks second, Ernespie third. Time,
1:21%: • ' •' ' ■' ■ ;■;:-
Fourth race, selling, six furlongs — Horseshoe
Tobacco won, Hampton second, Bon ' Jour
third. ■ Time, 1:21.
Fifth race, one mile — Preliminary won, Beth
lehem Star second, .Reflect third. Time, 1:30. ;
WASHINGTON. Nov. 22— At Bennlngs to
day the track was good. Results:
First race, six furlongs — Klepper won, Clia
rentus second, Klnnlkinnlck third. Time, 1:16.
Second race,, five furlongs — Lady Dora won.
Sparrow Wing second, Savllla third. Time,
1:04. '--.'-.' ■• .".:■ . .
Third race, hurdle, two Floraline won,
Marshall second, Ben Eder. third. Time, 0:.*.8.
Fourth race. ' six furlongs— Vignette won.
Colonel Tenny second. Fast Black third. Time,
Fifth race, one mile — Thomas Cat wan.
Loiterer second, Walkenshaw third. Time,
1:42 4-5. - :/':'■■ \
DRAWING NEAR TO DEATH.
Emperor of China Unable to Walk
TJnaseiated.
PEKING, Nov. 22.— The health of the
Emperor of China Is said to be again
causing grave anxiety to those about him.
He Is described as being unable to walk
unassisted, and It is believed in well in
formed circles that the end is near.
Evacuation of Havana.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.— The Cabinet
discussed the Cuban situation to-day and
it was developed .that the Spaniards hope
to be able to complete the evacuation of
Havana by December 20.
DEWEY MAY BE
A CANDIDATE
FOR PRESIDENT
Such Is the Belief Prevalent
Among the Political Sharps
at the National Capital.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.— The
report from New York that Ad
miral Dewey had been offered
and declined an offer of $500 for
an article on the naval battle of
Manila and the future foreign
policy of this Government was
much discussed in Washington
to-day.
This coupled with his congrat
ulatory telegram to Theodore
Roosevelt and his letter to
Friend, published to-day. ex
pressing himself in favor of re
taining the entire Philippine
archipelago leads political sharps
to believe that Admiral Dewey
is really an aspirant for the
Presidential nomination in 1900.
There was some talk of this at
Manila amone the American col
ony there this summer, but the
naval officers at that time char
acterized it as "idle gossip."
NOBLEMAN'S SON IN
PRISON FOR MURDER
The Slayer of an Aged Couple Falls
Heir to a Large Estate in
Scotland.
MONTREAL, Quebec, Nov. 22.— One of
the half-forgotten histories of Canadian
criminal annals, in which interest is just
renewed, deals with the antecedents of
Walter McWherrell, who is now serving
r life sentence in Kingston Penitentiary
for having killed an aged couple named
Williams near Port Creit five years ago.
Although captured and ultimately con
victed, the mystery of McWherrell's iden
tity was never really solved.
Within the last few weeks a woman
giving the name of Mrs. O. M. K. Tru
man, Mount Hope Cottage, Queen street,
North Hamilton, began to intercede with
the Minister of Justice for the pardon of
McWherrell, who, she stated, was a rela
tive of hers and connected with a dis
tinguished family in the old country.
Living among the poor and no better
off herself, Mrs. Truman tells her Hamil
ton neighbors that she is Lady Klnnaird,
the wife of the rightful heir of one of the
greatest estates in Scotland, and that she
obtains her title In virtue of being the
duly wedded wife of Walter McWherrell,
the'eondemned murderer, who, she claims,
is the scapegrace son of a Scotch noble,
and who ran away and joined the army
and now. through the death of Lord Kin
naird, becomes the heir to the title and
estates.
CASUALTIES OF THE
SANTIAGO CAMPAIGN
Total Number of Killed and Wound
ed in the Land Fighting in
Cuba.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.— Complete re
turns have been received of the casualties
of the Santiago campaign. The adjutant
general's office has divided the campaign
Into different dates and periods. The
statement shows
La Quasima. June 24— Killed. 1 officer, lo
men; wounded. 6 officers, 44 men.
San Juan. July I— Killed, 4 officers, 134
men; wounded, 69 officers, 938 men.
El Caney. July I— Killed, 4 officers, 84
men; wounded, 24 officers, 334 men.
Aguadores, July 1 and 2— Wounded, 2 of
ficers, 10 men.
Around Santiago, July 10 to 12— Killed,
1 officer, 1 man; wounded, 1 officer, 12 men.
BOLD THEFT OF
UNCLE SAM'S GOLD
Eleven Packages Containing Money
Stolen From the Cleveland
Postoffice.
CLEVLAND, 0., Nov. 22.— One of the
boldest robberies committed here in years
was perpetrated to-day when the post
offlce was robbed of eleven packages con
taining $100 each, or $110) In all The
money was in a pigeon hole at a stamp
window presided over by Miss Mary
Perry. She left the window for a few
seconds and during the brief time the
money was taken. Two men were acting
in a suspicious manner in the corridor of
the postofflee just before the robbery and
the police believe one of them to be the
thief. No arrests have beun made us
yet. . y
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Patents, Pensions, Army Orders and
Postoffice Changes.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.— Pacific Coast
patents were issued to-day as follows:
California— Clay B. Dodson and B. G. Archi
bald, El Mnnte, advertising arch; Harry F.
Ingersoll, Alumeda, assignor of one-half to C.
F BriggH, San Francisco, brick, tile and build-
Ing blocks; Albert F. Mace. Stockton, and L.
R Keogh. Oakland, acetyllne gas generator;
Charles Oberfelld and I. Braunbeck. San
Francisco, baker's oven: Richard M. Spencer.
Sans an Francisco, window screen: Stephen S. Til
ton, San Francisco, automatic gate for fiush-
Ine sewers; Oliver Vanorman, Los Angeles,
assienor of one-balf to J. M. Johnson, sash
balance and lock; John O. Yardley. Stockton,
game apparatus. . >.___- ~.
Oregon— Heuben Q. Tucker, La Grande, blcy-
Washington— John T. Forrest. Chehalls. ink
well; Gage M. Wheeler, Tacoma, automatic
loader, conveyer and unloader.
Postofflces were to-day established at
Eagle, Koyuluk, Rampart, Soldovia and
Star, Alaska.
John Fritz was appointed postmaster at
Cedarville. Modoc County, Cal., vice Ran
som H. Stanley, resigned.
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War Post Quartermaster Sergeant
Langhorne Allen, now at the Presidio of
San Francisco, will be sent to Port Walla
Walla, Wash., and will report upon h's
arrival at that post to the commanding
officer for duty.
First-class Private Peter S. L-indhohn,
Company D, Battalion of Engineers, now
at San Diego Barracks, Cal., will be
sent to Fort Huachuca. Ariz., for med
ical treatment. Private Henry Sterly.
Company B, Fourteenth Infantry, now at
camp at Dyea, Alaska, is transferred to
the hospital corps as private.
Pensions— California: Original— Louis C.
McCamant, Capetown. $12: Mexican War
survivors (increase)— Benjamin R. Rus
sell, Elliott, $8 to $12.
Washington: Original — Edwin Green,
Oroville, $8; original widow's— Delight H.
West, Roy, $8.
Yon der Ahe's Victory.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 22.— 8. S. Mucken
fuss, president and receiver of the St.
Louis Browns, has been removed from the
former position by a majority of the
board of directors. This is a result of
his cominer in conflict with Chris Yon der
Ahe, the owner and former president. An
effort is also beinisc made to remove Muck
enfuas from the receivership of the club.
Jockey King Dead.
ATCHISON. Kans., Nov. 22.— Walsh
King, a jockey who has ridden on East
ern and Western tracks for the past six
teen years, is dead at his home here
from the effects of a fall received while
riding at Denver two years ago.
Price of Oranges Fixed.
REDLANDS, Nov. 22.— At a meeting of
the orange packers of Rediands district,
which includes Redlandn, Crafton, High
land, East Highlands, Mentone. Mound
City and Mission, the f. o. b. price of
navel oranges was fixed at $2 GO, and seed
lings at $1 60. This 1b a little leas than
the opening price last season.
Food for Starving Cubans.
steamer Bratton from Savannah with 700
tons of provisions for the starving people
of Cuba. The Bratton will leave a por
tion of the cargo at Havana, and then
will sail for Matanzas and other points.
CHANGES IN THE
CIVIL SERVICE
New Order to Be Issued
Shortly.
POSITIONS IT WILL AfFECT
THOUSANDS EXEMPTED FROM
THE PRESENT RULES.
Quite a Number of Openings in
Various Departments Will
Be Made in San Fran
cisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Nov. 22.
It is said that by next week President
McKinley will have prepared and pro
mulgated his new civil service order,
exempting many places from the opera
tion of that law.
Nearly all of his time is now occupied
In preparing his annual message to
Congress and with State Department
affairs, but his Cabinet secretaries are
tabulating data for him and It was
said to-day that the civil service proc
lamation would probably be ready for
his signature within a week or ten
days.
Thousands of government positions
placed under the civil service by Presi
dent Cleveland will be exempted and
room made for faithful Republican
party workers. This is a pleasant pros
pect for those anxious to enter Uncle
yam's service, but is viewed with con
siderable apprehension by many who
are now protected.
Democratic officeholders are naturally
most apprehensive, while the Repub
licans under civil service are reason
ably sure of holding on to their jobs,
at least until the end of President Mc-
Kinley's administration.
Most of the changes will be made in
the Treasury and Interior departments,
but there will be some in the Postoffice
and Agricultural departments.
Thousands of pension office examin
ing surgeons will be exempted as well
as deputy collectors of customs and in
ternal revenue. It is not definitely
known which officers of these depart
ments will be exempted, but in general
the proclamation will affect subordi
nates who handle money and for whose
conduct of cash transactions their su
periors are responsible to Uncle Sam.
Many collectors of customs and of in
ternal revenue have repeatedly repre
sented that these employes should be
selected by themselves since collectors
are responsible and liable for fiduciary
acts. In many instances postmasters
and collectors of customs and revenue
have been held liable for shortages of
deputies and cashiers, whereas, if men
of their own selection and in whom
they had confidence had served under
them such would not have been the
case.
It is said that President McKinley
was quick to see, the Justice of this con
tention and thaj. his order will exempt
these subordinates from civil service
rules.
Though nothing defir '*- Is known, it
is the general understanding that his
forthcoming o d^r will e.nbrace this
class of employes.
Thii w 1 affect California deputy col
lectors of internal revenue, pension
examining surgeons, some employes of
the Postoffice and perhaps deputy
United States marshals.
In the custo is service at San Fran
cisco the place of William Hamilton,
cashier, may, and likely will, be ex
empted, as well as the auditor and chief
clerk and others who by law are liable
in an emergency to be made deputy
collectors of customs.
STEPS FROM A CAR
ON A HIGH BRIDGE
Freight Conductor Falls Fifty Feet
and Receives Fatal In
juries.
REDDING, Nov. 22.— While the reaT end
of his train was standing on the Schoon
over bridge on Monday night H. O. Steele,
a freight conductor, stepped off the ca
boose in the darkness and fell fifty feet
to the rocky bed of the river. When
picked up he was conscious, though suf
fering Intense pain. The injured man was
hurried to Redding in time to catch the
train for Sacramento, where he has a
wife and family. It is doubtful if the man
can recover. Steele was a new conductor
on the road and unfamiliar with the line.
The Schoonover bridge is a high trestle
spanning the Sacramento River at the
first crossing above Redding. This makes
the third accident on the 8choonover
bridge, two of which were fatal.
ADVERTISEMENTS. /
5 DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT FREE
Prof. Jules Laborde's Wonderful French Restorative
"CALTHOS"
No C. O. D. or Deposit Scheme. Food for Thought.
As a man grows in years, his system gives out j»V'^¥^"\v '
here and there. If no help be sought from &^>^*"^*\i •'*"
Science, the .rouble grows worse. When the %§§? ~"^*
eyesight fails, skilled oculists and opticians : : Ufc&Lp f/T
soon make the patient see as well as ever. If , «"(w }^_ flL^- '
the teeth decay the expert dentist, builds them \ // MTflUnillJL^
up permanently with gold, and restores them iB\ f^L^r^ /nlußUKß^xsi
to their old-time usefulness. If deafness come, .^B£l\SF^- •^SJSrflPrr™^
specialists in the treatment of the ear quickly jAbHhSp^^kRMHHH^L
bring back the sense of hearing. So it goes jfiß& l^ffiKV , fjJgSJia&JSi
until we reach that infirmity commonly called M 3 SPffxjMflSl -\ flßaaMß ' '' '' Ssk.
Lost Manhood. The man so afflicted may well WK&SFmrISXvrBBS9k WSXmß^k.
be pitied. His thoughts go back to the days of WSflp*^ WM I KjBMWHg ffiD^^S
youth, when his veins tingled with the vigor of - — _ Mak h> |q9 v...^ :. mfsSStSB
strength, power and ambition; when he mm- '. VI ( I:-' ''"98^ . ': -■'-'Ei?
gled Jn society and was a real man. Possibly C~~^- %\ r MB^^^^vH'
you, the reader of this notice, are so afflicted. ( *QmO
If that be true, you can have your infirmity / 1 im V T&l '/^^y**^--**
cured, just as failing eyesight, hearing and I_JB*nJo
CALTHOS— There is a great Trench remedy _-— ""^""^^"^ )^~^^^S HBwK
named CALTHOS, which restores men to vigor r~~ ■ ■ ■ ""O***"-'^^ RE^B^ : 'S
nnd strength in the organs of true manhood. / . Jf \ JESB^Sr
It cures Varicocele and all weaknesses caused / \\\ «=;:;__/ i^Ssß^ 3^
by excesses, overwork or indulgence in stimu / I \j>— - — ~/^ v'lL.B^''
lants, and develops small or shrunken parts. / jl [■ ■ € < _^t*t!>&\ J
It is the only discovery of Science which does / fl / ' \^TpW? '
this. There are many men in Congress, in the / ■ [I- 1 ■ ■ \? *• w
Stock Exchanges, in great business houses of • 1/ ' l^--*^^
large cities— professional men, farmers, lab- 1/ if, a • \».
— who have had their powers of youth' ■■•' • ■ . •; \y ■ v-|L ; \\X,
brought back by CALTHOS. You can tell them v';, c : . .\S \ .^. ■ ■- ■
by the brightness of their eyes, by. their erect , k I >• .
carriage, by the vigorous, virile way they go pbeb • rD | rnCATMCMT
about the duties of life. FREE TRIAL TREATMENT.
CALTHOS is the discovery of the celebrated 'To satisfy the doubtful and to show the won-
Paris physician, Prof. Jules Laborde. It is sold derful strengthening powers of CALTHOS, a
in America, Canada and Mexico,, by The Yon five days' trial treatment will be sent FREE, to
Mohl Co., of Cincinnati, Ohio, the largest im- all weak men who write and ask for it. It will
porters of standard medicines; in the United be forwarded in a sealed package by mail.
States, which is well known for its reliability Those who write should remember who they
and high standing in the profession. .< ■ » '• are; they are reliable and responsible and have
This company never, .under any circum- no connection with the disreputable practice of
Stances, makes public the names of its patients, sending* goods C. O. D. . No deposit is required,
although, thousands write every year express- Simply tell them you will give CALTHOS a
ing great joy at their.recovery. All correspon- fair trial for five days and it will be sent ab-
dence relating to the CALTHOS branch of their- solutely free. Address THE YON MOHL CO.,
business is confidential and is kept separate 288 B. Cincinnati, Ohio. 1 Largest Importers of
and distinct from their general business. ' I. °*-— a -~«/ «-«~»»-ations in the United States.
:.' ;; - ; - "-■ r- ■ .'■'■'.'■: '■ : ■ " ;'•■.■ •■ ' - -, .:.': . . I^^^HI^HHHMBBMBMIKHHBBJHHSBS
CONFESSION LEFT
BY SUICIDE CROSS
Letter Describing His
Peculations.
DECEIVED BANK ASSOCIATES
STOLEN FUNDS WERE USED IN
SPECULATION.
In Death .the Erring President of j
the First National of Emporia
Seeks to Make Partial
Reparation.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
EMPORIA, Kans., Nov. 22.— Since the
sensational failure of the First Na
tional Bank, which was followed by
the suicide of Charles S. Cross, presi
dent of the bank and owner of the cele
brated Sunnyside Stock farm, there
have been rumors of a written confes- {
slon left behind by the suicide. This
letter was made public to-night by
William Martindale. vice-president of
the bank, and has caused a sensation
in Emporia, for It is an acknowledg
ment by the suicide that he had sys
tematically deceived and defrauded, not j
only the patrons of his bank, but his :
business associates. The letter fol- j
lows :
Emporia, Kans., May 12, 1898, 12 m.
I desire to state that the misfortunes of
myself and the bank have been caused j
through my faults and errors. I Inherit! -d
a large debt, which I endeavored to meet ,
by going into other schemes, which have .
all been practical failures and only got me j
deeper into the mire.
As to the bank matters. I desire to say I
that I have carefully laid plans to deceive |
both the board of directors, the cashier
and employes. Mr. Martindale will now
learn for the first time how I have care
fully deceived him, principally by way of
substituted paper, of which he has no
knowledge. The reports and letters writ
ten the Comptroller have been by me mis
represented to the board. They had signed
on the last page, and I had sent others
than the ones read to them, changing
every one but the last sheet.
I have had a hard luck story most of my
lifetime, the only pleasant feature being
that of my present wife, who has been a I
good and true woman. Mr. Davis, our !
cashier, has never made an improper en- I
try on the books and knows nothing of
this whole miserable business. Death I |
do not fear; it is preferable to the agony
of the past year.
I know of nothing 1 further to add except
as to Mr. Martindale — this is a terrible j
thing for him. He trusted me without re- I
serve. I have given him a bill of sale of j
all my personal property. C. S. CROSS.
FATAL SHOOTING AT~
SANTA BARBARA;
Result of a Quarrel Between a Man !
and Woman, Induced by
Jealousy.
SANTA BARI.vRA, Nov. 22.— William
Silva and Miss Jose Rluz were shot this j
evening about 7 o'clock. Silva was hit :
just above the heart, the bullet lodging j
In the back, and is expected to die at any !
moment.
The woman is shot through the shoul
der and has an ugly wound, but not nee- 1
essarily a fatal one. Their stories so ;
conflicting that it is puzzling the authori- |
ties to place the crime on one or the other.
His story is as follows:
He and the woman were at supper and
had just finished a bottle of beer, when in I
the course of conversation she accused
him of keeping company with another !
woman. He denied it and she insisted j
that she was right.
Thereupon he jumped up and said he 1
would leave her. She immediately arose, |
picked up a cuspidore and threw it at him. j
then snatched his pistol from his pocket ;
and as he faced about tired. He says he ;
ran out of the house, entered Dr. Beoes
eke's yard across the street, and fell on i
the doorstep. He says that he had not !
been drinking, although in the dining
room were several empty beer bottles.
She is very hysterical and has not been \
able to speak rationally. She repeatedly
says: "He shot me first." The bullet
entered her shoulder from th^ rear, mak
ing it almost impossible for her to have
done it herself. The bullet was a 44 cali
ber and inflicted a very bad wound.
Silva is a man of 28 years and for sev- !
eral years has been clerk in a cigar store, j
His reputation has been that of a harm- I
less fellow, with not much principle. She I
lived with him for some time.
TRANSPORT VALENCIA
ARRIVES AT MANILA
Voyage From San Fran;isco Accom
plished Without a Casualty of
Any Kind.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 22.— Adjutant
Genera] Corbin received a cablegram to- !
day from General Otis at Manila an- |
nouncing the arrival of the transport Va
lencia with all well on board. This steam
er sailed from San Francisco on October
19 with the following troops: Companies
F G, H and I, First Washington Volun
teers and -Batteries A and D, First Bat
talion, California Heavy Artillery, all
under command of Colonel Wholley of
the First Washington Voluteers. The de
partment officials are much gratified that
the long trip was made by the expedition
without a casualty of any kind.
Do you feel more tired in the morning
than on going- to bed? Do you have,
melancholy spells, poor memory, shy,
despondent, want to be let alone, irrita-
ble? If you do feel so you suffer from
Nervous Debility. If you are treated
now you can be cured. If you wait you
may wait a little too long. Many who
wait become nervous wrecks. Don't
you wait. The sure, speedy cure is the
GREAT. i
"HUDYAN"
HUDYAN CURES.
LOST MANHOOD,
FAILING POWERS,
NERVOUS. DEBILITY.
HORRIBLE DREAMS,
CONSTIPATION. '
LOSS OF POWER.
LOSS OF CAPACITY, : •
LACK OF ENERGY.
. Call or write for ...< r
Circulars and Testimonials^
Blood Poison First, secondary, ter-
DlOOfl rOlSOfl tiary forms of blood
Blood Poison disorders are manifest--,
DIOOCI rOISOII ed by copper -colored^
Blood Poison ;&: t(; d:^ S
! BlOOd Poison nS^^amng^ha^
1 Blood Poison '&%, 3&
: Blood Poison is what you need - Cail
DIOOU rOISOH or write for
30-DAY CURE CIRCULARS.
Hudson Medical Institute,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts. .
14 16 Kearny Street, ;,
Is the very best place to have your eyes ex-
amined and have them fitted to Spectacles and
Eye Glasses with instruments. exclusively their
: own whose superiority has not been equaled.
Our success has been d-- to the merits of our
] •work. ■ - ' ■ ' - ' ' ' ■" •
l I ■" mWm l
S GOOD COOKS I
I HAVE USED IT 1
5 FORSO YEARS 1
( V AND • "l^j
! MERRILL'S !
■ X .PERFECTLY PURE^jj ■
ONCE TRIED 1
ALWAYS USED j
r/V^BH Bo*_B H _ B «_■««■■ aMMMnBH
" " ' "*
Use f^% and :■'■
Facial Soap y Facial Cream.
- . .- S-'* : - ■ '* *
WOODBURT'S Facial Soap, Facial Cream. Fa-,
cial and Tooth Powder - make ■' the grandest
toilet combination known- for the skin. Send
20 cents for sample of each, sufficient for threa
weeks' use. JOHN H. WOODItI'RV, 127 W 42a
»t.. N. V.. 163 State st., Chicago. ■••■■• •-. J ;
&p!k Chlchentcr'a Enjllsh Diamond J3nua&
rENNYROYAfPILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
V -<£»~N. Original and Only Genuine. A. .
y*//^K.s\ safe. »iwaj» reliable, ladies *'* _K\
riilS V^itt Druggist for CMchettsrt English H.a-j9\.\
j^*yß^*«©\7r.<m<i Brand la tied nil Hold metallic V«9r
Try -O£«hoxe». cealed with blue ribboa. Take VST '
1^ *^ *vJ»<» other. Rrfutt dangtrov suliu:u- V ■ . '
I / ~ . ffftiom and imitations. Druggist*, 4«. .
I W JJf In stamps fur particulars. tratiircmUli and
V©• B " Belief for I.a«llcm" in Utter, by ret ant
•Jk, IV Mail. 10,000 Tc'.inioriiilJ. JTaae Paper.
_ N -" rCkl<->t«»t*rCliejn!eolC<>..M«d!ioaß ; (i«—%
B*ld by all Local Druggists. • IMHI.A^A.. fAI
I -.-Dr.PIERCE'S. ■-.. ;
GOLDEN
MEDICAL. ...
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOP.e-WEg* .LtlMGg.
"drmcnulty.
n^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABT.K OLB
I 1 HpeclHlist Private. Nervous, and Blood Dt».
eases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
Patients ft t Homo. Terms reasonable. HoursO
to3dally;6:3otoS:3oev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Cull.or addresa
P. ROSCOE McNULTY, M.D., :^
26'^ Kearny St.. San Francisco. Cal. ,
1 : ..... ' .
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodleine and specific tonic
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own'
Merits: no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS *& HRt'N'E. Agents,
323 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
I A PERMANENT CURE 1
• J i of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea a • "
? am! Gleet, guaranteed in : from 3 to 6 C ;
C days ;no other treatment required, i %■'-■'
]I : - Bold by all druggists. .■ .. >,*
PPTTQWTTQ roR BARBER 3. bak-
IJIIU OIIJjO vrs - bootblacks. batH-
. - . - , uses, billiard tablet.*
brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers. nner*.
. dyers. - (lourmills. foundries; luundris». paper- •
baneer*. printers, ■-: painters. «ho« factor!*^
■tablemen, mr-roof<»r». tanners, tailors, «te
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers.. 6o9 Sacramento St
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. 4/
g^i-AKKY AS l> rtAfhUUi^ B>llS-R».
a* - modeled . and renovated.* - . KING WARD a "
CO. European ■ plan. Rooms'. Wo to $1 59 * .1
$5 to 18 week. $8 to $30 month. Free batha- h&
and cold water every room; fire grata* la *v*r»
room; elevator run* ail night, " --— — — -™THIS IS THE
SEASON FOR
JOB CHASING
Successful Candidates
Are Popular.
PLENTY OF APPLICATIONS
SOME APPOINTMENTS THAT
WILL BE MADE.
Practically a Clean Sweep Will Be
Made of the Present Attaches
of the Patronage
Offices.
These are the days that are full of woe
for the municipal officer-elect. At their
homes, in tlu-ir offices and on street cor
ners the successful candidates are be
sieged by the übiquitous job seekers.
Every man "* no wants a job tells hov^
li" assisted in securing the handsome ma*
jority which was given to the particular
Individual who may or may not have a
few positions to award his faithful
friends.
Of all the persecuted officers-elect Dr.
"Washington Dodge, the incoming Asses
sor, and Franklin K. Lane, the next City
and County Attorney, are deserving of the j
greatest sympathy. They will have con
trol of the only patronage offices won by
the one hundred job chasers and their sat
ellites. Dr. Dodge's efforts to secure votes j
during the campaign were as nothing
compared with the gigantic fight he now
has to stand off the lean and hungry
horde which haunts him day and night,
fiskinp for a crumb. Attorney Lane has
fewer positions to give out. and those nec
essarily go to lawyers. His troubles are
almost as heavy as Dr. Dodge's, however.
If the lawyer? who s=cek to assist the City
and County Attorney would be as persist
ent in promoting the city's interests as
they are in trying to get a chance to do
bo. every defective title by which city
property i? now held would soon be ex
punged from the records.
Republicans who were elected on No
vember 8 also have their troubles. Then.
too. the County Committee is a sort of
self-constituted Santa Claus, and the
faithtful workers will be rewarded accord
ins to their deserts. A few definite ap
pointments have been announced, and
there is a large list of applicants which
contains a number of "sure things" and
several hundred "also rans." Gossip
among the politicians says:
Mayor Phelan will not make any change
Jn his official family.
Auditor-elect Weils has not tipped off
his hnml. and the positions in his office are
still unpledged. *
Treasurer Truman also refuses to name
his assistants.
Rumor has it that John H. Grady, who
was defeated for Auditor, will be chief
deputy assessor under Dodge. John Fer
ris, Thomas Farrpll and Harry Zemansky
ar<> mentioned as probabilities in this of
fice.
Joe Goddartf heads the list of specula
tive . appointees under County Clerk
P"ane. while it fs thought Morgan
Backus. V. F. Xorthrup. A. S. Johnson
and E. S Hawley will continue In their
present positions.
In connection with the County Clerk's '
office, it has (fnne out that Charles F. Cur
ry will swine a ereat big ax the Ist of De
cember and a number of clerks who were
indifferent workers in his campaign for
Secretary of State will be decapitated.
The same rumor carries with It a report
that Charlie Clear ami Private Secretary
Jackson are groins: to Sacramento with
the Secretary of State-elect.
About 300 attorneys are after the four
positions as Prosecuting: Attorneys in the
Police Courts. Pools are being made that
Judtre C. A. Low is n sure winner for one
of these places. Jude-e H. L. Joachimsen
also wants one. Other leading aspirants
are W. J. GavJsran. J. A. Spinetti. who
bolted the ommittee of One Hundred
ticket: William Madden, and many
other?.
Sheriff-elect Henry Martin has a splen
did array of legal talent from which to i
choose an adviser. T. D. Riordan. John !
Ohretian and Colonel H. I. Kowalsky are
anxious and willing: to supply advice on
the knotty questions which confront the
Sheriff. Dave Martin, now clerk of Judge j
Borden's court, is slated for Under '
Sheriff, and Ben Jones is to be chief
jailer. William Daley. John McGlnnle,
"William Lowe and John Gleeson expect
to wear deputies' bade^<- after January 1.
P. J. Prendegast. secretary of the Re
publican County Committee, is to have
a Superior Court clerkship. Phil Has
kins. George McComb and J. Gleeson ex
pect to retain their positions as clerks in
the Police Court. Oscar idle, Ben Solo
man and B. Martin, clerks in the Su
perior Court, also expect to be retained.
Tax Collector Sheehan has decided to
appoint J. W. McCabe chief deputy and
Michael Sullivan casiner. Harry Baehr,
Charles Corey, Max Washauer and Ell
Landry are after the chief deputyship
under Recorder Berthier, and one of the
three will pet it.
Following are three late replies to the
query sent to legislators some days ago
concerning eir attitude on the ratifica
tion of the charter:
ALAMEDA, Nov. 22
Editor Call— l have reached the con
clusion that the charter, while it is not
as good as it ought to be. is better than
the existing organic law of San Francis
co, and, therefore, I will vote for its rati
fication. E. K. TAYLOR.
Senator-elect Twenty-eighth District.
MERIDIAN. Nov. 22.
Editor Call— l am in full accord with
the people of San Francisco and am earn
estly in favor of the ratification of the
San Francisco charter C. G. RAUB,
Assemblyman Eighth District.
YOUNTVILLE. Nov. 22.
Editor Call— l could not oppose a charter
adopted by the people of San Francisco,
even though it did not suit me entirely.
C. L. LA RUE,
Senator Seventh District.
AT GLEN PARK.
Thanksgiving Day Programme at
th.» ?££olax Mission Resort.
Amomtr the principal attractions at
Glen Park, the Mission Zoo, on Thanks
giving day, will be the rifle shooting by
Dillian Smith, the champion rifle shot
of the -world; a balloon ascension and
parachute jump, and an exceptionally
fine vaudeville performance.
A Mammoth Vaudeville Amphi
theater has been constructed and the
vaudeville performances will be held
in it in future. The large rustic
cafe is finished, and will be opened for
the first time on Thanksgiving day
Other improvements are in course of
construction at Glen Park, and no ex
pense is being spared to make this Mis
sion resort one of the most popular
private outdoor nlaces of amusement
on the coast.
Accused of Perjury.
A warrant was sworn out yesterday in
Judge Low's court for the arrest of Mrs.
Bophie Bauer, owner of a ranch on the
Mission road, on the charge of perjury.
Bhe Is accused of making false statements
regarding the estate ot her husband, who
Cled about seven years ago.
CHICAGO'S WAR
ON SILK SKIRTS
San Francisco Ladies Say It Is Not
Likely to Be Taken Up
Here.
EFFETE Chicago has raised Its voice against the wearing of silk
petticoats, and that article of feminine apparel is doomed— in the
Windy City at least. It seems that a woman's club in Atlanta
sounded the first note of protest against the "frou-frou" of the dainty
undergarment and the cry was quickly taken up in Chicago.
It appears that the swish of skirts is exceedingly trying to the
nerves of those who have to listen to them and even the pulpit and
stage or that part of the profession commonly termed the "front of
the house," have joined forces in the crusade against the offending
garment. It is asserted that members of congregation or audience
who have reached their seats in good season are distracted by late ar
riving silk-skirted ladies sailing grandly down the aisles. To the
average male Chicagoan, who seeks the church for a quiet hour to
figure on the price of pork, all such worldly sounds must indeed prove
distracting, but in other places where religion is not mixed with busi
ness, like whisky with quinine, there is small probability of any out
cry being made against the wearing apparel of the dear girls.
At least there is little or no danger of San Francisco joining in the
crusade, and if it did it would in all probability prove a failure, for
San Francisco women wear just what they fancy and their tastes are
more than pleasing to the men. A number of the most prominent
members of the fashionable set were visited yesterday for the purpose
of obtaining their opinion on the Chicago uprising, and the probabil
ity of its reaching San Francisco. Some of the ladies declined to dis
cuss the mat'- at all, others merely smiled and called the whole affair
absurd, while same declared there was no likelihood whatever of San
Francisco agitating the question, and if it did it would not accom
plish its purpi 3e. The ladies would wear silk skirts if they wanted to,
but really they are rapidly going out of fashion.
MAX POPPER
CHASTISED
BY CORBETT
Slapped on the Face
for Backbiting.
THE INDIGNITY UNRESENTED
MAKES HIS ESCAPE AFTER THE
PUNISHMENT.
Gentleman Jim's Brother Frank's
First Attempt at Pugilism.
The Beal Cause of the
Assault.
There were two Corbett fights yester
day, one in New York and a local one
right in San Francisco. Frank Corbett,
a brother of Jim, dealt "Maximilian"
Popper the hardest blow he has received
this year; in vet it was more severe
than the shock he received when he
learned that his pet nominees for Super
visors were defeated on November 8.
The trouble all arose from Maximilian's
long tongue. Yesterday afternoon about
4 o'clock Frank Corbett met Popper on
Market street, near the Phelan building.
Stepping up to him he told him that he
would like to talk to him, and after a
short and animated conversation Corbett
landed a right swing on Popper's face.
Popper was staggered for a second by the
blow, but evidently thinkrng discretion the
better part of valor he hurried down the
street, vehemently asserting that the
chastisement was unwarranted.
Frank Corbett was very willing to give
his side of the story. "I am very sorry
the thing happened," he said, "but I was
compelled to do what I did to teach Pop
per not to talk about people behind their
backs. The trouble arose through
per saying some very disrespectful things
about "me just because he heard that I
might go out to the City Hall after the
first of the year in an office different from
that where lam now employed. I met
Popper on the street to-day for the first
time since I heard he was 'knocking' me,
and stepped up to him and accused him
of the trick. He denied that he had ever
said anything about me, but I called him
a liar and just slapped his face, only hop
ing that he would retaliate; but I am sor
ry to say he refused to take It up.
think I have taught him a lesson, and I
POPPER LEMS THE CORBETI BLOW
do not think he will talk about me in the
future." m ..
Max Popper was seen soon after the
trouble and said he had nothing to say
about the affair. He denied that he had
spoken disrespectfully of Corbett at any
time. _ _________^_
I.urline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkin sts. Swimming. Ku^ian. hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct Jrom ocean
To Guard Against Pests.
Alexander Craw of the State Horticul
tural Society will attend the State con
vention of fruit growers, which meets in
Fresno on the 30th inst. He has several
important papers which he will read upon
the subject of orchard pests. Tree pests
of all kinds will be freely discussed with a
view of keeping out any destructive in
sects that may be brought from the,
newly acquired territory of this country.
The present laws are believed to be in
sufficient for the protection of the or
chards of this country, as attempts might
be made to bring infected plants from the
Philippines and Cuba.
Anakesis cures piles, nothing else.
Sample free. Addr. Anakesis, New York.*
Wills Filed for Probate.
The -will of Robert Zeile, who died on
the 16th inst.. was filed for probate yes
day. The exact value of the estate of
the deceased is not known, but it will
exceed moaoo. The testator makes small
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1898.
bequests to friends and relatives, the res
idue of the estate going to the children
of John Zeile, a brother of the deceased,
Frederick W., Edward. Eugene, John and
Henrietta Zeile, Tillie Wolf and Lottie
Speyer.
The will of Frederick Hackmann be
queaths an estate valued at $850 to the
ASSEMBLYMAN-ELECT C. M. BELSHAW.
children of a brother, Johann Hackmann,
who resides in Grohn, Germany. The tes
tator cuts his wife off with a bequest of
$1. stating that he fails to further pro
vide for her because she drove him from
his home, always treated him cruelly and
did not care for him when he was ill.
Jean Esperance, who died oq the 16th
inst., bequeaths, in his will filed yester
day, $100 to Germaine Esperance, a niece,
and the residue of a $500 estate to Antone
Esperance, a brother, who resides in San
Ardo, Monterey County.
Still in the Field.
The German Democratic Central Club
held a meeting at Pythian Castle Mon
day evening and made a fairly, good
showing. The members are not daunted
by the late Republican landslide and are
already preparing fcr the next campaign.
Speeches were made by Hugo K. Asher,
F. Schilling, Lr. M. Magnus, M. Green
blatt and others.
A Country Without Paupers.
G. B. Benham will address the mass
meeting under the auspices of Liberty
Branch of the Socialist Labor party in
the Turk street Temple to-night. His
subject will be "Peru Before the Con
quest — a Country With Neither Paupers
nor Capitalists." The lecture will be
illustrated with stereopticon views.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HS+B+E+e+H+H+H+H+'H+H+H+S+H+E+E+n+B+H+B+ll+BH
Latest News From
Devils Island
LJ Cy 11 c> JLoldllU'*
The Special Envoy cf the Paris Matin, in his detailed re-
port (Oct. 28, . \ 898) , of is visit to ex-Captain Dreyfus, gives the
list of "Little Wan s" which the prisoner sends !in monthly to
civilization, among which was a r quest for
2 bottles Hnnyadi JAnos
Natural Aperient Water.  :.. ... ..? ■.::.'.'.._
This proves that, althcugh cut off from civilization for 4
years, the ex-Captain still remembered the name of ,
The Best Natural Laxative Water.
H. E. WRIGHT
SCORES STILL
ANOTHER POINT
C. M. Belshaw With
draws in His Favor.
THE SPEAKERSHIP CONTEST
THERE WILL BE NO FURTHER
OPPOSITION.
practically the Entire Vote of the
Assembly Pledged to Alameda
County's Favorite
Son.
Another chapter has been added to
the somewhat one-sided contest for
the Speakership of the next Assembly.
Yesterday Assemblyman-e!ect Charles
M. Belshaw of Antioch, Contra Costa
County, withdrew from the contest in
favor of Howard E. Wright of Berke
ley.
The withdrawal of Mr. Belshaw sets
at rest any doubt that may have ex
isted as to the success of Mr. Wright's
candidacy, and as the case now stands
practically the entire membership of
the Assembly is pledged to the support
of Alameda County's favorite son.
Mr. Belshaw's claim for the honor of
being named as Speaker of the next
Assembly was based on the fact that
he had served as a member of that body
during two successive terms, his record
being such that he was again re-elected
at the election held on November 8.
When asked yesterday for his reasons
for withdrawing his candidacy for the
Speakership he said:
"I announced my candidacy for the
Speakership soon after the election,
and since then have received assur
ances of support from friends in many
parts of the State. To-day I decided to
withdraw in favor of Howard E.
Wright of Berkeley, believing that by
so doing I will serve the best interests
of the community at large. It is im
portant that the business of the coming
session of the Legislature should not
be hampered or retarded In any way
by personal contests. I served with Mr.
Wright during the last session of the
Legislature, and I know him to be a
man in whose hands the duties of
Speaker may well be trusted. He is
not only competent to discharge these
duties, but he has the trust and respect
of all who know him — a condition that
will have a very marked effect on the
manner in which the business of the
Assembly will be transacted.
"It is also due to Alameda County
that she should have this recognition
for one of her representatives. Ala
meda is the banner Republican county
WELLS-FARGO CASE
CROPS UP AGAIN
Attorney General Will Apply to the Superior
Court To-Day lor a Writ ol Mandamus.
ATTORNEY GENERAL FITZGERALD is determined to press his case
against Wells, Fargo & Co. and compel that highly patriotic corpora
tion to pay its share of the war tax if there be a court in the land
which will uphold him. The story of the fight against the corporation
has already been told.
Suit was first brought in the Justices' court and a decision against the
express company was given, but that concern continued to extort the tax
from its patrons. Mr. Fitzgerald then applied to the State Supreme Court
for a writ of mandate compelling Wells, Fargo & Co., as a common carrier,
to stamp its bills of lading in accordance with the law. This application
was denied on the ground that the showing made was not sufficient to
warrant that court in issuing the writ. The Superior Court was pointed out
as the proper tribunal to handle the case. v
Mr. Fitzgerald is in the fight to stay. The papers are all drawn up and
will be presented to-day. In speaking of the case M. Fitzgerald said: "I
fully intended bringing this matter before the Superior Court at once, al
though I think it almost useless. If the court issues the writ I am confi
dent the case will be taken into the United States Courts. As decisions
have already been handed down in the lower courts and the whole thing
has been taken to the Supreme Court of the United States and advanced on
the calendar there will be a decision from that tribunal long before our case
here could be reached.
"I will not pay any attention to that litigation, however, as I have my
own views and intend presenting them to the court. The case has many in
teresting phases and I do not intend letting it slip through my fingers."
Mr. Fitzgerald was informed that newspapers are not required to affix
stamps to the receipts before packages are dispatched, and was asked for
an explanation for this discrimination. "Well, I can see but one explana
tion." he said. "This fight was started by the newspapers, and I suppose
the company thinks it can muzzle the press by showing a little favoritism.
I know that private individuals are still required to pay Wells, Fargo &
Co.'s share of the tax, and presume they will be until the highest court in
the land brings the corporation to time."
of the State, and it is right and proper
that her representative should be the
leader of one branch of the Legislature.
I know that the selection of Mr. Wright
as Speaker will meet the approval of all
good citizens. For this and the other
reasons that I have enumerated I feel
that I can best serve my constituents
by promoting his candidacy."
Mr. Belshaw's intimate knowledge of
legislative work is so well known that
since his withdrawal from the Sneaker
ship contest became known his friends
have signified their intention of urging
him to seek the position of Speaker pro
tern. This is a responsible position and
requires the exercise of abilities of a
high order.
ELKS' MEMORIAL FOR
. THOSE WHO PASSED AWAY
BEAUTIFUL SERVICE TO BE
HELD IN THE CALIFORNIA.
It Will Be by the Membership of San
Francisco Lodge No. 3 and
Will Be Most Impressive,
San Francisco Lodge No. 3, Protective
Benevolent Order of Elks, the lodge that
has been recognized by the highest au
thority of the order, as the representa
tive subordinate for San Francisco, is
actively engaged at this time preparing
for the memorial exercises to be held in
the California Theater on the afternoon
of December 4.
Annually this lodge holds a service of
this kind in memory of its members who
have been summoned to appear before
the Most Exalted Ruler above, and it Is
one that is marked for its impressiveness
and the excellence of its exercises. So
desirous are the people who are fortunate
enough to be acquainted with members of
the lodge to secure tickets of admission
that the number of cards had to be limit
ed to the seating capacity of the theater
in which the exercises are to be held.
This year but six cards of admission will
be Issued to each member.
The committee of arrangements, con
sisting of F. E. Beck (chairman), J. H.
Wood (secretary). T. F. Bonnet, S. B.
Carleton, A. J. Carmany. T. E. Dunne,
Thomas O. Heydenfeldt, D. C. Martin, J.
N. Odell and Dr. W. H. Seiberst, has pre
pared a splendid programme, musical and
literary. There will be an invocation by
Rev. Father Wyman of the Paulist Fa
thers; eulogy by Fletcher A. Cutler, a
member of the lodge; "In Memoriam,"
by Judge Frank J. Murasky; oration by
General W. H. L. Barnes, also a member
of the lodge, and the benediction by Rev.
John A. Emery, rector of the Church of
the Advent (Episcopal). Music will be
furnished by Professor Stark and the
double quartet of the Temple Emanu-El,
by the Masonic quartet. Miss Ida Valer
ga Miss Tillie Morrisey, the only lady
Elk in San Francisco; W. B. Thomas,
Rhys Thomas, a member of the lodge,
and Professor Weiss and two others, who
will give a cello trio. The orchestra will
be under the direction of Professor
Schmitz, leader of the Columbia Theater
orchestra, and Professor Sabln will pre
side at the organ.
It is expected that the service this year
will excel the beautiful one given the year
before.
BAZAAB FOR CHARITY.
Will Be Held at Mechanics' Pavilion
During the Month of De
cember.
A second meeting of the committee in
charge of the Charity Bazar and Califor
nia grand musical contest was held
yesterday afternoon. A number of the
charitable organizations of this city were
represented, but to those which were not
! notices will be sent that they must re
i spend before Friday if they expect to as
i sist the bazaar. The space is rapidly be
i ing taken- up and the affair will be a great
| success. It will open on December
1 at Mechanics' Pavilion and close during
I the latter part of the month. Those who
cell wares and goods are to contribute
one-tenth of their gross sales to charity
and many prominent merchants of lue
city have already signed for an immense
area of space and expect to turn quite a
sum over to the ladies at the end of the
The musical contest will be one of the
most prominent features of the bazaar.
Mayor Pheian has offered a prize of
$1500 to the best string or military band
composed of no less than fifty nieces.
The contestants for this prize are not
confined to the limits of this State only,
but will be permitted to enter from any
other city on the globe. Another promi
nent musical feature will be the appear
ance of the Ladies' Orchestra, conducted
by Miss. Nina de St. Hubert. A string
orchestra under the direction of Noah
Brandt will render concert selections
every afternoon and evening. The orches
tras will be seated in the western end of
the building, and will be protected from
the din and noise rising from the body of
the building. Those who have already
offered their services are: Mme. Emilia
Tniptti Mmc Ida \aJerga, Mrs. Isoan
lAndC Caroline Spinriler* David Man-
Uovd F U Ziliani and chorus, Pearl and
Maud Noble R. A. Luchessi, Professor
Samuel Adcls'tein and mandolin club. Hugo
Mansfeldt Miss Gertrude Judd. Mme.
Fabbri Mull". May F. Cook, S Fachutar
and mandolin orchestra Martin Sehultz
and Mrs. Karl Formes and ladles chorus.
There will be prizes offered for the best
professional violin soloist, best profes
sional piano soloist, best amateur violin
soloist, best amateur piano soloist, best
amateur string or military band, best cor
net soloist, best fancy drummer and best
juvenile violinist or pianist. Judges wil
be chosen from the prominent musical
talent and critics of San Francisco.
A Footpad Behind the Bars.
John Sweeney was arrested yesterday
by Officers Furlong and McGovern on
a charge of assault with intent to com
mit robbery. John Schmidt is the com
plaining witness. He told the officers
that Sweeney met him on Pacific street
and asked for money, and that when his
demand was refused he struck Schmidt a
violent blow in the face and knocked him
down. The footpad then began searching
the pockets of his victim, but was fright
ened away by the approach of the offi
cers. When they heard Schmidt's story
they went in search of Sweeney and
found him two hours later drunk.
CLOSING THE NEVILLS CASE
Heel B. Terry Begins Building a
Structure to Support the Pros
ecution's Contentions.
Reel B. Terry opened the argument for
.the prosecution in the Williams-Loose
'Azhderian extortion case yesterday aft
ernoon. The morning session of the trial
was occupied in the further examination
of Mrs. Williams, one of the defendants,
and Captain Nevills, whose complaint led
to the arrest of the trio of alleged black
mailers. No additional facts of material
weight were drawn from the witnesses.
The argument advanced by Terry was
both critical and analytical. The char
acteristics and oersonalities of the de
fendants received a severe grilling and
the mass of testimony was segregated
piece by piece and placed in the structure
the prosecution is building to support its
theory. The case goes on to-day.
The Brown Murder Case.
Albert Bierwirth, proprietor of the
Globe lodging-house. 821 Howard street,
was arraigned in Judge Conlan's court
yesterday on the charge of murdering
Arthur F. Brown last Sunday night. The
case was continued until November 28,
and in the meantime the inquest will be
held. May Bennett was by order of the
court detained as a witness.
Sues for Big Damages.
Mary Flaherty filed suit yesterday on
behalf of herself and minor children
against the San Francisco and San Ma
teo Electric Railway Company to recover
$50 000 damages for the death of Simon
Flaherty, plaintiffs husband. Flaherty
was run intc and killed by one of defend
ant's cars at Eighteenth and Church
streets on September 2 last.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _•_ - .-.-.-.-^ -J.
m Everything in Msn's and Boys' Clothing _J
jww "The man who whispers '*N
ZL down a well flW 1
WM About the goods he has ■- »,^
T» ; to sell, . jK
ML Won't reap the gleaming mm
KM golden dollars, r JF
A Like one who climbs a w\
flj ;■■,.. tree and hollers." . %V •
V We Shall/
Endeavor
To Apply the Above Principle
To a particularly fine holiday line
/^^ of Men's $15.00 Suits that are in every
Rjy way the best suits for the money we
Y^~f have sold since we have been in busi-
j*l£jfo\. ness. Included are many swell, new
/&£sis£msPt\ winter blue serges, in round-corner sacks
■^xlll nSff^iWMi anc * double-breasted sacks, black and
«gfj'B:i:r m|[J^ blue clay worsteds and a great variety
ff>lp- f -^T l^U °* ' atest s h ac^ es i n cheviots. Making
jffV 'fff 7§fn^|7 altogether a very smart, dressy line of
...^^n... W^'^yMhuf^^^ winter garments, that can be worn in
'^//•"'j Sif r!j| ppT'/^ perfect comfort, with the feeling that
iiHiiiiiiAiiiiJHtlf' 1 """ 1 " 1 your tailor couldnlt do better for y° u in
;— jj— -J f lf? % ls ill p fit or style and that he couldn't possibly
g i x \+o9^ I .*^ have made a suit as good with- (ft-ip
/ wife HI *U in $12.00 of this price. The\|H
W Ml r»W Ft 1:11 'TT • • l flll|l
' price is, remember. .......... -
We want to "Holler," so that mothers can
Hear us, too !
It will be worth the while of every mother
in San Francisco to investigate our special offer- .. ;
ings this week in . our Children's Department. f^E*% A
Three choice specials as follows : \&Sy^jlJ
Beautiful Navy Blue Middy Suits, having { (Cf^ J^SmMS
elaborately braided collars of blue, red and white X<S" j/^§gjfX
soutache braid, besides natty little vest attach- A^y^^S'^^i^S
ments, every garment being elegantly /t»| mm A fT?j[\LmS2r
lined. From 3to 8 years, worth \ I I*l I L *l\\ 1/ ,1
$3.00 , «?!•■«/ Up I .MyO
The new fall Reefers are beauties — is, -M y \\) VI
ours are — simply stunning. Double-breasted, ~"i\,\\ ■■'■'\^^"~"~\
deep sailor collars, in navy blue, Scotches and l W s -jj^! M ' ~T* '
brown effects, ages 4to 10 years — /t»| mm \f/^W-^
although selling regularly at $3.00, \ I iS W//
made a special this week at V** ■ " — Jtk/ \)
Josie Suits for the larger — with rolling cy
collars," in same effects as the 4to 10 /t»| mm /
Reefers, are the third of the triplet of \t Ir^ /
bargains at . . . . ... ., .'. . . **•■ V. /
S. N. Wood & Go.,
718 Market Street, S. F*
AMATEURS ESSAY
BULWER LYTTON'S
GREATEST DRAMA
Creditable Production
of "Richelieu."
EXCEPTIONALLY GOOD CAST
PRESENTED BY THE GENTLE
MEN'S SODALITY.
Many Representative Catholic Cler
gymen Enjoy the Performance
Given for the Benefit of the
Francesca Relief Society.
Lord Lytton's masterpiece "Richelieu"
■was presented last evening at St. Igna
tius Hall by the Gentlemen's Sodality
before a large and appreciative audience.
Probably for the first time in the history
of amateur theatrical efforts In the city
the piece was played with success and
merit. From the roll of the curtain oa
the initial scene until the final words in
the Immortal .drama was spoken the in
terpretation of the various characters
was unusually good, reflecting much
credit on those who impersonated them.
The role of the Cardinal was played by
Frank P. Haynes. To his ability and
unusual talent is due principally the sig
nal success of the production. Probably
there is no character in modern or ancient
historical drama that is more severely
criticized than that of Richelieu. Few
men succeed in the attempt to portray it
as the writer has written it. The crafti
ness, the designing and cruel nature, the
conditional liberality and the passion of
the greatest Frenchman of the seven
teenth century was portrayed last even
ing with a certain trueness that would
have reflected merit on the efforts or
many professional actors.
Adrien de Mauprat, as impersonated by
Thomas W. Hickey, was also good and
deserves special praise. Every gesture
and every word uttered marked the re
sult of hard and painstaking study. Bar
adas as presented by William Ogilvle
was above the ordinary, as was also the
other principal characters in the play.
The production was under the special
and immediate direction of George M.
Hermance and was for the benefit of the
Francesca Relief Society.
The complete cast is as follows:
Cardinal Richelieu, Minister of France.
Frank P. Haynes; Adrien de Mauprat,
chevalier of France, Thomas W. Hickey;
Baradas, favorite of the King, William
Ogilvie; Louis XIII, King of France, Will
iam Wallace; Gaston, Duke of Orleans,
brother to Louis XIII, J. L. Mulrennan;
Sieur de Beringhen, in- attendance on the
king, one of the conspirators, G. C. Fox;
Joseph, a friar— confidant of Richelieu,
Charles A. Sweigert; Huguet, an officer
of Richelieu's Guards, a spy, J. L. A.Jau
nette; Francois, first page to Richelieu,
D Edward Hanlon; Julian de Mortamar,
orphan and ward of Richelieu, Master W.
I Lonergan; Duke de Lorme, a spy in
Richelieu s service, Frank Meaney; Cler
mont, a courtier of Louis XIII, John J.
Cunningham; Governor of the Bastile.
John Sullivan; gaoler, R. I. Longabaugh:
first page. Master John Kane; second
page, Master Harry Lonergan; first secre
tary. Frank Meaney; second secretary,
Ed F. Cooney; courtiers, pages, conspira
tors, etc.
In the audience, occupying the front
seats of the orchestra, were the priests of
the Jesuit College and representative
Catholic clergymen from many of the
principal parishes throughout the city.
56
W BDNESftAY NOVEMBER 23, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor
Address All CommunicatioMj ; oJ/V ; J3 ; J^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. ?.
Telephone Malfi 186 S.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Stre«t
Telephone Main 1874.
THE RAIN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY! Is
eerved by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; p«r montb
6t> cent*. ________
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1-60
OAKLAND OFFICE *» Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Bui!d!n_
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representatlr-.
WASHINGTON <». C.) OFFICE R«_ft« Hon««
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette BulMln.
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 62' McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock-
WAI Mission street, open until 10 o'clock.. 2291 Market
street corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
•treet. open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street. op«n
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-MC«i»« •**•
K<ntucK> street*, open until 9 o'clock ___
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "Northern Lights."
Columbia— "At Gay Coney Island-
Baldwin— "Secret Service."
Alcazar— "lmagination."
Tlvoli- Zuzotte.
Morosco's— "ln Sight of St. Paul's."
Orpheum —Vaudeville.
Comedy— "Cyrano de Bergerac."
The Chutes— Gorilla Man. Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olympia - Corner Mason and Ed. 1 Streets. Specialties
Glen Park- Mission Zoo. performance Thanksgiving Day.
Sutro's Bath Swimming.
Ingleside Track— Races To-day.
Rosenthal — Coming In December.
AUCTION SALES.
By Wm. G. Layng— Wednesday evening. November 23,
Thoroughbred Horses, at 721 Howard street.
BODLY MANAGED SCHOOLS.
IX his annual report. School Superintendent Web
ster notes the interesting fact that between the
years 1806 and 1898 the cost of maintaining the
schools of this city increased from $32 43 per pupil
in the former year to $37 58 in the latter. In other
words, the expense of maintaining the School Depart
ment has jumped $5 per pupil in the short space of
two years, or at the rate of $2 50 per year. During the
period of two years the number of teachers has in
creased 143, while the increased attendance amounts
only to 1608. The payroll of teachers has increased
$93,412 since 1896.
These figures indicate that the management of the
schools of San Francisco has simply become
wretched. Every Board of Education during the
past five years has contributed to this result, and it
will not do to place all the blame upon the present
combination of politicians who are running the de
partment. The fact of the matter is, the schools are
in politics, and so long as they remain in it will be
impossible to effect a change.
. The pressure on each successive Board of Education
to make places for teachers is enormous, and Direct
ors seek their offices for the sole purpose of increasing
the payroll. Some years ago the Supreme Court de
cided that the board could not dispense with the
. services of a teacher without cause. Hence the an
nual habit of dismissing large numbers of them and
filing their places with favorites had to be dispensed
with. As a substitute, the Directors have simply
added to the number without providing work for
them to do.
Under the new charter it is thought the department
will be taken out of politics. The Mayor will appoint
a Board of Education, which will practically be con
tinuous in office; that is to say. the terms of the mem
bers will expire alternately. One of the first duties
of this board will be the complete annihilation of the
present system. Exactly how the work will be done
cannot be foreshadowed; but that the public will de
mand a decrease in the expenses of the department
of from 10 to 20 per cent goes without saying.
If the present system should continue for a while
Irnger it would swamp the taxpayers.
BARE FIST POLITICS.
TWO Alameda politicians have just had a six
round contest with bare knuckles, their object
being to settle some mooted question which the
campaign did not seem to have adjusted satisfactorily.
Whether the disputed point is any clearer now is not
certain, but both of the fighters were bruised and one
of them was licked. Out of evil may come good.
Perhaps the plan is not so bad as it seems at first
glance. Every campaign is marked by more or less
bickering and punctuated by the dull thud of the hos
tile ward-workers fist. This tends to make of the
polls a place of disorder, unpleasant for the quiet
citizen who prefers not to hit nor be hit, nor yet a
wit. less in the Police Court. If the scrappers would
consent to deter their scrapping until after the count
ing of the ballots and then retire to a secluded barn,
there to arrive at conclusions, the public weal would
be promoted.
To be sure, there is a law against fighting; but as
nobody pays any attention to it and husky tribes of
pugilists make a business of defying it. while the
world looks on and bets, there is no reason why a
politician who knows his enemy needs thumping and
who in all probability needs thumping himself should
be denied the privilege of getting into the ring and
being knocked out of it.
REFORMER DELONY.
WHEN a public official has a large yearning to
elevate the morals of his fellow-men; when he
begs nis colleagues to stand by him and gets
from them that which is known in political purity
circles as the "trim down," the case is a sad one. It
causes us to ask anew, "Whither are we drifting?"
and once more to view with alarm.
Supervisor Delany, his heart swelled with appre
hension for the public good, his pocket possibly
lightened through having tried to wipe out gambling
b> tackling it in its lair, sought to deal it a statutory
death-blow, and the blow lias glanced. People still
gamble. They buy chips and squander them. They
buy pasteboards from a poolseller, and a little later,
looking at these scraps ruefully, toss them into the
gutter. In fact, they refuse to know when they are
well off or to recognize the sincere and saintly ardor
of the man who would clear temptation from their
paths so as to enable them to save their money for
bread and potatoes. It isn't right to give Delany the
laugh, while to offer to lay wagers that he has been
making a bluff is little short of crime.
,vUtah made a mistake in sending a polygamist to
Congress. That body is not perfect, but it is a stick
ler for appearances.
I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 23, IS9B.
THESE CUMBER THE EARTH-
IF there is any specimen of the human race who is
useless and annoying he is the pugilist. The aver
age prize-fighter has no redeeming traits. He will
not even fight. If he were sincere in his protestations
of desire to match his prowess against that of others
of his kind much might be forgiven him. But he is
above all else a liar and a fraud. He has no wish to
enter a contest on his physical merits. When he goes
into the ring it is with the understanding that he is
to win or that he is to lose, and the purse has been
divided in advance.
We do not wish to defend prize-fighting, even if it
were to be conducted fairly. At the best it would be a
miserable business, without legitimate excuse. For
a man to have a fair knowledge of the art of self
defense is not a bad idea. If he never has occasion
to call his ability into active demonstration, there is
health in the necessary exercise. But the man who
makes a business of "fighting" is of necessity a brute,
and by rapid gradations becomes a swindler. The
average '"pug" is by instinct a vagrant and a tramp.
He will not work. Criminals are his associates. He
is willing to be defeated if he can secure a share of
the gate receipts. He ought to be in jail or breaking
rock on the highway.
If recollection is not at fault, Sullivan was the only
decent fighter this country has had in recent years,
and the only element of decency about him was that
he was ready to meet any foe and put up the best bat
tle he could. Corbett met and defeated him. In those
days Corbett was a giant in strength and a marvel of
agility, graceful as a leopard and like a lion for cour
age. He had not learned the tricks of the ignoble
trade. To-day Corbett is a wreck of his former self.
Sharkey, a simian-browed deck-scrubber, never
fought a fair fight and never will. They are a pair of
fakers, and they are as good as the best.
That a pair of rowdies, ready to swindle the public.
should be capable of attracting so much attention is
a disgrace to the nation. Everybody knew in advance
that the contest would be a sham. Everybody rea
lized that even if not a sham it was a matter of no
more consequence than a bar-room brawl. Yet from
sea to sea the public flocked to the bulletin boards,
and in every city the poolsellers made unholy money.
The ideal prize-fight is yet to occur. Occasionally
a pugilist is killed in the ring, which is a good thing
so far as it goes. In the ideal prize-fight a Corbett
and a Sharkey will exchange mutually fatal blows.
Perhaps Sharkey can whip Corbett; perhaps not. In
any event, no matter. The women who quarrel across
the alley fence and are ultimately led into the Police
Court to explain are of more consequence.
We favor an utter suppression of prize-fighting, the
conviction of every pugilist as a vagrant. They would
be bad enough if honest. As a set of confidence-men
they utterly exhaust the patience. Morally they rank
with the purveyors of gold bricks. That they should
be petted and pampered and tolerated by the police is
a reflection on the common intelligence.
THE EFFECT OF CARTOONS.
A CORRESPONDENT of the New York Times,
who claims to be a social philosopher as well
as a student of politics, has reached the con
clusion that the election of Theodore Roosevelt was
due to the cartoons of the Democratic press repre
senting him as a wild, ranting cowboy, riding a buck
ing broncho, loaded up with whisky and bowie-knives
and waving pistols and lariats around his head in
promiscuous confusion.
His argument is that these cartoons had no effect
upon any one except young men who had just come
of age. Fresh from their youthful reading of Dead
wood Dick, Red-Handed Bill, the Bandit of Bloody
Gulch, and other thrilling tales of a like character,
the cartoons appealed to their love of adventure.
Their excited imaginations saw in Roosevelt the ideal
fighter from the headwaters of Bitter Creek, and
every one of them worked for him, shouted for him
and voted for him.
From the standpoint of this view of the effect of
cartoons it might be argued that the election of Gage
in this State was due to the votes of barbers and bald
headed men. The pictures of the Republican candi
date with a mass of hair waving above him like a
sunburst of luminous beams above a mountain-top
must have appealed to every barber who wished a job
of hair-cutting and to every man with a billiard-ball
cranium who wished for hair to cover it.
Possibly also the great Republican victory of 1896
may have been due to that cartoon representing Mark
Hanna in a suit of clothes spangled all over with dol
lar-marks. In those hard times, when every man was in
need of money, many an impecunious cuss must have
felt strongly attracted to this citizen, who, starting
with nothing, had become so rich that he not only had
his pockets full of coin but could wear hundred-dollar
checks on his trousers and his coat. To many a voter
that picture must have seemed a representation of the
ideal American, and they voted for him because he
looked like an image of prosperity on a monument
smiling at poverty.
Imagination reels in an attempt to depict what a
dizzy landslide of votes would occur if the next time
Belva Lockwood or any of her sister suffragists runs
for the Presidency she should be depicted as a ballet
dancer tickling the jocund earth with one pirouetting
toe while its light fantastic fellow pointed to the
eternal stars. There would be no stopping either the
young voters or the old boys. Youth would be fired
and age enraptured. The country would be very
nearly unanimous.
The conclusion of the whole matter is that the car
toon is a boomerang. It is as likely to come back as
to go forward. The grave and serious American is,
after all, the most humorous of men, and there is no
telling how a picture may appeal to him. It pleases
him to depict his revered Uncle Sam not as an up-to
date man of the world, as he is, but as a clock
peddling Yankee of a hundred years ago. So it
seems the American not only likes caricatures but
likes the men who are caricatured. At any rate, the
effect of a cartoon is clearly one of the things "you
can't most always sometimes tell."
While boys are prone to get into mischief, there is
nothing to show that one of them, for playing on the
sidewalks, merits the severe punishment of being
killed. The tipping over of a box of goods resulting
in the death of a lad was a sad affair. Possibly the
victim had no business there; yet the sidewalks are
provided for people rather than for the storage of
merchandise, and if merchandise is to be piled there,
certainly the fashion of piling .so as to produce fatal
ities should be rigidly discouraged.
It is worth while finding out the brutal wretch who
sent a dead babe to the garbage crematory. He or
she deserves to be sent to one of the repositories
society has provided for human garbage. .;
— ; •- — —.-,.- . ,
Uncle Sam has sent some more last words to Spain.
By preserving them all, Spain can at least emerge
from the difficulty with an album of wisdom.
- * '" .
For killing a footpad .in Mexico an American has
been held , six months in jail but if he had riot killed
; the footpad he himself would have been dead yet.
'■ ■ ;■■- ... ■;■.--■■■■"■• ■
WORSE WEATHER THON OURS.
OUR dry weather and fair skies this late in the
fall are not wholly pleasing to vs — even the
few showers that have fallen have not satisfied
vs — and the voice of the complainer is heard in the
land. Nevertheless, when reports are read of the
weather in the East it is probable the most dolorous of
Californians will comfort himself in- the sunny days
and rejoice that he is not smitten by the blasts that
rage beyond the Rockies.
The fall weather has been unusually severe over the
entire eastern portion of the country. Snowstorms
here and there and occasional blizzards were reported
as early as October, and now the winter seems to
have come down upon them in earnest. A cold wave,
accompanied by high winds and snow, starting from
the Rocky Mountains, has swept over the East and
carried suffering, destruction and death with it.
The sweep and range of the storm were enormous.
Beginning along the line of the mountains and ex
tending from Dakota to Texas, the blasts continued
with a scarcely mitigated severity across the conti
nent to New York and disappeared upon the Atlantic.
From every portion of that wide area come reports of
disaster. Hardly any locality north of Mason and
Dixon's line seems to have escaped the effect of the
wave.
So heavy was the snow that railroads were block
aded, and in some cities streetcars were stopped. The
telephone and telegraph service was crippled. Busi
ness was seriously interfered with and nearly all in
dustries more or less injured. Nor did the disaster
end with damage to property. Even in the large cities
persons were found frozen to death in the streets, and
there can be little doubt that when reports come in
from the rural districts it will be found that many
perished on the bleak prairies or the desolate plains
ever which the storm raged unchecked.
In comparison with the disasters of weather like
this the drought in California can hardly be accounted
a serious evil. The damage done to property by the
single blizzard that has opened the Eastern winter
has probably entailed a greater loss in one fierce
sweep than was inflicted upon California by tlie
drought during the whole season. Certainly, with
such reports from the East, we have no good reason
for complaining of our weather. Moreover, as the
winter comes in and progresses we shall have further
cause to be satisfied with California. Too many fair
dnys are, of course, not to be desired, but they are
better than too many blizzards.
FINANCIAL REFORM NECESSARY.
IT is well not to lose sight of the pledge of
financial reform and the immediate necessity for
its redemption. The measures have been well
digested, and the next Congress should lose no time
in their consideration.
The only way in which the case is to be closed
against the fiatists is by legislation. The need of a
better currency banking system than we have now is
felt at all times and in all conditions of trade. Of
course, its weakness is not so apparent in good times
as in bad; but that weakness is one of the causes of
bad times, and the system contributes nothing to
good times, which come in spite of it.
We have heretofore shown the complex nature of
our financial system* — a mosaic of emergency legisla
tion. It can best be reformed when the"re is no emer
gency. It began during the Civil War, when the
Government was driven to any and every expedient
in a struggle for its existence. The devices to which
a man resorts to avert destruction are never such as
he calmly adopts in promotion of his interests when
no danger is present. The same rule is true of na
tions, and yet we have adhered to expedients and
systems which were adopted to avert national death.
It is time to return to the ways of life in our finances.
The banking system proposed is largely that so
long known and successfully administered in Scotland
and in Canada. It contemplates the extinction of the
national debt and the end of using Government bonds
as the basis of a safe paper currency. It provides for
the gradual substitution of bank assets and the lia
bility of stockholders as the security of circulation
and, by arranging the taxation' of such currency on a
sliding scale, guards against inflation. The country
will never willingly return to State banks of issue.
The convenience of a national system, with its cur
rency of uniform value, will not be given up by the
peor-le. The new system* proposed is, therefore, na
tional, under constant authorized official oversight.
All the banks contribute a redemption fund to secure
the bills of any bank that may fail, and if this ever
prove insufficient the Government will assess all the
solvent banks to replenish it and keep the fund equal
to any demand upon it.
The system has every feature of security and adap
tation to the public needs that the soundest State
banking ever had; therefore the advocates of State
banks of issue cannot find a valid objection to it.
Those banks- issued a convenient paper currency,
which became a redeemable medium of exchange,
based upon bank assets.
If Indiana, New York, lowa and Illinois could suc
cessfully administer such a system, as they did before
the war, there is no valid reason why the Federal
Government should not do it now. The vast accu
mulation of experience in the running of a national
system also stands the Government in good stead, and
is reflected in the guarantees and security added in
the proposed change.
The great purpose of it is to put -the surplus loan
fund where the farmer and planter may have as cheap
'and easy access to it and as economical use of his
credit as the merchant or manufacturer. There is
some reason why there should be a difference in the
rate of interest between New York and Texas, but
there is no good reason why that difference should be
as. great as it is.
To approximate the rates of interest exacted for the
use of money and more nearly equalize it between the
trading and manufacturing centers and the producing
districts in the country is one of the great objects to
be accomplished by this legislation.
When the system is put in operation its existence
•will not depend upon the payment of the national
debt and consequent withdrawal of bonds, as is the
case with the present national banks.
A condemned murderer, sentenced to life imprison
ment in Canada, alleges as a plea for pardon that he
is an English Lord. It is not easy to see what bear
ing this has on the matter. If it have any at all it
should be in the direction of making the sentence
more severe, which obviously would be difficult.
Disinclination on the part of the courts to show
mercy to highbinders is a little late in putting in an
appearance. Highbinders are not particularly given
to mercy themselves. They deserve the judicial
hatchet.
An explanation of the hiring of Chinese for the
transport Arizona in the place of white men would be
listened to with interest and, receive reasonable con
sideration.
»
Keeley had the secret of making people with money
believe he had a secret.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Dr. H. H. Clark of Santa Cruz is at the
Russ. ? /;)■
J. E. Poingdestre, a San Jose mining
man, is at the Grand. .
Railroad Commissioner W. R. Clark is a
guest at the Baldwin.
Mr. and - Mrs. E. W. Runyon of Red
Bluff are at the Palace.
Fred Cox, a prominent Sacramento
banker, is at the Grand.
Albert M. Johnson and wife of Sacra
mento are at the California.
A. G. J'Estoile, a prominent Auburn
mine owner, is at the Grand.
Dwight Hollister, a well-known Court
land ranchman, is at the Grand.
William Currier, a prominent Portland
merchant, is a guest at the Lick.
A. N. Butts, a well-known mining man
of Angels, is at the Occidental.
' J. H. Wadsworth, a prominent banker of
Yreka, is a guest at the Baldwin.
Mr. and Mrs. George E. Goodman Jr. of
Napa are registered at the Palace.
<S><^3>^><^3><J><s><3><s><s> " People have
<$> no idea," said a
<g> Pullman car con-
ductor last night
*T in the Baldwin
® Hotel of the
extraordinary in
4> quisitiveness dis-
<s> THE
* INQUISITIVE
♦ PASSENGER.
♦ < $ >< §''€><^<§ i< § >< s > >< s > played by , pas
'."y^l~ sengers coming
out to this coast. I suppose it is the
same on all lines, but from Ogden to this
city on the Central Pacific the questions
that are asked with the expectation of
receiving an intelligent reply are so nu
merous and, to some extent, so absurd
that the answering of them all would
plant gray hairs in an ordinary mortal's
brain center. Passengers as a rule re
ally believe that trainmen are perfect
encyclopedias of knowledge, and I am
earnestly thinking of petitioning my su
periors to provide an information bureau
on my run.
"On my last trip to this city while we
were passing through Nevada the ques
tions asked were of the usual varied
assortment^ with some additions.. Of
course, my geographical education aided
me in answering such queries as
'What's the name of that river?' 'What
mountain is that?' and others, but when
some of the travelers want to know
'Whose house is that?' 'Do all those
children in the yard belong to that lady
who is waving her hand to us?' '.What
is that man's name and is he married?'
and many others of like tenor I gave the
task up as hopeless and turned my in
quiring friends over to the porter, who
began to wrestle with the situation after
casting a reproachful look on me.
"He sthuggled for about an hour and
was doing the best he knew how when
one of his interlocutors, a lady who had
been worrying him half to death,
said, 'What was the name of that sta
tion we just passed?"
"The porter replied, 'That was Orton,
ma'am; it's a deserted sheep station.'
" 'Well, don't we stop there?' said the
woman who had been pestering him.
" 'No, ma'am,' responded the patient
and long suffering darky, 'we don't even
hesitate.' "
W. T. Turner of the United States Geo
logical Survey is at the Occidental.
L. A. Bookson, a large fruit grower of
San Jose, is a guest at the Baldwin.
George A. Smith, an extensive ranch
man of Courtland, is at the Grand.
Mrs. O. Harvey and Miss Harvey of
Gait are at the Palace for the winter.
E. S. Thompson, a well-known Michigan
Bluffs mining man, is a late arrival at
the Russ.
F. W. Dohrmann, president of the Mer
chants' Association, has returned from his
trip to Honolulu.
Henry Barker and H. Buckman, exten
sive hop growers of Hopland, are regis
tered at the Russ.
Al Cooney, a well-known horseman, re
turned yesterday from a two weeks' stay
at Del Monte and is registered at the
Baldwin.
Late arrivals at the Occidental include
Rev. L. D. Mansfield and Rev. Dr. Wake
field, of San Jose, and Rev. C. S. Linds
ley of Sonora.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, Nov. 22.— George M. Mur
phy of San Francisco is at the Park Av
enue; L. F. Cockrof t «of San Francisco is
at the Netherland.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.— Mr. and Mrs.
Robert Chilton of San Francisco are in
Washington. A. T. Ballard of San Fran
cisco arrived In Washington to-day. Rep
resentative Hllborn is at the Hamilton.
William H. Murray of San Francisco, rep
resenting California Fruit Growers, is at
the Riggs House.
LOVE IN THE HEART MAKES
HOME.
Feathers and moss and a wisp of hay,
"A wonder," we say, and the wonder
grows.
Pressed round by a soft, plump breast.
With a leaf looped low 'gainst a rainy
day—
So the bird has fashioneS her nest.
As we study the curious thing,
'Twas love in the heart
That prompted the art
And sped the untiring wing.
Feathers and moss and a wisp of hay,
But the future looks rosy and bright;
With a bit put by for a rainy day,
Love makes every burden light.
"A wonder." we say, and the wonder
grows,
Or sunshine or storms may come,
Though but twigs and moss
Are latticed across, .
The love in the heart makes home.
—New York Dispatch.
IN THE BEST OF HTJMOR.
Mrs. Dearborn— Do you like long court-
S Mrs. "Wabash— O, yes; once in a while
I do.— Yonkers Statesman.
"What's the matter with Nora?"
"I secured her from that mutual-help
office, and she claims that I ought to do
half her work."— Chicago Record.
"If you pass your college examinations
I'll Pay all your debts."
"why, uncle, do you want me to work
for the benefit of my creditors?"—Flie
gende Blaetter.
"Why is marriage such a serious step,
I wonder?"
■ "Because you then come to a pass
where you can no longer go single file."—
Philadelphia Bulletin.
The fish that escapes the hook
Will never bite at it again,
But women go out to Dakota
And come back after other men.
— Cleveland Leader.
"To my notion the man who can turn
almost certain defeat into victory is de
serving of much admiration."
"Aw. I dunno. Flopping to the winning
side is not so much of a trick, if a man
knows the ropes." — Indianapolis Journal.
Temperance Man — I was glad to observe
that at the recent launching your vessel
was christened with pure water instead
of wine.
Old Salt— That'3 so. I just said to my
self, "Cap'n Seadog," says I, "this thing
has got to stop. I ain't goin' to waste
any."
"I rather think she prefers a pensive
thoughtful man."
"Ah?"
"Ah: At any rate, when I told her I
loved her she advised me not to get gay "
Indianapolis Journal.
"What's all this excitement about?"
"Nothing worth mentioning. Man got
knocked down."
"Accident?"
"Not exactly. One of these men who
always catch hold of you and push you
out of their way when you happen to meet
them at a crowded corner grabbed the
wrong man just now. That's all."— Chl-
X cago Tribune.
THE MISSION
HIGH SCHOOL
WELL HEATED
Fifteen Furnaces in
the Basement.
GLARING FRAUDS UNEARTHED
CRIMINAL RECKLESSNESS IN
PURCHASE OF FURNITURE.
Superintendent "Webster Makes an
Inspection and Finds Evidence
of Jobbery at Every
Turn.
There appears to be any quantity of
trouble in store for the members of the
Board of Education over the building and
furnishing of the Mission High School, a
large proportion of which will come when
they attempt to explain their connection
with the job to the Grand Jury.
Bills for many thousands of dollars are
awaiting payment by the board, in which
are included a large amount on account of
the Mission High School, and if all these
bills are paid the board will go out of of
fice leaving a deficiency of not less than
$180,000.
It was for the purpose of looking into
the justice of these bills before signing
them that Superintendent Webster, ac
companied by Deputy Superintendent
Stone, made a tour of inspection of the
new school building yesterday morning.
Bills for furniture and supplies amounting
approximately to $20,000 are awaiting pay
ment, and Mr. Webster determined to sat
isfy himself of their accuracy. The two
officials went over the entire building,
from basement to garret, and their dis
coveries caused them to gasp in astonish
ment. Not being expert architects or
builders they could not tell, of course,
whether the building had been put up ac
cording to specifications, but they did iind
many things that "were not as they should
be. For instance, the beard sought to ac
cept the building as cornjiieted two weeks
ago, but for some reason failed to do so.
Now, the specifications provide that the
walls shall be sand finished and tinted,
but the tinting has been dispensed with,
and the rough, dull gray walls are any
thing but pleasing to the eye.
Down in the basement, however, is
where the inspectors were most deeply In
terested, for the most extravagant and
complex system of heating that probably
ever went into any building has been put
in. No less than fifteen furnaces, scat
tered throughout the basement, were
counted, while the splendid area is ruined
by the multitude of steam, water and air
pipes that extend in every direction, at all
elevations. Many of them are so low that
one has to bend nearly double to pass un
der them, although it would have been as
easy to put them all high enough to allow
the pupils free range of the basement.
Why fifteen furnaces, or a third of that
number, are necessary to heat that build
ing is something- Messrs. Webster and
Stope are still pondering over.
Principal O Connor complained, and
justly, too, that the school is sadly lack
ing in many articles that are absolutely
necessary to the health and comfort of
the pupils. As an illustration, not a
single shade has been provided for the
windows and the children are obiliged
to tax their eyes in the glare of the sun
without any prospect of relief.
Yet up in the "practical" department
the board has put in thirty solid oak
standing desks at a cost of $18 25 each, but
they have never been used and are not
likely to be for some time, because the
board refuses to employ a teacher for that
branch; $547 50 tied up in useless and ex
pensive furniture, while the eyes of sev
eral hundred school children are being
ruined for proper window shades.
And then the price of those desks is
to be carefully inquired into. Weber &
Co. had the contract for furnishing them
at $18 25 each. They sublet the contract
for making them to a Shotwell-street
firm, and it has been freely asserted that
a practical cabinet maker has offered to
duplicate them in every particular for
$7 50 each.
Then up in the auditorium Messrs.
Webster and Stone found 1003 handsome
opera chairs, which cost the city $3 i 5
each. Now the auditorium is convenient
for the occasional assemblage of all the
classes for entertainments and the like,
but that there was any urgent necessity
for fitting it up when the School Depart
ment is bankrupt, not even the Directors
who voted for this useless waste of money
will dare assert.
In the physical laboratory auditorium
the inspectors found another instance of
what they mildly termed extravagance.
The place, which may in time be required
to accommodate a class of thirty-five or
forty pupils, is supplied with 208 combina
tion chairs and tables of elaborate de
sign, with springs, hinges, hooks and
what not, that must necessarily be ex
pensive. Not half of them will ever be
occupied at one time.
The drawing department is most beau
tifully fitted up: it is said there is noth
ing like it on the coast. It has thirty
elaborate drawing tables supplied with
every convenience and the most expensive
materials obtainable.
When all the supplies for the chemistry
and physical department that have been
ordered have arrived, it will be as conf
plete as the most exacting professor could
ask. Bills for $2600 worth of apparatus
and supplies have already been allowed,
while bills amounting to $2900 are waking
to be signed, and there is a quantity of
stuff coming from Europe, the bills for
which are yet to come in.
So it was throughout the building
Webster and Stone found all the furniture
the city had been charged for, but some
of It was \mavallable for the present,
much more entirely useless and all show
ed the most reckless extravagance in its
purchase.
PROSPECTORS FOOLED.
Warrant Out for the Arrest of Joseph.
Arthur tor Obtaining Money
by False Pretenses.
A warrant was sworn out in Judge Jo
achimsen's court yesterday for the arrest
of Joseph Arthur on a charge of obtain
ing money by false pretenses.
The complaining witnesses are E. Mld
dlecoff and George Black, prospectors.
They were prospecting in the Northwest
with some others and last spring went
to Seattle, where they met Arthur. He
told them of the location of a rich gravel
mine in British Columbia and got them
to accompany him to locate it. They
wandered around for some time and final
ly Arthur admitted that he was at fault,
but he knew a Captain Hill living in
Oakland who knew its exact location.
Arthur took a fancy to Mlddlecoff and
Black and told them that if they would
pay his expenses to Oakland he would
introduce them to his friend Captain
Hill. They arrived here on November 10
and they provided Arthur with a new
suit of clothes and gave him money so
he could make a presentable appearance
to Captain Hill. Arthur kept them on the
string for several days by various Bles
and finally arranged a meeting with Cap
tain Hill at 2061 Central avenue, Alameda.
They went there, but neither Captain
Hill nor Arthur was known to the people.
Then they concluded they had been swin
dled.
Embezzled Diamonds.
M. Bravalatsky. a watchmaker at 289
Seventh street, swore to a complaint In
Judge Mogan's court yesterday for the ar
rest of to. Garten on a charge of felony
embezzlement. On November 18 he gave
Garten a pair of diamond earrings valued
at $110 a diamond pin valued at $60 and a.
gold pin valued at $9 to dispose of and
he alleges that Garten has appropriated
the articles to his own uses and purposes.
Accused of Forgery.
John Anderson, who the police allege
is John Nelson, was booked at the City
Prison yesterday by Detectives Dillon and
Crockett on a charge of forgery. He was
released on $500 bonds. About two years
ago Fred Albrecht, a half-interest swin
dler, John Lundin and John Nelson went
to Mrs. Emma Dorn, a saloon-keeper at 32
Spear street, and made overtures to pur
chase her saloon. They gave her a check
for $600 and got a number of drinks on
the strength .of it. The check proved to
be forged and Albrecht and Lundin were
arrested. Albrecht got clear but Lundin
•was sentenced to three years in San Quen
tln. _
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
GOLD COINS-H. S.. City. No pre
mium is offered for a $5 gold piece bear
ing date later than 1534. The $2 50 pieces
for which premium is offered i are those ot
the following dates: 1796. 1797. I<9S. ISO 2,
1804, MX, MO? ISU7. ISOS. 1821 UM. 1825 1526
1527 1529, 1830. 1832. 1533 and those of 1834
which have "E pluribus unum on tne
reverse.
TRAINED NURSE— A. S., Fairfleld,
Cal. If you will write to the superintend
ent of the Training School for Nurses,
City and County Hospital, San Francisco,
or to the Training School for Nurses,
Children's Hospital. California and Maple
streets, San Francisco, eitherwill, on your
furnishing a self-addressed and stamped
envelope, mail a circular of information
as to requirements to become a trained
nurse.
PLURALITY AND MAJORITY— P. M.
8., City. In announcing the result of
an election if the statement is made that
Smith received a majority of 4000 that
means that he received 4000 more votes
than the aggregate of the votes cast for
all other candidates for the same office.
If there was but one candidate against
him it would be proper to say that he
received a majority of 4000. If it is said
that he was elected by a plurality of vMi
that means that he "received 4000 more
votes than the next highest candidate for
the same office, there being more than
two running.
ALWAYS GIVE THE COUNTY— To
Correspondents. When an individual
writes a letter and dates It at the place
in which he is, he should always add
the name of the county to the name of
the place, as often there are several
places of the same name in a State. A
few days since a correspondent of thl3
department wrote for information, and
inclosing a stamp requested that the an
swer be sent by mail. After giving his
name he Simply added "French Camp,
California." The letter was sent as per
direction, but it may be some time before
the correspondent receives it, as the
Postal Department may have to send it
to each of the following places of the
same name before the party Is reached.
There is French Camp in Amador County,
French Camp, in Butte County, French
Cnmp in San Joaquin County and French
Camp in Siskiyou County.
FOR THE NAVAL ACADEMY— H. M.
J., College Park, Santa Clara County.
Cal. There is no regularly appointed and
fixed board of examiners to examine can
didates for admission to the Naval Acad
emy at Annapolis, nor are sample, ex
amination papers given out. When a Rep
resentative from one of the Congressional
districts is notified by the Secretary of
the Navy that thtre" is a vacancy in his
district, and that it is his turn to nomi
nate a candidate for the academy, if
there is to be a competitive examination,
he calls upon educators in his district to
act as a board of examiners for the pur
pose of ascertaining who, among the boys
who present themselves, will acquire the
highest and second highest percentage.
The names of these two are sent to the
office of the Secretary of the Navy, the
one having the highest percentage being
the nominee and the other the alternate.
Bright boys with an eye to the future
generally go to Washington, D. C, where
they place themselves under some retired
navy officer who will instruct or prepare
them for the examination they will have
to take at the academy, as they know
what the general course of examination ia,
but they do not know what the specific
line of questions win be. Such boys learn
as much as possible in the line of sub
jects in which they are to be examined.
When there is no competitive examina
tion the Representative simply selects the
candidate and alternate and sends in
the names. When there is to be a com
petitive examination the fact is made
known through thp papers in the district,
and those who wish have an opportunity
to appear before the board.
. Thanksgiving dinner not complete-with
out Towneend's plum pudding. 3 lbs. $L •
. ♦ ■
2 lbs. cream mixed candies in Japanese
I baskets, 50c. Townsend's. 627 Market st. •
Make the children happy by taking
; home Townsend's famous broken candy,
3i£ lbs in splendid basket, 50c. 627 Market*
• ♦ ■ i;y • ■■_:'
Special information supplied dally to
' business, houses and public men by the
I Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
i gomery street. . Telephone Main 1042. • .
«m• • ■
California Calendars for 1899.
Forty-eight new calendars, "Wild Flow-
I ers," "Poppies," "Chinese," "Indian,"
"U. S. Volunteer," "Boys of '98," etc..
!50 cents to $3 50 each. Complete price list
mailed on application. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. - •
■♦» ; —
Many fine holiday goods now here. Tour
name stamped in gold letters free *of
charge on any of our new leather goods.
Pocket books, letter and card cases,
trunks and valises our specialties. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
■ ♦ .
"No; I never carry my business Into
my home."
I "What is your business?"
"I am the proprietor of an intelligence
office." Chicago News.
. ♦ .
I "Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over flftv years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, soften*
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other. causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO-Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel: longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply at
4 New Montgomery street, San Francisco.
The charm of Deauty is beautiful hair. Secure
it with Parker's Hair Balsam.
Pabkek's Cii.s-.JKH Toxic cures inward pains.
ACKER'S ENGLISH KtJMEDT WILL STOP
a cough at any time, and will cure the worst
cold in twelve hours or money refunded. So
Percentage Pharmacy.
_»♦ ■ !
The chrysanthemum is glorious,
' But before you rashly buy
Bear In mind the pumpkin blossom
• Has .1 future as a pie. „
£D\ EBTISEMENTS.
T
Truth.
The man who allows hinv
self to be carried away by
his own weakness may be a
very amiable person — but
he is just the sort of man
who will find the greatest
possible help in
THE KEELEY
TREATMENT,
Thousands of "good fellows"
can testify to that.
Seed for printed matter tnat tells
all about it.
THE KEELEY INSTITUTES,
1170 Market Street. San Francisco,
Dorsohoe Building.
Lankershim Building. Tbird and
Spring SU, Los Angeles.
Fred A, Pollock, Manager.BRANDES HELD
FOR MURDER OF
HIS DAUGHTER
The Wife Charged as an Acces
sory by the Coroner's
Jury.
Threats of Lynching Prevented the Accused
From Appearing at the Inquest.
Evidence of the Crime.
"It makes no difference who tells me to
talk, whether it Is my attorneys or any
one else. I will answer no questions nor
niuke any statements. I have talked too
■much already and am sorry for it."
The foregoing was the answer of Mrs.
Albert Brandes, who is supposed to have
I the death of her stepdaughter,
Lillian, by the administration of a brutal
g, to the suggestion of Attorney
Bennett that she tell what had led up to
the trai
Mrs. Brandes was in a chronic lachry
oondition and had a tear-3oaked
handkerchief pressed to her nose. She
also had tears in her voice and seemed to
eatly alarmed at her situation, the
durances of her attorneys that
she was in no danger not sufficing to
allay her fears.
"1 broke my word with my attorneys
t"-day," continued the woman regret
fully. "A lady came in here and cried on
my neck and said how sorry she was for
me, and 1 talked to her. Now I wish
1 hadn't. So that settles it," and she
turned to her attorneys, Bennett and
r, for consolation. "I wan asked,"
continued the frightened prisoner, "If I
had killed Lillian, and I replied:
" "No. For (Jud'.s sake, you don't think
1 could do such a thing. 1
"Then 1 was asked if my husband did
it. and 1 said:
" 'He could no more commit such a
crime than I could.'
"Aftei; that I told just what had hap
pened. About the. trouble with Lillian—
the whipping and her falling down stairs
and bruising herself; also that it was iwo
days after the trouble and she had been
around us usual that she strangled her-
Ther^- was no harm in saying that,
was there?" turning to Attorney Sawyer.
".No," replied the latter, "we only want
you to keep from getting excited when
you testify to-night."
"Well, what am 1 to say?" asked Mrs.
Brandes in an alarmed voice.
"You are to tell the truth. It is not
necessary for you to make a voluntary
ment, You simply answer questions
and tell the facts as affairs happened," re
plied Attorney Sawyer. "If you do this
no harm will come to you and we will
have you out of this trouble in short
order."
"Oh. heavens, do you really think so?
Then I will do my best to obey orders and
be calm, tor God knows these tttings they
say about me are not true; but I am so
nervous— so nervous."
More tears, followed by encouraging
words from her lawyers and she ttnany
quieted down and listened to further in
structions as to how to conduct herself at
the inquest.
"The way the public are viewing this
affair," said Attorney Bennett, "is aJI
wrong. They are trying to make anoth
er. Durrant case of it. but it won't go. We
will promptly show that there is nothing
in the murder theory, and if they are not
exonerated by the Coroner's jury to-night
wi will have this woman and her husband
out on habeas corpus to-morrow without
doubt.
"The facts of the tragedy are these:
Mrs. Brandt s received $15 from Brandes to
send the girl to a convent, but she did
not want to go. She stole the money and
refused to surrender it. You know what
a row of this kind between women is.
The girl resisted punishment; the mother
whipped her severely, and the girl finally
fell down stairs. That's where she got
lises.
•This theory about beating her to death
Is all rot. Why, the girl was around as
visual for two days after the whipping,
and made no complaint of her Injuries. In
Bhe was out in the yard on the sec
ond day and borrowed 50 cents from a
man who was passing by. At that time
she was as lively as usual.
"The whole thing in a nutshell is that
the unfortunate girl was rebellious, an
gered at the punishment she had received
and determir.f-d that she would not go
to the convent. The result was, she de
liberately made her preparations and
strangled herself. That she was not beat
en to death, as is alleged, is proved by
the fact that a man occupied the ad
joining room and heard no disturbance at
the time the girl expired. There you are
and no murder can be shown In the case "
It is evident that the people of Berkeley
did not accept the views of the attorneys
for the prisoners, a fact that was made
very evident to Sheriff "White during the
afternoon. Messages were sent to him by
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SIMPLEST CURE FOR
INDIGESTION,
As Well as the Safest and Cheapest.
The new medical discovery, Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets, digest the food in-
stead of making the worn-out stomach
do all the work, give it a much needed
rest, and a cure of dyspepsia is the
natural result.
You get nourishment and rest at the
same time because these tablets will
thoroughly digest all wholesome food
taken into the stomach whether the
stomach works or not. A cure is cer-
tain to result because the digestive
organs are given a chance to rest and
recover their natural vigor and tone.
The Tablets are then no longer re-
quired. . •
To show the manner in which the
remedy acts on different people and
how quickly and effectually it cures
etomach troubles we present a few re-
cent cases.
Mr. J. O. Wondly of Peoria, 111.,
writes: I was unable to eat anything
but the plainest food and even that
often distressed me, but since using one
box of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets I can
eat anything and everything I want.
Mrs. Samuel Kepple of Girty, Pa.,
writes: I have been entirely relieved of
my stomach troubles by your Tablets.
I suffered three years with sour
stomach and gas at night. lam thank-
ful for them.
Mrs. A. E. Bowen. Barnard, Vt.,
write: I think Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets are the best thing for dyspepsia
I ever took. I will recommend them to
any one troubled as bad as I was.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will not
disappoint beco^Bo they cure Dyspepsia '
surely and lastingly by causing the j
food to be properly assimilated, and ! •
cure constipation by producing the J
proper quantity of bile. Sold by all I ■
druggists at 50 cents per package. j j
Send for free book on stomach dis- ,
eases to Stuart Company, Marshall,
Mich. '_ '
jo?=^&&x>^ Doctor
JpF^fll MEYERS.
%m 3SMi|i\ Specialists for en i
V* % fi&2&J TRst'* Th»»e phjvlcJui* hav« been
t/K?fc *o]™j(«S| l*st *aulpi»(l iiiwlirtl in-
Jjv^J V SSwvJ'v^Vwf^ Unfortunate men who ran-
ESTABLISHED 17 YCAfIB. _ • AX *« FREE.
Thousand* eared it borne,
All letter* eonfidentui. >'o Charge for Consultation.
"7QI MABKET ST., )El<v»t.rEntranc«..
'phone and delivered in person informing
him that the people of the college town
were in a dangerous temper, and had de
clared their intention to lynch Brandes if
he were taken to the inquest.
"I suppose it is some of the irresponsi
bles over there," remarked the Sheriff, to
one of his informants.
"On the contrary," was the reply, "one
of the prominent men of Berkeley just
visited my office and told me that the
best element of the place is involved and
that they have the ropes ready with which
to do the job."
Similar information was given District
Attorney Snook, and he finally sent word
to the Sheriff to not run the risk of tak
ing Brandes to the inquest. The Sheriff
then announced that he would follow
these Instructions and not take any
chances unless he received subsequent or
ders.
BRANDES CHARGED
WITH MURDER
His Wife Made an Accessory by
the Coroner's Jury.
BERKELEY, Nov. 22.— After fifteen
• minutes' deliberation last night the Cor
oner's jury in the Brandes case brought
in a verdict charging William A. Brandes
j •with murdering his 13-year-old daughter
i and making his wife an accessory to the
crime. Neither Brandes nor his wife
were present at the inquest. The authori
ties feared they would be summarily
dealt with if they were brought within
reach of the ominous gathering which
thronged the streets here all day.
As the hour approached for holding the
inquest an immense crowd collected in
front of the morgue, evidently waiting for I
the appearance of the alleged murderers.
Sheriff White had been informed that an
attempt to hang Brandes would surely
be made If he was brought to Berkeley. I
Coroner Baldwin, also heard that all
preparations for a lynching iutu been
made, and when he saw the crowd and
heard some of the expressions flying
about he immediately telephoned the
Sheriff not to bring the defendants to the
inquest.
Hundreds of men and a score of women
fought almost wickedly for admittance, to
the inquest room. A solid mass of hu
manity was packed in and about the
morgue doors, and the jurors and officials
only gained admission after a desperate
struggle. Seven special constables were
detailed to hold the crowd in check, but
they were absolutely powerless. When the
doors opened the room was filled in an
instant, and by order of the Coroner the
doors were locked, leaving scores on the
outside who noisily clamored for admit
tance.
The inquest began shortly after 8
o'clock and was conducted by Coroner R.
O. Baldwin. District Attorney Allen was
present, and assisted the Coroner in the
examination of witnesses. Following
were the jurors: Henry C. Barrows, D.
w rP'fiV **■ M " McNulty, W. J. Mortimer,
W. D. Wooster, Washington Wilson. Har
i' >' W aterbury Thomas Harm, L. P.
Meinhert and C. H. Townsend. After
viewing the remains the jurors took their
seats and the inquiry began.
W. J. Richardson and wife and Lewis
Long told of overhearing a fracas in
Brandes' house last Tuesday night
Brandes was beating Lillian arid accus
ing her of stealing some money. They
heard the child's pitiful pleadings- for
mercy and protestations of innocence.
The beating ceased for a few moments
and Brandes played a tune on the piano.
Then he again whipped Lillian. Finally
the noise ceased and nothing further oc
curred that night. On Wednesday, the
day following the beating, the Richard
sons saw Lillian digging around the yard
from »a. m. till 4 p. m. That was the last
time they saw her alive. The Richard
son home is only a few feet from
Brandes' nouse.
Mrs. M. Godfrey of Piedmont, an ac
quaintance of the Brandes', was visiting
at the house on that Tuesday evening.
She corroborated the testimony of the
first three witnesses. While Brandes was
beating his child Mrs. Brandes sat in the
parlor with her guest. Brandes told Mrs.
Godfrey that Lillian had stolen some
money, and he was trying to force her to
tell where she had hidden it. Mrs. Bran
des added that Lillian was a thief, a liar
and a nuisance. '..».-•
J. S. Harvey, Brandes' assistant as
night watchman, told of the daily life in
the Brandes home, where he had lived
since July up to last Saturday morning.
He said the child was frequently abused,
and once last week the brutal father came
home at 1 a. m., got the child out of bed
and beat her with something which sound
ed as if the blows were administered with
a slipper.
He could not remember what night that
was. He last saw the girl alive Friday at
dinner time, between 5 and 7. Saturday
morning Harvey got to bed at 5 o'clock,
and about 8 o'clock Brandes awoke him
and said Lillian had taken poison and
hanged herself. Harvey did not enter the
child b bedroom, but advised the father to
go for the nearest physician. Harvey then
dressed himself and took the first train
for the city, because, as he said, he did
not wish to be mixed up in the affair.
Dr j George F. Whitworth. who was
called by Brandes, testified that he went
to the house and found the girl dead,
stretched out on her bed. He saw an
apron tied to the bedpost, which Brandes
told him the girl had used to hang herself
with. He believed Brandes and made no
critical examination of the body or the
room.
Dr. S. H. Buteau, the autopsy sur
geon, swore that the girl's death was not
oaused by asphyxiation or poison, but
that she died from the effect of wounds
on the head which were evidently inflict
ed with a blunt, smooth surfaced, flexi
ble instrument. Brandes' club was shown
the doctor and he said such an Instru
ment might have been used. Dr. J S
Eastman rorroborated the autopsy sur
geon's testimony.
Coroner Baldwin then closed the in
quest and cleared the room, leaving the
Jury to deliberate. In about fifteen min
utes the following verdict signed by all
the jurors was handed to the Coroner,
who also signed it:
"We, the jury, find that Lillian
Brandes, aged about 13, came to
her death some time between
8:30 p. m. November 18 and
8:30 a. m. November 19, 1898,
and that death was caused by
injuries on the head inflicted by a
blun,t instrument in the hands of .W.
A. Brandes; and we hereby charge
said Brandes with the crime of mur
der, and his wife with being acces
sory thereto." .
BRANDES HEARS THE VERDICT.
OAKLAND. Nov. 22.— When Brandes
was Informed that the Coroner's jury
charged him with murder he appeared
stolid and indifferent, very much as
though he had expected nothing else.
"I have nothing more to say, he re
marked," "and I expect my enemies will
spare no efforts to railroad me.'
It was not deemed advisable to inform
Mrs Brandes of the result of the inquest,
and the fact that she is charged with
complicity in the crime. She is still in a
highly nervous state and will not be dis
turbed until to-morrow morning, when
she will- be fully advised.
Twenty-Five Years Old To-Day.
Pacific Transfer Co., 20 Butter street.
Checks baggage at residences. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1898.
WEALTHY, YET A THIEF.
Charles Holderer Deliberately Stole a Fifty-
Cent Can of Lard Rather Than
Pay For It
Although possessing 180 acres of valuable land in his own right Charles
I Holderer. rather than draw upon hi s own exchequer to buy the necessa
) ries of life, yesterday afternoon stole a 50-cent can of lard from a restau
i rant at 135 Ellis street. He was detected by the cashier, who promptly
i summoned Policeman Keyes.
I Holderer had the can of lard secreted under his coat, and as the officer
: entered he handed him the stolen property. He waa then taken to the City
i Prison and charged with petty larceny.
i Holderer's valuable possessions are in Santa Clara County. He arrived
i in the city several days ago and after claiming he was in need of work
i was given employment in the restaurant where he was arrested. Shortly
after 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon he announced his intention of "throwing
i up the job," and started to leave the place. The cashier noticed a suspi
i clous looking package under his coat and, seizing him by the collar, asked
i him for an explanation.
I Holderer readily admitted his guilt and begged not to be arrested. De
spite his entreaties Policeman Keyes was summoned and the rich culprit
was taken into custody. To a reporter the prisoner said he stole the lard,
as he intended to use it after he returned to his ranch.
"It is true that I own valuable land in Santa Clara County," he re
marked. "As everything points to a dry season I concluded to visit this
city in the hope of procuring employment. I went to work in the restau
rant expecting to remain only a few days. The work did not agree with
me and I resolved to quit. As I was about to leave I saw the can of lard
on a shelf and could not resist the temptation to steal it. After I had se
creted it under my coat the cashier held me up and forced me to disgorge
the stolen property. I don't know why I stole the stuff, as I could have
bought several cans with the amount I had earned as waiter, ll the police
will only give me a chance I intend to return to my ranch and never leave
It again."
The arresting officer says that considerable silverware has disappeared
from the restaurant since the employment of Holderer and he is inclined
to believe that the prisoner stole it. He will be held pending further inves
tigation.
SWEEHEY HELD
UP BY FOUR
OF HIS GANG
Robbed of His Revol
ver and Money.
RECOGNIZES HIS ASSAILANTS
HE EXPECTED TO MEET DETEC
TIVE EUAN.
Decoyed Away From His Home, Ho
Is Forced to Disgorge Under
Penalty of Being
Shot.
John Sweeney, who conducts the Es- I
mond lodging house, at 43 Sixth street,
was held up by four men in front of the
Cafe Zinkand on Market street early yes
terday morning and robbed of a pistol and
a small amount of money. According to
his story he received a telephone message
saying that he was wanted by Detective
Egan on important business. Sweeney,
whose career as the "go between" for
bunko men was one time thoroughly ex
ploited in The Call, lost no time in repair
ing to the trysting place. As he was
about to enter he was attacked by four
men, who were evidently waiting for him*
They quickly seized him and after threat
ening to kill him if he made an outcry,
proceeded to relieve him of his money and
valuables. After taking his pistol and
money one of the men saw a policeman
walking on the other side of the street,
and becoming alarmed he informed his
companions. They at once released their
hold on Sweeney and ordered him to
"skip," under penalty of being riddled
with bullets.
Sweeney lost no time in complying with
their request, evidently satisfied to get
away with his life. Yesterday he told a i
police officer of the hold-up, but refused to
have the robbers arrested.
"They are all friends of mine." he re
marked. "I suppose they wanted to have
some fun with me."
For some time past Sweeney has boasted
of his "pull" with the Police Judges, and
unless the members of the "sure thing"
fraternity consulted him before "turning
a trick" it is said he would Inform the
police He even claimed that he could in
fluence Chief Lees not to molest the
horde of grafters who infest the city, pro
viding they "squared" him.
Last Monday four of the gang were ar
rested and charged with vagrancy. They
claimed that they had r&fused to "divide
with Sweeney, and anxious to get even
CASTOR! A
For Infants and Children,
TkifM- _ yf _, ,
'■"ilmll« /tjt 's/fP/r yj woi
Hguxwnfjr SJf/ff''? lr . •"•V
with them he had Detective Egan throw
them in jail.
Determined to be revenged, the friends
of the prisoners conceived the bold plan
of holding up the alleged informer. Know
ing that Sweeney was on intimate terms
with Detective Egan, the men telephoned
to him. claiming that he was wanted by
the well-known sleuth on Important busi
ness. Sweeney readily fell into the trap
and immediately repaired to the Cafe
Zinkand.
That he recognized his assailants the
police have no doubt, but fearing further
violence at their hands he refused to have
them arrested.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THREE HAPPY WOMEN:
PV^ Sf Each Relieved of Periodic Pain and Backache.TA,
j£br^§yDi *5 Trio of Fervent Letters.
o*^^^^^^^^.^ Before using Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
jj&3BsQtsjd&^3Js£\, pound, my health was gradually being undermined.
/Mfy&l^&Z^^i\x * suffered untold agony from painful menstruation,
jP*f*W^|| ' backache, pain on top of my head and ovarian !
illJmßfflS^ siK^W^&L m trouble. I concluded to try Mrs. Pinkham's
ufiemß / amSSL^I Compound, and found that it was all any wo-
JHmm *Sv jJ&Oi&amU man needs who suffers with painful monthly
*JfflßHWv^'®|||pZ7 periods. It entirely cured me. — Mrs. George
;P|P^S» tr^PW Wass > 923 Bank st Cincinnati, O.
/Ti^^^ For years I had suffered with painful men-
/tfw&sm&rat*^ • struation every month. At the beginning of
menstrua /f+yß&L&&r^\. tion it was impossible for me to stand up for
more than /£ y^f^"%B|m five minutes, I felt so miserable. One day a
little book / -. 7** QfflmL of Mrs. Pinkham's was thrown into my
house, and W I Sat right down and read it. I then got
some of Lydia \"/' *mE(j E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and
Liver Pills. I JWJBpT^ j5}L can heartily say that to-day I feel like
a new woman; y«yi-^^^^ my monthly suffering is a thing of the ;
past. I shall trfs{ssM^&@r always praise the Vegetable Compound
forwhatithas *yywsjr *' i^r done for me. — Mrs. Makgaret Anderson, '
363 Lisbon St. / V< *T  Lewiston, Me. j
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has cured me of painful menstrua- ' :
tion and backache. The pain in my back was dreadful, and the agony I suf-
fered during menstruation nearly drove me wild. '
Now this is all over, thanks to Mrs. Pinkham's medicine and advice.— Mrs. !
Carrie V. Williams, South Mills, N. C.
The great volume of testimony proves conclusively that Lydia E. Pinkham's
! Vegetable Compound is a safe, sure and almost infallible remedy in cases of
irregularity, suppressed, excessive or painful monthly periods. j
"The present Mrs. Pinkham's experience in treating female ills is unparal-
leled, for years she worked, side by side with Mrs. Lydia E. Pinkham, and for
sometime past has had sole charge of the correspondence department of her
great business, treating by letter as many as a hundred thousand ailing women
during a single year. " ;;<*ri r . '
''/> : V *' ' ' >-■ " '  " : ■ . '' !
IjdiaE.Pinkliam'sVcgetaWeConipoiindjAWomaii'sßemedyforWoman'sHls '
. ■ ■ -.-■■■-. ... -, -,•..-.. . . t ' i
f> ALAC E wj fela'^r wITALS© ,
|w PALACE wj- 0| *1^ YITAUS
I GRAND | ,S%CwElff% the new !'
Z &A/B fKAKC/aoo. 2 KTtsr 10th Day. Si MJZ JL rnt n uHsi I
¥■ Connected by a covered passageway.' JJ j YITALSS 20Ul Cay> *"*» '** DPI! PRY
Pl4OOP 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Beth Attached. Q PRobRIS the abotb aothDiy. nCRICU In |
| ) HOTS THB PRICES: . . 0 of self-abuse or moms and lndiicretlon. IU»to»« Lest Vitality I
' Bncopflka Plan. 1.00 per day and Upward Power and Falling Memory. Warda off Iman'ty and Con.ump.
* Aaserlcan Plan. 13,00 per day and upward Q 4ion - , Caret when all others fail. Intiit on haring VITALIB,
fa Ceire«pon<Jenc* Solicited. 0 »<>«»«>«• Can be carried In the vert pocket. By mail »1.00 =
■ mmh mnininT' ■..."..^•^■V* Ur/•«»*U r /•«»*» or ilx for $&OO with » (narantct to Cure »r i
% ; 10XK 0. ÜBXTAZftIOIE, M«^. .. 2 Rtfaid the Money. Circular Trn. Addmi ' "" .1
A ■ BBUHHBHIIIiyBB 0 0 0 ; CALUMET orß£ CO., 884 De.rboru St.. CUeac*
:.»■;»*• »•* •*•« Hwm« M m m BSS Bold toy Dwl Drug Co* 8. . V.. mad Oaklasd.
EXPERT KILPATRICK
COMPLAINS OF WELCH
THE SCHOOL BOARD'S SECRE
TARY SCORED.
Grand Jury Orders Welch to De
liver All Bills to the
Expert.
The Grand Jury held a short session
last evening, hearing no witnesses, but
receiving a communication from Judge
Belcher, in which he commended the jur
ors for their faithfulness and stated that
he should continue the present Grand
Jury in office until the last of December.
The ' Judge stated that School Board mat
ters needed special attention. He hoped
that the jury would devote plenty of time
to -the bills of the board and also to the
proceedings of the Buildings and Grounds
Committee.
It developed during the session that
Expert Kilpatrick was having consider
able trouble in securing access to all of
the bills of the School Board. He com
plained that Secretary "Welch was acting
as an obstructionist and had taken away
from him a large batch of bills which
had been unearthed on the allegation that
the Finance Committee of the board had
not as yet passed on the bills. On the re
quest of Kilpatrick the jury prepared a
special letter to Secretary Welch, in
structing him in explicit language to turn
over to the expert all bills and accounts
of the School Board, including the bills
which had not been approved as yet by
the Finance Committee. This letter will
be presented to Welch to-day.
"We don't like the way in which Secre
tary Welch is acting," remarked one of
the jurymen. "He seems to be trying to
shield those fellows in the School Board
who are guilty of rascality. As soon as
we are through with the bills we shall
devote considerable attention to the
school-book question and incidentally to
the pull which Weber & Co seem to have
with the board."
The Grand Jury adjourned to meet next
Tuesday evening, when it is expected that
the report of Expert Kilpatrick will be
presented, and aggressive measures can
be Inaugurated looking to the finding of
several Indictments.
SOCIETY EDITOR
TURNS BENEDICT
J. O Hara Cosgrave, the well-known
newspaper man and editor of the society
journal, the Wave, and Miss Helen Bor
den, sister of Superior Judge Rhodes
Borden, were quietly married yesterday
afternoon at the First Unitarian Church
Only the immediate relatives of the
contracting parties witnessed the cere
mony, which was marked by a severe
simplicity. There were no attendants
After the bindinp words were spoken the
invited guests repaired to the Borden resi
dence, where the health of the fortunate
young couple was drunk in bumpers of
sparkling wine.
Mr. and Mrs. Cosgrave left last evening
for a short bridal trip, after which they
will take up their residence in this city
MARK THALL'S BENEFIT.
Realization a Better Name fcr It
Than Imagination.
The Alcazar Theater was filled to its
doors last evening, the occasion being the
benefit of its efficient manager, Mark
Thall. A particularly smooth presenta
tion of Sydney Rosenfeld's new comedy,
"Imagination," bj' the stock company'
was received by the large audience with
every evidence of approval, and the fforal
tokens for the beneficiary would stock a
sizeable flower store. The box office re
ceipts told a pleasant tale, also, and, tak
en all in all, no stronger evidence of Mr.
Thall's personal and managerial popular.
lty could be well Imagined.
To Whom It May Concern:
I desire to advise the public that the
Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks,
United States of America, is not in any
way connected with a certain "ladies' .so
cial," announced to be given at the Cali
forina Theater on Sunday afternoon, No
vember 20, 1898 (Sunday entertainments of
this character being in direct violation of
the laws governing the order). Nor wnh
the "Annual Carnival Masquerade Ball *•
advertised to be held at Mechanics' Pa
vilion on Wednesday evening, November
23, 1898; that there is no such fund in the
Benevolent and Protective Order oi Elks
as the "Charity Fund," and farther, that
the persons giving such ball are not mdin
bers of the Benevolent and Protective
Order of Elks and have no council ;cn
with it in any way. JOHN GAI.VIN
Grand Exalted Ruler. Benevolent and
Protective Order of Bun, United
Spates of America. Cincinnati, OJilo
By J. K. HOWEI.L, District Deputy for
State of California, San Francisco,
Cal. •
A Missing Brakeman.
The disappearance of F. E. Burke, a
brakeman on the Southern Pacific, was
reported to the police yesterday. He was
paid his salary last Saturday and since
then he has not been seen. He is 29
years of age, 6 feet tall, gray eyes and
brown hair.
ADVERTISEMENTS. >■;
NEVER HAS ANYTHING BEEN SO HIGHLY AND SO JUSTLY PRAISED A?
MARIANI WINE, the FAMOUS TONIC for BODY, NERVES and BRAIN,
Braces Body and Brain.
MARIANI WINE gives MARIANI WINE is in-
power to the brain, strength and valuable for overworked men,
elasticity to the muscles, and delicate women and sickly
richness to the blood. It is a children. It soothes, strength'
promoter of good health and ens and sustains the sys-
longevity. j tern.
To those who will kindly write to MARIANI & CO., 52 West lath St., New York, will b*
sent free, book containing portraits with Indorsements of Emperors, Empress, Princes, Car-
dinals, Archbishops and other interesting matter.
Via Mariani Makes the Weak Strong,
Paris — 11 Boulevard Haus»mann; London— B3 Mortimer street; Montreal— 2S-30 Hospital street.
AMUSEMENTS. AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER. £?l\»\isL g^
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE THURSDAY. T^ifcjirit fiiffnT^M TTl^Hli \ 1^ i
A. M. Miller and W. W. Freeman Present the Xfes* WlSl TOMMII^ITQ
All-Surpassing Musical Comedy Triumph, -^BBr -•»• y^ T H 4k «%.>^
A FT! /"I ITT ' MATINEE TO-DAY, WEDNESDAY. NOV. 23.
A I Iw A V Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
XI. X \IJrL X dren, 10c. any part.
LILLIE WESTERN, Vaudeville's Premiere
/m/\lti"lTT T«r A "t^TT^ Musical Artiste.
r^IDIVIIiV Inl AN I] THE WILSON FAMILY, High-Class ■ "Coon"
VVlliil lOIjAIMJJ MAUDE COURTNEY^^Who Sings the Old
23-New Vnrk**? "RrlphtP^t "RfJVS Oaveat Girls — 25 = V Songß. q^
20-New WH H ARRY LACEY AND COMPANY, in the Great
Hit. "Bob Racket's Pajamas."
VVTT?A VFVT MONDAY FLO IR WIN AND WALTER HAWLEY In
IiAIKA — r»£.A.i juu.>uai. "The Gay Miss Con"
First time West of the Rockies, the Unpar- HERBERT'S TROUPE OF DOGS, the Greatest
alleled Success, Koster & Blal's Sumptu- Animal Act
ous Musical Extravaganza, JA-MES CULLEN, Vocalist
"GAYEST MANHATTAN." FRANK AND DON. Comedy Boxers.
cm™ pnr,v TTTT-RRnAV FLOOD BROTHERS. Comedy Acrobats.
SEATS READY THURSDAY. SPECIAL MATINEE THURSDAY, NOV. 24.
~~~ " ' ~ " Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
cfILIFOR E " - MOROSCO'S GRANDS
laui ixi^nio— V Morosco, Sole Lessee and ilanagec
Special Holiday Matinee Thanksgiving . Gut Z e^*£l ML^
PRICES WILLIAM CALDER DcoMpANT | T^T CI/^UT (\ T?
ISO, AND COMPANY |^ Or"
35^' lin the Stirring Romantic Military »l " **•> * 111 V 1
And 50c ! Pay. Q-pQ -p DAI II , C
NORTHFRN 1. r/iUL ,3.
II iflV M. A .1 JL-4.1.V1. Special Engagement of the Handsome an*
.^■^ Accomplished Leading Lady,
i ir^H^nr^ miss adele belgarde.
L 111 II I I w") a GRAND HOLIDAY MATINEE, THURSDAY,
*-* *• «.«.» '• THANKSGIVING DAY.
EVENING PRICES, 10c, 25c and 50c.
_,„„- , "A boy WANTED." MATINEE PRICES. 10c, 15c and 25c.
COMING A BOY waisij.u Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
: " "" ' Telephone Green 861.
BALDWINTHEATER. TIVOL I OPERA-HOUSE.
ALL THIS AND NEXT ™ M^ ErneBtlne Kreling Proprietor and Mgr.
SPECIAL MATINEE THANKSGIVING
Mr Charles Frohman Announces the Pre- THIS EVENING,
eminent Success of the Period, Oscar Well's Comedy Opera in Three Acts. ;
Secret Service suzette
MIRTH AND MUSIC.
WITH ■ ■-' •:;,-" MATINEE EVERY SATURDAY -AT 2 P. M.
..... . , » ni I FTTF TO COMMENCE NEXT MONDAY EVEN-
WIj »LIAiVI ljlL»L»I-. 1 1O« Grand Scenic Production of Rostand*
• And the Great Cast. Romantic Comedy,
And the Great Cast.
EXTRA-SUNDAY NIGHT, NOVEMBER 27, CYRANO DE BERGERAC.
in AOI UN MIIIFR WITH APPROPRIATE MUSIC.
. JOAQUIN iVIILLtK, seats now on sale.
In Lecture Upon Experiences In Klondike. Popular Prices 25c and 800
RESERVED SEATS— 6Oc, 75c and |1. A Reserved Seat for the Matinee 25a
■ ■ ' — ~"^ ~ ' ' ~~ Our Telephone, Bush 9.
ALCAZAR_THEATER. V MPIA Ed^
SEATS BY TELEPHONE MAIN 254. VfLi lIT 1 1 1\* COP. Mason.
THIS WEEK! THIS WEEK! Tne Most Beautiful Music Hall in America.
... . n ,i,,Tin»i i Neatest Freelow '*• World!
Pin H B I sal fa ml note the big attractions.
IMAbNA I lUN I the wojMgFUL pro.
World-Famous Twirling Dancer. .
A LAUGHABLE COMEDY. OMNE
HOLIDAY MATINEE TOMORROW. °°» '«•««• Lad Ju^'- **° wori d .
'i MAI TUNISON,
NEXT WEEK-ROLANp ED REED'S ROAR- Return of the Favor , Soprano . .
"THE POLITICIAN KELLY AND VIOLETTE,
mO rULII IVlrtlX. Latest .. Coon ,. gongs.
CHOICE SEATS, 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c. AND TEN ALL-STAR ACTS.
, ' _ — — MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION FREB.
COMEDY THEATER. CHUTES AND 700 »
(Formerly the Popular Bush.) tULIEJ AH II LVV I
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ST CE^S m WAS DARWIN right?
The Reigning Theatrical Sensation of New "CONGO,', the a^S^'
York, London and Paris. "CONGO," the Gorilla Man.
__ . -._ ■«■■ „--»*-« ■#% " JOE STORMS JR.." Orang-Outang,
CYRANO DE BER6ERAG ~~ 22?" c "--"
, Edmond Rostand's Great Comedy Drama. GREAT BILL in the FREE THEATER.
ENTIRELY NEW SCENES AND ACCESSO- REYNARD, Ventriloquist. With Walking and
RIES. EIGHTY PEOPLE ON THE STAGE Talking Figures: CONCHITA, California's
Staged by Maurice Hageman. Favorite; THE JACKSON'S. "Henroost In-
By the HENDERSON COMPANY, under Da- gZ*™" and ATTRACTIONS WITHOUT
vid Henderson's personal direction. Cj ' "
SEATS— Theater and Emporium. TO-MORROW, THURSDAY,
Evenings, 25c to $1. Matinees, 25c to 75c. A JVI ATFIII? IMII^HT"?
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-MORROW. lOc , including Zoo and Theater; Children, 80.
*li!^&l JIM! P^Frl I INGLESIDE COURSINB PARK.
■\2p^fe|iSSßoy@o> 1 THANKSGIVING DAY, '
rand Inlt V^d^[l f l'e r Tm n r h.th n eat^ nSter Free ; NOVEMBER 24-
THANKSGIVING DAY, THURSDAY, NO- . -^ —^ _ _
VEMBER. 24. at 1:30 P. M. Mlv^^v-*^ t^-*'J^l^-^X I
Lillian Smith, Champion Rifle Shot of the j I D O ITI v^ 1 >| X «J f
World; Balloon Ascension and Parachute 1/ U Vll t±J ljC^X\.^^ •
Jump: Triple Horizontal Bars: Breakaway j£~ *~ ' »rw«r • • w
Ladder Act; Knockabout Clowns; the Leons; ENTRANCE $5' '
Cornet Solo; Grand Concert; Black Alaska *" x _^ *°-
Bears; Performing Lions.
Children are Interested and Amused at Glen November 26 and 27— NON-WINNERS'
Park - _  . STAKE and SAPPLING STAKE.
Admission, 10c; no further charge. Children _
" Gtan Park'caf^wlll open on this day. Tur- Take a Mission-street car and. It will land
key lunch only 23c*. Refreshments at popular you at the gates.
prices.
Take San Mateo electric cars: Valencia, Mis- ADMISSION. 25c. LADIES FREE.
slon- and Sutter-street cars transfer. — ■ *^ — — -^ — - — — — — «
J^~-^-ZZIZir — " " .== CONCEPTS AND BESOBTS.
i 4&^U^Mk^M^^ SUTRO BATHS.
I jy^jwßOßcWfti Tl flfiirJW^. Open Dally from 7A.M.toG P. M.
I Pi A mm piVjSilC* Bathing from 7 A. M. to 5 P. M.
OilCIrlSI COPS* lID ADMISSION 10c -- - - CHILDREN 5«
JHwII B« «3L«I^CVikJarISB Bathing, with admission. 25c: children. 20c.
Q RACING from Monday, Nov. 44, to 0 | HMn-Tfl AT A- \\v\\\
ft Saturday, Nov. 26, inclusive. X IUdU I IIALJ IUdU
J^ Five or More Banning Kwes Daily. R&in \ /
O Beautiful Grounds"' O Notice is hereby given that the first
»« tseauuiui g^o rior Accommo< i atlonB . \* installment of real estate taxes nd all
|-/ Superior at 2P. M. i^ installment of real estate taxes nd all
FIRST RACE at 2P. M. (j unpaid personal property taxes, includ-
W s. P. R. R. Trains. 12:45 and i™\f ing balance due from those who have
Os. P. R. R- Trains, 18:45 and 1:15 / already paid due from those who have
iiatSn. sSng^rvale^c'ri'-str^ (\ I already paid the Assessor will be delin-
\a£ Returning immediately after the > / quent and 15 per cent added on MON-
f% races. Round-trip ticket, Ssc. • -P\ DAY, November 28, at 6 o'clock p. m.
! / v electric CAR LINES II No CHECKS received after SATUR-
ii Kearny-street and Mission-street >< r>AV VVFVTWP Vnvsmhpr 26
cars every three minutes, direct to D^i EVENIN J?JL^?yi^ a^tV^ a* m ™
1/ track without change. Ftllmore- if i Office open FRIDAY AND SATUR-
D street cars transfer each way. g-« DAY EVENINGS, November 25 and
f ADMISSION TO THE TRACK. $1.00. f| 26, from 7to9p. m.
£ S. N. ANDROUS, President. \€ JAMES N. BLOCK,
f\ F. H. green. Secretary. fL ' Tax Collector of the City and County
»'#.■■■ > / ! of San Francisco. ' ■ :~: ~
OOOOOSDOOOO ~w^. hess.
" . '■ ■ ■■ t KOTABY PUBLIC AND ATTOBNSY-AT LAW,
rTT- l 1 n 11 Ai -n *%>-*" tt ' Xeath Floor. Room 1016, Claua S- • kela Bids. *
U/nnwiTT ('nil (PI L I nnn i/nnn T«iepbon« Brown m.
WKKK V lin I tSr Mil Xl YKH Residence. 811 CalifornU .t,. below PowiU,
I! UUi\lJ UUll vj/liuu JJUI lUlil J euFiucuct,
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
X SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat firmer. Barley steady.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay and Feed stuffs about the same.
White Beans still firm. /
Seeds unchanged.
Flour as before.
Beef, Mutton and Lamb weaker.
Hog.i about the same.
Dairy products unchanged.
Turkeys rather higher.
Quail lower. • .
Fresh Cranberries arrived.
Oranges and Limes quiet. Lemons firm.
Some change in barreled Provisions.
Tied Fruit neglected.
Hides unchanged. Hops very firm.
Fall Wool lower.
No change in Oils.
NEW. YORK DRIED FRUIT MARKET.
The New York Commercial says, under date
of November 17: .
"Raisins come forward freely, but there !
are few orders being placed now. Most ,
forward shipments are on previously placed ,
orders, for which consignors have waited
past lie time ' specified for delivery, because j
of the" yellow fever blockade. Few orders j
lor forward are being placed now. Prices i
are firm, owing to the position of the as- |
sociation, and the reported shortage creates |
an advancing tendency in all grades. Busi- ■■
ness is upon a narrow basis, for the rea- j
soirs outlined, but prices are stiff at quota
tions there are increased mail orders,
chiefly small, evidently to nil depleted stocks
and put retailers in safe position to meet in- !
crta.sed Thanksgiving demand. Four-crown :
range at trV<Ji s ic. Malaga clusters are quoted :
at $2 25&5 25. About 4>~c is the quotation for i
two-crown.
Prunes are steady and prices virtually un- I
changed. Large sizes or very small are !
about all that are wanted. These, however, j
are unobtainable, except in small quanti- I
ties. Consequetly prices rule stiff on ail. ;
Liberal si. pments have come forward lately '
but they are said to be deliveries on previous
orders, and few changes have neen noted. De- j
mand increases at this season, reaching its j
height as the available supply of green fruit i
is at its lowest. Business in all sizes shows .
some improvement, but trade is n< more than I
Pteady. Few large orders are received, though
mall requests for small quantities are more
numerous.
Apricot* are steady, quotations ranging as i
previously reported. Export demand Is light, !
and trade for domestic consumption small. ]
Prices are too high to permit free movement. ,
Holders are firm in their views, and are de
termined to make no concessions to secure busi- ,
ness, believing that buyers must meet their j
demands for prices later. Spot supplies are
small ami trade Is narrow in consequence.
Peaches attract attention because of high
prices, but movement is small for the same
reason. Unpeeled in bags were variously quoted '
yesterday, from SV.@9c for inside figures to 12c j
for outside. In boxes quotations were 9@l3c, ]
and new peeled in boxes ranged from 20@25c." I
GRAIN EXPORTS.
The quantity and value of Flour and Grain
exported from the United States In October
were as follows:
Quantity. Value.
Flour, bbte 1,693,267 $6,257,021
Wheat, bush ih.l': 1 ".h47 n,67i.w".
Corn, bush 12,547 4,482,830
Oats, bush 3,777,712 1,064.706
Compared with the same month last year
there was an increase of 450,000 barrels Flour.
4,500,000 bushels Corn an.! a decreaa
bushels Wheat and L, 600,000 bushels Corn. F-r
the ten months ending October 31 these ship
ments were as follows:
Quantity. Value.
Fl ur, bbla 12,833,674 ,
Wheat bush 112.137.761 608,477
<v,rn. bush 170,086,305 62,701,019
Oats, bush 45,945,848 14.726,420
Compared with last year there was an in
crease- of 2,400.000 barrels Flour, 33,700.000 bush
els Wheat, 44,000,000 bushels Corn and 5, 300,000
Oat.s.
COPPER PRODUCT AND EXPORTS.
The product of American Copper mines for
• and for the first ten months of the
year compares as follows:
Ten
(Vfber. months.
OB) 17.541 176,388
1898 21,189 195,940
Exports' of copper from the United States
■n-p-o 10,810 tons in October and 117,152 tons for
the ten months, aaiain^t 8785 tons and 109,134
tons for the same periods last year.
WEATHER REPORT.
fliMth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 22. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of syne date
last season, and rainfall in last 24 hours:
Past 24 This Last
Stations — Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.20 6.4S 7.97
Red Blufl 0.04 1.53 4.03
Sacramento 0.06 1.56 2.36
Ban Francisco 0.04 2.32 2.19
Fresno 0.00 1.4S 1.25
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 0.66
Los Angeles 0.00 0.11 2.47
Baa Diego 0.00 0.00 1.07
Yuma 0.00 CIS 0.77
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
■s; minimum. 46: mean. 52.
V> i-JATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
T!ie storm which was reported last night as
central n*ar Vancouver Island has remained
nearly stationary during the past twenty-four
hours. Light rain has fallen in the coast sec
tion from San Francisco northward and snow
In the region past of the Cascades and Sierra
from Winn< mncca northward. While a slight
Improvement has taken place in weather condl
i California they remain unsettled. No
rain, however, is exacted Wednesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending November 23, 1898:
Northern California — Partly cloudy Wednes
day; probably with showers on the northern
coast; fresh southeast wind.
S uthern California — Fair Wednesday; fresh
north wind.
Nevada — Partis' cloudy Wednesday.
Utah— Partly cloudy Wednesday.
Arizona — Fair in south portion, partly cloudy
in north portion.
San Francisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy
Wednesday; fresh southwest wind.
W. H. HAMMON, Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NKW YORK STOCK MARKET.
Prices were sharply advanced at the open
ing to-day and for a number of stocks closed
near the bent. But the market In the mean
time went through a period of depression and
the bulk of the day's business •was done below
the best prices and in some very prominent
stocks below last night's closing prices. The
opening advance was emphasized by the dis
covery of the spurious character of yester
day's report of Senor Montero Rios' refusal to
proceed with the peace negotiations at Paris.
The bears who sold short yesterday hastened
to cover this morning, and there were be
sides a large amount of orders in commission
houses from the country at large. Rock
Island, Atchison preferred, Baltimore and Ohio,
arid lii.j Grande preferred and Norfolk
and Western preferred were up about a point,
aril Federal fc-teel, Manhattan, Tobacco and
People's (Jus rone from 1 to I*4. This sharp
advance In prices invited realizing on a very
.-■. ale. and there was, in addition, re
. heaviness in the Northwestern railroad
rtlea on revived reports of an embittered
war in progpect between Northern Pacific and
Oregon navigation and its extensive allied in
terests. There was a slackening up also In the
advances in the Grangers, probably on account
of the prevailing storm in the West. Very
marked weakness developed in the Federal
Mccl stocks, the preferred stocks dropping 2%
per cent. The reported grjund for this weak
ness is the alleged unwillingness on the part
01 some of the small financial institutions to ac
cept these newly floated securities as collateral.
There was a* very marked falling off in the
lately conspicuous movement in Atchison after
the heaviness in the general market developed
in marked degree. These special points of
weakness appealed for support to some of the
most powerful interests at this financial cen
ter and the support was forthcoming in quite
a vigorous manner toward the close of the day.
The rise in .Northern Pacific was attributed
to the large banking interest which exercises
the dominant control in the property. It was
regarded as that the stocks of other
companies which the same interest has been
dominant in reorganization or formation ad
vanced simultaneously with Northern Pacific.
Such stocks were Southern preferred which
rose to i-xtreme 2Vi, the Reading stocks, the
Krie ><u>ck<- and Federal BteeJ stocks It was
the inside support and manipulation in this
group and in Federal .Steel which rallied the
market. Incidentally there was a recovery of
2H per cent in Delaware and Hudson and of
nearly 6 points in Chicago and Alton. New
fork bank clearings ran up to-day to over
(220,000,000. The bon<l market also showed de
cided activity to-day and prices yielded at
some points, while advancing in others Total
Bales, W. 620.000.
United Stales 2nds and the s's registered ad
vanced hi, while thf 3's and 4's registered de
clined % in the bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 505,900
shares, including: Atchison, 11,440; do preferred,
68,404; LSurlineton, 11.170; Denver and Rio
Granda preferred, 6660; Manhattan, 30 70V
Northern Pacific. 43,275; do preferred, 8621 :
Northwestern, 3045; Rock Island, 10,807; Union
Pacific-. 77:<5; do preferred. 16,170; St. Paul, 17 -
iithcrn Railway. 16,090; do preferred, 43,
632; Texas and Pacific, 8550; Union Pacific pre
ferred. 16.171; Paper, 5585; Tobacco, 3900; Fed
eral Steel. 9565; do preferred. 22.941; People's
Gas, 1^.72.",; Pacific Mail, 4100; Sugar, 20,794;
Western T'nion, 5958; Chicago Great Western,
7COO.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 16% St Louis & S W.. 5V4
Do prefd 46% Do prefd 13%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 54^ St Paul 11334
Canada Pacific .... 84%. Do prefd 162&
Canada Southern.. 54% Bt P & Om S6.!i
I Central Pacific... 25% Do prefd' ........165
Ches & Ohio 22% St P M & M 170
1 Chi & Alton 164 So Pacific 25%
I Chi 13 & Q 119 So Railway '.. 10'
: Chi & E 111 60<i Do prefd 40%
Do prefd 110 V. Texas & Pacific... 15%
Chi G \V 15% Union Pacific ..... 34 ;
Chi Ind & L 8 j Do prefd 6S»A
I Do prefd 2S UPD & G Ist as-
Chl & N W 141%! sessment paid .. 6%
Do prefd 185 VVabash b%
1 C C C & St L.... 41% Do prefd 22%
j Do prefd 85 Wheel & L B 4th
■ Del & Hudson 86 assessment paid. 3%
Del L & W 141 Wheel & L E pfd
Den & Rio G 16% 4th assessment
Do prefd 62% paid 18
Erie new 13% Express Companies —
Do Ist prefd 36 Adams Ex 108
Ft Wayrfe 174 American Ex 140
Gt Nor prefd 13.5% United states ....44-
Hocking Valley .. 3 Wells Fargo ......125 -
Illinois Central Ill's Miscellaneous—
Lake Erie & \V... 13% | A Cot Oil -'32%
Do prefd 62% Do prefd S6>,i
i Lake.Shore 193 An-" Spirits 11%
' Louis & Nash 61 Do preld .... 34%
! Manhattan L .. 97% Am Tobacco 133
i Met St. Ry 175 Do prefd 128 '
■ Mich Cent 108 Cons Gas 187
1 Minn & St L 28 Com Cable Co 175
' Do Ist prefd .... 93% Col F & Iron 22%
■Mo Pacific 36Vi Do prefd 77
' Mobile & 0hi0.... 27% Gen Electric $2*4.
'■ Mo X & T 11*4 Haw Com! Co .... 50 1
Do prefd 34',i Illinois Steel 104
! N J Central 89% Intnl Paper 62%
IN V Central 118% Do prefd 91%
' N V Chi &' St Li... IS Laclede Gas 48
Do Ist prefd .... 71 Lead 34%
i Do 2d prefd 34 Do prefd 112%
Nor West 15 Minn Iron 138
No Amer Co 7 Nat Lin Oil 6
No Pacific 41 ! g Pacific Mail 38<i
Do prefd 7."' People's Gas 110%
Ontario & W '15% Pullman Pal 139
Or R & Nay 50 Silver Cert 60%
lOr Short Line 29 Standard R & T. 7
i Pan Coast Ist pfd. 78 Sugar ..' 122%
: Do 2d prefd 58 Do prefd 11l
I Plttsburg 172 T C & Iron 29%
■ Reading 16% U S Leather 6»i
Do Ist prefd .... 41% I Do prefd 67' i
ROW 27 IT* S Rubber 4214
Do prefd 63 ! Do prefd 104%
; Rock Island 108% I West Union 92%
. St Louis & S F.... 7% Fed Steel Co 30%
Do prefd 65% 1 Do prefd 75
Do 2d prefd .... 31% 'Brooklyn R T.... 63
; CLOSING BONDS. !
I I* S 3s lOo^iN V Central lsts..llS%
1 U S new 4s reg....127% N 3 C 6a 113%
Do coup 127% N Carolina 6s 125
US 4s 111% Do 4s 103
Do coup 113 No Pac lsts 117
Do 2ds 98% Do is 6(5Vi
i V S 68 reg 112 Do 4s 101%
Do 58 coup 112 N YC& St L 45. .105%
i District 3.65s IIS Nor &W 6s 126
: Ala class A 108 I Northwestern e0n. 142%
Do B 105 Do deb 68 117%
Do C 100 O Nay Ist* 114
Do Currency 100 O Nay 4s 101%
Atchison 4s 98 OS Line 6s tr 123%
Do adj 4s 74% O S Line 5s tr....105%
i Can So 2ds 110% Pacific 6s of 95. ...102%
C & ') 4%s SSU Reading 4s 53%
i Chi T 4s 91% R G W lsts 90
C & Ohio r.s 110 St I; &I M C as.. 98
j C H & D 4%s 104% St L & S F G C 5..121%
I D & It G lsts lO'.t':, St P Con 100
! D & R G 4s 99% St P C & P 15t5. .120
] East Term 15t5. ...107 Do 5s 119%
I Erie Gen 45... 74 So Ry as. .77102%
F W & D lsts tr.. 75% Stand R& T 65.... 79 |
j Gen Elec 5s 10'J l - Term new set 35... 93%
!GH& SA 6s 105 Tex Pac L G 15t5. .109 j
Do 2ds 104 Do Rgr 2ds 47% I
IH & TC as 110 IT pD & G 15t?.... 52%
Do con 6s 110 Wab Ist 5s 112
: lowa C lsts 105 Do 2ds 91%
;La new con 4s 106 W Shore 4s 111%
: L & N Unl 4s 94% Va Centuries 797s
: Missouri 6s 100 Do deferred 6
! M K& T 2ds 65 Wls Cent lsts 62%
Do 4s Union Pac 4s 101%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 23 [Ontario 3 Ss'
Crown Point ISiOphir 70
Con Cal &Va..... 110 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 45 Quicksilver 175
! Gould & Curry IS ! Do prefd 550
Hale & Norcross.. 1 00 1 Sierra Nevada 100
; Homestake 50 00 Standard ISO
! Iron Silver 72 Union Con 20
i Mexican 201 Yellow Jacket 15 ,
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westingh Elec 37 1 -i
Call loans 2-53 Do prefd 57»i
Time loans 3@i Gen Blec prefd 166
Stocks— Atch prefd.. 46»i
A T & S Fe 16 ! 2 Bonds—
Amer Sugar 122^, Atchlson 4s 47 ,
Do prefd Ill's Mining Shares —
Bay State Gas...:. 2Vi AUouez Mining Co. s'/jj
Bell Tel 280 Atlantic 32%
Boston & Albany.. 247 Boston & Mont....23S'^
Boston & Maine.. lß6 ißutte & 805t0n.... 55^
Boston L 76^ Calumet & Hec1a..640
Chi Bur & Q...... .118% Centennial ......... 24
Fitchburg .........104% Franklin isv;
Gen Electric SI Old Dominion 34V1
Mexican Central.. 5 > Osceola . ...... 78 -
Old Colony 193 , Quincy 146' a
Rubber 42 Tamarack .....;.'. .177 :
Union Pac 34% Wolverine 32%
West End . 88 Parrott ' 27 ■
Do prefd 110 ! *!Humboldt 4;4 ;1 *
Ed Elec Tel ; - 19 ° '* '
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, Nov. 22.— Money on call steady
at 2#2Vi per cent; last loan. 22 1 * per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, S'- 2 fii s/2s /2 per- cent.
Sterling exchange heavy, . with actual business
In bankers" bills at $4 85@4 85% for demand and
$4 82Vi for sixty days; posted rate?, H 82%4j
4 83 and $4 86@4 86%; commercial bill?, $4 SI;
silver certificates, 60<4<561%c. Bar silver, 60% c
Mexican dollars, 47% c. , Government bonds
Irregular. State bonds firm. Railroad bonds
Irregular. ■ ;
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Nov. 22.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: . |
| The stock market here was better generally, ■
j the factors operating being the continued ea-se
i of money and the trade agreement between
; France and Italy. Italian stocks rose over 2
'■ per cent, and there was an important exchange
on London. Americans were good and closed
steady, but there was, perhaps, less activity
owing to the improvement in other markets.
The recovery in Italian stocks caused con
siderable realizations from Berlin, which is
important as placing that market in funds for
dealing in Americans or for other purposes.
Copper shares were strong, notably Anaconda,
■which was bought heavily. The money outlook
here is perplexing. The Bank of England still
borrows from the market, but the heavy ma
turity of German bills held here, and not re
newed, adds daily to the unemployed cash bal
ance. I learn on undoubted authority that a
Eehe:v:? is under discussion at Berlin for abol
ishing the tax payable by the Imperial Bank
when the note issue exceeds the fixed amount.
The idea is opposed by the best banking au
thorities. It is impossible to say whether the
proposal will be formally made or not.
LONDON. Nov. 22.— Spanish 4s closed at 42.60.
PARIS, Nov. 22.— Spanish 4s closed at 42.05.
LONDON, Nov. 22.— Canadian Pacific. 86%;
Grand Trunk. 7»4. Bar Silver, quiet "7 15-16 d.
Money. 2 1 /i©2% per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Nov. 22.— FLOUR— Receipts,
32,700 barrels; exports, 5077 barrels. Fairly ac
tive; firm on spring patents and spring clears,
but otherwise dull. Winter patents, $3 65@3 M 0;
winter straights, $3 45tfj3 55; Mi-nnesota patents,
J.i 7."^<4 1"; winter extras, $2 7003; Minnesota
i bakers, $3@3 25; winter low grades, $2 25<&2 45.
WHEAT— Receipts. 422,600 bushels; exports,
i 269,076 bushels. Spot strong; No. 2 red, 78% c
f. o. b. afloat. Options opened dull but steady
on foreign buying and fears of lighter North
west receipts. The market was later turned
■ strong on export demand, closing %@%c net
! higher. Sales included No. 2 red May, 71 3-16
@72c, closed 72c.
HOPS— Strong.
COFFBE — Closed steady, unchanged to 6
I points lower. Sales, 12,250 bags. Including:
! December, $5 40; January, $5 50; May, $5 75@
E 80; June, $5 85@5 90; August, $6; October, $6 05
!@6 10. Spot Coffee— Rio quiet but steady No.
: 7 invoice, 6%(&6V*c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6%@6%c.
I Mild— Steady; Cordova, B@lsc.
SUGAR — Raw strong, held higher; fair re
fining, 4c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4Vic; molasses
sugar, 3%c. Refined — Strong but quiet.
METALS— It was a day of small things in
the market for Metals, with Tin showing a
slight further loss at the end of the session.
The demand was easily satisfied and features
of any description wert lacking. London
cables proved about as expected and news from
the mines was equally destitute of Interest. At
the close the Metal Exchange called:
PIGIRON — Warrants dull and nominal, with !
$7 27 asked.
LAKE COPPER— DuII, with $12.75 bid and
$12 W asked.
TlN— Easier, with $17 75 bid and $17 90 asked.
LEAD— Vary dull, with $3 67y 2 bid and $3 72ft I
asked. The firm naming the settling price for i
leading Western miners and smelters quotes j
Lead at $3 50.
SPELTER— Quiet, with $5 15 bid and $5 25 ;
asked.
BUTTER— Receipts, 9467 packages. Steady.
Western creamery, 15%&24 c; Elgins, 23V 2 c; fac
tory, U14@14%c.U 1 4@14%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 7023 packages. Steady.
Western, 23'Vic.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Nov. 22.— California Dried
Fruits strong.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7@Bc;
prime wire tray, B@B^4c; choice, 9@loc.
PRUNES— 3H<?6c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, ll@14c; Moorpark. 13<g>17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, SMi@l2c; peeled, lS@l9c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Nov. 22.— The first hour and a
half in Wheat trading was marked by excep
tional dullness, and prices during that period
scarcely moved from the point at which the
market started. It seemed as if the blizzard
had frozen up all inclination to buy and sell
Wheat, and trades of any importance were re
markable for their scarcity. There was some
i selling pressure at the start, enough to cause
decline in the leading options. Early
Liverpool quotations marked a very small ad
vance. The selling, however, was apparently
almost altogether by shorts. Liverpool receipts
for the past six days ha\'e been entirely from
this country, and this and the decreasing
THE SAN FRAKCTSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBEB 23, 1898.
shipments from Russia and the Danubian
countries had evidently left a permanent im
pression on the speculative mind, :as very lit
tle long Wheat was fop sale. A remarkable
feature of the Northwest market was an ad
vance of 1 cent for caeh Wheat. ~ This was a
starter for a notable advance ■" here. ' After 11
o'clock the market became active and very
strong. The blizzard was raging throughout
. I the West and Northwest and was expected to
. : result in a great falling off in receipts, and
also caused fears of an early closing of the
straights. This frightened December shorts
, and heavy buying- from that source continued
for some time, sending the December price
at one time to a premium of l%c over May. •
The cash situation was too strong for . ] the
market to be held down, and near the close
buying. became very .active again, the market
advancing and holding firm to the end. De
cember closed at 6S%c and May at 67%@6<%c.
The market for Corn was active throughout.
Early there was a slight dip on the theory that
tha cold weather would improve the quality of
new Corn. There were buyers for every bushel
offered, however, and the market got very
strong. • May closed %®%c higher. ■
I Oats followed Corn closely, opening weak and
j closing strong. There was a good deal or
short selling by scalpers early in the day, and
their covering helped materially to strengthen
the market. May ranged from 26@2t>VgC ana
closed %c higher. '
Provisions, though rather quiet, were -firm
■ and closed at an advance. Packers were mod
! crate sellers, but there was an Increased com*
mission demand and all offerings were taken.
At the close January pork was 12% c higher at
$<J 22%, January lard 5c higher at $5 10 and
January ribs 7%@10c higher at $4 701*4 <2%.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
1 Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— „
November ' ' .... 8
December 67',i 65% 67 68%
May 66% 67 1 -; 6t>V* 6.^i
November*".... 33%' 33% 32% -33%
December 33V4 23% 32% 33%
May 34% 25 34% 35
■ Oats No. 2— v
December 25% 26% 25% 26%
May 28% 26% 26 26%
Mess Pork, per barrel •
December 7 87% 800 7 87% 800
January 910 «25 9 07% 0 22%.
May 930 9 42% 9 27% 940
Lard, per 100 pounds —
December .4 97% , - 5 02% 495 5 02%
January 505 5 12% 5 02% 510
May 5 17% 5 27% 5 17% 525 ;
Short Ribs, per. 100 pounds-
December 455 460 455 460 j
January 4 62% 4 72% 4 62% 4 72% i
May ..% 4 77% 485 475 485
! Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull;
generally 10c lower; No. 3 spring wheat, 63%
<g>66%c; No. 2 red, 6Src69'i.c; No. 2 com, 34%@
34Uc; No. 2 oats, f. o. b., 26%@27%c; No. 3
white, f. o. b., 27%@2&c: No. 2 rye, 52c; No. 2
barley, 35@49c: No. 1 flax seed, 97@99c; prime
timothy seed, $2 25; mess pork, per barrel, $S@
8 05; lard, per 100 pounds, $5 07%@5 10; short
ribs sides (loose), $4 60<fZ4 85; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed), 4 ! ,4@4%c; short clear sides (boxed),
$4 95535; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per
gallon, $1 26; sugars, cut loaf, $5 95; granulated,
$5 45. i
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 32,000 17,000
Wheat, bushels 246.000 410,000
Corn, bushels 302.000 674.000
Oats, bushels ..-. 426.000 227,000
Rye, bushels 33,000 155.000
Barley, bushels lES.OOO " 27,000
■ On the Produce Exchange to-day .the Butter
■market was steady; Creameries, 22c; Dai
ries, 12^^1190. Cheese,, quiet, S@loc. Eggs,
firm; fresh, 20@21c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 1.113,479 266,324
Duluth 103,350 137,850
Milwaukee 245,050 410.022
Chicago 44.900 5,000
Toledo 64,000 35.000
St. L0ui5.......... 11,805 3,541
Detroit
Kansas City
Totals ...:...
Tidewater —
Boston ■ 281.380
New York 722.433 '269.076
Philadelphia 57.797 3.529
Baltimore 110,598 40,000
New Orleans
Galveston
Totals -• ■■; '::'..'.\:".'l
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Dec. Mar.
Opening 6 '* 5 10 1 *
Closing 6 II 1 * 5 1014
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— * Oct. Jan.-Apl. :
Opening- 47 20 46 05
Closing .47 15 46 10
Wheat — .
Opening 2165 21 3-" 1
Closing ..::;:....■■■■. .-.■■■. ;......21 70 2135
! EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
. ; , ■ *' CHICAGO.
' CHICAGO, Nov. 22.— CATTLE— Market dull.
Beef steers, $3 90#4 25 for common lots up to
$4 75@5 50 for medium to strictly choice ship
ping A few. fancy lots sold at $3 60@o 70; corn
fed Westerns at $3 BOOS; Texans, $3 25@4 35,
and range cattJr it $3^4 30. The stocker and
feeder trade was slow with small sales, largely
at $3*74 25. - V -:5 ' -. •.; .~. •
HOGS— Market lively, about Vie higher. Hogs
pold at. an extreme range of $3 20@3 57"-i. the
bulk of the Bales being at $3 40@3 52Vj. and
pigs sold largely at $2 80*83 20. The average
quality was unusually good ( for Tuesday.
SHEEP— was an improved demand for
sheep and lambs. Sheep ruled stronger, while
choice lambs moved up 10c. Lambs sold at
$3 7." 'n 4 25 for the poorer lots up to $5@5 35 for
choice to strictly prime, flocks and yearlings
were in good demand at $4 20(34 50. Sheep sold
at $2 50@3 924, Westerns predominating. Feed
ing sheep and lambs were scarcer.
Receipts— Cattle, 3500; Hogs, 98,000; Sheep,
8000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 22.— CATTLE— Receipts
5000. Market strong. Native steers, $3 60 5 25;
Texas steers, $3 15@4 30; Texas cows, $2 25<g>
3- native cows and heifers, $1 f>o@4 25; stock
efs and feeders, $2 75@4 40; bulls. $2 25@3 80.
Receipts 8000. Market opened strong,
closed weak. Bulk of sales, $3 30@3 40; heavies.
$3 35@3 45; packers, $3 30@3 40; mixed, $3 26-§>
3 40; lights. $3 15(?3 35; pigs, *3@3 20.
SHEEP— Receipts 2000. Market ' strong.
Lambs, $3 70@5; muttons. $3 25@4. -',-■ *•• •■•■• '■■-•r
OMAHA. ; ,V
OMAHA, Nov. CATTLE— Receipts 500.
Market active; stronger. Native beef steers,
$4 25@5 25; Western steers, $3 So@4 40; Texas
steers. $3 SOftS 90; cows and heifers, "$3 25@4;
canners, $2 25©3: stockers and feeders, $3 40@
4 40; calves, $4 60@7; bulls and stags, $2 25®
3 75.
Receipts 2CO. Market steady; strong
and unchanged. ; . - . :
SHEEP— Receipts 100. Market steady. Na
tive muttons. $3 25@4; Westerns, $3 20@3 70;
stackers, $2 75@3 50; lambs, $4@5.
DENVER. -
DENVER. Nov. CATTLE— Receipts 1300.
Market steady and strong. Beef steers, $3 75
@4 25; cows, $3 15@3 50; feeders, freight paid
to river, $3 50@4 25; stockers, • freight, paid,
$3 7504 50; bulls, stags, etc.. $2 25@2 75.
HOGS— Receipts 200. Market shade • lower.
Light packers, $3 35@3 40; mixed,- $3 20@3 35;
heavy, $3 20&3 25. *
SHEEP — none. Market slow. Good
fat muttons. $4@4 25; lambs, $2 75@3 50.
THE LEMON MARKET. 
NEW YORK. Nov. 22.— The Journal of Com
merce says: The Sicily lemon market has been
unsettled for some . time past as a result of
liberal receipts on a dull market. . From the
beginning of the season to date there have ar
rived in round numbers 177,000, against about
173,000. boxes for the corresponding, period last
year and about 100,000 in the previous year be
tween these dates. Last year and . the year be
fore California was a prominent * factor and
supplied a considerable part of the Western
demand. This season, while offerings have not
been so great from the coast, enlarged ship
ments from Sicily influenced by comparatively
high prices ruling at the beginning of the sea
son seem to have overstocked the markets
East and West. .-•,:.•■ • .-.■•■•■• ; •
Speaking or the condition of the market a
prominent jobber said to-day that the uncer
tainty as to the future was about done. . - •
"The market," he said, "Is gradually assum
ing a normal condition statistically. The
available supplies in sight are slightly less
than the quantity at the dock and en route at
this time last year. -'- ■■ -.
"Advices from California," he continued,
j "indicate that - there will be >no heavy ship
i ments from the coast until after January 1,
| while the few .carp now being shipped from
there are mostly green and therefore not avail
able for immediate consumption. The recent
receipts of Sicily lemons . have been of good
quality and have shown a large percentage of
perfectly ripe fruit available for immediate
use." - - ■ • " ■■ /• • , . • ■ . . A ■■■■
Another leading Jobber confirms these state
ments and adds:. . . •. • ;
"The quantity of fruit now being shipped
from Sicily is not excessive ! and there are no
very large cargoes afloat."
FOREIGN MARKETS. . «
LONDON, .Nov. Consols, 110 7-18; Silver,
27 15-16 d; French Rentes, . lOlf . 97^d. Wheat
cargoes off coast, nothing doing; , cargoes on
passage, firmer; English . country markets,
quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 22.— Wheat, dull; Wheat
in Paris, dull; Flour In Paris, dull; French,
country markets, steady; weather in England,
cold. ' - : - ' •■": . -' ■_ .... • ..-:»-
COTTON— Uplands. 3 l-16d.
CLOSE.
.WHEAT— No. 2 red Western 'winter, dull;
No. 2 red spring, firm, 6s 3d. , . ; «. ■; j. •
CORN— American mixed, . firm, 4s. Fu
tures quiet; November, . 8s- l%d; December
3s i)»4d; March, 3s 7%d. .
■;," BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Nov. 22.— Business has been fairly
good in the Wool market here this week and
prices have | been maintained. The '_ prices ob
tained for Territory < Wool .were on the basis
of i 43@46c for scoured s fine medium and ", fine,
with staple at 47@60c. Fleece Wools are in bet
ter demand. Ohio washed range from 27@29c.
Australian • Wools . hold steady, . with good ' de
mand. Quotations: . .. :. '<■;-*:
:, Territory Wools— Montana, . fine medium and
fine, 14® 16c: scoured, 43@46c; staple, 46®50c;
Wyoming, Utah, etc., fine medium and fine,
13@15c; scoured. 43c; staple, 47@48c.
Australian Wools — Scoured basts, combing
superfine, 70<g)72c; good, 65@68c; average, 62@65c.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $295,826,532; gold reserve,
$240,755,750.
AVAILABLE SUPPLIES OF GRAIN.
NEW YORK, Nov. 22.— Special telegraphic
and cable dispatches to Bradstreet's indicate
the following changes in available supplies last
Saturday, as compared with the preceding
Saturday: *
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rocky Mountains, increase 3,832,000 bushels;
Liverpool Corn TradK. News, afloat for and In
Europe, increase 3,220.000 bushels; total supply,
Increase 7,032,000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, decrease 194,000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, decrease 586,000 bushels.
The aggregate stock of Wheat held at Port
land, Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash.,
shows a decrease of 6000 bushels for the week.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, Nov. 22.— Porter Bros. Company
sales California fruit: Grapes— Cornlchons,
$1 80 single crate.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET,
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or, Nov. 22— The local Wheat
market had a steadier ton* to-day due to bet
ter Eastern and foreign advices, but 60c was
about the best export flgrure obtainable for
Walla Walla, with valley and blue stem steady
at 63@64c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. Nov. 22.— WHEAT— Club
and blue stem, 63@64c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. Nov. 22.— Exchanges, $272,
925; balances, $31,620.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
I Sterling: Exchange, 60 day 5......... — Jl 83%
| Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
I Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17<6 I
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
Mexican Dollars — 4714 {
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are dull and nominal
at 255, usual options. The chartered wheat
fleet in port has a registered tonnage of 21,770,
against 57.700 tons on the same date last year;
disengaged. 27.532 tons, against 6600; on the
way to this port, 144,800 tons, against 194,000.
WHEAT— Rising Eastern and foreign mar- j
1 kets gave the local situation more tone and I
; futures were higher. There was no advance
j In spot quotations, but the feeling was firm.
Spot Shipping, $1 16%@1 18%; milling,
$1 JO' v 23%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— May—
ctls. Jl 21>i; 16.000, $1 21%; 34.000, $1 2Ui; De
cember, 4000, $1 17; 6000, $1 174; 2000, $117%;
20,000, Jl 17%.
Second December— 2ooo ctln, $1 17%;
1 2000. $1 17%; May— 6ooo. $1 21%.
Regular Morning Session— May— B2,ooo ctls.
$1 22%; 24,000, $122%; December— 2ooo. $1 18%;
24.000. Jl 18%. .... . * 
Afternoon Session — May — ctls. $1 22%;
2000. $1 22%: December— 2ooo, $1 18V4: 2000. $1 18%.
BARLEY— The market Is unchanged. The
demand Is slow, but buyers will pay full
figures for desirable lots.
Feed. $1 25©1 30; Brewing. $1 3*4 @1 45 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal • Session— 9:ls ' December—
6COO ctls, $1 29; 4000, $1 29%; . 2000, $1 29%. .
Second Session — December — 4000 ctls, $1 29 "4-
Regular Morning Session — December— 2ooo
ctls. $1 29%. ■;''-•-;
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— The market is sufficiently supplied
for the present and the demand is rather quiet.
No change in quotations.
Fancy Feed, ■ $1 27%<crl 30 per Ctl; good to
choice, $1 22%<jil 25; common. $117M>©1 20; Sur
prise, $1 35@1 42>j,; Gray, $1 20@l 22*; milling,
isl 25@1 30 per ctl; Red. Jl4O<g!l47H; Black,
jsl 60@l 70. . • • :• • : • 1 ; - '
I CORN — market Is firm In sympathy with
i stronger Eastern markets, j Stocks are rather '.
; limited at the moment. ■ -
j Small round yellow. $1 15@1 20; Eastern large
yellow, $1 05@l 07%; white, ; mixed. $1 02%
@1 05 per ctl; California White. .
RYE— Quiet and unchanged. California, $1 20;
Eastern. $1 IS@l 17% per ctl:'
BUCKWHEAT— Is nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15@4 25; bakers
extras. $3 90®4 per bbl. . ::X. v. : ."
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
j lows, usual discount to the trade:' Graham
j Flour, $3 25 per 100 rbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour, $7: Cornmeal, $2 50: extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat ]
Groats, $4 50; Hominy,' $3 25<ii3 50; Buckwheat j
! Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina, ]
1 $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 SO; Rolled Oats I
i (barrels), $5 85@6 25; in sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl i
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs. -•■.;■:./
- HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Oat and Alfalfa Hay are firm, but the other
descriptions are weak and dull. There is no
change in Bran and Middlings.
BRAN— 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI9@2O per ton.
•FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $27 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31@31 60: Job
bing, J32@32 50; Cocoanut cake. J24@25; Cotton
seed-Meal, J28@30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 GO®
24 50; Cracked Corn. J24@25.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $16 $o@lS for
good to choice and $14@16 for lower grades;
no fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat. J15017 60;
■ Oat, J14<&16; Island Barley, $11@14; Alfalfa,
$11612 50: Stock, $11@12; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.) —
Timothy. $13 per ton.
STRAW— 3S#7Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The situation in Beans remains the same,
white being firm and active and colored dull.
There is no further change in Seeds and
dried" Peas.
BEANS— $1 9&g3 05; Small Whites,
'$2 15(R2 20; Large Whites, $1 85@1 95; Pinks,
Isl 90@2 05; Reds, $3 25; Blackeye, $3 50@3 75;
Butters. J2<B2 50; Limas, $3 25#3 35; Pea, $2 15@
2 25: Red Kidneys, $2 40®2 50 per etl.
SEEDS— Brown - Mustard, $4 25(fv4 50 per | ctl ;
yellow Mustard. $4 10; Flax. J2@2 25; Canary
Seed, 2>4@2%c per rb; . Alfalfa, 6%@7c; Rape,
2Vi®2%c: Hemp, 2',4<g3c; -Timothy, s@sV4c.
DRIED PEAS— $1 25@1 40; Green, $1 CO
<g!l 75 per ctl. ' _. v"'-; '>.'>.■'<.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Choice Onions are firmer. Potatoes show no
particular change. Vegetables are dull.
POTATOES — 30i@400 for Early Rose and 30@
60c for River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 75c
@$1 10; Oregon, 6Ec@sl : Sweet Potatoes, 50;<*
75c for nearby and $I@l 25 for Merced; New
Potatoes, l%@2c per Ib.
ONIONS— 3O@SSc p«r ctl; Pickle Onions, 3o@
50c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, ie; String
Beans, 4@7c; Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes. 3E@
60c- Garlic, 4®sc per Ib; Dried Okra. 10c per
tt>- Cucumbers, 00<§60c; Marrowfat Squash, $10
©12 per ton; Carrots, 25<ff35c per sack.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced raw, 12c per Ib In lots of 25 lbs; sliced,
desiccated. 16@18c; granulated. raw. ISe;
Onions 60c: Carrots, old. 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage 30c: Sweet Potatoes, 30c: Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes. 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Arrivals of dressed Turkeys were moderate
and prices were a cent higher. The demand
was not sharp, however. A car of Eastern
Turkeys will be put on to-day. Other Poultry
was about the same.
Previous prices rule for Game, except Quail,
which are in free supply and lower.
POULTRY — Dress.;d Turkeys, lfrSlßc: live
Turkeys, 14®15c for Gobblers and 14015 c for
Hens; Geese, por pair, $1 25@1 75: Goslings,
$1 50® 1 75; Ducks, S4@6 for old and $4@6 for
young: Henß, $3 50©'5; Fryers, *3 50<3>4; Broil
ers. $3 50 for large. J3@3 25 for small; Pigeons,
$I®l 25 per dozen for old and $1 75 for squabs.
GAME— Quail, *I@l 50; Mallard, |3<S>4; Can
vasback, J3@9: Sprig, $3; Teal, Jl 75@2: Wid
geon $1 50@l 75; Small Duck, Jl 25@1 50; Eng
lish Snipe. »1 50; Jack Snipe. $1: Gray Geese,
$2 &0?r3; White Geese, Jl@l S5: Brant, »1 50@l 75;
Honkers, $4; Hare, Jllg>l 25; Rabbits, »1 25<3>1 50
for Cottontails and II for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
The market for all description* remains the.
same. Stocks 'are not excessive, but there Is
sufficient to go around.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 23@24c;- sec
onds, 20@22c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 18#20c; common
grades, 16@17>4c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, lS@2oc; picked roll,
ld(*?21c; creamery tub, nominal.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed. 16@18ftc pe r
Ib: Elgin, 22®22ViP
CHEESE—Choice mild new, 10@llc; old. BV4®
S%c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young America.
10H@llHc; Eastern, 12@13e.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 40@42%c per dozen; me
dium Eggs, 35@37V4c; Eastern. 20025 c for ordi
nary and"27H@2BHc for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Grapes are scarce and higher. Pears are
lower. Apples are in good supply at previous
prices. Arrivals of Berrieß are very small and
they are hardly worth quoting.
Oranges and Limes are slew and the latter
are lower. Good Lemons are firm.
Fresh Cranberries have arrived. *
A. car of Newtown Pippin Apples from the
ranch of W. F. Wilkinson. Lowell Hill, Placer
County, has been shipped to Hamburg, Ger
many.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $4@5 per cheat for large and
$7@lo for small.
Huckleberries, 6@6c per lb.
Persimmons, nominal.
Pomegranates, nominal.
Cranberries. $9@lo per barrel for Eastern
and $1 75@2 25 per box for Coos Bay.
Grapes. 40@65c per box; crates sell 10@15c
higher than boxes.
Raspberries, $6(g'B per chest.
Apples, 35@«0c for common, 75@85c per box
for No. 1 and $I@l 25 for choice. Lady Ap
ples, $1 60<§2.
Pears— soc@sl per box. •
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $3@4 25
per box; Seedlings. $160<g2 50; Lemons, $I@2 for
common and $2 .Eo(g4. E o(g4 for good to choice; Mex
ican Limes. $3 50<cM; California Limes, 25c@$l
per small box: Grape Fruit, $3 50i0'4 50; Banan
as, $1 50@2 per bunch; PineappleSj $3@5 per doz.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
Dealers look for no improvement In dried fruit
before Spring. The market this fall has been a
general disappointment to the trade. The de
mand la very slow.
UtiliCD KhL! lT— Prunes, 6Hc for 40-50's, 4^
<g-5c for 50-60' s: 3%c for 60-70" s; 3c for 70-80' s.
2Vs;C for SO-90's. 2c for 90-100's and l%c
for 100-110's; Silver Prunes. 2 1 ,i@5c; Peaches.
6@7VsC for good to choice, 7*i(gSc for fancy and
10<ftl2'.4c for peeled; Apricots, 10<gl2c for Royals
and 12@12V4c for Moorpark; Evaporated Apples,
7^<s'7',<tc; sun dried. 4@4«4c; Black Figs, sacks.
2«2Hc; Plums, 4^@6c for pitted and l@l%c for
unpitted; Nectarines, 6@7c for prime to fancy;
Pears, 6@7c for quarters and S«9c for halves.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown" 4%c for three
crown, l\<i for four-crown, s'.2@f>Vii- for Seedless
Sultanas, 4»4c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2^(230.
NUTS— Chestnuts, S<g- 12Hc per lb; "Walnuts.
6@7c for hardshell, B<3>9c for softshell; Almonds,
6'?i7c for hardshell; 13c for softshell, 14@15c for
paper-shell ; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and 4',4@
5c for California; Cocoanuts. $4 50ig5.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6'i@
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark. s@s^c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24<§ 26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The recent advance In Beef has raised the |
price of barreled goods somewhat, but Beef
Is declining again. Pork products are un
changed.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7Vjc per lb for
heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for light. lOVie
for extra light and I2@l2iic for sugar cured; j
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10c: California I
Hams, 9@9V2c; Mess Beef, $10@ll per bbl; i
extra Mess Beef, $11@11 50; Family Beef. $12 50 j
©13 50; extra Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18® j
18 50; mess, $15 50<f?16; Smoked Beef, 12@12^c
per lb.
LARD — Eastern tierces, quoted at s^c per lb
for compound and 6*i^7c for pure; pails, 7Vic;
California tierces* 4%<jibc per lb for compound
and 6c for nure; half barrels, 6}4c; 10-lb tins,
7<4c; 6-lb tins, 7%c.
COTTOLENE — Titrces, s%<S'6V»c; packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls, 60 in a case, 9%c;
3-lb pails, 20 in a case, $%c: 5-lb pails, 12 in a
case, BV4c; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 77/& c:7 7 /& c: wooden buckets, 20 I
lbs net, BV*c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half j
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Hops continue in demand, and arrivals are ;
kept well cleaned up at steady prices. Choice
would bring an advance over the quotations,
but there are none coming in. Hides stand |
about the same. Wool shows some change.
Fall descriptions being lower,, A local circu
lar says: "While the volume of business in
the East has been liberal for the past three 1
weeks, it has not reacted upon the West. This j
is chiefly for the reason that the banks of Bos- !
ton of late demonstrated the fact that con- \
slderable wool paper was being carried, anid |
that it should be diminished. This was done
by making large sales of wool at extremely low
prices. Our local market is dull. Occasionally
a^ order comes along on a low basis, but such
orders are so few and so limited as to quan
tity that it oi.lv cuts a sorry figure In reduc
ing the large stock held here."
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell !
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, SHe; light, 8c; Cowhides, !
B®SVsc; Stag?. 6c; Salted Kip, BV4c; Calf, BVic; i
dry Hides, sound. 15c; culls and brands. 12c; {
dry Kip and Veal. 15c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheep- !
skins, shearlings, lS^oc each; short wool, 30® ■
400 each; medium, 60<S80c; long wool, 90c@$l 10'
each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 ~5<S2 for large ami
75c for small; Colts, 50c; Horse Hides, dry, $1 50 i
for large and 50c@$l for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3?tc per lb; No. 2, I
2*ic; refined, 4W@43ic; Grease. 2c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain. 12 1
months'. MUe; San Joaquin and Southern, 7
months', X^'Sc; Foothill and Northern, free,
12-ffl4c: Foothill and Northern, defective, 10@ i
12c; Middle County. ir.<?l6c: Humboldt and Men- I
doclno. 14® 16c; Nevada. 10<jJ14c; Eastern Ore- '•
gon, \O(Sl2p; Valley Oregon, 15jjl7c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino..: 0(311
Northern Mountain 8@ 9
Mountain 7@ 9'
Plains 6® 8
HOPS— IB9B crop. 14@15c per lb for ordinary;
choice would bring more.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 47/»@sc; Wool Bags, 26«i2Sc; San
Quentin Bags, $4 85; Fruit Bags, sc, 51-ic5 1 -ic and ,
6%c for the three grades of white and 7@Bc for :
brown.
COAL— Wellington, 8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $S; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
J6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch. $8; Cumberland, $8 50 in bulk and $10
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14. j
Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle !
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bui* and $14
In sacks.
CORDAGE— ManiIa, 9»Ae; Sisal, 9»4c; Duplex,
BVic basis.
CANNED FRUITS — Cherries. $1 33<gl 40;
Peachee, $1 40^1 75; Pears, $1 40; Apricots, $1 40;
Plums, 95c.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas. 85c@$l 25;
Asparagus, $1 50/&1 75; Tomatoes, 95c.
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 14@15c for prime j
washed. 13(g13V4c for good washed, 13@14c for I
good to prime washed peaberry, ll^iff^Vic for
good peaberry. 12igi3c for good to prime. lO^ig) |
lie nominal for good current mixed wiih black I
bean?, JtfS'lO'ic for fair, 5 1^@8c for common to
ordinary. Salvador — ll@l3c for good to prime |
washed, 9@IOV3C for fair washed, 104©llVic for i
good to prime washed peaberry. SU@B%c for |
superior unwashed, 8c for good green un- I
washed. SHS'lOc for pood to prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua— B<irS<%c nominal for good
to superior unwashed. 9Vi<gloc nominal for good
to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatamala and
Mexican — 14<g»16%c for prime to fancy washed,
10Vi@llV£c for good to strictly good washed. 9<g>
10c for fair washed. 7ij?S^c for medium, 5@6%c
for inferior to ordinary. HVi<f?l2c for good to
primp washed peaberry. 9'^@loc for good un
washed peaberry. S@B%c for good to superior
unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles. 4c; cases, se
lected, 4Hc; Imitation Eastern, 5Uc; boneless,
5Hc; strips, s=4Sr7V4c; blocks, si4#7e: tablets.
7V4c; middles. 6H@BHc per ] D: desiccated. 87Hc
per dozen: pickled cod, barrels, each, $8;
pickled cod, half-barrels, each, $4 50.
LEATHER— SoIe Leather, heavy, 25<7f28c per
lb; Sole Leather, medium. 24@25c: Sole Leather,
light. 23f§p25c: rough Leather, heavy, 24<S>25c;
rough Leather, light. 23<ii24c: Harness Leather,
heavy. 30@36c; Harness Leather, medium. 27®
BBc; Harness Leather, light. 26@28c: Collar i
Leather. 14<S>16c per foot: Kip, finished. 40(g > 45c j
per lb; Veal, finished. 50<ff55c; Calf, finished. 75c '
(S)$l; Sides, finished. 16@17c per foot: Belt Knife i
Splits, 14@16c per lb: Rough Splits. B<gloc.
OlL— California Castor Oil. cases, No. :, 95c:
barrels, 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates);
Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled, 48c; raw. 46c;
cases. 5c more: Lard Oil, extra winter strained,
barrels. 56c; No. 1, 46c; cases, 5c more; China
Nut. 45<§'530 per gallon: Pure Neatsfoot Oil,
barrels, 65c; cases, 70c; No. 1, barrels. 55c;
cases. 60c: Sperm, crude, 60c: natural white.
40c; bleached white, 45c; Whale Oil. natural
white, 40c; bleached white, 45c; Pacific Rubber
Mixed Palntß, white and house colors, $1 25«j> !
1 35 par gallon; wagon colors, $2@2 25 per gal- j
lon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH- j
THA— Water White Coal OH, In bulk. 12c per
gallon; Pearl OH. In cases. 17', t c; Astral Oil,
17V6c; Star OH. 17Hc; Extra Star OH. 21>£c'
Elaine Oil. 22Vic: Eocene Oil. mjc; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline, in bulk. 13c; In cases, 18%e; i
Benzine, In bulk. 12c; cases. 17c; 86-degree
Gasoline. In bulk. 20c: in cases, 25c.
CANDLES-Electric Light Candles-6s. 16 oz.
7%c; 6k. 14 oz, fi^c: 6s. 12 oz. 6c; 6s, 10 oz.
5V«c. Granite (Mining) Candles— 6s, 16 oz, 5.%.c;
6s. 14 oz. 7%c; 6s. 12 oz. 7%c; 6s. 10 oz, <s'4e.
Pnrafflne Wax Candles— ls, 2s. 4s, 6s, 12s, white
B>*c; colored. 9>£c.
• WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6@7c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases. 56c; in Iron barrels.
Blc: In wooden barrels, 53c per gallon.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 41c; raw, barrels,
39c; cases, 5c m^rp.
QUICKSILVER— S42 per flask for local use
and $38(838 50 for export.
STTGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6?4c: Powdered, «He; Candy
Granulated. s^c: Dry Granu'.ated, 5»4c; Confec
tioners' A. 5M.c: California A, 5Hc; Magnolia A,
KHc; Extra C. sc: Golden C, 47i,c:4 7 i,c: half-barrels.
'4c more than barrels, and boxes *4c more. No
order taken at less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef, Mutton and Lamb are lower, owing to
the raising of the railroad blockade. Veal
rules firm at the good prices. Hogs are quiet
end the packers are doing very little buying
at the moment.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6>A<?i6%c; second oual
lty. 6c: third quality. 4H®s^c.
VEAL— Large. 7H@BM:c: small. Riffmc per lb
MTTTTON-Wethers. 7@7ftc; Ewes, 6V4<ffi7c "
LAMB— BOBM-C per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, ifiiVic for large, 4V4«4V4c
for medium and WftSiAc for small; stock Hogs
|U -«j>3 C ■ dressed Hogs, 6©7 c for . prime.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, November 22.
Flour, qr sks 3,550 Straw, tons 5
Wheat, ctls 69.565 Wool, bales S2B
Barley, ctls 1,365 Lumber, ft 40,000
Oats, ctls 660 Eggs, doa 6,278
Butter, ctls 113 Quicksilver, flks. 202
Cheese, ctls 42 Wine, gals 25,800
Tallow, ctls 7» Leather, rolls 47
Beans, sks 4.314 Hides, no 585
Potatoes, sks 4,327 Pelts, bdls 274
Onions, sks 651 Raisins, bxs 9fln
Middlings, sks 250, Sugar, sks 2,500
Hay, tons 226 Sugar. bbla 105
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 15.33'J, Bran, sks 8,745
Barley, ctls 3,450 Shorts, sks 1.2^0
Oats, ctls 2.220 Wheat, ctls ».^»u
Potatoes, sks 1.891 Onions, sks I* 9
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 40>i .Alfalfa Seed, sks 150
THE STOUK MARKET.
The feeling In mining stocks was weak,
though prices showed little change.
The Confidence assessment falls delinquent In
office to-day and the Savage delinquent sale
takes place also. " ;
• In local securities the leading changes were
an advance in Hawaiian Commercial to $50 and
in Giant Powder to $57 23, the other stocks re
maining about the same. • " - "-'f;^^'.:'
A special meeting of the stockholders of the
Holmes Mining Company will be held to-day,
to vote upon a proposition to create a bonded
indebtedness of $170,000. ..-' ' ,_ .
The Mammoth Mining Company of Utah has
declared a dividend of 5c per share, amounting
to $20,0C0, payable November 30.
At the annual meeting of the Occidental Con
solidated Mining Company 75.000 shares out of
100,000 were represented and the old board of
directors was re-elected, composed of George R.
Wells, Herman Zadig. A. S. Wollbera.-John
McCarthy and Nat T. Messer. George R.
Wells ' was elected president, '. Herman Zadlg
vice president, A. K. Durbrow secretary and
A T. Eager, superintendent. The last-re
ceived official letter says that work i was re
sumed November 15, • raising and stoptng ore
on the 450 level, 240 feet north of chute No. 4.
A well-defined body of > ore exists at this point,
which has been opened up a distance of i 0
feet, showing a width of 12 feet from the foot
wall, with no hanging wall yet in sight. Aver
age assays show 12.6 ounces of silver and $4 13
in gold per ton. The work of developing the
new ore body is rapidly progressing. ' • .-
The Homestake mine of South Dakota has
declared a double dividend, which will be pay
able on the 25th inst. at the rate of 25c per
share regular and 25c per share extra, the two
aggregating $62,500. -
At •— annual meeting of the Pennsylvania
Mining Company in Grass Valley on Monday
the following directors were elected: John M.
Thomas, Edward Fitzsimmons. F. Zeitler, D.
E. Matteson and T. H. Wilhelm. T. H. Wil
helm was elected president. D. E. Matteson
vice president F. J. Thomas secretary and the
Citizens'. Bank treasurer. Bennett Ople was re
appointed superintendent. The material for
the new 10-stamp. mill is on the ground.
The following ore shipments were made by
I rail from the mines of Eureka and Hamilton
I districts, Nevada, for the week ending Novem
! ber 18: Alexandria mine, 6680 pounds; Dia
! mond, 62,410; Eureka Con., 103,390; Eureka Tun
! nel, 12,260; Jackson. 63.740: Republic, 24,270;
! Richmond. 74,010: from Hamilton—Minoletti.
i 34,150; Rocco— Smith & Jackson. 127.850.
The annual meeting of the Giant Powder Con
solidated Company will be held to-day.
The annual meeting of the Mexican Mining
Company has been called for December 6.
The Honolulu Sugar Company has re-elected
the old directors and officers, with E. H. Shel
don as secretary.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Nov. 22—10:30 a. m.
Bid. Ask.' . Bid. Ask.
U. S. Bonds— 8 F G & E.... 84* 84%
4s quar coup.. 112 113 'San Fran — 3Vi
4s quar reg...111%111% Stockton Gas.. — 15
4s quar new... 127 127% ' Insurance—
Is quar coup... 105%106 Flrem's Fund.2o9 —
Miscellaneous— ' Water Stocks—
Cal-st Cab .115 117 iContra Costa.. 60 54
Cal El 6s 125 — |Marin Co 50 —
C C Wat 53.... — Spring Valley.lol 101%
Dup-st ex c... — 98% Bank Stocks—
EL. & P 65..130 — Anglo-Cal 68 64
F &Cl Ry 63.114 — Bank of Ca1...250 252%
j Geary-st R ss. — 100 Cal SD & T.. 98 100
HC & S 5..101 104 First Nationl.2lo 215
IL A LCo 6s. - 100 Lon P & A....132 132%
] Do gntd 65.. 98%102 |Mer Exchange— 16
1 Market-st 65. -.128% — Nev Nat 8....175 177%
Do Ist M 55.115%116% Savings Banks—
N C NGRy 78.108 — Ger S & L..1625 1635
! N Ry Cal 65.. 113% — Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 55..104% — Mutual Say. — 45
N P C'R-R 63.103 — jS F Say U.. 495 —■.
NPC R R 55.100%101 S& L 50.... — 100
i N Cal R R ss. — — | Security S B 300 350
'■ Oak Gas 55.... 109 — j Union T C 0.1060 1 —
iOm Ry 6s 126% — ' Street Railroads—
P&CI Ry 6s. — 107 California ....10^-s —
IP & O6s 112 — Geary 45 —
I Powell-st 65... — 123 Market-st 55% 56
! Sac El Ry as. 100 — Presidio ....... 9 10
■SF &N P 58.110 110% Powder—
I SierraßCal 65.104%105% California —135 145
:SPof Ar 65.. 109 — E Dynamite... 85 " —
J S P Cal 65....111% — Giant Con Co. 57i —
SPC Is eg 65..101 — Vigorit 2*; 3
SPBr 65......116 — Miscellaneous—
8 V Water 6s. 118*;— • 'Al Pac .103*4104
' S V Water 4s. 102-* — Ger Ld Wk5..160 —
! 8 V ,W45(3dm).101% — ,Hana P C 0... .17% 17%
Stktn Gas 65..100 — |H C & S Co.. 50* i 50%
' Gas & Electric— Hutch S P Co. 65% 65%
I Cent Gaslight. 105 — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
I Cent L & P... 10% 11% Oceanic S Co. 61% 62
Mutual El Co. 12% 13% Pac A A... 1% 2%,
! Oakland Gas.. 52 53 j Pac C Bor C 0.106.106 —
! Pac Gas Imp.. 83 86% Par Paint Co. 7«i —
Pac L C 0..... 47% — ' ; \
'Morning Session.
Board— '• ■" " ' •
15 Giant Powder Con 57 to
" 10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar: 48 50
60 Market Street Railway.: 55 50 '
20 Hutchinson S P C0.:..i.. 65 62%
145 Hutchlnson S P Co 65 75
$5000 Los Angeles Light bonds (guartd). 98 00
i $5000 Los Angeles Light Bonds (guartd). 99 00
i $15,000 Los Angeles Light Bonds (guartd). 93 50
25 Mutual Electric Light 12 00
10 Mutual Electric Light 1175
10 Mutual Electric Light 1160
' 5 Mutual Electric Light.... : 12 12%
j $500 V S 3 per cent Bonds 105 00
100 Vigorit Powder 2 87%
Street—
10 Bank of California 25100
Afternoon Session.
Board— :;.■*•■■;-.>:
105 Giant Powder Con 57 25
10 Hana Plantation Co ; 17 62%
15 Hutchinson S P Co 65 75
85 Market Street Railway 55 75
10 S F Gas & Electric. C 0....:......... 84 75
10 S F Gas & Electric C 0..... 84 50
• 60 S F Gas & Electric Co ....84 25
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 00
10S.F Gas & Electric Co 84 12%
15 Spring Valley Water 10100
| 20 Spring Valley Water 10125
35 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar .49 50
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar ASOA 50 00
15 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 50 25
15 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 50 50
I 320 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 50 75
175 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 51 00
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar ..... 50 87%
15 Mutual Electric Light ': 13 00
45 Mutual Electric Light ...13 12%
INVESTMENT BOARD. : .
• Morning Session.
5S F Gas & Electric... 84 75
Afternoon Session.
50 Mutual Electric :... 12 50
150 Hawaiian 49 25
5 S F Gas & Electric 84 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday: ■ . ,
Morning Session. '
200 Alta ! 200 Gould & Curry 18
I 100 Belcher 26 100 Mexican .. 29
! 100 Best & Belcher. 38 300 Ophir .... 70
i 1000 Con Cal & Va.l 251100 Savage ...". *" 80
j $00 Crown Point. .. 22! m
Afternoon Session.
1200 Belcher 261100 Potosi .... IK
400 Best & Belcher. 37 200 Savage ' " oft
100 Chollar 2b 200 Scorpion "" M
300 Con Cal & Va.l 25 500 Seg Belcher""" 03
200 Mexican 28 600 Sierra Nevada" 1 20
500 Occidental 59 200 Silver Hill nfi
200Ophlr ....:...... 68 °*
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: ■ *■"
: Morning Session.
! 300 Alta 10 200 Crown Point.. V 21
1 600 Alta ..;..:....... 11 200 Justice ...:.. - £
600 Alta 12 300 Potos: . ' T«
I 600 Best & Belcher. 38 300 Savage "** m
500 Challenge Con:. 19 1500 Savage""""" fa
400 Con Cal & Va.l 27% 600 Sierra Nevada'i'mi
200 Con Cal & Va..l 30 300 Union Con 33
500 Crown Point.... 20 1900 Union Con '.'.'.'. 32 i
:. Afternoon Session.
800 Alpha Coo ..... 04 400 Mexican ' 28
400 Alta 12 150 Ophlr "' TO
400 Best & Belcher. 37 100 Ophlr *" «9
200 Con Cal & Va.l 27% 800 Savage'"" 19
150 Con Cal & Va..l 25 ass Nevada!i' 17%
300 Crown Point.... 23 200 Sier^ Nevada P£
IS 523? lnt- • • g,™™«« C0n....... 30
200 Gould & Curry-. 19 ~
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Nov. 22.— p. m.
. . _ • Bid.Ask. • Bid.Ask.
Alpha C0n...... 08 04 Julia 01 02
Alta ............. 11 .14 Justice .........— 20
Andes 08 09 Kentuck - 06 07
Belcher ........ 25 26 Lady Wash.... — 02
Benton Con — 10 Mexican ." 27 28
Best & Belcher 37 38 Occidental 63 —
Bullion ......... 06 07 Ophir 69 70
Caledonia 23 25 Overman 05 06
Chollar... .. 25 28 Potosi 14 15
Challenge Con.. 18 20 Savage 19 20
Confidence 68 73 Scorpion —.05
Con Cal & Va.l 25 130 Seg Belcher.... »2 03
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 1151 20
Crown Point... 22 23 Sliver Hill 05 06
Con New York. — 03 Syndicate ...... 03 ' —
Eureka Con 30 —Standard ; 175 —
Exchequer ..;.. 02 • 03 Union C0n...... 30 31
Gould & Curry. IS 19 Utah V 15 16
Hale & Norcrs.l 15 120 Yellow Jacket. 21 22
' ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Company.
Day of
Sale.
Savage .. ■...;....■..
Bullion ' ......:....
Belcher .;.........
on. New Tor
on. Imperial.:...
Justice ............
Chcllar ...'.........
Crown Point
Alta ...;.
Mexican
Best & Belcher...
Confidence
Alpha ........;....
Se*. Belcher......
Occidental ..w.."..
Potosl .............
Gould" A Curry
Overman .;.......
N, CkmW & Curry
98
BS
69
..Nov.
..Nov.
..Nov.
..Nov.
..Nov.
. . Nov .
..Nov.
..Nov.
..Nov.
[..Nov.
..Nov.
..Nov.
..Nov.
..Nov.
..Nov.
..Dec.
..Deo.
[..Dec.
|..D«c.
..Nov.
..Not.
..Nov.
..Nov.
..Dec.
..Dec
..Dec.
..Dec.
..Dec.
..Dec.
..Dec.
..Dec.
. . Dec.
..Dec.
I.. Dec.
..Dec.
..Dec.
..Jan.
..Jan.
THE CALL'S CALENDAR,
Ft.
Moot* .:
"4i Novem
3
*
iJ
23
j£»v New Moo a.
W November 13.
•^ S"lr*t Quarter,
jr NoTember Jj.
©Full \oon.
Norember X!.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrograph
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange ii
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners,, without regard to nationality and
fr Nav°iga to?| n fre cordially Invited to vlrittta
office where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce. ■ P rrv
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States blgnal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal. •
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. Is published
in the morning papers the '?? l 'oo n a T J^, a
\\ . S. HLutlbs,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city from (M.ssionrstreet wharf) about
twenty- five minute* later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both place*.
WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 23.
— —^ ■ 6*KQ
Sun rises " " 4-51
Sun sets ••"•■"",'.«'"■ liL
Moon seta • ii ' iB *• "•
Ft.
Ft.
1:01
1:47
3:11
2."l
b:io
8:54
9:30
10:04
4:29
5:09
I.
5.5 2:10
6.7 2:59
5.9 3:46
6.0 4:81
5.9 5:13
H W
3.1 10:39
3.3 11:15
S
0
8:36
9:3*
10:38
11:32
4.3
4.3
4.8
4.3
H W
4.:
5.
5.
1:11
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The height*
given are additions to the soundings on the
T'nitf>d States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the heigh?,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N-, Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal., No
vember. 22. 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. a. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Navarro j
PrnKreso
Empire
Homer
Orizaba
Walla Walla....
Mackinaw
Pomona
Cleveland
Navarro Yaquina Bay I Nov. 23
ProKreso I Seattle ! Nov . 23
Empire Coos Bay I Nov. 23
Homer ]Coos Bay |Nov. 23
Orizaba Newport INov. 'IS
Walla Walla.... Victoria & Puget SoundiNov. 23
Mackinaw Tacoma j Nov. 23
Pomona ] Humboldt Nov . 23
Cleveland iPuget Sound Nov. 24
State CaliforniajPortland Nov. 25
Santa Rosa |San Diesro Nov. 25
Samoa iHumboldt Bay Nov. 25
North Fork iHumboldt Nov. 25
Ohilkat [Humboldt Nov. 28
Coos Bay Newport Nov. 27
Arcata |Coos Bay Nov. 27
Leelanaw : Seattle Nov . 27
Geo. W. Elder. .(Portland Nov. 23
Umatilla [Victoria & Puget SoundiNov. 28
Corona ! San Diego 'Nov. 29
San Bias ! Panama Nov. 23
Del Norte .'Crescent City Nov. 30
Columbia -Portland ...Dec. 1
Chas. Nelaon... {Seattle Dec. 1
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
1 Pl«.
rona jSan Diego INov. 23, 11 am Pier It
antung . JChlna&JapanjNov. 28, 1 pm;PMS3
ilumbia ..'Portland ! Nov. 24. 10 am:Pier 2*
imer jCoos Bay INov. 24, 5 pm'Pter 13
-tzaba ;Newport INov. 25, OamiPlerll
>mona ... Humboldt Nov. 25, 2 pmjPier 9
ate of CalPortland Nov. 27, 10 am, Pier 24
hta Rosa. iSan Diego Nov. 27. 11 am|Pier il
alia Wall! Vic & Pirt Sd. Nov. 27. 10 am Pier 9
illkat ;Humboldt [Nov. 27. 2 pmPier 13
ty Sydney Panama Nov. 28, 12 miPMSS
ioa Bay...lNewport Nov. 29, 9 anrPler 11
eveland . iPuget Sound.. Nov. 29
iptic ! China* Japan i Nov. 29. 1 pm PMSS
•cata I Coos Bay jNov. 29, 10 amlPier 13
W. ElderlPortland iNov. 3<>. 10 amiPier 24
iana iSydney |Nov.30, 2 pmjPler 7
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, November 22.
Stmr Columbia, Green, . 68 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 48 hour*.
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, 10 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Buckartl, 40 hours from
Santa Barbara. ,
: Stmr Westport, Peterson, 68 hours from New*
port. '
Haw bark Santiago, Entrails, 14 days from
Hlla.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel. 48 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Ruby A Cousins. Knudserv»4E4 days from
Grays Harbor.
Sehr La Chllena, Matsen, 9 hours from Fort
Ross.
CLEARED.
' • Tuesday, November 22.
Stmr Queen. Jepsen. Victoria and Port
Townsend: Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Ship Servia, Gilmore, New York; John Rosen
feld's Sons. ■ , _ „
Ship A G Ropes, Rivers, Liverpool; Balfour.
Haw bark Mauna Ala, Smith. Port Townsend:
Williams, Dimond & Co.
SAILED.
' Tuesday, November 22. .
U S stmr Philadelphia. White, Acapulco.;-;
Stmr Signal. Bendegard, Grays Harbor
Stmr Alcatrai. Carlson.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Weeott, Dunham, "iaqulna Bay.
'IS? Arcata, Reed. C Bo w?n a ;Landin fc
Stmr Monterey. Beck. Bowens Landing;
Stmr Grace Dollar. Fosen.
Stmr Greenwood. Faererlund.
Stmr Excelsior. Downing Seattle.
Stmr Queen. Jepsen. ctorla -
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson. ,„,_ '
Ichr Transit. Jorgenson. Honolulu.
Sohr Reliance. Steinborn.
s<*hr Viking Peterson. Coos Bay.
POINT LOBOS-Nov 22 10 p m— Weather
cl?udy; wind NW; velocity. 6 miles,
c y. CHARTERS.
The Eclipse loads lumber on the Bound for
South Africa; Dauntless, lumber at Grays Har
bor for Guanas; Maweema, lumber at Gray.
Harbor for Santa J££»£ N>
Oct 15-Lat 50 st long ,~ Br ship British
Commodore, from Barry, for Punta Arena.
rv 3l-Lat 9 N. long 28 W. Br ship Forest
»B l^^tlt^™^* Brune,.
from AntwerP M ,or ] San AFA F Fane,!: anc, !s CO.
OUEENSTOWN. Nov 22— Br ship Glenbank
arrived from Oregon and reports having en
countered gale Sept 10. 56 S 74 W. throwing
vessel on beam ends and 30 tons cargo jettt
"lONDON-Nov B-Br ship Glenbank at
Queenstown. from Oregon, Jettisoned cargo to
the extent of thirty tons'. poRTg
1 DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT <S<— Arrived Nov 22— Stmr S«
auoia, from Fort Bragg.
ASTORIA— Nov 22— ship Samoena,
from Nagasaki; Br ship Yarana, hence Oct 30.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Nov Stmr
Alcazar, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 22— Schr O M Kel
logg, from Grays Harbor. .
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 22— Stmr Samoa, hno
Nov 21: Etmr Brunswick.' hence Nov 21.
Sailed Nov 22— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran-
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed floy 22— Bktn Rob
ert Sudden, for Port Townsend and Melbourne.
SEATTLE— Nov Stmr Cleveland,
for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed out Nov 22— Ship Co
lumbia, from Tawma. for San Francisco; bark
Carrollton. f rom ■ Moodyvllle, for Adelaide. - •
PORT. TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 22— stm
Olympia. from Hongkong.
CLALLAM BAY— In port Nov 22— Br ship
Wayfarer, from Tacoma, ■ for Queenstown. ; «.
TACOMA— Nov 22— Br shlp.Kllmallle,
hence Nov 1. - - ■ " ■■■■■■-
: FOREIGN PORTS. ; : ;C
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Nov 20— Br stmr Mo- l
gul, from Astoria.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed Nov 20— Br bark Anda
man, for Waterford.
KINSALE— Passed Nov 21— Br ship Glenbank. *
from Oregon, for Queenstown. •••■■■■■
TYNE— Nov 18— Br ship Ben Dears,
hence July 11. . •■"--■
SANTA ROSALIA— SaiIed : Nov Ger ship
Schlffbek.' for Port Townsend.
CARDlFF— Arrived Nov 20— Br : ship : Many
down, from Hull. :' -•
MANlLA— Arrived Nov Stmr Senator, hno
Oct 17. „ - - .. - - - . , .;,NEFF WILL
RULE OVER
THE MINERS
Re-election of the Veteran Chief Heals All
Dissensions and Ends the Seventh
Annual Convention.
For another year Jacob H. Xeff will
direct ilic destinies of the California
Miners' Association. That much and
more has come nut of the seventh annual
ntion. Yesterday, the eecond day
and last of this year's session, meant
more to Mr. Nefl than did all the honors
that were heaped upon him in the recent
election that raised him to one of the
highest political offices in the gift of the
• of the State.
Nearly the whole day was given over
to his eulogy, and the -50 delegates who
hau gathered to the convention voiced the
love and esteem in which they hold their
veteran chief and contributed to his elec
tion.
The coming election of Mr. Neff was
heralded in the morning by Secretary
Julian Sonntag, who, against W. C. Rals
ton, had been making a hard fight for the
presidency.
Shortly after roll call Mr. Sonntag quiet
ed the bustle and confusion among the
delegates, and turning to Mr. .N'eff, said:
"Mr. Neff, If your honored self will
again accept the presidency of this asso
ciation 1 shall deem it my privilege and
pleasure to withdraw from the campaign.
No personal ambition of mine shall in
trude to mitigate the success that has
crowned this association' under your guid
ance and 1 shall give you my undivided
support."
. A roar of applause rewarded Mr. Sonn
tag for his voluntary effacement.and from
right and left the delegates came to take
him by the hand and commend him for a
manly action.
Others followed Mr. Sonntag, and In the
afternoon Governor Budd opened proceed
ings.
•Mr. Neff," said the Governor, "four
years ago officiated at my birth into pub
lic life. He was a private citizen then,
but in a few weeks the same 'Jake' Nell
Is going to play pall bearer at my political
funeral. I am . going to make my talk to
you a prophecy, and the burden of it is
that Mr. Neff will hold a longer term as
Lieutenant Governor of the State of Cali
fornia than any officer that was ever in
ducted into office. How much I have
thought of Uncle "Jake" Nefl is a matter of
record, and how much of this association
my official actions on mining matters have
proved, and before I cease to be an offi
cial I want to make a suggestion: That
Is, that at the next Legislature you have
the 5*50,000 that the State has given you
for debris dams put aside in a special fund
bo that it shall be out of reach of legisla
tion. •;-..-.-. -■
"I regret that my successor, Henry T.
Gage, one of the best men and most able
lawyers in the State, cannot be with you,
but I know that he is in heart and spirit."
. Major McLaughlin followed the Gover
nor to the stage to read a telegram of re
gret from Governor Gage, in which the
new executive .gave renewed assurances of
his friendship to mining interests.
Ex-Congressman Caminetti presented
the report of the Debris Commission, and
Congressman Julius Kahn was called to
the platform for a short pledge of his
vbice and vote for all measures that may
conduce to the enhancement of mines and
mining.
; President Neff then announced the spe
cial order for the afternoon— election
of officers for the ensuing year, and
turned over the gavel, temporarily, to
Colonel George M. Stone.
The clang of Colonel Stone's introduc
tory rap had scarce eased sounding when
Judge Niles Searls of Nevada rose, turn
ed ,io his fellows, and said: ■ .
■ F>flow i S at;-.« •: , the"M!TTers' Convention:
TTe Tiave been for years felicitating ourselves'
upon the harmony which has prevailed among
us. (Applause Universal harmony, I thfnk
1 may sa >\ has prevailed now for- seven years.
When we mixed it was feared that the
Intense antagonism between the farmers and
the miners would be Intensified by our action,
tut the wisdom exhibited by our several con
ventions, anJ by the officers whom we had
the E'icr! fortune to -select, was -such that those
animosities were swept away, and to-day the
era of good feeling "between miners and agri
culturists lias arrived.
Now we are largely indebted for this result
to the equitable conduct of the gentleman
whom we faava had to preside over us. (Ap
plause.) His love of justice, his uniform ur
l>anity to all With ■wham he came in contact
have been such, that the whole people, irre
spective of their vocations, have come to re-
Bpect and admire him. Well, it is sometimes
Bald when you get the right man in the right
place- you- had better keep him there. (.Ap
plause.)
My object here to-day, and my sole object.
Is. to keep him there. (Applause.)
My action la not put in motion by reason of
aiiy objection I have personally to any other
gentleman who may .have been or who may
now be a candidate for the position of presi
dent of this association. I know two of them
Who have been mentioned, and I have an un
limited 'admiration for them, and were I going
to lick, out two courteous gentlemanly young
men from this audience I think Ralston and
Sonntag would be among the first I should se
lect. But unfortunately their friends have
been- more zealous, , perhaps, than they have,
and I think I foresee that if we shall elect
any one except our present president for the
next year we will involve ourselves in peril,
and Injure. If not the success,' at least the
present financial status of the institution.
I know, Mr. Neff. that you do not desire to
serve any longer as president of the associa
tion. 1 know that you have labored long and
faithfully for us. I know you have said it was
stated to you last year if you would only serve
us 'Just this one more year we would excuse
you. Now let me say if such a thing as that
was said (and like enough it was). It was by
a .Democrat, and I heard a stalwart Republican
say not six weeks ago that a Democrat wouia
lie on credit when he could get cash for tell
ing the truth.
Again, Mr. you said to us the other day in
your address, which seemed like a farewell ad
dress, that you had served us for seven years.
Well. It !s not the first time that. men have
served seven years and been disappointed.
Again, it has been said that your position a?
lieutenant Governor and as president of the
Senate may In some way which has never been
defined Interfere with your duties as the presi
dent of this association. I cannot for the life
POSTUM CEREAL.
A CANADIAN LADY
Gives Her Experience With Coffee.
My pick headache and dull, languid,
sleepy feelings have all gone since I
'""'"-C
MRS. MATTHEWS,
Uffington, Ontario, Canada.
have quit the use of coffee and taken to
Postum Cereal Food Coffee.
You may be sure thai I have aban-
doned the use of common jjoffee alto-
gether.
A number of my friends in Ohio.
Michigan and here in Canada have
been greatly benefited by discarding
coffee and ~ usin? J'ostum. I have
known cases where people. disliked the
taste of Postum, but upon inquiry I
havf discovered that it is because
they <liv not allow it to boil lone:
enough, and I know that this is always
true in such cases. No one can get a
good cup of Postum without it is prop-
erty made, and that is simple and easy
enough if one will only follow the direc-
tions.
| of me see how any question that affects the
I general public should Interfere In any way in
I your position as Lieutenant Governor. If mat
ters arise for legislation wherein your private
interests are involved and yet you may pre
side over the Senate, why in the name of all
that !s great and good may you not when my
interests are involved and those of all these
gentlemen here preside over our association?
Again, it has been said that your health was
not a-! strong as it lias been heretofore. Now,
sir, that remark is the most tender point to all.
You have not a friend In this broad State who
would undertake to do anything which in his
Judgment would Interfere with your physical
condition or place undue pressure upon your
mental condition. But 1 will tell you what
we will do. We want your influence. We
n^ed it, and we want a man at our head who
in the future as he has in the past will elicit
universal confidence. In the name then of
high heaven I implore you: In the name of this
association" I ask you as an old, true and tried
friend, as a man who has stood by us when we
were in childhood, in our youth, and until we
have reached our early manhood, that you do
not at this critical moment leave us to our own
devices when we are old. And I think you
must realize that you can do much for us.
As to the matter of overtaxing you. let us
select a good stalwart vice president, who will
do the work, who will become an entered ap
prentice and go on and become a journeyman
during this year, that we may make him our
commander for the next. ",' ' ' :
You. sir, have been our Admiral Dewey. Do
you think Dewey would quit and go home even
if his health was not very good in case some
trouble wculd arise down in Manila? I rather
think not. I think he would stick It out and
fight it out and continue to abide in the hearts
of the 1 American people, as you have done, and
I trust whatever your action may be, as you
will ever Co.
While the applause that followed Judge
Searls' remarks was quieting. Judge F.
Adams of El Dorado took a position near
the platform and in a ringing speech' sec
onded Mr. Neff's nomination. He was
followed by Tirey L. Ford and Judge
Bush of Shasta, and when the vote was
put every man in the house rose to his
feet with a shout and a cheer for Neff.
Julian Sonntag again won the. cheers of
the convention by rising to place in nomi
nation for the vice presidency William U.
Ralston, his erstwhile opponent, and Mr.
Ralston was seated by acclamation.
Tirey L. Ford nominated Samuel J.
Hendy, incumbent, for treasurer, and
Mr. Hendy was elected with no more dif
ficulty than the others. •
The only fight was on the secretaryship.
R. H. Turner of Nevada City was placed
in nomination by Judge Walling, who said
that if his man was not elected 1 Nevada
County would turn up next year 500
strong and take every office in the asso
ciation.
J. M. Wright of Alameda name*! Ed
ward H. Benjamin, and when the Voting
ended Benjamin had won out by a score'
of 320 to 249. : .. ; ; .. ■. ■ . -.. -
The executive committee was .named as
follows: i \ :
Alnmeda— Frank A. T.pa-h. Felix Chnpp'let.
Aniflfior— J. F. Parks. E. C. Voorheis; RWte—
A. Kkman, W. P. Hamninn: Calaveras — W. C.
Honnold, F. .1. Snllnsky: El Dorado— H. H. Ten
Broeck. H. E. Pickett; Nevada— B. S. Rector,
.1. Mcßrtde; San Francisco— J. F. Halloran, S.
Mooney: Placer — T. J. Nichols. Amos Stevens,
Santa Oiara— Charles C. Derby, Rnbert Bul
more; Sierra— Frank R. Wane. J. Jones; Slskl
you—A. .(',. Meyers, H. H. Hunter: Shasta— M.
E. K.ttman, J. M. Cleaves; Trinity— John Mc-
Murray. P. Pauls. ,n: Tu.Himne — M. G. Lonß:.
.1. <;. Hipper; i'ulia— James O'Brien, J seph
Durfee; I'lunmj- Jcish Turner, Dlxon Brabbon.
The first regular business of the day
was the adoption of the report of the
resolution committee, which contained
suggestions Jooking to beneficial mining
legislation. Congressman de Vries ad
dressed the convention and pave a "ood
liit of sound advice on legislative proced
ure.
Invitations to attend were read from th«
Ingleside racing people and the Oakland
Exposition, and to-day a number of the
delegates will visit both attractions.
State Mineralogist Cooper offered the
as&ociation secretary an office at the new
bureau in the Ferry building and the
proffer was accepted with thanks.
The numerous committees were in
structed to meet last evening at the Pal
ace Hotel, and upon motion of Judge Wall-
I ing the convention was adjourned sine die.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK, Tuesday, Nov. 22, 1898.— Eighth day of
the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track muddy.
EDWIN F. SMITH, Presiding Judge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL, Starter.
Q^O FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index.. Horse.
Weight
St.
Vim.
%m.
%m. Str.
Jockeys.
167 Rio Chico... 10$ 2
231 Sam McKeever ....M8 6
208 Ocorona 112 1
162 Bonibel 107 7
231 Stamina 108 5
181 CrciEsmollna 185 4
167 Gilt Edge 105 8
... La Parasseuse 107| 3
1 h
5 3
3 1
4 h
7 '
6 h
2 h
12.
2 h
3 1%
5 3
6 %
7 3
8
4 1
1 Mr 1 1'4 Heauchamp ..
2 4 2 h Powell
3 3 S3 Plggott
6 Mi 4 1 Thorpe
4 4 5 1 J. ReifT
6 Vi 6 4 H. Martin
8 7 20 Jones
7 5 8 IBullman
4
9-5
. 6 ■
3
4
. 6
15
15
4
2
6
9-2
7
10
25
40
Tim<\ 1:11. Winner, W. B. Pink Jr.'s ch. g. by imp. Chesterfield-Jennie D. Good start.
Won cleverly. Second and thin! driving.
ttlo Chlco had bf-st luck and liked the going. Stamina don't seem to be of much ac-
count. Gilt Edge is a big lumbering fellow that requires hard riding. He was out of
his class. Ocorona is on the improve.
C\AA\. SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Weight. St
%m.
Vtm.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
Index.. II rse.
(22H) Marplot 1081 5
22T» Imperious 106 6
i'232) Inverary II W- 3
... Daisy F 103 2
2:;r First Call 108 7
22? Magnus 1051 4
Beau Monde 108! 8
242 Losette :
(22M Marplot WRl 5 44 2^4 23 25 12 IThorpe 1 7-5
nperious 166 4 I 1 '. 12 12 1 1V4 2 5 |.T. Ward 10 8
i'232) Inverary II 107' 3 2<4 3 l ,4 3h 44 3h I Ever Mil 7 12
... Daisy F IN 1 6h 4H <4 3h 4 R H. Martin.... 3 5-2
236 First Call 1W 7 i". h 5 Vi r> 5 5 6 B 4 iRutter 8 4
223 JlnRnus 1*051 4 R 7 10 fi 4 6 10 6 10 II. Powell 25 30
... Beau Monde UiK ! 8 72 6h 7 10 78 7 15 Bullman ! 2.-> SO
242 I^sette 106 1 3h 8 8 8 8 Frawley | 30 80
Time, 1:30. Winner. Burns *• Warehouse's b. c. by Imp. Rossington-Marjory. Good
start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Marplot clearly the best. The going suited Imperious. First Call apparently likes a
hard track. Daisy F ran a fair ruce.
4 4
1 •'.
2 4
6 h
5 h
8
7 2
3 h
2 Mi
1 2
3 Ml
4 Mi
5 V.
7 10
6 h
8
2 3
1 2
3 h
4 4
r, 5
C 4
7 10
8
25
1 1V4
4 4
3 h
.■> 6
6 10
7 8
8
1 2
2 5
3 h
4 R
r. 4
6 10
7 15
8
1 t «£*:.,
j.I. Ward
Everson
H. Martin....
iRutter
II. Powell
Bullman
Frawley
(}A^L THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight .'
w.m.
%m.
Str.
23fi Mainstay, 6 105 1 5 ... 3 Mt 2h 2 1 12 IH. Martin 1 3-5
23« Zorazzn. 4 107)3 ... 4 Vi 4 1 3h 2 1V4 Ututter 25 15
242 Bweet Willlnm. 4. .107! 6 ... 2h 11 12 3h IThorpe 2 5-2
22C Tna Colorado. 6. ...112' 4 ... 5fi 515 R 20 420 IPipgott 7 12
2?A Flora Hawk, 3 971 2 ... 12 3 Mr 4% BB !J. Woods 8 23
217 Viking, 4 I0?| 1 ... 6 6 6_ _6 JKellas 40 100
Time. 1:17'4. Winner. H. I. Jones & Co.'s ch. h. by Imp. Mariner-Queen Emma. Good
btait WOO first three .lrivirrx.
Mainstay had the dan. At that lie Is below his last year'i form. Zorazzo was well
played. William di-.Rced it badly the last few yards. Colorado should have been third.
C% ACt FOURTH RACE— One mile; special; all ages; purse, $500?
- |
Index. Horse. Ape. Weight. (St.
Vim.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
233 Morellltn. 3.. 106 2 2 IVi 3 2 2 lh In H. Martin.... 2 3
(233) Imp. Mistral II. 4.,112 1 1 '4 lh lh 2 2 2h :i'icxott | 8-S 8-2
233 Qstltr Joe, a llll: _;— »2'.» , 3 2h-3 3 3. [Thorpe •_— nLjJ__i: 5
* : Time, 1:43%. Winner, M. Storn's br. c. by Morello-Miss Cromwell. Good start. Won
first throe driving:.
'' Ostler Joe plainly the best. He was ridden the "overland", and lost over a length in
the stretch through Thorpe pulling from the outside to inside position. Plggott on Mis-
tral gave Martin a dose of rough riding tactics. Morellito was well ridden and finished all
'put. . ' ; __J : -^' j . > r : '
233 Morellito, 3 1M 2
(23.1) Imp. Mistral II. 4..11J 1
tier Joe, a.. 112 *
2 \Vt
l <A
3
3
1 h
2 h
2 2
1 h
3
1 h
2 2
3
1 n
2 h
3 .
J
r\ AT FIFTH RACE— Four and a half furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $400.
index.. Barm.
Weight. 'St.
'/«m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
219 Jerry Hunt ™-i 'i
21R Fellcite *» 3
237 Faversham l'»V l
ttt St. Kristlne 1«1 2
218 Silver Beuux U* 6
2is Aliano 105 LL._
*"* "
1 m
3 2
4 I
6 12
6
2^
1 3
2 h
4 10
5 5
<
3 1%
13
2 2
3 5
r> 3
'. ■ 6
i 4 4
1 2
2 1%
3 S
4 h
5 4'
6 '■'
Ward
Woods
Bullman ...... |
E. Jones
Norton,
KSnau
7-5 1
20 25
E P
3 9-2
3 4
7 ' 10
lEvana
Time <57U Winner, B. Schrelber's b. c. by Servitor-Innocence. Good start except Sil-
ver Beaux Won first three driving.
j'Vry four,:l easy game. Fellclte will improve. Silver Beaux was virtually left. He
would -have won. '
A O SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
4-o» ■ : ■ ■- • • '•"''■■ '
; purse, $400.
Horse. Age. Weight, i
3t.
5
r,
3
2
1
4
*
Vim.
3~h
6
2 2
4 1
1 h
5 2
Hm.
3 1
5 h
1 Mi
4 h
2 1
6
\%m.
%m.
2 1
4 1
1%
52 '
3 1
««;
*m.
Str.
Str.
1 2
1 1
2 2
fi 6
4 3
I
Fin. Jockeys.
1 n |H. Martin....
2 5 Thorpe
3 2 Powell
4 2 iBullman
6 18 ]Qny
8 I Frawley
... | Ward
Fin.
£? T.nii-« «!touffcr. 4. ..109 5 l h 31 M 12 in' H. - Martin.... 1 9-5
M- I>?1pstnr 4 ...?.. 107 G .6 • . 5h 4 1 3 1 2 5 • Thorpe 2 5-2
22S l5dv-BritaVnic.+..lO2 3 22 » 1% 2 2 3 2 Powell ........ 12 7
I,r rv^tore V V.... W2 2 4 1 4h . 52 ' 66 4 2- Bullman ...... ■ 3 ■ 4
'■■■' Little Alarm 3 ....101 1 lh 21.. Jl 4 3 6 18 Gray 10 25'
ial.Tom SmU™'4T 102 4 5 2. 6 < , 6;. « 8' Fj-awley ...... 30 50
216 Greyhurst; 4...V 1021* • • '•• ' i^ard | 6 8
•lift
Time 1-31%. Winner. H. L. Jones & Co.'s eh. g. by Cassatt-Brlgand Girl. Good start
except Greyhurst. Won first three driving. ' , ItHUlitijlHIl *HH|T»IH||i J)l
Awav better Lodestar would have won. He carried the wise support.' Britannic stopped
as wire' was neared. Dolore was fancied by her stable. Her race was below form.
8-5 9-5
2 5-2
12 7
3 4
10 25
30 50
6 8
THE SA!N FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1898.
MORELLITO IN
FRONT OF TWO
STURDY MILERS
Mistral II and Ostler
Joe His Game.
i
FOUR FAVORITES FINISH FIRST
RIO CHICO TOO FAST FOR SAM
McKEEVER.
Marplot Won Again — Mainstay-
Picked Up a Purse — Lodestar
Beaten in a Hard Drive by
Judge Stouffer.
Seldom has a better equine bout been
witnessed— that Is from a spectacular
standpoint— than the mile special furnish
ed at Ingleside yesterday. There were but
three starters — imp. Mistral, Ostler Joe,
each with 112 pounds up, and the three
year-old Morellito, shouldering 106. The
latter won, chiefly through the superb
saddle work of "Skeets" Martin. The bet
ting favored Ostler Joe, the black horse
at one time being an even money choice
In the ring. Mistral was an extensively
backed second choice, with any amount
of 3 to 1 obtainable about Mat Storn'3
colt.
Caldwell let the trio away to an even
break, and, locking horns on the back
stretch, they raced almost head and head
to the bend for home. Piggott, on Mis
tral, here carried the others wide, Thorpe
being compelled to take the black horse
back and come down on the inside. It
cost him the race. In a furious drive
Morellito beat Mistral a head, with the
Montana Hindoo a neck further away.
"Skeets" earned a round of well deserv
ed applause from the "bleachers" and
stand.
The track was slushy, but the crowd
invariably managed to pick the right one,
to the intense disgust of the ring. Sam
McKeever and Ostler Joe were the only
beaten favorites.
Garnet Ferguson's Montana purchase,
Sam McKeever, was installed favorite for
the five and a half furlong sprint for two
year-olds, and though putting in a strong
bid was led over the line by Rio Chico,
with Beauchamp in the saddle. The win
ner was well backed at odds of 4 to 1.
Marplot seems to experience no difficul
ty now in running up to form. The big
bay colt went to the post a 7 to 5 choice
for the seven furlong run next decided,
and catching Imperious in the run to the
wire beat the Schrieber entry with appa
rent ease. In a long, hard drive Ever
son with Inverary II snatched show
honors from Daisy F by a head.
The original seven furlong nurse event
was declared off and a six furlong run
substituted. Mainstay was an overwhelm
ing public choice, and won as he pleased
from Zorazzo, an outsider with quite a
following.
The four and a half furlong spin pro
vided for maiden two-year-olds fell an
easy victim to Jerry Hunt, the entry of
Barney Schreiber. Backed from 7 to 5 to
even money. Jerry showed the way from
the start, winning with little in reserve
from Felieite, a 25 to 1 shot. Silver BeA-UX,
owing to his rider's stupidity, was vlr
tuallv left at the post.
Judge Stouffer. the favorite, and J>o<le
star, carrying the select money, engaged
in a duel in the last event, at seven fur
longs. The Judge struck the stretch in
front, and, stalling off Thorpe's chal
lenge with Lodestar, Martin got. the first
choice over the line a neck in the lead.
Track itfotes,
The Antrim Stock Farm yearlings will be
sold at Occidental Horse Exchange to-night.
Hill I-angford. formerly sheet writer for
George Rose, dropped in from Chicago yester-
day.
'Kid" Weller, the plunjrer, will not get out
this way until well into December.
Ed Purser, after a fairly successful season
East, is here again. He was busily engaged
yesterday studying up the "dope."
Pete Rlley. the well-known penciler, and a
fresh arrival from the Eastern country, strung
quite a bunch of coin on the chances of Mistral
II In the mile special.
Charley and Tom Quinn are expected within
a few days. Charley should infuse some life
Into the game, as he lays it down in good
sized chunks.
"Moose" Taylor states that Harry Landeman
will be out here shortly to book.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Six furlongs; two-*-ear-ol<3s.
241 Casdale 113, 231 Airrfoner 11J
231 Llmewater 1131 222 Rainier 115
234 Elizabeth R 103 j 241 Don't Tell 103
225 Los Medanos 113 j (237)Boardman 113
... Gauntlet 1131
Second Race— >Stx furlongs; maidens.
232 Sokombeo 102 232 Durward 101
232 Pongo 99 232 Yorlck 96
... Morabella 102
Third Race— One mile; selling; all ages.
20S Doremus 70, 218 Ulm 74
(220)Bonnie lone 98 244 Magnus 93
242 Benamela 107. 165 Hazard 103
228 Bliss Rucker 9(5 234 Jingle Jingle 76
(224)Outaway 110j 40 Adam Andrew.. los
110 Polish 1051
Fourth Race — One and a half miles; Golden
West Stakes.
213 Buckwa 11l (244) Marplot 101
(227)Bernardillo 109'
Fifth Race— One and a sixteenth miles;
hurdle.
217 J O C 147| 221 Masoero 138
245 Viking 136 229 Ockturuck 123
217 P F 136 240 Reddington 146
217 Granger 146
Sixth Race— Eleven-sixteenths of a mile; sell
ing.
245 Zorazzo 122, 224 Jack o' lantern. 119
223 Formella 104 23? Fleming 104
236 Aluminum 104 240 Flora Hawk 104
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Los Medanos, Almoner, Casdale.
Second Race— Sokombeo, Pongo, Morabella.
Third Race— Jingle Jingle, Benamela, Bonnie
lone.
Fourth Race— Bernardino, Marplot, Buckwa.
Fifth Race— ReddiOßton, Viking, Granger.
Sixth Race— Formella, Aluminum, Zorazzo.
The Story Was Too Straight.
United States Attorney Foote made a
novel exception yesterday in the United
States District Court in the case of Hui
Gnow Doy. a Chinese immigrant, wno
claimed to be a Native Son. The testi
mony given by the "professional uncle"
dovetailed exactly with the statement
made by the young "American" on board
the steamer, and left Commissioner Hea
cock no other course except to recommend
his release by the court. When the report
was presented to Judge de Haven. Mr.
Foote excepted to the recommendation.
He argued that the remarkable unanimity
of the statements made by the witnesses
was the most suspicious fact about the
case. The stories dovetailed too niceiy
to "be true. There was no doubt that the
applicant was a Chinaman. He could not
speak a word of English, and it should be
the rule in such cases that wherever there
was a doubt the ooubt should be applied
In favor of the Government.
You will find the latest things m wall
paper at Clark's. C 53 Market street. •
In' the Divorce Courts.
Julie Cincella has been granted a di
vorce from Gaston H. Cincella on the
ground of extreme cruelty. AVilliam S.
Johnson has sued Mary A. Johnson for a
divorce on the ground of cruelty. Suits
for divorce on the ground of desertion
have been tiled by George Hernandez j
against Mac Hernandez and Sarah C. I
Pickens against Arthur C. Piekens. Ida
Berggren has applied for a divorce from
An tone Berggren. alleging intemperance
as a cause of action.
I 1I 1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
# . . • ... ■ .
The State Medical Institute Discovers &
Remarkable Remedy for .Lost
'.Vigor. '
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
■..-'■ - — • ■ • - .'
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakn • resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak tack, varico-
cele. or emaciation of parts can now cur»
themselves at home. ",,-;' . ". \
The remedy has a peculiarly ; grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired, location, giving strength
and development just where it Is needed.
It cures all the. ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building. Fort Wayne, Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great cla&a
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy It is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The In-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay. / .:•;•
n^/^aJ/ WHEN YOU
/^^s*fj?r-7ip>^^^. Require an ELEC-
fiSi&^# TRie BELT sei " Dr -
| Plerce's" and you will
-^^iffi-L^ not be disappointed,
-y^— Call or address PIERCE ,
' n .'.f ELECTRIC CO., 620
Market st. (opp. Palace Hotel), S. F. '
MCTD\/ITA Hwwro vitality
IMCnVI I M LOST VIGOR.
jg&M*k mv AND MANHOOD
ffigSWW "" I Cures Impottncy Ni^hi Emissions an.d wasting
MKm^Bfl diseases, all effects of telf'abusc, cr 'excess and
*Sj^ JR\ indiscretion. A nerve/tcmic and blood-builder.
%» dffj> Brings the pink glow to pile cheeks and re* !
» K>>**J ! •tore* the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
iFaVC'-^S'I box; 6 boxes for. $2.50; with a written ]
•fj Jv*«sf^RUdrantee to cure or refund the money.
Rervlta medical Co., CHnton * Jackson it*., Chtcafij.
WALLER BROS.. 33 Grant aye., San Frauciaco. ■
Munyon'sHeadache and indigestion Cure ;
Is the only remedy on tL<s market that i
will cure every form of Headache In 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stun- (
ulate the nerves and build up the sya- <,
tern. It should be in every home and 3
every traveler's - ripsack. At all Drue- ]
Cists. 25 cures. 25c. t
— — : i
/^"^ 'Br; Gibbon's Dispensary, I
k fxtpJt « '*-•"> KEABXT ST. Established X
BSriC < »TO ln 1*54 for the treatment of Private l
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, "
625 Kl:ak.\T .vr. Established
In 1554 for the treatment of Private | '
Diseases, Lost Manuo.xl lability or '
BJlUESftrgSra disease wearing on body and mind and !
*? aftJlM, Sr SRln Dlipaat-8. I'hp doctor cures when
■'2 WgHJilßl others fall. . Try him. Charges low
liWratS^M Hi <**BT'"trnii9«-«*<l. Cullorvrrita T
l>r. J. t'.<ilßßOa, Bui 19a7.S»nFranclaca 8
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique-
r ° (French Line) '
DIRECT LINE TO HAVKE-PARI3 '■^gyasL'
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <g?fftyr\
at 10 a., m., from ■ Pier - 42, North HWii ""tflillft
River, foot of Morton street. ' •,.;"■>* ■'
LA BRETAONE Nov. 28
LA TODRAINE ..........Dec. 3 .
LA GASCOGNE...... ...'. Dec. 10 I
LA CHAMPAGNE ...." Dec 17 •
LA BHETAGNE.. ......' .........Dec 24 C
First-class to Havre $90 and upward. 5 per S
cent-reduction en round trip. ■ Second class to
Havre $45, 10 per cent reduction round trip. » • I
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES 1
AND CANADA. 3 BowlinK Green. .New York.
• J. -F..FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. .. •.
P!§&*^* Auckland for Sydney =
HJ^^MfJ w 11 WIH.. sallp via Honolulu and
BF MfWL m "Auckland for Sydney
ilijjpi y"j>— «-•' Wednesday, November -
ai. \s£mc>*s L' > 30- at 10 p. m
«L"Srw^irJin r "SniD'- 1 ;: S - 8 - AUSTRALIA
Q)Oa\\,MW . BallB ;_; _ for Honolulu
(OIIIB^Rm? Wednesday, . December
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa. ?-■••;; ■-■ I
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO.. Apents. £
' 114 Montgomery : st. 
Freight office— 327 Market at.. San Francisco. |
• ADVERTISEMENTS. ______________
■BBBBBBBBBfIfIBBBBBBfIfIfIBBBB
Ess S3I
i- "Ay you want to shmoke in this house, Mr. O'Hoolihan, you will K3
PI shmoke Sale of No'th Carilini." ||
§ I
I Seal of North Carolina §
ii is fragrant — is easy to light — never |
Hj needs re-lighting, packs in pipe properly, | »
II and does not "tamp" down too hard. |
I: Always draws clear and smokes freely. |
El These are facts! H
M HFhe Original Plug Cut— p
P I Always the same— p
|| Mild and Cool. |
ilBBflflgSBBHBBBBBflBBSiBBBBBflf!
KEEP THE WELL, WELL.
•* I suspect that I may attribute my recent headaches to
doing so much night-work of late," said a lady who earns her
own living. " I had an order to address a large number of en-
velopes and as I was paid by the thousand and others wanted
the work, too, I sat up pretty late and perhaps worked in a room
not so well ventilated as it might be. As a consequence I have
more than once had a headache the next day. I have found,
however, that if I swallow a Ripans Tabule just as soon as I
have a premonition of the trouble, it staves it off and I escape
ijcot free. That is why I say that Ripans Tabules are a medicine
for well people, for I am certainly a healthy woman, but I use the
Tabules now and then and would not like to be without them.**
X new stylo packet »«\ntAinlnK teh tabttle* In a paper carton (without glass) la now (or sale „. some dreg
a)cre« »or fivh CUTS. Vis low-iiriwd Sort Is Intended (or the poor and the economical. One dozen of th«
tSTo-cnnt cartons (1*) tat*«£MQ can be had by mail by Bonding fort.T-el?ht rent* to tho lUpans CtnuoOAli Co*
*—«*. Ho. 10 Spruce Btr«ot. New York— a. single carton (txjj tabules) will be seat for flro oeata.
OCEAN TRAVEL. RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co CsSlforfll'S
fc^ ■ Steamers leave Broadway *^r^M ■■ ■ LJF ■ ■»■**■,
«Hte^^ -wharf, San Francisco: ''^^ _ _
IP^fflK For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m., f ~ ~om*^ 2, -dr
BP B fg|Wt\ Nov - 2 - '■ 12 - n - "■ 27 - Dec - 3< " Hff^fil
IK Krvn transfer at Seattle. ffl >8 a BB\ aa
WaJH^I For Victoria, Vancouver (B. — * -^ -«•
fiflSlwkiCHu c.). Port Totvnsend, Seattle, -" : . i^\.|
r^**^f^3J Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes <Crk -m* -A"** IF5^ O/\«i<ri%
New Whatrom (Wash.), 10 Santa fe l\OSj
"^a. m.. Nov. 2, 7, 12, 17. 22. 27. B^- M%VF»« B.^
no« •> mil »very fifth day thereafter, trans- Connecting Train Leaves San Fran-
Jernt settle to this company's steamers for Connectingr Train Leaves San Fran-
Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma to K. P. Cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY,
Ry., at Vancouver to C. P. Ry- _ TUESDAY, FRIDAY. . •
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Nov.
5 io 15. 20. 25. 30. Dec. 5 and every fifth day Arrives In Chicago at 8:15 A. M. the
thereafter. '•■ n . „_ „_,, a, mAnn following- Thursday, Saturday
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San »lrneon. and Tuesclav-Arrlving In New
Cayucos. Port Harford < v a e tu^ l9 H ° b n |^>; York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
S ™l%t lanVdro (Los Angele.) and and Wednesday^
Newport. 9 1. m.. Nov. 1. B. 9 h " rea te 1# 5> 29. ' DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
D For 3 s a n'^Ye^ Xpin^ y onll af Port Har- servatlon Car and Electric
fort (lan Luis Ch"po). Santa Barbara. Port Lighted Sleeping Car. : • :=Y
Los AS? c 's 9 and Reflondo 2^7 An Dec i. 11 a This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Svery ?ourth day thereafter. ' \ Overland Express.
For Ensenada. -Magdalena Bay, ban Jose del ; _.„ rniupiepn TIPyCT nrripr ClB UJOytT CT
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Taz, Santa Rosalia > SAN FnAliUolU llUtl limit Ui MAHRII 01,
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 18th of every  - TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
m For further Information obtain folder. Oakland Office— Broadway.
n nL f^r^S M 2fU^S25 Sacramento Office-201J SteaL .
7£" hA,, r « of (.mime. San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St
•ICKJST OrriOß-< New Montgomery , ■ . ■ ■
s^^pk^^co.. oe Fr A^. o iflE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
— VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
n O ii nn From Nov. 10, Dam, trains will run as follows:
THE Ui Hi & Hi UUi South-bound. "~ North-bound.
DISPATCH, FAST STEAMERS. TO Passe n- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
"P /^*\ "D np T , A. TSTT^ eer. Sunday Sunday t ger.
JTT . \~S Xv» X iJjMXMiJ Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
' From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m. — — 1 — ■ > Z Z
ranr > co ci«>» n.» lndniiifKF B:2o am 10:30 am Stockton 3:43pm s:6opm
FARE «s%t«n<fci!.« ,!d mS»U. »:10am. 2:ospm Merced 12:40pm 4:o3pm
inilU $8 Second Class and Meals. . 11:40 am 6:3opm Fresno 9:3oam 2:32pm
COLUMBIA^saIIa..... Nov. 24, Dec. 4, 14. 21 12 :3Spm 7:45pm Hanford 7:45 am I:3spm
STATE OF CAL. satis. ...Nov. 29. Dec. 9, 19. 29 ; 3:2opm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:3oam 11:25 am
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte, lJ:6Bpm B:sopm Visalla 6:4oam I:lspm
Helena and all points in the Northwest. ■ —
rhrough • tickets to all points East. : Stopping at intermediate points as required.
E. C. WARD, -General' Agent, ■ Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
• 630 Market street. California Navigation and Improvement Com-
GOODALL, i PERKINS & CO., ■ pany, . leaving San Francisco at 6 p. m. dally.
; ; : .r>; •. Superintendents. excepting Sunday, and Stockton at 6 p. m.
daily. : •'; %
 . . ~ r ~~7. . . - '■ ~ ; ! ' ~ : For : stage connections see official time table
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS. or ln ulre at Traffic Managers Office, 321 Mar-
» . ket street. San Francisco.
fORU. S. HAVY-YARD AND VALLEJD™ UOUOT ™(!* l ffi 1 S) i ™.!WILWn.
:■■.'."; Steamer "Monticello." Leave San ■ Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Hon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat Sept. 11, 1S98:
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.) Week Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m. ; ■•'■ •'•
Fridays....-..;...'..........! p. m. and 8:30 p. m. Sundays— 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
3unday5...::r.;...:.V..10:30 a. m. and 3 p. m. Round trip from Mill Valley, $1. - •>
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pier 4. THOS. COOK & SON, f Agents, «"• Market
' Telephone Main 150 S. . | «treet, San Francisco. - :;-
■'■—■:.-■-■.-■-■■■- -''■-■..■--■_ . ■ ' ;'■■;'
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION SALE
fe« —OF— JS^J
Thoroughbred Horses!
CONSISTING OF
28 YEARLINGS,
By Apache. Nomad. Gano, San Lucas. Calva*
doe, Rio Bravo, etc., out of My Badge,
Hilllto. Jennie K. Why Not, Sunny Smile. Play
Toy, Tyrona, etc.
PROPERTY OF-
CHARLES KERR Esq.
ANTRIM STOCK FARM.
Wednesday Evening, Nov. 23,
Occidental Horse Exchange,
721 HOWARD STREET, .
Bet. Third and Fourth sts.. San Francisco.
Horses at salesyard. Catalogues ready.
\VM. G. LAYNG, Proprietor.
ED R. LOWRY. Auctioneer. ■
RAILEOAD TRAVEL.
Sim rtiKit* PACIFIC COnriHT.
(r«o:rio srirrKM.)
Trains leave nmJ arc <lv» to nrrlf* ■>•
NAN IKA\(l5i(O.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street) £
:e*vk — FKOM NOV. 3, 1898. — akiuts
~«(1:OOa Niles, Sau Jose and Way Station*... •*il."U
7:OOa Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento.... 10:43*
?:<>Oa Marygrille, OniTiUeaud Redding via
Woodland 5i43p
7«Ot»A Elmira, VacaTille and Rumsey Bt43r
?:3»a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
C'«lUtogu and Santa Rosa S:l»p
8i«Oa Atlantic Express, Ogileii and Kast.. Bt43r
*tSOA San Jose, .Stockton. Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, Marysville,
Chlco. Tehaina anil lie<l Itluff *:l*r
SißOa Stockton, OaktUle and Jamestown.. 7:15f
•*:3oa Milton *ItIHT
O:0Oi. Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Merced
and Fresno 12:13*
UteOA Fresno, Bakerstleld. Santa lUrhara.
Los Angeles, Doming, El Paso,
New Orleans and Kast 6t4op
Fresno, Mendot*. Tracy and Mar- .
tioez 6s4S*
1O:OOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations ?:43p
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers "OiOOp
ltOOp Miles. San Jose and Way Stations... 1 1 : »3a
San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... J«:I»a
3iOOp Niles, Tracy, Mendota, Hanford and
Visalia «:1»F
LiTermore, San Jose, Niles and Way
• Stations $!•»!»*
4>OOp M..rtiner.. Ran lUnion, Vallajo,
Napa, Callatogs, Xi Verano and
SajiUltosa »»»»*
4ioop Benicia, Vacaville. Woodland,
Knights Landing, MarysiUle, Oro-
Tllle and .Sacramento !•:*»*
4<Sor Hay wards, Nlles and San Jose 7i49a
»:O«p Martiuex, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojare, Santa Barbara and Los
Angeles Bi4»a
sioor Santa Ye Route, Atlantic Kxpress
for Mojare and Kast Oi4Br
Hs:oop "Pacific Coast Limited, " XI Paso.
Fort Worth, Little Rook. St.
Louis. Chicago and Kant f«i4Sp
5:30p Nlles, Sau Jofie, Tracy. Lathrop,
Meroed and Fresno — •
3:30p Stockton 1«»1»*>
OtAttr Kuropeau Mall, Og<l«n and East.... !»:15*
•Oi OOp Vallejo 12i13p
t7:OOp VaUejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions *•'••**
StOOp Oregon lCxprcM, Sacramento, Marys<
rllle. Re<l<liiiK. Portland, Piiget
> Sound and Kant S«13»,
SAN LKt.MMCO AMI) lIAVWAii»S I-Ut.AI,.
. , ( foot of Market Street.)
1 Belroxe, Seniluarr t'ark, f
,5 ! 22 A Fltelibanr, Klahant, .*2'!2 A
i'HSa Sttl*ii/ro,Boilkltt KSSnt
= ,M-,SSa I^-drO, F^tßdlllo, J»!^ p
tl2:OOM ' Lorenio, Cherry • <i:43r
• Ii«Op and 12:43*
3:OOp HaTrrardlt. 13:4.1r
7iOOp i Runs through to Nlles. , 7i43p
j t From Nlles. I
COAST ItlVlslON (.Narrow (iauge). '
(Foot of Market Street.)
" BtlSANewark,oenterTllle,SanJose,Felton,
Boulder Creek, San Orus and Way
Stations »i3O»
•til3p Newark, CenterTille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way .
Statloos •!•:«•*
4tlsp Newark, San Jose and Los Gatos... wsSOa
f 1 1:43 p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations |7:30f
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIR riUKCISCO— Foot sf Market Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 13:0tU.M. |l:00 *8:00 13:5!
•4:00 . t5:00 *6:00r.M.
rr«m<UUUD—ro«torßr«>iiwiT.— : oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tl2:00 «l:00 t3:00 *3:00 ti:00 *8:00r.M.
* COAST DIVISION (Broad «auge).
(Third and Townsend Sts.)
7:OOa Sau Jose and Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) l:3Ol
9:0« A Sau Jose, Tres Pinos, Santa Crux,
Pacific Grore, Paso Rubles, Sam
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Htatlous 4ilol
10:40* San .lose aud Way Stations »Si«Oi
Ili3Oa San J<«e aud Way Stations St 33«
■S>43r San Mateo. Redwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, .San Jose,
Gllroy, - Hollister, Santa Cruz.
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Grove •I«i3«t
•3tS«p Man Jose and Way Stations <9:OO<
•4<l3r San Joseaud Principal Way Stations »:I3j
*3:00p Jose and Principal Way Stations 6i33j
S:3Or San Jose and Principal Way .Stations 5:30|
«t»Oi> Ran Jose Way Stations 7:30|
t11:43p San Jose and Way Stations 7:8O)
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. J Sundays only, t Satiinlays only
and Thursdays. fSataraays and Wednesdays
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
LESSEE
Mil FBANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIS
___ RAILWAY COMPANY.
Vmhtsjsb Nfffi srMt os? UtXitMt ft
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:SS»
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m. ■--■. -- ■■-..
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m. : 1:30, I:».
6:00, 6:20 p. m. ■
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. : 1J:*I.
8:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at
1:55 and 6:36 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 1:40.
5:00. 6:26 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Echuetzen -Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. October 16, ■'
Week Sun- 1898. Sun- | Week
Days. days. Destination. da,*. j Days.
7:Boam 8:00 am Novato. 10:40am| B:4oam -
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 prn 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:86 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:80 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburs;,
» Lytton,
Geyservllle,
1:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm (:»pra
. . Hopland and
7:Boam 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35pm 6:22pm
7:80 am 10:23 am
8:00 am Guemevllie. 7:86 pm
3:30 pm ... - 6:22
7:3o am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and ■ . '
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
6:30 5:00 pm 7:35 pml 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyvtlle, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Wittet
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter • Valley.
John Day's, ■ Riverside, Llerley>, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrin Heights, Hull-ille, Boonevllle. Orr's
Hot Springs, Mendocinc City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal, WtlllUs. Laytonville, Cum-
ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip ' tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. ' ' Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH pacific COAST RAILROAD.
Via SMiaallt* Parry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. .
WEEK DAYS— •7:2O,. »a:3O, 11:00 a. m. # 1:45.
I 3:45, 5:15. ••>:'». 6:30 p. m. ••■■?
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. -•..--
SUNDAYS— •10:00. ■•11:30 a. m.; 1:15.
: 3:00, *4:30. 6:15 p. m.
■■ Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
! FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— '6:35. 7:45, »9:30 a. m.;
•12:20. 2:20. *3:45, 5:05 p. m.
: EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, ; Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. - ■•
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. *S:00. *10:00. *U:55 a. : m.;
•1:15, »3:10, 4:40. »6:20 p. m.
! Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
! FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45. 7:55, 9:40 a. m. ;
i 12:35. 2:45, 3:50, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. " .
SUNDAYS-S:00, 10:05 a. m.: 12:05, 1:20, 3:20,
! 6:00. 6:20 p. m.'
! • THROUGH TRAINS.' \
7:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way st»"n«.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— : Mills "and way
; IsMß^sjf stations, - a * I*KVBBPi%sSßW^i*i^^1 *KVBBP i %sSBW^i*i^^
• i 1:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way ita'a.
910
SHARKEY GETS
THE DECISION
Continued from Set md Page.
t. en long enough to know the rules and
his man had to suffer. While I know
of no precedent for declaring all bets
ciV it waa compulsory on my part, as it
looked preconcerted and my decision
rning bets went as it did because
1 could see no reason why many should
suffer for the offense of one of the
seconds."
Following are some of the opinions
regarding Kelly's decision:
Inspector McLaughlin — I think the
referee's action fair and equitable to
all concerned, winners and losers alike.
There was no other course left open to !
him than to decide the fight and bets
as he did.
Joe UHman, bookmaker— The decision
regarding bets wus the worst I have
seen. The referee certainly had
no precedent and I am at a loss to j
know where he got his ideas frum. It
was outrageous and I don't think
everything in connection with the af
fair was open a' 7 above board.
Ahe Levy bookmaker — I never saw
anything like it in my life. When did
that refere come in to declare all b.-ts
off. I'd like to know. In all probability j
"•J.ere was something doing which was j
*ot in every way open to inspection.
Dan Stuart, promoter of the Carbon
City fight — The referee's decision was |
Just, and showed conclusively the m-.?tal
of which T :eily warf made to render ;
such a verdict in the face of certain
disapproval by the host which had
S on Sharkey.
A. B. Erlanger. theatrical manager—
I agrev with the referee in regard to
his 'edsion. and his action simply |
made his sobriquet all the stronger.
"Jimmy" Wakelee— l think the ref- I
eree's action as to declaring off bets j
the only thing he could have done un- !
der th>* circumstances. Of course, he j
was in a peculiar position, but at that
I -ht. an<l I was with those who
applau ! 1 hin
"Jim" Kennedy— lt's pretty hard to [
say what you would do until placed in ;
such a position, but as John's action I
seemed to mcc' with almost universal
appi .1 I guess his point was pretty j
* ;ken.
Con McVey said: "I jumped into the ;
ring because I saw Sharkey hitting in
almost every clinch, and sometimes so j
low that anybody ought to have been ;
able to see it. I called out to the referee '
time after time in the last round, and
then I could stand it no longer and ;
stuck my head through the ropes, but j
Kelly did not see me. Then I saw
Sharkey hit Jim in another clinch. I
guess I lost my head and put my foot
over the rope, when they gave the fight
to Sharkey.
"I nm sorry that T am the cause of ;
the decision being given against Cor- >
bett. He would have won to a cer
talnty. He had Sharkey whipped, but :
I could not stand seeing him get fouled |
without making a protest."
SHARKEY WOULD HAVE
WON THE CONTEST
Corbett Slowly but Surely Fading
Before the Onslaughts of
Jxe bailor.
NEW YORK. Nov. 22.— McVey's Inter
ference In the Corbett -Sharkey fight to
night was absolutely inexcusable and
the referee, believing that there was a
"job" in McVey's action, took it upon
himself to declare all bets off. Before
Kelly did so, however, many of those
who had bet on Corbett— and they were
legion — annealed to the referee to take
such action, while Sharkeyltes shouted
against su' v interference on Kelly's
part and protested that he had no au
thority to declare the bets off. How
ever, the referee's word went with the
majority of the spectators and conse
quently all money paid on wagers will
be refunded.
It was an unfortunate and abrupt
ending to what promised to be a most
interesting fight. For weeks both Cor
bett and Sharkey had trained faithfully
and carefully for the contest, and whei
they stripped they both showed to be
in good condition. Sharkey was very
confident of success, and the manner in
whi^h he acquitted himself in the ring
while the fight lasted showed plainly
that his confidence was founded on
good grounds. Those who believed that
Sharkey could not fight fairly changed
their opinion after the bout had gone
one round.
On the other hand, Corbett hit the
sailor in the body rather low and Shar
key protested. Sharkey's quickness and
aggressiveness were astonishing from
the very beginning, and from the first
It was evident that he had Corbett safe.
In the second round there were wild
yells from the admirers of the Irishman
when he floored Corbett with a right
swing on the head, preceded by a pow
erful blow on the body.
Sharkey's rushes were successful In
variably and Jim's leg work was tested
to its utmost in trying to evade the ag
gressive sailor pugilist. That Sharkey
has improve 1 wonderfully goes without
saying, and on the other hand that
Corbett is not the Corbett of New Or
leans is beyond question. At no time
had the Californian the upper hand of
his younger and more sturdy rival.
Sharkey is a fighter and a clever one
at that, and his work to*night stamps
him beyond all doubt as being second
only to Fitzsimmons.
From the second to the eiehth round
Sharkey held a decided advantage. In
the ninth round, which was so produc
tive of disappointment and unlooked
for Incidents, Corbett seemed to be
stronger than at any time during the
fight, but it was apparent that he was
slowly but surely fading under Shar
key's onslaughts. It was two to one
on Sharkey after the second round, and
had not McVey acted as he did there
Is very little doubt that Sharkey would
have won handily.
Some of the most prominent bankers,
brokers, lawyers, doctors and business
men In this and other cities were pres
ent during the mill, and not one of
them could see any reason for inter
ference by McVey. The general belief
is that McVey acted from some unex
plained motive, and some persons said
that he .lumped into the ring to pre
vent Corbett going under. When Mc-
Vey first put his leg through the. ropes
the referee evidently did not or would
not look in that direction, but contin
ued to pay close attention to the fight
ers, who were mixing it up in the cen
ter of the ring. Inspector McLaughlln
caught hold of McVey to pull him out
again, but the latter was evidently
more than anxious that Kelly should
see him. j Tn this he was successful, but
not until half the people in the house
had y< ': .«d repeatedly to Kelly to dis
qualify Corbptt.
When the big Californian realized
v.-hat had occurred he was. furious with
passion and rushed nt McVey. Had he
f'mirht the latter there is no telling
"hat Corbett would have done in his
frenzy, but the police were on hand
nnd rushed between the men. thus
avoiding a scene which would have
added to the discrneeful exhibition.
Just what effect the untimely incident
will have on boxing: in this vicinity in
he future cannot well be paused, but
that It will Injure puerilism in this city
is beyond question.
A olopp »9timate niaced the nttend
&n.ee to-night at 9000, and It is now
learned that the receipts exceeded
$45,000.
RINGSIDE SCENES
BEFORE THE FIGHT
Every City in the Country Repre
sented in the Gathering of
Sports.
NEW YORK, Nov. 22.— The twenty
round glove fight between James J.
Cort tt of California, the ex-champion
heavyweight boxer of the world, and
Tom Sharkey of Dundalk, Ireland, who j
first showed his prowess as a fighter j
we - c : ving the United States as si !
bluejacket in the navy, dn an enor
m u v. J. of sporting men to the I
Lenox Athletic Club house to-night. In j
fact such a representative gathering
of the sporting element from all over,
the country was never in the city limits
at one time before. The ract that the j
contest would certaimy take place
without any legal interference induced
many hundreds of followers and ad
mirers of the art of self-defense to
make long journeys in order to be at
the rinrside when the tight took place. ,
Nearly every city of any prominence in |
the United States was represented by \
parties of at least a dozen, and in many
instances dele- tions numbering over a
hundred each in charge ot well-known
men in different sporting ce.ters.
Weeks ago. when the seats were first
put on sale, the shrewd people who
lived quite a lone: distance from this ;
city either wrote or wired for seats to \
be reserved and by doing so saved j
themselves a lot of trouble on their ar- ,
rival here. Those who saw far enough I
ahead to do this were only a compara- ,
tlve few however, and the past few !
days there was a lively scramble to se
cure good seats. To-day not a seat was i
to be had at the club after 1 o'clock i
and those who had not made early pro
vision had to pay exorbitant prices to
the wide awake speculators. Tickets
for seats in the immediate vicinity of
the ring brought fabulous prices to- |
night. The original cost of these paste- I
boards was $20 each, but to-night twice j
that sum could not purchase one of
them and in two instances they brought
$100 apiece. The other tickets, costing
from $5 to 515. brought prices two and j
threefold and the club management did i
not put any of the $3 admission tickets
on sale.
The gambling instinct, which is a
necessary adjunct to all manner of
fistic contests, was in evidence as soon
as the sports began to gather in the
boxes.
Corbett's stock was always in pref
erence and the odds on the San Fran
ciscan opened at 100 to SC. The betting j
did not take on as lively a turn as on I
former occasions when fighters of less ,
note have met in this arena. So much |
betting had been done during the last
forty-eight hours, however, in the
sporting resorts throughout the city
that the slackness of the wagering on
the spot did not indicate any loss of
interest in the heavy-weight bout.
By half past 8 o'clock nearly every
seat in the house w.as occupied. Bank
ers and brokers of prominence, lawyers
of note and business men representing
nearly every phase of trade, mingled j
with "well known politicians and held
animated conversations in close prox- j
imity to the ringside. One well known
member of the Produce Exchange took
the Sharkey end of one of the largest
■wagers of the night, which was JISOO |
to $1300 on Corbett. Joe Vendig laid j
the odds on the Californlan.
Corbett's backers forced the price of
the Callfornian to $100 to $70 just as it
was learned that the ex-champion had j
reached the club house and was in his j
dressing room.
At 10:23 a buzz of excitement ran
through the buildinrr and Tom Sharkey
pushed his way through the butting
"CYRANO" DONE TO A FINISH IN FIVE ROUNDS.
THE first fall to be taken out of
"Cyrano de Bergerac" in San Fran
cisco -was accomplished at the Com
edy Theater last night by our old spec
tacular friend Dave Henderson. Accord
ing to the bills there were eighty persons
on the stage, and according to the rows
of vacant plush there were as many more
in the audience. Mr. Henderson was mas
ter of the situation, and the overnosed
hero of Rostand s romantic comedy was
done to a finish. The thousands of pa
trons of art who preferred to stand in
front of the newspaper offices and take
stereopticon views of the Corbett-
Sharkey battle got but little satisfaction
for their pains. The few who went to txie
Comedy Theater saw a contest that was
full of steam and danger and received a
decision that was just and final. Rostand
and his boasted masterpiece went under
in five fierce rounds, and David Hender
son and his dauntless play actors are the
heroes of this morning's papers.
After last night's work I would l/ack
Mr. Henderson and his crowd against
any playwriter living or dead. They aro
one and eighty invincible champions, and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1898.
crowd. He vr— ~+tired in a light blue
dressing gown, under which he had an
American flag wound around his waist
for a belt. He was accompanied by his
manager, Tom O'Rourke, John T.
Dougherty, George Dixon, Bob Arm
strong and Jack Reid, who acted as his
seconds. Professor "Jimmy" de Forest
held the watch for the Irishman.
Sharkey never looked better in his
life, and said he weighed 178 pounds.
He was very confident and showed no
signs of nervousness. Announcer
Charley Harvey called the attention of
the onlookers to the fact that the prin
cipals wished them to refrain from
smoking, and immediately all the
cigars which were being industriously
puffed were trodden underfoot most
willingly. The crowd was beginning to
be uneasy at Corbett's delay in making
his appearance, when some one in the
gallery shouted:
"Three cheers for Sharkey."
This was given with a will and re
peated.
Corbett did not reach the ringside un
til 10:38 o'clock, just fifteen minutes
later than Sharkey. There was a wild
cheer as h«- was seeking his way to
the ringside. When he reached the
steps leading up to the ring Corbett
stopped for a moment to shake hands
with some friends. Then he jumped
through the ropes and rested his arms
on them for a few minutes, during
which time he smiled across the ring
to O'Rourke, who stood in front of
Sharkey.
Corbett was enveloped in a dark olive
green dressing gown. His hair was
parted in the middle and carefully
combed and brushed. His seconds were
Charley White. George Considine, Jack
McVey and John Considine.
John Considine of Detroit acted as
his time-keeper. Both men had their
choice of the sets of gloves. Corbett
selected his pair, which were n.ade for
him in California. They were a pair
of typical fighting gloves, being just
shaped to the clinched fist, whereas
Sharkey's were the long, tapering
gloves usually donned by boxers. They
were nearly an inch and a half longer
than his opponent's, which would give
him an opportunity of forcing the hair
in the gloves away from the knuckles.
The gloves were of the regulation
weight of five ounces as pi ided by
the Horton law.
Corbett wore white trunks and a red,
white and green sash, which his
seconds took off as soon as he stood
erect. Sharkey wore green splits, held
by a belted American flag.
There was n long confab between th°
principals, the seconds and the referf-o,
after which the men retired to their
corners. After having agreed not to hit
in clinches or in the breakaways and
that they would step back when or
dered to break, everything was in order
for the bout to begin.
-*■
FITZSIMMONS SAYS
IT WAS A "FAKE"
CHICAGO. Nov. 22.— Robert Fitzsim
mons, the champion pugilist, is now in
this city. He r-as all along declared
that the fight between Corbett and
Sharkey ■v uld be a "fake," and when
seen to-ni ' after the result was made
known, he exclah.ied:
"What did I tell you? I said it was
going to be a fake, and it was nothing
but fake. McVey jumped into the ring
on purpose to stop the fight, and it was
all fixed for him to do it. You can bet.
too, that there were men right at the
ringside to hold him. The whole thine:
was a put up job .and I tell you it
»er was on the square."
fVhat will you do in regard to any
challenge that Sharkey or Corbett may
send in your direction?"
"Do?" said Fitz, with great scorn,
"I'll do nothing. I'll pay no attention
to either one of them. They have put
themselves further away from any at
when they set out to do a boasting author
they do him. . •
And still, no i^atter how well earned
the victory is, one can't help but feel
some sympathy for the vanquished.
Until last night my acquaintance with
"Cyrano" had been confined to the print
ed book, from which I had learned to
love him well. His dash, his valor, his
wit, his strength, passion, poetry, even
his monumental nose, filled me with ad
miration anfl amaze. He was the old
spirit of romance, swashbucklery and
literate elegance, sublimated— crystallized
into a classic. He was going to bring
about a renascent boom for poetic drama
and duplicate the wit and ardor of
"Romeo and Juliet." If T had any taste
for Ibsen. Sudermann. Shaw and other
rank realists. Cyrano would cure me. He
would alter the entire dramatic policy of
The Call. That's what I thought might
happen. T
But how different the sensations when
I saw him bathed in public calcium and
exposed on an open stage to the fury of
the Hendersons. The noble Cyrano of
books and dreams se<'n behind th nose
tention from me than ever. Let them
go and get a reputat ;<--.. There's Peter
Maher, why don't they take him on a
little? I won't pay any attention to
them. Let them go lirk somebody and
get a reputation.
"This kind of fighting makes me
tired, anyhow," went on the champion,
warming to his subject. "It ain't on
the square. There is only one honest
fighter In the world, anyhow— and his
name is Robert Fitzsimmons."
Fitz was full of disgust over the end
ing of the fight and dccl red over and
over that it was a job and "not on the
level."
Jimmy Barry, the 105-pound cham
pion of the vorld, merely remarked:
"It's too bad. The big fellows are kill
ing the game."
THRONGS VIEW THE
BATTLE FROM AFAR
The crowd which watched the pro
gress of the fight as it was depicted on
the bulletin board of The Call was one
of tne largest ever gathered in this
city. It even outnumbered the multi
tude which awaited with eager interest
the outcome of the recent election.
Both men are claimed as San Fran
ciscans and the outcome of the battle,
which was practically for the heavy
weight championship of the world,
aroused the sporting instincts of the
local people. The crowd commenced
to gather early and soon grew so dense
as to preclude the possibility of locomo
tion. Away up the street men with
keen foresight had provided themselves
with glasses and from the outskirts of
the crowl read the bulletins aloud to lit
tle knots of people who had gathered
around them. The Call bulletins
throughout the bout were always from
one to two rounds ahead of those dis
played by the other papers. This was
soon recognized by the crowd, which
cheered lustily for their favorite boxer
as he scored on his opponent.
Sharkey had a large following, which
gave vent to its feelings at every op
portunity. As the tidings "Sharkey
Wins" were flashed on the canvas the
crowd cheered the victor and then dis
persed rapidly.
Of the fight and its results sporting
men expressed different opinions. The
consensus of opinion, however, was
that th referee should not have de
clared all bets off because of the fact
that McVey, io was Corbetfs second,
jumped into the ring, evidently for the
purpose of saving his man Jim from a
knock-out blow.
In speaking of the contest, a promi
nent bookmaker said he could not un
derstand why Referee' Kelly declared
Sharkey the winner and then all bets
off, as long as there was not any police
interference.
The local betting was very heavy. !
Harry Corbett, the poolseller, took in !
over $50,000, and In the mutuals he sold
5870 tickets. Those who purchased
tickets in the auction pools will have
their money returned less 2% per cent.
Those who played the mutuals at Cor
bet's and Crowley's rooms on the win
ning round will fare well.
Crowley will pay 510 75 to those who
hold tickets from six to ten rounds. '
and Corhett— if he cashes at all— will
pay $7 30 to those who are In possession
of cards calling for coin on rounds that
run from seven to twelve.
Corl-ett was undecided last night
whether it would be right on his part
—that is according to rule— to cash
mutual tickets on the decision as ren
dered by "Honest" John Kelly.
Prominent sporting men who were
questioned on the matter did not hesi
tate to say that the pool sellers should
most assuredly pay off winning mutual
tickets as those who had purchased
them did so with the intention of win
ning if the fight came to an end be
tween certain figures which denote
rounds.
♦ ••TME HOO3E W>
FULL OP
vacant SEAT.3 • • •
of Edward Hell migiit have ber<n the epi
cene hero of a comic opera. The lovely
poetry was garbled and cut and man
gled and soiled; the wild heroism was
tame farce-comedy; the brilliant comedy
was brutal burlesque, and the lofty sen
timent was inarticulate drivel. The very
name Cyrano was a josh, for his pals and
enemies called him everything from "Seer
aino" to "Seerino." The balcony scene,
that was to out-Shakespeare William, was
like a funeral march In rag time; and the
brave Gascon cadet? were half of them
melancholy young women who looked as
though they might have been on ice ever
since the old days of Henderson's "Sin
bad."
The fragrant Roxane turned out to be
a deliberate old party with a designing
voice and the handsome Christian a large
young gentleman whose only anxieties
were nls costume and his feet. The stage.
a tiny one at best, was crowded and
congested with unmartialed supers and
Cyrano's nose. This nose was as big as a
foot and twice as homely. The orchestra
dodged whenever Mr. liell poked it over
the footlights.
I have suffered disillusion before, but
never as 1 have at the hands of Mr. Hen
derson. He is a versatile destroyer. Only
a few weeks ago he was thumping the
pride out of Sardou and Dumas, and last
night at the same Bush-street arena he
smashed the nasal masterpiece of modern
French poetry. I'll wager that In a week
Mr. Henderson could make William
Shakespeare a name of reproach.
ASHTON STEVENS.
REINSURANCE
AND THE BANK
LINE OF SHIPS
Rate on Laurelbank
Cut 20 Per Cent.
OPINION ABOUT HER DIVIDED
ARRIVAL OF THE OVERDUE
SAMOENA AT ASTORIA.
Terrible Experience of Captain James
Boyd of the Thornliebank and
Springbank in Aus
tralia.
The arrival of the schooner Prosper at
Port Townsend with news of the sup
posed speaking of the overdue ship
Laurelbank caused quite a flutter in re
insurance* circles yesterday. On Monday
it was conceded on all sides that the
stout vesel had gone down in the ty
phoon that so nearly wrecked the steamer
Zealandia and the British ship Heath
field, and 90 per cent to reinsure was free
ly offered with no takers. Yesterday the
rate dropped to 70 per cent, and one gam
bler, who stood to win $3500 on a WOO in
vestment, refused $2500 for his risk.
The facts of the case are about as fol
lows: On August 31 the British ships
Heathfield left Shanghai for Tacoma and
the Laurelbank for Astoria. On Septem
ber 23 the British ship Glendoon left Yo
kohama for Astoria, arriving at her des
tination on October 23. In his report Cap
tain Morrison said that the Laurelbank
and the Heathfield had been caught in a
terrible typhoon. The Heathfield put into
Yokohama dismasted, her bulwarks and
stanchions gone and her ballast shifted.
From that day until the Prospers cap
tain "thought" he saw her nothing has
been heard of the Laurelbank.
In the meantime the Heathfield's dam
ages were repaired at Yokohama and she
reached Tacoma on the 11th inst. The
Hawthornbank, a sister ship to the Lau
relbank, left Hongkong on the 22d of.
August, nine days before the Laurelbank
sailed from Shanghai, and reached San
Francisco on October 7. Since then she
has discharged and loaded, and is now
almost ready for sea again. From this it
would appear as though the chances were
all against the Laurelbank ever being
heard from again, and that the rate of 90
per cent was fully warranted.
The chances are that the captain of the
Prosper was mistaken in the vessel. He
Is not sure whether she had painted
ports or was lead colored. The Laurel
bank never was a painted port ship, as
just about the time she and the Spring
bank (now In port) were launched the
owners of the "Bank" line abolished the
painted pftrt and adopted the lead color
style. The chances are that the vessel
seen was the Samoena, which arrived at
Astoria yesterday from Nagasaki. She
was sixty-two days out, anu 50 per cent
reinsurance was paid on her. The takers
of reinsurance, however, look upon this
aa a good sign. They won largely on the
Samoena, and contend that if she took
sixty-two days to reach Astoria from Na
fasaki the other vessel Is not overdue
rom Shanghai. Never before has the
fate of a vessel caused so much discus
sion in shipping circles, and there are just
as many old salts to uphold one conten
tion as the other. Those who remember
the Heathfield's experience put the Lau
relbank down as "lost." Those who know
the strength and equipment of the Bank
line of clippers contend that the vessel ia
dismasted and is coming along under
a jury rig. In support of their side they
point to the Wlllscott, that came In here
under a jury rig, and to the arrival of the
Samoena at Astoria after 50 per cent re
insurance had be<=n paid on her.
Andrew Weir & Co. (the Bank line)
own forty vessels, seven of which are
steamers. Many of these they purchased
from other firms, but the "Banks" were
all built to their order. They are the
Beechbank, Cedarbank (on her way here
from England) , Clydebank. Comllebank
(on her way from here to England), Falk
landbank, Fernbank, Forthbank, Haw
thornbank (now in port), Heathbank
Glenbank (arrived at Queenstown from
Oregon yesterday after jettisoning part
of her cargo In a storm). Levernbank
Oakbank, Olivebank (on ber way here
from Australia). Springbank now in
port), Thlstlebank. Thornliebank (now at
Tacoma) and Laurelbank.
The Elmbank will be long remembered
in San Francico. She came here from
Japan with a cargo of sulphur and while
she was lying at Green-street wharf it
caught fire. It was finally smothered out
and the vesse, savedl but on her next
voyage she became a total wreck on the
Irish coast. The Comliebank and Spring
bank did not make unusually long: pas
sages here, but yet 8 and 10 per cent re
insurance was paid on them.
Captain J. Boyd of the Springbank has
had one hard experience in the "Bank"
line. A year ago he was master of the
Thorn.liebank and took that veisel to
Melbourne. Australia. After dischaig
ing his vessel was towed to sea on her
way to Newcastle, Australia, to load coal
for San Francisco. While setting the
topsails a rope broke and a block came
swinging along and struck the captain on
the right jaw, breaking the lawbone into
splinters. The tug was gone and dark
ness had set in, so the mate had to do the
best he could and run for Newcastle, ror
six days Captain Boyd suffered terrible
agony and then reached the hospital in
Newcastle. He had to undergo two
operations and his jaw had to be broken
and reset twice. In the mean t.me the
Thornliebank had sailed for England and
the Sprln^rbank had arrived in port. The
day Captain Boyd was able to leave the
was brought in suffering from heart fail
ure. In consequence Captain Boyd took
hospital Captain Dobie or the Springbank
charge of the vessel and brought ncr here
while Captain Doble remained at New
castle. On the voyage two pieces of the
broken Jawbone worked out of Captain
Boyd's face and it is only a week or bo
ago that the wound healed up.
The torpedo boat destroyer Farragut is
to have another trial. The Government
has granted the request of the Union Iron
Works and the boat will have another run
against time this day week.
The cruiser Philadelphia sailed for
Acapulco yesterday. She will coal there
and proceed to San Salvador to protect
American interests during the fighting in
that country If there is any.
The Harbor Commissioners and the
Postoffice authorities are at outs over the
elevator used in the mailing department.
It has not been run properly and yester
day the board notified the Postmaster
that if a proper attendant was not put in
charge of the elevator at once it wouid
be removed.
Chief Steward James Glidden of the
Coptic is one of the most popular em
ployes of the O. and O. Steamship
Company. Just prior to the ar
rival of the vessel in port last Monday
the passengers got together and presented
him with a purse and a testimonial wish-
Ing him a merry Christmas and a happy
new year. Amonp the signers Of the tes
timonial were ex-Queen Liliuokalanl.
Colonel Macfarlane, Paul Neumann, J. A
Wilder, Dr. C. H. English and Rev.
Father Doherty.
May Forfeit Their Franchise.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 22.— The Realty Syndi
cate Company, which operates the Ala
meda electric line, will lose Its San Jose
avenue franchise unless it greatly im
proves its service. The city authorities
nave notified the superintendent, Ira
Bishop, that the provisions of the fran
chise must be obeyed or the tracks, poles
and wires will have to be removed. The
trouble arises from the fact that the com
pany's agreement with the city is to make
fifteen minute trips over the San Jose
avenue line, whereas the cars have been
run at irregular intervals, never more fre
quently than half hourly. The superin
tendent claims that the patronage of i.ie
branch line does not pay for the oil used
in the cars. The franchise was granted
about four years ago against the almost
unanimous protest of nearly every prop
erty-owner along the line.
■ m ■
Alameda News Noces.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 22.— The funeral of
the late George R. Rosseter took place
this morning from the family residence,
2030 San Jose avenue. The attendance
was large and the floral offerings numer
ous and handsome. Among those who at
tended was Mayor James Phelan of San
Francisco, a life-long frined of the de
ceased. • _ . „_
* Qoggln and Hasten, the scratch team
in the handball tournament of the En
clnal Recreation Club, have been declared
the winners of the tournament. Ll&s ):
evening- they played against Eyre ana
Meserole, and won by a score of 51 — 46.
The Epworth League of the First M.
E. Church gave a social this evening In
the church parlors. The proceeds are to
be used to supply the needy on Thanks
giving. The price of admission was an
apple or a potato.
Mrs. A. Beardsley of 1307 Central ave
nue has received news of the death of her
son, Chauncey C., which occurred at Daw
son City on October 6. The young man
went to the Klondike in August, 1897, and
located a claim within six days' travel of
Dawson City.
■ ♦ ■
Names Will Be Changed.
BERKELEY. Nov. £!.— The names of
"Major Zoule" and 'Professor Crusty," \
two of the characters In the Thanksgiv- ,
Ing- farce to be given by the students of
the university, will be eliminated from the
cast. The management of the football
show Is not disposed to cause faculty op-
Fosition by anything In the performance,
t Is said that the faculty Intended to In
terfere If the play contained the slightest
Insinuation In regard to any of the col
lege professors, and that Is why the
names have been summarily changed and
will appear on the programme on Thurs
day night In an entirely different manner
from the way they have been published In
the papers. Serious results might follow
If such close resemblances to two well
known heads of departments were per
mitted in the play.
Manager Blrney Donnell says none of
the witticisms were conceived by the au
thors with the Intention of lampooning,
and the fun of the show will In no wise
be Impaired by the striking out of. such
personalities as win be necessary.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
S Cooper, Campbell lA G A Hott. S Cruz
E Mallons. Cal 'Mrs W King, Uklah
B T X Preston. lone jT M Atkins, Napa
Mrs Eaton, Boston ij R Somers. Boston
Mrs Barrow, Buston |W H Skinner, Gilroy
C Dunn &w. Troy ij Polnfdestre, S Jose
Mrs A Eaton, S Jose S M Jackson, Chicago
Miss Eaton, Boston D Hollister, Courtland
J H Larkin, Sacto |J A Cunningham. Sac
C Brown & d, Chicago A Anderson. Sutsun
D Hlrschberg. lone Mrs Smith. Rocklin
G Nichols. Dutch Flat Miss Pmith. Rocklin
Mrs A G Warner, Cal Mrs Gall, Jackeon
Miss A Thayer. Cal J J Hebbron. Salinas
L O'Neal. S Jose O F At wood. Stockton
E Brandon. Petaluma T E McShane, Cal
L Peterson&w. PortldlJ Llnd, S L Oblspo
Le de Yarmouth & w, H Hudson. Hollister
Portland A G de 1 E*toille. Cal
F J Kroft, L Ang Mrs Campbell, U S A
S R Hills. NY C Marrlhart. Kansas C
G A Beavls, Portland Mrs Worthing. Stocktn
F Smith, Etna C R Blodgett, Cal
E Fleming, Pomona J M Roberts. Cal
A MW'andless. Salinas J L Dykes, Chicago
F McCollum, Salinas F Cox & t. Sacto
J McDougall. Salinas J W Ilowen, L Ang
Mrs Robb. Glenwood jG A Smith, Courtland
Mrs Mitchell. Glenwdl
PALACE HOTEL.
H C Haver, Colo Spgs Mrs C T Grove, Mont
| J W Taylor, N V Mrs McNaught. Mont
I R E Reilly. Chicago F Morris, Randsburg
I Mrs P E Reilly. Chicag F S Johnson. S Rafael
I Mrs Swift, Boston Mra Johnson, S Rafael
Mlhs Swift. Boston E White, Marysvllle
S Walter. St Louis W B Greenlee, Chicago
Mrs Walker, St Louis J M Wells. St Louis
A Trobralnd. Parts Mrs Harvey, Gait
R J McEnany. N V Miss Harvey Gait
R M Carl. Cal S Frank. Portland
A Levitt. Phlla Mi- 8 Frank. Portlnd
I H F Oxnard. N V Mrs J Hazen. Chicago
I E C Howe, L Ang C Fiekert. Stanford
1 J y Hazel. Chicago G E Goodman. Napa
J T Mallards. S Har j Mrs Goodman, Napa
I C T Grove. Mont J J Carton. Flint
BALDWIN HOTEL.
v Mrs^R F Stocking, Cal A H Chester. Wlb
' W M Rice. Vancouver L R Prince. Boston
i J _fe Wadsworth & w, j X J CaMwell, L Ang
vHeka IJ X Poliard, Tokio
J Golinsky. Keswick iPr Dunker. Toklo
F C Bowman & w, St O Rueger, Benicla
Louis J Perg^ntlan. Lakeport
' J W Farrlngton, Ariz P James, L Ang
IW R Clark. Stockton D V Mahoney, S Jose
IL A Booksin, S Jose L A Legg. 8 Jose
i J M Francouer & w. B Meyer. N V
jsj — Miss E Gray, Yuba
Mrs Perm. NY R R Carter. Portland
Miss Perm. NY J N Cullum. Portland
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
R Bennett Sacto D G Frant^& w, Colo
T O'Brien Santa Cruz L L Wood. Stockton
E Smith. Dixon F Fisher & w. Oregon
C B Scott. Hongkong W Birch. N T
E J Plume. Oakdale R C Dlxon, Chicago
J C Smith. Fresno J L Fisher St Louis
C Juhl. SaJita Rosa C McDonald. Sacto
R Root Los Angeles iH Johnson. Truckee
T Lorenzo Rpno IJ M Daniels. S Jaclnto
J Freeman, fait Lake IF Small, Fresno
- H Park, Chicago
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORT.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Nov 22— Schr
Newark, for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 22— Stmr Trave, for
Bremen; stmr Cevlc. for Liverpool.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Nov 22— Stmr Ma
i lestlc. from New York.
I BREMEN -Arrived Nov 22— Stmr Kaiser Wil
liam der Groga>». from New Y.<rk.
fA> I CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Frajiclsco
Call <-orner 0/ Market and Third streets, open
I until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
'S7 Hayes street: open until 0:30 o'clock.
6916 9 1 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market Etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o clock.
2626 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CROCKETT~Lodge No. 139, F. and A. •
M.— Degree Third, THIS (WEDNES- _JV_
DAY) EVENI.IO, November 23. at 7:30 Tg JT
o'clock. By order of th.- Master. /^r '
H. FORTRIEDK. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. •
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- J%
DAY) EVENING. November 23, at 7 TKJT
o'clock. Third degree. <^WAW A
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— •
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) __?V_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- jK3f
gree. C. D. BUNKER, Secretary. (^7 A
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44. F. and m
A. M— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) «_l^_
EVENING, at 7 o'clock. Third degree. Tf Jf
THEO. FROLICH. Sec. *>r>
K. R. B. Attention— Assemble at your «
hall, 220 Mason st., THIS (WEDNES- •_
DAY) EVENING, to celebrate the^TA
thirty-first anniversary of the Man-
Chester martyrs. Allen, Larkin and O'Brien
PRESIDENT.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; oolleetlons made"
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 0-10; tel. 6680.
ROOMS papered from J3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES^
DIVIDEND No. 87 (fifty cen per share) of
the Oceanic Steamship """mpanv will be pay-
able at the office of the company, 327 Market
st. on and after Thursday, December 1, 1888.
Transfer books will close on Friday Novem-
ber 26. lbSB. at 3 o'clock p. m
-. H. SHKLDOX, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WAXTEuSfEMALE.
YOUNG Swedish house girl; good cook; strong
and willing; %15. MRS. NORTON. Sl3 Sutter.
MIDDLE-AGED woman; good ccok and house-
worker; $10 to $12. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter-
FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundrebs and cham-
bermaid wishes situation. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
NEAT young woman wishes place in the coun-
try; good cook and houseworker. MRri. NOR-
_TON, 313 Sutter st.
GERMAN woman wishes place in boarding
house; JIG to $20; good cook. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter St.
YOUNG Swedish woman with a child wishes
place; wages no object; country preferred.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
COMPETENT German second girl, best or ref-
erences, desires a situation. J. F. CHOSETT
_& CO., 316 Sutter St.
YOUNG girl of refinement desires place as
companion or care of children: competent; no
objection to country. Call or address for 3
days at 407 Taylor ft.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman wlshe*
any kind of position; kind to children; best of
city references; city or country. 442 Minna
at., near Sixth.
WOMAN wishes position as nurse or take care
of an Invalid. 603 Washington st.
YOUNG German girl wishes position to do up-
stair work. Call or address 519 Twenty-ninth.
NEAT reliable girl wishes situation as house-
maid or chambermaid in private family or
Institution. 167. Pacific aye.
SITUATION as cook or general housework In
private family by German girl. Address 23
Eddy Bt.
GERMAN girl wishes a place as cook or do
general housework. Address box 14. Call.
POSITION as chambermaid; highly recom-
mended; open one week. Box 1662, Call office.
SITUATION'S WANTED— Continued.
SITUATION wanted as first-class cook by Dan-
ish girl Address A. X., Y. W. C. A.. 1259
O' Farrell. St. ■
YOUNG girl, lately from the East wishes situ-
atlon : willing and obliging. 1924 Ellis it.
SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman
as nurse; would assist with _•*■««!«? £ "P-J .
stairs work; good references. 445 O Farrell. -^
WANTED by widow without Incumbrances.
position as housekeeper for widower or bach-
. elor ; references. Box IS3S. Call.
ALL-ROUND cook and help; can take chefs
place cr full charge of kitchen; first-class
hotel references. 24 Hunt st.
GERMAN woman would like a place In a
Uinchhouse or in restaurant to work lunch
hours. Call or address 672 Harrison, nr. 3d.
YOUNG girl would like to do second work in
private family. Address A. W HALEY. 433
First st. , :
, -ava-pvcT ATt'L.'E woman wants work by the
1 R dgf Apply br-gSall office, 1941 Mission.
COMPETENT Danish girl wishes sU "^'° r n °
da general housework in small American
family ? PieaTe call 31S Golden Gate aye.
HOUSEKEEPER'S position' wanted A capa-
ble American woman ;. good cook. Addresa
A.. 615 Larkin st. • __
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to do house-
work; Call or address 1610 Harrison st.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid wants situation.
: Address 521 Turk st. ■ ' ,
PACIFIC Employment Office— Reliable help of
! all kinds furnished. 777 Market: tel. Clay 130.
COMPETENT Swedish girl wishes situation
to do general housework; is good plain cook.
Please call at IIOOVi Stevenson St.. near 12th.
WOMAN from the South wants »ltuation as
working housekeeper. MRS.. GLENN, -la
Kearny st. . |
LADY would like a few more, engagements;
old sealskins and sealettea made into tne-
latest styles. Box 1900. Call office. ~y*/
WOMAN wants work, Ironing, washing, house-
■ work of any kind. - Inquire at 529 Howard at.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper by lady
with a boy. Address or call 515 Eighth St..
Oakland.
YOUNG lady, good reader, herself well read,
would like to secure engagements by the hour
to read to children, Invalids and others de-
siring such services. Address box 19S0. Call.
SITUATIONS WANTED-MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency: all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary: teL Grant 86.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment _Offlc«
best help. 414H O'Farrel! St. : tel. East 4_-
YOUNG man. 21, seeks situation In boarding-
house or hotel; good cook; first-class English
references. JOHN LOFTUS. 25 East St.. city.
SITUATION wanted by young man as stenog-
rapher, typewriter or telegraph operator; best
of references. Box 1663, Call office. .
YOUNG man capable of taking care of horses.
cow, garden: good driver; handy with tools.
Box 396, Call office. ,
ALL-AROUND blacksmith wants position; food
workman. Apply 360 Clementina St.. In. rear.
BAKER wants work in institution; good ref-
erences. Box 1660, Call office. ■
WANTED— Work as a bread or cake baker.
Address 108 Main st.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants situation as
• schoolboy; no wages. Address Y. L>., bus
Geary St. ■ v
RELIABLE colored boy of 16, residing with *
parents, wishes place with doctor or anything
of trust. 414«* Post st.
ELDERLY, active, competent man wants work
as man about place; wages very moderate;
first-class references. Gardener, box 1611. Call.
BY middle-aged man, German, generally use-
ful, to take care of horses, cow and garden
in private family, references. O. M., 674 East
Sixteenth St., East Oakland. *'
FRENCHMAN and wife desire situations with
well-to-do family; man able to attend to
horses or general work around house; wife
good cook, sewer and housewoman. Box 1992.
Call office. '
GARDENER will take charge gentleman's pri-
vate grounds; understands laying out' of new
grounds: renovation of old grounds also; 36
years' old: married: no children; would tak«
charge of house and grounds In absence of
family: first-class references. Box lal4. Call.
YOUNG man wants situation; understands care
of .horses, cows, garden: reference; state th» .
wages. J. A. MACDONALD. 214 Third st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from f^rrr - .^..:-
HELP WASTED- FEMALE.
2 WAITRESSES, south. $22 50. special rates
fare- 5 waitresses, city and country, $20;
young German girl for bakery. $15; 2 fancy
lroners. $25: plain laundress, country hotel.
$20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
GERMAN or Swedish cook and house girl for
country, small family, $30: girl for ranch,
$20 choice place; neat house girl for country.
2 in family. $15. fare paid, see party here; anii
many wlrls for housework, $15 to $2», city
and country. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. ___________________
IRONER In Institution. $25; colored girl, for /
housework. $20; 2 chambermaids, $15 and $20;
4 waitresses, $20. $25 and $6 week; and a
a%Tc nn o U unt b ry r 0f j. Bi F s H S l s_ ! _r!S M cS!. O SS
Sutter st. .
WAVTFD to-day— 6 good girls for general
housework. $25. and others. J. F. CRSSETT
_ CO., 316 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child. $12. as housekeeper.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT girl. light work, $15. MISS CULL_N.
825 Sutter St.
COLORED cook. $20. MISS CULLEN. 825 flut-
ter st.
COOK $80; 2 second girls. $20 and $15. MIB3
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK. $30; 2 cooks. $25; second girl, $20 to $25;
house girl, $25; middle-aged woman $15;
house girl. Los Gatoe. $2o; San Rafael. $26;
Alameda, $20; 8 young girls to assist: -0
house girls. $25 and $20; ranch cook. $20. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st. •
COOK wanted for the country to cook for an
Invalid lady: must be good cook. 11 a. m
604 Clay St., cor. Montgomery.
GERMAN girl to take care of baby and *"'«s
In light housework; call between 9 and 12. 700
Eddy st.
I WANTED— Operators and also finishers on
pants. 341 Fifth St.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework;
wages 17. 651 Geary st. ■
WANTED-Small girl for light manufacturing-
work. Box 1661. Call office.
■ _S3_ JS^l? -"—- '
«Eaa____lffi-SS~' t: ■
WANTED-An experienced hand on custom
coats. 14 Ha_________ ;
GIRL for light housework Apply at 802 Val- >
lejo St.. corner Powell, flat A. '
GIRL for general, housework; small family;
$20 2414 Wa«hln«ton_^ , ,
RESPECTABLE girl wanted at once. Apply
at i«____»*rt st. ■_ .
WANTED-Neat apprentice for dressmaking;
small wages. 1301 Larkln st. ,
I FIRST-CLASS" finisher on custom-made pants.
629 Bu»h St. ■
TAILORESB as fine pants finisher: custom
T TO*_J_ Kearn y___ top floor, room 18.
GIRL for housework. 2 in family, no washing.
$20; second girl. $15. 631 Larkln st.
YOUNG girl for light housework, $8. Apply
1430 Leavenworth st.
WANTED— We will instruct young girls to
* operate in our white and flannel shirt de-
partments. STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY.
• Corner Gough and Grove sts. ; - • i ■-.
GOOD finishers on coats. 206 Minna st.
WANTED— First-class pants finisher. 11«
Montgomery avenue.
GIRL for general housework; three In family.
Apply 2143 Larkln st.
GIRL to assist with housework.* 386 San Jose
aye. •
WANTED— for general housework: three
in family: no children; wages $10 or $12. Ap-
ply 1127 Nebraska st., after 11 o'clock.
60 LADY waiters at Kalmar dance hall. 811V4
Kearny. Apply bet. 2 and 4p. m. and after 8.
I FIRST-CLASS hair dressers wanted at G. Le-
■ DERER'S. 123 Stockton st.
OPERATORS on electric power sewing ma-
chines on shirts at GREENEBAUM, WEIL
& MICHEL'S. 531 Mission st.
GOOD steady finisher on pants. Apply 660 tV ~
Fourth st. M. SHAFER.
WANTED— A girl to assist with housework and
child of 3. $10. 1135 Devisadero st. ■ .
FIRST-CLASS sewers on ladies' waists, skirts.
etc. H. FRIEDLANDER. 338 Fell st.
LADIES and girls to do piece work at home:
steady emply; embroidery taught. ,546 Sutter.
WANTED— Lady or gent; pleasant work: good
'- wages; experience not necessary. - 136 Bth, r. I.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; position.
tree; patterns, up. McDowell's. 101 : Post.HELP WANTED- Continued.
WANTED— on flannel overshlrtsT"*
few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36% Fremont st
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'3; good positions;
patterns. 10c up.« us McAllister st. -
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
; ll lII AVAXTED-MALK,
BOOKKEEPER, city.^irTo^aTTnoT^aTX
C. R. HANSEN & CO., I<M Geary st.
FRY cook, $50; second cook. $20; waiter, $25; 3
waiters, $20; extra waiters. C. 11. HANSKN
& CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
LABORERS, mountain railroad; ship to-night.
C. R. lIAKSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COLORED porter for Nevada; $25; fare ad-
vanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
MURRAY & READY 'Phone Main SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want To-day
10 -waiters, different places, $30, $23 and $20;
J. cooks, different places, $50. $35 and $30;
sorter, country hotel barber, country
Express wagon driver driver, milk wagon
Farmer and wife 3 slate splitters
10 wooden. ii $1 per cord; 2S tlemakers. i
8c to 12c each; 6 farm hands.
MURRAY & READY,
034 and C 36 Clay st.
WANTED— American bookkeeper, stenographer j
and typewriter, $75; 4 miners, $2 50 a day and !
$40 and board; 3 men to clear land, $25 acre; j
colored waiter for country, $25; restaurant
and hotel waiters, dishwashers, kitchen men
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st. _
BOY about 15 years old; run errands. MISS
1 '. 1.1. EX. 325 Sutter St.
PORTER, country hotel, ?20. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
MAN and wife for vineyard on half shares;
good home and good chance to right party;
must be sober and honest and present good
recommendations. Box 1648, Call office.
OCULIST or refractionist with diploma and
references. GEO. HAYERLE, Expert Opti-
cian, 1071% Market ft.
TWO solicitors of good appearance and ad-
dress; good position for right parties. Apply
"Modern Trojans," S7 and RS nohoe Bldg.
FIRST-CLASS furnishing goods man; must be
a window trimmer. Apply THE RED
FRONT, 557-569 Market st.
GOOD men as solicitors; carpet cleaning, new
process; go«>J percentage; call 10 a. in. 322
•Third St., room 26.
WILL give a bright office boy business educa-
tion In exchange for his services. Box 1663,
Call office.
EXPERIENCED ad solicitor for good publica-
tion; liberal terms. Box 1659. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS rabinet-maker wanted. FINK
& - HIM 'I.EIi. 1309 Market st.
WANTED— on tailoring. 510 Natonm
street.
8 FINISHING carpenters; Ellis and Franklin,
Wed.. S a. m.; wages $2 50. S. J. WEEKS-
FIRST-CLASS furniture polisher. 6 Ninth st.
PRESSER wanted on custom coats. - $27 Mar-
ket St.. room 526.
YOUNG man to wash dishes and make him-
self generally useful. 300S Hyde st.
BARBER wanted Wednesday. Saturday and
Sunday; wag-'B $4. SOS I,*1 ,* Howard st.
YOUNG man for sign painting; steady Job.
702 Howard St., under drug store.
BOOTBLACK wanted. Apply 1604 Park St.,
Alameda.
GOOD tailor wanted for busheling. 625 Com-
mercial st.
$75— PARTNER: one who can play accordion or
banjo. Box 1654, Call office.
$25 A WEEK and expenses to sell cigars on
time: experience unnecessary; holiday goods.
W. L KLINE CO., St. Louis. Mo.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States.
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter an.l habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 Inches
and 6 feet in height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis st.,
San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms. 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764' 2 Mission
St., men to take rooms; 10c. l'c and 25c per
r.leht: got. SOcand $1 .per week. .
7 MEN, no experience, to-day for ships at
HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart St.
BARBER shop for sale cheap on account of
sickness. S. FUCHB, 325 Grant aye. ,
MAN with experience in shooting gallery. 503
Kearny Ft.
A GOOD plain cook for small boarding-house.
322 Main St.
PARTNER in barber business: must be tem-
perate and have some means. Box 1642.
AMATEUR musicians for social purposes. 32S
Bush St., room 4, third floor.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisc- Berber College, 12S»i Eighth st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms: or
trade guaranteed, $15. 1542 Market st.
TRY Linden Rouse, Sixth and Howard sts.;
thoroughly renovated; 200 rms: 15c, 25c night.
SINGLE rooms. l'c, 20c, 25c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. 863% Market st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1364.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
solelng. 'i'c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine. lare». sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Kilts st.
ii\ i Atmc iiuuai-, .•. .i .«riiK»i si., lieiow C'.xm,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters coast
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart!
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third Ft., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms, 25c night; reading-room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS for only official "History of Our War
With Spain— Incidents and Results."
Civil, Military, Naval. Steel plates, maps,
engravings. By Hon. Henry 3. Russell, Sen.
Proctor (Vt.) and Sen. Thurston ( Nebr.)
Greatest seller ever known. 10C0 more agents
wanted. We pay freight, give credit. Writ*
for terms and territory to sole publishers.
WOP.THINCTON & CO.. Hartford. Conn.
4 LADY canvassers at factory, 1308 Mission St.;
salary paid.
100 GOOD agents: good profits: article every
family needs. 513 Taylor Bt. Hour? 10:30, 1:30.
ACTIVE man to take measures for Clark's
new electric and Royal Queen corsets: salary
and commission. Call 1253 Broadway. Oakland.
LIVE, energetic agents to handle good special-
ty; Just In. Greater West Advertising A Nov-
elty Co.. 1135H Washington St.. Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted In old established hay.
grain, wood, coal and livery business: 25
horses; price (1500. part cash; sickness cause
of partner retiring. Box 1588. Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
SECOND-HAND furniture for 6 rooms; cash.
' Box 1C39, Call office.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for cash.
GARDNER & OAHSELL. 216 Post st
PHOTOGRAPHIC and maglo lantern appa-
ratus: second-hand. 109 Montgomery »t.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Work*— Cleans.
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
3S and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatlng TA orks. 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel, S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c
_ STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944
7. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
"ONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Oolden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Butter at.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.
___________
"'typewriters"
tpewrlters sold and rented; feW partly
used tor »ale cheap; send for samples and
Prices. ALEXANDER _ CO.. 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, *25: Callgraph. $15; Yost. $«;
get sample work. SCOTT. »33 Montgomery st.
LEGAL NOTICES.
IF ALBERT ELSEY CARVER, who was re-
siding In and near Vancouver, »B. C, during
the years 1891 to 1895, and afterward In Cali-
fornia, and was last heard of In Sonora,'
Tuolumne County. Cal., about June, 1896, will
apply to the undersigned he will hear of
something to " his advantage." WELLS &
HIND, Solicitors, Nottingham, England.
HISINESS CHAXCES.
A— LIST your store, property or business place
with WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market St., the
old-established and reliable business agents;
we have a large list of buyers who would Ilka
to buy in country towns.
$1600— SALOON ; on beet part of Market st.;
rent $200; price only good for 10 days. WILKE
& UNFUG. i)O6 Market st.
$1550— GROCERY and bar on good business
street; kept by present owner for long years;
good reason for selling; cheap for amount
asked; rent $«<i. WILKE & UNFUG. <JO6
Market st.
A (3SOi 'HOP house and coffee saloon: Market
and Eddy sts.; a splendid bargain; must be
WILKE & UNKUG, 906 Market.
A— slsoo; SHOE store; 1 block from City Hall;
splendid paying; stock worth the money;
owner bought ranch. WILKE & UNFUG. 906
Market St.
A ISSO; OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant in
wholesale district: no Sunday or night work;
a well-known and first-class paying place; a
genuine good bargain; sickness cause of sale.
WILKE & UNFUU. W6 Market st
$750— HALF of well-paying, pieasant commis-
sion business; or will trade for Al Oakland
business. Inquire WILKK & UNFUO.
$3000— LARGE nursery; fine running order; heart
of city; anybody can run this and Make
money; sickness; exchange for Alameda Co.
property. WILKE & UNFIG, SO6 Market St.
$1200— HOTEL, bar and billiard-room In promi-
nent railroad town; building and lot in-
cluded in sale; hotel has 26 bedrooms, parlor
and dining-rooms. Apply to M. LESS, 765
Market st.
$300— CORNER family liquor store; north of
Market St.; more than value In stock; owner
owns building. M. LESS A. CO., 766 Market.
$500— SALOON and lunch house, with 9 fur-
nished rooms: between shops and factories;
I part cash; see this at once. LESS & CO.,
j 765 Market at.
$450— MILK route: 12 cans of milk per day; all
private trade; 2 horses and wagon; present
owner there 14 years; selling account of old
i age. M. LESS & CO., 765 Market st.
I $1000— delicacy store; near Market st.;
has a large trade; full value In sight; a great
bargain. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$6io— CORNER family liquor store; south of
Market; Established over 10 years; 4 rooms;
line business, over $800 worth of stock; must
be sold at once. M. LESS & CO., 765 Market.
$110i>— ROAD house. Including building; doing
business $15 a day; old established stand for
years; d" pass door. JONES. £65 Market st.
$750— SALOON near Palace Hotel ; handsomely
fitted up; doing good business; disagreement
of partners cause sale; Just half price.
JONES, 866 Market st.
$250— CIGAR store on one of the leading streets
north of Market; good business; fine fixtures;
cheap rent. JONES, 865 Market st.
PARTNER wanted with $125; advertising busi-
i ness opportunity of a lifetime; will clear $75
I a month to each sure. JONES. 865 Market St.
j A— TWO special bargains In rooming houses;
finest location in city: doing splendid busi-
ness; special reason for selling; thorough in-
vestigation. S. H. GOULD & CO.. 632 Market.
A— s7s. BRANCH bakery, notions, candy: rare
bargain. S. H. GOULD & CO., 632 Market.
A— s2so— PARTNER wanted in brokerage busi-
ness; 20 years old; well located; investigate
this. 8. H. GOULD & CO.. 632 Market st.
CIGAR stands from $225 to $1500; all well
located and doing good paying business. S.
H. GOULD & CO.. 632 Market st.
A— WE have buyers to invest In any legitimate
business; parties willing to , sell give us a
call. National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$400 — CORNER saloon; clears $75 month; a snap.
— Cor. grocery and bar; clears $75 month.
$250 — Restaurant; No. 1 location; clears $60 mo.
$75— Branch bakery; Market St.: rent $15.
$200— Cigar store; receipts $12 per day.
Bargains at National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$125— BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor, 3
rooms; rent $15. National Agency. 7 Grant ay.
A— sBso; CORNER grocery and bar; Third st. :
big business; living rooms. KREDO & CO.,
22's Geary st.
A— s2so; COFFEE and lunch: est. 20 years; $15
to $20 daily. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary st.
! A— sl2s; DINING-ROOM: 30 steady boarders;
good transient; clears $100. KREDO & CO.,
22"; Geary at.
CORNER grocery and bar; bargain: death
In the family cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN
& CO.. 777 Market st.
CORNER saloon; a bargain. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
A— s2so; BARGAIN; sobriety and steadiness
wanted. LOEWENSTEIN, bet. Sixth and
Seventh sts.
A— lo FURNISHED rooms and bar, $350; 8 fur-
nished rooms. Market St., $165; cigar stand.
on Market St., $100. STANLEY & CO.. 1055
Market st.
$400 — PARTNER wanted in light business
where the services of a plain, steady man
are preferred to hired help; business long
established and too much for one man; no
experience required; trial given; $18 to $30 a
week each. 9 Geary st., room 18.
THE well-known Villa Hotel at Haywards; fur-
nished complete; Haywards Opera House In
connection; owner wants to retire on ac-
count of old age. Apply owner on premises.
FOR SALE— 26-room hotel; cost $5000 7 years
ago; price to-day $1100; furniture and large
lot included. Call 256 Third at.
FOR SALE Good grocery and bar; no oppo-
sition. Filbert and I.aguna sts.
BAKERY, all store trade; no wagon; two bar-
rels daily. Address box 1656, Call office.
FOR SALE— SI2S; fruit and candy store; value
In sight. Call 135 Powell st.
MAKE an offer— Half or whole Interest In best
paying restaurant In Oakland; present owner
there 7 years; reason for change, has whole-
sale business in San Francisco; clearing $200
month guaranteed; fullest Investigation and
trial before buying. E. E. BUNCE, 908
Broadway. Oakland.
GOOD opportunity for man with family who
can give massage and run salt water tub
bathing; plenty room for store or barber
- shop; sell cheap on account of sickness. Box
1634, Call office.
WANTED— Party to take an interest In well
known boiler cleansing fluid business with
Tnaniifncriirlnß- rights Writ* H V.. "nidi,
Stockton at., San Francisco.
WANTED— Furnished dining room In good lo-
cality: board given in exchange for rent. Box
1628. Call office.
A WELL established paying business, $1000;
experience not needed. Address box 1650, Call.
CIGAR stand for $175; well located; fair busi-
ness. Box 1636. Call office.
j $150 BUYS Jrest little business in Oakland; no
night or Sunday work; no experience neces-
I sary; owner has other business; sell cheap or
take partner. Box 106. Call office, Oakland.
DRUG STORE, clean and complete stock and
fixtures: In good location: Investigate at once:
chance for good physician. Address box 1518,
Call office.
COUNTY rights for sale; good paying busi-
ness; quick returns; secure your county at
once. M. H. Cart Wright, mi. 709, 927 Market.
$140-BARBER shop In Vallejo for sale; paying
$20 per week; cheap rent; owner leaving city.
_ Address W. J. P.. box 288. Vallejo, Cal.
2 FIRST-CLASS restaurants and coffee saloons;
sell one or both. Inquire of the proprietor.
315 Bush Ft.
BARBER shop; good steady trade; fine loca-
tion; on account of other business. 227 2d.
A BARGAIN— Elegant bar fixtures. Apply Wle-
land's Brewery, from 11 a. m. to 5 p. m.
$150— BAKERY and notions; fine trade; good
location; living rooms; rent 18. 1669 Grove
st., Oakland.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-153
Hpfile st
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, Id-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
LOVERS of setter dogs residing where game Is
plentiful can get good bargains by calling on
me. FRED CUCHE. dog trainer, 126 Gutten-
berg St., Station L, near Ocean View.
LARGE 35-foot launch; 8-foot beam; 10 horse-
power. Box 1652. Call office. ,
$90— AN upright Stoddart piano, almost new;
cost original $300. At UNCLE HARRIS', 15
Grant aye. __^
ONE 37-ft. launch, 12 horse power, gasoline; 10-
ft sloop; 21-ft. launch, 2 horse power, gaso-
line; 26- ft. launch hull; 60-ft. tug boat; bar-
gains; new and second-hand boats. H. EN-
GELBRECHT. successor to San Francisco
Launch Co.. North Point and Stockton sts. (
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021- Mission st..
above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND engines, boilers, pumps, hose,
belting, etc. H. L. WHITE, 51« Mission st.
SAFES—The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento Bt. ■ .
1 AND 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUP-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. . ...
SECOND-HAND lumber; old buildings bought
and removed. Yard, Fifteenth and Valencia.
CAL Belting Co., mfgs leather belting, lace lea-
ther; pulleys cvr'd. 619 Mission; ft. Br. SSL
PHONOGRAPHS, $20; records, $6 per dozen;
projectoacope. $100. Baclgalupl, 938-952 Market.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second handrail
vises; half original cost. 109- Market, S. F.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1898.
LODGING HOTSES FOR SALE.
H. cT^DECKErT" 1020 ' Market St., opp. Fifth.
48-ROOM CORNER HOUSE
JUST FURNISHED WITH NEW FURNI-
..TURE. ONLY $1500; EASY PAYMENTS..
24-room house; new house and furniture.. SoO I
8 rooms; new furniture; cost $550 200
10 rooms; central; clears $50 450
SEE MY LIST IN TO-DAY'S
CHRONICLE AND EXAMINER
12 rooms on Market: rent $40 400
10-room house; only l? 0
21 rooms: corner; clears $150 650
46-room house; corner 1200 j
22 rooms near City Hall 600 (
10 rooms; all rented; business street 300 i
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
CALL; I CAN SUIT YOU.
ABSTRACT FURNISHED
1020 MARKET ST.. OPP. FIFTH
H. C. DECKER
A— KREDO & CO 22H Geary st. |
Money Advanced on All Houses.
10 rooms; transient; fine corner $500
12 rooms; McAllister: clears $50 325
12 rooms; Golden Gate: elegant 900
14 rooms; all outside bay-windows 800
15 rooms; Geary; clears $100 1050
17 rooms; elegant; O'Farrell; clears $150.. ..50
A— ssso; 37 rooms; best transient; clears $150 a
month. KREDO & CO.. 22Vfr Geary st.
12 ROOMS and restaurant; fine $800
76 rooms; select; transient; corner 3500 ]
2S rooms; rent $56 550
34 rooms; north of Market; clears $50 660 '
10 rooms; all new furniture 600
IF YOU WILL CAIL ON US WE WILL
BUTT YOU AS TO LOCATION. PRICE AND I
SIZE OF HOUSE.
F. C. HYDE & CO., 1206 Market st.
BARGAINS at National Agency, 7 Grant aye.:
10 rms.; Hyde St. .s£sollB rms.; Post st $600
18 rms.; Third st.. 550 37 rms.; Howard... 700
20 rms.; Geary st. 000 50 rms.; Bush st... IJSO
100 others. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$600— NICELY furnished corner lodging-house
but little worn; must be sold at 'once: pro-
prietor going Eaßt. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE, 20 rooms, north of Murket
et. Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market st.
A— 3o, 70 and 100 room houses to let; also 300
flats at SPECK ft CO.'S. 602 Market St.
HOUSES TO LET.
A CHEAP house; 8 rooms, bath. 2529 Bryant
St., near Twenty-fourth: only $18.
HYDE, 416 — Sunny house of 7 rooms and bath
In good order. Apply 438 Hyde st.
MODERN residence. 3415 Jackson st .: grand j
view; 11 rooms and bath. Apply MADISON |
& BURKE, 626 Market E^
OAK, 29, near Market— l2-room house; rent
$40; 2 permanent roomers still in house, who
pay $25 per month, desire to stay; reliable
tenant only. Apply to 15 Grant aye.
PERRY, 208, near Fourth— 4 rooms and yard;
rent $8; water free. Apply to G. H. UMB-
SEN & CO.
SUNNY house; 10! M Union St.; 7 rooms, bath;
nearly new; large yard; $30. Apply to L. C.
BABJN, 413 Kearny st.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELU 10 Mont-
gomery St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$1S — SUNNY cottage; 5 rooms and bath and
stable; corner of Dolores and Cumberland.
FURNISHED FLATS.
NICELY furnished flat; 5 rooms and bath; with
piano 721 H Grove st.
FLATS TO LET.
AT 1142 Golden Gate aye.— Lower and middle
flat; 6 rms. ; modern convenhnces; sunny side.
BEAUTIFUL sunny upper flat, 5 rooms and J
bath; unfurnished; modern; $12: water free. I
2819 Golden Gate aye. or NAVLET, 401 Geary.
CLAYTON, 574, south of Frederick — Modern
sunny flat of 4 rooms and bath.
HAVES. 339- Branch office of Th« Call. Sub-
scriptions and ads taken.
LEAVENWORTH. 1619— Upper flat of 6 rooms:
gas: bath: rent $16.
LINDEN aye., JSl— 4 rooms and bath. Call at
31^ Fell Ft.
SUNNY bay-window flat. 7 rooms, bath; cot- \
tage, 5 rooms; cheap. NE. cor. Dolores & 15th. |
THANKSGIVING week we will offer 10 to 30 !
days' free rent to every flat or houß* we rent: I
we have ten flats. 3 rooms, $7; cozy 5-room
cottages, $12, etc., at SPECK & CO.'S, B'ji! :
Market st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
: flappole. BALDWIN & HOWELU 111 Mont- |
I gomery »t. _
!2OR 3 unfurnished rooms and bath. 1229 Mla-
I slon St., between Eighth and Ninth.
! $12. $14, $17; FLATS, light and sunny; 4, 6 and
6 rooms. KO9 Geary st.
$25— MODERN flat of 8 rooms, bath; 1 or 2
families. 1128 Howard st.
$13— FLAT of 4 rooms. 125 Page St., between
Gough and Octavla.
ROOMS FOR HOI SEKEEPIXG.
BUSH, 1203^—3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping, with use of piano If desire<l.
CLEMENTINA. 81—3 nice rooms; fine yard;
cheap; key upstairs.
EDDY, 917— Very desirable sunny connecting
housekeeping rooms; private residence; no
children.
FIFTH, 322 — Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen; grate, water, sink, bath; private; $11.
FOLSOM, 953, near Sixth— 2 front furnished
rooms; private.
FRANKLIN. 237— Furnished room for or with-
out light housekeeping.
GEARY, 610— Large sunny newly furnished
room; also room for housekeeping; gas range.
GEARY, 1812H— 3 large sunny rooms furnished
for housekeeping; no children.
GROVE. 32— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; bath; yard; cheap.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Nees aye.— Sunny un-
furnished 3-room suite, with gas range.
HOWARD, 52"— Kitchen and bedxoom furnished
complete; and others reasonable.
keeping roomfi.
LARKIN, 613— Neatly furnished sunny front
rooms and kitchens, from $12 up.
MASON, 805—2 sunny unfurnished rooms suit-
able for housekeeping; rent reasonable.^
McALLISTER, 422— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping.
MCALLISTER, 726— Upper flat; 7 rooms, bath;
rent $27; Key at 728.
MINNA, 281, corner Fourth— Furnished house-
kpg complete; front double and single; chp.
MISSION, 83?— Large sunny room, complete for
housekeeping, $2; single rooms. $1.
MISSION, 1217— Sunny front suites complete for
housekeeping; $12. $14 and $16.
OAK, 119—2 furnished rooms; heavy housekpg;
sunny; fine neighborhood; nejiHrate en.; $10.
OCTAVIA, 1410, near Qeary— Sunny rooms for
housekeeping; no children.
SEVENTH, 262— Housekeeping rm«. ; newly pa-
pered; sun ail day; large yard; alsu fur rm.rs.
81 :TH, IMU— Sunny large front rooms n!=o
suites; light housekeeping; rent reasonable.
SIXTH 420— Sunny bay-window rooms: house-
keeping; run. water, bath; also single rms.
SIXTH. 5«1. in the rear— 3 large unfurnished
rooms; cellar and yard.
THIRD. M— Large furnished room complete,
$7; 2 for $10; bedroom. |5 month.
ROOMS TO LET.
A^ILJNGTONTiouse, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
cunny rooms; en suit* or single; first-class
In every respect: terms reasonable.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms per week, $1 to to
$3: single, $1 to $1 50; day. 26c to 50c.
BALBOA, The, 1049 A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 50c, suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'trjtel.
BUSH. 421 — Furnished and housekeeping
rooms.
CALIFORNIA. 832— Elegant suite sunny fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen; board If desired.
DELAWARE. 14S8 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8. $10 mo.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— Nice sunny suites I
& flng., $1 50, $« wk. ; 50c, $1 day; tel. 81. 13G4.
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkin— Bay-window al-
cove; mantel; gas; bath.
FOLSOM, 868— Furnlfheil sunny front bay-win-
dow room; bath and gas.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
Mingle; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1: week $1 to $4: reading-room: Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE, 4S5— Nicely furnished front
room; running water, bath, etc.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to 16 par week.
HASKELL, The, 111 Powell St.— Cheap, neat,
light, sunny rooms; transients, gents preferd.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
suites and single rms. ; transient. Mrs. J. King.
LARGE, sunny unfurnished front room; bay-
window; Taylor, near Washington. Box 1655,
Call office.
LARKIN, 804— Sunny front neatly furnished;
1 or 2 persons; $6; small room, $4.
LARKIN, 1200. opp. Lurline Baths— Sunny fur-
nished roomp; from $4 up.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day, week or month.
I O'FARRELL, 224— Sunny front suite, $6 week;
single rm., double bed, $2 CO; run. water; tran.
PAGE, 1312, near Lyon— Fine alcove, room, with
or without kitchen; reasonable.
POST, 634 — Large neatly furnished room;
\ rent $8.
I POST 910—2 sunny front rooms for gentlemen;
$6 EO, $S 50; private family.
POWELL. 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms; second floor: leasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment Houses 23 Eighth St., j
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SHOTWELL. 824—3 sunny furnished rooms;
single or housekeeping: terms reasonable.
TEHAMA. 808, near Fourth— Nice clean single
rooms, $3 and $4 per month.
THE BRUNSWICK, 118 Sixth st., corner How-
ard—Beat nr.polnted: centrally locat?d: rooms
en suite or single. 25c to $1 night; $1 25 to $5
week; open all night: Howard-st. cars paas
houi»e direct from all boats and trains.
TREMONT House. 1773 Market st., opp Gough—
Hou3e newly furnished; single rooms cr suites;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
TURK. f>29 -2 sunny furnished rooms; running
water: large unfurnished front room.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BOARDING houses find it to their advantage
to buy meat at the Bay City Market.
BUSH, 822— Sunny suite; good board; hot and
cold water; single room*.
I FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room. ♦* a ween up, citjim imtiui mine.
HOTEL Fall-mount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture: first class In every respect: table
unsurpassed: hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2, $50 a month up.
"IRVING," 1070 Valencia St.— Bright sunny
rooms; large grounds: with board; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant rooms; home cook-
ing: parlor: piano; bath- gents; special rates.
SUTTER. 1128— Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK. 153— Furnished room, with
; board. $4 and $5; home cooking.
VAN NESS aye., 519 — Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms: first-class table board. -
CHILDREN BOARDED.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady would like to
board and care for 1 or 2 children. 30 Wil-
low aye., bet. Larkln and Polk, near Eddy.
INFANT or ' small child: good home ; $10 a
month. 210 Lexington aye.
STORES TO LET.
CLEMENTINA. 23— Store and 4 rooms, bar and
fixtures; cheap rent. Key upstairs,
CORNER store. Twenty-second and Castro sts. ;
suitable for grocery and bar.
STORE with living arartments, suitable for
harnessmaker or plumber. Apply 414 Bran-
nan st.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.:
light, heat, Janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210. .
OFFICE to let at 1065 Market St., opposite
Jones; newly furnished suite. .
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT $5 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
$3 50 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $295 00
Stelnway upright IS7 50
Chlckering upright 235 00
Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up: buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of ' '
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
136 Ellis St., Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $8 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$.'. per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. >V: ■ ■
DURING the next few weeks while our store
Is being remodeled we will offer the greatest
bargains in pianos and musical merchandise:
call and get our prices. ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st.
YOU want a piano. Why not call on us?
SCOTT. CURTASS PIANO CO. We rent, we
sell, we buy for cash. We own our own
building. We guarantee anything purchased
from us for ten years. 526 Hayes st.
AN elegant Stelnway upright, but little used
and In perfect order: a bargain. Spencer's
. Piano Warerooms, ISIS Market st.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. sole agents for Chick-
ering, Steck. Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell st.
A MAGNIFICENT high grade piano, slightly
used; cheap for cash. Room 10, Flood bldg.
BARGAIN: good Kteinway upright: cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
AN elegant Stein way. upright, for $250 cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 30S Post st.
HAINES Bros, and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap : brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest; prices lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHARE. 30 OFarrell Bt.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MI*LLER. maker, rppalrer. 2 Latham place.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sui-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYREB' Business College. 723 Market St.; Indi-
vidual Instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low rutes
per week and month.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mln-
lng, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.-
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
SET teeth, »4; fill., gold 50c, sllv. 25c; criiwns
$3; 9. a. m. to 10 p. m. Parlors, 235 Kearny.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE, 3941 Mth st.
LESSONS given in English branches, French,
piano, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 603 Eddy st.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY. 6A Hyde.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mair^
ket st. ; 400 positions secured in last 2 years.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke CaldwelTT
16 yrs. experience. Press Club bldg.. 123 Ellis.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
ELEVENTH^ 106— Branch office of The Calf
Subscriptions and ads taken.
DENTISTS^
A METAL plate for tne same price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth, $5: crowns. $3; fill-
ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed: extracting; free I
when plates are Ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner MarKet and
Mason s:s. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth, 15; see new flexible
plates: light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our sppcialf- fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 r>o: all
»— • painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
ial Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE \V. LEEK. gen"'ne Leek denUst.
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
antee of improved bridge work or te<>th with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
SKT of teeth. $5; filling, gold, $1 up; silver, 25c
up; bridge work; plates repaired; all work
painless and warranted ten years. New York
Dentists, 569 Mission Bt., corner Sixth.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. J5 up; fillings, 25c up all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
P97 Market Bt., corner Sixth. '
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reaso-ihle; gas given.
ALL ~nrk reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market at.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; 'phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, pold. exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 200 Fourth st.
PERSONALS.
ED KEYES— Yes, for obvious reasons will help
you to Chicago, tourist, but no more. If
terms satisfactory communicate.
CHARLIE REEU_
NORTON— Come home; all right.
FATHER.
IF you have domestic trouble or business
trouble and wish help; if you are afflicted
and want consolation; ill anil want health;
If you are unsuccessful and wish success, or
are poor and want riches; it lies entirely with
yourself to have whatever you desire. All
this by a law of the mind, as plain and
simple as breathing, the full knowledge of
which will be sent to you for one dollar.
Trad. Sup. Co.. 123 Liberty St., New York.
MIDDLE-AGED South German business man
wants to make acquaintance oi respectable
lady; object matrimony; no triflers. Box 1601,
Call office.
LEDERER, the hairdresser, uses Quinonia for
a hair tonic; it's unsurpassed; 3nc a bottle;
try it. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER, the popular hairdresser, charges
but 25c; Lederer'b Foamo Shampoo is the
most popular hair wash In the market; only
6c a package. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
CHRISTMAS Sale— Japanese bamboo furniture;
all kinds to order; wholesale and retail; coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO.. 313 Sutter.
FOR comfort, durability, elegance and economy
have your shoes made to order at store prices
by Family Shoe Factory. 15S0-1554 Market st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $8 per week;
free 'bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
SEE the handsome skirts and fur garments,
prices reduced, at HODGE'S, 905 Market st.
TOOTHACHE — Use One-Minute Toothache
Drops; for sale by all druggists; price 10c.
UKi_m.n».E.«n i-.tmi u-.- wjjj buiu>, d ß cd „ *" *"■
manufacturer's cost. 107 Sansome, upstairs.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
■ HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
■ SUITS to order on easy Installments. li.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Bth.
• ELEVENTH. 10&— Branch office of Th« Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
\ DRESSMAKERS.
FASHIONABLE dressmaking: children's
dresses a specialty; reasonable. 334 Eddy st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market: men and women teachers.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— Elegant stylish dresses. $5
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy St.. rrns. 14-15.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION J
Returned.
MBS. DR. A. D. HOWE
Has returned from her Alaska tour, and begs
to Inform her patients, both old and new, that
she has opened offices at The Vendome, 1104
Market st.
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees It all. tells you all
and Instantly gives you peace and happiness.
She never asks a question, but before you
utter a word she tells you in full of all that
you are Interested In; business, speculation,
love, marriage, divorce, tells of your friends
and enemies.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. HOWE.
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies; consult
when others fall; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
THE Mission Lyceum — Entertainment and
dance to-night: Excelsior Hall. Mission St.,
bet. 19th and 20th; admission 10c.
MRS. C. STEWART will give test circle to-
morrow night, 8 sharp. 1260 Grove St., Oakld.
DR. LOUISE DREW, medium & healer; hrs.,
10 to 5: minerals psychometrized. 1027<A Mrkt.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dium. lIS Halght St.
| MRS. ELLIS: tests to ail; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m. :
Mon.. 8. 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want nils and subscriptions tiken.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 221 Sixth st. .
MME. LENEMAR. fort, by planets: predicted
rescue passengers str. Gold, '74: 23',-i 6th. r. -3.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 14S Sixth, rm. 11.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. A VENA reads life fluently: business
advice: names Riven; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1049 A Market st.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that MRS.
DR. GWYER has returned to the city and
resumed business; a sure and sale cure for
all female diseases from whatever cause:
all those who are sick or discouraged should
call on the doctor and state their case be-
fore going elsewhere; they will find her a
true friend; home for patients with every
comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by MRS.
DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy st.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause): safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known . to fail;
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential: strong
pills, $1; guaranteed cure, $5. MRS. DR.
WYETH. 208 Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
DO years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity, disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write: free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price |1 50 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23
Grant aye.. S. F. A caution — Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us. ■ ■
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat- i
ter from what cause and how long standing; |
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In one day; safe and sure; . no medi-
cine or instruments used; consultation free;
eaves disgrace; pills, and capsules, $1; cure.
$5. By the well-known ladles' physician for
37 years, DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from . what-
ever cause: no Instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office, to; travelers helped Instantly;
consult free: confidential: hours, 9 a. m. to
6p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st. :
$1 50. Send 2c stump for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO.. 531 X St., Sacramento, Cat
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate: infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
ELEVENTH. Branch office of Th» Call.
Subscriptions nnd ail* taken.
HORSES.
GOOD road horse for sale cheap. Apply 45
Dehon st. '
HOP«E and wagon for sale; harness. 218 Dora
street.
CO HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyards, 220 Valencia st., between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own price.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
carta, harness; ■ Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, SI7 Sixth :" auction sales 'every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN _ DOYLE. Auctioneers. >
JUST arrived— 2 carloads of horses from 1200, to
2000 lbs. : .Occidental F-almvards. 721 Howard.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. j
BARGAINS— Must be sold: wagons, buggies,'
hacks, phaetons, carts and harness, or will
sell as a whole. Fifteenth and Valencia sts/
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.. ~~
ADVICE free; divorce laws; private. J. .B.
EVANS, 14 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
ADVICE free— P. ADAMS, 607 Emma
Spreckels bldg., 027 Market; charges moderate.
£.. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 9*7 Market st. -■ " :
-__ ________________ _
STORAGE.
PIERCE-RODOLPir^^rag^nd~Morln^Ca
;Of flee 401 Post St., cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713,
CITY REAL ESTATE.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
C 6 LOTS SOLD.
PRICE ONLY J275.
TEKMS $5 MONTHLY.
The sale of lots In the two blocks south of the
Park, which we subdivided about 30 days ago,
has been the most rapid sale of lots ever known
in San Francisco.
We believe that the reason they are selling
so fast is because there never were such de-
sirable lots offered at such low prices.
$L' 7. r > UPWARD.
Terms, $25 Cash. $5 Monthly. Have You Seen
Them?
Facing on Sth, 9th. 10th and 11th. ayes., south
of and not far from Golden Gate Park. Lots
graded and ready for the builder.
Magnificent views, overlooking Golden Gate
Park, Golden Gate and the city. Property lies
On gentle slope running up from the Park:
splendid drainage; sheltered from the winds by
hills to the westward; near the Affiliated Col-
leges and not far from all the principal Park
attractions.
BE SURE AND SEE THEM AT ONCE.
Take Haight or Ellis street cars and transfer
to the new electric road (taking the place of
the old steam dummy), get off car at Ninth
avf. and H st. We have a branch office there,
open dally (Sundays and holidays included).
Blue cars on Mission and Ellis streets run
direct from the ferries.
BALDWIN . & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
A — BARGAIN; elegant new modern cottage, 5
rooms and bath; attic; Ufto Castro St.. near
23d. Apply P. J. DONAHUE, Builder, 164
Precita aye.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch offlc* of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1400— TO close an estate; lot 40x100: modern
house. 7 rooms; 2 blocks from station and
school.
$1000— lot 50x150; house of 4 rooms; 1
blocks from Morten st. station.
$2800— Colonial cottage. 7 rooms and
bath; lot 42x150; elegant location; easy terms.
Elegant home on Central aye.: lot 50x207. See
this at once. Houses to let In all parts of Ala-
meda. H. P. MOREAL & CO.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, installment horn*
builders and real estate agents. 1600 Park st.,
Alameda. Cal. . .
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3000—5- room cottage; bath, laundry; 1% acresT
12 m!n. walk to Berkeley stn. Freese & Cod-
llngtcn. Sll9 Stanford pi., opp. Berkeley gtn.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats, $12 to * l "; no dark rms.;
stove and porcelain bath; water, ash man
free; Adeline station. Oakland; key 940 Union
ft. KOENIG & KROLL. 1006 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BROADWAY, 1229— Unfurn housekpg rooms,
carpets; reasonable to responsible parties.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— «r.d chesD. H. SCHELU^
HAAS' old »tor». <0> Eleventh «t. 8-« him.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS to salaried people holding permanent
positions; no security except their name;
easy payments; no publicity. NEW ERA
LOAN CO., room 25, 1003 V» Broadway, Oak-
land; houru 10 to 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In 8. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 ■to 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94S Market St.; telephone Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on "real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. S.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason st., opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos-, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
MONEY WANTED.
$1500 WANTED for 6 or '12 months 10 per cent;
on good Indorsed or joint note. Box 1619, Call.
J LOST.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibemia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of JAMES FEAGAN; No. 6319. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of ROBERT THOMPSON; No. 160-1275.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST, in Alameda— Large white dog; collar
bears license to Nallaln, Stout st., Portland,
Or. Return to 1431 Sherman St., Alameda;
liberal reward.
STRAYED— St. Bernard dog. Suitable reward
. for his return to 227 Grant aye.
FAT fox terrier; named Jim: white except ears
and head; black and tan; paces; collar with
bells attached. Liberal reward returned to
1103! i Stevenson st.
WILL party who found lace scarf on train
Sunday return to Oakland Pier? Reward.
MILK route book and small cash book. Finder
please return or report sto Durham Farm
Dairy, 231 Sixth aye., Richmond, city.
PHYSICIANS.
Rl^l O V^r^oUc7^r7"cT^r^^mm^nr^offlc«
and residence. 1021 14 Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Frank Naegel and Bertha Keenan 37-23
Jaen Cassou and Janle Mourass .28-27
Louts Brandt and Nicolasa L. Schaaf 22-26
John O'Hara Cosgrave and Helen Bdrden. .33-25
Henry F. Burhmelster and Minnie Au1t... 34-25
W. J. Donlon and Berlindo C. Le Fevre... 2s-22
Eugene A. Hentzel and Nellie Boss 20-19
Edward A. Ralton and Josie L. Stone 33-24
Charles McAuliffe and Victorine Vassellne.2S-23
Frank P. Dunn and Mary A. Hlllard 26-26
John Starett and Ellen Lyons 50-35
Fred S. Plnkham and Grace Carmlchael... 3o-28
Gustaf Llndegreen and Jennie C. Hedberg. 29-21
John P. Peterson and Sofia Janson 29-31
Esple A. White and Mary E. Huffman 25-24
Fred O. Hall and Katherine Geary J!S-30
Johan Jauch and Anna Bruns 25-26
John W. McCracken and Emma Sevenson. 36-27
Giuseppe Demartlnl and Anna Cune0. ......31-18
| Austin O'Brien and Nellie Sullivan 36-27
J. Fred Brown and Maude Kahrs 29-21
Joseph Brugnone and Ignlzza Rusao 24-1S
j BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
' Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOS*.
BANGS— In this city, November 14, IS9B, to the
' wife of F. C. Bangs, a daughter.
LENSCHNER— In this city, November 22, 1898,
to the wife of Professor A. O. Lenschner, a
daughter.
NEISH— In this city, November 17, 1898, to the
wife of W. Y. Nelsh, a son.
_______
MARRIED.
HOITT— SCHUBERT— this city. November
. 18, I«9S, Ralph H. Holtt and Marie A. Schu-
bert.
METHMANN— HERRMANN— this city, No-
vember 20, IS9B, by the Rev. J. A. Schilling,
Hermann Methmann and Martha Herrmann.
STARRETT— LYONS— this city, November
22. IS9S. by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D..
John Starrett and Mrs. Ellen Lyons, both of
* Russion River, Sonoma County, Cal. ■ '
~ DIED. ,~" ~~
Anorose, Annie Hopps. Charles E.
Bond, William E. Jurgens. J. D.
, Brandon. Thomas S. Kelly, John F.
" Brown, Arthur F. Leonard. Cathryn N.
Burke. Mrs. Richard Lion, Mrs. Zulima
• Chandler, Henry J. Lyons, Thomas
■ Chick, Nellie M. MacDermot, Charles
Clancy, Ellen :• Napier. Mary
1 Cooper, . Lizzie J. O'Brien. Mary A.
' Delatour, Arthur J. j Percival, Charles
Dixon, Olive Meade Peters, Jurgen F.
, Dobson, Richard Riordan. George
Drise. Amelia Threlfall. Helene G.
Gabriel, Rev. Jonas Tullar, Henry 3.
' Halllnan, . Lloyd D. Williams, Mary L.
ANBROSE— this city, November 22, 1898,
Annie, dearly beloved wife of Frank An-
, brose, and mother of Marguerite Anbrose, a
native of San Rafael, Cal., aged 24 years and
V 11 months.
BOND— In Oakland, November 21. 1898, William
E. Bond, beloved son of Mrs. E. Lataple. and
beloved husband of Ruby Dore Bond, a na- !
tive of Petaluma, Cal., aged 37 years. (Peta- '
- luma and Santa Rosa papers please copy )
C 7" The funeral services will take place
this day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at 2009
Pacific, avenue. ; Interment private. Please
omit flowers. .-',,. "
BRANDON— this city, November 21. IS9B,
Thomas 8., beloved son of James A. and
Maggie Brandon, grandson of Thomas Co-
gan. a native of San , Francisco, aged 1 year
4 months arid 8 days. (Linn County, Or., pa-
pers please copy.) . - •
£7"Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parents*
residence, 39 Bruce place, off Harrison ave-
nue, between Seventh and Eighth streets.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BROWN— In this city, November 20, IS9B, Ar-
thur F., beloved husband of Eliza A. Brown,
and fßther of Ralph. Ella, Arthur and Gladys
j Brown, a native of Napa, Cal., aged 39 years.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2517 McAllister street. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
DONAHUE-BURKE— A solemn requiem mass
will be offered on Saturday morning. No-
vember 26, at 9 o'clock, in SJ. Mary's Cathe-
dral, Van Ness avenue, for the repoM of the
soul of Mrs. Richard Burke, daughter of the
late James and M. A. Donahue, and niece oi
the late Mr. Peter Donahue of San Francisco.
The death of Mr«. Burke occurred recently at
her residence In Feathsrd, Tlpperary, Ire-
land.
CHANDLER— In this city. November 22, IS9B,
Henry J., beloved son of Emma J. and th»
late David S. Chandler, and brother of Wal-
ter 0., Willie G. and Luther C. Chandler, a
native of New Hampshire, aged 36 years 1
month and 22 days.
KTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
CHICK— In Oakland. Nellie M. Chick, a na-
tive of Lewiston, Me., aged 53 years.
CLANCY— In thi3 city. November 22. 189S, Ellen,
beloved wife of John Clancy, a native of
Louisville, Ky., aged 45 years.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fuily Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1152 Folsom street.
COOPER— In Oakland. November 20, 1898, Lis-
zle J., beloved daughter of l'Vank and Mary
Cooper, and sister of Frank, Joseph, John,
Mollie and Peter Cooper, a native of Oak-
land, aged 18 years 4 months and 17 days.
tr^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her
parents' residence. 601 Third street, thence
to the Church of the Immaculate Conception,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Ceme-
tery, Oakland.
DELATOUR— In this city, November 21. 1898,
Arthur J., beloved son of Isaac and Hatti*
Delatour, a native of San Francisco, aged 8
years and 15 days.
DIXON-MEADE— In Lou Gatos, November 21.
' IS9B, Olive Meade Dlxon, daughter of C. S.
and the late Sarah H. Meade, and sister of
Mrs.' J. C. Howe, Charles H. Meade and tha
late George W. and James E. Meade, a native
of Batavia, N. Y. (Buffalo and Batavla,
N. V.. papers please copy.)
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her sister, Mrs. J. C. Howe. 4053
Eighteenth street, near Castro. Interment
private.
DOBSON— In this city, November 20. 1898,
Richard Dobson, beloved father of Lizzie
Dobson and Mrs. A. Driscoll and Mrs. Mary
Raymond, a native of New Jersey, aged 67
yeans. (Brooklyn, N. V., papers please copy.)
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the fu-
neral parlors of James McMenomey & Son,
105,7 Mission street near Seventh, Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DRISE— In this city, November 21, 1898, Ame-
lia, beloved daughter of George and Korlena
Drlse, a native of South San Francisco, aged
8 years 4 months and 7 days.
GABRIEL— In New York. November 15. 1898.
Re\ - . Jonas Gabriel, beloved father of Charles
and Lester Gabriel and Mrs. A. Aurlch of
San Francisco, Mrs. J. Morrel, Mrs. J. Han-
ley and Carrie and A. J. Gabriel of New
York, a native of Germany, aged 75 years.
HALLINAN— In this city. November 22. 1898.
Lloyd Daniel, beloved son of Nathaniel and
Nora Hallinan, and grandson of Patrick and
Sarah Hallinan, aged 3 months and 4 days.
HOPPS —In Alameda, November 21, 1898,
at 1525 Pacific avenue, Charles E., beloved
husband of Ellen A. Hopps, a native of Bos-
ton, Mass., aged 68 years and 9 months.
ITJ"FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
November 25, at 2 o'clock, from Maporiic Tem-
ple, Post and Montgomery streets. San Fran-
cisco, under the auspices of Occidental Lodga
No. 22, F. and A. M. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery, San Francisco.
JURGENS— In this city, November 21, 1898,
J. D., beloved son of Lena Jurgens, and
brother of Mrs. C. Meyer, John O. Jurgens,
Mrs. H. Gaerdes and Henrietta and Willie
Jurgens, a native of Estebrugge, Germany,
aged 42 years 4 months and 3 days. A mem-
ber of the Germanla Club.
(CFFriendß and acquaintances are respect-
ftilly invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:80 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth, thence to Union Square Hall, 421 Post
street, svhere funeral services will be held
under the auspices of the Germanla Club,
commencln- at 2 o'clock. Cremation I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city. November 21. 1898, John
F., beloved son of Catherine and the late Luke
Kelly, and brother of Mary 1., Sarah A. and
Peter J. Kelly, a native of San Franolsco,
aged 21 years 5 months and 7 days.
tO'The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 8:3" o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother, 209 Twelfth street, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
LEONARD— In Alameda, November 21, 1898.
Cathryn Newman Leonard, dearly beloved
motheV of Mrs. C. P. Bailey. Mrs. R. D.
Cameron, Mrs. E. Brodt and Edw. H. Leon-
ard, aged 70 years 3 months and 3 days.
([^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2040 Buena Vista avenue. Willow-
street station, thence to St. Joseph's Church.
where a requiem mass will be said for
the repose or her soul. Interment St. Mary' 3
Cemetery, Oakland.
LION— In San Jose, November 21, 1898, Mrs.
Zulima Lion, beloved wife of L. Lion, a na-
tive of Bordeaux, France, aged 67 years and
S months.
IC?"Funeral this day (Wednesday), at 10:30
a. m., from St. Joseph's Church, In San Jose.
LYONS— In this city, November 21, IS9S.
Thomas, beloved husband of the late Mar-
garet Lyons, and father of Mamie, John,
Maggie, Thomas and James Lyons, a native
of Ireland, aged 54 yeans. A member ot
Norman Lodge No. 1841. Knights of Honor.
|C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, S Belmont court, off Seventh street, be-
tween Bryant and Brannan, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at » o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
MacDERMOT— At his residence In Oakland,
Alameda County, November 21, 189S, Charles
F. MacDermot, a native of Ireland.
ICTNo flowers.
NAPIER— In this city, Nov. 21, 1898, Mary
Napier, beloved wife of Innes J. Napier and
mother of Mrs. Charles L. Green, a native
of Sligo, Ireland, aged 56 years 3 month*
and 20 days.
fCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter, 1024 Washington
street, thence to St. Francis Church, where
services will be held, commencing at 2
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In the City and County Hospital,
November 22. IS9S. Mary Ann O'Brien, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 61 years.
PERCIVAL— In this city, November 22. IS9B.
Charles Percival, a native of England, aged
' ir^N'otlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street.
PETERS— In this city. November tt. 1898. Jur-
gen F Peters, dearly beloved brother of Mm.
Dr P H Mobs and Ernst and John Peters,
a native of Helder, Holstein, Germany, aged
63 years 9 months and 10 days. A member of
Freundachafdt Saengerbund.
IT?- Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of the Gantner & Guntz Un-
dertaking Company, 8 and 10 City Hall
square.
GIORDAN— In this city. November 22, IS9B,
Police Officer George Riordan, beloved
brother of Jerry Riordan, a native of Boston.
Mass, aged 38 years.
trjr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the H. J. Gallagher Undertaking Company.
20 Fifth street, thence to Bt. Patrick's Church,
Mission street, between Third and Fourth,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
THRELFALL— Haywards, November 21.
IS9B, Helene Goodell Threlfall, beloved daugh-
ter of Georeie A. and the late Walter T.
Threlfall, a native of Haywards, aged 1 year
1 month and IS days.
ICFrlends are Invited to attend the ser-
vices this day (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock,
at the residence of the grandfather, George
A. Goodell, of Haywards.
TULLAR— In the City and County Hospital,
November 22. 1898. Henry S. Tullar. a native-
of Vermont, aged 60 years.
WILLIAMS— East Oakland, November 21.
1898, Mary L., wife of G. R. Williams, mother
of Claribel and Edith R. Williams and Mrs.
R. H. Allen, and sister of Miss L. E. Lud-
wig, a native of Ohio, aged 50 years and 2
months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1466 Tenth avenue. East Oakland.
Interment strictly private.
tWga_____K-J_S— _fl 
YOUNG MEN'S CATHOLIC UNION— A re-
quiem high mass for the repose of the souls
. of the deceased members of the Young Men's
Catholic Union will be celebrated in St. Igna-
tius Church to-morrow (Thursday), commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Friends are Invited to at-
tend.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL:.rERBL
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. . > ;.' ■'. ■
IH. B. Me A VOY, Manager.
mcavoy _ Co., a
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMEALMERJ 1
1235 Market at., between Bth and 9th. . 8
• " ■ Telephone. ' South 247. • ■ " " 1
1112
IDENTITY OF
THE MOTHER
STILL A SECRET
The Garbage " Mys
tery" Unsolved,
TWO SCAVENGERS ARRESTED
THEY WERE THE LAST TO
LEAVE THE WORKS.
A Suspicions Case on Franklin Street
Which Is Now Bein£ Inves
tigated by the
Police.
The body of the one-day-old infant,
which was found in a pile of garbage at
the crematory works Monday evening,
etill remains unidentified at the Morgue, j
Unless the unnatural mother voluntarily
makes a confession it Is very unlikely;
that her identity will ever be known.
Yesterday afternoon Detective Dillon I
I'oliceman Bakulich arrested two ,
scavengers who are strongly suspected of j
being Die men who carried the remains
to the crematory. They are J. Rossi of j
12 Lafayette street and Antonio Prignoli j
of 444 Union street. A short time prior to |
the discovery of the dead infant, the two j
men, who are partners in a garbage i
wagon, drove up to the works and dump- ,
ed the' load of refuse which was in their ,
cart. They seemed anxious to get away, j
even refusing to answer the usual ques- j
tions put by one of the employes at the
works. A few minutes after they had!
]eft the body of the dead infant was dls- ,
covered.
After learning of their apparent haste
to leave the works Detective Dillon and
Policeman Baku*uh concluded that they |
knew something about the cruel disposi
tion of the infant and vainly endeavored j
to find out where they lived failing to I
locate them Dillon and his fellow of
ficer, thinking they would return with
another load of garbage, awaited their
C< Snortiy before 4 o'clock the two men ,
apeared and were at once placed under j
arrest To Bakulich, who speak tne
Italian language, the men said they knew
nothing of the attempt to get rid of the j
c* started out' shortly after 6 o'clock |
on Monday morning." he said, "and vis
lted over eighty houses. It was after 4 ;
o'clock wh.-n we finished our work, and,
as usual, drove to the crematory. W e ar
rived there about 5 o'clock, and as we j
tvp-e anxious to return to our homes we i
lost no time in disposing of the garbage]
i collected.
"We then drove away, and did not
know of the finding of the Infant until we
were placed under arrest."
Rossi seemed determined to prevent thfl
officials from getting any information
from his partner. When they started to
question Prignoli he advised him to keep
his mouth closed.
"Don't talk too much, he said in Ital
ian. "These fellows are trying to pump
you."
Officer Bakulich, who was listening to
his remarks, quickly ordered him to "shut
up "
Prignoli. after being warned by his part
ner, positively refused to answer the ques
tions of the officers. They were then
locked up in different cells, so as to pre
vent them from communicating with each
other.
Detective Dillon is inclined to believe
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
Instantly Relieved by
a Warm Bath
with
and a single anointing with
CUTICURA, purest of emol-
lients and greatest of skin
cures. This is the most
speedy, permanent and eco-
nomical treatment for tor-
turing, disfiguring, itching,
burning, Weeding, scaly,
pimply and crusted skin,
scalp and blood humors,
with loss of hair.
CUTICT'RA SOAP, because of its delicate
emollient properties, in the most soothing, puri-
fying and refreshing application for rashes, ir-
rltationp, chafin£S, inflammations undue or
offensive perspiration, as well as for many other
sanative uses.
Sold throughout the world. Price, CUTI-
Ci'::.\ SOAP, 2. 7 ,c; CUTICURA (ointment), 50c.
POTTER DRUG AND CHEM. CORP., Sole
Props.. Boston. British Depot, 1 King Edward
St., London. Depr.t Francai?, 113 Faubourg St.
Honore, Par!?. Send for "Face, Hands and
Hair Book/ mailed free.
CALIFORNIA AND STANFORD
RESTING FOR THE STRUGGLE
The Cardinal .Has Improved Greatly, Wfeile the Blue and Sold
.Meets With Jleeidents at the Eleventh .Hour, Which
Weaken the Team.
THE work of the football season Is over and the red-shirted sons of Stanford and the blue-and-gold-striped
athletes of California are anxiously awaiting the exciting moment when the signal will be given for the
clash of arms. The last practice was held yesterday on the gridiron at Berkeley and on the field that has
been temporarily laid out at Congress Springs. It was a disastrous practice for the blue-and-gold eleven,
injuring two of their men at the last moment. Whipple, the left half, whose shoulder has been giving him
more or less trouble during the past few weeks, received a bad wrenching that forced him to retire. There is some
doubt about the seriousness of the injury, but it is thought it will not prove of such severity as to keep him out
of the game. "Locomotor" Smith was the second to feel the necessity of retiring. In a scrimmage the flesh between
two of his fingers was torn apart. Throe stitches were necessary to sew up the wound. Smith will undoubtedly play
in the Thanksgiving game, although his catching will have to be done under difficulties.
Practice at both Berkeley and Congress Springs yesterday changed the football situation entirely. The game
of the ame They will shake the dust of Berkeley from their feet early on the day when they are to cross swords with their time-honored adversaries
o gan^j ht e io the rt Nicholas Hotel. The reason of this is to have the team away from the rush and excitement of the howling and ecstatic stu
dents^ iVthe evening the team will go to Odd Fellows' Hall, where a specially arranged show is prepared for the night.
Th betting on the game is slight as yet, owing to the demands of the Stanford supporters for big odds. The California men are asking for even
but there is not much of it In sight. The favored odds are 10 to 8, with California on the long end. There is little Stanford money in town at
"^"ent Things will be different to-night when the advance guard of the cardinal rooters reach this city. To-morrow morning there will be a glut
money, but it is doubtful if the odds will gravitate to even money.
WILL NOT WEAR NECKTIES FOR A YEAR
IF BERKELEY'S COLORS ARE LOWERED
NO football victory— no necktie.
This is the somewhat ludicrous
alternative to which almost
every college man at Berkeley
■will pledge himself. It is the
latest development of the great wave
of enthusiasm which surpasses any
thing that the University of California
men have ever known. Everything
about football goes. The sale of em
blems, badges, streamers, flags, rib
bons has been simply enormous. The
anti-necktie club has become a perfect
craze. With a haste that betrays only
too well the unbounded confidence as
to the outcome of the Thanksgiving
day game nearly all the men students
are signing its pledge. In effect it
means simply and plainly that unless
Berkeley wins the game hardly any
Berkeley man will a-ppear upon the
that Rossi knows something about the
taking of the body to the crematory.
"He is a very cunning fellow." remark
' ed Dillon when asked if he had the right
men. "1 am morally certain that he
■ knows from whom the body was received,
I and that he assisted in taking it to the
garbage works. His partner no doubt is
equally guilty, but for lack of evidence we
are unable to positively accuse them."
To-day Dillon and Bakulich will visit
! the houses from which the two men col
i lected the garbage in the hope of finding
a clew which would lead to the identity
i of the unnatural mother who sought to
hide her shame by having her dead child
! cremated as garbage.
Dr. Gallagher yesterday made an au
topsy on the body of the dead infant and
found that the child had been still born.
Its neck was broken, presumably by be
ing tossed in the si-avenger's wagon.
The mystery may have its solution in
a clew which came into the possession of
the police last night. One of the officers
ascertained that a woman living in a
1 boarding house on Franklin street, near
McAllister, a few nights ago gave birth
!to a child, which is said to have been
i spirited away by its father. The child ia
1 reported to have been born dead. Its
' mother is Spanish and has been living
for some time at the boarding house on
Franklin street, with a man who is not
, her husband. The man, it is said, works
in one of the cheap South Side restaur
ants. A few nights ago the woman sent
I for a midwife and doctor. When the child
was born it was dead. The doctor ad
; vised the man, so it is reported, to burn
the child or get rid of it in some way.
Not having much ready money the father
: of the child took the doctor's hint, and
wrapping the dead infant in a pU -c of
cloth, carried it from the house, Saying
he would see that it was buried. When
; inquiry was made at the house late last
1 night only the landlady's husband was In,
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1898.
which California played on Monday afternoon was meteoric in its brilliancy,
and in comparison with anything that Stanford has done this season was
at least 25 per cent better. All the California supporters were elated over
the prospects of the team. Their enthusiasm received a severe shock yes
terday afternoon, when the blue-and-gold varsity lined up against the sec
ond eleven for the last time. The dash, vim and vigor of the attack of the
preceding day had evanesced and in its place was a listless, half-hearted
offense that brought harsh words to the lips of the coach and exhorta
tions from all the old varsity men on the field. The practice lasted but
fifteen minutes, but it was long enough to lay out two of the men on the
team. Whipple's injury is likely to prove the most serious to the team. He
played left tackle and was developing into a strong and heady player. Op
posite him will be Wilson, the great linesman of Stanford's eleven. The
wrenching that Whipple's shoulder received yesterday may i rove but
slightly injurious to his play, but it is sure to weaken him.
The work of the blue-and-gold team yesterday afternoon was a complete
setback to the coaches on the other side of the bay. It demonstrated one
thing, and that is that the California eleven is not consistent in its per
formances. If they play the fast game they did in practice on Monday
night they ought to defeat the cardinal, but unless they buckle down and
work for every inch another cardinal victory will decorate the trophy cabi
net at Stanford. It is this variable quantity in the California composition
that makes the outcome of the game this year uncertain. |
At Palo Alto, on the other hand, the stock has risen a number of points.
The team did not play hard practice games yesterday, but took things
easy, working at signals, +he execution of new plays and kicking. Since
the church-going at Congress Springs the drooping spirit of the team has
been dispelled and the boys are now happy and even confident of victory.
The condition of the men will be all that can be desired when they line
up on Recreation Park gridiron Thursday afternoon. All the first eleven
men were out, with the exception of Freeman, who is still kept out of the
play on account of his injured shoulder.
There is no doubt in the world that the springs were beneficial to
the cardinal. Their so-called malaria was dissipated as by the touch of a
magic wand. With Freeman in good condition the team will be able to
appear on the field in perfect form. The mountain retreat has done its work
and the Stanford athletes will be right ready for the fray.
Coach Cross spoke encouragingly last night of the condition and marked
improvement of his team. He said: "I feel much better to-day, for I see
that we have a fine fighting chance for victory. The mountain air, the iso
lation and the concentrated work that the team has done in the last few
days has given me great satisfaction. We certainly have improved in in
dividual play, in team work and chiefly in physical condition. I do not
know whether Freeman will play center or not, but I think it is very likely.
The backs win be the quartet that has played together during the last two
weeks Fisher, full; Dole, left half; Clinton, right half, and Murphy, quarter.
They are playing faster and more in unison than they have been of late.
The rest of the time will be devoted to signal practice, and we will have lots
of it."
It is not definitely decided where the Stanford eleven will go after
they leave the springs, which will be some time this afternoon, but it will
be one of three places— the Vendome at San Jose, Menlo Park or the uni
versity. They will come to the city on Thursday morning, making the Pleas
anton their headquarters. After the football show the team will be ban
queted and then finish off the day with the "Gay Coney Island" perform
ance at the Columbia.
The California men will not leave their training quarters until the day
campus for the rest of the term with
anything resembling a necktie.
In a short time after the craze had
started some 200 names were on the
list. The number is increasing contin
ually, and before the referee blows
the whistle at 2:30 o'clock Thursday
the men of the student body will be
supporting the idea as a unit. The
prospect of going without a cravat
does not make the rash resolve any the
more unpopular. If Berkeley loses
Berkeley will go in mourning for a
month, and it will show its grief in
the display of some 400 or 500 white
shirt bosoms and bare collar buttons
every day upon the campus. John P.
Irish will be made an honorary mem
ber of the club.
The pledge with its present list of
names is as follows:
We, the undersigned, declare that
and to all questions asked of him he re
plied in a doubtful, hesitating way that
he did not know. He would affirm noth
ing and at the same time would not
make any positive denials. He only an
swered to every single question asked of
him that he did not know.
For Your Table.
We are offering for this day only Choice
Creamery Butter squares at 35 cents,
Cape Cod Cranberries at 35 cents a gallon,
Loose Cluster Raisins, four-crown, four
pounds for 25c; Petaluma Ranch Eggs, 35
cent? a dozen; California Brandy, choice,
50 cents a bottle. Full lines of holiday
supplies. Call and see us. Levin Bros.,
Inc.T Leading Cash Grocers 1324-1326 Mar
ket st. No branch stores. 'Phone S. 292. "
His Star Has Fallen.
Policeman George Riordan died at St.
Luke's Hospital yesterday from cancer.
Several operations were performed in the
hope of caving his life, but without suc
cess. He was born in Boston, Mass.. in 1859,
and joined the force on June 21, 1888. He
was a quiet, unassuming man and was a
favorite with his superiors and comrades.
Bankruptcy Cases Adjudicated.
Petitions in bankruptcy were filed in the
United States District Court yesterday by
the following: William H. Armitage of
Alameda, debts $1862 33, assets none; John
Otten. a shoe dealer, formerly of Ukiah
and now of Santa Clara, debts $3547 85,
with no assets. Both cases were adjudi
cated.
Beats for the U. C. Thanksgiving show
on sale at Sherman & Clay'». •
our wearing of neckties for the rest of
the term is conditional on winning the
Thanksgiving game:
William H. Houston, G. H. Masters,
George O. Brehm, D. A. Gordenker,
W. B. Dunlap, C. H. Gorrill, C. D.
de Lancey, F. M. Foster, 8. G. Mas
ters, B. J. Miner, M. E. Deutsch, L.
Arnstein, E. C. Swan. W. M. Martin,
L. H. Kling, A. C. Cloud, A. E. Druck
er, J. V. Mendenhall, R. L. Logan. R.
W. Harvey, O. Bentz, R. W. Simonds,
Otto Falch. George H. Wilhelm, J. W.
Ely, R. S. Springer, R. W. Marlthrop,
P. Lebenbaum, I. Soares, C. R. Ses
sions, J. S. Schoenfeld. D. D. Butler,
C L. Henning, A. A. Cohn, Charles
Landys, R. L. Phelps. O. Hirshfeld,
S. Murray. G. B. Coblentz, J, J. Ep
pinger, William A. Powell, E. R.
Childs, F. L. Burkhalter, J. W. S. But
ler, C. E, Reith, W. R. White, C. W.
HIGHBINDERS
WON'T STOP
SHOOTING
Murder of Another
Chinese.
Despite the efforts of the police, the
Chinese Consul and the Six Companies
to stop the wholesale murder in China
town, the outcome of the long-standing
feud between the Suey Ying and Suey
Sing tongs, Wong Ah Jung was shot
down in the street last night in front of
the lodging house at 836 Clay street.
While the murdered man did not, at the
time of his death, belong to any high
binder tong, he had formerly been a
member of the Suey Yirgs, from which
organization he withdrew five years
ago, and bis assassination ia credited
Wright, R. F. Beamer, George Bart
lett, A. B. Rhuart, R. L. Oliver, G. S.
Dexter. E. Hewlett, R. J. Brower, A.
P. Gregory, M. D. S-pencer, William
B. Bakewell. George H. Powers, L.
O'Toole, M. H. Schwartz. R. W. My
ers, H. T. Moore, C. L. Bigelow, L. E.
Hill, H. M. Hall, R. S. Browne, S. Ep
stein, M. W. Nathan, M. W. Dinkel
spiel, J. N. Chain, W. Hackley, C. M.
Warner, A. C. Babson, George R. Al
exander. W. H. Frickstad, F. G. Dore
ty, Duncan McDuffie. Clinton Miller,
R. S. Pierce. S. C. Walker, E. A. Dick
son, J. W. Flannagan, H. C. Morison,
A. J. Armstrong, W. E. Premo, E. H.
Tracy, E. W. Roland, C L. Carlson,
E. W. Lehner, H. S. Bonifield. W. S.
Nelson. J. E. Flaa, E. W. Hecht, E.
H. Rubottom, Charles E. Fryer, W. B.
R. Dunlap, J. M. Kendall, E. B. Har
ley.
to the Suey Sing Tong, whose members
believed him to be a Suey Ting. This
murder leaves the score standing at
four to nothing in favor of the Suey
Sings, but from the excited actions of
the Celestials the game seems only fair
ly started.
At 6:15 o'clock last evening Wong Ah
Jung was walking up Clay street, be
tween Spofford alley and Stockton
street. When he reached a point di
rectly in front of 836 Clay street two
shots rang out and Jung fell into the
street, shot in the forehead directly
above the left eye. He died a few mo
ments afterward. Two Chinamen were
seen to run up the steps of the lodging
house and disappear in the darkness of
the hallway. Officers Burke and Tracey
heard the shots and immediately made
a search of the house. In an ash barrel
standing in the hallway they found a
45-caliber Colt's revolver containing two
discharged and four loaded cartridges.
A Chinaman giving the name of Ah
Pon was turned over to the police as
the murderer by Ed McGreeney. a
printer, residing at 1734 Greenwich
street. McGreeney was standing at the
corner of Clay and Stockton streets
when the shooting occurred. He saw
the murdered man fall, and saw the
man who did the shooting. According
to his story there were two Chinamen
standing together when the shots were
flred and these ran into the lodsrinsr
house. Later the Chinaman who Mc-
Greeney thinks fired the shots camej
ASVE&TISEOLZiVIS. ...,.,.■-■ l
C
LINEN DEPARTMENT!
This week we will offer extraordinary values ■•
in TABLE DAMASKS, TABLE NAPKINS, TABLE
CLOTHS and TOWELS, and ask special attention
to the following lines, all of which are from the
test manufacturers.
62-Inch GERMAN WASHED TABLE DAMASK, good variety of
designs. -75 C Yard ,-
BLEACHED GERMAN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, 2 yards wide
- and 3 yards 10ng...... &2.50 Each
BLEACHED SATIN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, 2 yards wide
and 3 yards long, beautiful patterns >$4.50 Each
DAMASK DINNER NAPKINS, 22* inches square, new designs
.......* &2.00 Dozen
BLEACHED SATIN DAMASK NAPKINS, 25 inches square, 8
different designs 52.50 Dozen '
GERMAN SATIN DAMASK NAPKINS, extra heavy, 26 Inches
square, 15 handsome designs. . ..$3.00 Dozen
FULL-SIZE LINEN HUCK TOWELS, both hemmed and fringed
$2.00 Dozen
EXTRA SIZE LINEN HUCK TOWELS, hemmed, Irish manu-
facture &3.00 Dozen
25 LINEN DAMASK TABLE SETS, cloth 84x124, napkins
34x3-4 &6.00 Set
111. 113. 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
out on Clay street from a house two,
doors above the one at 836. The Chi
naman jumped on a Clay-street car
and McGreeney followed him. At the
corner of Sacramento and Polk streets.
McGreeney called a policeman, who 1
was standing near the car track, and j
the Chinaman was placed under arrest, \
Wong Lock, a brother of the mur- i
dered man, visited the Morgue and
Identified the body. He says his
brother was a cook for a family resid
ing at the corner of Geary and Polk,
streets and was formerly employed j
In a saloon connected with the pool
rooms in Sausalito. ,_j» *«.
Lock claUns that his brother left the
Suey Ting Tong five years ago when
the first trouble occurred between it
and the Suey Sings, and that he never
Joined another tong.
Wing and Wong Lock both belie\e
that Jung was murdered by the Sings, j
who did not know of his having sev
ered his connection with Ine^ings.
While the proclamation of the Chi
nese Consul issued several days ago
forbade an- murder among the tongs
on pain of punishment it more ex
pressly forbade murder in the theaters.
Detective Ed Gibson yesterday swore
out a warrant for the arrest of Ng Ah [
Poy the supposed murderer of Chung
Yet 'Den and every effort will be made I
to find him. The Chinese Consul and
the Six Companies have offered a re
ward of $300 for the capture of Den's)
murderer, and while they mentioned
no name, it is generally believed that
they think Ng Ah Poy the man. De
tective Gibson claims he has four wit- \
nesses to the shooting, reputable mer- i
chants nnt connected with either of the j
warring tongs, who will swear that Ng j
Ah Poy did the shooting.
Buy wallpaper & window shades at Clark't,
653 Market. Country- order- elicited. ■
TO MAKE THE* POOR HAPPY. !
All the former pupils of the Youths'
Directory are Invited to attend a turkey
dinner Thanksgiving: day at the old home
on Howard street. They will be address
ed on the occasion by Rev. Father Crow
ley, who will briefly outline to them the
meaning of the observance of the day.
Immediately after the dinner the boys
will write to former associates now in the
Philippine Islands. Many of those who
were here last year to enjoy the hospital
SOCIETY AND
THE DOLL SHOW
o * »
£ ->riETY Is all agog over the approaching model doll show, which $
g Q wll bo h din Sap'e Hall. Palace Hotel, on December 1. 2 and 3 g
® *^ The smart set will be well represented both in the management »
« O™* nn S e TiLr as well as in the attendance Already the leading g
v* IZtesand milliners are busily engaged in dressing dolls and in «
5 fm^Srate designs in gowns for children of larger growth who will «
8 r^^rflllancyTa go% function. The latest styles in the dress- «
£ lend brilliancy to a gor« : d , th on the doUs and on the feminine £
« maker's art will be « £mp^fj ainty presence. to and assist in making 0
« contingent who ill '* nd ™ c BUCCeBB of the first magnitude. A fashion- 0
% aWe B cru° S n h is anUclpated and society ladies and matrons will assist at the g
8 8 ' dolls Miss Jennie Maxwell Blair, the manager of the Doc- §
« tors' Daughters, under whose auspices the show is to be given, announces »
8 that there will be other attractions of a musical nature, a mandolin or- «
« hpt™ beine a special feature. The buds of the season will assist in the <*
S serving of refreshments and the sale of the dolls Twelve prizes have been g
» contributed by as many ladies, and there is considerable friendly rivalry «
8 among the milliners who are anxious to carry them off. The ladies who «
« have donated prizes are Mesdames George Crocker. Robert McCreary, J. D. $
« Snreckels 4 G Invin, William Kohl. C. W. Crocker. Henry Payot, F. »
« ? Sullivan Henry J. Crocker. J. S. Tobin. Eleanor Martin and Clarence £
« Mann Any one wishing to donate a dressed doll is asked to communicate $
g with Mrs J. Stow Ballard. 610 Hyde street. . g
« The show will afford a fine oppor tunlty for buying Christmas presents 0
X for the children, and dolls will be disposed of for from 10 cents up to $50. £<
» The officers of the Doctors' Daughters, who are all actively engaged Q
*2 In making the affair a success, are: Miss McEwen, president; Mrs. C. R. £
2 Wlnßlow, first vice-president; Miss Alice Owen, second vice-president; Mrs. »
X w. D. Fennimore, recording secretary; Mrs. A. S. Tubbs, treasurer; Mrs b
# Lewis Long, corresponding secretary. j*|
lty of the home are now serving under
the stars and stripes with Admiral Dewey
In Manila Bay. The dinner, which Is to
be given In the morning, will be followed
by a game of baseball in the afternoon.
This evening at St. Luke's Episcopal
Church a festival service will be held, the
feature of which will be the receiving of
donations of food for distribution among
the poor on Thanksgiving day. Bishop
Nichols will attend and will deliver an
appropriate address. To-morrow morn
ing there will be a religious service at 8
and a choral service at 11 o'clock, at
which the rector, Rev. W. H. Moreland,
will preach.
At the Bush-street Temple to-morrow
morning Thanksgiving service will be
held at 11 o'clock. An Interesting addresa
will be delivered by Rabbi Myers.
Extensive preparations are being made
by the Mothers' Club of the Young Men's
Christian Association to entertain young
men away from home on Thanksgiving
day. The guests of the institution will
gather in the parlors of the building at
4:30 o'clock. Dinner will be served at 5
o'clock, and will be presided over by Mrs.
B. C. Wright. Grace will be said by Rev.
Dr. Hemphill. Tables will be reserved for
representatives of the the Young« Men's
Christian Association of Stanford Univer
sity and the State University. It is ex
pected about four hundred young men will
be entertained. In the evening there will
be a home gathering at the building.
MR. LAND OBJECTED
X TO THE PROCEEDINGS
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 22.— There was a
largely attended meeting of citizens at the
Golden Eagle Hotel to-night to take the
first steps for the inaugural ball to be
•■ given In honor of Governor-elect Gage.
| Robert T. Devlin was elected chairman.
I and C. K. Lipman secretary.
Mr. Devlin said it was the intention to
hold a ball in honor of Governor Gage's
inauguration which would eclipse any
thing in that line ever held at the Stata
Capital. Turning to Mayor Land, Mr.
i Devlin said that no doubt the city govern
i ment would be called on to help swell the
i funds to be raised for the ball. To the
! astonishment of the assemb ed citizens
Mayor Land responded by saying that the
' nrooeedine-s of the committee were irregu
i Lrstnce as Mayor of the city he should
have been chosen chairman of the meet
! '"chairman Devlin was authorized to ap
' point an executive committee of twenty
four, to be named In a few days, and the
necessary money will be easily raised
I among citizens.