VOLUME LXXXIIf.— NO. 182.
CERVERA`S FLEET PENNED
IN SANTIAGO HARBOR
COMMODORE
SCHLEY HAS
SO REPORTED
There Is No Escape for the
Dons from the Ships
* on Guard.
Obpyrtgrhted, 189 S. by James Gordon Bennett.
MOLE ST. NICHOLAS,
Hayti, May 29. — i can state
positively that Commodore
Schley has a part, if not
all, of the Spanish fleet
bottled up in Santiago har
bor. This had been sus
pected for several days,
but it was not defi
definitely known until this
morning, when Captain
Sigsbee of the St. Paul,
who has been cruising off
the harbor for the past
week, steamed close enough
todistinctly see two cruisers
of the Vizcaya class and
two torpedo-boats lying
just inside the mouth of
the harbor. It is believed
that the rest of Cervera's
squadron is also there.
The St. Paul has been watching
Santiago for eight days. Sigsbee
thinks that two Spanish torpedo
boats ventured out of the harbor
Saturday night to attack the St.
Paul, but, anticipating such a
move, he changed his position
every night in order that they
could not locate him. To-day
Commodore Schley took up a posi
tion with his entire squadron to
prevent the escape of Cervera.
He hopes the dons will come out
and fight. The opposing fleets are
about of equal strength.
The Herald-Call tug passed
Sampson's fleet of eighteen ves
sels fifteen miles east of Cardenas
Friday at 3 o'clock in the after
noon, headed west. It is probable
that Admiral Cervera will remain
Jnside and postpone an engagement
indefinitely, but the blockade will
be effectively maintained.
NEW YORK, May 29.— The
Herald's Washington correspon
dent says: Spain's fleet is
definitely located and securely
locked inside the Santiago harbor.
This is now an official fact. In ad
dition to the Herald's cable from
Mole St. Nicholas, Hayti, giving
this gratifying information, I am
authorized by the Navy Depart
ment to state that Commodore
Schley has reported to the Secre
tary of the Navy stating definitely
that he has personally observed
Cervera's fleet in the harbor.
Commodore Schley's message to
the department is brief. The
text has not been given out for
publication, but Lieutenant Whit
tlesy, the officer on duty at the
Navy Department, acting under
previous instructions from Secre-
SPANIARDS
CELEBRATE
"VICTORIES."
SAN JOSE, Costa Rica, May \
28.— Spanish citizens in Costa i
Rira are celebrating with joy to- j
day news of the bombardment of j
Boston, Galveston, Mobile and ;
Pensacola by the Spanish fleet, i
Their satisfaction is increased i
by the news of the total destruc- ]
tion of the American vessels in \
rr ÜbanU ban waters by the Spanish '
navy. I
The San Francisco Call
tary Long, authorized the state
ment that Commodore Schley had
reported as above.
U. S. REGULARS ON THE WAY TO CAMP RICHMOND.
The information was cabled
from Mole St. Nicholas, Hayti,
and was taken there direct from
Santiago by the scouting vessel
St. Paul.
Cable messages were sent to
Admiral Sampson at Key West
to-night advising him of the grati
fying intelligence conveyed by
Commodore Schley's message.
This was done in order to prepare
him for the important work which
will now devolve upon his squad
ron in co-operation with the army
in laying siege to Havana. Com
plete and definite arrangements
will be decided upon by the Presi
dent after consultation with the
war board and members of his
cabinet to-morrow morning.
Admiral Sampson is holding a
large fleet off Havana ready to
clear a landing for the troops as
soon as the War Department gives
the signal. All the transports
necessary for the movement of the
largest force that may be sent are
now at Gulf ports, and the Gov
ernment is paying $25,000 a day
for their services until their work
is finished. They will be used at
the earliest possible opportunity,
which it is believed will be as soon
as Schley solves the mystery of
Santiago harbor.
SAW AND RECOGNIZED
THE SPANISH FLEET
Commodore Schley Reports That He
Has Admiral Cervera Safely
Bottled Up.
WASHINGTON, May 30.— At 12:30
o'clock this (Monday) morning the
Navy Department received a dis
patch from Commodore Schley an
nouncing definitely that he had located
Admiral Cervera's Cape Verde s<juad
ron In the bay of Santlgo de Cuba. The
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, MAY 30, 1898.
TWENTY THOUSAND TROOPS
FOR THE PHILIPPINES
Call Office, Riggs House. Washington, May 29.
The President to-day took highly significant action in increasing the number of troops to be sent to the
Philippines from 12,000 to" 20,000. Urgent orders were issued to the commissary department to provide 1 .iforms,
tents, rations and equipment, and the ordnance bureau to supply arms and ammunition. In both cases the offi
cials were directed to place the prompt equipment of the additional troops for the Philippines expedition before
all other considerations, and to sacrifice all other interest?, that might interfere with the early departure of Admiral
Dewey's re-enforcements.
The 8000 additional troops will be embarked at the earliest moment, but it does not follow that the volun
teers now being mobilized on the Pacific Coast wii,l be sent to Manila. The War Department has developed a
theory regarding the special characteristics of men desirable for service in the Philippines, and while details are not
given to the public, it is stated that great care will be taken in the selection of this new contingent and that it will
be drawn from various p?rts of the country.
The distance from the port of embarkation will not be an important consideration, for the reason that
troops can be sent from^any State to San Francisco before their equipment can be made reaJV. The mainspring
of the President's action in enlarging the expedition to the Philippines is believed to be his desire first that the
foothold of the United States in the islands shall be absolutely secure, especially in the event of an cirly peace,
and. second, that good order shall be maintained there throughout the occupancy of the islands by the American
forces. The President dreads the possible results of a" insurgent victory over the Spanish troops, which might
be followed by bruta! excesses that Admiral Dewey with his present force would be powerless to prevent. The eyes
of the world are now upon us, the President realizes, and our responsibility for the proper conduct o- affairs in
the Philippines, where we have practically disarmed the Spanish authorities, is a ll£a#y one. It must be discharged
in such a way that no European nation can find an excuse for interfering.
I commodore states that he has seen and
! recognized the vessels of the Spanish
; fleet.
"While the navy officials have been
' morally certain for several days that
j Cervera's squadron was In the harbor
j of Santiago, the official announcement
I from Commodore Schley was received
by the officers on duty at the depart
ment with intense satisfaction. Assur
ance is now doubly sure that the Span
ish fleet is bottled up and that the cork
is in the bottle.
It is not believed that Admiral Cer
vera will attempt to escape from the
predicament in which he now finds
himself, as such a course would surely
result in the destruction of his vessels
and the loss of many lives precious to
Spain. The suggestion is made, how
ever, that the Spaniards may blow up
the ships rather than have them fall
into the hands of Schley, as they cer
tainly will if they remain in the harbor.
The definiteness of Commodore
Schley's dispatch would indicate that
he has effected a landing near San
tiago and made a personal investigation
of the harbor. It would be impossible
from the entrance to the bay definitely
to see and recognize the Spanish ves
sels, but by effecting a landing at some
point on either side of the entrance a
vantage point could be gained very
likely from which the entire harbor
could be examined. In all probability
Commodore Schley or one of his trust
ed officials has succeeded in performing
this hazardous undertaking in order to
obtain the valuable information con
tained in his dispatch.
It is impossible owing to the lateness
of the hour, to obtain any official ex
pression upon the news from Commo
dore Schley. What effect the certainty
that Cervera is practically helpless will
have upon the plans of the naval sta
tion with referr c to the invasion of
Cuba can only be conjectured. The
transportation of land forces to the
island, it Is understood was delayed be
cause of the uncertainty concerning
the location of the Spanish squadron.
If that understanding in correct the
probability of an early Invasion of
Cuba is strong. It is not unlikely that
the movement of troops, which has
been delayed from time to time, will be
gin this' week, and that before the end
of the week the United States forces
will have obtained a substantial foot
hold upon Cuban soil.
WILL SINK HULKS IN
THE CHANNEL
Plans for Penning Admiral Cervera's
Fleet in Santiago
Harbor.
NEW YORK. May 29.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: "I have no reason to change
my belief that Admiral Cervera is still
in the harbor of Santiago de Cuba. I
have heard from Commodore Schley.
All that I can say is that he is off the
harbor of Panting. "
These statements were . made to me
to-night by Secretary Long, and it "g
the first announcement as to the o--ra
ting fleets recently made by him. The
Secretary's advices from Schley were
rc-eived yesterday, as stated in the
I~erald this morninp. ' vlng been
transmitted from Kingston, Jamaica,
where they w«r« fll«d by C!u.nt.a.!n CL R.
Cotton, commanding the auxiliary
cruiser Harvard. Commodore Schley
did not communicate with the depart
ment to-day, but it is understood to
night that he will inform Washington
whether or not he has satisfied himself
that Cervera is in the harbor and what
steps he has taken to prevent his de
parture.
The fact that the Secretary and his
official advisers stick so pertinaciously
to the belief that Admiral Cervera has
remained at Santiago de Cuba illus
trates the confidence th-^y have in their
source of information. Their - mfi
dence may also be due to messages re
ceived from Consuls stationed along
the Isthmian coast and among the
West Indies, some of which reached
the department to-day, that the Span
ish fleet had not been sighted in the
neighborhood of thtir ports. While
this information Is perhaps negative in
character, the officials say that it indi
cates that Admiral Cervera has not
been cruising in the Caribbean Sea for
a week at least; otherwise the Consuls
or scouts would most certainly have
picked him up and have reported con
firmation to the department. It is
known that the Spanish fleet put into
Santiago ten days ago to make repairs
and take on board coal, of which they
stood in great need, according to reli
able information furnished by Consul
Smith, stationed at Curacoa, and state
ments made by Captain R. B. Osbon in
an interview published by the Herald
this morning.
The department has been advised
that the reason why he failed to sail
at an earlier date was that he sighted
ships in the offing which he took to be
American armorclads, hut which were
in reality scouting ships. Commodore
Schley arrived off the coast of Santiago
on Wednesday, he having remained at
Cienfuegos until Tuesday night.
It developed to-day that the cause of
Commodore Schley's failure to earlier
sail for Santiago was his confidence
that the Spanish fleet was lying at an
chor in the harbor of Cienfuegos. In
fact, in an official dispatch to the de
Centinuwd on Second Page.
FAR EAST
AS A SCENE
OF STRIFE
Russia Competing With
Great Britain for Amer-
ica's Friendship.
NEW YORK, May 29.— Trie
Herald's Washington correspon
dent telegraphs: Fearing an ef
fort on the part of Spain to pre
cipitate foreign complications by
ceding to France or some other
power the Philippine Islands,
American representatives abroad
are under instructions to closely
watch negotiations of Spanish
diplomats. While the authorities
profess to have no knowledge of
the reported protest of Germany
to the cession of the Philippines
to France, it is known that Em
bassador White at Berlin, and
Embassador Porter in Paris have .
been carefully investigating the
entire subject, and they are con
vinced that in view of the atti
tude of Europe a transfer will
not be effected.
It if? conceded in all quarters here
that it would be a sharp diplomatic trick
for the Madrid Government to attain
the support of another power in return
for such cession.
It was pointed out to-day that Spain
is still proprietor of the Philippines, for
Rear Admiral Dewey. representing the
American Government only has con
trol of Cavite and Manila Bay. and in
ternational law declares that In a con
quest of country, sovereignty only ex
tends as far as the conquest extends,
and conquest gives the Invading enemy
dominion as long as he retains his mil
itary possession. Furthermore, the
holding of conquered territory, is re
garded in the eyes of international law
as merely military occupation until its
fate shall be determined by treaty of
peace.
The effect of a transfer of the
Philippine Islands to France would
make that Government an ally of
Spain, and is what tha latter desires.
Bussia would prefer that France get
the islands rather than the United
States for the reason that the policy
of this Government would throw
American and British interests in the
same channel, undoubtedly resulting
in an alliance of the two govern
ments in such interests.
Jealous of American trade, Germany
would prefer; as dispatches .his morn
ing indicate, that the Philippines be
governed by several powers of Europe,
and that they never pass under the
sovereignty of the United States or
Frarkce. It is no secret now that Pres
ident? McKinley desired to escape from
these prospective complications. Had
he been guided solely by his own
wishes, I understand, that he would
have instructed Rear Admiral Dewey
to withdraw from the ; Philippines
as soon as he had destroyed the Span
ish men-of-war. The sentiment of the
country, however, required the con
quest of the islands, and the pressure
was so strong that the President was
unable to resist it.
Now. ; that troops have' been ordered
to the : far East and that ; Rear Admiral
Dewey ? has ' retained '•, possession ; of ; Ca
vlt« and Manila. Hay. tVi<» Pn»M«n».w««
PRICE JfrV r E CE2TFS.
come to the conclusion that the United
States will be required to take and to
hold the Philippines at least until a
treaty of peace' is signed. That is as
far as he cares to go in outlining his
policy at this time. And in following
such a policy, he appreciates that it is
necessary to oppose any foreign inter
vention looking to the wresting of the
islands- away from American domin
ion. It can be regarded as absolutely
certain that this Government would
earnestly protest against any Govern
ment of Europe entering into negotia
tions with Spain for the transfer of the
Philippines. In this protest tne Ameri
can administration believes that it
would be joined by Great Britain.
That Russia and Great Britain
both believe the far east will be the
scene of a great naval struggle in the
near future naval officers believe
from preparations both are makirg
to put their forces in the Pacific in
the best possible condition.
If the Cramps establish a ship build
ing yard at Port Arthur, as they con
template doing, it is appreciated that it
will he under Russian control nnd will
give the Czar's Government a construc
tion and repair station of great im
portance in the event of war.
Great Britain has been buying up all
the steamer coal available in the west,
and been storing it at Esquimalt, and
now the latest report is that Russia
contemplates placing contracts for
ships with the Union Iron Works. Offi
cials ascribe the placing of contracts
with this firm and with the Cramps to
the desire of Russia to show her friend
ly feelings for this Government and its
citizens and to prevent by such a dis
play the development of the warm
relations existing between the United
States and Great Britain. One of sev
eral of Russia's immediate objects in
this move is to necessitate, if possible,
the consideration of her position in re
lation to the United States in case an
alliance is proposed.
THE TERROR`S ENGINES
SLIGHTLY DISABLED
The Spanish Transport Alfonso XIH
Has ciailcd From. San Juan '
Heavily Provisioned.
Copyrighted, IS9S. by James Gordon BennPtt.
ST. THOMAS, D. W. 1., May 29.— The
Spanish torpedo boat destroyer Terror
is in the harbor of San Juan de Porto
Rico. She is somewhat hampered by
her engines being slightly disabled.
Such occurrences are frequent in ihe
Spanish navy since the discharge of
the English and Scotch engineers
The Spanish transport Alfonso XIII
left San Juan Saturady heavily pro
visioned, ostensibly for M*»yaguez, <>n
the west coast of Porto Rico.
Shells from the American guns are
now being sold as curios in San Ju-ir..
At least iftve hundred of them were
picked up, a large proportion of them
bping unexploded.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•*' flj*kH \ I^ove is th«
81 r — ~~r v£Sj I natural heritage
If RjHT*jp * of man an at
£§i fAiX-*, '.'ffiil I tractive young
ill \J*^i:\ '^ p'• woman, now
s it .'^s doomed to love-
j| IV. v h less spinster-
1 \ '^^ A 3t^ U hood by ill-
IKg 'V'-^KJ^r " health. No wo
g : c'Lj^-V man should en-
H|^r ~~" ter upon the du-
r*r ties of ehood ,
who is not fitted by good health foi
that position and for the responsibili-
ties ot motherhood. If a woman ; suffen
from weakness and disease of the organs ...
that make wifehood and motherhood pos-
sible, she should remedy these condition]
before assuming the responsibilities of 8
wife. Otherwise, she stands little : chance :
of proving a happy and capable wife, and ;
motherhood will always menace her with
the terrors of death.
J. A sure and quick cure for all weak- -
ness and disease that unfits a woman foi
matrimony and maternity is found in Dr. .
Pierces Favorite Prescription. 'It acts -
directly and only on the organs involved.
It makes them strong and healthy. It
cures all weakness and disease. It pre- .
pares for wifehood and motherhood. :
Taken during the expectant v period ii
makes baby's coming easy and compara-
tively painless. It insures the health ol
the child. Thousands'- of ; women have
testified to its' merits. Druggists sell it .
. ."I have found great relief since taking- youi
'Favorite : Prescription.'." ■ writes Mrs. Henrj
Barlow, ;of Lonsdale. Providence Co.. R. I. "]
was all broken down from nervous prostration
Since taking your medicine I have had more re-
lief than from all the doctors' medicines— whicl
> cost me more than I could afford."
* It is hard work to work when poisoned
i from neglected constipation. Dr. Fierce'i
Pleasant Pellet* /-— . mastication.2
IMAGINARY
FIGHT EXCITES
THE DONS
Madrid Celebrating a Great
"Victory Over Samp
son and Schley.
Press Gives Extensive Details of
a Battle in Which Cervera
Crushed His Foes.
MADRID, May 29.— El Progresso pub
lishes dispatches purporting to come
from Paris giving details of an alleged
battle near Jamaica in which, it is said,
two American warships were destroyed
and one Spanish warship was injured.
Although the account is very circum
stantial as to time, place, incidents and
results, it is received here with sus
picion.
The story is that Commodore Schley's
squadron parted from Rear Admiral
Sampson's off Cape Maysi, the eastern
point of Cuba, and steered toward the
Yucatan peninsula, followed closely by
Sampson's ships. Both were sighted
from the watch towers of Santiago de
Cuba. Rear Admiral Sampson arrived
off the Province of Puerto Principe,
continuing thence in the direction of
Jamaica.
Admiral Cervera left Santiago on
Thursday, May 26, at midnight, all his
lights being extinguished, with the Viz
caya and the Almirante Oquendo pre
ceded by the torpedo boat destroyer
Furor. He took a position in proximity
to Jamaica. Two hours later the re
mainder of Admiral Cervera's squadron
withdrew from the harbor of Santiago
and proceeded in a southerly direction.
On the morning of Friday the Furor
came up rapidly to the Vizcaya and the
Almirante Oquendo, advising Admiral
Cervera of the approach of the enemy.
Rear Admiral Sampson's ships steamed
with full speed toward the Spanish ves
sels, which accepted combat, but moved
in a southerly direction, to ' effect a
junction with the remainder of the
Spanish squadron.
Presently the battle raged furiously
on both sides. The Americans detached
CERVERA'S FLEET PENNED
IN SANTIAGO HARBOR
Contiued From First Page.
partment, he stated In a most positive
manner that he believed that the Span
ish fleet was at that point, and that
he Intended to destroy or capture it.
Communication with the insurgents de
veloped the information that he was
mistaken, and as soon as he satisfied
himself of its correctness he coaled and
sailed for Santiago. In his dispatch
to the department yesterday he did not
commit himself to the bald statement
that Admiral Cervera had not gone.
Perhaps he did not care to again put
himself in a false position, but the offi
cials with whom I have talked assume
that he is basing his future action on
♦he assumption that the Spanish fleet
is in the harbor. The officials profess
to be still ignorant of Commodore
Sohley's plan of ascertaining whether
Admiral Cervera is really in the har
bor, and of bottling him up if he is
there, but among members of the
Naval War Board much favor is ex
pressed for the proposition of sending
old hulks to Santiago de Cuba; of sink
ing them in the channel so as to pre
vent the egress of the Spanish fleet,
of mining the harbor near these hulks
so as to insure the imprisonment of the |
Spaniards and finally to leave one or I
two vessels on guard to fire upon any
expedition that may attempt to remove
the obstructions from the channel. No j
doubt exists that Commodore Schley's I
opinion on this plan has been asked, j
and if it should meet with his approval |
Instructions will be sent to Commodore j
Remey at Key West to load several old
vessels with stone or old scrap iron
and send them to Santiago de Cuba.
The reported departure of the troop
ship Alfonso XIII from San Juan, Por
to Rico, for Mayaguez, Porto Rico, is j
regarded with suspicion by navy offl- j
cials, it being their belief that Havana
is the real destination of the vessel.
Mayaguez is situated in the western
part of the island, facing what is gen- j
erally known as Mona Channel, and is i
but a short distance from San Juan, j
which is situated on the northeastern !
coast. The Alfonso XIII is an auxil- j
iary cruiser armed with 5-inch Honoria j
breech-loading rifles. When she left
Spain six weeks ago she had on board
half a million dollars in gold, a cargo
of supplies and 800 soldiers, destined !
for Havana, but so strict was the I
blockade maintained by the American ■
ships that she was unable to get
through and she put back to the Bar
badoes, subsequently proceeding to j
San Juan. It is supposed that she left j
the soldiers and gold at San Juan and j
will now attempt to get through the
blockade with provisions for Captain
General Blanco. The authorities have
ordered Rear Admiral Sampson to keep
a sharp lookout for the Alfonso XIII,
and she will be captured, it is confi
dently predicted, if she goes near the
blockaded section of Cuba.
ADVEHTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Soap for toilet, nurs-
ery, bath and shaving.
4 ' M atchless for the
complexion.'*
\
three cruisers and three smaller ships
to surround the Vizcaya and the Almi
rante Oquendo. The Furor, between
the crossfire of the enemy, made for the
American flagship, notwithstanding
the fire of the heavy guns. The out
come of the contest was that two
American warships were sunk and one
Spanish warship disabled in its steer
ing gear. The remaining vessels of the
American squadron were so much dam
aged that they were compelled to take
refuge in Haytien waters.
It is reported that the Cristobal Co
lon captured an American ship, which
had been disabled from a shot by the
Vizcaya, that perforated her side.
The Vizcaya risked destruction from
an American destroyer. It is believed
that after the combat the Spaniards
sailed for Havana, or, if the conditions
of the vessels or the presence of a su
perior force of the enemy required, took
refuge within Cardenas or Matanzas.
The publication of this dispatch from
Paris caused an excited discussion of
the conflicting reports from various
sources which completely absorbed all
sections of the press and all circles of
the public in Madrid. Speaking to-day
of yesterday's rumors of the defeat of
the Americans and the death of Rear
Admiral Sampson, Captain Aunon, the
Minister of Marine, without crediting
it in the absence of official confirma
tion, remarked that it was within the
limits of possibility. It is hoped that j
the result of to-day's Cabinet council
will disclose information confirming or
denying the report.
WASHINGTON, May 29.— The dis
patch from Madrid giving an account
r>f a naval battle between the combined '
squadrons of Sampson and Schley and
that of Cervera is absolutely discredit
ed by naval officials. Their advices j
show that it is not possible that a fight |
?ould have occurred.
AWAITS WORD
FROM SCHLEY
War Department Plans
As to Cuba.
PREPARING FOR INVASION
AEMY RAPIDLY BEING GOT IN
READINESS.
Will Move as Soon as It Is Definitely
Known That Cervera Is Cooped
Up in Santiago
Harbor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 29.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Much work has yet to be done before
American troops can be landed in Cuba.
The authorities are, however, doing all
in their power to have the entire in
vading army ready to move to the
point of embarkation as soon as Com
modore Schley definitely reports that
he has Cervera's fleet cooped up at
Santiago. Secretary Alger positively
stated to me that no troops would leave
the United States for Cuba until such
report had been received.
The Government has now chartered
all boats for the purpose that will be
necessary- Assistant Secretary Meikle
john ho assured me yesterday. The
process of transporting the army from
its present position to Cuba will occupy
•at least three days.
Admiral Sampson will command the
convoys that will accompany the
troops on their trip from Key West to
Cuba. This fleet of convoys will consist
of many of the most powerful ships
now doing blockade duty off Havana.
Some little fear is felt by the Gov
ernment that the troops will be attack
ed by Spanish soldiers while they are
landing in Cuba. The big guns on the
vessels of Admiral Sampson's fleet are
relied upon to afford protection and
every precaution will be taken before
any men are landed from the ships.
Sf-nor Quesado of the Cuban Junta
Informs me that the United States has
made arrangements with General Go
mez for an immediate junction with the
insurgents on the arrival of United
States troops in Cuba. Members of the
Junta claim also that the insurgent
force under General Gomez is 25,000
strong. They admit, however, that this
army is greatly lacking in arms and
ammunition. I am informed that it is
the purpose of the United States to
provide the Cubans with such ammuni
tion and arms as they actually need.
A SPANISH STEAMER
HAS A CLOSE CALL
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, May 29.— The
Spanish steamer Purissano Concepcion
arrived in Kingston from Montegro
Bay. Had the United States auxiliary
cruiser Harvard been called in time
she would have endeavored to capture
her.
L. M. Preval, formerly L>eputy United
States Consul at Santiago de Cuba, and
now clerk at the United States Con
sulate, has returned from a trip on the
Dandy to the fleet off Santiago. He
carried official dispatches and was ac
companied by Alberto Nunez, an expe
rienced Cuban pilot, v.-ho gave Commo
dore Schley much valuable informu
tlon concerning the harbor of Santiago
de Cuba and its approaches.
Preval and Nunez are aboard the
Harvard now, but for what object I
was unable to ascertain.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, MAY 30, 1898.
MARTIAL LAW
IS EXPLAINED
Instructions as to Con-
duct in the Field
ISSUED TO THE COMMANDERS.
A VERY CLEAB EXPOSITION OF
MILITARY USAGE.
Every Feature Covered in These
Bules, Which. Were Adopted by
France and Prussia
Years Ago.
Call Office, Rlg-grs House,
Washington, May 29.
General law No. 100, of April 4, 1863,
comprising' instructions for the govern
ment of marines in the field, has been
reissued and is being sent to the var
ious commanders far their guidance.
These instructions were adopted by
both France and Prussia in the war
between those countries five years af
ter the civil contest here, and were the
basis upon which a general European
conference afterward acted in drawing
up an agreement on this subject. The
instructions cover almost every con
ceivable feature of military conduct
and usage in time of war. They em
brace ten sections, as follows:
Section I— Martial law, military juris
diction, military necessity of retaliation.
Section 2— Public and private property
of the enemy, protection of persons and
especially of women, of religion, the arts
and sciences and punishment of crimes
against the inhabitants of hostile coun
tries.
Section 3— Deserters, prisoners of war,
hostages, booty on the battle-field.
Section 4 — Partisans, armed enemies not
belonging to the hostile army, scouts,
armed prowlers, war rebels.
Section s—Safe5 — Safe conduct, spies, war trait
ors, captured messengers, abuse of the
flag of truce.
Section 6 — Exchange of prisoners, flags
of truce, flags of protection.
Section 7— The parole.
Section B— Armistice, capitulation-
Section 9 — Assassination.
Section 10 — Insurrection, civil war, re
bellion.
Martial law is explained as simply
military authority exercised in accord
ance with the laws under usages of
war. It extends to property and to per
sons, whether subjects of the enemy or
aliens of that Government. Whenever
feasible martial law is carried out in
cases of individual offenders by mili
tary courts; but sentences of death
shall be executed only with the ap
proval of the chief executive, provided
the urgency of the case does not re
quire a speedier execution, and then
only with the approval of the chief
commander. Military necessity admits
oi all direct destruction of life or limb
of "armed" enemies and of other per
sons whose destruction is incidentally
"unavoidable" in the armed contests of
the war. Military necessity does not
admit of cruelty— that is, the infliction
of suffering for the sake of suffering
or for revenge, nor of maiming or
wounding except in fight, nor of tor
ture to extort confessions. It admits
of deception, but disclaims acts of per
fidy.
When a commander of a besieged
places expels the non-combatants in or
der to lessen the number of those who
consume his stock of provisions, it is
lawful, though an extreme measure, to
drive them back so as to hasten on
the surrender. Commanders, when-
ever admissible, inform the commander
of their intention to bombard a place,
but it is no infraction of the common
law of war to omit thus to inform
them. Surprise may be a necesssity.
Retaliation will never be resorted to aa
a measure of mere revenge, but only
as a means of protective retribution,
and moreover, cautiously and unavoid
ably.
A victorious army appropriates all
public money, seizes all public movable
property until further directed by its
Government and sequesters for its own
benefit or that of its Government all the
revenues of real property belonging to
the hostile government or nation. The
title to such property remains in abey
ance during military occupation and
until the conquest is made complete.
The United States acknowledges and
protects in hostile countries occupied by
them, religion and morality; strictly
private property; the persons of the in
habitants and especially those of
women and the sacredness of domestic
relations.
Deserters from the A/nerican army
having entered the service of the enemy
suffer death if they fall into the hands
of the United States. It is against the
usage of modern war to resolve in
hatred and revenge to give no quarter.
Outposts or sentinels or pickets are not
to be fired upon except to drive them
in, or when a positive order, special or
general order has been issued to that
effect. Whoever intentionally inflicts
additional wounds on an enemy already
wholly disabled, or kills him. or orders
that this shall be done, shall sufrer
death if convicted.
A LARGE NUMBER
OF NAVAL RETIREMENTS
Rear-Admiral W. A. Kirkland to Go
Out of Active Service in
July.
NEW YORK, May 29.— A Washing-
ton special to the Herald says: The
next six months will witness compara
tively a large number of retirements,
Rear Admiral W. A. Kirkland' com
mandant of Mare Island Navy Yard,
will retire on July 3. His retirement
will simply reduce the number of rear
admirals to that authorized by law.
Upon the retirement of Rear Admiral
C. S. Norton in August, Commodore P.
V. MeNair will be promoted, and Cap
tain W. T. Sampson will become com
modore.
Rear Admiral Montgomery Sicard,
chairman of the Naval Board, will
leave active service on September 30,
and Captain B. J. Cromwell be- pro
moted to flag rank upon the retirement
of Rear Admiral E. O. Matthews in Oc
tober. Rear Admiral J. N. Miller will
be relegated to retirement in November,
and Rear Admiral F. IL Bunce in De
cember. These retirements will pro
mote Captain H. F. Picking and Cap
tain Frederick Rodgers.
CUBAN WATERS TO BE
THOROUGHLY PATROLLED
A Hundred Men-of-War Will Soon
Be Employed for That
Purpose.
NEW YORK, May 29.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Re-en-
forcements for the American blockad
ing squadron will soon be sailing for
Cuba, and before another month passes
there should be at least ion American
men-of-war patroling Cuban waters.
Most formidable of vessels soon to
be sent south is the protected cruiser
Newark, commanded by Captain A. 'S.
Barber. The Newark will leave Norfolk
Navy Yard next week and be assigned
duty as Commodore Watson's flaarshln.
MEN FROM THE
TWO DAKOTAS
Eight Companies Volun
teers Arrive Tuesday.
ANOTHER REGIMENT LATER
NATIONAL RELIEF COMMITTEE'S
PLAN IS INDORSED.
The Health of the Camp at Chicka
mauga National Park Is Re
markably Good.
PORTLAND, Or., May 29.— Eight
companies of volunteer Infantry from
North Dakota arrived here to-day In
two special trains, one coming by the
Northern Pacific and the other by the
O. R. and N. and Great Northern. Both
sections were transferred to the South
ern Pacific, and they left for San Fran
cisco this afternoon. The troops were
well provided with lunch during their
stay here by the ladles of the Oregon
emergency corps.
SIOUX FALLS, S. D., May 29.— The
First Regiment of South Dakota volun
teers. Colonel Frost commanding, left
to-day for San Francisco.
CHICKAMAUGA NATIONAL PARK,
Ga., May 29.— Lieutenant Colonel Hart
suff, chief surgeon on General Brooke's
staff, announces that he cordially in
dorses the plan adopted by the national
relief committee of receiving and dis
bursing supplies to sick and needy
soldiers contributed by friends at home.
He states that he himself received a
number of communications from var
ious States inquiring as to how sup
plies of the character mentioned might
be sent to the soldiers in camp here.
He therefore asks the Associated Press
to say that the committee organized in
Chattanooga will take care of and dis
tribute all contributions of this char
acter promptly and satisfactorily.
The health of the camp is remarkably
good, and It is believed that, aside from
the usual slight complaints incident to
these seasons the worst of it Is over
now with the men who have made such
a radical change in temperaure, water
and diet. There were three deaths to
day, as follows:
Pierce Collier, aged 18, Company H,
Fourteenth Minnesota, of Beaver Falls,
from pneumonia, contracted in campp
before reaching Chickamauga.
Harry O. Burnham of Lynn, Mass.,
Company D, Eighth Massachusetts,
pneumonia.
Ludwig Bohnert of Springfield, 111.,
Company D, Fifth Illinois, blood pois-
Two troops of cowboys arrived to-day
In command of Captain J. S. Gregory
from Fargo, Dak. There were 160 men
and 200 horses. These troops complete
the regiment of 1000 officers and men.
It is understood that the two army
corps, the First and Third, now being
formed, will be the only troops to oc
cupy the park territory. Negotiations
are now proceeding to lease a tract of
3000 acres just north of the park near a
body of fresh water. The Sixth corps,
to be commanded by General Wilson,
will occupy this site. The ground Is
high and rolling, a most desirable point
for the encampment of such a large
body of men.
ASTORIA, May 29. — Twelve recruits
for Battery A. Fourth Artillery, sta-
I tioned at Fort Canby, arrived from San
! Francisco on the steamer Columbia this j
: morning. ____________
TORPEDO-BOAT TERROR
ARRIVES AT SAN JUAN.
Succeeds in Dodging the American
Warships Awaiting to Inter
cept It.
PORT AU PRINCE, Haytl, May 29.—
! The Spanish torpedo gunboat Terror,
i according to a dispatch received here,
i has arrived safely at San Juan de Por
i to Rico, having escaped the American
I warships which have been on the look-
I out for her since she left Fort de
j France, Island of Martinique, where
j her boiler tubes were repaired.
The foregoing- dispatch confirms cable
messages on the subject received from
Madrid last night, announcing the ar
rival of the Terror at San Juan de Por
to Rico.
ST. THOMAS, Danish West Indies,
May 29.— The report that the Spanish
! torpedo gunboat Terror has reached
| San Juan de Porto Rico is confirmed.
She arrived there from Fort de France,
Island of Martinique, on Friday morn
ing. Her boilers are still said to be out
of order.
The Spanish transport Alfonso XIII,
chartered by. the Spanish Government
and loaded at San Juan de Porto Rico
with provisions for Cuba, is now said
to be scouting in the vicinity •of the
Porto Rican coast, her crew having re
fused to try to run the Cuban block
ade. The Alfonso XIII is also said to
be carrying freight between the differ
ent ports of Porto Rico.
It is rumored here also that the ves
sels of Admiral Cervera's fleet are not
at Santiago de Cuba. Some of them
either did not go there or have left
those waters, according to report.
Incendiarism is growing in Porto
Rico. . ;
»
REGIMENTS MUST FILL
TO THE MAXIMUM.
No New Ones to Be Formed Until
Those Already Organized Have
Full Complements.
"WASHINGTON, May 29.— About
twenty Goven . of States and Ter
ritories have replied to Secretary Al
ger's telegrams asking for their views
regarding the filling of the present vol
unteer regiments to their maximum
before beginning the formation of new
organizations. Some of these indicate
a preference for the recruiting of en
tirely new regiments, as under the first
call, leaving the present organizations
with the number of men now contained
in them, though practically all promise
the Government any amount of troops
that are wanted. It is the President's
desire, however, that the organizations
already formed shall be filled to their
strength as the law provides, and this
policy will be carried out in recruiting
under the second call.
The apportionment to the States has
been made up but not yet given to the
public. Through urgent representa
tions to Secretary Alger some of the
States were permitted under the first
call to furnish a greater number of
troops than they were legally entitled
to on the basis of population. Conse
quently, in raising the 75,000 men under
the second call, these inequalities will
be remedied as far as practicable, with
the result that some of the States may
not be called on to furnish any of the
men needed. This course, probably, may
give rise to discontent in States where
men are to serve, but it Is regarded as
the only fair way to Droceed.
LEGISLATION
OF THE WEEK
The Hawaiian Question
May Come Up.
WILL HAVE RIGHT OF WAY.
GENERAL DEFICIENCY BILL
MAY BE REPORTED.
Tlie War Revenue Measure Will Oc
cupy a Great Deal of l.me, as
Several Speeches Are Yet
to Be Made.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 29.
The House will not be In session to
j morrow, having adjourned until Tues
day because of Memorial day. The con
sideration of the Hawaiian annexation
resolutions by the House this week is
I possible but not assured. Speaker Reed
stands ready to give the resolutions
full right of way in the House if they
! pass the Senate, but is opposed to
sending them first through the House
and forcing them upon the Senate, be
cause, he contends, it would precipitate
a fight there and would prolong indefi
nitely the session and end likely in the
whole matter going over to next win
ter. Especially is he opposed to forc
ing the Hawaiian issue to the front
until the revenue bill is through the
Senate. It is stated upon high author
ity that other Republican members of
the Committee on Rules are in accord
with the Speaker's position, notwith
standing they favor as he does the
non-annexing proposition. Considera
tion of the resolutions early in the
week is not to be expected and
consideration late in the week
Is improbable. There is still talk
of a Republican caucus to consid
er the question, and one may be held.
The general deficiency bill may be re
ported during the week, but owing to
the development of new demands upon
the War and Navy departments, not
ably the former, incident to the war,
the bill may be withheld until nearer
the close of the session. The bill so
far as it relates to ordinary deficien
cies has been ready six weeks. Confer
ence reports upon the sundry civil,
postoffice, Indian and District of Co
lumbia appropriation bills may be
expected at almost any date, although
the sundry civil bill is likely to be de
layed until after the revenue bill passes
the Senate owing to the demands
thereupon of the attention of Senator
Allison of the Finance Committee.
An effort to pass the anti-scalping
bill will be made during the week.
Bills of minor importance will be
pushed meantime by members gener
ally.
Having decided at the last moment
on Saturday to observe Memorial day,
the Senate will not be in session again
until Tuesday. The Finance Commit
tee will, however, meet in an endeavor
to perfect the revenue bill in minor de
tails.
There is still no certainty aa to when
the vote may be taken on the revenue
bill It looks as if the entire week
would be spent upon it, and none of the
members of the committee undertake
to predict the exact date of the Sen
ate's conclusion of its work. There are
still a number of speeches to be made
upon the bill, and upon amendments.
It is probable that there will be more
or less debate upon the Lodge amend
ment for the annexation of Hawaii,
and the Morgan amendment relating
generally to the government of the an
nexed territory. Both Senators Lodge
and Morgan announce their intenti<>:
to make speeches on the subjects in
volved, and Senators espousing the op
posite views declare their purpose to
reply if the subject is opened. Repub
licans generally predict that Senator
Lodge will refrain from pressing his
amendment, and it is the general opin
ion that he will at least not go to the
extent of asking a vote upon it and
thus subjecting the measure to a mo
tion to lay upon the table.
Whenever the final vote is reached
on the revenue bill there is no longer
much doubt as to the shape in whic
it will be passed by the Senate. Th
decisive vote of Saturday on the cor
poration tax renders it quite certai
that all the Democratic amendment
will be eliminated from the bill, am
the Republican suggestion for the is
suance of three hundred million bond
and one hundred million in time cer
tincates will be substituted for th
House amendment. The expression o
the Senate is that the House will accep
the Senate amendments and conse
quently the bill will not be long In con
ference.
With the revenue bill disposed of
there may be an effort to secure an in
j dependent expression on Hawaiian an
j nexation, but this will depend on the
future developments. The conference
reports on the appropriation bills will
also be in order. There will be several
of these, the sundry civil being the
most important.
THEOREGCN'S OFFICERS
AND MEN COMPLIMENTED
Secretary of the Navy Highly Pleased
With the Successful Voyage of
the Battleship.
NEW YORK, May 29.— A Washing-
ton special to the Herald says: Secre
tary Long has officially commended
Captain C. E. Clarke and officers and
men under his command for their ex
cellent work in bringing the battle-ship
Oregon safely to Key West. This com
mendation was given upon telegraphic
announcement from Captain Clarke of
his arrival at Key West, and not upon
his mail report, which is expected to
reach Washington on Tuesday. The
Secretary's letter is a pleasant state
ment of the facts concerning the cruise,
and highly compliments Captain
Clarke and his subordinates for their
work.
The assignment of the battle-ship to
Rear Admiral Sampson's command
gives that cfs eer off the northern coast
of Cuba three armorclads — the armored
cruiser New York and the battle-ships
Indiana and Oregon — besides four mon
itors and protected cruisers.
No surprise need be felt if it is learn
ed within the next few days, in case
Admiral Cervera's presence in the har
bor of Santiago de Cuba should be ab
solutely confirmed, that two of the
monitors have been ordered to Commo
dore Schley's assistance, these vessels
to relieve, perhaps, the lowa, which
may be returned to Rear Admiral
Sampson's immediate command.
Cornell Grants the Bequest.
ITHACA, N. V., May 29.— Cornell has
granted the request received from Yale
and Harvard asking Cornell to row the
triangular boat race on June 22 instead
of 23d or 24th. An answer to this effect
was immediately wired to the captains
of the Yale and Harvard crews, and the
gratification of the Cornell navy was ex
pressed for the courtesy shown by Har
vard and Yale in their efforts to arrange
matters satisfactorily to all Darties.
CRUISER AND
STEAMSHIP IN
COLLISION
British Vessel Foscolia Runs
Into the Columbia
During a Fog.
Badly Disables the Warship and
Is Itself Sunk in Nineteen
Fathoms of Water.
NETv" YORK May 29.— When the
United States cruiser Columbia, in
command of Captain Sands, anchored
off Tompkinsville, S. 1., this afternoon
It was seen that she had a large jagged
hole stove in her starboard side,
abreast the mast, and immediately for
ward of the after barbette. Above the
water line the hole extended about ten
feet In height and six feet wide. Just
how far below the water line the crui
ser was damaged could not be ascer
tained, and none of the naval officers
would give any information in regard
to the accident.
As soon as the vessel came to anchor,
the captain and crew, twenty-one in
all, of the British steamer Foscolia,
which left this port yesterday with a
cargo of machinery and general mer
chandise for Bordeaux, went ashore.
Neither the captain nor any of the Brit
ish crew would talk and they left at
once for New York to report the acci
dent to their agents. No one was al
lowed to go on board the Columbia, but
to a correspondent who rowed out to
the cruiser, the officers of the deck
made the following brief statement:
At about 7:40 a. m. the British ship
Foscolia, in command of Captain John
Evans, collided with our vessel during
a dense fog. We were then about eight
miles southwest, off Fire Island. We
lowered two life boats and rescued the
captain and crew, numbering twenty
one all told. We stood by until the Fos
colia sank at 3 o'clock this morning.
As soon as we arrived here we sent the
rescued men ashore."
Further information in reference to
the accident could not be obtained.
At 4 o'clock one of the navy yard tugs
steamed alongside the cruiser and de
livered some messages from Rear Ad
miral Bunce, commander of the navy
yard at Brooklyn. A few minutes later
the Columbia headed for the Brooklyn
Navy Yard, where it is supposed she
be drydocked and the extent of her in
juries ascertained.
Captain J. Evans of the Foscolia, af- j
ter reaching this city, said regarding i
the collision:
"The Foscolia cleared from this port j
at noon on Saturday with a general j
cargo of about 2200 tons. All went well i
until evening when a heavy fog set in. !
I was on the bridge and ordered the
lights up and the fog whistle kept go- j
ing. As the fog grew denser the speed ;
of the ship was reduced to one-half.
"At about 8 o'clock the lookout, John
son, on the forecastle and Thompson :
on the bridge, re.rorte* a steamer on j
the port bow. Our lights were burning
brigbtly and the fog signal was whist
ling. I looked up and saw a big ;
steamer with four funnels dead ahead.
As the steame- s were not 200 yards
apart, I saw that a collision was in- j
WAR REVENUE
BILL BLOCKED
Annexationists Delay the
Vote.
ADOPT PECULIAR TACTICS.
TAKING ADVANTAGE OF THE
PRESENT CRISIS.
May Even Go to the Extent of De
priving the Government of Means
for Waging the
Conflict.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 29.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Were it not
for the Hawaiian annexation question
Congress could pass the war revenue
bill, finish the appropriation bills and
adjourn -within two weeks.
The debate on the revenue bill has
been practically concluded, and a vote
could be reached at almost any mo
ment but for the threat of Senator
Lodge and other annexationists to
press the annexation amendment and
precipitate a long debate. The oppo
nents of annexation believe they can
prevent this, however, by moving to lay
the amendment on the table after Sen
ator Lodge has made his speech upon
It. This motion is not debatable, and
could be brought to a vote at once. It
is understood a number of annexation
ists will vote for it on the ground that
it is not a proper, subject for incorpora
tion in a revenue measure.
It may be that the motion to- lay
Lodge's amendment on the table may
not carry, as the Senator by no menaa
stands alone in his disapproval of the
means taken and bargains made to de
feat annexation. Should the amend
ment not be laid on the table a debate
would ensue, the end of which it would
be impossible to foretell. Interests
which are opposed to annexation are
so strong and have been able to con
trol a number of Senators so absolutely
that they might even go as far as to
delay the passage of the revenue bill
until the Government is left without
means for carrying on the war through
complete exhaustion of the available
cash in the treasury-
Speaker Reed, who has become ac
customed to speaking for the entire
House of Representatives, has been a
party to the attempts to sidetrack the
Hawaiian resolution by an agreement
i that it should not come up in either
house during this session. He is
threatened with an even more serious
rebellion than when a large element In
| evitable. I blew three whistles and
i the approaching vessel answered with
! one blast. That was the tirst time I
heard tLe Columbia's whistle. Instantly
I ordered our engines full speed astern.
The vessels came together, however,
with a terrible crash, and the b<>w of
the Foscolia ran up on the cruiser'^
armor belt and then cut through her
sponsons. They remained locked for a
couple of seconds, but the backing of
the Foscolia'a engines tore off her bow
|as far back as th-> first water-tight
bulkhead. The wreckage stuck in the
cruiser's side above and below the wa
ter line and cauat.-d the Columbia t<> list
considerably. Had it not been for the
bulging of the sponson from the side
j of the warship, the Foscolia would have
Struck the Columbia only a glancing
blow. The bow of the Foscolia became
wedged between the sponson and hull
of the cruiser and the bow of my boat
I was completely wrenched off.
"It was dead calm at the time of the
I collision. After backing away I saw
i the injury to the Foscolia was serious
! and instantly ordered the lifeboats
I launced. They were in the water In
, Just four minutes and my crew were
j ordered' into them. I remained aboard
j the wreck with my five officers. My
I engineers, after trying the engines, re-
I ported them to be so badly damaged by
; the collision as to be incapable of work
i ing the ship. The Fnscolia was leaking
| badly and the pumps were started. The
i crew was sent aboard the cruiser,
j which had a hole in her starboard large
j enough to drive a team and carriage
i through. The pumps were kept wnrk
| ing until 10:30 p. m.. but the Foscolia
was getting lower and lower in the wa
ter.
"Two boats from the Columbia were
standing by me and Lieutenant Wil
liams asked me at that hour what I
intended doing. I replied that I would
! stand by my ship until she went down.
I Then I ordered the officers into the life
i boat and I remained at th.^ main rlg
! ging while the steamship continued to
j sink. I got into the small boat and re
i mained with my officers about fifty
I yards from the sinking shin.
"Exactly at 3 a. m. the Foscolla went
', down head first in nineteen fathoms of
, water. It reappeared again a few min
utes later and then disapp.-nred for-
I ever, stern first. None of my men were
hurt, but I cannot tell if all the men
ion the Columbia escaped Injury. I
think not.
"The Foscolla, which I commanded
for twelve months, was an Iron vessel
iof 9SO tons net and 1536 tons gross,
launched at Newcastle, England, in
1579, and her hailing port was London.
She was 252 feet long, 34 feet beam
and 22 feet 7 inches deep. She was
schooner rigged, had two masts, a
double deck, four bulkheads, compound
engines and carried water ballast."
the House practically compelled action
on the Cuban resolution, before either
the Speaker or the administration
wished it. This time the rebellious Re
publicans include nearly all the men
on that side of the House, and they
have the advantage of having the ad
ministration with them, instead of op
posed to them, as in the case of the
Cuban resolution.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A POPULAR SOCIETY
As well as the business man, or th«
man of fastidious taste in dress, al-
ways attires himself in the moat ir-
reproachable linen, as the customs of
good society demands. They have
found our establishment to be the
laundry par excellence for transform-
Ing their soiled linen into "a thing of
beauty" in color and finish, just like a
new shirt, collar or cuff.
United States Laundry, office 1004
Market street. Telephone, South 420.
Don't Permit Substitution^
\\ 1 1 '^ s adoption as a
| or as an option for
1898 by 75 of the leading bicycle
makers, who will furnish the Chris-
ty as an equipment to their wheeis
without additional charge. Insist
on the Christy. Avoid cheap imita-
I tions and permit no substitution.
Once a Christy rider always a
I Christy advocate.
A. G. SPALDING & BROS,
NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.KROHN WILL
NOT DISCUSS
HIS PLIGHT
Declines to Offer Explana
tions of Wea^ Points
in His Story.
peeling iQ Madera Grows More
Bitter Against tf)e Young
Official's Accusers.
MADERA, May 29.— 1f there Is any
mystery concerning the details of the
alleged robbery of Deputy Tax Collec
tor Krohn it has not yet been solved.
Circumstances have developed that are
held by some to point to a conclusion
not in accordance with the story told
by Krohn, but they have served no
more definite purpose than to accentu
ate the bitter feeling the majority of
the people in this community hold
agrainst those who pretend to look with
suspicion on the story told by the pop
ular young official.
Krohn is still confined to his room
from the effects, so his physician
states, of the beating- he received at the
hands of the two masked robbers. His
numerous friends are permitted to see
and converse with him, but newspaper
correspondents are excluded. To all
queries the reply is that Krohn does
not care to be Interviewed. This re
luctance on his part to discuss the de
tails of the alleged robbery is unfortu
nate, as It leaves the public in doubt
on several Important points that, as the
case now stands, are certainly not in
Krohn's favor.
One of these points has to do with
the question of the time at which the
supposed robbery occurred. On the day
following the robbery Krohn stated he
was attacked by robbers at about 10:30
o'clock in the evening, and that during
the struggle that ensued a pano of
glass in the counter railing was
shattered. Several persons who were
near tho office heard the crash of the
breaking glass and all agree that it
occurred at 11:25 o'clock — fifty-five
minutes later than the time fixed by
X: hn.
This fact, taken In connection with
Kr< inn's statement concerning the time
'ii the steel safe inside the large
vault, forms a bit of circumstantial
evidence that is troubling the minds of
the friends of the young man. The
was kept in this steeh safe, and
Krohn says the time lock on the safe
was set for 11 o'clock. In other words,
the safe could be opened by any one
familiar with the combination before
lock, but after that hour no one
could open it until a fixed hour on the
.ing- morning. According to
Krohn's story, he was held up at 10:30
k and was told to open the safe.
He replied that he could not, as the
time lock was on. The robbers said
they knew the time lock did not begin
to work until 11 o'clock, and If he did
not comply with their demand they
would kill him. Krohn then went to
the safe and opened it.
One of the robbers looted the safe,
and then both attempted to lock Krohn
in the vault. During the struggle that
ensued the glass was broken, Krohn was
beaten into Insensibility and the rob
bers escaped with the coin.
All of these things are supposed to
have occurred within the space of ten
minutes. The glass was broken at 11:23
o'clock has been established beyond a
reasonable doubt by the testimony of
three or four reputable witnesses, who
heard the crash and located the noise
as coming from the interior of che Tax
Collector's office. One of these wit
nesses is Night Watchman Tooker, who
was within 150 feet of the office at tho
time. He, in company with others,
made an immediate Investigation, but
was unable to discover anything. Pre
suming that the glass was broken ten
minutes after the robbers first entered
the place, and after they had obtained
possession of the cash, it follows that
the time when Krohn was fored to open
the time when Krohn was forced to open
did open the safe, therefore, is a mani
fest impossibility, for at that time the
time lock had been at work fiften min
ntes.
If it is conceded that three or four dis
interested witnesses are telling the
truth regarding the time when they
heard the crash of breaking glass, then
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOLD PICK LINE
JOHNSON -LOCKE MERCANTILE
COMPANY,
M* Market Street, San Francisco,
BOLE AGENTS
STEAMERS FOR ALASKA AND KOTZE-
BLE SOUND.
Will Dispatch the Following Steamers:
JUNE 3—
FOR DUTCH HARBOR, NUNIVAK ISLAND,
HOOPERS BAY, ST. MICHAEL AND
DAWSON CITT.
THi. STEAMSHIP
TILLA/VIOOK.
JUNE 4—
FOR KOTZEBUE SOUND. DUTCH HARBOR,
NUNIVAK ISLAND. HOOPERS BAY,
ST. MICHAEL AND DAW-
SON CITY,
The Newly built Triple Expansion Steamer
GRACE DOLLAR,
Connecting- at the mouth of the Putnam
River with the river steamer ARCTIC BIRD, '
which will transfer passengers up the Putnam
River about the vicinity of Fort Cosmos.
JUNE 6—" 7
FOR ST. MICHAEL, DAWSON CITY AND
YUKON RIVER POINTS,
■ The Magnificent Steamer
MORGAN CITY,
Capacity- 700 Passengers, 2000 Tons of Freight.
Th» above steamers are the finest of their ;
tla*«: every comfort given to passengers; best ;
Üblo »et of any line running to Alaska. If
you are going to Alaska go by a reliable line. ,;.
For Information uddroaa
tOIIN BON-LOCK B MERCANTILE COMPANT,
~08 Market at., San Francisco, j
the story told by Krohn Is impossible of
belief, because it is contradicted by
facts that cannot lie.
It is possible that Krohn can furnish |
] some explanation for this and other !
I apparent contradictions to his story,
but he prefers to let the public place its
own construction on the suspicious cir
cumstances of the case as it now ap
pears. So far as the county is con- I
cerned, the alleged robbery will result
in no public loss, as Krohn's bondsmen
are responsible under the law. The ]
| money that Krohn claims was stolen I
{ should have been paid into the treas
; ury some time ago, and the fact that
; it was not paid makes Krohn and his
J bondsmen responsible for its loss.
The work of experting Krohn's ac
j counts is going slowly forward, but the
j result will not serve to throw any light
on the supposed robbery. The books
will show that Krohn should have had
in his possession the amount of money |
he claims to have had, but they will I
not show whether Krohn had appro- ]
priated to his own use or whether it j
was stolen at the time and in the man
ner in which he says it was. The only
result that the expert will be able to at
tain will be to try to fix the exact
amount which will have to be made
good by the bondsmen.
In this connection the generous action
of Krohn's brothers and relatives is
worthy of special notice. They have |
signified their intention of turning over
to the bondsmen all of their property
without reserve in order that the
bondsmen may indemnify themselves
for the money they will be forced to
turn over to the county. The property
so off^rf/d amounts in value to more
than $30,000.
COMMERCE OF COUNTRIES
NEAR THE PHILIPPINES.
Statistics of Interest to American
Producers in View of Present
Conditions.
WASHINGTON. May 29.— The com
merce of the countries adjacent to the
Philippine Islands is the subject of a
series of tables which will appear in the i
next monthly publication of the Bureau
of Statistics.
The statement consists of tables
showing the population and commerce
of the islands adjacent to the Philip
pines, and the share which the United
States and other nations had in the
commerce for a series of years, and is
accompanied by a map showing the
steamship routes and distance from
that port to the ports of the adjacent
countries. The fact that the countries
now in easy reach of the Philip-pines
contain a population of 85,000,000, that
their purchases from other parts of the
world amount to over a billion dollars
every year and their exports to a like
sum, and that the larger portion of
these purchases comprise the classes of
goods produced in the United States,
add greatly to the interest in this sub
ject. The tables will show the popula
tion and area of the countries, their
trad^ with each of the leading nations
of the world and the percentage which
each nation obtains of their exports
and imports, the articles which have
been exported to each by the United
States during the past five years and
the total commerce of the United States
with each of the principal countries of
that section by years since 1880.
THREE SPANISH SPIES
MAKE THEIR ESCAPE
Futile Efforts to Capture the Men
Who Tried to Destroy a Fort
Taylor Mortar Battery.
KEY WEST, May 29.— The three sup
posed Spaniards who tried to blow up
the mortar battery near Fort Taylor
on Thursday night have not yet been
captured. Captain Merrill, command
ant at tho fortifications, had armed
searching parties out looking for them
last night, and to-day the torpedo boat
Porter has been scouting in the adja
cent waters in search of them, but
without success. They are thought
either to have gotten safely (iff to Culm,
or to be in hiding on one of the neigh
boring: keys. ■
Two of the suspects were seen driv
ing along the beach road near the for
tifications yesterday afternoon. They
were followed to the eastern end of the
island, where they were joined by a
third man. All boarded a rowboat "and
made for Stock Island, a neighboring
key. One, who is thought to be the
leader, carried a rifle. When last seen
their boat was approaching a sloop or
schooner lyinr off Stock Island. This
morning both sloop and small boat
were gone. The authorities have de
tailed descript ! ns of the men.
TO DRAW GERMANY
AWAY FROM RUSSIA
England to Accomplish Its Object
May Make a Colonial Concession
of Great Value.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
BERLIN, May 29.-I am in a posi
tion to inform you that English offi
cers' expressions of friendship to Ger
many, ambiguously referred to by
Joseph Chamberlain at Birmingham,
were of a most decided character. In
fact, they have taken official as well as
non-official Germany rather by sur
prise. It is even asserted here that the
project includes a possible colonial con
cession of great value to Germany, pre
sumably as the price for drawing Ger
many away from Russia.
I have also authority for the state
ment that the idea of England, Ger
many and America joining hands is be
ing seriously entertained, not so much
here, but in Washington and London,
whence it Is forced on German atten
tion.
The rumor that Sir Frank Lascelles
was about to be transferred from here
le utterly unfounded. The British Em
bassador Is persona gratlsslma with
the Emperor. J
XHJ3 SAW FBAKCISCO CALI,, MONDAY, MAY 30, 1898.
NEW POLICY
SHAPED BY
THE WAR
Henry Norman Writes of
the Probable Course of
This Government.
Believes It Will forsake Tradition
and Retain Territory Wrested
from Spain.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 29.
Henry Norman, editor of the London
Daily Chronicle, whose letters from
§city during the Venezuelan bound
dispute attracted such widespread
rition. is in Washington again as
correspondent of his paper. To
t he cabled the following to the
Chronicle, and through his courtesy the
Associated Press is able to present the
matter from this side.
Since my arrival I have sought dili
gently in all quarters for some outline
or suggestion of the policy to be pursued
by the United States in the immediate fu
ture. The result of the war is a fore
gone conclusion. Each day's news has,
therefore, only an incidental interest.
But, wholly without intention on the
part of the administration, the country
is rapidly approaching a situation where
a decision more momentous than any for
j a century past must i><- taken. The re-
I suits of this decision will affect European
nations hardly less than America Itself.
Upon such matter I have been unwilling
Ksay a word until convinced it was
ed on solid facts. I have conversed
h almost every man, beginning with
highest, where authority will mold
issue, and with many other friends
new acquaintances, representative of
all shades of opinion. The inquiry has
been like the search for a needle in a
haystack, and 1 have now reached the
conclusion that in this particular stack
there Is no needle at all.
I mean that neither in the White House
nor the State Department is there any
definite conviction or determination on
the future direction of the national pol
icy with regard to the disposal of these
over-sea possessions over which the
American flag will be flying when the
war is over. This may sound like a hos
tile criticism. Nothing is further from
my mind. The United States has drifted
steadily toward its new fate. If the
Maine had not been blown up war would
not exist to-day. The neutrality of Eng
land forced Admiral Dewey's squadron
to sea, and to smash the Spanish Asiatic
Iron and seize Manila was his only
• -••. This accomplished, it became in
stantly imperative to send him re-en-
Mients, and these had to be strong
-• h to defeat twenty Spanish regi
ments and occupy the principal islands.
The same is true of the Atlantic. When
war was declared it was believed that
the insurgents were capable of taking the
field against the Spanish if supplied with
arms, ammunition and food. It is now
known that they arc wholly incapable of
this, and the military authorities have
become deeply averse to any co-operation
with the insurgents, holding the view that
the American army should act with com
plete Independence, sq as to be free to
face whatever situation may arise after
the Spanish are expelled.
To President MoKinley alone Is due tho
escape of this country from the fatal
blunder of recognizing the Insurgents as
belligerents, and for this every tninking
American to-day is - rofoundly grateful.
Again, there was originally no intention
of bombarding or seizing Porto Rico.
Admiral Sampson's bombardment was a
failure; it should have been sooner and
final or not at all. That mistake Is not
to be repeated, and the second Spanish
fleet will not find a base there.
Moreover, nobody could have foreseen
the extraordinary change of public opin
ion after Admiral Dewey's victory. Be
tween April 3 and May 1 a revolution took
place. On that day the Idea of keeping
the Philippines had not occurred to any
body; on the next day few people thought
of giving them up. Now, also, it is ap
preciated that it is impossiole to dispose
of them to any other power without the
gravest complications, while public senti
ment is intolerant of the idea of restor
ing them to Spain's misrule.
Thus, in every direction, events have
moved and the administration has follow
ed. . In Ambassador Hay's words, it has
been a case of imposition of invisible
hands. The moving finger has written]
and it cannot be lured back to "cancel
half a line."
The question is, will the United States,
when peace is signer!, withdraw within
its rid limits, abide by its old traditions
and resist the temptation of empire; or
will it accept boldly what the fortunes of
war have brought and turn its face
toward a new destiny? The struggle will
be long and bitter.
The opponents of annexation urge that
the constitution permits no territory to be
incorporated in the Union which cannot
become a state. It is replied that
America must no longer let George Wash
ington do its thinking for it.
"Why," ask some, "would we needlessly
entangle ourselves with European powers
and enter the far Eastern political are-
na?"
"We are always entangled, reply the
others, "our interests are equal to those
of England in keeping open the vast mar
kets of China, and England will he over
borne and China seized piecemeal unless
we range ourselves alongside her."
"It will take a great navy and army,"
say the objectors.
"It is perfectly certain," reply the an
nexationists, "that the country has al
ready determined to have such a strong
navy and army that we never again shall
be caught in this disgraceful state of
unprepared ness."
In view of this sharp division of opinion
it is obvious the only statesmanlike
course of the President is to finish the
war first and let the policy take care of
itself.
Moreover, I have reason to believe it
M This is produced by but few causes. There may be
B- a bad liver disorder, and there may.be indigestion. But '\k
M by far the greatest number of cases are caused by
IB early indiscretion. Dizziness : is one of the plainest Wk
m symptoms of nervous weakness. .Vital force being Wl
S drained away.'; It means weakness instead of manliness. m
m ''It means that you ; are unable to properly perform na- v
B ture's duties. It means lost vigor. In some way nature M
B has been abused. You must alter this state of affairs. I a
■ "Hudyan" will do it. It has brought many thousands of :.: ■
w men back to great manhood: Ask for free circulars and 9
H . testimonials telling/ you all about its • grind power. is
'%& t : If you are dizzy, if you are weak, if you are premature, 2;
■ T. '• if your, life is going to waste, you need one thing. That ' m
■ one thing is "HUDYAN." > : ■
■ . A/OI I should, be careful as to blood taint. \ Those tiny ul- £f
»' ■ "U oers. the loosening teeth and the other - symptoms of M
iKk presence of the poison must be watched. Send for free • "30-day » m-■m -■
W blood cure" circulars. The blood is freed from all of the poison . m
■k ■. promptly. There is no after effect. W "30-day blood cure"- Is; as''.. ;j m
Tq^ : effective in its sphere as is "Hudyan" in making manly, per- ".' M ■■'
■ '^ feet men. ' . M
V Hudson Medical. Institute, Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts., S.F. M
has been decided to enforce only a mod
erate revenue tariff upon the Philip
pines, to which American goods will be
subject like the goods of other nations,
and this is already so great a departure
from tradition as to render other de
partures lees surprising. Cuba will be
given every chance of freedom, but if, as
may be, she lacks the elements of inde
pendence, she must become American.
That Porto Rico will be retained I feel
sure. Europe, therefore, needs to en
visage a development of American pol
icy which will upset many calculations
arid possibly radically modify the pres
ent balance of power.
CERVERA CARRIED NO
FOOD TO SANTIAGO
Landed Men and Arms, but Brought
No Provisions to Relieve the
Famine Situation.
PORT AU PRINCE, May 29. — Two
Italians who set out from Santiago de
Cuba in a small boat on May 19 and
landed near Mole St. Nicholas on the
22d, arrived here to-day bringing in
formation as to the situation at San
tiago. The state of affairs there is
critical, particularly so because of the
lack of food. A great many of the un
fortune people, especially the recon
centrados, are dying of starvation.
The whole population is terribly dis
couraged and keenly desirous of peace.
The arrival of the squadron under
Cervera without food supplies for the
city deepened the general despond
ency.
The squadron has disembarked 800
men, artillery men and engineers, and
landed 20,000 Mauser rifles, a great
quantity of ammunition and four big
guns destined fur the fortifications.
In spite of the strict silence main
tained by the officers and the com
manders, the general expression was,
when the Italiar left, that the squad
ron would set out for San Juan, Porto
munition there.
THE HARVARD TAKING
ON COAL AT KINGSTON.
She Will Be Allowed to Remain in
Port Twenty-four Hours Longer
Than Usual.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, May 28 (de
layed in transmission).— The United
States auxiliary cruiser Harvard, for
merly the American line steamer New
York, is coaling here. The Colonial
(Government is undecided as to how
much coal she will be allowed to take
on board, but she will probably ship
six hundred tons at least, enough for
all present purposes. As something
trifling is wror - with her steering
gear and her boilers are dirty, she will
be allowed to remain h«ro 24 hours
longer than usual, under the neutrality
regulations. With the exception of
medicines, the Harvard has not taken
on board any supplies.
Captain Cotton of the Harvard said
that all were well on board the squad
ron when he left the vessels under the
command of Commodore Schley on Fri
day. Rear Admiral Sampson was then
supposed to be off the northwest coast
of Cuba.
STORES FOR THE ZAFIRO
SEIZED AT HONGKONG
Dewey Is Fortifying Corregidor
Island and Mining the Channel
of Manila Bay.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
-ONGKONG, May 29. — The police
last night seized a quantity of stores
which were being supplied by a Chi
nese "compredore" at Hongkong to the
United States auxiliary cruiser Zaflro,
now being 1 used as a transport. The
stores were conveyed in three lighters
and a steam launch to the Zaflro,
which is still at Kowloon Bay, in Chi
nese waters, where she has been coaled
and provisioned.
Americans are fortifying Corregidor
Island at the entrance to Manila Bay
and are mining the channel. They will
give a warm reception to any possible
antagonist.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK. May 29.— Perry T. Morgan
of San Francisco is at the Waldorf-As
toria. W. Wayne Belvin of San Fran
cisco is at the Hoffman. J. H. Millur
of San Francisco is at the Imperial.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
,_- _ - ,-,_,_ -ii-,_-_i-i_ .'■ ----- — ■*■ -'----■
MUNYON'S FAME.
Kaewa fUm World O-rmr a* ike Bern**
fa«to# sf flv«eri»ax n«s»»altr.
Mnnyon's Improved Homeopathic Home
Remedies are doing more to rid the world
of pain and sickness than all the doctors
combined. These discoveries, harmless la
the hands of a child, are proving their
potency in so many thousands of eases that
It would be sheer madness for any siok
person to turn away from their benefits. A
«loud of witnesses, stretching from East to
West and North to South, among all na-
tions, are telling their cures and praising
Munyon, whom they look upon as their
benefactor and friend.
_ Munyon guarantees that his Rheumatism
Core will cure nearly all cases of rheuma-
tism In a few hours; that his Dyspepsia
Cure will cure indigestion and all stomach
troubles: that his Kidney Cure will cure
90 per cent, of all cases of kidney trouble;
that his Catnrrh Cure will cure catarrh no
matter how long standing; that his Head-
ache Cure will cure any kind of headache
In a few minutes; that his Cold Cure will
quickly break up any form of cold, and so
on through the entire list of his remedies.
Guide to Health and medical advice abso-
lutely free. Trot Munyon, 1605 Arch at
Philadelphia.
VA/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNBY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claua Spreckala Bid*.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California otreet, below
Powell. Ban Francisco.
BUSINESS
DIRECTORY
and PURCHASERS' GUIDE
To Responsible Merchants,
Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters. Wholesale Traders,
Jobbers, Insurance and Real
Estate Agents.
. : :—: —
In Corresponding With Any of the Following
Firms Please Mention "The Call."
ART GLASS.
California Art Glass, Bending and Catting
Works, 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossing. Staining, Beveling. Wm.
Schroeder, Pres. Telephone Main 868.
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
rpnE F. ROSSI CO., Importers of High-OlaM Fur-
i- niture, Frenoh Cabinet*, Mirblc Statuary, Etc., 117
Butter street. -
AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock If II lID C. rSi 11 Montgomery St.,
Auctioneers. TlUjljlx O. vU- San Francisco.
BELTING.
LP TIFfiFV Manufacturer of Belting and I
L. r. IJLULH, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis- |
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. i
Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing.
BOILERMAKERS.
«3 ¥3T . W. J. Brady's Patent
If IB DETACHABLE
£S? ■ -«_ MUD DRUM
fS^HSffi-vSiSI for Steam Boilers,
Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and' Ship Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045. i
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals, Books, and Stationery.
BOOKBINDERS.
T "R IYTpTII'PVP'P Bookbinder and Printer, ,
Ji Di iUulil 1 1 fill. 422 Commercial street. I
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox, Supt. . H. Blyth, Mar.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat !
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
DRAY AGE.
McNAB & SMITH,
Draymen, Mercantile Warehouse.
Stands— Davis St. and Corner Fifth
and Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Main 1872.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON&CO Secondand Steven.
nLL)inUIUIIO6 UU M son Sts. Tel. -
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
TAQ RfIYFS £ Cft Shipping Butchers. 108
JA3 DUILJ (I UJi, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FLOUR.
MITIANAI Flour Mills. I. Martensteln & Co.
IIAIIVnAL S.W. cor. Battery an.l Pacific sts.
HARDWARE.
D ALACE Hardware Co. , lmporters & Dealers
* In Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley, Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
* scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS. "
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS, 136 Sutter St.,
Vl San Francisco. Telephone Main 917.
LIME JUICE AND CORDIALS
MADE purely of limes and lemons In bottles
HI and cases. L. G. Sresovlch Co., 521 Sansome «t.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMPTTP PULP AND PAPER CO.,
VIILLMIYILI I L 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 O'Farrell St..
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. H Montgomery st.
SOAP.
Gn I lirV *TO 123 California street,
Ui B. LUWI tt WUi | room 37. Tel. Main 1661.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telrpraphlc PARTRIDGE 3 06 .. C U
Codes. rArvlnlUUl!;, fornlaSt,
TAILOR AND IMPORTER.
Rooms mAC 111 fee Claus Spreckels
407. 408, 409, 410 vIIA DLI 33; I-ildgr.. 4th j Floor.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type Foundry, successors
mr to Hawks & Shattuck. The Home Industry
House, DOS Clay st.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding : Agents • and Public Weighers.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses.
General office. 210 California St. Tel. Main 1914.
SEWING MACHINES.
''nniIEOTIP" Pre-eminently the :m * c * i ' * for
UUmLOIIU family use. 102! Market street,
near Sixth.
TYPEWRITERS. '
ISBL ALL TYPEWRITERS RENTED.
SEbrSEI^ Few partly used for sale cheap.
jMIWPBL. Send for samples and prices.
&s&***» L. * M . AIJIXANDEH. 110 If oDtauman^
ADVERTISEMENTS. . A
fß+B+B+B+H+B+H+»+B+B+B+H+H+B+B*S+B+B+B-HH*B'^
BY PEREMPTORY ORDER OF i
THE TRUSTEES! j
— — — — — — — — — — — — — —
SALE ! j
ning > I ULOUfII, IVldy 0i( nlng |
- - fl
THE TRUSTEES HAVING DECIDED TO * |
AT ONCE PAY OFF|
The Entire Balance of Our \
Indebtedness 1
Indebtedness i
\A/E ARE COMPELLED +
TO TURN INTO READY CASH
OUR MAMMOTH STOCK OF £
SPRING and SUMMER"!
DRY GOODS AND CLOAKS! j
! . _ ■
EVERYTHING MARKED DOWN TO 5
PRICES TO_FORCE_HEA¥Y SALES*!|
REMEMBER THE DATE. ' I
DON'T MISS THE OPENING BARGAINS.
========= '+ :
»■ STORE CLOSED MONDAY, MAY 3#th — DECORATION DAY. |
;—•; — • +
{/(/ Murphy Bulldlnar. .M {/If Murphy Building, m i
Market and Jones Streets. HarM aii Jons Streets, »
DIRECT
. . TO . .
DAWSON CITY.
All water route, no change; new
steamer, built for leading business men
of this city and Alameda; cheap rate;
best fare; no second-class, all new fur-
nishings and best caterers. Tickets on
salel at 54 Steuart street, and 25 Market
street. Call for particulars.
SLEDS, BOATS' ETC. ;§'
ARCTIC sleds, Arctic dogs, Toukon boats,
pilot traps to the Klondike, Alaska outfits,
eteam launches, and stern-wheel steamers, with
boilers suitable to burn wood; 50 boats can be
seen at salesroom. G. W. KNEASS, j 718 Third
fit. 'Phone Red 2361.
ETHEL. For more than ten years I suffered severely from dyspepsia, and duT-.pr'
ing that time consulted many physicians. First it was th« family j»
doctor in New York, where I then resided, and later I had treat-
ment at the New York Hospital, but obtained no permanent) relief** j
For over a month I had visited my family physician in B^yonne, ; :; -J| .
twice in every week, and as a last resort an appointment had been
made when 1 was tc^teibmit , to the process of having the stomach
washed out by the siphon arrangement, which is found a mode Qj£*
treatment more beneficial in its .effects than enjoyable in the pro-
cess. About this time, however, I had a conversation with a.*
friend who w?i acquainted with the merits of Ripane Tabulet, and \
he presented me with a box for trial, -Well, I did try them, and *■ ;
could feel that | they did me good, bo I . bought more, and in my
house nowadays you will always find a supply of Ripans Tabules.
I find them easier to take than powders or liquids, or even than -
swallowing i hot .water in the morning, . M^ condition is so much
Improved that of late I hare had ; no ; occasion to i resort to them
at all. : Before I found the Tabules, my • bill for attendance and.
medicine was rarely less than three dollars a week, The Tabwai
baTe not only implored my condition, but have been efELoacApgg
in the owe of friuidd to wheaa I Laye r«c<?a«sefidgd th«sB*
IVJihm^imi^i
J when unwell," for pains, obstructions),
I and irregularities peculiar to the sex.^
Recommended by the leading French
Specialists for diseases of women ; Supe-
rior to Tansy, Pennyroyal and injurious
drugs. One bottle of Apioline Capsules
lasts three months. < sold by all drug-gists,
or by mail, $i. Box 2081, N. Y. Post Office. 1 :
P. & B. BUILDING PAPER
And P. & B. READY ROOFING*
Sold by all first-class dealers, are clean, odor.;
less, of great strength, reasonable In price and:
easy to transport. They keep heat, cold, damp- 1
ness and dust out of buildings; are particu-
larly adapted to Alaskan trade. PARAFFINS'
PAINT CO., 116 Battery st. Tel. Main 1761.
34
MONDAY MAY 30, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications. to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE 6AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In tbls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month I
65 cents. ____^_^__
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 906 Broadway !
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riggs Rone*
.-/V."i"' C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marque Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 287 Hayes street, «pen until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh)
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS,
Columbia—" The Now Dominion "
CaMfornla— Hopkins Trans-Ocoanlc Star Specialty Co.
Alcazar— "The Master of Ceremonial.
Morocco's— "The Bottom of the Sea "
Tlvoli— "The Poster."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Ihe Chutes-Zoo, Vnijfievllle. and "Visions of Art."
I ;.i:.pia— Corner Mason and Eddy streets. Specialties.
Sutro Baths— Swimming,
AUCTION SALES...
By H. L. Reed— Monday, May SO. Jewelry, at 1038 Market et.,
at 2 o clock.
By KillipA Co.— Thursday, June 2, Horses, at San Mateo Stoes
Farm, at lv o'clock.
INCREASING ACTIVITY IN TRADE.
COMMERCIAL reports from all sections of the
country point to a further increase in the vol
ume of trade. Last week it was the West that
showed the greatest activity, but this week the East
i? also expanding. The movement of merchandise is
fully up to the normal at this season of the year, and
in some sections it is above it. The bank clearings for
the week were 29.4 per cent larger than for the cor
responding week last year, and the failures were 245,
against 257 for the same week in 1897 and 277 in 1896.
Not a single large city in the United States showed a
decrease in its bank clearings, while the gain in New
York was 27.7 per cent, in Chicago 32.8 per cent, in
Philadelphia 21.3 per cent, in Baltimore 40.7 per cent,
in San Francisco 22.3 per cent, in New Orleans 1 1.8
per cent, in Minneapolis 32.8 per cent, and so on,
showing that the gain in business as represented by
these clearings was general throughout the country.
The railroad earnings also exhibited a gain over 1897.
The expansion of trade is not confined to two or
three leading staples, but apparently characterizes the
whole field of merchandise. Thus the iron trade,
starting the month with the greatest production ever
known, has made surprising progress with new orders,
mainly for agricultural implements, though car
building and structural work come in for a large
share. The long-expected recovery in wool seems
nearer realization, rather more business being re
ported at almost all Eastern centers. Textile goods
are likewise in better demand. Hides and leather
have lately been tending upward, with an increased
movement. The distributive trade of the whole coun
try was never better. Provisions are still active and
firm, with higher price-, for hams, bacon and lard at
the principal packing points. The increase in railroad
earnings for the week was 15 per cent, and the ship
ments from Chicago, eastward during the first three
weeks in May amounted to 389.000 tons, against
150,800 during the same period last year. This in
creased movement was due to the enormous move
ment of breadstuffs, the Atlantic exports of wheat and
flour last week being 3,726,000 bushels, against 1,536,
000 last year. When the greatly advanced prices of
grain this year are taken into consideration, the effect
of this increase in the export movement on the coun
try at large will be immediately realized.
Wall street continues in a state of innocuous
desuetude, to employ a famous phrase which has be
come incorporated into the regular jargon of trade.
The public still keeps aloof, and the professionals are
perforce obliged to depend upon their own resources.
Still, the feeling is bullish. As an influential factor in
the situation the war has become a subordinate issue,
as the large financial interests are paying more atten
tion to the crops and railroad earnings than to the
brush with Spain. It would not take much to start
a general advance in Wall street, as the condition of
general trade, as shown above, is brilliant, and Europe
owes us something like $100,000,000, which is slowly
finding its way into the capacious Yankee pocket. It
is only a short time since we were a chronic debtor
of Europe, but within the past year she has been bor
rowing millions from us, and we are taking the first
steps in becoming what England has long been — a
great creditor nation. It is manifest destiny in a new
form, and one little suspected by those who coined
that phrase two or three generations back. The United
States is rapidly becoming a great "world power" all
around, and one which Europe cannot afford to qunr
rd with, as France has recently learned to its chagrin.
Locally things are quiet. We are approaching the
summer season, when trade generally eases off. We
are harvesting crops which are more profitable this
year than for many years, pausing every now and then
to cheer a passing regiment of soldiers or a fleet of
transports conveying troops to our new possessions
beyond the seas. Apropos of this, the acquisition of
the Philippines will prove a bonanza to San Francisco
if her mercantile bodies are energetic enough to see
that nobody else gets the hanging plum. We are the
natural shipping and receiving point for the Manila
trade, and we ought not to allow the opportunity thus
presented to slip through our fingers. A word to the
wise is sufficient.
The late rains continue to improve agricultural con
ditions. Some damage has been done, but the' benefits
derived more than counterbalance it. All indications
point to a year of more than ordinary prosperity.
Our grain and hay will probably sell high and our
fruit crop will yield more than the usual revenue, as
stocks of canned and dried fruit are practically ex
hausted, and the incoming crop is not heavy enough
to cause a glut.
The quartering of large bodies of troops in this
city is helping local trade in many ways, notably in
provisions and clothing.
There is considerable discussion as to the wisdom
displayed by Cervera, which is in a measure useless.
As nobody known what he has done, the basis for
argument is at least frail.
DECORATION DAY.
ALL the solemn and patriotic services of the an
nuak decoration of the graves of those who
gave their live? that the republic might live
will be observed to-day with a more ardent and fer
vent feeling than has been felt for many a year past
The ceremonies may not be statelier, the processions
larger or the orations more eloquent than those to
which we have been accustomed, but it is certain the
responsiveness of the people will be more tender and
more earnest.
While we decorate to-day the graves of the heroes
of the war that freed the slaves and kept the Union
whole we cannot be oblivious of the fact that we arc
now dedicating a new generation to the same arduous
service of war in the cause of the nation. Around the
sacred graves, beneath the glorious banner of the
nation, there will gather to-day along with the Grand
Army veterans a host of youths forming the Volunteer
Army of the younger generation, who in their turn
have taken up the sword and placed their lives at the
service of their country.
The thought which will be dominant in the minds
of all to-day will be that of the complete success which
under God has blessed the arms of the heroic Grand
Army. To-day the Union is restored not only in ter
ritory and in power, but in the loyal love of all hearts
North and South. Lee and Wheeler and Butler, men
who wore the gray with distinguished valor and mili
tary skill, are types of thousands of veterans of the
armies of the South who under Davis fought against
the Union and are now demonstrating th;ir genuine
loyalty to the flag by going forth under its folds to
fight for the restored Union against a foreign foe.
It is a significant fact which should be widely noted
and profoundly reflected on that this is the first war
in which the whole people of the United States have
been united. During the Revolution there were many
loyalists in all the colonies. Almost every family had
one or more members on each side of the struggle.
In ißt2 the republic was not yet a nation and the war
was not cordially supported by thousands who be
lieved that we ought to have sided with England
against Napoleon rather than fight her. Large num
bers of patriots of the North regarded the war with
Mexico as an act of aggression on the part of slave
holders for the acquirement of further slave territory,
and in that, therefore, as in previous wars, there was
a lack of that unity of sentiment which constitutes the
true harmony of national life.
There are no dissensions among us in this war.
There are no sections or States of the Union holding
back from it. no large classes of people averse to it,
no poets who denounce it as Lowell and Whittier de
nounced the war with Mexico. We are not only a
mighty nation, we are a united, harmonious and
mighty people with a common love of the flag, a
common reverence for the constitution and a common
aspiration for the accomplishment of a national des
tiny of the highest moral and political grandeur.
For this Great and momentous result we are prim
arily indebted to the heroes of the Grand Army. The
battles they fought won for us the strength and power
to wage not only this war of to-day, but all wars that
are to come. As we stand by their graves, remember
ing what they did, considering what duties are re
quired of the young volunteers around us and with
earnest patriotism striving to solve the vast problem?
which are already rising upon the horizon before us.
we enn but recall the solemn words of Lincoln:
"It is for us to dedicate ourselves to the great task
remaining before vs — that from these honored graves
we draw increased devotion to that causr for which
they gave the last full measure of devotion — that the
nation under God shall have a new birth in freedom
and that a government of the people by the people
for the people shall not perish from the earth."
FACTIONS AND RUCTIONS
NO little surprise was felt throughout San Fran
cisco by the announcement made yesterday that
the gentlemen appointed by the Democratic
State Committee to investigate the condition of the
party in this city had reached the conclusion that
neither of the contending factions claiming to be the
regular Democratic City and County Committee had
any virtue or validity in it. The conclusion was re
cognized to be right enough, but the wonder was
great that the members of the State Committee had
sense enough to reach it.
Discomfited, divided, disorganized and demoral
ized, the shattered fragments of Democracy have been
whirling around the vacuum where the head and the
double tail of it went down in 1896. Many a wild
eddy has been caused in different parts of the Union
as a result of the whirling, but among them all there
is no other eddy like that which swirls in this city.
Here is confusion worse confounded and demorali
zation reduced to old chaos and pure cussedness.
Here are Phelans, Sullivans, Raineys, Buckleys,
Maguires, Harneys, Poppers, McNabs and Patsy
Bolivars skirling around in maddening mazes lost,
with endless combinations made and broken, to the
utter bewilderment of the beholder.
It is surprising that the State Committee arbitrators,
themselves involved in the general Democratic con
fusion, could have so accurately diagnosed the dis
order around them. Possibly they did not diagnose
it at all. It may be they desired to have a city faction
of their own, and pronounced all existing city factions
no good as the shortest way of getting at it. At any
rate they put up a faction of their, own and started a
new ruction. There are now three Democratic com
mittees in this city and county and the campaign is
still young. It is a veritable devil's barber-shop of
a party — the call is "next," but no man knoweth what
is coming next.
Senator White will not be a candidate for re
election, Governor Budd will neither be a candidate
for a second term in his present office nor seek the
Scnatorship. Mr. Gould, satisfied with hi- place as
a trustee of a lunatic asylum, where he has managed
to get snug places for his relatives, will not run for
anything unless the governorship should be forced
upon him. The rats are leaving the sinking ship, and
no one stays with it but the pirates, who believe there
is still some boodle left in the old hulk and are hope
ful of their ability to swim ashore with the plunder
when the wreck sinks.
Thus the fracas goes on with noise enough. The
State Democracy has now devoured county Dem
ocracy, but the end is not yet. Perhaps ere long a
national committee will devour the State organization
and then be in its turn swallowed by a fusion com
mittee, and so the whole thing disappear into the vor
tex of Populism and nothingness.
Senator Teller says the United States ought to take
?11 Spanish territory which is outside of Spain itself.
There are many who will agree with him, although
not all would have the courage to say so in a public
way. A war for the promotion of humanity cannot
well stop while there is barbarism to be abated, and
such there will be while the Spanish flag waves over
a single colony.
It is well to remember that while training for a fight
it is not regarded as wise to gorge en pi»
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY* 30, 1898.
THE BEST NATIONAL GUARDSMEN.
OUR much esteemed contemporary, the Boston
Journal, commends as warmly as ourselves the
request of General Merritt for an increased
number of regular troops for the expedition to Man
ila, but not for the same reason as ourselves. It holds
that the regulars are more needed for the Philippine
than for 1 the Cuban expedition because, "generally
speaking, the best of the National Guardsmen are in
the East and are concentrating at Tampa. Troops
like our Massachusetts men are schooled and steady
enough to fill the place of regulars."
With regard to the West it says: "The National
Guardsmen of Washington, Oregon, California, Colo
rado and Utah are splendid material for an effective
army, but as yet they are 'in the rough.' They have
not the perfect equipment nor the opportunities for
drill and discipline of the militia of the old Eastern
States, and it is judicious policy on a great expedition
of this kind to stiffen them with a powerful nucleus of
the regular troops of the United States."
There is nothing in this serene assumption of the
superiority of Eastern volunteers over those of the
West to find fault with. When all the trumpets of the
nation are blowing blasts of war we must of course
permit Massachusetts to blow her own little trumpet
along with the rest. We quote the blast not to con
demn it, but to approve it. The rivalry in war be
tween the sections and the States of the Union will
be as generous as that in times of peace. These little
local patriotisms are feeders to the great stream of
national patriotism and help to rouse men to high
exertions by awakening a spirit of emulation among
the soldiers of every State in the glorious galaxy of
the Union.
Of course we who live in the West know that this
claim of a superior breed of guardsmen on the part
of the Bostonian is simply an illustration of the per
fection which can be attained in boasting by a strict de
votion to bean 3 and culture, but we are not going to
get angry on that account Massachusetts has no
climate to brag about, nor any prunes; her poets are
all dead, her magazines have gone to New York and
her mills are going South, her statesmen are back
numbers, her college professors are mugwumps, her
best girls come West to hunt husbands, her largest
pumpkins are not bigger than Californian strawber
ries, and there is nothing left her now that is suffi
ciently bright to inspire a boast of local loyalty except
the uniforms of her ancient and honorable artillery.
So with a large Californian tolerance we welcome
the sounding challenge of the Boston bugle and will
leave it for the hazards of war to determine what vol
unteers shall show themselves most steady when the
battle rages. For the present we content ourselves
with pointing out that when the President called for
volunteers from the National Guard the guardsmen
of California responded at once and there was never
an objection to the call. It was different in Massa
chusetts. It took the Governor of that State and his
officers a good long time to decide whether the Mas
sachusetts guard could go at all or not as members
of the Volunteer Army.
In the first movement of the war, therefore, it was
the West and not the East that furnished guardsmen
best fitted to act with the promptness and unques
tioning obedience of regulars. With that exception
the claim of the Journal is all right, and we are glad
to know that it approve? of General Merritt and has
confidence that when they are no longer "in the
rough" the Western volunteers will make a pretty
good army.
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENTS.
BY reason of the intense interest felt in the pre
parations for the invasion of Manila and in the
maneuvering of the hostile fleets in the West
Indies the people have but little attention to give to
the proceedings of Congress. In fact, if the • two
houses would arrange for a prompt enactment of the
war revenue bill the country would then be well sat
isfied to see an immediate adjournment, leaving all
other issues to be dealt with at the coming winter
session.
While waiting for the solution of the revenue con
troversy, however, both houses have been transacting
more or less business and have even ventured, by way
of pastime probably, to put forward two propositions
for amending the constitution. The House proposes
an amendment which will provide for the election of
Senators by direct vote of the people, and the Senate
proposes one fixing the date of future inaugurations
on May 4 instead of March 4.
Each of these proposals has been before the public
in one form or another for a long time, and has con
siderable support among the people. Neither of them,
however, is at all likely to be pushed to settlement at
this time. The amendment changing the system of
electing Senators would certainly precipitate a fierce
contest with the conservative element of the people,
and no party would care to enter upon such a conflict
at this juncture.
The proposed change in the time of inaugurating
the President is one which ought to receive general
support. The beginning of March is an unfit time
for carrying out the ceremony of installing a new
occupant of the White House and for making a new
departure in the administration of the Government.
Even this measure, however, will be confronted by so
much conservative opposition it is not likely to make
any progress at this session.
Had both houses devoted their energies to a single
one of the two propositions perhaps something
might have been accomplished in the direction of
procuring its enactment. As, however, the Senate
has made one proposal while the House has made
the other, neither of them can be considered as much
more than a side issue. The statesmen of the two
houses evidently regard constitutional amendment
debates as very good and safe means of killing time,
and each is sufficiently considerate of the other not
to venture upon its preserves and not to use any of its
ammunition.
Arrest of milkmen who sell an impure article ought
to continue until the last rascal of the lot is safely in
jail. To adulterate milk is a crime somewhat after the
style of poisoning a well.
Those Cubans who were to devastate the island
and drive the Spanish into the sea the moment Amer
ican support was sure seem to have changed their
minds.
One reason for not getting excited about the plot
to blow up the Oregon n,..; be found in the circum
stance that there probably was no such plot.
Since the war began somebody has always been
getting "bottled up," but only by the astute Dewey
has any occupied bottle been found.
Not much interest will be taken in the Spanish ac
count of the Manila fight. People are too busy now
to read fiction.
There are reasons for believing that the first shots
to reach the Spanish ships will catch them in the
stern,
A LETTER FROM MR. MAGUIRE.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 21, 1898.
Editor San Francisco Call— Sir: I have read with interest your recent edi
torial attacks on me. Their chief qualities are falsehood and malice, or per
haps a pretense of malice to cover some meaner motive. The attacks were
not unexpected, as I had had an intimation that, the Evening Post being dis
credited, The Call would be the bell-wether of the railroad newspaper flock. I
found ample corroboration of this in the long and consistent records of some
of the present guiding spirits of The Call as political henchmen of the South
ern Pacific Company, and was therefore quite ready to credit the suggestion.
While your attacks did not surprise me, I was surprised by your utter
and shameless disregard of truth. I did not hope that you would be re
strained from falsehood by the promptings of your rudimentary conscience,
but relied rather upon your appreciation of the commercial value of truthful
ness which, it is said, sometimes exerts a controlling influence even among
less reputable men. Without giving the matter much thought, I did believe
that the new management of The Call would, as a matter of business, keep up
some semblance of the former honor of that once exemplary journal. But
I have been disappointed. The Call, "sad relic of departed worth," has fallen
to a level of journalistic depravity lower than that occupied by the Evening
Post, although it is hard to imagine why Lucifer should want any servant or
any instrument baser than the Post.
I dislike to deal In invective, but some occasions require It. There are
some kinds of wickedness that cannot be properly handled with gloves, and
The Call's mendacity comes within that category.
In forming this judgment, I do not hold you responsible for falsehoods
into which you may have been led by excusable mistake, but only for such
falsehoods as must have been written willfully, maliciously and with the cor
rupt intention to deceive.
FALSEHOOD NO. 1.
In your issue of May 9 you say that I admitted having said that "the
seizure of Spanish merchant ships • * * • was no better than piracy.
That statement is a willful, deliberate, premeditated falsehood. You knew It
to be false when you wrote it. You had the conclusive written evidence of
its falsity before you when you wrote it and when you published it. Why
then did you write and publish it? You had a motive. Every willful, de
liberate, premeditated falsehood has a motive, and the motive is never good—
never honorable.
That what I said was a perfectly proper argument against the passage
of a retroactive law, which might have undesirable effects, is as clear as
language could make it. It is equally clear that my statement involved no
criticism of the conduct of our naval officers who simply did their duty in
Stopping the ships and taking them to port, leaving the question of their
confiscation or release to be decided by the courts in accordance with the
existing law.
Even the conscienceless Evening Post recognizes this plain difference be
tween the statement originally attributed to me and the actual statement as
set forh in my Examiner interview, although, of course, like the accursed
Giaour," it returns to its loathsome work of defamation.
which, perforce.
Must feed its livid, living corse."
You, however, not only repeat the original misstatement. but willfully
write and publish as an admission made by me, a manifestly false statement
of what I said concerning It. .
You take a word here and a phrase there from my Examiner interview
«nd putting them together, with corrupt and deceitful intent, form and pub
lish a sentence entirely different from mine and attribute it to me. mat
infamous method of distortion can be practiced upon the writing of any
man. It does not even require cleverness, but only a base instinct for mis
representation. .»»_«•.
There is a passage in the. XIV Psalm which reads: "The fool in his heart
hath said: 'There is no God.'" Following your journalistic principle I can
imagine Borne fool crying out: "The Bible is an atheistic book. It says:
'There is no God.' (Psalms XIV.)"
My statement was made in defense of the honor of our flag, against leg
islation which, it seemed to me, would be discrpditable. It invoiced no criti
cism of our naval officers, nor even of the abstract rectitude of the bill itself,
but it did in plain and strong terms point out the inexpediency of taking a
position in favor of the seizure and confiscation of private property at sea
contrary to the general practice and agreement of nearly all other great
nations* of the civilized world. That general practice of the nations is defined
and regulated in the treaty of Paris. Assuming, as some contended, that
\he treaty of Paris places unreasonable restrictions upon the right
of prize-taking in time of war; assuming, as some contended, that
it would not be unfair or improper to pass a retroactive law involving the
confiscation of ships taken before the declaration of war, I took the position
that it would be inexpedient to pass such a law, because it would place us be
fore thc< world in the false position to which I called attention.
I am well aware that your are not alone in. entertaining and upholding
the contrary opinion, but I believe that the great majority of our fellow
countrymen are in favor of having our Government maintain the moral
standard of the treaty of Paris in all that pertains to respect for private
rights and property in times of war.
President McKinley has taken this view of the matter and, by proclama
tion on April 26 regulated the seizure of prizes in accordance with the terms
of the treaty erf Paris. The effect of the retroactive clause of the act recog
nizing the existence of a state of war, being beyond his jurisdiction, must be
determined by the courts.
Lincoln, of whom it was said that his brow was:
Pv honesty annointed.
While Wisdom taught him all her nobjest plan,
declared that: "The duty of protecting the honor of our flag rests as strong
ly upon those who legislate for the nation as upon those who fight her bat
tles on land and sea," . ■■
Let us cover our flag with the glories of victory; let us honor the soldiers
and sailors who carry it to triumph through the storms of battle, but let
us never forget that its honor is as sacred as its glory. Let us preserve its
character in war as well as in peace, as the emblem of the highest earthly
standard of justice.
Let us see that no breath of pollution
Shall tarnish one star on its fold.
Before this controversy arose, on April 28, 1898, C. C. Carlton, The Call's
Washington representative, asked me for the statement which I had made
on the 25th, and, particularly, if my language had any reference to the con
duct of our naval officers. I gave him the desired information in the form
of a signed statement as he requested. In the course of that statement I com
pared the position of our naval officers in seizing the ships in question to
that of a Sheriff serving a warrant or writ of attachment, leaving the rights
of the parties interested to be determined by the proper courts. I also said
that my remarks had no reference to the conduct of our naval officers in tak
ing the ships.
Of course it did not serve yo-ur purpose to publish that statement. Even
such show of fairness seems to be contrary to the present policy of The Call
now "held in vassalage by the demon of falsehood."
So much for what, in legal parlance, may be denominated "Falsehood
FALSEHOOD NO. 2.
In your issue of May 6, referring to me, you say:
"In his speech at the Henry George memorial services In this city last
year he said: 'Great problems affecting mankind had remained unsolved
before the coming of Henry George. Before his day professors, philosophers
and publicists had proposed to cut the Gordian knot with pools of blood.' "
That statement is another willful and malicious falsehood. I ÜBed no such
language at the George memorial services nor elsewhere.
I did not say that professors, philosophers and publMs'o. or any of them,
had "proposed to cut the Gordian knot," or any knot whatever. I did not
say that anybody had "proposed to cut the Gordian knot with pools of blood."
I did nr.-t use the phrase "pools of blood" in the speech at all. What I did say
was that philosophers, statesmen, theologians and other scholars "having
failed to suggest a satisfactory remedy for the soeiaJ injustice admittedly pre
vailing throughout the civilized world, there were those who proposed to cut
the Gordian knot, and wipe out the injustice in a carnival of blood."
On that occasion my audience was made up principally of educated ladles
and gentlemen, all of whom would have been so shocked and humiliated by
such an exhibition of Illiteracy on my part that they could never have for
gotten the circumstance, had I used the language which you attribute to me.
It is not strange that a reporter should blunder in attempting, from hia
own imperfect notes, to condense a two column address into three squares
of news matter. Newspaper reports of speeches are fearfully and wonderfully
made. It frequently happens that one reporter will attend a meeting, take
such notes as his fancy may suggest, and furnish copies thereof to the repre
sentatives of other papers; who, in turn, write up reports of the meeting
each giving variety to his report according to the quality of his imagination
(.r judgment. That overworked and underpaid reporters should make such
inaccurate reports is not particularly discreditable to them, but that the editor
of a newspaper pretending to greatness should take such a report of an ad
dress as a basis of literary criticism of th«» speakpr, indicates a dishonesty
so infamous that its crimes against truth an-d justice are likely to be limitPd
only by its opportunities. eu
It is a favorite and often successful practice with political libelers tn
charge public men with illiteracy, when they think the victims are without
documentary evidence of their learning. The ignorance or learning ofth*
person assailed is quite immaterial to such libelers, as the purpose is not- tn
prove the truth, but, regardless of the truth, to cast discredit on the victim
Trou very natural y imagined that as I was raised on a farm and was
afterward a blacksmith's apprentice, you might easily persuade a consider
able number of people that my early education was seriously defoctfve The
groundwork of your scheme of defamation; in this behalf, was well planned
according to the mrst approved rules of the libeler's art but is is r w n«2 ♦
failure, through no fault on your part. I happen to have tolerihL ~ , .
evidence that I wa. more than ordinarily familiar Sh h '
clples of English grammar and rhetoric twenty-five yeaii aw in a J!"'""
to this. I have been 8 public speaker and writer for nearly twenty fivt
and I venutre to say that you cannot find any authentic SDeeoh nr ;, v, yG^ T3
livered or published by me that gives any evidence of he iSn' ?vS hßde"h Bde "
attribute to me. Ido not deal with this phase of your attlcT fn. ?h h you
of disproving my illiteracy, but rather for the puri os e of camnV J Purpose
attention to the utter unscrupulousness of my calumniator 6 speciflc
FALSEHO OD NO. 3.
In your issue of May 9, speaking of my relation to the Democrats no t,
you say: "In. the campaign of 1888 there is no trace of him "SlvS
be very important, as a mere matter of fact, but it is false »n^^
deemed it sufficiently important for publication perhaps I mlv l nd as yo "
for denying it. While the fac* is not of itself important hTtL Z e * cused
cernlng it is important. important, t he falsehood con-
You either knew that the statement was false or yon Via^i „ 1 ,
on the subject upon which any conscientious man wouM ave^maTe" thf
statement. • You may. take either horn of the dilemma" You eithe^ublished
the false statement willfully, knowing it to be false, or you published reck
lessly without knowledge, upon ; the prompting of an abandoned I and maligl
In the campaign of 1888 I stumped a considerable porti n of the Stf^e of
California for the Democratic ticket under the auspices of the Democratic
State Central Committee. You ask why I changed my purpose in t hi? behalf
between the 27th of January, IRB7, and the campaign of 1888* I answer be
cause the Democratic party made a very material change in its position and
platform during that period— a change from opportunism to principle— that
was the sole cause of its defeat in 1888, but that carried it to victory in 189'
After the adoption of the Democratic National Platform of ISBB I an
nounced my determination to support the Democratic ticket tendering my
services to the Democratic State Central Committee, and they were accepted
Here let me say that my allegiance to the Democratic paity is not based
upon its traditions, but upon the principles of democracy, for which more
than ever since the days of Jefferson, the Democratic party now stands.
In your issue of May 9, referring to me, you Bay: "In 1800 the Demo
cratic party meantime not having changed its principles or professions, the
FALSEHOOD NO. 4.
Judge was back In the organization."
This is probably a very harmless false
hood, but it is false, and it is difficult to
imagine that you can have been so dense
ly ignorant as to believe it true. Do you
really believe that the Democratic party
did not make a material change in its
professions or purposes betmju
January, ISS7, and July, lff»n?
Hundreds of thousands of IK'n
left the Democratic party and *ent
over to the Republican party in 1888, on
account of the Democratic National plat
form of that year, and a less number, but
still hundreds of thousands of Republi
cans came over to the Democratic party
on account of the same platform; yet,
with a sublime audacity, which brooks
no restraint of conscience, you assert that
there was no change in the professions of
the Democratic party during that period.
That part«bf your article must have been
written to influence a very stupid and
very ignorant class of Call readers. If
you believed your own statement, in thi*
behalf, you must indeed Lave secured your
present position like the Right Honoraliio
Sir Joseph Porter, K. C. 8., through your
persistent avoidance of tTie manly ha^t
of thinking.
You may remember the thrilling narra
tive of Sir Joseph's promotion:
"I thought so iiuie they r<"wafse<J Rio,
By making me the ruler of the Queen s
navee."
Should it be desirable to immortalize your
present dignity in song, a little moa;;i
cation of ttfese lines of "Pinafore' might
serve the purpose. You might well sing:
"I thought so little they rewarded me.
And now I am editing The Call, as you
see."
FALSEHOOD NO. 5.
In your issue of May !», referring to me,
you say: "As chairman of the Metropoli
tan Temple meeting he sustained the
Buckley organization, which he denounced
in 1887."
That sentence contains two distinct
falsehoods. I was not chairman of the
Metropolitan Temple meeting to which
you refer and I did not sustain the Buik
ley organization.
I was present at the meeting in q>:
as a member of the general committee,
which was established by the r<
who drove Buckley and Rainey from their
control of the Democratic munlcipa
ganizatlon in 1892. The pending proposi
tion was to disband that general commit-
I opposed disbandment on tv >
grounds: First, that the method
pursued was irregular and undemoi r
and, secondly, that the disbandment :
the committt ■« would restore Rainey to
the control of the Democratic party or
ganization in San Francisco. The contest
was between the old general committ- ■.->.
and the committee which had held sway
during the last two years. Many i
with some reason, feared that this
committee might be dominated by Raine> ,
but your designation of the old commit
tee as a "Buckley organization' accords
fairly with your recklessness of state
ment in other matters. That committee,
or, more accurately speaking, the organ
izers of that committee, had <*r»ren Buck
lev from power and the hostility of that
committee had kept him out of San Fran
cisco politics for four years before the
date of the meeting in question.
If yOUv OU base your statement upon tno
fact that a number of Democrats
prior to 1592, acted with Buckley i 3
Democratic municipal organization, were
with me. opposed to disbanding _ the old
committee, that fact affords no basis for
your .statement. An appeal to that fa< t
begs the whole question. If it was wrong
to disband the old committee should I
vote for that wrong simply because a few
of Mr Buckley's former associates were
In favor of the right course? Certainly
no sensible man will make that claim.
Your suggestion that I had denounced
their former organization and its prac
tices is quite true, but it does not fol
low that my feeling of hostility should
extend to the individuals so as to preju
dice me against them in their subsequent
Bffort to do what I believed to be right.
Early in life I learned that splendid
-hriptian motto: "Lord teach my soul
o hate the Bin and yet the sinner love.
[ have tried to apply that rule in all my
relations with my fellow-men. If. there
fore, you shall repent and return to ways
r,t righteousness I will probably say to
you, in all sincerity: "Misguided man,
'go thy way and sin no more, and thou
&alt be rewarded even with my affec-
tiOn '' THE LETTER OF IST.
You have rescued one of my letter from
the shades of oblivion and have shaken
from It the dust of eleven years. I trust
you may find it worth the spare you have
given o"t it. It is an interesting relic of
that period of opportunism which the
Democratic party has lons since out
grown. I have nothing now to say about
the 1. tter except that it represented my
sentiments when it was written. If you
are determined to fiine your bubbling
venom over the flowers of my thought, so
be it:
"TVhat is writ is writ—
"Would it were worthier.'
Republish what you will of all that I
have really f=aid and written. All I ask
is that you shall not distort it nor fals
ify it. . A 1
I will not defend it as the perfection of
wisdom nor as the perfection of knowl
edge, but of all that 1 have said and of
all that I have written I do affirm that it
represented my honest thoujrnt at the
time of its utterance.
You may think, and the public may at
first think, that I have given too much,
attention to you In this letter, but a long .
experience has convinced me that ono I
cannot give too much attention to a yen- i
omous serpent until he has extracted it 3 I
fanss. When I have satisfactorily per
formed that operation in ytnir case you
will be permitted, in your fangless im
potence, to hiss and squirm and coll and
strike to your heart's content without
further notice from me. Respectfully,
JAMES G. MAGUIRE.
THE MALIGNANT MAGUIRE
That the shafts of Th? Call have been
sufficiently sharp and penetrating to
pierce the thick skin of Congressman
Maguire is made evident by the letter
from him which we publish this morn
ing. The hissing discharge of his bit
terest venom shows that he has felt the
keen point of the criticisms on hia
course and wr'thes under it.
Mr. Maguire doubtless thought that
his letter would be thrown by us into
the waste basket. He will be disap
pointed when he sees it this morning,
and his friends will regret that he wrote
it. The Call is a newspaper that never
suppresses either events or documents
of current interest, and this letter is
certainly interesting. It clearly reveals
what manner of man the writer is, and
it is well that the pubic should have
that knowledge.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b -it Townsend's.*
Enjoy a pleasant day t--day at St.
Rose's picnic at Sholl Mound.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men ™
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen B>, HO Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main IQ4<!.
Alexandria pomettefl the largest arti
ficial harbor in the world.
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
A personally conducted excursion will leave
this city July 12 for the Yellowstone Park, via
the "Shasta Route" and Northern Pacific Rail
way. Tourists will be accommodated in first
class Pullman cars; tickets will be sold, in
cluding berths, meals and trip through the
Park. Send for circular giving rate and itiner
ary to T. K. STATELER, General Agent
Northern Pacific Railway, 63$ Market St., S. F.
; » ♦ « — —
Excursion to Grand Canyon of tha
Colorado.
A select party of educators and scientists
will louve San Francisco Monday, June 6, for
the Grand Canyon of the Colorado, in charge
of Professor Emory Smith of Palo Alto. Very
low rates have been made and a pleasant and
profitable trip is assured. Full particulars at
Santa Fe Office. 644 Market street.
» m ■
Cut Rates via Santa Fe Route.
On and after June 5, until further notice,
second-class rates will be as follows: Kansas
City and Omaha, $31; St. Louis, $37; Chicago,
$32 50. Through palace and tourist sleeping
cars every day. Full particulars at Santa F«
Ticket Office, 644 Market st.
"Mrs. Win&low's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions ot
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the rums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulate* the Bowels and is tha best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes, For sale by Druggist* In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 260 a bottle.MERRITT TAKES CHARGE TO-DAY
MAJOR GENERAL, WESLEY MER
HITT, commander of the Ma
nila expeditionary force and Gov
• ernor General of the Philippines,
will move his headquarters from
• Palace Hotel to the Phelan building
i >-day.
lie and his staff will occupy the rooms
aye been the headquarters of Briga
dier General Elwell S. Otis, who will, this
morning, move with his staff to Camp
iond, where tented headquarters
been prepared for him.
Genera! Merritt will Issue an order to
day formally announcing that he has
taken command of tho Philippine forces
and expeditions.
GET WARM FOOD.
A Red Cross Meal Causes Vet-
erans From New Orleans
to Give Cheers.
Two regiments of United States infan
try, the Eighteenth and Twenty-third, ar
rived from New Orleans yesterday and
went into quarters close to General Otis'
h. -idQuartera at Camp Richmond.
i umpany A of the Battalion of Engi
numbering sixty men, in charge of
First Lieutenant C. P. Echols and Second
Lieutenant W. P. Connor, also arrived,
coming direct from Willits Point, New
York.
With the arrival of these troops all the
available space in the old Bay District
track, with the exception of two squares
immediately east and south of General
Otis' headquarters, are occupied by
troops. Tho • reservation of these two
blocks, while the First Montana has been
cTned to a. location north of Point Lo-
UU-. avenue, three blocks distant from the
main camp, and the two regiments from
the Dakotas will also go there, indicate
that more regulars are expected here in
the near future, though, so far as known,
none have been ordered to this point,
with the exception of the headquarters
and four troops of the Fourth Cavalry.
As these will in all probability be quar
tered at the Presidio, the chances are
that at least two more regiments of in
fantrj will be ordered here in the imme
diate future.
The Twenty-third Infantry, eight com
panies was the first to arrive, landing at
the Market street ferry at 11 "a. m. It
would not be just to compare them with
volunteers, but somehow even the women,
when they saw the men marching off the
boat, exclaimed:' "Those must be regu
lars!"•
Pt-rhaps the completeness of their out-
Jits aided somewhat in their recognition,
but that soldierly bearing that can only
bo acquired by long experience, was their
most distinctive feature. Even • the re
cruits—and there were many of them —
bore themselves differently from their
volunteer comrades who a month ago
v ere occupied on the farm, at the bench.
or in the office.
Bronzed by the Southern sun, under
■tthieh the regiment has been stationed for
eoine years, the men are a fine looking
k>t. Quickly they stacked their arms on
the dock and then marched into the head
quarters of the Red Cross Society with
tne determination to not leave anything
In the way of edibles for those who were
to follow. The ladies had been given am
ple notice of their coming, however, and
were fully prepared. Hot meat stew, cof
fee, sandwiches, bread and butter, fruits
and pastries of all kinds were heaped be
fore them, and officers and men were not
slow In getting down to work.
'•Have we done it?" asked a young lieu
tenant of a surpassingly pretty girl who
had kept his plate filled for half an -hour
spite his best efforts. As he spoke he
glanced around the big room and saw
the others fairly gasping from their ex
ertions, and all had called a halt.
"Done what?" asked tho pretty girl,
with a puzzled air.
• Eaten up everything from the Eight
eenth," replied the officer. "You see, re
ports of the work of you ladies reached
us on the road, and as we have a good
healthy lot of feeders in our regiment
and were ahead of the Eighteenth we i
thought we'd play a joke on the others |
by causing a famine in the Red Cross
Society betore they got here."
"Oh. is that it? Well, we're willing,
but you'll have to start in again, for you
* haven't began to reach the limit, of our
supplies yet. Have some more of tht
Btew, won't you?"
"No, 1 can't; really, I'm disappointed,
but I'll have to call it off. and 1 guess
the others will, too, judging by their ap
pearance."
The members of the Twenty-third were
disappointed at the failure of their joke,
but they were profoundly grateful to
their entertainers, who had supplied
th'«n w.th the first warm meal they had
eaten since they left New Orleans. After
the regimental band had played several
selections U.e entire command joined in
three enters -for the Red Cross Society,
: which -were repeated again and again.
Then they marched out to where their
arms and accoutrements had been stack
ed and were Boon on their way up Mar
ket F'ireet to camp, cheered by thousands
of people along the- route. *
The orncers on duty with the regiment
are as follows: Colonel, Samuel Over-
lieutenant-colonel, J. W. French;
assistant surgeon. Captain J. B. Clayton;
adjutant. First Lieutenant C. B. Haga
dorn; quartermaster. First Lieutenant
W. EL Sage; commissary, First Lieuten
ant T. F. Schley. Lieutenant Schley Is a
: on of the commodore in command of the
rlying squadron and was promoted from
second lieutenant last Saturday. :
Company Captain. G. A. Goodale;
second lieutenant. G. A. Goodale Jr.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33 and 38.
222-224 SUTTER STREET.
SPECIAL
Monday— Tuesday —Wednesday
Seasonable goods for the
picnic and outing time.
BUTTER, choicest creamery, reg-
ularly 45c square 35c
PUREE DE FOIE GRAS, fine for
sandwiches, regularly 25c tin.. tin 2Oc
BOUILLON CAPSULES, Anker's.
A capsule dissolved in boiling
water makes a cupful of deli-
cious beef tea instantly; regu-
larly 30c— box of ten box 25c
MUSHROOMS, regularly, F. Le-
court brand, 25c tin; La Bor-
dier, 20c tin— now 1 r>c and 2Oc
HICKORY NUTS, regularly 15c
pound— now . ..3 It>s 25c
MAPLE SUGAR, new crop, very
fine, regularly 15c Ito ft>l2 1-2 c
SARDINES, Imported French, in
fine Olive oil, % tins, regular-
ly 12 V>c tin 3 for 25c
O. K. BOURBON WHISKY, the
old reliable, regularly $1 and $4..
3 botsB2
Gallon $3
10c STRAIGHT SIZE.
CALLE DE ORO, CLEAR HAVANA,
Better value than most 12% cigars.
Send for catalogue.
Goods packed and shipped free 100
miles.
;■*££& piii^i
way's Ready Relief for Spalnn, BruUw,
Bor* MubCle*. Cramp», Hums, Sunburn., Back-
ache, Hfadacho, Toothßchn. Rheumatism. Neu-
ulif'u. 1-umba*©. Internally for - all Bowel
Pains, Colio, Diarrhoea, Dysentery, Cholera
Mui-Jjuu and Biekne>E», Naus«i»- etc. All dru»-
■MM.
Company B— First Lieutenant R. R.
Stevens.
Company Captain, W. A. Nlcholls;
lirst lieutenant, E. P. Pendleton; second
lieutenant, F. W. Kobbe.
Company Captain. Lea Feblger; first
•lieutenant, ts. E. Morse; second lieuten
ant, C. E. Hampton.
Company E— Captain, E. B. Pratt; sec
ond lieutenants, Thomas Franklin and J.
M. Wheeler.
Company F— Captain, J. R. Clagett; first
lieutenant, J. R. M. Taylor; second lieu
tenant, — Kerth.
Company G— Captain, E. B. Bolton; sec
ond lieutenant, F. G. Stritzinger.
Company H— Captain, Stephen O'Con
nor; second lieutenant, H. G. Cole.
While the Twenty-third Infantry was at
breakfast, the company of engi
neers arrived and waited for a chance at
the tables. Their turn soon came, and
they made glad the hearts of the ladies
by their enthusiastic onslaught on the
commissariat. This company will proceed
to Manila with the second expedition for
the purpose of rebuilding the fortifica
tions at Cavite and Corrigidor and min
ing the entrance to the harbor as a safe
guard against an attack by Spanish war
ships.
The Eighteenth Infantry cam© In shortly
after noon and were bountifully provided
for as their predecessors had been, and
again the huge ferry building rang with
cheers for the Red Cross Society. The
ladies seemed to take particular pleasure
in showering attentions upon the regu
lars, and their favors were as keenly ap
preciated as they have been by any of the
volunteers.
Like the Twenty-third, the Eighteenth
Infantry is composed of eight companies,
averaging seventy men each, Several
hundred recruits will arrive from the
East in a few days when the two skeleton
companies in each regiment will be filled,
and two new companies organized, mak
ing them twelve company regiments. The
officers of the Eighteenth are as follows:
Colonel, D. D. Van Valzah; lieutenant
colonel, C. M. Bailey; major, Charles Kel
lar; assistant surgeon, ■ Captain Crosby;
adjutant. First Lieutenant F. D. Evans;
quartermaster. First Lieutenant T. W.
Griffith.
Company A— Captain, R. F. Bates; first
lieutenant, H. J. Hirsch; second lieuten
ant, W. F. Grote.
Company — Captain, C. R. Paul; first
lieutenant, G. W. Martin; second lieuten
ant, J. H. Lazelle.
Company C— Captain, O. B. Warwick;
second lieutenant, P. Whitworth.
Company D— Captain. C. B. Hinton; first
lieutenant, E. A. Lewis.
Company — Captain, W. B. Wheeler;
first lieutenant, E. E. Hatch; second lieu
tenant, A. S. Brookes.
Company F— Captain, C. H. Potter; sec
ond lieutenants, F. C. Bowles and M.
Baldwin.
Company G — Captain. W. T. Wood; sec
ond lieutenants, \V. S. Mcßroom and H.
B. Flak.
Company H— Captain, C. L, Steele.
The regiment started for the camp at
2 p. m., escorting the engineers, and In
a surprisingly short time after their bag
gage arrived all the regulars were snugly
under canvas.
SOLDIERS WILL PAY FARE.
Why Men at the Presidio De
cline the Union Street
Road's Offer.
There Is not a man In San Francisco
so thoroughly enthused over the good
work of the Red Cross Society as J. B.
Stetson, the millionaire merchant and
street railway magnate. Day after day
he spends many hours at the headquarters
at the ferry depot, cheering the ladies, the
arriving troops, the bands, and in fact
everybody and everything. Every time a
shout goes up Mr. Stetson's voice is
pitched above all the others; whenever
there is a waving of hats the shining
silk tile that adorns the merchant's head
swings higher and more frantically than
the rest.
And the California street cable road
waxes fatter each day on the scanty
nickels of the boys in blue.
Perhaps it is not Mr. Stetson's fault
that this condition still exists, but it does
exist, and the men at the Presidio, as I
shown by the following statement, are
loth to accept the generous offer of the
Union street line, while its ally reaps all
the profit.
The Union street road and the Hyde
street branch of the California street line
exchange transfers, and the only way by
which the men at the Presidio can reach
the center of the city is to transfer at
Union and Hyde to the California street
line.
The Union street road has issued an or
der that all soldiers in uniform shall rive
free, but of course it does not issue |
transfers to its connections. When the j
men board the Hyde street car they must
pay full fare and as they object to that
road receiving all the money at the ex
pense of the Union street line, they will
insist upon paying fare upon that road
until the other gives them permission to
ride free. When fare is paid and a trans
fer given, each road receives. 2% cents.
The communication- calling attention to
this condition is as follows:
Presidio, San Francisco, Hay 29.
To the Editor of The Call-Sir: On behalf
of the enlisted men stationed at this post,
regulars and volunteers. I wish to state that
while we are profoundly grateful to the Pre
sidio and Ferries Cable Company for having
extended to us the privilege of riding free on
Us cars, we feel that under the present condi
tions we would be doing it a great injustice to
accept its offer. Our only means of reaching
Market street is by that line to Hyde street
and transferring to the California street
tern, which lands us at O'Farrell and Mar-
Ret
At present we are charged full fare on the
latter road, after riding free on the Union
street line, and as the boys do not care to
have one company take it all, we shall Insist
upon paying our fare on the Union street cars
The men in the regular service do not mind
this but it is hard on the volunteers, who
have received no pay yet and in consequence
most of them are "broke." Those men have
never seen the objects of interest in San Fran
cisco and they could spend their leisure hours
in sight-seeing were they enabled to get down
town but as it is they must either walk or
remain close within their quarters.
Trusting that upon having its attention call
ed to this matter the California street company
will follow the example of the Union street
line at least =o far as the volunteers are con
corned, I am. respectfully. & MQRRKLI ,
Private, Battery I. Third U. S. Artillery.
SERVICES IN CAMP.
It Was Chaplain's Day Among
the Encamped Soldiers.
San Francisco went out to Camp Rich
mond yesterday. The thousands of vis
itors battled with great disadvantage
against the. wind and du.st. Despite this,
however, numberless curious and eager
people passed continuously through the
various camps.
The Sabbath was observed in nearly
all of the different regimental camps, and
in those in which no services were held
the soldiers were permitted to go to
church or to attend the service In some
neighboring camp. In the Seventh the
chaplain, Captain Clark, held service at
10 a. m. The companies were marched
into the regimental street, "where a short
service was read to them. The band
played "My Country. "Tis of Thee," and
the men sanj.. Chaplain Clark preached
from Proverbs, lv:2S, "Keep thy heart
with all diligence, for out of it are the
issues of life." He referred to the death
of Private Pruett, who died last week of
pneumonia, and alluded to Memorial day
and the heroic patriotism that its exer
cises commemorate. .__-_:.
Father Yorke, assisted by Father Mac-
Donald, held s< rvict-s in a tent erected at
the southeast corner of the Kansas camp
by the Sisters of the Holy Fair. The
League of the Cross Cadet Band ren
dered the music. Services were held in
the camp of the First Colorado by
Chaplain Fleming, and also in the First
Nebraska by Chaplain Moilly. The men
of the latter regiment were excused from
noon until retreat by Colonel Bratt, and
the boys all took advantage of the op
portunity to visit the various points of
interest about the camp.
The Kansas Regiment yesterday re
ceived a large amount of supplies from
the quartermaster's department, includ
ing shoes, shirts, socks and underwear.
The rustruments for the band have also
been purchased with the donations by
generous Kansas citizens and yesterday
the band played for the first time. Only
two cases of measles were reported yes
terday in the regiment, and these were
nuickiy quarantined.
Tnero art some cases of. measles in tn«
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 30, 1898.
fHE BRIGADE HOSPITAL AT CAMP RICHMOND.
Idaho x Attallon, but none of the men are
seriously sick.
Colonel Hawkins of the Tenth Penn
sylvania was notified yesterday of the
death of Private Collins of D Company.
Collins died at Mount Gretna, in Penn
sylvania. He contracted pneumonia when
th< regiment was encamped at Lebanon.
Private Mush, X Company, of the same
regiment, was taken to the French Hos
pital yesterday. He is ill with typhoid
fever.
The Thirteenth Minnesota received
some ordnance and other supplies yes
terday. There were reported two cbhwm
of measles In the regiment.
The Seventh Regiment also received its
ordnance and ammunition yesterday. The
regiment is now~completely equipped and
Colonel Berry is rr pared for Held ser
vice at a moments notice.
The Union League Club has extended
to all the commissioned officers of Camp
Richmond the courtesy of the club.
The concert by the band of the First
Colorado yesterday afternoon drew a
large crowd. National and sacred airs
were beautifully rendered.
MORAL FORCES ALERT.
The Christian Endeavor Union
Begins Good Work in
Camp.
The Christian Endeavorers have found
large numbers of their members among
the various Eastern regiments of volun
teers now at Camp Richmond. In one
of the Kansas companies forty out of the
eighty-three men belong to the organiza
tion and have formed a Christian En
deavor Society of their own. One of the
Minneapolis companies has thirteen young
men from one small Baptist church of
that city, headed by Sidney Pratt, sou
of Mayor Pratt of that city.
The California State Union has seized
the opportunity to institute a system of
reading and writing rooms in the camp,
where the men, regardless of religion,
(•reed or color, may gather to read or
write letters home. These tents are fur
nished with pen, ink, pencils, paper and
envelopes to be used free of charge, and
keep a supply of stamps and postal cards
on hand for sale.
General Merritt and General Otis have
sanctioned the plan and allowed space
in each regiment for the erection of tents.
The work is In direct charge of Misn Min
dora L. Berry. State superintendent of
missions, and she is ably assisted by a
large corps of workers from Golden Gate
Christian Endeavor Union. During the
day ladies will be in charge of the tents.
The tents may aIBO be used at certain
times for praise services if a desire is
expressed by the men for such at any
time.
The general headquarters have been es
tablished in the tt-nt of the Kanßas Regi
ment, but Monday will be transferred to
Scott & McCloud's warehouse, where the
citizens of San Francisco may send all
the reading matter they have at hand,
and it will be distributed from time to
time in the various regiments as needed.
There is a large demand for reading mat
ter by the ,90«W men now in camp, and it
will take large quantities to rill the de
mand.
The expense of this work will be con
siderable, but the State Union feels that
the demand is one not to be overlooked,
and the officers have no doubt but that
the local members and societies will give
freely to the work. A call will be issued
next week for contributions to be sent
to Miss Berry at 7«uA Harrison street.
Mrs. C. S. Wright has issued a call for
a mass meeting of Christian mothers, to
be held in the Endeavor headquarters
Tuesday at 2 p. m., to assist the young
people in their good work. The older
members of all the city churches are in
vited to attend and see the need and ap
preciation of the soldier boys for all of
the efforts being put forth in their behalf
by the citizens of California.
One of the surprising features of the
big army camp being established in the
city is the inability of book concerns to
supply the demands for cheap editions of
the New Testament. The demand has
been simply enormous. Not only in the
city, but from all over the State orders
are pouring in from dealers who have
numerous calls which they cannot supply.
At present it is said there are none to be
had in San Francisco.
The greater demand for these Testa
ments comes from the makers of the com
fort bags, as each of these has a Testa
ment along with the other useful articles,
and the cheap edition is desired, as they
take up less room and can be carried in
any pocket without the least inconveni
ence.
THE FIELD HOSPITAL.
Every Comfort and Attention
Provided for the Sick.
To-day will see the completion of the
big field hospital of Camp Richmond, and
it is about as nearly complete as any
field hospital can possibly be. The loca
tion is somewhat removed from the camp
proper, but there will be every facility
for attenumg to the sick. The hospital
is located just west of the Montana Regi
ment and is bounded by Point Loboa,
Jordan, Michigan and California avenues.
The hospital covers an entire square and
for the present it will be under the
charge of Captain Owen and Lieutenant
Page. U. S. A.
It has three large double hospital tents,
facing on Point Lobos avenue, that are
capable of accommodating forty men. To
the west of these is the chief steward's
tent, while to the east on Point Lobos
avenue is erected the medical officers'
headquarters. In the middle of the field
are the large conical tents that will hold
twenty men. There are fifteen of these
and they will be used for the lees serious
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children,
Thefio- sf __^ ,
elalla /y //*j, _ ■"* tow
Blgaatura A/^ jJ>(/ f &-?-#- ?■ eTn^
cases. On Jordan avenue Is the Isolation
tent for contagious cases, while two tents
have also been erected near this one to
be used for the measle cases, of which
there are now quite a number In the
camp.
The field hospital is well drained and
has an abundant supply of fresh water.
It Is well located with a view of drain
age and protection from tl» afternoon
wlndp, being protected largely by the
Geary-street cable shops. There will be
a detail of stewards from each regiment
to assist the Burgeons and no visitors will
be allowed access to the field.
SOLDIERS TO PARADE.
Seventh California and First
Colorado in Line To-day.
The Seventh California and First Col
orado Regiments will to-day participate
in tho Memorial day exercises. Colonels
Berry and Hale yesterday received the
following order:
Pursuant to the request of the Memorial
Day committee of the Grand Army of the
Republic, the First Colorado and Seventh Cali
fornia Regiments of the United States Volun
teers are directed to participate in the con
templated Memorial Day parade in this city
on Monday next, the 30th instant. The First
Colorado, Colonel Irving Hale commanding,
will report with his regiment at the Palace
Hotel on Market street at 9:30 a. m. of that
'.ay, when the necessary Instructions as to
place In line and route of march will be given.
The Seventh California, Colonel John R. Ber
ry commanding, , will form on Central avenue
and escort the members of General George H.
Thomas Post to the cemetery grounds. Time
of formation and line of march wni»ei.-nJonn
to requests already made by that post and
which have been duly communicated to him.
In accordance with the further request of
the same committee. Captain Richard W.
Young, commanding. the Utah regiment of light
artillery will fire a salute of twenty-one min
ute guns from or near the grounds where his
command Is encamped, between the hours of
11 a. m. and 1" o'clock p. m. On Monday next—
the definite time for firing the first gun will
be communicated to him by an officer con
nected ■ with the parade formation. By com
mand (ft Major General Otis.
'> . ■■ - THOMAS H. BARRY.
• --< , Assistant Adjutant General.
She other commands will not turn out
unless ordered to do so, although all of
them are willing to do honor to the na
tion's dead. The parade will form at the
Presidio gate on Central avenue and the
Seventh Regiment will leave camp at 9
o'clock.
CANNOT TELL. THE TRUTH.
The Examiner Taken to Task
by Utah Artillerists for Pub-
lishing a Yellow Fake.
The yellow Journal is at it again. After
publishing a blood-curdling fake on Sat
urday morning regarding the poisoning
of men in the First Nebraska Regiment,
yesterday it published an article regard
ing the distribution of a company fund
in the Light Utah Battalion in which the
facts were so distorted that the officers
and men of the battery are placed in the
position of being at loggerhends over th<>
division of the company fund, the men
mutinous, ill treated and half starved,
and the officers painted as unsympa
thetic and merciless autocrats.
The facts in the case are as follows:
The battalion left Salt Lake City with
a purse of $SOO raised by a committee for
the benefit of the men enlisted from that
city and county. Captains Young- and
Grant were empowered by the committee
to distribute the money equally among
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
0000000000000000000000000000000000000
o - ;\ • _.- : .; .•-.■ . o
I BRAIN, BRAWN and VITALITY !
o These Are the Elements Given to Weak Men by That Won- . ©
® derful Nerve Builder, Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. £
O There is nothing so strengthening, nothing so invigorating, nothing O
O that builds up vital * force and energy like : Dr. Sanden's Electric ; Belt. '■; O
rt Every day brings fresh proof of its power. Its touch is the touch of q
!: Magnetism, the healthful essence of vitality, that makes men strong Q
° and vigorous • If you are suffering from weakness of whatever nature,
O write for Dr. Sanden's book, "Three Classes of i Men," which will be • sent , "
O SEALED free, by . mail" to ? any address; H; Don't put it off ; - act to-day. > O
q There is nothing more important than your i health. Call or address, o
g SANDEN ELECTRIC CO. *~]j ,p ORTANT0 RTANT NOTICE * °
q 702 Market Street, Corner Ge»ry, San Franolseo. j '"" U l l l m^l II "1'" v o
O office hours— 9 a. m. to Bp. m.: Hunaay»,:io Dr. Candon's offices ;■..©
n to 1. - Braneheß at Ixdb Angehw Cal.. £MV4t:outh ere now at 702 Market O
O Broadway: Tortltind, Or., 263 Washington at. ; Btreet correr Geary, ft
O Denver Colo.. 981 Sixteenth at.; Dalla», Tex., Btreet, corr.er i*emy, q
q'- 285 Main St. :■■ ;...-•..■ .'■ ,_,; ■ ■-,-■■■■ } *— — — — — ;-*;:O
o oooooooooooooooooooobo oop 0000 o o
the two batteries for such men as it was
Intended. Saturday, at the suggestion of
Captain Young, the men held a meeting.
The captain submitted the proposition
that the money should be used as a com
pany fund and kept for cases of emer
gency, and that such men as were not
beneficiaries of the purse under the reso
lution of the committee should at the
next two pay days put in their pro rata
amount and all have an equal share in
the purse. The men. after considering
Captain Young's proposal, stated that
they would like to borrow the entire
purso and pay it back out of their money
at tho next two pay days. This Captain
Young refused to consider, as he was
empowered to disburse the purse as he
thought best, and he thought the men
would spend it for articles they really did
not need, and that the batteries would
be without funds when they left here.
However, he gave each man in his
company $3, and Captain Grant distrib
uted $2 among his men. There is no dis
satisfaction among the men and they are
well ted and have plenty of fresh meat.
This statement is made by The Call at
the request of Captains Young and Grant,
who desire that the truth may be known.
CALIFORNIA RANGERS.
The First Battalion Drilled and
Inspected on Van Ness
Avenue.
The Firßt Battalion of the California
Rangers was put through a number of
evolutions on Van Ness avenue yesterday
afternoon, and considering the fact that
they have Just been organized, they made
a most creditable showing. They are a
fine body of men and have been selected
for their horsemanship and marksman
ship. The four companies are In com
mand respectively of Captains Waller,
Lewis, Lockhart and Ross. After being
put through their evolutions they were in
spected by General Hart and Colonel
George W. Fox.
The "Second Battalion has Its headquar
ters at Healdsburg and the Third Bat
talion at San Luis Obispo. The regiment
could be mustered In for service in five
days, and as it has been recommended by
the California delegation General Hart
expects to receive orders from Washing
ton this week to have the regiment in
readiness for active service.
The Rangers will be really mounted
riflemen, and an effort will bo made to
haye them armed with the Lee rifle. They
will be serviceable as cavalry, artillery or
Infantry. Each company will consist of
1W men. Colonel Fox and most of the
officers of. the regiment have seen service
In the civil war.
A COLORADO KICK.
Yellow Journalism Gets That
. Regiment Mixed Up With
the Minnesotans.
The Editor of The Call: The Examiner
of Saturday morning stated that the Min
nesota Regiment would give a dress pa
rade that evening, the first ceremony of
the kind to be held In camp. This morn
ing it said "the dress parade of the Min
nesota Regiment was the feature of the
day," and highly praised the appearance
of the troops and execution of the move
ments and manual. The above state
ments are correct and very satisfactory
except that the word "Colorado* should
be substituted for "Minnesota, and it
should be explained that Instead of be
ing the first parade in camp It was merely
the regular parade given daily by the
Colorado Regiment since its arrival.
We are here for work, and not especi
ally seeking newspaper notoriety, but as
the Examiner saw fit to speak in such
complimentary terms of our parade, we
would like to have the above correction
made as a matter of justice and lnfor
.nation to the P^ bKAJ3Q pRIVATB .
War Incidents.
Major Choate. surgeon of the Seventh
California Regiment, was besieged by a
f callers yesterday, whom he enter
tained most delightfully in his quarters.
Among them was Mrs. Joseph Wolf skill
and her daughter, accompanied by the
Iflsaefl Talbott, Uutte Mont. Mrs. Wolfs
kin Ys from Los Angeles, where she holds
full sway in the social circles of that city,
and where her daughter is recognized as
one of the reigning belles.
With their usual patriotism and gener
osity, the ladies of the Hebrew Sewing
Society have espoused the cause of the
"boys in blue." and will meet on Tues
day and Wednesday, at Saratoga Hall,
and devote those entire days to the mak
ing of caps and bandages. The ladies
have unlimited material on hand and ex
pect to turn out many dozens of the need-
Axapanoe Tribe of the Improved Order
of Red Men has decided to pay the tribal
dues and assessments in the endowment
fund of any of its members who have
K one to the war or who may enlist. The
Improved Order of Red Men in this city
will establish a free reading room at
< '; inn Richmond for the benefit of the
volunteers, and the members of Arapa
hoe Tribe are taking an active part in
Union Council of the National Union,
at its meeting last Friday night, donated
$lv to the Red Cross Society, and the
membership was informed that any one
of the council going to the front will be
maintained in good standing while in the
service of the United States.
Excelsior Circle of the Companions of
the Forest of America on last Saturday
visited Camp Richmond and distributed
a large amount of food to the soldiers.
Mrs Julia Wishman. the chief compan
ion of the circle, distributed about fifty
pouches of tobacco, which the majority
of recipients appreciated much more than
pies and cakes.
Several of the fraternal societies who
are anxious to do something for the sol
diers who are going to the front have
asked "What is best to give?" The an
swer has been "<3lve the boys suspen
ders, plain, strong, serviceable ones, shoe
laces and patent snap buttons for trou
sers that are put on without sewing.
These are needful articles and will always
be handy."
Professor Charles F. Graeber and his
mandolin, guitar and banjo club of sixty
or more will volunteer their services in
aid of the Red Cross Society at any time
such may be needed.
In Memory of the Dead.
Last Thursday night the members of
Lincoln Relief Corps, auxiliary to the
Grand Army of the Republic, held memo
rial services In memory of their deceased
fellow-members— Mrs. Carrie L. Arm
strong and Mrs. Annie Luther, who
passed away during the year preceding.
There was a short Impressive service,
which included music by Dot S. Martin
and an address by Alice L. Staples, the
secretary.
Mrs. Armstrong, one of the membf«
who died, left two sons, one of whom ha^
since her death Joined the navy and is
now at the front.
The members of this corps will to-day
assist the Grand Army in arranging the
flowers for the decoration of the soldiers'
graves.
STREAM BROUGHT BACK.
Th© Thieving Watchmaker Safely
Landed in the City Prison.
Fred Stream, who a short time ago
stole a number of watches valued at sev
eral thousand dollars from Hammer
smith & Field, Jewelers, by whom he waa
employed, and who waa arrested in Ta
coma by a brother of Mr. Hammersmith,
arrived here last night on the steamer
Topeka and was turned over to Detec
tives Dillon and Crockett. He was taken
to the City Prison and booked on a
charge of grand larceny.
Stream was employed by the Jewelry
firm in the capacity of watch repairer.
During an evil moment he appropriated
the most costly watches which were in
his care and pawned them, realizing only
a small amount. With the proceeds of
his crime he went to Seattle, where- he
was traced by Charles Hammersmith.
Before the latter reached the Queen City
Stream, evidently knowing that he waa
being followed, took the steamer for Ta
coma. Hammersmith pursued him, final
ly overtaking him as he was about to dis
embark from the steamer. Stream offer
ed no objection when told that he would
ADVERTISEMENTS.
+■+«+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+»
CITY OF ijj| PARIS
DRY GOODS CO.
CURTAIN
DEPARTMENT, •
SECOND FLOOR.
Will offer TUESDAY, May 81st. a new lot of NOTTINGHAM CUR-
TAINS in fancy real lace effects, «.„-.«.
at.fel.so, JJt2.RO and #3.50 per pair.
Handsome line of CLUNY LACE CURTAINS, with laca Insertion and
edge, for $3.50 and upward per pair.
IRISH POINT CURTAINS In endless variety at ?5.00, 96.00, f 7.50
and upwards per pair.
Rich effects In REPP PORTIERES, in all the new colorings, at $3.50
per pair.
Special line of REPP PORTIERES, good valua for $7.60, on Bale at
$5.75 per pair.
Artistic drapery work of all kinds done at short notice and at reason-
able prices.
DRESSMAKING AND TAILOR-MADE SUTTS A SPECIALTY.
Don't fail to visit our ELEGANT MILLINERY DEPARTMENT.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
S.E. Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts., S. F.,
UNION, SQUARE.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT.
MATINEE SATURDAY. .
/ John H. Martin Presents MR. CLAY
CLEMENT
IN THE
NEW
DOMINION!
The exquisite charm of the play together with
Mr. Clement's unique characterization as well :
as THE EXCELLENCE OF THE COMPANY
serves to make this engagement memorable
as thedrama^^^^ SEASON,
June 13— THE FRAWLEY CO.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
SPECIAL HOLIDAY. MATINEE TO-DAY .
The Grandest Vaudeville Organization Extant.
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC STAR
SPECIALTY CO.,
Headed by Frank Gardner and his riding ba-
boon Jessie. Little Lulu, the great trapeze ar-
tist 10-OTHER BIG ACTS— IO.
Popular prices 15c. 25c and 50c. Matinee,
Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
SPECIAL " MATINEE TO-DAY (MONDAY). j
Parquet, Any Seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Children, !
»'.-.:■ 10c, Any Part. :
LEONID AS. ■ Dog and Cat Circus.
EZRA KENDALL. Humorist.
THE JOHNSONS. Xylophone Wonders.
LA -MONT 1 FAMILY, r Europe's -"Acrobats.
AL LEACH AND THE THREE ROSEBUDS.
CARROLL JOHNSON, Black-Face Comedian.
MANHATTAN COMEDY FOUR.
.X COLBY & WAY AND HARRY ALLISTER.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor and Manager
THIS EVENING.
■ The Brilliant Success,
The Musical Travesty.
"THE POSTER"
"IT ' MOVES— BREATHES."
VCU/ SCENERY,/ COSTUMES.
11 1- TV BALLETS. EFFECTS.
'"■-■- •'.! Lookout ' for : • '■•'■ '■■•■:■■ '■■•'•■■
"AN AMERICAN HERO," .
:!- . . * A New Comlo Opera, •
Popular * Pri0e5. .,.,".';, . . . ;v. ,J....;.,"..80, J . . ..;.,". .Bo and Wo
. No Telephone .:-;' •"v;^
have to accompany Hammersmith to this
city.
. They took passage on the steamer To
peka, arriving here last night.
Shortly after Stream disappeared from
this city the detectives recovered several
of the watches where they had been
pawned by the thieving watchmaker.
To-day they expect to get the others, as
they know where they were sold.
Stream readily admitted his guilt, and
attributed his downfall to his penchant
! for horse racing and liquor. He told tn«
detectives that he had pawned the most
valuable watch in Seattle, receiving a
small amount for it. The tickets for the
other watches which he pawned were
found in his possession.
BORNE TO THE CEMETERY.
Last Rites Over the Body of the Late
Mrs. F. M. Pixley.
All that is mortal of the late Mrs. Frank
M. Pixley was borne from her late resi
dence, at Fillmore and Union streets, yes
terday afternoon to the Odd Fellows'
Cemetery, where the body will be inciner
ated to-day. ■■ .. .
Notwithstanding the announcement that
the funeral was to be conducted privately
the quaint old residence was packed by
the many friends of the deceased.
Among those who were present to pay
their last respects to her memory were
Mrs. Leland Stanford. Mrs. John F. Swift,
Theodore Hittell. Judge F. W. Van Reyne
gom Police Commissioner Alvord and
Mrs. Alvord, Dr. Powers, Detective Har
per Dr. S. S. Kahn. Mrs. F. W. Van
Reynegom and the Misses Van Reyne
gom and H. G. M. Curtis.
The front parlor where the body lay
was filled by a collection of the choicest
flowers. The short and simple service of
the High Episcopal Church was performed
by Rev. Mr. Parrish of the Church
of the Virgin. At the conclusion of the
service the body was borne to the hearse
by J. W. Allyne, C. V. Meyerstein, E P.
Staton, Robert Harrison, Kenneth Mel
rose and Joseph Clark, who acted as pall
bearers. ..
Out of respect to the memory or the
late Frank M. Prxley a delegation of
Chinese merchants attended the funeral
and followed the remains to the cemetery-
Cruelty to a Cat.
Walter Flanders, & painter, was ar
rested on Taylor street yesterday by
Policeman W. Coleman on a charge of
cruelty to animals. It la alleged that
Flanders dashed a cat on the Bldewalk,
killing it.
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
Evening Prices— loc, 25c and 50c. *
Regular Matinee* Saturday . and Sunday. •
GRAND HOLIDAY MATINEE TO-
DAY AT 2 P. M.
First Appearanc* of the Well Known Eastern
ACt °GEORGE P. WEBSTER,
In a magnificent spectacular production of
the Great Scenic Marine Melodrama. . • :
THE BOTTOM OF THE SEA!
Powerful Plot, Gorgeous Effects, Strong Cast. '
CPP Exciting Fight With a Devil Fish
— ' *— '*—* at the Bottom of the Ocean.
FOR ONE WEEK ONLY.
ALCAZAR SEATS BY
A I CvAX/AhC PHONE,
r\i^\^r\i^r%r\, main 254.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2. •
TO-NIGHT AND ENTIRE WEEK. *
First Time in This City,
THE MASTER OF CEREMONIES I •
LEWIS MORRISON
' In His Original Creation.
Prices....'. ........ ... ..loc, 25c, 35c, Wo
Next Week— "A CELEBRATED CASE."
MOTHERS, SISTERS, " SWEET-
HEARTS AND WIVES, •
• See Your Gallant Heroes
DEPARTING ON THE PEKING
AS ' SHOWN BY THE ANIMATOSCOPE
EVERY AFTERNOON. AND EVENING
AT THE CHUTES.
SOLDIERS IN UNIFORM ALWAYS ; FREE ! '{;
10c to All, Including Zo . etc.; Children, Sun-
\ days and Holidays. 10c.
' fif VMDIA I Corner of.Mison and
ULllUr-lH 1 . Edd/ StrMU _
More soul-inspiring war scenes, new life pic-
tures •by the Biograph, ■ Captain Sigsbee and
Staff, United States and Spanish troops. -. bat-
tleships, torpedo , boats and thrilling Havana
scenes, and a strong olio of ten Great Special-
ties. . Admission free. . ' ..: *.-.: : ■
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. until , 11 p. m.
ADMISSION lOc - - - CHILDREN So
Bathing, with admission." 23c; children, 20c,
BASEBALL— feE CREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison Streets. •
I PACIFIC COAST ;^BASEBALL \ LEAGUE ;
l"'. ■-.■.-,-■ TO-DAY AT 2:15 P. M. ; .
-;- $300 Crt- SIDE.
—ATHLETICS VS. SAN FRANCIBCO— .
1 > : ; Admission 25c; ■ Children. 10?; Ladies - iro*.
56
SOCIALISTS
IN POLITICS
Convention Nominates a
State Ticket.
THE CAMPAIGN DISCUSSED.
PRINCIPLES OF THE NATIONAL
PLATFORM ARE INDORSED.
Address to the — Tribute to i
the Memory of the Author of
"Looking Back
ward."
The Socialist Labor party of California,
represented by Its delegates, spent yes
terday in passing resolutions, nominating
a State ticket and discussing and adopt
ing plans for the State campaign. The
sessions were held in the Turk Street
Temple, and were presided over by Chair
man James Andrew of Berkeley, the sec
retary being Oliver Everett of San Fran
cisco.
The following address to the public,
presented by the committee on resolu
tions and platform, was adopted:
The Socialist Labor party of California, in
convention assembled, views with admiration
the ardent spirit of humanity which has im
pelled the worktngmen of this country to vol
unteer their lives and services to politically
emancipate the suffering- Cubans from the
barbarous expression of the Kingdom of
Spain. We extend the sympathy of American
■workinffmen to the oppressed Cubans and to
Bpanish workers who are trying to overthrow
the hateful despotism which is destroying
them.
Fellow workers— the capital class, which is
the enemy of the oppressed Cubans and Span
ish workfngmen. is also our enemy. The cap
italist class show by their actions in the pres
ent war thier real spirit; while professing
great love for this country, they charge ex
orbitant rates for transportation and supplies,
feed our soldiers of unfit and unsuffietent food,
while the capitalists themselves enjoy their
ill-gotten gains at a safe distance from the
enemy.
We recognize that the patriotism of the
workers is enthusiasm for humanity, while
the patriotism of the capitalists is enthusiasm
for profits. We heartily commend the self
sacrifices of the former and condemn the self
seeking of the latter. Profit and not service
is the measure of capitalistic patriotism.
We therefore call upon the workingmen of
this country to be true to their own Interests
and those "of their wives and children, and
turn a deaf ear to the capitalist class, who rob
them economically all the year round as a re
ward for political support on election day;
and
Whereas. The life of a poor man is as dear
to him as is the life of the rich man to him.
and more necessary to the support of his wife
and children: and
Whereas, An overwhelming majority of those
who have volunteered to serve as private sol
diers in the United States army in the war
with Spain have come from the ranks of the
wage-working, non-property owning class, we
demand that in case conscription becomes
necessary to keep th» army up to a war stand
ard that the conscripts be drawn from the
ranks of the property-owners, the percentage
of men to be drawn from each class of prop
erty owners, graded according to the wealth
possessed by the individual of the class, shall
be in proportion to the total percentage of
the national wealth possessed by that class;
. We further demand that no man conscripted
phall be allowed to purchase a substitute to
take his place in the ranks of the army.
The following tribute to the memory of
' the author of "Looking Backward" was
adopted :
Whereas, In the death of Edward Bellamy
the cause of. human progress has suffered the
loss of a great and good friend: and
Whereas, The Socialists of the State of Cali
fornia, represented by the Socialist Labor
Party, desire to testify to the respect and
honor with which we regard the memory of
this philanthropist and author;
Resolved. That we tender to his widow and
children our sincere sympathy, and assure
them that the high ideals and glorious aspira
tions which he has implanted in the minds of
oppressed and down-trodden millions, will e^r
remain an enduring and living monument to
his loving heart and his noble life.
The committee on platform and resolu
tions, recommended the following, which
were adopted:
That we heartily Indorse the principles and
tactics of the Socialist Labor Party of the
United States, outlined in the national plat
form.
The following supplementary resolutions
were adopted:
First, while the means of producing and dis
tributing wealth are in the possession of pri
vate capitalists, the condition of the wage
working masses will not be materially im
' proved by a gold standard or a bi-metallio
standard, or by any other money standard that
might be adopted.
Second, we denounce the present tramp law
of California as an infamous and criminal
measure, furnishing a pecuniary harvest to a
lot of political barnacles known as constables
and Justices of the peace, at the cost of great
Injustice to every worker in search of work,
and we demand the repeal of said law.
We demand that no person shall be detained
or punished for vagrancy in California until
said person, being physically able, shall have
refused an offer by the community of a chance
to earn a living at wages not less than the
- average wages of unskilled labor.
It was decided to nominate a complete
State ticket, and in accordance with this
resolution the following nominations were
made: Governor, Job Harriman of Los
Angeles; Lieutenant Governor, James
Andrew of Berkeley; Secretary of State,
Emil Leiss of San Francisco; Public In
structor, Jane A. Roulston of San Fran
cisco; Comptroller, John Robertson of
Cotati; Surveyor General, George Smith
of Oakland; Clerk of the Supreme Court.
Leonard D. Biddle of Los Angeles; Attor
ney General. A. F. Straun-Hamilton of
San Francisco; Superintendent of State
Printing. A. Conti of San Francisco;
Treasurer, E. M. Dewey of Tulare.
The Congressional nominations were
left to the Socialist organizations of each
district.
M. W. Wilkins made an eloquent and
earnest speech" in support of the State
ticket, saying, among other things, that
nothing would be left undone to show the
people of California that the Socialists
are sincere and that they exercise consid
erable influence in political affairs.
Last evening Job Harriman, the nomi
nee for Governor, spoke to the American
Branch of the Socialists, at 35 Eddy
street.
THE HIGH CHIEF RANGER.
Q. A. McElfresh of the Independent ■
Order of Foresters Banqueted
by His Deputies.
George A. McElfresh. high chief ranger !
of the Independent Order of Foresters of |
the Jurisdiction of California, who re
cently arrived in this city from Los An
geles, was on last Saturday night the
guest of his San Francisco deputies and i
a few of his friends' at a banquet given i
in his honor at the Nevada Restaurant i
A guest of the deputies was. Lieutenant
Walsh of the Thirteenth Minnesota :
Volunteers, who is a promiment member I
of the order in his State. Those present |
besides the two named were: (.'. S. Peery I
vice high chief ranger; B<-n L Salomon' j
chief deputy; l>r. H. M. Bock, Walter I '
Avery, L. Balart, W. L. White, R. s' I
Presley, A. L. McMlllen, J. E. Emmons
J. Hurry, O. J. Joly, W. Stewart, O
Stewart. J. H. Machan, Dr. Joseph o'
Crawford and E. Stock.
After the menu had been disposed of
the chief deputy acting as chief of cere
monies for the evening- called upon the i
vice high chief ranger for a response to |
"The Interest and Welfare of the Order." i
Lieutenant Walsh responded to "Our
Country" and took occasion to tell about:
the order in Minnesota: I)r. Crawford ]
favored with a charming recitation, "Jim
Mead, Who Saved the Colonel's Daugh
ter." Then the high chief ranger who
was nnt assigned any toast, but requested I
to speak on any theme, delivered a very
Interesting address upon tfci order and
Its rise, and dwelt particularly upon the
fact that the supreme chief ranger, Oron
hyatekah. had since the w r ar broke out
given a blanket permit to any member
of the order who has entered or may en- |
ter service of the United States in any |
capacity during the war to go to any part i
of the world to which duty shall call him |
without increasing rates or jeopardizing I
hi? rights in any way. He also spoke in a
patriotic strain for some time and his
remarks were loudly applauded. He was
followed by a short address by the mas
ter of ceremonies and one by L. Bagart,
after which the party bid Lieutenant
"Walsh godspeed and a safe return with
the crown of victory upoa hln brow, as
\vo\\ as on that of every American soldier
•who went with him and then sang 1 a pa
triotic song in unison.
EXCURSIONISTS
BADLY SCARED
The Schooner Mary F.
Cruz in Collision.
DAMAGED THE GOLDEN GATE
THE VESSEL CROWDED WITH
HOLIDAY MAKEES.
Repairs to the Revenue Cutter Will
Cost a Thousand Dollars — The
Schooner Lost Her Bow
sprit.
The schooner Mary F. Cruz was in se
rious trouble on the bay early yesterday
morning. The vessel started out on a
pleasure cruise with about seventy ex
cursionists on board. ; but inside of an
hour the trip wound up in a collision, and • j
i the badly scared pleasure seekers were
only too "glad to get once more on terra
firma.
Early in th© morning the excursionists
boarded the schooner at Mission street
wharf. The intention was to have a
first-class time, and everything necessary
to obtain that result was on board. To j
j the strains of music the party left the
' wharf and headed up the bay. After a
! run to Hunters Point and over to the Al
i ameda shore the vessel was headed for j
I Meiggs wharf. In attempting to go about ;
| she missed stays and crashed into the
revenue cutter Golden Gate. The schoon
er's jibboom went through the steamer'3
! cabin with the first jab and pierced the
i captain's cabin with the second. Lieuten- ,
| ant Butt thought it was a Spanish gun- J
I boat, and lost no time in getting on deck. ;
In the meantime the Mary F. Cruz was !
! still bumping away at the Golden Gate, :
' and each bump carried away a portion of
! the Government vessel. The screams of
i the frightened excursionists could be
| heard a mile away, and nearly all of j
| them took advantage of the boats being .
close together to clamber aboard the ;
I Golden Gate and thence to the wharf.
Shortly afterward the vessels drifted [
apart. The schooner lost her bowsprit j
i and the Golden Gate is damaged to the j
i extent of $1000. • |
Mrs. Pearl of Angel Island had a nar
row escape from drowning a few days :
ago. She drove down to the wharf to
meet the steamer McDowell, and her
horse, taking fright, backed overboard
with her. In the fall Mrs. Pearl struck
the water first and the wagon fell on top
of her. After some trouble she got
ashore. The wagon also was saved, but
the horse was drowned.
Officer George Lake of the Harbor Po
lice met with a painful accident last Sun
! day morning early. He and Officer Ma
i honey saw a couple of men acting in a.
1 suspicious manner on East street, and as \
j they moved toward them the men took to '■
! their heels. The officers gave chase, and j
i when going at full speed Lake stubbed ;
j his toe against a loose plank and turned
1 a complete somersault. He was cut and !
| scratched in a dozen places. His wounds i
I were dressed by Dr. Deas at the Harbor
j Receiving Hospital.
The work of getting the Zealandia, Chi- :
i na and Colon ready for their trip to Ma- ■
nila will begin to-morrow. Yesterday a
deatchment of troops was sent to the
! Mail dock, and they will keep watch over
I the vessels until they leave the wharf.
People who failed to get out on tugs and i
steamers to see the transports away last '
I week are taking time by the forelock on j
! this occasion. Parties of them were ,
i around the front yesterday chartering j
i every tug in sight, and those who have
j been laying back expecting to get a boat
the day the transports sail will be disap
! pointed.
The British ship Rahane arrived from
Newcastle, N. S. W., yesterday with a
cargo of coal, after a lengthy passage of
seventy-eight days. She was delayed by
light winds and calms.
ELK AND BUFFALO BABES
INTEREST PARK VISITORS.
i SOLDIERS ANT> OTHERS VIEW
SIGHTS AT THE BEACH.
Two Thousand Volunteers Enjoy Su
tro Baths at One Time, Conclud
ing the Sport With Many
Swimming Races.
There were thousands of strangers at
j the park and beach yesterday. Though
! the weather was windy and disagreeable
the crowds were very large and the en
thusiasm of spectators great. There was
a noticeable absence of city visitors and
a corresponding increase of soldiers and
strangers.
Superintendent McLaren, of the park,
was delighted over an increase in his I
pets. He found a baby buffalo yesterday
I morning, and a baby elk the day before.
! The infants excited great interest.
"I have named them Dewey and Samp
' son, respectively," said the superintend
! ent, "for they were born in times that
will be noted by naval events."
Thousands of people viewed the babes
in their semi-wild surroundings yester- j
I day, commenting on the odd appearance \
I of creatures of such types in surroundings
! like the park. The mother of the buffalo
| was very cross, and no one could ven-
I ture anywhere near her offspring.
There were thousands at the Cliff also !
during the day, the attraction being a I
swimming contest between soldiers of va- j
rious States, at Sutro Baths. At one
i time there were fully 2000 soldiers in the
! water. The race resulted as follows:
Fifty yard race, won by A. Chambers,
Company H, Kansas; seventy-yard race,
I wnn by G. E. Griggs, Company P, Wy
oming: 100-yard race, won by H. E.
Sleater, Battery A, Utah; 150-yard race,
I a dead heat between B. Davidson and
' H. H. Hecwer, Company B, Third Bat
talion. Colorado; Davidson finally won;
120-yard hurdle, won by W. C. Bruce,
1 Company C, Minnesota; 200-yard free for
! all, D. Howell, California, first; H. Hau
■ ton, California, second.
! — ;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales 0ver 6, 000,000 Boxes
FOE BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS !
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, r
Giddiness, Fulness after meals. Head- i■'
ache. Dizzinoss, Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat. Loss of Appetite. Costivenefss.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations. •"
THE PIRBT DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF -
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer 6
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECH AMU* PILLS, taken as direct-
ed. will quickly restore Females to com- k
plete health. They promptly remove s
obstructions or irregularities of the sys- 5
tern and cur© sick Headache. For a j
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver »
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival I
And hays the 6
LARGEST SALE
Of any Patent Medicine in the World. 6
250. at all Drue Stores, | £
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, MONDAT, MAT 30. 1898.
LIST OF PRIZES.
OFFICIAL DRAWING
LOTTERY
BENEFIGENCIA PUBLIC A.
The 112 th ordinary monthly drawing. Class
E. drawn In the City of Mexico on May 20,
IS9S. Vvi^v
Notice— public is cautioned to beware of
purchasing tickets other than those of the lot-
tery of the Beneflcencia Publics, of the City of
Mexico, as many fraudulent imitations have
made their appearance. Be careful to see that
all tickets are signed by A. Castillo, Inter-
venor, and U. Bassettl, Manager, as none
others are genuine.
No. Prize. No. Prize. No, Prize.
37.. 40 ISS 10 188 500
203 40 422 20 616. ....'... 20
700 20 795........ 100 1256 100
1258 ...... 40 1266 40 1275........ 40
1312 20 1427 200 1478 100
1481 40 1585 20 1610 40
1679 200 1711 40 1718 '.' 2O
1780 100 1912 40 2061 20
2132 40 2174 40 2261 200
2358 20 2559 40 2698 20
«20| 2956 20 2698 20
40 1 2956 20 3027 40
3312 20 3518........ 100 3742 20
3893 !! 20 1 3912........ 201 3974!!!!!!!! 40
4016 40 4037 20 4064 20
4130 20 4416........ 40 4471 20
4556........ 20, 4580........ 20 4667 20
4701 40 4802 40 4524 20
4847 20 4914 ' 40 4969.. 40
4980 20 5075 20 5199 20
._•■ " 20 5290.. 20 6318 20
5329 2411 5332....."... 20 5841 20
5359 20 60H4 40: 6345 20
6491 20 6495 20. 6555...'. 20
6698 40 7151 20; 7200 40
7273 20 7291 20 1 7446.... 40
7470 20 7-477 20 1 7619 20
7986 1018039 20 SOsS 40
8101 .. 100, &169 20 8207........ 20
8277 100 8278 20 8336 20
5912 1001 mm 40 9168 20
9366 20! 9453 40 »502 20
9375 40 M 79 20 9756 20
9756 1000 ' 9835 .. 200)
10139 20 10172 100|10650 40
10794 40 10795 40:10963 40
10952 20 11020.. 20J1101S 20
11202 20111259 40(11315 40
11321 1011396.' 20 11424 40
11458 20 11555 2011736 • 40
11803 40 11818 4011833 20
12254 20-12537 20 12630 40
12756 40 12772 20 ........ 20
12866 40 13000 200113102 20
13J63 40J13583 100J13690 20
13829 ....... 20113888 20113947 20
14223 40 14668 20 14689 20
14783 100 14910 40 14972 40
16023 20115123 20J15162 40
1521!*. 20J15367 20 15387... "20
15523 20 15580 20 15935 .... EOO
15959. 20 15S7S 100 1CO!»1 100
16120 40 16127 40 161 iS 20
16251 . 20U6429 80116482 40
16627 40116789' ..:.... 40 16947 .20
16953 20 17217 600 ; 17509.... \... 200
17512........ 4017585 2017629 20
176. ,2 20 17670 4017681 40
17736 20 17757 40 j 17939 20
17989 40 18012 20 15217 .'.. 20
IS2IS .... 20 18262.!!!!!" 100 IS33S - '
15340 40 18-118 20 18668 20
18642 20 1907S 20 19130 ...... 20
1J237 40 19266 20 19306 40
19900 20 19924 40 19971 100
20051 20 20192 20 20243 40
20357 2020382 100 20459 20
20465 (020471 2030524 ........ 20
20625 20 20708 2020806 40
20812 ... 100 20530 20 20578 40
20938 20 21007 20,21037... 40
21041 20 21071 4021221 20
21239 40 21334 2ii 21345 40
21370 60021380 20 21498 20
21593 2021888 40 21945........ 20
22004 20 22061... 100 22253 20
22350 20122390 40 22400 20
22439 20128486 20 22515 200
22326 20 22535 40.2203? 20
22721 4022723 100 22733 40
22785 10022842 20(22895 100
23037 20 23054 20,23226 20
232X1 20123332........ 20 23422..;..... 20
23428 20123499 4023787.... 20
23341.. 4Q|239-16........ 2t> 24040.. .20
24064 20 24239 20 24243.......: 100
24260 !!!!! 40 24333.... 2024362 100
24401 100 24503 20 24576 200
24624 .!!!!!! 600 124666 20 24711 40
24722 40134826 20 25072 20
25231 . .. 20126589 20 25439 20
25456 ..... 2026487 4025668 20
25777 20J25814 20 25867 20
25915 20 25931 26090 40
2619S 40J26265 40 26330 100
26406 40 26442 20 26461 20
26766 20(26850 100 27029 20
27034 27315 20 27318 20
27371 40127443 200127519 20
27703 2027779 20 27788 20
28047 ...... 1000 25099 100 28236........ 20
28301 200128400 20 25430 ...lOC
25513. ....... 20 28664.. 40128801 20
2SSB7/ . 200 28910 40 25916 40
29091.'....... 10029169 200 29385 20
29507 20 29521 40 29573........ 20
29622 40 29934 40
30010 20 30024 100 80158 20
30167 20 30206 .... 40 30234........ 20
30266 100 30273 40*30351 20
30435.. 4030641 20 30570 ...200
30648 4030662 40 30664 40
3O»»7 2000789 40:30907........ 20
30916... 20978 20 31065 20
31069 ■ 40131135 20 31188 2.)
31356 40 31581 31618.' 20
31647 20 31S01 100 31826. 100
32034 .... 40 32046. ....-».. 40 i 32465 100
32708 :. 2082906 20 32934 500
33062........ 4088261 40 33517... 200
32561 20133687........ 40,33721 40
33734 '20 33838 .... 40 34099 20
34233 20|34484 20134805........ 40
34829... 20484866 40 34995 20
35115 40136213 40 35318 40
86629 20 35703 20 35779 100
35803 40 35862 20 36004 40
36225 20 36405. 20136525 40
36714 20 36837 20 36914 20
36947........ 20 37010 20 37097 20
37280 20 37343.. 40:37380 . 40
87403 2037443 20 37526 20
37688 40 37847 20|37908 20
3U091 20J35313 100 38433 20
38517 .. 40!35539........ 100 35636... 100
33806 20138905........ 40138319 20
38933 2038940 20 33132 20
39237.. ... 10039259 100 39373........ 20
39352 20 39433 ,20 39560........ 40
39581........ 20:35595 40 39629 '40
39521. ....... 20 39942 100
40000 2040001... 20 40024 20
40129 40 40353 200 40374. 20
40565 20 40568 20 40571 20
40700.. 40 40767 100 40781 .40
4,052S 100 40857 40 j 4 1085 40
41054 40 41061........ 40 41283........ 20
41350 20 41427 40 41588.. 40
41615 40 41878 40 41938. 20
41970........ 20 41975........ 41991........ 40
42021 20142245 20 42291 100
42391 40142495 200 j 42531 20
42534........ 40 42543 40 42548 40
42565 20 42591.... 20142624 .. 20
42704........ 20 42968........ 100 43016........ 20
43217 20 43221... 20 43222 .... " 20
43279. 20143523.. 20 43561 ...... 20
43593 20 43718 20143849 ....... 20
43968 40 43997 20 1 44001......;. 20
44378 2044451. 40 44569........ 20
44735. 20 44884........ 40 44965........ 20
44998.. 20 45276 20 145320. ....... 20
45326. 40 45641:......." 20 45699........ 20
45722:....... 20 45899 100 45904...;.... 40
46045 40 46088.. 20 46167 ..'2O
46257. 40 46289 20 46334. 20
46482... 20 46717........ .40 46759...;.... 40
46K69 20 47005........ 20 47105........ '20
47161........ 2047195.. .20 47290 40
47291........ 20 47453........ 20 4.7616 .V 20
47653 20 47726 ....... 40 47806 '..1000
47899........ 47907 20 48001.". 1000
48021 10045056... . 20 48155... "■ 40
48943.*....... 20 48996........ 20 48998........ 20
49225........ 40 49420........ 20149493."" 100
49499........ 40 43514.......; 20 49522... 100
45C09.. ...... 2049704 .100 49739.". 40
50126 100 50129........ 40 50226..*;...;. . 20
50246........ 100150363 20 50504 ... 20
60511.. 40150529 20 30623........ 20
60506. ... 20 i 50864 100 51171........ 40
51201 4051235 ....... 100 51495........ 20
f.1711.. ...... 40151902 ....... 00 51936 .."... 20
52127.......; 2052363 20 52473 -40
52516........ 4052756 ....■4O 53016........ 600
53288... ..... 40 53308... 20 33343.....:;. 20
53401........ 20 53594 40 53714........ 40
53718........ 20 53784.-...-."..: 20 53799.-.:.:... 40
.",•.:■ ."..".; 100153925........ 100154002........ ■20
64310 ...... 4054414 ....... 20 54&>6........ 20
54771..:..... .20154877........ 200 55062 :...... 20
65207........ 20155305.;...... 20155404.'.. ...... 40
55424.. .: 40155430.-..:..:. 40J55666 .... \. "20
656K7. ....... 20166718 ."..;■.: .2ft 55751.". :..7.. -; 20
55815........ 40155825."..;.... 100 55925.'."..... . . 20
55950.;...... - 41155996:..;.... 40 56074. r...... 40
16076 40156172 ~.." 40 56272 .....;.. * : 20
66405.. 20!56416.. ...... 20 56428::....:. 20
56544........ ! 56603 .40 56721........ 20
56759........ .•■".20 56807....::.-.- -40 565H.V....*.. 500
56901........ •20 57005........ 20 57020........ 20
57100........ 40157107:....... 40157178......:. 40
F. 7157........ 20157424.... 100 57434........ 20
57515 20157541 40157554........ 20
57567;. .-■". 40 :.:.:;.r" 20157739......... 100
67860 .■•:."..*.■..■ 2087878 ...;-.. '20157979.. ..100
68064 ::■...... 10068105 ::..... 80168678 ;.....; 40
68712........ 40158713 :. 401.WW5....\... 100
68858 ■;...:. ■ 40159033 ....".. 18159300 40
59220. .' . . 20 59229. .".: .... . 40159856 . ... .". . " ■ 20
69357.'.-'..;...- 100 5940?....".... 20159921 40
60040...;.:.. 20 60201...: 40 ! 60241 ........ 20
60273.... : 40160868 ..- 40;60P1P 20
60527.'....-.... . 2060844 ...... 20' (50947 .:.:... -20
60995 ...... 100161104 .7.V..V. 20161139......;. 20
61228........ .20 61325.....'.... 40161448 100
61529.-;...... 200! •'-■•— ' : "-
61571. :. :..... 200161598. ... . : . . 100161626.'. . . ;.;]-> 20
61838..-..-..;. -100 61896.....-...- ■ 20162138..;....; 20
62140. . :.:.:.. 100 ■'62232 :..... • 2062256 .; . . ... 120
62270.;....:. - 100|62347 ;..'... 20162357 ...... 40
LIST OF PRIZES.
No. Prize. |No. Prize. |No. Prize.
62607........ 20,62647 . ..... 100162765......... 40
62521..V 20 62*38 40 62557......V. :• 40
63018: ICO !€3047! €3047 .... 100 63099........ 200
! 63242........ 4063307'" 20 63319........ ■ 100
63350......... 40 63507 ..... '20 ; 63526.. 100
63667........ 2063674'" .... 10" 63676. V.:.... 40
63793 20 63870" 40 63051........ -40
64147 20 64168 40164222........ 100
64281:....... 1000 64350 40J6445S "20
64549.. 20 64608 20164637 '20
64704......... 20 6481S 200J64532 ...... 20
65133 100 65279 100165317........ 20
65163........ 10065297.'! 100 65317 20
65349...;.... 20 65374' 20 63419........ 20
65429........ 40 65466........ 40 65694 20
65717... 40 l 66022 100 66047 20
66167........ 100 66172 ....... 20 66233........ ' 20
66261.. 20 66277.. 20 66021........ 20
66979 ....... 2067106 2067134........ 40
67139 40 67195!.-. 20 67230. 40
67300 40 67541 : 20 67542........ 20
67662.. 10000 67664 40 67783 600
67503........ 20 67817 20 67340......;. 100
67963.. 4067972 ..... 20 68011.. ...... 20
65064........ 10065146 IOO'6SIS6 ...... 40
68D13 100 68576 .... 40 68669........ 20
65826....... -.40 69863 •■ 40 65374.. ...... 500
65934 ....... 10068966:".... ■40 69096........ 20
69234. 20169453........ 20169521......;. ;20
69526.:...... W63730 •••• 200'6?746 2"
69536 100 1 -.- -.•-..- I
70252 70814 .... 20170707 ..20
70886........ 40 70944.'! •••• 20 71062 ■ 40
71C63 . 'Xfinr-,'" .... 20 71626......... 20
71K57........ 20171779! 40 71825 20
71837.. 100 71840 40 71937 20
71<<ss ....... 20072003 2072163 40
172208 2072267 20172551 20
73588 40172657 4072496 20
72905...;.... 20 1 f2'141 V. 20 73U1 100
73198 20 73258 20!733!.5 ....... 20
73510........ 40 73555 40 73628... 20
73668........ 4073715 40173760 40
74254........ 20 74297 100 74:580 20
74416 40 74653 20 74748 20
74890... 100 74901 20 74925.... 20
74967 20174981 20 75019 40
75036........ 100 76064 100 75127 20
75277... 100 75467 200 ; 75j68 100
75588 200 75917 400 75960........ 20
76103 40 76125 40 76153... 90
76191... 200 76.130 100 76394 40
76496 20176498 60000)76517 20
76533 40 76648 40 76654 20
76656 20176672 20 76811 20
76814 20 76856 20 76978 40
77046 20 77061 20 77111 20
77140 40 77167 20 77191 40
77249 40 77276 20 77385 20
77426 20 77481 20 77454 ....... 20
77498... 20 77579 200 77756 200
77794.. 40:77860 20 78006... 20
78089 20 78210 -. 20 78246 40
78642 10075650 40 78673. ...... .20000
78859 20 78883 40 75947 20
78970 20 79027 40 79239........ 40
79446 40 794R9.. ...... 100 79484 " 20
79626........ ■ 4079663 ~. 4079770 40
*78<5 20179501 40 79554........ 20
79912 20|79961 20179999 40
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers from 76*48 to 76.548 Inclusive, be-
ing 50 numbers on each side of the . number
drawing the capital prize of $60,000. $60.
100 numbers from 78,623 to 78,723 inclusive, be
Ing 50 r.uir.l or- on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $20,000. $40.
100 numbers. from 67.612 to 67,712 inclusive, be-
ing 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $10,000. $20.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
799 numbers ending with 98. being the last
] two figures of th<> number drawing the capital
prize of $60,0C0, J2O.
799 numbers ending with 73. being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $20,000. $20.
76,498 draws»flr»t capital prize of $60,000, sold
lin San Francis -o. Cat ; Houston. Tex. 78.673
! draws second capital prize of $20,000, soli In
i New Orleans, La. ; Puebla, Mexico. No. 67.662
draws third capital prize of $10,000. sold in
Mexico City. Numbers 9786, 28.047, 47,806. 45.001
and 64281 draw each $1000, sold In Pachuca,,
Hgo.; New York City. Chicago 111.: Guana-
juato, Gto. ; New Orleans, La. ; San Bias, Teplc.
The regulaT monthly drawing, No. 113, with
capital prize of $60,000, will take place on
June 23, 1898.
Wholes. $4: halves. $2: quarters, $1; eighths,
50c; sixteenths, 2">c, . United States currency.
, ANTONIO PEREZ,
For the Treasury Department.
U. BASSETTI.
Manager.
APOLINAR CASTILLO.
Imervenor.
J. H. SCHIEBERT.
Prizes cashed at No. 35 New Mont-
gomery street, San Francisco, Cal.
Beware of Imitations
•^ }\orcestersliires&s.4 \
j JOHN OUSC/N'lt SONS, Mill! I. nVw YORK.
Are not eyeglass noses, but If you
want to wear a nose-glass and have
it held on comfortably by improved
guards the best place to go to is
OPTICIANS P H OTOGB APH 55 C cl M^c Us>
642 Market st. instruments
UHOIR CMOMICIt BUHOIKb '
Market Street.
To Lease
Near Eighth street — Large lot
fronting 200 feet on Market street
by 275 feet. Vacant, or owner
will build. Ten-year lease.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH,
30 Montgomery St.
DR.MCOTLTY.
'PIUS WELL KNOWS and UK-LIABLE OLtl
I Spevlnllstc»<rejPrlvdte,Nervous,BiOOdaiidSkln
Diseases of Men mlv.' Manly Power restored. Over
. 20years' experience. 1 Send for Book, I'u.tieurs
i cured at Home. Terms reasonable. , Hours, 9to 3
■ dally ;<>:.•» to 8.' «"▼•(?». Sundays, 10 to 12. : Consulta-
i donfree and sucredlyconfldentia*. i Call or address
" i». ROSCOE Mc?iITI«TT, W. 1».«".
*03^ Kcaruv Street. Man l'r»ntl«». f»L
; - —
"' ifWH^f fcTir -"i n Big. ** Is a non- poison
- '^MWW>****'«>»syW remedy for Gonorrhea,
JWSRr Cl7«Eb^Gffl Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
/£&gw in 1 to s d»T«.^3 Whites, -unnatural dis-
"»^y Oo»r»a»td "H charges, or any inflamma-
ijCsjf not to etriccore. tion, irritation or uleera-
ir^-J|PreTeiiU contagion. *. tion . of . wucoug * mem-
SfSIrHtEvANS CHEMinuno.' brane »- < Noo-astringent.
Cincinnati o fflsra Sold by » pn «z i * ta '
*^?rsft. ; n « i jtt&i or Bent in plain wrapper,-
! /^■k ' J»l*?sa l>y exprew, prepaid, for
V&3S?iforT?»^ssfr! fl-W. •'"" 3 bottle*, ? 2 -"-
■ . -^»HCi(53X*> v . IS Circular d»nt on request,
&Co.>!ffV
E "PATENTS^ i)
%S^33o MARKET ST.Sf.>ii*^
1 1
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spend your rammer outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH -RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank. Mineral, Tub. Vapor
and Roman baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many Improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing, Tennis. Bowling. Billiards, Croquet,
Handball Shuffleboard. Livery and Burrvte for
the children.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages. $19 to $15
per week: housekeeping cottages. $3 to $7 per
week.
Call or address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth st., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS. Lake County. CaL
Pamphlets mailed free.
A MAGIC^ ISLAND!
SANTA CATALINA.
A field for health and pleasure without a
counterpart in America or Europe. Most phe-
nomenal rod and reel fishing In the world.
Wild goat shooting. The great stage ride.
Delightful coast excursions. Novel out-door
sports. Music, dar.-lng, pyrotechnics, water
carnival. ot<\
HOTEL METROPOLE
Alwaya open; modern appointments; efficient
management.
ISLAND VILLA
Open July L SPLENDID aKHaNGEMENT
for campers.
Full Information, rates and Illustrated pam-
AYILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO..
222 SOUTH SPRING ST..
Los Angeles, Cal.
SARATOGA SPRIIS.
Lake County, Ca!,
Curative powers of springs and mineral bath*
unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy
of access; telephone connections and .dally mail.
Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS. Pro-
prietor, or In San Francisco. 416 Pine street, F.
A. BUSSE.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County, Cal.
For rest, health and pleasure, fine waters
and baths, cleanest accommodation and table,
Paralso stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at 613 Market. Ft., S. F.. $8; trains leave daily
at Third and Tovrnsend 9 a. m for Soltdad.
For terms and free pamphlet address R.
ROBERTSON. Manager.
ftl/ 1 ft ftp »OT SPRINGS. Sonoma Co
\hA|ili\ Only 4H hours from S. F. and
vIinVVU l.'it 9 miles' staging: waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bnth
In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent climate; good trout
streams at door; photographers' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, daily mail; FIRST-CLASS
BERVICE; morning and afternoon stages:
round trip from S. F. only $5 50; take Tlburon
ferry at 7:20 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $3 a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of th«
past three years. J. F. MULOREW, Prop.
SEIGLER* SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place Is located In
the midst of the Coan? Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and ccia
plunge baths, large swlmmlne tank of mineral
water fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
pood trout fishing and huntine. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific office?. JlO.
JOHN SPAUkPINO. Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULOINO. ManaKei\
On Howell Mountain: elevation 1750 feet;
swimming tank 100x40; temperature of water
78 degrees; climate unsurpassed; chalybeate
and other springs; tennis, croquet, rM.ng.
driving. $10 to $12 per *e»k; two trains dally;
four houis from city. Telephone.
E. ANGWIN. Angwin. Nnpa County. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing and health resort on the Coast.
For particulars write to EDSON BROS.. Bes-
wick, Siskiyou County. Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious limate; pic-
turesque scenery; mountain walks; pure
spring water; beautiful drives; pine groves:
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture in a short time. Address St.
Helena Sar.'«arium, St. Helena. Cal.
CALAVERAS BIG TREES.
Stage ride shortened !4 miles by Sierra Ra.il-
wav to Jamestown. Fare S. F. to Calaveras
Big Trees and return ITT. JAMKS M. HUTCH-
INGP. Agrent. 30 Montgomery street.
HILLSIDE F-jOLRM.
Fine spring water, fresh butter, eggs and
milk: magnificent location: prand scenery.
Rates |7 to $9 per wek: children, half price.
Address MRS. B. KUN7EL, Napa. Cal.
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful waters; all kinds of skin
diseases cured in marvelously short time; kid-
ney, liver, catarrh, rheumatism and stomach
troubles immediately relieved: rates $10 to $lg
per week. Long-distance telephone. Address
J. A. HATS, Proprietor. Lake County.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland: unequaled soda
and magnesia springs; hot and cold baths; fur-
nished cottasres; terms *!0 to <12 per week.
Telephone. Buy through tickets. O. HOWELL.
Proprietor. Hopland. Cr.l.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure;
new dining-room. 130 ft. lake frontage; new
(■table and livery; boating and bathing free;
$S to $14 per week: round trip. $9 SO. H. WAM-
BOLD. Prop., Bertha P. 0., Lake County, Cal.
JOHANNISBERG.
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort
Elevation 1200 feet. Relief for asthmatics.
Fishing, boating, hunting and swimming
Terms, $7 to JlO. Send for circular to
JOHANNISBERO RESORT. Napa. CaL
DEER PARK INN
(Lake T&hoe), elevation 8607 feeet, opens Juna
1 Fine accommodations. Cottages with pri-
vate baths and open fires. Table unsurpassed
R. R. rates, $13 66 for ROUND 1 RIP. J. S.
LJRJBY. remrn i. Flood buildlnx. San Francisco.
The Klondike
For HEALTH,
PLEASURE and
RECREATION
>s along SAN FRANCISCO and
of'thT NORTH PACIFIC R'Y
(The Pictnresqne Root* of California.)
If you want to camp, pitch a tent near a
lovely lake, or on the bank of some beautiful
stream, of which there are over ?00. well
stocked with trout.
If you want to drink health-giving waters
and enjoy social Hf«. visit one cf our many
Mineral Spring Resortti.
If you want to enjoy the :-.ome life of a
ranch there are many ranchers who will be
glari to have yon.
Camping grounds are free.
At the Rpsorts and the homes of the rancher*
charges are reasonable.
For detailed information apply at Ticket
Office. a"0 Market st. (Chronicle building), or
at General Office. Mutual Life building. San-
Borne and California sts.
R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER, President and General
Manager.
FREE CAMPING
All along the .San Francisco and North Pa-
cific Railway, in Marin, Sonoma, Mendodno
and Lake counties.
Special camps with free wood on our Sonoma
and Guernevllle branches, along Sonoma Creek
and Russian River. Fishing, boating, bathing.
Easy access to. city. Low rates. Supplies from
neighboring towns delivered daily at camps.
For detailed Information apply at Ticket
Office. 650 Market St. (Chronicle building), or at
General Office, Mutual Life building, Sansome
and California sts. •
R. X. RYAN. General Passenger Agent.
\ A. " W. FOSTER. President and General Man-
ager.
. HOTEL
METROPOLE,
•v- OAKLAND,
v^^Sk 13th and Jefferson Sts.
ai^S*Si»lK^V^ Only 35 minutes
fiw»TO&^ffli& frot " Son Fran -
I ij r oaPifKDS^RSD2n . A desirable resort for
S^^^Siy Families, Travelers
and Tourists.
._— , An ideAl place for rest.
fa ?«-^a a recreation _nd health.
/HTli^l Naturally warm mineral
A"t|>lHlflJL water in swimming tank
'*■■■-'•'***♦ and tub baths. No stag-
ing — private rig meets
/•* v. • . train at St. Helena. Round
Vt. #ltW<l<Hl/irC» trip tickets. $7. Rates, $10,
jpilflffS*' 114 *-"=?■
A O W. L. MITCHELL,
Manager. Lldell, Napa
S. F. Agent. County, Cal.
F. V. OWEN, Claus Spreckels Building.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spo4 to Visit This Suinner.
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table Clean beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckee in the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken |
forest. The ideal spot for families because it is I
clean no poison oak, no pests. And pure air
and pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM-
ON'S Virginia City, before June 1. when Inde-
pendence Lake. will be open to the public.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County. 6 Hours from Ran Francl»co.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The'hotel an pnchantlng
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tuba, tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS
Tepid Swimming Loni?-dlstanc« Tele-
phone. Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms. $10 und $15 per w>fk: $2 and $2 aO per
day. K. M. HORTON. Proprietor.
ROWARDENNAN.
Santa Cruz Mountains on Ran Lorenzo River.
2 hours fmin S. F., 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz: grounds and river lit by electric lights:
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishing:
finest hall and dining-room In Panta Cru?,
Mts. : club, billiard and smoking rooms. New,
hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tele-
phone and telegraph service. Round trip, (3
Address TFJOMAS L. BELL, Prop.. South Ben
Lomond.
7? % flOni) I \JCV And soo(:l treat-
ttl V% UUUII.LUWA ment go hand in
UflOOn at HOTEL GISELMAN.
«i«n?U LLWJV ment jro hand In
hand at HOTEL GISELMAN,
Oil ..-/If Lakeporj, Cal. .
■^^T A. H. SPIIRR, Ppoprietop.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen mil?s from Cazadero, on stage line.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk; free conveyance for parties of two or
more: grand ledwood scenery. Address J
LT T TTRIN>".ER. Seaview. Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUSE, COT Front St., S. F.. for par-
ticulars.
TUSCAN SPRINGS,
Tehama County, liy rail to Red Bluff, 199
miles: fare, $6 45; dally stag- to springs, 9
miW: fare, $1; elevation 1000 feet: 20 furnished
cottages for rent: accommodations at hotel for
100 people; telephone, telegraph and postofflce
In hotel: rates. $1C and up; rend for book of
information and testimonials. ED. B. WAL-
BRIDGK. Proprietor.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRI>GS HOTEL,
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F., via Tib-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Hotel completely remodeled end refur-
nished. Water, gas, electric hells. Rates $10 to
$12 per week, $2 per day. Address AGUA CALI-
ENTE SPRINGS. Aqua Caliente. Sonoma Co..
Cal.
HOTEL BENVENUE,
Lakeport, Cal.
Situated on the shore of Clear Lake; fine
large gj»unds; special facilities for families
and children: home cooking; boating, bathing,
fishing: rates reasonable. Address FRANK
SCALES and A. M. SCALES.
SODA BAY RESORT.
Most delightful spot In Lake County; hunt-
Ing, fishing boatins, swimming: table sup-
piled with best market affords. Address HEATH
& BURLINGAME, Proprietors. Soda Bay.
Kelseyvllle. Lake County. Cal.
•SUMMERHO/nEiFARm.
Santa Cruz : Mountains,'; nret-clasa family ; re-
sort; : cottages, = tents, hunting . and ■ fishing ; ar-
tificial lake for boating ana swimming; long
distance telephone) campers' ' return tioket»
*2 SO, j, Send for circular to J. H. - HAESTERS.
Glenwood. Cat' ; • -
El Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
PASO DE roel.es, CALIFORNIA.
Otto E. Never. Proprietor
■NEW AND EXPERIENCED %
MANAGEMENT. • *
■*•: •->*•— ••y; - ■•• ■*• ■■■-*■
~~~ — : — '^g^jr^=^^^a^^
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE-
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN*.
MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS,
SODA SPRINGS.
IRON SPRINGS.
NEW HOTEL, AND COTTAGES.
PAID ORCHESTRA.
For information call or write W. M. COW*
ART', 11 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
uiLANisiis;
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOR
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
springs In America; all kinds of amuse-
ments; new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
Ing alley. First-class accommodations; rates
reasonable. Write for illustrated pamphlets^
San Francisco 316 Montgomery street.
its; new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
alley. First-ciass accommodations; rates
sor.able. Write for illustrated pamphlets.
Francisco office. 316 Montgomery street.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal- :
MAGNETIC SPRINGS,
Situated In the heart of the redwoods, 4
miles from Glenwood. county of Santa Crui.
Magnificent mountain scenery; o.cvation 1904
. feet. Springs especially adapted for rheuma-
tism. Climate unsurpassed for pulmonary,
troubles. Terms $7 and tip. Hunting-, fishing,
lawn tennis, .bowling alley, billiards, pi3fiM.
etc. . Cottage*" for families. Stage fare, So<J
over a mountain boulevard, . where the nicest
scenery is to be seen of this and other counties.
Address L. PERHACS. Glenwood.
HAU/ A r*rv SPRINGS,
ll CJVY A PUTTAH P. 0..
lIV V 7 r-*.R^m~r lake COUNTY
Accommodations unsurpassed.
Rates. $S $10 and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postoffice and telephone. • ;■
Round trip. $10. Southern Pacific office, (11
Market street.
Address MRS. R. J. BEEBT.
CARLSBAD!
MOST BEAUTIFUL S?0l> IN LAES COrmTT.
The Mineral Springs are well known for mar-
velous cures when everything else failed, es-
pecially !n cases of STOMACH. LIVER. KID-
NEY and BLADDER affections. New hotel;
superior accommodations; $S to $10 per we^rk;
roads excellent; gcod trout fishing and deer
hunting on property. For particulars -"Trite W.
R. McGOVERX. Carlsbad. Lake County.
LAKESIDE HOUSE, Lake Tahoe.
Good cheer and home comforts. Best location
for driving to all points of interest on or near
the lake. Boats free to snests. For circular
and terms address E. B. SMITH & CO.. Bijou
Posti'fliee. Cat -.
■Ef TOCALOMA. "ft?
BERTRAND HOTEL.
First-class accommodations; reasonable
rates: fishing: beautiful drives to Bear Valley,
etc. JOSEFH F. BERTRAND or 321 Kearny st-
mONTE VISTA,
Sierra Nevada Mountains. Sixteen rooms added.
Fine table. ' All kinds of mountain fruit, f resit
vegetables, pure milk and cream. Sprlngrs oC
pure, soft spring water. Illustrated circular.
THOMAS E. MORGAN, Monte Vista, Dutcl»
Flat, Placer County, Cal.
BURLINGAME.
' (San Mateb County.)
• Redington Place for rest and comfort, from
June 11. Address IRA. O. HOITT.
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation. 6009 feet. -
Daily mail. Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June 1. Address GOUI*«
DEN & JACOBS. Dormer. Placer Co.. Cal. 'X.
LE TRIANON HOTEL. ,jK
Reopened. New management. Beautifully
situated -■ on Upper Blue Lake, Lake Co.. Cal.
Leave S. F. 7 a. m.. arrive Trianon 6 p. m.
Fishing, hunting, boating and bathing. Supe-
rior table. Chicken dinners Sunday. Wednesday
1 and Friday. Teri.is. $7 to 110 rer week.
W. S. PHILLIPS. Bertha P. P.. Lake Co.. Cal.
WRITE W. H. MILLER. Ukiah. for livery ac-
commodations to springs In Lake and Men-
doclno counties to save money. . -
WRITE SMITH & HILL. Ukiah for livery
accommodations to springs in Lake ana Men.
dr.rino counties to save money.
The Weekly Call.
o( It Publishes the Cream of Sis
7) News of the Week and
©< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
cJ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°( IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY .
©/ / PAPER ON THE
J PACIFIC COAST
3 \ / ■
5 The Best \ / Mining
°) Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ Service on /N. Is Accurate
01 The Coast / up to date
=X — .
c^ Not a Line of it Sensational
cJ or Faky, and Not a Line of
; 2' it Dry or Uninteresting.
H : - r i---' ■•■>~ ■•■■ x
cJ Bright, Clean, I A Cbamploa el
TV vThoßghtlul. Truth.
2 A 'CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER % }
2■• s ALL THE TIME. •
3> IT ADVOCATES I SENT BY
r^l HOME MAIL, $139
:©( . INDUSTRIES I i YEAS.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
POLITICS AND
PATRIOTISM
Candidates Must Face a
Trying Ordeal.
GENTLEMEN AS PIRATES.
PRACTICE THE ART OF STEAL
ING WARD CLUBS.
Not Likely That Fabiola Will Ever
Again Receive a Benefit Day
at the Rac*
Track.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Broadway, May 29.
This is a time for heroes, not politicians, j
During the past week nearly the whole of j
Oakland has seen thousands of soldiers i
march through the streets of San Fran- j
actuated by no other motive than
that of serving their country. In view
of these stirring developments the politi
cal turmoil in this county is regarded by
comparison as a very picayunish affair.
Politicians have almost to apologize for
not being soldiers, and the boys in blue
can have anything they want.
It has been amusing to see the vast im
portance attached by a few interested In
dividuals to Borne of the politicaJ fandan
goes of the week. They have aroused no
excitement and loss general interest, and, j
In fact, bo nauseating has the prevalence
of personal politics become that there |
would be a Say of thanksgiving and re
joicing if Alameda's politicktns were to
organize a volunteer company and offer
themselves for service in Manila or any
place that would keep them away until
after next November.
It is rather a hard matter just now for
an office-seeker to preach patriotism, and I
et this time the public feels inclined to re- I
■ward nothing elne. A candidate talking j
.ism to an audience stands in great j
danger of being a^ked why he does not
wear a blue coat himself. The public just
now is very discerning, and platform ora
tors who will attempt to pave tneir way
Into office with stars and stripes and talk
cf banners subject themselves to all kinds
of inquisitive remarks.
A volunteer company composed of men
who nightly appear on political parade
would at once excite the admiration of
the whole county and would strike such
terror into the hearts of the Spaniards
that the war would end lnstanter.
A new art is being rapidly developed
in this county. It is the art of capturing
Itical meeting called by on© faction
by an overwhelming force from another
n. Such actions are not at all now,
they have hitherto been known as
or a name not at all eu-
Buch jobs implied the of
. vulgar language and a general
rough time, resulting in a score
of arrests for battery and simi
lar ungentlemanly conduct. All this
is changed, and there is in this
city a well organized bar-d of young Re
publicans who are forever working to
turn everything their own way. They do
tent. but simply enter
the hall in such numbers that they can
control every vote. When the gentlemen
who called the meeting realize the situa
.:•■ an adjournment, the
visitors .'. the promoters of the
gathering leave, and the invaders proceed
to eiect a new sot of officers and transact
• themselves. Prec< dents
it at naught, enthusiasm Is aroused,
and tnr boys retire to plan to capture the
•
m of stealing each other's
thunder may not add to the dignity of the
party, but there is in it one good element, i
It arouses opposition, antagonism, com
rhaps a little personal feei
gs out the party men, cs
v the young men of the party. It
lies party warfare, and hundreds of
those who have- been deluded in the past
ait' now entering the Republican ranks
for the life there is in it. After a little
while they will accent Republican prin
:'rom conviction, and the good work
is complete.
No one is pomp to win anything In poll-
In Alameda County without a figrht.
8 are too many model candidates for
and too few offices to permit of
ivers. There must be contests and
: nship until the constitution is over
turned, and all must admit that it arouses
new and prolonged interest in the party.
As a matter of fact these, preliminary
skirmishes are being taken altogether too
They are arousing both sides
. n, and are but toe amoke indica
tive o* the lire, the flames as yet not hav
ing burst forth. At present all the poli
tics is being inspired by thuse who have
personal Interesta ;it stake. "When the
time for th* primaries is announced there
will be more Kepublicans in Aiameda
County than ever before, and aft^r the
primaries all is guesswork. Alameda
County is rarely deceived by the veneer
of politics and politicians.
Fabiola day is past and its receipts
from the racetrack are now in the treas
ury of that great institution; Tunnel day
13 now history, ar.d its receipts will soon
be paying many laborers for their toil,
and the racing season is now closed for
six months. Everybody can therefore
take a breathing spell and think a little
about horse'Tacinjj and its use to the
public welfare in general and to Dr.
Dille's remarks in particular. This is a
good time to ask Oakland just where ehe
Ts on the subiect of the racetrack and its
influence*. To outsiders It must look as
though this city were carrying water on
both shoulder;;. Many merchants can be
found who declare that when November
1 arrives business decreases, as all the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
(UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF H. LIEBES & CO.),
35 Years in the Alaska Trade,
THE ELEGANT STEEL STEAMSHIP
LEELANA-W,
Rating Al— loo Lloyds,
Will Sail From Howard
Wharf No. 2 *
JUNE 5, 1898,
DIRECT TO
ST. MICHAEL,
Connecting With Our River Fleet,
LINDA, ARNOLD, LEON, HERMAN, CUB, BEAR, FOX,
LYNX, SEAL, OTTER, MINK,
FOR
DAWSON CITY
AND POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
Our boats are the most powerful now in Alaska and ready for prompt dis-
patch. ■
No delays. Quick connections. No towing from San Francisco. Best
service en route. Comfortable quarters. Courteous treatment.
Owning our own wharves, lighters, towboat, warehouses and hotel at St. , j
Michael.
Merchandise orders or letters of credit on our various stations on the Yu-
kon River. No fee charged to passengers.
. For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply to
GENERAL TICKET AND FREIGHT OFFICE,
LIEBES BUILDINO. ISO POBT STREET.
surplus money of the spending classes !
goes to the racetrack. None can be |
.ound who will defend gambling, but
nearly all denounce it. All know that
without the gambling the track could not
run a single day. Yet nearly all con
sented to do something that insured the
reaping of a public benefit at the hands
of the track. With regard to Fabiola the
same argument holds good, except that
the ladies, even some on the board of di
rectors, have made stronger arguments
against the influence of the track than
the men. Now then, the question arises,
is the price paid by the racing people—
and which In reality is only about one
third paid by them* because of the in
creased attendance encouraged • to tlje
track by those interested in the benefits
equal in value to the license thus publicly
accorded it. and which Dr. Dille very
aptly called "a certificate of respectabil
ity?" It is no exaggeration to say that,
in the public eye, Thomas Williams is at
present the greatest benefactor this city
has known since James G. Fair built the
narrow-gauge railroad.
How long is this hallucination to last?
Surely it cannot be necessary for some
public official to loot a treasury or fill
a suicide's grave or be a fugitive before
the film will fail from the public eye.
Analyze the situation and we find that
if $6000 is received for both these bene
fits (?) fully one-half of it has been due
to the energy, not of the racetrack peo
ple, but of the ladies and gentlemen in
terested in swelling the gate receipts for
two days out of six months of racing. It
is indeed a question if the bookmakers
do not, on these days, take in as much
additional coin as is handed back to the
benefit committees.
Dr. Dille's logic was sound, but he was
probably too specific in his choice of
words. I candidly believe that the noble !
ladies of Fabiola and the active mer
chants of this city do not fully realize !
the full significance of closing stores so i
that their young men and women can |
attend the race track even for one day,
for poor Widber must have made his
debut at a track some one day in his
life. Nor can I think that there will ever
be another Fabiola day at the track. j
That worthy charity can depend on sup- j
port from less questionable sources.
It must be admitted that if anything I
can condone a public benefit at the race ,
track that thing is the necessity for the ;
tunnel road between the two counties. !
Many years ago, at the first public meet- '
Ing I attended in Oakland, the tunnel
road was the subject under discussion.
Its benefits were set forth by merchants,
contractors and others in the old quarters
of the Board of Trade. Whatever argu
ments were made then, when an electric
road was a novelty in this city, are four
times more forcible now. The obstacle
all along has been the impossibility of
raising funds, and consequently when the j
race track was proposed as a medium
everybody fell in line and the special .
committees did splendid work. The sit
uation no doubt appeared to them as
Tennyson made It appear to the heroes
of Balaklava. If some one had blundered
at the beginning It was not theirs to
make reply, but simply to do and die ana
they did their duty well.
These matters will no doubt receive
much consideration before next W^
SiUAKT W. BOOTH.
REPUBLICAN DELEGATES.
Oakland Sends Prominent Men to the
Annual Meeting.
OAKLAND, May 2?.— The California
League of Republican Clubs, which meets
in Golden Gate Hall. San Francisco on
Tuesday afternoon, will be largely attend
ied from this city. Among the various
I clubs that will be represented and their
j delegates are the following:
National Republican League of Ala
meda County— F. K. Mott, Charles Roeth.
Paul Goldsmith, J. C. Elsworth, T. M.
Robinson, George S. Meredith. John A.
Britton, L. E. Matteson, E. A. Sherman
Jr., Levt S. Bixby, George Baxley, D. A.
j Sinclair, S. P. Hall, P. R. Kline, Dr. H.
i B. Mehrmann, John L. Beard. Henry Dal
ton, W. 11. Friend. B. T. Jooste, A. E.
Bolton, W. W. Knickerbocker, M. C.
1 Chapman, N. W. Spaulding, G. W. Lang
an J. E. Farnum, W. N. Dimmick, Frank
A Leach, W. 11. Quinn, John T. Bell, H.
(L Powell. J. J. Allen, D. Edward Collins,
Mack Webber, F. S. Stratton. George D.
Metcalf, B. F. Armstrong, J. W. Nelson,
Charles L. Pierce.
The Army anfl Navy Republican League
—George W. Hoguet, M. D. Hyde, W. S.
Pelouse, Thomas A. Deasy, J. A. Robin
s'>n. X: il V. Wood, Charles W. Wilkins,
James D. Bailey, D. A. Briggs, R. L.
Daniels, Benjamin Crandall, Miles Doody,
N. S. Douglas, J. W. Osborne, 1. B. Finch,
E. F. Scott, John Kaigh, Frank Cary,
Frank W. Newell, William J. Hamb, John
G. Little, Charles S. Pierce, C. B. Meads,
Jacob Winkler, C. H. Hallett, W. H. il.
Thompson, H. M. Van Arman, C. B.
Davis, Harry Inwall, J. A. Colquhoun,
Frank Little, George G. Church. William
N. Van de Mark. William Duessler, Ed
ward Rathman, J. W. Henderson.
The Republican Anti-Civil Service
League of Alameda County — W. S.
O'Brien. John F. Teague, Rod W. Church.
C. A. Mautalen, Orrin Mulllns, R. C.
I'otts. Daniel W. Doody, Eugene Lynch,
J. J. Lerrl, J. Tobriner, H. L.
Wesley Johnson, William Tipton, Walter
Seidentopf, w. W. Morrison, J. M. '
J. B. Lanktree, J. T. Carey, Al Ewine;.
O. D. Brown, P. J. Keller, G. W. C. de
Jarley, James Pago, C. A. Carleton, J;im>-s
Kenney, F. C. Sweet, Charles Bon, W. J.
Schmidt, C. E. Hall. Charles Cotton. Fred
Dorsaz, William Dean, Euward Gehnij?,
Thomas Bradley, Victor Remmer, G. S.
Langan. John Trotter, James Little, Hen
ry Menges, John Coughlan.
The Young Men's Republican League—
H. W. Pulcifer, president; W. V. Wltcher.
H. B. Belden, C. D. Bates Jr., Charles
A. Tabor, Charles. Street, F. W. Leavitt,
Dr. R. L. Hill Jr., George F. Neece and
Gerald Cunningham.
The Fourth Ward McKlnley Club—Theo
dore Mock, Gustave Farley, H. N. Qard,
E. F. Holland, Frank Gordon, Edwin
Meese, S. W. Getchell, Fred A. Davis and
C. E Snook.
The Sixth Ward Republican Clvb — C.
Mautlan, W. Keating, E. Farrell, L. L.
Bromwell, C. L. Ingler, A. A. Collins, C.
Keyster and W. Lysten.
Seventh Ward Young Republicans' Club
— At large — President, E. A. Reed; dele
gates, H. W. Martin, W. B. Pringle. W.
H. McGrath, E. L. Lawrence, H. C. Ham
pel. M. S. Armstrong, H. N. Turn Suden,
George Washington Weaver.
The sound of a bell. which can be heard
45,000 feet through the water can be heard
through the air only 456 feet.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAXL, MONDAY, MAY 30. 1898.
BLUE-ROCK
SMASHING
Inanimate Target Tour
nament of California.
FEUDNER AGAIN WINNER.
JUDY OF STOCKTON GETS ONE OF
THE PRIZES.
Seven Interesting Events, in Which
Fully Eighty Shotgun Sharps
Eagerly Took a
Hand.
There was a large gathering of shot- |
gun shooters at the tournament of the
California Inanimate Target Association,
which opened yesterday at the Ingleside
grounds. In the six or seven events fully
eighty crack shots participated, this be
ing as good as at any tournament since
these gatherings were inaugurated six
years ago. The representation from the
country was better than usual. To-day's
events will end the tournament.
Taken as a whole there was not very
much brilliant work done, only a few of
the men coining up to their average.
However, Otto Feudner kept up his repu
tation in this line, carrying off the trophy
of the third event, the K. T. Allen cup,
on twenty straight breaks, and the Gold
Dust Diamond medal on nineteen breaks.
It was conceded that his was th>
shooting of the day. 0. M. Judy was the
winner of the fourth event, carrying off
th<-. Olympic Gun Club medal. He broke
twenty bluerockfl straight. In each of
the matches liberal cash prizes were
added by the association and a number !
of the shots did well in the pools put up |
on the Hide. Annexed are the allots, the ■
events in which they participated and the >
number of clays In each:
•
IS Birds... .4
Sixth—
■Is 15
Fourth— Fifth—
20 Fourth—
Third— Birds 20
20 Third—
* Birds.... if. 20
...•• Birds. 15 Second —
::::::::::::::::::::::<:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: : TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
■ ••■:■':'.: c '•'.'•'•'■'.:'.'•' C ::::::::::::::::::: s : v : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : ::::::::::::• a ■ •
iii^liiiiiiiiliiiiipjiilisliii
oOMWaoooc<cjc*i^w^cioa*i»CTs^oao*^wj>woMccc©o»C'i^t»coMT^e*t^c4M©MCiQoOM^t~cooiej * * I c* wow o
0l 252 ww 2 MvtoflHO5 * fl)HmO!eH " HeOt * lflwwa ' HCoHftHwnoowf ' rlr4 * eMCI^ IO0)Clww '"waftMoaor" waftMoaor " OHHH NO»-oO -O * >HeiOr4aiN
J3 2£322 23 2 /-l " y ■I'J-WJH'r^i^x r. ct.-r^Mjji-.-or. K:i:i:if //> **• »■:» ■: *-* •£ -- .-i~-« > - •*■* t!■ -. « :: 111 1- :: ci--f - *- «t« t- rc< -t-t ci 'y_—il• c^ » va qr> »H
—!— —■ . ' '
The last event of the day was a three
man team shoot, twenty-five bluerocks,
for the K'ios modal, in which seven teama
took part. The medal was won by
Olympic team Xo. 1 and Uv members
divided first money. The trophy to
the club. THe second cash of $12 00 went
to the Lincoln Gun Club team, the third,
$8 40, to the Stockton team and the fourth
of $4 20 to Garden City team No. 1. The
individual and total scores made were
as follows:
I Olympic Team No. I— O. Fuedner, U; Nau
ma:i. 24; Webb, 23. Total. 71. .
Olympic Taem No. 2— F. Feudner, 18; Trom
bone. 20; Grant. 13. Total. 53.
Olympic Team No. 3— Hulght, 19; W. J. Gol
cher" 19; Justins, 16. Total, .'.4.
Garden City No. I— Hetdelberp, 18; Anderson,
'' 20; F. Merrill, IS. Total, 66.
Garden City No. 2— Hobtson, 17; Bangs, 17;
Carroll. 15. Total, 49.
Lincoln Gun Club— Fllckinger, 23; Kevesahl,
24; Bekhart. 20. Total. 67.
Stockton Gun Club— JuJy, 22; Longers, 18; C.
Merrill, 23. Total. C 3.
O'Brien Is Convicted.
OAKLAND. May 29.— James O'Brien has I
been found guilty of felonious assault
upon Miss de Lopez, daughter of the
wealthy horse owner of Pleasanton. The
jury was out all night, as two of the ju
rors were not prepared to join the other
ten, but this morning ajl were' agreeri,
and after returning a verJlct they were
discharged.
The ease has been the most bitterly con
tested of any criminal suit in Alameda
County since the trial of Howells for the
murdrr of A. A. Moore. Senator McGow
an and Thomas Garrity appeared for
O'Brien, and Deputy District** Attorney
Melvln, M. C. Chapman and Thomas Scutt
prosecuted.
Silhouette Shooting.
ALAMEDA, May 29.— Forty-eight mem
bers of Company G went out this morn-
Ing to Diamond Canyon to hold a practice
silhouette shoot. The shoot was a sue
cc3s and good scores were made. After
the shoot the company went to Leona Ho
tel and had its anniversary banquet. On
the way home from there, while going
down hill, the harness of one of the teams
attached to a bus loaded with soldiers
broke and the team ran away. Two of
the r.;embers were thrown to the ground,
but escaped with only a few bruises and
torn uniforms.
A Pentecostal Celebration.
OAKLAND. May 29.— The Holy Ghost
or Pentecostal celebration by the Portu
guese in West Oakland to-day was a
great success. The children paraded with
a band in the foronoon and attended mass
at 3t. Joseph's Church. In the afternoon
the exercises were held in the hall. Sim
ilar exercises were held in San Leandro.
Officer Downey, who has been missing
for the past week and was suspended, has
returned home. He claims to have been
in Stockton, and says he had a leave of
absence. This is denied by Chief of Police
Fletcher, who says the man loft without
a word. After being gone two nights, and
his wife denying any knowledge of him,
Fletcher suspended him and will file
charges against him before the Police
Commissioners Tuesday.
Stimulating to Patriotism.
OAKLAND, May 29.— The attendance at
the First Bab+ist Church to-night to lia
ten to the annual Memorial Day sermon
by the pastor, the Rev. C. H. Hobart,
packed the house to the doors. The G. A.
R,, S. V., Relief Corps and kindred organ
izations wore largely represented. The
speaker took for his text: '
•'Remember the days of old." (Deut.
32:7.) He said a country without patriots
was to be pitied, and held that a study of
past conquest^ for liberty would help to
make patriots now.
G. A. R. Memorial Services.
ALAMEDA. May 29.— Joe Hooker Post,
G. A. R., attended the First Methodla*
Church in this city in a body this even
ing. Special services were held In honor
of Memorial Day. Evangelist Yatman
preached an appropriate sermon of a pa
triotic tenor. Miss Eva Shorey sang "The
Battle Hymn of the Republic" and Mr.
Lovett sung the "Star-Spangled Banner."
Beyond this there will be no observance
of Memorial Day in this city.
Drowning of Frank E. Bushnell.
ALAMEDA, May 29. — The body of
Frank E. Bushnell, who was drowned in
the Sacramento River, near Walnut
Grove, on Friday night, reached here to
day. He was the son of Arian Bushnell
of 3236 Briffga avenue, and was employed
on a river steamer. His funeral will take
place Tuesday.
Davis Club Meets.
BERKELEY, May 29.— The Davis Re
publican Club held a meeting In the Odd
Fellows' Hall last night and elected dele
gates to the convention of State Repub
lican clubs, which meets in San Fran
cisco next Tuesday. In the course of the
meeting the following' resolutions were
adopted:
Resolved, That the Davis Republican Club
of lii^rkeley hereby announces its intention of
supporting the nomineees of the Republican
party.
R -< Ived, That, without prejudice to other
candidates, the Davis Republican Club of
Berkeley mi.si heartl'y Indorses the nomina
tion of William R. Pnvis of Alameda County
for the office of Govrn»r.
F. K. Shattuck, W. E. Creed, George
T. Bush, Captain J. R. Ayreß, E. Q. Tur
ner and Thomas \Vi!son were chosen dele
gates.
Patriotic Services.
BERKELEY, May 29.— Special services
of a. patriotic nnture were held in all the
churches in Berkeley this, evening. The
st church on Ailston way was deco
in honor of the Grand Army Post
and LadiCtf' Relief Corps, who were pres
ent in a body. The sermon was delivered
by the pastor, Rev. J>. J. Pierce. At the
First Congregational Church, on Dana
street, Ijtev. George P.. Hatch preached
in honor of the newly organized company
of Berkeley Volunteers, who had been
■ecially invited for the occasion. Tho
is- Bervice consisted chiefly of patri
: hymns. Dr. Minton of the First
I'r. Bbyterian Church chose aa his Bub
ject ''"Sonic Appropriate Thoughts Sug
i d by Decoration Day."
Bed Cross Society Meets.
BERKELEY, May a.— The members of
the Rod Cross Society of Berkeley met
in the First Congregational Church this
afternoon to listen to an address by Mrs.
J. G. Lemmon of Oakland. Mrs. Lem
mon is a member of the national branch
of the society and a personal friend of
Miss Clara Barton, its founder. She out
lined the history of the Red Cross move
ment from its beginning until the present
time and paid a glowing tribute to the
character and work ot Mlas Clara Barton.
Professor Thomas H. Bacon, who acted
as chairman of the meeting, announced
that the supply headquarters of the so
ciety would be opened next Monday in
the Hinkle block, on Shattuck avenue.
opposite Berkeley Station, where all con
tributions will be r ived.
Fire on Guerrero Street.
An alarm from box 142 at 10:30 o'clock
yesterday morning was for a fire in the
tWO-Btory frame building at 903 Guerrero
street, owned by D. A. Hulse and occu
by li. J. Xorris. The loss on the
building was $700, on contents $200. The
house next door, also owned by Hulse
and occupied by C. A. Meyers, was dam
aged to the extent of $250, and contents
$10. The cause of the fire is attributed to
a crack in the chimney due to the recent
earthquake : .
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the Wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate minimum temperature
for the days; those underneath it, if any, the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow In Inches
and hundredth!) during the last twelve hours.
Isobars, or folia lines, connect points of <•.,■:;!
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. . The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair whether: "low" refers to low pres
sure and is "usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars Of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
in summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result. .
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
(12'"> th Meridian— Pacific Time )
BAN FRANCISCO, May 29, R p. m.
The following maximum temperatures aro
reported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
In California: m
Eureka, DS: Sacramento, 70; Fresno 78 ' i
ndependence 78: Ban DtegO, G2; Red Bluff, 72;
San Francisco, N; Pan Luis Oblspo, 72; lic-s
Angeles. 72; Yuma, 94.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
69; minimum, 51; msan, f.">.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECASTS.
An area of high pressure lies off the coast
of California and Oregon. During the past 24
hours the pressure : has risen slowly over the
northern portion of the Pacific Slope.
• The temperature has remained nearly sta- !
tionary over the entire country ■ west of the i
Rocky Mountains. In the great valleys of ■
California the temperatures are from 4 to 12 i
decrees below the normal. .
Rain has fallen in Oregon and Washington
■ A maximum-wind, velocity of 36 miles per
hour from the southwest id reported at Carson
City.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending 1 midnight, May 30, IS9S:
Northern California— Fair Monday, -with
light fog along . the coast in the » morning- !
fresh northwesterly wind; warmer in the In
terior. . . -
• Southern California— Fair .Monday, . with a
fog along the coast in the ; morning;- westerly
■wind. •■'■••■ - - • -
- 1 Nevada— Fair Monday. .-.
~ Utah— Cloudy Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday. . ; , '.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday
fresh westerly wind. '
Special report from Mount Tamalpais, taken
at 5 p. m. — Clear; wind northwest, 36' mile3
temperature, 43; maximum temperature, 55 '
ALEXANDER : McADIE "
;'*j . Local Forecast' Official.
THE CALL CALENDAR
May. 1898.
I
16
28
3
We
4
11
IS
25
Th.
6
13
rr.
<
H
21
28
Moon's Phmea.
®; Full Mooa.
:V-V.Mays.««i
1»
IT
,r.j Last I Quarter,
May 12.'. T ~
pin • New Moon, ■
s*/ May 80. ;
i.-i
29
su
v
3
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydroyraphlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The tlmeball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes befor*
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Hare
Island, Oal.
A notice stating whether the tlmeball was
dropped on time or giving the error, if any, la
published the game day by the afternoon papers
and by the morning papers the following day.
C. P. TVETjCH. Enp'gn, V. S. N'., in Charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetlo Burvey.
Times and Heights of High and I/ow
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francieco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE.— The high and low waters .occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MAY-I*H.
Monday, May 30.
Sun rls«s 4:43
Bun Bets 7:26
Moon sets 1:04 a. m.
I | Feet ! I Feet I «5?* ! Feet | T !
lit Wi H W L W) iH Wi
80 1:05 l.tfl 7:12
81 1:66 l.« 8:2$
1 2:42 0 5 9:33
2 3:30 —01 10:4)
8 4:1- —0.7 11:33
4 5:07 —1.2 12:30
3tw n-.ti)
8.71 1:14
8.8 ! 2:03
4.0 2:611
4 2 »:40l
1.1 4:M)|
l.yl 7:
2.31 7:
2.71 8:
M 9:
?.l 9:
31 10:
fr.5
5.8
U
6.2
U.2
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tlde»
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tM»,
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
fiven are additions to the soundings on thu
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the helsht,
and then the number giv»n is subtracted from
the depth givon by the charts. The plans of
rofrrpr.cP !fc Ih«> mi>.nn of th» lower low watPr«.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
Areata .
Crescent City..
Scotia.
North Fora.....
Orizaba
Willamette....
Centennial
Oregon
Homer...:......
Mlneola
Molina.
Umatllla
San Bias
Pant* Rosa
Chilkat
Burma-
Commoia
Bristol
Coos Bav
State ot Oai
01 tv Puema.. .
Coos Bar May SO
Crescent Cinr May 30
Humboldt May 30
MumDoias May 30
Humooldt May SO
Seattle ; May 3!
Seattle May SO
Portland May II
NewDort May 31
Comox May 31
Sidney Jne 1
Victoria & Puerot Snd. Jne 1
Panama .. Jne 1
fan Dlea-o Jne 2
Eel River Jne 2
Nanalmo |Jne 2
Portland Jne 3
Comox Jne 3
Newport Jne 4
Portland Jne 8
Victoria & Pujret Sound . . i Jhe 8
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
6TKAMBR. i Destination^
Sails.
I PIKH.
Pier 14
Pier 11
I Pier »
Pier 3
State of Cal Portland....... May 30. 10 am
Pomona.... San Dieeo — May 31. 11 am
Walla Wlla Vic ft Pirt Snd May 81. 10 am
Alliance.... Alaska May 31.3 pm
Laurada... Alaska June 1 ......
Pulton lOresron Ports June 1.10
Nat. City... | Alaska June 1. 12 M
Arcat-i ( oo9 Ha; Jnne 1.10 am
Scotia Humboldt. ... June 1.1UASJ
Driza'J3- .. Humboldt .... June 1. 10 aw
Drejron .... Portland Tune 2.10 am
Homer Newport . June 2. dad
?h9 Nelson St Michael June 2,
SortnForU Humboldt ... June 3. 9 AM
Santa Rosa San Uieco June 4. 11 AS)
Jrce Dollar Alaska June 4
Columbia.. Portland June s. 10 am
Dmatllla... Vic & Pert Sna I June 6. 10 am
VlorgranCy. St. Michael... June « '
I
I..:.....
Pier 2
Pier li
Pier ?
Pier a
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier
Pier 11
Pier 12 '
trier a
I
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, May 29.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 36 hours frm
Crescent City.
Stmr Washtenaw, Crossoup, 80 hours from
Tacoma. Oakland direct.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlsen, 45 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr Fulton, Mclntyre, 96 hours from Coos
Bay via Eureka.
Stmr Pomona, Jepsen, 60% houra from San
Die-go and way ports.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, 80 hours from
Departure Bay.
Br ship Rahame, Roach, 78 days from New
castle, NSW.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, — hours from Moss
Landing an<l way p-jrts.
Btmr Newsboy, Ellefsen, 20 hours frm Usal.
Stnir Arcata, Reed, P2 hours from Coos Bay.
Ptmr Samoa, Johnson, 4S houra from San
Pedro.
I'ktn S N Castle, Hubbard, 22 days fm Hono
lulu.
Schr General Banning, Thomas, 26 days fm
Tr"s Marias.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, 12 hours frm
Bihlers Point.
Sfhr W F Jewett, Pohnson, 14 days from
Unalaska.
SAILED.
Sunday, May 29.
Stmr Bertha, Koehler, T'nala^ka.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San I'edro.
Stmr Chilkat, Anderson, Seattle.
Sfm- Newsboy, Ellefsen, southern coast.
Hnrk Alex McNeil, Nielsen, St Michael.
Bark S C Allen, Johnson, Honolulu.
liktn W H Dlmon.l, Nilson, Honolulu.
Bktn Gf» C Perkins, Mans, i\.ahulul.
Bktn Gleaner, Spraguo, Willapa Harbor.
Schr Five Brothers, Jens* ...
Schr J G Wall, BJornstrom, Albion.
Schr C H Merchant, Olsen, Fort Bragg.
Schr John A. Hellqulst, Eureka.
Schr Pel Norte, Jacobson, Rogue River.
Schr Mayflower, Olsen, Coquilie River.
Schr Lyman D Foster. Killman, St Michael.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— May 29, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 30 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per Rahame— Apr 23-39 39 S 127 07 W, Br
ship Glenbank. from Calcutta for Oregon.
MISCELLANEOUS..
The scow schooner Mary F Cruz, with a
party of 70 people out on the bay on an excur
sion, mlsntayiM! off Metßgs wharf and ran Into
the U S stmr Golden Gate. Her bowsprit went
through the cabin and captain's stateroom and
two bulkheads, doing about $1000 damage to
the Golden Gate.
DOMESTIC PORT 3.
POINT ARENA— Palled May 29 — Stmr Alca
zar, for Port Los Angeles.
USAL— Sailed May 29— Stmr Newsboy, for
San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELET- Sailed May 29— Schr
John A Campbell, for Newport.
ASTORlA— Arrived May 29— Stmr Columbia,
hence May 27.
Sailed May 29— Stmr Oregon, for San Fran
cisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC 6TEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 29— Stmr La
Bourgogne, from Havre.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived May 29— Stmr
Fried rich der Groose, from New York for
Bremen, and proceeded.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed May 29— Stmr Etru
ria, for Now York; stmr Berlin, for New York, j
/^^h. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
iS 625 HEABSY ST. Established
*^5r Stli In >«•"> * for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
025 KEABXV NT. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
' disease wearing on bodyandmlndand
SSsiwVßtf^a skin Diseases. The doctorcurps when
jSeSwkBKSI others fall. Try him. Charges low.
H«!tf3fc«i4Xafl *'Hro<«siiai - Call orwrite.
Dr. J. F. 4»IIfllON, Box 1057, San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PHQSSnBIKR Sailing of June Ist
Mr^H&jftHHlL'or Honolulu canceled.
■ W J> v Th " - S. MOANA
m %jjyjjro ./ t ' A "Sails via Honolulu and
WL jflfclJ ."tximrnin ..' Auckland fur Sydney
s^^§f(2)lCdllDM! r ' ( - / Wednesday. June 15,
<3g* (oHip3fl^h at 2 ''■ m "
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
• - - 114 Montgomery street.
Freight office — Market St., San Francisco.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantique,
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North ' J*4aj»"--
River foot of Morton st. Travelers <JJXL2>
by this line avoid both transit by"" 3 "***""^
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first-class. $160;
second-cla.ss, $116. ..
LA BOURGOGNE... June 4,10 a.m.
LA TOURAINE .......;June 11, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE .'...'. June 18,. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAONE.. June 25, 10 a. m.
LA 80URG0GNE....... "...-... July 2, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to ■• ■■
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE Nn. 3 'Bowling Green. New York. :
J. F. FUOAZI & CO., Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
; • ~. ' Steamer "Mon ticello" : \
Mon., Tues., Wed.. Thur». and 5at........'
' ' 9.46 a. m., 8:15 n. m. (11:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 p. in. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ..... ........... .10:80 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing «nd Of Mission Dock. Pier S.
Telephone. Red 2241. - • .
AUCTION SALES.
GREAT DISPERSAL SALE
TJnder Instructions of
foft I. K. MOFFITT, Trustee,
ALL THE
Stallions, Brood Mares, Colts, Flliies and
Geldings
BRED BY WILLIAM CORBITT
At the Celebrated
San Mateo Stock Farm,
(The former home of Guy Wilkes, 2:10£.)
To Take Place at the Farm, Burltngame, Cal.
THURSDAY, JUNE 2, 1898,
AT 10 O'CLOCK A. M.
36 Brood Mares 36
As well bred as any in America, and many of
them the dams of winners.
The Great Young Stallion,
PRINCE AIRLIE!
By Guy Wilkes, dam by Nutwxnl.
44 Fillies, Colts and GeMings,
Ranging from 1 to 6 years
old, all the get of
GUT WILKES. trim.
BABL-J "VVILKRS (3), 2:18,
ORO WILKES. 211, and
PRINCE AIRLIE
In addition to these are 22 suckling colts,
•which will go with tho dams, the majority by
Oro Wilkes, the rest by Prince Airlie.
The Stock Is All in Fine Condition
This sale Is Imperative, and everything of-
fered must be sold absolutely and without re-
serve.
A lot of sulkies, carts, horse boots and blank-
ets will be disposed of at private sale at low i
prices. Those not sold by June 2 will be sold
at auction.
Catalogues now ready.
Take 9 a. m. or 10:40 a. m. train from Third
and Townsend streets.
KILIP & CO., Livestock Auctioneer-!.
11 Montgomery st., San Kranc'ico.
OCEAN TRAVjETI
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
U,^ Steamers leave Broadway
sSSkjg-^ wharf, San Francisco.
. ' Tva»L For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
tels^^JPs, May 1. 6, 11. 16, 21, 24, 31. June
MTBC\gTa E, transfer at Seattle.
' s®'vs!,^ V i 1 For Alaskan ports (from
I SfTW*fy4 Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m..
' r**^^ May 18. June 1. 26, July 17.
;"^^"**^^R August 4, 25, transfer at Port-
™ 'and. Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Towns-
end, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. m.. May 1, , «.
11 16 21 26 31. June 5. and every fifth day
thereafter', connecting at Seattle with^ thU com-
pany' 3 stt-amers for AlasUa and G. N. ±ty.. at
Tacoma with N. P- Ry- at Vancouver with
C P Py
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m..
May 2 S 14. 20. 26. June 1. and every «txta
Caf£F"£t CC I HH 2 arfo d On Ban Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblapo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura Huenenw.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. May 1. 5. 9. 13. 17. 21. 25. 2».
June 2, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) I 1I 1
ft. m.. May 3. 7, 11. 15. 19, 23, 27. 31. Jun» ♦.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan,' Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. May U.
June 10, and 2d of each month thereafter.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chant*
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (PaJaca Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
. 10 Market at.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARC § '2 First Class Including Bert*
I HllL S8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Oregon May 6. 16, 24
Columbia * May 8, 18, 17
Btate of California May 12, 21. 99
St. Paul $16 00! St. Louis J32 00
Kansas City 26 O>V Chicago 27 50
Omaha 26 00 New York 3100
K. C. WARD. General Agent,
630 Market at.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
•NEW YORK, QCEEXSTOWN,
TON.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, ANTWERP.
Pto.imers sail under Belgian or British flags.
Kensington June 8 Noordland June 15
Berlin Juris li Friesland June 22
PHILADELPHIA. QUEEXSTOWN, LIVER-
POOL.
Steamers Ball under Belgian flag.
Waesland June 4 Rhynland June 11
EMPIRE LINE.
TO ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELHS.
Steamers formerly employed In trans-Atlantlo
services of the International Navigation Com-
pany and specially refitted for this service.
S S. Ohio. SHOO tons, from Seattle, June 15.
S S. Indiana, 3500 tons, from Seattle, June 22.
S. S. Pennsylvania, 3500 tons, from Seattle,
June 29.
Connecting with the company's own fleet of
18 new and modern steamers and barges on the
Yukon River, through to Dawson City and
Intermediate points.
For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of its Agencies.
BLUE STAR LINE
To St. Michael, Dawson City and Inter-
mediate River Points,
New steamship "Charles Nelson" will be dis-
patched June t, connecting with company's
own Yukon River fleet, consisting of four large
modern equipped steamers, built by Moran
liros. of Seattle, and now en route for St.
Michael.
SPECIAL ATTENTION called to the fact
that coal will be used "xclusH-e'.y on river
boats, insuring most rapid passage possible
Company's responsibility guarantees con-
tmets. Fir passage and freight apply to BLUE
STAR LINE, IS California St., or its agencies.
References, CAPTAIN CHARLES NELSON.
6 California st. Telephone Drum 22.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships
Sail from New York every Saturday for
Glasgow via Londonderry.
Rates for Saloon Passage— City of Rome, $60;
other steamers, Hft
Second Cabin— Rome. $42 SO; Furressla, $37 50;
other stPamfrs, $3.j.
Steerage Passage — Rome. $25 &0; Furnessla,
$24 60; other steamers, $23 .O.
For EooU of Tours and information, apply to
HENPERSON BROTHERS, General Agents. 7
Bowling Green, Ncr York: or .T. """. FUGAZI,
5 Montgomery Et. ; or L. F. COCrCROFT, 114
Montgomery St.; or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 New
Montgomery pt.. Pnn Francisco.
&ATJLBOAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May 1, IS9S.
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo, »8:00.
•9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; *1:45, 3:20. 4:00, 5:15, »6:00,
8:30 p. m,
Kxtra trips for San Rafapl on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at ll*:30
p. m.
SUTDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo, *9:00,
•10:00, 11:00, ll:3i> a. m. ; 1:00, n:45, »2:30. »4:00,
6:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. dees not run to San Rafael.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. nj. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week days (t?at. ex.) — Tomalea and
way stations.
8:S0 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'n.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Fvanciseo, commencing May 1,
18DS:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 9:00. 10:00, 11:30 a. m.; 1:45 and
2:30 p. m.
Monday. May 80, 189S— Trains run on Sunday
time.
Round trip from Mill Valley, 11.
THOS. COOK * SON, Atentu. 621 Market
street, San Francisco.
* ? RAILROAD TRAVEL
sovtuki;:. b-acivic cvhpast.
: IPAUiriO HVH't'KM.)
■ rralM leave him! «re .In* to arrive a*
man n:*>< !*«■«» .
(Main Lino, Foot of Market Street) .
r.iiATi — . From April 38. 1388. — AitKrva
•O:OOa Nlles. San Jose and Way Stations... *Bs4sa
?:O«a Benlci*, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . \l©:43a
7:00 a MarysTiUe, OroTille and Redding tU
Woodland 5 ! "5 Sf
7 :©Oa Vacaville and Rumsey 8:43p
7jSOa Martinez. San Ramon, Valiejo. >»!>»,
Calistoga and Bant» Rosa.... «slap
8:00 a Atlantic Kxpress, Ofdeu and Kast.. *i43p
»i:«Oa Mies, Han Jose, .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento. MarjsVille, Chico,
Tehamaandßed Uluff 4ilßp
•8:30 a Peters. Milton, Oakdale (Jamestown
for Yosenilte)...... # 7il»p
li*Sa New Orleans I .«|>res«. Merced, FrM-
■ - no, liakersfleld, Santa ll»rl>»r»,
",<>s Angeles, Deinini;, El Paso,
New Orleans and B»st Oi43p
I«:OO\ Vallejo. Martinez and Way Station* 7:43p
•l:OOp Hiiorainenu- ltiver Steninris "»:«0p
■ l:O*p Niies, San Jose and Way Station*.. »«i43a
San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... Joxl3a
2:00p Livermore, MemloU, llanford and
Visalla.. 4113p
Ijvt-rn ore. San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations JlOil.l*
Fresno, Merced, Martinez, Vsliejo.. l*»l3r
4iOOr Martinez. Sail Ramon, Vallejn,
Nupa, C>tH4ti>sn, 111 Verauo and
Santa Hosa '. wilSa
4iOOp Beniciu, VacaTlUa, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MaryßTllle, Oio-
rillo and Sncntineiito '.. 10:43 a
4tBop Nlles. San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:ls>>
4>3op Stockton, Oakdale, Merced I»il8»
4:SOp<J«gtleai>d l*:l3r
4:30p LatUrop, Modesto. Merced. Berend*
(Raymond for Yosemite), Fresno,
Mojave, Santa Barbara and l.v*
Angeles 7i43a
4i.10p Santa Fa Route. Atlautto Kzpresa
for Moja>e and lCast. 6«43p >
0:OOp Riu-opeau Mail, Ogdeu and Kast.... Bi4>l*
•«:Oor Valiejo IBsl3p
6:00p IlurwnrdK. Nilt-s did Han Jose 7:43 a
J7:oop VaUejo, Port Ooita and Way Sta-
tions... !9<43r
8:00p Oregon Kii>r«as,Bacriiiiieuto. Mary*.
«ille. Redding. Portland, I'nget
Hound and l-'.aat 8ll»A
SAM LtAMHill A.M> lUI »V A I>S LOCAL.
-,'-:':.;■ (Foot of Market Street.)
- - 7"jl3a
8:OOa Helrose, Seminary Park, ««0:I»a
o:<»<>A FlM,bT*,Kl»h.rrt, 10:4."iA
I«.««a Utrlibnre;, Klmhant, 11:15*
U1:OOa San Uandro, South S«b 12:15p
lia ; OOM Lc»,..iro, btadlllo, |ij{^
<3:6b'p I Lorenzo, Cherry • <4i45p
4:00p . 13:43p
5:0(»p - - . - »Bd 6:13p
»:3Op HiLvnard*. • Vi**
7:« Op *:4Tp
2:|»Op i Runs through to Nll» ,S'J?. P
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Uaage).
(Foot of Market Street.)
}7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Crua
•md Principal Way Stations $9»©Br
8:13 a Newark. Cen terrille, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3i30»
*2:13p Newark, Ceuteririile, San Jose, New
. - : Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •I«i3»a
4zl3p San Jose, Glenwood & Way Stations 9i3oa
04»13p Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz jiti%»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS mlf CISCO— FooI of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:110 11:00 a.m. (1:00 *2:00 t3:00
•i:00 t5:00 •6:00 P.M.
fromCAUillD— Foot of Broid w»t — "6:00 8:00 10:00*.M.
113:00 •1:00. t3:00 "3:00 |i:00 *B:oor.ii.
COAST DIVISION iNroad Gauge). "~*
'^-'' (Third and Town send St».)
•7:()0-A Kan Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) liBOp
t7:3OA Sunday Excursion for San Jose. .
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations.. ZSsSS*
9:00 a San Jose, Tres Pinos, Bmita Cruz,
Paciilc Grove, Paso Rubles, San
Luis ( )lilspi>. Guadalupe. Surf aud
Principal Way Stations 4:lwr
lOi4Oa San .lose »nd Way .Stations *BiOOa
I1:.1Ua San Jose and Way Stations *Bi33j>
*se:43i-San Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto,
Santa Clara, Man Jose, Gilroy,
Hollister, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Moutsrey and Pacific Grore *IO:3Sa
•3:SO p Sau Jose and Way Stations »9:OOa
*4tl»p San Jose and Principal Way Station* 0:43 a
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Station* 6:33 a
3:3<>p San.Tote an.i Principal Way Station* 3i3Op
«::t«p San Jose and Way Station* 7:30p
f11:45r San Jose and Way Stations 7:30r
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays except*<i. J Sundays only, t Saturday* only
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
I Bandars and Monday*. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK PATS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:85,
8:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:80, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m. .
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10, a. m. ; 1:40, 3:10,
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave . Arrive
San Francisco. la Effect San Francisco.
April 23,
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- I Week
Days. I days. Destination. days. | Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 am Novato, ~Tb:4o"am| 8:40 am
B:3o pm| 9:3o arn Petaluma, 6:10 10:23 am
6:10pm( 6:oopm Santa Rosa. 7:SJpm| 6:22pm
Fulton, * T ~~ ~~
7:10 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
:30pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:22pm
7:3oam I Hopland and I 110:25 am
3:30 pm) 8:00 am | Uklah. [ 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 ami " • • 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:80 pm| __ 6:22 pm
7 am | 8:00 am j Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
and
:10 pm| 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:22 pm
T:SO ami T:00 amT Sebastopol. 110:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pmj 5:00 pm| | 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
pprville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, New Carlsbad
Springs Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett *
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga.
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley John Day's, River-
side, Lierley's. Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights,
HullvlUe, Booneville, Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at • half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bids;.
A W. FOSTER, . - R. X. RYAN,
Pres. an.l Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
■»,«» BWMTC «_ 3 r---ui CALIFORNIA
I^^Mpi LIMITED.
[Wj^ijMaj CHICAGO.
THE ONLY LIMITED TRAIN
FROM CALIFORNIA BY
« ANY LINE,
Leave San Francisco it 4:33 p. -r\.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but wlta-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Pa lacs Drawing Room Sleepers. :i
days to Chicago, 4H days to New York.
'* Trains arrive and depart from Market-str»9t
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1529.
Oakland office. 1118 - Broadway. Sacramento
of nee, 201 J street. San Jose. 7 West Santa .
Clara street. -y. ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
alley railway company.
From September 10, 1537, trains will run as
follows: .
■bound. North-bound.
Passen- 1 Mixed ' Mixed t Passen-
. ger , I Sunday Sta- Sunday ger
Daily. (Exc'pt'd tions. Exc'pt'dl Daily.
7:20 aml 9:00 a m Stockton | 3:45 p m 5:40 p m '
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 pm 3:53 p m
10:40 am 3:50 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:40 am 5:20 pm Hanford 9:45 am 1:15 pm
12:15 pm 6:45 p rrj Visalia 6:40 am ; 12:40 p m
Stopping at intermediate points when, re-
quired.: *•:-■.•,■" :•• ;
- Connections — At Stockton with steamboats of.
C. N. & I. Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. ;m. = dally; at Merced , with
stages to and.fromiSnelllngs. Coultervllle. Yo- ■
Bemlte, etc.; also with .' Btace for : Hornltos,
Mariposa, 'etc. ; at Lankershim' with stage to -
and from Madera. ' . -. -..- . -
Weak Men and Women -
SHOULD USE DA*MIANA BITTERS, THB '
great . Mexican remedy; - elves htalth .am
strength to the sexual organs.
78
OAKLAND PLAYS
A GREAT GAME
A Big Surprise? for the
Frisco Nirtte.
WHEELER PITCHED WILDLY
TOSSED AS THOUGH AT WOODEN
DOLLS.
The Team That Was Expected to Do
Some Great Playing Was a Dis
appointment to the
Crowd.
BY JOE CORBETT.
Mr. Oal Ewlng may not possess a very
ke^n perception of the uncertainty of the.
great national gume, yet the faith and
confidence he displayed when talking of
his team's ability to make the San Fran
ciscos look like a "bunch of question
marks" was certainly not misplaced. It,
however, developed after nine innings of '
•' rag-time" playing that the Oaklands
could play ball a little bit, and that their i
hustling manager, Cal Ewing, knew what
he was talking about. The San Francis
cos, who have evidently been playing a
game faster than they themselves l
thought possible, awakened to the cruel
reality after a few rounds with Ewing's :
braves that there was such a thing as
losing a game. They may have had what
is known in baseball as an "off day."
Their playing to-day was about as good
as Fresno's was tfae day before, the only
difference beine in the score. As was !
the oase In Saturday's game everybody |
expected to see a hard-fought battle, and '
in view of that fact a good crowd was !
present- in fact It was the banner crowd
Of the season.
The assemblage at yesterday's game,
while disappointed in the work of their
home team, was nevertheless given niuny
an opportunity to break loose, as theve
w<re many brilliant plays. H. Krug ac
(l'iiittd Himself admirably In left lield,
making some very pretty throws and '
fine running catches. The Friscos tried :
hard enough to wax, but such playing as
Stroecker put up in right field would de- j
moralize any team. Then AVheeler, who
pitches in "spots." was overcome with I
that tired feeling, as was Thomas in !
Saturday's game, and just to show that j
if necessary he could send a few men to j
bases in the fifth inning began pitching !
as though he was throwing at "wooden :
dolls." Lange, the first man up, was out, j
and then began the "wooden doll act."
Hardie was hit, and so was Sykes. Fail- |
ing to put Sullivan out of the game, b
was given a free passage to first, am
the bases were rilled. Then Mr. Wheele
endeavored to pull himsllf togther, bu
the "pardon came too late." Schmeer
the next batter, sent a hit into center. Sc
did Moskiman, and then Dean hit one t
first, sending in a run on the play. 1
this inning three men crossed the plat
and Mr. Wheeler was directly respon
sible for every one of them. Whethe
his wildness, or rather carelessness
caused the Friscos to work up a "don"
care sort of spirit" 1 am unable to stau
but up to this inning the game was a
very good one, both teams playing ex
cellent ball, and everything pointing to
a warm finish. But It seems as though a
hoodoo follows in the wake of some of
these teams when they play here. If they
do not put up inferior ball at the start
something happens to mar the beauty of
the same at some stage.
Yesterday's game was the same old
s tory— a good start and a hand-me-down
finish, the peculiar part of it all being
the team that was expected to do all or
the brilliant playing fell down. It was
really the greatest surprise of the sea
son and no doubt the Oaklands are of
the same opinion. No one seems capable
of giving a sensible reason as regards the
change of form. The Oaklands' playing
yesterday in every department was su
perb. M'oskiman pitched a good, steady
game and was given almost perfect sup
port. He allowed the Friscos but seven
scattering hits and besides nelded his po
sition. Lang, however, was the brigh
particular star, putting up a game a
third that would have made many a Is a
tional Leaguer "bow his head in shame.'
He did not have so very many chances
but the clever way in which he a.ccepte(
the few that happened his way brough
down the stands "twice over." The game
while not as good as it might have been
contained many brilliant plays, prin
cipally on the Oakland side, and was a
times'interesting. although the boys from
across the bay outplayed their opponent
at all positions and stages of the con
test. The score is as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A E.
H Krug. 1. f S 0 n 0 8 1 1
Mon-han. 3 b 3 1114 3 3
Murphy, 1 b 4 110 7 10
K. Krug. s. s 4 0 2 1111
F.agan, 2 h 4 0 0 0 2 11
Hammond, c 4 0 0 0 7 4 1
Striker, r. f 8 10 0 12 1
Dunleavy, c. f 4 2 2 1 2 0 0
Wheeler, p 4 0 10*40
Totals 85 5 7 3 27 17 8
OAKX.AND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A E.
Donovan, r. f 6 0 1 0 3 0 0
O'Nell. 2 b 5 2 10 4 5 1
Lang 3 b 6 3 2 0 15 0
Ha.r<l!e, c. f 6 3 3 0 10 0
Syke* 1 b 4 2 0 1 11 2 2
Sullivan, c 2 2 10 3 0 0
Schmeer, s. s 5 0 8 0 S 4 1
Mojkiraan, p 5 0 2 0 0 10
Dean, 1. f 4 2 10 110
Totals 42 14 14 1 27 18 4
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 3 0 0 0 3 0 S 2 S— l4
Rape hits 3 3 0 0 2 0 2 3 I—l 4
San Francisco 1 1110000 I—s
Base hits 1 2 1 0 0 0 1 0 2-7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible lor— Wheeler 4. Moskiman 2.
Two-base hits— Wheeler. Dunleavy, K. Krug.
Base on errors— Ban Francisco 3, Oakland 4.
P.afes on balls — Pan Francisco 4, Oakland 8.
Left on bases — San Francisco 6. Oakland 11.
Struck out— By Wheeler S, !>y Mosklman 2.
Hit by pitcher— Hard te. Double play— Eagan
to K. Krug to Murphy. I'assrd balls—Sulli
van 1. Hammond 3. Time of game 2:00. Um
plre — O'Connell. Official scorer— J. W. Staple
ton.
GIANTS BATTLE TO-DAY.
San Franciscos and Athletics
Both Want to Win.
To-day's game being the first played be
tween the two city teams, will undoubted
ly draw a big crowd. The fact that
Messrs. Crowley and Kaplin have bet $300
with Mr. Bunker that their team will win
gives a slight idea of the intense rivalry
existing between the teams. The line-up
Is ;is follows:
San Francisco. Positions. Athletics.
Hammond Catcher •. . bcott
H. Krug Pitcher Fitzgerald
Murphy First base .Stultz
Egan Second base Rellly
Monahan Third base Johnson
K. Krug Short stop — McLaughlin
Hearty Left fie Id Yard
Dunleavy Center field Smith
Stroeker Right field Hildebrand
Defeated the Native Sons.
SAN RAFAEL, May 29.— The Piedmont
Parlor. N. S. G. \Y., team of Oakland
crossed bats with the local baseball team
to-day at the new gTounds east of the
broad-gauge depot. A good frame was
put up by both teams. San Rafael win
ning with a score of 14 to 9.
Baseball at the North.
PORTLAND, May 29.-Seattle 12. hits 12.
errors 3; Portland 2, hits 3, errors 3.
TACOMA. May 29.— Taeoma 8. hits 7,
errors 5; Spokane 10, hits 8, errors 1.
White House Nine Defeated .
WATBONVILLB, May 29.— The Pajaro
Valley Wheelmen baseball club defeated
th« White Hou§» nine of San Francisco
to-day, by a score of » to 2.
GENERAL MERRITT OUTGENERALED
A Chinese Servant Puzzles and Outwits the
Major-General Merrltt. grim old warrior of a score of fields, head of the
Manila army. Military Governor of the Philippines, has met his first de
feat. He got it from a yellow, lantern-Jawed, slant-eyed Chinese armed
with a washrag and a bucket of suds.
When the general entered the suite which had been provided at the
Palace he found that important business awaited attention. He desired to
discuss affairs of state. A Chinese servant was in the room, washing win
dows. They did not particularly need washing, but the yellow fellow was
there under orders and he proposed to finish the Job. The general asked
him to take his suds and go.
"Me no sabe," replied the saffron son of toll, •plashing more water on.
The general argued, but it was useless. He scolded and harangued,
but to no effect.
Affairs of state might wait, bnt the Chinese was bent upon cleaning the
windows. He looked mildly at the general and dipped anew into the suds.
"Me no sabe" was all he said. The general, Jaeing a student of human na
ture as well as of the art of war, suspected* that the intruder was lying.
"John," said he with great solemnity, "don't you know I could have you
shot?"
"You no shootee me," replied John. "Go shootee Splaniard. Me Melt
can man's fiend. Me alle same stlars and stlipes," and a fresh dash of
suds struck the pane.
The general was getting impatient. There was no use in diplomacy.
"Git!" he yelled. "Vamoose! Clear out! You sabe 'clear out,' you
heathen?"
"Me no sabe 'clear out,' " answered John. "Me sabe Melican flag. Me
sabe washee window."
The Military Governor of the Philippines was in despair. Just then a
chambermaid passed the open door. '
"Say." said the general, "come in and induce this heathen to get out."
The chambermaid came in, broom in hand.
"See here," she remarked to John, "skip or I'll break this broom over
your cocoanut." . '
John picked up the bucket of suds and started for the hallway. As he
reached the door he winked at the general. "Me no sabe much; me sabe i
war," he said, and went his way. (
i
A Hard-Fouhgt Game.
STOCKTON. Cal., May 29.— The most
exciting game of the season was played
this afternoon at Goodwater Grove. Sac
ramento won from the local club by tho
; almost remarkable score of 1 to 0. The
; attendance was large and the clever work
• was cheered by the friends of the two
! clubs. Good plays were made on both
i sides. The . play' was fast and furious
I from start to finish. Following is the of
1 flcial score:
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E. j
; Muller. 1. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0 i
Billings, s. 8 4 0 2 0 3 1 0,
Nick Smith. 2 b.... 3 0X0331
1 Selna, 1 b 10 0 0 5 0 1
Rice. r. f 4 0 1 0 0 0 0,
M. {Vhite. S b 3 0 0 0 2 0 2 |
Peters, c 3 0 0 0 7 1 1
H. White, o. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Whalen, p ..3 0 0 0 0 JJ J> !
Totals 28 0 4 0 24 7 6 i
BACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dennie, 2 b 3 0 10 13 1
Peoples, 3 b 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Stanley c 4 0 0. 0 10 8 0
Doyle, r. t 4 12 0 10 0;
Shanahan. c. f 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
J,n.-hhead, s. s 4 0 0 0 i I
Caverly. lb 4 1 0 0 8 0 0
Borland. 1. f 4 0 10 0 0 0
Harvey, p 3 0 .0 0 1 I J>
Totals 84. 1 5 0 V 10 2
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Stockton 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—o
Base hits 0 l 0 1 0 1 0 1 o—4
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 I—l
Base hits 0 1 0 1 1 0 0 1 I—s
SUMMARY.
Double plays— Stanley to Loghead. Loch
bead tv Dennie. Hit by pitcher— M. White.
Passed halls— Stanley 1. Sacrifice hits— N. i
Smith Rice. Left on bases— Stockton 6. Sac- !
ramento 7. Struck out— By Whalen 7, by Har
vey 7. Umpire— R. Levy- Time, 1:50. Scorer
A. 11. Harlin.
A Victory for San Jose.
SAN JOSE. May 29.— T0-day's game \
| -with the Athletics resulted, in a victory |
i for the home team. Fountain held the j
j locals down to one hit, but bases on balls
and costly errors undid his otherwise
! beautiful work. The score was tied in j
• the seventh inning. The Athletics had j
la lead of one in the eighth, but San Jose j
j won out in the ninth by pressing three j
i men across the rubber. Weston's forces j
I were augmented by Brockhoff and Weed, i
j both of whom showed up nicely. The
; score was:
ATHLETICB.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A E.
Smith, o. t 4 G 2 0 0 0 0
ReiUy. 2 b a 0 0 0 6 4 1
McLaughlln, s. «... 4 1 1 0 1 1 2
Stultz. 1 b w S 1 1 0 7 0 1
Scott, c 8 0 J 0 6 0 1
Ford. 1. f 4 0 0 0 2 1 0
Hildebrandt, r. f. ..4 0 1 0 3 1 0
Johnston. S b 4 110 3 11
Fountain p 4 0 0 0 0 0 1
Totals S3 3 8 0 87 8 7
SAX JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A E.
Hanley, I. t 5 10 0 0 10
Hanlon. lb 5 1 0 0 9 0 0
McGucken, c. t 3 10 8 10 0
Fol«y. r. f 3 0 0 12 0 0 1
Weed, 8 b 4 0 0 0 1 2 0
Kent, c 4 0 0 0 8 0 0
Greeninger, 2 b 3 1 0 0 2 1 1
Brockhoff, s. • S 1 1 0 2 2 1
Iberg, p 3 0 0 0 0 6 0
Totals 38 5 1 4 27 12 2
RUNS BY INNINGS.
San Jose 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 0 B—s
Athletics 0 0 0 0 110 1 o—3
SUMMARY.
Two-be.«e hits— Smith, Stultr. Sacrifice hits-
Ford. Hanley, Brockhoff. Iberg. Base on er
rors—San Jose 5, Athletics 1. Base on balls-
Fountain 6. Struck out— By Iberg 6. by Foun
tain 4. L/eft on bases— San Jose 6. Athletics 5.
Passed baJls— Scott 2. Hit by pitcher— Weed.
Iberg, Scott. Time of game — 2:05. Umpire — C.
Sweeney. Scorers — Webber and Doyle.
The Tigers Were Easy Prey.
SANTA CRUZ, if ay 29.— The Fresno
Tigefre were easy prey for the Beach
combers to-day. The latter were full of
ginger and outplayed the Tigers at all
stages of the game. Balsz pitched a
masterly game for Santa Cruz and had
the Fresno stickers guessing throughout.
Santa Cruz scored four times in the sec-
Santa Cruz scored four times in the sec
ond, twice in the third, once In the fourth
anc twice in the eighth. Fresno got her
only run in the fifth. The score was as
follows:
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A E.
■Williams, s. 8 5 1 2 0-4 40
Mclntyre. c. f 5 110 3 0 0
Devereaux, 3 b 5 110 14 0
Stteb, 1. t 5 1110 0 1
McGrath, r. 1 4 2 10 0 0 0
Fitzgerald, lb 5 0 10 9 10
C Daubenbiss, c. ..3 0 2 2 7 3 1
Arellanes, 2 b 4 110 2 0 1
Balsz, p 4 J 10 14 J)
Totals 40 9 11 3 27 16 8
FRESNO.
Early. 2 b 3 0 0 0 112
Held. 1 b 4 0 1 0 10 1 1
Courtney, 9. s 4 0 0 0 1 3 1
Moore, 3 b 4 0 0 13 12
Ferguson, 1. t 4 0 0 0 2 10
McCue. c 5 0 10 2 12
Britain, r. t 2 a 0 0 2 0 0
Thomas, c. t 2 0 0 0 2 0 1
Tawney. p. 3 J. J. J) J. _3 J.
Totals 31. 1 3 1 24 12 10
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Santa Cruz 0 4210002*— 9
Base hits 0 4 8 10 0 2 1 •— ll
Fresno .............0 00001000—1
Base hits 2 00010000—3
SUMMARY.
Earned runs— Santa Cruz 2. Two-base hits-
Williams 2. McGrath, Balsz. Bases on balls-
Off Balez 2. Tawney 2. Base on hit by pitcher
—Early. Struck out — Balsz 5. Tawney 2. ; Pass
ed balls — : Daubenbiss 1, McCue 1. : Base on
errors— Santa Cruz 7, Fresno 1. Time of game
—1:35. Umpire — Creamer. Scorer— Flelsig.
ROAD RECORD BROKEN.
Bunt Smith of San Jose Sets a New
Five-Mile Mark.
GILROY, May 29.— Bunt Smith of the
Garden City Wheelmen broke the five
mile road record to-day over the Oilroy
course between San Martin and Gilroy.
A strong north wind was blowing, and,
paced by a tandem, he crossed the line in
9:01. The coast record, made by George
Hamlln, was 11:11 2-5, and the world's
record, 9:24. by Tom Voux of Colorado
Springs. The tandem record for five miles
also was broken by Julius Smith of the
Garden City Wheelmen and Fritz Lan
ders in 9:01. The former time was 10:22,
by Dixon and Krafts. Bay City Wheel
men. The referee was A. Hostetter;
Judges, E. F. Kendall, T. R. Hanna and
R. Dewart; timers, J. T. Bailey, Charles
Mearß. Tony Delmas and Joe Oelmaa;
starters, Ned Wllliston and F. Walker.
Handball Sports at Ryan's.
The usual game* were. played at : Phil
i_Ryae'« San >. Francisco court, 858 Howard
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 30, 1898.
Grim Warrior.
street, yesterday afternoon. On next Sun
: day the crack players of the city will
visit Mr. Sheehan's new court at San
Mateo, where a suburban court has been
' fitted up for the summer season. Among
1 those who will make their appearance
j there on this occasion are: James C.
I NeaJon, T. F. Bonnet, A. Hampton, M. J.
Kilgallon, J. McGinty, It. Murphy, J.
Collins and M. Maguire of the juvenile
class who are determined to give the
more expert players a rub for their trou
ble in going down the road.
The garm-s at Ryan's were:
11. McNeil and P. Steiner defeated W. Maaion
and <;. McDonald. Score: 21-14. 15-21, 21-17.
J. R. Bookman and D. J. Sheehan defeated
I-. Waterman and E. McDonough. Score: 21-13,
IT-IM. 21-19.
J. I>owllng and T. Foley defeated M. Mc-
Laughlin and R. Houseman. Score: 21-16,
18-21. 21-15.
E. White and W. Hamilton defeated P. Ryan
and M. Basch. Score: 21-13, IS-21, 21-20. .
L. Corraine and 1). Rodsers defeated I.i.
Maher and P. McKlnnon. Score: 21-IS, 16-21,
21-17.
J. White and M. Maguire defeated E. Curley
and J. Collins. Score: 21-16, 14-21, 21-2".
R. Murphy and W. Hamilton defeated M.
McClure and D. Ryan. Score: 21-19. 16-21, 21-17.
J. Condon and G. Maguire defeated M. Klrby
and J. Kirov. Score: 21-14. 15-21. 21-19.
J. Riordan and R. Llnehan defeated T. F.
Bonnet and A. Hampton. Score: 21-17, 15-21,
21-18.
Shattered tJullseyes.
The regular monthly bull's-eye shoot of
the California Sehueizen Club was held
at Sohuetzen Park yesterday. About six
ty members participated. J. F. Robinson
made the bull's-eye. Following were the
■scores of the cash prize winners:
J. F. Robinson, score 2R5; T. J. Carroll. 321;
D. B Factor, *S0; J. N. Subs, 44&; R. Lan
ger, 44.5; C. 13. Turner, 477: A. N. Boyen. 603;
A. liawyler 572; R. Stettin, 604; H. Stetton,
660; Judge Gh C. GroezinK*»r, 704; John Utschig
Sp .. »2f.; U Reubold. 826: J. Wollmer. $30;
John Utschib Jr.. 946; J. Jones. 969; J. C. Wal
ler, 103*1 ; H. Eckmann, 1075; Captain Attinger,
1144; A. Strecker. 1158; C. Eging. 1173; Charles
Sagehorn. 12<i7; A. Gehret. 1233; <). Bremer.
127.".; A. H»rte!sen, 1290: J. Strout, 13M: M. Reu
bold. 1401; L. C. Habin, 1464; F. Schumann,
117:<: O. Meanmelster, 1481: A. Breusa. I486;
A. JunKblut. 1657; W. Nolden. 1914: F. Brandt,
I!>S3; A. Hampel, 2398: F. C. Hagerup. 2483;
John Horstman, 2493. Cadet scores were as fol
lows: K. Woerner. 12.J2; J. Tammeyer, 1309;
W. N. Brandt. 1650.
The regular monthly bull's-eye shoot of
■the San Francisco Turner Schutzen re
sulted In' the following scores, with John
Utschig Sr. in the lead:
John Utsrnig Sr., score, 223; Chris Eglng
630; Charles Sagehorn, 594; Charles Rudolph,
704; Captain F. Attinger, 829: A. Utschig, S3l;
I>. Brune. 8.".4; William Utschig, 899; R. Tlnk
ing. 1124; Charles Nielsen, 1131; Lieutenant F.
Kommer, 1473: R. banner, 158S; O. Beaumels
ter, 173f>; H. Stettin, 2141.
The monthly medal shoot of the San Fran
cisco Turner Drum Corps resulted as follows:
First class — Ben Jonas, score 339. Second class
— George Kreuckel, 2"1.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
George McGowan, the Sonora merchant,
is at the Lick with his wife.
W. H. Sea mans of Sacramento Is one
of the arrivals at the California,
G. G. Kimbnll, a banker of Red Bluff,
and James McT^achlan of Pasadena are
registered at the Palace.
Dr. Ralph Hagan, a prominent physician
of Los Angeles, registered at the Bald
win in company with his wife.
E. J. Ensign and C. P. Ensign, two
merchants of established reputation in
Los Angeles, are at the Palace.
J. E. Ballaine, U. S. N., Gilbert E.
Overton, U. S. A., and Joseph Feasler of
Mare Island, are located at the Occi
dental.
Tester Robinson of Los Ang-eles, M. P.
:.■'! wif.-. of Stockton and M. P.
Marks of Stockton are registered at the
.. ■ in.
A party of Los Angeles residents are
guests at the Baldwin, and include Mrs.
H. T. Wilson, F. R. Wilber. John Barr
and Charles Fleming.
L. Frank and family of Boston and L.
W. Burris. cashier of the Bank of Santa
Rosa, with his wife and son, are among
the arrivals at the California.
Among those who registered at the Oc
cidental are \V. Lucas Jr. of Fresno, J3.
S. Moulton of Riverside, Frank W. Willis
of Colusa and G. L. Kfrby of Vallejo.
William A. Lake, of the Chicago Board
of Trade, accompanied by his wife; John
H. Norton and William EL Kolabird of
Los Angeles, are staying at the Palace.
George H. Ballou, who came up from
San Diego to attend the convention 1 of
the State Republican clubs, will make his
headquarters at the Grand for a few
days.
Frank D. Nicol, an attorney of Stock
ton; R. C. Terry, the well-known Clayton
vineyardist, and C. M. Coughlan, secre
tary of the State Board of Equalization,
are at the Lick.
Among those who wrote their names on
the Lick House register are H. Hirsch
field, a Bakersfield merchant; J. B. John
son, an attorney of Fresno, and Walter
Mills, a mining man from Grub Gulch, in
Shasta County.
David F. Walker, a capitalist off Salt
Lake City, who has just returned from an
extended European trip, is registered at
the Occidental and intends to locate in
this city permanently.
Judge N. Blackstock of Ventura, E. E.
Biggs, a banker of Gridley; Judge S. L.
Hogue of Fresno, Dr. N. J. Wedgewood
of Lewiston, Me., and Joseph Gillette, a
prominent attorney of Eureka, are among
the guests at the Grand.
DRUNKEN DEFAMERS PUNISHED
Two Men Insult Soldiers and Are
Roughly Handled by a Citizen.
Fred Hanson and Joseph Donnelly, two
intoxicated hoodlums, were taught a les
son In patriotism yesterday that they will
not soon forget. Besides being roughly
handled for treasonable utterances they
were thrown into prison for drunkenness.
The two men were reeling along Mar
kt street quarreling with all whom they
met, and when opposite The Call office
stopped two of Uncle Sam's visiting vol
unteers. Curses and aspersions were
thrown at the latter with a view to en
gaging them in a brawl, hut the soldiers,
seeing their condition, tried to evade
them. Not so a passing citizen. Being
Imbued with the enthusiasm that per
vudes the general mind, the Insults that
were being heaped on the strangers and;
on the Stars and Stripes waa like placing
a red rag before an enraged bull. "With
out stopping for explanations he stepped
between the combatants and shot out a
good-sized American first, landing on
Hanson's nose, making him see stars and
striping his countenance with gore. Han
son fell to the pavement, and on rising
pulled a knife on his chastiser, making
a vicious lunge at him. A bystander
Jerked his arm at the moment, otherwise
he might have cut the patriot; as it waa
the knife grazed his hat. The now angry
unknown sailed in and treated the de
ramer to a well-merited drubbing. Upper
cuts, left swings and rights from the
shoulder landed all over Hanson's anat
omy and when merciful onlookers inter-
SV c< * he Presented a sorry spectacle,
mood oozed from his mouth and nose
and from a deep gash in the head. Han
son was taken into the Wonder Drug
btore by his cowardly and weeping pal,
Donnelly. Officers McNamara and Tyr
rell placed the men under arrest, to the
satisfaction of all who witnessed the !
trouble.
A SOLDIER INSULTED.
John Cronin Causes a Row and Gets
the Worst of It.
A party of soldiers were passing the
i merry cup yesterday afternoon In a sa
loon on the corner of Fifth avenue and
l>onqs street, when one of the bluecoats
was insulted by an inebriated civilian, and
a row Immediately resulted. The combat
ants were pushed Into the street, where
I the engagement was completed. The sol-
I dier proving the bettor fighter, laid nis
j opponent supine in the dust. The civilian,
I afterward booked in the O'Farrell street
: Police Station under the name of John
Cronin, recognizing his inferiority as a
, fighter with listie weapons, brandished a
; large and terrifying cheese knife, which
he had concealed under his coat, but be
; fore he had time to use it he was seized
j by Detectives Wrenn and Gibson, who
happened to be present, and the mal-
I feasor and the cheese cleaver were soon
j separated. Cronin was lodged in the
; O'Farrell street station, charged with car
rying a concealed weapon and disturbing
; the peace.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL..
T Fay, Chicago J McCommachle, LAng
M Sohe, Salt Lake Mrs Perkier, Cal
G D Oates, Nevada J W Wood, Pasadena
L Provine, Nevada J S Cox, Piisadena
E L Hall, Minn J Harris, Cal
M L Rowell. Fresno A Pierce. Paeadena
J H Corlty, Oakdale H Chapman, Redding
J A Bellote, S Jose R Allen, Redding
C Bliss & w, S Jose c Rltrhinson, Redding J
O C McMullen, Sacto SLi Hogue, Fresno
C F Colon, Vallejo J Clinkscule&w. L Ang
F Hodapp, Martinez H C i^walri. Red Bluff
G A Smith, S Rafael O F Tllton, Denver
E P Janiea, Oakland C B Conn, Sacto
J A Munroe, S Mateo C Blaush. Facto
E Spen.er. S Diegx> Miss Judd, Sacto
Mrs Kerr, lowa J Judd, Sacto
Mrs Bacon, lowa J Judd Jr, .Sacto
C Rlack & w, lowa |J Pnrington&w, Sacto
W West bay & w StknlDr Wedgnoss, Me
T H Ballon, S Diego Miss Webb, Me
E E Biggs. Gridley J Anderson. Sacto
N Blaekstock, Ventura .1 Glllett & w. Eureka
G <'unningham, Cal ' Miss Van Meter. Sacto j
W Collier, Riverside C ('lark. Xapa
O A Johnston, L Ang Miss Clark, Napa
F McCormlck. (al 8 Frankenhelm, Btkn
A Smith & r, Stockton F Sand.rs A w, Fresno
T E Raynes, Yreka L 1- Green, Orovllle
J Riddle & w. L Gato.s C Johnson, S Rosa
W Hunt. S Catalina J Longley &; w Stfd
F D Ryder, S Jose G Nichols &8. 8 L O
P Nutter, Salt Lake A Hudson. Mervea
Mrs Morrissey&c, Okld Jud^e Good Ing, L Ang
Miss G Templeton, Cal C F Derby. L Ang
M B Corwln, L Ang J H Glsh, L Ang
R A Kimbrough, Sa.-t" H I> Wade, L Ang
L H Lewis A w, Sacto B N Smith, L Ang
Miss Lietjens. Sacto W Allen. L Ang
J E Govan, Sacto V W Nutter. Redlands
H Schmid, Zurich J Hough. Redlands
P Boehm, Zurich F .Vofztger. Redlands
M Wlttinger, Napa Capt Goff. S Bernardo
C Marronart, Napa L Putnam, Oakland
O M Burgess, St Louis T King, Hoboken
A de Leur&w. L- Ang H W Alden. S Diego
PALACE HOTEL.
A D Witters, Tex Excursionists —
F W Baker, USA B G Bryan & w
F J Adams, USA Mrs J L Blakesle*
A Sahlberg, Mexico Mrs S A Dayton
J W Suetterle, \Vi« C W Brett & w
Mrs J Suetterle, Wis S R CoftlC
Miss Suetterle, Wis Mrs S R Crale
N A Armstrong, En« E Llpplncott
T Couch, ilent Mrs E Lippincott
H Pearson, N V I. Miss A Lipplncott
W StHnt.n, N V ! H I^lppincott
P B Strong, USA ! Mrs H Llpplncott
R X Calkins. Mont (l( l Mrs II I. Miller . |
R X Steele, Cal I Miss N Walter
G B Barham. I- Ang Sirs A B Shoemaker
II H Pitcher, Cal B Merriam
D Van Voorhis, T r S A Mrs B Merriam
M A Cohen, N V IMr 3 W R Chester
E S Babeock, Cal ! Miss M C Chester
J G Roberta, Ma/ler* I Mlsg X W Bennett
J H Norton, L Ang 'Miss M Howlan.l
W H Holablrd. Cal I J Corbett
J S Cbilds, N V ! Miss H L Corbett
W !i Lake, Chirago |R Hahne
Mrs W H Lake, ilTigo ! I Roberts
E J Ensign, L Ang C H WMlson
C P Knsign, L Ang I Miss E Wallace. Cal !
H B Weller, Keawlcfc Miss R Stanley, Cal
E Rldeout. Marysvllle I L Stein, N V
Mrs W B Dulley, Stfd W H Douglas, Chicago
Raymond & Whltcomb! Mrs Douglas, Chicago
Mrs D Fock & 8 c, F M Storke, Stanford
Batavia Mrs B Adams, S Rosa
W B Dulley, Stanford G G Kimball. R Bluff
Miss Wilier. Batavia i J A Silverman. Cal
D Fock, Batavia i"W A Nichols. USA
BALDWIN HOTEL.
"W H Govern, BaCtO W F Stone & w, Cal
J O Close, B H Alliance J L Beoris, St Louis
M E Harris, Oakland R Summers, Vallejo
J F Critchlow, Cal 3 F Muoklam, Jackson
V F Penln, Chicago G H Anderson, S Jos
E L Foster, Vallejo W B Parker Jr. Cal
D B Maglll, Oakland Miss E Fay, Cal
ICisa Brlgga, L Ang C A Fuller, Fresno
B F Dovrne. S Diego W F Parker. L Ang
G J Griffith. L Ang J B Bushnell, L Ang
C !•'«>, Iti.korsfleld W G Libure, L Ang
D W Hogan & w, Cal G W Campbell, L Ang
T Robinson. L Ang J T Strine. L Ang
N Abrams, Hanford J W Harvey, L Ang
P Hunrzsr-h, Kresno Mrs H I Wilson. Cal
L Henry. Fresno F R Willis, L Ang
J S Hermann, Fresno J Burr, L Ang
M P "Stein & w, Stktn C Fleming, L Ang
M P Marks. Stktn E S CiprtCO, L Ang
H Hardman, Sarto W S Mcßroom, USA
L S Alexander, Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J D Smith, Chicago I A Morris. Marttnes
B M Bassett, FalrfleldlF Wldar, S Jose
A S Johnson. Chicago J J Thomas, L Ang
T McKlsslck. Stktn J MoCormick. Cal
J Murtha, Vallejo J Bernard. Tulare
J Mulroy, Antloch !L F Hoffman. Mont
W D Claussen. Fresno! C Arnold. S Diefjo
T R Prevost, Pacto :H Pendleton. Sacto
C Ordway. Toledo iMiss M Whitney, Cal
A Holmes ft w. Stktn |Mrs M A Wright. Cal
A M Stuart, S R.osa I
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SST Hayes street ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
«15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
mi Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
?526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
IMB Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
etr("(s: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. •
Jt.iyal Arcb Masons. meets THIS _ J\_
EVENING. P. M. an.l M. B. M <!h- TCjK
grees. H. G. PRINCE, Secretary, /^r >
KINO BOLOMON'B Ixxlgfl No. 260. P. m
and A. M.. Franklin Hall. 1839 Fill- _J\_
more st.— Third decree THIS iMON-jCjf
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By/V>
order of the Master.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
SPECIAIi NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country-. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 5580.
MISS LESSER, genuine massage and vapor
treatments. 124 Sixth St.. room 2.
MISS L. DEAN. 917 Market; parlors 11 and 12.
Turkish baths and massage treatment.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 29 Grant aye., room 5.
MISS WILLIAMs7~IOIV4 Grant aye., cor. Geary,
room 15; vapor and cabinet baths.
MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MKS STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120^i Geary st., room 11.
ELEVENTH,' 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscription? and ada taken.
MISS MAY'S genuine electric treatment for
rheumatism. 109 Grant aye., room 4.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans;
baths and massage. 1118 Market St., rm. 8.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitenod. SI. Hart-
mann Paint Co., 343 Third st. and 2SOB 24th.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
DIVIDEND NOTICED.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 81 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceaniu Steamship
Company wl.. be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., on and alter
Wednesday, June 1, 1898. Transfer books
will olo»e on Thursday, May 26, 1888, ax 2
o'clock p. m.
X. H. OHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMAJJBL_
GERMAN girl, best of reference, desires a
situation to do cooking: and housework. J.
F. CROBETT & CO.. 316 Sutter at.
LADIES In need of help will find that we have
I on hand a supply of cooks, housegirls, sec-
ond girls. nursegirls, - etc C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st. ,
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook and laundress de-
sires situation; best references; city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
RESPECTABLE American woman greatly In
need of work; In a small family; Is a Rood
plain cook; clean and tidy; obliging; good
references. Call 245 Natoma st.
WOMAN, pood German cook, wishes position
In lunch house or as housekeeper; city ref-
erences. Address A. L., box 4441, Call office.
HOUSEKEEPER'S position by respectable
Mexican lady; kind to children. Call at 1103
Powell st., corner Washington.
SITUATION by a German girl for upstairs
work or nurseglrl. Address 210 Eddy st.
NEAT, trustworthy middle-aged woman desires
situation to assist or light housework- with
email private family. Address box 4445, Call.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework and cooking; city or country;
good references. 732 Howard st., near Third.
DRESSMAKER, good cutter and fitter, will
work by the day; 750 and car fare. 522
Stevenson St.
WOMAN with a child 6 years wishes situation
to do housework; good cook. 657 Harrison St..
middle flat.
SITUATION wanted for general housework In
country; good cook. 1 Essex place.
GERMAN widow with a child would like a
place to do cooking or general housework or
housekeeper; city or country. Call at 336 3d.
LADY piano player wishes position or to assist
in hotel, rooming house or any place of
trust. Address K. D.. box 2, Call, Oakland.
YOUNG German girl, aged 15 years, to help in
kitchen. Call 1305 Mission st., bakery.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook wants situation In
American family; good references. 1022 Lar- j
kln st.
REFINED, capable young woman; will work
in any capacity; doctor's office, lady's com-
panion, invalid's attendant or assist in house-
work; good reader, sewer; references. Box
4470, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes place to do
general housework; is good cook; will work
for moderate wages; city or country; no pos-
tal cards. 10 Stockton place, between Stock-
ton st. and Grant aye.
WANTED— Position as seamstress by a compe- j
tent middle-aged German dressmaker, or to j
take charge of a shop; city or country. Call I
or address IS2I Mason Bt.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker desires a few more j
engagements ; tailor suits a specialty; $1 50
per day: city or country. Address box 4560,
Call Office.
TWO girls from the Ea«t want places for
housework and experienced children's nurse.
411 Fourth st.
WOMAN wishes to do work In the city or
country. Call 337 Howard St., room 53.
YOUNG girl wishes place at light housework.
Call 526 Eddy st., two days.
DRESSMAKER, good fitter and cutter, would
like engagements by the day; tailor suits a
specialty. 1369 Sacramento St., between Hyde
and Leaven worth.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like position to
care for sick lady or could do light house-
work; city preferred. Box 4448, Call office.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation as
housekeeper In private family or hotel; best
of references. Address 351 Hayes st.
EASTERN lady wishes position to work In
country or do housekeeping. 45 Minna St.,
between First and Second.
LAI'N'PRKSS wishes situation in hotel or
boarding house; references; first-class cook.
Call nr address 927' i Washington at.. M. S.
RUTLEDGE.
PUKSSMAKER wishes few more engagements
by the day; terms Jl 50 <ay; ref. 505 Jones.
RELIABLE woman wouic! like sewing to do
at home. MKS. EFFIE SIMOX. 1907 Harrl-
SITUATIONS WA\TEU-SIALE.
EMPLOYERS OF COOKS, waiters, bakers,
etc., v.lll find it to their advantage to secure
such through J. F. CROPETT & CO., VIS
Sacramento St.
FIRST-CLASS help with the best of references.
Call at LEON ANDRE'S, 31*5 Stuckton st.
CHINESE ar..: Japan Employment Office;
best help. 414'j OFarrell St.; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese testab. 20 years) fcslp;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. C4O Clay at.
SOUER. industrious young man v.-lshes situa-
tion about private family; good horseman
and gardener and man ahout place; beat of
references. Address box 4451, Call office.
GEORCE R. CALI.ATIN, all round pastry-
cook and baker. Room 12, International Ho-
tel.
KI.Ki 'TRICIAN; Japanese, with good certifi-
i-ate. desires a situation as assistant engi-
neer. .1. V., 410 Franklin st.
MACHINIST and tool maker accustomed to
Jigs and tools for the production of duplicate
parts, turret tools, dies, etc. Address box
4502. Call office.
WANTED—By a first-class man of middle age,
as coachman and gardener; thoroughly un-
derstands his business; can milk and make
himself useful; best of city reference. Ad-
dress JOHN, box 4454. Call office. •
COACHMAN' wants position; thorough horse-
man; single; total abstainer; city or country;
best reference. Box 4496, Call office.
AMERICAN man and wife would like to take
charge of gentleman's place in country. Call
or address P. F.. 521 Howard St., in bakery.
ASPAYER of 10 years' practical experience de-
sires a position of some kind in his line; will
go to any place. Address box 4487, Call office.
GOOD French gardener wishes position on
private place; city reference. 1125 Stockton.
TOUNG German 24 years old wishes work of
any kind; as waitor. driver or anything;
worked 14 months at the last plaoe. Address
box 4461. Call oftuv.
SIT.CATION wanted by middle-aged man aa
man about place or to do porter or janitor
work; city or country. Box 4449, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a Dane, aged 50; was
working 14 years in Oakland as coachman:
gardener or man about place; has some ex-
perience in cooking, baking and housework;
Is a total abstainer: left last place for
Alaska; good references. Call or address 331
Kearny St.. room K.
POSITION desired by thorough double entry
bookkeeper of 15 years' experience; who also
understands telegraphy; married; age 3S
years. Box 5624, Call office.
WANTED— A position as traveling salesman;
very best of references ptven. Box 4506. Call.
YOUNG man 21 years of age desires position,
wholesale house preferred; 4 years in last
place; will give references. Address box 4522.
Call office.
YOUNG man wants employment evenings and
Sundays; willing to do anything; can furnish
excellent references. Address M. F. J., box
4."14, Call office.
CARPKT-LAYER wishes situation; furniture
store or will go out by day: cleans and relays
carpets $1 50 per day. Address 2211 San An-
tonio aye., Alameda.
FIRST-CLASS meat cook In hotel. European
plan; also wife as chambermaid; years of ex-
perience. Address box 4526. Call office.
TO Butchers — A young man seeks employment
in the country: shop, slaughter house or
wagon. Address W. LINES, 653 Folsom St.,
near Third.
BOOKKEEPER— Competent, first-class double
entry and correspondent, desires position of
trust; Al city reTerences. Box 4563, Call.
STEADY young German wishes position on a
gentleman's place; good horseman; can milk:
good references; small wages. Box 4557, Call.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St., near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WAITRESS and chambermaid, country hotel,
$20; cook, small hotel, $25; Ironer in laundry,
$1 50 day: cook, some housework, 3 in fam-
ily, $25; second Kirl and laundress. $25; 3 Ger-
man and Scandinavian second girls. $20; girls
for housework , Sonora. $20; Berkeley, $20;
Santa Rosa, $25; San Rafael. $25. and city.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher wanted on custom
coats. Please address box 4444, Call office.
NEAT girl to assist housework and children.
923 Dolores St., near Twenty-second.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; wages
$1.". Call after 9 a. m., 219 Eddy st.
WOMAN and child as working housekeeper, $10.
MISS CI'LLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MISS EMMA PIERCE, waitress, please call
MISS CULL.EN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, $20; chambermaid, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
COOK, $25; 2 second girls, $20 and $25; 8 youne
girls, ; assist, $10 to $13. : MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. " ■■'-: :•'-.-: •'-.-- : ; :
WAITRESSES, different country hotels, $20;
ranch cooks and housework girls for the coun-
try. i $15 and $20. MURRAY •& - READY, . 634
■ and 636 Clay st. ; ..« : ' ; ..-; .. ■ •
dIHL for fleeond work and waiting, $20; girl for
housework, $25. 631 Lerkla it. •■
HELP WANTED— Continued.
TWO waitresses and one chambermaid for the
same country hotel, $20 each, see party here;
one waitress, another hotel. $20. C. R.
HANSEN. 104 Geary st.
PANTRY girl $25; middle-aged * woman for
German cooking in summer resort $30; hotel
c-fok resort. $25; hotel cook, city, $25; 6 wait-
resses for country hotels and summer resorts;
3 restaurant waitresses, city and country. $5
and $6 C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
COOK and house girl for small private family.
Reno Nev.; no washing; no baking. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
50 HOUSE girls for city a"nd country, $15. $20. j
!«• also second girls, nurse girls and young
girls to assist. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. - ,
HOTFL shop, office and store clerks. Ladles'
Exchange; strictly confidential; 1239 Market.
LADIES' private secretary, managing hotel
• housekeeper. north, to-day. 313 Bush st.
pnnk'KFFTR first-class double entry and
corespondent position of trust. 313 Bush st.
CARE taker gentleman's place during summer;
care house and put up fruit. 313 Bush st.
CHARGE of fashionable rooming house, giving
6 o'clock dinner. 313 Bush st. '
LADY charge of department, to visit branch
of flew; confidential 313 Bush st.
WANTED German girl for general house-
work; must understand cooking; small wash.
2016 Vallejo st. '
WOMAN. 20 to 25. light housework: one In
family; wage* $8. Write or call 1 p. m., at
710 Lombard st.. cor. Montgomery aye.
WANTED-A young girl 14 to 16 years^ assist
in light housework; $5 per month. 109 South
Park. - .
EXPERIENCED book folders wanted. 508 Clay
it., top floor, Nlantlc building-
WANTED -Girl for lipht housework. 138 Pros-
pect place. _j
WANTED— An elderly woman or young girl
to mind baby and assist in light housework;
good home. Call 1511 Geary st.
Woman between 21 and 34 for light house-
work; good home; fair pay for right party.
Call for one week. 116 Taylor st>
100 EXPERIENCED operators on shirts, duck
coats and pants. NEWBAUER BROTHERS.
IS First st.
HOTEL, fhop, office and store clerks. Ladies"
Exchange: strictly confidential: 1239 Market.
PUPILS wanted at Rood's Dressmaking
School; work solicited; prices very cheap. 207
Taylor.
M KSEGIRL for country, near Menlo; wages
$10. Call mornings at 1636 Hyde St.
LEARN dressma. ng and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist, 1118 Market
St.; monthly troubles, etc., cured at once.
LA WHENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
fct. ; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
616 LARK IN ST.— Branch office of The Ca.».
Subscriptions and want ads taken. .
HELP WANTED-MALB.
WANTED— 6 quartz and drift miners, $2 and
$2 B0 and board; pattern maker; milkers, $25;
garderu-r and man about place for Institution,
$25; German grocery clerk. $35; boys to learn
b'lass trad.*; errand boy; laborers for coun-
try, $1 TO a day; painter. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED— Cook for officers to go to Manila:
bread and cake bal.er for nice country place,
i,(<: second cook for nice lunch house, $45;
second cook, restaurant. $10 a week; cook,
country, $40; cook and wife for restau-
rant. $55. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
U2B Sacramento st.
GROCERY' clerk, city Job, $8 week; grocery
clerk, country Job, $20 and found. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay St., Leading Em-
ployment Agents.
t CO >KS for hotels. $60, J5O, $40 and $30: 5 cooks
for restaurants, $50, $40 and $30; 5 waiters, $25
and $20; 6 waiter boys, $10, $15 and 1 $20: 6
dishwashers. $20. $15 and $10; bed maker, city
Job, $25. MIRRAY' & READY, 634 and 636
Clay Ht.
35 MINERS for different places, $2 50 day up,
for banks, trusts, corporations, etc. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay St., Leading Em-
ployment Agints.
MACHINE blacksmith, $2 to $2 50 day; wood
turner; cabinet maker. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay St., Leading Employment
Agents.
'■ 2 STABLEMEN, city and country Jobs. ML'R-
I RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St., Leading
Employment Agents.
226 WOOI 'CHOPPERS. $1 r,O, $125. $1 and 70e
cord; -20 tie makers for different places.
MURRAY £ READT, 634 and 636 Clay St.,
Leading Employment Agents.
3 LABORERS for a city manufacturing com-
pany. $20 and found. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay et.
4 CHOREMEN and boys for ranches, etc.. $10,
$12 and $15; boy to learn trade. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay St., Leading Em-
ployment Agents.
10 TEAMSTERS, city Jobs, $175 day. MUR-
RAY & READT, 634 and 636 Clay st.
10 LABORERS, olty Jobs, $1 75 day. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay at.
3 BUTTER makers. $30 and $25 and found; 6
milkers. $25 and $20-. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay 6t., Leading Employment
Agents.
10 SCRAPER teamsters for a large ranch, $20
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and «36
Clay st.. Leading Employment Agents.
13 MEN to cut brush, clear land, etc., $20 and
found, for a great San Francisco corporation.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.,
leading Employment Agents.
A— MARRIED OR SINGLE
6 laborers wanted for a city Job. $1 76 day;
board yourself where you like. MURRAY &
READY. C 34 and 636 Clay St., Leading Em-
ployment Agents.
26 FARM, orchard and vineyard hands, $26, $25,
$20 and $15. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
63« Clay st.
3 WASHERS, country laundries; 2 lfoners,
country laundries. MURRAY & READY. 63J
ami 036* Clay st.. Leading Employment Agents.
BAKER, H8 and found. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay St.
ITALIAN or French cook, $50 and found: coun-
try job. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay St., Leading Employment Agents.
MAX between the age of 30 and 40 years, with
testimonials as to -^hriety, honesty and
alertness for a night watchman's position:
good salary; small bond required. Call early
on C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
BAKER and pastry cook for a springs hotel,
$45; bread and cake baker, country shop, $50
and fare paid, see party here; bread and cake
baker, shop near city. $40 and found ; sec-
ond bread baker. $35 and found; second cook,
who can make biscuits, muffins, etc., $10 a
week; fry cook, $40. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
MAX and wife for a private place In the coun-
try. $60 and found, references: call 9 a. m.,
Monday. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
NEAT experienced barber for a good country
hotel shop. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Oeary.
WASHER, country steam laundry. $30 and
found, see party here: starcher and polisher,
$12 a week. C. ft. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
50 TEAMSTERS. laborers and tunnel men for
new railroad work, $20 and board to $2 50 a
day and free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO ,
104 Geary st.
in BARKERS and cross cutters for the woods,
$35 a month and board: 18 laborers, $1 a day
and b^ani; all to go Monday afternoon. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Employers of holp to take notice 1
W. I). EWER & CO. supply help to 10 $2r>,-
000,000 syndicates, 15 banks, with an average
capital of $ir>,o'X),noo each, and all the lead-
ing millionaires of the country. If they deal
with us for another year or two we will make
them all rich. Any old syndicate, trust,
bank, great, great sawmills or great, great
mines, not doing business with us now had
better get in line before it is too late. We
can readily, readily supply up to 3000 men
per day and then not miss them. Last month
we shipped 17.000 men. Remember, 17 000
men, and if Uncle Sam can't fill his last
call for 70,000 men we will get them for him
on short notice and charge nobody a cent.
If you want good help or If you want work,
go to W. D. EAVER & CO., 626 Clay St.; the
only reliable ofnce on that street. Remember,
17,000 men in one m-jnth.
RESPONSIBLE man of good appearance as
amusement house ticket taker; to-day. 313
Bush st.
NIGHT manager restaurant; country hotel
manager; quarry foreman; to-day. 313 Bush.
MAN for ranch who understands raising poul-
try- by incubator; also butler. 313 Bush st.
RARE opportunity for a man with small capi-
tal; control of business. 313 Bush st.
MAN to drive a laundry wagon and collect;
well acquainted. 313 Bush st.
BOOKKEEPER, wholesale house: bill clerk;
ship chandler's clerk; dock watch. 313 Bush.
EXPERIENCED pitch vein coal miners at
Tesla, Alameda County, 45 miles from San
Francisco; steady work; good wages; only
good miners ne*d apply. Address TESLA
COAL CO., room 515, 328 Montgomery, 8. F.
GOOD cook for restaurant. 108 Seventh st.
CABINET maker wanted. Apply Potrero Fur-
niture Co.. 17th and Wisconsin sts.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 210 First st.
TAILORB wanted for seat room. 803 Mont-
gomery St., room 6, third floor; convenient.
„ WANTED— Coolc. 234 O' Fan-all at-
j HELP WANTED— Continued.
FIREMAN and run engine for dredger. $30
and found: 2 sailors for ' dredger, $25 and
found; 2 laborers for dredger. $25 and found -
cellar man for vineyard, $26; grocery clerk.
Sin to $30; farm hands, $20 and $26; wood-
chopper on shares; boarding house waiters.
?■» S??^* 20 ' ccabletn et maker, piece work. R.
T. WARD & CO.. 60S-610 Clay st.
BARBER wanted for country. $20 per week
must have $75 cash. Apply at GILBART*9
grocery, corner Dupont and Union Bts.
BARBER Shop— Will trade for a shop in small
country town or sell: a good paying 3-chalr ;
_ "hop, mci nc and 2."c. in the city. Box 4446. Call.
ACTIVE solicitors wanted everywhere for
Americas Battle for Cuba's Freedom;" of-
ficial war book; all about Spain. Cuba.
armies, navies war and all great command-
v^n£ p i! c de! "''irt''-'i of Dewey's famous
bonk «w S com PP ete biography; biggest
' trat»rt-T "I pas , es: magnificently illus-
mfssi™ -n' ?l>> " Irlous1 rlous demand; only $1 50; com-
Slcfif frr? o i, bona . nza for agents; 30 days'
THF DOMfwr^Ar? 11 *?? fref> - w rit c quick.
■■ ■■ DOMINION CO.. Dept. 32. Chicago.
R marVne IT ;? w:u \\ t r' i '<<? the UnUed States
marine corps. I nited States navy; able-
'i ,n'i vu n nmarrled mpn - between the ages of
United I, , years ' vh " are citizens of th»
o£l»* !! T tatPS or those wno have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
De or good character and habits and able to
sp .ik._r--.d - aml write English, and be be-
raven ° feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height. Fop
nVfi nr-?n r -?, rmatlon apply at the r%crultinc
_office. jo {Ellla ) syn Saix, Francisco. Cal.
W T £?~^ La borers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
Brooniß;:2sc;per,nlght; $1 to $3 per week.
M TED ~~ I RR u f!ponslble man of good appear-
an. c as night watchman; references; and
board - Address box 4.'00. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS salesman with moderate capi-
tal; make $300^ m0.; fine chance. S2 Flood bid*.
2000 PAIR; another lot men's shoes; been
slightly damaged: at less than one-fourth,
their value; from 75c to ?2 50. 562 Mission St.
™mvi?™:% F^ f .°r prlntlnß - Apply P *
WANTED— Man to drive laundry wagon; must
give $125 security; salary $10 week, with room,"
and board. Box 4662, Call office.
WANTED— men for Alaska mines; wages
$10 per day; leave June 5. Box 4606, Call office.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. South 628.
ROSEDALE HOUSE. SH Enta—tOO furnisha4
room?; 2.ic night; $1 week; reading room.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. Elnrope. HERMAN'S, it Steuart st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office, si
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 138.
WANTED — Seamen and ordinary seamen tot
Alaska, Puget Sound. Mexico, etc.; apply
Mariners' Home. W. W. LANK. 504 Davis st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third st., neai
Market; 200 rooms; 2."c a nitht; reading ronmj
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— At Montana House, 784'j Mission,
men to take rooms; 10c. 15e and 25c pet
night: 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
SINGLE rooms; 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox- Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 967 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room; &ie a night; $1 a week.
501 PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoe*
• half price; half-soling. 3T.c. ft."3 Howard st.
MEN tr> Ifarn barber trade in eight weeks. 8.
F. Barber College. 13SU Eighth st.
MAP.KE'- 4— Branch office 'of The Call; want
'■ ads and subscriptions taken. ■'/>./;
AGENTS WASTED.
100 BRINGS samples & catalogue of patriotic
emblems, etc., by return mail. Quick! Manu-
facturer, box 1275, Boston, Mass.
AGENTS wanted for "Our Naval War "With
Spain"; splendidly illustrated; only au-
; . thentic book to be published; free outfit now
ready; act quick. National Publishing Com-
pany. Lakeside building, Chicago.
; AGENTS wanted— Murat Halstead's great war
book. "Our Country In War"; all about
armies, navies, coast defenses, Maine disas-
ter, Cuba, war with Spain and relations with
foreign nations; nearly 600 pages; all written
since Maine disaster: magnificent colored Il-
lustrations; agents making $10 to $33 per day;
no experience necessary; liberal terms; &l
days' credit: price low; freight .paid; outfit
fr»e: send 9 2-c stamps to pay postage. Edu-
cational Union, 324 Dearborn St., Chicago.
AGENTS for good paying business; eld Jewish
people. Apply 1122 Market st.
i A FEW good agents can make big money. Call
; 33 Third st. *,
FCRNITt'RE WASTED.
' INDIANA Auction Co.- Removed ■ to 19 .Mont-
gomery St.: highest price paid. Tel. Davis 71.
WANTED- M I st
WANTED— At 619 Mission St., tool^~machlnZ
cry. metals, stoves and wrenches, etc.
WANTED — Two good second-hand Junior
Monarch hay presses; state condition, loca-
tion, lowest price to O. A. KNOTT, Trask's
Postofflce, Sacramento River, Cal.
CASH paid for old gold and silver; any quan-
tity. ROBERT BENJAMIN, 11l Ellis st.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver. cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN, 41 Third.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9 39
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and -want ads taken.
MUSICAL IXSTHIMKXTS.
AS ■— « are selling good upright pianos for M
cash and $6 per month, we ark you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per ir^nth. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Bts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oak<ind.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houss
west of Chicago is KOHLER & f^ASE'9,
26. 2S and !*0 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and "' oth°r musical Instruments of all
grades and pri' — Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
CLARK, WISE & CO.. cor. Grant aye. and
Geary st., agents Conover, Kingsbury and
other pianos; opened May 1; new stock; spe-
cial prices; easy terms; inspection Invited.
SECOND-HAND pianos at all prices: terms
extremely accommodating. BENJ. CTTRTAZ
& SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell St., agents for th«
Chlckerlng md other pianos.
A BTEINWAY piano for $100; a ChickerJng tor
$90; examine list of bargains this week. THE!
P. W. BPENCER CO.. 93?, Market St.
SOTIMER ft CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans,
Brlggs and other pianos; see our r»nt plan;
no Interest first year. 308. 310, 312 Post St.
NEW pianos rented. $2 50 per month. SCOTT*
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. MO Hayes ?t.
BEST goods: lowest prices; easy payments;
pianos to rent at MAUVAIS*, TSJ Market st.
BARGAINS— SIOO, $125. $150; agency famous
Haines Bro3. W. C. HAMILTON. "M Post st.
GREAT bargains; Decker. Schubert. Steinway,
Xeuman. others. Horn ting's, 215 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: prlcp lowest: uprights $76 upj
rents $2 up. HEINE, 13» Ellis St.
A GOOD upright, vry rheap. 1« McAlllstM
St., next Hiber !.i Bank. BCTOCTTg.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUI'ERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H,
ML'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Litfaam place.
LOST.
LOST— reward; black and white Japanese
pug dog: near Golden Gate Park Sunday.
Above reward if returned to 262 Frederick at.
LOST— Fox-terrier dog, with black and brown
head: black spot on body and tall. Return, to
216 Perry st. and receive reward. « -
LOST— Scotch collie dog, female: medium size;
color dark brown. Liberal reward if returned
to SOS Taylor gt. ■ - . --,;/v;^
LOST— RoII of typewritten manuscript, on
l Montgomery. Sutter or Kearny sts., bet. Mills
building and Post st. Finder will please re-
to room 43. ninth floor. Mills building.
LOST— May 27. pocketbook containing paper* ot
no value except to the owner. Return to
southeast cor. Sutter and Kearny sts., or X 9
Valencia st. J. K. WKYBURN. , : .
— Fox-terrier: black eye and brown spot
on flank. Reward If returned to 115 Geary
' ' st., upstairs. .
LOST— Bernard bitch 12 months old. oransr*
and white. Return to JACOB SCHUTTEN.
16P2 Geary, and receive reward.
STORAGE. ~~~
FURNITURE, trunks, etc.. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse. 840 Mission st.; tel. Mint 1821.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co i
office. Tenth and Market; telephone South 168.
FOR lawest rates go to . LOUIS J. WHITMAN.
.121 Sixth st. :. open evenings. ;.»•■ "::.-■•-
ATTORNEYS AT LaW. ~~"
A P.y?£? free on all legaf~matters! t7~P?
STACK. 14 McAllister st.. room 64.
A W VI^ DA vipsJx^ V"^ V UCCeBBCUI -
BICYCLES.
W^r r ß^~«6ir°Ca : il.* eCOn ' 1 n »^ ■*•*• Prtos,'BUSIXESS CHANCES.
A— KREDO & CO. 1 22Vi Geary at.
.- UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
List with us; no charge for advertising.
I3Wo— Roadhouse; daily receipts $00.
$1300— Saloon; tine corner; well stocked.
Corner grocery and bar; 4 furnished
rooms.
5175 — Grocery and bar; give-away.
$1600— Plumbing and gasfittlr.g; $150 monthly.
JSuO— Delicacy; fine corner; with living rooms.
$6«v— Restaurant and furnished flat; $20 dally.
y $125— Dressmaking; store and furnished rooms.
V $460— Beet shooting gallery; cigar stand.
For particulars call on KREDO & CO.
. WOOD, coal, hay, grain and livery
stable; clears $200; full value in stock.
kri:i»o CO.
land; receipts $15 daily; also
}.-.■•. cigar stand. Oakland. KRI3DO <fc CO.,
. ' ■■■riry si.
;- LRTNER wanted In paying legitimate
business; will pay to • & daily. Me-
' gt.
■N and club rooms tat sal- or ex-
cTiange; pity or country ■. ear the
_cuy. Mclaughlin - Kearny s t.
store near the city; owner re-
tiring; stock a 1 ■ For j.-nrttculars
UGHUN & CO., 2S Kearny st.
■ ibllshed l>u- ng $200
10 a month; everything in first-class or-
d-r; fullest Investigation given. McLAUGH-
y st.
CORNER nd bar; without
doubt one ot" the t.e^r business corners
Partner v. i tuission business
tabllshed; s-ood corner
and other bargains *.:: saloons, bakeries and
ta ANDERSON £ CO. 777 Marke'
.11 new
third Its value ; call
Market st.
I • ■ ase the Nickel salon:
■ fittings, fixtures and piano forte 130
site.
th $2000; wiil gel!
X by June 1. J.. box 10. Call
o:nVe, ' >itklaTid.
S VLh. Cheap; fruit store doTng good
busi: ' ILLAGHAN. 267 Third.
■ ■ ■ INVESTMENT.
A— s«k>o: Orst-class restaurant on best street
to <>akland; monthly receipts from |
i 7 years; partner
retiring fr >. call ur write M L
WI'RTS, Seventeenth ana Broadway Oak-
land.
1?l "' : ' fixtures of well-estabhshe.l
■ with refrigerator; will sell without
-orator; $500 monthly trade free IdU
San Pablo aye., Oakland
dd 1 "* estat)l; ~ ng house to rent; San
Bruno aye.. near Twenty-sixth St.; rent
cheap. Aoplj to Q. J. DICKINSON. Mills
building, third floor.
"iCT'NG ::iarried man wishes some kln.l of of-
fice work; is willing to invest in good pay-
i:iy business; state wages and business. Box
■ ttce.
W ANTED— lnstruction In white metal plating
or Gray's system); state terms,
sa box 4^4. Call office.
i NER: business will net $75 to $100
monthly, with a fine future. See manager of
New Faucet Co., branch office, 33 Third st.
CANDT store and rUt to be vacated at 2017
Fillmore st. : fixtures and fountain have to
i before first of June.
C NINETEENTH, corner Diamond— Store
and 3 iiv:, -uitable for barber-shop
or shoemaker: r»nt $10.
ESTAURANT; 3 furnished
for man and wife. M.-LAUGHLIN &
st.
.KY store to let with oven; fixtures must
M Chronicle building.
FINE corner saloon; 4 living rooms; rent $20.
icriflce. 331 Sixth st.
I Newspaper Inside route. Apply at
f - Ml !.ETE restaurant outfit for sale.
■: st.
T RY, with fine trade: elegantly fitted up;
";sed. ;!025 Sacramento.
CIG.A : '■ Market st., cor. Polk. Apply
st.
FOR SALE— Home bakery, notions, tamales;
le; cheap rent. 1913 Howard st.
Ms, furnished: cost JSOOO
1! years ag >; now asking $2200. Call 256 Third
make offer at once.
ANT; best location In Oakland;
business. K. D., box 4, Call
office. Oakland.
1 and shooting gallery very cheap.
-
vK< ' i . SALE — SaJoon with piano and 4 rooms; I
▼ I :-•:;. h vi n with 17 rooms; run-
b] and gas in every room; no reason-
the first of
■ ('all.
ACTIVE middle-aged man of business expe-
r. "ace with some capital and his services,
!n some legitimate established
• 17, Call office.
CORNER saloon, good location: on account of
Other business: low price. Albany Brewery.
-hed groceries and bars;
Apply Call office.
ED— Partner with $2.">0; guaranteed
-. X., box : kland.
CO I'.NER saloon for sale at a bargain; good
- .'!g:irs 24.? Fourth St.
GOOD paying country barber shop; cheap for
cash. Inquire Call Office.
-ntral location, clearing over
week, for sale; present owner going to
Honolulu^ Particular Call office.
FOR PALE— route at San Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE, Ban Jose.
■ BUMMER resort and beer garden to sell or
rent. MRS. EOEKELMANN. Lorin. Cal.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAP WELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
BRANCH office of The Call. 106 Eleventh St.—
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
LODGING » ./USES FOR SALE.
A— K RE IX) & CO~~~ l?i4~Geary'^iL
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
List with us; no charge for advertising; 500
houses; all sizes; all prices.
The following at reduced prices:
30 rooms; Ellis st.; from $500 to $300
15 rooms; Third St.: from $400 to 275
16 rooms; sunny, corner; from $1650 to 1.350
20 rooms; corner Powell; from $2200 to., 1,600
22 looms; transient; new; from $1200 to.. l,o<>o
23 rooms; Bunny corner; from $1000 to 6TO
15 rooms; Post St.; frcm $1800 to 1.5T/0
100 rooms; with elevator; from $0000 t0... 5,300
Many other special bargains on Installments.
I OFFER FOR SALE Tills DA?
THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS
20-room house.. $8001 22-room house.... ' $500
10-room house.. 150 \ 24 rooms, corner.. 750
55 rooms, cor... 3,000 14 rms on Sutler 7ck> :
11 rs. ; must sell 2001 C 6 rms. ; best city 7,0u0 j
15 rooms; new.. 1,2."0 31-room house 1.400
SI rooms; new.. 3.00'j 110 rooms; corner. 6.000
SOO rms.; hotel.. 10,000 6 rooms; 0n1y... 150
35 rms.; central 2.500 10 rooms; Jones.. 300
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
A N' '. 1 family hotel on Market st. ; 100 rooms
elegantly furnished; all newly papered; pas-
senger and freight elevators: will be sold at
a great bargain; no agents. Address box
4501, Call office.
FOR Rent — well and favorably known St.
George lodging house of 150 rooms, centrally
located In Sacramento City and convenient to
the railroad shops. For particulars apply to
GEORGE TV. LORENZ. People's Savings
Bank. Sacramento^
FOR Sale or Exchange— Lodging house. Market
st : 60 rooms, all furnished: doing good busi-
ness: owner unable to ' attend to same; no
agents. Call 132 First st. -
11-ROOM house on McAllister St.. full of
roomers: owner retiring. Box 4450, Call office.
WELL furnished house. 8 rooms, for sale:
bargain. Inquire 226 A McAllister, at.
61S LARKIN ST.— Branch office of Th« Call.
Pubsrrlptioiw and want nd* tnken. ■
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 5-room flat, with choice of
renting flat. 113 Langton st.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FOR Dawson. Alaska Venture Co. Steamship
Prof. Morse, sails for St. Michaels June 10,
0 connecting with the speediest steamer on the
Yukon the F. M. Smith: unexcelled facilities
for handling freight and passengers: before
making contracts call at general office, 630
Market st. ■ ■
rr ~- CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works: cleans, '■
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth Bt.: telephone South 250.
WHEN' you become disgusted with poor work ;
sand to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works. 353-57 Tehama Bt. : tel. S. 40. j
j MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet Cleaning Co.. 453
'Stevenson st. : tel. S. --•; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relaid at 3c. |
STRATTON. 3 Elg in St.; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning j
Works. 14 St . Bt. ft GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
J E. MITCH Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st. ; cleaning .3c a yard: tot. Mission 74.
J WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat- |
'ing. alteration wks. 413 McAllister: Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.'. 402 Sutter St.;
tel . Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'B Carpet-Beating Work*. 833 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. Tast 126. " - '
ELEVENTH. 10*— Branch of floe of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ada taken.
I'RRSOSALS.
JOHN T. DILWORTH. wheelwright, in San
Francisco last in 1886, and JOHN T. DIL-
W'OKTH JR., printer, or their heirs, will re-
ceive valuable intormatlon by addressing
OSCAS T. SHUCK, attorney at law, 509
Kearny et.. San Franoiico.
MATRIMONY.
MARRY— JcIn our special department; money
refunded if not suited within six months;
send 12c for monthly matrimonial paper and
■pecial terms. Address "Wedding Bell," 111
Ellis St., San Francisco.
THE Tacinc. 406 Geary— Only legitimate matri-
monial asan. west ot Chicago; details free.
BUSINESS i KKSO.NALS.
PACIFIC Employment Offices will furnish you
with lirst-elass male or female iielp; hours
7 a. m. to 9 p. m. 777 Market st.
I AM a. first-class hair dresser. The very latest
styles of coiffures. 25c only. Good switches,
$1; best, finest $3 50; extra heavy,
long, $5. Open Sundays from 9 to 12. G.
LEDERBR, 111 Stockton st.
QUINONIA hair tonic makes a good head of
hair. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
COSTLESS clothes — Clothes made to order;
clothes that fit; clothes that Jar the high-
priced tailors in quality of goods and mini-
mum of price: for instance, on a $20 suit,
$5 down and $1 per week. Agency BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS, 920 Broadway, Oakland.
ELECTRIC lights in ever}' room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to 16 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CEMETERY fences; best work; lowest prices.
DOUGLASS, 1716 Central aye., nr. Bush st.
MRS. DR. JOHNSTON, masseuse, electrician,
■ trained nurse; office heated. 579 Geary st.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. 20 Sansoms st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. in; Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME.~GOLDSTEIN— Elegant, stylish dresses.
Jo up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy st., rm. 86.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life: she
will show you how to overcome your enemies.
remove fami'." troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites ' the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures.
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar- .
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with j
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
26 and 26. 1206 Market ?t.. opposite Sixth.
A— MRS. DR. E. J. M^ORE. U4I Market s'. :
trance medium. Without asking a question
ehe tells the name of her callers; Bha t»Ks
past, present and future correctly; tells your
a«e und occupation; she reunites the sepa-
. chanp-es Hick, causes speedy and happy
marring?? with the one of your choice; she
locates burled tre;;sur>''S. rprr. ives evil influ-
ences and all long-standing ailments, i
vith stamps enclosed promptly answered.
Hours 10 a. m. to S p. m.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past.
Nt and futm.-; '-'■■ 148 Sixth st., n
MME. MOREAU, b.-st medium and card
r ■ ier: 25c up; German sr>"ken. 73 Fourth Ft.
MME. RAVEXA reals lift- fluently; business
advice; names Ki\r-n ; Xc up. 6 fourth st.
KISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny st.. room 2.
MME. SYBILLE, cm 1 .: I • future hus-
band's picturo. 2>; lali"s. 914 O'Farr^ll ?t.
MR? T>R. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pre-
fesslon; never falls; a ivW: help, i' 29 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
TO-NIGHT - circle, 25c: readings, $1.
C. MAYO- STEERS, 1124 Oak st.
MRS. SEELEY. grand test meeting to-night;
tests to all, l 'c. 1133 Mission st.
MRS. BUTLER reliable clairvoyant, card
reader: Hindoo control; hours 10-5. 579 Geary.
MME. LE NORMANDE. reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. ZIP* Sixth st.
MRS SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister: tel.Jess
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st.; read-
ings $1: clr. Tues., Frt., 2 p. m. ; Sat.. S; 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
M FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dlum. lIS Halght st. • V.' ■'-■"-
PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER; readings. Tues.. Thurs.,
Sat. at hall. 305 Larkin st. ; Mem., Wed., Fri.,
residence. 353 Geary st.
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute. 402H Geary; hypnotism taugnt;
diplomas Issued; diseases and habits cured.
HORSES.
WANTED— A good strong horse for laundry
wagon. 2241 Mission Bt.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth St., auction pales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia at. T. P. NEWELL.
~ WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
GOOD hack, coupe, surrey and wagonette, and
second-hand and new wagons; cheap. -Bull's
Head Repository. Fifteenth and Valencia.
THREE-QUARTER end spring, ball bearing
axle, rubber tire, piano body buggy. Can be
seen at O'BRIEN & SONS', Golden Gate a«re.
and Polk St. "--. •
61 E^IAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkin, opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fire top tad opea
buggy, also 1 hack. 823 Harrison st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
A PAIR turquoise cluster diamond earrings;
price was $S3; our price now fGS. UNCLE
HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
BABY'S buggy in good condition for sale
VM Filbert ?t.
ASK to Rpe the $11 solitaire diamond ring; ask
to see the $11 solitaire diamond ring at UN-
CLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
PIAXO box buggy for sale cheap; good con-
dition. Apply 3SC€ Mission Bt.
FOR SALE— S store signs. 6 showcases, 4 ta-
bles. 48 candy glasses. 2 store scales, 2 coun-
ters and shelving; now all In store room, 4274
Mission st.
SECOND-HAND lumber redwood boards, rus-
tic, fencing, t & g. Silver aye. and Mis-
sion st.
ONLY oamplng wagon in town; 6 berths; con-
venient ac h.jmt- 1175 Valencia St.
FOR Sale— Reasonable; soda fountain and Ice
cream business at Sutro Baths. Apply at
once at the premises or at 400 Front st.
FOX Sale— Empty packing cases. Apply M. A.
GINST & CO., 203 Kearny st.
$67 50- -PIANO, good condition; $5 down $3 per
month. 225 Sutler st.
$197 60— MAGNIFICENT new upright piano; $10
down, %l per month ; guaranteed. 225 Sutter st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture ami fixtures; new and Bec-
ond-hand J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission Bt., above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND hose for Irrigation purposes"
pumps, gasoline engines, etc. H. 8. WHITE
M 4, MO, 518 Mission St.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment: 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HCP-
SCHMII'T, 623 Golden Gate aye.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods; new, 2d-hand. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
J. R POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engine*. 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTORII & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, f.33 Saoramento.
! SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
i G^APHOPHONES. $10: Records, ~s6 per" doiT;
ProJectOHCope, $100. BaclKulupl. 533-946 Mrkt.
1 COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
des^k ard safe cheap 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc..
bought and sold 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
I ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing, lowest ratns. 2f-5 Fourth st.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for RiU« ehenp: »end for sample* and
prlc-CB. ALEXANDER* CO., 110 Montcomery.
"YOriT. «w>d order, $25; send for sample work.
6COTT tt BANNAN, S2S Montgomery it.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAX 30, 1898.
HOI SES TO LET.
A—s2A — $20 — SKAf 1 ; 7 room and bath house; nice
yard; Leavenworth st. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st.
ALL OVER TOWN ■ -
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery et.
ELEGANT 8-room houses: Sixth aye., bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake sts. ; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & HUMMEL, 628 Market st.
j SACRAMENTO St.. 1630— North side, east of
Polk; sun all day; new, clean and pretty;
ingrain paper; new chandeliers; marble and
tile lavatory; art windows; mahogany and
oak mantels; new cedar closets with mirrors
In doors; porcelain bath tub with marble
washstand; servant's room, laundry, etc. in
basement; postoftlc* and cross lines cable
cars at door; key on premises 1 p. m. to-day.
TURK, 024, rear, near Larkin — Modern sunny
6 nx)m house; bath; gas; $1S with water.
TURK, 738— 7-room modern house and bath,
VALENCIA, 7i'o — Upper part of house, 5 rooms
and bath; rent cheap.
$B—HOUSE8 — HOUSE 5 rooms; best condition; healthy
place. 1555 Kearny St., near Greenwich.
$26 — 15 Oak st.. near Market; S rooms and bath;
modern conveniences.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, 362SA— Sunny cottage, 6 rooms, base-
ment; rent SS; rear cottage.
BAY-WINDOW cottage of 5 rooms and bath.
914 Alabama St., near Twenty-first.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; basement; mod-
ern, no < 'uk st.
COTTAGE; o rooms and bath; large basement;
large lot with stable. 107 Twenty-ninth st.
FOR RENT— Cottage house; 2 large sunny
rooms with yard and basement. 622 Minna.
NEARLY new cottage of 4 rooms; rent $10.
Folsom st. ; key next door.
SUnVy cottages, 5 and 6 rooms; bath; base-
ment: yard; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth St., near
Dolores.
PS COTTAGE. 6 rooms; prettiest in city; new;
29C3 Twenty-first St.; key at corner grocery.
339 HAVES ST.-Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
KIHMSHED HOUSES TO LET.
BIRCH aye., s— Four rooms and bath; nicely
furnished.
TAYLOR. 810— Completely Turn! hed sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:30 and
4 pm.
$43— Mcdern lower flat; 8 rooms, bath; piano.
Call from 10 to 2. ISOB Vallejo st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
CaU. in wrappers, for mailing.
FLATS TO LET.
A— sl0 — 4 ROOMS, near Fourth and Mission.
A— slS — 5 rooms, bath, Geary st., newly
painted.
A— s23 — Elegant brand new 5 rooms, enamel
bath: 10 other new flats. SPECK & CO., 602
Montgomery st.
AA— Dale place, 8, off Golden Gate aye., bet.
Leavenworth and Hyde — Six rooms and bath.
ALABAMA, S32— Flat of 5 sunny rooms, bath
and stationary tubs; $18.
AN upper flat, 3 rooms bath, yard, $10. 409%
Thirteenth si., above Valencia.
ALL OVER TOWN ■
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN 4
HOWEXJIj, 10 Montgomery st.
CASTRO, ISIS, near Twenty-fifth— Flat. 4 large
rooms; bath, gas, mirror-top mantels; $11 60.
CLAY, modern tunny rooms and
bath.
FIFTEENTH, 2176. bet. Xoe and Market— 6
sunny rooms and bath: water free; $13.
FILLMORE, 207, near Halght— Upper flat of 5
sunny rooms and bath.
FLATS. S and 6 rooms: improvements; good
cellars; one block Jackson st. cars. 1135
Pacific St., near J^nes.
FOLSOM, 1154 — Four-room flat; even with side-
walk.
FOLSOM, S. W. cor. Thirteenth— Two flats, 5
-. bath; rent suit times. Apply premises.
GROVE, 10. near City Hall— Elegant top flat;
5 rooms; bath. j
GROVE, 72SA— Lower flat four light sunny
ms; bath.
HARRIS* >N, 2041, opp. Eighteenth— Two gunny
flats, 3 and 4 rooms; rent $9 and $10.
HAVES, WS— Sunny flat of C rooms; bath; large
jard; basement; $&j.
HAVES. IT.'.!, and ITM Waller— Sunny flats; 3
to 5 rooms and bath; $7 60 to $15; near park.
HYDE, 232, between Turk and Eddy — Com-
plete bedroom and kitchen for housekeeping.
LEAVENWORTH, 1H23, bet. Pacific and Jack-
son—Upper flat of 5 rooms; rent $14.
MCALLISTER, 726— Upper flat. 7 rooms; bath;
rent $30. Key 725.
MCALLISTER, 2040— Modern flat, 5 rooms and
bath; rent $15.
MODERN flats, E and 6 rooms; bath: yard;
basement; rent $13 and $14. 839 Jersey St.,
near Castro.
Ml 'i 'F.RN flat. 1007 Lombard St., near Hyde-st.
cars.
, 30, bet. Sixth and Seventh— Five large
rooms and bath. Key at corner of Howard.
NINETEENTH, 3&30. bet. Noe and Sanchez-
Flat,:" large rooms; bath, gas, large yard;sl2 50.
NOE. 151 — 2 nicely furnished rooms; modern
flat; gas range; grate; bath; $12.
PACIFIC aye,, 1671— Four sunny rooms; bath;
_J!i.
PAGE, 430, near Webstei — New handsome flat.
7 rooms; latest improvements; rent reason-
able ; garden ; reference.
POLK, 1710, near Clay — Sunny new bay-window
flat, 7 rooms and bath. $2.'.
POST, 625— An elegant fiat of 7 rooms and
bath, $35 month.
SHOTWELL, 4A. near Fourteenth— Flat of 4
sunny rooms and yard; rent reasonable.
TENANT wanted for a rich little ranch of 60
acres. 3 miles of Snnta Cruz; apple orchard;
vineyard, penrs. etc.; new hardwood house;
farming utensils, etc. Particulars of JULIEN
BMITH, Real Estate Agent, 420 Montgomery.
TWENTIETH, 27m3, cor. Hampshire— Upper flat
of 6 large sunny rooms, $17; stable, $19.
TWENTY-SECOND, 3440, nr. Fair Oaks— Sunny
lower flat; 4 rooms; bath; basement; $15.
TWENTY-FIFTH, cor. Folsom— Four modem
sunny rooms and bath.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 8075, nr. Folsom— 6-room
flat; hot and cold water, with stable; $15;
water free.
WEUHTER, 612— A corner flat of 5 rooms; yard;
no children.
$8 50— MIDDLE flat, 3 room!. 2.'6 Harriet St.,
bet. Harrison and Bryant. Sixth and Seventh.
$22— f-ROOM flat. Sit O'Farrell &t., near Mason;
no car fare. Apply 15 Grant aye.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:SO
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ad« taken.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT, 1101, cor. Ninth— Three nloe furnish-
ed front rma. complete for housekpng; cheap.
BUSH, 710— Flat of 4 sunny connecting rooms
and bath, $16; also lower flat. $14; very cen-
tral.
CALIFORNIA. 526, near Powell— 3 sunny house-
keeping rooms, $15; also 3 at $10.
CLAY, 2415 — Four sunny rooms and yard; base-
ment.
EDDY, 118 — Light, clean housekeeping rooms,
$6 up; other rooms cheap; no transient.
EDDY, 915—2 or 4 furnished or unfurnished
rooms; gaa range; fine location; private resi-
dence.
EDDY, 917 — Desirable housekeeping rooms; gaa
range, bath, garden; privaie; splendid locat'n.
EIGHTH, 34, nr. Market— l or 2 sunny front
rooms, with kitchen; furnished for housekeep-
ing; hot and cold water; bath; private fam.
EIGHTH, 36— Unfurnished large sunny front
suite; mirror mantel, bath and gas; cheap.
FIFTH. 322— Suite of rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished for housekeeping, 2 par-
lors, kitchen, bath, $22; also $0 and $7 rooms.
FILLMORE, 205— Two unfurnished rooms.
FULTON, 116— Large well-furnished room, with
summer kitchen, complete, $$ per month.
GEARY. 111—2 nice front housekeeping rooms;
also front single; very reasonable.
GEARY, 556, formerly 518 — Elegant sunny par-
lor: suites, single, double rooms; also house-
keeping.
GEARY, 1917 — For adults; 4 comfortable rooms; !
bath, two D*ci«; two stoves; pas and coal; $20. |
HARRISON, 618— Common-sense adult can
have 2 sunny unfurnished rooms, with stove,
for $5; everything handy.
HOWARD, 625— Large front room; furnished
complete for housekeeping.
HYDE, 703%, oor. Post— 2 sunny front con-
necting rooms; unfurnished; light housekpg.
JONES, 505— Sunny furnished rooms. $6 to $12;
3 housekeeping moms, $18 a month.
JONES, 028—8 elegantly f; nlshed housekeep-
ing rooms; gas stove; also tingle.
MASON. 413. opp. Native Sons' Hall— Nioely
furnished sunny rooms; very reasonable.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued
MCALLISTER. 340— i sunny rooms furnished
for housekeeping.
MONTGOMERY. 1402—3 furnished rooms for
housekeeping; $9 month. Key 429 Dupont st.
MISSION, 625^— Completely furnished suuny
front housekeeping rooms; gas and bath.
MISSION. S39— Large sunny rooms, complete
for housekeeping; $2.
MISSION. 1063— Clean sunny rooms; house-
keeping; others; no objection to children.
MISSION, 1119— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; housekeeping complete: strictly pri-
vate.
MISSION, 1217— Sunny front bay-window suite,
complete for housekeeping; rent reduced.
PT. LOBOS AYE.. 1S1B; cor. Eighth— 4 large
sunny unfurnished rooms $10.
POLK. 605— Complete for housekeeping, Includ-
ing gas for stove; clean sunny room; $3 mo.
PROSPECT place, 123, near California, be-
tween Stockton and Powell— 1 to 4 rooms,
bath, complete housekeeping, $41 to $15; prl-
vnte German family.
RAUSCH, 49. bet. Folsom and Howard— Three
neatly furnished housekeeping rooms.
SACRAMENTO. 1365 — 3 rooms; separate en-
trance: rent $7; good yard.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping: rent cheap.
SITTER, 550— Sunny basement floor of 2 rooms;
furnished for housekeeping; gas. bath.
SUTTER, 1111— Nicely furnished rooms; single
or en suite; also housekeeping; reasonable.
TENTH. 186, corner Minna— Sunny furnished
housekpeping rooms; stove; running water;
also single room.
THIRD 362— Front sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished, housekeeping; first floor; $2 25 week.
THIRTEENTH. 437, between Valencia and
Guerrero — Sur.ny upper flat, 4 rooms and
bath, $14.
THREE sunny furnished rooms; gaa stove; to
respectable pnrties only. Apply 40 Geary St.
TT'RK, 543— Large front rooms, complete for
housekeeping; gas and bath; $12 and $15.
TWKLFTH. 145. corner Howard— Nicely fur-
nished housekeppins,- rooms.
VAN NESS, 1021—2 sunny aultes; gas range
$22 50 and $15.
WASHINGTON. 10KK-4 large unfumlshei
rooms for housekeeping: also 2 furnished.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. ; trunks
moved to any part of city. 20c; phone Main 49.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasan
sunny rooms, en suite anJ single; flrst-clas
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT CO9 Hyde, Sutter. 715. 717. 719— Furnishe<
and unfurn.: choice and sunny; reasonable
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view
quiet house; baths: gas; very reasonable.
AT 52 Second St.- Nice clean single, double and
light housekeeping rooms; $1 week up.
AT 147 Powell and 211 O'Farrell, nicely fur-
nished rooms by day, week or month.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Elegant rooms; reason
able rates; bath, gas, elevator; very central
BRYANT, 430— Sunny rooms; reasonable; close
to Third and Townsend depot.
BUENA VISTA aye., Hi (Ashbury Heights)—
To let, June 1, fine family residence of 10
rooms, furnished or unfurnished, with use
of piano and stable; grand view.
CALIFORNIA, lf.lio— Pleasant sunny rooms; hot
and cold water; table board optional.
CHELSEA place, 4, off Hush, below Powell-
Large sunny newly furnished room in pri-
vate family.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double mis.; $8. JlO mo.
DIAMOND, 40— Large well furnished fronl
room In sunny cottage surrounded by flowers
BIDDY. 818— For 2 or more gentlemen, elegantly
furnished sunny front bay-window suite, con-
necting bedroom; running water, bath, gas,
grate; private; references.
EI'DY. 207— Newly furnished single and double
rooms, $5 a month and up.
ELLIS, S27— An elegantly furnished suite;
piano, light housekeeping; $30 per month.
ELLIS, 41S (Grand Carnot)— First-class gunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 SO to $S week.
FIFTH, 107 — Pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms to let
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— Furnished rooms,
$1 per week.
FURNISHED rooms In all parts of city; sin-
gle, double and en suite. 1023 Market st.
GEARY. 622— Pretty, sunny "bay- window front
room; running water; single rooms.
GIRARD House, cor. Seventh, and Howard-
Pleasant rooms, single and housekeeping;
lowest rates.
GLOBE Hous», 821 Howard— Per night. 25c to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
GUERRERO. 1152— Sunny bay-window front
alcove room, well furnished; cheap.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 741— Just opened: newly furnished
front and other rooms; bath; gas; $3 mo. up.
Ht "WARD, 959 — A nice sunny room in a quiet
family fur a y..ung man; $4 a month.
KKARNY. 104 — Three unfurnished rooms and
bath: with privat.- family. $15.
LARE3N, 1014— Small room with closet; suitable
for gentleman; private fam.; no children; $8.
ENWORTH, 1016— J oonnectlag unfur-
nished basement rooms and bath; rent $10.
MARKET, 1122 (The Parker House)— Nicely
furnished suites; reasonable.
MARKET, 1211, near Sixth (Ellis House)—
Furnished rooms, $1 50 to $6 per week ; tran-
sient.
MARKET, 1032— Thoroughly renovated; nicely
furnished sunny rooms; suites or single; suit-
able for doctor or offices; also housekeeping
rooms, $6 up.
MASON, 18 (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week, $1 50 to $3; auites.
|4 to $6; baths; hot water; transient; elevator.
MASON, 411— Fine sunny furnished euite In
private family; bath; telephone; very rea-
sonable.
McALLISTER. 14— A few lanre sunny rooms;
studios, office, $7 month: suits $12.
MINNA, 667, comer Eighth— Newly furnUhed
bay-window room, $1 per Week.
MISSION. 1226— Nice large sunny parlor, piano;
running water; bath; suitable 2; $10 month.
NATOMA, 103, corner Second— Nice corner
room, nicely furnished; rent reasonable.
NATOMA. 919—2 connecting rooms, nicely fur-
nished, $7; light housekeeping If desired.
NINTH, 20, near Market— Front sunny suite: 1
or 2 beds; light housekeeping; single; water;
. gas. . -• -"•.-.
NINETEENTH. 4059, near Castro— Elderly Ger-
man lady wishes small family to take part of
flat; near car lines.
OAK. 45— Newly furnished sunny room.
O'FARRELL, 231— New management, new fur-
nlture;- elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent ' reasonable.
O'FARRELL. Large front room, well fur-
nished. $10; sunny single room. <7. ■
PHILADELPHIA Furnished rooms, 75c
week and upwards. 421 Bush st.
POLK, 17— Front double or single rooms. $1 to
■$3 ; per week. . - - ■ ' ;' '
POLK, 1408— Large bay-window sunny front
room; use of kitchen. - . ■■.■■-•.'•-'..■
POST, 216— connecting sunny rooms, suitable
for offices or otherwise.
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
class in every respect. MRS. M. BCHULZ.
SEVENTH, 553—4 unfurnished rooms; . sunny
cottage;: $9. : ■
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 124— Single and double rooms, »1 50
week up; complete housekeeping, $10 mo. up.
SOUTH PARK. 4«— Nicely furnished front
room, v.ith bath; new flat.
TAYLOR. 109— Sunny double room with sep-
arate bods. $10: sunny single room, tl 50.
TENTH, 123, near Market— Nice large sunny
rooms; kitchen if desired: very cheap.
VAN NESS aye., 613—3 furnished rooms, sepa-
rately If desired; $4 each. Call 11 to 4.
l.i;i,Al. NOTICES.
RAILROAD Consolidation— Pursuant to the
statute In such case made and provided, no-
tice Is hereby {f iven that . the Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company, the Northern Rail-
way Company, the Northern California Rail-
way Company and the California Paclflo
Railroad Company, railroad corporations In-
corporated and existing under the laws of
the State of California, upon the written con-
sent of the stockholders holding more than
• three-fourths In value of al! the stock of each
of Bald corporations, respectively, and by agree-
ment of the respective Boards of Directors of
eald corporations, made and entered Into In
accordance with such consent, and pursuant
to the statute In such case made and pro-
vided, did. on the I4th day of April, A. D.
IK9S amalgamate nnd consolidate their capital
stock, debts, property, assets and franchises
under the corporate name and style of ths
Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
3. L. WTLLCTJTT.
■eeretary of th« Bouthßrn Pactfio Railroad
Company,
Ban Franclaee, Cal.. May 6. MM
UOOMS A.»D BOARD.
ALL sunny bay-window rooms, everything
new, cheerful: first-class every respect; board
optional. The Sirius, 1505 Stockton; Kearny cars
ELLIS, 518— Nicely furnished rooms, best
board; $20 per ipnth.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
GOOD home in private French family; single
or en suite. 1011 Hayes st.
MINNA, 571B— Nice sunny rooms and board;
private; investigate.
PINE. 932— T0 rent, with board, sunny suite of
unfurnished rooms.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Good table board, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SITTER, 1128— Sunny 3Uite; single rooms; first-
class board; large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
SUTTER, 112S— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; board; home comforts; moderate.
THE Oriel— With or without board; new. ele-
gantly furnished, beautiful funny Market-st.
suites, with br.ard for 2. $40 per month; single j
rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS aye., 808— Sunny newly furnished
rr>i.ms, rlt-ctric llehts, bath, with board;
terms moderate.
$4 A MONTH; pitting and bedrnom combined;
sunny: gentleman: furnished. Box 4497, Call.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
ORPHAN Klrl of about 11 will be given good
homo and schooling for services. Box 4443,
Call office.
RELIABLE lady will board infant or 1 or 2
children; nire yard: own cow. 339 Jessie st.
AN elderly lady will take infants to board: a
mother*! Tire: referenrps. 2"4H Sixth Rt.
STORES TO LET.
A NICE large store to let at 623 Poet Bt..
r<»rit S2O.
CORNER store: 4 rooms and stable: rent $15;
22d-st. cars j.ass- the door, 3*-l Twenty-fourth
St., corner of Vicksburg.
NE cor. Pacific and Sansotr.e — Handsome cor-
ner store, with or without basement; cheap.
i-MALL store to let. between LAgur.a and Fell
sts. Inquire grocery, Hayes and Lacuna sts.
STORK, 4 rooms and stable; corner Twenty-
fourth and Vicksburg sts; Twenty-seconO-st.
cars: rer.t tin. \
OFFICES TO LET.
DESK room. Emma Spreckels building, room
60S, between 1 and 2 p. m.
OFFICE room, all furnished, with large vault,
at CLARK & COS.. 224 Montgomery St.,
next rhe Mills building; (agents for the sani-
tary BtlllS).
FINK partly furnished offices. 901 Sutter St..
corner Leavenworth.
medical!
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; celf-cure sent; call or write; free: con-
■ fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 59 McAllister
St.; pills. $1; very strung, $2; cure, $5.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box. sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write ue.
DRS. GOODWIN makes a specialty of diseases
of women; irregularities from any cause re-
stored in one day. or nu charge: restores
strength and vigor of organ unexcelled; ma-
ternity home; best medical attendance; low
fees: cure. $5; pills, $1; when others fall,
see free of charge. 401 Van Ness aye., near
McAllister Ft.
NEW process; a great progress in medical
science for female trouble; no matter from
what cause; no medicine or Instruments
used; restores in one day without fall; every
■woman her own physician: away, disgrace;
consultation free.: can be sent and used at
home: by the well known DR. POPPER, 318
Kearny st. ; pills and capsules, $1.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few boars; safe and sure nt all times
when others have failed; no instruments usd;
home In confinement; pills and capsules. $1:
every case guaranteed; consultation free and
confidential: h"iirs 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS.
I>H WYKTH, 20S Turk St., near Jones.
A TREATMENT thnt restores instantly all
cnV.'s of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments used; »;u:iranteed
cure at office. fS: travelers helped instantly;
home in confinement; consult free; hours 10 to
5. 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
PR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted Into good homes.
DR. W IBIS'S private sanitarium, 307 Jones St.,
formerly of S'Ai Kearny and late of Belview
Hospital. N. V. : d:seases of women; advice
free: experienced lady attendant.
A BOON to wives and mothers — Seguro; price
Jl 60; RICHARDS & CO.. «tf Clay st. : send
2c stnmp for particulars to Se^uro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X st.. Sacramento. Cal.
kLPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50j
express C. O. D. ; don't rielay until too late.
OSOOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
NORTH Beach Sanitarium. 1412 Mason st.: pri-
vate home In confinem»nt: competent physi-
cians and nurses; trms. reas. Poweii-ot. cars.
>RS. DONOVAN. 1306 Folsom St.. takes ladles
at her home in their confinement: term? mod-
erate and everything strictly confidential.
DR. HALL. 9 McAllister St.; diseases of
women and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 254^ Fourth st.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin: warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings, &0c; crowns, $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
■ tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists; painless extraction;
teeth, per set, $5. up; gold filling, 75c up; sil-
ver, 2jc. up; old plates made over, SI up; all
work warranted; open evenings and Sundays.
969 Mission st., cor. Sixth, and 371 Hayes st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st., nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Forrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full set
of teeth, ■$5 up: fillings, 23c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand: open even-
Ings. 997 Market St.. corner Sixth. ;
DR. LUELLA COOL, 554 Sutter; crowns, to;
aluminum plates & bridge work a specialty.
L. A. TEAGUE A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
SET -of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
_________ __
PROPOSALS^
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS— to an
order of the , Board of Trustees of the State
Normal School -of San Diego, . California, : no-
* tice is hereby given that sealed proposals
will be received by said board until 1C o'clock
a. m. of June 24, IS?S, . for furnishin* * the
materials and performing the labor necessary
for the erection and completion of the cen-
tral portion of the San Diego State Normal
School building. '- ■
Separate proposals will be received and
■ separate contracts made for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor neces-
sary for each of the following parts of said
building, to wit: 1, For the 'masonry work.
including all brick, concrete and cement
work and all necessary excavations and fill-
in*; I. for the iron work; S,- for the carpenter,
plastering, electric and glazing: work; 4. - for
the plumbing and gas-fitting; work; 5, for the
tinning and galvanized iron work; 6, f>r
painting and varnishing. .
No proposal will be considered unless ac-
companied with a bond of such proposer,
equal to 10 per cent of his proposal, with at
least two good and sufficient sureties, con-
ditioned that If his proposal shall be ac-
cepted he will duly enter into a proper con-
Each proposal must be made on blanks
furnished for that, purpose, and, together
with the above-mentioned bond, inclosed in
a sealed - envelope, addressed to the Trustees
State Normal School of San Diego, with an
; Indorsement thereon showing what portion of
the building Is covered by the inclosed pro-
posal, - and delivered to the Merchants' ~ Na-
tlona Bank of San Diego California, before
10 o'clock a. m. of June 24 1898.
Said proposals will be publicly opened and
contracts based - thereon will be made on
June 24. 1898, at 10 o'clock a. m., at room 35,
Fisher Opera-bouse block, In San Diego, Call-
The contractors : to whom contracts ' are
awarded will be required to file with said
board a good and sufficient bond k ' to the
amount of 26 per cent of the contract price
for the faithful and proper performance :of
his contract. > • '
- The ' plans and specifications of said build-
Ing can be seen; during business hours at the
office of Hebbard A Gill, architects. Grant
building, Son. Diego, California. ;,.■/ -■ ;
• The -Board . of .Trustees . reserves the right ,
to reject any. or all proposals made.
State Normal School of Ban \ Diego. Call.
'fornls,,- '■■'* •-"■-■■ .v.-v : ,v-i;:^
'■ By W H. OUT, President Board Trustees. >"
Attest: V ROBERT C. JONES, Secretary. ?r :
CITY REAL ESTATE.
THIS IS A SNAP.
$9000— Corner investment on Folsom St., ar.d
within 3 blocks of Keamy, Market and Third
sts. ; 8 substantial modern flats of 7, 7 and fi
rooms and bath each, which cost $15,000 to
build; rents »S1 per month: 2.".xl00; owner lives
ln ,, En g;land, an^ has Riven positive orders to
sell. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgom-vy.
HERE'S YOUR CHANCE
CHEAPEST FLATS
■ IN SAN FRANCISCO
IF YOU WANT
A BARGAIN ,
———-THIS WILL PLEASE YOU
Only $3000— Nice modern, well-built flats only
four years old; contain 5 and 6 rooms; bath;
brlrk foundation, etc. ; building alone cost
$37. r .O; nicely bituminlzed street, stone walks
and in a fine location.
A BIG BARGAIN _
PAYS 810 INTEREST —
A SNAP-SEE THEM-
THINK OF IT- ONLY $3.00
HKRMAW MURPHY, 62^ Market st
$350—240x200; BLOCK IS3, Abbey Homestead As-
sociation. San Mateo County. CHARLES C
FISHER, 624 Market st.
HOUSK and let for pale; lot 26xS0; house 5
rooms. 21 Morris aye.
C NKW elegant 2-story houses: grand marine
vi,'\v; 1 and B rooms, basements; $3600 and
lots 27:6x11"; caab or Installments; on
Leaven worth, near Lombard Ft.
COMB to-. lay and se« a new 4-room cottage,
nice lot, to exchange or to sell on easy terms.
J. D. MOREL AND, 116 Congo St.. Sunnyside.
or write.
A— .">o-page Illustrated catalogue with map
fr*e at A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
- i NTH. ]R7— Branch office of 1-8 Cah. sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
WANTED— Orchard or vineyard, about 2* or 30
acres: give particulars; no agents. Address j
•M 74. Call office.
TO exchange— Houses and lots for ranches. J.
H. EPSON', 1309 Broadway. Oakland.
COUNTRY REAL INSTATE.
MODERN cottage in Berkeley for exchange
for country property; near Auburn preferred.
Address box 7355, Call office.
THE btyt general ranch in California; 455
acres; two-thirds alfalfa land, balance good j
hay land: improvements cost $13,000; a snap to i
tli- right parties. CLARK & CO., 224 Mont-
gomery st.
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and $20 an acre
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood, Shasta Co.. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States, postpaid, for Jl 50 a year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
20 acres near Santa Rosa: 10 acres In corn. 6
acres in vineyard; family orchard; stock and
tools; house and barn; will sell for $2tW>;
snap. E. K. BTJNCK, MM Broadway, Oakland
FOR sale or exchange for San Francisco cot-
tage, house and lot centrally- located. Ad-
M 2 Third St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED BOUSES.
CHESTNUT, 2023— Xew 6-room cotta- neatly
furnished: piano; $30.
OAKLAND HOTELS.
HOTEL WILSON, newly furnished and reno-
vated; under new management; entire satis-
faction guaranteed; American and European
plan: the tnMe is a special feature; meals 15i
up; special rates week or mo. W. H. Buehler
& Co.. Props.. 11 65 Washington. Tel. Main 163
OMiUMi KOOMS.
VNKT'RXISHEP rms. to rent Ahrahamson bdg,
SE. C"r. 13th A Wash. .Ahrnhamson Bros.
OAKLAND ROOMS AM) BOARD.
SUITE of pleasant sunny rooms; running
water: fireplaces; excellent b'-ard. MRS. E.
W. MERILL, 1427 Franklin st., Oakland.
' FIXE sunny suite: also sunny single room; va-
cant June 1. THE LORNE. '.P2 Eighth st.
I OAKLAND FURXITUHB FOR SALE.
i FURNITURE and household goods this week.
SCHELLKAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
COTTAGE, 6 rooms; lot 35x125; close to
station and High School; street work,
sewer, cement walks, etc., complete.
— Modern cottage and lot in good location;
any terms; snap.
$2200 — To close an estate; fine modern cottage.
5 rooms; lot 50x140; best location; $1500 can
remain.
— Modern colonial cottage, 6 rooms; corner j
lot; good location; very easy terms.
Fine list of furnished and unfurnished houses
to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park St.,
Alameda.
SPECIAL NOTICE. " ™~~ "
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700, $1800, $2200, $2600. $3000.
The above are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of Installments, and they ore now offered at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain |
4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to date; I
almost new, and located near ecnools and sta-
We are going to weed them out. and Invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEU
Bay-st. station, Alameda. and 62S Market St.,
Son Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
ALAMEDA KOOMS AND BOARD.
FURNISHED rooms and board near beach. 1824
Clinton aye., Alameda.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
TWO-STORY house to let. 421 Taylor aye.,
Alameda; rent $13; large grounds.
BERKELEY HOI'SES.
BEST, healthiest place on this coast; very
cheap to the right party; house, stable and
garden, in East Berkeley. Apply at Call.
BEREEXET FURNISHED HOUSES.
VIXE st.. 2325, Berryman Station— Fine modern
res., f urn. ; oxtensive grounds; marine view.
BERKKLEY ROOMS AND BOARDING.
BANCROFT. 2247. Berkeley— Sunny, well-fur-
nished rooms with beard; fine view; five min-
ut.'S to Berkeley station.
PROPERTY WANTED.
MODERN residence wanted; 7 to 10 rooms;
north or west side of street on Pnclflc or
Presidio Heights; cost not to exceed $8000:
state price and details. Address box 4659, Call.
WANTED — A country home for a paying li-
quor business. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions: no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
$6 lIP to any amount on indorsed paper,
piano*, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO., 230 Kearny St., upstairs.
ANY amount at 6*4 per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real esta/e in pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Mo-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery 3t., room 3.
OAKLAND loans on real estate secured
promptly; reasonable interest and moderate
expenses. HUGH M. CAMERON. Real Es-
tate Broker, 479 Ninth St.. Oakland.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market st. : tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, plnnos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates; nn commission; $25 up;
private party. BOXNELLI. 120 Powell st.
$100,000 TO loan on income city property; $10 -
i-f <m furniture. G. W. OWEN, 140S Ca*ll bldg.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount:
lowest rates Becker A Co., 328 Montgomery.
ANY sum. l»t or 2d mortpaßes, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, sns California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest ratps; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 MontKomery st.
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and i 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. * 628 Market at.'
ON pianos, furniture;' no removal ;• lowest
rate?: no com. : private. 119 McAllister st.
MO Y~ WANTED. . .
■ -_ _ '_ ~_j _ • f^i ~ ■ - ■ ._._'. -
WANTED— S3OO; big Interest; *ood , security.
Box 4472. Call office. - .
' FINANCIAL. ~~~~-
LOANS on ." real estate, bonds/ etc. ; : lowest
• rates. McAFEE BRO3. 10» Montgomery st.
r AAVKB KO KER»7~
.
BE -wise and borrow from the - Cut | Rate I Loan j
Office. 22 Mason St.. bet. Market and Eddy. |
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; UUO grad-
uates placed since Il>y2 ; catalogue.
AVHES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual Instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, teiegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newel Perry, i*h. 8.. Fel-
low In Mathematics, U. C, 2407 S. Atherton.
nr Charming way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve. ;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING ;iPd rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 555 Market st.
UNIQUE evening's entertainment for societies.
C C. FONTANA. 24 Sixth: parlors 5 and 6.
SHORTHAND; to write 100 words a minute:
taught in one month; terms $10. 712 Van Ness.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNKLL. office and residence.
1206 J/irkf-t; diseases of women a specialty.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed In at either of the publication offices
and bi> end rs.-,l with :h-.> name and residence of
parties authorised to have the same published.
lum.v
BALLINGER— In this city. May 24, 189S, to
th* wife f William Battlnger, a son.
DONALDSON— In this ■ : «S, to
the wife of William D. Donaldson, a daugh-
ter.
Hl'.-HT— ln this city. May 2S. 1898. to the wife
Of Stuart Hight, a datt|
D!i:i>.
Bass!, Gueeeppl L^U-her. Maud W.
Boahnell, Frank E. McAvoy, James A-
Cullen. Annie M«ad, Joim F.
Dehertoglt;. Adrian Morrtsy, William
Giibtrt, Minna Myers, Mary
Hornbeck. Mary F. Ryan, Annie M.
. Leith S. Bchuur, Conradine
Kiiinc. Thomas J. Vaughan, Uprtrude
Kaufniann, . phie Wain Wright, Edward
Whatan, Nellie -.
BASSI — In this city, May 23, UK, Gueseppl
1 Bassl (of Temescal. Alameda County), hus-
( band of the late Maria Basel and father of
• | Mrs. L. Slegrist, a native of Switzerland,
: aged 64 years ii month* and 1 day.
G^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this da 7
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the Masonio
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery street.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, by 2
o'clock creek boat.
BUSHNELL— In Walnut Grove, May 27, 1898,
Frank Edward, only son of Adrian and Rose
Bushnell (deceased), nephew of Mr. and Mrs.
W. J. McConnell, Elizabeth Brock and Ed-
ward S. Hall, a native of California, aged 25
| years 9 months and If days.
Friends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his cousin's
| residence, Mrs. Jennie Ilendrickson, 3236
Brine avenue, Alameda.
CULLEN— In this city, at the Potrero, May
£7, 1898, Annie, beloved wife of Edward Cul-
len, and mother of Eddie and Katie Cul-
len. and niece of the late Michael Philbon. a
native o- County Mayo, Ireland, aged 30
years.
(£7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:4.1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, corner Army and Missouri streets, Po-
trero, thence to St. Teresa's Church, where a
j .requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DEIIERTOGLE— In this city. May 29, 1898,
Adrian,' beloved father of Frank, Azline,
Adrian and Lizzie Dehertogle, a native of
Belgium, aged S3 years.
GILBERT— In this city. May 23,1893, Minna, be-
loved wife of the late Michael Gilbert, mother
■ of Leo and Henry M. Gilbert, Mrs. Rose
Coleman, . Mrs. J. Schary, Mrs. D. Zellnsky
anil ' Mrs. K. Coleman, and sister -of I.
Stamper and the late Mrs. S. Damner, a na-
tive of Posen, Germany, aged 65 years. ' '
{^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 802 Vallejo street, thence to corner
Third and Townsend streets, 11:30 o'clock
train. Interment New Salem Cemetery. San
Mateo County. Members of the First He-
brew Ladies' Mutual Benefit Association are
invited to attend.
j HORNBECK— In this city. May 28, 1898, Mary
F.. beloved wife of Augustus Hornbeck,
mother of Frances Hornbeck, daughter of
Daniel and the : late Celia McKenny, and
sister of John, Daniel and James McKenny,
a native of Brooklyn, N. V., aged 25 years 5
months and 27 days,
ITT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
I street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. *
j HESS— In this city. May 23, 1898, Leigh Stone-
man, : beloved son of Henry and Sarah Hess,
I and brother of Albert. Theresa, Bennte, Mar-
ion, Cyril, Edith and Emanuel Hess.
KEAXE— In this city. May 38, 18M, Thomas
Joseph, second son of Mary J- and the late
Thomas Keane, a ' native of San Francisco,
aged 21 years.
"P'The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from Sacred Heart
' Church,- corner of Fell and Fill more streets.
Please omit flowers. Interment private.
KAUFMAXX— In this city. May 2S, 1898. So-
phie, beloved wife of Henry L. Kaufmann.
(E7"The funeral will take place- to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1003 Mason street, . between Clay and
Sacramento. Please omit flowers. Interment
private.
LETCHER— In this city. May 29, 1898, Maud
W., beloved- wife of Beverly Letcher, and*
daughter of GeorKe E. and Anna R. Welling-
ton, a native of San Francisco, aged 25 years
and 2 months.
E^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
McAVOY— In this city. May 2S. 189S, James A.
McAvoy, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 42
years.
ICFriends and members of Typographical ,
Union No. 21 are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Monday), •
at 2 o'clock, at the parlors of N. Gray & Co.,
641 Sacramento street. Interment printers'
plat. Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MEAD— this city. May 28, 1838, John F.,
dearly beloved husband of Jailia A. Mead,
and beloved father ■of Mrs. .T. W. Hennessy,
. Mrs. W. H. Brlttain and Leslie, Katie, Mich-
ael. John, Willie and Winnie Mead, and
brother of Mrs. Bridget Brannan and the late
Michael Meaa, a native of County Meath, Ire-
land, aged 58 years 10 months and 14 days.
[E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ■ invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi- .
tience, \ 3217 Mission street, thence to St."
Paul's ' Church, Twenty-ninth and Church
streets, v* litre a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MORRISY— In this city, May 29. 1838. William
Morrisy, a native of Ireland, aged 32 years.
Remain? at the parlors of J. c. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street.
MYERS— In this city. May 28, 1898, Mary, be-
loved wife of the late William Myers, a na-
tive of Maine, aged 62 years.
RYAN— In this city. May 27, 1593, Annie M..
beloved daughter Of Timothy and Annie Ryan,
and sister of May. Wlnnlford and Kittle
Ryan, a native of San Francisco, aged 18
years 9 months and 20 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully 'lnvited to attend th" funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
cf her parents, 243 Lexington avenue, thence
to Mission Dolores Church, where a : solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy. Cross Cemetery.
SCHVUK— In this . city. May 29. 1898, Con-
radlne Schuur. a native of Emden, Hanover,
Germany, aged 49 years and 5 months.
tQTNotice of funeral hereafter.
VAUGHAN— In this city, Gertrude, beloved
and oldest daughter of • Jennie and • the late :
John Vaughan, a native of San Francisco,
aged 9 years ti months and 4 days.
•'- (C7*Friends and acquaintances are respect- *
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her . mother, 2964 Twenty- fourth street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. ■ ■.■ r «-■
RIGHT— In this city. May 23, IS9B,
Edward Harold, beloved son of Edward W.
and the late Emily Van Tassel 1 Walnwright. '
a native of San- Francisco, aged 8 years and
6 months. .  .
ETFriends are respectfully Invited to at- .
tend the funeral this day (Monday), at 10:30
o'clock, from the family residence. 3 Tremont
' avenue, near Waller street. Interment pri-
vate. ■-.-•■ • ,
WHELAX— An anniversary solemn memorial
' mass will be celebrated for the repose of the
soul of ' the late Nellie L. Whelan. beloved
wife of Will L. Whelan. at St. Agnes Church,
' Masonic • avenue, this d.ay (Monday), at 9
o'clock. Friends are respectfully invited to
attend. . :,.
Y. M. I.— Mission Council No. 3. Y. M. I.:
The annual mass for the repose of the souls
of the deceased members of Mission Council
No. 3. Y. M. 1., will be celebrated at the
Church of St. Charles Barromeo. Eighteenth
and Phitwel! streets, this day (Monday), at
9 o'clock. Members and frlen.l<> of the Insti-
tute are resr f " ( ' t^"">' invited to attend.
EUGENE C ALLAN. President.
HENRY KrORI.RERn. ««<TOtary.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. - 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EiIBALMERS I
J£o mTH ST., : Opp. Lincoln 8sh«ol. '. \
Telephone, South 80. ■' ' | ■
I. n. n. m'avoy. iianagor^^^^^ l^^ <
J McflVOY <Sc CO., - 1
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EJIBALMBB* I ;
. ,■- 1234 Market St., betweeu Sth and 6th. I
I .-. ■ ; Telephone. South 247, . ■ • ■ I
•.—■ r— —. ...... ... . . .... .. ,"■
910
"REMEMBER THE DEAD!"
A NATURAL WATCHORD
OF MEMORIAL DAY
IT* H"E services in the churches throughout the city yesterday in honor, and to
the memory, of the nation's dead were observed with more than usual
solemnity, as crowded in the recollections of the past were the bold reali
• -■■ ties of the present and the future. As the eulogies from a hundred pulpits
ascended in praise and honor of those who gave up their lives in the battles
of freedom in the past they were invariably terminated in a burst of emotion
and sadness for the fatalities that might come. and are probably awaiting our
boys in blue who are willingly risking th«*r lives that the stars and stripes might
bring freedom over an afflicted and oppressed nation.
THE SLAIN OF THE MAINE.
••Thy dead shall Iivo; my dead bodies shall arise.
"This thought of the prophet." said the Rev. \V. C. Pond.
In addressing a large congregation at the Pethany Congre
gational Church yesterday morning, "is the one that God has
given me for this Sabbath— the one preceding Memorial day.
I propose to apply this text," he continued, "to some who
have more recently lost their lives in the service of their
country — the dead heroes of the Maine.
"We know that they do li\<- personally, each in his own
place, in the other world, but what I wish to show is how
they still live in the world, how being dead they speak;
how their apparently forfeited and waited lives will enter
into the life of our great commonwealth, and how long after
they are personally forgotten their blood will be the seed of
their country's welfare and glory.
"1 need not dwell on the details of that inhuman event.
They are fresh in the memory of us all. A magnificent
floating fortress entered the harbor of a nation with which
we were still tit peace and where she should have received
cordial welcome. She anchored under the direction of local
REV. WC POND
authorities in an unusual place and directly over a sub
marine mine. This mine was by some means exploded and the great ship
wreeJted. Entombed within its sinking remains were 2G6 of our brave, well
trained sailors. Many more were crippled and the whole nation startled by
a report which has now resounded throughout the nations of the world.
"Some men, on what are supposed to be Christian principles, object to the
slogan "Remember the Maine." It is said to have in It the ring of barbarism.
I do not view it so. At any rate the expression has become one of the nation's
battle cries. The nation's heart responds to it.
"I see in the present struggle the entrance of our country upon a new era
in its history, an era fraught with immeasurable blessings to the world, and
for this reason I aver that the siain of the Maine are immortal, not only in
their personal existence, but in that of country and the world.
"Let us breathe ;i prayer for their souls on this Memorial day, and let us
honor the brave heroes who went down to death in the service of their country
by erecting fitting monuments of devotion to their memory."
'MEMORIAL DAYS OF '61 AND '98."
The subject on which Rev. E. Nelander preached before
the Colorado, Minnesota and Washington regiments at tho
First English Lutheran Church yesterday morning was "1861
and IS9S." After the services the soldier boys were invited to
a delightful luncheon prepared by the ladies of the church.
Dr. Xelander spoke as follows:
"Never has a Memorial Day been so full of meaning.
Amid the clash of arms and the roars of cannon we are
called upon to celebrate it.
"War had become but a memory. As we annually placed
our flowers on the grassy mounds of those who died in the de
"t the Union, we thanked God that war was no more.
"But to-day all is changed. As we lay the wreath this
year for the dead, we again hear the call to arms and the
steady tramp of soldiery. Railroad trains are hurrying vol
unteers to the front; monster ironclads are gathered in battle
array. The scenes of 1861 are repeated. Again I hear the as
sembling of the host; again I see mothers dismissing their
sons with tender benedictions, and young wives buckling the
swordbelt around the forms they leaned upon. The streets
e--ho to the soldier's tread and the strains of martial music,
and with 'God bless you!' streaming over them like bannered inscriptions, our
brothers and our sons go forth.
"And so it is that Memorial Day 1898 comes to us with a new and startling
signiJicance. The lifetime of a generation has passed away since the youngr
men of ISGI gave their lives to preserve the Union, and now a new generation is
called upon to make the awful sacrifice."
R£V £ NELANDFR
THE CELEBRATION TO-DAY.
Preparations are now complete for the celebration of the memorial day. The
old veterans of the civil war will, as has been the custom since the day was set
aside by the Government in memory of its departed heroes, form in procession at
10 o'clock this morning at Market and New Montgomery streets and inarch to
Golden Gate avenue and thence to Van Ness avenue, where they will be re
viewed and dismissed.
Immediately after the procession the members will proceed to the various
cemeteries where they will decorate the graves of their dead comrades. At the
Odd Fellows' Cemetery the Utah Light Artillery will fire a salute over the
graves of the dead heroes.
Memorial services will be held by the League of the Cross Cadets this morn-
Ing: and solemn high mass said for the ueceased members of the organization.
Delegations from the" George H. Thomas Post No. 2 and Liberty Post No.
133, Grand Army of the Republic, owing to the want of time to-day, decorated
the graves of the veterans in the cemetery with flowers yesterday.
MEMORIAL DAY AND BOYS IN BLUE.
"Memorial Day and the Boys in Blue" was the subject of
Rev. W. E. Dugan's address lust evening at the Stewart
Memorial U. P. Church.
"Paul's favorite figure of the Christian life," said the
preacher, "is that of a soldier. And well is it so, for the ideal
military life has more analogies to the Christian life than any
other character. The military life is the model life and mili
tary tactics and rules come nearer heaven than any other
code.
"The soldier has always been an Interesting character, as is
vividly illustrated by those in our presence to-day. Before
him actors, orators and all other characters pale. He is more
attractive to us than commerce and tariff laws, over which
the nation frequently divides Itself, and accordingly we have
pet apart a day to which we pay respect to our departed he
roes. Lovingly, with our hearts swelled with sympathy, let
us go to-morrow to lay a flower on their graves until the per
fume shall fill the whole earth and come back to grasp the
brave heroes in our midst who go forth to fight against that
iron-hoelod, serpentine-tongued, aspen-llpped monster of ini
quity—to grasp these heroes by the hand and say, 'God bless
REV WE .OfOAN
you:
"The soldier's Is a model life because It Is a life of definite decision; he has
decided to turn his back upon idle pleasure and the trifles of the world and to
cot his face towards duty. His life is a model life because In the military life
we have a vivid illustration that in union there is strength. No soldier goes for
ward according to his own plan or will. His life, while one of submission, is a
life of equality, there being- no castes, one soldier being equal to every other sol
dier of the same rank. Therefore, to this model hero let us pay our tributes of
respect, giving him our love, our courage and our sympathy. God bless the
soldier boy!"
THE HERITAGE OF HUMANITY.
G. H. Thomas Post and Liberty Post, G. A. R., attended Ply
mouth Congregational Church In a body last evening. A spe'c
il memorial praise service had been prepared, and the deeo
ations were of the most extensive kind. The national colors
ould be seen every place, and the pulpit was a mass of flowers,
ilk flags decorated each pew.
The pastor, Rev. F. B. Cherlngton, delivered a Memorial
<ay address, and spoke as follows: "The conflict that is now
pon us is an Inevitable clash between two essentially antag'o
istic civilizations. It is a logical and Inevitable forward step
n our national development toward that higher conception of
overnmc-nt which regards as a sacredly imperative duty the
•stabllshment and maintenance of righteousness, justire and
iberty as the common heritage of humanity. It is because the
•used aational conscience has come to feel the necessity of
uppressing national ruffianism under its very shadow.
"America has not been precipitate. Yellow journalism and
ingo statesmanship have been unfortunate accompaniments, but
ot the directing forces in this great movement. Beneath all
t ipse surface indications there has been a deep, strong, re
stless and sublime current of Influences that in majesty and
power have been like the swelling ocean tide.
"For twenty-five years we have protested with constantly increasing emr-ha
lis against the impolicy, the inhumanity, the cruelty of Spain in Cuba The sue
cesslve administrations of Presidents Grant, Harrison, Cleveland and McKlnlev
have spoken in the same tone, but in vain. Not until It became evident that
every resource of diplomacy had been exhausted did the nation draw its sword
and in the name of God and humanity command the cessation of the atrocities "
REV r D
CH£R«N<iTON
PEACE THROUGH WAR.
Mfcev. "Warren H. Landon. D. D., professor in the Presbyterian Theological
Seminary at fcan Anselmo, delivered an eloquent and stirring memorial Pennon
yesterday morning in Calvary Presbyterian Church. "Peace Through War" was
the subject upon which he spoke and he chose as his text Matthew x-34 "Think
not that I am come to send peace on earth: I come not to send peace but
sword." In part he said:
"To-morrow is Memorial Day, a day sacred to the memory of those who were
fighting for their country more than a third of a century ago. For the first tima
in a generation we observe this day in the presence of war.
"I believe it is the Christian duty to take up the sword which Christ mat
upon earth. Ml
"The question is sometimes asked, what right had this nation to interfer* ™h*>,
affairs in Cuba? That island belonged to another nation. Perhaps when
think of what the war Is to cost us. we put the question to our own henrr*
What right had we to interfere? In my opinion, the same right the C d
Samaritan had to interfere on behalf ofthe poor wounded man in the narai 1
Our right grew out of our neighbors' need. Our duty grew out of the resnonii
bility that rests upon a nation of whom much therefore is required -pmsi
"Wtat was the state of affairs In Cuba when this nation through its P r »=t
dent insisted that Spain's course In Cuba should cease?" The speaker th
quoted a few extracts from Senator Proctor's report, which he believed thecal "
est statement made upon the subject. It recited the terrible scenes witnessed
the oppressed country and caused shudders of horror to pass through his listene °
"We have feared that we were not as strong and brave as our fathers th t
our young men were effeminate and lacking the heroic spirit of former times
but as we have heard their prompt response to the nation's call and seen them
marching through the streets with firm step and brave faces, we have shouted
'the spirit of '76. the spirit of the fathers, doth rest upon the children.' And we are
encouraged to believe that the Lord God of our Father is the Lord God of their
children and that He is with us In this conflict.
"We Know not where the war will end. "We know not yet what It will cost
the nation In blood and treasure, but if our alms are right and our trust in God
if we accept our victories with humility and our defeat* with patience, I believe
the rwult will be a larger peace for the world."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, MONDAY, MAY 30, 1898.
FAST COURSING
AT UNION PARK
Favorites Win With But
Few Exceptions.
THE HARES RAN VERY STRONG.
HOUNDS WTLIi RUN FOR THE
BED CROSS TO-DAY.
The Talent Had the Best of the
Sport at Ingleside With an
Occasional "Short"
Landing.
A crowd that filled the betting- ring, the
grand stand and the open spaces saw the
hares run and the hounds chase at the
Union Coursing Park yesterday. It was
one of the very largest crowds that the
park has ever held, and the sport was of
the best, all that fast hares and well
matched hounds could make It. To-day
will be the final heats in the puppy, sap
ling and open stake races as well as a
FLEET HARES AND FAST HOUNDS MADE GOOD SPORT.
consolation stake for the losers In the
first round of the open stake on Saturday.
This will wind up the great Decoration
Day events and the proceeds will go to
the Red Cross Society.
It was a day for the favorites, though
some few icniß shots won the money.
The results are as follows:
Puppy Stake— Cronln & McDonald's ThornhlU
beat E. V. Sullivan's Buna Dea; R. E. de B.
Lopez's Arrow beat Ray C. Scott's Daity Dean;
J. A. Watson's Sky Queen beat R. B. Kay's
Killarney Lass; C. L. Willett'R Jersey Lily beat
Kd Wilson's Magnet: J. J. Edmonil's Mornlny
Glory beat Orient Kennel's Magneto: Deckel- i
man & Panario's Royal Oak beat Holmes & \
Schlichting*s Scarfpin: Kd Wilson's Magnesia:
beat O. H. Hoag Jr.'s Topsy Cannon; J. F.
Wehmeyer's Sunbeam beat O. H. Hoag Jr.'s i
Obadiah; Larkey & Rock's Liberty 801 l beat !
J. A. Watson's Miss Skyrocket; J. Murphy's I
Dempsey Lass beat Pasha Kennel's Rich and
Artless: T. E. Lovelady's Meta beat H. F. !
Ellis' Livermore Maid: Larkey & Rock's Mi
nerva beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Quiver; Pasha !
Kennel's Rest Assured beat Bartlett Bros." j
Mac's Melody.
First tics— Thornhill beat Arrow; Sky Queen
beat Jersey Lily; Royal Oak beat Morning
Glory: Sunbeam beat Magnesia; Liberty Bell j
beat Dempsey; Miner I . a beat Meta; Rest As- ;
Bured a bye.
Sapling Stake first ties— Royal Flush beat
Statesman; Petronius beat Sheridan; Lalla ,
Rookh beat Hether Doll; St. Gertrude beat !
Motto; Trinket l.eat Flush.
Second ties — Royal Flush will run against :
Lalla Rookh, Pftronlus against St. Gertrude
■ad Trinket a bye.
All-Age Stake, first ties— Vanity Fair beat |
VERY NEARLY ASPHYXIATED.
Dr. A. E. Harding of the Harbor Receiving Hos
pital Had a Narrow Escape.
Dr. A. E. Harding had a very narrow escape from asphyxiation at the Har
bor Receiving Hospital yesterday morni lg. He was discovered in an unconscious
condition by George Lilly, driver of the ambulance, and it was nearly three
hours later before Dr. Deas was able to say that the patient was out of danger.
A woman is mixed up in the case, and if she is found a charge of "attempt to
murder" will be placed against her.
Saturday night at 9:40 o'clock a drunken woman was brought from the cor
ner of Dupont and Broadway to the Harbor Receiving Hospital, to have a lac
erated wound of the scalp dressed. Officer Meagher, who had the woman in
charge, did not know his prisoner's name, as he was new on the beat, having
been temporarily transferred from the North End to the California street
station, so she was entered on the hospital register as "Jane Doe."
After Dr. Harding hnd dressed her wounds and seen that she was com
fortable in the ward, he retired. The hospital is supplied with both gas and
electric lights, but the former is rarely used except for heating water in the
operating room. Before entering his bedroom Dr. Harding turned on the electric
current from the hallway, and before getting into bed he turned out the light
at the lamp. His clothing he hung up on the pegs in the telephone room, which
adjoins the bedroom.
All went well until about 3 a. m., when "Jane Doe" went to Driver Lilly and
asked if she might go home before it got light and people were about. Lilly
woke up Dr. Deas and asked if the woman might go, and was told yes. "if she
was sober." Lilly said she was, and answering, "Let her go then," Dr. Deas
turned over and went to sleep again. At ten minutes to 6 Lilly was back in Dr.
Deas' room, shaking him and saying: "For God's sake, doctor get up quick or
Qr. Harding will be dead."
Both men rushed into the adjoining room, and there lay Dr. Harding at the
point of death. The room was full of the fumes of gas, the unfortunate man
was black in the face and almost gone. Doors and windows were at once
thrown open and the patient moved out onto the operating table. After three
hours of unremitting attention the danger point was passed and about an
hour later the patient was sufficiently recovered to be sent to his home at 006
Octavia street.
While Lilly was getting Dr. Deas' permission for "Jane Doe" to leave the
hospital she stole the key of the side door." When everybody was asleep she re
turned and made the rounds of the place. She ransacked Dr. Harding's pock
ets and took ail his money save a few nickels and dimes in his vest pocket.
His clothes, which he had hung up in the telephone room, were lying all over
the floor.
The matter wa reported to Chief of Police Lees yesterday and several of his
men are now out looking for the woman.
Rapid; Belle of Moscow beat Fireball; Log Boy
beat Clifton Lass; .Tester bent Kill Boy; Diana
beat Glenwood; Metallic beat Tessle Fair;
Minneapolis beat Mira Monte; Senorlta beat
Commodore; Maud S heat White Chief In a
bye; Sylvanus beat Sportsman; Jesse Moore
beat Precita Girl; Tod Sloan beat Flying Buck:
Promise Me beat Lissak- Pkyt'Hll beat. Rlack
Pete; Magnet beat Bonita.- Firm Friend boat
Laurel weod; Myrtle beat Black Fatti; Lord
Bymn beat White Lily; Chile Pepper beat
Winona: Rusty Gold beat Little Dottle; Eclipse
beat Douglas in a bye.
Second ties— Vanity Fair beat Belle of Mos
cow: Log Boy beat .Tester; Metallic beat Diana;
Senorita beat Minneapolis; Maud S beat Syl
vnnus: Jesse Mpore heat Tod Sloan; Skyball
beat Promise Me: Firm Friend beat Magnet;
Lord Byron bent Myrtle- Rusty Gold beat Chile
Pepper; Eclipse a "bye. '
AT INGLESIDE.
Dean's dogs did the trick again. One
of the largest crowds ever at Ingleside
watched the dogs yesterday and wit
nessed some^hot sport. The hares were
unusually strong and the dogs of high
class. In the main the talent had th«
best of it, but occasionally a "short"
landed with a dull thud.
The running in detail was as follows:
All-age stake— High Born Lady beat Flash
light; Moondyne beat Valley Maid: Koolawn
b<>nt Van Nida; Firenzi beat Sylvia; Cross
patch beat Rendalong- Lass o' Gowrie beat
Pacific Queen: Victor beat Master Mat-Greg, ir;
Connemara beat Swinerton; La<iy Jane b«»at
Benicia Boy; Sarcastic beat Mystic Maid.
Second ties— Moondyne beat High Born Lady;
Firenzi beat Koolawii: Crosspatch beat Lass o'
Gowrie; Connemara beat Victor; Lady Jane
boat Sarcastic.
Third ties— Moon dyne beat Firenzi: Conne
mara beat "Crosshatch" Lady Jane ran a bye.
Fourth ties— Moondyne beat Lady Jane; Con
nfmara ran a bye.
Final— Moondyne beat his kenr^ late. Con
nemara, and won the stake.
Sapling stake— Revolver beat Black Bess: St.
Patrick beat Torpedo: Armagh Lass beat Maid
o - Hill; Lottie M. bent Depend On Me
Second ties— St. Patrick beat Revolver; Lot
tie M. beat Armaugh I^ass.
Final— Lottie M. beat St. Patrick.
Consolation stake — Captain Morse beat Bu-
nol: Sir John Arnott ran a. bye (Don Jote ab
sent); Nellie B. beat Fleeting Fancy: Occi
dental beat Little Dorrit; Prince Hal beat
Gold Dust; Prince of Fashion beat Do Me.
First ties— Sir John Arnott beat Captain
Morse; Prince Hal beat Nelly B. ; Occidental
beat Prince of Fashion.
Second ties— Sir John Arnott beat Occidental:
Prince Hal ran a bye.
Final— Prince Hal beat Sir John Arnott and
landed the stake.
The coursing at Ingleside to-day is a
special all-age stake. The drawing took
place at Delta Hall last evening and re
suited as follows;
The Coursing To- Day.
The dogs that will run at Ingleside to
day are as follows:
J. Cox's Clifton Lass vs. J. Qubtib'h Tad
Stevens; P. Gorman's Kingston vs. Joe Row
an's Pacific Queen; Kay & Trant's Syl\ia vs.
Kay & Tram's Diana; P. Brophy's Benicla
r. y vs. Dillon & Reilly's Buool; J. C. O*DOB
nell's Las Palmas vs. J. Murnane's Flashlight;
J. Burns' Nelly B vs. F. Jones' Do Me; D.
Hooper's Bandalon vs. Cronln & McDonald' ■
Magnet; a. Haißht's Hattie vs. Brown &
Luther's Van Nida; A. J. Gaffney's Sir John
Arnold vb. P. O Donnell'a Counterfeit; M.
Michalike's Fireball vs. Orient Kernel's Prom
ise Me; D. Dowsh's Sarcastic vs. J. Burns'
Occidental; F. Mtiran"B Van Kirk \i. F. Ford's
Bonita; M. C. Delano's Tencut vs. I> we &
Thompson's Victor; Kay & Trant's Leonora vs.
J. Sheehan's Lass o" Gowry; Lynch & Maher's
Mystic Maid vs. Lowe & Thompson's High
Born Lady; A. Haigh's Hadderwlsk vs. P.
Rush's Van N»eda; J. Shea's Firenzi vs. J.
Murnane's Valley Maid; D. Kaher's Belle of
Moscow vs. Kay & Tram's Crosspatch; D.
Hooper's Koo Lawn vs. P. O'Donnell's San
Mateo: G. F. Rodgers' Little Dottle vs. D.
Shannon's Swinnerton.
Coursing at Los Angeles.
v-iv 29.— There was a
good crowd out at the coursing at Agri
cultural Park to-day and the sport was
up to the usual standard. There was a
consolation stake for thirty-two dogs and
a cra.okajack for sixteen dogs. Thomas
Brennan^who is well known in San Fran
cisco coursing circles, officiated as judge
and his work was very satisfactory. Pro
fessor Markberg gave an exhibition of
high-wire walking as an especial attrac
tion.
In the run-offs consolation Stella beat Bugle,
Alisa beat Fleet Foot, Skyball beat Matinee,
Little Tycoon beat Columbia, Santa Ana Boy
beat La Tosca, Morning Stnr beat Jack
Spratt, Dr. Fasran bent Ronnie Bill. Portia
beat John L, John Mitchell beat Maid of
Krin, Oscar beat Admiral Dewey, Don Orsini
beat Here We Are. Juanita beat Highland
Ball after a tie. Bright beat Swift, Corbett
beat Daisy, Little Brown Jug beat Gold Dust,
Queen J beat Little Pearl after a tie.
In the run-offs crackajack Orpheum Loss
beat Catalina, Kitty Scott beat Meadow Lark,
Snooze beat Hercules. Sir Jasper beat Don
caster, Grazer beat Chippy, Ormonde beat A
B C, Lady Wallace beat Cyclone, Oriental beat
B B and B.
Tried to Burn Her Ctothes.
Mary Cases was taken from her home
at 815 Stockton street last evening, placed
in the Receiving Hospital and booked for
insanity. She had attempted to destroy
herself by setting fire to her clothing, and
would have accomplished her purpose had
it not been for the timely arrival of Offi
cer A. B. Thompsr n. He was notified that
there was a crazy woman in the house,
and when ho went in he found the wo
man's clothes in a hlaze. He hail a great
struggle with her. but finally succeeded in
extinguishing th- flames, though his
hands and face were badly burned.
EDNA SHOWS
HER HEELS
The California's Hold a
Class Regatta.
THE BREEZE BLEW STRONG
BIG BOATS MAKE FAIR TIME
OVER THE COUxvSE.
After Winning the Prize Flags in
Their Classes Edna and Phoe
nicia Meet With Serious
Mishaps.
Yesterday the California Yacht Club
held Its fifth annual regatta for class
flags.
The course was estimated at ten nauti
cal miles, and consisted of a beat to wind
ward and two reaches. Punctually at
12:55 p. m. the preparatory gun was fired,
and at 1 o'clock the gun signaling me
yachts of the first class to start; a red
flag was also hoisted. At 1:10 p. m. the
signal gun for yachts of the second class
was fired and a white flag hoisted. At
1:20 p. m. the starting gun for yachts of
the third class was fired and a blue flag
hoisted.
A strong northwesterly breeze was
blowing, but, as the tide was flooding,
there was not much sea; consequently the
boats did not make such heavy weather
of the beat to windward as if the stiff
wind had met an ebbing tide. However,
the prospects of a rough trip caused sev
eral of the small boats entered In the first
cla^s to drop out. Of the five boats en
tered in class 1, Secretary G. F. Gaithers
FIFTH CLASS— FLAG REOATTA OF THE CALIFORNIA YACHT CLUB. MAY 20. 1898.
TACHT.
Length.
Feet.
Time.
H.M.S.
Allow"<
M.S.
Time.
H.M.S.
Time.
H.M.S.
Sailed by.
First Class—
'hoenlcia
leglna. ..............
Second Class —
laleyon
lope . ..
r & i .......
Third Class—
appho
22.40
20.00
27.74
26.73
26.30
•1:13:37
1:04:53
••1:20:45
1:15:2?
1:19:06
3:29: i
3:24:
3:37::
3:s!>:i
4:18::
I
7:17
0:00
:33
2:09
3:00
2:19:031 2:11:46IR. R. VHommedleu.
2:19:23 i 2:19:23 J. Nolan.
2:17;25 2:16:521 C. P. Moors.
2AifZ3 2:42:i4!A. Buncombe.
2:59:16 2:56:16 G. F. Gaither.
O. B. Edgar.
1:51:18 l:46:Ofi'C. J. Lancaster.
1:43:00 1:36:14 E. Sager.
1:53:19 l:4s:o2]Stevens<on.
Imbla
41.22
36.04
34.65
33.40
1:25:13
1:28:41
1:25:31
1:24:18
t
3:19:!
3:08:!
3:17::
0:00
5:12
6:46
8:17
:dna
helma
• The starting time of Phoenicia was calculated as 1:10 p. m., the limit for Class I.
•» The starting Jime of Halcyon was calculated as 1:20 p. m., the limit for Class 11.
t Did not nnish*
U & I R- R- l'Hommedieu's Phoenicia
and G. turn Suden's Regina started, Allen
M Clay's Sea Fox and the Mist with
drawing. The sloop Regina crossed the
starting line first at 4 minutes and »3 sec
onds past 1 o'clock, being followed nearly
ten minutes later by R. R. l'Hommedieu a
Phoenicia. The rest of the boats crossed
the line In the following order: lawl
Hope sailed by A. Duncombe; Secretary
G. F.'Gaither's U & 1. sailed by the own
er; Halcyon, sailed by C. P. Moore; Thel
ma sailed by Stevenson; Sappho, sailed
by G. B. Edgar: Edna, sailed by E. Sager;
and Embla, flagship of the California
Yacht Club, carrying Commodore C. J.
Lancaster and Treasurer E N. Walter.
Embla was the last of the fleet to cross
the line.
After the yachts had all crossed the
starting line and made their way to Goat
Island nothing more whs seen of them
from the pier-head until Edna, Embla
and Theima were observed reaching along
the city water front towards the can buoy
to the southeast of Mission Rock. As
they drew nearer Edna was seen to be
well in the lead; she finished at 8 min
utes and 31 seconds past ?,. in an elapsed
time of 1 hour and 43 seconds, or a con
rer ted time of 1 hour 3rt minutes and 14
seconds. Theima finished second and Em
bla third. These werp followed by Regina
and Phoenicia of class I,'and by Halcyon.
Hope and U &I of class 2. Phoenicia won
the flag in the first class. Halcyon in the
second class and Edna in the forty-foot
class.
So far the day had been without mis
hap, though the weather was rough and
blustering: hut as Phoenicia, after cross
ing the finishing line, was cruising off the
narrow-gauge mole and was on the star
board tack, giving her the right of way.
the sloop Royal, which was on the port
tack and running free, suddenly luffed
up and fouled Phoenicia, snapping her
bowsprit right off and tearing her jib to
bits. Phoenicia, stripped of all unneces
sary hamper, had not even an anchor on
board, and so drifted helplessly in the.
strong tide. By good luck, however, she
was not carried onto the pier-head, but
down past It. Then the victorious sloop
Edna, winner of the prize flag in class 3.
sailed towards Phoenicia to throw her a
line. Edna, however, not getting near
enough at the first attempt, put about
and tried again; this time she sailed close
to Phoenicia's bow; the line was thrown
and caught, but the strong breeze caused
Edna to heel over considerably, and. as
she passed to windward of Phoenicia the
latter came up suddenly and spitted Ed
na's mainsail on her mainmast, ripping It
to pieces and breaking the gaff between
the first and second blocks. Edna then
ADVERTISEMENT".
In M bH VI flB cB I&4 ■By
15,000 yards PRINTED LACE DIMITIES AND O| A \forrl
ORGANDIES U4b '"'
4000 yards Best Quality COTTON COVERT 1 01 n Varri
SUITINGS. ....:. |Z2U ldfUl
12,000 yards Extra Quality 36-INCH PRINTED lf)l n Varri
PERCALES IZ2U IdlUl
3000 yards GENUINE SCOTCH TENNIS FLAN- Qn ft Vq rH
NEL, fast colors. JUb IdlUl
1
1500 yards FANCY SAXONY FLANNELS, new A ft A VorH
colorings 4UC ' d ' Ul
3 cases Extra Quality WHITE BED- 01 fIH Conli
5PREAD5.......... OIiUU M(l " 1
2 cases LACE CURTAINS, white and ecru. . 61 An Poir
1 case REVERSIBLE TAPESTRY TABLE 0O Crt Coph
COVERS, 2 yards square ........ OZiuU CdL ' "
The particular attention of our pa-
trons is directed to above goods.
111, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
fouled the wharf, but, after some diffi
culty, managed to get away under the
Jib. A launch was sent for to tow th<j
disabled boats up the creek. The yachts
Edna and Phoenicia are both entered for
the Corinthian Regatta, to be sailed to
day, and having won their class flags yes
terday, their owners will be much disap
pointed at being deprived of a chance to
repeat their victory.
REPUBLICAN CONVENTION.
Preparations to Receive the Delegates
To-Morrow.
A meeting of representatives of a num
ber of Republican clubs in this city was
held yesterday afternoon to complete ar
rangements for an appropriate reception
of the delegates to the State Republican
League Convention to be held in this
city to-morrow.
It was decided to Invite all Republican
clubs and Republicans generally to Join
in escorting the delegates from the head- j
quarters of the committee in the Baldwin
Hotel to Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter
street, where the convention will assem
ble at 1 p. m. All Republican organiza
tions are requested to appear In a body
and all Republicans are Invited to Join
In the parade and carry American flags.
Fifteen clubs signified their Intention
through their representatives of appear
ing In a body to escort the delegates. It
was reported that the reception commit
tee had secured a band to lead the pa
rade. E. M. Galvin, the chairman of the
reception committee was unanimously
elected marshal and A. de la Torre Jr.,
the vice-chairman, as chief of staff.
The following aids were appointed: Cap
tain A. Rojo, Hon. Z. U. Dodge. Hon.
Martin Murray, Judge T. F. Batchelder,
Colonel M. S. Blackburn, Hon. R. R.
Duckworth, Senator T. C. Maher, Judge
A. B. Treadwell. Hon. E. L. Head, Su
pervisor Lackmann, T. D. Morton and
Hon. C. F. Curry.
It Is requested that all Republican or
ganizations intending to join in the pa
rade will report to-morrow to the mar
shal through the chief of staff at the
Baldwin Hotel for assignment to their
respective places In line. All Republicans
are requested to Join in the parade.
The committee in charge intends to
give the visiting delegates a rousing wel
come.
All the delegates, who will number
about 1000. will assemble at the headquar
ters of the reception committee at the
Baldwin Hotel at 12:30 p. m. to-morrow.
CONSIGNED TO THE GRAVE.
Judge Campbell's Bemains Taken
From the Vault and Buried.
The remains of the late JudKe Camp
bell were taken from the vault in Cypress
LaWB Cemetery yesterday and consigned
to mother earth. Archie Campbell, nephew
of the dead jurist, deceased's daughter
and several intimate friends were present
at the grave.
Mrs. Campbell, widow of the late Police
Judge, is seriously ill at her home in
Berkeley. Since the sudden death of her
husband she has been confined to her bed.
attended by two physicians, and serious
results are feared.
CORONADO— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry.
soft and mild, being entirely free (mm the
mists common further north. Round trip tick
ets, by steamship. Including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado, $65: longer stay.
$2 50 per day. Apply * New Montgomery at..
S. F.. or A. W. Bailey, mgr. Hotel del Corona
do, late of Htl Colorado. Glenwood Spgs, Colo.
Aa many as 4061 muscles have been
counted in th« body of a moth.
f Monday May joth XB9S
i BO WEN
&CO.
Going to the country ?
i You'll get hungry and need plenty
j of good food.
, We'll ship promptly, pack care- 1
fully and of course you knowevery-
thing will be of the best.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Butter reg'ly 45c square } £C
Fresh and sweet as the new mown hay
Baking powder-Ex i $oc
regularly 45c Ib 5 Ib tin $1 25
Constantly increasing sale is its
endorsement
Claret ■ ?cc
regularly «x gallon 3 gallons $1 ,
The popular wine of which large
. quantities are sold daily
Prunes regularly ioc 4 lbs 2JC
California raises more prunes than
all the remainder of the world
BeeV-Everard $$£\ j}«£s %
regularly $2 25 and $1 50 dozen
Carload just in — bottling is improved
the beer always was first-rate
RoyanS— regularly 20c tin I c/C
A la yatel and a la Bordelaise
fish oil garlic truffles peppers —
tasty, appetizing addition to the menu
Mustard— 2 bottles }£C
French mustard costs more under :.
new tariff
Tooth brushes— reg'iy 25c 20c
Paris made — not too cheap to be good
Buy a box — one brush for each mem-
ber of the family
Combs— regularly 35c 2^C
Ladies' dressing combs — unbreakable
We will give a new one for any broken
by reasonable use within a year
Rose water and glycerine 20C
regularly 30c bottle— Oakley's
Now when the windy weather comes
you'll need rose water and glycerine
ChutneVS— regularly 75c quart 55c
Sweet Lucklow — tamarind — green mango —
sweet mango— Bengal hot — Col Skinner's
The meat sauce par excellence
First brought from India by English
army officers
Toilet water-Roger ft ciiet p«is
4 ounce bot 7% $ ounce bot $1 2$
Send for pamphlet Vacation, free
Tells distances, where to gr> and what to take
Catalogue free — mail orders entitled to these prices
If posted not later than Wednesday
432 Pine 215 Sutter 2800 California San Francisco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
oooooooooooooooooa
S w PALACE wg
%CRAND HOTE
q -.";., SAN FRANCISCO. q
** 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attach* ° i
O .n-u. USDIR On-e ' MASAOM^t , O ;
O :■.,- NOTE THE PRICES:; ; O
g\ European Plan. »l. OO per day and upward «x
V American Plau . I*3. OO per day and upward °
O .'•"" ■- • .... Corre«P"n<l''n'~'- j Solicited. . • s -.: Q
O JOBS 0. KIHKPATHIOE, Xinigw. Q
oooooooooooooooooa