VOLUME LXXXV.-NO. 14.
DISASTROUS FLOOD
SWEEPS THROUGH
NEW YORK STREETS
Collapse of the Largest Gas Tank
in the World Causes a Great
Tidal Wave.
People Canght in the Swirling Water Carried
Away Like Straws and Several Are
Drowned.
Special Dispatch to The Calt
NEW YORK, Dec. 13.— The great
steel gas tank of the Consoli
dated Gas Company at Avenue
A and Twentieth street, the
largest of its kind In the world,
collapsed at 5:30 o'clock this afternoon.
It went down with a crash and roar like
a great explosion.
Masonry of granite blocks and bricks
to the height of fifty feet fell like a
child's toy house of blocks and loosened
from bondage 8,000,000 gallons of water,
deluged the streets and in a ten-foot
tidal wave carried death and destruc
tion through the surrounding neighbor
hood. It Is not known how many were
killed and injured.
The dead so far recovered are:
ANDREW WENDT, workman.
JOHN GRAY, 75 years old.
PIUS BAUM, engineer in adjacent
factory.
The seriously injured are:
Catherine O'Connell, 4 years old, leg
fractured.
Peter Walker, dislocated shoulder.
About fifteen others, so far as has
been learned, were injured more or less
severely or almost drowned.
Missing:
George Brewer, timekeeper.
George Winkie. 15 years old, son of
Foreman Winkie.
James O'Connor, foreman In Fuld
ner's factory, adjoining, and believed
to have been in the basement ■with En
gineer Baum, who was killed, is miss
ing.
The steel tank was ITS feet in diam
<ter and 160 feet high. Rising out of
the ground to a height of fifty feet was
a great circular wall of granite and
brick, many feet in thickness. This was
filled with 8,000,000 gallons of water. A
gang of men were at work under a
foreman filling the pit with water to
make the first "water test."
Suddenly came an awful crash. The
men below had scarcely time to flee
from beneath the falling walls ere they
were picked up by the mass of rolling:
water and hurled hundreds of feet
away. Into the basement, the first and
second floors of factories and tene
ments rushed the flood.
Workmen were shot out of the fac
tory windows and carried a block or
more as if mere straws. Women were
washed out of the flats and almost
drow-ned.
Mary Ann O'Connell and her little
four-year-old sister, Catherine, were
seated at the front window of the sec
ond floor of 33 Avenue A. Before they
could turn to flee a rush of water
struck them both, smashing them
through the door and carrying them
half a block distant. Both were terri
bly injured, the little one perhaps fat
ally.
Henry Fuldner was taken up bodily
and carried almost to Twenty-first
street. His son was also carried o\it
of his office by the water, but was
caught in the debris and but for the
timely arrival of some workmen with
■xxqb he would have been drowned.
Andrew "Wendt, one of the killed, was
near the base of the tank when it col
lapsed. He was caught by the rush
ing waters and borne I'most an incred
ible distance. His mangled and al
most naked body was found against an
elevated railroad pillar at Twenty-first
street and First avenue, more than a
block away.
W. J. Logan, of the Logan Iron
Works, of Green Point. L. 1., the con
tractor who was building the tank, ar
rived on the scene within a few min
utes after the collapse and was placed
under arrest.
W. H. Bradley, chief engineer of the
Consolidated Gas Company, and said
to be jointly responsible for the work
with Contractor Logan, was also
placed under arrest. They were
charged with homicide and their bail
was fixed at $10,000 each.
Aftpr the masonry of the tank col
lapsed the tank proper careened and
fell in a battered heap to one side. The
loss of the tank is said to be complete,
$300,000.
The collapse of the tank caused
the rupture of some of the
great water mains which were
constructed to feed it, and for
some time these poured their contents
into the streets. Eventually they were
closed
The San Francisco Call
The downtown district suffered
greatly on account of the accident, for
all the gas supplied by the Consolidated
Company in that part of the city was
shut off.
HEAD OF THE RUSSIAN
CHURCH IN AMERICA
Bishop Tikhou Arrives at New York
En Route to the Pacific
Coast.
NEW YORK, Dec. 13.— Among the
passengers arriving yesterday on the
French line steamship Champagne was
Bishop Tikhou, the newly appointed
head of the Russian church in America,
although nominally he is bishop of the
Aleutian Islands and Alaska. He was
met at the pier by the Russian Consul
General and members of the Russian
colony in this city and escorted at once
to the Russian church at 323 Second
avenue, where in accordance with the
custom of his church he conducted a
service of thanksgiving for his safe
arrival.
Bishop Tikhou will start for San
Francisco on Thursday, but intends to
visit New York and other orthodox
parishes in the East again before leav
ing. His new diocese is said to be the
largest in the world, as it includes the
whole of North America, and com
prises about thirty parishes, with as
many churches and seventy chapels.
BROOKE IS MILITARY
GOVERNOR OF CUBA
Given a Post Similar to That Held
by the Spanish Captains
General.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13— Major Gen
eral Brooke arrived in Washington from
Fort Monroe to-day and was closeted
for more than an hour in consultation
with Secretary Alger. He then, in com
pany with Adjutant General Corbin, pro
ceeded to the White House, and when he
returned to the War Department it was
formally announced that the President
had designated him to be Military Gov
ernor of the island of Cuba, a new post
which carries with it control of the mili
tary and civil branches of the island
formerly exercised by the Captain Gen
eral under the Spanish regime. Each of
the six provinces will have its own Mili
tary Governor, just as General Wood is
now Military Governor of the province
of Santiago, hut all of these will receive
their instructions directly from Major
General Brooke, who will be in supreme
/\ \/iew of the City of Butte, Montana, Looking FVom Little Butte Toward the South, and Showing the Relative Po
sition of Barrett's Smelters on the Left and Other Smelting Plants FVom Which the Suffocating and Poison
ous Sulphurous and Arsenical Fumes Are Causing Such Destruction of Life.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1898.
authority of the island. Thus, in Havana,
General Ludlow will be Governor of the
city, but answerable to General I^ee, the
Governor of the province of Havana, who
in turn will be answerable to Major Gen
eral Brooke, the Governor of the island.
PLOT TO PREVENT
DREYFUS REACHING PARIS
Action of the French League of Pa
triots May Lead to Some Very-
Vigorous Measures.
LONDON. Dec. 13.— The Daily News
i publishes this morning a startling story
of an alleged plot of the French League
of Patriots, numbering 300,000, under the
notorious anti-revisionist, M. Paul de
Roulede, to prevent Dreyfus reaching
Paris.
According to the story of the correspon-
I dent of the Daily News, the league ap
i preached various military officers of high
j rank and this led to a discovery of the
• plot.
-.j.. de Freycinet. the French Minister of
: War, has decided, says the informant of
ABATEMENT OF THE SMELTER
SMOKE NUISANCE DEMANDED
Citizens of Butte, Montana, Cause Reduction Works
to Close Pending an Investigation' as
to Deaths.
T~\ UTTE, Mont., Dec. 13. — For nearly a week the smoke from the smelters here has been quite heavy, more
h< so than usual, and resulted in a public meeting of citizens to-night at which the managers of the smel-
J I ters were present to discuss and suggest means to abate the nuisance. The Butte Reduction Works, in
response to a general request to all companies, shut down twenty-four hours ago, but the smoke is as
thick as ever. It Is possible the other smelters will have to follow the example of the Butte Reduction
Works.
Several deaths that have occurred since the smoke became bad are attributed to that cause. While it is
doubtless a fact that the deaths from pneumonia were hastened by the smoke-charged air, it is also a fact that
on all occasions of this kind every death is attributed to the one cause.
The prevailing conditions have called for some very wild stories. The average death rate for this
month so far as can be learned is very little larger than for the corresponding period of the three preced
ing months, when there was no smoke whatever. The present visitation has been heavier and longer con
tinued than for many years past.
At the meeting of citizens and smelter men to-night a committee was appointed to look into the smoke
matter and report in ten days on some plan to abate the nuisance.
the Dally News, upon vigorous measures
to suppress any such attempt; and if
necessary, a state of siege will be pro
claimed in Paris, in which event General
Zurlinden, the Military Governor, will not
have the command.
Violated Federal Banking Laws.
OMAHA, Dec. 13.— E. A. Reimerg and
BUTTE, MONTANA,
O. C. Reimers, president and vice-presi
dent respectively of the First National
Bank of Nellgh, Neb., have been arrested
on indictments returned against them by
the Ffderal Grand Jury. They are charg
ed with violations of the Federal banking
laws. The cashier, who w<os indicted with
them, has disappeared. The bank failed
in October.
TRAGEDY IN THE
HILLS OF SOUTH
SAN FRANCISCO
Mrs. Selinger Found Horribly Mur=
dered in the Kitchen of Her
Home.
Suspicion Falls on Her Husband, Who Is Badly
Injured and Will Make No
Explanation.
Mrs. Selinger was found lying dead
on a lounge in the kitchen of her home,
38 Waterville street, South San Fran
cisco, with the back of her head blown
off by a charee of buckshot. On the
back stoop of the house, but a few feet
from the lounge on which Mrs. Selin
ger lay, sat her husband, Raimond,
bleeding from a great wound in his
forehead.
This briefly tells the story of one of
the most mysterious tragedies which
the police have been called upon to
deal with for a long time. It is mys
terious not because of dark, hidden
plots and secret whisperings, but from
the utter contradiction of things visi
ble and evident. The husband, faint,
weak and apparently wounded unto
death, tells a story which all the visible
evidences of the case seem to conspire
to contradict — a wild, almost impossible
story, and then comes the usual gossip
of the neighbors.
Waterville street is one of the ob
scure little thoroughfares in the lone
some hills of South San Francisco,
hardly marked even by a wagon track.
There are few houses in the neighbor-
hood. The numerous hollows among
the hills form the feeding place for
hundreds of wild duck and the crack of
the hunter's rifle is heard so often that
little or no attention is paid to the
sound.
No. 38 is a brown, one-story cottage
am 1 , in it lived until yesterday Raimond
Selinger and his wife. The husband is
a brewer by occupation, but for some
time past has been out of employment,
and according to the neighbors has
been drunk a great deal. The couple
were said to be very quarrelsome and
passers by often heard voices pitched
high in quarrel.
The last person known to have seen
Mrs. Selinger alive was a brewer named
Miller. He called on the couple Mon
day afternoon, took dinner with them
and left at about 7 o'clock in the even
ing. All seemed to be well at that
time.
The next story comes from a boy
named Russi, who delivers milk in the
neighborhood, and it tends to throw
some light on the mystery. He says
that he was passing the house Monday
evening between 7 and 8 o'clock and
heard the couple quarreling. This was
nothing unusual, but he stopped a mo
ment out of boyish curiosity. What
he heard startled him so much that he
hurried away without waiting for any
PRICE FIVE CE^TS.
thing further. It was the loud angry
voice of the man Selinger making the
threat, "if you don't shut up I'll kill
you." Then the defiant retort from the
woman, "I don't care if you do." This
was all he waited to hear. It is an
eerie locality at best and such words
are not likt'ly to encourage any loiter
ing propensities in a boy's bosom. He
did just what was to be expected — took
to his heels and ran.
In the morning neighbors noticed
that there were no signs of life about
the place and became curious. Three
or four women collected in front of the
house, but none cared to venture in.
H. M. Nutter, a miller living at 202 El
mira street, was attracted by the group
and stepped over and asked what was
the matter. "I think there's something 1
wrong in the house," said one of the
women. "Nobody's been around all
morning." Nutter went up and knocked
at the door. Selinger answered from
inside and in reply to a query stated
that everything was all right.
Later in the day, Carl Dickman came
to take the usual order for meat, but
could get no response to repeated
knocks and summoned the neighbors.
A ladder was obtained and he climbed
in the kitchen window. The sight in
side froze his blood with horror.
On a lounge in one corner of the room
lay Mrs. Selinger, cold and stiff in
death. The hands were thrown out
ward, the head and body covered with
clotted blood from a gaping wound in
the back of the head. An empty shot
gun lay on the floor. There was a
pool of blood at the foot of the lounge
and another • near the door leading
from the kitchen to the hall. The wall
just over her head was perforated with
shot and the upper jamb of the door
was also blown to pieces from another
charge. The room was in the great
est confusion. Everything breakable
was broken and it was evident at a
glance that there had been a hot bat
tle in the kitchen of the lonely little
home.
Just as the trembling boy emerged
from the house Officer Ennis of the
Fourteenth-street station arrived. He
tells the story as follows:
"At about 1:30 o'clock I was patrol
ling my district and noticed a crowd in
front of the Selinger house. I went up
and inquired, and in a few words the
people informed me of the tragedy. I
climbed 'in through the window and
found the body lying on the lounge. It
was stiff and cold; blood had ceased to
flow from the wound and death had
evidently taken place some hours be
fore. The woman was partially dress
ed. I should judge she had been pre
paring to retire for the night when the
fatal shot was fired. I noticed a man's
hat lying in a pool of blood under the
door leading into the hall and the up
per part of the doorway was riddled
with shot. It looked .as though some
person had stood under the door, shot
himself and fallen on the floor.
"I then passed into the hall and from
there to the bedroom. The bed was
disturbed on one side only, and it was
evident that but one person slept in
it. The pillow was covered with clotted
blood.
"I passed into the parlor, which had
not been disturbed. It is a small room,
scantily furnished. I then went around
the house and found Selinger sitting on
the back stoop, and such a sight I hope
never to see again. He was clad only
in his underclothing, and sat double*
up with his head resting on his handfc.
There was a great wound in his head,
from which blood was slowly oozing,
and he was covered from head to foot
with clotted blood. I asked him about
his wife, and he denied that she was
dead, but admitted that he knew she
was hurt. "I don't know who hit her
or who hit me, but I'm hurt bad," he
said, and declined to talk any more.
I wrapped him up in a blanket and
took him to the hospital in my cart.
"It looks to me as though the two had
had a quarrel and Selinger shot the
woman and then himself, but how he
could murder his wife and then crawl
into bed in the next room and stay
there all night is a mystery to me. I
am satisfied, however, that the deed
was done early Monday evening, prob
ably about 8 o'clock. There must have
been two shots fired, as one empty car
tridge was lying on the table, and there
was another empty one in the barrel of
the gun. I do not believe there
was any third party in the case."
Sellnger, when seen at the City and
County Hospital, denied all knowledge
of his wife's death, and pretended to
scoff at the idea that there was any
thing wrong with her. He said:
"I went home about half-past 5 last
evening. I had drunk during the day
seven or eight beers and two glasses of
whisky. My wife had cooked pork
chops for dinner and I quarreled with
her for not cooking something else. We
had our dinner and drank some wine,
and our quarrel was continued. Finally
she took the key of the front door and
said she was going to leave me and go2
to her aunt, Mrs. Schwart, on Seven
teenth street. I took the key from her,
locked the door and put the key in
my pocket. She had a piece of blue
stone in her hand, which she had used
for washing:, and I took it also and
threw it into the garden.
"I went to bed about 8 o'clock and
■vvnkr up about 5 o'clock this morn'.ng.
I told my wife to get up and feed the
chicken? and she got up slowly. Sho
made my breakfast about 7 o'clock.
"When I woke up I discovered the
wound on my forehead and wondered
how I pot ir. but said nothing to her
about it. About 9 o'clock I went to
nn Italian barber at the Golden City
}> use ;i ';.i ?,..t shaved. He asked me
how I pot the vound in my head, and
I uld I wanted to find that out. After
bring Rbaved 1 nrent.back to the house
and remained there until the policeman
came and took me away. I did not
: or strike my wife, and I dnn't
ye she is dead. We used to avar-
I n about her cooking, but I
struck hor."
: ngrer stuck to his story, admit
however, that no om was in the
house exc.pt him and his wife. He had
defined the :'hotsun Monday morning:
as he waa to 50 duck Bhootirur. and
left it on the Hungo in the kitchen
where he always kepi it. as it was
here. His cartridge she k^pt in the
basement. He wai that his
terday mornlnsr, and
he could n< i imderstana n ew Bhe could
have h»'pn wounded or murdered. He
came to this country in 1872 from Ger
ir.any. It rs of aRe and his
wife 36. They bad been married over
years, h r maid.en name having
been Loul hart. They had no
children. P*or three years he worked
for the Chicago Brewery, but lost his
few mom nd has not been
doing Tiny v. 1■; h Bini
Dr. F. J. Tillman, who attended to
found a hole
as large as an egg in the right frontal
bone, and there was a compound frac
ture of the bone. There was consider
able hemorrhage and the tirain could
easily be discerned. The wound is dan
ib, but not necessarily fatal.
"1 <ln not think," said Dr. Tillman.
"that the wound was caused by shot.
There were no powder marks and the
nature of the wound is ngainst that
theory. Besides the wound would have
riddled with shot. It looks to me
a? if it had been caused by some blunt
instrument, possibly the guard of the
trigger of the gun. The upper eyelid
Is torn over and ..' shot had been used
the eyelid would have been shot away.
Th^ blow had evidently been delivered
from behind, as it ranges upward from
the eyelid. There is also a slight con
tusion on the left rht-rK."
The Btati ment of Dr. Tillman leads
to the supposition that Selineer may
have been struck a blow by his wife
with tho butt end of the gun on the
forehead, reusing thn wound: that the
had wrested tho gun from her and shot
her while her back was turned to him.
HONORS OF WAR
FOR DEAD GARCIA
Funeral Services Over
the Patriot.
NOTABLEGATHERING PRESENT
MILITARY GUARD ESCORTS THE
PROCESSION.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.— The solemn
high mass of the Catholic Church was
performed over the remains of General
Calixto Garcia at St. Patrick's Church
to-day before the body of the distin
guished Cuban leader was committed
to the vault in the National Cemetery
at Arlington. The service -was not
able for the distinguished gathering
present. All the honors of war that
could be meted out to a national hero
were bestowed by this Government on
the lion-hearted old Cuban. Havana
itself would scarcely have poured forth
a larger crowd than gathered in and
about the church, and the most radical
of the Cuban independents could not
have picked a flaw in the official marks
of consideration bestowed upon the re
mains of their venerable leader.
The church was filled to the doors
long before the funeral procession from
the Hotel Raleigh arrived. Escorted
by two batteries of United States ar
tillery, the procession halted before the
door, and the military guard grounded
arms with a ring of metal on the hard,
cold pavement while at the same mo
ment the church bell aloft tolled slow
ly and solemnly in the crisp winter air.
Inside the church the great crowd
was hushed to perfect stillness,
through which the first notes of the
organ thrilled with a strange tense
ness, and rising slowly, swelled into a
tender harmony that seemed to be
more like a lullaby than a dirge. The
altar was draped in the emblems of
mourning and the candles stood in
black sconces, except at the foot of the
catafalque, where the golden can
delabra, with their many branches,
flared in the gusts from behind the
chancel.
The solemn procession moved down
the aisle from the door, the casket
borne by a detail of artillerymen.
The Cuban flag was draped over the
silver-mounted coffin. To the left, in
pews reserved for them, sat the honor
ary pallbearers — General Nelson A.
Miles, commanding the United States
army; General Lawton and General
"Wheeler, who were among the first to
greet General Garcia in Cuba; Gen
eral Shafter, commander of the Amer
ican Army of Liberation; Senator
Thurston, whose devoted wife lost her
life less than a year ago in visiting the
unhappy island In behalf of the Cuban
people: G*»*r^ r^'fi'TTi and Senators
Proctor, Mason and Money. % •::.,
.The coffin was deposited before the
altar and the solemn high mass was
begun. Those who officiated were:
Rev. Joseph Magee, deacon; Rev.
Charles Warren Currier of Baltimore,
sub-deacon, and Rev. Clarence E.
Woodman. The sermon was by ■ the
Most Rev. Archbishop John Ireland,
the absolution after the mass by Rev.
George Dougherty, master' of cere
monies at St. Augustine's, Washington,
and there were present in the sanctu
ary Right Rev. Sbarrettl of the "apos
tolic delegation, Monsignor Stephan of
the Catholic Indian Bureau, Rev. Dr.
Rooker, secretary of the apostolic dele
gation, and other priests.
A preliminary service was held at the
hotel by Rev. Joseph Magee. At the
conclusion of the mass the body was
transferred to Arlington with military
honors, where it .was deposited in a
vault to await shipment to Cuba.'
Celluloid albums, toilet cases and work
boxes good for Christmas at Sn." h orn &
Vall'B, 741 Market st. *
SECRETARY BLISS
WILL SOON RETIRE
This May Cause Several Trans
fers to Be Made ir} the
CabiQet.
CORNELIUS N. BLISS, SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR,
WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.— 1t is probable that Secretary Bliss will ten
der his resignation within a short time to the President. He has had
the step under cunsii.hrrat.ioM for some time, deeming it nece.-sary
that he should be tree to devote more attention to his large busi-
ness interests. The resignation, it can be stated, will not be due
in the leaet to any difference with the President or his other advisers, but to
Mr. Bliss' reluctance for purely private personal reasons to continue lcmger in
office as Secretary of the Interior.
The retirement of Mr. Bliss in the near future will give President Me-
Kinley a much-coveted opportunity to disengage 'himself from the political
tangle in which he is at this time involved. The United States Embassy
to Great Britain has been vacant since the retirement from that post of
John Hay, now Secretary of State. President McKinley has been anxious
to appoint Whitelaw Reid, one of the Paris Commissioners, but Senator T.
C. Platt of New York, being opposed to him, threatened to oppose his con
firmation in the Senate. The President has promised the appointment to
Keid, but does not want to offend Mr. Platt, for he needs every vote he can
get in the Senate to carry nut his policy of expansion.
It was suggested to-night that Joseph H. Choate might be offered a
Cabinet portfolio, or that the President might placate Mr. Platt by offering
it to another New Yorker to be named by the Senator. It is not believed
that either Choate or Reid would want the Secretaryship of the Interior, but
it is said that in consequence of Bliss' retirement several Cabinet transfers
may result, so as to make a place available which either Choate or Reid
might accept.
WHITE HUNTSMAN
SLAIN BY INDIANS
Murder on an Island in
Portage Bay.
FATE OF BARNEY PHALE
BEDS RESENT ENCROACHMENTS
ON THEIR PRESERVES.
Halibut Schooner Two Friends Be
lieved to Have Been .Lost With
All on Board at Dixon
•
Entrance.
BY HAL HOFFMAN,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WRANGEL, Alaska, Dec. 11 (by
steamship Cottage City to Victoria.
Dec. 13).— About three weeks ago Cap
tain James Nelson, of the halibut slood
Caroline, and Barney Phale. a fisher- j
man, went ashore on Kupriauoff !
Island, in Portage Bay, to hunt for j
deer. Phale never came back, and the I
captain tells that he was deliberately
shot by Indians. This explanation Is
accepted by the halibut fleet that fishes
in Frederick Sound.
Captain Nelson say* Phale was only
a few hundred yards from him. but he
not see him on account of the
underbrush. He heard a shot. and.
going in that direction, found Phale al
ready dead. Phale's gun was loaded
and he could not have shot himself.
The tribe did not want the fishermen
to hunt in their country and kill their
game. The killing will be investigated
by the authorities here.
The feeling against the white men is \
increasing among the Indians, owing \
to the encroachment of the whites.
This is only one of several instances
in which this animosity has recently
Bhowa itself.
Tht- halibut schooner Two Brothers
has been missing nearly six weeks. The
fleet fishes in the waters between I
Wrang^l and Dlxon Entrance, and the j
oatch is unloaded from lighters in the i
narrows upon ships and taken below to j
supply the 'markets of Seattle and San
Francisco. Fishermen recently found I
one of the dlngies of the Two Brothers I
ashore and badly broken on the beach j
at Dlxon Kntranee, near the ocean, i
It is thought all on board have been j
lost. The names of the crew are not
to be had here.
General Lee Reaches Havana.
HAVANA, Deo. 13.— The T'nited Stntos
transport Panama, pne of the lirst prizes
captured in the late war, arrival this
evening with Gerferal Fitzhugh Lee and
staff.
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBEII 14, IS9B.
WHEEL RACES AT
THE GARDEN CITY
Tournament to Be Held
in January.
CRACK RIDERS WILL MEET
DOWNING AND STEVENS IN A
MATCH RACE.
Two Open Events Down for a Deci
sion Undoubtedly Will Have
a Large Number of
Starters.
Special Dlsi>ateh to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 13.— The Garden City
Wheelmen are jubilant over the out
look, for the big race meet to be
given at Cyclers' Park in this city on
Monday, January 2.
The match race between Hardy
Downing, the crack professional of the
Garden Citys, and Orlund L. Stevens,
who is reported to be the fastest sprint
er in this country, is attracting a great
deal of attention. Downing went a
quarter of a mile in something like
:24 flat at the track while training last
Sunday, and is riding in better form
every day. What he will do on the
day of the meet is, of course, a matter
of speculation; but his friends are
sure that he has a good chance to win
the $250 for which the two men com
pete. Stevens, of course, already has
a world-wide reputation, and if it were
a mere matter of sprinting he wc/uld
undoubtedly win. Downing depends on
hard riding all the way and this may
win the race for him.
The two open events will undoubtedly
be well tilled. 'From San Francisco
comes word that McNess, Walter J.
Davidson and Arthur Davidson are
training hard for January 2. Russ Ful
ler and Bozio of the Olympic Club
Wheelmen will most likely be induced
to enter. "Jack" Wing, who has been
doing so much record breaking of late,
may enter either one or both of the
amateur events, and in that event
would give Fuller a hard rub. There
are a number of local riders who may
make a showing that will surprise
their friends.
Negotiations for the race between
"Bunt" Smith, now a member of the
Bay City Wheelmen, and J. E. Wing,
a resident of San Jose, have practically
fallen through. There has been much
correspondence between the two, but
nothing has come of it. On Sunday
Smith had a personal conference with
"Jack" Win? at the club rooms of the
wheelmen. Wing was eager to ar
range a match race, and even offered
to ride for nothing. Smith would not
agree to this, and stood out because
the prizes were not big enough.
AGNEWS BOARD
MAY HEED THE
PUBLIC VOICE
Inquiry Into Bessie
Bailey's Death.
MANAGERS NOT YET DECIDED
WILL REACH A DETERMINATION
TO-DAY.
Should It Be Decided to Investigate
the Mystery, It is Declared
There Will Be No White
washing-.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 13.— The board of
managers of Agnews Asylum held an
adjourned meeting in Secretary Mont
gomery's office this evening and dis
cussed the mystery surrounding the
death of Bessie Bailey. After consid
ering a few biils the board went into
executive session. The question of
holding an investigation was brought
up. but no definite action was taken.
When the board adjourned it was with
the understanding that the question of
investigating the girl's death would be
determined at to-morrow's meeting.
The full board was present.
From what took place this evening, it
appears that some of the managers
have been looking into the mystery in
dividually. The doctor who saw the
girl on the train, and Conductor Roach,
on whose train the girl left the asylum,
have been communicated with, and
their accounts were related to the man
agers. The majority of the board is
inclined to think that death resulted
from natural causes, but the members
deem it wise to investigate because of
public opinion. Then rumor has It
that Dr. Sponogle and his assistants,
Drs. Stocking and Christal, are not
Batsified with the outcome and may de
mand that the managers clear their
names of any insinuations that may
have been made.
Before the meeting to-morrow the of- j
flcials at the asylum will be consulted. ''
If an investigation be decided on it will
be a searching one and no whitewash
ing will be done. This was the declara
tion of White and Upham this evening.
Dr. Hood of Elko and Dr. Ware of Col
fax may be called as witnesses and spn- ;
sational developments may occur.
The Santa Clara County legislative
delegation will be present to-morrow !
and inspect the asylum. It wil be asked
t" work for a $15,000 appropriation to;
sink an oil well. Good oil indications
have bee n found on the grounds, and i
as fuel is an important item of ex- j
pense a strike of oil would materially
reduce the cost of operating the asy
lum.
HE TREATED BESSIE
BAILEY ON THE TRAIN
COLFAX. Tier. 13— Pr. Ware has
ni.-xle nn affidavit relative to his care
and treatment of Bessie Bailey on the
train between this city and Truckee. It
is understood that this affidavit is to be
used In an investigation to be held by
the trustees of the Agnews Asylum or
by the State Lunacy Commission.
The affidavit c- 'ains certain infor
mation not suitable for publication,
which indicates that Miss Bailey did
not have that moral protection that is
expect til to surround charges of the
State. The remainder of the affidavit
follows:
On November 17. 1898. I received a tele
gram requesting me to meet the east
bound overland train No. 1 to prescribe
for a sick passenger. On the arrival of
said train, shortly after 3 p. m., I boarded
the tourist car and was taken to a young
woman . who was moaning and apparently
in great pain. She at once begged for a
hypodermic of morphine, which I declined
to give her.
After relieving her from pain by other
means, I gave her a small dose of mor
phine, not to exceed twenty drops of tinc
ture of hyoseyamus. This was followed
by a sleep of from an hour arid a quarter
to an hour and a half in duration, from
which she awoke much refreshed and ate
well of a lunch she had with her.
Abmit 8 p. m. she was restless, moan
ing, hysterical and making some noise,
and at this time I counted her pulse and
found it 78, the temperature was normal.
She still asked for a hypodermic of mor
phia occasionally.
At this time the manager of the tourist
party consulted me about the advisability
of Miss Bailey's continuing the trip.
After considering all the circumstances.
I concluded that it was best for her to
continue the trip. .
Before leaving the train I procured half
an ounce of bromide of potassium and told
the manager to dissolve it in a teacup (8
ounces) of water, and if Miss Bailey con
tinued nervous to give her a teaspoonful
every hour or, in case of necessity, a tea-
Bpoonful every half hour, but if she was
not soon relieved or did not do well, not
to rely on the medicine, but to call a phy-
S When I left the train at Truckee Miss
Bailey was quiet and appeared comfort-
In 'a physical examination of the chest
made under very adverse circumstances
I found evidences of bronchial catarrh,
but no evidence of heart trouble could
trip to Truckee she was hy
sterical; cried and laughed by turns,
begged loudly for morphine, and was rest
leiS: After her sleep she was much more
q She told me that an operation had been
performed upon her at the hospital for
?he relief of a bladder difficulty, bin that
it was not entirely successful. She re
ferred distinctly to this operation as hav
ing been for the relief of bladder trouble,
and made no reference to any other ope
ra Sh°e n made some reference to a love affair
between herself and a young man. but
dated the affair several years back and
had nothing to say about any undue inti
macy with any one. There was no refer
ence to any recent love affair.
She told me where she was traveling,
said that she did not want to live and
spoke of suicide several times, but did
not seem very earnest about it and I was
not strongly impressed with the belief
that she would destroy herself, though I
warned the manager to look out for her.
She was sad and gay by turns, quickly
changeable. .
She had in her satchel some medicines,
some glycerine, anti-kamnia tablets and
laxative pill*. The pills she said con
tained strychnine, and I took them away
from her 'and placed them in charge of
one of the passengers.
I do not know whether she had taken
f,ny of her own medicine. She showed no
evidence of being under the influence of
morphine or any other narcotic or seda
tive.
At the time I left her I did not consider
her condition dangerous, though it might
become so from a recurrence of her blad
der trouble..
If her death was from natural causes it
is my belief from what I saw of her that
it was probably due either to uremlc poi
poninsr or acute pulmonary congestion.
The young woman gave me her name as
Miss IJessie Walght but I ascertained
from the passengers and the manager
thnt she was a Miss Bessie Bailey.
Following the affidavit is this state
ment in Dr. "Ware's own handwriting:
COLFAX. Cal., Dec. 12.— She gave me a
tenndotlfr gold piece in payment for my
attendance. She said she did not have
a great deal of money, but could spare $5.
I had no change and presented the ten
dollar gold piece to Mr. Boyd, the excur
sion .conductor, and he gave me the
change — five dollars in paper and five dol
lars in gold. She also had with her some
powders of sulphonal, perhaps a half
dozen, containing at least five grains or
possibly more. C. D. WARE, M.D.
CARRIES A NEW FAITH
AROUND THE WORLD
Mission of Rev. H. N. Harriman, the
Disciple of the "Four-Fold
Doctrine."
TACOMA, Dec. 13.— Rev. H. N. Har
riman, formerly pastor of the First
Baptist Church of Tacoma, who quit
his flock at a time when a split was
the outcome of his new doctrine, is like
ly to be heard from at no late day. He
is now on a tour of the world — as yet
in America, but expecting to make the
round of the globe eventually. He is
preaching what is known as the "Four
fold doctrine."
Two years ago this doctrine, particu
larly its sanctiiication feature, led to
the formation of Eccelsia Mission here
by Key. Mr. Harriman and his follow
ers, who left the Baptist church be
cause its officers would not permit their
radical teachings in that church. Ec
celsia Mission has prospered, having
now several hundred regular attend
ants, several dozens of 'whom hoid
nightly prayer meetings on the princi
pal streets, besides conducting a down
town mission.
Rev. Mr. Harriman has remained the
mission's leader, working without sal
ary and supporting himself and a fam
ily of seven children by such volun
tary contributions as came to hand.
Several times he has had long spells of
fasting, when he believed, he received
divine inspiration.
Last fall he felt a distinct "call" to
preach the gospel in foreign lands, as
did Christ's disciples of old. About
two weeks ago he started East, and
preached in Chicago last Sunday. He
writes back that ho will go around the
world, trusting to the Lord to provide
the moans of his going. He will visit
Palestine, and will endeavor especially
to establish missions in the Philippine
Islands. His family is left without
any income, but they sanction his go
ing and believe the Lord will provide
for them also.
So far they are getting along com
fortably, one or two of his sons being
old enough to contribute to their sup
port.
DIAMOND MERCHANT'S
SON KILLS HIMSEL*
Walter S. Goodlett Commits Suicide
Because His "Remittance Was
Delayed.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 13.— Walter S.
Goodlett of Brichen, Scotland, son of a
wealthy diamond merchant, committed
suicide at Lakeside this morning by
shooting himself in the head with a
charge of shot.
(Joodlett left word last night to be
called at 6:30, saying he might decide
to take the early morning train for San
Diego. On arising he took his shotgun
and went out as if for a stroll. It was
noticed that he had on a new suit of
clothes not adapted to hunting, but it
was thought he was to go only for a
short walk. When he failed to return
for luncheon search was made and his
body was found under the trees at the
east end of the lake with the top of
his head blown off by a double charge
of birdshot.
Young Goodlett was 23 years of age,
but was of powerful build and appeared
much older. He had had all the ad
vantages of education, travel and
wealth. For some years he was en
gaged in mining and in army life in
South Africa. He had been several
times around the world. Two or three
years ago he visited Hotel del Coron
ado and last April he arrived again for
a longer visit. He remained at
Coronado until a few weeks ago, when
he went to Lakeside Hotel for a few
days' shooting.
It was learned that Goodlett was
quite depressed before leaving Coronado
over the fact that his remittance from
home did not arrive. He was put to
sore straits for money and was as
sisted by an intimate friend, a coun
tryman, so far as known.
The body was brought to th!s city
to-night and an inquest will be held to
morrow morning.
STATUS OF MORTGAGES
AND MECHANICS' LIENS
Peculiar Case Decided by Superior
Judge Buckles of Solano
County.
SUISUN, Dec. 13.— Judge Buckles of the
Solano County Superior Court to-day de
cided a case involving a peculiar legal
point. Suit had been brought to foreclose
two mortgages and certain mechanics'
liens upon the same property. Mrs. G.
Hutton owned a certain lot on which the
Continental Building and Loan Company
held a mortgage. Later she purchased an
adjoining lot from Mrs. Mary McLain,
giving a mortgage upon the lot in part
payment. Prior to the execution of the
mortgages the construction of a building
was begun upon the lot mortgaged to the
building and loan company. Eventually
this building was extended over upon the
other lot. Judge Buckles decides that the
mechanics' liens acquired by the con
tractors who constructed the building
hold only upon the main structure cover
ing the first lot, having priority over the
mortgage held by the building and loan
company. The mortgage on the second
lot, however, which was executed before
the building was extended over upon this
lot, has priority over the mechanics' liens.
He further decided that the portion of the
building erected on the lot purchased from
Mrs. McLain, being separable, is subject
to the mortgage claim of Mrs. McLain be
fore ajiy mechanics' lien can attach
thereto.
REORGANIZATION OF THE ARMY
Officers From the Adjutant General's
Department Give Views.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.— The adju
tant general's office of the War De
partment was well represented to-day
at the hearing before the House Com
mittee on Military Affairs relating to
the increase in the army. Adjutant
General Corbin was expected to open
the hearing, but was detained at the
department. His office was represented.
however, by officers from the several
main branches of the army, namely
Brigadier General Schwan, Major Heis
tand, Major Simpson and Major John
ston. General Schwan detailed at
length the organization of the army
under the plan proposed in the Hull
bill, which has the indorsement of the
Secretary of War. The total strength
of officers would be 3721 ; enlisted men,
9*5.797; grand total of officers and men.
100.518.
AFTER THE MOONSHINERS.
Revenue Collector Dunn Will Raid
the San Antonio Still.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 13.— District Inter
nal Revenue Collector Dunn of Santa
Rosa sent word to this city this evening
that he would be here to-morrow to In
vestigate the facts as related by Consta^
ble Louis de Voto of Novato In regard to
moonshiners plying their illegal vocation
near San Antonio. To The Call corre
spondent Constable de Voto to-day sub
stantiated the statements made to*W. J.
Eden. He said three men were engaged hi
the manufacture of whisky, which was
sold in the neighboring towns. De Voto
said the still was located about nine miles
from Novato. He refused to give any
names, but promised to give Collector
Dunn all the information necessary-
Death at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. 13.— Mrs. Michael
Leonard, whi had resided here forty
years, died to-day. She was a native o"f
Boston, aged 61.
ALDERMEN NOW
HOLD SESSIONS
IN SECRET
Sub-Committee Is Yet
at Work.
PREPARE SHORT EXTENSIONS
CHICAGO RAILWAYS YET HOPE
FOR THE FRANCHISES.
Mayor Harriron, However, Is Deter
mined That Action Will Not
Be Taken Until i.ne Allen
Law Is Repealed.
Special Dispatch to Tne Call.
CHICAGO, Dec. 13.— A new tack has
been taken by the street railway peo
ple, as represented by the joint com
mittee of the Council to which the Ly
man franchise ordinance was submitted
by the Council. The sub-committee of
the joint committee, appointed to con
sider the ordinance or frame another,
as it chose, resumed its work to-day,
claiming the action of the Council last
night merely took from it the Lyman
ordinance, leaving the Hermann and
several minor ordinances in the' sub
committee's hands. The authority of
this sub-committee now depends on the
construction of Alderman Walsh's res
olution adopted last night and the in
tent of the Council in passing it. The
sub-committee was in secret session
this evening in the private office of
Alderman Kimball.
Mayor Harrison says nothing was
won or lost at the Council meeting last
night and that the people now know
where some of the Aldermen stand In
the fight, but that the traction com
panies are beaten so far as long term
franchises are concerned.
It is the intention of this sub-com
mittee, and this intention is not con
cealed, to "put the Mayor in a hole," if
it can, and to this end it will proceed to
formulate an ordinance granting street
railways franchises to extend for
twenty years, fixing the rate of com
pensation to the city at 10 per cent of
the yearly gross earnings of the com
panies, establishing a system of trans
fers, etc. In fact, they will embody
all the ideas of the Mayor as to the
sort of an ordinance that will be pleas
ing to the people, and then dare him to
veto it.
This plan Is to be forwarded for the
dual purpose of embarrassing Mayor
Harrison in his position of refusing to
treat with the companies and of divid
ing public sentiment long enough to
permit the gang to rally its forces and
put through the Council such ordi
nances as the companies are willing to
ask for.
The joint committee still has in Its
possession, according to the arguments
of Francis, Cuilerton. Kimball and Mp-
Inerney, the dominant spirits in the
sub-committee, the Hermann ordinance,
the Math ordinance and the Kimball
ordinance, and with these for authority
most of that body believe they can go
ahead and listen fo the arguments of
the traction companies in search for
facts to form conclusions and build an
ordinance for recommendation to the
Council.
Mayor Harrison still stands upon his
declaration that nothing shall be done
until the Allen law is repealed and
when asked about the attitude of the
joint committee, replied: "They still
have the Hermann ordinance before
thorn, but the intention of the Council
last night was to recall from the joint
committee authority to consider the
franchise question. There is no doubt
of that, and it is a question whether
the sub-committee has any powers."
Samuel W. Allerton, the millionaire
packer and large holder of Chicago
City Railway stock, said to-day if the
city did not want to grant fifty year
franchises the railway companies
would not be badly hurt.
"We have franchises," said he. "on
our trunk lines for fifty years, anyhow,
and nobody can touch them. There is
not anybody that would want our
cross town lines without trunk lines,
because they would not pay. The city
would let us go ahead."
Further than that, he said the pres
ent agitation was hurting Chicago
greatly and that moneyed men in New
York absolutely refused to lend money
here because of the contest now going
on here and the opposition manifested
toward corporations and capital.
McKinley Cheered in the South.
SALISBURY, N. C, Dec. 13.— The Presi
dential train arrived here just before mid
night. The trip from Lynchburg, "Va.,
was without incident. At Lynchburg hun
dreds of Virginians were gathered at the
station, although it was after dark and
the weather was very cold. The train
stopped there only about three minutes.
The President appeared on the rear plat
form and bowed to the cheering assem
blage.
SPENDING JONEY!
' " "*•:."••„" ~^~ ■■ " *'•-•" ' ;
For the next few days nearly everybody will be parting with a little
money; some with large amounts, others will find ,it necessary to confine
their purchases to smaller sums. Whether you decide. to buy a trifle or two
or a wagon load for giving or selling to others, we have the goods arid the
sum you appropriate to Christmas purchases will reach farther with us than
anywhere else in town. _^_ V V ; , ...'
PANCAKE MEAL-
This is Aunt Jemima's, and she Is offering
the hot cakes free to all visitors; rirst floor to
the right. Try it before you buy it.
MEN'S FINE $2750 HATS- -$l.OO
These are a lot of 200 samples sent out from
the factory to make selections from. Boys'
hats, 05 cents up; men's, 50 cents up; to close
FLANNEL-BACK TENNIS 7c
This is the popular style of wrapper goods
sold so freely elsewhere at 10 cents; prettiest
patterns you ever saw; 2 bales; to close at 7
HEAVY APRON PLAIDS, 30yds $1,00
This Is not 10-cent goods, but is the best
property in strong gingham we ever offered
on a 3-cent basis. __
CANTON FLANNEL....: 5c
Good quality, unbleached, for children's or
women's wear. Make your money reach by
trading at a cash store.
BARGAIN TABLE.
Adamantine Pins, per paper, any size lc
Asbestos Fire Kindlers; a 10c article lc
1 Jinkri basket, for fancy work lc
1 Butcher Knife (on the last gross) 5c
2 lbs Mariners' Toast (last barrel) 5c
1 game to amuse children 5c
1 pair Ivadteg' Black Hose, fast 5c
50 dozen assorted Buttons, family use $1 00
25 assorted Handkerchiefs, family use 100
WOULD SELL
VERY VALUABLE
FRANCHISES
Scheme of the Cuban
Autonomists.
UNCLE SAM CALLS A HALT
GENERAL WADE INSTRUCTED T2
CHECK THE DEAL.
If Necessary the Principals in thy
Enterprise Will Be Promptly
Arrested and Im
prisoned.
Special DiFrntrh to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.— From in
formation received here it appears that
the autonomist government of Cuba,
established a year ago, is making stren
uous effort to dispose of a number of
very valuable franchises and conces
sions before the advent of the military
government of the United Statfs.
These franchises and concessions in
clude tht right to construct and operate
the Central Railroad line of the island.
including eleven branches, and also a
network of electric tramways for Ha
vana. The authorities first secured an
agreement with General Wade at Ha
vana by which Spanish sovereignty
over the' island was to cease and for
mal occupation by the United States
begin on January 1, 1899. Advertise
ments were subsequently prepared and
inserted in a Havana newspaper, ask
ing for bids for these concessions and
franchises, the same to be opened and
presumably the award made on De
cember 29 of the present year, two days
before the government is formally
turned over to the United States.
The President, however, has seen fit
to put a quietus upon the enterprise of
the Spaniards, and has issued instruc
tions to General Wade, the chairman of
our evacuation commission at Ha
vana, immediately to inform the offi-
cials of the Spanish autonomist gov
ernment that the United States
strongly disapproves of the proposed
disposition of the concessions and fran
chises described, and to ask that all
negotiations for the same be discon
tinued. It seems probable that this
hint will be sufficient, but in case It is
not. General Wade's instructions are
sufficient to meet every . contingency.
He is ordered .to put a stop to these
proceedings without any limitations on
his authority. If necessary there is no
doubt that the principals in the scheme
will be promptly arrested and impris
oned.
According to the terms of the adver
tisement in the case of the Central
Railroad, the concession is to run
ninety-nine years, and under it "the
government," it is stipulated, "will aid
the concessionaire by guaranteeing an
annual interest of 4 per cent on the
capital invested in the lines mentioned,
besides all advantages granted to rail
road companies under the laws of 1R77
and 18S0." The roads are also "gTanted
exemption from import duties on ma
terial necessary' for the construction
and operation of the lines." and also
"free cession of such lands belonging
to the state or to towns as may be
necessary for the construction and ope
ration."
Bidders were required to deposit be
fore bidding the sum of 200.000 pesos in
gold in the Spanish bank in Cuba and
a further sum of 1,000,000 pesos in gold
as a guarantee."
"The treasury of the island of Cuba,"
it is declared, "will pay in gold to the
concessionaire every month the
amounts due on the sections of line in
operation at the rate of interest guar
anteed."
FIRE AT SACRAMENTO.
Union Iron "Works of Root, Nielson
& Co. Destroyed. • '•■•.-.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 13.— At midnight
to-night the Union Iron Works of Root,
Nielson & Co., on Front street, were
burned. The foundry did a large business
all over the coast and was a finely
equipped establishment. The patterns are
said. to represent a value of $40,000 to the
owners, and these and all the machinery
are ruined. The loss Is perhaps $60,000,
with . only one-third insurance. The fire
started in the engine-room.
» - ■ ■;-'■■;
Killed by a Dynamite Explosion.
SEATTLE, Wash., Dec. 13.— A prema
ture explosion of dynamite occurred in the
eastern portion of the Cascade tunnel this
evening. Pat Shorland, of Butte, Mont.,
«ai killed, and two other unknown in
jured.
Leo on Americanism.
LONDON, Dec. 14.— The Rome corre-.
spondent of the Standard says. The Pope
has addressed a letter to Cardinal Gib
bons on his theories of Americanism. It
will not be published until it has been
communicated to the American episco
pate.
LADIES' FELT SHOES 25c
These are the $1 25 grade everywhere else.
We are out of large sizes and shall close 2\£
and 3 for women, regular high-cut shoes, at
25 cents this week.
LADIES' WRAPPERS, Tennis. $1.00
Our Boston Gowns are 85 cents, but we
make a big talk on Ladles' Tennis Wrappers
at $1. If you see them you will say we have
room to talk.
NEEDLES. SewingT ic
These are regular 5-cent papers. Dealers
take them by the 1000 to sell again. You
have the same chance.
MOTHER'S MUSH 9 ~2 for 15c
For a few days we want to sell this fine
brvakfas-t dish at a price that will Induce
everybody to try it.
SANTA CLAUS SOAP, 6 for- - -25c
Finest houEe snap in the world. Fine pic-
ture for the parlor with every six. Call and
see how we do It.
CASI-S STORE
25-27 Market St., S F.OUTLINE OF
PEACE TREATY
IS OBTAINED
Important Provisions
of Articles.
CONCESSIONS TO COMMERCE
SPANIARDS GIVEN F^IB. TREAT
MENT IN THE COLONIES.
It Is Specified That the Treaty Must
Be Ratified Within Six Months
in Order t*> Be
Binding.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Dec. 13.— Extraordinary pre- j
cautions ar<r maintained by both the |
Peace commissions to preserve secrecy
as to the contents of the treaty. Each
commission has two copies, but even
the commission attaches are not per- j
mitted to peruse the documents. The j
correspondent of the Associated Press, I
however, has obtained from a source j
usually reliable the following outline of i
tlv- treaty:
Article l provides for the relinquish- |
im-nt of Cuba.
Article 2 provides for the cession of
Porto Rico.
Article 3 provides for the cession of j
the Philippines for $20,000,000 as com- j
pensaticn.
Article 4 embraces the plans for the;
cession of the Philippines, including the j
return of Spanish prisoners in the J
hands of the Tagallos.
Article 5 deals with the cession of |
barracks, war materials, arms, stores,
buildings and all property pertaining to
the Spanish administration in the Phil
ippines.
Article 6 is a renunciation by both
nations erf their respective claims
against each other and the citizens of
eacta other.
Article 7 grants to Spanish trade and '
chipping in the Philippines the same j
treatment as American trade and ship- ;
ping tor a period of ten years.
Article 8 provides for the release of j
all prisoners of war held by Spain and
of all prisoners held by her for political
offenses committed in the colonies ac- j
quired by the United States.
Article ;t guarantees the legal rights '
of Spaniards remaining in Cuba.
Article 10 establishes religious free- ,
dom in the Philippines and guarantees j
to all churches equal rights.
Article 11 provides for the composi
tion "i" courts and other tribunals in
Porto Rico anil Cuba.
Article 12 provides for the administra-^
tion of justice in Porto Rico and Cuba, j
Article 13 provides for the continu- I
ance of five years of Spanish copy
rights in the ceded territories, giving
Spanish books admittance free of duty.
Article 14 provides for the establish
ment of consulates by Spain in the
■'. territories.
Article 15 grants to Spanish com- i
mere- in Cuba, Porto Rico and the I
Philippines the same treatment as to
Americans for ten years, Spanish
shipping to be treated as coasting ves
sels.
Article 16 stipulates that the obliga
tions of the United States to Spanish
citizens and property in Cuba shall
terminate with the withdrawal of the
United States authorities from the is
land.
Article IT provides that the treaty
must be ratified within six months
from the date of the signing by the re
spective governments in order to be
binding.
By to-morrow the United States
Peace Commissioners will call upon
President Faure and M. Delcasse, the
Foreign Minister, to thank them for
the hospitality of the French nation
and to make their formal farewells.
MADRID, Dec. 13.— 1t is asserted
here that the Premier, Senor Sagasta,
■will obtain a royal decree dissolving
the Chambers before the ratification of
the peace treaty.
Secretary Correa has announced that
Senor Sagasta, before asking the Cortes
to ratify the treaty, will confer with
Senor Montero Rios, president of the
Spanish Peace Commission, and it is
further asserted that, owing to the ex
istence of opposition to the treaty, the
United "" otaUd Senate will not con
firm it.
HARCOURT GIVES UP
THE LEADERSHIP
J.'o Longer Willing to Guide the Lib-
eral .Party in the House of
Commons.
LONDON, Dec. 13.— Right Hon. Wil
liam Vernon Harco'urt, Member of Par
liament for West Monmouthshire, and
cinte the resignation of Gladstone the
official leader of the Liberal party in
th" House of Commons, has addressed
a k-tter to John Morley, Liberal mem
ber for Morttroseburgh, announcing his
rpsignation of the leadership. He says:
"The Libpral party, rent by sectional
disputes and personal interests, is one
which no man can consent to lead,
either with credit to himself or advan
taec to the country."
Mr. Morley, in his reply, expresses
Bympathy with Sir William Vernon
Harcourt, and says he is not surprised
at the tatter's decision. Mr. Morley's
reply is a very long and sympathetic
justification of Harcourt's action and
an eulogy of his financial work, public
spirit and zeal for the welfare of his
party.
It is understood that Harcourt will
retain his seat in the House of Com
mons. Lord Rosebery will be inevi
tably Indicated as the. leader of the en
tire Liberal party. His brilliant speech
on the Fashoda incident has settled
that.
As for tho Liberal leadership in the
House of Commons everything points
to Herbert Henry Asqulth, Member for
East Fife and Secretary of ritate for
the Home Department in the Glad-
Btone-Rosebery government, which be
gan with Mr. Gladstone's Premiership
in 1592 and ended under Lord Rose
bery's in lsor>. The affair lends unusual
interest to the conference of the Na
tional Liberal Federation at Birming
ham next Friday. A final decision as
to future leaders will be taken at a
meeting of the Liberal members prior
to the reassembling: of Parliament:
Rally of Salvationists.
NEW YORK. Her. 13.— The eighteenth
annual rally of the Salvation Army was
held to-night at Carnegie Hall and drew
out a very large audience. Commander
Hnoth-Tui-ker and Mrs. Tucker were pres
ent, and took an active part in the ex
ercises.
Commander Booth-Tucker made his an
nual report on the army's farm colonies.
There wan a liberal response to the ap
peal for funds.
Onyx tables, lamps, shades and globes.
Beautiful Christmas presents at Sanborn
& V ail's, 741 Market st. •
WAR VESSELS ARE
ORDERED TO HAVANA
WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.— The Brooklyn, Texas, Castine and Res
olute have been ordered to Havana.
While there is not the faintest desire to convey a threat in the
dispatch of these warships to Havana, it may be noted that when
they lie within the harbor they will hold the town In perfect subjec
tion. It is surmised that the suggestion came from Admiral Samp
son, who is now in one of the suburbs of Havana, as a result of the
unfortunate eruption Sunday night at the ' Hotel Ingleterra. At any
event the affray brought the authorities to a sudden realization of the
exact state of affairs in Havana and the imminent danger of another,
such outbreak, which perhaps might run into the proportions of a riot
and cost many innocent lives. With only a small force of American
soldiers in Havana province and those removed at such a distance
from the city as to make it difficult of access in time to be of ser
vice to the American element in the city, now swollen to large pro
portions by the advent of many hundred commercial men and others
seeking opportunities for employment, the necessity for some protec
tion was apparent. To increase the number of soldiers materially is
not easy, in view of the difficulty of transporting them, as well as
providing for them when they reach Cuba, but the navy's motto now
is "Always ready," and it was decided to hasten the ships named to
Havana to form a formidable bulwark aprainst any anarchistic out
breaks that might occur before the completion of the American occu
pation of the city.
AMERICAN UNIVERSITY TRUSTEES MEET.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.— At the semi-annual meeting of the trustees
of the American University, held here to-day, Hon. William Connell
of Scranton, Pa., presided at the forenoon session and ex-Governor
Pattison at the afternoon. Among those present were Bishop John F. Hurst,
chancellor; Bishop C. C. McCabe. Rev. W. H. Milburn, chaplain of the
United States Senate; Rev. Dr. Payne, corresponding secretary of the Board
of Education of the M. E. Church, and M. G. Emery, treasurer.
The board adopted plans proposed by Bishop McCabe for the organiza
tion of a ministerial alliance, to consist of 1000 preachers, each to secure
$1000 ($1,000,000 in all) for an endowment fund, and also for a woman's guild,
to raise the same amount, making $2,000,000 for the endowment. •
The initial steps toward the organization of the alliance were taken by
the election of Bishop Charles H. Fowler of Buffalo, N. V., as president, and
Bishop McCabe as secretary. Mr. C. C. Grover pledged $1000 for the al
liance, payable January 1. Subscriptions to the alliance already have been
made for $25,000.
For the erection of the Pennsylvania Hall of Administration $50,000 also
has been pledged. Dr. W. L. Davidson was elected field secretary, to have
in charge the raising of funds for the erection of the Ohio College of Govern
ment building.
An explanation was made by Henry Ives Cobb of a water-colored
sketch of the grounds and proposed buildings, and also of his elevations of
the Ohio College of Government and the Pennsylvania Hall of Administra
tion buildings.
Thomas W. Smith of Washington; Mrs. E. S. Tome of Fort Deposit,
Md. ; Rev. Dr. Parks Cadman of New York; John E. Duboise of Duboise,
Pa., and Rev. Dr. J. Wesley Hill, were elected trustees.
DEADLY AFFRAY BETWEEN MEMBERS OF A FUNERAL PARTY.
HAVANA, Dec. 13.— About 9 o'clock this morning when a funeral pro
cession, which was escorting the hearse containing the remains of
Jesus Sotolongo, who was killed Sunday night, reached the corner of
Infanta and San Jose streets, a violent affray took place between the
members of the funeral party and some employes of the military hospital.
The following were wounded: Dr. Betancourt, Cuban Deputy for Santiago;
Rafael Portuondo, Cuban Deputy: the Cuban General Vidal; the Cuban
Colonel Rivas. Francisco L,ucas Blanco, a Spaniard; Ramon Garcia, a Span
iard; three women and two children. Garcia, who was stabbed, may die,
and Portuondo was badly hurt.
One version of the affair is that the military hospital employes and a
number of Spanish privates, who were standing in the hospital portico, re
fused to remove their hats when requested to do so by persons in the pro
cession. Thereupon the Cubans, it is alleged, tried to knock off the hats,
and a fight ensued.
The privates fired upon the procession, the windows of the hearse being
broken and bullets striking the coffin. Knives and pistols were freely used.
The procession, which consisted of ISO carriages, continued to the Cuban
camp near Marianao. where military honors were rendered. There were
more than fifty wreaths of flowers from the friends of the dead man and
the procession and ceremonial were virtually a demonstration against the
Hotel Inglaterra outrage.
NINE MEN KILLED BY A FAST EXPRESS TRAIN.
BUFFALO, N. V., Dec. 13.— Nine men were killed and three injured at
Winspure bridge, near Corfu, on the New York Central Railroad, to
day. They were Poles, with the exception of John Warner, their fore
man, who is among the killed. The men were engaged in shoveling snow.
All were frightfully mutilated. The men stepped from the track to avoid an
approaching train right in front of a fast express train running in the same
direction as the first, and were literally ground to pieces.
Engineer Smith of the express, in an interview, said:
"I could see nothing ahead of me, but I thought the place looked bad
and blew my whistle. I had let up on the whistle when I heard my fireman
give a yell. He did not call for brakes, but I slapped on the air the minute
I heard him. He "had seen a man beside the track, though he had not seen
any one struck. A moment after I applied the brakes I saw a man shoot up
into the air on my side of the cab. He was as high as the smokestack when
I saw him. He came down on the freight train, which was running
along on that side, and was carried a mile before he fell off. My
train stopped in about two train lengths, and the sight that I saw
when I got out was the most horrible I have ever witnessed. The
dead and mangled were lying on both sides of the track just
as they had been thrown. I did not see them until after we had struck them.
I did not see them come on the track, and until my fireman yelled I did
not know they were there."
BAILEY OPPOSIS WHEELER'S RIGHT IN THE HOUSE.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.— Representative Bailey of Texas has decided
to raise the question of the right of Major General Wheeler to par
ticipate in the proceedings of the House should he attempt to ex
ercise the privilege of a member. He will also raise the question as
against either of three other members of the House who entered the ser
vice in the United States army during the war with Spain — Robbins (R.) of
Pennsylvania, Colson (R.) of Kentucky and Campbell (D.) of Illinois. None
of these members of the House who entered the military service has partici
pated in the proceedings since the session convened, either to introduce
biils or vote upon roll call, but last Saturday General Wheeler attended
the Democratic caucus. As none but Democratic members of Congress are
members of th<* Democratic caucus. Barley says this raises the presumption
that General Wheeler contemplates resuming his seat in the House.
FRENCH DEPUTIES FIGHT A HARMLESS "DUEL"
PARIS, Dec. 13.— M. Antide Boyer, the Radical Socialist Deputy, and M.
Deroulede, the Revisionist Deputy, fought a harmless duel with pis
tols to-day at Tour de Villebon, near Meudon, as an outcome of yes
terday's debate, during which M. Deroulede and M. Gauthie, another Re
visionist Deputy, challenged by M. Boyer, referred to M. Boyer as a "white
washed Panamaist."
TRADERS KILLED AND EATEN BY CANNIBALS.
\ NTWERP, Dec. 13.— The steamer Leopoldville, which has just arrfved
A here from Africa with Congo advices, reports that four Belgian trad
ers have been killed and eaten by the natives of Upper Übanghi. A
punitive expedition, it is also said, has been dispatched to that district.
ADVEB/TISEIttENTS.
Have You Been Deceived?
When you wanted a bottle of
NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
Did your Druggist give you a cheap substitute, because he made a few cents
more profit ? J* Will you believe those " just 2s good " stories when you
know that " HUNYADI JANOS " is the only genuine Hunyadi Water?
Ask Your Physician.
He will recommend it as other eminent physicians have for many years.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1898.
ARGUMENT OE
NICARAGUAN
CANAL PLANS
Senators Are Not in
Accord.
VARIED VIEWS PRESENTED
TTJRPIE STYLES MABITIMIi COM
PANY A FBAUD.
Morgan Opposes a Motion to Delay
Consideration of the Bill and
Scores the Grace Syn
dicate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. lJ— To-day's
session of the Senate was largely con
sumed in discussing the Nicaragua
canal bill. Turpie made the principal
speech in opposition to the bill, at
tacking it on the ground that it is in
the interest of the Maritime Canal
Company, which he characterized as a
fraud and bankrupt. He moved a post
ponement of the matter until after the
holiday recess. Morgan defended the
bill and the Maritime Company and
opposed the motion to postpone. Berry
and Rawlins both offered amendments
materially aff.cting the bill.
Previous to the proceedings upon the
canal bill, Morrill made an address in
support of the bill authorizing the pur
chase of a site for a Supreme Court
building, and this and several other
bills were passed.
Berry gave notice of an amendment that
he will offer to the Nicaragua canal bill
providing for the direct appropriation of
money for the construction of the canal
and limiting the cost to $115,000,000. The
amendment provides for the construction
of the canal by the Maritime Company
and gives the Government a lien upon the
property to be foreclosed under circum
stances" fully enumerated. Berry stated
the object of the amendment to be to eli
minate the bond feature of the bill. An
other amendment was intended to deprive
the Maritime Canal Company of any
shares of the stock, leaving the United
States, Nicaragua and Costa Rica the
only stockholders.
Rawlins also gave notice of an amend
ment to the Nicaragua bill, providing that
the act should not go into effect until the
Government should secure by treaty the
right to fortify and garrison the canal, to
send armed vessels and munitions of war
through it in time of war, and to close
it against any other nation with which
the I'nited States may be at war.
Turpie CD.) of Indiana then addressed
the Senate on the Nicaragua canal bill,
saying that no one could excel him in zeal
in advocating the Isthmian canal, but
while he saw the vast advantage of the
proposed waterway, he was also fully
aware of the difficulties in the way of
putting the plan for a canal into execu
tion. iVhile not opposed to the canal as
such, he was opposed to the scheme of
the Maritime Canal Company and he de
nounced that company as the moat ven
omous and effective opponent of a real
canal enterprise. lie did not believe it
possible for +hat company, with its bad
odor, to construct the canal, and he held
that the Maritime Company should get
out of the way of the genuine canal en
terprise. He developed this line of attack
at length, denouncing it as a scheme of
confiscation, the object of the Maritime
Company being, he declared, not to cut a
canal, but to "cut a channel of communi
cation at the least possible cost between
the Treasury of the United States and
the empty coffers of that beggarly corpo
ration."
Turpie asserted that the Government
could not lawfully guarantee the Marl
time Company's bonds us proposed. The
case was not parallel to the Pacific rail
road companies, as in those cases the
bonds were made directly payable to the
companies. As to the possibility of for
eign jealousy operating to prevent the
construction of the canal by this Govern
ment. Turpie declared that there was no
civi.ized nation that would not be pleased
to see the canal constructed. The Mari
time Company had been guilty of innum
erable frauds, but even if it had not, he
would not support the pending- bill, be
cause of the failure to provide for the
ownership of the canal by the United
States. All obstacles would disappear
before a movement on the part of the
United States to construct the canal. The
opposition of Nicaragua and other coun
tries was made to the Maritime Corn
pan and to it only, of whose "vapid, I
empty and thoroughly groundless preten- I
sions the Government of Nicaragua had
evidently become tired."
Turpie renewed his plea for a postpone
ment of the question until the Nicaragua
Canal Commission should report. He
said he had favored the appointment of
this commission because he knew that no
commission could report in favor of the
Maritime Company as he did not believe
the present commission had. Information
was wanted on the three points of feasi
bility, time and expense, and che Senalv.
had a right to this information before
acting upon the bill. Turpie closed for
the day with a motion for postponement
of further consideration of the bill until I
January 10, by which time the report of
the commission would be received.
Morgan antagonized the motion, plead
ing for the continuation of the debate,
saying there were many points connected I
with the enterprise upon which light could '
not possibly be thrown by the Walker re- i
port. He denied that the Maritime Com- |
pany had ever applied to the United
States for assistance, but, on the otner i
hand, the application had been made to
them because they owned the only con
cession. He declared in answer to a sug
gestion from Turpie that it would never I
be possible to get an agreement binding
the United States, Nicaragua and Costa
Rica because of Costa Rica's suspicion
of Nicaragua. Costa Rica knew perfectly j
well that Nicaragua was desirous of <
nothing so much as the downfall of Costa
Rica. He spoke of Costa Rica's "bar
gain counter" in the matter of granting ;
concessions, and when Turpie interrupted
him with the statement that this was not
an expression of amity toward Nicaragua I
ho retorted that Turpie was growing sen
timental on the subject. He declared mat
Grace's purpose in getting a new con
tract was not to build a canal, but to i
own it— to hold up the Government. He I
denounced this concession as a "rascally j
contract." Grace had called on him
twice in one day without being Invited I
and had urged the abandonment of Gov
ernment aid. In reply to a question from
him Grace had said he expected to °ret
his money to build the canal from Lon- i
don. This fact showed where we were j
drifting, and was there a Senator who
would be willing to see the canal placed
under the control of foreigners?
The Senate at 5 o'clock went into ex
ecutive session, and at 5:15 p. m. ad
journed.
PITHY CORRESPONDENCE
RELATING TO THE CANAL
WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.— At the
opening of the debate on the Nicaragua
canal bill in the Senate to-day Senator
Morgan had read a letter from the Sec
retary of State, transmitting Minister
Merry's statement of his representa
tions to President Zelaya of Nicaragua
concerning the canal concessions and
also a communication made by Hon. W.
R. Grace in behalf of the syndicate
which has recently obtained a conces
sion from Nicaragua in antagonism to
the Maritime Company. The letter of
Minister Merry to Secretary Hay says:
It is my duty to further inform yfcu that
my telegram to Consul Donaldson re
questing him to personally present your
remonstrance to the President (of Nicar
agua) reached htm a-ftar the "cation' 1 to
iT ;'; '■;■■■ v ; ADVERTISEMENTS. V
The announcements contained upon this page will giye you but a brief idea »
of the valuable and interesting features to appear in HARPER'S WEEKLY. g
fCil The Best Pictorial History of tk Year i 1
P '&.JM 'Jll * POLITICS * & ART S
>X-*^^ ff^ HARPER'S WEEKLY in 1899 will stand, as it always has, for purity §?
£»& /&7 y ' and disinterested work in the state and national politics of our country. 2si
$*»§& /^ / JEliil In art the pages of the WEEKLY will continue the standard of artistic £2jc
lliy^v j>v $£»W&!i excellence, with such artists as W. T. Smediey, T. de Thulstrup, Frederic £*l
Remington, Clifford Carleton, and others of equal talent as contributors.
g^^^^^^ Our New Possessions I
B^^^^?^K CUBA jt THE PHILIPPINES jfc HAWAII J. PORTO RICO S
wP»r <r^^^^^^^ will be fully described by Phil. Robinson and Frank D. Millet, Caspar 5?
liilfr / Whitney and William Dinwiddie, in a series of articles which deal with JJQ
WiMi ' *^^l 1^ the resources, life, and strategic value of these rich and fertile islands.
Hl' J2& /^r QPDIAI
Eg© fl^*' / / %:Vj OCilvl^^*-' 1 v^lv.*"-**- 7 «t
>f^J!V Three remarkably strong and extraordinarily interesting serial stories will
WB^n^-^l \ '§s£m appear during 1899, each from the pen of a distinguished man of letters. «^r
S^^f^y^S^B WHEN THE SLEEPER WAKES WITH SWORD AND CRUCIFIX gj
JBfeBg^H WIM ' THE CONSPIRATORS. By R. W. Chambers ||j
These stories will be illustrated. In addition to the serials there will «
*^^^^^^BBH^pi^S>si appear, whenever space permits, short fiction of unsurpassable interest. ;g*
REPRESENTATIVE SHORT STORIES <
I!!* -4iw \s ] Wl AMONGST THIEVES A SMALL WORLD ;§5
Hiitf IV -I'lf By IV. E. N orris ' • ... By Henry Seton Merriman XSZ
MM g?*i, _/W fe A CURIOUS COINCIDENCE THIS MORTAL COIL \.
feS ■j^^^W^ v> iW STORIES OF WESTERN FARM LIFE THE DEMON OF N'GARAHOE 8)
W&^ffi//'^' '^P* By HIS. Williams V"'- By Owen Hall &3
WmL *%&£§& INDUSTRIAL ADVANCEMENT OF OUR COUNTRY §
7^^ will be recorded by illustrated articles from week to week, written by £3
EP^^-%%iaHß^^3 Franklin Matthews and others who have made a study of the develop- «
|V '■£ sr.&®i%J*tP ments— political, social, and industrial— taking place within our borders. -c^r
f§IPSSStt Alaska and the Klondike '. \\ g|
W wr^ will be the subject of a series of illustrated articles, by E. J. Spurr.
mf £ $@&?\ THE LONDON LETTER , THIS BUSY WORLD g)
IS • \\J^^L EM will follow and explain the thought a department of sprightly para- ®i
Wf'i A^S^Xk' «s?> and trend of the British people graphsof timely interest will be con- «j
Wm* xl^^/VNwfi&NS to-day, most interesting to us in tinued, retaining all the character- £<?
Wmk A *^b^* \ Jill view °* oUr new ex P ansion P° lic y« istics that have made it so popular. 2|2
|^K<w|^^4^ " MUSIC * DRAMA ji ATHLETICS S
W^^M^^^^^^^M- These three subjects wi'.l be treated as their seasons demand by E. I. g£
h' -" %'* '--'*£ j" Stevenson, J.Corbin, and Caspar Whitney, men eminently fitted for the task. jg)
I f;v *p^^ig^^^P>i i: HARPER'S MAGAZINE, WEEKLY, and BAZAR . . . . . Each, One Year, $4 00 £|?
WWWf^Jm^^^ ' COMBINATION OFFERS |g
P^^ / &£%' l<^^m HARPER'S MAOAZINE, WEEKLY, and BAZAR, to one address . . One Year, $10 00 ]&)
\ ; W$ 1 ''■''<£* *% \ W&9& HARPER'S WEEKLY and BAZAR, to one address ......" 700 S><?
$"^3 \ilOii . \ W&M HARPER'S MAGAZINE and WEEKLY, to one address M 00 <K)
»'l? 'mk HARPER'S MAQAZINE and BAZAR, to one address . . . . . " I7 00 «g?
W l< \ ■ ' \ ' t ' Postpaid in the United States, Canada, and Mexico. - '? jSI
|m/\j%jßrlm /\j% jBrl HARPER'S WEEKLY, 10 Cts. a Copy. Subscription, 14 00 a Yea?. |ij
p^^N V^^fe Address HARPER & BROTHERS, Publishers, New York, N. Y. gjj
the canal speculators had be«n signed,
but fully one day before the Nicaraguan
Congress, that was specially called to
confirm it. passed upon it favorably. I
am informed that it is an option of one
year only, but hope soon to Bend you more
precise information In reference thereto.
In a letter dated San Jose, Costa
Rica, October 28, 1898, to General Ze
laya, President of Nicaragua, Minister
Merry said:
I have the honor to advise that I have
this <luy received the following cable
from the Government of the United
States: "You will recognize the great ex
pediency of continuing the present status
of the Nicaraguan canal question until
Congress shall have had opportunity to
act and remonstrate against any arrange
ments which may substitute new condi
tions for those now existing." Under
these instructions I have to-day tele
graphed the United States Consul at
Managua, requesting him to present the
remonstrance of the United Stutes Gov
ernment against any change of the con
ditions connected with the Nicaragua
canal concession. I trust that your ex
cellency will decide, in the interests of
the country which entrusts its destinies
to your able and patriotic guidance to
accede to the policy herein suggested, so
important to the future development and
prosperity of Nicaragua and as due to
the friendly relations between your excel
lency's government and that of the Uni
ted States, which it has been my special
endeavor to promote. I may be permitted
to add my personal assurances of a sin
cere desire to use every honorable in
fluence to assure your excellency of the
proud record of important and patriotic
aid in opening the ocean highway for the
world's commerce through beautiful Nic
aragua.
The letter of William R. Grace is
dated December 2, 1898, and after as
serting that the Cardenas-Menocal con
cession had been forfeited and that the
concession granted Eyre and Cragin
would be effective in October, says:
The syndicate is satisfied that it will be
able to secure money to complete the
canal. It holds that the canal is an en
terprise from which private capital should
not be eliminated, but respecting the
opinion of those who fear having such a
highway in private hands, the syndicate
Is willing to arrange a basis on which
the United States Government would con
trol the tariffs, and participate in the
management of the canal.
Grace submits the following terms:
The Inter-Oceanic Canal Company to
be organized under a State charter,
capital to be $100,000,000, with the right
to issue mortgage bonds to the amount
of $150,000,000 at 4 per cent, and a sink
ing fund of one-half of 1 per cent after
twenty years; the United States Gov
ernment to guarantee interest at 3 per
cent on $50,000,000 of the mortgage in
debtedness, taking a second, mortgage
as security, the guarantee not to be
given until the company has invested
$1,000,000 in the enterprise; the Govern
ment can appoint five directors of a
board of fifteen; the syndicate will con
sent to the disbursement of the money
raised upon the Government guarantee,
to be subject to audit by the Govern
ment.
In conclusion Grace says the syndi
cate is desirous of meeti-ng the wishes
of the President in every possible way
and to allay the. fears of people who
think the great work should not be left
to uncontrolled private management.
HOUSE PASSES TWO
IMPORTANT MEASURES
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13.— The House to
day passed the District of CoHimbia ap
propriation bill -without a single amend
ment. The bill carries $G,3:>9.950, which is
$176,600 less than was carried by the last
bill and J2.871.H07 less than the estimates.
The House also passed the Senate bill
whici was under consideration yesterday
to amendment of the laws relating to
seamen. All the amendments were re
jected.
RESOLUTIONS BEFORE
THE LABOR COUNCIL
They Relate to Army Clothing, Anti-
Expansion and Employment of
Women and Children.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Dec. 13.— At the
session of the American Federation of
Labor to-day a resolution was introduced
by Samuel Autler of New York, president
of the National Garment Workers of
America, declaring that army clothing
should be made in union shops and not
elsewhere. An effort to attain this result
was provided for.
C. J. Kent of Lincoln, Populist Labor
Commissioner for Nebraska, and a per
sonal friend of William J. Bryan, intro
duced an anti-expansion resolution.
The most revolutionary measure was
Introduced by J. F. O'Sullivan of Boston.
It asks Congress to impose an annual
tax of 50 per cent of the total products of
any firm or factory which employs
women and children over eight hours per
day, or employs children under the age
of 14.
ATTORNEYS ACCUSED.
Charged With Questionable Acts in-
the Clark Murder Case.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 13.— A sensation
was caused in the courtroom of Judge
Smith of the Superior Court here to-day
when Prosecuting Attorney McComas
charged the attorneys for Harry Clark,
convicted of the murder of a Chinese
with having attempted 'to influence the
jurors to sign a recommendation to Judge
Smith. Clark's attorneys asked for and
wore granted a continuance of a week
before sentence be passed. This is the
fourth continuance. The attorneys say
they have evidence to prove that Con
stable Joseph Hunter murdered the Chi
nese.
Mare Island Examination.
VALLEJO, Dec. 13.— 1n response to the
order issued by Secretary of the Navy
Long, the examination of applicants for
the position of quarterman rigger 'in
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
WASTING WEAKNESS, .
,^^^^^^'^^^i Loss of Vital Powers, etc.,
«Sb/ whether brought on by Nerv- '
JBpP ||P ous Debility or other causes
Ctl "ilP^ip All Contracted Ailments
I <^kil Quickly and permanently
%lIPK2M '*^?lHfc 1 cured. Largest and best
!Mwl ! diPW^ equipped Medical Institution
• ■ and most extensive practice
;■ JPH^S^ •' jl^plßm^ No Pay Till Cured. Consultation Free.
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS. y 3 / MARKET , STREET, San Francisco.
CURE MEN.
charge at the navy yard, left vacant by
the death of E. K. Furlong, will be held
at Mare Island on December 29. The posi
tion has attached to it a salary of $4 80
per diem. The examination will be open
to all comers who can give evidence of
experience in conducting the kind of
work for which they seek employment
and who are citizens of the United States.
The applications must be delivered to
Commandant Watson at Mare Island on
or before December 2fi.
YOUTHFUL CATTLE THIEF.
Potivro Lad Lodged in the County
Jail at San Rafael.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 13.-The youth al
leged to have assisted the young nephew
of Mrs. Edward Butterworth in stealing
several of her valuable cows has been
lodged behind the bars. His name is A.
Aiken and his father is a Potrero saloon
keeper. Aiken was brought here and
placed in jail to-day by Constable Louis
Hughes. He is only 19 years old and has
just returned from Sacramento. It is as
serted in spite of Aiken's denial of guilt
that plenty of evidence is in possession
of the officers warranting his conviction.
IROQUOIS IN COMMISSION.
Lieutenant Charles F. Pond to Com-
mand the Tug.
VALLEJO. Dec. 13.— The tug Iroquols
was placed In commisson at Mare Island
this morning, in command of Lieutenant
Charles P. Pond. She carries a crew of
thirty-five men, and will be used as a
tender to the naval vessels at Honolulu.
Lieutenant Pond was navigating officer
on the auxiliary cruiser Panther during
the late war. The Iroquois was formerly
the Spreckels tug Fearless, and is the
largest tug on the bay.
Killed by a Fall.
REDDING. Dec. 13.— Eugene S. Par
sons, a well-known farmer, living south
of Redding, was found on the roadside
to-night with his neck broken. He had
been drinking hard during the day in
town, and to-night in the dark ran over
a rock while returning home in his cart
and was thrown out.
34
INSTRUMENTS OF THE POISONER'S MALICE
ARE LEGALLY TRACED TO THIS CITY
The Prosecution of Mrs. Cordelia
Botkin Has Reached a Criti=
cal Stage.
Physicians Tell a Dramatic Story of
the Murder of the Two
Women.
The prosecutors of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin
are proceeding slowly, cleverly and delib
erately in the presentation of the facts
that they believe will prove the accused
MEN OF THE LEGAL AND OF THE MEDICAL PROFESSION WHO PLAYED PROMINENT PARTS IN THE DOVER TRAGEDY.
The prosecution in the case of Mrs. Botkin has not as yet mentioned the name of the accused woman, It has confined
its efforts to a demonstration of the fact that a double murder was committed at Dover, Delaware, and that the instru
ments of death were brought to this city by Delaware authorities. The officers of State will now begin their attempt and
seek to prove that Mrs. Botkin is guilty of the crime.
woman the author of the horrifying
crimes that were committed at the little
town of Dover, Delaware. On the liryt
day that evidence was presented the offi
cers of State submitted testimony to show
that a terrible murder had been commit
ted at Dover. Every incident that was
associated with the presentation and the
use of the box of poisoned candy by the
murdered women was exploited before
the jury. The saddened relatives and
friends of the dead women told their
ftory, and when court convened yesterday
morning the grief-stricken, v-engeance
•eeklng father of the victims was on the
witne^-Mand to conclude his recital.
He finished his story rind then the pub
lic prosecutors took up the thread of their
proof. They produced the physicians who
attended the stricken women, and drew
from them a new story of {he cruel
crime. The story of death and desolation
waß told with such dramatic effect that
Pears'
What a luxury
Pears' soap is!
The cheapest soap
in all the world be-
sides.
I hundreds of men and women inevitably
turned toward the little dark-eyed, dark
■ skinned woman who is accused of the
crime. Mrs. Botkin endured the ordeal
quietly, almost insolently. She looked in
dolently, languidly at the crowd and then
at the officers of the law who were lead
ing her to the point of defense. She
seemed forcibly composed, and there were
few in the courtroom of Judge Cook who
wondered why.
The physicians traced in painful detail
the death agony of the murdered women.
Every act and movement of the victims
of the poisoner were recounted with calm
deliberation. The torture and suspense
of days, with the culminating horror of
death, were pictured as one might repre
sent the horrors of a mental dissecting
room. And when the recital was 'over
hundreds of eyes were turned upon the
woman who is accused of having caused
the suffering and death that came to a
household. Mrs. Botkin never flinched.
Her eyes were as languid as if she were
listening to some uninteresting tale that
did not affect her.
The story of the physicians was, after
all, practically incidental. They had
much that was material to offer, but their
proof that a crime had been committed at
Dover was largely corroborative of what
had been eaid before. The proceedings
had already shown that two women had
been murdered. The critical issue for the
officers of State was to show that the au
thor of the crime sent the instruments of
death from this city, and that the accused
woman is the person' who should pay the
legal penalty for the crime.
The logical theory ef the prosecution
was then continued. The fact of a mur
der at Dover had been proven so far as i
the evidence of the State could prove it.
The prosecutors then sought to trace th^
inception of that crime to this city. Be
fore the proceedings were over yesterday
the officers of the State had shown that i
the box of poisoned candy and all it con-i
THE SAN FKAN'CISCO CALL, WEDXESDAT, DECEMBER 14, 1898.
taUied was sent from this city to Dover.
After the victims of the murderer were
dead the instruments of death were col
i lected and given into the custody of the
State officers of Delaware. Witnesses
j rebued on the stand how this process was
I accomplished. The Attorney General of
Delaware told h<3w he received the box of
poisoned candy, the handkerchief, the
note and the letters. The State detective
of Delaware related how he received the
dreadful exhibits and carried them across
the continent to this city. Chief of Po
lice Lees testified how he received the
grewßome records of a monstrous crime.
The prosecutors had shown the commis
sion of a terrible offense and had asked
the jury to follow them from Delaware to
this city. It is now their purpose to pre
sent their evidence againsi Mrs. Botkin
and to show as far as their evidence will
permit that It was she who prepared tne
box of poisoned candy and pent it from
this city through the mails.
The first witness on the stand yesterday
was John B. Fennington, the father of
the murdered women. He was called for
cross-examination, which resulted In
nothing- material. T'nder re-direct exami
nation, however, the prosecution elicited
an important assertion. Mr Pennington
d dared that he never had. so far a
recalled, a quarrel with a servant In his
household. This met the insinuation of
the defense that Mrs. Dunning and Mrs.
Deane may have been killed by a servant.
l'ennlngton was followed on the witness
stand by Dr. R. A. H. Bishop, the family
physician who attended Mrs. Deane and
Mrs. Dunning until consultation became a
necessity. Dr. Bishop related, as already
i: dicated, the dreadful story of the Buf
fering and death of his two patients. The j
recital was painfully dramatic. Dr. Bish
op was sharp, precise, incisive. But when
it came to the cross-examination of At
torney Knight the physician fell by the
I wayside. He admitted that in the final
analysis his great proof that the women
or Dover died from arsenic was given to
him by the State Analyist of Delaware
Dr. T. R. Wolf. This was a great point
for the defense, but Dr. P. 8. Downs, the
consulting physician at the buskin of
Mrs. Dunning and Mrs. Deane shook it.
He declared that at no time was\tnei-e a
doubt 1 in his mind that the murdered
men . were poisoned by arsenic. This as
sertion'could not be disturbed. The de
on,se, , ad L sought to raise a doubt and
had failed. Knight had brought Bishop
knn^ po n l ?h? h £ T * the Physician did not
know what ha had signed in his certificate
of death. He* had gone even farther and
old not know whether or not he had
signed a death certificate
P, r - t< Downs had helped to save the
situation and when he concluded Knight
remarked that every Incident that had
been described had happened in Dover,
Delaware. The remark raised the shadow
of that doubt of State jurisdiction which
the Supreme Court will not decide be"
fair* &&T rrotr t ot feel that the issue is
Dr. T. R. .Wolf, the State Chemist of
Delaware, related the incidents of his
chemical examination of the candy sent
from this city. His story was thorough
and. critical enough to frighten Knight
into silence. The exposition of the physi
cian might have been a lecture on quali
tative and quantitative analysis before a
class of college students. Knight breathed
a sigh of relief ..when the discussion re
turned to candy. He then asked Dr Wolf
if he could tell whether or not the poison
had, been placed in the candies before or
after the chocolate coating was put on
Dr. Wolf could not tell and the courtroom
knew that another victory, however
small, had been won for the defense.
The witnesses who traced the candy and
its accompaniments back to this city were
then placed on the stand and. the trial was
suspended until this morning.
- When court opened in v the morning
Judge Cook; explained that the official
stenographer was ill -, and that -he had
sworn in J. C. Mulligan, who would act in !
his stead. John B. Pennington was called
■ to the stand and his cross-examination
: was continued by Attorney Knight for the
. defense. The witness was on the stand
i but a few minutes, the questions asked
, him relating to his disposal of the box
of candy containing the. deadly poison. He
j testified that he had never examined the
! bonbons closely, in fact had never touched
i them. The only apparent change in their
appearance was that they now appeared
! mure dried up than they were when he
looked at them in Delaware. The box was
in his custody all the time, except when
i the Coroner had it during the progress of
I the inquest.
In reply to Mr. Hosmer of the prosecu
tion the witness said the Coroner had the
box but an hour. He also testified that
Mr. lVnnington was not ill and that he
had never had any trouble with his em
; ployes. Mr. Hosmer tried to trace the
i third anonymous letter. The witness only
kn.w what his daughter had told him
about it, y and upon Mr. Knight's objec
tion this was ruled out. Mr. Hosmer
Btated that he believed the information
j material to tfie cafii , and he reserved the
' right to recall the witness later. Upon
' this he was excused, being: granted per
mission to Remain in the courtroom.
Dr. K. A. H. Bishop, the physician who
attended the two murdered women during
their illness, next took the stand. He
testified that he was a graduate of Penn
sylvania College, and had been practicing
since 1875 in Dover. lie had been called
on the morning of August 10 to attend
Mrs. Dunning and Mrs. Deane at the
home of the Penningtons. He saw Mrs.
Deane lirst as she was suffering more
than her sister. Mr. Knight "biected to
testimony regarding Mrs. Deane, saying
they were charged witli the murder
(if Mrs. Dunning. The objection was over
ruled and the question was continued.
The doctor described the symptoms of his
patients as being severe pains accom
panied with an intense thirst. He stayed
at the house throughout the day, but
couM not allay the vomiting which was
the chief symptom of their - .ness. He
also prescribed for the boy and girl, who
! were suffering from the same causes ap
parently, but in a lesser de-ree. He gave
morphine to allay pain and fed his pa
tients on mucilaginous drinks. The fol- '
lowing morning (Thursday) he returned
to the house, and found that they had
taken eppnog and had breakfasted on
crackers and coffee. With the exception
of Airs. Deane they showed improvement,
one had a feeble pulse, cold extremities
and occasional nausea, finding it difficult
to retain anything on her stomach. Later
in the afternoon he was summoned hur
riedly, and found her in a state of total
collapse, of which she had all the char
acteristic symptoms. Her expression was I
anxious and worried and she complained
of pains in her head.
Her pulse grew gradually weaker. The j
anxious look became intensified. The
coldness Jn her extremities crept gradu
ally on. Her lifts grew purple, showing
all the symptoms of arsenical poisoning. !
In reply to a question the witness said i
he believed that to be the causr of death.
He knew from the condition of his pa- I
tient that the end was not far off, and he '■
| stayed at her side until she died. Mrs.
Dunning entered her sister's room shortly
before she died, but was compelled to lie
down. Late that ni^ht he was called,
and dressing hurriedly went to the Pen- i
nington house. Mrs. Dunning was asleep,
but all her symptoms were against her.
She woke up and seeing the doctor
asked: "Why are you here? lam all i
right."
The doctor told her he was passing and
dropped in. At that time hor feet and i
hands and nose were cold and her pulse I
was weak. In the morning these symp- '
toms were more marked. The heart ac
tion was much weaker, the pulse could '
be counted, but it was vpry weak. Early !
in the uprning Mr. Pennington asked if ;
Dr. Bishop would like another physician i
summoned in consultation, and upon his !
answering in the affirmative Dr. Downs i
was called. The doctors consulted and I
JURISDICTION OF THE SUPERIOR
COURT REMAINS UNDECIDED
IRREGULARITIES inherent in the mode of procedure have resulted in the denial by the Supreme Court
of the application made by W. L. Harper for a writ of prohibition to prevent Judge Cook continuing with
the trial of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin. The petition was presented for the consideration of the Supreme
Court several days ago, but, through some misunderstanding, it could not be orderly considered by that
'tribunal immediately upon its presentment. Monday, notwithstanding the fact the file mark did not ap
pear on the document, the petition was taken up and considered by the entire court in consultation.
At that time it was decided to deny the application of Mr. Harper, but the final order to this effect was
not made until the stamp had been affixed. This was done yesterday, and the order denying the petition en
tered upon the records.
By reason of the denial of this petition a question of vital importance in the trial of Mrs. Botkin, and
one of consuming interest to the bar and hosts of laymen, remains undecided — the question of the jurisdic
tion of the Superior Court to try Mrs. Botkin, and the validity and scope of section 27 of the Penal Code, un
der which the trial of the alleged poisoner is being had.
"No written opinion was handed down in the denial of the petition presented by W. L.. Harper," said
Justice Van Fleet last evening, "by reason that the matter was not one requiring an opinion, a simple denial
of the petition sufficing. The denial of the petition in no way determines, decides or affects the jurisdiction
of the court before which Mrs. Botkin is now being tried. Neither does it determine the scope of section 27
of the Penal Code, under which the trial is being had.
"The petition was denied by reason of irregularities inherent in the mode of procedure pursued by the pe
titioner to determine the jurisdiction of the court in the premises. Mr. Harper's application for a writ of pro
hibition could not properly be considered by the court, as it was not and could not be considered a part or
portion of the subject-matter of the case. For these reasons the points on which a decision was sought still
remain undecided, and will not be decided until properly placed before the Supreme Court for consideration."
prescribed for her, but despite their ef
forts she died that evening. All her
symptoms were the same as those of Mrs
Deane. Replying to Mr. Hosmer, the wit
ness said he believed it was arsenical
poisoning; he had no doubt about it, as
For the Men.
Here are n?a^
many good iffM
suggest ions . y^SSfc
things for ~«|^T
glad to have ■ ' f*'JfV^ K
"given him: .
SUIT CASES— Olive, Brass Trimmings,
Steel Frame— ,
20 Inches.... *4.r»O 24 inches.... 85.50
22 inches.... 26 inches . ...s<i.»H>
CLUB ; BAGS— ReaI Grata' Leather, Linen
. * lined— inches, $1.25; 12 inches....-.* 1.45
Larger sizes to ........... .....:..:.. ..JJ2.45
. OLIVE WOOD NOVELTIES— Desk I Blot-
ters. Playing Card Cases, Desk Calen-
dars, Ink Stands, Writing Desk, Pen
■ .Wipers (fancy designs):
FOUNTAIN PENS— King Fountain Pen
1ji.25
Wirt, plain and gold mounted
$2.00 to $3.00
WILL & FINCK CO.,
all the symptoms indicated it.
Dr. Bishop did not see the box of candy
until the Monday on which the women
Were buried. He then called upon Mr.
P< nning ton to ask that an inquest be
held. Mr. Pennington agreed and then
gave the doctor five pieces of candy
which he said he would take to Dr. Wolf,
the chemist, to have analyzed.
The doctor then detailed at length his
trip to Newark, the home of the chemist.
He saw him and stated the circum
stances of the poisoning, which Dr. Wolf
said he knew of through the papers. He
said it would take several days to make
the necessary tests, but was told that if
he looked for arsenic he would find it at
once. Dr. Wolf made his tests and re
turned with Dr. Bishop that night to
Dover, where the Inquest was held. When
they met on the train Dr. Wolf said:
"Here's your analysis; it shows any
quantity of arsenic." The witness testi
fied that the particles of arsenic he ex
amined that night were hard like por
celain and would not dissolve like the
powdered arsenic; in fact, would be dif
ficult to dissolve. Dr. Bishop was then
turned over to Attorney Knight, who sub
jected him to the most severe cross ex
amination of any witness yet on the
stand.
In reply to questions he said he was
not familiar with the use of the micro
scope, its use was not taught extensively
when he went to school. He did not re
member to what cause he attributed the
death of the women in the death certifi
cates nor did he remember signing such
instruments at all. He said the analy
sis of the candy confirmed his suspicions
that the women had died of arsenical
poisoning. At first he thought it might be
! ptomaine poisoning and that the germs
1 were generated by the heat of the mail
; bags. After some further questioning on
'. the germ theory he said he had never
1 studied microscopy and preferred not to
igo into a discussion of the subject. He
i said the distinction between crystal ar
j senic and powdered arsenic was marked.
'It was porcelain arsenic in the candy.
When asked as to the first symptoms of
arsenical poisoning he said they varied
according to the kind of arsenic used. ,
Fowler's solution would act in twenty j
minutes and would show all the symp- ;
toras of arsenical poisoning. Powdered \
arsenic would take longer, while the lump |
arsenic would take possibly two days.
The question whether life would have
been saved if the stomach pump had been
used was objected to. The candy was j
taken in the evening and gradually i
worked Its way into the intestinal canal. |
None remained on the stomach. j
The symptoms of the patients differed ,
from those present in cholera morbus,
and the physician abandoned that theory
early on the first day he was called to
attend the women. He administered mor
phine not as an antidote but to allay the
pain. He first learned of the arsenic poi
soning on his second visit to Mrs. 'Deane,
too late to save her life. On being asked
as to its being good practice to give
whisky and ammonia he replied In the
affirmative, as he wanted to tide them
over the dangerous period, knowing he '
could not neutralize the poison. On
Wednesday Mrs. Deane said to him:
"There is no cholera morbus here. We
had candy last night; chocolate cara
mels." That was the beginning of his
search for poison. Notwithstanding this
he did not see the box with the candy un
til the following Tuesday. He did not
learn, definitely that arsenic was the poi
sonous agent until the report of the chem
ist that the candy contained arsenic. On
being asked If he testified before the Cor
oner's jury that he leaned toward the ac
cident theory and did not believe it was
arsenic, he replied he did not remember.
Although he knew the family all his life
he did not remember what he put in the
death certificate. He was a busy man
and could not recall how many certificates
were made out or when or where they
were made out. It was at his suggestion
that the Coroner's inquest was held.
Mr. Pennington objected at first, as his
wife was ill. It was shown him. there
would be no repulsive features. The
bodies hiid been embalmed, so no autopsy
could be held with satisfaction to any
body. He suggested an Inquest to deter
mine absolutely the cause of death. On
being asked if he would swear to the
cause without the analysis he replied in
the affirmative. He thought it a myste
rious case and he wanted a public in
quiry.
He was sure there was arsenic In the
candy after Mrs. Deane died. When the
women died he could not reconcile the
deaths with anything but arsenical poi
soning. He did not know why a post mor
tem examination had not been made. It
was the Coroner's duty, and would have
been the absolute test as to the cause of
death. To Mr. Hosmer he said the bodies
were embalmed in arsenic. Although it
would leave the body in a different condi
tion to that if the subject had died of
poisoning, "the ingenuity of an opposing
attorney could break down the expert
testimony." Mr. Knight thought witness
was criticizing him. and entered a vigor
ous objection to his remarks. Witness
apologized, saying he did not have Mr
Knight in mind when he spoko. He left
the stand glad to escape further trouble
Dr. P. S. Downs succeeded Dr. Bishop I
. Waterman's Ideal, guaranteed...
Hurd's Fancy Papeteries' ' f or 2 the^hoHdi'ys o
In cream board glazed and fancy col-
? 1 -, xes > per box ' 25c. 40c, BOc. 65c. 70c,
| «1, $1. ', T» .* . \  - *•> ~(>
PIPES-Genu'.ne , Briarwond. " with "genuine
Amber Mouthpieces," in ca5e5....;....."..'.
iv • 11.25 to $2.50 and upward
Meerschaum and Finely Carved Pi,,,
ranging in prices from $3.50 jto..:.jpio w\
CIGAR HOLDERS-Genulne" Ambor Tn
cases, from RAZOR^f t 1, . ImpSl'Se
BTAK SAFETY RAZORS^t K n  " "
. for one to cut himself with th"« razor
. Indispensable to travelers si --
In cases, with two blades.. .!!; "" : S-V
Larger cases, with extras......"'" 11 ' 1 "'
shavi "V : r"'\Vi $ To ( S > "^r 00 a^'jpih'.VVo
S f^u wiph •■^ssv^sra* hand -
ll^lr^^cS:
Hand le"::. ny ' StaK - Bone «nd P_earl
Gents' IXL Pocket Knives,' O .. 5 °. C
S ?&iis"^ '' 6 OOD^LeatKercSve?ed*Fo^°t
M Boxin G 10 ve - *° t0 WrM.
Boys., per. set' of 4... ...... $1.00 and 92.00
wwtPi»?* r et 0f . 4 $20 ° t0 *« <H »
1r, ct C? Exercl8 «'rB- With book Of
Instructions #.'{ O<>
818-820 JVIARKe-r «£-»»
MAIL ORDERS FILLED mMmf T -
.on the stand. He also was a graduate ol
■ the University of Pennsylvania and aai
practiced his profession in Dover foi
twenty years. He was called to consult
with Dr. Bishop in the case of Mrs. Dun.
ning. He found her breathing hard and
complaining of a burning sensation in th«
stomach. He could detect no pulse, and
the nerve centers of her heart were veri
much involved. He said it was a seriout
case and undoubtedly arsenical poisoning
and nothing else. The woman's condition
grew rapidly worse until she died in th«
evening. At the Coroner's inquest n«
I handled some of the candy and broke 8
j piece open, disclosing three piecej
of white, hard material, about the size ol
a pea. He knew hard arsenic, and these
I resembled it in color and character. Thi§
! concluded his direct examination.
Mr. Knight took him all over the ground
■ of poisoning by arsenic. The witness said
he cauld tell without an examinatior.
whethrr a person died of arsenic poison
ing. He could not recall any other physi
cian or authority who took the same view.
: \\ itness was excused and Dr. Bishop wa»
; recalled to tell that he had not prescribed
I arsenic in any form for the two women.
He had prescribed strychnine in small
i doses and digitalis. The most minute
i doses were given and no bad effects could
; result. This concluded the morning ses
! sion.
Dr. T. R. Wolf, a graduate of a St.
Louis college and of the University of
Leipsic. Heidelberg, and now professor of
chemistry in the Newark (Delaware) Col.
lege, was the first witness in the after
noon. He testified to an experience in his
profession of thirty years. In slow, meas
ured words he went Into an exhaustive
scientific explanation of the tests he mads
of the arsenic submitted to him by ha
Dover authorities in the chocolate bon
bons. In three pieces of the candy he
found twelve grains of the poison. He
had mounted specimens of the results of
his tests, which were shown to the jury.
Continued on Fifth Page.
| N YOUR EARS AND
noises in your head
are the certain ■warn-
ings of approaching
danger. You ought to
know by this time that
an ounce of prevention
is worth a pound of
cure. You ought to
know also of the great
RINGING
RINGING
RINGING
value of HUDYAN, the
remedy treatment.
This remedy treatment is for young and
middle-aged men, and Is reliable.
Premature weakness,
spermatorrhoea ana
diseases and disabili-
ties of men are curable,
and the certain cure is
HUDTAN. HUDYAN
hag been tried by 10.030
men living on the Pa-
cific Coast, and it is
highly indorsed by
these people. Ten
thousand livlngr wit-
nesses is better than the greatest fortune
a man can save. Ten thousand people
say HUDYAN is good; ten thousand peo-
ple know HUDYAN is good; ten thousand
people recommend HUDYAN. If you
need a remedy treatment for falling man-
hood you should get the HUDYAN rem-
edy treatment.
HUDYAN
BUDYAN
BUDYAN
nnT\T*C \, The v cures effected
1 I 1 1# H V ■ have been lasting ones.
wUJ\L/kJ You can 'write yourself
to these men whom we
riTDtJC havecured -
VlitVCj SEND FOR
fITDEC CIRCULARS and
LimCJ TESTIMONIALS.,
Hudson Medical Institute,
Stockton, Martet anl Ellis Sis..
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. '
1 l i
- <.
131371011170 FOR BARBERS. BAK-
JDriU Oil HO ers - bootblack*, bath-
*"* houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers, -oner*.
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe ' factories,
■tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, «tc.
BUCHANAN BROS.. . ;
Brush Manufacturers. buy Sacramento SS
X. HESS,
j ROTARY PUBLIO AND ATTORNBT-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Koom 1015, Claus Spreokela Bldg.
••. Telephone Brown 931. - }
Residence, 821 California st., below Powell.
San Francisco. ■' '• ■•, '
Jt jffiy OEWEY.STRONG ScCO.^V
itf ' y r^ini will ii rf tj yj\
& -patents! xl
V^33OhIARr\ETST.s'FNSay _
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAHM- AND WASHINGTON BTB RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms 50c to tl 50 day;
Jj to S3 week; $8 to $30 month, *>ee baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates In every
room; elevator runs all night. .
I A PERMANENT CURE I
1 J of the moat obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ? '
£ and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 C
; 5 days ; no other treatment required. 5
: : c '' < Soli! by all druggists. ... , 5 ,
Weak Men and Women
<£ HOULD USB DAMIANA BITTERS,' THii
great ■ Mexican remedy; elves health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.RAINSTORM
IS TRAVELING
NORTHWARD
Central California Is
Drenched.
FALL LIKELY TO CONTINUE
INDICATIONS FAVORABLE FOR
MORE SHOWERS.
"Weather Conditions That Revive the
Farmers' Drooping Spirits and
Boom Business in Every
Line.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
DTXON, Dec. 13.— Rain began to fall
here at 5 o'clock this evening after six
Weeks of contii ious dry weather. The
barometer is stationary at :>0 inches,
and although what little wind there is
is from tho north the indications are
good for a prolonged rain. The rain
fall to date tor the season is only LBl
inches. The charge In the weather will
have a tendency to revive business in
all lines hero.
STOCKTON. Dec. 13.— Shortly before
10 o'clock to-nighi ram began fulling
throughout San Joaquin County, and
an huur later a leaden sky and steady
downpour gave every Indication of a
goud night's work. It was cold during
the day, with shifting winds, but it was
not until after nightfall that the much
needed wetting was assured. A more
>me rain never feil in this suction.
SUISUN, Dec. 13. — Kain commenced
falling here early this evening, and still
:.u«.s. Prom present indications a
heavy downpour is expected. There
were severe frosts during the past
■week, doing considerable damage to
cherry trees in Buisun and Green Val
ley, now in bloom.
AUBURN, Dec. 13.— 1t commenced
raining to-night with the wind in the
northwest and the temperature warm.
The Indications are for a good storm.
It is badly needed, as many mines have
shut down on account of lack of water.
SANTA ROSA. Dec 13.— A co]
fall of rain commenced to-night, after
having held off for Beveral weeks. The
advent of rain is hailed with great de
light by farmers all over the county.
Two or three days' rain now will mean
the salvation of the county.
LATHROP, Dec. 13.— Rain com
menced falling at 8 p. m. It is still
raining, with prospects of a good fall.
HOLLISTER, Dec. 13.— 1t com
d raining here at 5 o'clock this
afternoon. Prospects indicate rain all
night.
GRASS VALLEY. Dec. 13.— At 11
o'clock to-night a generous downpour
of rain commenced. The wind is blow-
Ing from the south and a good storm is
i;i prospect, which will enable all the
mines to resume and continue in steady
• ion.
SAX JOSE, I>r-c. 13.— 1t began sprink-
Bhortly before 3 o'clock to-day
i,n>l light rain continued till midnight.
v.ith indications for a downpour. The
I Itation amounted to .06 of an
inch, making a total of 2.74 Inches for
the season. A rend storm will start
farmers to s'-"din<J: and brighten up the
trees, besides Increasing the Christmas
trade of the- storekeepers,
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 13.— Rain has
been falling lightly since early in the
evening. Except that the wind is in
the north and the weather cold the out
look is good for its continuance.
DUNSMUIR, Dec 13.— The weather
has been at freezing point for the
past week. During the early part of
the afternoon the temperature became
warmer and at 9:30 p. m. a heavy fall
of Bnow pet in. This is the first snow
of the season, and. coming this early
ii: December, presages an abundance of
water In Siskiyou County for mining
purposes. Placer County has practi
been at a standstill for the past
year.
FRESNO, Dec. 14.— Shortly after mid
night the wind blew up from the south
and rain began falling. It is a heavy
and steady downpour and gives indica
tions of lasting until morning. It is a
welcome rain for the farmers, who
■were br-ginning to fear another dry
year.
WEATHER AND CROP BULLETIN.
Rainfall of Great Benefit to Southern
California.
LOS ANOBL.ES, Dec 13— The cli
mate and crop bulletin of the Weather
Bureau for Southern California for the
t\npk ending December 12 is as follows:
The protracted drought was broken on
Thursday by a rain storm, which was
general south of the Tehachapi. though
the precipitation was light in the north
ern sections, while in the extreme south
AD VERTISEMEN TS.
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®® ©®®@®®®®©®®©®®®®®
: "I AM TIRED OF DRUGS!" :
® i
® Many Sufferers, Weary and Sick of Constant Drugging, Have Finally ;
I Tried Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt and Been Cured, :
© i jj {■£& ARE YOU NOT TIRED OF '
(ft W^rLL—crfi?^ —^M>£* '» overloading your poor stomach I
X * >^^X^^AV -»)0Ws.» )* W i th drugs which have no good ,
® .J>^J> / Jry-nA •#^'r-^?v- offset upon you? When you have
(i\ "ii^TA^yKj^^t^^y^Jh^T^ faithfully stuck to a certain sys- '
tj^yi- "-\1 4f=::^ > T^ <^ :=^7^^AJi -fltt tl ' nl of treatment for months and ,
® ft-"*'' t^TTV ' /TV \^sfys MM months, and yet not derived any
(SI F&L/Z *Dr SanDENS ;>-#l| permanent good from it, is it not '
Cy l^x/ P.pVxnYr REll-T* vV-!>3M high time to change? This is only ,
® i &&& « Pi» ECTRIc &^^,jj}^Mm the experience of thousands, and
<-, I <*TU7^sr*<£! NCN C <-A_i' - % 2>>^7*Jzi\& those who have a particle of cour- (
- V\H l\ Hl* 73!?£^?2tZ?^f7H f nfi&r aKO left after the experience of poi- »
® -^KMIjJWC^^U rt<w/^aayC soning the stomach with drugs
r\ J^7§£lP >iwS a Fil^fSi^T^ nave adopted as a last resort '
* . "t r^i^jTiM mtTnu jr.ii?fv £""• Sanden's Electric Belt. And <
(•) . T^*£j\'otr~7s'TT t It has not failed them, for it (
_ ~ ■^fjj^ has cured thousands who had
® Every Belt -^Ar- Ithasapatent not a , particle of faith In it <
® hasan^eotrlr 3»V^=- " Regulator to begin with, but only tried it ,
Z, I : Ly ..,, Jv -r-f for making because they knew they must try
® "'., i for S^^K the Cerent something or sink Into despatir. (
© men who are WJ)? id or How grateful they are for their (
, menwho are . w . r cu^es^can^bejearned from read- (
I A LATE CURE. * !
© "The Belt that I purchased from you a short time ago lam perfectly sat- <
X. iPflcd with. I have not been able to use it according to your directions (
I vet I feel much stronger and the losses are almost stopped. I feel grateful
® to you for what your treatment has done for me, and I ? v.ill at any time be <
3 pleased to verify my rr a TERSONi Twenty-first and Figueroa. City.
« You feel the weight of 't..is fact in your own case; you who have almost
'X wrecked your health with the taking of noxious drugs and who have nearly (
® lost all hope of regaining the power of manhood; you who are sick and de- (
a Bpalring. cannot you see in these letters which we publish dail> a ray of hope
X for yourself? It la the boundless work of nature that appeals to you and <
3 offers to give from her stores of Electricity, applied by an intelligent physi- <
3 clan. Dr, Sanden. to renew in your body hope, strength and manhood (
S Read Dr. Hand, famous book. "Three Classes of Men if you cannot *
11) call and talk to him. It Is free, sealed, by mail. It may restore your future <
0 happiness. . (
| DR. A; X. SANDEN. * ««T in MM «BH* ■* !
X 702 Market Street. Corner Eearny, B&a Frsneif so. RUI 111 UHUb 0 I UnCO.
® — — (
„ Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m. : : Sundays. 10 _. Corl ,i < , n ' a iriprtHp R»if
®to 1. Branches at Loi Angeles. Cal.. 232 West . D 'l v ?rsoPd In drue stores (
(ii Second street: Portland. Or., ts» Washinston l8 n^, er tM s °' ,. '" .I-^ita- onfv ,
% street: Denver. Colo.. 931 Sixteenth street; nor by traveiinß agents, only ■ (
® Dallas, Tex.. 255 Main street; Butte. Mont.. at our ofHce. ■ ..- (
(S\ 110 North Main street. *— .. ■■ " " : *
®®©©©'©©©©©©©©©©©©©©© © © ®.® © © © © © © © © © © © (
em portions the rainfp.ll was heavy. Cool
weather accompanied the rain and in the
higher valleys the rain changed to snow,
which covered the ground. The snow
melted gradually and left the soil in tine
condition for cultivation. The rain was
of great benefit to the farming Interests
and will permit the resumption of gen
eral farm work in those sections where
the precipitation was generous. Consid
erable dry Beedlng had been done previous
to the rain and the probability is that a
large acreage will now be put into culti
vation. Snow fell heavily in the moun
tains, which insures an increased supply
of water for irrigation.
WHEELMEN WHO HAVE
LOWERED RECORDS
Achievements Recognized by the
Racing Board of the
League.
BALTIMORE, Dec. 13.-Chairman Mott
of the League of American Wheelmen
Raring Board to-day issued a bulletin
Bbowing all the professional records ac
1 by the racing board up to the
nt time. The competition standing
start professional record for one-third
mile in held by F. E. Schonski. who did
the distance in 4."i seconds. Fred Sims
- the hali-mile with 56 3-5 seconds:
C. ii. Coulter the two-thirds mile with
1:21 2-5, while Jimmy Michael did the mile
In I:4h and holds the records for every
thing from that up to twelve miles, when
Tom Lin ton takes it up and holds the
banner tip to twenty-four miles, which
he did in 40:584-5. The twenty-five milo
rd Is held by H. D. Kikes at 42:42;
the fifty-mile by Frank Waller with
and the hundred miles by T.
A. Barnaby, who made it in 4 :".:i:r>2.
The record for the mile against time,
flying un paced, is 1:55 4-f>. made by
W. W. Hamilton, who also hoi. is all rec
ords fn this class from six to twenty-tive
mii'-s. Kre>l J. Titus holds the three,
four and live mile records, the latter
having been made In 11:051-5. John Law
son is the holder of the fifty-mile record
with 2:16:03, and Charles w. .Miller has
it for 100 miles With 4:."H:IT 4-5.
In the same class, with pacers, Major
Tay!<*r holds the one-mil.', with 1:31 4-6,
and everything else up to ten miles, when
Michael takes it up. having done the dis
tance In 18:331-5. He also holds all ree
ip to twenty-five miles. The latter
is h. Id by Lucien Lesna, who did It in
IS - 2-5. Harry Elkes holds all records in
this class from twenty-six to thirty-five
miles, and Frank Waller from that up to
100. having done the latter in 4:52:14.
The time records are ;u» follows:
hour, Hying start, paced, ;?4 miles
122'"' yards. H. D. Elkes; standing start, 31
nubs 1450 yards, James Michael; flying
start, unpriced, 25 miles Goo yards, by W.
W. Hamilton; 24 hours, 323 miles, Schreyer
(;. Meiskel.
Among the amateur records are the fol
lowing:
Standing Btart, competition, one mile,
\Y. i;. Robertson, 1 :!>!>; live miles, Harry
A. Gibsi t.. 9:43 1-5; 10 and 20 miles. Forest ;
H Wilson, 21:47 4-5 and 43:47; 25 miles,
Fred Bureguard, 50:04 4-5; 50 miles, A. A.
Hansen. 2:06:30 1-5.
BRIGHTON BEACH STAKES.
Fixed Events for Which Entries Close
on the 3d of January.
NEW YORK. Dec. The following
! stakes have been announced by the
: Brighton Beach Racing Association for
the season of 1899, to close January 3:
For two-year olds— The First Attempt stakes,
$1000, added, five furlongs.
The Undergraduate stakes, $1000 added, five
furlongs.
Electric handicap, for fillies, six furlongs.
The Distaff stakes, for fillies, $1000 added,
five and a half furlongs.
The Spinster stakes, for fillies, $1000 added,
six furl' mi:.-.
The Rising Generation stakes, $1000 added,
six furlongs.
The Atlantic stakes, $1250 added, six furlongs.
The Choice stakes, selling, $1000 added, six
furlongs. ■.■:■■
The Montauk stakes. $3000. six furlongs.
For three-year-olds — The Xautilius stakes,
$1200 added, mile and a sixteenth.
Saragassa stakes, fillies, $1200 added, one
mile.
Seagull handicap, one mile.
Glencove handicap, $1200 added, mile and a
sixteenth.
Babylon Ftakes, S'lllngr, $1000 added, seven
furl"'np?.
rile stakes, $1500 added, mile and an
eighth.
Sea Gate stakes, $3<X>o, mile and a quarter.
Three-ypnr-nMs and upward— Brighton han
dtc&p, 16000 added, mile and a quarter.
Test handicap. $1200 added, one mile.
The Flight handicap, for all ages, six fur
longs.
The Brighton cup, $5000, two miles and a
quarter.
The S.-a Cliff stakes, all ages, $1000 added, six
furl ings.
The Islip stakps, one mile.
Th>^ Jamaica stakes, 11000 added, seven fur
longs.
Steeplechase and hurille races— The Punch
esto-wn stakes, a handicap steeplechase for
four-year-nMs and upward, full course.
The Chantilly stakes, a handicap race for
thrt-»-year-ciMs and upward. $7.'>o added, mile
and a half, over six hurdles.
STRAW BALLOT FOR SENATOR.
General Barnes the Choice of Tulare
Citizens.
TULARE. Dec. IS.— A straw ballot was
taken here to-day for United States Sen
ator. One hundred and sixteen ballots
were cast, with the following result:
Barnes, 57; Grant, 32; Knight, 9; scatter
ing, IS. __
Yolo County Pioneer Gone .
WOODLAND. Dec 13.— Chris Siebor,
one of the most popular of the German
residents of Yolo county, died at his resi
dence this morning. He was born in Ger
many in 1547. He camp to the United
States in 1«64 and to California in 1866. In
early days, when Mr. Sieber was in prime
health, he was an earnest advocate and
supporter of every public enterprise hav
ing for Its purpose the development of
the industrial interests of this city.
Status of Kindergartens.
WOODLAND, Dec. 13.— The teachers in
the kindergarten department of the pub
lic schools have beer, refused their war
rants. The purpose is to have it judicially
determined whether kindergarten schools
may be maintained by State school money
or whether they must be sustained by a
special tax, the same as high schools.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1898.
BRYAN OPPOSES
THE POLICY OF
IMPERIALISM
Will Enter the Fight at
Washington.
REPUBLIC FACES A DANGER
CANNOT ENDURE HALF FREE
AND HALF VASSAL.
The Very Foundation on Which It
Rests If. Assaulted When It Is
Sought to Subjugate
Alien Races.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
SAVANNAH, Dec. 13.— Colonel Wil
liam J. Bryan, upon leaving his com
mand to-day, the Third Nebraska,
gave jut the following interview:
My leason for leaving the army was set i
forth in my letter to the adjutant general j
tendering my resignation. Now that the i
treaty of peace has been concluded I be- j
lieve that 1 can be more useful to my
country as a civilian than as a soldier.
Colonel Bryan then proceeded to the
discussion of public questions, saying:
The people of the United States, having I
rescued Cuba from foreign control, may I
now resume the discussion of the domes
tic problems which confront this nation |
and to the consideration of the new ques
tions arising out of the wax.
I may be in error, but in my judgment
our nation is In greater danger Just now |
than Cuba. Our people defended Cuba I
against foreign arms; nnw they must de- (
fend themselves and their country against I
a foreign idea— the colonial idea of Euro
pean nations. Heretofore greed has per- j
verted the Government and used its in- I
strumental interference for private gain; I
but now the very inundation principles of ;
our Government are assailed.
The imperialistic idea is directly antag
onistic to the idea and ideals which have
been cherished by the American people
since the signing of the Declaration of ,
Independence. Our nation must give up
any intention of entering upon a colonial :
policy (such as is now pursued by Euro
pean countries), or it must abandon the |
doctrine that governments derive their
Just powers from the consent of the gov
erned.
We may believe that governments come
up from the people, or we may believe j
that governments come down to the peo- |
pie from those who possess the heaviest i
cannons and the largest ships, but we
cannot advocate both doctrines.
To borrow a Bible quotation, "A house
divided against itself cannot stand"; j
paraphrasing Lincoln's declaration. I may j
add that this nation cannot endure half
republic and half colony— half free and |
half vassal. Our form of government.
even traditions, our present interests and
our future welfare, all forbid our enter
ing upon a career of conquest.
Jefferson has bien quoted in support of
imperialism, but our opponents must dip- ]
tinguish between expansion in the West
ern Hemisphere and an expansion that !
involves us in the quarrel of Europe and
the Orient. They must still further dis
tinguish between expansion which secures
contiguous territory for future settlement {
and expansion which secures us alien
races for future subjugation.
Jefferson favored the annexation of ne- i
cessary contiguous territory on the North j
American continent, but he was opposed
to wars of conquest and expressly con
demned the acquiring of remote terri
tory.
When asked how the colonial policy
could be prevented. Colonel Bryan said:
R'-'me think that the fight should be
made against ratification of the treaty,
but I would prefer another plan. If the
treaty is rejected negotiations must be
renewed and instead of settling the ques
tion according to our ideas, we must set
tle It by diplomacy, with the possibility
of international complications. It will be
easier. I think, to end the war at once
by ratifying the treaty, and then deal
with the subject In our own way. The
issue can be presented directly by "a reso
lution of Congress declaring the policy of
the nation upon this subject. The Presi
dent in his message says that our only
purpose in taking possession of Cuba is
to establish a stable government and then
turn that government 0%-er to the people
of Cuha. Congress could reaffirm this pur
pose in regard to Cuba and assert the
same purpose in regard to the Philippines
and Porto Rico. Such a resolution would
make a clearcut issue between the doc
trine of self-government and the doctrine
of imperialism. We should reserve a har
bor and coaling station in Porto nico and
the Philippines in return for services ren
dered, ana I think we would be justified
in asking the same concession from Cuba.
In the case of Porto Rico, where the
people have as yet expressed no desire
for an independent government, we might
with propriety declare our willingness to
annex the island if the citizens desire an
nexation: but the Philippine islands are
too far away and their people too differ
ent from ours to be annexed to the United
States, even if they desired it.
Colonel Bryan leaves Savannah to
night for Washington, and will arrive
there Wednesday evening. He Intends
to enter actively into the fight against
the colonial policy.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
I Patents Granted to Inventors of Cali
fornia, Oregon and Washington.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.— Pacific Coast
patents were granted to-day as follows:
California— Charles AY. T. Davies, San
i Francisco, assignor of one-half to H. H.
• Scott and S. L. Harris, necktie; Fred E.
Fay, L<os Angeles, dampening device for
j laundry, and machine for smoothing
edges of laundered articles; Ernest Kra
1 henbuhl, San Rafael, dial train for
; watches or other purposes; Alexander
W. McOahan, Salinas, pipe coupling;
I'eter Stone, Los Angeles, siphon carnon
faucet filter. Oregon— Arthur Copper,
McMinnvllle, adjustable dental rubber
! dam clnmp. Washington— Joseph H.
. Carse, South Seattle, crosscut saw; Ar
thur Doyle, Seattle, steering gear for
bicycle; Charles F. Gay. Spokane, rifle.
By direction of the Assistnnt Secretary
I of War Private Eli W. Gray, Hospital
Corps. San Francisco, Cal., will be dis
charged from the service of the United
States by the commanding officer of his
i station. The telegraphic instructions of
October 26 directing the discharge from
' the service of the United States of Pri
j vate Frank B. Wire. Company I, Second
: Oregon Volunteer Infantry, are hereby
' confirmed. The telegraphic instructions
I of October 14 directing the discharge from
; the serivee of the United States of Pri
vate Frank Tlargraves. Company I, Tenth
I Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, now
j at Manilfi. are hereby confirmed.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
1 California— Original: George D. I'pham,
San Diego. $fi; William Lemon. Los An
frelef=. $8; Eugene E. Sullivan, Porterville,
JS. Increase: Charles Seavey, Morgan
i Hill, JG to $8. Original widows, etc.: Ma
1 ria A. Byrne, Fort Jones, $8; Rena V.
; Tibbals, San Diego, %&. Mexican War,
! widows— Mary Ann Dunphy, San Fran-
I Cisco. $8.
Washington— Original: Bennett E.
{ Loomia, Bucoda, $6.
FOUND KLONDIKE GOLD.
Former Coachman Returns Lades
With Wealth.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 13.— From poverty
I to opulence, from hard labor to the life of
a man of ease^rthat, In brief, is what the
i Klondike did for a man who used to live
; in this city.
Arthur 11. Winters. 25 years old. was
! till three years ago Mrs. G. Pages coach
i man. Then he went to the Klondike,
struck it rich, and since his return has re
sided at the Palaco Hotel In San Frnn
ctoco. To-day he came to San Rafael
and procured a license from County Clerk
1 Lionneau to wed Miss Daisy H. Smith of
I 1533 Buchanan street. The marriage will
I not take place until the latter part of the
| week.
OFFICIAL RETURNS
OF THE ELECTION
Secretary Brown Com
pletes the Count
GAGE'S TOTAL VOTE 148,354
HAS 19,093 PLURALITY OVER
MAGUIRE,
Curry for Secretary of State Leads
Thompson by 1937 Votes—Re
sults on tha Other
Offices.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 13.— Secretary
of State Brown, at 10 o'clock this morn
ing, completed the official count for all
the State offices at the recent general
election. The count was completed by
Mr. Brown and his able deputies, eight
or ten days in advance of the usual
time of the official canvass. The final
! footings follow:
Governor.
i Henry T. Gage 148.354
I Job Harriman oMS
James G. Magulre 129.261
J. F. McComas 4,297
Scattering 9
Lieutenant Governor.
i James Andres ,?•!?*
Edward I. Hutchison 118,921
Jacob H. Neff 146.3:!3
Robert Summers 6,307
Scattering •
Secretary of State.
Charles F. Curry 131,447
Emil Uess 8.386
R. A. Thompson ..., 129, :>W
J. W. "Webb "."')
Scattering 4
Controller.
E. P. Colgan 149.12S
T. L. Hierlihy ".017
T. W. Maples 110.889
John Robertson 7,585
Scattering M>
Treasurer.
E. M. Dewey 9,856
W. S. Green 118,108
Truman Reeves 141,543
C. B. Williams 5,888
Scattering 4
Attorney General. %
H. P. Andrews 117.107 j
J. H. Blanchard 10,636,
Tirey L. Ford 127,703 1
A. F. Strawn-Hamllton 7,144
Scattering 5
Surveyor General.
I. H. Mulholland 116,479
J. G. Smith 5,753
Green Spurrier 8,880
Martin J. Wright 138,014
Scattering 6
Clerk of the Supreme Court.
Lemuel D. Biddle 9,357
W. P. Fassett 7.753
H. A. McCraney IRWe
George W. Root 143,804
Scattering 1
Superintendent of Public Instruction.
P. B. Gallagher 5,710
Thomas J. Kirk 142,120
Fanny M. Pugh 9,619
Christian Runkle 109,071
Jane Roulston 6,693
Scattering a
Superintendent of State Printing.
Leroy S. Atwood 9,171
A. Conti 7,107
Alfred J. Johnston 133,428
E. I. Woodman 121,320
Scattering 6
Justices of the Supreme Court.
William M. Conley 109,742
Thomas B. McFarland 113.11S
T. M. Stewart 9,587
Robert Thompson 8,160
Walter Van Dyke 117. >7
William C. Van Fleet 103,212
Scattering 9
CONGRESSMEN.
First District.
John A. Barham 19,598!
Emmet Seawell 18,244 i
Scattering o
Second District.
i Marlon De Vries 25,196
Frank D. Ryan 20,400
Scattering 16 I
Third District.
Thomas F. Burns 1.309 ;
J. A. Jones 14.051
Victor H. Metcalf 20,592 !
Scattering 2
Fourth District.
James H. Barry 12.054 ;
i Julius Kahn 13.695 |
Joseph P. Kelly 5H4 !
W. J. Martin 1,006
Scattering 1
Fifth District.
William Craig 17,352!
E. T. Kingsley 1,532
Eugene F. Loud 20,254
Scattering 3j
Sixth District.
Charles A. Barlow 20,499
James T. Van Ranselaer 1,132 '
Russell J. Waters 24,050
Scattering 11
Seventh District.
C. H. Castle 20.680
J. C. Needham 20,793 <
Scattering 35 ;
RAILROAD COMMISSIONERS.
First District.
E. B. Edson 42,105:
H. M. Larue 35.121 i
Scattering 7.
Sscond District.
William M. Hinton 26,564 I
Charles S. Laumeister 28,971 !
Scattering 6
Third District.
N. Blackstock 68,592
J. L. Dryden 59,5"^);
Scattering 29]
MEMBERS OF BOARD OF EQUALI
ZATION.
First District.
J. P. Dunn 24,358;
J. G. Edwards 26,333
Scattering 11
Second District.
Alexander Brown : 29.327 j
Thomas Scott 26,235
Scattering 7 I
Third District.
R. H. Beamer 30,861!
H. O. Purington 25,612;
Scattering 4!
Fourth District.
George L. Arnold 48.124
Thomas O. Toland 51,692 '
Scattering 16
National Board of Trade.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13.— The National
Board of Trade met here for its twenty
ninth annual meeting. J. Frederick Fra
ley of Philadelphia, who has been tne
president of the board since its organ
ization, was re-elected.
The report of the executive council
stated in reference to the Nicaraguan ca
nal that the board had uniformly favored
the carrying out nf the enterprise, but
In view of the prospect of a bitter contest
between the companies now holding con
cessions from the Government of Nicara
gua, it may be well for the board to give
some attention to the availability of tne
Panama route.
Look through our picture department
for exquisite Christmas presents. Etch
ings", water colors and photo panels.
Be*t assortment and best prices. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market su •
OPIUM FOR ALL
WHO DESIRE IT
San Quentin Ex - Con
vict's Revelation.
PITIFUL APPEAL IN COURT
EMEBGED FROM THE PRISON A
WRECK.
Declares That Youths Who Serve
Time Are Certain to Come Under
the Baneful Influence of
the Drug.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 13.— Edward Smith
and William McCarthy, two ex-convicts.
who have been confined in the County
Jail on a charge of misdemeanor in hav
ing endeavored to smuggle opium into
San Quentin Prison, made a break for
liberty while being taken to Judge Rod
den's court for trial this morning. After
an exciting chase they were recaptured
by Constable Louis Hughes.
Constable Hughes had started with
them for Judge Rodden's court. On the
way he saw his Honor on the other side
of the street and hailed him. Judge Rod
den halted and the officer walked across
the street to speak with him. This was
the opportunity for which the two prison
ers had been waiting, and they started to
run, Smith heading up C street and Mc-
Carthy down.
Hughes first gave chase to the former
and overhauled him on Fifth avenue.
Leaving him in the custody of Constable
Gannon he went after McCarthy, who
was found hiding near the narrow gauge
depot. The two were then brought before
the court and pleaded guilty to the
charges preferred against them. They
were lined $150 each, with the alternative
of five months in jail. Not possessing the
coin they had to return to durance vile.
Smith, who is only 23 years old, made a
pitiful plea for leniency. With tears run
ning down his cheeks he begged the court
to remember his youth and give him an
uther chance. He also took advantage of
the opportunity to "roast" Warden Hale.
"If the Warden paid half as much at
tention to the young men on the inside of
the prison as he does those on the out
side," Smith declared. "I would not be
placed in the disgraceful position in which
you see* me, and many another young fel
low would not be sent away from San
Quentin Prison a moral and a physical
wreck. When I went into prison I was in
the best of health, but acquired the habit
of v.-ing opium, and now see what I am.
I hey can say all they want to about the
small quantity of opium inside the walls
of that awful hole, but I know what I
am talking about when I declare that
there is enough of the drug there now
tor every one that uses it to have all he
wants if he knows how to get it, and
there always has been so long as I was
in coniinement."
Smith s stricture on the Warden does
not exactly meet with the approval of
those who claim to know the facts. War
den Hale has done all in his power to
prevent opium getting into the prison.
bu * il: , is suspected that there are other
officials in whom the Warden places trust
?&n* C t°i! lId * *«' l m a &ood deal more
about the traffic than he ever dreamed of.
AGED WOMAN PERISHES IN FIRE
Burned to Ireath in Seeking to Rescue
a Child Already Saved.
FRESNO, Dec. 13.-Rebecoa Gillespie,
an old colored woman, was burned to
death at midnight In a fire beyond the
city limits. She had entered the blazing
house to save a grandchild, but was over
come by the heat and smoke, and, falling
across the baby's empty bod. perished Of
Jilt remains nothing was found this morn
ing except the charred trunk. She was a
native of Tennessee, about 50 years of
age. The child had been rescued before
the old lady entered the building.
INSTRUMENTS OF THE
POISONER'S MALICE
Continued From Fourth Page.
Mr. Knight asked him upon cross-ex
amination if he hart seen whether the
candies had been opened and pasted to
gether again to permit of the insertion
of the arsenic. This was objected to, as
the witness was not a candy maker. The
objection was withdrawn, and the witness
said he did not know how it got there
He did not find crystallized arsenic, but
found porcelaineoua arsenic. This is the
pulverized or amorphous arsenic, so
called because it is without crystals. On
being asked as to the size of the" lumps he
had seen he said to Mr. Knight that some
were as big as his head. "Oh! but you
don"t know how big my head is at times "
was the rejoinder. The witness was ex
cused after some questions by Mr. Hos
mer.
At this time Judge. Cook made the fol
lowing statement to Attorney Hosmer:
Mr. Hosmer, in addition to the
reasons I gave you in sustaining the
objection to the question asked as to
the law of tae State of Delaware re
lating to murder, I call your atten
tion to the case of the People versus
Tibbits (Ninety-FirsL California), in
which the Supreme Court of this State
held that when, a crime was commit
ted partly in one State and partly in
another it is not necessary to prove
the laws of the other State.
Attorney General R. C. White was the
next witness. Attorney Hosmer found
it difficult to frame a question to intro
duce the murder that waa acceptable to
Mr. Knight. He finally succeeded and
asked briefly about the candy. Witness
was turned over to Mr. Knight for cross
examination. Tie asked, "You're feeling
pretty well to-day, General?" The latter
replied "Yes, sir." "That is all," was the
rr-jolnder.
Detective McVey and Chief Lees were
the last witnesses. They traced the candy
and the handkerchief from the time the
inquest was over until they were pro
duced in the courtroom. The. trial will
go on this morning.
MAY PAY NOVEMBER SALARIES
A Possibilty That Warrants Will Be
Signed at To-Day's Meeting
of the Board.
If the plan that was yesterday consid
ered by the School Directors carries the
teachers will after all pet their Novem
ber salaries. Despite thp fact that the
Directors are Inclined to feel bitter over
what they term the hasty action of the
teachers in going to law before they fully
understood the intentions of the board; a
majority of them were yesterday in favor
of signing the November demands and
putting them in such shape that they
may be paid out of the funds that wiil
be credited to the December account of
the department.
If the board sticks to this proposition
the November warrants will need only Su
perintendent Webster's signature to make
them payable at the treasury. Auditor
Broderiok will audit them to the extent
of the funds to the credit of the board at
the end of the present month. Express
ing himself upon the present state of af
fairs a day or so ago, he said: "It is
not optional with mo whether I shall sign
the warrants of teachers or of the mer
chants. Whichever accounts Mr. Web
ster signs it is my duty to audit, so long
as they are within the provisions of the
one-twelfth act. I cannot discriminate
in favor of either class of creditors. The
whole problem is In the hands of Super
intendent Webster. If he wants to save
the teachers by auditing their bills in
preference to those of the merchants he
can do so, and when they come down to
me I will be obliged to audit ttuun, so
long as tney are legal."
_^^^ ADVERTISEMENTS. 7J .__[__ ; .\lv : rJ^
®®®®®®®®®®®^®®®®®®®®®®®® ®®®® ® © ® ® ®®® © ®
• SPECIAL CASH PURCHASE ! 5
1 50c? on the $1.00 ! I
® .. ~»  , — — ©
1 MEYER BROS., i™Z OAI I ®
® mm ° iMu ■ ilZTl' ©
® M»nnf»otnreri of ■NL ' ' ' Jr 1 . MiPlf MPYFP ri
1 Ladies' and Hisses' >$ISmml&**- MAnK msvpr ' ®
-. Ladies' and Misses' >^P^a|pfe«k R u mfvfb ®
| Cloaks, Capes, At^W^^K , ■ F ; MEYER ' |
® Skirk and Quite /k&T ««? Telephone @
@ bKirts ana bmts, %sg&l*%Jem any sh. ©
© San Francisco, Cal.. Dec. 13, 1898. ®
® Messrs. J. J. O'Brien & Co. , City. ®
@ Gentlemen— ln consideration of the ®
® large and extensive trade we enjoyed from ®
I your firm this season we have concluded to ®
© accept your offer of 50 cents on the dollar ©
® SPOT CASH to close out the remainder of all ®
® our Suits, Jackets, Golf Capes, Cloth and @
© Plush Capes of this season s goods which we ®
® have on hand at present. ®
® While this is a much greater loss than ®
© we ever made before in closing out a line, ©
® we hope to enable you, by this assistance, ®
I® to double your trade with us for the next ®
@ year. We have on hand the following as per ®
© inclosed invoice : ®
® 716 LADIES' TAILOR MADE SUITS, amounting to $5314 25 ®
© 812 LADIES' SKIRTS, amounting: to 2257 45 ®
O) 307 GOLF CAPES, amounting t0........: 2318 35 ©
r 415 CLOTH CAPES, amounting to 2882 75 ~
® 573 PLUSH CAPES, amounting to 2941 65 ®
® 633 LADIES' JACKETS, amounting to 5310 OO ©
IJ Total *21.024 45 ?
g Less 50 per cent discount *10.512 22 j?
® Net amount 910.512 23 ®
® You will please send us a check for the ®
2 above amount. ®
© auuvc auiuuii u . ~
® Thanking you for past' favors and await- ©
@ ing your further orders, we remain, ®
® Yours truly, MEYER BROS. ®
® REFERRING TO THE ABOVE LETTER WE WILL STATE &
® THAT WE HAVE PURCHASED, AT FIFTY CENTS ON THE DOL-
X LAR, THE ENTIRE STOCK ON HAND OF THE WELL-KNOWN ®
W CLOAK AND SUIT FIRM OF MEYER BROS., 7 AND 9 BATTERY ®
® ST., AND WILL PLACE THE SAME ON SALE THIS (WEDNES- a
© DAY) MORNING AT A FIGURE CORRESPONDING WITH THE Z
(§ ENORMOUS DISCOUNT ON THE PURCHASE PRICE. ?;. .^. ®
[Jig Murphy Building, m
Market and Jones Streets.
REOPENS THE CONTEST
FOR PARKER'S FORTUNE
Lizzie Sykes Files a Will Similar to
That Which Has Just Been
Set Aside.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 13.— The long and bitter
contest over the $300,000 estate left by
George H. Parker, the eccentric old capi
talist, who died in this city in 1893, was
given a fresh start to-day by the filing
of another will. This was an unexpected
move and came just at the time when
Mrs. Emma L. Parker, the contestant
and widow of Edward L. Parker, thought
she had her case won.
The will filed to-day Is accompanied by
a petition from Lizzie Sykes asking for
its probate. The instrument is dated Oc
tober 15. 1892. It is very similar to the
will set aside yesterday by Judge Hyland
on the ground that G. H. Parker had
been unduly Influenced in its making.
Qfs INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, in*
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
Is Oorrttpadlng Witt Any *f u» Tiarwimg First Fltut Mention "Tht Ci!L"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
, THE P. ROSSI CO.,
firttstic Furniture and firt Ware Importer*.
117 SUTTER STREET.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
nju SCHOENING, Shipping trade supplied.
Will- 3LIIUtIMNUi63S IBroadway.
BELTING.
Ln IIVfiPK Manufacturer of Belting find
F. DEUcN, Lac<s Leather. 105.107 Mis-
I sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
~ BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
. Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAH FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
f;z: !';. Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'DniEV £ CAWC— Makers and ■ Dealers ln
OKltn U MlPlJlvandaus Hacks, Victorias,
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate ave. and Polk
St.. San Francisco. : t'.?-. : >»
CASCA FEKRINE BITTERS,
The World's Greatest Tonic. Stomachtc. Laxa-
tive At nil dpalers. SIERRA PHARMA-
CEUTICAL CO., 1109 Howard street.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
GOO BATTERY STREET.
S'V'^'j Telephone Main 1864.
~~" COPPERSMITHS.
SANDERS & CO.. practical coppersmiths,
mfr's of sheet copper and tubing, improved con-
tinuous stills, Me. - 415 Mission St., near First;
all work guaranteed.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS PAVFS; * fil Shipping Butchers. 104
JA3- DUIE3 d UP,, clay. Tel. Main 1294.
, HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS..
A IIH A Hunters' Equipments, Fishing
IlllnlX Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. Send
UUiIU for catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE
-- 1 * "T- 733 Market . street.
: . HARDWARE.
DALACB Hardware Co.. lmporters 5 Dealers
! * In Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
{/{/ Murphy Building, J
Market and Jones Streets. •
!®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
This was executed on July 6, 1893, nearly
a year later than the one just filed.
The •will filed to-day makes exactly
the same provision for Edward L. Parker,
the son who died a few weeks after his
father, as the other one. The Parker
block, at 1122 Market -street, San Fran
cisco, was held in trust for him. The
son was to receive the income from the
property during- the life of his wife, but
should she die he was to receive the prop
erty in fee. In case Edward Parker died
flrst, one half of the entire estate of G. H.
Parker at his death should go to Jane
Pomeroy, a sister; of the remainder $5000
was given to the First I'nitarian Church
of San Jose and $5000 to the Home of Ben
evolence. All the remainder was given
in fee to Marshall Pomeroy.
Under these provisions Mrs. Parker re
ceived nothing from her father-in-law's
estate and consequently began a contest.
V. D. Moody. C. E. Wilson and J. R.
Patton are named as trustees.
Crushed by a Cave-In.
CHICO, Dec. 13.— Skaneko, a Japanese,
was crushed to death by a cave-in in a
gravel pit near here this morning.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley. Press..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De.
scrlptien Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
; MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture Blankets, Casslmeres, Tweeds and
Flannels, 535 Market St.. San Francisco. oil
Goods for sale at all leading try-goods store.!
MARINE INSURANCE. -.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital. *4. 000 000
STZ & CO'., Agents.
801 California st.
PAPER DEALERS.
WILLAMETTE PULP AND paper «>••
TT ILUMBIC I I C 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
F»I/\1NO and MUSIC STORE.
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 OFarrell st.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
PRINTING. ~
E- CHlinHF^' PRINTER.
*^- \*' IIUmiLO, 511 Sanßome srreet.
STATIONER AND PRINTER ; * •
Tcl c e hlc PARTRIDGE gff^"
THE HICKS- CO-, £££■•»%£ ... :
.... - TYPEWRITERS. . 
H||v All Typewriters Rented.
SS33in Few Partly used for Bale cheap.
|||HgJIV AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
JjaPjjfpai L. &M. ALEXANDER.
-^ m j£jgZ2sa , 110 Montgomery ; street. ', ;
. WALLPAPER. .•-: tj :
WHOLESALE & retail; send for samples,* stat-
ing quality & color. DUFFY CO.. 928 Howard.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and Public 'Weighers. Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914. .
WATCHES. ETC.
TI ITMnV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and •
• LUrlllltfull 18-k. Wedding Rings. 4 3d st.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
C F. HAAS, mfr wood articles, any descrip-
, tion. Placing, turning, 417 Mission, tel. M. 6387.
56
WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 14, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Al! Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. ?.
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY! Is
served by carriers In tfols city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
TME WEEKLY CALL ~~One year, by mall. $1.50 I
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway j
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Buildinft
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlftfte Honso
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE ~ ...Marqoette Bulldinft
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hay«» street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open uotll 9:30
o'clock- 6i5 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock- ■
194 i Mission street, open uotll 10 o'clock- 229' Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- ! 06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "A Parlor Match."
California — "I'ncle Bob."
Alcazar — "Alabama."
Tlvoll— "The Mascot.'
lioro6co'e— "Temptation of Money.**
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Comedy— "The South Before the War."
The Chutes— Gorrllla man, vaudeville and the ioo.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, special ties.
Butro'e Bathe— Swimming.
Mechanics' Pavilion — Charity Bazaar.
Ingleslde Race Track— Races to-day,
rvspmhal— Coming In December.
AUCTION SALES.
By Killip & Co.— This day. December 14. at W:3O o'clock.
Buggies, Wagons, etc, at corner Fifteenth ami Valencia streets.
By G. H. L'mbsen & Co.— Monday. December 19. at 12
o'clock. Real Estate, at 14 Montgomery st.
DR. DODGE'S BILLBOARD.
BY a vote of II to I the Board of Supervisors on
Monday overruled Mayor Phelan's veto of a
resolution granting an advertising firm permis
sion to erect a high fence at the intersection of Va
lencia and Market streets for bill-sticking purposes.
Supervisor Dodge. Assessor-elect, championed the
fence and apologized to the Mayor for using the moral
force of his prospective patronage against him in the
board. The effect of Dodge's influence was seen in
the fact that but one Supervisor stood by the Mayor
in his attempt to prevent the establishment of a dan
gerous and unsightly nuisance.
It will not do to expect much from defeated Super
in the last days of their term, but the public
had a right to assume that the present board, not
withstanding its character, would decline to extend the
area of the bill board nuisance. Especially will it be
disappointed to learn that Dr. Dodge, reform Super
visor and Assessor-elect, is engaged in furthering the
interests of an advertising firm, which is one of a
number that disfigure the city and render pedestrian
ism dangerous.
Some weeks ago the board showed signs of a dis
position to regulate the bill boards. An ordinance
was introduced limiting the height of the signs and
imposing a license upon them. At present they are
recognized as dangerous, and it is well known that,
though competing with all forms of legitimate adver
tising, they pay no taxes whatever. But nothing has
been heard from this ordinance since the bill board
men called on the committee and "explained" person
ally why it would not be a good thing to license and
regulate them.
The sentiment of the Supervisors toward the nui
sance is now made conspicuous by their action upon
Dr. Dodge's enterprise. They overruled a veto by
an almost unanimous vote — Rottanzi alone voting to
sustain the Mayor. Evidently the public may antici
pate no legislation from this board upon the subject.
If anything is done with the tall and unsightly signs
it will have to be done by the Supervisors who will on
January 2 take the places of the present aggregation
of solons.
Beyond question something should be done with
these advertising fences. Their height ought to be
regulated and their owners should be made to pay a
license. In some localities they should be prohibited
altogether, being dangerous on windy days and a foul
ruisance during rainstorms. We bespeak for the mat
ter consideration from the new Supervisors. They
will be free from the blandishments of the Assessor
elect, and with Mayor Phelan's assistance may legis
late intelligently. The public has some rights which
the fence advertisers should be compelled to respect,
and one of them is a proper regard for its personal
safety.
VOLUNTEERS TO BE RELIEVED.
REPORTS from Washington arc to the effect
that the War Department has begun in earnest
the tatk of dispatching regular troops to Manila
to relieve the volunteers now serving there. Six regi
. roents are to be sent as speedily as possible, and it is
believed they will get away by January i. The volun
teers will be relieved in the order in which they were
aligned to duty, and as a consequence the First Cali
fornia will be the first to be relieved. It is added
there is a fair prospect the Californians will be home
within three months.
This gratifying news will add to the joy of the holi
days in many a home. So long as war continued
and the flag had need of defenders on the battle-field
Californians were eager to serve wherever duty called
them. With the restoration of peace, however, there
came a natural desire to return to their homes and
their usual vocations. Most of the volunteers arc
young men who can ill afford to leave their business,
and a considerable number have families dependent
npon them. Such men could not be expected to will
ingly undertake earri«^- ££- me o f peace, and
the Gcr— mment has acted rightly in arranging to re
lieve them without further delay.
It goes without saying that when the boys come
home they will receive as grand a welcome as Califor
nia ever gave to the most distinguished guest that has
visited her shores, and in the welcome there will be a
feeling of love and pride that the coming of no guest
could excite. Our boys were the first to respond to
the call of the nation. They nobly upheld the glory
of the State as well as the cause of the republic. They
descive every honor that can be shown them, and
'■vill receive honors in an abundant measure.
Three months will soon pass away. With the com
ing of spring the heroes will come, and then San
Francisco will have one of the most jubilant days in
her history.
One of the queer features of the Nautilus, published
in Portland, is that it is published anywhere.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1898.
THE SENATORSHIP.
IT would be a pitiful, if not cdntemptible, outcome
of a great battle gallantly won if the Republican
party of California should fail to honor itself and
the State by securing the election of a Senator who i*
up to the level of our genius and reputation in the
Union.
In his address as Lord Rector of Edinburgh Uni
versity. Gladstone, in search of a figure that should
stand for the best accomplishments of man and a
metaphor of his concentrated genius, chose Califor
nia, and presented this commonwealth with a bril
liant figure, that should be carved on the lintels of
our libraries and institutions of learning.
Standing in the two hemispheres and the New
World and Old in this dignified attitude, is it possible
that the party representing a majority of our people
is limited in its choice for Senator to Grant and
Burns!
In the case of Mr. Grant, it is admitted in his pub
lished interviews and the statements of his "push"
that his candidacy originated in Eastern influences,
which have no sympathy with our people, and, in
deed, represent interests which directly antagonize
our progress and prosperity. It is also in like man
ner admitted that his candidacy is not based upon
identification with California, nor personal merit, nor
party service, nor duty well done for our people in
any emergency, but upon money properly placed
where it would do the most good to individuals before
the election, regularly receipted for, and the receipts
held as a first lien upon the votes of members of the
Legislature.
Let it not be forgotten that a Republican Senator
must succeed Senator White, who sought the place
saying that he proposed to make it possible for a poor
man to aspire to that office and win it on his merits,
and not on his money. Do we expect any more Re
publican victories here if we make it plain that the
party proposes to prevent any aspiration to the Sen
atorship that is not accompanied by a certified check,
like a bid for supplying pork to the penitentiary?
Mr. Grant's candidacy consists of a name and a
check, incumbered by an uninteresting personality,
unacquaintance with the State and incapacity for the
office he seeks.
It has been said that the first-class Senatorial ma
terial in the party has not come to the front, has not
offered itself. If this be true, is it not because unfit
ness and un worth aspiring to the office claim to have
recorded a mortgage on votes in every county that has
a Republican representation in the Legislature, which
is to be foreclosed unless some one else offers to pur
chase it as a negotiable instrument? The members of
the coming Legislature should resent the representa
tion by Mr. Grant or his agents that they are held
like wheat or prunes under a crop mortgage, given to
pay the expense of planting and harvesting them as
legislators. The broadcasting of this claim of owner
ship is being used to influence men who cannot be
mortgaged, but who very naturally wish to go with
the winner.
Mr. Grant is new to California, and newer still to
California politics. He has never been known as a
sound adviser in party councils, as a faithful worker
for party principles, as having a knowledge of the
State's needs and aspiration. To elect him is to re
duce California to company with the rotten borough
States, which are used as a convenience by distant,
rival nnd outside interests, without regard to the pride
and self-respect and self-interest of our own people.
c VANISHED ILLUSION.
COLOXEL BRYAN has sent in his resignation
to the War Department, and it has been ac
cepted. He lays aside ihc sword, the shoulder
straps and the red sash. His dream of military glory,
his hope of a war record that would brighten the tar
nished silver of his past, have gone. There re
mains to him, of all his aspirations and all his per
spirations under the Floridian sun, nothing but the
empty title of an ex-colonel.
The colonel's career as a soldier has been an epi
sode farcical from first to last, and yet there is some
thing of pathos in it. The vanishing of an illusion
always leave a sense of disappointment, even in the
minds of those who knew from the first.it was an il
lusion and could not last. We shall miss the colonel,
not from the fields of war, for he was never there, but
from the stump, where he has been appearing so pic
turesquely for the last four months, laying his hand
upon his uniformed bosom and vowing he could not
talk to his countrymen because military discipline re
strained his tongue.
The prospects are that as a national figure we arc
going to lose Bryan altogether. His coming was
noisy with the beating of bands and the shouting of
throngs; his going will be quiet as that of the
Arabs who fold up their tents and silently steal away.
This is a world of vanishing illusions. The rain
bow fades from the sky, the aurora borealis dies from
out the northern night, the rose withers in the gardens
of the south, and even a circus does not long remain
to gladden any particular town. Humanity is so used
to these things that it will not mourn over the pass
ing of Colonel Bryan. He came with aggressiveness,
and he has went with resignation. His followers of
the siher camp will soon be themselves resigned.
The dewdrop sinks into the shining sea, and Colonel
Bryan is lost in the multitude of the colonels who
have been.
By the death of Garcia the Examiner lost a valued
member of its staff. This was probably the hardest
blow it had received since its Bismarck was called so
close to the calling of its Gladstone. Happily, the
Pope still lives, the Queen Regent is well, and Mrs.
McKinley will doubtless continue to be as cheerful a
contributor as ever.
That some of the essential witnesses in the investi
gation of the T. C. Walker refuse to permit them
selves to be found does- not speak well for the condi
tion of the T. C. Walker at the time it had the misad
venture of being blown up.
In the French Chamber Monday one Deputy
shouted to another, "Come off the tribune." A
translation less marked by the veneer of politeness
'would doubtless have made this "Come off the
perch." '
Doubtless Dewey has a dread of coming hoirx*.
There can be too much of a good thing, and even the
prospect of being lionized to death can hardly be
alluring.
Perhaps the gentlemen who tried to stop the Bot
kin trial have achieved all the success they antici
pated. Their names have appeared in print several
times.
By the enthusiasm with which American troops are
greeted in Cuba, it may fairly be judged that the bit
terness of the native exists largely in the gall of the
correspondents.
Spain does not seem to appreciate the beauties of
peace. The treaty has been signed, but she gives no
evidences of being happy.
ANTI-IMPERIALIST GRANGERS.
AT the meeting of the National Grange, in Con
cord, N. H., last month, Mr. Myrick, editor of
•the Orange Judd Company's publications, de
livered an address on the proposed imperial policy of
the United States. He said that we entered upon a
j war solely to set Cuba free, and are emerging from it
with Porto Rico and the Philippines in our hands, and
with vexatious problems in Cuba, due to arrant mis-
representations of the situation in that island, made
prior to our taking up arms. Out of this condition
comes the demand for interstate free trade with these
islands, made by wealthy Spaniards with great inter
ests there, and powerful combinations in this coun
try which lust for the profits of tropical production by
cheap labor. After discussing the effect of this policy
upon agricultural interests at home, Mr. Myrick
uttered these significant words: "Shall our greatest
industry be sacrificed to a few manufacturing special
ties? Shall we rob the farmer of $200,000,000 a year?
Not if he knows "it. If Congress overthrew the
farmers' protection by admitting free sugar, tobacco,
fruits, vegetables, rice, etc., besides adding to his di
rect taxes, and at the same time continue protection
to the manufacturer, let no one be surprised if the
farmers and working people vote in 1900 to pitch the
custom-houses into the sea."
These are words of truth and soberness, and were
applauded and unanimously indorsed by the represen
tatives of ten millions of American farmers.
Since they were uttered the National Convention of
the Federated Trades has spoken to the same purpose,
so that it must be evident to the politicians who have
been sprinkling the path of glory and taking a clair
voyant view of manifest destiny, that their jocund
salute of problems abroad will cause far worse prob
lems at home. It required a course of education, ex
tending from the date of Clay's compromise tariff of
1832 to the Dingley bill of 1897, to make the farmer
of this country comprehend his interest in protection
and convince him that he shares its profits. The la
borer's mind on the same points has never been clear,
and the extension of the Australian ballot has left him
free to vote his doubts. With a normal demand for an
annual addition of fresh hands in all departments of
labor, skilled and unskilled, which calls for half a mil
lion new workers every year, and every immigrant
port open to their importation from the overcrowded
Old World at a steerage rate of about ten dollars per
head, American labor has remained skeptical on pro
tection. It has seen the natural vacancies in its ranks
filled from abroad, and its own children, born in this
country, crowded out by aliens, until it stands ready
to join the farmer in a crusade against a system from
the benefits of both classes will consider them
selves excluded.
If the politicians think the interests of the country
can stand another tariff agitation, and such an agita
tion as will go far beyond any that has preceded it,
let them persist in an imperial policy.
Already the measured march of a great standing army
jars the ground, and armed fleets whiten the waters of
the near future; while our present annual pension list
absorbs all but one million dollars of our total customs
receipts, and our brief Spanish war will furnish ap
plicants to take up that small balance. For the last
fiscal year our national revenue per capita of popula
tion was $4 56, our net expenses $5 96.
The tax paid per head by our people to the Federal
Government, by articles, from 1878 to 1897, both years
inclusive, was: On liquors and tobacco, average per
annum, $2,476 (two dollars forty-seven cents and six
mills); on sugar and molasses .606; miscellaneous,
•457; other internal taxes, .116; general tariff, besides
liquors and tobacco, $2,160. or a total average annual
taxation of $5,815 (five dollars eighty-one cents and
five mills).
The total sum realized from this taxation for the
whole period was $6,936,2 iS, 134 97. Of this $1,004.
713-389 was paid on the national debt, and current
expenses absorbed the balance. It is doubtful whether,
at the end of two decades of such taxation, our peo
ple will bear patiently the prospect of its increase dur
ing the next twenty years for the purposes of barren
conquest, the pursuit of glory or a Quixotic sentiment
of manifest destiny.
Large as this burden of taxation seems, it is less than
halt the per capita taxation of England and the mili
tary nations of Europe. Yet we are, in a politicians'
craze, to imitate, them and double our taxes, to be
spent in the pomp and circumstance of imperialism.
If this policy implied a corresponding increase in
our resources and capacity to pay taxes, it would be
contemplated with greater patience. But as it will in
evitably work to a decrease of that capacity, the revolt
of the farmer and laborer is its most certain result.
SMOTHERED BY SMOKE.
TO live in Buttc. Mont., under conditions im
posed by the smelters one needs lungs of leather
and a throat of brass. The noxious fumes thrown
off from the great chimneys, belching night and day
the deadly taint of arsenic and bearing it to every
quarter, is slaughtering the citizens. In smothered
tones, the survivors are crying for relief, and they are
told that the managers of the fatal output want time
to think about it. There are prospects that some of
them may have eternity to devote to reflection on the
subject, as they themselves have breathed the con
tagion turned loose by their own greed.
There is no reason why Butte smelters should be
allowed to indulge in chronic murder. There are ways
known to science by which the smoke may be robbed
of its power to harm. Situated in Omaha and Den
ver are the works of the Omaha and Grant Company,
the largest smelters in the world, yet the residents of
neither of these cities have suffered, nor has the vege
tation, no blade nor leaf of which can grow in Butte,
been in any degree damaged. At Denver are also the
Argo works of ex-Senator Hill, devoted to the treat
ment of refractory ores, and necessarily releasing
more arsenic than is the case with the simple leads
and coppers of Montana. All around the Argo works
are clustered the pleasant homes of workmen, and the
children playing in the streets are pictures of happi
ness and health.
These simple facts are cited to show that the Butte
smelters can stop killing people if they care to take
the trouble and go to the expense. Moreover, as they
are all multi-millionaires, and getting more so, there
is no better excuse for them than cold-blooded self
ishness. It is strange if there is no law to govern
them, or, in the known absence of such a statute, that
one should not have been long ago prescribed.
Banker Marsh, the Philadelphia wrecker who was a
fugitive from 1891 to a few weeks ago, has been sen
tenced to twelve years in prison. If he had taken his
medicine promptly he would have forgotten the taste
of it by this time.
If Captain Wildes of the Boston did not flinch when
he saw some of the pictures of himself, he is a braver
man even than his exploits at Manila would have led
one to believe.
Uncle Sam's rights in Samoa seem to have been
overlooked by the other powers, but the old man has
an eye on them himself.
DAN BURNS FOR SENATOR?*
- ■ ;■ ~ — , _ . . i*
Ever since W. F. Herrin unlimbered the Samson's weapon which
he carries in his head and declared himself in favor of Dan Burns for
Senator he has been hearing from the people. From one end of the
State to the other he and his scheme have been denounced by men of
every shade of political belief, and with a few— a contemptible few
exceptions the. newspapers of the State have emptied the vials of their
wrath upon his head. Here are a few pungent expressions of opinion
on the subject from recent exchanges:
A CAUSE FOR BITTERNESS.
The United States Senator fight is engaging the attention of all the news
papers In tho State. There is much bitterness shown toward the candidacy
of Dan Burns, and not without cause. It will be an impossibility, by any
means, to foist such a man into such an important office.— Contra Costa
Gazette.
WILL FORFEIT ESTEEM.
The Californlan, whatever his station In public or private life, who shall
make an effort toward the election of the racing sharp and delinquent ex
aecretary of State, Dan Burns, will forever forfeit the esteem, confidence and
respect of his fellow citizens.-Los Angeles Times
HERRIN'S OVERDONE SMILE.
The railroad seems to be strictly In politics. The intervention of Mr. Her
rin n the Senatorial struggle and the subsequent discovery that he was re
ceiving all comers with the same old smile indicates that he is doing many
Kinds ol politics, devious and otherwise.— Eureka Journal.
SMALL SARDINE HERRI N.
Herrin, the pitiful little corporation attorney, is in very mean business
when he drags through the political mire the name of as good a woman as
Mrs. Jane L. Stanford. The woman who sacrifices her own property in order
to maintain such an institution as the college at Palo Alto is beyond the
reach of such contemptible detractors. Ichthyotomlsts who examine that Her
rin will be apt to pronounce him the smallest sardine in the box.— Los Angeles
Times.
"WHY ESTEE WAS DEFEATED.
l, VV 1 * Marin Journal joins the leading papers of tho State in sitting down
hard on Mr. Herrln's nominee for Senator. It says: "We can conceive of
no possible contingency that would justify the Legislature In seriously con
sidering the name of Dan M. Burns for United States Senator." And it re
tl f r f \L a trUth often s P° ken *»' indignant Republicans when it further says
mat that very worthy statesman and veteran Republican, M. M. Estee
was sacrificed in 1894. simply because It became known that Burns pulled
the wires that gave him the nomination for Governor."-Napa Register
A COOKED HERRIN.
r« J }J S * **£ c Wa * Gr that W * F - Herrln will lose his position as chief counsel
for the Southern Pacific Railway Company before twelve months have gone.
He has made the worst diplomatic mistake possible. Before he played his
famous Senatorial gold-brk-k game on Mr. Spreckels and Mr. de Young only
one ban Francisco paper was an avowed enemy of his company, and now he
has all three of the mornfng dailies. This hostility means the loss of many
times even Mr. Herrin's large salary, and will not be endured with equa
nimity by Mr. Huntlngton. The only happy man In the Yellow Knockery
is air. Mills, who found himself deposed when Mr. Herrin came into power
but who now is likely to be reinstated as chief of the bureau of politics and
literature. "Millsy" has been sidetracked for Herrin and even made to do
the latter's bidding In his editorial columns of the Post and Record-Union
while before the advent of the attorney he was supreme and took a hand
in making Senators and Governors himself. "Millsy" Is not much of a
fighter, but he can do a heap of waiting for the other fellow to die or make
a mistake such as Herrin did, of wiggling out of the frying-pan into the
live coals of The Call and the Chronicle's roasts.— Los Angeles Herald
MERELY A POLITICAL BOSS.
The question as to who will be the next United States Senator from Cali
fornia is agitating the minds of the different aspirants for that office, and the
time will soon arrive when the people will decide at least whom they do not
want. Boss Burns has been mentioned a? a candidate, but it does not seem
possible that there Is a member of the coming Legislature who would care to
see this State disgraced by such a representative in the upper house of Con
gress. It is not to be believed that any Republican cares to damn his party
by selecting a man for Senator who possesses no other qualifications save
those of a political bops, and this fact will probably prevent the selection of
Mr. Burns.— Madera Mercury*
MAYBE DAN HAS A CONTRACT.
The San Francisco Examiner appears to be favorable to the election of
Dan Burns to the United States Senate, which gives us another chance to
witness birds of a feather flocking together.— Los Angeles Times.
ON HERRIN'S WHITE PASSES.
Colonel Dan Burns wants to ride into the United States Senate on one of
"Herrin's white passes."— Los Angeles Express.
Our esteemed Republican contemporaries of San Francisco continue to
pour hot shot into the yellow knockery, where the lair of William F. Herrin
Js located, and incidentally they rake an occasional strip of tough old hide
from the carcass of that pestiferous boss and thimble-rigging politician Dan
Burns. An extraordinary feature of the present situation is the fact that a
number of politicians in San Francisco who were presumed to he reputable
citizens, are apparently in the Burns camp. This exhibition on their part is
as surprising as it is painful, for no man can support D. M. Burns for the high
office of United States Senator and continue to retain tho confidence and re
spect of his fellow-citizens. And as for the man in the Legislature who shall
vote for that fellow Burns at the forthcoming session of the Legislature!
Well, he might just as well decorate himself with a tag showing the price he
got for his vote, for certainly no man would be found simple and silly enough
to do such a thing unless he got paid for it.— Los Angeles Times.
IT TURNS THE STOMACH.
This "mentioning" of Dan Burns as the possible successor of Senator
White is enough to turn the stomach of a dead Republican, not to mention
the painful nausea it is now causing the respectable men who comprise 09 ncr
cent of the party. Burns is offensive enough as a delegation boss without
parading him in front of decent people as worthy of the Senatorial toea— r n«
Angeles Western Graphic. s^ os
HIS ELECTION A DISGRACE.
Dan Burns was repudiated by the Republican party four years ago when
M. M. Estee was defeated for Governor and the balance of the ticket was
elected by large majorities.
Burns represents the corrupt boss element of politics and has a small fol
lowing in San Francisco which he absolutely controls. He is a shrewd man"
ipulator of conventions, and at the last State convention had 38 of the IGO
votes from San Francisco in his vest pocket. It would be a lasting disgrace
to California to elect Boss Burns as United States Senator.— Red Bluff Yews
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
B. F. Bush of Roslyn is at the Palace.
W. S. Span of Loa Angeles is at the
Occidental.
C. Lang of Cleveland, Ohio, is staying
at the Lick.
Dr. H. A. McChesney of Kansas City is
at the Palace.
J. W. Browning of Grand Island is a
guest at the Grand.
Attorney Paul C. Morf of Stockton is
staying at the Grand.
Attorney Fred Sutton from Sonora 13
registered at the Lick.
Mrs. Anderson of Los Angeles is stay
ing at the Occidental.
Edward T. Hopkins of San Luis
Obispo is at the Grand.
Attorney A. J. Levelling of St. Helena
is a guest at the Lick.
Mayor Edmund M. Burke of Santa Bar
bara is a guest at the Russ.
Ex-Mayor Samuel N. Rucker of San
Jose is a guest at the Palace.
Otto E. Never, proprietor of the hotel
at Paso Robles, is at the Palace.
Martin C. Beem, a banker from Fort
Jones, is a guest at the Grand.
Ex-State Senator Fred Cox of Sacra
mento is staying at the Grand.
Lewis Emery Jr. of Bradford, Perm., a
prominent mineowner, is at the Grand.
E. F. Dixon. a prominet grain raiser
from Merced, is registered at the Lick.
W. H. Perry, a- prominent lumber mer
chant of Los Angeles, is at the Lick.
G. W. Smith, a merchant from Alta
mont. Oregon, is a guest at the Grand.
Thomas Hill, the renowned painter of
the Yosemite, with his daughter, is at the
Palace.
F. H. Beaudreau. from Modesto, a well
known mining man, is a guest at the
Palace.
Thomas Couch of Montana, a well
known mining engineer, is registered at
the Palace.
T. Herbert Wymonde of England, who
is making a tour of the world, is staying
at the Palace.
T. L. Savage, a prominent business man
from Northport. Oregon, is registered
at the Occidental.
F. O. Johnson, proprietor of the Hotel
Westminster at Los Angeles, is a guest
at the Occidental.
Samuel Hutchinson, general passenger
agent of the Union Pacific at Omaha, 1b
registered at the Palace.
John T. Arundel of London, who is the
president of the Pacific Island Company,
is a guesfat the Occidental.
Charles F. Nash of San Diego, who is
well known in the Government Revenue
Service, is a guest at the California. ■
C. T. Meredith, Superintendent of the
State Board of Public Instruction, who
MUST WEAR TAGS.
Lick Sacramento - is a guest at the
J. L. Illoway of New York, a well
known tobacco importer, is at the Palace.
Mrs. Cotton, wife of Captain C. S Cot
ton I . S. N., of the former cruiser St
Lous who distinguished himself in the
blockade of Havana, is at the California
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NE^V YORK. Dec. 13.-Frank Devan
and Cbariea H. Moore of San FraneTco
are at the Imperial. James S. Wethers
and wife and Mrs. McMahon of San Fran
Cisco are at the Holland
THE REVIVAL OF
"A PARLOR MATCH"
Hoyt s pioneer farce-comedy, "A Par
lor Match." opened at the Columbia ££
ater last night twenty-four hours behind
«' b a'^a%V,SdS^a?'!kl»ki
from the cist ; doe^ot £ake ft ou^t^ 8
Sill
■HI
wlll!ngnJi^S d^sa^«-«te rt .tle
CONGRESS NAMED THE PLACE.
The New Naval Drydock Must Be
Located at Mare Island.
For several weeks there have been
many rumors regarding the location of
the new naval drydock for which Con
gress provided at the last session. It has
been asserted that owing to the shallow
at Mare Island the Government
wou d not locate It at the navy yard, but
se .! ect , some site in the Immediate
neighborhood of San Francisco, where
there is ample water at all times to admit
shin« 411 do(kln S of the largest war
snip?. This assertion has set the real
estate men on edge, and many sites have
been proposed. While Goat Island has
neen mentioned it has not met with much
ravor, because it is already owned by the
government, and sites on the Alariieda,
Aiarin and Contra Costa shores of the
nay nave been vigorously boomed as the
best for the new dock. Bur none of these
places will get it. The Washington cor
respondent of The Call asked Congress
man Hilborn yesterday about the matter,
and Mr. Hilborn replied that the new dock
must of necessity be located^ at; Mare Isl
and navy yard and nowhere else, for
Congress expressly designated that place
as its location.
If Callfornians want it located any
where else they will have to get Congress
to amend the act providing for its con
struction.^
« ♦ ■
WAS GLADSTONE'S PBOTEGE.
Funeral of R«v. Frank Percival
Smedley of Stanford University.
The passing of the Rev. Frank Percival
Smedley, Unitarian minister and theo
logical graduate of Stanford University,
whose funeral was held Monday morn
ing at the Mission Masonic Temple, is
fraught with pathetic interest to his many
friends. Born in Eng!and, # his early days
were spent near the village of Hawarden,
where he became a chorister In the church
attended by "William Ewart Gladstone. A
boy of many mental and physical attrac
tions, the promise of which was amply
fulfilled in later years, his strong per
sonality brought him to the notice of the
great statesman, who became his friend
and patron. Many happy days were spent
by young Smedley at Hawarden Castle,
where he grew to know Mr. Gladstone
intimately. Destined for the Church of
England, the time came when irreconcil
able doubts entered his mind, and he Lie
came a Unitarian, much atr;iinst tne
wishes of his family and friends. His
health becoming impaired, he left &ng
land four years ago for California, and
took a theological course at Stanford,
where he found a friend in Professor
Griggs. After his graduation he was or
dained a year ago last May at the con
ference in Portland. Placed in charge of
a church In Santa Maria, his health failed
and he returned to San Francisco. Ho
wont to a charge in Visalia, but was un
able to carry on the work. lie then re
solved to go" to England by a palling ves
sel, and ten .lays ago engaged his passage
on a ship at Port Costa. The captain on
seeing him recognized the sad condition
of the young clergyman's health and re
fused to take him as a passenger. In
utter despair he returned to his lodging
house on Shotwell street and resigned
himself to the inevitable, losing, a few
hours later, all consciousness-of the sights
and sounds around him, and within a
week passed away.
At the conclusion of the funeral serv
ices, at whicn the Rev. Dr. Stebbins and
the Rev. Dr. Wells, pastors of the First
and Second I'nttarian churches respec
tively, officiated, the body was removed to
the I. O O. F. Cemetery for cremation.
The ashes will probably bo sent to Eng
land.
A Six-Day Walking Match.
The great fix-day bicycle race at
tracted much attention in New York, but
San Francisco will have as great an at
traction in the much neglected but ever
interesting walking match. Thf manage
ment of the Charity Bazaar at Mechanics
Pavilion will open a great six-day walk
ing contest on to-morrow afternoon. r»o
entries have as yet been secured, as it was
only late Monday night that it was de
cided to open the race, hut it is probable
that the contestants will all be letter car
riers. A series of competitive drills be
tween companies of the Eighth Regiment
will also form an interesting feature of
the bazaar in the near future.
Was Killed by a Live Wire.
Augusta O. Froid, on behalf of herself
r,nd minor son, Charles T. Froid. filed suit
yesterday against the Edison Light and
Power Company and the Pacific Tele
phone and Telegraph Company to recover
$50,000 damages alleged to have been sus
t;uned through the death of Charles
Froid, husband of the plaintiff, who was
killed by a live wire while working on a
pole at Eddy and Taylor streets on April
22 last.
Time to send your Eastern friends Town
pend's California glace fruits. 50c lb, in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 627 Market St.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery btreet. Telephone Main 1042. •
Your Name in Gold Letters.
Tour name stamped in gold letters free
of charge on pocket-books, bill-books, let
ter and card cases, valises, lap tablets,
traveling' pets, music rolls and chate
laines.. Largest stock and lowest prices.
Sanborn, Vuil & Co., 741 Market st. *
Stockholders of the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley By. Co.
Stockholders of the San Francisco and
San Joaquin Valley Railway Company
who deposited their trustee's certificates
with Union Trust Company of San Fran
cisco before December 6, 1898, can receive
the par value of their stock upon present
ing their receipts at the office oc Union
Trust Company, corner Montgomery,
Post and Market streets, on and after
Thursday, December 15, 1898. I. W. Hell
man Jr., Cashier. •
AND THIS FROM BOSTON!
Tod Sloane and the poet laureate are
said to look amazingly alike. What can
that mean? Nothing derogatory to the
most popular jockey in creation, it is
hoped.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulate* the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DF.L. CORONADO- Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only J6O by
steamship, Including; fifteen days' board at
hotel: longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply at
4 New Montgomery street, San Francisco.
The wife of Dr. Dawkins. the new
Finance Minister of India, is. like the wife
of Lord Curzon, the Viceroy, an Ameri
can. She is a cousin of ex-Embassador
Eustis.
WRITING DESKS
Are always in demand a/ways
a satisfactory addition to home
furnishings. Particularly dur-
ing the gift season do they meet
with approval by some remem-
bered friend or relative.
GIFT HUNTERS
Let us show you the beautiful
woods we have fashioned into
desks — the numberless attrac-
tive designs we display and the
particularly low prices asked.
OPEN EVENINGS. ~
INDIANAPOLIS
FURNITURE
CO.
750 Mission St.BURNS' CANDIDACY IS
NOW UNDER A CLOUD
Humors of the Situation as Viewed by Young
Mr. Grant of the Extreme
South.
Circumstantial Evidence to Prove That He Knifed the State
Ticket in Order to Secure the Election of
His Southern Legislative
Candidates,
A blight seems to have struck the
Senatorial boom of Colonel Dan Burns
of Mexico, and there is a very apparent
air of depression about his headquar
ters at the Palace Hotel. His hatchet
men are still pursuing the rumors that
come up from the sunny southland,
and his strikers are still chasing bash
ful legislators who hail from the in
terior, but they have lost the vim and
vigor that marked their efforts imme
diately after the untruthful Herrin let
the cat out of the bag concerning the
colonel's candidacy.
To be sure, the daily bulletins given
the expectant public by Burns' lieu
tenants are still to the effect that sixty
one votes are pledged to their chief and
that the landslide has only just begun.
It is also a fact that the colonel him
self has announced to close personal
friends that he is in the fight to stay
to the end. Added to this announce
ment is another that comes from
Schoolboy Herrin, who declares that he
■will "shove his programme through, no
matter what it costs." In spite of
these things, however, the steady driz
zle of gloom that has shut down on and
blotted out the glad smile and high
hopes of the Burns following grows
thicker as the days go by. One after
another the legislators whom Colonel
Burns and Baby Herrin have hereto
fore considered as their private chattels
have dropped into town and publicly
unced that they will not vote for
Burns. Some say they are pledged to
■ candidates, others declare their
belief that Burns' election would be a
i- athbloWi to the party, and not a few
ss that they would not dare go
b;ick to their constituents after voting
i ir the gentleman from Mexico. What
ever the excuse given, the result is the
same, and with the passing of the days
the Btock of Burns, Herrin & Hunting
tun drops lower and lower in the politi
cal market.
While depression marks the mien of
the Burns cohorts about the corridors
of the Palace the temperature con
tinues to fall in the vicinity of the yel
low building at the corner of Mont
•y and Market streets. Icicles
the cornices when Blunderer
Herrin and Editor Mills meet by chance
. • hallways, and the messenger
boys who carry necessary correspond
the office room of the Un
truthful One to the chiefs of other de
partments in Uncle Collis' knockery,
are forced to wear mittens and ear
muffs. It is the coldest snap that has
experienced since the war.
amusing feature of Burns' down
fall is the manner in which it affects
the political hacks w 1 - are spending
the money belonging to the Eastern
friends of U. S. Grant. While the
T oung-man-with-a-name is at home
trying to memorize the names of the
tiea of the State his hired boomers
are stationed at various points
throughout the State studying up plans
for the further increase of their bank
rolls. As soon as a legislator from the
interior declares himself n-qinst Burns
and Bungler Herrin a telegram is dis
patched to Grant, couched in terms
something like this:
United States Senator U. S. Grant, San
Diego, Cal.: Easy mark out against
Burns. Think he Is ours. Two hun. will
make the thing a cinch. Don't delay.
Yours, till death. E. Z. GRAFTER.
So the game progresses. Grant now
has 201 votes out of a possible 120
pledged to himself. How can he lose?
While awaiting the announcement of
the unanimous vote of the Legislature
In his favor, the Son of his Father is
taking a geography lesson at intervals
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PECULIAR POISONS
GENERATED IN THE HUMAN BODY.
The Result of Imperfect Digestion
of Food.
Every living thing, plant or animal,
contains within itself the germs of cer-
tain decay and death.
In the human body these germs of
disease and death (called by scientists
ptomaines), are usually the result 'of
Imperfect digestion of food; the result
digestion or dyspepsia.
The stomach, from abuse, weakness,
mo: promptly and thoroughly di-
gest the food. The result is a heavy,
:i mass which ferments (the first
Of decay), poisoning the food,
Ing it thin, weak, and lacking in.
red corpuscles; poisoning the brain,
ng headaches and pain in the
Bad digestion irritates the heart.
Ing palpitation and finally bring-
ing on disease of this very Important
organ.
r digestion poisons the kidneys.
Ing Bright'a disease and diabetes.
And this Is so because every organ,
nervi depends upon the stomach
alone for nourishment and renewal,
tveak digestion shows itself not
only in loss of appetite and flesh, but
and muddy complexion.
The great English scientist, Huxley,
the best start in life is a sound
stomach. Weak stomachs fail to di-
gest food properly, because they lack
; proper Quantity of digestive acids
(lactic ;ii!il hydrochloric) and pepto-
genic products; the moat sensible rem-
• ly In all cases of indigestion is to j
tak", after each meal, one or two uf
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, because
they supply in # a pleasant, harmless
form all the elements that weak stom-
achs lack.
The regular use of Stuart's Dyspepsia ;
Tablets will cure every form of
stomach trouble except cancer of the
stomach.
They increase flesh, insure pure
b od, strong nerves, a bright eye and '
• ear complexion, because all these re- !
suit only from wholesome food well
ted.
ii!y all druggists sell Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets, at 50 cents full-
sized package, or by mail by enclosing
pjice to Stuart Company, Marshall,
Mich., but ask your druggist first.
A little book on stomach diseases j
mailed free. Address F. A. Stuart
Coraoany, Marshall, Mich.
[of two hours during the day. His
i evenings are employed in looking up
the Zante currant question, studying
the tariff needs of California and writ
ing telegrams to his Eastern friends for
j "more dough." He has progressed so
j rapidly in his lessons that he "knows
by heart" that Yolo County is situ
j ated in California and that it is chief
■ly noted for its tules, which are made
i into life preservers for export trade,
i and quaint reminiscences of Colonel
Burns, the latter being particularly
for campaign purposes.
To be serious, it is now evident that
: young Mr. Grant and his friends are
1 aware of the fact that the charge that
the Grant forces in San Diego County
stabbed the Republican State ticket in
the back in order to gain votes for
| their county candidates for the Legis
l lature had had some considerable
I weight with California Republicans
j generally, and more particularly with
! members of the Senate and Apse,mbly
! elect. As early as the middle of last
| October the charge was made in San
Diego County that friends of U. S.
I Grant Jr. were trading votes for Henry
i T. Gage for Governor for votes for A.
!E. Nutt for Senator and for L. R.
i Works for Assemlyman. Rumors of
I this alleged treachery to the Repub
lican State ticket on the part of Grant
and his friends reached the Southern
California headquarters full two weeks
before the State campaign closed. It
; was well verified and was to this ef
jfect: That Charles Hard: one of the
Republican leaders in San Diego
County, and .Grant's local manager,
i had made a combination with J. Har
vey McCarthy, editor of the Gallagher-
Maguire organ in San Diego, whereby
it was understood that the Gallagher-
Maguire cohorts there were to support
the Republican legislative candidates
in the interest of Grant's Senatorial
i candidacy, in consideration of which
I Hardy and his Republican friends were
to support Maguire and the Demo
cratic State ticket.
H. Z. Osborne, Frank P. Flint and W.
F. Parker, members of the executive
committee of the Republican State Cen
tral Committee, called the attention of
Grant and his friends to this allega
tion, and both Hardy and Grant de
' nied it and said returns? from San
! Diego County would bear them out in
their denial. But they evidently fig
ured wrong. Returns from San Diego
County went to show that the Grant
j legislative ticket was about 1000 votes
ahead of the Republican candidate for
Governor, and that in the city of San
Diego the greater portion of treacher
ous work had been done.
Ever since the count was completed
j in San Diego County Grant's friends
have been busy trying to disprove the
charge of having knifed the Republican
i State ticket in Grant's personal inter-
S est.
J. Harvey McCarthy, editor of the
San Diego Gallagher-Maguire organ,
and Charles Hardy, the party with
whom the combination was made, are
now en route to this city for a con
ference with Milton Green, Grant's
northern manager. The object of this
meeting is to agree upon some kind of
a story that will offset tlie absolute
proof that the McCarthy-Harvey syn
dicate was formed to knife Henry T.
Gage in order to make .a few votes for
Grant's candidates for the Senate and
Assembly in San Diego County.
FIGHT BETWEEN "FAKE"
AND OTHER MEDIUMS
IT MAY BE SOON VENTILATED IN
THE POLICE COURT.
Bishop Garrison and Mrs. Fish-Schles
inger Apply for Warrants for
an Alleged Libel Upon
Them.
The division amonp; the ranks of the
spiritualists caused by the exposures of
Bishop Garrison and others of what they
term "fake" mediums has reached an
acute stage, and may be ventilated in the
Police Court.
Yesterday Garrison, accompanied by
Mr?. Fish-Schleslnger, applied in Judge
Joachimsen's. court for a warrant for the
arrest of the members of the State
Board of Spiritualists and the editor of
the Philosophical Journal on a charge of
libel. Garrison produced a copy of the
Journal of December 8, which
a report of the last meeting of The State
board, embodying resolutions passed re
flecting upon him and Mrs. I> lsh-Schles
inger in language that was far from
compjlmentary, and blaming them for all
the disturbance that has arisen in the
ranks of the organization. The resolu
tions also provided that all indorsements
issued by the board should be revoked
and new ones Issued, so that Garrison
and Mrs. Fish-Schlesinger would be left
out in the cold.
The warrant was not issued, as it was
a question whether the proceedings of a
State board and t.ie publication of the
same could be considered llbelous. They
were told to return this morning, when
an answer would be given.
Every Sunday afternoon for weeks Gar
rison has ueen telling audiences in Scot
tish Hall about the devices of "fake" me
diums, and has brought down upon his
head the wrath of President Norton and
other members of the State board. Gar
rison has a. large following, and the fight
will in all probabilHv.be a bitter one.
HER DOMESTIC TROUBLES.
Mrs. Alice Edith yon Brahmstead and
Her Husband Arrested.
; When Mrs. Alice Edith Dickason-Blythe
yon Brahmstead got sober in the City
j Prison Monday night she was released on
:$3 cash bail. She consented to meet her
i husband, John W. yon Brahmstead, a
barber at 2 O'Farrell street, to talk over
the possibility of withdrawing the divorce
'■ suit she has Instituted against him.
* About 1 o'clock yesterday morning they
were creating a disturbance at Eddy and
Mason streets, when Special Officer Hugh
Smith placed them under arrest. The
husband showed flsht. and Smith hit him
' In the eye, raising a big lump on it. They
i were taken to the City Prison and booked
for disturbing the peace
They appeared before Judge Mogan yes
terday and the Judge, after giving them
both a lecture, dismissed tae cases.
TrunKß and Valises.
Did nu ever see a bureau trunk? If
not, look at ours in trunk and valise end
of our leather goods department. They
are convenience itself. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market St. •
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1898.
THE LIEUTENANT
GOVERNOR WILL
NOT ACCEPT
Declines to Be a Bank
Commissioner.
THAT VACANT JUDGESHIP
JUDGE WALLACE'S ATTITUDE
CAUSER CRITICISM.
Ex-State Senator Per?y Henderson
Will Probably Be Appointed Chief
Wharfinger — Some Politi-
cal Gossip.
Lieutenant Governor Jeter arrived in
the city yesterday from his home in
i Santa Cruz. In the afternoon he called
; upon Governor Budd at the Palace Ho
| tel and officially notified him that he
j would be unable to accept the appoint
| ment of Bank Commissioner, which was
j tendered him by the Governor some
i days ago. The Governor expressed his
! disappointment, but he was unable to
overcome the decision of the Lieutenant
Governor, who urged the fact that his
private business affairs would not per
mit him to give his time and attention
to the duties of a public office, parti
cularly one the duties of which are so
onerous and important as that of Bank
Commissioner.
The Lieutenant Governor's declina
tion will aiso prove a disappointment
to his many friends in both political
parties to whom he has endeared him
i self during his term of office. The Gov
ernor has as yet given no intimation
of whom he intends to appoint to the
position which he had tendered to the
Lieutenant Governor. The appointee
I will, as a matter of course, be a resident
! of the northern section of the Slate, and
as there are many who are seeking the
appointment the Governor will have no
j lack of material to choose from.
Governor Budd has not yet announced
whom he will appoint to ill I the judge
ship left vacant by the death of the
late Judge Rhodes Borden. It is gen
erally conceded that the place will
i probably be given to W. P. Lawlor,
! whose services to his party during the
j last campaign were invaluable and who
I has always been identified with the best
! interests of the party in the city and
State. Much comment has been in
| dulged in among Democrats and others
I concerning the manner in which Super
i ior Judge Wallace has sought to secure
i the appointment for himself. It is as
i sertod that inasmuch as he submitted
his cause to the people at the last elec
tion and was defeated, though three
of the four Superior Judges elected
were Democrats, It is a display of bad
! taste for him now to seek to ignore the
wishes of a majority of the electors by
asking for the appointment. In this re-
J spect his action has been contrasted
> with that of Justice Van Fleet, who re
fused the appointment of Supreme
Court Commissioner after having been
j defeated for re-election as Associate
Justice of the Supreme Court. It is not
; considered probable that Wallace's
j claims will be seriously considered by
i the Governor, though the fact that he
j has solicited the appointment is creat
| ing much adverse comment.
M. H. Smith, not he of the silken
' beard, who is an apostle of the Harbor
* 'ommissioners, but a gentleman well
I known in both municipal and State pol
itics, has been prominently mentioned
for Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate.
Mr. Smith has many supporters, among
them being Secretary of State-elect
Charles F. Curry. Leslie Blackburn,
j who sought the support of the Alameda
i delegation for the position, failed to
| secure the indorsement of that body at
a recent caucus, but instead the Ala
1 meda legislators declared themselves in
favor of Lou Martin, who is well known
in Oakland politics.
It is generally understood that the
i position of Chief Wharfinger on the
j water front, which will become vacant
i January 1, will be given to ex-State
| Senator Percy Henderson. The an
; nouncement is received with general
satisfaction. Harbor Commissioner Col
non'a efforts to secure the appointment
I far his nephew, Harry Scott, have met
j with no response by the other members
of the board.
TO BETTER THE STATE.
Manufacturers Discuss Pure Foods
and Merchant Marine Service.
The directors of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association met yesterday and
discussed several matters of more than
passing Interest. The pure foods commit
tee submitted the outline of a proposed
bill creating a bureau, the officers of
which are charged with the duties of pun
ishing all violators of the pure foods laws.
It is to consist of three commissioners to
be appointed by the Governor— one from
the northern part of the State, one from
the south and the third from San Fran
cisco. The permanent employes are to
consist of a manager, an attorney, a chief
inspector and an official chemist. The
commissioners are to serve without pay.
The proposed act calls for a yearly appro
priation of $r,0.(X)0. It calls for the inspec
tion of all foods, drinks and drugs. Also
for the prosecution of violators of the
laws relating to pure foods and to the
laws governing the branding and labeling
of goods, and provides that all pence offi
cers. District Attorneys and State and
county officials shall assist and co-operate
with the commission. It was indorsed
by the directors.
*A resolution was passed requesting the
California delegation to vote for the Sen
ate hill appropriating $3. r .0.000 to aid "an
exhibit of American made goods suitable
for exports" to be displayed next year un
der the auspices of the Philadelphia Mv-
Beum. Another matter acted upon was
favorable to sending a petition to Con
gress to enact new laws with a view of
increasing our merchant marine. This
includes the river and harbor bill now be
fore Congress.
TWO ESTATES IN PROBATE.
Wills of Margaret Breece and Wil-
liam J. Sinon Are Duly Filed.
The will of Margaret Breece, who died
on November S, was filed for probate yes
terday. An estate valued at $100,000 Is or
dered distributed as follows: Ellen Chad
wick of Aswestry, Shropshire, England, Is
given a life estate In the property known
as Estyn Villa, in Aswestry. At the ter
mination of the life estate the property
goes to Mary Bowen, a sister of the tes
tatrix. The residue of the es ate Is be
queathed to Mary Bowen. who is named
as executrix, to serve without bonds.
The will of William J. Sinon, who died
on the Bth inst., was filed for probate yes
terday. Margaret M. Sinon and Wick
liffe are appointed trustees, to manage de
cedent's $40,000 estate in the Interest of
Genevieve Sinon, a daughter; Thomas Si
non, an uncle, and Margaret M. Binon, a
Bister of the testatrix.
Killelea Gets a Judgment.
Matthew Klllelea was awarded a judg
ment against the California Horseshoe
Company yesterday in the sum of $5000 by
a jury in Judge Hunt's court. Several
yoars ago. through an accident to the ma
chinery in the defendant's factory, the
plaintiff lost an arm. He sued for dam
ages, with the result stated.
Anakesis cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address Anakeais, New Tork. ♦
WAR TAX CASES
SUBMITTED TO
JUDGE MORROW
Should the Express
Company Pay?
A CLEAN-CUT ISSUE MADE
LIST OF AUTHORITIES PRESENT
ED TO THE COURT.
Lawyer Squires Objects to Any Com
plication or Befogging of
the Issues In
volved.
The Wells-Fargo stamp tax cases were
tried yesterday before Judge Morrow in
the United States Circuit Court and sub
mitted. There were two suits— one
brought against the corporation by G. B.
Benham and the other by B. Johnson.
They were originally brought in the
Justices' Court, but on motion of "Wells,
Fargo & Co. on the gTound that the ques
tion involved was a Federal one they
were removed to the Circuit Court.
There was no jury, the facts of the case
being admitted, and the court being asked
to pass upon the law, the Issue being,
"Should the company pay the war tax
stamp on packages entrusted to It for
transportation or should the senders of
the packages pay for the stamp?"
George D. Squires appeared for the
plaintiffs and Alfred Sutro for the express
company. The points made by the attor
neys were the same as were decided by
Justice of the Peace Barry and Superior
Judge Troutt Fame weeks ago. In both
cases the plaintiff demanded $50 damages
for the refusal of Wells. Fargo & Co. to
take packages of merchandise unless the
purchaser paid for the war tax stamp.
The express company contended that the
law does not require the corporation to
pay for the stamp.
Judge Morrow said that he would give
a decision in the case before the next
term of the Circuit Court of Appeals,
which opens on the first Monday in Feb
ruary, so that cither party could have an
opportunity of an early hearing in that
j tribunal should nn appeal be hud.
After the matter had been submitted to
i the court Mr. Sutro said that Attorney
! General Fitzgerald had brought suit for a
1 writ of mandate in a similar matter and
I that it would be transferred to the Fed
! oral courts at the January term. He sug
! gested that Judge Morrow should con
sider the present cases and the Attorney
General's suit at the same time.
Mr. Squirts expressed the opinion that
I such would not be a wise or a safe mode
<of procedure. The suit of the Attorney
General being for a writ of mandate,
there might be some jurlsdictional facts
involved which would bring In an issue
! foreign to the one just submitted to the
court.
I Judge Morrow asked Mr. Sutro whether
he was not aware that the United States
Circuit Court issues mandates only on be
half of its own processes. The court was
I Inclined to the opinion that the suit of the
Attorney General would involve a Juris
1 dictional question.
Mr. Squires said that the issues in the
' two cases just submitted were fair and
; square and clean rut. What his clients
: wanted to know was what was meant by
I the war revenue act. Did it mean that
1 the private citizen should pay the war tax
', on packages sent by express or that the
express companies should pay it? The
j case of the Attorney General would cloud
I the issue and bring in a matter not at all
! pertinent. _
The authorities quoted by Mr. Squires
In his argument were the following:
' Judge Tuley of the Circuit Court, the
: Michigan Circuit Court, the Michigan Su
i perior Court, Judge Troutt of San Fran
cisco, Justice of the Peace Barry, the At
! torney General of the United States, the
! Assistant Attorney General of the United
1 States and Internal Revenue Commission
i er Scott. All these have decidede that the
1 express companies must pay the tax.
Congregation Shaari Zedek Bazaar.
The big bazaar at Tnlon-square Hall
In aid of the Congregation Shaari Zedok,
■which opened last Sunday evening and
will continue all this week, •with the ex
ception of Friday evening, has already
proved a splendid success, and the
Ladles' Auxiliary, under whose auspices
it Is being held, is more than satisfied
with the outcome of Its venture. To Mrs.
Kaskoll (the chnirman). Miss M. Lasky
(secretary^ and their corps of assistants
Is due the entire credit for the affair.
There are a dozen booths, each in charge
of a bevy of pretty girls, at which any
thing from icecream soda to a sack of
potatoes can be purchased, and the at
tendants are all expert salesgirls. During
the afternoons admission is free, while
at night a small entrance fee is charged
in order to swell the charity fund. Next
Sunday evening a grand ball will be the
feature of the bazaar.
Have you seen the new collection of paint
ings at Wm. Morris" art rooms, 24S Sutter? •
The Cigar Ship.
Customs inspectors seized yesterday on
the Curacao 45<j0 cigars. They were stowed
away in the hold and had been smuggled
from Mexico. The inspectors find sraug
glrd clears on the Curacao almost every
time she arrives here.
READY AT ALL BOOKSELLERS
THE CUBAN AND PORTO RIGAN CAMPAIGNS.
By RICHARD HARDING DAVIS. With 117 illustrations from photographs, etc., and with
four maps. Crown Svo, pp. 364, $1 50.
The remarkable graphic and picturesque quality in Mr. Davis' narrative of the principal
events in the recent war in Cuba and Porto Rico Rives this book a unique distinction. The
fact that ho was an eye witness of the battles which he describes so vividly makes his
record of the campaigns as vaJuable historically as it is entertaining In a personal and pic-
torial way.
"Mr. Davis' articles on the war have been characterized by clearness, directness and
high intelligence."— New York Times.
OUR NAVY IN THE WAR WITH SPAIN.
By JOHN R. SPEARS. With 125 illustrations from photographs, charts and diagrams.
12mo. pp. 432, 12 00.
Mr. Spears' bonk tells the story in detail and with great spirit of the naval battles,
beginning with Manila Bay and ending with the destruction of Cervera's fleet, his narrative
presenting a complete and vivid recorrl of the splentiid deeds of the American navy in our
war with Spain. The story is one to stir the blood of every patriot.
THE STORY OF THTREVfI LUTION .
By HENRY CABOT LODGE. With 200 illustrations by Pyle, Yohn, Chapman and others.
2 vols., large Bvo, $0 00.
"It is< dignified In tone, but full of the spirit of '76, and permeated throughout by a
patriotism which hns no uncertain note. In his hands the familiar story of the Revolu-
tion reads like a new page in American history, and its presentation is so real and vital
that It will be a long lived and influential book."— New York Observer.
COMMERCIAL CUBA.
A book for business men. By WILLIAM J.
CLARK. With 8 maps. 7 plans of cities and
40 full-page illustrations, and a Commercial
Directory of the Island of Cuba. Large Svo,
$4 00.
"A thoroughly good end useful book.- We
should not know where to find within another
pair of covers so much and so carefully sifted
Information bearing on this subject."— New
York Evening Post.
DCTI D(\CU A Chronicle of
lILII llUUlV— Reconstruction.
By THOMAS NELSON PAGE. Illustrated by
B. West ClinodinFt. 12mo, $1 50.
"The foremost place among American novelß
of the year must be given to Mr. Page's 'Red
Rock.' "—The Outlook.
THE WORKERS-THE WEST.
By WALTER A. WYCKOFF. Illustrated. !
12mo, Jl 50.
"No one Interested In the problems of hu-
manity can afford to leave it unread."— Brook- I
iyn Eagle.
CHARLES SCRIBNER'S SONS, TtfV&f:
TOO ANXIOUS
TO BUILD UP
A SOCIETY
Queer Procedure of
Rev. Henderson.
HE SEIZED TWO CHILDREN
WANTED THEM FOX OAKLAND
HOME FINDING SOCIETY.
Sacramento People Will Contest
His Bight to the Posses
sion of tne Little
Ones.
The officers of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children are
much incensed over the action of Rev.
J. E. Henderson of Oakland, who, it is
alleged, took two abandoned children
from Sacramento and placed them in
a home in Oakland without warrant or
order of court.
It has been learned that Henderson
is superintendent of a society in Oak
land known as the Home Finding So
ciety of Oakland, which is now under
going the process of incorporation.
Miss Mary Brandau, assistant superin
tendent of that society, is now in Sac
ramento. She found that the two chil
dren in question had been brought from
Nevada by their mother and abandoned
in Sacramento, and at once sent for
Henderson and turned the children over
to him, although she acknowledges he
had no legal authority whatever to
take them. Rabbi A. Simon, secretary
of the Sacramento society, heard of the
matter and at once entered a protest.
He began inquiring about Henderson,
and was informed that the reverend
gentleman had been expelled from a
ministerial society and is at the present
time under a cloud.
An Interview with J. W. Daniels, as
sistant superintendent of the local
Home Finding Society, brings out some
interesting statements regarding Hen
derson's career. It is as follows:
"Rev. J. E. Henderson was once a
parson at Angels Camp, and the Meth
odist minister who succeeded him there
says that his proper place is in the
State prison.
"He is jealous of the Children's Home
Finding Society of California, and by
way of discrediting it spread reports
that the society sells children. Desir
ing to entrap me he wrote a letter from
Tehama under the name of H. W. Bar
tram, saying that he wanted a child.
In a second he asked how much he
would have to pay for a healthy child,
and in a third he offered $100. I have
copies of the letters to prove all my
statements."
The Sacramento societies will prob
ably make an effort to regain control
of the children taken by Henderson,
but they are at a loss to understand
why he should carry them away when
he must have known he had no legal
right to do so.
CONTRACTS LET.
The Valley Railway Awards Two
Large Grading Contracts.
The directors of the San Francisco and
San Joaquin Valiey Railway held their
regular meeting yesterday. In addition to
transacting the usual routine business the
directors let two ir^-rtant contracts for
grading on the road. The first was for a
piece of grading beginning at Point Rich
mond and extending 3000 feet east. This
contract was let to Foley Brothers and
Mulr of Minnesota, which is the same
firm that did the work on the long tun
nel at Martinez. The second was for a
piece of grading beginning where the first
contract ended and running nine miles to
Pinole. This was let to Grant Brothers of
this city.
Third Vice-President J. C. Stubbs of the
Southern Pacific, who has been in the
East ever since November 17. returned
yesterday by the way of New Orleans.
Mr. Stubbs declares that his visit to New
York has no special significance. He
merely went on for a general consultation
with his people. On the way back he stop
ped off at St. Louis to attend a meeting
of the Southwestern Freight Bureau. Mr.
Stubbs says that the meeting developed
nothing startling beyond a general dis
cussion of the subjects of freight rates.
Mr. Stubbs is much improved by his trip
and declares that he is in better health
than when he left.
The State Railroad Commissioners will
hold their regular meeting at 1 o'clock
to-day in the Chronicle building.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkln sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
Will Build Water Cycles.
The International Water Cycle Com
pany incorporated yesterday with a capi
tal stock of $250,000, of which $130,000 has
been subscribed. The directors are Franz
O. Wlnquiat, Henry J. Gerdau, Emil Ols
sen, Thomas Le Hug-vet and J. F. Pfetch.
Yesterdays in the Philippines
By JOSEPH EARLE STEVENS. With 32 full-
page illustrations. Fourth edition. 12m0.,
h ro.
"This volume, written in the racy style of
Intimate correspondence, gives just that in-
fo.rmatiqp about the archipelago which every
one wants to know."— Philadelphia Press.
MISS AMERICA.
Pen and Camera Sketches of the American girl.
By ALEXANDER BLACK. With 75 illus-
trations '■ from r photographs by ; the author.
Bvo.-.*2 50. :
A charmingly made volume with a series of
illustrations of typical American girls, that
form a veritable galaxy of American beauty.
Wild Animals I Have Known.
By ERNEST SETON THOMPSON. With 200
illustrations by the author. Square 12mo,
*2 00.
"Undoubtedly the most unusual and attrac-
tive volume for younger readers which has
come to us this year." — Review of Reviews.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
No Appetite
wl FOR BODY AND BRAIN
y Blnce 1853, Endorsed by Medical Faculty
immediate lasting efficacious agreeable
Moet &
Cliandon
(Largest and Oldest Champagne
House in the World).
WHITE SEAL (Grande Cuvee) is
unsurpassed in quality, dryness and
flavor NEW YORK TIMES.
Use f*%
Facial Soap E£? Faclal Cream.
If you have a Hump Nose, Roman, Flat, Pag,
Red or Broken Nose, or any mark or blemish
on, in or under your skin, call on or write
JOHN H. WOODBURY. 127 West 42d St.. N.
T.. 163 State St.. Chicago. ■
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
I™ PALACE W2
% CR AND hotblso
jf BAH FKAnciaco. X
"J Connected by a covered passageway. T~
P 1400 Room*— 9oo With Bath Attached. *■
0 —11 Under One Management. Q
O NOTE THE PRICES: Q
_ Bnropoan Plan. 81.00 per day and upward A
C American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward VI
_) Correspondence Solicited. q
A JOSH 0. KIKSPA7BIOK, Hoatpt. Q
So ooooooooa
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
it nP r» Full Set of Teeth
'$K - H I sdfi extracting freessooop j
«,^^__T«_-^fer' Gold Crowns 22k $3 50 up
w-hIJI^ ▼ Fillings - - - 25cts. up
* _?-THSiSf?*_S Open Evenings &Sund_?»
S^MW^^& VAN VROOM
T*VVJr Electro Dental Parlors
7b» il^Nr 'Sixth and Market
"^sßr w Dr. G W. Klelaar, Prop.
DR. MCNULTY.
riiHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABr.K OLD
A Specialistcurt^ Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases Oi Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
Patients cu red ai Home. Terms reasonable. ll ours 9
to 3 daily; 6.3o to 8:30 ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.or address
P. KOBCOE McXULTY. M. D.
aoia Kearny St., Kan Francisco, Cal.
9%& ii B I y i/iW^S3^l^J
i Oppressioa, buitocauon, iNeuraigw, etc., curea uy
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Paris, J. E3P:C ; New York, E. FOtJGERA * CO.
SOLD BY ALL. DRUGGISTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY), Dec. 14.
Parquet, Any Seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
! dren,- 10c, Any Part.
GEORGE FULLER GOLDEN,
KING OF MONOLOGIBTS.
JULIUS P. WITMAKK, Famour Vocalist.
THE THREE MERKELL- . SISTERS. Euro-
pean Acrobats.
FRANK LA MONDUE. The Mute Comedian.
VIOLET DALE, Acrobatic Dancer.
CAMILLA URSO, Vloliniste.
PAUL BATTY' S ACROBATIC BEARS.
ARNESEN, Equilibrist.
BAKER, SELLERY AND BARTLETT.
ORPHEUM-EXTRA!
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY CONCERT.
FRITZ SCHEEL Musical Director
THURSDAY AFTERNOON,- DEC. 15, AT 3:15.
PROGRAMME INCLUDES:
Overture, "Genoveva" Schumann
Symphony No. 6 (Pastorale).. Beethoven
Prices, 75c, $1 and $150., ;..-,;' ~v~,vr?
Seats Now on Sale at Orpheum.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling; Proprietor and Mgr.
—TO-NIGHT TO-NIGHT— ,
Audran's Favorite Opera,
THE MASCOT.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2.
NEXT WEEK— Xmas Spectacle,
"THE YELLOW DWARF."
. A Harvest of Song, . Humor and Ballet.
Popular Prices, 25 and 60 cents. N. — A
reserved seat for ! the Matinee, 25 cents. Our i
Telephone, Bush 9.
...OLYIVIPIA...
Eddy St., Cor. Mason.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall
MORE NEW STAR ATTRACTIONS
CONCHITA
_ SINGING COMEDIENNE AND DANCER.
FORMAN & HpWELETT, Banjoists.
FREDA, Turkish Dancer.
EMILY SCHIEDLE, Australian Aerialist
...AND TEN CHEAT ACTS...
ADMISSION FREE. " MATINEE TO-DAY.
F>. C J. C
aNGLESIDE.)
HANDSOMEST RACETRACK IN AMERICA.
Five op More Races Daily. ..
DECEMBER .7 ..12TH
DECEMBER ....... .....?~... 26TH
WEDNESDAY
THE PALACE HOTEL STAKES.
. 20 ENTRIES —20
Trains leave Third-street station at 12:45 and
1:65 p. m. ...
; Round-trip tickets, 2."c.
Electric cars '- on' Mission and ' Kearny streets
every three minutes. . .
; ADMISSION :■.. ...... ONE DOLLAR.
S. N. ANDROUS. President. ■
yF. H. GREEN. Secretary. -. ;- : ■■ . : •
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
POPULAR PRICES.... 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c and 75a
America's Irish Character A-^tor,
Mr. Daniel Sully
AND HIS EXCELLENT COMPANY.
Presenting His Great Success.
UNCLE 808.
A DRAMATIC GEM, FULL OF PATHOS AND
COMEDY.
Sunday— "O'BßlEN. THE CONTRACTOR."
Seats at Box Office and Emporium.
COLUMBIA_THEATER
THE I THIS WEEK.
RED HOT I MATINEE SATURDAY.
MEMBER. I "A JOYOUS TIME."
EVANS & HOEY'S Evergeen Success,
HOYPS
A PARLOR
MATCH
30 FUN-MAKERS.
NINE SPECIAL FEATURES.
—
COMEDYjTHEATER.
MLL THIS U/EEKI
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
• . -" The Big Sensational Show,
HARRY MARTELLS Realistic Southern Pro-
duction.
THE SOUTH BEFORE THE WAR!
The Only Show of Its Kind on Earth. :1
ABSOLUTELY UNIQUE. WITHOUT A
RIVAL.
M Sable Soulful Singers.
El H Sunburnt Southern Silhouettes.
Q B i Camp Meeting Shouters and Shooters.
Hi I Gunny-Sacked Cotton Picking Chor-
isters.
i Male and Female Afrlc-Hued Artists.
EVENING PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c, 500
MATINEE PR1CE5........... 15c and 260
Monday. Dec. Hoyt'B "A BUNCH OF
KEYS." ;
ALCAZAR THEATER.
. \ ~ •*
BEATS BY PHONE, MAIN 254.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
ONLY ' MATINEE SATURDAY.
A. M. PALMERS SUCCESS.
A Story In Poetry of. Southern Life.
f^cis. 15c,_25c, 35c, 50c.
Next Week— Roland Reed's Farce Comedy,
"HUMBUG."
MOROCCO'S GRAND 2K
V'-ltbr Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Maaaget
COMMENCING MONDAY, DEC. 12th,
First Time Here of the Great Comedy-Drama,
TEMPTATION
...0F...
MONEY!
SONGS. DANCES, MEDLEYS.
A ROARING COMEDY.
Seats on Sale at Box Office and Emporium.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Evening Prices.. ....10c. 25c and 50c
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
t_: I
MONDAY. DECEMBER 12TH. \ '
YOU'LL BE SORRY IF YOU MISS CT.
FUN AND MUSIC FOR YOU ALIJ
5 Theaters, Grand One-hour Walking —Catch.
2 Bands of Music and Rare Novelties.
A Night of Enjoyment. Admission, 25c.
■ . : ■ ■'■-.: ■■■•■ J~~ ;
i_B_fc, raoToenA7HU> VBIALSS
/jH_^ raa n. VI I »L IS
<&rcz?J9f*k ii iniiiv
ht Day. _Su2|fe ?f * Yk THE NEW
tjrtr- ioth Day. *i=«^L & rltEllwnii
VITAUS 2;thD] si m ecu en V
PKoril (KS THK AnOTE 30th Day. lIErICIIIrI
RESULTS. It quickly* snrely removes Nervousnew, Inpotoncy,
Nightly Emissions, Evil Dreams Wasting Diseases and all effect*
of »elf -abuse or «ce»« and tadiscrction. Restores Lost Vitality,
Power and Falling Memory. Wards oil Insanity and Coniomn-
tion. Cures when all others fall. Insist on haying VITALI A,
no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail *1.00
per package or six for *5.00 with a guarantee to Cure or
Kefund the Money. Circular Free Address -
CALUMET Cl-RE CO., 884 Dearborn St.. Cnle^t*
■old by Owl Drug Co.. B. F.. and O_kUai.
CUehe*tcr*a English IMamoad Brand. -
ENNYROYAL PILLS
HS^. ' Original and Only Genuine. A '
/-//TM?V »««•, always reliable, ladio ask /z\
AJV-IWm. D f«ESi»» 'or Chieh'.itert English Dia-£p%\
lr*»sWjsfeSa«<in<i Brand In lied and Gold m«!allic\V§r
—JrVfiwbozea. sealed with blue ribbon. Take
7*l 9^ VMno other. Rtfiist danqerouM tuitt'tv V
I / ~ fa tkms and imitation: At Drngirists, or lend 4«.
I • - mJf la «tamp« far particular", testimonials a&4
VV* 19 "Kellef for T.adlcs," in Utter, by return
•»\_ Jy • Mail. ■ 0,000 Testlmoolils. Item* Paptr.
- Chlnht-«trr Chemical Co., M«dl*o« riq«»r«,
«,
fcW by all Local Druggist.. PHTT.AJ>X. V&
f^IERCES
X^r F4VORITE
IRESCRIPTION
, M FORWEAKWOMEW.
»<_-^__sml B! « Gis a non-pofgoDoiia
4t <ssßs?B^ BM^^S remedy for Gonorrhoea,
JafflH&^CKEßXfg! Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
M^^Tin 1 to j -iiTs.^B Whites, unnatural dii-
jffryJ Ooarantesd (jj charges, or any iiiflamma-
ISt] cot to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
P i TlPrtTtnts coE'.agioa. tion of mucous niem-
KSItheEvANS CHEWinufb. Cranes. Non-astringent.
VfI&C!NCINNATI.O.^a Sold by Orusgium.
TMWk C a A IIHr or sent in P' alt > wrapper,
' ' __PV by express, prepaid, fof
1 - 00 -- or 3 bottles, |2.75.
I *^^___pr%v ■ OifCttiar mqc o« nfUMfc
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver firmer.
Wheat futures weak.
Barley dull.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay quiet. Feedstuffß firm.
No change in Flour.
Ueans and Seeds as before.
Potatoes and Onions firm.
Butter in light supply and stiff.
Cheeee steady. Eastern Eggs higher.
Two more cars of Eastern Poultry In.
Game dull and lower.
Dried Fruit very dull.
Citrus Fruits quiet and weak.
Provisions unchanged.
Hops well cleaned out of first hands.
Hides quiet and unchanged.
Wool in fair tone.
Meat market about the same.
Oils unchanged.
WINE AND BRANDY RECEIPTS.
Receipts of Wine and Brandy at this port
di:rine the first eleven months of the year wore
as follows, compared with the same time In
JPf-7: Of Wine, 14,898,600 gallons, against 10,
810,100; of Brandy, 291,000, against 152,800.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec 13. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of, same date
last season, and rainfall in past twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 21 Hours. Season. Season.
Eurek.i 0.14 8.27 13.70
Rod ' lull 0.00 2.13 6.68
Sacramento 0.00 1.61 4.00
San Francisco Trace 3.3$ 8.93
Fresno 0.00 . 1.49 1.71
San Luis Obiapo 0.00 0.75 1.67
Jxjs Angeles 0.00 0.12 2.48
Eon Diego 0.00 0.53 1.11)
Yuma 0.00 0.70 0.77
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
CO; minimum, 44: mean, 47.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slightly over the en
tire Pacific slope hiring the past twenty-four
hours. The greatest fall in the past twelve
hours was at Eureka.
The temperature has remained practically
stationary in all districts.
The weather li cloudy over the entire coun
try west of the Rocky Mountains, except In
Arizona and Northeastern Washington. Rain
i.- falling along the Oregon and extreme North
ern California coast.
A etorm Is approaching the Northern Califor
nia coast from the west. The movement of the
et>>rm is very slow, owing to the extremely
high pressure over the plateau region.
Rain will probably fall over California
Wednesday as far south as the Tehachapl.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours pn-iinp midnight, December 14. 1898
Northern California— Rain Wednesday; brisk |
Eoutherly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Wednesday, with
rain in northeast portion; fresh southerly wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Wednesday, with snow in
northwest portion.
Utah — Cloudy Wednesday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Wednesday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity — Rain Wednesday;
brisk southerly wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpals— Cloudy; wind
southeast, 20 miles; temperature, 44: maximum
46. G. H. WILLSOX. '
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW FORK BTOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. 13.— The stock market was
irrcsular to-day during the process of digesting
larpe realizing sales .ring the current move
ment, prominent railways closing at about the
lowest. The market encountered efforts on the
part of sold-out bulls to depress values and
was largely affected by the demoralization In
ported and gained a point subsequently de
cltned five points en reported demoralization
in the sugar trade. In the early dealings the
moderate fractional advice here followed th?
improvement in London, where the public were
buyers of Americans. Subsequently stocks be
came quite reactive, but sales, particularly in
the standard stocks, were well taken on ;%ctual
Investment and semi-Investment purchases and
covering of short contracts.
Rallies ensued, particularly among the earlier
sufferers, and around delivery hour gains were
considerable. The Atchison issues recently
brought to the front by prominent interests
were a sustaining factor. The vulnerability of
Sugar was largely responsible for the extreme
irregularity of the market. The traders ham
mered this specialty Industriously and uncov
ered round amounts of stop-loss orders. Con
siderable support was extended to the general
market throughout and pool buying was in
strumental in lifting into prominence some of
the low priced stocks which had not as yet
moved in proportion to the rest of the list.
Missouri Pacific was the only laggard in this
category of shares, profit taking conspiring to
keep the price well below yesterday's level.
The Federal Steel stocks, which had been
left somewhat neglected, were taken in hand
late In the day and advanced materially.
Speculation finally betrayed a very good under
tone, considering the heavy blocks of realizing
orders which came out after every rally. Later
operations were quite extensive, arbitrage deal
ings being for both accounts, but heavily In
favor of the bulls. Omaha took the initiative In
the final rise in prices and gained three points.
Northwest moved up sympathetically, but the
advance in the other grangers was not signifi
cant. Speculation left off heavy in tone with
net changes anally either way.
The bond market gave a better illustration of
Ftrcntrth than the stock list, although realizing
orders were In force In the speculative is
sues, final prices recording substantial gains
In many rase?. Total sales, $$,710,000.
United States 3s, the old 4s coupon and the 2s
registered advanced % in the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 910.400
Fharts. Including: hlson, SO. 255; Atchlson
preferred, 131.500; Baltimore and Ohio. 3S4S;
fVntral Pacific. 3M-I; Chesapeake and Ohio
7440; Burlington. 7220; Cleveland. Columbus.
Cincinnati and St. Louis, 5485; Denver and Rio
Grande preferred, 3 10; Illinois Central, 8840;
Louisville and Nashville, 14.384: Manhattan,
17.3'J0: Metropolitan, 52C6: Hawaiian preferred
6660; Missouri Pacific. 27.940: New York Central
SS4S; Northern Pacific, 43,175; Northern Pacific
preferred, 9000! Rook Island. 15,235; Union Pa
cific-, lO.JXi: St. Paul 17.990; Si. Paul and
Omaha, 6Soft; Southern Pacific, 3700; Southern
Railway. 10,147; Southern Railway preferred
2LBS7; Texas and Pacific. 14,395; Union Pacific
preferred, 18,250; "'/abash preferred, 27.243;
"Wheeling and Lake Erie, 4910; American
Spirits. R289; Tobacco, 19,520: Illinois Steel. 28.
199; Illinois Steel preferred. 37.115; People's
Gas. 7900; General Electric. 4253; Pacific Mall
63«0; Pullman, 3.175: Sugar, 99,020; Tennessee
< '•Til and Iron. 17,970; Rubber, 5480; Western
Union, 20,115; Chicapo Great Western. 3320
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson •:•■•, St Louis & S F S%
Do prefd 51% | Do prefd 65%
Baltimore ft Ohio, | Do 2d prefd . 33' i
all ;ist.- paid 88% St Louis & S W.. 7
Canada Pacific... 85141 Do prefd 18
Canada Southern.. 544 St Paul 116%
Cent Pae 34%! Do prefd 165%
Ches & Ohio 25S l St P & Ore 88U
Chi fc Alton 167 j Do prefd 167
Chi X & Q 121% ! So p aC c 2 9%
Chi & E 111 53 Bo Railway 10%
Do prefd 11l Do prefd 42%
Chi C. w 13 'Texas & Pacific.... 16%
Chi linl & L 7% t Union Pacific 35%
Do prefd 31 ■ Do prefd 7H*
Chi & N \V 13:-% V P D & <;. 2d ast
Do prefd 182 j paid 12^
C C C ft St. 1,.... wabaah 8%
Do prefd M | Do proM 23%
Del & Hudson 1064 Wheel ft L E. 4th
Del L & VV 149 I art paid 5%
Den & Rio <; 15% 1 Do prefd, 4th ast
Do prefd 84% paid 29%
Erie (new) li'«: Express Companies-
Do Ist prefd 37U Adams Ex 108
Ft Wayne 175 American Ex 144
Gt Nor prefd 139 United States 64
Hocking Val " 7 m Weils Fargo 129
Illinois Cent 114 Miscellaneous
Lake Erie & W.... 14% A Cot Oil "ii
Do prefd 634 1 Do prefd BS
Lake Shore 197 Am Spirits 12%
Louis & Nash 64% no prefd 35
Manhattan L 99 . lAin Tobacco . ... .HO
Met St Ky 192 I Do prefd 128
Mich Cent 110 ,Cons Gas I&2
Minn £ St L 2S^;Com Cable Co 17."
Do 11 ,n fd 9.'. Col V & Iron 26
Mo PhcMe 42%! Do prefd 81
Mobile & Ohio 30% Gen Electric 93%
Mo K& T 12 Haw ■■ mCo 51 "
Do prefd 37% Jntl Paper 60
N .1 Central '.•-■ j Do prefd 92
N V Central 119% 'Laclede Gas r>2'4
N T CM & St L.. 14% Load 36%
Do Ist pr'fd 70 Do prefd 113%
Do 2d prefd 36 Nat Lin oil .'.. 9%
Nor West 16 Pacific Mall 43%
N.i Amer Co f.% People's Gas 109%
No Pacific 41M Pullman Pal 149%
Do prefd " ■■% Sliver Certificates. 59%
Ontario & W 17 Standard It & T... 7%
Or II & Nay 50 Susrar 125%
Or Short Line 37% Do ]it,-'.l 114%
Pa C Ist prefd... *0% T C & Iron 23%
Do Id prefd 59 v S Leather 57*
PittFburs 172 Do prefd eSTt
Reading >*r s Rubber 464
Do Ist prefd 4C% Do prefd : 111%
U Q W..... 27 West Union 96%
Do prefd 64 Federal Steel C 0... 32%
Rock Island 110' i Do prefd... 7 -'
f-t PM & M 173 Brooklyn R T....:. 72%
CLOSING BONDS.
IT B 3s ....106',i N .1 C Ss UZ\
U s new 4s reg...lat'i North Carolina 6a. 125
Do coup ...128Vti Do 4s 104
V S 4s 111% No Pac lstß 117' i.
Do coup 113's Do 3k ........... 69%
Do 2ds :•!"-_■ r>o 4s 102
r B be reg 113 ■ X V C & 8 L ta..io«u
Do 5s coup ....112"4'Nor A W (■ 127
District 3.65b 118 Northwest consols.l 43
Ala class A 103 Do deb 5b us
Do B 109 O Nay lsts .. 114
Do C 100 O.Nav 4s 99
Do Currency 100 O S Line 6s term.l3o r.
Atchlson 4s 99 0 B Line 5s term. lll
Do adj 4s 7R% (Pacific 6s of 95. ...102%
Can 80 2ds 111V4 Reading 4s R6
C & 0 4%s 91 R G W lsts U2U
Chicago Term 45.. 94% St L & I M Con 55.103^
C & 0 55... 118 St L& S F Gen 65.124H
'• H & D 4>*5....104% St P Con .........163
D&ix G 15tn......H0 St PC & p i»t».i2<n;
D&lt G 4a.. 100% 1 Do Eg....... U9ft
East Term lsts....lo7'iiN T Central lsts.ll7'4
Erie Gen 4s 75% So Ry 5s 105
F W & D lsts tr. 86% Standard R & T 6s 80
Gen Elec 5s 107% Term new set 35.. 94%
G H & S A 65. ...107 " Tex P«c L G lsts.lOS%
Do 2ds 103 I Do Reg 2ds 45%
H&T C5« 112 Union Pacific 45..102 a «
Do con 6s 110 >V P D & Gulf lsts BsVi
lowa Cent lsts..-.los%| Vabash Ist 5s ....113%
La new consols 1074 Do 2ds 94%
L & N Unl 45.... 97 IW Shore 4b 112 1
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries ...:. 81%
M X & T 2ds 67 Do deferred .... 6
Do 4s 90% Wts Cent lsts 62%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar BJOntario B 00
Crown Point l2 ! Ophir 50
Con rr a l ft Va 106 Plymouth 10
Dead wood 45. : Quicksilver t 00
Gould & Curry 231 Do prefd (SO
Half & Norcrosß...l .'.OlSlerra Nevada SO
Homestake 50 00 Standard 1 SS
Iron Silver 7". Union Con 20
Mexican 2S Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— iKd Elec Tel 196
Call loans 2y3 Gen Elec prefd. ..158
Time loans 2\.di* Atoh prefd £1%
(Stocks— Honds—
AT& SFe 19 Atrhison 4s K\i
American Sugar ..!:>'■, New England 6a.. 114
Do prefd 11l General Elec 55. ..107%
H.>ll Tel 27S \V;s Central Is .... 62
Hoston & A1bany. .247% Mining Shares —
in & Maine. ..lo7 iAllou*»z Mm Co.. 5
n St 84 Atlantic 32
Chi Bur & Q 121' i Boston & M0nt....23ti
Fitehburg 106 Butle & Boston... 67%
j Gen Electric tS% I'alumet & Hecla..6lO
Mexican Central.. 6V* Centennial 25%
N V & N Eng 96 Franklin 18
Old Colony 198 Old Dominion .... 33^
Or Short Line 37Vi Osceola 70
Rubber 46 Qulney 135
Union Pac 3'.<^ Tamarack 171%
West End 8ft 1 ; Wolverine 32
v '^tingh Elec... 4i> Humboldt 3%
Do prefd 62 Union Land 9;i
LONDON MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Dec. 13.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says*:
The new account here was opened well amid
general firmness. But the only buoyant market
was the Americans. In them the largest busi
ness for months was done. There was a free
exchange of shares, the bears closing out and
fresh buying and profit taking marking the
dealings. The public Is distinct -- Joining in
the transactions. The chief favorite is Atchi
son preferred. The general continuation rate
was 4%@5; St. Paul. 3@4. Louisville and
Nashville and Atchlson were rather scarce.
Ten thousand pounds gold was taken for Lima.
Canadian Pacific. 88%: Grand Trunk, 7 1 4. Bar
Silver, dull, 27 7-16 d. Money, 2»4@2% per cent.
LONDON, Dec. 13.— Spanish 4s closed at
42.37%.
PARIS, Dec. 13.— Spanish 43 closed at 42.77*4.
NEW TORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Dec. 13.— FLOUR— Receipts
158,870; exports, 14,154. Fairly active and firm
er at previous prices.
WHEAT— Receipts 199.800; exports 324.000
bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red. 76>4c; options
opened firm all day, closed strong at 1 7^c net
advance. There was active covering of shorts
on bullish foreign news, a small Interior
movement, strength in corn and big clear
ances. January. 71 5-16@72 6-16 c; March, 72V.®
73% c; closed, 73% c.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL—
METALS— the close the Metal Exchange
called: *■
PlGlßON— Warrants nominal at $7 25.
LAKE COPPER— Firmer at $12 75 bid and
$12 S5 asked.
TlN— Unchanged, with $18 bid and $18 10
asked.
LEAD— with $3 65 bid and $3 67% asked.
The firm fixing the settling price for leading
miners and smelters at the West quotes lead
$3 60 and copper $12 75.
SPELTER— Unchanged, at $5 25 bid and $5 35
asked.
COFFEE— steady, unchanged to 5
points higher. Sales, 17,710 bags, including:
January, $5 70@5 75; February, $5 JiO'iTs S5;
March. $5 90<$5 95; April. $5 95: May. $s<g-6 05.
Spot coffee — Rio, firmer; No. 7 invoice, 6%c;
Jobbing, 7%c; mild, steady; Cordova, 7 i i'il."c;
sales good; general business doing.
SUGAR— Raw, irregular; fair refining,
3 15-16 c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 7-16 c; molasses,
sugar, 3 11-10 c; refined, irregular.
BUTTER— 7342 packages; firm;
Western creamery, 15@21c; Elgins, 21c; fac
tory. 12@14%c. « .;•.:
EGGS— Receipts, 7196 packages; steady;
Western, 25c; Southern, 22f?24c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Dec. California dried
fruits, firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7@Sc;
prime wire tray, S\c; choice, 9@9',ic; fancy,
10c.
PRUNES— 4@IO%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. ll@14c; Moorpark. 14@17c.
PEACHES— 8%@12%c; peeled, 18
@20c. . .
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Dec. 13.— Opening prices in wheat
were practically unchanged from "esterday.
Northwest receipts were comparatively small,
but this was offset by a decline of %d in fu
tures and Id for spot at Liverpool. For a few
minutes prices were at a standstill with very
narrow trading. Shorts were good buyers
and many longs, acting on the belief that prices
were in for a good advance. Increased their
holdings. Apparently the rapid decline in
farmers' deliveries in the Northwest overshad
owed everything else in its Influence on trad
ers. Argentine news was favorable, and early
reports from the seaboard did not indicate very
bright prospects for a continued good foreign
demand for American wheat, one cable from
Germany refusing offerings » the ground that
Russia was offering- wheat under American
parity. Nevertheless the local sentiment was
bullish, and even at the good advance wheat
did not come out in very great quantities.
Near the end of the session reports of heavy
shipping orders here for St. Louis and the
seaboard proved an additional stimulus to buy-
Ing, and May, which up to that time had. been
steady, closed firm, at an advance of about
%c
Corn was active and higher. Local bull
traders bought aggressively. The wheat
strength had considerable influence. May
closed %c higher.
Oats, though rather dull, were firm Offer
ings were not large. May closed %<f?'%c higher
Provisions were rather wobbly. The demand
was very good, but hog receipts were heavy,
and packers offered freely of all products
Liquidation became lighter late In the day
and the market firmed up somewhat. May
pork closed 5c lower and lard and ribs 2%c
lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
December 66% 64% 6354 64H
May 65U 66 65% 66
July 64 64% 64 64%.
Corn No. 2—
5E™!?.::::::::::: g* t»% 33 H 33
"■■■v **% 34% 34^
Jl &t No:-i- 34% 3B * »* •*
December 26 28% 26 26%
May •••••••• ••• 2«H 2'H 2 26% . 26%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
January 9 45 9 so 9 35 9 37V.
May. " 970 9 72% 960 9 65*
Lard, per 100 pounds—
January 523 523 5 17% 6 22%
May ...5 45 543 5 37% 6 42U
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
January 470 470 4 62%' 4 67%
May 4 87% 490 480 4 87%
Cash quotations wore as follows:
Flour, easy; No. 2 spring wheat, R2c; No 3
spring wheat, 61@61%c; No. 2 red. 6fi©&Bc- No
2 corn, 33% c: No. 2 oats, 2«V»i&2«%c; No 3
white. 26Va2sv,,e; No. 2 rye, 54c; No 2 barley
f. o. h., 38W50c; No. 1 flax seed, $1 04%; prime
timothy seed, $2 27'- 2 2 30; mess pork, per bar
rel, $8.1098 IS; lard, per 100 pounds, $5 12V 3 Q
5 22%; short ribs sides (loose). $4 Bo®4 70- dry
Baited shoulders (boxed), 4'^rr.. short clear
sides (boxed), itwii 87%; whisky, distillers
finished poods, per gallon, 11 26; * sugars cut
loaf, unchanged; granulated, unchanged
Articles- Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 23,000 40000
Wheat, bushels 140,000 220 000
Corn, bushels ....413.000 86000
Oats, bushels 422,000 204 000
Rye, bushels 34,000 ; 6* 000
Ilarley, bushels 112,000 OMB
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was weak: creameries, 145}19Uc- dairies
13(@]Sc: cheese, steady. 8%@10%c; • eggs, easy :
fresh, 21(g21%c. " *
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
_, v Receipts. Shipments.
! Cities- : Bushels, Bushels.
Minn'-apollß 27.: 7- n 67 •'SO
' l>uluth 404, 333* 825
. Milwaukee ...'.... 1."..-. 216.450 ' 35*100
Chicago. 14:\2. r /> 215* '24
: Toledo 28.880 . 7*500
St Louis 40.C00 4°' OOii
■ Detroit 8.329 u- m
I Kansas City 43.500 34.500
T^ttef^"-" - 1 1 658 760,665
Tidewater—
I Boston 22,604 39^,
i New York 193,900 324*076
, Philadelphia 46.464 " 56S
i Baltimore 82,913 260*000
New Orleans 600
1 Galveston .......
Totals
. LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May
Opening r.... ....... 5 !»M, B8 5 gU
Closing 6 10 5 8% 5 6%
. PARIS FUTURES.
Flour —
. Opening 45 30 44 90
Closing „. '.'.". 45 20 4! 75
Wheat
opening • ..■.....:...■.... 20 70 20 95
Closing ." ...20 55 20 83
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. Der 13. -Special rabies and
telegraphic dispatches to Bradptrtft's Indi
cate the following changes in the available
supply of grain lost Saturday, as compared
frith the preceding Saturday:
Wheat, United State* and Canada, east of
THE SAX FKANCISCO CALL, ESP AY, DECEMBER 14, 1898.
the Rockies, Increase, 2,424,000 bushels. The
Liverpool Corn Trade News reports afloat for
and in Europe, Increase, 1,000,000 bushels. To
tal supply. Increase, 3,424,000 bushels. Corn,
United States and Canada, ea6t of the Rockies,
increase, 357,000.
The aggregate stocks of wheat held at Port
land, Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash.,
Increased 92,000 bushels for the week.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Dec. 13.— CATTLE— Receipts of
cattie to-day were unusually small, but prices
were barely steady. Common half -fat steers.
$3 BOQ4 25; fair to good shipping steers, $4 50®
. : . 60; prime fancy cattle, JSQK 05; etockers and
feeder*. J3 85494 10; calves, common grades, $3®
5 75; prime lots, $6'a t> 75.
HOGS — Sales were largely 5c above yester
day's closing Quotations. Hogs sold all the
way from J3 2f,'.'r3 35 from the commoner droves
up to - . ror good to prime lots, heavy
packing hogs going at $3 3053 40; the bulk
sold for :.. 12! ■•■- ■'" .
SHEEP— A fair demand caused an advance of
about !'<■ in choice lambs and choice sheep
Bold hotter, but heavy-weights were again dis
criminated against. Most of the sheep were
fed Westerns and they sold mostly at $3 40@
4. Yearlings were taken at $4 2504 50 and
lamb* at $4t?5 35 for inferior to prime lots;
feeders. J4 4i"f(4 75.
Receipts— Cattle, 25C0; hogs, 42,000; sheep,
7000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Dec. 13.— CATTLE— Receipts,
9000. Market steady to strong. Native steers.
Texas steers, $S<ai 65: Texas cows. $20
3 45; native cows and heifers, $1 35'<?3 95 ; stock
ers and feeders, $2 60Oi 25; bulls, fSOB 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 2H.000. Market steady; bulk
of sales, $3 SO'fi 3 40; heavies, $3 52V&493 4.".; pack
ers, $3 2VA&3 40; mixed. $3 25®3 37!5; lights,
$3 10fi3 30; yorkers. $3 25@3 30: pigs. J2 SOifi'3 20.
.- liKEP1 iKEP— Receipts, SOCK). Market firm; liimbs,
$3 35Q5 40; muttons, $2(g'4 36.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Dec. 13.— CATTLE— Receipts. 2500.
Market steady. Native beef steers. $4 BOOS 30;
Western steers, $3 70@4 40; Texas steers, $3 50®
4; cows and heifers, $3@4 50; canners. $2®3:
stockers and feeders, $3 30<j4 50; calves, $4 ob@
6 75; hulls, stags, etc.. $2@3 80.
HOGS — Receipts, • 1600. Market stronger.
Heavy. $3 Ss@3 40; mixed, $3 35@3 37%; light.
$3 40@3 45; pigs, $3 30<ij3 35; bulk of sales, $3 35
@3 40.
SHEEP— 3000. Market dull, lower.
Native mutons, $350@4 25; Western muttons,
$3 2534; stockers, $2 5003 70; lambs, $4^5 25.
DENVER.
DENVER. Dec. 13.— CATTLE— Receipts, ROO.
Market active and steady. Beef steer 3, $3 60fjp
4 60: cows. $2 2.")''j3 50; feeders, freight paid n>
river. f:i 60Q4 10; Stockers, freight paid, $3 75®
4 20; bulls, stags, etc., $1 50(&2 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 600. Market steady to
higher. Light packers. $3 40&3 45; mixed. $3 35
[,:: -i I; heavy, $3 20@3 30.
SHEEP— Receipts, none.
DRIED FRUIT IN THE EAST.
NEW YORK, Dec. 13.— The Journal of Com
merce says: The situation In dried fruits is
rather unusual for this time of the year. In
pplte of reported small stocks, based on the
fhort crops of the past season, prices in many
lines are barely steady and buyers seem to be
indifferent as to the future. The latter are
miking no purchases for future delivery and
are buying spot goods only In accordance witn
ac tual needs of the present. In many of the
leading lines this apathy of buyers is having a
depressing effect and whereas at this season
the market is usually strong If not tending up
ward the feeling generally appears to be easy.
The purchase by interior buyers of a consider
able quantity of peaches, apricots and prunes,
chiefly the first named, has relieved this mar
ket of a weight that has been depressing it
for some time past, but hag. not as yet re
sulted in any reaction, which might be ex
pected to follow the lifting of such a load.
There Is, however, much more confidence felt
In the future of apricots and peaches and less
disposition is shown to sell. As to prunes the
scarcity of larger sizes restricts business, as
the demand is chiefly for this kind, but there
Is no Improvement in prices to be Doted. In
California raisins the situation is styi uncer
tain, though the statement of the president of
the California Raisin Growers' Association is
calculated to have a reassuring effect upon
those who have believed that the organization
C 4 ntemplated making a revolution in the busi
ness. The larger handlers In the East, how
ever, express great dissatisfaction with the
proposed cut in the commission of 2£ per cent,
and some of them say the growers will make
more enemies than friends if they put that plan
Into cperation next year. Most of the dis
tributors at this end, on the other hand, ex
t.nss an indifference as to what the growers
may do, the inference being that supply and
demand will regulate the market in the future
as in the p;ist.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON. Dp<\ 13.— The atltcion !>ales of woo!
for the year closed to-day. The closing tone
was firm and the prices realized to-day were
practically the best of the series. The num
ber of bales carried over was 21.000: 57,000 wer*
sold to home buyers and 80,000 to the Continent.
At the opening of the sales competition was
active and merinos firm. Fine crossbreds were
well maintained, while low coarse Btock ruled
Irregular at a fall of 5 per cent under the
October figures. The demnnd ror merinos in
creased, the Continent being especially eager
buyer?. After the first sale of the week me
dium scoured and greasies and scoured locks
and pieces advanced 5 per cent and finer (Trader
of wool wore better supported. Yorkshire
wools sold at full value and at an unapproach
able advance over the prices obtained at the
October s:ales. Crofsbreds were wen sought
for slr.ee the opening, and especially medium
and coarse. Heavy Continental stocks were
low, owing to the Buenos Ayres gold premium
being against them and the fact that French
1 uv. rs ha.i turned their attention here at the
same time. Yorkshire wools increased In de
mand. Riverina new clip wools turned out
Mghter nnd of dirtier qunntity thnn in 1897.
South Australian wools were heavier and of
better quality. South African stocks were In
strong demand throughout.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON. Dec. 13.— The Wool market here
continued to show a certain amount of activity,
with prices on a fairly settled basis. Territory
Wools yet lead the sale, with pr|>es ruling all
the way from 40c to 45c for scourr-d and
staple. Fleece Wools are selling fairly well,
with prices steady. Australian Wools have
been moving, the business reported being near
ly 1.000,000 pounds at current prices. Quota
tions:
Territory Wonip— Montana, fine medium and
fine. 14'S16c: scoured, 43c; staple, 47®4Sc; Utah.
Wyoming, etc., fine medium and fine, 13@15c;
scoured, 43c: staple, 47'fi4i ; c.
Australian, scoured basis— Combing, super
fine, 70® 72c; good, 65tf?68c; average, G2@6sc.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLiAND, Dec. 13.— Liverpool cablen to
day reported the same dull. Inactive market
that has been prevailing for so long, and pri
vate cables stated that buyers were indifferent
at dolnc business at a prlre that would mean
about 57c track In Portland for Walla Walla.
At the pame time hlpher quotations were ob
tained in Portland. 58Q68HC beinc given nui.
with the probabilities that round lots of heavy
Wheat could be worked without much trouble
at these figures. Valley, 6fV; bluestem, 61^62c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. 13.— WHEAT— Club, 58c; blue
stem, 61«g62c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Dec. 13.— Consols, 110%; Silver,
27 7-lfid; French rentes, 188f; wheat cargoes oft
coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage, nom
inal unchanged; No. 1 standard California,
29s sa.
I.IVKRPOOTj. Dec. 13.— Wheat, easy; Wlieat
In I'arls, quiet; Flour In Paris, dull; French
country markets, quiet; weather In England,
misty.
t I • i'TON— Uplands, 3 n-32d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Futures closed steady; December,
5s lOd; March, as S*«d ; May, os 7d.
LIVERPOOL, Dec 13.— WHEAT— No. 2 red
wjnter, steady, fis Id;* No. 1 red North
ern sprinc, steady, F.s md.
CORN— Steady? December, steady, 3s 9%d;
January, nominal; March, steady, 3s 7&d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Dec. 13.— Exchanges, 8332,406;
balances, J.M.O4S.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 day 5........ — 14 82%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 83
Sterling Cables — 4 S3H
New York Exchange, sight — .. 13
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17V4
Fine Silver, per ounce — . 59%
Mexican Dollars... — 47}»
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are still more or less
nominal at 235. usual options. The chartered
■wheat fleet in port has a registered tonnage of
17,552,' against 49,900 tons on the same date last
year;, disengaged, 27.300 tons, against 10,400; on
the way to this port. 142,000 tons, against 166.
000. A
WHEAT— An advance at Chicago was offset
by indications of rain and futures were weak
on the morning sessions. The spot market was
unchanged and dull. • '
Spot wheat-Shipping, %l 13%@1 16>4; milling.
U 17W<S1 22^>.
CALL BOARD RALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May—
ctla, $1 16%: 6000. $1 16V4; 4000, $1 16%.
Second May— 34, ooo ctls, $116%; 28,
000. $1 16^. •
Regular Morning Session— 2ooo ctls,
$1 16%; 6000, $1 16%.
Afternoon Session— May— 4ooo ctls, $1 16%; 2000,
$1 16%. . ' • ' • : "*<
BARLEY— The market continued dull with
light offerings. Business In this cereal has
been very light this fall. •
Exports from this port during the first eleven
months of the year were 735.521 ctls, valued
at $910,116, against 5.037.73S ctls, at $3,3*5,990
for the same. time In 1897. •
Feed. $1,27W©1 32M,c; Brewing, *1 30<g.l 45 per
ctl. •
,: CALL BOARD . SALES. ■.
' Informal ' session— o'clock— sales. V-
, Second Session — No sales. * .'•'■ ,:-',
Regular Morning Sesaion— 1599, new— >
2000 ctls. 98% c; 10.000, 9S%c; 2000, 98c. December
—1000. $1 33; 6000. $1 32%.
Afternoon Session,— December — 2000 ctls,
$1 32%; seller, 1899, new, 6000, 98% c; 2000, 9S%c.
OATS— Business Is light, but a good rain
would probably make a demand for Seed. The
local consumptive demand does not amount to
much at present.
Fancy Feed. Jl 27%@1 30 per ctl; good
to choice, $1 22 1 / 2 'ifl 25; common,. $1 20;
Surprise, Jl 35@1 42%; Gray, $1 2061 22%; mill
ing, $1 25@1 30 per ctl; Red. $1 40@l 47%; Black,
$1 60@l 70.
CORN— is very little on the market and
holders are firm In consequence.-
Small round yellow, $1 lf^fl 17%; Eastern
large yellow. $1 10; white $1 05@l 10; mixed,
$107% per ctl: California white. $1100112%.
RYE— still dull and weak; California,
$1 17%@1 20; Eastern, $1 15 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— extras. $4 15®4 25; bakers'
extras. $3 905? 4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25:33 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina.
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $5 85(g6 25: in sacks, $5 65@5 05; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas. $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay still remains dull. Alfalfa Is In good
demand and there is a firm feeling in choice
Wheat, but other descriptions are quiet. ■. J
Bran and Middlings are firm and unchanged.
BRAN— $15r516 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS- 20 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $26 60^27 50per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31153150; Job
bing. $32{j32 50; Cocoanut Cake. $24@25; Cotton
seed Meal. $2S@:o per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50©
24 50; Cracked Corn $24^25.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $16 50@18 for
good to choice and $14@16 for lower grades:
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, $15@16 60;
Oat, $14@15 50; Island Barley. $11014; Alfalfa,
$11 -' al2 50: Stock. $llfJ12; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
wheat and Wheat and Oat, $13 50tJ13: Cheat.
$11 75@12 75; Alfalfa. $10@10 BO; Oat, $13 60@15;
Clover, $11 50@12; Timothy, $11 50@13 per ton.
BTRAW— per bale. ■
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There have been no changes In Beans for sev
eral days. Seeds are quiet, as everybody has
been waiting for rain before purchasing.
BEANS— Bayos. $2©2 10; Small Whites,
$2 1602 20; Large Whites, $1 So@l 95; Pinks.
$2@2 10; Reds. $3 15573 25: Blackeye. $2 75@4.
Butters, $2@2 CO; Limas, $3 25©3 35; Pea, $2 30,3
2 f,O: Red Kidneys, $2 40@2 60 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 EOA4 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard. $4 25; Flax. $2@2 25: Canary
Seed 2Vi<g2\c per lb; Alfalfa. 6ViiS6%c; Rape,
2>4<<j2*;c; Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy. 5iU6%0.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 50®l 75; Green, $1 75
Cl S5 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
The market for Potatoes and Onions is
strong and small sales at an advance are be- i
ln made - tables show little change,
POTATOES— 50<§ 65c for Early Rose; 40@60c for :
River Burbanks: Salinas Hurbanks, 75c©$l 10:
Oregon, 75c{?U 10; Sweet Potatoes, 50<S60c for
nearby and $1 25@1 35 for Merced; New Pota
toes, l%rf?2%c per lb.
ONIONS— 50@7Ec per ctl.
VEGETABLES-Green Peas, 6156 c; String
Beans. 6<g7c; Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes. 25?? j
f.oc for Bay and 2,".cii*l for Los Angeles; Egg
Plant, 10c per lb; Garlic, 7©Be per lb; Dried I
Okra. 15c per lb: Green Peppers, 3j?sc per lb; I
Dried Peppers, 10@15c; Marrowfat Squash, $S
©10 per ton; Carrots, 2653 35c per sack.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two more cars of Eastern came In, making
four already this -week. The market Is de- j
pressed In consequence, and several kinds j
show a decline. Turkeys are particularly dull. j
Game continues weak at a decline.
Eastern is selling at I3c for Turkeys, $5@5 50
for Ducks, Hens and young Roosters, $5 for j
old Roosters, $4 50 for Fryers and $4 for Broil
ers.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkey. U%©lsc: live
Turkeys, 12Vf!l4e for Gobblers and 12'*fil3c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings.
*1 ."Otil 75; Ducks. J4T/ii GO for old and $4 BOQ
6 50 for youns: Hens, $3 504?4 50; young Roos
ters, |496; old do, $4(fi4 50; Fryers, $4(J>4 50;
Broilers, $4f;4 50 for large, $P.' 53 50 for Fmall;
Pigeons, fifjl 25 per dozen for old and $1 50&
2 for squabs.
GAME— Quail, ?1*?1 25: Mallard, $3^3 50; Can
vasback, SB@9! Sprig. $2: Teal. $1^12:.; Wid
geon, $1 25; Small Duck, $l*fl 25; English
Snipe, $2; Jack Snipe, $I^l 25; Gray Geese
$2 50; White Geese, $li/l 2S; Brant. $1 50; Honk
ers, $3'g l 4 50; Hare, 75c&$l; Kabblts, $1 25rgl 50
for Cottontails and Jl for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
There is no further advanoo in Butter, but It
is in light stock and stiff. Cheese and Eggs
are steady and fine ranch Eggs are scarce.
Eastern Eggs have again advanced.
BUTTER-
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 29@30c; sec
onds,' 27<g2Sc. - '
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 24@26c; common
grades, 1855"23 c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 17018 c; pickled roll.
j7-il -• - for dairy and 19® 20c for creamery
squares: creamery tub, 22©22% c.
Eastern Butter— packed, 16@16%c per
lb; Elgin. 22@22%c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 11%@12c; old, 10
©lie; Cream Cheddar. 12@12%c; Young Amer
ica, 12c; Eastern. 12@13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 33@33c per dozen; sec
onds, 27%®32%c; Eastern, 22%@250 for ordi
nary and 2S®3oc for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The market continues well supplied with
all sorts of citrus fruit and quotations are
consequently weak.
Apples are in free supply and unchanged.
Pears are in moderate stock. Grapes are no
longer worth quoting. :"' •<:
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, per chest for large
and for small.
Cranberries, $7 60<f?9 per 1 barrel for East
ern and $I@l 50 per box for Coos Bay.
Apples, 3!><36oc for common. 75c@$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 25@1 50 for choice. Lady Ap
ples, $1 2501 75.
Pears— 3oc(gsl 2." per box.
Persimmons— 7scgsl per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2©3 per
box: Seedlings. $1 25@1 75; Mandarins, $1 25<i?l 50;
Lemons, $102 for common and $2 6003 50 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $3 50©4; Cali
fornia Limes. 25@fi0c per small box: Grape
Fruit, $1 50@3 60; Bananas, $1 50@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3(&5 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
The New York Commercial says of that mar
ket: "The prune situation is unchanged.
Large sizes are wanted, and wanted badly, but
are practically unobtainable, excepting in.
small quantities. Spot supplies are limited,
and there are few In first hands on the coast.
The bulk of large sizes have been taken in
Washington and Oregon, very few being left
in first hands in either State. All stocks are
firmly held and prices are likely to advance as
they move into consumption.
"The raisin outlook shows no particular
change. Holders have few loose Muscatels in
Ftock, but consuming demand is net large, and
prices remain only steady. Foreign stocks are
quiet, though there has been considerable In
quiry regarding supplies to be obtained, pro
vided they were wanted. There is almost no
call for Malagas, nor has there been through
the season.
"Peaches continue firm. Offerings are small,
but demand is smaller. high prices serving to
restrict trade. Exporters show some interest
but purchases are small, because present quo
tations prevent profitable pales. HoldeVs are
firm in their views, preferring to wait before
conceding anything to buyers, even to secure
business. _• •*.>
"Apricots remain steady at high range. High
quotations do not call out additional supplies,
and the inference Is that there are few more
to come forward, even under th« most favor
able price conditions. There is -no export de
mand worth mentioning-, and spot dealing is
restricted by price conditions."
The local market continues dull and de
pressed and Prunes are especially so.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 6%c for 40-50's, 4^®
Be for 50-60* s, 3V4@3->4o for 60-70' 2&@3c for
70-80*8, 2Vi<3'2V4e for 80-90's, 2c for 90-100's and
tti@l%c for 100-110's: Silver Prunes, 2Vs@sc;
Peaches, 6«i"MtC for good to choice, 7%@Sc for
fancy and 10izl2M>c for peeled; Apricots, 10@12c
for Royals and l2<fiil2V6o for Moorpark; Evapo
rated Apples, 7%fi~hc; sun dried. 4'B'lVic: Black
Figs, sacks. 2&21& C; Plums, 41413-60 for pitted
and l%c for unpltted; Nectarines, 6@7c for
prime to fancy: Pears. 6@Sc for Quarters and
b(g9c for halves.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown, 6%c for four-crown, sVfe'<?fi 1 4e for Seed
less Sultanas. 4%c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2\li3c
. Chestnuts, S@l2Hc pec lb; Walnuts
6@7c for hardshell, 9@loc for softehell; Al
monds, 6@7c for hardshell, 13c for softshell 14© |
15c for paper-shell : Peanuts, MT7c for Eastern I
and 4V4fisc for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5
HONEY— Comb. 10®llc for bright and B@9<j
for lower grades; water white extracted. 6V-@
7c; light amber extracted, • 6c; ; dark, s<g/sijc
P< BEESWAX— 24ff26c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The old quotations still rule .with a dull mar
ket.
CURED MEATS-Bacon, 7Hc per lb.' for
heavy, 8c for light medium. 10c, for light. 10V4o i
for extra light and 12@12Vic for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10®10'ic; California 1
Hams, 9%ig.9%c;Mess Beef, $10 per bbl; extra '
Mess Beef, . $11: Family Beef. $12 50; extra
Prime Pork, $10: extra clear. $13; mess, $15 50(3
16; Smoked Beef. 11%@12c per lb.
LARD— quoted at 5%0 per lb for
compound , and 7@7Uc for pure: half-barrels,
pure. 7Hc; 10-lb tins, Sc; 5-Ib tins, B>4e. -■-::
COTTOLENE— Tierces. s!^6^c; packages ;
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls, 60 In a case, 9V4c; ■
3-lb pails, 20 In a case, B%c: 5-lb pails. 12 in a )
case, 6V4c; 10-lb palls, 6 In a case.S*ic; 80-Ib I
tins, 1 or 2 in a case. 7%c: wooden buckets. 20 !
lbs net, S%c: fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%e.
HIDES. , TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Most ' of the ' good Hops - have 1 passed out ' of
first bands and the quotations ' represent ' sea
• ond hand prices. Hides are quiet and un
changed. ;. . •■ ■ . ■ . ; >
A local circular says of Wool: "There has
, been some local trade the past week, but It
l is not of a large magnitude and chiefly em
• braces the better types of Northern Humboldt
) and Mendocino spring and fall stock, as well
as some short good foothill wool. This trade
I has been confined to two buyers, one of whom
; has filled up, while the other is yet in the
• market for considerable wool If he can agree
, as to value. The present weather, which is
■ reported to be Intensely cold in the East and
I Northwest, will have a tendency to make more
active trade in wool, and all dealers are hope
1 ful that after January 1 the clothing trade
, will be so brisk as to justify them in placing
larger orders for heavyweight goods than has
, been the rule for the past two winters."
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy- salted
steers, 10c; medium. B%c; light, So; Cowhides,
&;■. Stags.. 6c; Salted Kip. Sc; Calf. Sc; dry
Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands, 12c; dry
Kip and Veal. 15c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 15@25c- each; short wool, 30940 c
each; medium. 60<g80c; lone wool. 90c@$l 10
each; Horse Hides, salt. Jl 75@2 for large and
[ (oc for small; Colts. 50c; Horse Hides, dry. $1 50
for large and 50c@$l for small
TALLOW— 1 rendered,- 3%@3%c per ib;
No. 2, 2*ic; refined. 4y«@sc; Grease. 2c.
WOOL— clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months . 7©9 c; San Joaquin and Southern. 7
months , SS9c; Foothill and Northern, free. 1J
@14c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9@llc;
Humboldt and Mendocino, 14®15c; Nevada S&
lie: Eastern Oregon, 10@12c
Fall Wools—
Humholdt and Mendocino 9011
Northern Mountain 7@ g
Southern m 7%
Plains 5(Si 6
HOPS— IBSB crop. 12%®14c per lb for ordinary.
14%<7?15%0 for good and 18@18c for choice to
fancy.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4%@5c; Wool Bags, 26@28c; San
Quentln Bags. $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch. $8; Cumberland. $8 60@9 in bulk and $10
4?10 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk
and $14 In sacks.
CORDAGE— ManiIa, 9%c; Sisal, 9Vic; Duplex,
S'4c basis.
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, $1 35@1 50 for
black and $1 60@l 80 for white; Peaches, $1 40*?
1 76; Pears $1 45@1 50; Apricots, $1 35@1 50;
Plums, 95c@$l 15. •
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, Ssc@sl 25;
Asparagus. $1 50@l 75; Tomatoes, 85@90c.
COFFEE^-Costa Rica— l4@lsc nominal for
prime washed; 13@13%c nominal for good
washed; 13Ufl5c for good to prime washed pea
berry; 11%@12%c for good peaberry; 11%@12%c
for good to prime; 10%<311c nominal for good
current mixed with black beans; 9@llc for fair;
'/.on for common to ordinary. Salvador ll
(al3c nominal for good to prime washed: 9@10%c
for fair washed: 10%i??ll%c for good to prime
washed peaberry; BVi@S%c for superior un
washed; 8c for green unwashed: 9%®10c for
good to prime unwashed peaberry. ' Nicaragua
— Sif£S%e nominal for good to superior un
washed; 9%?i10c nominal for good to prime un-
I washed peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican —
lC@l7%c for prime to fancy washed ■ new crop;
uvn:i*4c for good to strictly good washed;
! 9#llc for fair washed; 7@S%c for medium; b®
! 6%c for inferior to ordinary; ll%!g < l2c for good
to prime washed peaberry; 9%<g)loc for good
unwashed peaberry; B@S9ic for good to su
perior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles. 4c; cases, se
lected, 4%0; imitation Eastern, 6\4c; boneless,
r.'.'.c; strips, 6%@7%c; blocks, s'4<??7c: tablets,
: 7%c; middles, 6%@S%c per lb; desiccated, 87% c
per dozen; pickled cod. barrels, each, $$;
pickled cod. half-barrels, each, $4 50.
! LEATHER— SoIe Leather, heavy. 2rffr2Sc per
lb; Sole Leather, medium, 24@25c; Sole Leather,
light, 1 23@25c; rough Leather, heavy, 24@25c;
rough Leather, light, 23@24c: Harness Leather,
heavy, 30@36c; Harness Leather, medium, 27@
30c; Harness Leather, light, 26@2Sc: Collar
Leather. 14'!rl6c per foot: Kip, finished. 40@-Jsc
! per lb: Veal, finished, 60<7j>53c: Calf, finished. 75c
®$1; Sides, finished, 16«?l7c per foot; Belt Knlfo
i Splits. 145J16C per lb; Rough Splits, B®loc.
I "Oil/— California Castor Oil. eases. No. 1, 95c;
' barrels. 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates);
j Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled, 46c; raw, 44c;
i cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained,
I barrels, 66c; No. 1, 46c; cases, 5c more; China
• Nut, 45@53c per gallon; Pure Neatsfoot OH,
I barrels, 65c; cases, 70c; No. 1, barrels, 65c;
' cases, 60c: Sperm, crude, fcOc; natural white,
I 40c; bleached white. 4.'c: Whale Oil, natural
■ white, 40c: bleached white. 4."c; Pacific Rubber
! Mixed Paints, white and house colors, $1 25®
1 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $2@2 25 per gai-
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil, in bulk, 12c per
gallon; Pearl Oil. in cases, 17% c; Astral Oil,
17% c: Star Oil, I<%c; Extra Star Oil. 21 He;
' Elaine Oil. 22% c; Eocene Oil, 19% c; Deodorized
j Stove Gasoline, In bulk, 13% c; In cases, 19c;
1 Benzine, in bulk, 12% c: cases, 17Uc; S6-degree
Gasoline, in hulk. 20c; in cases, 25c.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles— 16 03,
7%c; 6s, 14 oz, 6}ic: 6s, 12 62, 6c; 6s, 10 ox,
6',ic. Granite (Mining) Candles — 16 oz, 9V4c;
6s, 14 oz, 8V;c; 6s. 12 os, 7%c; 6s, 10 oz, 6«4c.
Parafflne Wax Candles— ls, 2s, 4s, 6s, 12s. white,
B%c; colored. 9%c.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6@70 per lb. " ' '
TURPENTINE — cases, 68c; In Iron barrels,
53c: In wooden barrels, 55c per gallon.
LUCOL— barrels. 41c; raw, barrels,
39c: cases. 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— per flask for local use
and $3S<fr3B 50 for export.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany announces an advance in all grades
and quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c: Powdered, 6%c; Candy
] Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated, 5%c; Confec
tioners' A, s»ic: California A, 5%c; Magnolia A,
5%c; Extra C. si4c; Golden C. 5%c: half -barrels,
'4c more than barrels, and boxes %o more. No
order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
LUMBER,
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $15 SO@IS; extra sizes, higher;
! Redwood, $17 for No. 1 and $14@15 for No. 2;
Lath. 4 feet. $2 20512 30: Pickets, $14; Shingles.
$1 35 for common and $2 25 for fancy; Shakes,
for split and $10 50 for sawn; Rustic, $15@21.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef and Mutton are steady at the quotations.
Hogs are In sufficient supply for the demand.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6%c; Second quality, 6c;
third quality. 4%@5%c.
VEAL— Large. 6%@7%c; small. 6%@>Be per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@Bc; Ewes, 7c.
LAMB— 7%#Sc per lb.
PORK— Hogs. 4c for large, 4%c for me
dium, and 3U@3%c for small; stock Hogs, 2%jJ
3c; dressed Hogs, 65?6%c for prime.
PRODUCE RECEIPTS.
For Tuesday, December 18.
Flour, qr sks 8,000 Hay, tons '.'. , 104
' Wheat, ct15. ...... 3,070 Hops, bales 125
Barley, ctls 8,725 Wool, ba1e5....... 35
Oats, ctls 1.120 Hides, no 41s
! Corn, ctls 400 Pelts, bd15.. ...... 330
. Butter, ctls 74 | Quicksilver, flks. 322
; Beans, sks 991 Lumber, feet 40,000
I Potatoes, sks 1,959 Eggs, doz fi.4SO
Onions, ek5....... 591 1 Wine, gals..- 73,400
Middlings, sks... 195 I Leather, r0115.... • 72
Mustard, sks 300 { Lime, bbls 91
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 800 Hay, tons 50
Cats, ctls 860
i EASTERN.
Hay. tons 201
THE STOGK MARKET.
Local securities were fairly dealt In. Ha
waiian Commercial was firmer.
Mining stocks were dull at a further de
cline.
The Genevieve Mining Company of Tuol
umne County has levied an assessment of 5
cents per share, delinquent January 10.
The Hutchinson Sugar Plantation Company
has declared a regular monthly dividend of
50 cents per share, payable December 20.
Tho delinquent assessment sale of the, Con
fidence Mining Company will be held to-day
The Overman assessment sale of 6 conts per
share will be delinquent In the company's of
fice to-day.
The. Yellow Aster Mining Company of this
State has declared a dividend of 10 cents per
share, amounting to $10,000, payable imme
diately.
The Olive Gold Mining Company of Ontario
has declared a dividend of 1 cent per share
for October and 1 cent per share for November
bnth payable December 15. '
The American Sugar Tteflning Company has
declared regular quarterly dividends of 3 per
cent on Its common stock and I}; per cent on
Its preferred stock entitled to quarterly divi
dends and 3H per cent on preferred stock en
titled to semi-annual dividends, payable Janu
ary 3.
Superintendent A. T. Eager of the Occi
dental Consolidated mine writes as follows
under date of December 9: 650 level— The work
of undercutting the ore on the 450 level con
tinues. The appearance of the face shows a
near approach to the ore body encountered on
the 450 level. r.OO level— The crosscut on this
level Is .lust entering the ore body. Average as
says taken from the face show $26 per tori
gold value. 4=>o level— The work of stoping out
ore has commenced. The mill will start up De
cember 13.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Dec. 13.
Bid. Ask. BlilAflir
U. S. Bonds— Pac L Co. 47U. —
4s quar coup.. — — SF G & E. .. 84U 85
4b quar reg... — — San Fran — 314
«s quar new... — — Stockton Gas.. — 14
Ss quar c0up.. 105% — Insurance-
Miscellaneous— Flrem"* Fund. 2lo —
Cal-=t ('ah 55. .115 117 Water Stocks—
Cal El 6s 125 — Contra Costa.. 60 55
C C Wat 55...101H— 'Marln Co so _
Dup-st ex c... — 98ft Spring Valley. 1<HU1O1«
EL & P 65... 130 — Bank Stocks—
F& C! Ry 65. 114 — Anglo-Cal .... 63<4 66
Geary>-st R . r .s. — 100 Bank of Ca1 . . 254 U257
HC & s f.Hs.. — — Cal RD & T.. ?S 100
LAL Co 65.. 99 — First Natlonl.2l4 222H
Do gntd 6s..in2Hl°J% Lon PA- A.....U3 —
Mank't -st 6s. .129 — iMcr Exchange— 16
Do Ist M ss. 11514116 |Nev Nat 8....175 177
NCN G R 75.10S — I Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal #5s. . US=Vi — IGer S & L..'1625 —
N Ry Cal ss..lOs%ii>r,i;'Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPC R R 65. 103 — Mutual Say. — 42%
NPC R R 58.101^ — S F Say U. 500 —
V Cal R R 68.103 105 SSt L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas 55. ...109 — Security S B 300 850
Om Ry 6s 12714— Union T C 0.1060. 1060 —
P & Cl Ry 65. 107 — Street Railroads—
P & O 6s H2 — ICalifornia ....1M& —
Powell-st 69...117Vi122V,:Geary 45 —
Sac El Hy 55. 100 — I Market-st .... 58 6S*4
SF& N P sk. 110% - Oak SL& H. — —
SlerraßCal 6s. 104 411)54 Presidio 9H —
S P of Ar 65..111Vii12 Powder—
S P C65(1905-t;miVl2'-i 'California ....135 —
SPC 6s (19U)116&117U E Dynamite... 85 96
SPCis eg 55. 103 - Giant Con Co. B7H s*l*
SPBr 6s 11S«4 — Vißorit 3*4 34
S V Water 6s.u:i>4 — Miscellaneous—
S V W4s(3dm). 102% — Al Pac Assn. .lo3^lo4
? V W4si3dm).lo<>4 4 — Ger Ld Wk5..160 —
Stktn Gas 65. .100 — Hana PI Co.. 17>4 1"^
Gas & Electric— H C & S Co.. B» 59
Capital Gas... — — Hutch R P Co. 63% 64
Cent Gaslight. los — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Gent L & P... 11 13 ! Oreanic S Co.. 554 594"
Mutual El Co. 11% — !Pac A F A... IVi I**
Oakland Gas.. — 52*4 :Pac C Bor Co. lol —
Pac Gas Imp.. — 86 iPar Paint Co. 7% —
Morning Session.
Board—
35 Alaska Packers' Assn 104 00
2T, Alaska Packers' Asson, cash 104 00
100 Central Lifrht & Tower 12 50
r.O Hutchinson S P Co 03 75
160 Hawaiian rommerclal A Sugar 51 50
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 51 75
90 Market-st Railway 57 S7<£
50 S F Gas & Electric Co S4 7o'
JIOOO S V 4 per cent bds 03d mtge), cash. 101 00
$1000 S F & N P Ry bonds 110 50
50 Vlgorit Powder 3 50
10 Vlgorlt Powder 3 374
Afternoon Session.
Board —
130 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 51 75
30 Hutchtneon S P Co 63 75
100 Market-st Railway 58 00
100 Pac Aux Fire Alarm 125
BOS V Water 10175
Street—
60 Alaska Packers' Assn 104 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
100 Central Light & P 12 50
10 Equitable Gaslight 7 25
25 S V Water 10150
10 Cal Safe Deposit 99 00
Afternoon Session.
25 Central Light & P 13 00
50 Mutual Electric 1150
60 Hawaiian 61 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In th« San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 17 200 Mexican 80
300 Best & Belcher. 36 500 Of.hlr 55
100 Best & Belcher. 371200 Ophir 64
200 Caledonia 20 100 Overman 08
500 Challenge 15 3<X» Potosl 21
1100 Con Cal & Va.l 15 EOO Savage 14
300 Crown Point 14 400 Savage 13
R0 Eureka 35 600 Sierra Nevada.. 85
400 Gould & Curry.. 26 300 Sierra Nevada.. S6
500 Hale & Norcrs.. 13 50 Standard 180
300 Julia 01 900 Union Con 17
100 Justice IB 100 Union Con 18
100 Mexican 29 800 Yellow Jacket... 15
Afternoon Session.
500 Alpha 0311200 Hale & Norcrs. 13
600 Belcher 16,200 Ophir 56
50 Best & Belcher. 35200 Potosl 2')
SOO Bullion 03 1 300 Savage 11
200 Con Cal & Va..l 15: 100 Savage 13
100 Gould & Curry.. 28 1 100 Sierra Nevada.. 90
200 Gould &. Curry.. 27 200 Union Con 17
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Alpha Con 05;900 Mexican 81
SOO Andes OSU2OO Ophlr 5«
300 Belcher IS 300 Ophir 57
60i) Beat & Belcher. 37 200 Ophlr 58
300 Best & Belcher. 38 ' 200 Ophlr 51
700 Chollar 23800 Potost 21
200 Con Cal & Va...l 15 200 Savage 13
600 Con Cal & Va.l 12Vs 300 Sierra Nevada . S7
350 Con Cal & Va.l 17H 800 Sierra Nevada.. 88
200 Confidence 68 800 Sierra Nevada 89
200 Gould & Curry.. 26 300 Sierra Nevada.. 91
200 Hale & Norcrs.. 12 200 Sierra Nevada " 90
22fK) Hale & Norcrs. 13 400 Union Con 17
700 Justice 172100 Utah U
Afternoon Session.
1100 Belcher 17 400 Justice . 17
1500 Belcher 16 50 Justice '.'.'" m
600 Best & Belcher. 36 1000 Mexican . 29
600 Bullion 01 600 Ophir .. ' 56
200 Challenge Con.. 15 200 Ophir .. .. 55
400 Con Cal & Va.l 12V4 600 Overman ....'.'.'.'. OS
200 Con Cal & Va...l 15 400 Sierra Nevada . 88
300 Crown Point.... 15 : 300 Sierra Nevada. S9
300 Gould & Curry.. 26 400 Union Con ..
400 Gould & Curry.. 27 300 Utah .
1300 Hale & Norcrs. 13:
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Company.
Day of
Sale.
i
Alta
Confidence
Alpha
Sep. Belcher
Occidental
Potosi
Gould & Curry ..
Overman
N". Gould & Curry
60
81
21
22
31
61
85.
»'
21
57 i;
113?
29 i
..Nov. 17).. Dec. 20 06
..Nov. 20|..Dec. 14 10
..Nov. 25;.. Dec. 19 03
..Nov. 26 ..Dec. 19 03
..Nov. 2S ..Dec. 28 10
..Dec. 2 ..Dec. 2$ 10
..Dec. 5 ..Dec. 29 10
..Dec. llf. .Jan. 4 06
..Dec. 18 ..Jan. 6 10
..Dec. 29 ..Jan. 23J 15
..April 9 ..Dec. 221 10
..Jan. 71.. Feb. II 05
..Jan. 13! I 03
Union |
Hale & Norcroes.l
Utah I
Julia I
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. Is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
OCEAN CURRENT REPORT.
Branoh Hydroprraphlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal . De
cember 13, IS9B.
The Ocean Current Report, thrown overboard
by Sherman Coursen. second officer of the
steamer Alameda. on the 4th of September
1897, in latitude 24 degrees 9 minutes north"
longitude 175 degreees X minutes west was
found September IS, 1898, at Cape Bedford near
Corktown, Queensland, Australia.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Fmnetsco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14.
Bun rises »-lg
Sun sets "4-52
Moon Bets 6:22 p in.
Ft.
1:'
1:4
2:2
3:1
4:
6
8
11:'
11:
i-
.l
.7
6.1
5.:
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundlnes on the
united Statns Coast Survey charts except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given is subtracted from
the dopth given by the charts. The plane of
reference ip the menn of the lower low waters
SinA&iERS'TO ARRIVE.
5igna1 ..::..:.... Astoria I
Empire.... Coos Bay '
Alameda. ...;... Australia
Wellington. Departure Bay ...
Washtenaw..... Tacoma ....;
C0r0na. .v:...... San Diego
South Portland. Coos nay *'
Del Norte ... Crescent City
Weeott. Yoriulna Bay ;
EtateCallfornla Portland ■;...". . 'I
Chas. Nelson... Pu^et Sound ......;.;
Gaelic ..lChlna and Japan .......
Mackinaw....... iTacoma '. : I
Ch11kat.. ........ Humboldt '.'.'. i
Orizaba Newport/"..:.. . . ... I
Queen Victoria & Pugret Sound
P0m0na......... Humboldt I
A11iance.;....... Oregon Ports I
San Juan.;.'..... Panama ..;..".
Arcata Coos nay
Bantu R05a..... San'Diejro
North Fork Humboldt
Coos 8ay........|Ne-wport • I
C01umbia. . . ..... I Portland .. ■ . . . ....... i
C. 14
C. 14
C. 14
C. 14
C. 14
c. 1&
C. 15
c. 15
c. 13
c. 18
C. 18
C. 1«
c. 18
c. 16
c. 17
c. 18
c. IS
c
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. | Pier.
Australia .. Honolulu Dec. 14, 2 pm Pier 7
Columbia .. Portland Dep. 14, 10 am Pier 24
Aroata ..;.. Coos 8av...... Dec. 14. 10 am Pier 13
Coos Bay... I Newport.:..... Dec. 15, » am Pier 11
Pomona .... Humboldt .... Dec. 15, 2 pm I Pier 9
Hupeh ..... ;Chlna& Japan Dec. 15, 1 pm'PMSS
Corona ..... [San Diego..-.;. Dec. 17, 11 am Pier 11
Umatilla , .. Vie & Pgt Sri". Dec. 17, 10 am Pier 9
Curacao ... Mexico Dec. 17, 10 am Pier 11
Chllkat . Humboldt.... Dec. 17. 2 pm Pier 13
City Peking China* Jnpan Dec. 17, 1 pm PMSS •
Weeott . ....lYaquina liny. Dec. 17. 2 pm Pier 13
Signal . I Grays Harbor Dec. 18. ...... 1 ...:v..
State of Cal Portland...... Dec. 19. 10 am Pier 24
San. Jose... I Panama.....:. Dec. 19, 12 , m PMSS
Orizaba .... New00rt....... Dec.MS, 9 am Pier 11
Santa Rosa San Diego 'Dec. 21, 11 am Pier 11
C. Nelson.. |Pu*et Sound.. Deo. 81. ...... ...;,.
Destination.
r.
Australia .. I
Columbia .. 1
Aroata (
Coos 8ay... 11
Pomona ....II
Hupeh !(
Corona f
T T matllla ..p
Curacao ... I
Chilkat ... il
it
I
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.. De
cember 12. 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHE3.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, December 13.
Stmr Coos Bay. Glelow, 70 hours from New
port (S). • .
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, 20 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Fulton, Levlnson, 75 hours from As
toria.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 19 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Cleone, Miller, 42 hours from Crescent
City.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, 62 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, December 13.
Etmr. Lakme. Klitgaard, .Seattle; E T Kruse.
Stmr Columbia. Green, Astoria; Oregon Rail
road and Navigation Co.
Whaling bark Horatio, West, whaling; Wil
liam Lewis.
SAILED.
Tuesday, December 11.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Mineola, David, Tacnma.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwlns, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego.
Bark Amy Turner, Walland, Hllo.
Schr Charles R Wilson. Johnson. Grays Har
bor.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 13 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind east; velocity 12 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Dec 13— Br stmr Ningchow arrived
at Yokohama from Portland with bulwarks
damaged, two boats carried away und cargo
damaged.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CLALLAM BAY— port Deo 13— Schr Nor.
pnn£ m Tj P »°£ t ,, G . amble ' for San Pedro.
Snv£ HARFORD— Arrived Dec 12— Schr Ida.
HCH C a hh nn a U n? r V from Grays Harbor; BChr Charles
2-^2.'JiJrj; om Gra> ' 8 Harbor.
San Fr"ncJco~ Sal ' ed DCD C 13^ Schr Queen tOT
SEATTLE— Sailed Dec 13— Stmr Charles Nel
son, for San Francisco.
De\ rl 7 Ve<i De ° 13 - 6tmr Golden Gate, hence
Ti. N r.?^ . BAT-Passed Dec 13-Bark Levl O
¥-&% 'xA c 5 oe Dec 6 - for Ta coma.
San°?Vd?o AT ~ ArriVed DeC 13 Schr Glen - from
Dec M 3 PQUA ~ArrlVe<l~ ArrlVe<l DCD C 12-Schr Sadie. henc«
ear, for P« R1 ? N ' A -7 San Dec 13-Stmr Alca
f'c r Port Loa Angeles.
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec rt 13— Bktn Tarn «'
Shanter, from Wlllapa Harbor.
GRAYS HARBOR-Sailed Dec U-Schr Ed
ward I'arke, for San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 12-Schr C A Thayer, hence Nov
30, schr Dauntless, hence Dec 1; bktn Gardiner
City, hence Dec 2; bken Catherine Sudden,
hence Dec 4; schr Allen A. from Honolulu;
schr Alcalde, hence Dec 3; schr O M Kellogg
from San Pedro; schr Ida McKay, hence Deo
3; schr Lillebonne, hence Nov 30; schr Nep
tune, hence Nov 27; schr Bella, from Port Los
Angeles; bktn Encore, hence Dec 8; schr La
Glronde. from Santa Barbara; Btmr Grace Dol
lar, hence Dec 10. .
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Dec Schr John
A Campbell, for Newport.
T FORT BRAGG— Arrived Dec 13— Stmr Se
quoia, hence Dec 13.
EASTERN PORTS
NEW TORK-Salled Dec 13-Shlp St David,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 12— Stmr Finance, from Colon
FOREIGN PORTS."
t ALG . OA BAY -Sailed Nov i^p.,,,^ bark
Lea Adelphes, for Oregon
HAMBURG— SaiIed Deo 9— Br bark Haytor.
for Santa Rosalia.
FORT PIRIE-Arrived Dee 12-Haw ship
John Ena, from Port Ludlow
DEPARTURE BAY-Sailed Deo 11-Shlp Ori
ental, for San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 12-Ship Two Brothers, hence
Dec 1 .
BRISTOL-Arrlved Deo 13-Br ship Forre.t
Hall, from Oregon.
MELBOURNE-Arrtved prior Dec 13-Haw
rark Hlmaoaya. hence Sept 4.
MILFORD HAVEN— Arrived prior Dec 13— Br
ship Claverdon, from Tacoma.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK-Arrlved Dec 13-Stmr Pennsyl
vania, from Hamburg.
Sailed Dec 13— Stmr Hesperia, for Glasgow
stmr Saale, for Bremen; stmr Majestic for
Liverpool. , -, -
ANTWERP-Arrived Dec 13-Stmr Kensing
ton, from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Dec Stmr Pavonia,
from Boston.
HAMBURG— SaiIed Dec 13— Stmr Pretoria, for
New York.
ROTTERDAM— Dec Stmr Mohican,
for Baltimore.
NAPLES— SaiIed Dec 13— Stmr Patria, for
New lork.
PHIL A DELPHI Dec 13— Stmr Car
tfin pp nun. xm m #3 1 o ■ &r\ ■***
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
I^^ Steamers leave Broadway
Ts>»»w. wharf. San Francisco:
Wgs*a«^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
lS^t*»^^ Dec - 2 - 7 - 12 - 17 - 22. 27. Jan. 1.
imM^IS change at Seattle.
BBs.vMl ml For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
|BgSW<SS3»I C). Port Townsend. Seattle,
f^^EffliM Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m., Dec. 2, 7, 12, 17, 21.
17 Jan 1. and every fifth day thereafter,
i change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Dec
6 10, 15, 20. 26. 30, Jan. 4, and every fifth day
thereafter. ■ „ A
For Santa Crut. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
' Gavlota Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
• San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Dec. J. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27, 11.
Jan 4 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. Dec. 1. 5, 9. 13. 17. 21. 25. 29. Jan. 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata; La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Dec. 17, Jan.
11.
For further Information obtain folder. :;:,',".;
The company reserves the right to Changs
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
ppH bcnrs of sailing.
fIt'KET ornOß-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agt«.,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CAOC Sl2 First Class Inclndine Berths
IAnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails ....— ......Dec 14, J4
STATE OF CAL. sails ....Dec. » 18. 2J
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butto,
Helena and all points In the Northwest,
Through tickets to all points East.
.< E. C. WARD, General A#ent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.,
Superintnndenta.
COOK'S TOURS
— TO-
HAWAII
January 25, February 8, 22, March 5 and 22.
FARES $150 and $235.
All expends included: first-class throughout.
Programmes free of THOS. COOK & ; SON..
621 MARKET ST., San Francisco.
Gompagnia Generate Transatlantique.
"■ (French Line) v v
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS --_
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North VMftltf
River, foot of Morton street.
LA CHAMPAGNE Dec. 17
LA BRETAGNE Dec. 24
LA NORMANDIE .....Dec . 31
LA GASCOGNE... Jon 7
LA CHAMPAGNE ...Jan ' 14
First-class to • Havre. $30 and upward 5 per
rent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre. ME, 10 per cent reduction round trlD
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. I Bowling Green. New York
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents j
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
r, Vm ednesday, December
PIJfPMMItf s ; S. AUSTRALIA
T^N^^h^rfc^ .^££*W
J. D. BPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
Freight office— 327 Market M( ga : rf oF^n'c0 F^n'cr co.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERsT
Fae,HAVY-YARBA»VAUiiq.
Steamer "Monticello." *^
Mon.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Dat..;...
9:46 a. m.. 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs)
Friday5...... .....:.......-..i v ; m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 3 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pl« !,;■■■«
Telethon* Mala 1608.OBJECTED TO
GALLAPAGOS
SEA-TURTLES
Rowell, University Re
gent, on Reptiles.
BUDD ALLUDES TO THE FERRY
THANKING THE BURGOMEIST
ERS OF ANTWERP.
"The State University Shall Not Pay
for Any State Legislation," Says
Regent James J3L
Budd.
Governor Budd. as presiding officer of
the University Regents' meeting, placed
his official foot down yesterday on paying
fees for legislation in the Interest of that
Institution. This expression did not come
from a motion along that lino nor from
an attempt of some vandal lobbyist to
break into th« university's now somewhat
empty strong-box, ijut from a lonely
thought struggling up to light through
the convolutions of the gubernatorial
thinker.
"I don't see why one department of the
State should buy anything from another,
or in other terms, why the University of
California should pay a cent for legisla
tion from the Legislature of California.
Hereafter bills in the interest of the great
State school must go to the Capitol un
accompanied by a fee."
Regent Chester Kowell, who is a Sen
ator-elect from Fresno, does not see what
part in the culture of the football giants
of Berkeley a mammoth Gallapagos turtle
1b bound to play. The question came up
on the motion to pay $100 for a number
of natural historical subjects from those
South Pacific islands, among which speci
mens, was the big amphibia. Whether
Senator Rowell had harkened to Regent
Ilallidle's plaints of rainless hard times
and a depleted university fund, or wheth
er he thought that the student could get
moro instruction in reptilia on sea-turtle-
Boup days during a restaurant dinner for
two-bits with other gastronimic studies
on the side, he did not mention, he vot
ed a lone "no," 'and the university will
have Gallapagos turtle on its mental bill
of-fare.
On the matter of raising the salary of
Superintendent of Buildings McKillican
from $50 to $100 per month during the
j r. ipress of repairs now under way, the
board voted in the affirmative. Mr. Halli
dle objected on economical grounds, but
Governor Budd stated that he understood
McKillican was a careful and an able
man and from the building troubles con
nected with the new ferry structure on
the water front he thought a good care
ful, able superintendent was worthy of
his hire.
The favorable recommendation of the \
committee on the purchase of the prop
erty at the corner of First and Market \
streets, now occupied by the Fulton Iron j
Company and others for $210,000, was re- !
ceived. It was shown to be a good in- {
vestment of university money and the
purchase was ordered.
In the consideration of the Horticul
tural College communication relative to
plant and animal parasites and the meas
that should be taken In the prom
•c. Ptiu Budd said the State had been
handicapped from taking the proper ac
: y tlie absence of all bearing on the
matter.
Mr. Dcnieke asked if the State did not
have a veterinary surgeon, and Regent
Ji>hn Budd wanted, to know if ho was
alive.
"1 think fo," answered the Governor,
"I signt-d a $160 warrant for him the
other d;ty."
It was moved that an instructor and ln
vfstitrator should be sent among the
dairies and cattle ranches and search for
cattle diseases, also instruct stock rais
era how to prevent and cure such epi
demic among their herds.
Regents WaJlace, Foote, Denicke, Phelps
and Rodgers were appointed a committee
in the matter of a statue to James Lick
in Golden Gate Park. The unveiling of
the proposed statute and other ceremonies
of the occasion are to take plac# Septem
ber 9, 1900, the fiftieth anniversary of tha
admission of California to the Union.
The Regents officially thanked the
Buxgomeistera of Antwerp for the crm-
Fideratlon and courtesy shown Mrs.
Thebe R. Hearst and the Jury of Inter
national Competition for the Phebe
Hearst architectural plan for the univer-
sity.
In the matter of finding a successor to
President Kellogg, who pome time ago
tendered his resignation, a committee con-
Flsting of the Governor, Mrs. Hearst, Hal
lldle. Rodgers, President Kellogg and
BpeaJier of Assembly was appointed to
name the new head of the University of
California.
Coroner's Powers Limited.
The powers of a Coroner to impose pun
ishment for contempt have been more im
aginary than real, according to a decision
of the Supreme Court yesterday. The case
in which this decision was made was that
of Dr. Charles G. Kuhlman against the
Superior Court, or more particularly
against Judge Dalngerfield. The position
is taken that the Coroner has no right to
find a witness guilty of contempt. The
proper course is to have a witness who
refuses to answer taken before the Su
perior Court, where the matter of con
tempt shall be judicially heard. It is then
duly In th~e power of that court to dispose?
of the witness and the alleged contempt.
In the case In question the judgment of
contempt was passed by the Coroner and
the Superior Court imposed the penalty
without, trying the cause.
POSTUM CEREAL.
COFFEE CAUSED IT.
A Simple Way to Locate tho Cause
of Disease.
I was troubled for years with my
Btognach, and took all sorts of remedies,
without being able to get well. I did
not know all this time what was the
cause of the trouble, but since I quit
drinking coffee I found out that was
the enemy that cost me so many days
and nights of suffering.
Within an hour after breakfast where
I would drink a cup of coffee I would
Fpit up the meal, and if I drank coffee
for supper I would go to bed and my
nerves twitched and jerked so badly
that I was afraid to lie down.
Sometimes my stomach would flutter
terribly.
I was afraid I would have paralysis,
and I firmly believe I would if I had
kept on using coffee.
I believe so much coffee drinking is
the whole cause of so many dying with
paralysis and heart trouble.
All I can say is all this nervousness
and stomach trouble has left me since
I have been using Postum Food Coffee
according to directions on the package
aod I know of quite a number that
have been helped by Postum.
If people would use Postum Cereal
Pood Coffee they would save hundreds
of dollars in doctors' bills, and chil-
dren would be stronger and brighter if
their parents would use it Instead of
coffee. Of course it has to be made
ri^ht, but that is easy. Just let it boil
fifteen or twenty minutes after it real-
ly starts to boiling, and you have a
splendid drink. Mrs. Annie Van Bus-
kirk, 2632 Santa. Fe avenue, Ft. Madi-
son, lowa,
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK, Tuesday, Dec. 13, 1898.— Fourteenth
day of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track fast.
EDWIN F. SMITH, Presiding Jud|?e. JAMES F. CAL.DWELL., Btarter.
Index. Horse.
Welpht/
Hm.
%m.
Str.
... Ballista U
268 Judge Wofford ....llfl I
• .mo ins t;
rl Islington 108 7
engaber us 5
. Britotnartfa 115 4
335 Woi d liobin 1
... Wato.=sa 11" 1
... Tirade is- [
1 3
8 2
4 »i
7 6
6 %
5*
2 h
1 2
2 1 .
7 5
5 X
6 1
IV
8
4 V 4 ■
1 2
2 1
7 8
3 h
8 2
*•*
8
6H
12
2 3
3 %
4 %
5 4
6 20
7 4
8
!.. 1
Piggott
L. Reiff
Bullman
IStlmpson ....
H. Martin....
E, Jones
3
6
15
20
6-2
6
«•
6
3
2
15
30
10
3
10
20
2
IHourk
IH. Shields....
i lnorpe
•!,■ :t.: t. "Coupled with Ulengaber.
1:03^. Winner. W. D. Randall's b. o. by Sam Lucas-Balsam of Fir. Poor start.
Won handily. Beoond :mii third driving.
T!:e winner is a Kood colt and got away well. Earl Islington was nearly left and with
another infant prodigy up made a jcood showing. Fermo 1b improving. Tirade had worked
faster in private trials than the time huu
Off a BECOND RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.JSt.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. 'St. .
256 Daisy F. 3 92; 2
327 Imperious. 3 ?2- 3
(342) Pat Morrissey, 4 . . 107 6
336 McFarlane, 9 101 8
315 Prince Blazes. 8.. .101 1
542 New Moon, 5....;.. 101 4
266 Hohenlohe, 3 101 8
283 Okturuclt. 3 S2| 7
3 h
1 %
4 %
7 6
6 1
2 1
5 2
8
%m.
Mm.
Mm.
5 Ms
1 h
2 hi
6 8
7 6
4 I'
r. h
8
%tn.
3 2
1 h
2 1
4 %
6 8
5 1
7 6
8
%m.
Str.
Str.
1 2
2 3
3 2
4 1
6 10
6 3
7 4
S
Fin.
1 4
2 4
8 1
4 H
5 8
6 6
"-7 2
3
i Betting.
Jockeys. lOp. Cl.
MiXlchols ... 3 9-2
! J. Ward 8-R 12-5
N. Turner 6-5 3-2
Devin 15 25
J. Woods 8 18
;Powpll 10 30
iftullman S 2<J
jHal Brown. .. 30 60
J. Carroll's eh. f. by Rlley-Modesty. Good start except McFar-
lamv Won easily. Second and third driving.
Pal M vered the mile In 1.4., which is his race. He made Imperious move to
cheaper Quarters. Daisy wen easily at thr i*nd. McFarlane, nearly left, ran a great race.
New M 'i was cut off at the far turn. Look out for her in umbrella time.
Offl THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Ape. Weight.
St.
%m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
... Joe Ullman. 4 11? 1 ... 2h 13 13 16 |L. Rein*..
... Ferrler. a 122 2 ... In 2 2 2 1 2 1 |H. Marti
2U Kamsln, 5 IU B ... 5 1 B« 4 1 8h Turner ..
4 IMtS ... 42 41 66 44 Pnlder ...
217 Sweet William. 4.. 122 4 ... 3 1 3 1 3 1 5 8 Plgsrott ..
6 6 6 6 M
& Wiphard's eh. g. by Riley-Hattie Harris.
Won easily. Second and third driving.
Ullman won with a full dress suit on. Ferrier was short and carried
money. Kamsin was Inclined to run some. His legs are very "dickey."
]L. Reiff
|H. Martin....
jTurner
Snider
! r»< .*
PlggOtt
thy
1 7-10
1n.... 2 9-2
, 10 13
30 100
4 3
! .... 30 100
Good start,
no talkative
1 7-10
2 9-2
10 13
30 100
4 3
30 100
OCQ FOURTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $500.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Ist.
54m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
(2T7) Buokwa. a
ir Climate, 5 107 2
1335) RubiCi n. a II" 1
. il CriKga, 4 105- 4
[J7D Buckwa, a 102,3 21 In In 11 12 'Bullman 4-5 7-lrt
at) Our Climate, 6 107 2 3 8 315 2 2 325 2 1 iKutter 30 25
(335) Rubicon, a Ufl 1 l!s 21 320 21 340 ! Plggott 2 9-2
298 Paul Grlgga. 4 105 1 4 4 4 4 4 4 JH. Martin 5-2 5-2
2 1
3 8
i a
4
1 n
3 15
2 1
4
1 n
2 2
S 20
4
1 1
3 25
2 1
4
1 2
2 1
8 40
4
'Bullman
iKutter
! Plggott
|H. Martin
Time, 1:41%. Winner, E. W. Turser's b. g. by Buckra-We Wa. Good start. Won all
out Second and third driving.
Puekwa did not have anything to give away at the wire. Rubicon grew grofcry. Paul
Griggs did not war- to break away and then sulked. Our Climate speaks for Itself
OR«» FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; all ages; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Hm.
«im.
Str.
335 Miss Rnu-pna, 3 Ill' 1
26f, Mar> - Black, 3 104 2
23S Valenclenne, 3 I<M 4
... Little T G. 3 104; 3
335 Miss Rowena, 3 Ill' 1 ... 12 12 12 13 Pleirott 1 1
26f. Man* Black, 3 104 2 ... 2 2 210 210 215 Ij Relff"""" l t
23S Valenclenne, 3 101 j 4 ... 4 4 3 1 3 10 IBullman ... 6 9
... Little TG. 3 104; 3 ... 3 6 8 1 4 4 IJones 100 200
1 2
2 2
4
3 6
1 2
2 10
4
3 1
1 2
2 10
3 1
4
3
15 !
10 !
PißPOtt
J. Relit
IBullman ..:...
Jones
Time, 1:00. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's eh. t. iy Imp. Midlothian-Imp. Paloma
Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Johnny Rein* should have been sent to the little red school house a while longer Miss
Rowena was well ridden. Equally well handled, Mary Black would have won Valen-
clenne was nrnctically left.
SIXTH RACE— C^ne mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
%m.
Str.
(827) libertine, a 113
(330) Mamie O, 6 101
... Hardly. 3 I<U'
SIS Henamela, 5 I'M?'
311 Frohman, 3 H2'
... Ping. 3 101
(294) Yankee Doodle. 5..1071
6
5 2
7
4 1
6 6
3 4
1 2
2 4
6 4
4 h
6 10
i ■-,
1 %
3 1
3 1
7
4 1
6 3
1 h
2 2
5 h
2%
4 H
5 h
1 tt
3 1
6 1
2?
2 h
3 h
4 3
54
?«
|H. Shields....
IJones
I W. H. Martin
Rutter
J. Daly
McXichols ...
Bullman
4
3
25
5
5
8
7-5
5
5-2
100
12
7-2
10
7-2
Time, 1:42%. Winner, J. G. Brown & Co. 'a b. h. by Leonatus-Falalse Good start ex-
cept Mamie G. Won first three driving. " *
Libertine was ridden to perfection. Mam!« O ran a phenomenal race. She was turned
reverse way when barrier was released. Hardly finished like a cyclone Benamela didn't
like his company. Gabriel 1 * trumpet could not have awakened Yankee Doodle
MAMIE G LET
THE TALENT
DOWN HEAVILY
Beaten Out a Neck by
Libertine.
A POOR START CAUSED IT
MISS ROWENA ONCE MORE DE
FEATS MARY BLACK.
Ballista Left the Maiden Class With
Flying Colors — Daisy F a Handy
Winner — Four Favorites
Were First.
There are no "cinches" In horse racing
any longer. Mamie O, the black mare
owned by bookmaker Caesar Young, a
starter in the last race at Ingleside yes
terday, came as near being one as is pos
sible. The distance was one mile, and
the smartest people on the track accepted
the 5 to 2 laid about her with a smile.
When Mr. Caldwell released the barrier
she was facing the reverse way of the
track. Jones, who had the mount, took
after the field, and, gradually creeping to
the front, was beaten out but a neck at
the wire by Libertine, a 5 to 1 chance.
■With an even break she could not have
lost, but so goes the game.
This was not the only ragged start Mr.
Caldwell made. Still the weather was
very raw and cold and on this point alone
can the veteran flag wielder's wretched
work be excused. Many fractious horses
are sent to the post these days, and a re
call flag, if used with discretion, would
prevent many a bonfire in which gold and
currency furnish the fuel.
The card Itself was a big improvement
over the one furnished on the opening
i day, and with more protection furnished
: them at the post speculators would have
invested much more heavily. Four favor
i ites again succeeded in winning purses.
Miss Rowena regained her tarnished
laurels in the five-furlong scramble, in
which she hooked up with Mary Black.
It was even money and take your pick,
and the local celebrity led the Eastern
! mare all the way, covering the distance in
I 1:00 flat, now the track record. Mary
j Black had Johnny Reiff on her back, and
'■■ the diminutive race rider was about as
I much of a success as a Chinese cook
would be making a parachute jump.
The opening live-furlong number for
maiden two-year-olds was prolific of
many warm things. Ballista, the Montana
bred colt, carrying the colors of Billy
Randall, made all the running and won
hands down. He opened in the betting at
;>, to 1, and closed at 2. Judge Wofford
finished three lengths ahead of Fermo for
the place. A poor start ruined the
chances of the others.
A big plunge was made on Pat Mor
rtesey to win the mile selling run, at post
time G to 5 being the best obtainable.
Frank McMahon'a gelding raced along
out in front with Imperious, and the clip
they set killed them both off. At the
end McNickels brought Daisy F up and
won at leisure in 1:41 Vi. Morrissey was
downed four lengths for the place by Im
perious.
Joe Ullman. now racing in the colors of
Duke & Wishard, made his inltiau ap
pearance this meeting in the five and one
half furlong spin, third on the card. He
went to the post a 7 to 10 choice, and after
parting company with Ferrier passed the
judßcti first eased up. Ferrier waa hard
ridden to get tho place from Kamsin.
Ed Purser's gelding Buckwa was the
popular selection for the mile selling run
that followed. The bay horse was backed
to 7 to 10 favoritism, and led the rank
outsider Our Climate out by a couple of
lengths in I:4lft. Paul Grlges sulked both
THE SAN FE AN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1898.
at the post and after the field had been
dispatched.
•
Track Notes.
"W. H. Cheppu, one of the oldest book
makers in the country', is again in Cali
fornia. Mr. Cheppu is a regular visitor
during every racing season.
After the Buckwa raco the judges cau
tioned Bullman about being too anxious
to take inside nosltion.
The occupants of a Mission street elec
tric line car had a very unpleasant expe
rience shortly before 2 o'clock yesterday
afternoon. It was loaded with racegoers,
and at the point where the car crosses the
Southern Pacific Railroad track, west of
the Branch County Jail, the motive power
gave out. Not many rods away the last
race train came thundering along, and a
wild scramble was made by the street
car passengers to escape death. Fortu
nately the car was backed down the grade
only a minute or so before the train made
the crossing. In the scrimmage hats were
broken, ladles had their toilets disar
ranged and, most horrible of all, several
"dope" books with valuable notes about
future winners were irreparably damag-ed.
To-Day'e Entries.
First Race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds
eelllng.
343 Fellcite 101 267 Stamina 104
321 Rio Chico 101 ; 174 Rey Hooker... 108
341 Cr«<=molina ....101 331 Crutch 109
21*6 Banewor 101 1 33S Good Hope. . 101
(319)Clarando 101 1
Second Race— One mile; selling; three-year
olds and upward; maidens.
.2. r >7 Filou 104 250 Sokombeo 100
345 Henry C 103, 271 Major Hooker.. .loo
337 Paul Kruger. . . . 103 . 345 Dutch Valet 10s»
347 Lomo 109 337 Sierra 81ana0...100
314 Brown Prince... loo 329 Defiant 100
253 Granger 109 329 Majesty 100
Third Race — Short course steeplechase; Palace
Hotel Stakes.
345 Durward 125 ... Jezebel 129
235 San Carlos 128 235 Reno 160
... Silverado 150 (235)Huntgman 158
Fourth Race — One mile; handicap.
346 Topmast 118 1 (292)Moringa 112
334 Morellito 1161 347 Highland 8a11. .103
Fifth Race— Seven furlongs; Belling-.
254 Lord Marmion..los 323 Mocorlto 96
304 Wheol Fortune. lo7 (317)Midllght 105
346 David Tenny 110 i 339 Greyhurst 101
(348) First Call 1051
Sixth Race— Selling; four-year-olds and up
ward.
... Wyoming 109; 320 El Venado 112
268 Anabasis 112! 172 Grandezla 109
262 Gratify I<W 351 Cavallo 109
314 Joan 109| 351 Cherry 5t0ne. ...112
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Rio Chico, Crossmollna, Good
Hope.
Second Race — Paul Kruger, Sokombeo, Maj
esty.
Third Ra.ce — Jezebel, Reno. Huntsman.
Fourth Race — Topmast. Morellito, Moringa.
Fifth Race— Midlight. David Tenny, Wheel of
Fortune.
Sixth Race— Wyoming, Joan, Grandezla.
A WOMAN OF COURAGE.
Miss Agnes Meehan Weds Police Of
ficer Penny Hayden With His
Sixteen Children.
Police Officer Denny Hayden, the pride
of the Southern station, who has adorned
the uniform of the force for the past twen
ty years, and who la the proud father of six
teen living and grown-up children, led
the blushing Agnes Meehan to the altar
before Mission Dolores Church on laft
Wednesday evening, and acoruing to the
rites of that church they were made man
and wife. The marriage license which au
thorized the good father to join them was
kept a profound secret by Cupid Dan
forth, fearing the public might know that
Miss Mechan waa about to assume charge
of Hayden and his sixteen young Hay
dens. The secret, however, leaked out,
and since then the courageous woman has
been flooded with congratulatory missives
from every officer on the force, besides
from all of her acquaintances in the city,
and they are numbered by the score.
The sprightly groom has turned his fif
ty-fifth birthday, while the bride has seen
forty-three summers. Both are hale and
hearty and enjoy their honeymoon with
all the novelty of a pair in their teens.
The Hayden household is delighted with
the novelty of having a young mother to
keep its members in subjection and to
care for the sixteen young ones, som© of
whom are parents themselves.
"California Wild Flowers" and other
new calendars, "Chinese," "Indian," "The
Devil," etc. Christmas cards as usual.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
COUNTING THE
COST OF THE
BIG NORTHER
The Chief Wharfinger
Tells What It Did.
MUCH REPAIRING NECESSARY
CHIEF OFFICER LAWLESS OF
THE AUSTRALIA HURT.
During Her Brief Career the Berke
ley Has Knocked Out 34 Piles
and Done Damage to the
Extent of ?2200.
The" Harbor Commissioners held a short
session yesterday and considered the re
port of the chief -wharfinger and engineer
on the damage done by the recent norther.
At section 1 of the seawall the wharfinger's
office was slightly damaged and the fenc
ing knocked out of place. At section 2
the ship Miltonburn was lying, "and,"
says Chief "Wharfinger Boot in his report,
"for a distance of over 2r>o feet the fender
piles and stringers are broken and plank
ing supports driven inshore, caps removed
from bearings, supports of shed knocked
uut of place and shingles blown off the
shed, leaving this part of the seawall in a
very badly demoralized condition.
"At section 3 the ships Feleus and Ste
fano Razeto wore lyinpr, and about GOO
feet of the wharf is in a badly damaged
condition and unserviceable. The rock
bulkhead was washed away in some
places. 
"At section 4 the damage was slight,
consisting of the loss of a few stringers
where the bark Amy Turner was lying.
"The incline at Fishermen's wharf,
which was in a bad condition prior to the
storm, was destroyed, a number of piles
carried away and ladder and railing bro
ken, leaving- the wharf In a very dilapi
dated condition. tt-«—
"The storm swayed the end of Lnlon
street wharf and it is now unsafe for the
class of work done on it.
"The float at Clay street wharf was
damaged, planking torn up and end of
gangplank badly broken.
"The dolphin between slips 5 and 6 at
the ferries was badly damaged.
"The damage at Mission 1 was confined
to the paving of the bulkhead and in
Spear street wharr the shed for a
space of 450x30 feet was carried away and
a number of skylights broken."
Superintendent of Urgent Repairs L-ong
has a force of carpenters at work at
Spear street wharf and it will be roofed
in again before the rain comes. The other
! wharves will be fixed up as quickly as
The transports Mohawk and Mobile that ;
are coming out here to carry the regu
lars to Manila and the volunteers home
are classed by Secretary Meiklejohn as-!
"model troopships" and as "specially
fitted for carrying troops to Manila." ;
This should be a feather in the cap of T.
Turner of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company, who went back East and fitted ;
them out. Turnrr put his patent bunks
in the Arizona, Scandia, Australia, Zea
landla, China, City of Peking and in all
the vessels that carried troops from here |
to Manila. Then he was cabled back East '•
by the Government and fitted out the Mo
hawk and Mobile.
The record of the new ferry steamer
Berkeley on the water front is not an en
viable one. Since she has been in com
mission she has knocked thirty-four piles
out of the dolphins on this side and dam
aged the State property to the extent of ,
$2200. What she has done on the other
side of the bay the railroad company re- I
fuses to state.
The Mall steamer Australia sails for
Honolulu this afternoon with a light pas
senger list, caused by thf holiday season.
Among her cargo are a number of Christ
mas trees and a large consignment of or- '
anges and apples. Chief Officer Lawless
had a narrow escape Monday morning. He
lives in Aiameda, and was running to
catch a train, when the overhanging
bough of a tree caught him on the head.
i It pierced his hard hat, cut a scalp wound
i four inches long and knocked him sense
j less. He was taken home and a doctor
sent for. His head was bound up, and he
will be able to go out on the ship.
The British tramp steamer Ningchow,
from Astoria for Yokohama and Hong
kong, arrived at Yokohama yesterday
with her bulwarks smashed, two boats
carried away and cargo damaged.
Andrew Johnson is fond of peppermint
drops. Yesterday by accident a tabule of
bichloride of mercury got among his
drops and he swallowed it. He was
pumped out at the Harbor Receiving Hos
pital and Bent on his way rejoicing.
The following changes have taken place
among: captains: The steamer Alcatraz
Is now commanded by Captain G. M. Fa- '
gerlund and Captain T. Sunderson has
taken the steamer Alcazar. Captain An
| derson has taken command of the bark- i
I entine John Smith, now loading lumber
j at Chemaniuf, and Captain Kustel, who !
was taken sick at Port Townsend, will
return to San Francisco and take com- '-
mand of the barkentine Ruth. Captain
Calhoun, now on the bark Ceylon at Ta- '
coma, will come to San Francisco to re- '
lleve his son George on the barkentine I
Archer. George goes to the bark R. P
Rithet and Captain Edwards goes to Port
Blakeley to take command of the bark
Harvester.
Mrs. Barrios' Diamonds.
Mrs. Barrios spent an hour in the Ap
praiser's store yesterday afternoon select
ing some chang-es of lingerie from her
trunks. After having extracted several |
articles of lingerie of silk with Snjinish i
lace trimmings she took her diamond
Jewelry out and claimed that, it being for '
her personal adornment and being too 1
valuable for the use of a person in her
station in life, she was entitled to free !
entry of the articles. The diamonds are I
valued at about $100,000. The Appraiser i
has taken the matter \inder advisement.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It Is a home
treatment and all m»n who suffer with
any form of sexual woaknr- resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss o<
strength and memory, weak back, varlco-
cele. or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where t is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medlral Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building, Fort Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great c)as»
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
ablo them to pee how easy It Is to be
cured of sexual wejikr.ess when the
proper remedies are employed. The In-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Reader* arc
requested to write without delay.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
C Merchants chew %
| Piper Heidsieck I
M Plug Tobacco ft 1
q when buying goods —it is conducive to 11
5p a little more reserve and conservatism &
f|L in deciding on styles, quantities and M
tff terms. It is a perfect chew. im
£f Just a nip of it — now and then — €L
gives nerve to busy business men. ! 2jf
I CHAMPAGNE FLAVOR. M
jjSSs^ or *& Xy*^^ A |yj PED
p^^^^l |l'P a common place.
3 * l^ free with hundreds of
addresses of honest scures. No Fraud.
8. R. CHAMIEY, M. 0., 23 & 25 Third St . N'R MARKET St.
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER
WPPV/ITA «e«om VITALITY
- n v■ I M lost VIGOR.
AS&SH&h —^AND MANHOOD
£§3™'j Cores Impojency Night Emissions and wasting
HB^fi disease, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
>»i) ind'Scretico. ' A nervctonic and hbod»bui!dcr.
1. T» ' brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and re
g* JSjiv/ stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
jjnOWL boxi 6 boie3for $2.50; with a written
Jp|p^(f^t guarantee to cure or refund the money. . <
Iknrita niedi«! Co., CHnton « Jackson its., C'uicajj.
WALLEii BROS.. 23 Grant ave.. San Francisco.
Munyon'sHeadache and lndige%tlonCure
Is the only remedy on the market that
will cure every form of Headache in 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion/ stim-
j ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and
every traveler's gripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures 25c.
m^^i, WHEN YOU
i!^^w^^^. Require an ELEC-
Pierce's" and you will ,
• - N not be disappointed.
-7^~ Call or address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO., 620
Mark»t;l. (opp. Palace Hote 1 ), S. F.
y'^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jLwESlii 625 KEABNT ST. Established
Bri ifflGm '" * 85 * for 'he treatment of PrtrßtO
BMjUflSe-Tu&f Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debllltvor
K|^Sii£*«l| rllseaso wearing oil body and mind ana
wSk^.'JJSwb Skin l)i*casfs. i'hedociorcureswbeti
4 JSffiMß" sfall Try him. Uhnrfres low -
C^HSSm «a»radHT(l. Callorwrite.
3>r. .1. l'\ «i!BBO9i, Box <«57.Sau Francisca
Weekly Call, $1.50 per Year
.._ ■ • .
Face to Face "^
The pleasure of a confidential chat
is doubled by the sweet breath that
goes with ■■. a well-ordered system*
And that is always insured by
Sweet breath, bright eye, RIPANS V TABULES
clear complexion, ..'...
RIPANS • TABULES
1 : : A mm iMe p»ck«t oonUlninp: iso rt*a<m tjlbcxbs la a paper carton (^ttfcont tot hum m «mm
trig Btora»^oE ifiv- enrt? ;liib low^irleM Sort is U>tood«d for me poor and the ooonoinlB«I.^WdoS
fit ta« tlvo-cent OBrtons (,I'JO uu«ilen) q»n be Had b? ra»U by seniling tcvty-Astx oanu to the RiPiii* Cnoacl2
WMU-iny, >v. (0 Btnec, Sow xw*— «r a >u>ai« c»i%i.n ctax TT f l >TMt'ft «Ui )■ saut for ftu d^^
California
Limited
Santa' fe Route
Connecting Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY.
TUESDAY. FRIDAY:
Arrives In Chicago at 8:15 A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday:
DINING CARS. "BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car -^ and Eleotrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
: SAB FRAMCISCQ TICKTTfFICE— MARKET ST,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1581.
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.'
Sacramento Office— 3ol J Street.
San Jose Office— Wast Santa Olara St.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MIL.I* VALLEJI
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *9:30, 11:00 a. m.; I:4*.
1:45. 6:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— San Rafael on Monday,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *B:OO, »10:00, *U:2O a. m.; *1:U,
1:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:2S, *C:SS, 7:46, »9:30 a. m.;
•12:20, 2:20, »3:45 t 6:06 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. *8:00. »10:00. »U:55 a. m.|
«1:U, i.-l*. 4:4«. »6:20 p. m. ,
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO,
i WEEK DA YS-R:45, 8:45, 7:56, 9:40 a. m,j
i 12:36, 2:45. 3:60, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. •
BUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:06 a. m.: 11:05. 1:29, Ids.
1:00, S:2O p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ms.
1:46 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. ■--■■.< .
l:«0a- m- Sundays— Duncan Mills and way (ta'a.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via SausaUto Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday
Sept. 11. 1898: —r*»
Week — 9:80 a. m., 1:45 p. m. '
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $L i
THOS. COOK & SON. Agents. 621 Market
street. San Francisco.
...■ ■ ■ ■ ■
AUCTION SALES.
■>. — — i
ON ACCOUNT of EXPIRATION of LEASE,-
GUT-LOOSE SALE !
A CHANGE SELDOM OFFERED,
EVERYTHING MUST GO.
OPPORTUNITY FOR DEALERS.
THIS DAY.
WEDNESDAY, Dec. 14, 1898,
At 10:30 a. m.
At Warehouse, corner 15th and Valencia Sts.,
— — We will sell
88 new Bugkies; 4 Hacks; 12 Wagons and Carts;
60 Second-hand Top and Open Buggies and
Traps: 6 Surries: Coupe; Pneumatic Bike Sul-
key; 20 Milk, Grocery, Express and Business
Wagons.
HARNESS!
60 Sets New Trap, Surrey. Buggy and Wagon
Harness; Second-hand Harness; Saddles; Robes;
Safe and Fixtures.
KILLIP & CO.. Auctioneers,
11 Montgomery street.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
IOCTUIiBN t»A<.l*'l<- coupabtSv
(PACIFIC srSTJBH.)
i Trains leave ami me due to arrive st»
HAS ll(4\(l\Hi.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) V
leavb — Prom Not. 29, 1898. — amutb
•6:OO a Nile*. San Jose and Way Stations ... • 8i4«I
7:00 a Beniola, Suigun and Sacramento. . . . 10:43a
~:OOa MaryßTllSe, OroTilleand UeUding via
Woodland B:4Sp
7:00& Elmlra, Vacarllle and Rnmsey 8:43r
?:SWa Martinez. San Ran-.on.Vallejo. Nap*,
Cali»t.!ga and Santa Rosa SilSp
B<<>oa Atlantic saOßMsa, Ofilen and East.. Si43p
BtitlOA San Jose, .-Stockton, Valley Sprint;,
lone, Sacramento, Mary«*ille,
(Moo, Tehama and Red liluflf.... •sil»r
8:80a Stockton. Oakdale and Jamestown.. 4tl3r '
•»«80a Milton «7il3p
»iOOa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno lSilSr
••••a Fresno, Uaberstlelil. Santa Barbara,
. , Lot Angeles, Darning, £1 Paso,
New Orleans and East li43p
Fresno, Mendots, Tracy and Mar- ■
tines..... t 6:43*
1O:00a Vallejo, Martinet and Way Stations 7:45r
■•liOOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers 'ViOOr
1*:00k Nile*, Tracy, Stockton, Mendota,
Hauford. Visalia, Exeter and Por-
• terrille .TT7! 4«15p
1 (OOP Nlles. San Jose and Way Stations ... 11:43*-
San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... J»ilsa
Ufermore, San Jose, Nilessnd Way
Stations JIOUSa
4ioop Martinet, Baa Ramon. Yallejo.
Napa, Callstoga, 1U Verano and
Santaßosa villa
«itOp Beuloia, VaoaTllle, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marjnrille, Oro-
»Ule and Saorauientb 10:13*
4iBOpNUes, San Jose and Stockton 7slSr
OiOOp Martinet. Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
MoJareVSauta Barbara and Los
Angeles »i4Ba
OiOOp Santa '•">• Route, Atlantic Express
for Mnlme and ) r :.=t 0:43p
6:OOP JtarUnts. t«throp, Stockton.
Mtro«l «ad Fresno U:ISF
iSiOOr " Ji-.cino iViut Llmitea." £1 Paso,
; Fort . Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East {6:4Sp
StOOp European Mall, Ogden and Vast.... »«45 a
B:OOp Hay wards, Nile* and San Jose 7:43a
*«:OOp Vallejo 12:15p
}7:00r Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
. tions .■ Jo:43p
•tOOp Oregon JCiprnss, Sacramento, Marys-
Title, Redding, Portland, I'ugefc
Souudaud Kast SilOa
tlOiOSp "Sunset Limited." Fresno. Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans .
and East H«4sy
HAS LEA.MMK) AMI IUYIVAUDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
I llelrose, Seminary Park, ?
8:00a Fltrhburg, Klmhnrsf, •:4Sa
•- <8:OOa San Leantlro, South S«a <*0:43a.
lO.ooa Leandro, I utmlillo, 10:43\
{11:00a Lorenro, Cherry ■ l V*.s*
«1:OOf k L\ ' tl:43p
O:OOp H«»wardll J»«43p
, 7loor I Buns through to Nile*. 7143r
7lo * r i Huns through to NUes\ 7x43p
1 J t From Nlles. \.
COAST I»1V1S[O> Osrroir tiauge). ~"
(Foot of Market Street.) .
SilSa Newark, Centerr lll e, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way .
Stations SiSOp
•••IB* Newark Centerr ille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
SanU Crux and Principal Way
SUUons *1 «:8O a
4il9p Newark, San Jose and Los Gatos... 9:20a
tlli4sp Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
i Way Buttons J7i2op
CREEK ROUTE >ERRY.
Tn* St N miCISCO— Tm of Mirkit Strut (Slip I)—
•7:18 9:00 11:00a.m. (1:00 *2:00 t3:00
•1:03 tS:OO *e:O3r.M.
frtnOmiHD— Fool Br«»aw»j,— '6:oo 8:00 10:00*.u.
112:00 «1:00 tg:OO *3:00 H:00 -3:35p.m.
COAST MTISION (Broad «auge). ',
(Third and Tovrnsejid St».) ■
7iooa Sau Joie and Way Stations (New ' <
AUnadeu Wednesdays only) 1:80?
■■••a Ban Jose. Trcs Pluos, Santa Crux,
Pacillc UroTs, Paw> Robles, San
Luis Oblspo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Priuclpttl Way Stations 4ilOr
IO:4Oa Sau Jose aud Way SUtions •BiOO.\
I1:3Oa Ban Jose and Way Statlous SiSSa
**i4op San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, SanU Clara, San Jose,
Ollroy, HolUster, SanU Cruz,
Salinas, I Monterey and PaciQo
GroTe "lOiSOa
*SiBOp Ban Jose and Way Stations *9:«o
*4ilsp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:45 a
•5:00 San Jose and Principal Way SUtions 6:33 a
S:3wr> San Jose auil Principal Way Stations S:3Oi>
O:!tOr San Jose Way Stations.......;. 7:30p
<ll:4»p Ban Joseand Way Stations 7:HOp
A for Morning. ; P for Afternoon.
• Sundays ezcepted. 1 Sundays only, 1 Saturdays only ~
and Thursdays. aTnesdays and Saturdays.
|Saturd«jrs and Wedneadayi. sThondan and Sandars.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. COL
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEJb.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; U:SS.
8: »0, 6:10, (:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:80 p. m. Baturdays— Extra trips at I:6ft
andll.Bo p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:80. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:M. I:I«.
6:00, «:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAJEIi TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:IO. 7:60, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 11:41.
8:40. 6:10 p. m. Baturdays— Extra trips at
1:66 and 8:85 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. *:«. U:l« a. m.; I:4*. I:4*.
6:00, 6:26 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Bchuetsen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave I Arrive
Can Francisco. In Effect San Francisco
1 October 18, •
Week Sun- 18S8. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. da.,... Days.
f :Boam 8:00am Novato, 10:40am B:4oam
B:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma. (:10pm 10:25 am
iUOpm 6:oo pm Santa Rosa. 7:86 pm 8:18 pa
Fulton.
I JO am Windsor. 10:15 as
Healdsburt,
Lytton,
GeyfsrvUla,
l:*optn 8:00am Clov«rdale. 7:Sspm (JSpa
Hopiand and
f :Boam 8:00am Uklah. 7:85 pm «:Bpi»
t:B»am 10:»aja
8 :00 am Guernevllla, 7:85 pm
S:Sopm <:Hpm
I :3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40am 8:40 urn
and
(:10pm s:oopm Glen Ellen. (:10pm 8:21 ptsj
7:3oam B:oOarn] SeLastopol. 10:40am 10:25am
S:Bopm 6:00pml 7:35 pml (:31pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Eprings; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Qey-
servllie for SJ-suggs Springs; at Cloverdala fop
the Geysers; at Hopiand for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, KelßeyvlUe, Carlabad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
pprinsr?. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witt*r
Springs. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley.
John Days, Riverside. LierleVs, Buckneli'*,
Banhedrin Heights. HullvlUe, Boqnevllle, Orr*»
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Brags;.
Westport, Usal, Willittß, Laytonvllle. Cum-
mlrig's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer.
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
totyoDd San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 860 M»rk»t st.. Chronicle bids.
B. C. WHITINO. R. X. RYAN,
O«ner%l M*a«ctr. Gen. Pus. At- at.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. „
From Nov. 10. 1898, trains will run h« follovs^
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. IPaasen-
ger. Sunday Sunday ger.
Daily. Kxc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptdl Daily.
B:3oam 10:30am Stockton 3:45pm s:sopm
10:10am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40pm 4:03 pm
11:40 am 5:30 pra Fresno 9:30 am 2:32 pm
12:38 pm 7:45 pm Hanfofd 7:45 am 1:35 pra
S:2opm|l2:3o am Bakerafleld 2:3'iariiill:2s ; iru
12:B8pml 8:50 pm Visalia 6:4oam| 1:15 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection!
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Olflce, 3»i !Urk«t
itreet, San Francisco.
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
NOTHING BUT
THE WOUNDS
CAUSED DEATH
Dr. Buteau's Strong
Testimony.
TWO DAYS OF QUESTIONING
XILLIANWAS BEATEN NOT LONG
BEFORE DEATH.
Brandes' Attorney Fails to Change
the Damaging Opinion Formed
at the Autopsy by en
Expert.
" Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 13.
Dr. S. H. Buteau answered questions for i
five hours to-day put to him by Attorney
J. E. Bennett, who is defending W. F.
Brandes on the charge of murdering his
daughter.
Attorney Bennett sought to prove that
rot any one of the bruises on Lilian's
body or head especially could have caused
death, also that they might have been in
flicted at a period before death longer
than that between the time of death and
ATTORNEY BENNETT— With what kind of an instrument, in
your opinion, were these injuries inflicted on the head?
DR. S. H. BUTEAU— A smooth, yielding instrument. They could
not have been inflicted by a fall down stairs or in any other way.
ATTORNEY BENNETT— From the injuries apparent on the head
and body, do you think they were the cause of death?
BUTEAU— I do. At the post mortem examination there was
nothing to indicate anything else.
BENNETT— Did you examine the spinal cord? If not. why not?
BUTEAU— I was looking for the cause of death and found a good
cause for it.
BENNETT — If this instrument (holding up the loaded billy with
•which Brandes is supposed to have murdered his daughter), in the
hands of this muscular man (telling Brandes to arise, which he did),
while in a condition of rage, were brought down on the head of a
13-year-old child, would death not, in your opinion, be instantaneous?
BUTEAU — I don't think that he could have killed her instantane
ously if he had hit her on the head with an ax. It would not have
been instantaneous death. — From the CrflM-ezas^naCton of the Expert in
the Brandes Munler Tria .
the last time Brandos beat her. The at
torney showed considerable knov ledge of
surgery, and he and the expert Wil
conversed for five hours on the appear
ance of wounds, the formation of the
tables of the skull at different ages, of ex
terior and interior wounds and of the
cause of certain pathological conditions
which were found in the skull of the
murdered girl.
Dr. Buteau testified that he found two
wounds on the skull of which there was
no exterior indication. The attorney tried
to make the doctor say that such wounds
were the result of shock and not of blows,
hut Dr. Buti-au said that this theory could
not possibly account for the condition of
Lillian's head. "Either of the wounds
said the witness, "if they were neglected
might produce death. But neituer of
them would be considered fatal by a
physician who was called in to attend
them as soon as they were Inflicted."
The whole day vas taken up with the
cross-examination of Dr. Buteau. He
■was a very courteous and obliging wit
ness never seeming to be annoyed by the
almost Interminableness of questions, but
rather seaming to enter Into the interest
of the BUbject as though he were a witness
having B personal Interest in the case and
not merely an expert.
The testimony of Dr. Buteau will close
the prosecution, which has now con
pumed .i S ht days. The defense has not
vet indicated what witnesses it will bring
forward but from to-day's proceedings
It Is very evident that it Intends to rely
largely o*n argument for which the foun
dation has been laid In the cross-ex
amination of Dr. Buteau. Attorney Ben
nett's line of questioning showed that he
Js striving to make it appear that Lillian
Brandes may have fallen downstairs and
sustained a concussion that produced
death, and that the wounds found on her
are merely superficial, of uncertain, age.
and cannot be traced to the brutality of
her father.
BABY ENOS DRINKS
CARBOLIC ACID
DIED AFTER AN HOUR OF FEAR
FUL AGONY.
JThe Poison Found by the Little Fel
low in a Trunk While at
Play.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Dec. 13.
Little Baby Enos. two years of age.
drank carbolic acid this morning and an
hour later was a corpse.
The Enos family lives at 1658 Sixteenth
Btreet and the mother, according to her
Statement, always keeps a small supply
of family medicines in the house. They
are stored in a trunk, but it was not lock
ed, nobobdy anticipating that the child
•would discover it.
After breakfast the little boy was play
ing In the house and unnoticed he opened
the medicine box. Tie played for a while
with the bottles nnd finally took out a
vial of carbolic acid, the contents of
■which he drank. His scream^ attracted
the attention of his mother who at once
«aw what had been done and secured the
attendance of Dr. Huntington. The little
fellow's mouth nnd throat were severely
burned and much of the fluid had gone
into the stomach, the injuries belne so
virile that none of the remedies afforded
any relief and the little one died after an
hour of frightful suffering.
BIG BLAZE AT STJNOL.
Buildings Destroyed and Mrs. Ram
baud Has a Narrow Escape.
OAKLAND. Dec. 13.— At 5:30 o'clock this
morning Suno! was visited by a damaging
fire, which destroyed several buildings in
the center of town and almost resulted in
the loss of one life. . ;_
The blaze was lirst discovered in the
two-story frame building owned by A..
Rambaud. The lower portion of tlie build
ing is used as a saloon and the upper por
tion as a lodging house. Mrs. Rambaud's
rocm was on the second floor, and the
flames cut off every means of escape from
her room and she appeared at a window
screaming for help. Finally several men
secured a ladder and rescued the woman,
who was about overcome with smoke.
The building was a total loss, as were
also several houses adjoining. The origin
of the fire is unknown. An effort was
made to fight the flames, but no water
could be secured.
Tailor Jacobs Is Missing.
OAKLAND. Dec. 13.— D. Jacobs, a tailor
residing on Telegraph avenue, near Sev
enteenth street, with a shop in the Mac
donough block. baß«becaa missing for the
last two days. Mis whereabout* is un
known. This morning his wife reported
the matter to Chief of Police Fletcher.
Bhe stated that Jacobs had married her
only about six months ago, and left no
>arnir.g of his sudden departure.
ALL PARTIES
ARE LOADING
THEIR GUNS
Oakland Again in a
Sea of Politics.
POPULISTS GONE ASTRAY
MUNICIPAL LEAGUE ON A
BROADER BASIS.
Republicans to Decide Whether the
Convention Delegates Shall Be
Appointed or Elected at
Primaries.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, I
90S Broadway. Dec 13.
The opening of the city campaign by !
the Municipal League has stimulated
other parties to action, and on Thursday
evening the Republican City Central j
Committee will meet and discuss the ;
method of calling a convention.
George R. Williams, the chairman, has ,
called a meeting for Thursday evening.
Mr. Williams represents the Seventh ;
Ward, and he has been asked by the Sev- j
enth Ward Republican Club to use his in-
fluence toward having the delegates ap
pointed by a committee and not elected at
primaries.
"Both systems have their drawbacks
and can be abused," said Chairman Wil
liams. In holding primaries the principal
objection is that a great many people not
Republicans vote. In the system of ap
pointing delegates there is also much
room for abuse. The committee having
the power to appoint can name delegates
whom they know to be favorable to cer
tain candidates, and this abuse cannot be
avoided. It might be obviated to some
extent if the committee was chosen by
lot. Nothing has yet been done regarding
our city campaign, but we will get down
to business on Thursday. Personally, 1
am In favor of retaining good men In of
fice, regardless of their politics, so far as
municipal affairs go."
The Republican City Central Commit
tee is composed of George R. Williams,
president; M. D. Merritt, chairman;
George S. Meredith, C. 1.,. Wagner. E. N.
Lake, H. D. Carlton and Dan W. Doody.
The Municipal League has already in
dicated what its platform will be. It will
not only include a demand for honesty in
the city government but will advocate
permanent improvements and the acquisi
tion of parks. This Is a radical departure
from the principles of the league in the
past. Six years ago It was instrumental
in defeating park and boulevard bonds.
Two years ago it all but declared against
the policy of buying land for public parks.
Now It Is in favor of procuring public
parks provided this can De done without
a suspicion of a job by real estate men.
The People's party is without a head.
C. T. Johns is chairman of the City Cen
tral Committee, but he voted the Republi
can ticket at the last election, and when
asked to-day what part the party would
take next spring he said: "As tar as I
can see, the People's party is on the
wane. It has not lived up to its princi
ples. There are too many people in it as
In other parties who are looking for the
loaves and fishes and who take very little
interest in the party. 1 think now that
it will be the Republican party that will
work out the salvation of the country.
At first I thought it was to be the prov
ince of the People's party, because they
put up the best platform. But they have
not lived up to it. and I have renounced
it. I have not yet handed In my resigna
tion as chairman of the city committee,
but I voted for the Republicans at the
last election and I cannot tell what are
the prospects of the People's party."
A. T. Macdonough, chairman of the
Democratic City Central Committee, hat»
one conviction firmly enthroned in his
mind. There will be no fusion with the
Populists.
In discusßlng the matter this morning
Chairman Macdonough said, "We shall
probably meet early in January. We have
not yet "mapped out any particular line of
campaign, but I hardly think it neces
sary to say that there will be no fusion
and consequently less confusion. Al
though admitting that the State election
was rather disastrous from a Democratic
point of view, I consider it only one of
those upheavals which occur periodically
and which have the effect of stimulating
greater efforts in the future. The Demo
i cratic party proposes to put men on the
ticket in whom the people have con
fidence. Several names have already been
mentioned as possible candidates for
Mayor. Among these are Dr. A. Fine,
Seth Mann, chalrmaun of the State Cen
tral Committee; Ex-Mayor C. D. Piercfl
j and F. P. McFeely."
It is probable that the Municipal league
will nominate five of the present Council
men, vt*: Cuvellier. Girard, Rowe, Upton
and Pringle, and their candidate for May
or will either be John F. Towle. Giles H.
Gray. Arthur H. Breed or J. W. Nelson,
while Frank Mott may also be considered
in the race. As all these men are well
known Republicans, it is very evident that
the league intends to anticipate some of
the Republican nominations. Auditor
Snow would probably be nominated by
the league for Mayor if he would consent,
but it Is more than likely that when he
is nominated for Mayor he would prefer it
at the hsinds of a straight Republican
convention. John F. Towle was placed In
nomination for Mayor at the last Republi
can city convention and beaten by Mayoi
Thomas, and as he is an active member
of the league, it is apparent that he would
prefer the league to a party nomination.
"It was hoped that we could keep poll
tics out of our minds until after Christ
mas." said a politician to-day, "but it
was impossible and Oakland is again Ir
her element."
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND. Dec. 13— Laura Isabelle
Jacobsen to-day filed suit for a divorce
from Richard Enrich Jacobsen.
Peter Farrell, deputy poundmaster, who
was convicted two weeks ago on a charge
of battering a small boy from whom he
was trying to snatch a dog, again bagged
off to-day in the Police Court and had
the time of fixing his sentence continued
until December 30.
Mary Petermann, declared incompetent
on September 19, 1897, to-day petitioned
for restoration to capacity.
King Wells, aged 21 years, waa arrested
THE SAl* FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1898.
for Insanity at his home, 1718 Seventh
street, tonight. He is detained at the Re
ceiving Hospital and will be examined by
the Commissioners of Lunacy to-morrow.
■ * ■
EBELL REUNION.
Celebrates Its Twenty-Second Anni
versary.
OAKLAND, Dec. 13.— The twenty-sec
ond anniversary of the founding of the
Ebell Club was celebrated this after
noon at the clubrooms. A hundred and
fifty ladies were at the luncheon and the
entertainment that followed.
Mrs. R. P. Gleason was toastmistress,
and was introduced by the president, Mrs.
A. W. Bishop. Among the speakers were
Mrs. P. B. Sanborn of the Sorosis Club,
Mrs. P. W. T. Brown and Miss Horton,
former presidents of the ETbell; Miss Mary
Lambert, Mrs. Blake-Alversnn. Mrs.
Halght of the Town and Gown Club, Mrs.
Dunne of the Forum. Mrs. Tisdale of tne
Adelphian. and Mrs. Burrell. The' rooms
were decorated with palms and ferns,
and the table was decorated with pink
geraniums. The speeches and songs were
well received, and the occasion was a
marked social success.
Finally Secures a Divorce.
OAKLAND, Dec. 13.— Mrs. Louisa Ma
li ngren has been granted a divorce from
Handy Malingren, who has been serving
sentence at San Quentin on a charge or
bicycle stealing. Twice before she sought
a legal separation on the gTOiind of deser
tion and failure to provide, but on these
occasions it was denied because defendant
was in jail. The divorce to-day was grant
ed on the ground of defendant having
been convicted of a felony. Plaintiff, who
resides in Alumeda, was allowed to re
sume her maiden name, Ixiuisa Cruz.
Mrs. Edgar Passes Away.
BERKELEY. Dec. 13.— Mrs. Ann Jane
! Edgar, the wife of Archibald Edgar, died
In Berkeley this afternoon, aged 65 years.
• She was the mother of Robert, William,
, Arthur and Samuel Edgar and of Mrs.
j John Stutt. all of whom are well known
! here. The funeral will be held at 1 o'clock
! next Thursday afternoon from the resl
; dence of John Stutt, corner of Kearny
j and Etna streets.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. Dec. 13.— Professors R. H.
i Langbridge and D. T. Fowler of the agri
cultural deuartment of the University of
California left to-day for Guinda, Yolo
! County, where they will conduct a farm
| ers' institute Wednesday and Thursday.
Gerhard Wandering of 1911 Addison
' street, who was blown over and severely
injured at Shattuck avenue and Addison
: street during the heavy windstorm last
, Saturday. Is recovering slowly. Dr. P.
■ Edson Kelsey, who has the case in
< charge, expects his patient to be entirely
I recovered after three or four weeks.
Steps are being taken to organize a
■ presrs club among the students of the
t Berkeley High School. At a meeting yes
i terday F. R. Warnick, T. R. Hanna "and
I H. L. Dungan were appointed as a com-
I mittee to draft a constitution. L. C. Duff
! acted as chairman of the meeting.
Bargains in children's books, games and
dolls on second floor at Sanborn & Vail.*
A WOMAN SPRINGS
FROft/l THE FERRY DECK
Mystery of the Steamer Garden City
During a Night Trip to
Alameda.
Shortly after the ferry-boat Garden
City left the dock on her 10:15 o-'clock
trip to Alameda. a gentleman standing
in the forward part of the boat noticed
a woman acting rather strangely in the
saloon. He turned toward her. but as
he did so she ran out hurriedly past
him. He heard a splash and a cry,
and, looking out, saw an arm stretched
out above the water, and the cry, this
time muffled, was repeated. He at
once gave the alarm, the engines were
stopped, boats lowered' and a thorough
search made, but no trace of the woman
could be found. The only clew to her
identity is an umbrella left in the sa
loon. It is an ordinary black umbrella,
with a handle shaped like a shepherd's
crook.
■ ♦ ■ —
LADY GOLF PLAYERS.
Foursomes and Driving Competition
on th' 3 Links of the San
Francisco Club.
The ladles' foursomes and the ladles'
driving competition that were on the pro
gramme of the San Francisco Golf Club
for Friday morning, December 9, were de
ferred on account of the violent northerly
gale blowing on that day. On Monday
morning eight ladies entered the competi
tion on the Presidio links. Miss Ella W.
Morgan and Miss Alice Hager beat Miss
E. Carolan and Mrs. Clinton E. Worden,
the winners being 2 up. Miss C. Tav.or and
Miss G. Carolan defeated Miss E. "Wood
and Miss C. Crockett; the winners being
6 up. The winners of the first foursome
should have played 9 holes "against the
winners of the 'second foursome, but time
or other engagements not permitting
this. Miss C. Taylor and Miss G. Carolan
were declared winners of the ladies' four
somes.
The following ladies entered for the
driving competition: Miss E. W. Morgan,
Miss Alice Hager, Miss E. Carolan, Miss
C. Taylor, Miss C. Crockett, Miss G. Car
olan and Mrs. C E. Worden. - ; Miss C.
Crockett was declared the winner with
a drive of 160 yards.
The men's driving compeition : set down
on the programme -of the > San Francisco
Golf Club for Saturday, December 17, has
been .postponed, as on that day the team
of the Oakland Gold Club will visit the
Presidio links to play 1 the second half
of the. game begun on the Oakland links
on Saturday, the 10th inst. The games
of December JO and 1" will be counted as
one contest in the home-and-home compe
tition between the Oakland and San Fran
cisco players. The second double-barrel
ed contest will take ; place in the spring
of next year. - • '
On the 10th inst. there were not many
players out on the Presidio. links. H. B.
Goodwin made two. rounds in 51, 49; and
A. B. Watson one In 60. On December. 11
T. Binney made two rounds in 57. 55; and
C. F. Mumns went round twice in 59, 57. .
■ -■. ■■: . . ■ m f .
Dockery Again on a Raid.
Dockery, the terrible, accompanied by
his sturdy henchman, Ben Davis, was on
the warpath again last night. During the
early part of the evening he stopped for
ty-three milk wagons and took samples.
At North Beach he encountered two loads
which contained milk so badly adulter
ated that he dumped the contents in the
gutters and arrested the drivers of the
wagons. The men were locked up at the
»
THE THEATER WALL FALLING
LUCKY Baldwin is keeping pood his promise, and the smoke be
grimed monument of his former glory, the shrine of his early
pride, as It were, is beginning to totter in earnest. The walls that
he reared and which since the fire have been a menace to the public
safety are being rapidly leveled to the ground. Yesterday at 1:25 o'clock
the large middle wall that separated the hotel proper from the theater
was pulled down. During- the leveling of this wall all traffic on Market and
Powell streets was stopped for fear that some one might be injured by the
falling debris. Sergeant Donovan with a squad of police kept the streets
cleared and prevented the curious public from approaching too near to the
building. For a while the cars were not allowed to pass the ruins of the
hotel, and all vehicles were turned back or else held in check by the police.
It was generally known that an attempt would be made at 1 o'clock to
tear down this middle wall, and the streets »vere crowded with people.
Nearly every window in the Emporium was filled with occupants, while
the tops of the buildings along Powell and Ellis streets were black with
people who were anxious to see the monument of brick and mortar
brought to terra firma.
The wall in question was about ninety feet in height. It intersected
the main wall of the hotel that ran parallel to Powell street at a point
about midway of the hotel. At the point and top of where tlie two walls
intersected was the huge 100,000 gallon water tank. A steel cable was
passed through one of the top windows in the wall and this was connected
with a windlass on the top of the annex of the hotel. The cable was got
through the window by the means of a life-saving gun. First a small rope
w;is fired through the window, and this was attached to the cable, which
was thus pulled through. It took very little power to start the wall, and
when it began to fall it broke in the middle and came down with a crash.
A blinding cloud of brick and mortar dust followed the collapse of the wall,
which was successfully thrown without hurting any one. Baldwin hopes
to have all of the walls down by the end of the week.
THE DEATH OF
H, C, SUKEFORTH
YET A MYSTERY
Must Remain a Matter
of Conjecture.
NO TRACE OF POISON FOUND
PHYSICIANS PUT FORWARD AN
EXPLANATION.
But. Nothing Positive Shown As to
How the Young University
Student's Life Was
Ended.
BERKELEY, Dec. 13.— There is still a
cloud of mystery hanging over the death
of Harold C. Sukeforth, the youngr uni
versity student who was found lifeless in
his room at 1404 Henry Btreet yesterday
morning. Although the Coroner's Inquest
Is over, and all legal Inquiry thereby at
an end, there is still much about the case
that Is unsatisfactory and for which no
adequate explanation can be given.
The conclusion reached to-day by Drs.
Woolsey, Hoagland and Kelsey, the phy
sicians conducting the autopsy, was to
the effect that the young man's death was
not due to poison. No traces of any deadly
drug could be found In the contents of
the stomach, which had been subjected to
a rigid chemical test. No trace, more
over, of any poisonous substance could b
found in any part of the body. All theo
ries of suicide connected with poisoning
were therefore set aside, and no furthe
attempt will be made to exploit the cas
in that direction. It was completely dls
carded at the Inquest held to-night*
A second autopsy this afternoon cover
Ing practically the ground gone over yes
terday, conlirmed the report that the or
gans of the body were in no abnorma
condition. The suggestion at first offerer
that Sukeforth was addicted to an exces
sive use of tobacco finds but littl
substantiation in the post mortem con
elusions of the physicians. While th
heart was found to be rather large and in
a somewhat flabby state, this condition, i
California-street station, where they pave
their names as J. Brennan and Zeno
Gworder. Samples of milk have been
I taken from eighty hotels, saloons, gro
; cerie-s and restaurants, and it was found
! that the milk was below the standard in
forty-two out of the eighty.
Contracts Awarded.
Th t e Fire and Police Committee of the
Board of Supervisors yesterday accepted
the Goodyear Rubber Company's bid of
$1990 for a combination chemical engine
and hose wagon.
The Orpheum Company was granted
permission to swing an electric sign from
the front of the Orpheum building on
U'Farrell streer.
W. T. Garratt & Co. were awarded the
contract to furnish two monitor batteries
at a cost of $1790.
The contract to build a fire engine house
at the corner of Tenth avenue and J
street was let to J. Sheibley, who bid
$5700.
The committee reported favorably a
petition of the Fire Department to have
forty new fire plugs placed in the district
bounded by Larkin, Suiter, Market and
Powell.
W. B. Hayward's Baby.
When the cases of "W. B. Hay ward, the
father of the dead baby that was dis
covered among the refuse at the Crem
atory, and Antone Brignolo and G. Rosso,
the two scavengers who took the baby to
the Crematory, were called in Judge Mo
gan s court yesterday, their attorneys
raised the point that there was no at
tempt to intpr the body outside a ceme
tery as required by the Penal Code It
was argued that a crematory was not a
cemetery within the nu'anio'g of the law.
The Judge said he would consider the
point and give his derision to-day.
Bankrupt Mechanics.
Ray C. Hopkins, a mechanic working
In the railroad shops in Sacramento, filed
a petition yesterday in insolvency In the
United States Court. His liabilities are
$967 85 and his assets $138 50. J. F. Love
land, a mechanic working in the railroad
shops in Oakland, tiled a petition also.
His liabilities are $615 50 and his assets
$145, wages due him from the company,
and which he claims Is exempt because
necessary for the maintenance of his
family.
Fell Dead at His Doorstep.
William A. Nichols, a carpenter, 4S
years of age, residing at 1515% Mission
street, died at his home last evening, pre
sumably from heart disease. His brother,
with whom he lived, says that Nichols
was going up the steps to the house when
he seemed to be taken with a fainting fit.
He fell down the stairs, and when picked
up was dead. He had been troubled with
his heart for some time.
More' Cigars on the Curacao.
Customs inspectors made another
seizure on the Curacao yesterday morn-
Ing: of 1425 cigars. On the day pre
vious 4500 cigars were seized. It has
been the practice for the Curacao on her
way up from Mexico to stop at San Diego
and Redondo. On the present trip the
Curacao did not stop at these ports, and
thereiore there was no opportunity to
land the smuggled cigars. .
Railroad Men Deny a Report.
Third Vice-President J. C. Stubhs of the
Southern Pacific, when seen yesterday
afternoon and asked if there was any
truth in the report that the Southern Pa
cific was trying: to purchase the Virginia
and Truckeo and Carson and Colorado
Railroads, replied that there was not.
The rumor Is also denied by D. O. Mills,
who practically controls the" roads.
Is said, need not necessarily have resulted
from the effects of smoking, but was
probably due to other causes. Many of
the young man's friends now deny that he
smoked excessively, although there are
several who still maintain to the contrary.
It was agreed by all the doctors that to
bacco alone could not have caused his
death.
It was also brought out by the testi
mony of witnesses that Sukeforth was
never In the habit of using drugs, that
nothing Is known of his having gone to a
drug store to purchase them, nor have
any of his friends given him any at
any time. It was further shown that no
bottles or traces of a drug of any kind
could be found in the room or about the
young man's clothes. Thus, while this
theory will be generally accepted, the na
ture of the drug and the manner of ob
taining it can only be matters of conjec
ture. And the mystery of the young
student's early death can never, there-
Jectu anvtnln & more than mere con
♦ u The Coroner's jury, after listening to
the evidence offered, returned a verdict
that death was due to some cause or
causes unknown.
The junior class of the university, of
which Sukeforth was a member, passed
resolutions of respect and esteem.
\\. H. Sukeforth, the boy's father ar
rived in Berkeley at a late hour last
night. He left with the remains this
evening for his home in Nevada City
where the Interment will take place
FOUND A SCORE
OF SKELETONS
STRANGE DISCOVERY OF OFFI-
CER KAMP.
Unearthed the Bones of Ancient In
dian Warriors While Hunting
in Contra Costa Marshes.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 13.— Police Officer Al-
I bert Kamp of this city unearthed a num
j her of Indian relics and a score of skele
tons of ancient warriors while on a hunt
ing trip yesterday near Brentwood. Con
tra Costa County. In traveling through
the tules he came across a sand mound
about three feet high and six feet square
at the base. Noticing several human
bones protruding from the mound he
scraped away the sand and unearthed a
pile of skeletons. They were placed one
on the other without any pretext to ar
rangement.
"There must have been at least twenty
i skeletons,' said Mr. Kamp, to-day, "and
the bones were all in a perfect stat« nt
preservation. One peculiarity about the
nkulls was that nearly all of them bore
I evidence of having been crushed with a
I tomahawk or some other sharp lnstru
' merit."
In his investigations Mr. Kamp found
I several tools, used by the aborigines,
; which they made from elk horns. He
j learned that there is a tradition around
Brentwood that the Indians who once
dwelt there fought a bloody battle in the
vicinity years before the white men set
tled in the country. The mound discov-
I ered by Mr. Kamp is supposed to be the
I burial place of the sialn, although its ex
| istence was not known to the oldest in
| habitant of that section of Contra Costa
I county. Mr. Kamp brought home a per
: feet skull and cro.ssbones and several elk
; horn bodkins, which the Indians used in
sewing. The re! lea will be presented to
Senator E. K. Taylor.
Arson to Hide Another Crime.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 13.— A barn at 3014 En
cinal avenue, belonging to Senator E. K.
Taylor, was burned to the- ground yes
terday and there is now a strong sus
i nicion that some one committed arson to
i hide a crime. Lord Alfred Scott, a mem
ber of the British nobility who has been
residing in this city, stored a valuable
carriage and harness in the building.
Just before the fire Sunday a young man
was seen running away from the stable
carrying the harnrss. A few moments
later the structure burst into flames.
Lord Scott stated to a Call reporter to
day that he has evidence that the barn
was robbed of Its contents and then fired
to conceal the crime.
To Be a Doctor of Philosophy.
BERKELEY, Dec. 13.— Miss Millicent
"W. Shinn, who graduated from the Uni
versity of California in 18S0 in the college
of letters, will soon add to her degree of
A. B. the degree of doctor of philosophy.
Miss Shinn will be given a public exam
ination next Friday afternoon by a com
mittee composed of several of the pro
fessors of the Berkeley faculty. If suc
cessful her new honor will be conferred
at the commencement exercises of the
university, to be held at the close of the
present academic year. Miss Shinn is
well known as a writer on pedagogy, her
principul contributions being on the sub
ject of child study.
HOTEL ARBIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
H W Strader. Sacto P C Moaf. Stockton
A L Chambers. S Jose L O Henderson, Carson
G M Antrim, fc) Jose |G W Smith, Or
V W Gaskell, Jackson W F Price. S Rosa
H S Shenanl, Liverpool F Cox, Sacto
C E Mayfleld, Suisun Mrs E Clack. Oroville
W 8 Coulter. Healdsbg .1 Reams & w. Stktn
T S Menihan, Healdsb'C F Bryant, Cal
R W McLeun, Portland j Miss E Bryant, Cal
M C Beem. Fort Jones t' P Fry & w, Yreka
W McKee & w, Ala 1 H Browning, Grandl
L Emery Jr, Pa Mrs J T McJenklns,
D O Harrplson & w. Hanford
Visalia F T McJenktns. Cal
W P Mathews Sacto \V C Waters, Cal
W F Maggard, Sacto |D Pattern, Xapa
J H Beecher. Anderson a. C O'Neall & w,
A I^nthrop, Car Carthage
L O Mayer. Ohio M C Marsh. L Ang
Mrs W M Williamson G D Roberts, L Ang
& ehiU. tacto ,M Goldsmith. Stockton
W M Vanderr.urst. Cal L O Stephens, Fresno
B Davis, Suit Lake E G Laisy & w, Fresno
Mrs Lea. Cal ID D Ollphant, Portlnd
May Beecher. Cal I
PALACE HOTEL.
W Rooke. NY i.T L Illoway, N V
J J Grace. Hawaii IB F Bush. Roslyn
W Koller, Berlin |\v E Drake, Vancouvr
G Huser, Cologne |8 Wormser, Pa
\V H Cheppn. NY ,M A Myers, Chicago
A B Wood. Detroit |Dr McChesney&w, Mo
3 F Haley, Eureka jT Wymonde, London
M Shlmose, Japan |fc N Ruc-ker, S Jose"
R J Collins, St Louis 'Mrs McNelll S Cruz
C A Tilles, St Louis IE R Kwleutllnger. Pa
O J Smith & w. Reno J O Pecklands. Ohio
W G Ebbs. N V !Mrs Goodman. Ohio
T Couch. Montana -Mrs Overhaltzer. B C
E S Hall. Tacoma jo E Never, P Robles
W E ilothery. Everett Ie H Parent, Phila
T Couch Jr. Montana Mrs Cutts, Mare Isld
J Adamson, London T Hill, Yosemite
J S Childs. Cal IW S Hill, Yosemite
XEW WESTERX HOTEL.
G Henderson, Phila I Miss Howard, Vallejo
MiBS Henderson. Phlla|H M Beattle, Seattle
W E Falrchild, S OruzjW A Klkin, Seattle
V H Schafer. Gilroy E C Boutelle, Seattle
Mrs Brown. S Jose E Marriott, Seattle
Miss A Perry, Ind P Conway, !»or"and
Mrs Perry, Ind J B Ress, Seat ft
Miss C Perry. Ind G Cooper, Fresn"
W J Anderson, Phila IJ H Barton, fa I
F Estrada, L Ang 1R Husband, Oroville
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS. I
San Francisco Savings Union to Thomas Grant
AY van, commencing 85 W of Valencia street
and 160 S of Twenty-third, S 40, W 77:6, N 40 31
E 72:6; $2600. '
Jacob and Lina Heyman to Man' J. Otter,
lot on X line of Elizabeth street, 350 W of
Hoffman avenue (Ellen), W 25 by N 114, lot 211
llpyman Tract ; $10.
Behrend Jonst to Margaret A. Murphy, lot
25, block 11, Flint Tract Homestead Associa
tion; $10.
Alphonse and Marie Soulages to Martin O
Farrier, lot on W line of Kennebec (Sullivan)
street, 225 S of Jefferson, S 25 by W 70, lot 476
Gift Map 2; $10.
Marion O. and Emily J. Farrier to Marie
Soulage3 (wife of Alphonse), lot on W line of
Moaltrle (Minot) street, 375 S of Eugenia W
B. S 93, SK 35. NTN T 95, lots 207. 212 and 213. Gift
Map 1; $10.
Louisa and Samuel McGlbben to Frank L
Gilbert, lot on S line of Sixth avenue, 105 E
of X street, E 125 by 8 100, lot 233. block 120
Central Park Homestead; $10.
Frank L. Gilbert to F. Tillman Jr., same; $10
Alameda County.
Josiah K. and Lydla A. Miller to Lorenzo
Welch, lot on H line of Charter or Twenty
second street, 588:1 X of San Pablo avenue F
50 by X 129:4^. being lot 41. Tuttle Homestead
Tract. Oakland; $10.
L. S. B. Sawyer to Meredith Sawyer, lot on
X corner of Ohio and Cottage streets XW Ufl
NE 100, SE 50, NE MO, N\V 100. XX 50 SE WO*
SW 60. SW 100, SW 300 to beginning. Oakland'
olso lot on S corner of Ohio and Prince streets'
SW 153:9, SE 60:1, XE 153:9, N\V to beginning"
Oakland; also lot on SE line of Ohio street, 106
SW from the corner formed by S corper of
Chambers and Ohio streets, thence SW 100
thence at right angles 90 SE to center of smali
creek or pulch. thence X to a point at right
angles to point of beginning, thence XW 50 feet
to beginning. ORkland: al?n lot on W line of
Erie street. 100 X of Cottage. W 100 by X 100
ail being known as lots 74, 92, 33, 91. 90, S9 88
and 79. block 4. and lots 90 and 100. block 5
and lots 69 and 70 block 3, map of lands of
Oakland Prospect Homestead Association Oak
land: $1000.
Charles B^abb to George B. M. Gray, lots 25
and 26, block G, map of GaskiU Addition to
Parsons' Golden Gate Tract, Oakland Annex,
quitclaim deed; $10. . , t
Thomas P. Harden to Rowena R. Harden. iot
on N line of Felton street, 150 E of Lowell, i.
2.'. by N 132:6, being lot 42, block 33, resubdi
vlslo'n of Smith's subdivision Mathers Iract,
Berkeley; $110. T »
Joseph and Juana H. Nevis to Maria de imz
Amarantes (Wife of M. M.). lot on E line or
Harrison avenue, 200 S of Angela street, b w
by E 150, being lot S3. Nevis Tract. Town ot
Pleasanton. Murray Township; $^0.
E. B. and Cornelia French to R. S. Farrelly.
lots 1 and 2 of NW Vi section 7. township o » ;
range 3 E, except 40 acres in square form in St.
Vi of said section, to correct 673 d 226, Murray
Township; grant.
Builders' Contracts.
V. Simi (owner) with A. Garcia and J. Pe
carich (contractors), architects Martens &
Coftey. All work except mantels gas fixtures
and shades for a 2-story frame building with
brick foundation and stable in rear on lot on
N line of Waller street, 221:3 W of Octavia,
W ES by N 137:6; $3445.
Patrick Barron (owner* with William &
Henry White (contractors), architect R. H.
White. Excavating, brick and carpenter work,
plastering, tinning, jjlazlng, iron work and
hardware for a 2 -story and rough basement
frame building on lot on S line of Haie;ht
street. 12. E of Webster. E 25 by S 120, Western
Addition -290; $6463.
LATE SHIPPING INTELILGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
MOVlLLE— Arrived Dec 13— Stmr Fumessla,
from New York for Glasgow and proceeded.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 13— Stmr Fries
land, from Antwerp.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Dec 13— Stmr St
Louis, from New York.
SAN FRA>CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the '•ear.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
2F7 Hayes street; open until T:3O o'clock.
C2l McAllister street; t'pen until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
unttl 8 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2620 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
Ftreets; ripen until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44. F. and •
A. M.— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _J\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- Tk3T
grpe. THEO. FROLICH. Secretary. /▼
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. IG6, F. and A. m
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEHXES- A.
■ DAY) EVENING Dec. 14, at 7:3'.ilE2r
o'clock. First decree. /^r '
THEO. E. . SMITH, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— ■
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) A.
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third di- IT jf
gree. C. D. BUNKER, Secretary. /V'
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. •"""
Third degree THIS (WEDNES- J^
DAY) EVENING, December 14 at ;::iYV
o'clock. By order of the W. M. ,- /*w\
' A. FORTRIEDE, Secretary.
BAY CITY Lodge No. 117, K. of P.. it-
223 Sutter St.— rank of Knight -. TRI
(long form) will be conferred s**CfcL.
WEDNESDAY, Dec. 14. 1898, at S tfJajpS
o'clock p. m. Visiting and brother Knignta
are cordially invited to attend.
CHARLES C. MORRIS, K. of R. & S.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF SAN
FRANCISCO, Cal., will be held at its barr-
ing house. No. 301 Montgomery st.. San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, January 10, 1899,
at 3:15 o'clock p. m., for the election of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of sach other business as may
come before the meeting.
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
• San Francisco. December 9. 183S.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections rnadeT
city or country. PACIFIC • COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., rooms 0-10: tel. 6580.
ROOMS papered from " $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 341 3d at.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 62 (50 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office of
the company, 327 Market st., . on and after
Tuesday, Dec. ■ 20, losw. •■ Transfer books will
close on Wednesday Dec. 14, 1898, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
| SITUATIONS 'WANTED— FEMALE!
COMPETENT colored ; girl - desires situation as
cook or houseworker; $15 to $20; references.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT second girl desires situation;
good waitress; 6. years last place"; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS cook, | best of references, de-
sires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st. / ' - . *
WANTED, by middle-aged ■ Swedish woman,
good plain cooking, small lamily, .or cham-
ber work; no washing. Address 5358 Natoma
st. ; no postals answered.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation to do
general housework in American family; good
cook; city. or Oakland; wages moderate. Box
740, Call. •
COMPETENT young woman wants housework;
Is a good plain cook; wages $15; city or coun-
try. Address box 706. Call.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes work at house-
• cleaning by the day; terms $1 and car fare.
Call or address 248 Fourth st., room 6. .;
WOMAN wants work by the day washing,
ironing or housecleanlng. Please call or ad-
dress 20S Shipley st. / .:
YOUNG lady would like position as companion
to lady or assist morning and evening for
room and board. " Address box 450, . Call. .
WANTED- Work in office by young lady; good
penman;, can typewrite; experience more an
, object than high wages. Add. box 549, Call..
RESPECTABLE Swedish girl, wishes a situa-
tion to do chamberwork in hotel. Apply 48
Fourth Bt. -.-■- -■■_ - > • .■- -, '. ' ---■
GERMAN woman, wants | a place in lunch
house or restaurant to work over lunch hours.
Call or address 7814 Clementina st. ■
WOMAN wishes to do general housework; city
or country. 608 Shotwell st.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation in pri-
vate family; would do general housework In
small family. . 227 Hayes st.
YOUNG German woman wishes situation as
housekeeper.. 28 Randall place, off Sixteenth
- near Valencia. , ;.•■_. "
WANTED— By a strong girl, a place for gen-
eral housework. Apply 324 Minna st. ,fi
WANTED— Position as correspondent, com-
panion, nursery governess or nurse by lady
of . coed education and ability; formerly a
teacher; also stenographer; would like to
travel; references exchanged. Address box
-*-. sv4* Chi 1. - ■ . - . f . - - i'. '■.*. *
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a situation to
do upstairs worrk or light housework;- will-
ing and obliging; good references; prefers to
bleep at home. ; Box 749, Call.
PIANIST wishes dates for entertainments
dancing parties; pupils; terms reasonable
\ Box 344. .■-*. , -;• :■ , .;;.- 1 •■;:, .-; ■ , .-.:..-.-. ..,. ,i
SITUATION wanted by respectable woman as
nurse;- would "assist with sewing, or upstairs
work; good reference. 587 O'Farrell St.-
GOVERNESS wishes : to v *ive~~ afternoon or
evening lessons in 'English, French (Pa-
risian), German, music, singing; or would'
tak« young ■ children; first-class references
Box 506, Call. ■ .'-'■ '• .-■-■- .- ■'■■ ■ •■■■.'■''
WANTED— by " competent. experi-
j enced stenographer. Address box 504. Call. v > '■'.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for lieht housework
or to take care. of -1 or. 2 children. Call Tues-
; day ' at- 2617 Sacramento st.
STYLISH dressmaker wishes a few ■ more > en-
gagements ; ' good cutting r and \ fit. 116 Welsh.
AMERICAN girl wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework. Call.at; 221 A Twelfth;' st.
WOMAN who can do any kind of ■ work wishes
engagement. 5 Fourth st.; ring bell. ■;:
STONG girt wishes work by the day; plain
washing, : housecleanlng. . etc. 1331 : Fulton st.
DRESS and cloak maker, . perfect fitter, wants
engagements; $1 25 day. . 402 Mason st. ~ - : : ?,- <
GIRL", wishes ■ situation to do general house-
: work. Call at 1212 Scott st. - ... r^ : . :; ...rV.-
WANTED— By middle-aged woman, position as
..-, ■seamstress : with •■ dressmaker; would be gener-
ally useful ; . small remuneration. / "-e«s for
one week, box 426. • Call. , :.; ■ . ■ -
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
FOR good | cooks,' stewards, waiters, • dishwash-
; .era or any other ..hotel i or . restaurant help
send orders to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S
Sacramento st.
J help. QEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE \ and ; Japanese f Employment Office ;
A best help. 414VJ. ; O'Farrell ; st. ; tel. East \ 42«.
FIRST-CLASS coachman wishes situation;
good driver; sober and reliable; can furnish
first-class city references. Address G F
WILSON. 44 Third st.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by young man of 24-
speaks German. English and Spanish; honest
a,nd willing. Box 741. Call office.
POSITION by a first-class coachman; best of
reference. Box 742, Call.
FJRST-CLASS ornamentor and cake baker
wishes situation; 480 Jessie,
SITUATIONS WANTED— Con tinned.
COMPETENT machinist with mining experi-
ence, sober and reliable, would hear from
party In need of his services. E. N., 330 6th.
YOUNG man desires position as driver' of
bakery wagon; best of city references. Call
or address SO2 Larkln st.
BOOKKEEPER open for engagement at once;
AI references. E. H. M., 947 Poplar St., Oak-
land.
EXPERIENCED German gardener and coach-
man, age 33. desires situation; city or coun-
try. Address box 501, Call.
YOUNG man desires situation in office; thor-
ough knowledge of English and Spanish; also
of bookkeeping. Box 5C5. Call office.
YOUNG man will work for his board; even-
Ings or part of day. Box 747.
GERMAN cook and baker wants situation for
hotel, boarding house or restaurant. Please
call 217 Second st.
STEADY married man wishes position around
private place; understands care of garden,
etc.; reference. 1715 Stockton st.
CHINESE; experienced cook and good laun-
dryman, wants place in family. W. H., 100i
Stockton st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third Ft., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $150 to $1
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
8 WAITRESSES, city and country. J2O; 4 res-
taurant waitresses, $5 and $6; 2 cooks, small
boarding house. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
SCANDINAVIAN cook and second girl for
small family, $50; housegirl, small family,
$25; cook, 4 in family, $25; girl, Berkeley. $20,
see party here; French second girl, country,
$2r>; French housegirl, $20; girl, Sonora, $20,
fare paid; neat young house girl, 2 in fam-
ily, $15; and many more, $15 to $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary 3t.
COLORED girl. $15. MISS VrULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
GERMAN or Swedish cook, $35; no wash.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
RANCH cook. $20; fare paid. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.
WAITRESS, Benlcia, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, country, $M per
month ; fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
W< )MAN with a child. $10. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
NEAT girl nurse, $10. MISS CULLEN, 325
Gutter st.
GIRL for housework, 2 in family, sleep home.
$20; 3 cooks, $25; waitress and parlor maid,
$20; German maid and sewing, $20; nurse, $15;
and a great many girls for cooking and
housework In city and country. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WAITRESS for mining camp, $20, see party
here at 12; 3 waitresses in hotels and restau-
rant, $20 and $5 week: cook, lunch house. $20,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter rt.
PROTESTANT nurse. $25; and a large number
of girls to fill situations in city and country,
too numerous to advertise. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 316 Sutter st.
COOK, $25. no washing; 2 second girls, $20 and
$22: middle-aged woman for housework, short
distance, $20; house girl, San Jose, $25: nurs»
and second girl, country, see party here 2
o'clock, S2O; and a number of house girls,
$2", and $20. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
RANCH cook, $20, fare paid; German cham-
bermaid. $20; Birls for housework, country
places, $20. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
KITCHEN girl for small country hotel. $20
and free fare. R. T. WARD & CO., 608-610
Clay st.
WAITRESS, country hotel, $20. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
LADIES to embroider; good-paying easy work
sent to your home; addressed envelope for
sample and materials. Empire Embroidery
Works, 23 Duane St.. New York City.
REBPKCTABLE Protestant girl for housework
and plain cooking; family of four; $15. 902
Greenwich stroet^
GIRL for general housework: good cook; small
family. Call to-day. 1117 Green, near Hyde.
YOUNG girl, plain cook, willing to learn; $20.
Call 1601 Scott, cor. Post, between 10 and 4.
GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply
2228 Clay st., corner Buchanan.
NEAT girl for general housework: small fam-
ily; $10. 1736 Eddy St.
GIRL for general housework in a small fam-
ily. 2115 Broderick St..
YOUNG girl for general housework. 11M
Ifaicht st.
FINISHERS wanted on coats. 251 Eighth st.,
Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS girl to work on coats. 103«
Howard st.
YOUNG man would like to correspond with a
lady cook; object work. Box 744. Call.
GERMAN girl, bet. 14 and 15, to mind baby;
wages $8. 317 Hayes street.
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
ing. 213 Broderiok street.
STRONG, willing girl; housework and assist
cooking; $12. 2162 Golden Gate avenue.
WANTED— Two waist finishers. 2 skirt finish-
ers. 3 apprentice girl?. Apply from 8 a. m.
to 5 p. m. at 252H Fourth street.
WANTED— A girl to cook and assist In house-
work: $15 per month. Call at 21*. Hayes st.
TAILORESS and apprentices; good wages;
steady custom work. 206 Minna st. y
GIRL to learn hair-dressing and manicuring.
MME. DELLA FAUST, 240 Stockton near
Post street.
APPRENTICE on tailoring; paid while learn-
ing. 803 Montgomery St.. room 10.
WANTED — Young girls to learn finishing;
pants. 560 Fourth St., near Brannan.
WANTED— Good, steady finishers on pants.
560 Fourth St., near Brannan.
YOUNG girl for light housework; $8. 1198
Treat ave.. corner Twenty-flfth st.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER TAILORING
COLLEGE; lessons $1 per week. 426 Geary.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns, 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
HELP \\ AM til)- >IAI.i:.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Tel. Grant 185
1500 railroad laborers for
Skaguay, fare reduced to
$12 50 Skaguay $12 50
Sub-contracts and station work, both rock
and earth, $1 . to $1 50 a yard for rock. 25c to
35c a yard for earth; day laborers average 8
hours at "'3oc and 35c. Further particulars
and tickets at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 104
Geary st.
TOUNG man with some previous experience
for a- grocery store, $13 to $2ft anJ found;
baker, city, $8 a week and found; 2 cooks,
$30; elevator boy, $4 a week; German black-
smith's helper for a ranch. $2"i and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Former head waiter of Hotel Ven-
dome. Han Jose. Apply C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
Wantkp First-i'iass head waiter; g I refer-
ences nuuired. Apply C. R. HANSE.V & CO..
104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY 'Phone Main 584S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want to-day
50 woodchoppera $150 and $1 cord
SO tie makers Sc, 9c and 12c each
5 pranite block makers 3 slate splitter*
Farmer an.l wife for orchard.. s4o and found
Boy for blacksmith shop $4 week
2 dishwashers $15 and found
4 waiters $30, $25, $13 and found
MURRAY >v READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
C00K5. .......-• . .bakers candymakers
Chef cook, see boss here.:... $65 and found
9 cooks, different places, $60. $40 and $30 and
found • • — •
Camly maker. .:: country shop. $45 and
•■ found"" 3 bakers, country Jobs, $33 and found:
elevator boy. city Job, $1 week. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay- st. .
WANTED— Quarts miners, $2 50 day: machin-
ists for country; elevator boy, $4 week; cooks,
waiters and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento Bt.
MAN work about place, $20 and found. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
BOY 16 or 18 years of age to make himself use-
ful in a store: references required; chance for
advancement. Call between 11 and 12 a. m
4 Sixth st.
WANTED— A blacksmith for a ship at HER^
MAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— RetaiI clothing salesman. Apply
121 Sansome st., 9 to 10 a. m.
WANTED— Clothing busheler. Apply 121 San-
some St., bet. 9 and 10 a. m.
WANTED— A good pressman on pants Addlv
620 Washington st.. room 12.
GOOD barbar wanted. 481 Eighth st Oak^
land.
WANTED— Good piano and violin player. 1715%
Howard st., after 12 m. *
GOOD tailor wanted for busheling. 625 Com-
mercial st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 130 large
rooms. 25c per nigl.t; Jl to $3 per week.
TO go to-day— 3oo pairs men's second-hand
shoes, some nearly new, from 23c to $1" new
shoes, slightly damaged. % price. 562 Mission
St., bet. First and Second Bts. Open Sundays.
GOOD home for old mat. Address «0 Hanna
•t., Oakland. Berkeley train, B st. station.HF.I.P WAV;ED-Contlnne«l.
R IjCRI ted for th* ' b Ma-
rine corps,. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
>-nn-. who . are citizens of the United States,
iLh •< who have legally declared their in-
dention to become such: must be of go I char-
acter and habits and able to speak read and
L% r '- n Sllsh, and be between 5 feet 5 inches
and. 6 feet In height. For further information
ftrply at the Recruiting Office, ii Ellis tt.,
.* San Francisco. Cal.
$50 A MONTH, with increase; steady man with
?l..fi want.-cl ns partner in lijrht. genteel an i
profitable business across th.? bay; former ex-
perience not required; no -ni;;ht or Sunday
work; full I artlcdaulars. GOULD & CO.. 6X2
Market st. . . .
WANTED— At Montana Houf», 764V> Mission
Skh^'Si to o . takc rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
nlKh^j_ Wc - 9l ' c ond »1 per week.
2 yl,!y 1 , ! , Am barber shop for sale; ?rnc.A location":
J *t.^\. Wi " K *r ' ! " ra ex : -nseg to Bell cigars on
time: exrorlenc^unneccEsarv-: holiday goods/
"■ ■■ KLINK CO., St. Louis. Mo.
M X .' 11 lr-arn barber trade; easy' terms. 1542
■
MEN and women to Wrn barber trauo at San
:„. Francisco Barber College. I :s<i Eighth at. , ■
BARBERS' A f soc!ation~Fr7o~ J Employment
Office. S. FUCHS. Sec. rc's Grant ave.
TRY Lind.ll House. Slxrh and H^,>7a 7k *Ib~'
tnnroußhly renovated; 200 rms. ; rvr, i:<: night.
• SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c, 25c per night- 7> $1
to ?.' B0 per wk. Elcho Housa, Si'3'i Market' St.-
SAILORS, ordinary amen, carpenters coast
__Australla,_Kurope. HERMAN'S, 2C Hteuart.
BARBKRS! Progressive Unlon;VEfree einfeloyi*
am t-IH.-j ßernard. See.; 104 7th: tel. Jessia 1164.
' VVAN T" KI '~ Tn coll»~t wages dueftaborer* and
_cierha. .Kr:ox Collection Asoncy. 112 gutter st
SAII iRS and ordinary seamen jyanted. at
LAN h. R. 504 Davis st., near Jarkson. -
SINGLE, furnished, fine. larKf. sunny and airy
rocm, 2rc night; Rfsedale House, Z2\ 3:!!ir» st.
TRY Aerae House. 957 Market sti? bpluw~S!xth"
& tor, a room ;: 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER llry,^, u Thlr/I sTT near Mar-
ket; 100 room*. 250 night: r<vvlinr room; free
>"» nrd hngtißga t-> nnd fr-m thr» ferry.
A«EVTS WANTED.
LADIES to sell "Lidies 1 Friend"; halt profit;
no capital -r<»qiilr>d. 1126 Market St.. room 2.
I'AUT.NEKS AVANTRD.
FOR cut flower nursery, competent gardener to
•work on shares: terms liberal; references re-
gulred Bon "s". Call office.
HOUSES WANTED. ~
FOR 6 months, privilege renewal, compJ^ely
furnished house, 8-10 rooms, sunny side of
street; E. of Von Ness and P. of Cat; rent
?..■ to $I<V). Address box 750, Call office. '
JWA VTE D— M I SCELLA.VKOUS.
CHEST carpenter tools: must be in good order
and reasonable. Address TOOLS, Call office,
Alameda.
MAN'S second-hand overcoat for cold climate:
send description, price. Box 345, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS typewriter and copying, press
for caah. Northwest cor. 25th and Folsom.
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for cash.
GARDNER & A SPELL. 211 Post st
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. . DECKER, 1010 Market .-t.. opp. Fifth
82 rooms; reduced from $5000 to $2nOo
10 rooms; on gutter st 280
24-room house; new house and furniture.. 850
8 rooms; new furniture; cost $550 2"0
12 rooms on Market st.; rent $40 4'>o
10-room house: only '150
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 550
46-room house; corner 1200
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
MONEY LOANED ON ANY HOUSE.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO 22't; Geary st.
Money advanced on all houses.
10 rooms; bay-window corner; transient. .s 500
14 rooms; all hay-windows; a snap 800
23 rooms; Fifth st. ; clears $75 600
105 rooms; best known house on coast.... 4000
And oth«»rs. Cail and get list. KREDO.
A— s2 oo; 54 rooms: best house in Oakland;
clears $l"0 month: also 40-room bouse, Oak-
land. KREDO & CO., 22Va Geary St.
A _c» J?ooMS: elevator $2000
4.'i rooms; rent $90 2000
45 rooms; boarding 2*oo
3<i rooms? : Market st 1100
30 rooms; corner: country 1000
MONEY LOANED. MONEY LOANED.
SPECK A CO.. 602 Market st.
A — $s.7>; HOUSE of 35 rooms; rent $50; on
Stockton St.; sickness In family causa of
m-fnt bargain. WILKE & UNFUG, 90«
MarkPt st.
CARPETS of a modern housekeeping apart-
ment house; central: rent reasonable: present
income $100. J. HAYDEN, Oakland Pqstoffiee.
HOTEL. 26 rooms, hard finished: only $1100;
lot 75x1">0 ft.; furniture included; cheap at
112000. Call at 256 Third ■■
LODGING house for sale; on r.th St.; on ac-
count of sickness; 2% rooms; nicely furnished:
a sacrifice; $1200. Address box 1537, Call office.
MUST sell; going East: 33 rooms; all full. 7114
Mission Et. : $300; rent $20.
ROUSE of 12 rooms furnished for sale; cheap.
597 Ellis st.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladies will be glad to learn th.it Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk st., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are Bick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will rind
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort; Eatlef action guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy St.. between
Hyde and Larkln.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
eure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialists free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WYETH. 208 Turk Et.. near Jones.
ALL Ladles— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' pratclce; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; dirgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else (all; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure cent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1323 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong. $2. ; i
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box. sent free by mall
on receipt of price; consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23 Grant
ave.. B. F. A caution— Before purchasing
elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure; no medicine or Instruments used; con-
sultation free; pills and capsules. $1; cure $5.
By the well-known ladles' physician for 37
years. Call before visiting others. DR.
POPPER, SlS^Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; no instruments used: guaranteed cure
at office, ft; travelers helped Instantly: hours
1 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122
Market St.. bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS- Ladles in trouble see Drs. Good-
win free: reliable, safe and sure; cure in 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints; no instru-
ments; maternity home: best medical at-
tendance: cure. $5. Removed from '■ " > Van
Ness to IS6XA Mkt..bet. Jones _ City Hall av.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned spe-
cialist:, all monthly lrregultir'.t'ps restored]
whatever !.■••'. all cases relieved Immedute-
ly; call or writo; confidential. IC23',* Market.
ALL marrl"(lla'iir-i t know "P»guro." the greatest
boon to Ukitv RICHARDS A- CO.. 406 Clay st.;
■ $1 ro. Bend ?<■ Ftamp for circulars Ito 6EGU-
RO JTKO. CO.. 531 '" st.. Foframento, Cal.
ER. cn-1 MRS. WEGENER. 3212 Golden Gnte
a>-r. : private horn-* in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moder. te; Infants adopted into good homes.
ALP? French pills; a boon to ladies with
fpinnJp troubles; no danger; tafje cure; $2 50;
cxpresee'l C. O. D. : don't flelay until too lat?.
OSOOOp &ROS.; Coast "Agents, Oakland Cal.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife: pleasant sunny
home in confinement. 156 Second st. Tele-
phono Green "2.
Bpllevue Fnnltarlum— Lnd!<«s cared for during
confinement. "I" Bpllevun .iv . Lr>s Ansi»U??.
~ "i T . r>. *. 111 i ;;ns.
ALL typewriters sold and'Yer.tod?~fevv~partiy
use for salo cheap: send fcr samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., no Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, $25: CallEraphTiis; Tost, $23;
yet tan.:!'- work. SCOTT. 3"! Montgomery st.
BICYCLES.
FOR Bicycle, gent's late model, almost
new; cost $65; price, $15 cash. Box 503, Call
ofnea. . . " ' ; . ■,■
SYRACUSE bicycle good as new, J18; 22-Inch
frame. 230 Van Ness ave. ■■',:. ;
V TO LEASE.
FURNISHED hotel in Benicia; 2 minutes'
walk to Baker & Hamilton's - Agricultural
Works. Apply American Hotel. Benlcia, Cal.
~ PHI sin ;
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, office
and residence, 1021& Market, bet 6th and 7th.
:. BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— S4OOO— HOUSE of 4 rooms, store with stock
of groceries, liquors, etc.; lot 29x127:6; beat
location on Mission St.: death of owner cause
of genuine bargain. WILKE _ UNFUG. 906
Market st.
A— COAL and wood yard; established
many yearn; doing good business: horses and
wagons; rent $25; death of owner cause of
sale; genuine rood investment. Call WILKE
A UNFUG, Ml Market St. r.'Ji'iii
A— SSOO— COUNTRY resort; Santa Clara County;
fine bar room; I parlors; 7 bed rooms; large
grounds; horse and buggy; stock of liquors;
first-class paying establishment; owner to
leave for . East: a bargain. Particulars
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st. ■
A— $1000; CORNER grocer}' and bar; established
years; doing good-paying business; death of
owner cause of Bale; 4 living rooms; rent $45.
WILKK ft UNFUG, 906 Market Bt.
A-5350; SALOON near R. R. depot: net rent
only $14; card and private rooms; the biggest
'bargain In the market. WILKE & UNFUG,
SO* Market st.
A— s:.sO; LOON on water front; 10 furnished
rooms, piano, etc.; rent $20: a good paying
place; sickness in family cause of a great
burcaln. WILKE A UNFUG. 9 ■•■ M trket st.
A^iscTrcoTlNEß drusTstore; established years;
large prescription and star trade; rent Hi M;
no r.pp-isltion in 4 blocks equare. WILK_ _
UNFUG. MC Market at.
A-»T». DELICAI and grocery store on El-
lis st.: £ living rooms; rent $25; doing a ;"d
pavlnx business: owner to leave for New
York. WILKE & UNFUO. »6 Market st
A— SSSO— COFFEE saloon close to Alcazar The-
ater: first-class paying: rent $05; partners
can't agree. WILKE & UNFUG, SOS Market.
J22.M?— CORNER saloon north of • Market St.;
building with 6 rooms Included; present owner
20 years In same place.' M. LESS. 7K Market.
A-Sl4O r'eST^U'rTnT; lfirge kitchen. iod
range; doing a good business; on principal
street, near Market; a bargain; see it. M.
LESS. 765 Market.
A— sl2s BAKERY; fine location; good custom:
all "tore trade; M oven; 3 livlns rooms: great
sacrifice; worth double. M. LESSEES Market
JSSCP-RESTA'URANT between shops and fac-
tory; »lx living rooms; rent only ♦:;-». m.
LESS, 7fi3 Market st. '
$1/"}— SALOON In good country town; bulld-
ini; and lot included; U ring rooms; owner
lms other business; can be seen in city. Ay-
ply M. LESS^ 765 Market sx
$225— SALOON vicinity Third and Mission sts.;
3 living rooms; rent $22 50; business Is O. K.
Do you want a bargain? Can you tell one
when you see it? M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$4CO_haLOON: boarding; 16 furnished rooms,
always tilled: Al location: everything In tip-
top- shape; big bar trade; house crowded;
seller made fortune there In 5 years; trial.
M. LESS, 765 Market st.
I $400— RESTAURANT north of Market St., near
large carhouse: well paying; good steady
trade year round; worth looking Into. M.
LESS. 7-;; Market St.
$150— PAYING cigar store; principal street;
value in sight; 3 living rooms and bath; rent
$13; no opposition; genuine bargain. M.
LESS, 765 Market St.
A— s2oo — PARTNER wanted; old-established
brokerage business. 8. H. GOULD & CO..
632 Market st.
CIGAR STANDS, $150. J200; fine locations:
good trade: bargains. 8. H. GOULD _ CO..
632 Market st. '■
BARGAIN in saloon; good location; fine trade;
death compels immediate sale; do not fall
to Investigate. S. 11. GOULD _ CO.. 632
Market st. j
$500— GROCERY and bar; nicely fitted up; fine
corner; splendid trade; sickness compels quick
sale: bargain. S. H. GOULD & CO.. 632
'Market Et.
TO buy or sell, any kind of business, partners
procured, lodging houses a specialty: collec-
tions made. WEHNER & HANDLE, 1027V4
Market St.
$3<X>— PARTNER in asphaltum and roofing
ness; inside or outside work: guarantee
$75 a month; references, given. 1027% Market,
$250— EXPRESS business; steady trade from
stores; trial given. Inquire 1027V4 Market St.,
. room 2.
$350— RESTAURANT: centrally located: good
and steady cash trade: suitable for man and
wife: cheap rent. Call 10274 Market st.
$325— CANDY and ice cream parlor and deli-
! cacy store: a bargain on account of departure.
Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market.
$250— PARTNER in light Indoor business; will
pay to each $75 per month, yearly. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
$750 — WOOD, coal, hay and grajn and coal-
: oil route: great sacrifice, on account or" sick-
ness in family. McLaughlln, 777 Market st.
A— s2oo; branch bakery and notions; $I'"> daily ; no
competition; rooms. Kredo _ Co., 22^ Geary.
A— s3oo; cor. grocery and bar; fine stock and fix-
tures; bargain. KREDO _ CO.. 22%_ deary st.
A— sl7s; cigar stand; $10 to $12 dally; value in
stock: muet Bell. KREDO _ CO., 22% Geary.
A— J2SO PARTNER wanted In old established
business clears $75 a month to each; full in-
vestigation. National Agency, 7 Grant ave.
A— We have buyers to Invest in any legitimate
business: parties willing to sell give us a
call. National Business Agency, 7 Grant ave.
$400— PARTNER Wanted In light business,
where the services of plain, steady man are
preferred to hired help; business long estab-
lished and too much for one man; no expe-
rience required; trial given; $18 to $30 a week
each. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$200 — DELICACY branch bakery, notions; one
nicest little places in city, doing fine business;
3 living rooms. JONES, 865 Market St.
$375— SALOON; full value in stock, fixtures,
etc.; 4 rooms furnished; rent $20 month; must
be sold on account departure. Apply Capitol
Liquor store. 269 Third St., NE cor. Folsom.
KEN and women wanted In every town and
county to sell a new toilet article. Address
M. H. CARTWRIGHT. r. 709, 927 Market st.
PARTNER with some means by expert wine
man for opening neat, respectable wine
room with family trade. Box 518, Call office.
BARBER shop— First-class two-chair 15c shop,
I completely furnished rooms in rear: sickness.
Address box 1937, Call office.
GOOD paying grocery and bar In Mission; rea-
sonable. Inquire 1009 Mission st.
SHOE shop; doing fine, business: good loca-
tion; cheap rent; reasonable. 332 Hush st. ■
WELL-EQUIPPED boarding and livery stable;
barn full; reason for selling sickness; must
sell before winter; SS boarders; 20 livery and
work horses; buggies; surrles: carriage;
double and single harness: all that a good
stable requires. Address box 377, Call Office.
BAKERY and restaurant; would take partner;
good location; close to Market St.; all store
trade; In good running order; long lease; good
reason for Belling. Box 411. Call office.
WELL-STOCKED, old-established grocery,
liquor store; i living rooms; cheap rent; two
fiats rented helping to pay rent: causa sick-
ness. Inquire Call office.
$200— PALOON, well stocked: pool and billiards;
living rooms: rent $12; bargain; proprietor
sick; must sell at once; see It. Call office.
GOOD paying saloon; will trade for lot or small
ranch: neatest saloon south of Market st.;
Investigate. Address box 1392. Call office.
GOOD corner bakery; only store; doing good
business: reason for selling, other business
in the East. Apply Call office.
BAKERY fitted up new; only store trade; cash
business; good chance for baker. Inquire
Call office.
SILVER DOLLAR saloon, 312 Sansome i st.
(with lease), $1600; make- offer.
$6.*— SMALL restaurant outfit for sale. 505 Pa-
cific st. ; call afternoons.
$900, MORE or less, grocery stock at invoice;
Rood locality: ch->ap rent; good reason for
selling; D. W. CORBIN. El Vlrano, Cal.
DRUG store, clean and complete stock and fix-
ture.- ; in good location: Investigate at once;
chance for good physician. Box 1518. Call.
COFFEE, tea end spice solicitors headquarters:
rupplied as wanted at lowest prices. 147-10}
Beale Bt
HOUSES.
ft HORSES of ever.- description at Emporium
Kalesyardp, 220 Valencia St.. bet. Thirteenth
and Fourteenth: also buggies, wagon*, har-
ness, etc.. at your own price.
<0 HORSES for «le; also wagons, buggies,
riirti" harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket *27 Sixth; auction snle-i every Wednes-
day SULLIVAN *■ DOYLE. Auctioneer*.
"WAGON'S AND CARRIAGES.
4TTCTION. no reserve; 200 vehicles and harness;
* Wednesday, 10 a. m.. Wareraoms Fifteenth
and Valencia.
PASTURA(^K.
PASTURAGE for horses or other stock at
Tomales, Marin County. Apply to J. W.
KEYS. Tomales. '■
CAIU'ET CLEANING. • .
CITY Steam Carj>et-cleaning Works — Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
. $6 and 40 Eighth Bt. ; telephone South 230.
WHEN you become distrusted with poor work
■end to SPAULDING'B Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 858-E7 Tehamu St.; tel. S. -JO.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel, Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co..' 240 14th
et.; cleaning Sc per yard; .tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet -beat Ing Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; tel. East 126. ;
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. »02 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 334. O.EO". WOLCOM, Proprietor., t ,
THE SA:N FHAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— Send for circular; houses to let all parts of
city. G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 14 Montgomery.
AT 20 Mary St.. near Fifth and Mission— Double
parlors, 7 rooms: rent $22 50. ." /'■ ■
A— lo-ROOM house; reduced from $50 Ito $40.
1521 Hush st., near Van Ness ave.
AN elegant 10-room house; 1522 Pacific ave.;
reduced to $GO. At SPECK & CO.'S.
NICE bouse. 6 rooms, bath and basement; rent
low. Northwest corner Pine andLaguna sts.
EUNNY bouse, corner Geary and Larkln; 9
rooms. Inquire 1153 Howard st.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flag] BALDWIN & llG\V___, 10 Mont-
gomery st. .
12-ROOM house; fine for renting rooms. 29 Oak
ft., near Market. Apply nt 1' Grant ave.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A—3oA — 30 DATS free; lovely 5-room cottages (Mis-
sion), $10 to $12. At A. M. SPECK _ CO.'S.
602 Market st. .........
PRETTY cor. cottage, 6 rooms and bath, beau-
tifully furnished, rent $27 60. GEORGE W.
H. PATTERSON. 1759 Market.
$15— COTTAGE, 4 rooms, bath, basement; $15,
■upper fiat. 5 rooms, bath. Apply at 220 13th.
FLATS TO LET. .
CHERRY, 111, between Washington and Jack-
son— 3 rooms; bath; water free; bay view.
FELL, 511— Flat, 4 rooms and bath; hot and j
cold water; yard and basement; rent $15;
' key 13 Fell.
HAYES, .'47— Nice 7-room flats; all modern im-
provements; rent moderate.
LEXINGTON ave., is. near Eighteenth— llo;
fiat, 4 rooms; hall; double parlors.
RINCON Hill— Upper fiat. 5 large sunny rooms,
bath; reasonable. Box 262, Call office.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN _ HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery Ft.
$12. $14, $17; FLATS, light and tunny; 4. 5 and
6 rooms. 2209 Geary Ft.
— SUNNY bay-window flats; 6 rooms and
bathroom. 1633 Clay et., corner Polk.
$20— SUNNY bay-window flats; 0 rooms and
bath. 1704 Washington St.. near Polk.
Sf^T"*"^ ' m ' m •=■"*■• T"™"" 1"^«1 "^ «^ MHMWMMM _MMM
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY, 917 — Very desirable connecting house-
keeping rooms; no children; private residence.
ELLIS. 639, cor Larkln— Sunny bay-window
$14, with kitchen $20; also alcove.
1 FIFTH, 322— Large sunny front bedroom and
I kitchen; grate, water, sink, bath; private; $11.
GOLDEN GATE ave., lfr'o— 2 large, sunny, well
1 furnished rooms for liprht housekeeping; gas
stove; bath; free telephone.
GROVE, 202. corner Van Ness ave.— Suite of 3
gunny unfurnished rooms, with pas range.
HOWARD. 1810— Front and back parlors: run-
ning water: bath: gas; $15; for light house-
keeping; also front bedroom, $4.
HYDE, 25. corner Golden Gate— nicely fur- '
nished front rooms; hskpg. ; reasonable: bath.
JACKSON, 920, near — Furnished sunny
front large housekeeping rooms, $7, $8 to $9.
KEARNY, 104— Front suite: two unfurnished
rooms. $10; three rooms, $15; reference.
I KEARNY. near Butter— Three unfurnished
front rooms for offices or housekeeping; gas
free; cheap rent. Apply 15 Grant ave.
MARKET, 1028— Large gunny front room anil
kitchen; folding bed; closet; $12.
MINNA, Nice sunny furnished rooms for
light housekeeping; adults.
MISSION, S6S— Three large sunny, pleasant,
connecting rooms for housekeeping.
NEVADA House. 132 Sixth— Nicely furnished
Funny housekpg. rooms, $12 up, single, $6 up.
NINTH. 21— Suite of Bunny rooms furnished for
light housekeeping; running water; stove.
OAK. 12 — Large alcove room, with stove, com-
I plete for housekeeping: bath, pas: $10.
J OAK. 4S— Sunny furnished rooms; housekeeping
if desired: gas, bath; private family.
OAK. 119—1 sunny room, furnished, $6; 1 front
I room, complete for housekeeping.
SCOTT, 1614— First floor of 3 unfurnished
1 rooms: bath; garden; $16; adults only.
I SECOND. 130— To let; furnished front rooms,
single and double. In a private house; fur-
niture in perfect order: reasonable prices.
SIXTH, 21614— Nice unite front rooms for light
housekpg; also sunny lack rooms for hkpg.
] SIXTH, 420— Elegant furnished parlor suite;
also housekeeping rooms complete; reasonable.
8 AND 2 large unfurnished rooms; cellar and
. yard;, cheap. Inquire £61 Sixth st-
SOUTH PARK. 184—2 sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping; rent $10.
TURK, 20 — 2 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms: cheap.
! TKHAMA. 831— Sunny furnished rooms for
I housekeeping; also single; bath; private.
THIRD, 30?— Large sunny front room, nicely
furnished for housekeeping; other rms. cheap.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367. near Mission— 2 large
front housekeeping rooms, furnished ; com-
plete, desirable, $10.
I S HOUSEKEEPING rooms, $14, not front; oth-
; ers, $7; Funny. 505 Jones.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny rt.— Pleasant
runny rooms; en cult* or tingle; f.rst-class
in every respect: terms reasonable,
BALBOA, The, 1049A Market— hands;
renovated; rooms 50c, suites $1 per day; leas
per week; country trade solicited; elev*tr;tel.
! BELGRAVIA. 1715 Polk— Elegant sunny rooms,
I furnished or unfurnished; hovsekeeping; table
board.
BOHEMIA— 239 Post— Sunny suites and single;
all conveniences: gentlemen or families; ele-
vator; references given.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth St., corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 a. night;
$1 25 to $5 week: open all night: Howard-ut.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
CARROLLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate-
Nicely furnished rooms and offices. ;
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central; very desirable; $6 per month upward.
EDDY. 330, between Jones and Leavenworth—
Handsome parlor suite; also single rooms;
carpets and furniture entirely new; at rea-
sonable rent.
ELLIS, 41S (Grand Carnot)— Nice sunny suites
j _ sing.. $1 50. $6 wk. ; 50c, $1 day: tel. 81. 1364.
I GLOBE House,. S2l Howard— i er night. 26c to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars
] GOLDEN GATE. Parlor floor suitable for i
physician or dentist; carpeted.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission-Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 ;.er week.
HAPKELL. The, 121 Powell— New management;
cheap, neat, light, sunny rooms; transient.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
suites and single rms.; transient. Mrs. J.King.
HOWARD, S74— Sunny rooms cheap; or will
sell out cheap; good location.
HOWARD. 953^4. near Sixth— Newly furnished
sunny rooms; bath; $1 week up; quiet house.
HOWARD, 1312— Sunny front room; bath, gas,
use of kitchen; very reasonable to lady.
Call forenoon.
LAI! KIN, 706— Furnished and unfurnished;
also light housekeeping; light and sunny.
MCALLISTER. Nicely furnished sunny
room, gas, bath, private family, $10.
MCALLISTER. eiT— Newly furnished rooms;
gaa; bath; grates; hot and cold water; rea-
sonable.
MCALLISTER, 623—2 furnished front rooms,
bath, gas, $6 and $s; private house. v
MECHANICS' . HOUSE, 436 Ftfth— Everything
new; rm»., single or suite, $1 wk. up; trans-
clent; bar In connection. F. W. Gardener, bro.
C. J. Gardener of Folsom and Rausch, prop.
MINNA, 240% — Nice sunny front single room;
$1 25 per week.
! MINNA, fi<!7. corner Eighth— ■ furnished
1 bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.'
MISSION. 933 (Mint House)— Nice sunny fur-
nished rooms; transient; new house; central.
i O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
I vator: electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL; 280 (Elwood House)— Nicely fur-
nished sunny rooms; hot and cold water;
quiet; transient. * * '• ;
PIEDMONT House. 119A Nicely furnlviied
eunny front rooms; double, single; first class.
PINTS Large, pleasant rooms en suite
and single; bath; reasonable; furniture new.
POLK 1602— Furnished front sunny single
. room; unfurnished; running water and closet;
upper, floor. ■
SEVENTH, Nicely furnished front rooms;
$1 per week. ' -' • " * '
SEVENTH, 179— Now house, newly furnished;
modern, \ sunny; single or suite; $6 to $20 mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and j unfurnished.
STEVENSON, 620— Cheap sunny rooms, .with
fireplace. --,'.,•
EUTTER, 1111— Clean and comfortable furnished
rooms; single and en suite; very reasonable.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
TAYLOR, 323— Nicely furnished ; front t rooms;. 1
en suite or FinirSe: bath, gas. • • |
TURK, 521— Sunny furnished rooms; furnished.
or unfurnished rooms for housekeeping.
HAYES. 339— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and ads taken. ' ' :
ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOTEL Fainnount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class In every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
HOWARD, 2606— Large sunny rm., grate, large
closet, with board, for 2 young men; $35.
PARK House. Twenty-fourth and Mission—
Board and lodging, $4 60 and $5; rooms, $1 25
up; board without room. $3 DO.
FIRST. Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
IRVING, 1070 Valencia— sunny front al-
cove room.
O'FARRELL, 742— Sunny single rm.; also sunny
parlor for 8 gentlemen; home comforts: piano.
SUTTER, 112S— Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed; reasonable.
VAN NESS, 400— Large runny room with board
for two: separate beds; very cheap.
VAN NESS ave.. 519— Sunny furnished suites
and Finele rooms; first-class t«H» board.
STORES TO LET.
j GROCERY and bar to let. Northwest corner
Eighth and Natoma Bts.; living rooms.
TO LET— Store. 1546 Market St., between City
Hall aye, and Larkln st.
$9 AND $10; 2 stores, with living room. 339 Noe
st . near Market; stable If desired.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA BPRJECK-lifl building. 927 Market St.;
light, heat. Janitor and telephone: rents $12 SO
to $20. APHTON & GARDVER. room 210.
MISSION, 853 — Suitable for physician; occu- |
pled by such formerly. • -. . ■
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE, 4 stalls or more If desired; $11 per
month. 415 First st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT $5 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
$3 50 per month rent; new piano*.
Heine upright $295 00
Stelnway upright 187 59
Chlckerlng upright 255 00
Sohmer upright...- 115 00
Knabe upright 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANVFACTTJRINO CO..
136 Ellis St. Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are Belling good upright pianos for $<
cash and $6 per month, we ask you. to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In pood' second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Btelnwny dealers, corner Kearny and Butter
*ts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Proa." way. Oakland. '
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2? and 30 O'Farrell pt. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
end prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. ,
DURING the next few weeks while our store
is being remodeled we will offer th» greatest
bargains In pianos and musical merchandise:
call and Bet our prices. ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 76!) Market st.
A STEINWAY, $175: Steck. $150;.Estey, $225:
Fischer. $250: Weber, $200: easy payments;
pianos rented $1 50 up: rent r.llrwed on pur-
chase. Bruenn's Piano House, *04 Post st.
A BEAUTIFUL new upright piano: elegant
case nnd fine tone: fully guaranteed; an of-
fer wanted. Room 21, Flood building.
WM. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St.. agent
for cele' .ated pianos of Francis Bacon of New
York and Hallet & Davis Co.. Boston.
AN elecant Stelnway upright, but little used
and In perfect order: a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Wardrooms. ISIS Ma^et st.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. pole agents for Chlck-
erlne. Steck. Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell Ft.
A NICE Fischer UDright sacrificed; owner
must sell. Room 12. Flood building.
A FINE bargain; Weber upright, only $60. 21«
Post st. " ■
A FINE Rteinwny and new Chtckertng uprigh:
sacrificed. KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness av«.
♦150— FINE Stelnway; great bargain. SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byroa
Mausy. 308 Post st. • ' "
HAINES' Bros, and other Brst-elasa pianos at
reduced pri.-es. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 -Pout.
NEARLY new upright r-'nno chean: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister..'
"AD" smallest: prices lowest; uprights. $75 up;
. rents »2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER X- CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. -
MTTT-LER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham nlno<».
■,-. EDUCATIONAL. '
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Poet st— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; stih-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue. - ;,•
AYRES' Business College. 723 Mark»t St.: Indi-
vidual instruction in shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, ioO; low rates
per week and month. ■ •
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, arfthlt.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ELOCUTION & oratory; F. C. Caldwell; 16 yrs*
experience. Emma Spreckels .' Idg. 927 Market.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th St.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
ket st. ; 400 positions secured In last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. t72 Parrott bldg.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
FOURTEEN nice Shetland ponies for sale at
J. D. HORAN'S Stock Yard, corner Tenth
nnd Bryant sts.; among ' them are several
nicely mated teams and ponies, suitable for
saddle.
SOLITAIRE diamond ring for $30; worth $60.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
PETALUMA and Stockton Incubator: .300 and
240 eggs: brooder: $40 outfit. 2805 Folsom st.
40,000 FEET redwood boards; second-hand lum-
ber. Ist and Jessie. Yard 15th and Valencia,
COST $1200; diamond solitaire earrings; price
$580. ■
Cost $560; diamond crescent, 69 stones; price
$4SO.
3 diamond rim?*, $130. 90 and $65.
New Arlington. 1015 Market st.
PICTURE framing ' with glass, how cheaper
than ever; 7x9 inches, 10c; 10x12, 15c; 12x18.
20c; 14x17. 25c: 16x20, 30c; 18x22. 35c; 20x24. 45c;
22x28, 60c; curtain poles complete, with wood
or brass trimmings, 15c: room molding, all
colors, lc per foot: colored pictures, studies,
etc.. 3 for 10c. JONES. 547 Mission st., be-
tween First and Second: open evenings. ' '
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-102* Mission st..
above Sixth.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p., $100; 2 h. p., $125;
3 h. p., $150; 4 hp., $175. Smith Co., 627 Mission.
A FINE-Hardman. slightly used, cheap for
cash. : 'Room 10, Flood building. ■;
SIX horsepower Zenith gas engine; nearly new.
Cal. Belt Co., 619 Mission: tel. Br. 331.
COMPLETE tailor's outfit for sale; also 4
rooms and bath for rent. 316 Leavenworth.
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap
HUFSCHMIDT. 623 Golden. Gate ave.. ..
ELEVENTH. Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. ,
SECOND-HAND engines boilers, pumps ,' hose
belting, etc. H. L. WHITE, 516 Mission st. '
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st. ■ . .
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 737.
6AFES— Bargains In new and second hand; all
tiles: half original cost. 109-111 Market. 8. F.
LEGAL NOTICES. ~
DEPARTMENT No. 10. Probate? "in the
Superior Court In and for the City and
County of San Francisco, State of Califor-
nia. In the matter. of the estate of ISAAC
S. BELCHER, deceased. Notice Is hereby
given that Monday, the 19th day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1898, at 10 o'clock a. m. of
Raid day, and the court room of Department
10 of said court, at : the new City Hall, In
the city and county of San Francisco, State
of California, have been appointed as -the
time and place for proving the will of said
I. S. BELCHER, deceased, and for hearing
the application of ADELINE N. BELCHEIt
for the ißsuance to her of letters testamen-
tary thereon. . .;.  .
Dated Dec. 5, A. D. 1838.
[Seal] CHARLES F. CURRY. Clerk.
By V. F. NORTHROP. - Deputy Clerk/ •
•RICHARD BELCHER. Belcher building.
' MarycvllMfc Cal.. Attorney for Petitioner. ,
PERSONALS.
JOSEPH GREVEN, Instructor of many now
celebrated singers, will open by request two
classes, each with about 10 pupils, beginning
January, being Impossible to receive the many
applicants for single lessons; classes, month-
ly $2. ensemble and single treatment; only
those enlisting before Christmas accepted.
Rms. 121-122 Murphy bldg., Jones and Market.
MRS. O'DONNELL— CaII for machine by Jan.
1, or it will be sold.
THE Monarch Shoe Store, 1346 and 1348 Market
et., offers a better grade of shoea at less price
than any other dealer in town; caJl and see.
FREE samples interesting to inventors, pro-
rioters and persons of ideas. The Patent
Record, Baltimore, Md.
LEDERER'S Q UINONIA— This celebrated Hair
Tonic Is a cure for Dandruft; S.'.c bottle; try
it. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or powerful medicines used; treatment simple
and effective. MRS. CLAYTON, 1128 Sutter.
THERE Is but one Hairdresser In town. G.
LEDERER, 123 Stockton St., charges but 25c.
LEDERER'S Foamo, best shumpoo, Sc pkg.;
switches, $1 up; curls, 45c pr. ; Sund., 9 to 12.
— •\DIES only; "Ladles' Friend"; advice, ca.c's
and sample free. 1126 Market st. room -.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
STAMP AJbums, beet Christmas present ; stamps
bought. W. Sellschopp & Co.. 118 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lighta In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200 rooms;
250 to $160 per right; $160 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHRISTMAS Sale— Japanese bamboo furniture:
all kind? to order; wholesale and retail: coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO.. 313 Sutter^
FOR comfort, durability, elegance and economy
have your shoes made to order at store prices
by Family Shoe Factory, 1550-1554 Market st.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
tl week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRP. DR. FTJNKE, 1416 Bth st.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
LATEST Btyle dresses made, $6 to $6; dresses
made over. 3 Eddy St.. rooms 14 and 15.
BAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market: men and women teachers.
spiritualism.
at^tlentionT"*
mrs. dr. a. d. howe.
The celebrated medium, and clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees It all, tells you all
and Instantly gives you peace and happiness.
She never asks a Question, but before you
utter a word she tellß you in :ull of all that
you are Interested in; business, speculation,
love, marriage, divorce, tells of friends and
enemies, locates mines and buried treasures.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all dlesases on earth, consumption, paralysis.
rheumaticm, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
ehe has made are the talk of the whole slope.
All correspondence sacredly contldential.
Treatment and c*onsultatlon hy mall always
satisfactory and most successful. Address or
call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
1104 Market St., S. F., The Vendomo.
Mns. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies; consult
when others fall: sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
JOHN PLATER, seance to-night, 8 sharp, hall
909 Market st. ; 1<«-; private sittings daily, 11
to 4. Office, 330 Eddy st.
DR. RINES, 33r. McAllister st. Wednesday, 8
p. m., Mrs. Barclay, Gtllingham; free tests;
collection.
BUSINESS medium and palmist; readings 25c
this week; satisfaction guaranteed. 234V4 6th.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all: Tues.-Frl., 2 p. m.;
Mon.. 8; 25c; sittings $L 233 Valencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
Permanently Located In Sup. Francisco.
At 1023V4 Market Street.
Between Sixth and Seventh.
"While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
with the one you love no failure, remove Influ-
ence, bad habits, cures witchery, fits and long-
standing and mysterious diseases; will give cor-
rect information on law suits, sickness, death,
divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by mail.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 1023ft Market st.
Mrs. Hoskins, tr. medium, rdgs dally, $1; cir-
cles Tuee. eve., 25c. 322 8. Spring, Los Angeles.
MME. DR. ANNA THOMAR. fin-t In her prol
fcsHlon, has removed to 218 Stockton Bt.
MME. HANSON, palmist an! card reader;
past, present and future: 25c. 148 Sixth, rm. 10.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 221 Sixth
street.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 260 up. 6 Fourth St.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. BYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
toller, has opened an office at Sl5 O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY.
SCIENTIFIC palmistry. MRS. KATE BLAIR,
room 14S, Phelan building; third floor. *
DENTISTS^
A METAL plate for the tame price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth, $5; crov ns, $3: fill-
ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered: consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth, $5: hoc new flexible
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and brldpe work
our specialty; fillings, tOc; crowns, $3 50: all
work painless and warr?.nted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth et'.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4: rub-
ber rr flexible plates $3: received S first prizes;
no !" -'l'-ntu; guarantee 12 years.
SET of teeth, $6: fillings, gold, *1 up: silver, 25c
up; bridge work; plates repaired: all work
painless and warranted ten years. New York
Dentists, 969 Mission St., corner Sixth.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlora; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings. 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand: open evenings.
907 Market St., corner Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market et., near
Eleventh; crownß, bridge work und fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth,
$4; filling, gold. 50c; silver, 25c; crowns. $3.
THE Esmond dental parlors, 43 6th— Crown and
bridge work specialists; crowns $3: est. 15 yrs.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. IL G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. PR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st,
LOST.
LOST, on Mission, Fifth or Howard— Ladles'
pocketbook. Return 967 Mission st.. rm. 21.
LOST— Fox terrier bitch. Finder return to 17
Willow ave.
FROM 20 Howard Court. Sunday morning, two
canary birds. Liberal reward If returned.
LOST— A bunch of keys somewhere in the
vicinity of Howard, Mission and Beale.
Pleaae return to 37 Mos3 street and bo suit-
ably rewarded.
GRAY mare, open buirßy; on Mission road;
pood reward. P. F. CANAVAN, Ocean View.
$25 REWARD— Strayed from my home at Fair
Oaks Sunday night one Great Done doer: IV4
years old; tiger narked. A. ROY HARRI-
SON.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no ft-e without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: divorce laws; private. ,T. B
EVANS. 14 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
ALL private law caaes, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice: openevprs.Atty McCabe, 103 Larkin.
ADVICE free— W. P. ADAMS. 607 Emma
Spreckels bldg.,S27 Market; charges moderate.
L S CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free: no fees in ad vanes.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDBON. 917 Harktt st
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of Th« CalL
Subscription* and ado taken.
STORAGE.
PIERCE^RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 6711
i>; ;, CITY REAL ESTATE.
'■ "pARK~LOTsi^TmONTHLY;
PARK LOTS. $5 MONTHLY.
Why pay $400 and $500 for lota when
we can sell you better bargains for $275?
$275— For Choicest and Cheapest Home Lots—
$275. •
$275— 55 MONTHLY— S27S.
$275— 0n Sth. 9th. 10th and 11th avenues— s27s.
South and near Golden Gate Park—
OVER 60 LOTS SOLD. ' j
See BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. Regulators of prices.
Branch office, 9th ave., corner II et.
Open dally and Sundays. •'. . '
In Sunset District.
$650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
good material. GEO. M. SALSBURY. Build-
er, .£2l K »t.. Sunset district.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$500 WILL buy 10 acres of rich farm vege-
table land at Antelope station, Sacramento
County; but you don't have to pay for It until
the end of 5 years, but can pay $20 per year
lease for the first five years; this Is the
chance of a lifetime. : :
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery St.,
•_ San Francisco, Cal.
100 ACRES, including 40 acres apple trees and
vines. Boulder Creek. Cal., for cash or on
■shares; teams and farming Implements fur-
nished to responsible party. C. S. YOUNG,
602 Market St., San Francisco.
A SNAP— 22OO acres, mostly all level grain
and fruit land; 4 miles from boat landing,
county seat and railroad; will exchange for
city property or sell for $20,000. Apply A. M.
SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st.
$2750—10 ACRES; 10 miles from San Rafael;
money loaned. SPECK & CO.. 602 Mark?t st.
TO — 800 acres of grain and meadow land,
Marln Co. A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wr.ipper. for mailing.
PROPERTY WANTED. ~
WANTED— buy or rent Improved farms:
send full • description. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st. '
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In 8. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission it., abov«
Sixth: telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rate*. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, room 408, Parrott building.
LOANS to salaried people; no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 1003H Broadway,
Oakland. Hours, 10 to 8.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at Sty per cent on real estate. 2J
and id mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason Bt., opp. Olympia Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK, 11« McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests la
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 63« Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. j
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
NOTES discounted; loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON.- broker. 328 Montgomery.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A BEAUTIFUL Home One of the neatest and
best built homes in Oakland; new; Just. com-
pleted; must be sold Immediately; 2-story, 7
rooms and bath; 5 large closets and pantry;
plumbing nickel-plated; roll-rim bath tub;
cement steps and walk; gas fixtures and
shades in house; only 6 minutes' walk from
broad gauge station; large lot; price $3SOO
complete; terms- to suit; call at once and be
shown the house. Lake Shore Land Co., 1070
Broadway, Oakland.
ELMHURST REAL ESTATE.
I HAVE a few special bargains In small acre-
age tracts; look them up at once, it will
pay you. • , > .-. ■'■'_,
, 4 acres highly improved.
. 6 . acres highly Improved.
"1 acre highly improved.
A few - 1, 2 and 3 acre lots, unimproved,
- choice land," well -located, air within 5 min-
utes' walk of electric cars: take electric cars
to Elmhurst and pee PITTOCK, real estate,
opposite powerhouse. Elmhurst.
— — —^— — — — — — — i— — — —
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BROADWAY, 1229— Unfurnished housekeeping
rooms, carpets; reasonable to responsible par-
ties. . . ■ •
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Oood «nd cheao. H. HCHKI.tr
HAAB' old «tnr>. 40R Klrr»nth at. f»»« him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALA>IEDA REAL ESTATE.
HOUSES built to order at your own prices and
on your own terms; call and see plans. J. H.
YOUNG. Builder, 1243 Park st.
• BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— Fine place In the center of Berke-
ley.' for chicken ranch, milk ranch or home;
six acres; house, barn, outhouses, windmill
and all Improvements; price $7000. ~
: D. J. TOBIN, Real Estate Agent,
■ ■ . 2121 Stanford place.
FOR SALE— A fine 7-room. house; all the
latest improvements; large lot; street work
all done; 4 blocks from university grounds.
JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley sta-
tion. - ■ :. —
SEWING MACHINES.
FINE ''White" machine, $11 50; guaranteed.
2006A Howard st.; call afternoon.
(2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought. soU;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; 'phone Mint 4».
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth «t.
. ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT NOTICE^-~Wlttram 'propeller
Company, office and principal place of busi-
ness, 327 Market st., San Francisco, Cal. •'
Notice Is hereby given that at a meeting of
the Board of Directors, held on the 12th day
of December, IS9S*. an assessment (No. 5)
of one (1) cent per share was levied upon the
capital 'stock of the corporation, payable im-
mediately In United States gold coin to the
secretary at the. office of the company at the
above address.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 17th day" of January,
'1899, will be delinquent and advertised for
sale at public auction, and unless payment
■is made ■ before, will be sold on the 3d day
of February, 1899. to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, ■ together with costs of advertising and
expenses of Bale. By order of the Board of
Directors.
CHARLES A. HUG, Secretary,
". ' .*■■•. . ' ' 327 Market st.
MARRIAGE, LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issueo as follows:
Ellis C. Johnston and Florence G. 9teckler.39-29
Richard C. Stoddard and Irma E. Wilson..
MARRIAGES— DEATHS. "
Birth, marriage and death notices eent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published . «
- BORN.
CONDON— In this city. December 10, IS9S, 'to
the wife of ; Edward F. Condon, a son.
COSTELLO— In this city, December 11, 1898, to
. the '. wife of Joseph Costello, a daughter. '
DI'LLEY— In this city, December 10, . IS9S, to
the wife of William B.Dulley, a son.
EULER— In this city, December 9, 1898, to the
wife of Philip J. Euler, a daughter. »
SHANNON— In this city, December 8 IS9S. to
the wife of William W. Shannon (formerly
Ada Dunl&p). a daughter. . ' -. ' ,
: MARRIED. ~~~~
SIMINOFF— LEVY— In this city, December 11,
' 1898, by the Rev. H. Samuelson. Aaron Slmin-
off and Rose Levy, both of San Francisco. .
~— DIED. v .
.Barnes, Mrs. E. Hood. Georglana
Carcisco, Francisco Kimme, John
Clifford, Martha J. ' Levensaler, Capt. C.
Crofts, John J. . ; McGlnnis, James C.
Delatour (infant) McManus, Mary L.
; Douglas, Margaret E. ' Metzler, Frank . '
Doyle, Murtha •E. ' Newbert, Emma F. •
Dunn. Edith F. ' Nichols, WUliam A.
■ Eastland- Mary K. 'O'Connor.- John
' .Eckart, John D. ,  Owens, . Elizabeth
Edgar, Ann J . Olson, Mary E.
Fitzgerald, Mary >- Rich. Louis
Flaherty, Peter E. . . Spear. Sarah E.--.V-L
Gribbln, Alexander . Truelock.' Grace '
Hanlon. Emilie D. F. Wiley. Lavlnla r ;l '
, Harrington, Hannah Wolleb, Theodora O.
BARNES— In Oakland, December 13. 1893, Mrs.
Elizabeth, .beloved wife of George R. Barnes,
aged 70 years and 9 months. . ■
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 14;6 Castro street. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
CARCISCO— In the City and County Hospital.
. December 12, 1S&8, Francisco Carcisco, a na-
tive of Italy, aged 77 years. 1 J
CLIFFORD— this city. December 12. 1898.
Martha Jane, widow of the late Hiram Clif-
ford, and belovp'l mother of Hersey A. and U.
S. G. Clifford a .d Mrs. George- L. Perham, a
native of * Gotham, Me., aged 72 years 4
months and Cl 'ays. (Portland. Me., papers
please copy.)
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-mor'ow
(Thursday), at. 2 o'clock, from the Central
M. B. Church, Mission, street, between Sixth
and Seventh." Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery. ,
CROFTP— Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully requested to attend an anniversary
htph maps for the repose of the soul of tna
late .Tehn .Tames Crofts to-morrow (Thurs-
day).' at 9 o'clock, at Et. Dominic's Church,
corner Push and Stein^r streets.
DELATOUR— In the City and County Hospital.
Deeemh^r V., 1898, infant child of Mary Dela-
tor, a native of California. ng»>d 16 days.
DOUGLAS— In this city, December 12, 18SS.
Mnrparet F.Uen. beloved daughter of James
and the late Mary Douglas, anJ sister ctf
James J., Michael and Annie Douglas ana
sister of Ann de Sales of Saginaw. Mich., a
native of San Francisco, aged 22 years.
(C7"Frlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Hospital. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery*
DOYLE— In Menlo Park. December 13. I*9B.
Murtha E., beloved son of James R. and Cath-
erine Dolye, and bmther of Mrs. James
Flynn and William, Annie. Fannie and Jamea
Doyle, a native of San Mateo, aged 24 years.
tT7Frtenr!!« and flcqualntanc<*!> are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, Menlo Park. Interment
Holy Cros? Cemetery. Mpnlo Pnrk.
DUNN— In this city, December 13. 1898. Edith
F., beloved daughter of Lawrence and Julia
Dunn, and sister of Mrs. E. Pkain. Mrs. G.
Oethlna:s and Nonie, Grace, Julia and Law-
rence J. Dunn, a native of San Francisco,
aged 18 years.
C^Notice of funeral hereafter.
EASTLAND— In Oakland. December 12. IR9S.
Mary K., widow of the late Van Leer East-
land, a native of South Carolina, aged 61
years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
'Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from St. John's
Episcopal Church, corner Eighth and Grova
streets. Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
ECKART— In thlP city, December 13, 1898. John
D.. dearly beloved son of John and Elizabeth
Eckart. and brother of the late P. A. Eck-
art, Mrs. James McDonnell and Mrs. A. X.
Roberts, a native of Virginia City, aged 26
years and 9 months.
EPOAR- In Berkeley, December 13, 1898, Ann
Jane, beloved wife of Archibald Edgar, and
mother of Robert, William, Arthur and Sam-
uol Edgar and Mrs. John Stutt. a native of
County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 6T> years and 7
months.
tC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fun»nil to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of Mr. John Rtutt. northeast corner of Kear-
ney and Aetna streets, Berkeley. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
FIT^OERAI-D— ln this city, December 13. IS9B,
Mary Fitzgerald, a native of County Kerry,
Ireland, aged fl7 years.
EtTßemains at the pnrlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
FLAHERTY— In the City and County Hospital,
December 13. 181)8, Peter Eugon» Flaherty, a
native of California, aged 19 years.
GRTBBIN— In this city, December 13. 189J,
Alexander Francis, beloved infant son of
Frank and Adelaide Gribbin, a native of San,
Francisco, aged 7 <ln> ?.
HAXLOX— In this 'ity. December 12. 18SS, at
the Palace Hotel, Emilie D. F.. widow of th«
late Captain Daniel Hanlon, and mother of
Charles F., John F., Daniel M. and Miss Jo-
sephine G. Hanlon, Mrs. Mollle Crump of
Boston and Mrs. Emilie Bank of Lassen
County. California, a native of Ploen, Schles-
wig\ Holsteln, Germany.
ff^Frienrls and acquaintances are respect-
fully- invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock sharp,
at Pt. Mnry's Cathedral, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be held for the rf-r"?o
of her soul. IntPrment private. No flowers.
HARRIXGTOX— In this city, December 13, IS9S,
Hannah, beloved wife of the late John J.
Harrington, and mother of Mrs. Jamea H.
Stevens, Mrs. S. H. Keeney, Eha, Will and
George Harrington and the late Mrs, F.
Keyes and Frank and Joseph Harrington, a
native of County Kerry, Ireland, aged 54
years and 7 months.
ITyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her lat«
residence. 31" Valencia street, between Four-
teenth and Fifteenth, thence to M:s3ion Do-
lores Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HOOD— In this city, December 13. 189S, Georg-
lana. beloved dauijhter of George and Mary
Ellen Hood, and sister of Frederick Joseph
Hood, a native of San Fufticisco, aged 1 year
and " months.
KIMME— In this city, December IS, 1898. John
Klmme, shlprigger, a native of Germany,
aged CS years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances ore respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Theodor Dierks. 967 Mission street, between
Fifth and* Sixth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
LEVENSALER— In Thomaston, Me.. December
10, 189S, Captain Caleb Levensaler, father of
Mrs. J. F. Chapman and J. G. and R. L.
Levensaler, aged 94 years and 4 months.
McGINNIS— In this city, December 13, IS9S,
James C. McGinnis (retired Police Officer),
beloved husband of the late Catherine Me-
Glnnls, and father of Mrs. A. C. Bfeede and
the late James S. McGinnls, a native of Ire-
land.
(ET'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-mnrnvr
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his lato
residence, 118A Noe rtreet, thence to Mis-
Blnn Dolores Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McMANTP— An anniversary requiem mass will
be celebrated at Sar*r<=d Tleart <~lhur^h.~ I hur^h. to-mor-
row (Thursday), at S:3O o'clock, for the f»-
pose of the soul of Mary Lyrett? MeManus.
Frlend3 and acquaintances are Invited to at-
tend,
MET7.LER— In this city, Pecrmber 13, 1898,
Frai:k, beloved husband of Gertrude Metzler,
and father of Charles, Oscar and Emll Metz-
ler, Mrs. R. Lawrence. Mrs. Matt Plttlick.
Mrs. Gus Miersch and Mrs. Gus Foff. a na-
tive of Germany, aged 72 years 3 months and,
12 days.
NEWBERT -In this city, December 13. 1898,
Emma F., beloved wife of Leander Newbert.
and mother of L. H.. Edna and Chester New-
bert, a native of lowa, aged 50 years and 10
months.
NICHOLS— this city, December 13, 1898.
William A. Nichols, a native of New York,
aped 43 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at 'the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mis-
sion street, near Eighth.
O'CONNOR— In this city. December 13, IS9B,
John, beloved husband of Margaret O'Connor,
and father of Mrs. James Watson of San
Rafael and -Eugene O'Connor, a native of
Ireland, aged 75 years.
OWENS— this city, December 13, 1898, Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of I the late Richard B.
Owens, and mother of Mrs. E. C. Long, Mrs.
Captain J. T. Jones, Mrs. M. W. Potter and
Miles G. and Richard B. Owens, a native of
.Wales, aged 71 years and 10 months.
Zy Funeral private to-morrow (Thursday),
at 10 o'clock, from her late residence, 3533
Twenty-first street. Interment private.
OLSON— In West Berkeley, December 12, 1898.
Mary E., beloved wife of Antone Olson,
mother of Edward and William Bonn, and
sister of Thomas and Edward Handarkln and
Mrs. K. Blumerg and Mrs. T. Landregan. a
native of San Francisco, aged 20 years and 7
months.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from. her late
residence, Curtis street and University ave-
nue, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the. repose of her soul, commencing at ■, 10
o'clock. . Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
RICH— In the City and County Hospital. De-
cember 13, IS3S. Louis Rich, a native of Italy,
aged 59 years. ...... \ ;
SPEAR— this city, December 12, 1898, Sarah
E., wife of Captain A. F. Spear, a native of
Thoma'ston,' Me., aged 66 years 1 month and
1 day. (Thomaston, Me., papers please
copy.) •.■■.."'.',••••.." • ,. x
in?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to. attend the funeral services
this day (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, at her
late residence, 290S Folsom street, near Twen-
ty-fifth. Interment private. Please omit
flowers/
TRUELOCK— In thi3 city, December 11. IS9B,
Grace Truelock, a native of San Francisco,
aged 26 years 1 month and 16 days,
. IC7" lnterment private. . , ;\. : ".
WILEY— In this city, December 12. IS9S, La-
vinla Wiley, beloved mother of Mrs. W. II
Knickerbocker, Mrs. J. S. Marshair and the
late "Kate Shearer and Susie Bet-fly, a native
Of Canada, aged 77 years 11 months and 13
c days. ■'...',.- : . ' .--.:.';■,'
C.v*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from th* parlcra
of | Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WOLLEB — December ' 12. IS9B, of apoplexy,
TKeodore |G.I Ed Wolleb. a native of • Ger-
' many, aged 70 years. ; Deceased was a mem-
ber of Universal Botherhood and of the Olym-
, pic Club. . - .
(CXFuneral services will be held this day
(Wednesday), at 12 o'clock, at Odd Fellows'
t Crematory. ■ Friends are invited. :
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL"EHA.
20 Fifth at., opposite Lincoln bchooi.
Telephone South 80.
IH. B. McA VOYT"Mana«er.~'^^T^3
McAVOY «ft co., ■) I
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS & EiiBALMSRS I
: 1235 Market et. between Bth and tth. '■ I
; Telephone, South 247. H
1112
HYMEN STOPS
THE MOUTH
OF SCANDAL
Stoddard and Miss
Wilson Made One.
NO FORCE IS APPARENT
RAILWAY MAIL CLERK REDEEMS
HIS PROMISE.
Eludes the Angry Father and His
Gun and Goes to the Altar Vol
untarily — Judge Barry
Performs Ceremony.
"I pronounce you man and wife."
As the fateful words that made young
Birhard C. Stoddard and pretty 16-year
old Irma E. Wilson one- fell from the lips
of Justice of the Peace J. E. Barry yes
terday afternoon in his chambers the cur
tain fell on a little domestic drama that
threatened to develop into a tragedy. The
brief marriage ceremony was the finale to
a series of exciting incidents in the lives
of the two young people during the last
ten days, in which the furious father,
threatening vengeance on the author of
his daughter's supposed wrongs and a
mother's love for her offspring and her
confidence in the honor of the youth
whom she had known from childhood,
were promlent figures. But now all is
per<=ne. The heartache of the mother has
been eased, the young people are appa
rently happy and the anger of the father,
if not already dissipated, will gradually
pass away after he becomes reconciled to
the humiliation of having been totally
ignored in the final consummation of the
matrimonial intentions of his daughter
and her well-meaning but imprudent
lover.
For the past two weeks J. P. Wilson,
whose residence is in Applegate, Placer
County, has been raging around town like
n. mad bull, swearing that he would per
forate the dandy looking railway mail
clerk unless the latter should forthwith
make his promise to marry Wilson's
daughter, whom the Applegate capitalist
claimed he had ruined. Stoddard was
kept on the run, dodging the irate parent,
and the girl became so frightened at the
turn affairs were taking that she tele
graphed for her mother, Mrs. Overly of
Reno. Nev. Mrs. Overly hastened to San
Francisco, arriving here a week .ago, and
had an Interview with Stodd"ard, her
daughter being present. The young man
pleaded for a little time in which to put
his affairs in shape. The mother accepted
his assurances and he departed on his
"run" to Ogden last Friday. When the
girl's father heard of the conference to
which ho had not been invited and found
that the object of his wrath had left the
city his anger knew no bounds. But he
tijj heipless to do any damage until
lard Fhoi:id return to the city, as the
mother was the legal guardian of the
child, and she alone coula invoke the aid
of the iaw. -which she declined to do. Con
sequently Mr. Wilson put his artillery In
orcer and waited.
Stoddard was due to arrive in San
MR. AND MRS. RICHARD STODDARD (NEE WILSON).
Francisco yesterday morning, and Mr.
Wilson announced that he would meet
him at the depot and force him to marry
his daughter at the point of the pistol.
Mrs. Overly also announced that she
would be at the depot when the train
famt' in for the purpose of preventing
possible murder.
Ip to this time the affair had been kept
from the public, but the whole story was
published exclusively in Tie Call yester
day morning, and its publication caused
consternation among all parties con
cerned. Instead of Mr. Wilson and his
Royal Blue
Semi- Porcelain, with Gold Dec-
orations. Sugar Bowls, Tea Pot,
Cream Pitcher, Pickle Dish
Fruit Saucers, Bone Dishes
Given away free with
American's Best
Teas, Coffees, Spices
GreatAmericanlmpoif Co.
CGI Market. » ? .P«w«ll 765 LcrXin St.
lAObixthSt. 1416 Polk St.
i1 8 1 hird St. 1819 Dcvlsadero St.
«ofl I- parity St. 2009 FH:m6re St.
140 Ninth St. 321 Mintstomery Av.
5510 .MissinSt. 100 Kentucky St.
8006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
855 Hayes St. 32 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES:
1059Wnshia?ionSt. 131 San Pablo Are.
•17 3roadwaT. 618 E Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St.
A.LAM EDA- 135* Park St.
SAM RAFAEL— St.. near Fourth.
We- also sell
China, QkocKEQY, (jLA6«wark
Cheapest Prioe 1 ' in, America
VtV+tm flitafeflM.
former wife being on hand to "welcome"
young Stoddard. an army of reporters
were gathered under the railway compa
ny's sheds to greet the Bmooth-faced
youth whose name is carried on the pay
rolls of Uncle Sam's postal department.
But The Call, with the story of what had
been done and what was proposed, was
ahead of them, and as the train pulled
into the depot Stoddard slipped off on
the other side of the cars and made his
escape, while his fellow-clerks pulled tne
wool over the eyes of the reporters.
As soon as Stoddard could make him
self presentable he hastened to the Hotel
Ramona to consult with his sweetheart
and her mother. The result of the con
ference was the trip to the marriage
license clerk at the City Hall and the
subsequent ceremony that put an end to
his troubles, including any danger of be
ing wiped off the face of the earth, tem
porarily at least. The bridal party con
sisted of the bride and groom, Mrs.
Overly, the bride's mother, and a fellow
clerk of Stoddard, who acted as best man.
Stoddard certainly did not act like a man
who was taking upon himself the serious
responsibilities that married life entails.
He even neglected to kiss the bride when
Judge Barry pronounced the final words
that bound them together for better or
for worse, and as soon as he could con
veniently do so he excused himself, prom
ising to rejoin his bride at the Ramona
later in the evening.
He hurried to a telegraph office and
sent a message to his father at Reno, say-
Ing he had been compelled to marry the
girl. Then he proceeded to celebrate the
"joyful" event in a manner that proba
bly caused him to forget all about his
engagement with his newly made wife.
His friends say positively He will not live
with his bride, and that he told her so at
Mrs. Overly is greatly distressed over
the publicity which has been given to the
affair and the allegation that the mar
i riage was forced upon Stoddard.
"It is all Wilson's fault." she said. "Ho
has been going around town threatening'
Dick's life and acting in such a manner
as to create the Impression that there
i was something wrong in their relations,
I when there was really no good ground for
| such suspicion. Matters finally reached
such a stage that I came on here to see
what I could do. I had a talk with Dick,
and ho told me frankly that he could not
afford to marry just now and I agreed
with him. Dick and Irma have been en-
I paged for several months, but they did
not Intend to get married until Irma's
seventeenth birthday, which will be on
May 2. 3899. After Dick left for Ogden on
his run last Friday. Wilson came tearing
to me, swearing terribly and making all
kinds of threats, until I was thoroughly
frlghtened. He declared he would moet
Dick at the train with a gun and force
him to marry Irma, I determined to be
there too and prevent trouble if possible,
but I changed my mind. Dick Is a noble
young man and has actf-d throughout In a
most honorable manner. He came to me
yesterday after he arrived in the city and
asked what was to de done, now that the
public had been made aware of what was
going on through Wilson's actions. We
talked it over and decided that they had
better get married at once. There was no
threats of force about It. It was a
voluntary marriage, and I believe they
will be happy together. Of course, as
Dick is In debt, mey will not live to
gether for the present. I shall take Irma
nome to Reno with me to-morrow, and
when Dick Is in a position to provide for
a wife they will make their home In this
city. I wish you would say that there Is
not a word of truth in the story that
Irma had been wronged. That was only
a suspicion caused by Wilson's reckless
talk. Irma had been living with me until
about a month ago. when I sent her to
her father at his ureent request. Sh* has
been stopping for several wwks with her
father and sister. Myrtle, at the home of
her aunt, Mrs. McDonald, at 610 Jones
street. Mr. Stoddard has known her
since childhood and he took her out a
great deal. In going afcout together at
night as much as they did they were un
doubtedly indiscreet, but there was noth
ing wrong and Wilson simply made a fool
of himself."
Mr. Wilson has been apparently lost in
the shuffle. He was not at the depot with
his gun and he was not at the wedding
he was so determined to brin* about. He
may still be hunting for Stoddard and he
may have betaken himself and his gun to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1898.
the hills of Placer county. At all events
the work he cut out for himself has been
accomplished without his aid, and he will
have to content himself with that fact.
Stoddard gave his age to the marriage
license clerk as 22 years, and his residence
532 Gough street. He formerly resided at
I that address, but has not lived there for
nearly three months.
"I met her as I would have met any
other woman." was the only explanation
the bridegroom gave. "She was a friend
of Mrs. Coffin, and Mrs. Coffin was a
schoolmate of mine. Last May I met Mrs.
Coffin in this city and with her was a
young woman. The young woman was
irma Wilson. I met her two or three
times in the company of Mrs. Coffin and
a man named Clancy, a jockey at the
race track. I became friendly with her,
and got to know her quite well.
"I have never seen Mr. Wilson. I ex
pected to see him in the crowd at the
mole thl? morning, but as I did not know
him I suppose I passed him by.
"When I came off the train I knew the
story had got out. There was a big
crowd waiting on our side of the train
and I got out on the other, and I went
right on to the boat.
"When I had reported off at the office
I went to my room, and after changing
my clothes I walked ,down to the Lang
ham Hotel. As I crossed the corner of
Mason street I saw Miss Wilson and her
mother at the windows of the Ramona on
Ellis street. Miss Wilson beckoned me
to come up. I had to meet them some
time, so I went up and had a talk with
the girl and her mother.
"Mrs. Overly told me that the old man
would surely kill me. She told me he had
been carrying a revolver for me for a
week and she said I had better fix things
up, as ho was laying for me and would
make trouble if I did not make things
"I had a long conference with Miss Wil-
son and her mother and finally I agTeed
to go to the County Clerk's office and get
out a license. 1 thought it was the best
thing I could do under the circumstances.
"I met the girl as I would have met any
one else on the street. I did not know her
in Reno. I met her occasionally at Mrs.
Coffin's rooms on O'Farrell street. One
evening when I wffK there Clancy came in
and then he and Mrs. Coffin left and we
(Miss Wilson and I) were alone.
"She was down here on a visit, I under
stood, and when I asked her how long she
would stay she said as long as she want
ed. I went up to the Royal Eagle with her
one night and there I registered as Rich
ard Stoddard and wife.
"Last Thursday I saw Mrs. Overly. She
said she would stand by me if I would do
the right thing by the girl. I said I
would. Friday morning she came to me
and said the only thing T could do was to
marry her daughter. I was going out on
the road Friday and so I asked her to
wait and I would tell her. Just before I
went away 1 received a note signed J. P.
Wilson, paying, 'You had better not go
out until you see me.' I went out without
seeing any one.
"On the way dgwn this morning I was
going to get off at Sixteenth street, Oak
land, to avoid trouble, but then I decided
to go to the mole for I did not think there
would be anything out of the way. When
we got to the mole the boys on the Oregon
< ppres hailed us and yelled out 'There has
been an expose,' and then I know there
was something in the wind.
"When the train stopped I got off on the
side opposite to that on which the crowd
had gathered, and I got on the boat with
out any trouble.
"So far as Irma Wilson Is concerned T
never knew her until I met her In this
city. I did not think she was only 16
years old. I would not have had any
thing to do with her if I thought she was
so young. She told me she was 18 and
I believed her. I never promised to marry
her. I had no thoughts of marying her
until her mother met me yesterday and
asked me to do so. I never saw the old
man, Mr. Wilson, but Mrs. Overly told
me he would surely kill me If I did not
marry the girl. I was sick of the whole
thing. I was not willing to raise a scan
dal and so— well, you know how It is— l
didn't think I was to blame but there
was only one way out of it— and— l mar
ried her."
Captain Charles Stoddard, the father of
Richard C. Stoddard, is a respected citizen
of Washoe County, Nevada. He. was
formerly assistant Postmaster of Reno
On the breaking out of the war he went
to Carson in command of Company C
First Nevada Volunteers, and remained
in the Federal service until mustered out
a short time ago. He was the Demo
cratic candidate for County Assessor at
the last election, and was defeated Cap
tain Stoddard resides in the outskirts of
Reno, on the bank of the Truckee River
with his wife and two chfldren. Richard
is the oldest child.
Mrs. Overly, then Mrs. Wilson, went to
Reno two or three years ago with her
daughter, Irma, and a year later mar
ried Chris Overly, yardmaster for the
Southern Pacific at that place.
Christmas Presents.
Pretty boxes of fine stationery,, sterling
silver desk ornaments, inkstands, gold
and fountain pens, siH'er and gold pen
and pencil holders. Bibles and prayer
books for Christmas in stationery depart
ment. Reasonaole prices on everything.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •
An Unwitting Smuggler
R. F. Gillette, a Chicago lawyer who ar-
rived on the City of Pekinp, was oblig-ed
to -ay $175 duty on a lot of silk handker
chiefs and other articles found in his ef
fects yesterday. TU- said that he did not
knnw that he had them, and that his
mother, who packed the trunks, placed
the goods there withon nis knowledge.
Lovely Be wineß surprise crowds dally. Why
Dot you? Mohas & KaJtenbach, 29 Market.
GOOD RECORD
MADE BY THE
CUSTOM ROUSE
Cargoes Rapidly Han
dled Here.
WORK DONE DAY AND NIGHT
BLUNDER MADE BY TWO DIS
GRUNTLED BROKERS.
Outside Examinations Are Held for
the Purpose of Expediting the
Landing oi. Holiday
Goods.
Two Custom-house brokers are com
plaining against what they term unneces
sary delays in getting imported merchan
dise through the Appraiser's department.
The allegation is made that the cargo,
consisting of silks, of the British ship
Shangtung, which vessel arrived on No
vember 14, was not taken out of the Ap
praiser's store until a day or two ago.
They also affirm that the cargo of the
Duchess Annie, which vessel arrived Oc
tober 28, is still in the basement of the
Appraiser's building.
The fact that the Coptic arrived on No
vember 21 and work was not begun on her
before last Saturday has been set forth
also as a cause of complaint by the dis
satisfied brokers.
The manner in which the Overland
Transfer Company is carrying out its con
tract is another item in the complaint,
and the statement is made that the com
pany makes the Custom-house business
play second violin to its other business. In
other words, that it hauls goods to the
Appraiser's store whenever there is noth
ing else for It to do. As a result of this
discrimination it is said that there are big
piles of merchandise lying on the wharves
awaiting the pleasure of the company to
be transported to the Appraiser's build
ing for examination and release. All these
incidents and conditions have worried the
two brokers, and they are complaining
loudly because of the delay.
John T. Dare, the Appraiser, his assist
ant. Jacob Shaen, and Mr. Stevens ex
pressed surprise that the complaints
should have b< >'ii made. Mr. Shaen said
that he had recently visited the custom
houses in New Yen:, Boston and .Phila
delphia and had carefully examined their
workings. The result of that examination
was his conviction thai in the San Fran
cisco Custom-house goods were rushed
through more expeditiously and with less
trouble to importers than was the case
with the Eastern custom-houses.
"In order to accommodate the mer
chants." continued Mr. Shaen, "I have
been going- outside appraising goods be
fore they reach the < ustom-housa in or
der to hurry along the holiday stock. I
have been doing this for the past two
months. Of course everybody wants the
holiday wares taken out at this time, and
the importers are willing to wait for the
other cla««es <>f merchandise. We are
working until late at night and even on
Sunday to oblige Importers."
With reference to the complaint against
the Duchess Annie. Mr. Stevens said that
the rule has been from time immemorial
to wait until a sailing vessel Is finally dis
charged before her cargo is passed. She
is loaded with rice, birds' nests, Chinese
gin and preserved ginger, not designed for
the Christmas holiday trade. Owing to
the present crippled state of the boilers
only half the elevators in the Appraiser's
bnildlnp are running, and there is some
delay on account of that fact. The boilers
were shut down for repairs for ten days
recently and that Is why there was some
delay in passing upon the cargo of the
Shangtung vessel.
From other sources it was learned that
the complaints originated with two bro
kers, one of whom is known as a
grumbler. Barring the defective eleva
tor service, with which Appraiser Dare
has nothing to do. the business of the Ap
praiser is in ship shape condition, and
for correctness and expedition rank
New York, Boston and Philadelphia.
ON THE FOOTBALL FIELD.
Lowells Rnd Belmonts Will Play Off
the Amateur Academic League
Tie.
At Recreation Tnrk this afternoon the
representative teams of Belmont and of
Lowell High schools will test their re
spective ability in a gridiron battle to set
tle the championship of the Amateur
Academic League. A week ago last Sat
urday the teams met for the same pur
pose, but so evenly did they play that the
game resulted in a tic, the score read-
Ing 5 to 5.
Since, that time the Lowell eleven and
the Belmonts have been grinding out the
hours on the field trying to improve them
selves for the battle of to-day. Coaches
from Berkeley and Palo Alto have been
visiting both places and giving the
youngsters the benefit of their caching.
Belmont's team will not appear on the
field In the best physical condition. Some
of its best material has suffered Injuries
of a weakening character, especially in
the case of Roberts, whose skull was
crushed in the last game. Lowell is in
fine shape and ready to fight for the
palms of championship glory.
Percy Hall of California" and Chester
Murphy, captain of Stanford's team, will
referee and umpire the game. The line-uo
follows:
Belmont. Positions. Lowell
Refton L. K. R dwell
Stow 1,. T. X Syrames
Stlllman ...1,.. G. R Cook
Carr Center Kldd
Cartwrlßht R. G. It Irving
Cr0we11..... R. T. L. Mlddleton
Sherman R. E. . L. Lurtt
Story ...Quarter Saunders
Klrkpatrlck U. H. R... ...Robinson
Hourh ;......R. H. L, ....Rooney
Reid..... Full Hooper
In the Divorce Courts.
Nellie E. Helnsch was granted a divorce
from Herman W. Helnsch yesterday on
the ground of failure to provide. Jo
sephine Hackett has been granted a di
vorce from H. L. Hackett on the ground
of infidelity. Margaret Johnson has been
granted her application for a divorce from
John F. Johnson on the ground of willful
neglect. D. McClennan, whose action for
divorce from his wife, Mrs. B. E. Mc-
Clennan, was submitted to a referee, was
granted a decree yesterday on the ground
of intemperance and cruelty.
Warm Presents Are the Rags.
This unprecedented spell of cold
weather has turned the tide of Christ
mas gifts into a rather unexpected
channel. Nathan. Dohimann & Co. re
port quite a run on their oil heater—
the "leader" — now selling at a reduced
price of $6. It's a home manufacture —
an economical and absolutely safe oil
stove, that does not smoke or smell.
Stolen Treasure Recovered.
Postal Inspector M. H. Flint of Lob
Angeles paid a visit to the San Francisco
office yesterday and announced that he and
Special Officer King had recovered the
$2045 stolen by the robbers in the recent
hold up at Oro Urande. The money had
been taken from registered l'ters and
packaKes and —as buried in the desert
with nothing to mark Its location but a
piece of white paper sticking out of the
sand.
Certificates for Immigrants.
The Acting Commissoner of the Immi
gration service at Washington has issued
instructions that certificates be issued to
all alien Immigrants hereafter landing in
the United States.
Tour eczema, dandruff, itching scalp or
any skin eruption cured with Smith's
Dandruff Pomade when all other reme
dleß fail. Price 50c, at all druggists. Sam
ple free. Address Smith Bros., Fresno,
Cal« •
McGLADE IS
INDICTED FOR
RANK FORGERIES
Grand Jury Finds Two
Charges.
AMBROSE TELLS HIS STORY
SCHOOL BOARD INVESTIGATION
FINALLY DROPPED.
Adjournment Will Probably Be
Taken on Next Friday After
noon — Attorney Dunne Files
His Report.
Peter McGlade, defaulting deputy of
the Street Department, the man who
betrayed the implicit trust of hi 3 friend
and employer, Superintendent of
Streets Ambrose, and robbed the city
of hundreds of dollars by means of
fraudulent and forced warrants, was
last night Indicted by the Grand Jury
upon a charge of forgery. The indict
ment included two counts; one for
forging the name of T. B. McGlnnis, a
deputy In the office of the clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, the other for
forging a warrant upon the City and
County of San Francisco, After bring
ing the indictment the jury wound up
its evening's session by deciding to
meet on Friday afternoon for the pur
pose of requesting Judge Belcher to
declare it adjourned.
The jury's investigation into the case
of McGladp was neither a matter of
difficulty nor of_ much time. Detective
Thomas B. Gibson, who has had charge
of tf?e case, had his testimony so ar
ranged and his witnesses so well
rounded up that all the evidence to be
taken was in hand within an hour,
and hall of the twenty-six witnesses
who had turned up in answer to sub
penas were dismissed without being
heard. Supervisors Haskins, Rivers
and Rottanzi of the Finance Commit
tee were the first heard, but their evi
dence was of no importance. They
were followed by Superintendent of
Streets Ambrose.
Mr. Ambrose made a frank, open
statement of every phase of the case
of which he was cognizant. It was
the first time that he had consented to
speak fully of what he knew of Mc-
Glade and his transactions, and his
plain statement convinced the -Jury,
were it not already convinced, that the
Superintendent and his office is not in
any way blamable, no matter what
unwarranted insinuations have appear
ed to the contrary.
Mr. Ambrose did not spare McGlade.
He told the jury that the former
deputy's position in the office was not
a political appointment, that he had
always been one of his warmest friends
and had always trusted him in the full
est and that the position had been
given him on the basis of that friend
ship. He explained how it had been
possible for McGlade to take blank
warrants from the office, but he stated
that he had never given him authority
to use his name. Mr. Ambrose also
exonerated any of the employes of his
office from complicity in his deputy's
crimes, and with that statement he was
dismissed.
Auditor Broderick and Thomas B.
McGinnls were also examined, as was
Expert Kytka, who testified that all
of the names, save those of McGlade
and the members of the Finance Com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors had
been forged. McGlade's signature was
genuine, and the bod of the bogus
warrants was written in his handwrit
ing. Kytka said he had discovered
seventy-five forgeries in all, and that
he deems McGlade guilty of them.
The investigation into School Board
crookedness has been finally dropped.
The jury decided to have nothing more
to do with it, upon the advice of Dis
trict Attorney Dunne, who reported
that any indictment brought for an in
fringement against the one-twelfth act
would be dropped through lack of both
evidence and sufficient law. The jury
will be probably finally adjourned on
Friday afternoon.
Prominent Evangelist Coming. j
George C. N.odham, the Irish evangel
ist, who has been making a tour of the
world, will arrive in this city by the next
Australian steamer. He is accompanied
by his wife, who has an enviable reputa
tion as a Bible lecturer. Mr. Needham
will address a meeting- for men at the
Young Men's Christian Association next
Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock, and at the
same hour Mrs. Needham will address a
meeting for women in the lecture room of
the First Congregational Church. This
will be the first visit of these renowned
evangelists to San Francisco.
Brewer Wins the Prize.
H. J. Brewer has won the prize of $100
offered by the Bohemian Club for the best
picture in the exhibition of paintings.
The award was made yesterday by a
committee of four appointed by James
A. Thompson, president of the club The
prize picture is a California landscape
and is numbered 19 on the catalogue The
picture was purchased several days ago
by Fred K. Tillmann and now belongs to
his private collection. In some respects
the prize canvas resembles the Keith
style of landscape painting. The cloud
effects suggest the approach of a storm.
MONTEREY'S GRAND JTTRY.
Investigation of the District Attor
ney's Acts Recommended.
SALINAS, Dec. 13.— The Grand Jury
this afternoon filed a partial report in
which after reporting the engagement of
an expert, recommended that the Board
of Supervisors investigate the action of
District Attorney Zabttla in having em
ployed M. R. Merritt, who is deputy
County Assessor, and William Zabala, his
brother, to expert certain books of the
county at a compensation of $10 a day
and determine the rights of all concerned'
It also recommended the calling of an
election upon the question of refunding
county bonds, amounting with interest at
7 per cent to $172,250, .and the issue of new
bonds of from $50 to $10i»0 each for $l",:5,000
at 4 per cent, payable within twenty
years.
TRAIN ROBBER'S FATE.
Clyde Bennington Sentenced to Life
Imprisonment.
LOS ANGEL.ES, Doc. 13.— Clyde Ben
nington, one of the Oro Grande train-rob
bers, was sentenced in the United States
Court to-day to life imprisonment in San
Quentin prison. Bennington is 22 years of
age. He turned State's evidence and
United States Attorney Flint gave notice
that he would recommend him to the
clemency of the President. Bennington
and Coll Jones were the two of the four
men concerned in the robbery who were
active in it. Jones was killed by the ex
press messenger.
Fire Destroys a Barn.
CHICO, Dec. 13.— Fire destroyed a large
barn containing flfty tons of hay on the
farm of Charles Hlntz, near Centerville,
to-day. Several thousand feet of lumber
piled near was burned. The loss is esti
mated at $2200.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AN ELEGMTjISPLAY,
All goods ordered for the HOLIDAY TRADE have arrived
and are now ready for inspection. During this month
(December) we will show a very choice assortment of NEW
GOODS specially suited for CHRISTMAS GIFTS.
LADIES' SCALLOPED AND EMBROIDERED LINEN HANDKER.
CHIEFS,
$1.75 to $36 Dozen.
LADIES' AND GENTS' INITIALED AND HEMSTITCHED LINEN
CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS, in great variety.
LADIES' AND GENTS' PLAIN LINEN HEMSTITCHED HANDKER-
CHIEFS,
$1.20 to $9 Dozen.
LADIES' FEATHER COLLARETTES AND BOAS, 18 to 54 inches
in length,
$2.50 to $25 Each.
LADIES' FUR SCARFS, in Mink, Stone Marten, Electric Seal,
Opossum and Black Marten,
$1.75 to $17.50 Each.
GENTS' FANCY SILK NECKWEAR, latest shapes,
25c, 50c, 75c and $1 Each.
LADIES' AND GENTS' MERINO, CASHMERE AND SCOTCH
WOOL UNDERWEAR,
$1.50 to $6 Suit.
LADIES' AND GENTS' CASHMERE HOSE AND HALF HOSE,
25c, 35c, 50c, 75c and $1 Pair.
LADIES' AND GENTS' KID GLOVES,
$1 to $2.50 Pair.
LADIES' AND GENTS' SILK UMBRELLAS,
$2 to $9 Each.
An elegant line of LADIES' NEW NECKWEAR, In Jabots, Stock
Collars and Liberty Silk Ruffs,
75c to $4.50 Each.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
\^Rl CALENDARS,
leather Goods
- i - AND OTHER V* .' '•*
227-229 POST ST. #215-219 BUSH ST.
A MERCHANT
WAS INVISIBLE
TO OFFICERS
He Long Escaped De
tection by Them.
Henry A. Boyd, alias Hanson Boyakin,
alias Henderson A. Boyakin, as he is vari
ously mentioned in the court papers in
the big Federal building, has earned the
added title of "the invisible Boyakin,"
and his name was stricken from the
criminal records ot the United States Dis
trict Court yesterday by a nolle pros, en
tered by United States Attorne- Foote.
Mr. Foote stated that his action had
been advised by the Commissioner of
Pensions, and the charge against the in
visible, defendant was accordingly dis
missed and his bail bond of $2500 ex
onerated.
Boyakin's court history is an amusing
illustration of the manner in which a
lucky man may evade the officers of the
law, simply by remaining at home and
carrying on his business as usual.
Boyakin was indicted by the Ignited
States Grand Jury on April 2, IS&S, as
Henry Boyd, alias Henson Boyakin, for
procuring false affidavits concerning his
claim for a pension. A bench warrant
was issued on the same day, and it was
placed in the hands of the "United States
Marshal. He could not find Boyd, and
on January 7. lKPrt. the warrant was re
turned as unserved.
Late in September, 1597, his mother, who
had been a witness before the Grand
Jury in the case, called at the clerk's
office of the United States District Court
for her fees, and in. answer to questions
put by Deputy Clerk John Pottira replied
that her son was keeping a coal yard at
3612 Nineteenth street. She was surprised
to hear that he was wanted by the
authorities and could not be foun^., for n:
name was in the City Directory and his
address was there also, he having kept
a coal yard at that place for seven y' e ;"" F
The next morning Boyakin walked into
the clerk's office and said that he had
learned through the issue of The Call or
the day before that he had been indicted
two or three years before, and he wanted
to know something about it. He iur
nished bonds and went home.
Then he became invisible again. It was
not until six months later that ne was
arraigned, and from that time until yes
terday the case slept on the ca.endar. In
the meantime the principal for
the prosecution had died, and the Govern
ment, realizing that no con% ; lct }°Ji a c '^
be had. ordered tae aismlseal of tne pro-
VOCAL students will find much that
is of value as well as of interrst in
the suggestions offered by
Mime. Cflltan Eordica
in the article entitled ' "Incidents in a
Singer's Life which she contributes to
the December 22d issue of
Free to every New Subscriber to the
Volume for J899, which will be the best
ever published by The Companion.
Beautiful illustrated announcement of
the principal articles and stories to be pub-
lished during 1 899 will be sent with sam-
ple copies of the paper Free to any address*
THE COMPANION CALENDAR FOR
1899— the most beautiful Holiday Gift
ever presented to Companion Readers
FREE TO NEW SUBSCRIBERS."
Every One Who Subscribes Now isf
f,}U<U an<l m «"ntionlnjc thJ» paper or
cutting out and encloHin K this hH p .
will receive the ? Companion every
week from the time of subscription to
January, 1900. Thin includes the
£2ft£r «£££!■ Holiday Numbers
and The Companion Calendar- mak.
tabie and d> y£2° l
*-i-*— , im — i ,— ,, .j~m^ii— n _m r* ~i_i~ii r*i"i_n_rL nn ii^^^^
PERRY mason & CO., Boston, Mass, A