VOLUME LXXXV.- NO. 26.
DANIEL M. BURNS' BETRAYAL
OF A FRIEND AND BENEFACTOR
BASE INGRATITUDE SHOWN
COLUMBUS WATERHOUSE.
He Was the Man Who Put Him on the
Road to Make an Honest Fortune.
Burns' Imprisonment.
D. M. Burns, who by the grace of
the Southern Pacific Company seeks
to step from a Mexican dungeon onto
the floor of the United States Senate,
is known by reputation to every man,
woman and child in California. That
reputation he flaunts in their faces
■with all the effrontery of a painted
denizen of the slums.
Burns first sprang into unenviable
notoriety when he retired from the of
fice of County Clerk of Yolo County
short in his accounts to the extent nf
$2500. which his bondsmen made good.
Burns afterward reimbursing: them.
This portion of his career was referred
to on the occasion of a mass meeting
in Metropolitan Hall about four years
ago by Captain E. Blennerhassett, who
used this language:
In the seventies Burns dropped into Yolo
County, a plausible fellow who would pat
you on the shoulder and tell you that it
was "all right." They elected him County
Clerk. I will tell you what occurred. Dur
ing his administration of the office of
County Clerk. Burns of Yolo became a de- !
faulter to the amount of, I think, 12500,
and he was arrested and put In the jug j
and kept there until his bondsmen took j
him out. I can prove this assertion, and ;
if Mr. Burns desires to arrest me for libel j
he can do so. I am not afraid of him.
Afterward Burns became Secretary
of State and while occupying that po
v sition became a defaulter to the ex
tent of $31,000. He fled to Honolulu,
but afterward returned and was tried, j
but escaped conviction on the plea that r
th* money wai stolen by his deputy, ;
Reynolds, the latter in the meantime '
having been acquitted of the same
charge, his defense being that Burns
wag the defaulter. Burns confessed
that he falsified the books of his office
to cover up the shortage.
After his acquittal on the criminal !
charge Burns was sued by the State for '
the recovery of the money, but he took i
advantage of the statute of limitations
and on that plea evaded payment. He j
still owes that :.um of money to the
State.
But Burns was not through with his
dishonest methods. While penniless
and still overwhelmed with the disgrace
of his official misconduct he was picked
up by one man when all others spurned
him, sent to Mexico, placed in charge
of a mine and was given a fair start
on the road to honest fortune. But he
chose the shorter cut, and by every art
of duplicity succeeded in robbing his
friend and benefactor of property
worth millions, though not without
having on several occasions adorned
the interior of - Mexican prison.
Now he is at large again, and for
purposes of it- own the Southern Pa
cific is striving by every means at its
command to place Burns in the United
States Senate.
It is not a pleasant task to spread the
infamy of a man before the world, but
The Call o-pr it to the people of Cali
forni to expose his dishonesty in all its
phases, that the country may know
what manner of person this gigantic
corporation is endeavoring to place in
on» of the highest of offices.
Burns' record in California is known
to all; it is the full story of his theft
of the famous Candelaria mine in Mex
lco and the robbery of his stanchest
The San Francisco Call
I friend that is now presented. This story
lis test told in an affidavit made by
Columbus Waterhouse, the victim of
1 Burns' duplicity, on July 13, 1891, about
; a year after he had discovered the
' treachery by which he had been plun-
I dered and had withdrawn in disgust
I from further association with his
j despoilers. This affidavit tells in detail
how Waterhouse had sent Burns to
Mexico, placing him in charge of the
I mine, and how Burns had repaid him
by resorting to every despicable and
unlawful means to defraud him of his
share in the property. The affidavit
i reads as follows:
State of California,
City and County of San Francisco, ss.
Columbus Waterhouse, being duly
sworn, deposes and says:
That he is a resident of the city and
county of San Francisco, State of Cali
fornia. That he entered Into an agreement
with one J. M. Bryan to go to Mexico
with a view of procuring a certain mine
and to furnish funds necessary for the
same, in which, if successful, said Bryan
and said affiant's nephew, C. P. Water
house, were to have a small interest.
That one D. M. Burns was then in Sina
loa, Mexico, and was to meet said Bryan
there, and they were to prosecute their
search together. Said Bryan met said
Burns at Culican, Sinaloa. Several mines
were visited. One was located and de
nounced. Papers were taken out and were
to be forwarded to affiant by said Burns.
said Bryan leaving the business in said
Burns' hands. However, no papers were
ever pent, to the great disappointment of
said Bryan.
The St. Nicholas mine was bonded and
considered a great bargain. The comple
tion of papers, etc., were also left to said
Burns for execution with the same result.
Said Bryan returned to San Francisco on
or about the 3d day of September, ISBB3.
said Burns remaining: in Sinaloa. Bryan
claims both these properties were lost
through said . Burns. On Brvan's re
turn trip he met one Otto Bran
dorf, superintendent of La Candelaria
mine, and one James D. Schuyler, super
intendent and engineer of the Culican
Railroad, also a passenger on the steamer.
An agreement was entered into between
said Bryan. Schuyler and Brandorf for
the procuring of a working bond from tne
Durango Gold and Silver XTTning Company
of New York, subject to said affiant's
approval. Said Bryan and Schuyler. when
the steamer arrived, called and reported
m affiant, and a basis of agreement was
entered into between said Schuyler and
Brandorf. who were about to visit New
York, and they agreed to make necessary
and proper arrangements with the own
SAN FK AN CISCO, MONDAY, DECEMBEB 26, 1898.
ers of La Candelarla mine for m. satis
factory lease or working bond for a term
of three years. After a thorough exam
ination of all papers, etc., by said Schuy
ler, with the assistance of Brandorf. all
being apparently satisfactory, said Schuy
ler reported to said affiant that they had
obtained for said affiant a bond for the
term of three years for the sum of fifty
thousand dollars ($50,000). said affiant to
pay all Indebtedness then due on the
mine for working and supplies to Don
Clementia Laviaga and the parish priest.
The bond was procured in the name of
said J. D. Schuyler and affiant. Said
Brandorf's expenses here and to San
Dimas and his return to New York were
furnished wholly by affiant. The mine was
was to be divided in interests as follows:
Said affiant was to receive seven-twelfths
(7-12); said J. D. Schuyler and brother
were to receive two-twelfths (2-12), and J.
M. Bryan and C. P. Waterhouse each
were to receive one-twelfth (1-12), and
said D. M. Burns, should he eventually
become interested, was to receive one
twelfth (1-12). Said affiant agreed to fur
nish the necessary means for working
the mine to the amount of ten thousand
dollars ($10,000). Arrangements were made
with J. M. Bryan as superintendent and
with said Brandorf to go to San Dimas,
and if the property proved satisfactory
after due examination to take possession
of the same by the authority of said Bran
dorf as agent of the New York owners.
Funds to the amount of seven thousand
dollars (s7oo^) were furnished by affiant to
aid Bryan and Brandorf with which they
were to settle all the indebtedness on the
mine.
On or about January 5, 1884, said Bryan
FROM THE
and Brandorf started for San Dimas over
land via Durango, and arrived at above
place on or about the 20th day of Janu
ary, 1884. The indebtedness of the mine
was found to be nine thousand and twen
ty-five dollars and seventy-seven cents
($9023 77). At the clos<' of March affiant's
expenses had amounted to eleven thou
sand six hundred and twenty-two dollars
and twenty-two cents $11,622 22). At the
close of July they amounted to eighteen
thousand seven hundred and eighty-two
dollars and eighty-six cents ($18.782 86). In
April said Bryan asked to be relieved of
the superintendency of the mine and to
have a successor appointed. Upon his
recommendation Fred Jones was sent as
superintendent, accompanied by Theodore
Ruppley and lievi David. They left San
Francisco in May, 1884, via Mazatlan, and
arrived in San Dimas in June, 1884. Said
Bryan returned to San Francisco by way
of Durango, arriving in San Francisco
September 4, 1884. The development of
the mine was continued under Jones' su
perintendency, assisted by said Brandorf
as clerk and Interpreter. In February,
PRISON CELL TO THE
1885, Jones asked to be relieved of the su
perintendency of the mine. Said Ruppley
returned to San Francisco on the 20th
day of April, ISBS, accompanied by said
Brandorf. Negotiations were entered
into with said D. M. Burns during the
month of April through the eager solici
tations of said C. P. Waterhouse to visit
and examine the mine and report on same,,
and if found satisfactory to act as super
intendent. At that time said Burns was
being criminally prosecuted by the State,
and was detained until June 1, 1885, at
which time he sailed for Mazatlan, en
route for San Dimas, and arrived there
the same month. Said Burns was to re
ceive a salary as compensation for his
services, with the understanding that if
he made a success of the venture he was
to receive a one-twelfth (1-12) interest in
the property. At said time the outlay
made by affiant had amounted in the ag
gregate to the sum of thirty-four thou
sand thirty-five hundred and ninety-one
dollars and ninety-one cents ($34,591 91)
and affiant thereupon demanded of said
Schuyler and brother that they (Schuvler
and brother) assign to affiant one-half
JJ I*.)1 *.) of their interest in said mine, or that
in default of said affiant that he pay his
pro rata of all expenses over and above
the sum of then thousand dollars ($lO 000)
previously agreed upon.
Said Schuyler complied with said de
mand and assigned to said affiant one
half (i*) of said interest. The said de
mand was made upon said Bryan and he
complied in a like manner. Said Burns
took possession of said mine as superin
tendent upon his arrival and reported in
favor of equipping the mine with ma
chinery. Arrangements were Immediately
made for the same. Said C. P Water
house on December 7, 1885. started ac
companied by Albert Schindler, a brother
in-law of said Burns, with the machinery
Said Schindler was employed at the
earnest solicitation of said Burns They
arrived in San Dimas in the latter part
of December, at which time affiant had
advanced in gold coin the sum of forty
nine thousand one hundred and fifty-three
dollars and four cents ($49,159 04) i n
April, 1886, pans, settlers, a new Bryan
mill, pipe and other machinery were
shipped to the mine.
Theodore Ruppley again returned to the
mine in June, 1885. but said Burns made it
so disagreeable for him that he was com
pelled to return. At the close of June
I*B6, the outlay made by affiant had
amounted to. the sum of sixty-nine thou
sand dollars ($69,000), and. about this time
one Givens, of the firm of Jones & Givens
both of -them intimate friends of said
Burns and said C. P. Waterhouse, solicit
ed affiant to sell to them one-twelfth (1-12>
interest in said mine for a one-ninth
(1-9) part of the outlay made by affiant,
■with the understanding and agreement I
that all of the outlay should be paid back
to affiant, and said Jones and Givens the
amount paid by them to affiant before any
dividends were to be pard.
On the 10th day of December, 1886, at
the earnest solicitation of said Burns, |
affiant visited the mine accompanied by '
one E. A. Sherman, as surveyor and civil
engineer. Affiant arrived there on the
25th day of December, 18S6. On affiant's
return he was accompanied b,y said
Burns. At that time the mine was a |
bonanza, the prospects were encouraging :
and affiant and said Burns decided to pur- !
chase a wire tramway for the purpose of |
carrying the ore from the mine down to
the mill. At this time said Burns repre
sented that he had examined and sur
veyed the mine, and reported that the !
workings underground were outside of j
the limits of the Candelaria mine, i
Affiant, trusting the representations of
said Burns, at his earnest solicitation and
after much persuasion from said Burns
denounced the adjoining ground, believ- I
ing it to be outside of the ground owned
by the Candelaria Mining Company.
This mine was named the Sacramento, |
and in it was located a rich bonanza. The
denouncement was made by affiant, said i
Burns and said C. P. Waterhouse for the
interest of the company, as heretofore i
described, and with the distinct under
standing that the same interest ratio and j
proportion as held by each party should i
continue to be held in the property ac- |
quired by the new denouncement and :
called the Sacramento mine. This de- !
nouncement was made during the month !
of January, 1887. In February, upon I
affiant's return to San Francisco, a wire ''
tramway was purchased and shipped to
the mine on or about March 16, 1887, at
which time said Burns also returned to
said mine.
In December. 1887, at the solicitation and
request of said Burns and said C. P. Wa
terhouse affiant again visited said mine
accompanied by said C. S. Givens. Affiant
also visited the Guadaloupe or Contra
Estaca group of mines, four miles below
San Dimas on the San Jacenta creek !
While in Mexico at this time affiant pur
coaled for the benefit of himself and his
associates the mills and water rights on
San Dimas creek, known as San Antonia
and Lucia, paying therefore the sum of
six thousand dollars ($6000.00} In Mexican
coin. During: this visit said Burns was
constantly with affiant and said C. P.
UNITED STATES SENATE?
Waterhouse and said Givens did not visit
the mme 'or' any of the mining property
but once, but were constantly in conver
sation together. Said Burns and said C.
P. Waterhouse, although the most inti
mate of friends, at this time pretended to
affiant that they were unfriendly to each
other. Said C. P. Waterhouse and said
Givens were apparently planing some
work or scheme to be undertaken. Said
Burns pretended to dislike said C. P. Wa
terhouse, and to believe that said C. P.
Waterhouse was unfriendly to affiant, and
stated that said C. P. Waterhouse was
lazy and of no use to him. Said Burns
solicited of affiant an additional interest
in the mine, stating that said C. P. Wa
terhouse was valueless, and led affiant to
believe that said C. P. Waterhouse and
said Givens were working against the in
terests of affiant, and earnestly persuaded
affiant to believe that if affiant would give
the said Burns an additional interest in
said mine that then said Burns would
always be friendly to affiant and pro- \
tect affiant's interests against all other j
parties, and said interest was given to \
said Burns on the distinct understanding j
and condition that all knowledge of it j
should be kept from said C. P. Water- j
house and others, and sni.' Purr* if- <">■!
that when the mine should be Incorpor
ated that he would prevent saiu U. Jf. i
Waterhouse from demanding more than !
one-twelfth (1-12) interest and led affiant j
to believe that if said C. P. Waterhouse j
should demand any additional interest in ;
said property that then said Burns would |
give it to him out of the interest which !
he was to receive. It was agreed that the |
stock representing the additional two
twelfths (2-12) interest, which affiant gave
to said Burns, should be taken out in the !
name of affiant as trustee and remain a
secret between said Waterhouse and said
Burns. All of these negotiations wore
part of a premeditated fraud upon affiant ;
and said Burns and said C. P. Water
house, as soon as said Burns had received !
an agreement for said interest, he and C. I
P. Waterhouse became again friendly, j
and said Burns related all of the circum- i
stances of the procuring of his interest to j
said C. P. Waterhouse, and upon incor- j
porating said C. P. Waterhouse demanded
two-twelfti.s (2-12) interest.
Affiant further avers that the gift made
by him to said Burns under said agree
ment was a conditional one with the con
ditions hereinbefore set out, and that by ;
reason of said conditions having not been ■
carried out affiant believes said gift to
have been canceled. That in the latter !
part of February, 18S7, affiant shipped a |
third Bryan mill to the mine, six more I
pans, two settlers, and other machinery. !
While affiant was in Mexico the last time
U aforesaid, the mine was a bonanza of '
exceeding richness and of very great and '
apparently inexhaustible condition. The I
mills were turning out from forty to |
seventy-six bars of bullion monthly. The
price fixed on said mine in case of sale j
was two million doi.ars ($2,000,000). One
Wilson, a well-known mining expert, ex- |
amined the mine and recommended its ;
purchase for said sum. On the 15th day ■
of April, 18S7, accompanied By said Givens, !
affiant started for the State of New York j
for the purpose of completing the pur
chase of said mine from the New York
owners. Upon affiant's arrival in New
York, said purchase was consummated
upon the payment of fifty thousand dol
lars ($50,000) in gold coin, and affiant re
ceived a deed from said parties therefor. I
In May. 1889. a great deal of talk occurred j
between affiant and Givens in relation to I
the incorporation of said mining prop- !
erty. Givens was all of the time con
sulting and planning with said Burns
and said C. P. Waxerhouse. All of said j
parties pretended to have some feeling
against affiant, and it now appears very
plain to affiant that their object was to
make affiant discouraged and to make !
him feel that there was a lack of har
mony and thus purchase his interest for
a trifling sum. Said parties insisted upon
having four of the directors of the. cor
poration, although affiant was legally en- ■
titled to three directors, and in order not
to have any lack of harmony, affiant ao- I
ceded to all the demands made by said I
parties, October, 1888, on incorporating
At this time also Bald Givens Immediate
ly took charge of the San Francisco cor
respondence, and the correspondence was
conducted as a personal one between
PHICE FIVE CENTS.
said Givens and said Burns, the superin
tendent of the mine, and as much knowl
edge as possible was kept from affiant.
This air seemed to be part of an under
standing, plan and scheme between said
parties. Said Burns immediately cam©
to California, and said Givens and said
C. P. Waterhouse refused to assist in
the incorporation until he had done so.
In fact said Givens prepared pretended
articles of incorporation, which were in
every respect illegal in form and had to
be rejected by affiant. Said Burns re
turned to California and said C. P. Water
house also returned from Wisconsin, and
the company was incorporated, to which
company a pretended conveyance was
made. The incorporation was formed
without the adoption of any of affiant's
suggestions, and without the compliance
of one of affiant's wishes, and immediately
said C. P. Waterhouse, assisted by said
Burns, demanded an additional one
twelfth (1-12) interest by reason of the
denouncement he had made, although
said C. P.- Waterhouse had been affiant's
clerk, at a salary of one hundred and fifty
dollars ($150) per month, and claimed that
by reason of having given said Burns an
additional interest that he was entitled
to the same additional interest, basing his
claims upon the assignment made to
Burns. This, of course, made it very
plain that Burns had violated his agree
ment and was working with said C. P.
Waterhouse. Said Burns, C. P. Water
house and Givens made affiant's life mis
erable and distracted, so much that finally
he consented to give said C. P. Water
house said additional interest. The cor
poration was organized, affiant was elect
ed president. C. P. Waterhouse vice presi
dent, C. S. Givens, secretary, and D. M.
Burns, superintendent. Thereupon the
office was immediately removed to the
office of Jones & Givens, and the general
management of the business of the cor
poration was taken possession of by said
Givens and Burns, and all of the business
was, as far as possible, kept from tne
knowledge of affiant.
At the time affiant was in Mexico he
made an agreement that of all other prop
erties acquired by him affiant should be
come the owner of nine-twelfths (9-12) of
the same. During the year 1887. before the
incorporation, etc.. affiant learned that
said Burns and said C. P. Waterhouse
had been using funds previously sent for
the purpose of the Candalaria mine in ac
quiring other mining property, and that
they spent quite a large sum of affiant's
money without affiant's knowledge of ap»
proval. and by reason of said expenditure
of money they have acquired what is
known as the Contra Estaca or Guada
loupe mines, which they have appropriat
ed to their own use. and of which affiant
should receive at least a nine-twelfths
(9-12) interest in, and affiant believes and
claims that he is the owner of a nine
twelfths (9-12) interest in all of said mla
ing property, and although the said mine
at all of these times was a rich bonanza
they claimed it was exhausted and
that it was in low grade ores
and waste, and stated at a meet
ing of the board of directors that the
mine had become a low grade proposition
and must be considered in that light; that
it would require great expenditure for
large and additional machinery, and that
the prospects of the mine were very poor
all of which statements were false and'
wholly untrue, but at that time were be
lieved and trusted in by affiant. All of
the correspondence at this time, with the
exception of a few short letters, were
kept secret from affiant, and affiant, by
reason of the representations made as
aforesaid, came to believe that the mine
was of small value. That said C. P. Wa
terhouse is the nephew of affiant. That
in his boyhood he was poor and without
means of support. That affiant gave him
employment, supported his mother for
him, and reared him from his boyhood
and was entitled to believe all that he
said. That affiant also took D. M. Burns
from the despondency of criminal prose
cution and a condition of the most abject
poverty, and gave him said position as
superintendent of said mine. That at all
said times said Burns pretended to have
a great aifection for affiant, he going so
far aB to say that affiant was hJs Christ
and Savior, and affiant believed and con
fided In said Bums' fidelity and truthful
ness to affiant. That neither said Buxna2
nor paid C. P. Waterhouse had a dollar
when they went to Mexico, but were sim
ply the employes of affiant. That affiant,
out of generosity ot heart and a desire to
help and assist them by reason of their
pretended affection for him, gave them as
a present the interest which they had.
That very much was said about the lack
of harmony between the parties at this
time and the apparent worthleeaneas of
the mine. Frequently Give.ns solicited
affiant to sell his interest in said mine,
and affiant did sell all of his interest in
said mine to said Givens for the sum of
t\ thousand dollars ($70,000.00). Since
that time affiant has learned that said
purchase was made In the interest of said
Gtvens, his partner Burns and C. P. Wa
terhouse, and the sale made by affiant as
aforesaid was the result of a conspiracy
entered Into by all <■!' said parties. That
affiant has learned that he was grievously
LUded, and that all of the statements
made by said Burns about the low grade
proposition of the mine were false. That
The Late COLUMBUS WATERHOUSE, Who Was Basely
Betrayed by Burns, the Aspirant for Senatorial
Honors.
at all of said times said mine was a bon
anza, and affiant, by reason of the malic
ious conspiracy and by reason fit" the po
sition he was in believing in the ridelity
of said Burns and Bald C. P. Waterhouse,
has been defrauded of his rights and is
entitled to reoelve a reconveyance of all
his stock in said mine and a conveyance
to him of the nine-twelfths (9-12) Interest
In all of said Contra Estaca or Guada
loupe mininK property.
That affiant is informed that said I >. M.
Burns has stated that he. the said lUirns,
paid to affiant the sum of $600,000 for af
fiant's interest In said property. That if
any such statemi in was ever mad.- by
said Burns it is wholly false and untrue.
That affiant never had any dealings or
business transactions with said Burns
6lnce October, 1888, and never sold to said
Burns any stock in or any Interest in the
said mine, and affiant never received one
dollar from said Burns in any manner
whatever. That affiant's stock In the said
Candelaria Consolidated Mexican Mining
Company was purchased by C. S. Uivens
as aforesaid. .
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
13th day of July, 189 L
Could anything be more direct, or
could anything be more dishonest?
Columbus Waterhouse, during his life
time, was too well known for anybody
to doubt his honesty, and that he was
positive of Burns' guilt is shown oy
the curse he called down upon the m;n
wh<> mbbod him.
When Columbus Waterhouse, who
was the uncle and benefactor of Clar
ence Waterhouse, was on his deathbed
he cursed these men almost with his
last breath. His words to those wno
stood at his bedside, as he thought vt
the ingratitude which had been his
reward, were:
"If it will do Burns and my nephew-
Clarence any harm m-- curses are upon
them. I hope to live long enough to
Bee them both die miserably in the
gutter."
The aged man learned too late that
he had been robbed by these men whom
he had trusted and who owed all they
had in the world to his kindness and
generosity. They had accepted his con
fidences and had used them to do irre
parable injury to him. He had ex
pected at least honesty from men who
had been so close to him. Not the care
fully laid schemes, dishonest services
and faithlessm ss that proved to be his
portion. All the treachery of these men,
one a relative, the other a trusted em
ploye, came back to him as he saw
his once rich estate dissipated by them,
although they had been intrusted with
its safekeeping. It is not strange that
when this strong man was BtricKen
down the mists were cleared from h:s
eyes and he saw the gross manner In
which his confidences had been be
trayed. Then it was that he cursed D.
M. Burns and Clarence P. Watt-mouse,
owners of the famous Candelaria mine.
But while Burns secured the prop
erty he did not go scot free, for there
are now on file in the State Depart
ment at Washington documents that
tell the official Btory of Burns' connec
tion with tli" theft of the Candelaria
mines, his arrest and imprisonment for
his act and the proceedings by which
one court after another reaffirmed the
justice of his conviction and confirmed
the sentence of imprisonment.
Picked up by Mr. Waterhouse when
he was friendless, penniless and with
out hope. Burns was sent to Durango
and placed in charge of the Candelaria
mine at a good salary. But scarcely
had he arrived there before he began
scheming with Waterhouse's nephew
and the others to defraud the man who
was helping them on to fortune. They
deceived him as to the value of the ore
being taken out; they induced him to
put in extensive and valuable machin
ery, and Burns succeeded in obtaining
a one-twelfth interest tinder a solemn
promise which he deliberately broke,
knowing when h<? made it that he did
not intend to keep it.
For his criminal operations D. M.
Burns was arrested, and upon the con
clusion of his trial he was condemned
Do you know the
most luxurious bath
in the world ?
Have you used
Pears' Soap?
to imprisonment. Through the influ
ence of the Secretary of State. Burns
secured his release on- bonds for $50.
000 pending his final trial. He fled to
the United States, leaving his attorney
to appeal to the Superior State Court
of Mexico. Here the case was retried
and the court held that Burns was
rightly convicted by the lower court.
The court held that the lower court
erred In granting bail, reversed the
order and confirmed the verdict of sen
tence and conviction. From this judg
ment Burns' counsel appealed to the
Federal 7 istrict Court on "Amparo"
proceedings, and that court confirmed
the sentence. Then the case was again
appealed to the Supreme Court of the
Federal Government, the court refer
ring the case to the vice president of
the court for a report.
The opinion and report of this Jus
tice is conclusive, the Justice supoort
ing it by quoting extensively from the
evidence and the criminal laws of i
Mexico, and he finally stated that the
prisoner was rightfully convicted, and |
that the penalty of imprisonment !
should be confirmed, as the evidence i
proved that D. M. Burns, the prisoner, ;
was the author of the fraudulent ap
propriation of another's property.
His conviction and sentence of im- |
prisonment having been approved by |
the highest court in the land. Burns !
launched a forlorn hope in the shape ;
of an "Amparo" appeal — that is, an ap- i
peal t,o the court for relief from the |
sentence.
The court by a bare majority gave
Barns liberty on the technical point \
that he held a Federal title (obtained I
through his act of declaring the mines j
deserted) to the Candelaria mines, and ;
whether it was good or bad, the. Su- j
preme Court in the Amparo appeal, had I
no right to investigate, and that the
prisoner could not be held for crime
until civil proceedings were had in the
proper court, and the Federal act and ;
the title given him under it had been
declared illegal.
Dr. Alfred A. Green and his brother.
Colonel H. M. Green, probably know
more about D. M. Burns' misdoings in
Mexico than any other living men, for
they are the ones who attempted to se
cure justice for Columbus Waterhouse
In the Mexican courts. Only a short !
time ago Dr. Green discussed the af
fair at length, amply demonstrating j
Burns' and his associates' duplicity. He
said:
1 will skip over the details and pass :
right on down to ISBB, when Columbus
Waterhouse sent a Mr. Ryan to look for :
mining properties for him in Sinaloa. He '
went to San Dimas. md as the result of
his trip Mr. Waterhoute secured a three
years' lease of the Candelaria, with the I
privilege of purchasing it at the explra- j
tlon of that time from the New York
company for $50,000. The company had I
made a feeble attempt to work the mine, !
hail sold ull other properties and had ;
barely made expenses out of the Cande- :
laria. Before the expiration of the I
years Columbus Waterhouse spent $80,000
on the mine and it was beginning to look
well.
It was at this stage that Dan Burns ap
peared on the scene. He wrote a pathetic
letter to Mr. Waterhouse, saying that ho
was disgraced politically and begging to
be sent down to the mine. Clarence ;
WatrrhoiiPe had also got into a scrape,
and at the request of his aunt Columbus
Waterhouse sent him down to the mine,
too. Soon aftfr reaching there the two
conspired to get rid of Ryan, and in this
they were successful. In the meantime
Burns h;id written to Mr. Waterhouse
begging for money— the letters are in ex
istence to-day— and giving a very promis
ing account of the mine. Burns asked to
be appointed agent for the mine, and un
fortunately Mr. Waterhouse listened to
him and sent him a power of attorney, at
the same time appointing Burns his
superintendent. Soon thereafter Mr.
Waterhouse visited the mine. When the
Candelaria mine was first denounced r
bad the adjoining property denounced
through Mr. Kels. because I knew which
way the vein ran. and called this new
mine the Chenery, out of compliment to
the president of the company. Mr. Water
house, being ignorant of Spanish and
| 'knowing nothing of the mine, was an easy
victim.
Burns?, acute, adroit, well up in a certain
1 class of political methods, made Mr.
Waterhouse believe that the wealth of the
Candelaria lay in the opposite direction to
I the Chenery, and induced him to de
i nounce. under the name of the Sacrmento,
what he thought was a new mine, but
what was really the Chenery. Thus, Mr.
Waterhouse denounced what was already
! his and gave Burns one-twelfth of the
mine for doing so. ]n the belief
that he had acquired a new mine, Mr.
AVaterhouse returned to San Francisco,
and then Burns commenced to scheme to
i get the entire property. It was Boon whis
! pered that he intended to condemn the
Candelaria as an abandoned mine. Ra
mon Castro, the prefect of Durango and
ex-offlcio Mining Judge, together with the
Padre Alvarado, helped Burns. Governor
I Jaun Flores also joined in the infamy and
■ became Burns' partner. Incredible as it
may seem, the Candelaria, Chenery, Sac
ramento and other mines were "de
nounced" because they were abandoned.
We have copies of the documents in
which Burns swore that he did not know
the former owners; that the mines had
been abandoned for a long time and that
he would open them up anew. While this
denouncement was being made the very
man, Ramon Castro, who was helping
Burns to the abandoned mine, was mak
ing reports to the Government to the ef
fect that the mine was taking out $50,000
a month, was employing a large number
of men and was receiving so many tons
of supplies. . These original reports of Ra
mon Castro, made at the very hour of
the perjured document, are in our posses
sion, or rather, that of the Mexican Gov
ernment.
Thus by perjury' and fraud Burns got
possession of the mine and came back to
this city with his new title papers. He
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1898.
declared himself to be the sole owner of
the mine, while Columbus Waterhouse,
incensed and helpless, sold his block of
stock in the mine for $70,000. No sooner
had Burns returned to San Francisco than
the mine began to pour forth its wealth.
>i I*9o I met Columbus Waterhouse for
the first time, and he related to me how
grossly he had been swindled. Then with
Colonel Green in IS9I I left San Francisco,
determined to make an effort to recover
the property. At Durango I heard that
Burns was trying to sell the mine to Hag
gin and Tevis, and that they, again, were
trying to sell it at a much higher figure
to some one else. '
In the official organ of the Mexican Gov
ernment I published a notification to all
that they would buy the mine at their
peril, as Burns had no title. Bijrns'coun
sel published a counter-protest totheeffect
that even though his client had acquired
the mine by fraud the statute of limita
tions had run against me. However, the
sale was no • longer posSiblr and my
brother and I laid the whole matter before
the President and his Cabinet. This re
sulted in an issuance of peremptory orders
by the Minister of the Interior to Gov
ernor Flores, Burns' partner, to Ramon
Castro and others Interested to forward
all the papers in the alleged denouncement
by Burns, as well as all papers from the
time of my denouncement ot the mine.
When these orders w«ere .presented the
Governor demurred and Castro swore he
would not obey. Then tfie answer was
sent back that all the papers had disap
peared. Fortunately copies of nil- of them
had been carefully preserved and are in
existence to-day. Months elapsed before
we coulu get authority to bring suit, and
during these months, owing wholly to our
reports of the trickery of this California
adventurer, the mining laws of Mexico
were revised completely and made similar
to our own.
Finally the case got to a hearing and I
got a Judgment against Burns. On ap
peal Burns won; but to win he had to
remove one Judge, through his partner.
Flores, and it cost him $so,OOO to win his
point. The honest Judge actually, Cin
cinnatus like, returned to his plow. I
know that this suit and another cost
Burns $5,000,000.
Now we are ready to fight again. The
decision which cost SSfi.ow was a tech
nical one only. We have able counsel and
plenty of capital to pursue our suit legit
imately. It must encf in the criminal pros
ecution of Burns, and the law of Mexico
Is such that a perjurer is ordered at once
to jail on the submission of proofs of his
crime. Nothing can Bave him ; the con
stitution decree* It.
There may be some little defects of
memory in my story, but this is the cor
rect version without reference to my jia
per.«. As for the min.\ I think it is worth
$2,000,000. The flght may be a hard one.
but let those who believe In the ultimate
triumph of truth nml justice encourage
those who are rying to put down fraud
and establish right, lusneas.
The late Columbus Waterhouse had
no closer friend than Major Edwin A.
Sherman of Oakland. l>oth were mem
bers of the Masonic order and during
the many years they were together the
ties of friendship were cemented. Major
Sherman resides In Oakland ■ and is
grand secretary of the Masonic Veter
ans' Association of the Pacific Coast,
having held that position for a score
of years. The story of Daniel M.
Burns' connect ion with the Candelaria
mine was confided to him by Mr. Wa
terhouse shortly before his death, and
since then the Major has little use for
the seeker after Senatorial honors. He
characterizes Burns' action as being
MOJOR EDWIN A. SHERMAN, a Close Friend of the
Late Colurr)bus Waterhouse, Who Denounces Colonel
Burns in No Uncertain Terrrjs.
ungrateful and dishonest and also ac
cuse" him of treachery of the worst
kl Major Sherman strongly denounced
I -.urns for his efforts to obtain political
honors. He says:
it wrmi.i be a disgrace to the State .and
Khaman In bo important a posi
nSiotheoM to which be aspires, as
i would i • extremely dangerous to have
him Identified with the treaty power of
""n/rS'mv many years' residence In this
State l nave gained a complete knowledge
of Dan Burns. I have always held him
In contempt ever since I learned of the
manner \n which be obtained possession
oftha Candelaria mine, which was once
the property of my best friend, Columbus
U SomcTn%r twelve years ago I was
asked by Mr. Waterhouse whether I had
foigotten how to survey and I informed
him that the knowledge and experience 1
had gained at the outset of my career was
not forgotten. He then told me of his in
terest in the Can. Maria mine and gaveme
glowing accounts of its richness His
nephew Clarence was at the mine in his
Interest and was in constant communca-
Uon with him. It seems that this man
Burns had immigrated to Mexico-it being
the nearest point for a fugitive from jus
tice to seek safety, and while traveling
about that country, he met Clarence and
the latter, seeing his stranded condition-,
out of kindness took him in. Burns with
in a short time gained complete ascen
dency over the young man and began to
BUireest means by which they could better
their condition. My friend Waterhouse
on their advice invested nearly $100,000 in
th« venture and being suspicious that he
was being duped, decided to visit the mine.
He asked me to accompany him on the
trip and to make a complete survey of the
property, agreeing to pay all my expenses
ana providing for my family during my
absence. To this 1 acquiesced and we
sailed on the steamer Newbern on De
cember 16, 1896.
\ little over a week later we landed at
Mazatlan and were met by Mr. Kelton,
the United States Consul, who was act
ing as Mr. Waterhouse's agent there.
Burns al^o came aboard, and within a
few hours we started for the property,
which was at San Dlmas, nearly two hun
dred miles away. The trip was over a
rough country, and although we were
fatigued on our arrival we went immedi
ately to the mine. I had very little oppor
tunity to see Mr. Waterhouse for the next
few days. ;is Burns took him on a tour of
inspection of the mine. Without consult
ing Mr. Waterhouse I began a survey of
the property and even made a prellminary
survey for an overhead tramway to con
vey ore to the mill. When we Ipft San
Francisco it was understood that our trip
would take at least three months, and
when Mr. Waterhouse came to me ten
days later and told me that we would
start for home in the afternoon I was
astounded.
He willingly agreed to my remaining
there to finish my work, and I was left
alone with only a Mexican servant. My
stay was fraught with danger, as the
banditti flourished. For the next five
months I was busily engaged in making
the necessary maps from my field notes.
Burns succeeded In winning Mr. Water
house's good opinion and even accompa
nied him to San Francisco. While there,
I later learned, he was given a large sum
of money with which to purchase
for Mexican officials. The total expend
of the transportation of Burns' famiiy
to the mine was also paid by Mr. Water
house.
Shortly before I left Mexico Mr. Water
house returned to the mine showing signs
of being depressed. He told me then of
Burns' ingratitude and peculiar business
methods and said that if he had not sub
mitted to Burns' requests Tie might never
have got out of the <eoufttry alive. By
treachery and sharp dealings Burns, got
possession of the mine and with Clarence
Waterhouse completely under his thumb
ran things to suit himself.
That is why I do not think Daniel M.
Burns is a fit man to represent this State
in the United States Senate. He has by
his conduct proved himself unworthy of
a position . of trust.
Columbus Waterhouse never recovered
from the treatment accorded i.im by
Burns. He would often sit in his office
and. ponder-over the duplicity of Burns
and the ingratitude of some men. A bet
ter, man and a more kind-hearted one than
Columbus Waterhouse never ' lived. He
was always ready to assist the needy and
no one in distress was ever refused aid.
Mr. Waterhouse was a Mason, as was
also Burns. The former was past master
of Mission Lodge, No. 159. past com
mander of Golden Gate Commandery No.
IG, Knights Templar, and a thirty-third de
gree Mason. Burns was suspended for a
long time for non-payment of dues, but
wns afterward reinstated. I could never
understand wny Mr. Waterhouse did not
prefer charges against him and have him
expelled from the organization. He was
either too forbearing or did not have the
moral courage to proceed against him.
I have never had any business relations
with Dan Burns and I would have been
loth to say anything about him, but
when such a man aspires to uphold the
interests of this State in Washington I,
for one, strenuously protest.
D. ML Burns stands accused of
treachery to his friend and benefactor
by his own handwriting. At the very
time he was pouring into Columbus
Waterhouse's ears discouraging reports
of the condition of the Candelaria mine
he wrote to Fred A. Waterhouse the
following glowing account of the out
put, and the still brighter prospects for
the future. It is a brutally frank and
open confession of his guilt, and reads:
La Compania Minera
"DB CANDELARIA,"
San Dimas,
Durango. Mexico.
SAN DIMAS. Juno 4th de ISSS.
F. A. Waterhouse, San Francisco— My
Dear Fred: Yours of May 16th came in
to-day and I am thankful for your letter.
You should write oftener, at least I would
be pleased if you would— your letters are
far between, but good.
I suppose the Governor and the madame
are having a fine time, providing it's not
too hot, though I don't know anything
about the Eastern climate. I've had the
shakes for a week every day, ami am
somewhat shaky now, but feel much let
ter to-day. The new pay chute is a fine
cue. It got a little thin during my trip
to Mazatlan, but it's coming- in strong
again. These weak spots occur In all
mines, Candelarla not excepted. Yes
Fred, we have the best mine that I know
of, and with milling facilities say of 40
ptamp capacity we could turn out $I,Vhioo
per month just as easy as you nonchal
antly smoke your pipe. And it is not far
off. Our policy, I believe, is safest and
surest t.i gn slowly along and build grad
ually. In the meantime we are develop
ing more wealth "a la vista," and the.
business becomes a certainty, for you
know a "little more means 5 cents," .and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
, Ko8o8o8o83oJ8o8!o8S o 8?o no 82 o !2o8So8io?jo;io»2o?ioj6 ono Jjo ?3 o ?go
> ■ ',•■"• •■■■■•. '*?
| DON'T BE A WEAK MAN. I
;■ -- ' _ ; *1
} '"". ". ■ j&sß&k-' on '^ give up because |
\lf ''P^^^^^ffl you rraine £ am - your natural g
' lil*y|iyL vigor. There are thousands °
\ Q^^^^^^^^S trie Bel^ after the of %
* £ n¥, f t va •' A V ' BBS iiT^l J * * I T ¥•(•*« S"
3 w|l if j jtm hlGCtriCitV 1^ lITI IT^ 1 * ;
0 I i^^L^^^Bß^^^^^^ Mm. * JJsSi i'
>,: I^L.- ■ '■l^J&^S'J.'.'M Wi It is the source of all strength.: S
> ' It wi 1 restore the lost energy, c
5 ! I! make tlle nerv^s strong and re- ?
.- i| I move all aches and pains. Try •!
,J, J ! fSlSS^®Sp^«r Jt Ask for Dr. Sanden's book, i'
> I K^^^^ l^^ "Three Classes of Men/free, rS
f DR. A. X. SANDEN, ♦—-——— — f
5. 702 Market Street, Corner Ke»rny, San Frutian. NOT IN DRUG STORES. :
* , Office hours. Ba.m.to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 • • — — .- ; *;
, to 1. ' Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 232 West ' D Sanden's Electric . Belt i C
> Second street; Portland. Or., 253 Washington 's never sold In druir stores gj
? street; Denver, Colo., S3l Sixteenth street; nor by traveling agents; only c
, . Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street; Butte. Mont., ■ at our office. r ~
> 110 North Main street. : ' *— — — — ♦ *
s*BBoBpjEBo'BbBbBbBBbBB o 880 88 o S3 o Bio 8080808088080808 6 880 8? o 8* o lie
we are adding a little more all the time
and getting out more 5-cent pieces all the
time.
Our production during these dry months
has been much more than I hoped for,
and the developments eminently satis
factory. In short, we should not com
plain. I've had no letters from the Gov-
I ernor since May 5 from Indiana, prob
ably the next mail will bring some— l've
; grown so accustomed to receiving a letter
! by each mail for the last three years that
S it's really a disappointment to have the
I mall come in without a line from him—
i the Governor is a very satisfactory cor
i respondent, for he takes a letter up and
: answers it in detail. Well, Fred, it's
! three years the first of this month since
| I left San Francisco for Mexico and three
: years the 15th inst. since I arrived in San
; Dlmas, and I can look back upon the
trials, obstacles, difficulties, etc., with a
sigh of ralief— how very different then and
i how different now — for now I know we
have not struggled in vain. My whole ex
istence has been and is now wrapped up
in the business— l think of nothing else
and have no ambition other than my pres
ent vocation. Well, I've twittered you
will say long enough, so good-night and
write soon again. Yours truly.
D. M. BURNS.
We shipped twenty bars yesterday.
Other letters are hi existence; letters
written by Clarence Waterhouse and
others, all of which throw lipcht upon
the stupendous conspiracy to gain pos
session of these mines at all cost. Mex
ican officials were bribed, according to
some of them, and the Mexican Gov
ernment was cheated as Columbus
Waterhouse was robbed. But enoueh
has been given to show D. M. Burns'
connection with the scheme. Burns
was the central figure in the conspir
acy. He it was who planned the whole
affair, and he it is who profited most
by the conspiracy.
The wealth that should by rigrht be
long to the estate of the late Columbus
Waterhouse saved Burns from serving
the term in a Mexican prison to which
he was justly sentenced and richly de
served, and it is more of this ill-gotten
wealth that is being used now to place
him in the United States Senate.
It cannot be that California is pre
pared to, thus honor this unpunished
convict.
LOS ANGELES TIMES
GOES OVER TO GRANT
Otis' Paper Deserts Senator Bulla on
Cabled Instructions From
Manila.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 25.— Strenuous ef
forts are now being put forth by the
friends of U. S. Grant to secure for him
the support of Southern California mem
bers to the Legislature for United States
Senator. A sensation was created here
to-day by the fact that the Los Angeles
Times came forth in favor of Grant, ad
vising his election as Senator as against
Robert N. Bulla of this county, for whom
eight Republican members are instructed
to vote first, last and all the time. In its
editorial the Times takes occasion to say:
The fact la plain to every man In the State
who is familiar with the movements of politi
cal heelers, who are in the business for what
there is in it, that a ring of pothouse politi
cians in San Francisco, bucked by William F.
Herrin, the pulitical attorney of the Southern
Pacific of Kentucky, is moving heaven and
earth to seat Daniel M. Burns In the chair at
Washington now occupied by the Hon. Stephen
M. White. This being the condition that con
fronts the Republican party and the honest
Democrats of the State, it is meet that they
should consider severally, at least— and jointly,
as a last resort to save the honor of Cali
fornia — what is to be done to prevent consum
mation ot this unholy deal to disgrace not only
the people of this commonwealth, but the dis
tinguished body to which it Is proposed to send
a dishonored ex-State official; an ex-Mexican
Jailbird, and the promoter of a sport which
has ruined and disgraced some of the most
promising young men and most prominent offi
cials of the Western metropolis.
The Times has been waiting with Impatience
to discover a candidate who ehouTd develop
euch an amount of strength as would seem to
make It possible for honest Republicans (and,
If necessary, the equally honest and patriotic
Democrats) in the Legislature, to rally around
him and thus insure the overthrow of the
Bcheme concocted In iniquity to elect Daniel
M. Burns, or some creature of the Southern
Pacific Company whom he may "name." The
Times has with care and patience made an In
vestigation Into the claims of strength put
forth liy several candidates for the high office
of Senator and firmly believes that as the
matter etands at this moment, U. S. Grant of
San Diego is the only honest man who has
any show to win. As is well known, this
newspaper, more than one year ago, announced
Itself unequivocally for a Senator from the
south and It has never receded from that po
sition, despite the fact that the Republicans
of the north saw fit to bestow upon this end
of tho State the honor of presenting to Cali
fornia the man to be its next Governor.
But the Times has never been hide-bound in
favor of a Senator from the south. It has
always been ready to support the best man for
that position, no matter where he might hail
from. We have been waiting to see brought
out a strong, able, untrammeled man for the
Senate, who could neither be bamßoozled by
tricksters, bought with corporation gold nor
frightened by the frown of Collis P. Hunting
ton; and whether he comes from Mendocino, or
Santa Cruz or Orange, we have stood ready
to give to such candidate ready and loyal sup
port. The man to-day who comes nearest to
filling the bill, and the only man who has a
following more than a corporal's guard (other
than I>an Burns), is U. S. Grant of San r>iego.
It is for California to say whether it desires
to be represented in the United States Senate
by a son of one of America's greatest warriors
and Presidents, a gentleman, a man of affairs
In the business world and a reputable, honor
able and distinguished citizen, or by Dan Burns,
whose only recommendation to public favor la
the fact that he is an adroit and disreputable
political boss, who does business In conven
tions for an oppressive corporation, an owner
of racehorses and patron of the turf; a man
who hns a Jail record in the republic of Mex
ico and a one-time official of the State who
was short in his cash and went out of office
in disgrace.
Friends of Senator Bulla here are not at
all surprised at the attitude of the Times.
It is what they have been expecting for
some time. It Is known that for some
days past Grant's representatives have
been In cable communication with General
Otis at Manila, and the editorial appear
ing this morning is the result of cable in
structions received from General Otis.
Bulla has not lost a single vote of ths
twelve his managers claim for him for
this section as the result of the position of
the Times. Southern California, save the
Republican votes Grant originally had, is
solid for Bulla, and will be as long as
there is any prospect for the election of a
Southern California man to succeed Sen
ator White.
Spiders' Webs.
It has been calculated if a pound of
thread made from spiders' webs were re
quired it would occupy nearly 25.000 spid
ers a full year to furnish it.
ADVERTISEMENTS, -
r^HiaiiHlßßßißiisMiiiittiiliiiW
i v 8
FS j£f/. — 1 'ii trade this nugget for that pouch of Seal," BtDL |
P . cBSl : — Not at all— there are other nuggets. |
m
I-: There is nothing that can be satisfao- |
1 torily substituted for |
1 Seal of North Carolina I
£i «__._—^———^
I Hundreds of attempts have been made |
i during the last ten years to equal it, but I
I nothing has ever satisfied the public as |
I well — in a plug cut pipe tobacco. Have |
E you smoked it ? I
fi
g ■J"he Original Plug Cut— ; |
§, I Always the same — I
g Mild and Cool. I
"■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■BBsnnmn
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
S«>( lIIIJI> PACIFIC COMPANY.
 (PACIFIC HTSTKM.) . . . .
NAN I'ICANCINiO.
' (Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From Deo. 18. 1893. — ait rive
•6:OO» Nllee, San Jose and Way Stations... *8:43 a
" :O<»\ Benlcia, Suisun and Sacramento 5:49p
7:OOa Murysville, OroTtlleaud Redding via
; Woodland. ...;.;.....:.. 5:4»p
7:OOa Elraira, VaottTille and Ramsey B:*3p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
C'alißtoga aud Santa Rosa 6:1.1p
B:<>oa Atlantic Kxpress, Og<l«n and Kast.; Bil3p
M:UOa .San .losu, Lirermore, .Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Plaoerrille,
MarysTllle, Ouieo, Red Mu11...... 41 1 3 t
n-.;iO\ 'Milton, Oakdale and Jamestown... 4tlSp
9:04*4. Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno ISiISp
HsOOa Fresno, BakerstieM. Santa liurlmra.
, Los Angeles, Denilng, Xl Paso,
New Orleans and Kant... B:4Sp
10:OO\ Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations ?d3p
■ »:OOji NUea, 14 venu<ire, Stockton, 4acra- . '
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalla, ■
Porterrille rrrr. J:lsp
■l:OOp Sacramento Rirer Bteamen.'. ..'....:' "SiOOp
4-.OOP Martluex, Han Ramon; Vallejo,
Napa, C'»llstog», Sim Itosa Oi 1»a
4iOOp Benlcia, VacafiUe, Hacramento, , '.
Wouilland, Knights Lauding,
MarysriUe, OroTllle.. .'-.... 10:45 a
4:!IOp Nlles, San Jose and Stockton ....... ?<lSp
B:OOp8an Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Btkersfield, Los
Angeles. , 9:45 i
S:3op Stockton, Merced, Fresno.... 12:lSp
s:!iop Martinez, Tracy, Mundota, Fresno,
. Miijavß, Santa liarbara and l.i.s
Ani;el«s. .......*....". »i4sa
•;5:SOp Pacinc Coast Limited. Xl Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rook, St.
Louis, Chioago and East.,... $6: 1.1
Dt3Op i Santa Fu itout... Atlantlo Kxpress
for Mojme anil Kast. 8:4.1 p
OiOOr Knropenn Mall, OgilHii and Kast.... 0:4.1 a ■
6:00p Huywards, Niles and San Jose 7:4»a
•«:Ooi- Vallejo IS: I ftp
JTiOOp Vsllejo, Port Ooota and Way Sta-
tions ;... ;. J9i4^p
StOOp Oregon Maeniniento, Marys-
villß. Itfl-lliits, l'ortlaiKl, I'mj^t
'bound Mid Kast. Sil5 A
alOtO.tp Sunset Limited. Fresno, Lot
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and East ...^ M;4.lp
SAN I<KA.M)R<> AMI lUYWAK».S J.OCAIu
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 Belrose, S)'inii,:ir\ I'ark, '
H:OOa Flti-liltnrjt. Klinfiurst, . ' ' 6:€sa
<0:OOa Kan I.eaHdro, South San (*tt:l^A
lO.OOa l.fHiiiliO. Kstutllllo, 10i4.1a
i1I:OOa ■ Loi^nzo, Cherry • 12:4. ip
a»«Op Bn j - , <1:45p
2 -oHp ii*iimr.iii. «;*»?
4 .OOP i Rtm« lhloU(t i, to Niles. 7.43P
,; t From Nlles. 1.
COAST IK VINION (Nnrron <.:ui c).
(Foot of Mnrkut Street.)
8:1 »A Newark, Century Me, San Jope, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Cruz and Way
Stations .1:30*
•8:l.1p Newark Centerrllle, San Jose. New
Almaden, Fulton, liouMer Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way -
■ Btationa »IO:.1Oa
4:1.1p Newark, San Jose and Los Gates... U:2oa
tl 1:4 5 p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way StHtionw..;.. ..-■■■.■:■•■:...::.. *7:20y
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
/Rom SXN FIUMCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)--
♦7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. Jl:00 *2:30 J3:00
•4:02 . t5:00 *6:00 p.m.
from oA.2l.AND— foot of Broad waj.— -0:00 8:00 ' 10:00 a.m.
113:00 *l:00 t2:00 „ . *3:00 {1:00 , 's:ooi-.M.
~ r ~- - COASI DIVISION (Krouil tinuge).
(Third mid Townaend 3t».)
7:OOa Man JoKOHiiil Way Httitli.ns (New ' "
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....... l:SOr,
9:00 a Han .liwa, 'J'res rim*, Hun;;i Cm/.,
i'aciiic (jmto, Pasti Rubles, San ■
I mm <».ii|>i>. Guadalupo, Suif uud
I'rlnoiiml Way NUtli.tis 4:1 Or
IO:4Oa San .line ami Way 5tati0n5......... »Biooa
.I1:3Oa San Jose and Way stations ....... 8::«3a
•a:4si- San Mate.., Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Sum June,
Ollruy, Ho'.listor, : Smita Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey ami I'ai'li'.r
C.rnxo.... :.. • ...... *lO:S6a
•»i!»OpSati.Tosean.UV»y Stations *0i»Oa
•4tlSr San Joseainl Principal >V»yStßtlnitB «:45*
•StOOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:115 a
5:30p San Josh awl Principal Way Stations B:30p
6::t«i> San Jose and Wny 5tati0n5......... 7:SOp
tl 1:4.1 1- San Jose ami Way Stations 7«:iOp
A for Morning. . - V for Afternoon. ■
• Sundays asoanteil t Sundays only, t Saturdays only
Mondays and Thursday*. nTueudays and Saturdays. -
Saturdays and WeAneflday3. liThursdnyn and Sundays «
The i*ACiri<'TKANMrKK«:ONI AM r
• Jr. call for and check biggago from lintels ami reel-
fieures. Enquire of. Ticket Agents for Time Cards and
otln-r information.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10, 1898, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. j North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday - ... ' Sunday - «er.
Daily. Exo'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
B:2o am 10:30 am Stockton ( 3:45 pm! '6:sm pm
10:10 am 2:o6pm Merced;. 12:40 pmj 4:oSpm
11:40 am 6:3opm Fresno . 9:30 am: 2:32
12:38 pm 7:4 spin Hanford 7:45 am I:3spm
3:20 pm. 12:30 am Balcersfleld j 2:30 am 11:25 am
12:. r )Spm! B:sopm Visalla ~: | 6:4Oam| I:lspm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
. For particulars of stage and other connections
inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
street, San Francisco ; . . '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS; SCENIC RAILWAY. ;
.. (Via Sausallto. Ferry.) .
Leave San Francisco, commencing' Sunday;
Sept. 11, 1S98: ' ■ ■
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:43. p. m. ...
Sundays— 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1. '•
TIIOS. COOK & ; RON. Arents. 621 Market :
street. San Francisco. ■" ■
Weekly Gall $1.00 ' d o;
RAiLBOAJ) TRAVEL.
CALIFOSNU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE '
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL..
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:35,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra" trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at I.JO
and 11:30 p. -m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30, 3:30. "
6:00, 6:20 p. m. - '• '■ ' ■ ■■ ■■ ■■'■'' i
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.. i
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. 'm. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 8:35 p. m. '■ ■ - : .
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40;
5:00, 6.25 p. •m. . ■ •
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen . Park
same schedule as above. ; *
Leave "- ■ .'.'.-.» , Arrive ,, 
San Francisco. ...In Kflect. . San Francis^, •" *
' October 16; ! -^— — M — * '—"■'-
Week I Sun- ■ 1898. -< ' Sun-" | Weekr,- '
Days. I days. : Destination. days. I Days. 1
i _ > _ _____„ I
7:3o amf 8:00 am Novatd, _ 10:40 am B:46 iarn ■
3:30 pm] 9 :3oam Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 anr
s:lopm s:oopm .Santa Roea, -7:35pm 6:22pm
Fulton,
7:30 am :'■-'.* Windsor, '■ 10:25 am
Healdsburg;, •■ ';•'.'■'■
' .-. I.ytton, •
'.•^•.'_' " Geyserville,
3:30 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Hopland ■ and • ■ • -'•
7:3oam 8:00 am Uklah. ; 7:35pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am ' 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm ' 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma . 10:40aml B:4oam
and ,
s:lopm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:22pm,
7:3oam 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm[ 6:00 pm 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West .
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale • for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, ': Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, .Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah .for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter.
Springs, : Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's. Bucknell'B,
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Booneville, Orr's
Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal, Willltts. Laytonville, Cum-
ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,' .
Scotia and Eureka. . ■ .- .■ .•
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. '
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates. '«.-_.■ ••:
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bid*.'
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN; -
General Manager. Gen. ■ Pass. Agent. -
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 8
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES- .
DAY, Friday.
Arrives in Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following Thursday, ,• Saturday -
and Tuesday— Arriving- In New.
York at l:3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob-,
servation Car and , Electrio
Lighted Sleeping Car. .„. V
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express. ■-■■.■
SAN FRANCESCO TICKEfITICE— MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1631.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway. • : , • •
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street. :T '■'■■.•'■■''
San Jose Offioe— We3t Santa Clara St.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAoT
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AN 1 SAN ItAFAEL. ■•»- -*
WEEK DAYS— '7:2O, •9:30, U:00 a. m. : . *1,:43.
3:45, 6:16, *6:00, 6:30 p. m. ' • ' 1
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on- Mondays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p.- m. ! ;
SUNDAYS— 'S:OO, *10:00, '11:30 a. m. , • •1:13.
3:00. '4:30. 6:15 p. m. - . ■
Trains marked * run to San Quentlr '■
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, «6:33. .7:45, •.':> a. m.;
•12:20. 2:20, *3:45, 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m; '• '■■
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. •8:00, . »10:00, *11:55 a. m
•1:15. »3:10. 4:40. »6:20 p. m. . .
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM mill-Valley to san FRAXCisco.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, • 6:45 7:55, '<* a. m.;
12:35. 2:45, 3:50. 5:20 p. m. - ,'„■ " '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays;
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. . . „.* „_..,■..
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05,- 1:20, S:2>V .
6:00, 6:20 p. m. ■•- :.-. . ■ ' ■-:
• : : THROUGH TRAINS, r • • .
7:20 a.m. week days— Cazadero ar 1 way-sta,ns.
8:45 p.m. Saturdays— Duncan » lfffll .and % V d >'
stations. :,?&Stg&BB& l & s &>&' ' ."'■ ' '
S:3O a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills r " 1l! wa >' sta -
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAN A BITTERS. THri
great Mexican remedy; give*' health and ;
strength to sexual organs, repot. 323 ■ Market.STAMPEDE OVER
ICE HAS BEGUN
FROM DAWSON
Indignant Miners Resort to the
Boycott to Break a Corner
in Staples.
Extensive Preparations in Progress to
Operate Placer Holdings — Rich Strike
on Thistle Creek.
BY SAM W. WALL.
Special Dieratch to The Call.
PAWPON' CITY, Nov. 20 (via Flat
tie. Dec. 25). — The Yukon has closed
and .he winter stampede out over the
Ice has begun. The :j: j stopped run
ning on the night of November 1. but
traveling upon it has not been con
sidered safe before to-day, although a
few of the overeager and adventurous
started several days ago on the shore
Ice.
Jack Carr. formerly United States
mail carrier and the man who last
■winter came up from St. Michael,
etarts to-day, carrying this dispatch.
The last few days have been cold
enough to warrant the belief that tlv:
river will be closed all the way up.
To-day the mercury stands at 44 de
grees below. The frost in the keen air
attaches to everything, so that every
feature of the landscape is entirely
■white, the buildings of the city, the
«arth, the trees in their most delicate
outline, and the vapor over all.
The river closed quietly, being fixed
by a sudden descent <<r the thermome
ter to 30 below. There was no jam
near the city, as was the case last
year. Heavy ice floes had been run
ning for some days and they simrlv
came together and remained, so that
the surface, while not inviting to
ekates, does not present the jagged ap
pearance it did last year. Those who
contemplate a trip out hope, and some
of them believe, they will find it su
all the way to the lakes.
Heavy and unusual wind storms have
prevailed for several days, accom
panied by snow. This, halving cleared.
will be of benefit rather than other
wise to the trail maKers, as it will
drift upon ana smooth over the rouch
places.
Although trade is dull now. a great
many merchants contemplate going
out over the ice to bring in new stocks
of goods, hopeful that the swift ex
changes and big profits of the spring
and summer past, will repeat them
selves in those seasons coming, and
this, notwithstanding the fact that
■warehouses by the block are stacked
•with goods of every description.
■ High prices still prevail, of course,
and a. certain few articles, which have
litf-n cornered, are in demand at extra
high prices, but with the approach of \
another open season, and other ship
loads of goods, it is only reasonable to
believe that those who are now hold
ing their big stocks at big prices, will
come down.
Immediately upon the closing of the
river prices were advanced on many
staple articles of food, such as fresh
meat, canned vegetables, butter, milk
and so on. This met with indignant
protest from the working miners up
the creeks. A meeting was held and a
committee sent to town to learn who
of the merchants had so advanced
prices, with Instructions to advise them
that they would be boycotted, and the
boycott is on. Many of the miners de
clare they will do without the articles
rather than purchase at the high prices,
as they declare the advance is with
out reason or excuse, a mere extortion
based upon the necessities of the min
ers, a necessity that grew out of their
confidence that the merchants were
and would remain satisfied with the big
profits they were making at the ex
isting prices. Just what gave rise to
this confidence it would be difficult to
explain.
The prices of certain food supplies
.prevailing are as follows: Flour, $S
per "sack; corn meal, (30 to $35 per hun
dredweight: oat meal. 30 cents per
pound; coffee, $1 per pound; tea. $1.25
per pound: cocoa. $2 per pound; bacon.
60 cents per pound; hams, 60 to 75
cents per pound; butter, $1.50; milk, 75
cents; cream, $1: rice, 30 cents; evapor
ated potatoes, 50 cents; sugar, 50 cents;
coal oil. per gallon, $1.50; candles, per
box. 58: baking powder, $1.50; navy
beans. 15 cents: canned vegetables, 50
cents; beefsteak, 51 and $1.25; pork.
$1.50; mutton. $1.25; moose, $1.25 per
pound.
Several of the big corners that were
being perfected toward the close of the
season were spoiled by the arrival of
new stocks at the very last moment.
"This was true of butter and glass. In
• the last days of October the little glass
in town brought such prices as $2.25
'• for an 8 by 10 pane, and butter was
'quoted, though little sold, at $5 a pound.
•A scow load of butter and another of
glass arriving down among the big ice
cakes and making a successful landing
Interfered somewhat with the specu
lators, though it was not allowed to en
tirely break the charm. An 8 by 10
pane of glass still brings $1.50, although
there appears to be plenty of it on sale.
A number of rafts and barges carry-
Ing meat, provisions and other salable
goods passed down the river during the
run of ice. being unable to effect a
landing. This i? offered as an excuse
In some cases for the rise in -rices. A
few barges of meat are known to be
gttick in the ice within twenty mile* of
the city up and down the river. The
meat will be brought in with doc: teams.
The dynamos being brought in by the
Dawson Electric Liarht Company are
also in the ice, some hundreds of miles
up the river. The noles are up. the
wires stretcher) p.tiri --erything is in
readiness awaiting the dynamos, which
•will hardly get in this winter. In the
meantime the Standard Oil Comnnnv
and the acetylene gas agents are look-
Ing well.
But th*> distinct hit of news from
th's camp lit this time to be recorded
and noted is that times — that is.
general business is — decidedly dull. The
complaint is heard from one end of
' Front street to the other. Dealers in
furs, clothing and general merchandise
other than food sunn'!e«*. Halm to be
scarcely able to "iy their r^nts out of
their revenues. The rents of stores al
ready odcupied still remain nt the high
est summer figures, although new
buildings are beetnnlne: to nffer large
concessions to winter renditions.
Th cold weather and the snow has
put the winter trail to the mine" Into
pood form and for the nast week the
freighting of nrovis'ons for the winter
out the several creek? has been under
; Tray. The freighter* »*•»*•« »ffpct»'i nn
' organization T'l establ'«»hed a sched
' tilf of rates tn'nt ranee f rom R cents i
pound to the Forks, at Bonanza and El
Dorado, to 30 cents to Lower Discovery
on Dominion. The rates are considered
fair •■nough by those who have tried
the trick themselves, but they will
compel all but the wealthy miners to
do their own freighting. The trail over
the divide to Dominion is a very trying
one, even with an empty sled.
Now and then the customary scandal
has developed from an attempt to build
a tramway from the Klondike up Bo
nanza to the mouth fEI Dorado. The
first company undertaking the work
failed, leaving a large indebtedness to
workmen and others. The Government
turned the franchise over to Tom
O'Brien, a wealthy pioneer Yukoner.
who paid the debts, built the bridges
and got the roadway in such shape as
to form an excellent trail. The coun
cil then granted O'Brien the right to
charge pedestrians 50 cents for travel
ing <>ver it, 1 cent for every pound the
pedestrian hauls over it for himself i
and 5 cents a pound for freighting as i
a business. These charges have creat- j
ed a storm among the miners on Bo- |
nanza and El Dorado. Five cents a
pound was the charge to have ben ex
acted had the tramway cars been set
running for the freight carried on !
them. Miners are just now giving their |
itteiition to getting their winter's
provisions from Dawson to their !
caches, 'out a great deal of work is be
ing done at the mines.
I made a run over the principal i
creeks since the ice in the river stopped •
communication with the outside. Prep- j
arati"!is for the same big working of
Bonanza and El Dorado creeks, as was
carried on last year, were apparent !
everywhere on those creeks, beine '
much more general than last year, the
work extending to the head of both
creeks.
On Dominion the work of develop
ment extended from 10 above Upper
to '2-H below Lower Discovery, a dis
tance of over twenty-eight miles. No
pans, such as Bonanza or El Dorado
have turnpd out, have yet been washed
on Dominion, but a steady run of hich
pay seems to mark the whole lenath
of the creek. Wherever holes are sunk,
single pans run from 25 cents to 75
cents. But on? case of disappointment
was reported to me, where two men had
given up a lay after sinking two holes.
When it is remembered that nine holes
had to he put down on the richest of
El Dorado's rich claims before pay was
struck, this argues little.
Sulphur Creek is showing eouallv
encouraging prospects with Dominion.
though her bedrock and the nay
is considerably deeper, requiring much
more wood-burning and labor to get at
it.
Bench claims on Dominion and Sul
phur are proving as interesting to :
rs as those of Bonanzo and El
Dorado French Hill and Skookum. A
claim opposite No. 4. above Lower Dis
ry, paid as high as $420 per day
to the nicker last summer and fall.
This fact, together with the discvery of
rich diggings on creeks well out of the
circle, which wiseacres have 'Irawn
around the El Dorado dome.asmarking
the limits of the gold deposit, would
to demonstrate that the possibili-
ties of the ice-bound land as a gold
producer are still to lie guessed at.
On tiie Stewart River, of which so
much was hoped, and toward which bo
many set out from the States, only
about 200 men will winter, and these
chietly on its mair. tributary, the Mc-
Questen. It is reported th.it only two
white men will winter on the Stewart,
at"iv-- the McQuest< n.
There has been a strike on Thistle
Creek, however, which enters the Yu
kon twenty mil'-s this side of Stewart,
that has created lively inter. s\ and a
continued stampede. So many have
gone there thr.t a station of the mount
ed police has been established at the
mouth of the creek and the town at the
mouth of the Stewart is practically de
serted. It is reported that t- to the pan
was taken out on Discovery and an
other prospect three miles further up
developed $1 to the pan. I cannot vouch
for this.
While the miner and prospector con
tinue their struggle, for riches in the
field the city of Dawson, which depends
for its existence on their success, has
developed 'wonderfully and now pre
sents nearly all of the features of a
modern city of the States. -^So many as
three social clubs have been formed and
have established luxurious quarters,
where they entertain in excellent fash
ion. There are three large and nicely
appointed hotels, in the atmosphere of
any one of which one may easily imag
ine himself "outside." Ther are two
theaters, both of the variety order, and
to secure entrance to either it is only
i necessary to patronize the bar. The
entertainment afforded in both of these
compares very favorably with that of
th» same order in San Francisco. The
latest of these to be established is the
Tivoll. It is owned by Robert F.lei of
San Francisco, who came down th^
river only last July, but who imme
diately stood to the front in the hust
ling little city. Mr. Blel to-day opened
th. third, and perhaps th" handsomest.
and certainly the most substantial of
the three big hotels. It is "The Mel
bourne," located on Second avenue, op
posite the Alaska Commercial Com
pany's block.
The city's incorporation proceedings
are moving slowly. Two long ordi
nances have been presented to Commis
sioner Ogilvie, and his signature is
necessary to either before it may go
into effect. In the meantime seven
candidates for the Mayoralty have de
\ veloped and are working out their s>v
! eral destinies. They are C. Wills,
banker and late Commissioner to Ot
tawa on behalf of the miners: V.". H.
Smith: J. W. Mo ison; >m O'Brien:
i L. Woodworth, attorney; A. J. Banner
: man and Dr. W. S. Barrett. These are
all Canadians, as required by the ordi
nances, but of the number. J. w.
Morrison is a long-time resident of
Juneau.
Notwithstanding the quantities of
provisions to be had for the buying
there are nevertheless many who are
already listing themselves as destitute,
claiming to be unable to secure work.
The American Consul General, McCook,
is being daily called upon for aid and
the Salvation Army has established its
"Shelter," where men are fed and
housed after spending an hour or so
In the woodyard.
The quadruple hanging that was
scheduled to take place on the Ist of
November has been postponed for at
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 2«, 1898.
FRESNO COUNTY OFFICIALS
ACCUSED OF MALFEASANCE
DISTRICT ATTORNEY SNOW INSTRUCTED TO BRING PROSECUTIONS.
The Fresno County Grand Jury on Saturday returned its third batch of accusations against officials. During
the preceding two days it had found accusations against the City Trustees of Fresno and the County Board of Su
pervisors. The latest returns are against Supervisors Sayre. Manly. Rose and Garrett, ex-Supervisor Ward, Sher
iff Scott, Auditor Barnum, Tax Collector Moodey Constable Shaw, Constable Albin and County Treasurer Whitson.
District Attorney Snow has been instructed to institute proceedings. Except in the cases of the Tax Collector and
the Treasurer, the charges are that the officials paid out public funds in salaries to deputies unlawfully. The suit
against the Tax Collector is for the salaries of his assistant and deputies and also for commissions on the collec
tion of taxes. These commissions are now the subject of litigation, the county, in common with forty other coun
ties in the State, having entered into contracts with lawyers to bring suit against the State for their recovery. The
suit authorized brought against Treasurer Whitson is for $375, the amount paid by the Supervisors to Attorney C. C.
Merriam for which the Grand Jury charged them with corrupt misconduct in office.
least three months. On the nisrht of
October 31 preceding the intended hang
ins, when every detail had been pre
pared, it occurred to Judge Dugas that
the following day was All Saints' day,
a statutory holiday in Canada, that,
like Sunday, carried all official acts
over to the next day. He issued a re
prieve for the one day. On that day
the lawyers for the condemned men
made their plea that there was iw war
rant for hanging the men on the 2d of
November. The Judge considered the
point well taken and the matter goes
to Ottawa. The men were sentenced
by Judge Maguire, Judge Dugas' pre
decessor, and the odd part of it is that
he named Tuesday, rather than Mon
day, the usual hanging day under the
English order of such things. Three of
the men are Indians, condemned for
killing Billy Meecham on the McClin
tock River, and the fourth. Edward
Henderson, condemned for shooting his
partner, named Peterson, an Lak' I.-
Barge. Henderson is a very sick man
with a chronic complaint and it is be
lieved will die before another execution
day arrives.
"HOODOOED" VESSEL
DESERTED BY CREW
Seamen Forego Th?ir Pay and Suffer
Imprisonment Rather Than ; Re
main at Their Posts.
TACOMA, Dec. 25.— Fourteen sailors,
comprising the crew of the British ship
Walter H. Wilson have deserted the ves
sel, leaving several months' wages behind.
They make no complaint and assign no
reason except that one or two seamen
profess to believe the ship Is "hoodooed."
The Wilson arrived at Victoria recently
after having encountered a terrific
typhoon on the way from Japan. During
the typhoon her ballast shifted, one man
was hurt seriously, the sails were
whisked away and the ship forced to lie
to fifty-six hours.
As Boon as the vessel reached Victoria
the crew became restless and eight men
refused to work. They were tried before a
magistrate and sentenced to two weeks
in Jail. They served the time and re
turned to the ship. Again they refused
duty and again they were taken into
court. The second sentence was three
months in prison at hard labor. How
ever, when Captain Doty was ready to
come to Tacoma he decided to bring the
men with him. and they were released.
When Port Townsend was reached four
of the men made shore, and as soon as
Tacoma was reached ten more were off.
The crew was shipped at Philadelphia
seven months ago and has sailed with the
«nip and Captain to Hiogo and back
across the Pacific. Captain Doty Is a
pleasant man. He says he had no trouble
with the crew at sea. His encounter with
the typhoon was the worst he ever ex
perienced Twelve stanchions were brok
en, several sails carried away and when
the ballast shifted it was feared the ship
would sink. The entire crew shoveled
ballast fifty-six hours to right her.
CHRISTMAS IN CAMP.
Seventh Army Corps at Savannah
Enjoys the Holiday.
SAVANNAH. Ga., Dec. 23.— Christmas
in the camp of the Seventh Army Corps
came as near to being a civilian celebra
tion as is possible in military life, practi
cally all army restraints being suspended
except morning and afternoon calls, and
the men were left to enjoy themselves in
their fashion. The Third Nebraska, Col
onel William .1. Bryan's old regiment, had
a fund of $V">o sent from home for a
Christmas dinner. This was apportioned
aiii'in^ the companies. The Second
Louisiana also had $1000 for a Christmas
dinner, but tins regiment spent its Christ
mas at sea, having sailed yesterday at
th< :- ! r ii"*t Texas. Several
officers and men took dinner in the city
with citizens, thougn there was no con
certed movement for a spread for the
troops, as on Thanksgiving day. To-mor
row also will be a holiday for the troops.
CATHEDRAL RUINED BY FIRE.
Church Edifice in Harrisburg Dam-
aged by names and Water.
HARRISBURG.Pa., Dec. 25.— St. Pat
rick's Pro-Catholic Cathedral, the church
of the Bishop of Harrisburg Roman Cath
olic diocese, was ruined by fire this after
noon. Shortly after 1 o'clock a blaze was
discovered in the rear of the church near
the altar and the Christmas decorations
were soon ablaze. The flames ran up the
rear wall and got between the roof and
ceiling, poshing their way to the front
of the church. The entire interior was
flooded with water before the tiro was put
out. The altar ornaments and sacred
vestments were saved. The organ was
ruined by heat and water. Loss $14,000,
fully insured. Electric light wires cross
ing caused the fire.
Succumbs to His Injuries.
FT'I.LERTON, Dec. 25.— Elisha Speer,
who several days apn was the victim of a
runaway accident, <lled to-day from the
effects of the Injuries received. Mr. Speer
was formerly a wealthy and influential
resident of Albuquerque, N. Mex.
DON CARLOS WILL
NOT ABDICATE.
Intends to Play the
Role of Dictator to
the Bitter End.
LONDON, De:. 26. — The
Ven'ce correspondent of the
Times says : Don Carlos,
who is in perfect health, de
sires me to deny absolutely
the report that he contem
plates abdicating. On the
contrary, he says he is more
resolved than ever to fulfill
his role to the end.
ROME. Dec. 25— The A^enz
ca ltalano asserts that a
German syndicate has prom
ised Don Carlos a loan of
30,000,000 francs in three
installments, the first when
he has 10,000 men under
arms, the second when he
has captured Bilboa, capital
of the province of Biscayc,
and the third two months
after operations are com
menced.
WILLIAM J. ENGLISH
WEDS MISS SUTRO
Marriage Solemnized at the Resi-
dence of Bishop Montgomery
in Los Angeles.
LOS ANGKL.ES, Dec. 25.— Miss Clara
Sutro, daughter of the late Adolph Sutro.
the famous Pan Francisco mining man,
Mayor and millionaire, and William J.
Knglish of Chicago were quietly married
this afternoon at the residence of Right
Rev. Bishop Montgomery, who officiated.
Mr. English arrived In this city on Fri
day and immediately procured the mar
riage license. He then Joined Miss Sutro
and her brother, Charles Sutro, who had
arrived the day previous. The marriage
was solemnized here in order to avoid the
notoriety which would have ensued in
San Francisco. The brother of the bride
was the only witness to the ceremony.
Mr. and Mrs. English will remain here
for a few days and will then journey to
New York. They contemplate a trip to
Spain, and upon their return to this coun
try they will take up their residence in
< Malcago, the home of the groom.
Mr. English isa widely known attorney,
being a member of the firm of English &
H» fi'ornan of Chicago. He Is also a mem
ber of the Chicago School Board and is
president of the Chicago Bar Associa
tion.
RESOLUTIONS AGAINST
IMPERIALISTIC POLICY
Central Labor Union of New York
Opposes Expansion and Alliance
With England.
NEW YORK. D<-c. 25.— At a meeting of
the Central Labor Union to-day resolu
tions were adopted in opposition to "the
policy of Imperialism and expansion be
yond the limits of this continent and the
islands that are within its natural and
1( Kitimate sphere of influence." Resolu
tions also wctp adopted in opposition to
an alliance with Great Rritaln.
GOVERNOR-ELECT GAGE'S
HOME AT SACRAMENTO
California's Chief Executive and His
Family Will Occupy the Mc-
Cleary Mansion.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 25.—Governor
elect Henry T. Gage has selected his
place of residence for the four years of his
official term. It is the handsome Mc-
Creary mansion, located at the northwest
corner of Tenth and L streets, diagonally
opposite the Tenth and L streets en
trance to Capitol j irk. The Governor
elect could not have selected a more
home-like place of abode, nor one which
could be more appropriate by reason of
situation. In architecture it is typical of
| the more elaborate Sacramento residence,
! Hs large verandas affording an Ideal spot
! for the enjoyment of the delightful sum
: mer evenings. The circlet ct electric
I lamps upon the dome of the Capitol
sheds its light full down upon the house
[ which the Governor-elect and his family
j will occupy, and from the veranda the
very best view of the magnificent white
i structure is to be had. both day and
night. The house is furnished in taste
; ful style, and Governor-elect Gage will
i have a home which will no doubt meet
all his requirements. Its grounds are
' ample and luxuriant with semi-tropical
I trees and flowers.
SHOOTING FOLLOWS QUABivEL.
Young Girl Killed by a Youth Who
Attempts Suicide.
NEW YORK, Dec. 25 — Mattle Remly, a '
17-year-old girl, was shot in the heart and '
killed to-day at her homo on Eighth j
avenue, by Frank Nulty, a postoffice j
clerk, 19 years old. At the same time I
Nulty «<hot himself through the head and j
was taken to a hospital, and it is believed '
he will die. Nulty was formerly a suitor !
of the girl, but recently they quarreled.
OPENING OF THE SAN
JOSE COURSING PARK
Two Thousand Spectators Witness
Speed Contests Between Hares
and Hounas.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 25.— The San Jose
Coursing Park was successfully opened
to-day, about 2000 people being present.
The total purse for the opening slate was
$310. Results:
Nancy Lee beat Masterpiece; Rustan beat
| Commodore; Gilt Edge b.'at Long Shot Con
\ ley; O. K. Capitol beat Perfection; I>ark Rus
| tic beat Colleen; Forget beat Bendaloiiß; San
dow beat Bonnie Scotland; Llnwood beat Da
rien; Alameda ran a bye; Black Jack beat
Madge Wildfire; Motto heat Breach of Prom
ise; Dempsey Lass beat Qu^en Ann; Lexor beat
Speculation; Faultless Beauty beat Flush; Be
nieia Boy beat For Persecution; Clare B beat
Oregon Hoy; Mnster Mat beat May McKinley;
Kerry Gow be.it <lallajrher; Forgive beat Ki'i
larney Lnss: Prince Jerome boat Black Patti;
Report beat Belle; Precita Girl beat Free Silver
Boy; Tippemry Lass heat Lady Marlon: Jersey
Liiy beat Hard Times; Hlue Rork beat Fred
rricksburg; Hillsdale beat Tlilsbe; Magnette
ran a bye: Sllkwood heat Lady Islington; Wil
: ful heat Miss Itrlzzle.
The semi-flnals and finals ■will be run to
morrow.
LOS ANGELES COURSING.
Christmas Meet Supplies Excellent
Sport for a Large Crowd.
LOS ANGELES, Deo. 25.— The run down
in the big Christmas coursing meet at
Agricultural Park, a sixty-four dog open
stake for a purse of $600. took place to-day.
The San Francisco dogs ran In fine form,
and most of them are in the run-off to
morrow. Judge John Grace of Ingleside
officiated, with James Grace as slipper,
and gave general satisfaction. There was
a big crowd, and the sport was first class.
The run-offs to-morrow promise fine
sport, and a great time is anticipated. The
score follows:
Hattle beat Lady in Black. 16—0; Lassie
Hays beat Snug. 12—2; ABC beat His Free
dom, 10 — 5; Fleetwlngs beat Rex, 13 — 5; Daisy
Hamburg: beat Midnight, 12—3; Kitty Scott
beat Lady Acnes, 12—2; Occidental beat Little
Cripple, 10— 0; Hadiwtst beat Tip Sledman,
34—4; Macs Melody beat Orpheum Lass, 5— 2;
Reliable beat Van Brulle, 7—2; Queen Keep
b*>at B B and B, 7—5; Nashville beat Domino
12— S; Lillie beat Lady ■Washington, 7—3: Glen
Rosa beat Hardshell. 12—2: Lady Herschel beat
Wingedfoot, 14—3: Premier beat Happy Maid,
6— "•; Oladiator beat Torpedo. ]6—9:6 — 9: Reliance beat
Loa Lunas, 12—1; Get There beat Revenge (after
a tie), 7—2; Tlie Ghost beat Clover Leaf, 11—3;
Lady Wallace beat Kmerald. 2S— 2: Doncaster
beat Anty, s—o; Mountain Belle beat Ormonde,
10—9; Enterprise beat Master Jack. ."—4: Light
foot t>eat Orpheum Lass (a bye), s—o;5 — 0; Rose
wood beat Alice, 7—6; Rest Assured beat Fleet
wood, B—2: Fair Ros.iline beat Mollie Bawn,
2fi— :<; T'ncle Sam beat Lady Xapoloon. 22 — 1 -
Bo Peep beat Jean Valjean, 34—1: White Dia
mond beat Van Tralle, B—2;8 — 2; Innocent Daisy
beat Sprig o1o 1 the Hill, 7—4.
Coursing at Stockton.
STOCKTON. Dec. 25.— The first of two
days' coursing at Goodwater Grove under
the auspices of the San Joaquin Coursing
Club attracted a big crowd to-day. The
forty-dog stake got no further, than
through the first ties, and the finals for to
morrow are the subject of heavy pools,
following was the run down:
Maiden beat Omaha Kid: Calnux beat Gen
eral Arthur; Seldom beat Happy Girl; Tip beat
Magnus; Arno beat Nabob: Marietta beat Cas
cadel; Little George beat Peaceful Glen; False
Alarm beat Etta A; Magnet beat Yellow Kid;
Lady beat Smuggler; So Are We beat Robin
A; Port Costa Lass beat Duke of Oakgrove;
Hazel Glen beat Village Belle; Magnesia beat
Our Climate; Rosa B beat Lady Boswell: Mar
jorie M beat Lodl Maid; Salvator beat Tom Cy;
Mission Tin beat Bay State: Eelisarious beat
Don Jose; Searchlight beat Maud S.
First ties— Maiden beat Calnux: Seldom beat
Tip; Marietta beat Arno; False Alarm beat
Little George; ' Magnet beat . Lady; : Port ■ Costa
LaBS beat So Are We; Magnesia beat Hazel
Glen: Rosa B beat Marjorie M: Mission Tip
beat Salvator; Bellsarloua , beat Searchlight.
Daisy Bell Takes First Money.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 25.— There .was a
light attendance at the coursing matches
to-day, but the betting was lively. The
results were as follows:
Open stake — Daisy Bell won, Promise Me sec
ond. Maid of Erin third.
Papling stake— Black Diamond won, Prim
rose second, Geyser third.
CHRISTMAS
DAY IS DULY
OBSERVED
Usual Feasting at
Home and Abroad.
PRESIDENT ATTENDS CHURCH
AND HEARS AN INTERESTING
SERMON BY DR. BRISTOL.
In Cuba the Soldier Boys Made the
Most of the Holiday and Dined
on Turkeys at Seven
Dollars Each.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 25.— Christmas
was observed very quietly in Wash
ington. The weather was cool find
bracing. The President and Mrs. M<^-
Kinley have several friends from Ohio
stopping at the White House and with
them, and half a dozen others formerly
living in their native State, the Christ
mas dinner was enjoyed. The President
and Mrs. McKinley took advantage of
the fine weather and went out for a
drive during the afternoon. The Pres
ident, accompanied by Mr. James Bar
ber, Mrs. McKinley's nephew, attended
divine service at the Metropolitan
Church at 11 o'clock and listened to a
sermon by the Rev. Dr. Bristol, who in
the course of his talk said:
"This nation has presented to an op
pressed people the unspeakable gift
of freedom; yes, and to the world it has
given a longer liberty. God's Christmas
gift of freedom has come to the suf
fering and wronged through the agency
of a nation that was obedient to the
heavenly call, and had caught the
spirit of liberty and helpfulness sent
forth from angelic lips — 'Good will
toward men.' It was not hatred or ill
will toward any nation that caused this
country to unsheath the sword of war.
It was good will toward the suffering
and the oppressed that inspired us to
battle and victory.
"Good will has been established In our
; own land, from North to South and
from East to West. The angels of our
better nature have been reconciling
! enemies, obliterating the wounds and
i scars of war and strife and making the
stars of the old flag of freedom to shine
with new luster, while every strife has
1 been cleansed from every stain. North
and South together sing at this Christ
i mas day, as they have not eaxxg aince
we were a nation, the blessed song of
I peace and good will."
HAVANA, Dec. 25.— Christmas at
Camp Quemados was as lively as the
i troops could make it with slender ma
■ terlals. Turkeys at $7 apiece were
! scarce and everybody said that with
[ the heat at a summer temperature and
the hedge rows brilliant with flowers,
the day did not seem much like Christ-
All the company messes of the Forty
ninth lowa, the First North Carolina,
the Fourth Virginia, the Second Illinois
and the One Hundred and Sixty-first
Indiana regiments had extra spreads
out of company funds, with gifts from
well-to-do members. The army ration
was supplemented by fruits, canned
P""ds, sweet potatoes and- sometimes
chicken. The Sixth Missouri regiment,
the last to arrive, had no chance to
prepare an extra dinner, so the men
dined on fresh beef, rice and beans.
Company F of the One Hundred and
Sixty-first Indiana regiment had a
cactus tree with a present for every
body stuck nr. the points, as for in
stance, hardtack, beans, salt pork and
candies. The officers of the One- Hun
dred and Sixty-first Indiana indulged
in the dinner, in songs and speech
makin.er, with several dances.
At El Vedado the Eighth and Tenth \
Regular Infantry regiments dined well
at the expense of the company funds, j
Major General Lee and his staff par- ;
took of a modest dinner. General Lee I
had a number of live turkeys avail- |
able, but as the birds are very lean he I
decided to keep them on the chance of '
improving them for the New Year's i
feast after the flag raising.
BERLIN. Dec. 25.— Emperor William !
and members of the Imperial family
followed their Christmas observance*
to-day. ___________ _______
PLAYED A BRILLIANT GAME- j
Pillsbury, the American Chessmaster, i
Awarded a Prize.
NEW YORK. Dec. News reached !
this city to-day from Vienna that the
committee appointed to decide the dispo
sition of the prizes for the most brilliant
games played in the recent : international
chess tournament at Vienna has awarded j
the first prize to Pillsbury for his game j
against Halprin; Lipke second prize for I
his game against Janowskl, , and Marco
third prize for his game against Burn.
The prizes are to the value of $100, $75 i
and $50 respectively.
— o
AN OVERDOSE OF CHLOROFORM.
Causes the Death of Actor Buchanan
of the Secret Service Company.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., Dec. 25.—Ray
mond C. Buchanan, aged 28, a member of
Gillette's "Secret Service" company, died
here to-day from an overdose of chloro
form. When discovered he was dead on
his bed, with a letter by his side an
nouncing the death of his Infant son on
December 14.
Youthful Ambition.
A recent scene from child life actually
witnessed at the Karl Theater, Vienna.
The director has engaged sundry little
maidens from the primary school to take
parts of the angel hosts and the souls of
children in Andersen's "Blonde Kath
rtin." Enters from the outer door a
small girl with her school satchel in her
hand, who stands shyly peeping into the
director's office. "Well, little one. what
can we do for you?" asked an attendant
who has never seen the wee six-year-old
before, and thinks she probably belongs
to the angels or the spirits. The small
intruder: "It isn't for me; I was sent by
Bertha Steiner and Hermine Grazl, who
are in my class." "Well, and what do
the Steiner and the other one want?"
"If you please, they are standing in the
street below, and daren't come up."
"Yes, and why not?" "If you please, they
won't play the part of the Second Child
Spirit and Third Child Spirit any longer.
They both want to be First Child Spirit,
and if not they won't come any more."
By this sin fell the angels, but Andersen's
angels seem to begin early.— London Pall
Mall Gazette.
London's New Tunnel Road.
The tunnels of the Central Railway
(electric) are now open from end to end
and one can make his way through from
Shepherd's Bush to the Mansion House
underground. The permanent way will
soon be laid, and the stations are already
being tiled. The great electric instal
lation at Shepherd's Bush is rapidly ap
proaching completion. One of the big
chimneys has attained the height of 150
feet, and the tric.-sv spirit that is pres
ently to be hauling the loaded trains is
already being utilized for the working
of lifts and the running of mortar mills
and for a perfect blaze of light for work
ing after dark.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LOOKING THE
GIFT-HORSE IN
THEJOUTH,
A Domestic Comedy of
Real Life.
DRAMATIS PERSONS:
MR. POPINLAW.
MR. SmXICHT.
"Tls not so much how much you pay,
'Tis what you get for what you pay."
MR. STRAIGHT— A merry Christ-
mas, Pop.
MR. POPINLAW— The same to you
and a happy, bright New Year.
STRAIGHT— Have you got through
with Santa Claus and the giving of
gifts to all your sisters and nieces?
POPINLAW— Yes. They've made
my purse a bit lighter.
STRAIGHT— Been patronizing Pat-
tosien's in the Mission again, eh?
POPINLAW— Yes; but not as much
as I felt tempted to. Against my will
I had to patronize the high price com-
bine.
STRAIGHT— Why, how was that?
POPINLAW— WeII, this way. You
know Sis Sally?
STRAIGHT— Oh, the one -who lives
in the Mission?
POPINLAW— That's the one. Sally.
She has quite a little property there,
but she trades at the high price con-
cern.
STRAIGHT— What! And yet she
passes Pattosien's two-acre store in the
Mission to go down town. I thought
she was a woman of sound business
common sense.
POPINLAW— She is pretty smart,
but, you know, some ladies have a feel-
ing that a thing must be good if it
comes high.
STRAIGHT — That's a false notion,
and they have to pay the piper for it.
POPINLAW — Now, I was saying
Sally would expect me to go to the
high price concern. What's the dif-
ference? I laid out $50 for each of them
— Sally and Sister Dolly, who lives in
the Western Addition.
STRAIGHT—
"So to send gifts away to the West-
ern Addition
You patronized Pattosien's store in the
Mission;
But you went somewhere else to give
the commission
To send to the lady who lives in the
Mission?"
What did the ladies get, anyhow?
POPINLAW— I bought each of them
a $50 fine Davenport sofa.
STRAIGHT— Did you compare the
goods?
POPINLAW— The famous Mrs. Gamp
says "Comparisons are odorous," you
know.
STRAIGHT— Your sisters will com-
pare the pieces.
POPINLAW— What then?
STRAIGHT— What then! Why, your
sister Sally will think you have given
Dolly a much finer present than hers.
POPINLAW— How so? I have laid
out $50 for each.
STRAIGHT— And you think you have
given each a $50 present?
POPINLAW— That's what I think.
STRAIGHT— You had better un-
think it again. You will find you have
given Dolly a $75 gift, bought at Pat-
tosien's in the Mission for $50, and you
have given Sally a $35 present, bought
for $50 at the tip-top price concern.
Sally will go for you red-headed.
POPINLAW— What do you mean?
STRAIGHT— Don't you see? The
Davenport you bought for Dolly at Pat-
tosien's great two-acre store is charged
$75 at the high price combine, and
that'B where Sally trades, isn't it? She
will have seen it there.
POPINLAW— I guess you're right, i
Still I don't see the point.
STRAIGHT— Now follow me. The
Davenport you bought for $50 at that
concern she will see at Patt »sien's
marked $35 next time she passes, and
then— and then — she'll say: "He's given,
me a $35 present and Dolly a $75 pres-
ent."
POPINLAW— My! So she will! I
feel as if my ears were beginning to
grow longer! I am like the players in
"Midsummer Night's Dream," and can •
say with Quince "Bless thee. Bottom;
how thou art translated into a jack-
ass."
STRAIGHT— I would rather yqu
should say with Bottom: "I see their j
knavery. This is to make an ass of
me!"
POPINLAW— I can say that, too.
STRAIGHT— Never mind, friend Pop.
Experience is a dear teacher. You will ;
be wise to profit by the example of the
thousands of customers who find It to
their advantage, if you also decide to
Always Trade in the Mission
AT THE
BIG TWO-ACRE STORE
OF THE
PATTOSIEN COMPANY
SIXTEENTH ST, and MISSION.
34
MONDAY DECEMBER 26, 1898
~7qHN~D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
t DITORIAL ROOMS- 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Mnln 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) 1»
served by,corrler3 In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.,
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
FSEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
VVA6HINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlftfc* H«um
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESB, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 930 o'clock- 367 Hayes street open until
9:30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- £291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 930 o'clock NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
i .'»:' vv ' 1 : ' • ' AMUbtMtNTa
I California— "Maßda." • .
Columbia— Minstrel Jubilee.
Alcazar— "A Midnight Bell."
Tlvoll— "The Yellow Dwarf."
Morosco's— ''The White Squadron."
Orpheam — Vaudeville.
Cornedy — "A Romance of Coon Hollow."
The Chutes— Gorilla Man, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olympla — Corner Mason and Eddy streets. Specialties.
lngleside Race Track— Races To-day.
Metropolitan Hall-Rosenthal Piano Recital. Tuesday even-
Ing." January i. ____- _ — —
THE NEW. COMMERCIAL MISTRESS.
IF the United States continues its present onward
jtnarrh in commerce a year or two longer it will
the commercial' mistress of the world. Its
progress, during the past year has been amazing.
Nothinfe like it has even been seen in the history of
any country. Europe is Retting deeper and deeper
into out debt and it will not be long before we shall
have a mortgage on that continent. It already owes
us a balance oi $75,000,000 in gold coin on December
nit, not to mention unpaid balances of previous
Bths. We are selling it two dollars' worth of goods
■ very dollar's worth we buy. We are loaning it
money and have plenty more to loan. We are getting
to r Ue it- gjeat creditor.
Here axe some of the figures for 1898. They are
astonishing:
Balance of trade in favor of the United States, De
cember (estimated), $75,000,000; November, $79,428,
396. Increase in exports for December over Decem
ber. 1897 (estimated), per cent. -'5.
Iron and steel— lncrease of exports for 1898 over
lßg7i per cent. 50. Orders for iron and steel products
now in process of rilling in the United States for
loreiK'ii use, tons, M-.ooo; for domestic use, tons, 24,-
Breadstuffs, provisions, cotton, cattle, hogs and •
petroleum — Increase of exports for 1898 over 1897,
$100,000,000.
General merchandise— lncrease of exports for 1898
over iS<>7. $50,000,000.
EKCes* of exports of the United States over those
o! Great Britain for 189 S. $200,000,000.
To those accustomed to trade statistics the above
figures have but one significance: they show the
Umted States to be the great commercial nation of
the world. We are producers, manufacturers, bank
ers, money lenders. The most sanguine enthusiast
never dreamed that we would reach our present posi
tion in. the nineteenth century, but here we are, and
here we shall stay.
The business of the country increased immensely
in i.XoS. and the close of the year shows no diminu
tion. The iron and steel trade continues to boom
and the different mills cannot execute their orders. I
Trices arc naturally strong under these conditions.
Foreigners are among the best customers at present,
;■:*!• Russia. Australia. South America and Japan have
given us large orders, many of them over the heads
< i British bids. These orders have crowded the mills
50 that they are turning down new business right and
It it. The wool trade continues to improve, the sales
last, week being 27,366,000 pounds, against 23,115.000
for the same week last year. The small manufacturers
buying, which indicates a better demand for
Exports of wheat and flour from
Atlantic ports continue heavy and prices are main
tained. The other staples show no change worthy of
■
, The financial statistics continue to make a favorable
showing.- The bank clearings last week were 25.7
l;-jgcr than those of the corresponding week in 1897,
'■:•. ?■'<•! 'the commercial failures were 212. against 280.
Wall street has continued active, but dealings last
.-week were rather speculative than for investment. In
r words, the professionals and public were both
gambling* Transactions were heavy, as usual in such
nnes. Prices were rather firm than otherwise, and
while there was no marked advance there was no
break.
The present week will probably be dull. There is
seldom much going on between Christmas and New
Year's. Stock-taking^ too, interferes with business.
But the opinion is general throughout the East that
i the new year.' will open brilliantly, and that 1899 will
be as much better than 1898 as the latter was better
than '.1897: As far as the past' year is concerned it
has been a year of agreeable surprises, and he who is
1 pleased with its commercial showing is hard to
suit.
h i« rather unfortunate that California is not in
cluded in the above brilliant showing, but our record
has not been so poor after all. In spite of the dry
year the State has come out in good shape. In some
ricts the farmers have suffered more or less for
of rain, but in others they have made more
hey than usual, so the State as a whole has done
I'ticr than generally believed. Barring the recent
, pinch in the Sahnas Valley, which is only one out of
irrxny prosperous districts in the State, there has been
no serious complaint from any quarter, nor is there
"likely to be. Many States would consider themselves
well off if they did as well as we have done this year.
Rut 'we have had fifty years of such phenomenal and
extravagant prosperity that when an off year chances
:. 'dig we feel hurt about it, just as the miser laments
his Hard luck when he cannot get compound interest
fofc his money. In this respect the experience will
<o us good by teaching us to appreciate a good thing
\» hen we- have got it and to cease wanting the whole
earth every year. For even our poor years are better
♦than the best in some of the States of this great coun
try, and the sooner we wake up to this truth the more
.«iohtented we b,^. .
'.3t v.ould appear that Mrs. Fuhrig has arisen to the
'fignity of an epidemic. •
THE GROWTH OF FRATERNITY.
VIEWED merely from the secular level, the birth
of Christ was the pivot of history. In intro
duced to mankind a new element, incongruous
amid its original surroundings, which has manifested
an inextinguishable vitality and is rapidly dominating
the world. That element was love between man and
man as the deepest recognition of the Supreme Being.
The conception of an invisible God, presiding over the
universe and the Creator of all things had been pre
served by the Hebrews. Among' them and among j
the Greeks some germs of fraternity had struggled to- j
ward the light. But mankind at large was steeped in j
selfishness, and hatred, malignity and ferocity were I
controlling forces. Now dawned the Christian era,
when a simple creed of self-sacrifice and tenderness
was not only proclaimed, but illustrated and enforced
by a perfect life and by a vicarious death. These were
facts, mightier than the Eleusinian mysteries, and yet
intelligible to babes. And, for almost nineteen centu
ries, amid all the diversities of race, of governments i
and theologies, amid all the complexities of literature,
of science and of philosophy, these simplicities have
slowly leavened and developed civilization and mod
erated and narrowed the range of barbarism.
Against the advancing power of fraternity, brutal j
depravity in the savage or in the bigot has struggled
in vain. Even through crimson seas it has steadily
marched toward the white goal of peace. Wars have
rot ceased, but they have been gradually divested of
their hideousness. As late as the sixteenth century,
and even later, victory meant the destruction of j
armies and the murder of non-combatants, accom- j
panied by rape, spoliation and every other sort of j
monstrous excess. History records many instances !
where besieged cities were taken, their treasures loot- ;
ed, and their populations exterminated. In our late i
war with Spain, in which modern appliances wrought
their perfect work, the entire loss of life on both sides j
was not a tenth of the holocaust at a single minor bat- i
tie in the Netherlands.
Constitutional and representative government, the ■
protection of life, liberty and property, increasing so- !
cial refinement, the sanctities of domesticity, truer re
lations between the sexes, the general elevation of the
masses through diffused education, the triumphs of
science, the universality of literature, alike in its tran
sient and in its permanent forms, the extensions of
commerce and of trade over throbbing seas and
through dark continents — all these, and more, are ele
ments in ever-rising human progress, which Christ
mas at once typifies and celebrates.
And, best of all, as the Christmas bells ring their !
melodious chimes around and over the globe, they
reach all hearts with the spell of universal charity.
There are untold evils still to be met and conquered,
but, from Christmas to Christmas, individualized man |
grows toward a finer intelligence pervaded by moral j
beauty, while pessimism becomes more and more ob
scare in the splendor of realized truths.
Th|E EXCLUSION fiCT MENACED.
THE programme of the expansionists, as defined
by the Chronicle, is to admit the Philippines as
territory- and to define the status of the inhab
itants as "not subjects, but citizens,"' and as being "on
an equal footing" with ourselves.
This programme, if followed, would be a deadly
; blow to the Chinese exclusion law and would produce
the cheap labor which so many expansionists want.
We are told, over and over again, that neither Hawaii
nor the Philippines is a place for workingmen, but
that both are to furnish enormous returns to capital
at present idle or earning small interest. Ten millions
of Filipinos could easily overrun the Pacific States
and Territories, and, in various occupations, crowd
out men and women of the white race. It is sug
gested that they would not migrate. The Chinese and
the Japanese have migrated. Perhaps some of the
expansionists can answer this proposition. We are
unable to find any possible restriction under the con
stitution upon migration from one part to another of
the territory of the United States. If an Asiatic citi
zen could be held in the Philippines then an American
could be imprisoned in Arizona or Alaska.
Perhaps, however, the constitution has become a
! back number, which the nation has "outgrown."
CONTAINS ELEMENTS OP TREASON.
AT the ninety-third annual dinner of the New
England Society of New York, which is almost
as old as the country, in response to a toast,
General Merritt said in reference to expansion: "A
great many people have insisted that the constitution
forbids it. To these I have said: 'We have outgrown
the Constitution.' It is not worth while to discuss it."
This expression has every element of treason except
the act. The intent is present, if the speaker meant
what he said. If he did not mean it, he should have
been more careful in the use of language. He is a
general in the army of the United States and owes his
position to the constitution which he thus shamefully
reviled. A toast to "Forefathers' Day" was drunk' at
this banquet, and some descendant of the Pilgrim
Fathers, who was an American in his heart, should
have suggested to General Merritt that if he had ex
pressed himself accurately he should resign from the
army, doff his uniform, and leave the country.
Here is a little repetition of the history of the
Roman republic which points the moral of imperial
ism.
c BALLOT COUNTING REFORM.
A RECOUNT now going on in San Jose of the
vote at .the last election in Santa Clara County
is reported to have discovered so many errors
in the original count that at i'east two candidates, and
probably a third, declared by the first count to have
been defeated will be found to have been elected.
With such a startling showing in Santa Clara it is
not unlikely that if recounts had been made in all
other counties in the State they also would have re
sulted in the disclosure of errors, though the errors
might not have been sufficient to change the majority
of votes from one candidate to another.
It matters not whether these errors are the results
of mistakes due to incompetent election officers or to
fraud. The fact that they occur with such frequency
shows the need of a reform in our ballot-counting
system. That reform should be attended to at the
coming session of the Legislature. It is urgent busi
ness affecting every locality in the State and a matter
of concern to all citizens, for each has a right to have
his ballot fairly and honestly counted after it has been
deposited in the ballot box.
There are good reasons for believing machine bal
loting would be the best remedy for the evil. If that
system, however, should be found unsatisfactory then
some other should be devised. There is a method of
Cv unting long used in New York which is commend
able in many ways. It is not free from defects, not
as good as a well-adjusted balloting machine would
be, but it is safer and better than ur own, and it
would be worth while for the Legislature to give it
careful consideration.
Whatever differences there may be as to the proper
remedy there can be none about the deslrarility of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1898.
seme remedy. The issue should not be postponed for
another. two years, in one of which there will be a
Presidential election. A ballot-counting reform of
some .kind is needed this 'winter. 1 j A
TriE PE&CE COMMISSIONERS RETURN.
C""*-UCH ceremonies as accompanied the reception
of the" American Peace Commissioners on their
*■ — ' arrival at Washington to make their report to
the President, when contrasted with the pomp and
circumstance which. attend similar occasions in Eu
rope, afford a striking illustration of republican sim
plicity. A matter of private business could hardly
have been transacted with less ostentation or accom
panied by a less display of state or popular triumph.
When the British Commissioners at the famous
treaty of Berlin, after achieving "peace with honor,"
returned to London the Government and the populace
vied with one another in making a stately and impos
ing demonstration. High dignitaries of state, civic
and military authorities, long lines of guards in bril
liant uniforms formed an escort of honor for the
Commissioners, and all along the route tumultuous
thousands waited to cheer and applaud the men who
had so worthily represented the empire at the great
council of the nations and maintained both its inter
ests and its prestige.
Very different was the scene at Washington on Sat
urday afternoon, when Commissioner Day and his
colleagues arrived in that city, bringing back the
treaty of peace which crowns the success of our arms
and liberates islands of two hemispheres from the
tyrannical rule of a decadent monarchy. On that oc
casion there was no display whatever. When the
Commissioners dismounted from their car they were
met by some of their personal friends, but the Gov
ernment was represented simply by a clerk from the
State Department.
As if fortune had designed to make the incident
more striking it happened that the special train bear
ing the Commissioners reached the railroad station at
Washington at a time when the depot was crowded
with holiday excursionists. In Europe the excursion
ists would have been cleared out to make way for the
dignitaries. At Washington the other thing hap
pened. The special train was sidetracked and the
Commissioners were made to get off outside the
depot.
There is in this simplicity of republican state meth
ods a dignity not inferior to that displayed in the
courtliest ceremonies of Europe. America has reason
to be proud of such simple ceremonies as these, and
it is to be hoped they will long continue to mark the
methods of our national officials.
I—J1 — J ROM an historical point of view an article on
the Alaskan mail might be made as brief as
Sterne's famous chapter on snakes in Ireland —
there is none. Even during the summer the mail
service not only with Dawson and the Yukon Valley,
but with the island of St. Michael, was scant, and
unsatisfactory r and of late it has fallen off altogether.
For a month there has been no mail from the Yukon
region at all.
No sufficient reason is apparent for this lack of
mail facilities to Dawson and the other Yukon River
communities. The Government has had a year in
which to make preparations. There are no great dif-
ficulties in the way to be overcome. Hundreds of
prospectors and trappers go up and down the river
at all seasons, and where these go mail carriers can
follow.
Last winter Mr. Sam Wall, the representative of
The Call in the Yukon country, made a trip in the
depth of the coldest season from Dawson up the
river to all important points and gathered news of the
mining parties along the route. This news was the
first information that thousands of people received of
their friends for months, and was in many respects
the most important newspaper achievement of the
year. It clearly demonstrated that winter travel in
Alaska is possible, and that a mail service could be
provided if the Government would exert itself.
When the rush to the gold fields began last spring
a promise was made that an adequate mail service
would be furnished throughout the year. Last fall
th» promise was repeated that arrangements would
be made for mails to Dawson and the principal river
points at least once a month during the winter. It
was further announced that certain contracts had been
let for such service. The failure of the mails is there
fore a matter that merits investigation, for it seems
clear there has been gross carelessness, if not crim
inal neglect of duty, on the part of the postoffice
officials or the mail retractors.
The issue is by no means a small one. There are
large business interests represented by agents . in
Alaska, and communication with those agents is a
matter of grave importance to all concerned. More
over, the number of Americans in the Klondike re
gion is now so large that perhaps not less than half
a million people in the United States are concerned
in their welfare and are eager to learn of their situa
tion and their prospects.
Something should be done to stimulate the activity
of the Postoffke Department in this respect. The
mail service in the region involves the United States
and the British empire, the two greatest and richest
nations of earth and the two most enterprising and
progressive peoples. It is strange, indeed, if the two
combined cannot accomplish the comparatively simple
service of sending mail-carriers up and down the
Yukon River and across the pass to Juneau at least
once a month.
SPEAKER REED fIND EXPANSION.
THE Examiner publishes a cartoon to show the
possible effect of expansion on Speaker Reed,
who naturally is opposed to the acquisition of
the Philippines. It was really astonishing to observe
such an evidence of returning sanity in the organ of
fusion and of imperialism. The suggested comparison
between Speaker Reed and the United States is point
ed and true. The Speaker is a fat man, with a good
constitution, but an increase in his rotundity might be
dangerous. The United States is a fat nation, bulging
out on two oceans, and possessing the best constitu
tion in the world, but if it stretches itself to take in
the Philippines, six thousand miles off, it will surely
burst.
Populists are gloomy. Although their Presidential
ticket is already nominated, they see into the future
clearly enough to discern that they are going to en
counter opposition.
The two footpads who have just been captured are
welcome to all the comfort to be derived from the
fact that their crime seldom leads to more than forty
years in the penitentiary.
By the greed of a crooked Board of Education the
teachers of this city have been wantonly robbed. Yet
no School Director is observed to be bound jail
wards.
A Yaje divinity student has been caught after hav
ing stolen 5000 volumes. Now he can u.*e himself for
a tex'
THE ALASKAN MOILS.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
T. C. White of Fresno Is at the Lick.
E. Evans of New York is a guest at the
Occidental.
J. E. Sibley of Tellenmark 1b registered
at the Russ.
J. H. Barbour of San Diego is a guest
at the Grand. •
John Bouse of Boise City, Idaho, is at
the California.
William O'Connor of Cheyenne is a
guest at the Lick.
James M. Smith and wife of Fresno are
staying at the Lick.
E. E. Biggs, a prominent banker of
Gridley, is at the Grand.
J. M. Boynton, a merchant from Visalia,
is staying at the Grand.
S. Mitchell, a rancher of Visalia, -is a
guest at the California.
H. H. Fakenstock and L. E. Barnes of
Peoria, 111., are at the Occidental.
W. A. and A. L. Hobson, prominent cat
tle men from Ventura, are registered at
the Grand.
The bellboys of
the Palace are
sad. Like so
many automata
do they go about
their duties.
Their accustomed
ginger and ac
tivity Is a thing of the past, and not even
a generous tip can bring a smile to their
faces. This state of affairs exists because
of the overthrow of their champion. Jack
Gihney, who is a member of Company C,
First California Regiment. Jack is well
known to the patrons of the Palace. He
was a model bellboy and the champion
sprinter of the city at 100 yards.
Many local contests he has won,
and at church picnics nn one dared to
challenge him to a trial of fleetness.
When the war broke out Jack cast his
fortunes with the First Regiment and
went to Manila, taking with him his two
feet and an untarnished reputation. All
went well untii C. - .. Miller of Company
G. who also does a bit of sprinting on
the side, took it into his head that he
could cover a hundred yards in less time
than Gibney for any amount of money.
He was backed up by his company, while
the bnys of C were with Gibney to a man.
and the rest of the regiment was divided
In its opinion between the two. Finally
it wq.s decided to make a test of the two
soldiers' claims, and a race was arranged
to take place on the beach. It attracted
much attention and thousands were pres
ent to witness it. Gibney opened at 9 to
10 in the betting, but was backed down
several points, while Miller went to the
post an even money favorite. At the
crack of the pistol the two men got away.
Gibney was slow in getting off, and was
beaten out by three yards in less than 11
seconds. Several thousand dollars
changed hands on the event, and now the
soldiers of Company C are penniless,
while the pride of their champion is in the
dust. Naturally the bellboys of the
Palace sympathized with Gibney, and
when they received news of his downfall
they were so crushed and humiliated that
they have not recovered.
JACK GIBNEY
LOST
THE RACE.
L. R. Vance of Vallejo is at the Occi
dental.
M. S. Arndt of Stockton is at the Cali
fornia.
B. E. Greenwood of Helena is at the
Palace.
G. D. Plato, a merchant of Modesto, is
at the Lick.
Dr. E. Cook Webb, United States Army,
Is at the Lick.
S. A. Brown of Huston, Texas, is a
guest at the Palace.
Dr. A. C. Winn of California 1b regis
tered at the California.
S. Englander. United States Navy, Is
among the guests at the Lick.
M. Newberger, a merchant of Chicago,
is a guest at the Palace.
OLD TIME AND L
Old Time and I the other night
Had a carouse together:
The wine was golden, warm and bright —
Aye, just like summer weather.
Quoth I, "Here's Christmas come again,
And I no farthing richer";
Time answered, "Ah, the old, old strain—
1 prithee pass the pitcher.
"Why measure all your good in gold!
No rope of sand is weaker;
'Tis hard to get, 'tis hard to hold-
Come, lad, fill up your beaker,
Has thou not found true friend more true,
And loving ones more loving?"
I could but say, "A few, a few!
So keep the liquor moving."
"Hast thou not seen the prosp'rous knave
Come down a precious thumper?
His cheats disclose?" "I have, I have!"
"Well, surely, that's a bumper!"
"Nay, hold a while, I've seen the just
Find all their hopes grow dimmer."
"They will hope on, and strive, and trust,
And conquer:" "That's a brimmer."
" 'Tis not because to-day is dark;
No brighter days before them;
There's rest for every storm-tossed bark;"
"So be it. Pass the Jorum:"
"Yet I'must own I should not mind
To be a little richer."
"Labor and wait and you may find — "
"Halloa: an empty pitcher."— Exchange.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The British torpedo iceboat Sheldrake,
built in 18S9, has had her original boilers
removed and Babcock and Wilcox water
tube boilers substituted. During a recent
eight hours' trial under half power the
boat made 18 knots with 2600 horsepower
anfl on November 30 in a three hours'
trial under full power the machinery de
veloped 4060 horsepower and gave a speed
of 20% knots, with a coal consumption of
only one and a half pounds per horse
power an hour. This is fully one and a half
knots better than with the old boilers,
which never gave more than 3500 horse
power.
A Parliamentary report, covering the
expenditures of the British navy from 1887
to 1897, gives some very interesting data.
One hundred and ninety war ships, built
or building, have been added to the navy
In this period of eleven years, of 955,000
tons and 1,575,000 horse power. Twenty
1 nine of these ships are battle ships, rep
i resenting $115,000,000; twenty-six first class
cruisers, representing $65,000,000; forty-five
second class cruisers, representing $47,500,-
I 000; thirty-one third class cruisers, close
upon $20,000,000; twenty-nine torpedo gun
boats, and thirty sloops, gun boats, etc.,
representing over $12,500,000 more. The
I total amount of money these ships and
their armaments have cost is approxi
mately $300,000,000, and does not include
ninety-six torpedo boat destroyers, at a
cost of $22,500,000 more. The 190 ships
enumerated carry 1675 guns of 4 inches
and upwards. About one quarter of the
money was expended in the Royal dock
yards, while the rest went to private
establishments.
Some months ago the Thames Iron
Works of London made an offer to the
Russian Government to establish a ship
building yard at Libau, on the Baltic,
which would involve an expenditure of
j $5,000,000, to be ready in one year for ope
! ration. The Government was to pay an
I annual subvention of ;™5,000, the company
agreeing to divide with the Government
any profit over 5 per cent. After extend
i ed preliminary negotiations the Russian
i Admiralty finally invited the agent of the
Thames company to St. Petersburg to
take part In a consultation on the sub
ject. He came, but to his surprise and
disgust he was kept waiting in an ad-
Joining room to where the consultation
took place, and when it was all over he
was curtly informed that; the English of
fer had been unconditionally declined. It
has since been learned that a Russian lo
comotive works, which has never yet built
& single vessel, had made a more tempt
ing offer, and so the English company was
left out with a snub.
The British battle-ship Formidable,
launched | at Portsmouth November -17,
was laid down last March, and thus oc
cupied only about eight months in bufld
lng. This is the best record yet made
in shipbuilding in any country. Two oth
ers of the same type and size are being
built— one at Chatham, the other at Dev
enport. They are of 15,000 tons displace
ment, 15,000 horsepower, and are to have
a speed of eighteen kriot9. They will
carry 900 tons of coal on a draught of 27
feet six inches and 2100 tons when fully
equipped. The armor, 216 feet in length
by 15 feet In depth and 9 inches in thick
ness, protects 54 per cent of the ship's
9ide. The armament consists of four 12
inch wire-wound rifles in barbettes pro
tected by curved steel shields 8 Inches
thick, and twelve 6-inch quick-firers,
eighteen 12-pounders, twelve 3-pounders
and eight Maxims. The complement Is
789 officers and men and each ship will
carry eighteen boats, of which four will
be steamboats of large capacity.
M. Augustin Normand, the noted builder
of torpedo boats at Havre, has submitted
a novel proposition to the French Admir
alty which is receiving serious attention.
He points out that owing to the inability
of France to build as many powerful and
fast war vessels as England it is better
policy to reduce the speed of the ships
and thereby secure a larger number than
is now possible and at the same time in
crease their defensive power. The Gov
ernment has actually ordered two ar
mored torpedo boats (sea-going), which
are now being built at Normand's yard,
in addition to others in the Mediterranean
arsenals. The new naval warfare policy
will be to have the battle-ships do their
fighting under the most favorable condi
tions; therefore number and strength are
for them more Important than speed.
Cruisers are for these reasons not as use
ful as flotillas of torpedo boats, because
cruisers cannot fight battle-ships nor cap
ture merchant steamers under another
flag. Torpedo vessels' scouts and escorts
are the only vessels that need to be fast.
All the others should possess a compara
tively low rate of speed.
The Russian battle-ship building at
Cramps' yards will be very much like the
American battle-ships Maine, Ohio and
Missouri, but will have a lighter armor
protection. The ship is 376 feet in length,
72 feet 2M: Inches beam, displacing 12,700
tons on a draught of 26 feet. The armor
belt, of nine inches maximum thickness,
extends from the after turret to the stem,
where it tapers to two inches and is seven
and a half feet in depth. The armor
above Is six, inches to the gun deck. Bulk
heads are nine inches, and barbettes ten
inches thick, while the gun positions are
five inches. The armament is four 12-
Inch rifles in two turrets, twelve 6-inch
on gun and main deck, twenty 3-inch, of
which twelve are on the gun deck for
ward, six on the main deck and two on
the bridge. There are also six torpedo
tubes, one being at the bow, one at the
stern and two on each broadside. The
motive power is two triple expansion en
gines of 1600 horsepower and twenty-four
Niclause water-tube boilers, and with 126
revolutions a speed of eighteen knots
must be maintained for twelve consecu
tive hours, which is three times that ex
acted by our Government from contrac
tors. The coal capacity is 2000 tons, and
the complement 750 officers and men.
2 canes in box, 10c box. Townsend's. •
1 tt> chewing candy in box. 25c. Townsend.*
Our famous broken candy, 3Vs n>a in hand
some Japanese basket, 50c. Townsend's. •
The best Xmas present: Townsend's Cal
ifornia Glace Fruits, 50c, in fire etched
boxes or Japanese baskets. 627 Market St.,
Palace Hotel builuing. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Prpss Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
A turban generally consists of from
ten to fourteen yards of cloth, and is,
as a rule, only worn by Emaums
(priests), those who have made the
Hadj or pilgrimage to Mecca, and
among theological students; also by
some Eastern nations.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the '^est remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr*.
W'lnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advantag*
of the round-trip tickets. Now only J6O by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay J2 50 per day. Apply at
4 New Montgomery street, San Francisco.
O/=" INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Otmipondlng With lay »f tk* r»ll*rt»f rirau Pitts* Mention "Tht 0»lL"
ii -in »r ■-■-. rmn-u-.-M .'I ■■■■.■..- Tl-» ■■-.... __. ..,.,,-, ,_„_■-_-,_-_._,-■_ ■_ ■ _ -ujj
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
tfrtlstlc Furniture and fin Ware importers.
117 SUTTER STREET.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WM- SCHOENING.^'^a^ 8 ' upplled;
BELT I NO,
LP lIFfiFN Manufacturer of Belting and
r. WCUCn, ace Leather. 105.107 Mia-
eion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Offioe and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Abore Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.'
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'RDIFN * CfIWC-Makers and Dealers In
OHICn tt jUPI JLandaus Hacks, Victorias.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
st., San Francisco. .
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON. ~
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
800 BATTERY STREET.
■■■ • Telephone Main 1864.
. COPPERSMITHS.
SANDERS 4 CO., practical coppersmiths,
mfr'a of sheet copper and tubing. improved con-
tinuous stills, etc. -415 Mission St., near First;
all work guaranteed. . r ' ■■'•'■■
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. :
JA^ RfiYF^ & fJi ' Shipping Butchers. 1(M
JA3- DUILO (S W,, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
; . HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS '
Oil lI A Hunters'. Equipments, "Fishing
IllliyX Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. Send
UUIIO for catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE.
* w " v 739 Market street. •, -
; s ■"' •■" HARDWARE. ■
PALACE Hard ware Co., Importers & Dealers
*Mn Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.,
IRON FOUNDERS. :;■
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley, Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De.
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
A GREAT "HIGH"
IS MAKING MR,
HAMMON GUESS
Is Also Worried About
an Absent "Low."
A REMARKABLE ATMOSPHERE
EQUALED BUT ONCE IN THE
STATE'S HISTORY.
The Barometer Is Climbing Onto the
Roof and the Weather Sharp
Is Wondering What Will
Come Next.
No-Raln-in-the-Face ITammon, th«
prestidigitator on the top of the Mills
building, who jollies the people on weath
er conditions, has gone up against the real
thing and fled to the high mountain to try
and ascertain remotely where he Is "at."
Without any warning— even the sending
of a personal card announcing arrival— a
climatic condition has fallen upon the
worthy weather juggler that is making
him do a lot of guessing. At the present
writing he 1b upon the highest point of
Tamalpais communing with scientific In
struments and hopelessly struggling to
find out why atmospheric conditions are
endeavoring to beat the record.
Only once before in the past fifty years
has the high pressure equaled the figures
of yesterday and the day before. This
announcement will be better understood
when it is stated that the barometer has
been standing at 3U.68 and is climbing at
an alarming rate. At one time in the
early meteorological history of the State
the pressure ascended to 30.69. After that
several things that were not on the pro
gramme happened; but what will be the
result of the present condition is some
thing that Mr. Hammon will not under
take to prognosticate.
From his exalted station he did some
talking yesterday by telephone that will
be of great value to that class of people
who do not care whether or not it rains.
For a long time he has been able to talk
about the "high" that w[as loafing around
in Nevada or "Wyoming and causing
trouble, and the plain "low" that was
ramping in this section and courting the
favors of one Jupiter Pluvlus. Now that that
mysterious "hi^h" is astoundingly in evi
dence Mr. Hammon knows it is here and
he does not know what to do with it. He
knows that he has the "high" located all
right, but in order to be next to his job he
must keep tab on that "low" fellow, who
is now doing the disappearing act. Where
of he is troubled.
Old Probabilities has his weather eye on
the whole Pacific Coast and the condi
tions, strange to say, are the same
throughout. It is a case of "high" all
around, and no one knows where Mr. Low
Is.
"The conditions that have existed dur
ing the last twenty-four hours are de
cidedly remarkable," said Mr. Hammon
on the wire. "The barometer is now
Btanding at 30.65 and is steadily rising.
This is the second time in the history of
the State that this figure has been
equaled. Once before it went a little
higher. No, I can offer no explanation
of the conditions. There is nothing in the
Pacific Coast region to account for it.
So far as I can see there is no possi
bility of rain before Tuesday, calculating
on the data we have to work on. Of
course that measly Io"W may be nut on
the broad Pacific waiting for a chance
to give us a surprise, and he might slip
in at any time and make a great trans
formation in tlii' actualities. He might
have a tremendous precipitation or a
hurricane or two u\> his sieve, but I don't
think he could get them Into working
order inside of a week. If he sue
in fooling us it will be one more reason
why there should be a signal station out
in the ocean so that we might know what
is going on in that area from which so
many of our storms come.
"With these abnormal conditions exist
ing in the barometer, unusual storms may
follow, but I want to say that I am not
going to stand sponsor tor any pressure
that is acting as this one is. It is worth
a man's reputation to be associated wjth
it."
The Tien Tsu Hui, or Heavenly Foot
Society, has for its object the dissuad
ing of Chinese women from binding the
feet of their children. When a member
was remonstrated with for continuing
the practice in the case of one of her
daughters, she said: "We really must
have one lady in the family." The
Chinese, like the American club woman,
thinks that she should be the exception
that proves the rule.
MANUFACTURERS. '-\ t '
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture Blankets, Cassimeres. Tweed* ana
Flannels, 535 Market St.. San Francisco, Cat
Goods for sale at all leading Cry-goods stores.*
MARINB INSURANCE..
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital. $4,000,000.
STZ & CO.. Agents,
•■■■.■■ 101 California st.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
IfILLHIIILI I L 723 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS. . ,'-':■■
. The Oldest Firm and Largest ; Stock.
F»IAINO MUSIC STORE.
KOHLER & CHASE,
. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
PRINTINQ. ~~
E C HUGHES, .„ sSm™^,
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te B phlc PARTRIDGE %g^
THF Hlf KS HinnTrt Printers, Book-
IDC niHkJJLUU UJ-. binders. 23 First st.
TYPEWRITERS. •
g||. All Typewriters Rented.
&S=gga Few Partly used for sale cheap.
AEJjESL; AGEXTS SMITH PREMIER.
4§G^f|a L - &M. ALEXANDER.
•^ "* 1 "■"* •- -•• 110- Montgomery street. «
WALLPAPER. '.:' ■ .
WHOLESALE & retail send for 'samples, stat-
lng quality & color. DUFFY CO.. 92^ Howard.
A WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding A Bents and Public Weighers.- Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Ware. 1 -, Gen-
era! office, 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC.
T I TTNIVY Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
1- ■ UHUltfmi Wedding Rings. 4 3d st.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
• ■. . .).. Mined by the '
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at It*
:' : GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.. . ';
. : Is the Best Coal in the Market.
- - Office and : Yards— 4so Main Street. '
,;.! WOOD. AND IVORY TjURNINQ.: ;
C. F. HAAS, mfr wood art'oles. any descrip-
tion. Planing, turning, 417 Minion, tel. M. 6927.PETER McGLADE
WILL PLEAD
"HOT GUILTY"
Belief That Others Are
Implicated.
MAY SHIELD A FRIEND
MORE SKELETONS IN IHE WAR
BANT FORGERY CASES.
IThe Street Department Deputy's At
torney Says the Accused
Will Soon Be Ac
quitted.
Is Peter W. McGlade, ex-Deputy Super
intendent of Streets, and under Indictment
for forgery, trying to shield some one else
equally or even more guilty?
This question has been Hskod frequent
ly of late by many persons to whom the
accused's affairs are well known. There is
a growing inclination to the belief that
there is more in the Street Department
forgery cases than has made its ap
pearance before the courts so far. There
is no disposition to hold McGlade Kuilt
less, the Impression beinK that t<> say
the least ho is an accessory after the fact.
Most of the surmises are based upon the
actions of the accused an. l his attorneys,
•who are supposed to be in full possession
©f the inside facts and that the represen
tatives of the law are not anxious to
implicate any one else, if they can ac
complish the acquittal of their client by
other means. However one thing has
been decided upon, and that is they will
not have their client sacrificed to save
any one, no matter what hia social or
political position may be.
As straws* show which way the wind
blows, so do the actions of McGlade and
others indicate that there is more back
of the forgery cases than has yet been
made public; so argue the suspicious
ones. In the first place they say Superin
tendent Ambrose's confidential deputy
was well out of harm's way and might
have eluded the officers of the law for an
Indefinite time, and may be forever, but
he willingly came back to face the
charges made against him. Was he prom
ised protection? Some believe he was.
From the time of his return to the
present he has maintained a strict silence, i
not even confiding to his most intimate '
friends a hint as to how he would meet
the charges. McGlade's refusal to plead ;
to the Grand Jury indictment before Su
perior Judge Cook last Saturday is looked
upon as peculiar. His demand for time j
to plend, as allowed him by the law. is i
regarded as the first steps in a fight that |
may last indefinitely. Not a few believe j
that the ex-deputy will escape from very
nerious consequences, and iheir belief is
to a great extent based upon something
that happened after the court had ad
journed.
McGlade's attorneys are thi* firm of
Reddy, Campbell & Metson. Mr. Reddy
nsked the court for a continuance to give
the defendant time to plead, and five days
■were, allowed. The next was the an
nouncement that nt the proper time a
motion would be made for a reduction of
the ball fr< m (10,000 on each of the two
charges of forgi ry to $5000 on each. Good
grounds for the request were promised,
ftut what these good grounds are were not
Ftated and so far they remain a secret.
However, the attorneys lost no time in
hunting for bondsmen, and they were BUC
. for a time. Mr. Metson, one of
McGlade's attorneys, paid he would go on
one of the bonds, high as it was. When
comment was made at the attorney tak
ing such a risk he said: "I have no fear j
whatever. McGlade will be acquitted be
f'T<> his cane Roes to the jury. I know
what I am doing."
This confident expression on the part of
ii careful lawyer lent additional weight to
the belief already expressed. McGlade
■would have been out on Saturday evening
on $20,000 bail but for the intervention of
Superintendent of Streets Ambrose. Jo
prph Kelly, the capitalist and politician,
•was about to qualify on the bond with
Mr. Metson, but Ambrose "pulled him
clown." it is said upon the argument that
even If McGlade did get out be would be
rearrested upon some other charges.
Hence all further moves in the matter of
getting bonds that night were called off
until to-morrow, when a substitute for I
Kelly will be found. Somewhat to his an- j
noyance McGlade spent his Christmas in
the County Jail. He did not suffer for
good things in the eating lino, for when
the meal time enme hta wife visited him
nnd sent in as fine a dinner as one could
wish to eat
McGlade's confinement in the Broadway
hotel does not seem to have had a very
-sing effect upon him. for according
to his own statements he is five pounds
heavier than when he came back from his
unannounced vacation in Deming. N*. Mex.
He der-lares that with the exception of a j
very little worry, that might be expected.
In the best of health and spirits.
Of the subject of his case McGlade has
riot a word to say, beyond that In keep
ing silent be is acting under the advice
of his attorneys. One of the latter,
Patrick Reddy. said yesterday that there
■was nothing out of the common practice
In his asking for time for his client to
plead.
"The law allows it and we should have
H. chance to learn the nature of the indict
ment." said he. "It is true we were told
that the charge would be forgery, but we
want time to look into the indictment be
fore our client pleads. The indictment
may be faulty and we may think it best
to move to have It set aside upon statu
tory grounds, or we may put In a de
murrer, which we certainly will do If
there is the slightest grounds for such a
coarse. When the time cornea for Mc-
Glade to plead be will plead "not guilty.'
We ar<- ready to go on with the trial at
:my time and itif<-t the issue presented.
I cannot say what our defense will be. for
as I told you we have not had time to
look into the indictment and we do not
know what the exact charges are."
THE DEAF PICKPOCKET.
James Shelton Suspected of Robbing
James Shelton at the Cliff
House.
James Wilson, the deaf pickpocket who
attempted to kill Detective Silvey at the
Palace Hotel Friday night, may have a
charge of grand larceny also booked
against him. ;.'VV;-._ ..
Yesterday morning James Shelton, 324
Golden Gate avenue, called at the City
Prison and requested to have a look at
Wilson. The old man was brought out of
bis cell and aheixen <-.- <— . — i rsrsnsaea
him as the thief who stole $50 from him
at (the Cliff House a few days ago.
"I went to the Cliff House." said Shel
ton, "with my wife and daughter, and
■when we got to the car to return to the
city I was jostled by an old man. I turned
round and saw him. but he looked so in
nocent that I took no further notice of
him. He got off the car. which started
without him. 1 always keep my purse in
my trousers' pocket, and some time after
the car started for the pity I happened to
put my hand in my pocket and the purse
was gone. It contained two $20 gold pieces
and a $10 gold piece. i at once suspected
the old man. but thought that I would
grin and bear the loss. 1 read a descrip
tion of the old pickpocket arrested for try-
Ing to kill Detective Silvey and thought I
would like to have a look at him. I am
satisfied he is the man who robbed me.
and if the police want me to prosecute
him I am ready to do so."
Prisoners' Menu for Christmas.
Chief Commissary Walter Malloy of the
County Jail furnished the inmates of the
three jails with roast pig for yesterday's
dinner. Captain Patrick Michael Delany,
Supervisor of the Third Ward, supplied the
officers.' tables with turkeys. The roast
pig supplied to the prisoners was a gift
from Commissary Malloy with the permis
sion of Sheriff Whelan.
THE EMPORIUM.
CLOSED MONDAY, DEC, 26.
~^~~~GOOD OVERCOATS,
j?w A Five-day Sate.
T*^/ A splendid assortment of Overcoats
-^gfjC/V that bought and sold in .the ordinary way
Jn¥s%C\ wonld cost yo u ? l2 - 50to $15- will be offered
.&MflZp@* f\ until closin & time next Saturda y n 'ght at a
&WiV^ s tr*~-A. \P" cc which it hardly seems possible would
ntjl(lrrJl* y '\ \ cover the cost of materials alone Read
iM/11/l ■ fSsLi Jthese brief, carefully weighed descriptions.
Mwil/ljl ' #>*>>'They are not word paintings — just ba-e,
vluVl'l vr n P' a ' n acts - y° u I } eed an O verc o a t doi.'t
■ 'if 111 jit L— overlook this offering.' You can't go
A Five-day Sate.
A splendid assortment of Overcoats
that bought and sold in ,the ordinary way
would cost yousl2.soto $15 will be offered
until closing time next Saturday night at a
price which it hardly seems possible would
cover the cost of materials alone Read
these brief, carefully weighed descriptions.
They are not word paintings — just ba-e,
plain facts. If you need an Overcoat doi t
overlook this offering. You can't go
;/;W! /'//■ wrong. Your' money hick if you want it.
Mil I One lot of BLACK VICUNA
[ml Overcoats, all wool, medium weight, *g ,_
lif l'"i'T silk faced to edge, very handsome. »p7.OD
ijl '} \| One lot BLACK CLAY Overcoats,
i| 1)|. all wool, silk sleeve linings, satin *q /r
\ , piping, finely made ;...... »b7.OJ
One lot LIGHT TAN Overcoats,
all wool, sleeve liningg — *q >-
stylish — very popular 4>7\Oj
One lot BLACK and BLUE KER-
4&^ SEY Overcoats — smooth, handsome finish,
all wool, fast colors, velvet collars, Q ,-
will wear 4)7. 0J
CHILD'S
REEFERS, TJft
$3.95. /f^^X
The $5 and $6 qualities, double / q O I \
breasted, fly front — picture — with / N*.— /
large buttons, large inlaid velvet sailor I TV _/ j
collar, made from all-wool Cheviots and \f— 3 O O^t^^
Mcl to is in Blue and Oxford ; also one
lot of red flannel lined, all-wool, navy ~" "11 I■ '
blue Military Reefers, with brass but- / 1
tons — choice of the entire lot for I V** 1
$3.95. J V —
<s\ Men's $3.50 Shoes.
\s2_ '^~T7 c Emporium $3.50 Shoes for men, made of
[T^»\ l ca l 1 *» tan calf, box calf, patent leather, enamel
Af- \\ leather and Vici kid — come in all modern toes,
// '"' *tf* suitable for street, dress, home and outing. We
II i, "yfot °^ er this line of shoes to men who ordinarily pay
\£ S V. £*<& $5.00. It is a shoe of exceptional
gSj/T^T^j TJ. value for $3.so the highest quality
of material seen at Five Dollars.
/\ - /^ > v. Ask for Emporium Shoes at.. c «
China and Glassware
Thin Carlsbad China Dinner Set, fancy edge, gold finished
handles, very pretty purple flower decoration, 100 *-,-, en
pieces, for 12 persons, only $ZZ. O\J
*o^^K*± Tea Set, same quality and style
/vV^A as above, for 12 persons... *_ -.*
/fe^^^gjf^-^ia A fancy gold edge Carlsbad
i ' F^sSSs? S^£~£~-xcW China Ice Cream Set, dainty
W»?^J»2^^SB^~sl2af attractive decorations, the 15-inch
t^ '■ _■ 1 __ | ,_,i?t tray and 12 Ice Cream *- --.
dishes for ipj.DU
Fancy Shaped Crystal Deco- 4p ! i&~'*rd&^
rated Lemonade Set — pitcher, 6 '^*~Hfy>sy\\
tumblers and silverine * t -_ \b?^+ff VI
tray, the set complete. 4>J-^J Ur_».| //
Crystal and Gold Liquor fjSTvL/i /'/
Set — decanter with handle, 6 fa \,<i#\//
glasses and glass tray to * . **— ,*-&>&**£ f- '^
match, the set complete $>»^J |r?^—^CI&CSI^-— -- 5
~^&$0§®&? Fine Imitation of Cut Glass Punch
Bowl? on stand 15 inches &o nn
~*sv»,mm>^ across top, style like picture $3.00
Ygjr Imitation Cut Glass Lemon- __
ade or Punch Glasses, per dozen 7OC
$~?~iz^?L_r~ Emerald Green Leaf-Shape , o
i^ B^® 8^ • Icecream or Berry Sets, 7 pieces 4oC
Thin Blown Crystal Water Tumblers, per dozen 48c
Gas Bill Reducers.
jc^| These extraordinary special sale prices for
j 1 1 reliable Gas Lamps are for this week only.
r' -U 75c Lamps complete, like picture 59c
-^f*-\}vv^- 85c Lam P s complete, like p.cture 73c
"^^--jjlp^ $1.00 Lamps complete, like picture 84c
vm We sell a mantle which we absolutely
t.^J' guarantee. If it breaks we furnish another
g free of charge. Did you ever hear of a store
9 making such a liberal offer before on this
class of goods ?
Old Incandescent Electric Lamps Bought.
FESTIVITIES
DOWN ON THE
WATER FRONT
No Holiday at the
Harbor Hospital.
AN UNKNOWN MAN RUN DOWN
AMOUNT OF DAMAGE TO THE
SHIP SHENANDOAH.
Attempted Suicide of a Young and
Pretty "V. Oman Yesterday
Morning at the
Ferry.
Christmas came to the water front Re
ceiving Hospital in a variety of forms,
only one of which was serious. This was
the rase of i a young man who was
knocked down and run over by a Castro
strcct car early yesterday morning near
the Palace Hotel. He was noticed by a
number ol persons making his way
nmong the cars and teams across Mar
ket street. A policeman rescued him
from being run down by an express wagon
and took him back to the sidewalk. He
appeared to be somewhat under the in
fluence of liquor and was determined to
get out in the street among the car.s and
passing vehicles. As the Castro car came
opposite New Montgomery street ne
rushed across in front of it ajid fell on
the track. Gripman O'Donnell. who was
watching the man closely, threw on his
brake and came to a standstill, but the
unfortunate man had been rolled under
the car. He was with difficulty drawn out
from among the wheels, and it was seen
he was bleeding and unconscious.
At the Harbor Receiving Hospital It was
found by Drs. Deas and Digging that the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1898.
THE EMPORIUM.
fill EMPORIUM
PrP r Ooldenßule Bazaar.
California's Largest — America's Grandest Store.
GETTING THINGS "SHIP SHAPE."
Busy days are planned for Christmas Week — stocks must be "straightened
out" after the Holiday Rush. Some broken lines will be weeded out — quantities of
exclusively Holiday Goods which we do not want to carry over for a year will be .
marked way down. The Cloak, Millinery and Clothing Departments offer unpre-
cedented bargains. Money-saving possibilities, great economical opportunities pre-
sent themselves between now and the New Year.
The Fine Linens
for New Years.
Are you going to entertain New Year's Day You'll want a
daintily set table; first requisite— fine linen. We have sets up
to $50, and good, dependable, flax- made linens from Germany as
low as 40c the yard. Housekeepers, hotel proprietors and
restaurant managers investigate your linen-closets. . Make up
the memorandum for fresh supplies. The inducement is a saving
of dollars and cents during the holiday week :
Bleached Table Damask— Fine in weave,
stylish in patterns, good and durable, 72 inches wide, q-.
per yard 7\)C
Bleached Table Damask— lrish linen, fine
woven heavy " fabric, 70 inches wide, very special, per __
yard /3|C
Bleached Table Damask— Pure linen, a good
wearer, 60 inches wide, several new and very pretty pat- . -
terns to choose from, per yard 4jC
Dinner Napkins — Irish linen, 24 inches square, a
superior damask, will wash and wear satisfactorily, *^ _-.
per dozen • 4>^»3U
Irish Linen Napkins— patterns, half bleached,
soft finish, without dressing, pure linen, 22 inches *^ ~-
square, per dozen 4>J.Zj
Damask Towels— lot of about 50 dozen, close
woven solid fabric, handsome borders, knotted fringes, rf><y«/\
fully bleached, assorted patterns, per dozen 4>X. JU
Huck Towels manufacture, full bleached, size
17x34 inches, blue or red borders, a little cotton in the ** «*c
warp, very cheap at 'per dozen) »p*«Oj
Huck Towels — Very close weave, heavy texture, an
excellent absorbent, lasting in wear, hemmed ends, *.» .p.
size 19x39 inches, per dozen 4>Z.4U
Turkish Towels— Half bleached, heavy and ~~
durable, an excellent value at the price, each........ ZUC
Turkish Towels— Fully bleached, all white, -_
heavy and close in weave, bath size 22x50 inches, each ZjC
Bleached Or ash Toweling— Yme Irish linen,
19 inches wide, a good make for roller or kitchen use, per t A
yard • JOC
Irish Linen Huckaback— Housekeepers know its
value, 19^ inches wide, very durable for towels, rollers, — j
etc., per yard iZiZ.
Check Glass Toweling— lrish manufac- i »,
ture, fully 20 inches wide, assorted checks, per yard \2*%Z
Check Glass Toweling— tf eavy make, Irish -~
liden, 27 inches wide, per yard xUc
Best Quality
Groceries.
Wa %jmjr%*m Mwjm*9.
Thousands of Holiday Tables are supplied by this store
supplied with "the best that the market affords" at prices which
have astonished some housekeepers who have recently become
our customers. If you receive anything from this department
not absolutely satisfactory return to us at once. Direct tele-
phone — 59. .
New Seedless Raisins— lb... 8c Fancy Maine Succotash — can
Fancy Seeded Raisins— pkg.. 15c
....10c Choice Eastern Hams — lb.Hj^c
Cleaned Currants, bulk— lb.lOc New Rolled Wheat— 3c
Fancy Soft Shell Walnuts— New Golden Dates— ...... 10c
lb I2j^c The Best Salinas Potatoes-
Fancy Maine Com2 cans.2ac cwt ...........$1.50
Best Quality
Liquors.
■ *
Canadian Club Whiskey — $1.35
Yellowstone Whiskey, full quarts $1.25
Naglee Brandy— gallon jugs < .$5.50
Naglee Brandy — quart bottle $1.50
Table Claret, extra good for the money— gallon.. ;..... 38c
Zinfandel, quality Al— gallon 75c
Port Wine — a grade that will please — gallon .68c
Sherry, extra good value — gallon 75c
One quart demijohns Kentucky Bourbon • 83c
skull was badly fractured at the base
and that it was impossible for the man to
recover. Nothing was fouzid on his per
son to establish his identity, and as he
has not recovered from the shock his
name and residence are unknown. He is
Jiliout 2F> yearn of age. light complexion
and dressed in dark clothes.
The recent fire in the coal cargo of the
big ship Shenadoah will result in more
expense to her owners than at first be
lieved. Several ship carpenters have ex
amined the timbers in the vessel's hold
and have found that the damage is quite
serious. They state that it will take $12,
000 or $15,000 worth of repairing before she
is ready for sea. The fire had been in that
4500 tons of coal for some time, and only
the rapid sailing betwen Baltimore and
this port saved the fine ship.
The usual attempt of a woman to com
mit suicide took place yesterday morn
ing on the wharf of the Southern Pacific
slip. The woman, who is unknown, was
seen wandering around and standing on
the pier until the suspicions of the em
ployes were aroused, and they watched
her more closely. Finally she walked di
rectly to the edge of the wharf and
stepped on the string timber; then she
was seized. She was carried struggling
away from the place, and at her earnest
pleading was permitted to go away. She
was seen to take a car and go up town.
She is described as being a young woman,
pretty and well dressed. She refused to
give the slightest information concern
ing herself. She was not detained, as she
begged piteously to be permitted to go
home, and as one man said, "She was
JEFFRIES' NEXT OPPONENT
WILL BE DENVER ED SMITH
JAMES JEFFRIES, the herculean
boxer from Los Angeles, has not
had long to wait for a match.
Although just returned from the
southland he has signed to box
"Denver Ed" Smith twenty rounds
under the auspices of the National
Athletic Club. The articles of agree
ment were signed yesterday, and
Managers Groom and Gibbs believe
they have made a match that will be
In keeping with those they have ar
ranged for the National Club in the
past.
Smith's last important engagement
was in November, 1896, when he met
Joe Goddard in Johannesburg,
South Africa, losing to the latter in
four rounds. Since then he has ap
peared in exhibitions, but never as
a principal In a fight. Smith is ac
counted one of the cleverest men
THE EMPORIUM.
so pretty they couldn't refuse her re
qurst."
The ticket agents and other ferry em
ployes In the big depot wore in a freez
ing condition yesterday. T^e heating ap
paratus of the structure nas only one
boiler and It is now being cleaned. In
ordinary cases twelve hours would be
enough time for this work, but as it is a
public building boiler it will probably be
days before the depot is warmed up.
In "the mean time the employes are burn
ing their electric lights all day trying
to kep warm.
Dr. Herbert G. Shaw, who has been
connected with the Harbor Receiving Hos
pital for the past year, has been appoint
ed house physician of St. Luke's Hos
pital.
The German Trading Company s schoon
er Mascot, which has been lying for a
long time at Meiggs wharf, sailed yes
terday on a cruise among the South Sea
Islands.
The Pacific Mail steamer China is not
due from the Orient until to-morrow, but
she may come into port some time tQ
day. She has a large passenger list n.
notable persons on board, among whom
are Lorn Charles Beresford of the Brit
ish navY, the Grand Duke Cecil, cousin
of the Czar of Russia, and ex-President
Dole of the Hawaiian Islands.
From a Koranic interpretation Mos
lems are forbidden to hr c shades to
their unshaded eyes, hence the absence
of the peak both from the fez and the
turban.
with the gloves that ever stepped
into a ring, and is said to be Just
the kind of a boxer to hustle the
big Angeleno about. He has been in
the Northwest for some time.- He
kept a hotel at Victoria for a time,
and then went up to the gold fields,
from which he has Just returned.
He is in Victoria at present, but will
report here at once and go Into
training.
Jeffries' hands are reported In
good condition again, and it will not
take him long to get "fit." His ad
visers want him to get away from
Oakland this time and do his train
ing at some point off the line of
travel, where he can take his work
without interruptions.
Tho men will meet In Woodward's
Pavilion the last week In January,
and will b6x for 60 per cent of tho
gate receipts.
I THE EMFOBITJM. |
Furniture Bargains.
The v Solid Oak Bed-
AjL__ - _jfs s .^Jv fb=^fe==ff room Suit, like picture, 3
H^&ftSL '"- h ' -'-""'f P iece8 ' highly polished,
i c -- . (^ A -j\ heavy' ornate carvings.swell-
T^ =; _ *f|' \I In /fry, //A front bureau and washstand, .
%r-&\. „ ~~ 1 , ' " ' "' + manufactured by one of the ,
■ "t\ -4.- _ ___ •£* -^ ?—s-^-lD? — s-^-lD best bedroom suit fac-
'^jSg^" 5 T?>. ~35" = T ' tones in America (McCord
- -~sn=-^==±- T^ _ _ if-o-^i 1 & Bradford), sold elsewhere
~^sa^; _ [_, s- -.-_ ••-" a $26, prices cut for this
IMNI- ' $19.75.
This Couch, wide *
and roomy, velour ip^^^s^
and corduroy cover- &\^"^^V*rr=3^^ ? c^cr^^D<st=r2\
ings in a variety of Ls-& ■
colorings, actually mli&,\&' * *.- ■ -C^T** i"^PSL%A
worth $10, special £^^<dfc#P
this week *, -^
at «po«/D ■ •
Solid Oak Parlor Table, like picture, with a shelf below ,_. •
for storing your Christmas books, size of top 18x18 inches. 65c
On W Setback | SfcH
Carpet Remnant Sale.
Selling thousands of rolls of Carpets in a season means a
large accumulation of remnants at the season's end. ! Such is the
condition of our Carpet stock to-day, and, as we take stock .in
this department January 3d, we offer special inducements to
clear out the remnants before next Tuesday. There are hun-
dreds of short pieces, many averaging 25 to 30 yards. The
assortments . include Wiltons, Axminsters, Velvets and Tapestry
Brussels, and from the already reduced remnant prices we will
this week make an additional
20 PER CENT DISCOUNT.
Other lots, where patterns or color lines are not complete,
are offered as follows:
Bigelow Axminsters ßest quality, regularly sold * t --.
at $1.50 yard— to close 0ut..... $\*2\)
Hartford Axminster durable carpet and fine * no
line of patterns, regularly $1.35 yard — to close 0ut.... $J.Uo -
Lowell Body Brussels — best quality made, regularly * f _ _
$1.25 yard — to close out $ J.UU
Ten-Wire Tapestry Brussels— in all the leading makes, __
regular 90c quality— to close out 72c
Nine-Wire Tapestry Brussels regularly sold for 75c /r .
yard — to close out OUC
Linoleums — large variety of patterns — upward -_
from 35c
White Blankets, Extra
Splendid values these — the $7.50 line especially if they
were just as they came from the mill, hadn't been handled or
displayed in the windows, they would command $10 the pair.
White Blankets, made of fine California wool, size
66x78 inches, beautifully finished, ribbon bound, full * A __
5-lb. weight, per pair only $4.75
White Blankets for extra large beds— they are 78
inches wide, weight 7 lbs. made from fine long staple *_ cri
wool — a little Boi,>d from displaying — per pair $7.50 ■
BLUE COATS PASS
A QUIET DAY AT
THE PRESIDIO
Funeral of Gus E.
Ward of the Eighth.
TWO CHRISTMAS DINNERS
TROOP M AND BATTERY E IN
DULGE IN A FEAST.
The Eighth California Spends the
Time About the Barracks Long
ing for the New Year's
Furlough.
Christmas day at the Presidio was passed
most quietly by the few soldiers now gar
risoned at the Government station. Two
of the batteries reveled in lengthy
midday feast and the other boys in blue
looked on and were sad.
The day was ushered In by the funeral
of Gus E. Ward, a private in E company,
Eighth Regiment, California Volunteers.
He was one of the most popular men in
the regiment. A military funeral was all
his portion of honor. The entire battalion
escorted the hearse to the national ceme
tery in which the body was interred. Cap
tain Oliver P. Miller, the chaplain, read
the funeral service, the solemnity and
sadness of which was heightened by *he
presence of the parents, brothers and sis
ter of the deceased.
The burial of one of the regiment's fav
orites made the day a gloomy one for the
Eighth. They did not indulge in Christ
mas gayetles, but sat around the bar
racks envying their more fortunate com
rades who were home on Christmas fur
loughs. Forty per cent of the companies
were granted furloughs for Christinas
| THE EMPORIUM.
P¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥^¥¥¥¥¥¥¥j¥¥¥¥>
I THREE-DAY SALE*
Ladies" A
Tailor <gL
Dresses. \£l
.'.; Commencing to-morrow (Tues- /^^HK^r9?\
' day morning) and until Thursday at ' {ll\£El /A x \
closing time we offer • ■ 1\1|35/7 I I
• ABOUT ' • without reserve our .. . , \^)33/> A■ \
■MMMi^^n - entire stock of ' new ' . NMs/ l-
- •'' ■•" and stylish Tailor- . - (IK \L \1 >
HALF made Dresses at \Y l^\ Vi
~~T"'" - . about one-half the It . V \VJ
DDlf*r regular prices. > /U V \\w/
. rru%*K. ■■-: Now when they /fV xl/
are needed most— /" 111 1
• just at the season's height — a three- / 1 I "} \
day, quick clearance of ! late-style / II /I
garments at prices often less than / £ y .• . 'i ■ . \
cost of materials. -/ I 'h \
A hundred different / //. \
!. styles at least from^^f7 //// " \
which to choose— but ; *~| . '/// ■}>
the cut prices are for v^^ yZ&^
Tuesday Wednesday *>7
. and Thursday only. •' :c v
All $15 and $16.50 Tailor Dresses 910*00
All $18 Tailor Dresses $12*50
All $20 and $22.50 Tailor Dresses $14*50
All $25 and $27.50 Tailor Dresses ...... : $18*00 ■
All $30 and $32.50 Tailor Dresses $22*50
All $35 and $40 Tailor Dresses $25*00 '
All $50 and $60 Tailor Dresses. $35*00
All $70 and $80 Tailor Dresses $45*00
Owing to the extremely low prices all altera-
tions on these dresses will he charged extra.
.. ... • .' . i.
House Furnishings.
A First-Class No. 7 _
Range, like picture, 6 holes, "^r-^^^bga^gg&fe^
cast-iron lining, nickel towel ZffiSy^
rod and teapot shelf, an <gjg }l^r^f??^f^T^
. excellent baker, fully war- __iJ*3 I J«rP Tff(^*^fi
ranted, set up in any part Bhlf\L vv * stt^^ •
of the city, including water e^==^-y^«^-A>^*^
back pipe and all plumbing 3 "*^!^ s^
■ connections, com- *. 1 a _ r\ ; WL—Xm/-~ — il
pletefor >J7.i)U W
Heavy Galvanized — _ \^(y ,~- -^
Iron Coal Hod Z,OC \- — "
Large Size Popcorn .Popper, will hold two quarts, _
only ....,.-.... • •». JSC
Hardwood Umbrella Stand, neatly finished and highly __
polished, with brass or iron drainer •••'••"•• /5C
One-Burner Blue Flame Gas Stove, including 6 feet of best
covered gas tubing with patent rubber top that will fit any _„
burner, complete for 1...:.. £>3C
Granite Steelware.
Granite : Steeiware is perfection for Cooking utensils, ab-
solutely safe in use, no matter what acids the food may contain,
and where it is bought and sold in such quantities as the big
store handles prices are but little more than ordinary tinware
'that easily rusts, and to which glutinous substances so . readily
"stick."
Granite Steel Jelly Cake Pans large — each -9c
8-quart Granite Steel Dish Pans — each 27c
Granite Steel Frying Pans — each. 20c
Granite Steel Seamless Saucepans, with tin covers
The 3-quart size — only ........28c
The 2-quart size — only ......: 14c
i Granite Steel Rice or Mush Boiler ; inside boiler holds, 1%
"■ quarts only • i 44c
Granite Steel Coffee Pot that holds 2 quarts 32c
8-quart Granite Steel Kettle, Berlin shape 48c
Steel Enameled Cake Molds, with tube ..18c
Granite Steel Bread Pans ....12c
Steel Enamel Muffin Pan - „ ...15c
Here's a Comforter.
A full sized double bed Comforter — not "skimped" in any
way liberally - filled with good grade white cotton, covered
with stout figured material, quilted in fancy designs, * f __
very special value at each- $I*so
Great Flannel Values
Tennis Flannels, the Amoskeag manufacture —
guarantee of their superiority— in plaids and stripes, light _,
and medium colors, a 10c yard value at ......; /2C
Eiderdown Wool Flannels, in plain garnets,
tans, pinks, blues, etc., etc., full yard wide — an excep- .._
tionally good quality that we can fully recommend, per yard. 45c
Those who did not get away will be given
a furlough for New Year's day.
While the Eighth California were din
ing on roast beef, the Christmas delicacy
afforded them by the Government, Troop
M. Fourth Cavalry, and Battery E. Third
I'niteri States Artillery, were running the
line of menu that , contained everything
necessary to set on edge the stomach of a
private. A couple of hours were con
sumed in the stowing of the dinner. The
canteens of these companies netted great
returns from which the dinner was fur
nished. After the feast the well satisfied
bluecoats strutted about with cigars in
their faces and even admitted that their
life was no a hard one.
"A WONDERFUL GIFT."
Rev. Georg-e C. Needham Delivers a
Powerful Sermon at the
Y. M. C. A.
Rev. George C. Needham, the Irish
evangelist of Philadelphia, who is com
pleting a tour of the world, delivered his
famous evangelistic sermon at the Y. M.
C. A. yesterday afternoon before a large
audience. The title of the sermon was "A
Wonderful Gift." In this sermon Rev.
Mr. Needham treats Christmas day as
one of God's best gifts to men. He clear-
ly illustrates that it is the season of good
cheer and kindly feeling. He developed
along thi.s line of thought also the fact
that the Bible tells that on Christmas day
was born the Savior, and that this gift
to the world, we are told, was called
wonderful.
Rev. Mr. Needham is an impressive
speaker and holds the attention of his
audiences as much by his magnetic per
sonality as by what he says. He has
just returned from China, where he went
six months ago to conduct a series of mis
sionary services in Hongkong. His resi
dence is in Philadelphia and he will return
there in the near future.
DINNER AT THE ALMSHOTTSE.
Mrs. Phebe Hearst Provides Enjoy-
able Christmas Gifts for the
Inmates.
The nine hundred and ninety-one in
mates at the Almshouse, as well as the
employes of that institution, sat down i
yesterday to a bountiful Christmas din
ner. Four hundred mince pies were con
sumed after the more substantial feast of ■
roast mutton, cranberry sauce, vegetables,
tea and coffee had been disposed of.
Mrs. Hearst recently gave Superintend
ent Reddy $250 for the purpose of buying
something suitable for the inmates of the
house on Christmas. After considerable
canvass of the matter he purchased five
invalid chairs, also two fine music boxes
at $70 apiece.
Yesterday the new library, the gift of
Mayor Phelan, was opened to the use of
the people in the Almshouse, and the
rooms were Immediately crowded with the
delighted inmates.
THE EMPOBITOff.
Any Eyeglasses Fitted
With Our New Clip
That Don't Slip
For 50 Cents. '
Oculists' Prescriptions Filled. Factory oa
Premises. Quick Repairing-. Phone. Main 10.
Opticians kop^ genc^;
642 Market St.
i chronicle building- .
WE EMPLOY NO AGENTS.
;wl Iwl ETC X\ O
Specialists for Its
\*H(/ ; v «—^' CTl " n « weakn»M and con-
VIK '"' ""/• ' 'i^ tr * * d «Jlmi.nu i!nr« 1881.
Vit'Jtft,. They blTe th * '«'l«t and
%IIA wSS»Bft'« bMt "> ul V'r»<l i»eJic»l In.
5? va?f v A',w-lBweWlA* lltlltlon . and tl »« ■><>•* •*-
:^~ )l J,"''ir* r '7T*^t UD>lYe pr»rtlc» '■ th* V. S.
W(l&K a^WAUvUW^ '"nfortannte u«n who cao-
wvNJi^^Mra^ » ot c * n ibouM wTit * for
ESTABLISHED IT YEARS. _ ALL FIIKE.
am M cca t,.,. KoCta3^S?cSKlUtJSr
7QI MARKET ST., ) _ „ : '
01 KAN FBANCISCO J x 1 ****" Entrance
Munyon'sHeadache and
Is the only remedy on the market that
will cure every form of Headache in 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in - every home and
every traveler's gripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures 25c.
ifgggl|B& RUPTURE.
XmSX7^[sss& USE NO MORE IRON
■HM&MnBF Hoops or Steel Spring*.
r^WBB^ 3^ Rupture retained with eas«
■-"'■vJtoyV an ' ! corn f° rt . and thousands radi-
■ fMC* cally CURED by DR. PIERCES
Magnetic Elastic Truss. C 7 Call at
office or write for New Pamphlet No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
€20 Market Bt..opp. Palace Hotel. San Francisco.
'">g^DEWEY,STRONS&COj>g!^-
L PATENTS! J
MARKET ST.SJ.'SiS^
56
BURIED ALIVE FOR
FORTY-EIGHT HOURS
Grave of an Old Soldier Is Opened After Two
Days and He Is Found to Be
Simply in a Trance.
XKW YORK, Dec. 25.— A WicMta, Kan., ppecial to the Herald pays:
Clark, an inmate of the Soldiers' Home in Dodge City, is said to
have been buried alivo for two days. He had been ill with typhoid fever.
The doctor In attendance pronounced him dead and he was buried in the
Soldiers' Cemetery with military honors. Some of his comrades dec'nre 1
they did not believe Clark was dead. One soldier named Hazen persisted
that Clark had been buried alive and demanded that his body be taken
from the grave. The doctor was recalled and asked what he thought
U the cap.'. Hazen Insisted that Clark was subject to "sinking
ppells." and with typhoid fever it would be worse.
After a consultation it was decided to open the grave. When the
coffin was opened it was Been ihat Clark's hands were not in their former
position and there was moisture upon the glass above his mouth. Stim
ulants and careful nursing turned the tide for Clark and death was
r >bbed of a victim.
When dark was finally restored to consciousness he said that he
had been half-conscious of all ihat had happened and knew that he
had been buried alive.
"Still, I could not do anything." said the old soldier. "I was help
less, but life did not desert me. It v^as an awful thought, yet I could not
cry out. When I appeared to myself to be dying the experience was a
very pleasant one. I seemed to be entirely free from trouble ani pass
ing into a new realm.
"When I began to recover consciousness I found myself In what
seemed to be a coffin, but I at once knew I was not dead, because my
feet were cold and I was hungry. 1 knew if I were in heaven I would
not be hungry and if 1 were !n purgatory my feet would not be cold."
Clark is nearly 70 years old. He was buried on Wednesday and
taken out on Friday.
POLICE BUSY OK
CHRISTMAS DAY
Unusual Awakening- in
Philadelphia.
LONG SERIES OF TRAGEDIES
TRIPLE SHOOTING IN THE HOME
OF A NEGRESS.
names Claim Four Victims During
the Holiday Season, and Sand
bagging Events Are
Numerous.
atch to The Tall.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 25.— The
"peace and good will" season of the
past twcinty-four hours has keot the
police of this city busier than they have
been for many a d. y. The gravest
which called fur their services may
result in a triple murder. It occurred
t"-. light in a disreputaM-> resort near
Eleventh and Race streets. Mrs. Mary
Johnson and Mrs. Alice White, both
colored women, 28 years of age. were
s-hot in the head and bod", and Charles
H. Moore, a 34-year-old white man.
was shot in the back by Geor*e St.
Clair. colored. Mrs. White is not ex
pected to live through the night, and
the other two victims are in a critical
condition.
The shooting occurred in Mrs John-
Bon'a house. According to her state
ment, St. Clair, who lives near by. ac
companled by a colored friend from
"Washington, nairn- unknown, forced an
entrance while the women were sleep
ing and picked a quarrel over a trivial
matter, finally drawing a revolver and
firing three shots, all of which took ef
fect. Moore, who was unknown to the
j.arties, was looking for another ouse
when he accidentally stumbled into the
place while t-'t. Clair was shooting.
The pistol was promptly turned on him
and he was shot in the back. St. Clair
and his companion escaped and up to
a lrite hour have nut been captured.
Flames found f ar victims during the
Christmas period. Mrs. John Ford and
her infant daughter were burned to
death at their home in a fire caused
by an explosion of an oil lamp, and
Miss Mary Coyle, aged 70 years, met
<i. ath from a like cause. She fell down
Etairs with a lighted lamp in her hand.
Mrs. Kate M<^Xicol, aged 42, was ter
ribly burned by the upsetting of an
oil lamp at her home, and died to-night.
Griffith Harvey, an 82-year-old col
ored man, fell from a third story win
dow of his home last night and died
from a fractured skull.
Joseph McAvoy was sandbagged by
two men who followed him from a
Camrlen Baloon this morning and
robbed him of $46. H.? will recover.
Miss Emma L,amparter, also of Cam
df n. was walking to the ferry after a
night's shopping in this city when she
was held u;> by a negro, who flr^l ;<t
her with a revolver. The bullet crazed
her cheek, but her assailant was
frightened off without getting any
booty.
COLONEL GARCIA GRABS
THE CINCO MINE
John M. James, Who Was Robbed of
His Rights, Now Seeks a
Heavy Indemnity.
. EL, PASO, Tex., Dec. 25.— Clnco de
Mayo, a mine located 250 miles southwest
of this city In what is known a* the
Pilaros district of Sonora, Mexico, Is now
owned and operated by Colonel Garcia, an
s4TV:-— et the Mexican army. The mine
was discovered one year ago by John M.
James of T,onlsl>ure:. New Mexico, and
proved to be of fabulous richness in its
yield of silver ore. James worked the
mine for a few months, and shipped a
few carloads of ore to the smelter at this
point which pave him returns of from
300 to $400 a ton. One flay Colonel Gar
cia, who owns a vast tract of land in
that region, had him ejected from the
property, claiming that he held the title
to the land on which the mine was situ
ated. James fought the case in the Mexi
can courts, but Garcia's title was sus
tained and now he has asked the Secre
tary of State to apply to the Mexican
Government for an indemnity of $300,000.
CRUISE OF BATTLE-SHIPS
AND ATTENDANT VESSELS
The Refrigerator Supply Ship Celtic
Arrives at Callao,
Peru.
LIMA, Peru, Dec. 25.— The t'nited
i refrigerator supply-ship Celtic of
Commodore Barker's squadron, which,
with the battle-ships Oregon and lowa.
the collier Scandia and the dlstflUng-ship
Iris, left Tompkinsville, Staten Island, on
October 12, arrived this morning at Cal
lao, the port of Lima.
CROOKES' FIGURES
ARE NOT CORRECT
Wheat Statistics That
Vary From Facts.
STRAIGHTENED OUT BY DODGE
DECLARES THERE IS NOT THE
DEFICIT PREDICTED.
Former Member of the Department of
Agriculture Makes Interesting
Corrections in Sir Wil
liam's Estimates.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ALBANY, X. y., Dec. 25.-J. R.
Dodge, for many years statistician of
the United States Department of Agri
culture at Washington, has written to
the Country Gentleman an exhaustive
answer to the address of Sir William
CrookßS before the British Science As-
Boclatioa He takes Sir William to
task for presenting inaccurate figures.
He Bays:
"Sir William Crookes declares that
there is already a deficit of wheat area
of 31,000 square miles, or approximate
ly 20.000,000 acres, rather unreasonable
in view of the fact that this area at
the present rate of yield would produce
□early 260,000,000 bushels, while the
Kuropean deficiency, which is the prin
cipal one in the world, is by the Beer
bohm record only 310.000,000 bushels'
average in the last eight years. He
assumed the present annual require
ment for bread is 2,324,000 bushels of
wheat, while the official and expert
estimates of the period since 1890 aver
age more than that figure, the compil
ation of such estimates for seven years
by the Department of Agriculture
averaging 2,477,845,000, an excess of
over 150,000,000. Though the eminent
scientist is almost as lame in his sta
tistics of consumption as he is in those
of production, really minimizing both,
he makes the supply of the year only
1.H21.000.000, while in the statement
quoted above the product of 1897, the
smallest of seven years, is given at
2,214.000,000.
"It is a very unreliable forecast that
understates production nearly 10 per
cent. It would be uncharitable to hope
for a scarcity of bread rations, still
our wheat growers would not feel very
despondent over a prospect of good
prices.
"The Crookes view is a distinct en- I
eouragement to them, and similar j
views have been put forth sometimes !
apparently in the hope of raising prices.
Unfortunately when exaggerated a
temporary rise of 10 per cent is fol- \
lowed (as the result of natural reac- i
tion, and from the effect of increase of !
area, stimulated by temporary advance I
in value) by a fall of 20 to 30 per cent.
as between 1891 and 1895. It is hard
to convince people, scientists as well as
plain people, that honesty is the best
policy and truth in statistics cannot !
be safely departed from. The practice
of stock exchanges as well as that of ;
advantage can never aid the cause of
science or of rural economy."
RECIPROCITY FINDS
FAVOR IN ARGENTINA
Senate Sanctions a Customs Law De
signed to Re-establish the
Treaty.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B. by James Gor
don Bennett.
BUENOS AYRKS. Argentina. Dec. T,.—
The Senate sanctioned yesterday the cus
toms law adding to the present regula
tions one providing in brief that the "Gov
ernment is authorized to accord a reduc
tion of tariff not to exceed GO per cent in
favor of a country which may accord an
equivalent reduction on the products of
Argentina,"
This action is especially designed to re
establish the recent reciprocity treaty
with the United States.
NO NORTH, NO SOUTH.
Presbyterian's Appeal for a United
Church in America.
NASHVILLE, Term., Dec. 25.— Rev. Dr.
J. I. Vance of the First Presbyterian
Church, in his sermon to-day, urged the
wiping- out of tho terms "North"' and
"South" applied to the church, saying:
I wonder if the time is not at hand for the
effacement of geographical marks from the
name of our beloved Presbyterian church in
America? She should be the first to put into
practice thr Qoapel ilu i.roclalmed. And vet
It must be admittej that while Mason and
Pixon's line has disappeared from the geo
gruphy of citizenship, it survives In the *eo
rraphy nf the church. I speak to-day for a
presbyterianlsm that shall no more be marked
••North" or "South," hut whose territorial
boundaries shall be co-termlnous with the ut
termost rimlts If the republic-an American
Presbyterian church.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 26, .1898.
JUDGE DAY IS
SLATED FOR THE
SUPREME BENCH
Says He Is Now Out of
Politics.
STORIES OF BIG PAY DENIED
EACH PEACE COMMISSIONER TO
GET ABOUT $15,000.
During Negotiations at Paris There
Were Two Critical Periods, One
on Cuban Debt and Other
on Philippines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 25.— The
Washington correspondent of
the Herald telegraphs: chair
man Day of the Peace Commis
mission is slated by President
McKinley for the first vacancy
on the bench of the United
States Supreme Court that may
occur during this administra
tion. In the meantime it Is the
President's intention to make
him a Circuit Judge. There is a
bill pending in Congress creating
a new judicial circuit in Ohio.
Mr. Day's friends in Congress,
at the solicitation of the Presi
dent, will try to have this bill
passed Immediately as a special
compliment to Day for his .good
work in the peace negotiations.
If the bill is passed Day will be
at once appointed to the judge
ship created. No vacancy on the
Supreme Court bench Is at pres
ent expected, but Justice Gray
is eligible for retirement on ac
count of age, and it is thought
possible he may desire to give up
active service before the end of
the present administration, and
in this event Day will doubt
less be promoted from the Cir
cuit to the Supreme bench.
CANTON, Ohio, Dec. 25.— Judge Day.
president of the late Peace Commission,
and Mrs. Day, reached their Canton
home in time to take Christmas with
their family. They arrived at 10:. r ,r> this
morning over the Pennsylvania Rail
road. There Mas no formal greeting:
arranged for them, but a committee jf
the Stark County bar, several personal
friends and members of their family
were at the station to meet them.
The Judgt? is In excellent health and
spirits, and the trip abroad has evi
dently been beneficial. Mrs. Day is also
In excellent health, and, notwithstand
ing the seasickness on the return voy
age, comes t<> her home in much bet
ter health than when she left it.
Judge Day, when asked as to his
plans for the future, said he expects to
remain in Canton and resume the prac
tice of law in the firm of which he
wan a member before entering tWe Cab
inet of President McKinley. The work
of the commission ended when ihe
treaty Mas delivered to the President.
and he does not expect to visit Wash
ingtt n again in connection with any
duties on that commission.
Asked as to whether he had any de
sires which the State of Ohio could
satisfy, li" said: "If you refer to polit
ical desires, 1 have not. My only am
bition is to be allowed to pursue the
practice of my profession."
Later in the conversation, he author
ized the direct statement that under no
circumstances would he be a candidate
for Governor, as has been reported dur
ing his absence in Paris.
While he talked freely on many mat
ters connected with his work in Paris.
Judge Day did not feel at liberty to
give an interview in detail on the work
of the commission, he said the talk
of $100,000 compensation for the com
missioners, or of any sum approaching
that amount was ridiculous and pre
posterous, ihe President fixes the com
pensation of the commissioners and
none of them, it is safe to say. ac
cepted the duties as a speculation.
None of them has an idea of a large
fee such as would have been paid had
they performed the duties in the capac
ity of regularly retained attorneys.
There is no actual precedent on which
to base an estimate, but the prediction
is ventured that the compensation of
the commissioners will not exceed $15,
000 each, and the re isonable expenses
incurred on the trip and in Paris.
These expenses, however, will not in
clude those incurred for the wives and
families of the attaches of the com
mission, because all such went on the
journey entirely independent of the
commission and were in no way^ a
charge upon the official party.
It is probable that the stories of large
compensation were suggested by pay
ments in treaties of the past, notably
the Bering Sea matter and Mr. Foster's
work in connection with the China and
Japan treaty. In the case of Mr. Fos
ter there is no parallel to the Paris
commission. He was retained for a
very large fee to perform certain duties.
In the case of the Bering Sea the com
missioners were paid very modest sums
for their work, but associated with
them were a number of attorneys of
note in the capacity of counsel looking
after large interests, and as such were
paid liberal fees.
A number of friends have called on
Judge Day since his return and to them
he has talked entertainingly. The work
at Paris was felt by the commissioners
to be arduous and left little or no op
portunity for pleasures, which the
Judge would have been glad to have
enjoyed in a city which impressed him
with its beauty and historic interest.
The French Government treated the
commissioners very well and the room
in which negotiations were conducted
was a magnificent one, well adapted to
the work in hand. The Americans were
in session every day, and during
long hours most days, during their so
journ in Paris. They took a vast
amount of testimony bearing on the
questions to be disposed of and were
in constant communication with the
President. Whenever, under instruc
tions from Washington, the American
position was closely defined a session
was held with the Spanish representa
tives and at such sessions the Amer
icans always presented a firm and
united position.
There wore but two critical periods
in the negotiations, the first regarding
the Cuban debt, which was an open
question for more than a month, dur
ing which time the Americans never
swerved from the position presented
to the Spaniards. The other was upon
the Philippine cession, and after the
Americans had reached a conclusion in
their own councils as to the concessions
that could be granted, there was no
MANY HAVE PERISHED
FOR WANT OF FOOD
The Entire Population of a Bahama Island
Threatened With Death From
Starvation.
• pedal Cable to The Call and the Nevr York Herald. Copyrighted. IS9B,
by James Gordon Reonett.
HAVANA, Dlc. 23. — The Spanish mail steamer Alicante, which
arrived yesterday, brought word that famine threatens to destroy the
entire population of Bernini Key, the easternmost of the British Baha
ma possessions. Captain Oliver of the Alicante repotted to Acting
British Consul Jerome that when coming through Old Providence chan
nel the Alicante was signaled from a small sail boat in which were
three famine-stricken men. They said they had put out from Bernini
hoping to secure aid from some steamer.
A series of severe storms destroyed growing crops and caused the
loss of many fishing boats. Storehouses were destroyed and the in
habitants left absolutely destitute. Since then famine had increased
to such an extent that many had died, while the survivors were gener
ally too weak to continue the struggle for life.
Captain Oliver sent several hundred pounds each of cod fish, pota
toes and ship's biscuits to Bernini, and promised to report their diffi
culties. Jerome, upon receiving the report, at once cabled the English
Governor at Nassau to hurry supplies to Bernini, which is about eight
hours' steaming from Nassau.
deviation and the Spaniards finally ac
cepted. The personal relations between
the representatives of the two govern
ments was at all times friendly and
cordial. The Americans had great re
spect for the ability of the Spanish
members and believe that nothing was
left unsaid or undone "that could benefit
the Spanish case. The president of the
Spanish commission was remarked as
a man of great ability by the Amer
icans and yon their respect for the
able manner in which he conducted the
Spanish case.
SPECULATION CONCERNING
CRUISER PHILADELPHIA
It Is Said the Vessel May Be Sent
With Dispatches to the Battle
ship Squadron.
NEW YORK, Dec. 25.— A Washington
special to the Herald rays: Considerable
speculation it? current in naval circles as
to the purpose of the Navy Department
with respect to the cruiser Philadelphia,
flagship of the Paciffc station. The Phila
delphia is now at Punta Arenas, Costa
Rica, where she is awaiting further or
fl< re. It is understood in naval circles
that she will drop down to Panama, but
what further the purpose of the depart
ment is respecting her cannot be learned.
A ion has been made that Commo
dore Kautz. commander in chief of the
Pacific station, lias an Important dis
patch tor Captain A. S. Barker, com
manding the battle-ship Bqvadron, which
is expected to arrive a 1 Callao In a few
days. Should this be the case It is be
li< ved thai the Philadelphia will meet the
battle-ships at sea, and perhaps accom
pany them to Honolulu. The suggestion
was' recently advanced that the Philadel
phia will ultimately proceed to Manila,
but it is now pointed out that this is
clearly impossible in view of the fact that
i her.' are only two ships attached to the
Pacific station, the Philadelphia and gun
boal Yorktnwn. which is Hearing comple
tion at Mare Island.
DEWEY HAS JUST
A YEAR TO SERVE
But There Is a Sentiment in Naval
Circles in Favor of Increasing
His Services.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2.j.— A Washington
Bpecial to the Herald says: Vnless Con
gress should pass a law authorizing him
t.. r. main on the active list Rear Admiral
Dewey will be placed on the retired list
on December 26, 1899. Only one other re
tironu-nt will occur next year— that of
Commodore H. L. Howison, now com
mandant of the Boston Navy Yard.
There is a strong sentiment in naval oir
rl< s in favor of the passage of a law
Which shall permit the retention of Rear
Admiral Dewey upon the active list for
ten years, us was done in the case of
h< roes of the Civil War.
Reports from Manila that Rear Admiral
Dewey desire* to return home are not be
lieved by department officials, their ad
vices from him indicating that he desires
to remain in the Philippines. It is not ex
pected here that he will be detached from
the command of the Asiatic station until
just in time to reach the United States
on the day of retirement.
SHOT TO DEATH AT A
CHRISTMAS CELEBRATION
Trouble of Long Standing Culminates
in the Death of a Prominent
Missourian.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., Dec. 25.— At a
Christmas tree celebration at Aught, a
small town In Osape County, John Hol
loway shot and klllod Jule Bolllot, one of
the oldest and most prominent citizens of
Osa/re County. The killing was the result
of trouble of lonpr standing:, Roillot and
Hollo way having had several lawsuits.
Holloway shot his victim five times, after
whi.h he fled. The news of the murder
was at once sent by telephone to all parts
of the county to prevent the murderer's
escape, but ho far as can be learned he
has not been apprehended. The killing
created great excitement in the town and
the citizens offered a reward of $300 for
the arrest of Holloway.
WHITE MEN BATTLE
WITH THE NEGROES
During an Encounter at Dallas,
Texas, One Fighter Is Killed
and Another Injured.
DALLAS, Tex., Dec. 25.— 1n an encoun
ter between three white men and some
negroes, one of the latter, Oscar White,
was killed and another, Frank Holland,
seriously v.'oundc-d. Hundreds of whites
and negroes a.ssrmblcd and for a time a
race war was imminent.
The air was tilled with knives and pis
tols. A squad nf police dispersed the
mob. The three white men were arrested.
SUBSTITUTION OF SATCHELS.
How a Woman Lost Money and Valu-
ables on a Train.
TREXTON. N. J.. Dec. • 25.-Mrs. Wil
liam T. Smith of East Liverpool, Ohio,
who reached Trenton yesterday on a visit
to her father, Richard Barlow, reported
to the local police that a satchel con
taining $1500 in money and diamonds was
stolen from her on the train. She was
riding in a Pullman car and missed the
satchel at Allegheny, Pa., when she dis
covered that a similar satchel had been
substituted for her own in her seat while
she was in a toilet room of the car. The
maiter was reported to the conductor and
a description was telegraphed back of a
man and woman who left the car at
Rochester, Pa. Mrs. Smith's husband is
a pottery manufacturer of East Liverpool.
WENT THROUGH THE ICE.
Thirty Boys and Girls Thrown Into
the Water and Three Drowned.
BROOKLINE, Mass., Dec. 25.— 8y the
sudden breaking of the ice oh Loverett
Pond in the park system, thirty young
girls and boys were thrown into
eight feet of water, and though numerous
spectators and the police worked hard to
rescue the children, three were drowned
before help could reach them. They were
J. w. Clattenburg Jr., 10 years of age-
Arthur Collins, 12 years old, and Emma
Miller, 14 years old.
FIRE DESTROYS HOME
OF MINISTER VICUNA
Owing to the Coolness of the Diplo
mat's Boy the Family Escaped
From the Flames.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 25.-Fire, which
# broke out shortly after 7 o'clock to-day,
partly destroyed the house occupied by
j Senor Don Carlos Maria Vicuna, the
. Chilean Minister, at the corner of Con.
| necticut avenue and N street. The roof
■ and top story were destroyed and the
j furniture of the whole house ruined by
i smoke and water, entailing: a loss of
I $10,000. The Minister and his family
; escaped, owing to the energies and cool
ness of his 12-year-old son, Carlos, but
the flames made such headway that the
Inmates were unable to secure clothing
and were compelled to hurry out in their
> nightrobes. All took refuge for a time in
the British embassy, just across the
street, where they were cared for by Lady
' Pauncefote and her daughters. Two maid
servants were overcome with fright and
: had to be taken out. The governess,
| Slgnorina Malfredi, received a hard fall
: in climbing upstairs In an attempt to se
cure clothing for Mme. Vicuna.
The fire was caused by an overheated
flue. It was discovered by the son,
j Carlos who slept on the third floor
i through whose instrumentality his three
sisters, occupying rooms on the same
' floor, the maids, who slept upstairs, and
| the father and mother, who slept on the
I second floor, were awakened and apprised
I of their danger. ;;,.;■' ■>
NINE MEN INJURED
AND TWO WILL DIE
Yard Engine and Freight Train Col
lide in the Suburbs of
Lexington.
LEXINGTON. Ky.. Dec. 25.— The worst
wreck in this vicinity in ten years oc
curred In the suburbs, near Pepper's dis
tillery, at 2 o'clock this afternoon. A
Louisville and Nashville yard engine and
Chesapeake and Ohio engine No. 60, pull
ing an extra freight train, collided. Nine
men were badly Injured, two probably
fatally, and both engines were dem
olished.
The injured are: Lester Hornbrook, L.
and N. yard clerk, arm broken, skull
fractured, probably die; R. O. Vaughan
I* and N. fireman, leg broken; Al Clark'
U and N. switchman, right arm broken
and right shoulder fractured, head badly
bruised; William Morrissey, L and N
foreman, internal injuries, probably fatal"
James Douglass, L. and N. foreman'
scalp wound in back of head, right lee
broken, body badly bruised; George Hund
L and N. engineer, badly bruised and
left shoulder mashed; John Collins L
and N. switchman, badly bruised. Con
ductor Meadows and Fireman John Jones
(.. and 0., both escaped serious injury'
but were badly bruised. '
NO BEER FOR THE THIRSTY.
Every Saloon in Lexington, Ky.,
Closes on the 6abbath.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Dec. 25,-Thia was
the first day in the history of Lexington
that thirsty men could not get a drink
Every saloon in the city was closed by
mutual agreement of the proprietors.
This action was brought about by the re
cent judgment found against the saloon
keepers for violation of the Sunday law
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ISTWHAr
YOU WANT
I2ST YOUR
Bathroom, Bedroom,
Dining=room, Nursery,
Library or Office.
Oil Heater,
..THAT HEATS..
No Odor, No Smoke, No Ashes!
Up to Date in Quality!
Down to Date in Prices!
W. W. MONTAGUE & CO.
HEADQUARTERS
FOR HEATING AND COOKING
APPARATUS OF ALL KINDS,
309 to 311 Market Street, S. F.
UB9 f m^ wd
Facial Soap fcj^P Facial Cream.
Woodbury's Facial Soap, Facial cream, Fa-
cial and Tooth Powder, manufactured by JOHN
H. WOODBURT. will make the complexion
Clear, Soft and Beautiful and the teeth white.
Bold everywhere. v ..-■ ■ v
LIST OF PHIZES.
OFFICIAL DRAWING
OF THE .
LOTTERY
BENEFICIi^DBLICA.
The . 119 th ordinary monthly drawing, class
M, drawn in the City of Mexico on December
22, 189 S. ':\ \v .
Special Notice— public is cautioned to
beware of concerns claiming to operate lotte-
ries in the City of Mexico or at any other point
in the Republic of Mexico, as all such con-
cerns are fraudulent. The lottery of the Ben-
eflcencia Publica is the only one authorized
I and indorsed by the Mexican National Gov-
ernment. Beware of spurious imitations and
see that all tickets are signed by A. Castillo,
Intervenor, and U. Bassettl, manager. None
others are genuine.
No. Prize. INo. Prize. No. ; Prize.
120 200| 124 200 138 40
215 20 1
223 200 595 20 613 40 I
635 20 717 40 958 40 J
1076 20 1077 40 1152 40
11S6 20 1265 40 1379 40
1420........ 100 1456 20 1501 20
1508 2011587 20 1602 20
1806 20 i' 1882 20 2128 40
2708 20 3165.. 20 1 3205 20
3745 20 3927 20 1 3948 20
4091 60000 4138 20 1 4174 20
4154 20 4201 20 4205 20
4213 20 1 4235... 20 1 440S 40
4533 20 1 4557 100 4577 20
4803 100 5224.. 100 5339 40
6370 40 6372........ 100 E413... 20
5599 20 6838 100' 6839 20
6838 100 6019 20 6104 20
6115 20 6267 40 6271 100
6333 40 6386 500 6458 200
6461 200 6505 20 6622 500
6641 40 6920 20 7025 20
7055 20 7062 100 7123 200
7127 100 7397 20; 7491... 40
7602 20 1 7710 20 7816 20
7960 20 7996 40 8063 20
8200 20 8214 100 8215 40
8343 1000 8353 20 5440 40
84S0 40 8482 20 j 8679 20
8936 40 8973 20 9040 40
9064 40 9066 20 1 9113 : 20
9260 20 9324 20 9333 20
9417 100 9536 100 9638 40
10135 40 10275 20 10492 20
10543 200 10641..'. 100 10913 40
10920 4010925 20 1 10980 40
11075 20 11146 40 11223 40
11458 40-11514 40 11647 40
11757 20 12065 40 12204 40
12408 40 12436 600 12451 20
12510 20 12575 20 12582 20
12697 20 13171 20,13250 40
13315" 40 13327 20 13338 20
13420 4018485 40 1
13653 20 13703 40 13756 20
13820 40 13561 40113880 20
14004 20 1402!) 20 14056 20
14084 14183 20 14188 100
14238 20|14259 20 14384 20
14510 14621 20 14650 20
14525 ...... 40 14964 20 14972 20
15086 20 15217 100 15265 20
15335 20 1 15422 40 15445 40
15729 40 15957 40 16052 200
16246 100 16364 100,16472 20
16492 20 16577 100 16623 40
16642 20 16740 20 16784 20
16S3S 20 16864 «; 40 17037 40
17131 100 17385 2017397 20
17479 20 17595 17619 20
17644 20 17705 20,17732 20
17821 20 17878 20 17881 1000
17948 100 18063 20,18122 20
18133 20 15232. ....... 2018478 100
14479 20 18550 20118790 40
18874 18952 40,19100 20
19137 20 191 20 19355........ 20
19530 20 19728. 100 19820 20
19914 40 19970 20 19984 20
19996 200
20039 20 20144 20 20215 40
20233 20 20248 40120287 40
30350 200 20413 20 20570 20
20682 40 20542 20 20855 40
20948 40 21070 100 21287 20
21405 100 21468 100 21491 100
21518 20 21715 20 21855 40
21873 40 21937 20 22126 200
22265 20 22363 40122495.. 20
22527 40:22574 20122639 20
22713 40 22853 20J22563 20
22891........ 20 22945 20122965 20
23145 20 23269 20 23443 20
23450 40 23490 20 2379S 40
23812 100 23922 20 24346 40
24367 20 24377 20 24636 20
24721 24762 20124996 20
25131 100 25208 20 25351 20
25725 25922 • 20. 25949 20
26254 100 26372 20(26402 20
26452 20 26498 40 26530 20
20537 40 26703 100 26717 200
26526 40 26897 20 26984 40
27209 20 27257 20 27267 20
27478 20 27500 4027591 800
27633 100 27671........ 40 27689......... 40
2773S 20 27750........ 20 27920 20
25022.... 20 25207 100 28374 20
28464 20,28532 20 28739 20
25755 1000 28784 40128785 20 I
25840 20 25940 4029239 40
29244 40 29288 100:29341 100
29406 40 29790 .... 40 29547. 100
29912 40-29955 20 />'•';>
30020... 20130088 100 30263 40
30281 40 30625 40 30599 20
30637 20 30SS7 800 31024 20
31043 40 31184 40 31320 40
31332 20131488 20,31527 100
31705 20 31713 100 31742 20'
31SS1 20 31923.. 20 31977 40
32063 100 32095 40 32117........ 20
32272 20 32276 40132302.. 40
32470 100 32589 20132710 200
32756 40132803 20132844 20
83889 20 33162 20 33158 20
33196 20 33204........ 20 33293 20
33306 20 33307....*,.. 20133343 20
33414 40 33660.... 7... 20133703.. 20
33758 20 33796 20:33903 20
33905 20 33938 20 33984 20
34363 40.34383 100 34573 20
34581 20 34607 20 ; 34610 20
34723 40 34762 20 34891 20
34906 40 34961 20 34986.. 20
35158 20 35398 .'4O 35492 20
35507 20 35590 35714 20
35724 20 35740 40:35886 20
35932 100 ! 36201... 20 36256 100
36333 20 36346 1000136387 40
36453........ 40 36456 20 36550 20
36593. 20 36674 20 36751 40
36824 100 36828 40|36843 100
36921 2036977 100 37057 20
37322 40 37538........ 20 37686 40
37828 20 3756S 20 37991 20
35043 40 38068 40 38173... 40
38251 20 38322 20 38538 20
38618 ....... 20 38766........ 100 88781 20
3SSIB 20 38923 20 38971 20
39024.. 40139001 20 39164 20
39474 2013947S 20 39652 20
39653 20 39705 39889........ 20
39951 20
40120 40 40171 40140198 . 40
40259 40,40351 40 40794 40
40860 20 41124........ 100141126 40
41188 20 41219........ 20 41274 100
41298 20 41441........ 100 41536........ 100
41716 20 41550.. 40 41858 '20
41933 20 41981.. 40 42140 40
42206 100 42236 20 42334 20
42352.. 20 42391........ 20 42399 20
42567 40142616 20142642 40
42668 40.42978 20 42997... 40
43031........ 20 43050... 40 43073........ 20
43077 100 43266........ 100 43512 20
43616 20 43636 20 43955 40
43952.. 40 44055 40 44253 40
44275 20 4429S 40 44413... 40
44527... 20 44825 ... 20 44962 100
45044 20 45131 20 45135 40
45142 20 45200 2045252.. 40
45291 20 43310... 40 46551 20
45585 40 45*13 100 45846 40
45893 20 45958 20 45966 20
45969 40 46014 40 46097.. 20
46107........ 20 46125........ 40146141 20
46570 20 46634. .' 2046909 20
46944 20 47124 200 47202........ 20
47250 20 47276.. 20 47287 40
47340 20 47350. ...'.... 20 47404. ... 20
47584 40 47632 20 47650 40
47736 4047800 40 47804 20
48451 20 43462 40148492 20
45662.. 20 45673... 40148704 20
45749 40 48941........ 40 49161........ 40
49185 20 49350... 40 49472.. 40
49514........ 40 49738........ 20 49786........ 20
49801 20 49940 2049963 20
50013 600 150352 100 50380 40 '
50462 100 50593 20150641 20
50741 20 50749........ 40150763 40
50829 20 51017.. 40 51064.. 20
51090........ 800 51143........ 20 51222........ 40
51298 10051360 40 51581........ 20
51633 4061758 20 51754 ...40
51022 20 52050 ..100 52157 20
32234 4052243 4052247 20 !
62290 800 62342.. 100 52806 20 j
52942. 40 53012. 20 53049 20
53107 *20 53258... 200 53298 100 I
53372 40 53479 500 53678 100 '
53957... 20 54148...;.... 40154444........ 20 I
64476 20 54532.. 54710 200 j
54756 20i.M891 2054893 ..'..... 20
64904........ 20 63071........ 20 55116. 20 i
55117........ 20 55234 40 i 55346 20
65411.. 40 55535 20 65625........ 20
65728 100 56013 20156087. 40 '
66102 40 56259........ 20156485 20 !
66534........ 2056598 40 56604........ 40 i
56704 200156709 20,56799 20
66811 20 66946......... 100 66972 20 I
67062 40 57342 40157369........ 40 i
67431 100 67535.. ...... 100 57626... 20
57637 4067640... 20 57741........ 100
67849 20 53166 201*8254 .100 i
65.-.14 20 58541 ....... 2055565 ...... 100
58675 20 58751.. 100158883 20
53820.. 20 58925 20159286 20
59322 20 59323 40,59332 " 20 !
69523 20 ."9594 20159637... 20 ■
59712 20 59728........ 40|59765 '" 20 i
59776........ 2059778.. : 40159855 ..100
59955 .40 ■ . ■ ■ • ..
60247 60347........ 60363........ 20
60447........ 20 60516.... 20 60917.... . 20
61180 40 61196 .20161221 " 40
61296 2061346 40161387 ' 20
61489 2061496 40161509.. "•40 I
61611 20 61628........ 61663.... .] 20 '
61667........ 40 61709 .." 100 : 61728 ..'.' 100 !
81R31.. 62111. 40162211 ..... 20 ;
62243........ 100 62341... 40 62596.......! 40 1
62606........ 100 62957........ '20 62963....... 40
63002 -20 63012........ 20 63050.. .'."" 40
63075.:...... 100 63109 .r...... 20 l 63207... " 200 I
63279.. 4063391 40 63652.. .";*' 20 I
e3669.y.....V ; 20163707... 20163330.^H jo |
LIST OF PRIZES.
No. Prize.) No. Prize. I No. Prize.
63952 20(64029 20|64057 20
64487 40164678 20,64720 200
64788 20,64509 40:64810 20
64832 4064848 40165178 20
65244 100J65264 26 66401 100
65452 40165514 40,65522 20
65577 2016&616 40 65625 20
65626 40 65995 4066064 20
66128 20,66154 20,66410 20
C 6414 20 66424........ 40 66649 40
66717 10067322 20;67448 20
17581 40167692 20167745 40
(7761 4067780 10O;6778S 10000
67576 20167939 40|67966 20
67971 4068008 20 68093 20
BS2IO 20168*11 20 68315 4K
65412 20 : 68472 40 68527 20
68577 20 65624 40 68815 20
68665 40168707 4<>:fiHgr.l 20
68559 20 68987 40 69104 20
fi9107 4069141 100169192 40
G9231 2069449 20169540 100
68562! 20169669 40,69x76 20
69894 40,631*03 40 69935 100
69992 20 1
70004 40 70024 100:70123 20
70141 40170166 5O0'70:o2 20
70281 20 7060 40.70681 100
7(,75« 4070875 20 70*06 20
71025';;;;;;; 2O ; 71121 2" 71L'72 20
71852 100 715C1 2071611 40
71752 10071816 20|71&71 100
71982 207201G 200)72110 40
72258 4072397 2» 7LV.63 20
72574 4072606 200 72880 20
73156 4073264 40|78388 20
73343 4072461 20 78484 40
78620 20 73608 20J73685 20
73883 2072740 100 72782 40
78842 2072886 20 73906 20
73914 5M74&71 4"741«9 40
74192 40174482 40 74468 2"
74585 . .. 100J74714 20174808 20
74852 4074901 100 74925 l"0
74938 ... 20'7507K 200 75093 40
75258 207626S 20 75429 2 f "* "
75516 . ... 40 7-.",:' ](,■.:.:.. 100
75604 2075878 20175879 I'iO
76010 ■ I 1 20
7«227 40 7626: 100:76327 200
76690 2076611 20178635
7K747 1000 76814 20|76959 20
76J75 100 77008 20 77082 40
77401 80077440 49m612 20
77,-20 .. 4077C00 2" 771,37 20
77804' 8077924 20 77974 40
78061 8078168 40 78222 40
75508 . . . 80178670 80J78888
7SSO6 2Ui79059 40 79231 40
79416 40179458 40 70629 200
78621 40179827 40
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers from 4041 to 4141 inclusive, being
50 numbers on earh side of the number draw-
Ing capital prize of J60.000— 560.
100 numbers from 7.'.,359 to 75,489 inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of 120,000—140.
100 numbers from 67,738 to 67,838 Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of 110,000— J20.
799 numbers ending with 91 being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $60,000— J2O.
799 numbers ending with 39, being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $20,000—120.
Number 4091 draws first capital prize of $60,-
000, sold in Havana, Cuba; St. Louis, Mo.:
New Orleans, La.; San Antonio. Tex.
Number 75,439 draws second capital prize of
$20,000, sold in Havana, Cuba; St. Louis, Mo.;
New Orleans, La.; New York City.
Number 67,788 draws third capital prize of
$10,000. sold in San Francisco, Cal.; Guaymas,
Sonora.
Numbers 83.643, 17,681. 28,755, 36.346 and 76,747
draw each $1000, sold In Lima, Peru; San Fran-
cisco, Cal.; Havana, Cuba; St. Louis, Mo.;
Chicago, 111.; Encarnaclon, JaJ.; El Paso, Tex.;
Pueblo, Pue.; Mexico City.
The regular monthly drawing. No. 120, with
capital prize of $60,000, will take place on
January 26. 1899.
Wholes, $4; halves, $2: quarters, $1; eighths,
50c; sixteenths, 25c, United States money.
ANTONIO PEREZ,
For the Treasury Department.
U. BASSETTI. Manager.
APOLINAR CASTILLO. Intervenor.
Prizes cashed at 35 New Mont-
gomery street, San Francisco, Cal.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Scottish Oil fil National
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH. SCOTLAND. ON THB
31st day of December. A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $101,587 96
Loans on bonds and mortgages 1,482:680 99
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,730,375 61
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, fctockg and other market-
able securities as collateral 2,800 00
Cash In company's office 1,366 84
Cash in banks 424.563 57
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 18,740 69
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 23.133 88
Premiums in due course of collection 271,237 92
Total assets $4,066,487 4«
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $38,884 18
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense 229,332 48
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 17,641 67
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,801,671 S6;
reinsurance 50 per cent 900,833 93
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,755,-
420 08; reinsurance pro rata 938,283 21
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become due 23,436 68
Total liabilities $2,148,363 15
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums $2,354,554 M
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages 76,714 84
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 67,498 84
Received for rents 6,063 00
Total Income $2,493,816 54
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses (In-
cluding $291,545 03, losses of pre-
vious years) $1,241,888 83
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 611,087 99
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges fof officers, rlorks, etc 107.1DS 29
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 57.792 32
All other payments and expendi-
tures 131.042 85
Total expenditures $2.045.510 27
Flre.
Losses Incurred during the year $1,197,946 96
Risks and Premiums. jFire Risks. lPremlums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $336,598,925!53,201.357 46
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 292.161,257 2,893,880 85
Net amount In force De-
cember 31. 1597 403.050.811 3.557.09194
MARTIN BENNETT.
United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21*4
day of January, IS9S.
CLARKSON N. FOWLER. Notary Publlfc
R. C. MEDCRAFT,
CBNERAL AGENT.
319 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
oooooooooooooooooa *
l vr PALACE «°3
GZ? /I JVD wQZßfeg «
D BAH mitAHCIBCO. • 2
Jf Connected by a covered passageway. ™.
•* 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. 0
0 All Under One Management. Q
0 -KOTE THE PHIOEB: q
PEnropoan Plan. B l.oo per day and upward "
f American Plan.sS.oO per day and upward *3
0 Correspondence Solicited . A'
0 nair o. uk&tatbick, Muign. , «
fLo ooooooooaooo 00 0
A fill IB ■ and Morphine Habits
■ Mil IHH cured at home. Write
uriuif I for full particular- and
Wl I Will book free
INDIAN OPIUM CURE, B. D. KIM MIS.
201 Turk St. ,San Francisco.
-J^jK^mthß!?*/! Big ** is a non-roisonotM
jfflWPr D * Eh^^| Gleet, Spermatorrha-a,
tosd»Ti.^ Whites. unnatural fill!
Rf Oa»r»nte«l * chargps, or any inflamma-
131,, 1 "" •» " ar «- ''on. irritation or ulcera-
pj3PrtT.nu «»ow«ioD. tion of mv c v i mem-
■ aVITHEEVANSCHEHICuCo. braces. Non-astringent.
MBkctNCINNATI.O.ESa Sold by n-ntf'iu,
«B^ V. 3. J3BI° B «nt in plain wrapper,
<2%lgBrag?fell by 'ipress, prepaid, fofCHRISTMAS IS
VERY QUIET IN
SAN FRANCISCO
People Spend the Day
at Home.
USUAL GAYETY IS MISSING
WAVE OF HAPPINESS FELT BY
ALL CLASSES.
E Lnd Plenty cf Za-
EiAmining Gifts
B: . m by Santa
Claus.
i
a on
■
■
■
Aside from those who attended the spe
cial services in the churches, the San
Franciscan* remaining in the city spent
the <'ay in quiet enjoyment at their homes.
Many left town :.o Ss>end the holidays
•with friends or relatives in the interior.
Svme drove to the Clint House or other
point* of interest within easy reach of the
city, but the number was small compared
with other Sundays.
There were no festivities of any kind to
mar the serenity of the day, no public
entertainments or functions to attrac*
young or old from their firesides.
But if San Francisco was quiet it was
also. happy. If there was any family or
individual who was not made to feel "that
Christmas is something more than ■
name, it is because of no fault of the
charitable organization?. Every effort
was made to reach those who were not
abie to celebrate Christmas on their own
a-.-eount. Tons of provisions and gifts
were distributed among the poor and
many a cheerless hovel was made brighter
and the flush of happiness brought to
wan faces through the angels of charity.
xhe Sa.iva.tion Army and kindred organi
zations did great work, and every case
cf known destitution was investigated
ar.d relief given in addition to the dis
tribution or Christmas gifts among the
children of the poor.
Of course Christmas was a day of great
rejoicing among the boys and girls of £an
Francisco. Santa Clans was up bright
and early, and the little shavers who have
been for weeks past laying plans to sur
prise the gray-bearded philanthropist in
the act of tilling their stockings with
presents, tumbled out of ced long before
daylight only to find that the jolly old
joker had already made his rounds and
left again for his mysterious abode in
a land beyond the reach and knowledge
of earthly beings. But if the youngsters
failed to get a coveted glimpse of their
benefactor the disappointment was but
momentary, for the sight of the bulging
stockings, which they had confidently
suspended from the mantel piece on
Christmas eve, told them plainer than
■words that the hoary will o' the wisp had
left them something far more substantial
than a neeting ■view of his person.
That San Francisco is happy should be
accepted as a fact in view of the rush of
business during the preceding week.
Local merchants s^ld enough toys and
provisions to supply a city twice this size.
and they are no more happy in counting
their profits than the recipients of the
presents were in the enjoyment of their
Christmas. And the holiday has another
day to run.
♦
CHRISTMAS ROYSTERERS.
2f en Who Celebrated Too Freely and I
Were Damaged in Consequence.
The doctors at the Receiving Hospital j
•were kept busy from early morning yes
terday till late at night attending to cases
of Christmas roysterers who had been j
celebrating too freely and had in conse
quence been more or less damaged.
Among the cases attended to of those
more seriously wound'd were the follow
ing: George Manning went into the Model
lodging house on Mission street while suf
fering from an overdose of whisky and
was so unruly that he was thrown down
e:airs and kicked into the street. He sus
taired a compound fracture of the right
arm. John Smith, 22 Howard street^ got
into an altercation in a saloon at Sixth
fen<i Bryant streets and was struck on the
I- -ad with a bottle, fracturing his skull.
He did not know who struck him. Pat
tick Holan, €2 Tehama street, stumbled
ever a chain at Third and Market streets.
ard f^ll. fracturing his left arm. He told
the hospital attaches that he was one of
Chris Buckley's -leading lights." John
"Wilson. 315 Natoma street, got mixed up
In a tight in a saloon on Fourth street,
and when he got out of it he had three
•wounds in his scalp. Thomas Jorden. who
has both legs cut I and makes a living
out of the sympathetically inclined, got on
a drunk with another man he did not
know and they quarreled at Third and
Howard streets. Jorden was beaten over
the head with a cane and three lacerated
wounds In hi 3 scalp were stitched and
ThWe" were a number -of other cases
treated, most of them bcine of men who
lad imbibed so much liquor that they
cou'd not keep their feet and fell, sus
taining lacerated wounds of the cheeks.
eyebrows or forehead. After their wounds
•tvere dressed they were taken to the City
P'ison and detained until they got sober.
During Saturday night and early yester
day morning S7 men and women were ar
rested by the police for being drunk and
** 'was- orly thos« who were unable to
properly take care of themselves that
were arrested. Judge Joachimsen \i3lted
the prison at 19 o'clock yesterday morning
and discharged the lot of them, as the
r'tv was too poor to provide them with a
Christmas dinner. Most of them were de
lighted to regain their liberty, but some of
the "old soaks" grumbled, as they ex
pected to get a good^ dinner.
THANKSGIVLNG IN EUEOPE.
Borne Americans in Italy Who
Missed Their Turkey.
"I can remember vividly my first
Thanksgiving spent abroad," said a
much-traveled woman recent! v. 'I was
in Florence, and up to the day before
Thanksgiving I had been completely
happy, whether -wandering in the Pitti
palace or driving in the casine, it mat
ters not. Suddenly our group of Amer
icans was called together by a friend.
who invited us ail to a Thanksgiving
dinner at his hotel. How our eyta
sparkled as visions of turkey, cran
berry sauce, mince and pumpkin pie
end the rest arose before us: Finally
the hour arrived. We were assembled,
our menus read, which were enlivened
by clever and appropriate selections
from Italian writers, and the soup
passed. Helasl It was plain, every
day bouillon. Instead of the oyster or
clam broth that the day called for.
This cleared, we already tasted the
turkey, when our host took the keen
edges of our disappointment off by re
lating his adventures while hunting: for
turkey where the bird was not. He
served us roast chicken, which was de
licious and tender, but not turkey.
Neither did we have cranberry sauce
nor baked squash, nor sweet potatoes,
r.or ' in fact, anything that a well regu
lated Thanksgiving table should groan
under. Instead, there were the usual
haricot vert, the boiled marrons, the
Brussels sprouts and chicory that make
up an Italian menu.
"For dessert we had an ice, followed
by cafe noir and a thumb glass of gen
uine Chartreo-e. A? we arose from
the table all realized the saying that
'absence makes the heart grow fonder.'
and while the flow of soul and good
companionship had cheered our hearts
we, for the first time, knew how much
th«» proper and time-honored viands
add to the Thanksgiving celebration.**
Jvew York Evening Post.
SPECIAL CHRISTMAS SERVICES HELD IN
THE CHURCHES.
San Franciscans Lift Their Voices in Song and
Prayer to Commemorate the Anniversary
of the Birth of the Savior.
IS every church in San Francisco
where the Christian religion is
preached special praise services
were held yesterday in commem
oration of the anniversary of the birth
ct the Savior. Congregations of every
denomination and creed vied with each
other in doing honor to the memory of
the child of Bethlehem, whose coming
signaled the beginning of a new era
in the history of the world.
Nearly every race under the sun
was represented in the throngs of
worshipers who gathered in the sanc
tuaries to raise their voices in holy
songs of praise and listen to the beau
tiful music composed and rendered in
tribute to the Supreme Being who gave
his only begotten son that the world
might be saved and to make men bet
ter. It is on this anniversary that the
believers in Christianity pour out their
whole souls to God; it seems as though
the memory o* the great sacrifice of
the Savior appears more vividly to
their minds and brings them in closer
touch to the future life at Christmas
than at any other occasion or event in
the course cf the year; it seems as
though he whose birth they meet to
commemorate is once more among
them in being, bringing an atmosphere
of love and affection with him. It
needs not the words of the preacher to
inspire them with the proper spirit;
the inspiration is in the very air they
breathe.
In all the churches the decorations
were elaborate, but simple, consisting
almost invariably of potted palms and
plants, Sowers and ferns, gracefully
arranged around chancel and altar.
The delicate perfume of nature's prod
ucts scented the air, while the priests
burned incense or ministers raised
their voices In praise or prayer. The
edifices in which the services were
held were crowded almost without ex
ception, and the programmes were un
usually complete and elaborate.
In most of the Cathoiic churches
high mass was sung at 5 o'clock a. m.
and low mass every hour from that
time until 11 o'clock. In the Episcopal,
Methodist. Presbyterian. Baptist, Con
gregational and other denominational
churches services were in most in
stances held both morning and even
ing. In only a few were there after
noon services. A few of the Sunday
schools gave Christmas entertainments
during the day or evening, but gen
erally this feature had either preceded
the dawn of the Savior's anniversary
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
LIBERTY CAP— M. L. B. f City. The
cap of liberty originated in a custom of
the Romans. When a slave was manu
mitted by the Romans, a small red cloth
cap was placed upon his head. As soon
as that was done he was termed liber
tinus (a freecman), and his name was
registered in the city tribes. When Satur
rJus in 263 possessed himself of the capl
tol. he hoisted a cap on the top of hi 3
sp*ar to Indicate that all the slaves who
joined his standard should be free. When
Marius incited the slaves to take up
arms against Sylla he used the same sym
bol, and when Caesar was murdered* the
conspirators marched forth in a body with
a cap elevated on a spear in token of
liberty. The eoddess of liberty in the
Aventine Mount was represented as hold
ing in her hand a cap, the symbol of
freedom. In France the Jacobins were a
red cap; in England a blue cap with a
white border Is the symbol of liberty.
POINTS IN CRIB— J. B. P., Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, CaL The law of se
quence in crib Is that if any three cards
are played in such a way that they can
be reckoned in sequence order, either from
above downward, or below upward, with
out the intervention of another olayed
card out of sequence order, the player Oj
t^e third card Is entitled to a run of
thr*e and so on until there Is a break in
the" sequence. If A plays 2. B a king,
A a three, B a three. A a four, B a five,
B would be entitled to a run of three, and
if A followed with a two he would be
entitled to a run of four. It is not neces
=arv that the cards forming a sequence
should be played in order. For instance,
the Play Is four, deuce, five, the next
rlayer comes in with a three and makes
a run of four, namely, two, three, four,
five.
THE VOLU2TTEERS— M. H.. Heald3
burg. Cal. What has teen said in the
War Department as to the replacing of
the volunteers at Manila by regulars ap
plies thus far only to the volunteer
reeiments and commands, but not to
those who enlisted In the regular service-
As yet nothing has been said by the au
thorities to affect the standing of those
who during the war volunteered to fill
the quota of regiments of regulars. Un
less some action is taken by the War De
partment looking toward the discharge
of such men it looks as if they would
have to serve out their full enlistment.
A CHIEF OF POLICE— Observer.
Petaluma, Cal. It is the duty of a Chief
of Police to* render to the prosecuting offi
cers of a city all the assistance he can
in the prosecution of individuals charged
with crime. In cases of more than usual
Importance the Chief always takes a per
sonal interest in the investigation, and he
is in a position to be able to give the
prosecuting officer advice as to evidence
and the proper time to psodtice the same.
In ordinary cases a Chief of Police doe*
not devote personal attention to them, but
allows his subordinates to take his place.
STUDYING LAW— R. M., Stockton.
Cal. If you have the leisure and the In
| jdy law you had better
call upon MM reputable lawyer of
•ell him what you intend to do and
■ ou as to what books you
ronraetl w.th. You should
read books on evidence, the codes 4
■racts. coi -. law and
the reading of one will suggest the- neces
si:v of otberm. Buch books can be ob
-,ugh any first class book
dealer.
TO ENLIST IN* THE NAVT-A Reader.
Berkeley, Cal. If you desire to enlist a3
a minor in the United States navy you
may present the written consent of your
ropcrly authenticated, or your
er may accompany you to give her
consent. At th:s time the Government is
iking in any apprentices, but you
can file y >ur application with the com
manding officer of the Independence at
Mare Island, and when there is a vacancy
you will be notified.
BITTING A HOMESTEAD— C. R-, San
Mateo. Cal. If a homestead settler does
not wish to remain five >ears on his
tract, the law permits him to pay for it
with cash or warrants or land scrip,
upon making proof of settlement and cul
tivation for a period of not less than four
teen months from the date of entry to the
date of payment. The proof or actual
settlement must be the affidavit of the
party, made in prescribed f'>nn.
NO PREMIUM— A. D. L.. City. There
is no premium offered for half dollar
pieces of ISSS. of 188) or silver half dime
of 1572. Silver half dollars of 155* are of
fered for 75 cents, those of ISSO for S5
cents and 5 cent pieces of 1572 Tor 30 cents.
MANILA-T. M. J., Berkeley, Cal. The
latitude of Manila is 14 degrees 35 min
utes north and 121 degrees 2 minutes and
4 seconds east longitude. Tha: Is accord
ing to observations taken at the cathe
dral in Manila.
HALF DOLLAR OF ISSi-Prudenc*.
Oakdale, Cal. A half dollar of 1564 does
not command a premium. You can buy
all you want of them for 75 cents apiece.
A SECOND FILING— C. R-. San Mateo,
Cal. If an individual goes to the Land
Office and after Inquiring about a c«r
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1898.
or had been set for some day in the
coming week.
The record of the day's doings In
the churches might be briefly said to
consist of a grand feast of music.
Specially, organized choruses lifted
their voices in a series of songs, the
sweet melody and religious fervor of
which thrilled and captivated the as
sembled multitudes. The touching,
almost pathetic, words of the hymns
seemed to have an added significance
and served to increase the* natural
solemnity of the occasion.
At St. Mary's Cathedral the services
began at 11 a. m. with the singing of
Hummel's mass In E flat, followed by
a musical programme of rare ex
cellence. The great building was
filled with worshipers who listened
with wrapt delight to the trained
voices of the special chorus as they
ascended in harmonious unison.
Three separate services were held
in St. Ignatius Church, beginning with
solemn high mass at 5 a. m., cele
brated by the Rev. J. P. Frieden, S. J.,
assisted by the Rev. J. Burkhard,
S. J.. and Father Butler. S. J. At
10:30 a. m. another solemn mass was
observed, at which the Rev. J. Burk
hard. S. J., was the celebrant, assisted
by the Rev. John Forhan. S. J.. and
James P. Morris B. J. The sermon
was preached by the Rev. D. J. Ma
honsy. S. J. The evening service con
sisted of solemn vespers and a bene
diction and a sermon, by the Rev.
Vincent Cblappa, S. J.
At St. Lominie's Church high mass
was celebrated at 5 a. m. and 11 a. m.
and services were also held in the
evening at 7:30 o'clock. The attendance
at all the services was large and the
music was beautifully rendered.
Solemn high mass was celebrated at
10:30 a. m. in St. Joseph' i Church, fol
lowed by a sermon. At the conclu
sion of the mass the ceremony of
blessing the sacrament was performed
with impressive solemnity. Mass was
also celebrated at 5 a. m. At both
services a musical programme was
rendered by a specially augmented
choir. Among the soloists was Miss
Bessie Hobart of Oakland, who re
cently gave a successful recital before
the Canning Club of San Francisco.
To Mrs. Wtlbourne, organist of St.
Joseph's, the pronounced success of
the muscial programme for the Christ
mas day services is largely due.
A splendid musical programme was
the- feature of the holy communion
services at St. Luke's, beginning at
11 a. m. St. Luke's vested choir, un
tain piece of land upon which there had
I ".d by the parties in
- - -
aX the one
who :. rst claim abandoned H
upon the land.
ENGLISH LAWYERS' EARNINGS
Personal Fees and Public Salaries
Upon a Delectable Scale.
Among the lotteries of the professions
there is none which has so many rich
prizes and so many absolute blanks as
the law. It is at once the richest and
the poorest of all learned callings, and
Is these extremes even the church has
to yield it first place.
Although there is only one barrister
in England to every four clergymen,
and probably only one working bar
rister to every ten men with "cures,"
therf are no fewer than 200 barristers
with an average pofessionai incjm-i uZ
£2500 a year, or an aggregate revenue
of £500,000.
Of English lawyers holding official
fixed salaries, 17-t draw an
aggregate income of over ~- . ■
These salaries range in amount from
; ear enjoyed by the Lord
Chancellor, to the £1500 a year of the
County Court Judge, Police Magis
:-r Master of the Supreme Court.
; ipal Judges, th* I
Chief Justice draws a salary of £s'»j
a year, the acceptance of -which in Lord
Russell's case involved a loss of nearly
doubie the amount every year. The
Master of the Roils and the four Lords
rdinary rank next, with
a year each: while no fewer than
x puisne Judges receive £5000
a year each, or the same salary as a
Cabinet Minister of the first rank.
Including with these the Attorney
General, whose official income last year
was £13.306, and the Solicitor General,
with £Sl6>, the thirty-five leading offi
cials "in the law " receive an aggregate
salary of over £200,000, or an average
Income cf £5727.
The fifty-six lawyers who have se
cured the haven of a County Court
Judgeship are passing rich on a com-
I income of £84.300.
The Stipendiary Magistrates are al
most equ •- - -i- The twenty-six
lawyers who administer justice in our
metropolitan police courts together are
able to subsist on £38,500 a year, of
which amount twenty-four receive
£1500 each, an- one £300 a year more.
Bu: the chief prizes in the law are
not to the Signified occupants of the
bench. There are in England at least
a dozen counsel whose income is nearly
double that of the Lord Chancellor him
self. Sir Edward Clarke would count it
a bad year which did not bring him
£20,900; and Sam Pope, Mr. Littler, Sir
"Bob" Reid and at least half a dozen
others could forfeit the Joint salary at
tached to the woolsack and yet save
money.
At least twenty other men at the bar
make an average income of £5000 a
year, and probably fifty others can rely
on making half this amount.
Rich as their rewards are, it Is only
one man out of twenty who is among
the "called." To the remaining nine
teen, many of them of equal ability,
such good "fortune will never come and
for them these fi cures can yield no de
lights. — London Mail.
PRAYING TTNDEB. COMPULSION.
A curious story is told in "M. P. A."
as to the wav in which the Sirdar dealt
with a case of clerical Intolerance dur
ing the Soudan campaign. The occasion
wa* the 6ver-to-be-remembered ceremony
which took p .ace at Khartoum, when the
triumphant British and Egyptian armies
solemnly and splendidly crowned their
campaign of vengeance by celebrating the
Imposing rites of "Gordon's funeral." By
common consent, the various chaplains
attached to Kitchener's forces— Anglican,
Mett-odist, Romanist and so forth— had
agreed, with one exception, to recite a
specially compiled prayer during the serv
ice at the tomb. The one exception was a
strangely obstinate cleric. Kitchener,
hearing that the reverend gentleman in
question had refused to Join in reciting
the prayer, promptly sent for- him, ana
asked if the rumor which had reached him
were true.
"Certainly!" was the cleric's uncom
promising reply.
"Very well, then," said Kitchener, tak
ing out his watch. "I give you Just five
minutes to consider whether you will Join
in reciting this prayer or not, and, if you
don't, I shali march you down to Cairo
under arrest."
Before the five minutes were up the
Rev. Mr. had decided that to obey
was better than sacrifice, when a man like
the Sirdar was concerned, and It is satis
factory to know that at Gordon's tomb,
at all events. th» representatives of nor
mally warring sects were absolutely unan
imous in their petitions to heaven.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bash «ad Lvkla ;:«. Swimming. Ranlta, hot
toi cold tub us/Ju. Saltwater direct front oceaa.
der the efficient leadership of W. A.
Sabin. organist and choirmaster, san~
beautifully, openinsr -with ■■'.• Come
All Ye Faithful," and rendering many
numbers, closing with the Inspiring
recessional hymn. "Shout the Glad
Tidings." The programme will be re
peated next Sunday.
The altar of Grace Episcopal Church
was almost hidden by the decorations
of palms and floral offerings. The
morning services began at S a. m. with
a celebration of the hoiy communion,
followed by matin's, with a second
communion celebration and sermon by
R. C. Foute. rector at 11 a. m. The
musical programme was pleasingly
rendered. The evening services,
which were very largely attended,
consisted principally of vocal and in
strumental music, opening with the
chanting of the psalter and closing
with Handel's "Hallelujah Chorus."
Morning services at the First Con
gregational Church began at 11 a. m.
Mendelssohn's transcenaently beauti
ful "Hark. Hear the Angels Sing."
preceded the invocation, which was
followed by responsive reading. Then
the congregation joined in singing the
doxology. "Praise God, From \\ horn
All Blessings Flow." A carefully pre
pared and splendidly rendered musi
cal programme followed. In the even
ing another elaborate musical pro
gramme was given.
At the Grace M. E. Church, morning
and evening services were held. The
interior of the church was tastefully
adorned with potted plants, palms.
ferns and flowers. In the morning the
choir, under the direction of Robert
Husband, chorister, sang a number or
beautiful hymns. In the evening a full
choral service was held.
At the Simpson Memorial Church a
class meeting was held at 10 a. m., led
by I. B. Robinson, followed by a'musi
cal programme.
At Calvary Presbyterian Church
Christmas services of the usual char
acter were rendered, the musical feat
ure, as a matter of course, being the
prominent one.
At the Westminster Presbyterian
Church, in addition to Christmas
music, an address was delivered in the
evening by George C. Needham.
Musical selections and responsive
reading together with sermons by the
pastor. Rev. J. George Gibson, was the
programme at the morning and even
ing service in the Emmanuel Baptist
Church.
At the First Unitarian ChurcK
music was the feature of the ■ --
vices and an excellent programme
was rendered.
NAUTICAL LIXGO AT HOME.
How the Talk of the Sea Finds
Place in a Naval Officer's House.
In the delightful home of a well
er of the United States navy,
■ - here, the daily household
and table talk has been reduced to the
purest and ir.vst unvarnished man-'o
warese. The naval officer is a deep
water and heavy- weather man of so
many years' standing that his talk Is
naturally salty, and ail of the members
--.vife, grown daughters
and lads — have unconsciously picked
up the dialect from him.
"Huw I do dread the task of 'break
ing out' my fall and winter clothes
a^ain!" said one of the young women
of the family to a young woman caller
the other day, and it took her quite five
minutes to explain that in the navy
"breaking out" means unpacking, re
:.g, overhauling gear from a store
room.
When one of the naval officer's young
sons wants the boy from the next house
to make his appearance out in front
for playing- purposes, he gives a shrill
whistle, like unto ti. -• :
pipe, and then, in a vuice pitched in as
a key as his treble ii capable of
handling he sir.ers . ha-a-ands
to quarters!" The I ; has been
often reprimanded, when there is com
pany in the house for evening tea, fcr
walking through the hall, when the
meal is about to be served, and singing
cut, '"All hand 3 lay aft for grog."
"When, as occasionally happens, the
naval officer and his wife are engaged
in havin" a trifling tiff downstairs over
some minor matter or other, one of the
young won en of the house has been
known to walk mischievously through
the upper hail, singine- out, "All hands
bury the dead!"
"Stand by!" is the ordinary phrase in
the naval officer's home when the ut
terer of that ship command wants to
gain attention for some remark. When
one of the young women of the hour
Is ready to start downtown on a shop
ping expedition and wants to know if
there are any commissions that she can
execute for her mother or sisters, she
takes up her station In the front hall
and sings out:
"All o" youse men that's got mail for
the United States wants to know that
the mail orderly is about to go over the
side with the mail!" When the mother
and daughters are about starting out
for an afternoon drive, the boy afore
said generally pipes them away by
singing out, bos'n'smatewise: "A : l
hands abandon ship!" When a coupie
of his sisters get at momentary logger
heads over some little matter or other
the same boy yells: "Collision ouar
ters!" and bolts for It. There ar- no
such words as "front" and "back" in
this house. It is "for'ard" and "aft."
"Willie, run up for'ard and see If i left
my gloves there," one of the young 2r
women will say to her little brother.
"I saw 'em aft on the miszenrail awhile
ago," the boy will reply, meaning that
he saw them on one of the windowsills
in the back parlor. When one of th*
young women wishes to hold up h?r
father for a bit of shopping money, she
puts the proposition to him something
like this: "Papa, suppose you play pay
master, and we lay aft to the pay ofHoe
and you serve out monthly money. I
need some small stotres."
When the younger son of the hiiiF*
has been derelict and his mother vfidm
to threaten him with an interview with
hi 3 father, she says: "Willie, I've a
great mind to take you up to the rr
When the boy Is kept In the house fcr
misconduct, he tells the boy next doe*
from the window of his room that he>
"doing a trick in the brig." When his
father wants his carriage order? i for
a ride somewhere on business, the lad
whistles the proper ship's call and gjtvtm
the coachman the word, "Crew of *hs
captain's gig lay aft." When the boy
himself is bound for morning school, he
signalizes his departure by the sh<p'»
word, "Up anchor."
There is no such a thing as a "floor"
in this naval officer's house. All cf the
floors are "decks." The basement If the
berth deck, the main floor Is the spa^
deck, and so on. Nothing is washed. It
is "swabbed." A cuspidor is a "spit
kit" The water cooler is the "scuttle
butt." And so on. A retired old man
o'-war's-man who would take a job as
servant In this naval officer's establish
ment would never become lonesom*.^
Washington Post.
Unlike the Que^n of Spain, the Queen
of England has legs, and a Balbriggan
man named Manean. who for sixty
years has made stockings for Queen
Victoria and her family, has received
a photograph of the Queen -with her
signature in recognition of his ser
vlces-
LITTLE TOTS
PLAY THE
FIRST BORN
Present a Notable
Performance.
A PICTURE IN CHINESE LIFE
GIVEN IN A MANNER CREDIT
ABLE TO PROFESSIONALS.
People in the Audience Aroused to
Such a Pitch That They Shout
Bravos to the Young
Actors.
The Alcazar Theater was given over to
the children yesterday and their perform
ance was for the benefit of other children
of the stage. "The First Born," Powers'
remarkable study of life in the Chinese
quarter, was the principal attraction, but
there were sonjrs and dances by little lads
and lassies that drew unstinted applause
from the audience that filled the theater.
"The First Born" was produced under
the direction of George Osbourne and
would have been a credit to the men and
women who formed the company that
originally produced it here. Miss Daisy
Grogun took the part of Looey Tslng. a
slave girl, in which May Buckley made
her hit. Miss Grogan's handling of the
character did not suffer by comparison,
which is as high "raise as any ambitious
girl could desire. Charles M. Thai! was
the picturesque Hop Kee, a pipe bowl
mender, having the same make-up as
Be-nrimo. the originator of the character.
George M. Clayton took the dual role of
a Chinese rag picker, and Way Get. a
guide, and- sustained both characters ad
mirably.
Chan Toy, "the first born," about whom
the action" of the play revolves, was im
personated by little Venle in a manner that
captivated the audience. When the curtain
went up on the last scene those in attend
ance were simply carried away with en
thusiasm, and not satisSed with ordinary
applause, they shouted their "bravos" at
the tiny play "actors and actresses behind
the footlights.
The exercises were opened by an ad
dress by Congressman Julius Kahn. who
told of the object for which the perform
ance was given. He was followed by chil
dren in clever specialties. The complete
programme follows:
Address, Hon. Julius Kaha; little Hazel Pur
dy, song-, skirt and flag dan- N:r. i Cook,
little actress, vocalist and danseuse; Augustas
Tare, eccentric comic songster; Maud Sorb
son. Polish dance; Master Arnold Grazer, vo
calist and master de danse; little Venle Wells.
original tough girT: Peter Ennght. comedian;
Irene Wilson, dancing-; Miss Dody Scholz
(nearly 6); Master James Home, boy barytone.
In selections; Rlbble Butler, assisted by Harry
Mangles, songs and dances: Master Jack Rob
ertson and little Clara. Fei. select specialties;
Raymond Walsh, silver voice tenor; Romeo.
Pearl Landers: Juliet. Gladys A. Dexter— The
balcony scene. "Romeo and Juliet."
Juvenile "First Bern" Company— Cast of
characters: Looey Tsing. a slave girl. Miss
Daisy Grogan: Chan L*<». wtfe of Chan Wang.
Miss Nellie Wincheli; Cno Pow, a nurse. Miss
Alice Condon; Chan Wang-. Hop Kee, a pipe
bowl mender: 'hum Woe, Kwa Kee. a soup
peddler (Hlzhblnders of the See Tup Tong),
Master Milton Both. Master Charles M. Thall.
Master Harry Smith. Master H. Kennedy
Sledge: Dr. Pow Len, a physician. Master Al
bert Well; Man Low Yek. a merchant of the
Sam Tup Tone, Master Elmer Johnson; Sum
Chow, an employee cf Man Low Tek; Duck
Low, in spite cf the Geary law. Master Gus
Tate: Chinese rag-picker. Way Get, a raids.
Master Gee M. Clayton; Chinese fortune
teller. Master Joe Langhlln; Chan Toy, 'The
First Born," Little Venie: Kirn Poo. Little
Mamie: tourists. Master Joe Laugnlin, Misses
Alice Condon. Xelite WlnchelL
Act I.— A street la Chinatown. Act ll.— An
alley ■ Chinatown.
WONDERFUL NERVE OF
A KLONDIKE VICTIM
Surveyor Cadenhead While Freezing
to Death Gives Thought to
Official Duty.
SEATTLE, Dec 25.— The steamer
Farralon arrived to-day from Alaska
with a number of passengers from
Dawson direct, who came out over the
ice. The trail is good and a large num
ber of people are on the way out.
Among the passengers is Jack Carr,
Yukon mailcarrier, who left Dawson
November 21. He says the population
of Dawson City has materially de
creased, it now being estimated at 16,
000. Cost of living has also decreased,
good meals costing but a dollar. There
will be no food shortage this winter.
There is little hope of the mail Bervice
being kept up between Dawson and the
outside world this winter.
The body of J. H. Cadenhead. a
Dominion land surveyor, was found
frozen in the ice on the Klondike River
near Dawson, October 27. He had left
Sulphur Creek the day previous and in
the night had broken through the ice.
Unable to pull himself out. he slowly
froze to death, with his hands spread
out on the ice. Before losing con
sciousness he took his field notes and
papers from his pockets and threw
them from him, so that they might be
picked up and saved.
E. W, Sandison of Los Angeles, one
of the Dawson men who returned on
the Farallon, narrowly escaped being
beaten to death by Otto P. Frank,
whom he befriended while on his way
up the river. He came across the man
a short distance this side of Dawson,
and as he was poor offered to assist him
out to the coast. The man apparently
gratefully accepted, and the two there
after traveled together.
When near the mouth of the Hoota
linqua river, Sandison's mate is said
to have suddenly raised an ax and at
tempted to brain him. But Sandison
was too quick. Seizing the man by the
lees he hurled him to the ground be
fore he could injure him. Seeing the
impracticability of attempting to do
anything with his assailant, Sandison
feigned forgiveness and the two trav
eled out together. But as soon as the
police post at Lake Tagish was reached
the man was turned over to the offi
cers.
'•BAD MAN" ON A BAMPAGE.
Shoots and Kills Two Men and
Wounds a Third.
VALSENBURG, Colo.. Dec. «.— H.
R. Trow, a local "bad man," shot and
killed two men and slightly wounded
another in a saloon at Carr. a small
mi/nng camp ten miles east of h-?re.
this evening. The saloon was filled
with a crowd of men wh:> vere cele
brating Christmas eve by carousing nn<i
dnnkfhg. Trow Imbibed a large amount
of whisky and then, drawing a revolver,
began to fire. Terebio Tolmacne, a
Mexican, was shot through the h^art
and death was instantaneous. A Slav,
whose name Is unknown, received a
bullet in the head and died In a few
minutes. Another Mexican. Deofllio
Martinez, had a furrow ploughed in his
scalp by a leaden pallet, but his con
dition Is not serious. Trow surrendered
and was locked up.
Slaves in Ancient Greeoe.
The ordinary prire for a slave was from
$?> to J36. Abundant supply kept the
pric« low. Society was built on slavery.
Slaves, or. as in Sparta and Crete, serfs
attached to the soil, were the farm labor
ers; In manufactories they took the place
of modern machinery; they were a form
of investment, being often rented out in
gangs, as for work in the mines. Larg-e
numbers were used, too, for domestic
service, seven being- an average number \
for an ordinary house. Corinth is said
to have had 460,0(0 slaves. Aegina 470,000.
and a census of the year 309 B. C. showed j
400,000 in Attica. These figures have some
times been doubted, but other known j
facts go to confirm them. Most of the i
slaves apparently came from outside
Greece, as from Lydia, Syria, Blthynia.
j Thrace and IHyria. but there were also
among them Italians, Egyptians and
Jews.
The supply from outside was main
tained by the slave traders, who obtained
them either in barter or by robbery along j
I the coasts of the Apean and the Euxine.
; The slave market was a feature of every
city agora, and especially of the temple
fairs. Captives in war were, like the rest
jof the booty, treated as merchandise.
They were disposed of chiefly by the pro
fessional traders and sold mostly abroad.
i Thus men of culture and education often
i appeared in the condition of slaves. Em- j
ployed as teachers, readers, secretaries,
musicians, they often served the -Mirpose !
of spreading lite knowledge of art, man
ners and life among other peoples, and
' aided in mixing the soils and forwarding
the interests of cosmopolitanism.—Cen
tur>".
Boston has a municipal telephone ex- ,
change.
ADVEETISEHZI'JTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33
We extend to oar clientele and the public
the "Compliment* of the Season"
A HAPPY NEW YEAR
&:E»3E2ca:-^Xji
Tuesday—Wednesday
r«Un^,rc 1 Beaatiful po«tical I
Calendars / Ca i en d4-s- the «nd
Isj. Each ( usual! j- sold fog Met*.
) each.
Bon Bens— 2s% discount from reguUr prices
SARDINES ) "Pre Tot." finest
D .i... f French onele*t sar-
, i t? r din*s. Regularly 2Jc
X tins 20 V and 30c. *
J4 ■ )
Carving Sets from ii.zs to ts.oo per set
roAVRPDDiP\ # Genuine Cape God —
WKA.^otKKItS I the j^sj Regularly
1 0c. Quart C 15c. a quart
RiDe Olives ) California black ripe
2. /- . .s. s Olives. Regularly
75C. Oal. | LOO a gallon.
A Fine Line of Chafing Dishes
nniivc; 1 Jo*J received a choice
Sc Ib. i prunes, good ai^e, fins
) flavor.
Imported Champagnes. qts.. case Xf •».«,- pu^
case, Sii.i}
Sa?ar Wafer" filled
QAUFRETTES ) with choice fm : s
25c. Tin. t kiQd9 regular./ ijc
> tin.
3 on Bens i<X Reduction from Regular Prices
Heats any ordinary
room la 10 minutes ; SisWMWifg^SSf*
can be attached to a **^^f?JCTr' jj y !^ y '
Finest French and Dutch Cordials
M M t)r i DIIM ) Very fine old Jamaica
JAiIAICA KL-.n ' ram ; go od for punches
Bottle 1.25 ( Regularly Vfa
Dusseldorfer Punches; Swedish Punches
nvc vvHiik'cv'i "Gibson" made in
RYE rIIsKEY 1 1389 . 3uperior old
Bottle $ 1 .25 > Pennsylvania Eye.
Gallon $5 00 ) JJB?^ Jis ° "*
Bon Bans— 2s% discount from regular prices.
CDCVrH \VI\P<; \ Barton A Gaestier'3 j
FRENCH VM>fcS> I famous win es-clareU
5% Discount Vad "?"**"?*'' Us: :
»7 case only i prices, - cs * 5 " d . i3COailt
by case only if a case IoU onlj>
Placer County Oranges 40c. dozen
fMftflW* Fresh importa: on of Calle de Oro j
Uluiina. In ail sizes. Full line of leading ,
Havana and Key West Cigar*.
Beware of Imitations
}]ikesteFshiret/)
jom nxcM's so««, k&vm, mw resit
MFRWITA Kwt:m vitality
rVJtri VMM LOST VIGOR.
JSBi m AND MANHOOD
Cera Idpotency Night Etnjsstccs acd wasfmt
■Hh9 a r- xej3a - ill tilers cf sell-abuse. or acm teA !
%V "^T I imiimettOQ. A nerve^tsnic ted kkcd-fccSder. !
, tR *4*ty EHajs th pick slew to pale checks md tt*
*KW vents the Ere of youin. By mail 500 per ,
IWw^Sl^ ten 6 texts fir 2 . 50 ; with a vrr.-rz
w^^jM^ jvjnctte to cure or refund the money.
Btrvitt BMkal C:. . Qia::a * ]ack«i m., Ciiaat
W Ai.r.t.-R BROS.. 13 Grant aye.. Saa FraacUco.
AMTJSEMENTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO ! |
EVERT AFTERNOON AXD EVENTSO.
GREAT BILLi IK THE FREE THEATER.
FORMAN AND HOWLETT, America's •
Greatest Banjoists; FKEADA. Wliiriwind :
Dancer; TRA.VELLE. Shadowgrapher and It- ;
luaionist. and ENDLESS NOVELTIES.
Christmas Tree Am™o s!
. PRESENTS FOR
ALL. THE BOYS AXD GIRLS.
SEE "JOE STORMS JR.." "SALLY" and !
"CONGO." WONDERS OF DARKEST AF-
RICA.
S We. Including Zoo and Theater; Children. Be. ]
| SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS 10 cent* i
CHRISTMAS DAY PROGRAMME
AT THE— —
INGLBSIDE TRACK,
MONDAY, DEC. 26.
SELLING Two-year-olds: fire fur-
longs; cine entries.
HURDLE HANDICAP— mile and a quar-
, ter: twelve entries. - - ■
GENTLEMAN'S RACE FOR CHALLENGE
CUP— One mile: six entries.'
THE CHRISTMAS HANDICAP— Two lanes :
e-.ght entries. - - •.- - .■ - ■ ■ . - •
HANDICAP— Oc* and a sixteenth mile«: five
entries. I ■ "-., .....■■'., :.
HANDICAP— Six furiensa; eight entries.
AMUSEMENTS.
QHfornla L:«rr
SPECIAL I TO-NIGHT, TUES-
HOLIDAY DAT AND WEDNE3-
MATINEE DAT>
TO-DAY' ' rbe Toua«; Americas
IU-LIAY. Tragedienne,
NANCE O'NEIL,
In Her Great Rendition of
MACDA
Tharsdar. Friday and Saturday Evening*.
"GU"V MANNERING."
First Appearance of Hiss O'Nei! as Me?
Merriles.
Star Matinee -INGOM\R."
Sunday Evening -OLIVER TWIST."
COLUMBIA THEATER
Beg. MATINEE TO-DAY,
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THE WEEK.
W. H. WEST'S SUPERB, BIG
Minstrel Jubilee.
The most r-flned, artistic minstrel organiza-
tion in the world.
W. H. WEST. CARROL JOHNSON. R J.
JOSE. TOM LEWIS. CLEMENT STEWART.
CHARLES KENT. TROVOLLO. CHARLES
ERXEST, H. W. FRIIkLMAN. FREEZE
BROS.. AND 53-OTHERS— SO.
Next Monday— WlLLlE COLLIER, in "THE
MAN FROM MEXICO."
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAY— MOND AT.
Parquet, any seat, Xc; Balcony. 10c; Chil- -
dren. 10c, any part.
MO.NS. AND~MME. ROFIX,
World's Greatest Chin Balancer.
PtLAR MOB ROSE ETTINGE AND
CLEMENT BAINBRIDGE,
In the Rearing Farce. "THAT OVERCOAT."
GEORGE FULLER GOLDEN, "Cm i
Friend," with New Stories.
RILET AND HUGHES, Blackface Artists.
JULIUS P. WITiIARK. Vocalist.
RAPPO SISTERS, Russian Dancers.
HORACE GOLDIN. Illusionist.
THE THREE LUKINS. Acrobats.
MERKELL SISTERS, Equilibrist*.
COMEDY J-HEATER.
MERRY XMAS TO ALL
Ope-:.-.? with GRAND CHRISTMAS MATI-
NEE To-day, To-ni?ht and ALL THIS WEEK.
The Beautiful Comedy Drama.
A ROMANCE OF
COON HOLLOW/!
r\pr\ The Magnificent Scenic recta.
V L L The Great Steamboat Race.
i 1 1 1 1 / The Cotton Press in Operation.
\JJJU xba Whirl wing- Buck Dancers.
The Same Splendid Production and Excellent
Cast as given at the -nth-street
Theater. New York.
NOTE^ — This is not a colored organization,
but an "Idyll of the Tennessee Hills."
MATINEES SATURDAY ANI> SUNDAY. ,
Prices l"c. 23c. 33c. sOc
' Matinees l-">o and 250
SEATS NOW SELLING.
MONDAY MATINEE JANUARY 2.
OTT BROTHERS in "ALL ABOARD."
MOROSCO'S GRAND,' !
yi jlltxz IIOBC3CO, Sole Lessee and Jlan&aei
Week of Dec. 26. IS3S.
MATINEE TO-DAY at ! p. M.
Farewell Performances of
THE MOROSCO STOCK COMPANY
IKT
The White Squadron
Next Week— Engagement Extraordinary—
HI HENRY MINSTRELS
At the Regular Prices.
10c, 25c and 50c
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
AT (~* \ *7 A T^ BXIT3BTPHOSI
ALCAZAR Main 254.
XMAS MATINEE TO-DAY.
EVEF.r NIGHT THIS WEEK.
HOYT'S
MIDNIGHT
BELLI—
L. R. Stockwell as the Deacon.
jjg; PRICES f^
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor and Mgr.
"A MERRY XMAS TO ALL."
THIS EVENING THE HOME TRIUMPH ■
OUR SUCCESSFUL HOLIDAY SPECTACLE
THE YELLOW DWARF.
Splendid Cast! Grand Ballets! Catchy Maatc!
Entrancing Specialties:
A Delight for Young and Old! — ~ '■
MATINEE EVERY SATURDAY AT I P. M.
SPECIAL MATINEE NEW YEAR'S DAY,
Monday, January Id. 1539.
POPULAR PRICES 23c and 60«
N. B —A reserved seat for the Matinee 25c.
Our Telephone, Bush .-. Secare yoar seats la
advance. *
F». C. J. C
(TNGLESIDE.) ;
HANDSOMEST RACETRACK IN AMERICA.
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
DECEMBER 12th TO~DECEMBER 26th.
MONDAY— THE CHRISTMAS HANDICAP.
Two Miles. » Entries.
Trains leave Third-street station at 12:45 and
1:15 p. m. ■
Round-trip tickets. 25 cents.
i Electric cars on Mission and Keamy streets
every three minutes.
ADMISSION— DOLLAR.
S. N. ANDROUS. President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary.
CONCERTS AND B£»CBT».
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
TUESDAY and THURSDAY EVENINGS,
January 3 and 5. and SATURDAY MATINEE,
January 7. at 1:30.
SPECIAL!
THE WORLD'S MOST EMINENT PIANIST,
ROSENTHAL!
Win ■ Appear la Three Grand Performance!
nnder the direction of HENRY WOLFSOHN.
Prices, 11. SZ and $2. Sale of seats for th»
three performances will begin to-morrow
(TUESDAY). December 27. at 9 a. m. t at Sher-
man. Clay & Co.' music store. 3TEINWAY
PIANO USED. •-
Baseball! _|sSS^™^
PACIFIC COAST CHAMPIONSHIP.
TO-DAY AT IPM.; .
SEATTLE VS. ATHLETIKS.
ADMISSION Sets. .
THE WEEKLY CALL,
$1 pep Year,8
ALAMEDA CAN
HARDLY AFFORD
TO BE MERRY
"Good Will Toward Men" Has
Apparently Cheapened
Human Life.
Oakland Ofllcp San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Dec. 25.
''Goodwill toward men" and murder do
not appear to have much in common, but
this particular goodwill season in Ala
meda County is so closely allied to a per
iod of murder that the two cannot pos
gibly be separated. Nor can It be denied
that, to some degree— l do not pretend
to say just how much— the "goodwill" is
responsible for the prevalence of murder.
Last Christmas eve in an Oakland court
a- young- murderess was before a jury.
She had shot a young fellow who, with
many others, had been foolish enough to
cultivate her acquaintance. It was
learned that the girl had one of the most
depraved characters, that she had pre
vious to the murder threatened to shoot
this particular lover, and that she bor
rowed the pistol to do the act from a
Chinese whom she counted among those
•who paid her favor. There was really no
defense possible, and none to speak of
was put forward. But there was a jury
In the i-nsp— a modern jury, being paid $2
per diem for Ber vices. It was Christmas
eve, and the murderer's lawyer preached
an eloquent sermon to the emotional jury
Eworn to try toe case according to the
Irw and the farts. Never were more elo
quent referenced ma<if> to "'peace and
good will" from any pulpit. "It would be
n irlme to punish a young woman on
Christmas eve"— and she was discharged,
■while Justice blushed. Nothing was said
about the "peace on earth" In that other
home where a widowed mother wept o'er
the memory of her son. And they said
the girl was insane when she killed a de
cent lad with her Chint-se lover's gun. It
Js worthy of note that since Miss Clara
Fallmer was released largely on account
of emotional insanity, her emotions have
not, for a whole year, caused her to do
anything that sain- people would not do,
•which in Itself is somewhat of a criticism
upon that Christmas eve jury.
And this Christmas morn, how many
homes are there in Alameda County that
have been decreased by murder since
Charlie Ladue's slayer was declared a
heroine instead of being sent to the peni
tentiary?
There are now six murderers In the
County Jail and seven more have been
dealt with during the year, and out of all
these not one paid the penalty for mur
der, nor is there any likelihood that those
•who have yet to be tried will fare any dif
ferently from those who have gone
through the formality of a trial. Because
of other excitement the murder record of
Alameda County for the past year has
rot been fully realized, but with the close
of the year the number of people occupy
ing murderers' cells in the jails causes
the record to stand out with surprising
blackness and silently demand the reason
of its existence.
In walking through the County Jail yes
terday I looked into the cell from which,
lust a year ago, Clara Fallmer was re
leased. It has two occupants now. One
Is the youthful Mrs. Menull, who shot her
husband a month ago, the other is Mrs.
Brandes, who is accused of being respon
sible for the death of Lillian Brandes.
Neither apparently fears anything at the
hands of the law. In another cell is Joa
quln Eslaha, who went into an aged ta
xnale dealer's parlor, nearly n year ago,
and foully beat him to death with a piece
of gaspipe. He has been tried and con
victed, but has appealed, and is patiently
■waiting until the Supreme Court can
reach his case.
Pursuing my walk through the corridor,
I found X. A. Brandes conversing with
Frank Cheeseman. Brandes' story of bru
tality has just been told in the Justice's
Court. Cheeseman is the man who shot
the father of ms sweetheart and who has
Bald that he goes insane for the purpose
of doing murder and renews his reason
after his acquittal by a jury. And finally
I found old man Jones, who was convicted
of murder ten years ago, and is now wait
ing a new trial or death on a sick bed.
A glance through the jail docket for 189S
fhows that the murderers already named
are less than half of those that have been
dealt with during the year. One evening
at the race track a youth named Bryan,
filled with opium and alcohol, fired a hul
]pt into the heart of Deputy Constable
Cronin. This Cnristmas there is a vacant
chair in the Cronin home, and Bryan,
■whose attorney wept before the jury. Is
serving a trivial sentence at San Quentln.
The jury was pathetically informed that
the boy murderer hart a mother and was
young. Cronin also had a mother and
■was young, but that out no figure.
J. H. Moffett became angry with his
■wife one morning at their home on San
Pablo avenue. He killed her instantly
with a pistol, but on account of his age
he escaped the death penalty and is now
In San Quentin. Even a military camp
could not be located here a few months
without adding to the county's list of
murders. Private Meadors quarreled with
Private. Dry of San Leandro. After an
Interval Meadors returned and knifed his
enemy to death. Alameda County was put
to the expense of a trial and a jury re
leased Meadors. A military court, in this
instance, administered a scathing rebuke
to justice in this county, for it tried
Meadors on its own account and sent him
to a State prison for ten years. A com
parative analysis of the manner in which
these two verdicts were reached would be
interesting.
Last summer Mrs. Abbie Gregory, the
Alameda spiritualist, decoyed her ad
adnilrer, Williams, to her home and killed
him, as she explained, to save the lives
of her boy and of her divorced husband,
who was also a frequent caller. Just why
Williams should be shot was never made
apparent, but Mrs. Gregory was declared
Innocent.
Not many months ago Ferdinand Uhl,
an intermittent lunatic, went on a gun
ning tour and shot Patrick Murphy mere
ly to gratify his mania. I'hl is in an asy
lum, and should he recover he may, like
Cheeseman, do pome mure murder.
One night quiet Berkeley was electrified
to learn that a murder had been commit
ted in its midst. Stacey Rodgers, a young
man with a varied reputation, called on a
young grass widow. Another caller was
there, and on coming to the door h* was
promptly shot and instantly killed by
Rodgers. The jury was pathetically told
that Rods- ■!-;■> waa a lad far away from
home, and that his life should not be cut
off without another chance, and Rodgers
18 now nerving a paltry sentence in prison
Th»' fact that his victim. Hayne, had his
life cruelly terminated while young at the
pleasure of Rodgers cut no 'figure
The killing by Chung Kee of his partner
ami the shooting of Hollenbeck by Quong
Mow must not be criticized. While
Christians hold life so cheaply we cannot
censure heathens for considering it of lit
tle value.
Mr. and Mrs. Brandes. Mrs. Mentel
Frank C hcesoman. Joaquin Eslaba and
Jones ate their Christmas dinner to-day
while well-meaning mission folk In the
corridor sang of "peace on earth" and
♦ £ 00 .?<T lH Unva . r(l m<n -" T had not heard
the divlqe words since they led the lurv
to dipcharge Ladae'S slayer a year hko
and I could not refrain from wondering
how much the incident of that Christmas
eve is responsible for the decrease in the
value of a human life, shown in this
.county by the black record of IS9B
This record is in itself an arraignment
of the present jury pyHtem as carried out
in Alameda. County. Nor am I alone in
Baying this. A few months ago four jury
men returned a verdict in a case of felony
that was so much at variance with what
the evidence demanded and bo displeasing
to the court that Judge Greene— the patri
arch of Alameda's bench— peremptorily
Btruck the names of all four from the
venire, "it appearing to the court that
good and sufficient reasons exist there
for." A little later, when one of these
names" was again called as a talesman,
the court excused him of its own motion.
This fact, it seems to me. Is one of the
most important Incidents that transpired
on the bench during the whole of the
year. It Btruck at the very root of the
evil that all are now decrying; it proved
the absence of the integrity of the Jury
system and doubtless accounts for the
fact that during the year a dozen homes
have been rent asunder by murdi-rers
and not a single slayer has adorned the
gallows. It is true Ben hill was hanged
this year, but his execution was not of
1898, but the relic of a foul wife-murder
in 1896.
I shall spare the taxpayers the annoy
ance of saying how many thousands of
dollars these usless trials have cost them,
the figures can all be found in the County
Clerk's annual report. If these facts are
conducive to a merry Christmas, may all
be merry. STUART W. BOOTH.
CHRISTMAS SERVICES.
The Sacred Day Observed Most
Generally in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Dec. 25.— Christmas day
was more generally observed at the
churches 'this year than for many years
past, because the festival fell on the Bab
bath. In most of the churches special
programmes of appropriate music were
part of the services. At all the churches
the decorations were most elaborate.
Dr. McDonald spoke on "The Glory of
the Incarnate Word" at the First Pres
byterian Church this morning, and to
night the pastor, Rev. Dr. Coyle, dis
coursed on "Good Tidings for All Peo
ple."
The oratorio of the Messiah was given
to-night at the First Congregational
Church. This morning Rev. Charles R.
Brown preached an Interesting Christmas
sermon.
At the First M. E. Church to-night a
choral and orchestral Christmas praise
service was the main feature, with an ap
propriate address by Dr. E. R. Dille.
"Jesus, the Wonderful," and "The Joy
ous Message" were topics of Rev. C. H.
Hobart's sermons at the First Baptist
Church this morning and tornlght.
Rev. C. M. Hill's sermon this evening
at the Tenth avenue Baptist Church was
on "The Bethlehem Story," illustrated
with thirty stereopticon views.
At the First Free Baptist Church Rev.
Philip Graif preached on "The Secret of
Christmas," and to-night on "The Real
Christmas Glory."
Rev. John Gasmann delivered the ser
mon and Rev. David McClure celebrated
the holy communion at the Church of the
Advent this morning. To-night C. B.
Foot, the Sunday school superintendent,
related a Christmas story and presented
catechisms. Bibles and prayer books to
the young people.
Rev. E. M. Hill, at the Twenty-fourth
avenue M. E. Church, preached a Christ
mas sermon to the children this morning,
and in the evening his sermon was on
"The Deliverance Has Come."
"The Young Child's Life" was the sub
ject of Rev. R. Ritchie's sermon at St.
Paul's Church this morning.
The Volunteers of America were ad
dressed to-night by Captain McClelland
on "The Manger, Cradle, or the Humility
of Jesus" at their gospel tent.
Christmas day services were also held
at St. John's Episcopal Church, Floyd J.
Mynard rector.
At the Catholic churches the regular
masses were held.
Christmas was also observed in the
Congregational, Methodist, Presbyterian
and Trinity churches at Haywards.
Grimwood Still at Large.
OAKLAND, D<ic. 25.— T. R. Grimwood,
the motorman who became suddenly in
sane yesterday, is still roaming about
town armed with two huge revolvers. He
was seen during the forenoon at Padri
ni's store, on Telegraph avenue, between
Forty-eighth street and Columbus ave
nue, but soon disappeared, and although
Officers Tuman and McKinley have been
searching for him all day they have been
unable to locate him.
In the meantime the people residing in
the vicinity of Forty-eighth street and
Shattuck avenue, where Grimwood board
ed, are in a state of terror. They fear he
may return and kill some one,
Grimwood's insanity is said to have been
caused by too close application to the
study of spiritualism.
A Notable Weduing.
ALAMEDA. Dec. 25.— Miss Lenora Cas
tro and George Burgess were married this
evening at the home of the bride's par- i
ents, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Castro, 1223 Pa- I
ciflc avenue. Rev. Father O'Connell of
St. Joseph's Catholic Church officiated.
The wedding was a notable affair from the
fact that it marked the reunion of one of
the oldest and most prominent Spanish
families Identified with the early history
of California. The bride's grandfather
was Governor of the State from 1836 tc
IS3B, and was later commander-in-chief of
the Mexican forces in the war of 1546.
Members of the family from all sections
of the State were in attendance. Nearly
200 guests partook of the feast that fol
lowed.
Struck a Barrel.
OAKLAND. Dec. 25.— Patrick Donovan,
a laborer residing near the Hermitage,
while very much under the influence of
liquor fell and struck the back of his head
against the chime of a beer barrel in Con
Mahoneys saloon on Lower Broadway
last midnight and sustained complete
paralysis of the brain. He was taken to
the City Prison and booked as John Doe
for drunkenness, and when found still un
conscious this morning was removed to
the Receiving Hospital. Drs. Stratton and
Kane were unable to resuscitate him, and
they say he cannot live until morning.
Donovan Is aged 65 years.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 25.— Orsames Smiley
died this mornir.g at his home, 1816 Bay
street. He waa a native of Augusta,
Maine, aged 75 years, and had resided in
Alameda for the past two years.
The Chllcoot Social Club will give a
"smoker" Wednesday evening at the
home of Louis Schultz, 2043 Railroad ave
nue.
STUDENT EVANGELISTS.
Members of the Berkeley Young
Men's Christian Association Will
Preach During Vacation.
BERKELEY, Dec. 25.— There is a move
ment on foot among the members of thp
Young Men's Christian Association of the
University of California to spend part of
their Christmas holidays in holding re
ligious services in different parts of the
State. The meetings will be evangelical
in nature, designed especially for young
I So far three places have been de
upon where the young evangelists
\ to preach, Modesto, Oakdale and
ut Creek. They will hold services
mously in those places from Decem
to January 8.
Holiday Services.
ftKKLEY. Dec. 25.— Christmas day
was celebrated in all of the churches in
this city to-day. All of the church edi
fices were decorated appropriately for the
occasion. In the West Berkeley Episcopal
Church the Rev. VV. H. Ratcliff preached
upon the subject "Meekness and Lowli
ness the Tenor of Christmas Day."
Dr. H. Minton occupied the pulpit In
the First Presbyteriaji Church, and spoke
I the subject "His Name, Jesus.
the Trinity M. E. Church the pastor.
Dr. Coyle chose as his sermon "The
l's Song." An old fashioned English
service was. the feature at St
:'s Episcopal Church. It was for the
ay School children. T.ie Rev. D. J.
Pierce in the First Baptist Church spoke
upon "Science Paying Tribute to Jesus."
A curious visitation recently was not
ed in the township of Hove, near
Brighton, England, in the shape of a
plague of caterpilara. Having consum
ed a field of broccoli they made
tracks across the road toward the
I houses, exteriors of which simply
. swarmed with them. Fourteen cater-
I pillars were counted on a single win
j dowpane by an observer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 26. 1898.
HER DRESS CAUGHT FIRE.
An Old Woman Fatallu Burned bu the Explosion of
a Coal-Oil Lamp.
Mrs. Kelly, aged 50 years, living at 313
Twelfth street, was fatally burned last
evening. The unfortunate woman was in
the act of removing a lighted coal oil
lamp from a table when it exploded, the
burning oil setting fire to her dress.
Unable to extinguish the flames the
frenzied woman ran from the house, fran
tically screaming for help. Edward Cur
tis, a neighbor, rushed to her assistance
and tore the burning garment from her
body. Realizing that she was seriously
burned Curtis telephoned to the Central
Police Station for the patrol wagon. The
Injured woman was hurriedly driven to
the Receiving Hospital and an examina
tion disclosed that her arms and legs were
horribly burned. Drs. Rumwell and Hop
per did what they could for her, and then
had her removed to the female ward. In
explanation of the accident Mrs. Kelly
said she was alone in the house at the
time and had just hed her Christmas
dinner.
"I had removed the dishes," said she,
"and started to take the lighted lamp In
the front room. In taking hold of It I
must have tipped it over, as it immedi
ately exploded. The burning oil fell on
my dress, and before 1 realized what had
RECREATION
NEARLY ENDS
IN DEATH
Accident to J. Walter
Empey.
THROWN FROM HIS HORSE
SUFFERS A FRACTURE OF THE
BASE OF THE SKULL.
Found Lying in the Road "Uncon
scious and Cove-red With Blood
and Dirt by a Mounted
Officer.
J. Walter Empey, secretary of the Guide
Publishing Association, lies at the point
of death in his home. 709 Hyde street. He
met with an accident while riding in the
park yesterday that resulted in the frac-
J. WALTER EMPEY, Who Was Seriously Injured Yesterday.
ture of the base of his skull, an Injury
which, in the opinion of the surgeons at
the Park and Receiving Hospitals, may
cause paralysis or death.
Empey left his home yesterday after
noon for ft ride in the park. He was
mounted on an excitable high strung ani
mal that several times on the trip to the
park showed a strong desire to run away.
On reaching the park the animal seemed
to become quieter and Empey, anticipat
ing no further trouble, did not watch ft
as closely as on the trip out from the
city. Finally, without a moment's warn
ing, the animal shied at some fancied ob
ject and started on a mad race toward
the Cliff. Empey remained in the sad
dle for a considerable distance and en
deavored with all his might to control the
maddened animal, but without avail.
Suddenly the animal made a turn from
the road and Empey was thrown with
terrible force to the ground. No one saw
him fall, but half an hour after he was
seen to pass the conservatory he was
found by one of the mounted police un
conscious, bleeding and covered with dirt
In the middle of the road.
The ambulance was summoned and the
unconscious man was taken to the
Emergency Hospital, where a cursory ex
amination of his hurts was made. It was
found that he had suffered a fracture of
the base of the skull, so it was decided to
immediately remove him to the Receiving
Hospital that an operation might be per
formed if found necessary. When the
Receiving Hospital was reached Empey
regained consciousness, but as to the cir
cumstances surrounding the accident his
mind was a blank. He could only re
member that he was riding, he said, and
had no recollection of having been thrown
from his horse. Last evening the patient
was removed to his home, and »late last
night was resting easily, but the outcome
of his injuries cannot be determined for
several days.
There was no music at the park yester
day, but notwithstanding the absence of
this attraction thousands of people passed
happened I was enveloped in flames. Af
ter vainly endeavoring to free myself
from the burning garment I ran from the
house, screaming for help.
As I reached the sidewalk I became un
conscious, but was aroused by Mr. Cur
tis, who was furiously endeavoring to tear
the burning dress from my body. If it
had not been for him, I believe I would
have been burned to death.
Late last night the unfortunate woman
was visited by a priest, who administered
the last sacraments of the Catholic
church. The hospital surgeons say that
Mrs. Kelly cannot possibly live.
Christmas out under the trees. The
Chutes was also visited by thousands of
pleasure-seekers. Emll Markeberg made
another daring balloon ascension and
parachute drop, and this attraction, to
gether with the fact that every child that
passed through the gates yesterday was
presented with a present, drew the largest
crowd of the season. The tree will be re
plenished for to-day, and children who
visit the grounds will have another
chance at Santa Claus. The same enthu
siastic crowd visited Sutro's Baths to wit
ness the aquatic sports. The results of
the contests follow:
SO-y:ird dash, novice— Won by O. Beyfusi.
H. Anderson second.
100-yard dash— Won by H. Seebaeh, A. Hay
second.
60-yard race for amateurs— Won by O. Freeth.
D. Harris second.
100-yard dash for non-professtonals— Won by
H. Seebach. S. Duran second.
Trick and fancy sprlnsc-board diving— Won by
S. Duran. H. Seohach second.
Hlßh diving— Won by Fred Green. F. Ray
mous second.
Eureka Benevolent Society.
At the annual meeting of the Eureka
Benevolent Association at 105 Stockton
street yesterday the reports of officers
were received and new officers for the en-
Ftiinp: year elected as follows: President,
Charles Hirsch; vice president, E. W.
Holler: treasurer, Albert Mover; secre
tary, Meyer H. Levy; board of trustees —
A. Anspacher. S. W. Rosonstock. Herman
Levy, Sig. Schwabaeher, Juda Newman
and Henry Slnsheimor.
Bold Thieves Caught.
George Keenan and William Perry early
yesterday morning broke the show win
dow in Alexander Bertin's dyeing estab
lishment at 430 Bush street and stole a
cape and a silk skirt. They were seen by
a citizen, who notified the police.
Swiss Rifle Club Shooting.
The Swiss Rifle Club held its monthly
shooting contest at the Harbor View
range yesterday. Following are the win
ning scores. Medal shooting, champion
ship class, A. Gehret 412; first class, G.
H. Hauser 384; second class, A. Studer
375; third class, F. Sutter 316. Bullseye
shunting— J. Leeman first, G. R. Hauser
second, P. Crose third, F. Baumgartner
fourth, F. Sutter fifth. J. Bachman sixth
and James Scheibli seventh.
In the Handball Arena,
Christmas day was enjoyed by many
lovers of handball at Phil Ryan's court,
858 Howard street. Play was started
early and only ceased when darkness
came. Ten double games kept the boys
busy.
J. Dowling am] M. Magulre defeated R.
Murphy and J. White. Score: 21—13, 18— 21,
E. Lynch and A. J. Griffith defeated M.
Easch and T. F. Quinn. Score: 21—19, 12— ? i,
P. Herrin and P. Foley defeated M. J. Stokes
and M. Fogarty. Score: 21—11, 9—21 21—16
T. Leach and M. Kirby defeated J. Klrby
and E. Uarry. Score: 21—8, 14—21. 21—17.
J. Condon and J. McCarthy defeated M. Mc-
Laughlln and T. Foley. Score: 21—16, 14—21.
21—20.
P. Hutchinson and M. Dillon defeated P.
Kelly and G. Hutchinson. Score: 21—14, 13— 2 L
T. Serres and R. Racouillat defeated A.
■Wittman and J. Glynn. Score: 21—10, 12—21
21—17.
J. Silvero and L. Ferro defeated L. Pickett
and C. Mahoney. Score: 21—19, 17—21, 21—20
J. Riordon and R. Llnehan defeated J. C.
Nealon and A. Hampton. Score: 21—13, 15—21.
21 — 16.
R. Madden and T. Murphy defeated T. Han
lon and J. Peters. Score: 21—17, 18—21, 21—15.
Treat for Hospital Patients.
High mass was celebrated at the City
and County Hospital at 8 o'clock yester
day morning. Through the efforts of Dr.
Hugh I,agan a special choir was present
and assisted In tne ceremony for the ben
efit of the patients In the Institution.
When a fool opens his mouth his head
is soon emptied.
MISS O'NEIL
IN "MAGDA"
Miss Nance O'Neil, who has been all
the way to Honolulu and back since we
saw her last, broke the Christmas
Sabbath by commencing a return en
gagement in the California Theater last
night. The play was Sudermann's
"Magda," one not calculated to attract
the usual holiday crowd, but it drew
a considerable number of cultivated
persons, possibly those who have no
homes; and duty tore the critics from
their Christmas boards and firesides.
Now even a critic hates to ply his trade
on this night of traditional peace and
good will, and Miss O'Neil couldn't
have hoped to have the opening pub
lished to the town as seasonable and
considerate. "Magda" on Christmas
night is about as appropriate as an ice
cream is at breakfast. It is a play that
strikes deep and troubles the emotions
— everybody finds in it something of
his or her own personal problem. It
is a domestic tragedy, one of the strong
est ever written, and it doesn't olend
with the holly, the mistletoe and the
yule which are supposed to bring us
forgetfulness and optimism. No; Mistt
O'Neil's date and play were not timeiy.
But — professional justice is stronger
than private grievance, and it must be
owned up to that her performance com
manded admiration and respect. Like
nearly every character played by this
tempestuous young genius, it was un
even and frequently , lacking in the
softer depths and subtleties, but it was
full of cerebral vigor and it brought
out that big brutal note which the role
will stand for in a consistent interpre
tation along that line. Miss O'Neil's
Magda is not the creature of delicate
ironies and bitternesses that Modjes
ka's is, but rather an heroic young
woman of the injured-heroine type,
febrile and explosive. McKee Rankin
gives a large Bismarckian impression of
the old father that is quite dramatic in
part, but on the whole too elaborate
and obvious in detail; and Herbert
Carr is an earnest even if somewhat
conventional pastor. Owing to an ac
cident met with by George Trimble.
Lionel Clark was called upon to play
Yon Kellar at a few hours' notice; and
in the circumstances he did creditable
work. None of the men were objec
tionable, but without exception the sub
sidiary female parts were played with
poor understanding of the piece and
unfortunate effect.
ASHTON STEVENS.
MAJOR WILKINSON'S DEATH.
How the Brave Officer Fell Fighting
Indians.
Major Wilkinson met his death at about
3 o'clock in the afternoon, after the bat
tle had been on for over three hours. He
was standing at one corner of the block
house, running those keen eyes of his up
and down the line and carefully directing
the fire of his men and encouraging them
as he only knew. It is a wonder that
he survived as long as he did, or indeed,
for that matter, that any of the officers
lived to tell the tale. Any one standing
erect was a most conspicuous target, and
the dusky sharpshooters had their eyes
on them. He was shot first through one
of his legs and fell down. Quickly re
gaining his feet, he called out: "I'm hit.
lieutenant, but not bad; keep the men to
gether."
He limped back to the door of the
house, where his Injury was promptly
dressed by Surgeon Harris, and immedi
ately resumed his place behind his men.
He had been there but a moment when
a bullet passed completely through his
body, entering the abdomen.
"I'm hit again, and hit for good," he
cried, addressing his commanding officer;
"but give them h— l, general, give them
h— 1!"
He whirled around like a top and then
felt his way back to the door, assisted
by the surgeon. He knew that his wound
was fatal, remarking that he had received
a central injury. He died an hour after
ward, being conscious until a little be
fore the end.
Although the major's heart was in the
fight, he was from the flfst opposed to
moving troops against the Indians, being
convinced that it would bring about dis
turbances which might easily be settled
in a peaceful way. Coming up on the
boat he told me that the idea of calling
out troops to subdue a score of Indians,
whose chief offense was that of resist
ins an officer, appeared highly ridiculous
to him.
"I wouldn't mind," said he, "receiving
orders to go out and round up the gang
of timber thieves and others who are con
tinually stirring the Indians up to the
lighting point by the shameful way in
which they have abused them during re
cent years."— Minneapolis Journal.
The Upper Nile Begion.
I do not myself believe that our gen
eration will get much value out of the
Nile Valley. For in what does the Sou
dan consist? It is, as it were, a single
thread of blue silk drawn across a gTeat
brown nugget; and even the blue thread
Itself is brown for many months in the
year. Where the waters of the Nile soak
into the banks there grow thorn bushes
and poisonous weeds. Where the inhab
itants splash the water over their scrappy
fields—perhaps fifty yards square— there
are hard-won crops. This belt of vege
tation is rarely more than a few hundred
yards broad. And the rest is desert—mis
erable, aching, desolate desert. There is
plenty of room to lie down and die in. But
it is no place for a man to live in. — Lieu
tenant Winston Spencer-Churchill, In
North American Review.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FANCISCO, Dec. 25, 6 p. m.
The following: are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfalls In 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 f>.s7 15.42
Ked muffs 0.00 3. 51 6. 03
Sacramento 0.00 3.H2 4.38
Pan Francisco 0.00 3.99 4.07
Fresno 0.00 1.92 1.89
San Luis Obispo 0.00 1.34 1.58
I Los Angeles 0.00 0.24 2.53
I San Diego 0.00 l.Oi 1.41
I Yuma 0.00 1.32 0.81
i WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
R0; minimum temperature, 42; mean tempera
ture, 46.
An area of high pressure continues central
in northern Utah and southern Idaho, from
which section the barometer diminishes toward
northern Washington, and toward a slight de
pression off the coast of southern California-
Fair weather continues throughout northern
! California and Nevada, but cloudy weather
i prevails elsewhere west of the Rooky Moun-'
| tains and light rain has fallen in Washington,
i Conditions are favorable for light showers in
southern California Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight December 26: £*
For Northern California— Partly cloudy in
south portion, generally fair in north portion
Monday. Fresh north wind.
For Southern California — Cloudy Monday and
probably scattered light ehowers, fresh north
erly winds.
For Nevada— Partly cloudy Monday.
For Utah— Cloudy Monday.
For Arizona — Generally cloudy Monday, prob
ably with scattered showers In west portion.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Generally
fair Monday, fresh north wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals —
Partly cloudy; wind northwest; 20 miles; tem
perature, 50; maximum temperature, R6.
W. H. HAMMON, Forecast Official.
TUB CALL'S -CALENDAJL
December, 1838.
We
Xooa'%
17
■C* Now Moo
**? December
27
\JL
©Full Moon.
December T.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit th«
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes Wefore noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, XT. S. N., In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 26.
Sun rises 7:23
Sun sets 4:67
Moon sets 6:19 a. m.
D ITim« ITlmel [Time [Time
£. Ft. 1 ! Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
!»LW HW L W HW
2< ... 3:28 3.2 9:39 5.8 4:59—0.8
HW L W HW L.W
17 .. 0:18 4.3 4:13 3.3 10:17 6.8 5:34—0.8
28 ... 0:66 4.4 4:66 8.3 10:53 5.6 6:07!— 0.7
29 .. 1:30 4.5 6:38 3.2 11:32' 5.31 6:40|— 0.5
30 ... 2:01 4.6 6:24 3.1 12:13] 5.11 7:11 O.J
31 ... 2:31 4.7 7:121 3.1 12:55 4.7| 7:41 | 0.2
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, exoept
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the helsht.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. "The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARKiVE.
Alliance (Oregon Ports
Samoa | Humboldt
State California! Portland
Wyefleld iNanaimo
Chllkat Humobldt
Del Norte 'TUlamook;
Washtenaw |Tacoma
Santa Rosa |San Diego
China China and Japan
Arcata (Coos Bay
Centennial Seattle
Pomona j Humboldt
Umatilia j Victoria & Puget Sound
Weeott Yaquina Bay
Aloha Point Arena
Coos Bay INewport
Mackinaw jTacoma
Point Arena [Point Arena
North Fork iHumboldt
Acanulco 'Panama
Corona ISan Diego
Columbia I Portland
Chas. Nelson... lPuiret Sound
Queen IVlrtoria & Puget Sound
iDec. 2fl
[Dec. 26
Dec. ii
'Dec. 26
I Dec. 26
[Dec. 26
I Dec. 26
Dec. 27
Dec. 27
Dec. 27
Dec. 27
Dec. 28
Dec. 28
Dec. 28
Dec. 28
Dec. 29
Dec. 29
Dec. 23
Dec. 30
Dpc. 30
Dec. 31
Dec. 31
] Dec. 31
!Jan. 2
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Jla
ra..{
....
Cal
wewporx
I Vic & Put Sd.
IHumboIdt ....
Panama
[Sydney
:land
Dleffo
i Bay
ulna Bay.
it Arena..
nans. ' rier.
Dec. 27. 9 am Pier 11
Dec. 27, in am Pier 9
Dec. 27, 2 pm Pier 13
Dec. as. 12 m PMSS
Dec. 28, 10 pm Pier 7
Dec. 28, 10 am | Pier 20
Dec. 29, 10 am i Pier 24
Dec. 29, 11 am | Pier 11
Dec. 29, 10 am Pier 13
Dec. 29, 10 am Pier IS
Dec. 29, 3 pm Pier 2
Dec. 30
Dec. 31. 9 am Pier 11
I Dec. 31, 3 pm Pier 2
Jan. 1, 10 am Pier 9
Jan. 3, 10 am Pier 2*
rcata I 1
I'eeott ....I
loha :
ignal I
oos Bay...!!
t. Arena..!
'matilla ..'■'
olumbla ..|:
on
Arena..
P t Sd.
Lnd
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. December 25.
Stmr State of California, Parsons. 50 hours
from Portland, via Astoria, 41 hours; Btmr Del
Norte. Allen, 68 hours from Tillamook Bay.
Stmr Scotia, Lundquist, 16 hours from Fort
Bragg:.
Stmr South Coast. Zaddart, 88 hours from
San Pedro, ballast.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, 51 hours from Coos
Bay. •
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 18 hour* from Moss
Landing;.
Stmr Orizaba, Hall, 66 hours from Newport.
Schr Mayflower, Olsen, 11 days from Coqullla
River.
Schr Barbara Hernster. Jensen, 68 hours
from Coqullle River.
: Vy SAILED.
Sunday, December 25.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Etmr Corona, Hall, San Diego.
Bark S. C. Allen. Johnson, Honolulu.
French bark Duchesse Anne. Au drain,
Queenstown.
German schr Mascotte, Schwartingr, Matupi.
Schr J. G. Wall,' BJornstrom, Eureka.
Schr Anlta» Funcke, Eureka. .
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOBOS. Dec. 25.— 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind calm.
SPOKEN.
Per schr Gotama— On Dec. 22, 50 miles west of
Point Reyes, spoke a boat from sealing schr
Mermaid of Victoria: reports having 14 skins;
Mermaid boat reports schr Geneva of Victoria
with 40 skins; all well.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND- Arrived Dec. 25— Schr
Annie M. Campbell, from San Pedro: ship
Eclipse, from Port Gamble for Algoa Bay.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Dec. 24— Bktn Gleanor. for
San Francisco.
Arrived— Ger bark Najade, from Yokohama.
Sailed Dec. 25— Stmr Geo. W. Elder, for
Eurpka.
Arrived. Dec. 25 — Schr Sparrow, hence Dec. 20.
Sailed— Stmr Samoa, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Dec. 25— Stmr Aloha,
hence Dec. 24.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Dec. 25— Stmr Point
Arena, hence Dec. 24.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec. 24— Bark Tidal
Wave, from Tacoma; schr Comet, from Ta
coma: schi* Dora Blum, from Tacoma.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec. 24— Stmr
Farallon for Dyea.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Dec. 23— Schr
Zampa, from Suva.
Sailed— Dec. 23— Schr Ida McKay, for San
Francisco; schr La Gironde, ior San Fran
cisco. Dec. 24 — Bktn Omega, for San Fran
cisco; schr A. J. West, for San Pedro.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Dec. 24— Br ship G. W.
Wolff, for Queenstown. Dec. 25 — Ship Lucille,
for San Francisco.
Arrived— Stmr Farallon, from Dyea.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec. 25— Stmr Excelsior,
from Alaska and sailed for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VANCOUVER— SaiIed Dec. 25— Ship Heela,
for Sydney.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec. 25— La Norman
dla, from Havre.
HAVRE— Arrived Dec. 25— La -Champagne,
from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Deo. 25— Auranla for
New York.
•v;>
A society lady in a busy Connecticut town recounts an extremerjr
trying experience. "I have suffered," said she, "about everything possible
from weak stomach and chronic constipation, and many a night have had to sit
to bed, propped up with pillows and get what sleep I could that way. I could
aot lie down; if I did I would feel a terrible choking sensation which made me
gasp for breath. Everything seemed to ferment the moment it got iato my
itomach. and often I felt bloated and generally miserable. Since I began using
RIPANS TABULES
X bare been bo greatly relieved that I fully believe they will boob onreatt
entirely."
AUCTION SALES.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
'ft* ' AT £*
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET, i
327 Sixth Street.
WEDNESDAY. DEC. 28. AT 11 A. M.
By order of Mayor Phelan
■We will sell a lot of Fire Department horse*,
also a lot of Buggies. Wagons. Harness, etc.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE,
Live Stock Auctioneers.
\ 1 >3b31 ibbbbbbbb^* 0 KNIFE or PAIN
1 J jKB No Pay Until Cured
&^ isS Isbb^*\ An y lump in a wo-
"man's breast is can-
Oa BmBSWH ■ CCI / The poison
FBffH^Mßffi, quickly goes to arm-
JjjßßxSß^E&^^L P^- If large it is too
i^)pWjlHßHBJ3SfyHh| late. Men's face and
&tp%^*Bm!Sf*^ Jff 1 1 lip a common place.
■ |^ /*Wi|if / S ■ * GB Book sent
free with hundreds of
addresses of honest scares. No Fraud.
8. R. CH AMLEY, M. D., 23 & 25 THIRD St , N'R MARKET ST.
SEND TO SOMF! ONE WITH CANCER
"eroeiArnro f|ffH a Qi 9 iSil I A
SCkJfll THE NEW
istosr. sUsJ^Z >t(f% cd E c N ii nu
VITALSS SL % RcycnV
PR»I>I (KS THE ABOVE 30th Day. llCm 111
RESULTS. It quickly t .nrtly rtnorei Nen-ou, «M. ImpoUiney.
Nightly Em. ion*, Eril Dream. W«stin s Di««« »nd all effect
of self-abuso or rxctn and indi.crrtion. Restore. Let VltallrT
Power .nd F.illnj Memory. W. , off Insanity .nd CoV.,nm£
Mon. Cnn» when all other, fail. Im.st on harm* VITAIIIC
no other. ,C»n be earned in the ve,t pneket. By mail |lg||
per packif.nr.ix for 45.00 with a guarantee to CiVe „
• Refund the Moner. rircnlar Frer A^'lre«^ roor
j CAM'MKT CC*T« CO.. «34 1»op -born" t.. n.|eaa«
_**• tor Owl Drug Co.. S. W^ mat OakUai
y^"^. Dr. Gibbon's Lispensarj,
JUs^wna f s— *> KEABXT NT. Established
fl|r*l W** JA In 18S4 for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensarj,
625 KKARXY NT. EsUbllshlKl
In 1554 for the treatment of Private)
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
UHggl disease weari ngon bodyand
BgSS^a Ski " Diseases. The doctorctires when
j^Bß^raijS others fall. Try him. Charges low.
r^vft iirincaj I'nrmtrmnnlrrii Callorwrlt*
J>r. J. r. UIBBON, Box. 1357. San Franclaca
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
h^ ;' Steamers leave Broadway
HgVj^^ wharf. San Francisco:
IQSrßea^. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
MJPtwPlfc Dec. 2, 7. 12. 17, 21. 17. Jan. I.
I fS" BS^K^ change at Seattle.
bS^SsH «a For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
SsbCc^Bl C.). Port Townsend. Seattle.
r^^^al»»i Tacoma, Everett. Anacortea
and New What com (Wash.).
"^ 10 a. m., Dec. 2. 7. U. 17, «.
n Jan. 1. and every fifth day thereafter,
chance at Seattle to this company's steamers
SoWask* and ON. Ry. at "faooma to N. P.
p. it Vancouver to *-. r. t\j.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 1 p. m.. r>ea,
I 10. 16, 20. 25. *». J»»- *• and •vary flftb day
Cm*. Monterey. Ban Slmeom.
Cayucos, Port Harford «San ■ Luis Oblspo).
OavloTa. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Buencma.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) an 4
Newport. 9 a m.. Dec. I. 7, 11, 16. 19, M. V. XX.
Jan 4 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m Dec. I. S. 9. IS. 17. SI. 26. ». Jan. t. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, Ban Jose del
Cabo, Maratlan, Altata, La Pas, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. Dec. IT, Jan.
IS. ' - ...
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamer*, sailing dates
■ r-'' y*r*ir<i nf pnWne.
ffIOKKT OrnOE-4 New Montgotaory
street U'alace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.. -
10 Market St., San Frandsoo.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH ''AST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
. .. • jpear-rtreet Wharf at 10 a. m.
A.';;v j»l 2 First Class Incln dire Berths
;I; I ..ft *.' SB Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails „ Dec. 14, S4
STATE OF CAL. sails Dec. 9. 19. 29
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
' E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO..
Superintendents.
— __
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantlque.
"" (French Line)
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS -,~^
(FRANCL). Sailing every Saturday
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42. North vHSBBBsIh
River, foot of Morton street.
LA NORMANDIE Dec 31
LA GASCOGNE Jan. 7
LA CHAMPAGNE.. Jan. 14
LA BRETAGNE.. Jan. 21
LA NORMANDIE Jan. 28
First-class to Havre, $90 and upward, 5 per
cent reduction on round ■ trip. Second-class to
Havre, $45, 10 per ecnt reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
PRUPBHIfI The S. S. ALAMEDA
idßOniLsalls via Honolulu and
lTbbl " BW Auckland for Sydney
■ -. >. Wednesday. December
SfMnSflJnJ M - at 10 Australia
nMCdfnSnD^ S - S AUSTRALIA
Q '^p!7«Kii " alls for Honolulu
(OfllD2lttP Wednesda > ' January
wnif/gnq 1X 1899 at 2 m
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPS
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office — Market St.. San '"'rancisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJQ.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat k
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Than.).
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and I p. a
Landing and — Mission Dock, Pier 1.
Telephone Main IMS."JESUS ENSHRINED IN MUSIC."
i Rev. Dr. Locke's Eloquent Discourse
. \ to a Crowded Congregation.
The Cwitral Methodist Church on Mis-
> rion street was crowded at both the morn-
ing and evening services. In the evening
the pastor, Dr. Locke, spoke on "Our
Christmas Jesus Enshrin* in Music,"
taking his text from Luke 11:13. In sub-
Btanca he said:
/'Christianity was born with a pong on
Its lips. Mary sang in the thrilling: meas-
u res of the magnificat; -the angels- sang
in their tumultuous hallelujah chorus,
and the shepherds sang In plaintive
strains o* greatest joy And the world
has -btH?n Pinging ever since. Paganism
does not »ii^; it laments. Pagodas and
mosques do not lighten their somber In-
terior \vith music; but every Christian
• church, however humble, Is a conserva-
tory of the sweetest music to which the
soul of man can list
'•Music is a gift of God. Like all the
sciences; it. is a radiation. of divine' truth.
Pythagoras taught a close affinity " be-
tween -music and astronomy. He was
right -as far as he went, but music leads
men up -to the perpetual throne of glory.
The divinity of music appears in the fact
thnt great musicians have been good men;
and to make -music great and to develop
the mighty impulses which they have felt
In their souls the great musicians have
chosen lofty, Important and divine
themes."
Dr. Locke, In conclusion, said that the
mission of music was -to • ten the
asperities and antagonisms of men and to
unify the race; to refine and ennoble man-
kind; -to brighten the shadows of life
and teach men to sing songs In the night;
to bring God down to men, and to brine
men up to God.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
H L Kmery. Laurel J'Barbour. 8 Diego
<: E Bates. Nevada H Prindle&w, I. Ang
Q E Bates &w, Cal L McDonald. Eureka
L McKemtle. Denver A Q Raycroft, Carson
V M Boyd, Salt Lake B R Peel Cleveland
: McC.ilvry, Denver A.l Costell . Vallejo
A L Smith,, Auburn H A Gerdes. L A.ng
J Whitman, Medford C Wetmore, Buisun
H H Bell. Stanford C L Davis. Chicago
C \\ Mark. Cal J Bcynton. "Visalia
C Champion, Cal C Strauss X V
J . Parsfleld, Oroville C B Qreenwali. Cal
H X Wllcox. S Jose Mrs Wilson. S Diego
H R Robblns, Oakland G H Bartlett Cal
II H Pierce. Oakland A McCollough. L Ang
l' Collins, Alame.la C <; Bartlett. Pacto
J W Popper, Oakland F E Kidd. Williams
L H F lint. Cal V Matt & w, SaotO
\\ 'Uhitestde. L Ang <', Alexander S Josa
P Nutter. Salt Lake C V Howard, Minn
v. Hobson, Ventura M Ramsay & w, Cal
A Hobson. Ventura WE Davis. Spreckels
X E Bless, Biggs R L Sandwick. Cal
II Popham & \v, Tex .7 ; Sanf ord & w. Uktah
PALACE HOTEL.
H ? Intosn ' . Chi. -ago M Neuberjrer.- Chicago
¥ J Worrell. s Joso Mrs Neuberger, Chlcgo
A J Pollok, N V Mlfs Byrne N. V
J B.Rose. NY S W Ze'iner. NY
Mra Rose, N y I>r Wlslookl, S Josa
» D Dodge, Palo Alto Mrs Wlslocki. 3 Jose
gJ T snss'5 ns 5'? n 1 1j Ans C B Greenwell. Cal
R J Sickles. N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
M 11 * 1 * & « w> apa I F Nugent. Coulterville
M Oilman & w. S Jose C Murray Fresno
F Smith. Petaluma ■ J Johnston. Sulsun
P C MAvford, NY A Brown, Riverside
.1 Chisholm, Liverpool J Connolly. S Jose
V Perry NY . H.l Wilson. Oakdale
Vv- Lovejby. Chicago S tT Crooks Fresno
F McDowell, L Ang G Cooper. Seattle
A Hausen, Fresno X D Weaver. Seattle
II Lambert Stockton : .i E.Hall. Palo Alto
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner cl Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery atreet.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
JS7 Hayes street; open until 2:30 o'clock.
€21 McAllister street; t>pen until 9:30 o'clock.
tIE Larkin street; open until :30 o'clock. .
1541 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
3261 Market street, corner till I ■■Mill, open
until & o'clock.
IK Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
J626 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner or Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: Ten until 9 o'clock.
IMEETI.VG NOTICES.
HERMANN Lodge, No. 127. F. and A. «T"
M. Called meeting THIS r'AV 'M"X- __** '
I 'AY December 20, 1898, at 1:30 >*[5P
o'clock p. m., for the funeral of our /V^
deceased brother, William Mocker. By order
of the W. M L. SCHUMACHER. Sec.
HARMONY Lndire. No. IS, 17~0. -^■•»>
O. F. The officers and the funer- \ZL^
al committee of the above lydge
are hereby notified to assemble '•*»■■*•"
af Odd Fellows' Hall, cor. Market and ;th
sts.. on MONDAY, Dec. 26. at l o'clock p. m.,
for the purpose of. attending the funeral of
i.ur late brother, William Mocker, P. G. By
_ order CHAS. QUAST, Financial Sec.
Tin: California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by the hydraulic
process from Rocco M-linarl in the Humbug
Gulch. Mine, near Volcano. Amador Co., to
deposit tailings in Humbug Gulch; from J. B.
Meek, in the Grizzly Hill Mine, near Vol-
cano, Amador Co., to deposit tailings in Mis-
ery Creek; from Lewis Emery, Jr., in the
Emory Placer Mine, near Mountain Ranch.
Calaveras Co., to deposit tailings in Murray
Creek, and from Archie Newell, in the Newnfl
Claim, near Oleta, Amndor Co., to deposit
tailings In Deadman Creek, gives notice that
a meeting will be held at room 59. Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., on January S,
1539. at 1:30 p. m.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
lers of the Sumdum Chief Mining Company
will be held at the office of the company,
room S. Hobart building, 532 Market st.. San
' Francisco. Cal., on FRIDAY, the 6th day i,(
January, 1899. at the hour of 2 o'clock p. m.,
for the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to serve during the enpnlng year ami
■ the transaction of such other business as may
come t-efor; the meeting.
K. G. STEVENSON. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' Meeting— The annual meet-
ing of 'he stockholders of the California Dry-
dock Company will be held at the offlce of
the company. No. 302 California street. San
Francisco, California, on MONDAY, January
I, 1?99, at 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to serve for the
ensuing year, and for the transaction of such
other "business as may properly come before
the' meeting. W. F. RUSSELL. Secretary.
Office No. 302 California street, room 3
Ep,n Francisco, Cal.. Dec. U, IS9S.
THE annual meeting of th«» stockholders ol
THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF SAN
FRANCISCO, Cal., will be held at its ba/..<-
lng house. No. 301 Montgomery st., San Fran-
Cisco, Cal.. on TUESDAY, January 10, 1899.
at 3:15 o'clock p. m.. for the election of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and th«
transaction of such other business as may-
come before the meeting.
D. B. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
San Franeiffo, December I, IS3S.
DIVIDEND IVOTII 1..V
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Continental Build-
Ing and Loan Association, No. 222 Sansome
street: For the year endins December 31,
1858, a dividend has been declared at the rate
of 6 per cant per annum on ordinary deposits.
7 per cent on term deposits, It) per cent per
annum to class "F" stork mil 12 per cent
per annum to class "A" stork, all free of
taxes. • WILLIAM CORBIN Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society. 18
Geary — The directors ha' ■ declared the fol-
lowing semi-annual dividends: 4 per oent
per annum on term and 3 1-3 por cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after January 3. 1599. •
ERNEST BRAND. Sec.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Th« German Savings
and Loan Society, 526 California st.— For the
half year ending December 31. 18M, a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of four (4)
per cent per annum on term deposits and
three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent per annum
on ordinary deposits, free of taxes', payable
en and after Tuesday, January 3, 1899.
GEORGE TOURNY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend: No. SS (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office, 327
Market St.. on and after Tuesday, January
I, IK9S. ■ " .
Transfer books will close . on Wednesday,
December 2S. IS9S. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. 11. SHELDON. Secretary.
t>AN FRANCISCO Savings Union, 532 Califor-
nia fit., corner Webb. Dividend notice—
the half year ending with the 21st of De-
rember, IMS. a dividend has been declared
at the rate per annum of four (4) per cent
on term deposits and three and one-third
(3 1-3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after Tuesday. Janu-
ary 3, 1889. LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual Savings Bank of
Ban Francisco, 33 Post street. For the half
year endine December 31, IS3S. a dividend has
been declared at the rate cf three and elx-
tenths (3.6) per cent per annum on .-ill de-
posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday, January S. IW9.
-•■■ GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
"SPECIAL" notice:*.
THE Paclflc Hebrew Orphan Asylum ■ and
Home Society hereby given netlce that it
|ha« admitted Into the orphanage from July
I, 158 to December -31. 1888, the following
named orphans and half orphans; boys and
girls viz: Barah Rothenstein, aged 7 years;
Hym'an Itcthenstein, aged 5 years: Iletiry
Barron aged' !>•■ years; Edwin Abrams, -aged
5 years 2 months; .Harry Benjamin, aged 6 '
years 9 months; Bad Kohn. aged 10 years: j
Irene Well, nped 6 years; Helen Well, aged
4 years; -A'Jfialiam Danziger, aged 11 years,
and Leo Roscnthal, aged 3 years 9 months.
BAD tenants ejected for 14; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 nonta'oilicry 6 1., rooms 9-10; teL 6589.
situations WASTED— FEMALE. ;
SUPERIOR first-class cook, best of references,
desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st. • .
WOMAN with child wants to do housework;
city or country. Address box 623. Call office,
FIRST-CLASS French dressmaker Wishes en-
gagements in families; tailor-made and
evening dresses specialty; satisfaction guar-
anteed. ■ 634 Post st. * .
MANAGING housekeeper in a family of re-
finement by a widow from the East: refer-
ence. . Address, till -Jan. 3. Housekeeper, 1375
Eleventh aye.. East Oakland.
REFINED lady with girl of IT desires posi-
tion as working housekeeper for respectable
party: city references. Address box 606. Call.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE. . ,
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEQ. AOKI, 30 Geary: tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414U O'Farrell St.; tel. East 436.
FRENCH boy, 18 years old, speaks English,
wants to learn a trade or doing any kind
of work. Address 113 Fourth, tt. ■
SITUATION wanted by a young man as sec-
ond cook or waiter In hotel, restaurant or
private family: would go anywhere; best of
references. Address box 593, Call office.
SIDE line wanted on commission by commer-
cial traveler. Address box 6^9, Call.
EXPERIENCED farmer would like manage-
ment of large, Stock or grain ranch; V. .S. cer-
tificate; understands building, etc.; good ref-
erenot'; small salary. Box IS, Diamond, Ala-
meda Co.' •
RELIABLK man and wife want positions to
do chamberwork in hotel or lodging house;
city or country. Address J. G., box 606, Call.:
SITUATION wanted— A good superintendent of
any kind of mechanical work; no bad habits
and good reference. Address box €11, Call.
YOUNG man wants position as bellboy or in
stationery store. AddresS box 717. Call.
SINGLE Englishman wants situation as milker
and buttermaker; understands the . care of
fine stock and rearing calves and pigs. Ad-
dress C. HEWITT, 508 Second St., Oakland.
WINCHEiTER House, 44 Third ft... near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; »1 £0 to $«
week; convenient and respectable; fre» 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WAN lICD-FKMALK.
WAITRESS for nice private boarding bouse;
$20; call early Monday morning. Also 4 or
6 neat srirls for general housework; office
open Monday until 12. J. F. CROBETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st. •
HOUSEKEEPER and cook, who can make
butter; small ranch; $20; waitress, country
hotel; fare paid; chambermaid and wait,
country hotel. $20. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay, st. ■_
WANTED— To-day, 4 waitresses, first-class;
country hotel; to hold station of 8 chairs;
$25; call early. C. H. HANSEN & CO., 104
Gear}'-
LEARN dressmaking, ladies' tailoring and
millinery; special offer this week; perfect
fitting patterns. M'DOWELL SCHOOL. 103
Post st.
WANTED-^ Young lady for office work; call
bet. 10 and 11 a. m. Tuesday. S. N. WOOD
& CO., 718 Market st.
WANTED — to wait on table In restaurant;
wages $15. $30 Howard.
BOOKKEEPER and typewriter; state wages
and references. Box 513. Call office. '
WANTED A woman for housework. ,■ Apply
1616 Green St., between Gough and Franklin.
GOVERNESS wanted for three children. In-
quire Occidental Hotel, December 26 and 29,
between 2 and 5 p. m.
LEA UN sewing at KRISTER TAILORING
COLLEGE; lessons $1 per week. 426 Geary.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
fret?; patterns, 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Poßt.
HELP WANTED- JIALIi.
GOOD MORNING!
MURRAY & READY
Wish everybody a bright and merry Christ-
mas.
MURRAY & READY.... -...Telephone Main SS4S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT MONDAY
65 woodchoppers $1 50 and $1 cord
66 tie makers Be, Be and 12c each
3 laborers $25 and found
2 milkers. $30 and $25 5 farm hands
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS Waiters Butchers
8 cooks, different places $50, $40 and $30
5 waiters, different places $30, $25 and $20
Butcher, slaughter house, country Job
$30 and found
MURRAY & READY,
G34 and 630 Clay st.
DRIVER, milk wagon, $25 and found. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
OFFICE open Monday. 7 a. m. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary at. .
SHIP Tuesday for Skaguay railroad work;
fare $12 50. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
BAKER, $35: cook, small hotel, $S0: waiters.
$30 and $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
COACHMAN, $30; man about place, $25; black-
smith's helper, $25 and found; harness maker
for a ranch, $30 and found; cowboy,' $25 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SHIP Monday night for the Mountain Railroad:
laborers. $1 75 a day. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary St.
RESTAURANT head cook, $75; call early. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
HEAD waiter, $30; barman, $30. HOTEL
GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
FIVE Intelligent boys; must be rustlers; big
money. Call 9:30, Monday, COURSING
FORM BOOK CO., 60 Third st.
$12 60 PER week and board; steady man wanted
as cashier in restaurant; must have $150 cash.
238 Kearny St., room 7.
TEN' men to take clean rooms; 2 nights for
23c; 75c week. 105 New Montgomery Bt.
BARBER shop wanted; 2 or 2 chairs, With liv-
ing rooms: state price and location. Box
619, Call office.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declare', their In-
tention to become such; must be [good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet a Inches
and 6 feet In height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Bills at.,
Pati Francipco, Cal.
MEN wanted everywhere to' distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup; $2
per lay and expenses; cash every week: par-
ticulars for 2-cent stamp. " CALIFORNIA
ORANGE SYRUP CO., Ban Francisco. Cal.
TO go to-day— 3oo pairs men's second-hand
shoes, me nearly new, from 50c to $1; new
rhocs, sllKhtly damaged, !2! 2 price. 562 Mission
St.. bet. First and Second sts. Open Sundays.
WANTJ3D — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin.Reno House proprietor.- still
:-,ins Denver House. 217 Third si.; 150 large
rooms. 25c per night; $171 7 to $3 per week.
WANTED— An experienced clothing cutter on
reaJy-made goods: references. Leave address
box Ml, Call office. . . <-
GREEN hands, seamen, carpenters, black-
smiths for Fhips at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart
st.,' : stairs.
WANTED Barber to buy good 2-c.halr shop;
Jbargain. DECKELMA.N BROS.. 106 ' l}s st.
FINISHER at 22 Clay st. MYSELL-ROLLINS
CO., bookbinders. : "
lED Honest errand boy at ROGER-
SON'S, 535 Valencia st. . j
BAHBI'HS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. JesMe 1164.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764H Mission
nt._ men to tak« rooms; We, lCc and lie per
night COc. 90c and $1 per week. . . .
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms. 1142
Market st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, l?.S',j Eighth st. ..
BARBERS' Association . Free Employment
Office. S. FT -i OS Bee, 523 Grant aye.
TRY . Llndell House. Sixth nd Howard sts. ;
thoroughly renovated ;2Ca rms.; 15c, 25c night.
SINGLK rooms!. 15c. 20c. 25c per night; Jsc, $1
to $2 CO per wk. Klcho House. 863% Market st.
WANTED— To collect wngres due laborers and
■ clerks. Kncx Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
BAILORS and . ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis .st. . near' Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fire, large. Bunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis Bt.
TRY Acme House. 9.V7 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 41 third St., near Mar-
k»-t; 200 rooms, toe night: read Ing-room; free
•>■■!■? nml hngenge to nnrl from the ferry.
ATTOH.MJVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: divorce laws; private. .7. B.
EVANS, 14 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank.
NO fee' unless successful.' W. 1" : ADAMS, rm.
607, Emma Sprvckpls bldg., ,?2T Market st.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market at. ■
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection.
free advice ; open e vgs. Atty McCabe. 103 Larktn.
L 8. CLARK— Sprockets bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free: no fee» In adraace.
THE SAN FRANbISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1898.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $1000: MILK route and boarding stable; 24
cans dally; 4 good horses, 2 wagons: 6 steady
boarders; easily worth ?2000; sickness cause of
sale. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary st.
A— sl6oo; P FRUIT, vegetables ■ and ■ poultry:
wholesale and retail; $500 to $1000 daily; best
in city. KREDO & CO., 22«4 Geary St.
KREDO & CO., 22ft Geary st.
$4500— store; $40 dally; nothing batter.'
$200— Florist; big funeral trade.
$200— Branch bakery; $10 dally..
For particulars of above call on KREDO.
A— s22s; CORNER grocery and bar, worth $000;
must sell at once. KREDO & CO., 22V4 Geary.
$100 — WELL stocked candy store: must sell at
once. McLAUOHLIN & CO.; 777 Market st.
A— slso; STEADY man wanted in 'established
office business; will pay $73 a month to each.
MOON & CO., 100SH Market St., opp. Fifth.
PARTNER wanted in 'successful growing
business. Call 211 Examiner bldg., bet. 11 & 12.
SALOON for sale. 23 East St., near Clay.
WITH $500 .you can easily get rich manu-
facturing. * Address box 595, Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale at once on account of
' sickness. Inquire 1212% Polk st.
WANTED— A good restaurant man to take
charge of first-class restaurant In connection
with a hotel; good-paying business; French-
man preferred. Address box 607, | Call office.
MILK depot and dairy produce: reasonable;
cause of selling 111 health. 624 Third st.
PARTNER with some means by expert wine
man for opening neat, respectable wine
room with family trade. Box SIS, Call office.
SALOON ; 1 block from The Call; with 8
rooms; sell cheap on account of sickness.
Call at 677H Mission st.
FOR SALE— Fine cigar stand; 84 Eddy. Call
room 614, Call building.
ENERGETIC man with $500 can clear $500 a
month, guaranteed; this places a new and
necessary article upon the market. Partic-
ulars, box SO4, Call office. Oakland.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
■ W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
PROMOTERS wanted to Introduce new Inven-
tion. Box 638, Call office.
COFFEE, tea and epic* solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-liM
Bealc rt.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., . opp. Fifth.
110- room corner house $6500
10-room house; worth $1000 600
32 rooms: fine corner 1860
14-room house: only 600
. 26-room house; rent $60 760
8-room house to rent; furnished..
6- room flat; rent $22 250
14 rooms; on SStter 5t...: 450
82 rooms; reduced from $6000 to 2500
10 rooms; on Sutter st 250
It-room house; new house and furniture. 850
8 rooms; nfw furniture; cost $550 100
12 rooms; on Market st. rent $40 450
10-room house; only 150
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 650
46-room house: corner 1200
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
MONEY LOANED ON. ANY HOUSE.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market «t.
A— KREDO & CO 22V4 Geary Street
Money Advanced on All Houses.
10 rooms; elegant: clears $50 $325
12 rooms; Ellis St.; always full 600
14 rooms; near City Hall; cheap rent.... SOO
38 rooms: fine business corner 1,100
And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
A— s32o: 10 rooms, nicely furnished: Taylor. St.,
nr Geary; rent only $35. KREDO & CO..
22H Geary st. .
A-r$1000; 240 rooms; guaranteed . to ' clear $330
per month; Investigation and trial given.
KREDO. 4 CO. ■
A— 1150; 6-ROOM flat, south of Market: free
rent and light KREDO & CO.. 22* Geary.
$3500; 100 ROOMS, cor., with elevator; great
bargain. SPECK & CO., 801 Market st.
NEWLY furnished house of 7 rooms, all rented;
cheap for cash. 323 Taylor st. - -
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT $5 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
$3 50 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $295 00
Eteinway upright. 187 50
Chickering upright 235 00
Bohmer upright 113 00
Knabe upright 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up: buy dlreot
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
136 Ellis St.. T. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the i
same as if purchased for all cash: bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payment^ and some good pianos for $3, $4 and.
$6 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Btelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
pts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. "
A FINE List of Bargains In Good , Uprights
This Week Only:
Weber $ 50
Steinway 150
Fisher (Sacrificed)
Hemme & Long, and others very cheap.
Open evenings until 8:30.
GARDNER & GLASSELL. 216 Post st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A FEW Bargains Until Christmas Only:
Sterling piano; rosewood case $190 i
Royal piano: oak case 197 '■
Miller piano, rosewood case 193 ,
$6 per month: guaranteed 5 years.
BENJ. CURTAZ & PON. 18'O'Farrell st. :
THE best bargains In the city can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st. Call and see
the stock in their elegant new rooms.
MAGNIFICENT Chickering; only short time
from factory: forced to sacrifice at once;
make offer. Room 21. Flood building.
WM. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento st., agent
for celebrated pianos of Francis Baoon of New
York and Halfet £ Davis Co.. Boston.
AN elegant Steinway upright, but little used
and in perfect order: a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Warerooms, 1818 Market st.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Solo Agent. 308 Post st.
ELEGANT upright, cost $425. for sale on
$5 Installments.. .1115 Post st.
A FINE bargain: Weber upright, only $60. 216
Post st. .
A FINE Steinway and new Chickerlng upright
sacrificed. KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.
$150— FINE Steinway; (treat bargain. SCHMITZ, j
M McAllister Bt.. next TU.h^rnia Bank.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 303 Post st. '
HALVES Bros.' and other first-claps pianos at,
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos: new «cal^: new styles. KOH-
T.FR ft CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st
SUPERIOR vlnllns, zithers, old nnd new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH * WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
CHRISTMAS present for gentleman; a soli-
taire diamond stud for $15. coat originally |
i $35. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
A H. P. gasoline marine engine; almost new;
cheap. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
YACHT Rattler Jr., 21 feet 6 inches over all;
sloop, with cabin: fast sailer: nearly new.
Call or address 241 Bush st., San Francisco,
or S., Call office, Oakland.
FOR sale— Large St. Bernard dog; $15. 2106
Folsom st.
FOR SALE— paying butcher shop; cash
business: all appliances for smoking, and
curing: cheap. Box 24. Call Branch office.
TOOLS & machinery, every description, bought,
sold ,'. exchanged: send postal. 648 Mission.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office-furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and Becond hand. J.
' NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023, Mission St..
above Sixth
SAFES — The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st. ■ ■.:.... -
J. R. .POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission: tel. South 787.
SAFES — Bargains In "new and pecond-hand: all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
SIX horsepower Zenith gas engine: nearly new.
Cal. Belt Co.. 513 Mission: tel. Br. 331.
ovi: and 2 'bowl barber washstands, cheap, j
HUFPCHMIDT. fi2J Golden Gate ay». i L j
LOST-
LOST— setter dog, 1 year old; rather
thin.- A reward of $J0 will be,' paid. 'lf re-
turned to 2016 Pacific aye. or for Information
which will lead to recovery. • ""■
A— sloo REWARD ; strayed from -. my home at
-Fair Oaks, Great Dane dog; 1H year* old;
tiger marked. -A. ROY HARRISON, 40 Geary.
LOST— A gold heart-shaped locket, with small
■ diamond in • center. ■ Finder return .to this
office and receive suitable reward. «-..* ■
■': Tit-- , •■'■ ' '•- PHYSICIANS. -'. ,i ' : - •'/.'
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, offlce
and residence. IC2IH Market, bet, 6tU and 7th. .
■I HOUSES TO LET.
A— ROOMS; Post, near Franklin.. ....$5O
A— JO rooms; Pacific aye.. near Franklin.. 60
A— lo rooms; Bush, near Van Ness 40
3(X) others; cheap. SPECK & CO., 802 Mkt.
A— Send for circular; houses to let ail parts of
city. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
PERRY, 212 V* — Bay- window house, 4' rooms;
rent $12 50; water free. Apply to G. H.
" UMBSE^N & CO., Incorporated.
■SUNNY detached house. Westjern Addition: 8
rooms (5 bedrooms); yard anil basement; for
1 or 2 years. Address box ' 694, Call office.
WE can rent you- a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st, .;-.-. -. ■/-?■ * ' .'■ "
$10— HOl/SH'OO 4 rooms: large barn; big' yard.'
Cor. ' Seventh 'aye, and'*Lake st.
12-HOOM house; fine for renting rooms. 29 Oak
et., near Market. " Apply at 15 Grant aye.
$32 50— 14. ROOMS, new house: laid out for rent-
ing room*. 3505" Twentieth St., nr. Mission.,* \
;- cottages, to; let.
COTTAGE of five rooms and bath on Tenth
aye. near Point-Lobos aye., with all modem
improvements; rent . reasonable. JACOB.
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st. \_ ■ ■ ■'■
FLATS TO LET.
A— loo FLATS, cottagis. $7 to $11; 10 to 30~day8
free. At A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
CASTRO, 541, near 19th— 60; 6 rooms and
porcelain bath; sunny upper flat. • ; ...
FINE • sunny flat, 4 rooms; near Mechanics'
Pavilion. 62 Ivy aye.
GEARY '$06— elegant flat of 4 rooms; rent
$16. ;- . .■- ;
OLIVE aye., Upper flat of 4 rooms; $12; no
chlldran.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flBgrpcSle. >' BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. . ■ ■ • • . ,
$18 60— 297 A SHIPLEY st.; near Sixtrf-Flat; 5
rooms and bath. •■..•: , •'
$1,000,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. ,15 Grant aye.,
near Market Bt.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BARTLETT, 447 — Furnished " housekeeping
room, with kitchen; cheap.
BHLQRAVIA, 1715 Elegant rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished; en suite or single.-
FIFTH, 322— Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen sink; water; bath; private; $11.
FOLSOM. 652— Sunny furnished ' rooms for
housekeeping; also single; private family. .
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness aye.— Suite' of 3
sunny unfurnished rooms, with £as range, .
JESSIE, 439, bet. 6th and 6th— 3 sunny con-
necting rooms; complete for housekeeping;
modern; $14; also large bay window front
rooms for housekeeping; $& .
MARKET, Io2S— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed; closet; call after 6 p. m.
N.E. CORNER Tenth and Bryant— Sunny fur-
nished or unfurnished rms. ; gas in each rm.
O'FARRELL, 929, near Van Ness— front
room and large kitchen furnished for house-
keeping; ga.-*, gas stove; $18 month.
POST, — Unfurnished sunny rooms, single or
In suits, with all conveniences.
SHIPLEY, 259—4 housekeeping rooms,' $8; fur-
nished. $8; no children; no dogs.
THIRD, 303— Rms., double or single; furnished
complete housekpg; sunny side; front; rent low.
TURK, ' 20—2 nicely furnished,, light rooms,
complete' for housekeeping.
ROOMS TO LET. '
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny Pleasant
tunny rooms; en suite or tingle.: flrst-tl&sa
in every respect: terms reasonable^
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms;, suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth St., comer Howard-
rooms en suite or single. 25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night: Howard-at.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished ! or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8. $10 mo.
EDDY, 118 — Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central; very desirable; $6 per month upward.
ELLIS. 418 (Grand Carnot)— Nice sunny suites
& sing.. $1 60. *6 wk. ; 60c. $1 day; tel. 81, 1364.
GEARY, 14 A— Sunny front bay-window suite;
other rooms; $6 to $10 per month.
GEARY. 428, "The Gage"— Elegant furnished,
en suite and single; hot and cold water; bath.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 425— Two furnished
rooms for ladies, $9 and $5.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission — PJeaaant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select >"- family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 :er week.
HASKELL, The, 121 Powell— management;
cheap, neat, light, sunny rooms; transient.
MECHANICS' HOUSE, 436 Everything
new; rms., single or suite, tl wk. up; trans-
dent; bar in connection. F. W. Gardener, bro.
C. J. Gardener of Folsom and Rauscb, prop.
MINNA, 667. cor. Eighth— furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1235— Furnished single room for gen-
tleman; $3 per month.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished. rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
PIEDMONT House, 119 A Nicely furnished
sunny front rooms; double, single; first class.
PINE, 614 A, near Kearny — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite; moderate.
SEVENTH, New house, newly furnished;
modern, sunny; single or suite; $6 to $20 mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 317— Newly furnished suite; also
single rooms; bath, '. telephone; '.reasonable;
central. ; "' ' ' ' * " "'
TURK. 125— Single furnished rooms ' for man
and wife; also single room for gent.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch - office of The ; Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. .
ROOMS AND BOARD.
FELL. 26 — nicely furnished sunny rooms, with
board; reasonable; gas; gents preferred.
FIRST, Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up;. elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fall-mount, 1714 Market— new
furniture: first class in every j respect: table'
unsurpassed; hot and cold water: elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50- a month up.
HOWARD, 2606— Large sunny room, grate,
large closet, with board for 2, $35. . .- •
O' FA RRELL. Pleasant minny I rooms . ex-
cellent board; special rates for 2 or more. '
BUTTER, 112S— Elegant room and board; loca-
. tion unpurpassed; reasonable.
VAN NESS aye..'" 619— Sunny furnished suites
find single rooms; first-class table board.
OFFICES TO LET.
A SUNNY corner, suitable for offices; single
or suite. 1206 Market, corner Golden Gate.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Light, heat, janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON ft GARDNER, room 210.
~ EDUCATIONAL. ~
A SINGING and operatic training school; Parts
graduate; course Opens Jan. 6; term, .6 mo.,
$75; languages French and Spanish, begin
Jan. '■; course $30; special training during
second term for Paris Exposition, 1900. Rooms
C and 20, Mercantile bldg., 630 Golden Gate ay.
HEALD'S Business College. '24 Post Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
lng.tclegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; auh-
vpying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uate* placed since 1592; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; indi-
vidual Instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, )<o0; low rates
per Week and month.
A LADY teacheß piano & mandolin thoroughly;
60c hour; excellent pianist & accompanist for
entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavla st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, tin-hit.; day A eve.;
<>st. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
INSTRUCTION— piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE, 5941 24th st.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 128*. Mar-
. ket Ft.; 400 positions secured in last 2 years.'
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. ;72 Parrott bldg.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works — Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
S8 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone ' South 250. j
WHEN you become dlstgusted with poor work.
Bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. 8. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at Be.
STRATTON'S.-S Eighth at. : tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Cachet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.;. cleaning 3c per^-ard: tel.' Mission 74. ; .
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, ?S3 Golden
- Gate aye. ; tel. < East 126. ; \ ' .....
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning C0.,; .02 Sutter st.:".
tr-1 Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM. ' Proprietor. ■-:
•---."••■ ■•'■: : STORAGE."" ; t ;v ..
piEßCE^RODbLFHrsTorag^and Moving CoT
Cfflce 401 Post at. cor. Powell; tel. Mala 671J, ..
PERSONALS. i f~_
LEDERER'S (JuinonU is the only hair tonic
that thoroughly cleanses the scalp; 35c per
bottle; try It. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER, the leading hairdresser, charges
. but 26c for dressing the hair, any style; up-
to-date; switches SI up; open .Sunday and
Monday, 9to 12. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
PHYSICIAN (widower, 50 years old) In nice
position would like to marry a lady with a
fortune of at least $50,000. Address L. R.,
6039 Aberdeen st., Chicago", 111. .
THE Gastronome "Restaurant, formerly the
• ■ Poodle Dog," will remain open at the same
' place as before, the kitchen being under the
direction of one of the best chefs in the city.
A. GAUDARD, Prop., . cor. Bush and Grant.
I, JQSifpIr.'LENOIR. hare ' disposed o&.all in-
terest in the Pup Restaurant and will not be
■ responsible for any bills contracted for after,
, December 21, 189 S. -"...;■ *■.-« ■■-. ■ j
PICTURE framing with glass, now V cheaper,
. than- ever; -7x9 -inches,- 10c; 10x12; 13c; ; 12x16,'
20c; 14x17, 2£c; 16x20. 30c; 18x22, 35c; 20x24, 45c;'
22x28, 60c; curtain poles .complete. • with, wood.
m dr ' brass trimmings, 15c:' room molding, all
• colors, -lc per foot; colored pictures. 1 studies,
etc., 3 for 10c. .JONES, 647. Mission St., bet.
First and Second. Open evenings. : ■:-;.■ ■ j
LEDERER, the hairdresser, has but one price,
»scr all styles; LEDERER'S TOAMO, scpackage;c pack-
age; use no other; switches, SI up; open Sun-
days and .holidays. .9 to 12. :. 123 .Stockton st.
LEDERER' Qulnonia is the one tonic that
■-. helps hair that ie thin or falling out; 35c bot-
■ tie; try it. G. LEDERER,;I23 Stockton st.
JOSEPH GREVEN. • Instructor ' or many now
celebrated singers, will open by request two
classes, each with about 10 pupils, beginning
January, being Impossible to receive the many
applicants for single lessons; classes, month-
ly $2, ensemble and single treatment; only
those enlisting before Christmas accepted.
Rms. 121-122 Murphy bldg., Jones and Market.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's;
highest price: postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
STAMP Albums, best Christmas present; stamps
bought. W. Sellschopp & Co.. US Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market; 200 rooms;
25c to $1 £0 per night; $1 60 to S6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHRISTMAS Japanese bamboo furniture;
all kinds to order: wholesale and retail: coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO.. 213 Sutter.
SUITS to order on installments at. cash prices;
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement; diseases' of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken. ■
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market: men and women teachers.
Sl'iHlTi Al.iS.ll.
attention!
mrs. dr. a. d. howe,
The celebrated medium and clairvoyant of all
clairvoyants, who sees it all, tells you all and
Instantly gives you peace and happiness. She
never asks a question, but before you utter a
word she tells you In full of all that you are
Interested In; business, speculation, love,
marriage, divorce, tells of friends and ene-
mies, locates mines and burled treasures.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. ; The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
All correspondence sacredly confidential.
Treatment and consultation by mail always
satisfactory and most successful. Address or
call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1104 Market St.. S. F.. Th» Vendome.
DR. M. MUEHLENBRUCH, the prophetic seer
and psychometrist, box 118, Oakland. Cal..
diagnoses disease by mall without symptoms
from lock of hair; 5 2-cent stamps; rock from
mines read, $2 60; life readings by mail, $2 50;
send for testimonials.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies; consult
when others fail: slttinsrs SI. 232 Stockton st.
MOTHER SADlE— Materializing seance to-
morrow 12 o'clock; COc. . 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, Independent elate
writing medium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. KATE U. ■-KIN'S, trance medium; read-
Ings dally. $1. .322 S. Spring St., Los Angeles.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Fri., 2 p. m.
Mon.. 8: 25c: sittings SI. 233 Valencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
Permanently Located In San Francisco.
At 1023H Market Street.
Between Sixth and Seventh.
While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
with the one you love no failure, remove Influ-
ence, bad bablts, cures witchery, fits and long-
standing and mysterious diseases; will give cor-
rect Information on law suits, sickness, death,
divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Bend stamp for circular, with special terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 1023V4 Market st.
MADAME -AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader
palmist; truth or no pay; 23c. 1150 'Mission.
BLANCHE de Chapelle, card reading. 417
Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1169 Mission, nr. Bth.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission. .
MME. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pro-
fession, has removed to 218 Stockton st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
■ advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth Bt. • •
•MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
i band's picture, 26c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch of nee of Th» Call.
1 Want ada and subscriptions taken.
PALMISTRY.
' SCIENTIFIC palmistry. MRS. KATE BLAIR,
143 Phelan building, third floor.
DENTISTS.
A Mj : Ar, plate for the tame price as rub-
ber: lull bet of teeth. $6; croT.ns. 13: fill-
ings. 50c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates: light and thin,: guaranteed 10 years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 60c: crowns. $3 60: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns }2, bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates S3: received 8 first prizes;
no Etudentß: guarantee 12 years.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, 15 up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
897 Market St.. corner Sixth. '
FULL set of teeth. $4: fillings. 25c; 22k. gold
crowns. S3; gold bridge, $5; plates repaired:
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS, 969 Mission st. •
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work t.nd fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas Riven..*..
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth,
$4; filling, gold, 60c: silver, 25c; crowns, J3.
THE Esmond dental parlors, 43 6th— Crown and
bridge work specialists; crowns S3; est. 15 yr».
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. •
ALL work reasonable and warranted. PR. J.
.'- W. KEY, 1210 Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 0 cents— Th« Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing. • -
HORSES.
GENTLE black mare. top buggy, harness, etc.;
■;■ cheap; suitable for lady. 1031 McAllister st.
CO HORSES of ever.- description at Emporium
Balesynrds, 220 Valencia St., bet. Thirteenth
and Fourteenth; also | buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.. at your own price. .-..-J';'
40 HORSES for sale: also wagon*, buggtem.
carte, harness; Grand Arcade .Horse Mar-
ket » ttJ Sixth : auction ' sale* every Wednei-
riav STLT.TVAN' Xr DOTT.T; Anctloneem • ■
WAGONS: AND CARRIAGES.
ALL knfds of wagons, carts, ■ buggies, harness;
.V; cheap. A. PHILLIPS, Fifteenth and Valencia.
EXPRESS wb son :! and two horses, for. sale.
N. W.. cor.' Precita nve. and Alabama st. ; '■■■
TVI'K WRITERS.
ALL" typewriters • sold and rented, few partly
used : for "sale cheap; send 1 , 'cr ■ samples and
,. prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, 525; : Callgraph. $16; Yost. 1 »25;
vet sample work. SCOTT, 383 Montgomery ate
MEDICAL. -•. ■■" .
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that Mr». Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk St., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
• cafe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all thoee who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find
her. a true friend; ; home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
. MRS. DR. GWYER. 810 Eddy St.. between
Hyde and Larkln. -
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
-Instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
cure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialists free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WTETH, 203 Turk.st,. near ; Jones. .'
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs^M.~bavias.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
fO years' pratcice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
■ lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 122S Market St.;
pills. $1; very strong. $2. ■
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases i posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per.box. sent free by mall
en receipt of price; consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23 Grant. |
aye., S. F. A ' caution— Before . purchasing i
elsewhere write us. * '•- "
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long-standing:
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure;. no medicine or instruments used; con-
sultation free: pills and capsules, $1; cure $5.
By the well-known ladles' physician for 37 \
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER. 318 Kearny et. • :
A TREATMENT • that restores • instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities. from whatever
cause; no instruments used;- guaranteed cure
at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly: hours
9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122
Market St.. , bet. , Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS— LadIes in trouble see Drg. Good-
win free; reliable, safe and sure; cure in 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints: no Instru-
ments; maternity home; best' medical at-
tendance: cure. $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1862 A Mkt.,bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned spe-
cialist; all monthly, irregularities restored:
whatever cause; all cases relieved immedate-
ly; call or writ?; confidential. 1023% Market.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay st.;
$160. Send 2o stamp for circulars to 'SEQU-
RO MFG. C 0... 631 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU' B 'French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland Cal.'
MRS: ACHARD, midwife; pleasant sunny home
in confinement. '■ 156 Second st. ; tel. Green 52.
Bellevue Sanitarium— cared for during
confinement. 727 Bellevue five. . Los -Angeles.
MONEY: TO LOAN. ■_■ ' ' . ■ ~J'
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land, or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. 'J.
NOONAN, 1017. to 1023 Mission St.. . above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
HIGHLY, respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest ■ rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, room 408, Parrott building.. , , .. ., -
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. •■ New Era Loan Co., • 1003%* Broadway,
Oakland.' Hours, 10 to 3.'. ■ ."•■. :■;•.'-" : " ••'
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no s re-
moval; low rates; nd commission; . $25' up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell' st:
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 2d'
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN.,24 Montgomery, rm. 3.;
DIAMONDS, diamonds: highest amount loaned,
lowest interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
$6000 IN sums to suit; reliable parties.. 120 Ellis
st., room 4, until Jan. 1.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason St., opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister St. •
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY:, 636 Market st.
$50 TO .sso,ooo:. lowest rates; let and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Pryden. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
$1500 WANTED— I year, on good indorsed or
Joint note; will pay good interest. Box
471. Call office. . ■
NOTES discounted; loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery.
SEWING MACHINES. ~
$2 MONTHLY, ■■ rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint '4s.
ALL kinds bought, sold, ■ exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth St.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
HOUSES built for $150 a room and up; repair
-done: will call. GEORGE M. SALSBURY.
I builder. 621 X st.. Sunset -District. ? -
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE. ""~^"~
Beautiful country home, just completed';
large grounds and acreage adjoining If de-
sired; San Mateo Co. Address box 598. Call.
WANTED— Tenant for 5, 10 and 500 acre ranch
at A. M. SPECK & CO.' S, 602 Market st.
FOR Country home of F. S. Wensln-
ger; 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to: owner on premises. Freestone,' Sonoma Co.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGH7~
MAKE $300 a mo: per $100 capital, using Pal-
merston's Business Method of Playing Races;
. can't lose: method & instructions $5. - PAL-
MERSTQN CO.. 731 Sedgwick, Chicago, 111. ...
PRO PERT YAV ANTED. - . ? ■
RANCH wanted in trade for 7-room house; 2
cor, Iota; S. F. ; $3600. J.. Call office. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS.'
6 ROOMS, completely furnished for housekeep-
ing: convenient to steam and electric cars.
Address W. R. HOAG, 108 Montgomery- st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELIT-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT^
ALAIIIEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— 6O cents on the dollar; one 5. one
6 and one 7 room cottage; also for Investment,
two 2-story cottages; pay net 10 per cent;
best location. Apply to A. R. DENKE SR.,
Webster-st. station, narrow-gauge.
HOUSES built to order at your own prices and
on your own terms: call and see plans. J. H.
YOUNG. Builder. 1243 Park st.
BiiHKi,i.fV REAL ESTATE.
PLEASANT home of 7 rooms on Improved
street, for only $2250. O. O. MAY & CO..
2123 Center st. • •
$5500— A FIRST-CLASS investment; house of 13
rooms; near the university; thoroughly well
built: all the latest improvements; street
work all done; leased for $50 net - monthly.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
Berkeley. ■ ." " . . . :
FOR SALE— Fine place In the center of Berke-
ley for chicken ranch, milk ranch or home:
six acres; house, barn, • outhouses, windmill
and all improvements; price $7000.
D. J. TOBIN, Real Estate Agent,
2121 Stanford place.
BIRTHS^-MARRIABES— DEATHS. .
Birth, marriage and "death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication, offices and' be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
.: BORN.
BASSILLTO— this city, December 23, 189?, to
"the wife of J. F. Ba-ssilllo. a daughter.
BLOOM— this city. December 22, IS9S, to the
wife of Herman Bloom, a son.
HEPBURN— In the Potrero, December 24, 1898,
• to the wife of John Hepburn, a daughter.
LEVEY— In thie city, December V to the wife
1 of B. C. Levey, s a daughter. • ; ' : "
RASMUSEN— December 22, 1898. to the wife of
;' Captain W. A. Rasmusen, a son. -
S AKE— this city, December 25, 1898, to the
' wife of M. C. Saxe. a son. : - ; ■ '■ -, ■
.MARRIED. ■ .;.■■•■/•■.
MASTERS— COY— In this : - city. December 25,
; IS9B, at 630 Howard street, .by the Rev. John
A. B. -Wilson. D.D., James E. Masters and
LilllejCoy, both of San : Francisco. _
MIcCONNELC-CHANNELi-In this city," De-
cember 25, 1898. at 643 Howard street,- by the
Rev. John A. B. Wilson. D.D.. Henry Elmer
McConnell and . Maggie Maude Channel, • both
of - San Francisco. ■. . :'.: '. " ■'." •" .■-'
WALLACE— RILEY— In this city, December 23.
■ISSS, at 643. Howard street, by the Rev. John
A. B. Wilson, D.D.. Hugh C. .Wallace of San
' Francisco and Minnie Riley. of Oakland. ,
'■'■•■' -: :: -'..~ :■- DIED." : '.';-..«-'.. : ,^r.
Braesll. . Timothy B. . L Lucas, John -. - i;^> . ."
Ciacclo, Antonio -. Mocker, William '
Colman, -Esther - Marquand.' Felix
Carlisle. Eleanor- M. I MoLaughiln, Joseph. i
Engle, Mary E. ■ I Moren, Cecilia
Fairgrieve, Julia E. Moore, Catherine,
Gaughran, John Roberts, Caroline B.
Glidden, Ada M. " Ray, John F.
Handlos, J. W. -Riley, George F.
" Hall ' Richard J. I Smiley. Orsamus
»' Houriet, Marian O. Shepheard, Philip S.
' Julian, Mrs. Fannie Tobey, Amelia P.
Kelleher, Patrick Whelan, Catherine
Kennedy, Nell
BRASSIL— In Crockett, December 23, IS9B.
Timothy E. Brassll. brother of Mrs. E. Casey,
Mrs. P. Maloney and the late Mrs. Thomas
Walsh, a native of Ballylongford, County
E Kerry, "Ireland, aged 4S years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), on the arrival of the 9:15 boat at
• the foot of MarJ»et street, then.ee, to St. Dotn- '
inlo's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his boul.
Interment- Mount Calvary- Cemetery.
CIACCIO— In. this city, ' December 24, IS9R. An-
tonio, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. G. Ciacclo,
a native of Italy, aged 26 years and 23 days.
C7"Friends und acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 571 - Howard street (rear). Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
COLMAN— In this city, December 25, 1893,
Esther, beloved wife of Abraham Colman,
and dearly beloved mother of Charles and
Daisy Colman and Mrs.. A. Abrahams, and
sister of Mrs. S. Witkowski and Jacob Lowen-
berg of New York, a native of Germany,
aged 58 years and 8 months. ' . . .
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1257 Eddy street, between Laguna
-and Buchanan, and thence 'by 11:30 o'clock
train to Hills of Eternity Cemetery for in-
terment. ■
CARLISLE*— In this city, December 25, 1888,
Eleanor M. Carlisle, a native of Pennsylvania.
ITU" Notice of funeral hereafter.
ENGLE— In this city, December 24, IS9S. Mary
Ellen, dearly beloved wife of Volney 'Engle,
and mother "of Frank T., Lottie A., Charles
E. and Mary Edith Engle, a native of Penn-
sylvania, aged 4S years 2 months and 9 days.
"tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 513 Fulton street, near Octavia.
FAIRGRIEVE— In this city, December 25, 1898,
Julia E., beloved wife of William B. Fair-
grieve, and mother of Mrs. G. F. Wood of
this city and Mrs. C. L. McCrackey of Pes-
cadero, a native of Maine, aged 64 years.
ETFuneral services at Central Methodist
Episcopal Church, at 1 o'clock to-morrow
(Tuesday). .. ,
GAUGHRAN— In this city, . December 25,- 1898.
John, dearly beloved son of James and Mary
Gaughran, and brother of Jennie, Jam.'.-,
Teresa. Robert, Joseph and Frances Gnugh-
ran, Mrs. T. F. Bannon and Mrs. T. W.
Kelly of Santa Cruz, and the late Maggie
Gaughran, a native of Sun Francisco. ■ .
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the. family
residence, 2437 Harrison street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery.
GLIDDEN— this city. December 2:.. IS3B. Ada
M." beloved mother' of Stanley and W. 8. .
Glidden, and daughter of Matilda J. Robert-
son, a native of Oswego, N. V., aged 64. years
6 months and 2."> days. ■ :■•■ :
HANDLOS— this city, December 24, • ISS<B. i
J. W." dearly beloved husband of Theresa
Handlos, ■ and father of Oscar Handlos. Mrs. !
H. E. Van Syckle. Mrs. Royal Cottle and.
Otto, Oswald and Albert Handlos, a native of
Germany, aged 78 yearsl month and 22 days.
tCFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at .2 o'clock, . rrom his late rest"-
dence,' ls7l Fifteenth street, : between Mission
and Howard. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
HOURIET— Oakland, ; December 25, 189S,
Marian Catherine Houriet, mother of Mrs.
Elizabeth Perigo and Mrs: Susan H. Wheeler,
a native of France, aged 70 years 10 months .
and 9 days. ....-.,•. . , .
C?" Notice of funeral hereafter. * \".;-
HALL—In this city, December 25, 1898; Richard
J., beloved son of J. :C.: C. and Nellie Hall, a
native of San Jose, aged 3 -years 6 months
and 19 days.'. ■ . '.:'•--.
JULIAN— Oakland, December 24, 1898. Mrs.
Fanny 'Julian, widow of the late H. Julian,
and mother of G. 'B. Houghton, Miss M.
Julian and Mrs. G. A. Soyer, a native of
Nova Scotia, aged 69 years.
|E7*Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to . attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & C 0.,. 946 Mission street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery. .
KELLEHER— In Oakland, December . 24, IS9B,
Patrick Kelleher, beloved father.. Richard
and William Kelleher, a native of Chare-
vllle. County Cork, Ireland, aged 55 years
and 8 months.
lE?" Friends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
James McManus, Seventh and Castro streets. :
Oakland, thence to the Church of the Im-
maculate Conception, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment St.
■Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
KENNEDY— In this city, December 24, 1898.
Nell Kennedy, late principal Uincon Evening
School, husband of Annie Kennedy, father of,
Christina and Edgar Kennedy, and brother-,
in-law of J. C. Oulnn and J. C. McCormlck.
a native of Stafla, • Canada, aged 65 years
and 6 months. (Nevada City papers please
copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 4095 Eighteenth street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
LUCAS— In this city, December 24, 1898. John,
beloved husband . of - Mary M. Lucas, and '
father of J. William, Lottie, Walter E. and
Katie Lucas, a native of Bromley-Kent,' Eng-
land, aged 75 years. ...
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 131 Twelfth street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MOCKER— In this city. December 24, 1898, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Marie Mocker,
father \of William, Andrew and Edwin
Mocker, Mrs. R. D. Rogers, Mrs. Reuben
Robinson and Mre. C. C. Rivers, and brother
of Rudolph Mocker and Mrs. A. Thomsen, a
native of Plauen, Saxony, Germany, aged 71
years and 3 months. ■
• Friends and acquaintances and members
of Harmony Lodge No. 13, T. O. O. F. . are
respectfully Invited to attend the funeral this
day (Monday), at ; 1 o'clock, from his late
residence, 725 Golden Gate avenue, and thence
to Masonic Temple, ■ where the ■ funeral 1 ser-
vices will be held under the auspices of Her-
mann Lodge No. . 127, F. and A. M.. at 2
o'clock. ' The remains will . be cremated. in
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MARQUAND— In this city, December 24, IS9S,
Felix Marquand, a native of Germany, aged
43 years. . . . ' . *
MCLAUGHLIN— In the City and County Hos-
pital, December 25, ' 1898, Joseph McLaughlin,
a native of Ireland, aged 33 years.
MOREN— In this city, December 25, 1898. Ce-
cilia, beloved wife of George E. Moren, ' a
native of Sweden, aged 36 years 7 months and
IS days. \ ' ■' '■ "
MOORE— In Berkeley, December 24, 1898. Cath-
■ erine, beloved daughter of Richard and
Janian Moore, a native of Berkeley, aged %
years and 3 months. I >>■;; -.
ROBERTS— December 24, 1898. Caroline 8., be-
loved wife of R. S. Roberts, mother of Julie.
Maurice and Joe Roberts, and sister of Mrs. •
Sarah Harris and Abraham Citron, a native
of Poland, aged 50 years. ..... - ...
tCf Friends and Acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral this day
"(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street, and thence
by train leaving Third and Townsend streets
•at 11:30 o'clock. Interment New Salem Ceme-
tery. '-"■'■
RAY— In this city. December 25, 1898. John
Frederick, beloved husband of Annie Ray,
and father of Albert Ray, a native of Nor-,
way aged 38 years 5 months and 14 days. : .
(^Friends and acquaintances are -respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . to-morrow
■ (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors, of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
RILEY— In this city, December 25, 1898, George
F beloved son of James H. and Nellie Riley,
and brother of Sadie, Eddie, Walter, Arthur,
Josie and Maudte Riley, Mrs. T. Manning
and Mrs. Chris O'Brien, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 22 years 2 months and 14 days.
(Boston, Mass., papers please copy.) • , • •
(^"Friends and "acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow,
(Tuesday) at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents,. 768 Bryant street.- Interment
Calvary Cemetery.
SMlLEY— Alameda, December 25, IR9B, Or-
samus Smiley, a native of Augusta, Me.,
aged 75 years and 5 months.
SHEPHEARD— Oakland. December 23, 1898,
at his residence, 676 Sycamore street, Philip
S., youngest son of the late Judge P. W. and
Rachel Shepheard, a native of San Francisco, j
aged 34 years and 6 months. . ' , •
{C^Fiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), '■ at 1:30 o'clock, from,. Trinity
• Church, corner Bush and Oough streets. !( ln- ,
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains ■at
parlors of A. W. Martin & Co., 118 Geary
street. .■ .. ■•=.. --.:.-'•:
TOBEY— In Menlo' Park. December 25. 189S,
Amelia Park, beloved daughter of Curtis and
Julia M. Tobey, and sister of Curtis' Tobey
Jr. and Theodosia Kate Tobey, aged 23 years I
11 months and 21 days. (Boston and Plymouth" \
County, Mass., and Geneva and Waterloo, N. .
V.. papers please copy.)
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
WHELAN— In this city, December 24, 1893,
Catherine, beloved wife of Daniel P. Whe-
lan and mother of Richard I. and Thomas F.
■ Whelan, Mrs. A. Sattler and Mrs. K. ■ Tracey,
: a native of Tlpperary, Ireland, aged 65 years.
ETFriends and- acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited "to attend the funeral •. this day
■ (Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her late real-
• dence, 220 Third avenue, thence to St. Dom- 
' inic's Church, where -a solemn requiem high.
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
; soul, commencing at 11 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. • ■■■■ 
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALrEBI
' '" ■ 80 Fifth St., ' opposite Lincoln School.-.
Telephone South 80. ' ■ '. -J ■ ■ ■
fflcflVOY &: CO., ' • |
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3 I
1286 Market at., between Bth and 9th. I
Telephone, ' South 247. |
910
THE MYSTERIOUS
J. R. PARKER
MATERIALIZES
Says He Was Working
in Stockton.
WAS PROCURING EVIDENCE
DECLARES HE IS NOT A CHICAGO
DEFAULTER.
Will Return to the Windy City to
Answer All Charges Against
Him in the Pending
Suit.
Attorney John R. Parker, who mysteri
ously disappeared from Oakland nearly
three weeks ago, removed all doubts of j
his supposed natural death or suicide last j
night by reappearing at the Galindo Hotel
■a suddenly as he departed.
A telegram was received at that hostel- i
THE "MYSTERIOUS" JOHN R. PAR.
ry yesterday from ODonnell & Brady,
attorneys in Chicago, expressing great
anxiety concerning his whereabouts.
Shortly after arriving at the hotel Attor
ney Parker answered the telegram per
sonally, and later wired his wife in Chi
cago of his safety. He then retired to his
room, leaving word that he wished not
to be disturbed. Parker stated that he
had been to Stockton on strictly legal
business; that when he left here, nearly
three weeks ago, he told the hotel clerk
that he would be absent several weeks.
Yet he expressed no surprise that a bevy
of detectives have been on the lookout for
him and that the wires from Oakland to
Chicago had been kept warm in the hope
of locating him.
"I was in Stockton taking depositions in
a case that is pending in the United
State? Courts, involving over $100,000 of
mineral in Colorado. The. precise nature
of the suit I do not wish to state, for I do
not think it proper for a lawyer to discuss
his client's business.
•'I left Oakland very quietly, because I
was anxious not w let any one know I
wa? going to Stockton on this particular
business. T was ill when I left and also
while 1 was at Stockton, hence I did nut
see much of the newspapers, but I was
surprised to learn this morning that my
disappearance had caused no end of com
ment and attention. To-night I lmemdi
ately telegraphed to O'Donnoll & Brady,
who are friends of mine at Chicago, and
al6o to my wife, of. my safety. '
Mention" was made regarding a pub
lished account of Mr. Parker's connection
with the Kirkbeck Loan and Building As
sociation in Chicago, and the statement
made by Olaf E. Ray of that city to the
effect "that Parker "got away with
175.000."; that he was a defaulter, and that
he was wanted for embezzlement in Chi
cago. I These statements Mr. Parker
branded as falsehoods.
"There is not a bit of truth in them,"
he continued. "I am not in any trouble,
except that I own extensive real estate
Interests, very heavily mortgaged, and
property values have shrunk so greatly
that I cannot carry them any longer. I
have been out here nearly three months,
coming from Batesville. Miss., where I
also have property. There I nearly died
with malaria, so I came to this St.*.te for
my health and business, too, of course.
I am now thinking of locating here and
calculate to sena for my family.
"The published report of my being
wanted in Chicago has no foundation at
all. It's libelous and I possibly shall do
something about it. That I got away with
$75,000 is ridiculous.
"I was at one time secretary of the
Violets
And Lily of the Valley with
Scolloped Gold Edge.
.: Roll Trays, Cracker Jar,
Fruit Plates, Comports.
Given away free with
American's Best
Teas, Coffees, Spices
GreatAmericanlmport'gTea Co.
69 1 Market. »f.T*w*\l 705 Laricln St.
Jo Sixth St. 1410 Pork St.
18 Third St. 1819 Devisadero St.
I 06 Kearny St. 2008 Flllmoro St.
♦6 Ninth St. 521 Montgomery Ay.
: 10 Mission St. 1100 Kentucky St.
I 006 Sixteenth St. 3265 Mission St.
855 Hayes St. 32 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES:
1083WasbtngtonSt. 181 San Pablo At*.
617 Broadway. 016 £■ Twelfth St.
1010 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA— Park St.
.• SAN HaFAEI St.. near Fourth.
We also sell
CFTTfA, Crockery, GLAB6WARH
Chaapsat Price » In 4jnarioa .
Kirkbeck Loan and Building Association
of Chicago, but some time ago a bill was
filed in court for a receiver, and I am
made a party, I believe. I have sent on
for a copy o"f the bill. I can answer in
the suit and can successfully defend it.
for it is false. Of course, I shall have to
go to Chicago to try the case, but I know
that I am not liable and cannot be held
responsible. Before I left I turned all my
books over to the board of directors.
"This man Olaf Ray, who claims to
represent the stockholders, really repre
sents but $50. That is, he holds a claim
for that amount against the association.
All the unpaid bills against the associa
tion will not amount to over $2000 and the
assets are sufficient to pay up everything.
The assets of the company never to my
knowledge amounted at any time to over
$25,000. The bill for a receiver does not
affect me, and I am not liable, for I
haven't one cent of the money in my pos
session. It does not worry me, and I am
amused over the published reports."
FUN AMONG THE NURSES.
Brilliant Christmas Tree at the City
and County Hospital.
The nurses In the City and County Hos
pital Training School held a Christmas
merry-making in their quarters at that
institution Friday evening, the guest of
honor being Miss Mary Patton, the princi
pal of the school and head nurse of the
hospital. Generous donations from
friends interested in their welfare enabled
the young ladies to handsomely adorn a
noble tree with brilliant lights, ornaments
and gifts.
The chief event of the evening was the
presentation by Miss Julia M. Ksne, nurso
in charge of the general operating room,
to Miss Patton of a handsome alligator
skin traveling bag, fitted with sfiver
mounted toilet articles, the gift being
made on behalf of the members of the
training school. Miss Kane, in making
the presentation, made a touching refer
ence to the high esteem in which Miss
Patton is held by her subordinates.. The
recipient of the gift in a few well chosen
words expressed the surprise and pleasure
afforded by the evidence of their goodwill.
After the distribution of gifts from the
tree to every one present general hilarity
prevailed— songs, with piano and mandolin
selections, and other amusements made
the evening vanish all too quickly until
supper was announced and the nurses en
joyed a feast of good things.
fHE BOSENTHAL RECITALS.
Three Grand Programmes to Be
Played by the World's Great
est Pianist.
The long-promised visit of Rosenthal,
who has been pronounced throughout
Europe and the United States as the
greatest living pianist, will occur at Met
ropolitan Hall on Tuesday and Thursday
evenings, January 3 and 5, and Saturday
afternoon, January 7, at half-past 2.
During Rosenthal's recent triumphs In
New York City an eminent critic re
marked: "That artist has no living rival,
and in greatness can only be compared to
Liszt and Rubinstein." The sale of seats
for the n?oi;als will begin at Sherman,,
Clay & Co.'s to-morrow morning, and th*
programmes are as follows:
Tuesday evening, January 3-.Sonata, Op 109
(Beethoven); carnival (Schumann); (a) Ber
ceuse (b) barcarole, (c) deux nouvelles etudes,
(d) valse. D flat major (Chopin) a Ptudy by
Rosenthal: (c) "Linden Tree" (Sehuzert-T.i'sz.t i
(f) At the Fountain" (Davidoff); fantasle,
Don Juan" (Llpzt).
Thursday evening. January 6— Sonata, A ma
jor (Mozart); (a) sonata, Op. 35. B Hat minor,
(b) preludes, (c) etude. (d) valse Op 42
(Chopin); variations (on a theme by Pa*aninl)
Op. 35 (Brahms); (a) romanze, (h) paplllonp
(c)- "Vienna Carnival" (Moriz Rosenthal) on"
themes by Johann Strausp.
Saturday afternoon, January 7— Sonata On
% A flat ma -l or (Weber* ; etudes symphon'iqu«-s
(Schumann); (a) nocturne, (b) valse Od 42
(c) scherzo (Chopin); (d) miniatures, (c) ''Tol
reador et Andalouse)) (Rubinstein); rhapsodies
hongroises (Liszt).
The inquiry for seats has already been
very large, and the recitals will undoubt
edly be striking musical events
The Story of the Star.
Rev. John A. B. Wilson delivered a very
able Christmas sermon in the Howard
street M. K. Church yesterday on "The
Story of the Star." It was a critical re
view of the origin and progress of Chris
tianity with comments on the successes
and mistakes of the early followers of
Christ, -with comments upon the neglect
which enabled the promoters of Buddhism
to successfully spread their doctrine
among the millions of the Chinese em
pire, to the exclusion of the word of God
Had the behest of the Savior been obeyed
this countless race would now have been
among the most earnest believers of
Christian teachings and the great battle
of redemption that is now being fought
would have been unnecessary. The bur
den of the sermon was that young and
old should go into the forefront of the
contest and stoutly aid in the spreading
of the true gospel.
Death of Mrs. Whelan.
Mrs. Catherine Whelan, mother of
Sheriff Richard I. Whelan, died yesterday
at her residence, 20 Third street, in
the sixty-fifth year of her age. The de
ceased was a native of Ireland, having
been born in Tipperary County, but for a
number of years she had lived in San
Francisco. She was the wife of Daniel
P. Whelan. and in addition to Sheriff
Whelan leaves the following children:
Thomas F. Whelan, Mrs. A. Sattl»r and
Mrs. K. Tracey. The funeral will take
place to-day^t 11 o'clock. There will be
a solemn requiem iiigh mass at St. Dom
inic's Church at that hour, and the inter
ment will be at Mount Cavalry Cemetery.
Landed in the Creek.
The flying leap of Charles Conlon, the
aeronaut at Glen Park, yesterday was
not particularly satisfactory to him owing
to the fact that he landed with his para
chute in the creek and received a very
cold bath. Otherwise his effort was suc
cessful.
In the vaudeville amphitheater the prin
cipal numbers included Badger and Wal
ton, musical artists, ventriloquism by H.
C. Hazard, tenor solo by Arthur Salvlnl,
Dutch comedy by Barney Reynolds, and
triple bar acrobatics by Cojtoa ajud. Moll. |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, MONDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1898.
CONVINCED THAT
HIS NAMESAKE
WAS MURDERED
Startling Statement of
an ex-Soldier.
TRAGEDY AT YOUNTVILLE
HE CAUSES THE DETENTION OF
VETERAN RAY.
Considerable Mystery Attached to
the Death of an Inmate of
the Soldiers'
Home.
John Ray, a Grand Army veteran, was
detained for several hours at police head
quarters last night. Another ex-soldier
named Edward Tully was responsible for
his detention. Tully informed the police
that Ray was wanted in Napa County
for complicity in the alleged murder of
a namesake, whom he claimed was beaten
to death in the Soldiers" Home at Yount
ville. According to his story the victim
was assaulted by the steward of the horn.c
with a club. His head was split open, but
In order to shield the wielder of the club
Kay induced the steward to skip out.
Ray, he claimed, was a witness to the
assault, and on learning that he was to
be arrested as an accessory to the crime
he also made his escape. The victim of
the brutal assault, he declared, was put
on a train in a half dying condition and
sent to this city. Two weeks later he
diod from the effects of the clubbing, so
Tully claimed.
Since then Tully has been looking for
Ray, intending to have him arrested as
an accessory to the alleged murder. I>ast
evening he happened to visit a saloon n
Market street and to his surprise he saw
Ray standing against the bar. in the act
of drinking a glass "f U-t-r. Tully called
the bartender to one side and Instructed
him to keep an eye on Hay until he noti
fied the police, lie then hurried to police
headquarters and informed Captain Bohen
of the alleged crime and the part that he
believed Ray to have played in it.
Bohfii at once sent one of his men to
the saloon to arrest Ray. When taken
Into custody he denied knowing anything
about the alleged murder, but willingly
consented to accompany the officer to
police headquarters. Tully again told his
story. , laiming that Ray witnessed the
assault and assisted in the escape of the
steward. IK wanted him locked up as an
accessory and even volunteered to swear
to a complaint against him.
Captain Bohen refused to throw Kay in
jail, but took his address so if he is really
wanted he could be easily found. Ray
was then released after being detained for
several hours.
Ray denies that the victim of the as
sault died from the effects of the beating
he received. Ray says the steward struck
him with a club, but claims that the blow
did not seriously injure him. Tully, he
said, did not leave the home for several
days and then came to this city.
Ray declares that Tully is opposed to
him and that he mads complaint in order
to cause trouble.
An examination of the records of the
Coroner's office shows that Tom Tully
died on January 15, 1897, the cause of his,
death being given as cirrhosis of the liveiT
His namesake claims that after he
nctaed this city the wound in his head
me worse and he was forced to go
he City and County Hospital, where
lied a short time afterward. The
• ■ intend to further investigate
s story.
A Symposium.
The regular meeting of the Theosophical
Society was held last night in the hall in
the building of the Academy of Sciences.
H. H. Summers presided and R. C. Krouse
presented the objects of the universal
brotherhood organization. The meeting
was in the nature of a symposium and the
speakers of the evening were H. P. Lead
er, Mrs. H. H. Summers and Dr. Allen
Griffiths. The subject that was discussed
was "The Savior of the World." The lines
along which the addresses were delivered
were that there is a common religion,
that according to the belief of the differ
ent sects it is presented in a different
form, but that virtually they are all one
and the same in that they have a com
mon end, the salvation of man.
Christmas Festival.
There was a grand festival and ball
given at Turner Hall last night for the
benefit of the San Francisco Tageblatt.
It had been arranged for by the ladies'
auxiliary of the society. The children
were each given a beautiful present, and
there were also a number or handsome
prizes that were raffled for by those pres
ent. The occasion was a complete and
most gratifying success.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKT ii
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It Is pure.
Bit His Partner's Ear.
John Domondin, a baker, was arrested
last night by Officer Cleve Peters and
charged with mayhem at the California
street station. Domondin and his partner,
G. Latopia, became engaged in a drunken
brawl at their bakery at the. corner of
Montgomery avenue and Vallejo street,
and Domondin getting the worst of the.
fight secured a good hold on Latopia'a
ear with his teeth. When the two men
were separated Latopia's ear was nearly
bitten off. Domondin was placed under
arrest and Latopia was treated by a doc
tor.
Anakesls cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address Anakesls. New York. •
It is stated that squirrels are becom
ing very common in Ireland.
"TACKS" TAKES
A FRESH GRIP
ON THE GAME
Parrott Appears With
a Rejuvenated Face.
OAKLAND DEFEATS SEATTLE
OPENING GAME OF THE PACIFIC
COAST CHAMPIONSHIP.
Several Episodes, Including the
Eclipse of Napoleon Bonaparte Fa
gan and McDonald's Wild
Dream of Turkey.
Yesterday marked an epoch in the
career of Mr. "Tacks" Parrott. When
Tacks came down here with the Seattle
ball aggregation to contest championship
honors with the California League teams,
his face was concealed under a bunch of
whiskers resembling a stack of alfalfa.
Tacks was not beautiful, but he bore the
adverse criticisms until the Chinese
chambermaid at the hotel where he is
stopping plunked into his room yesterday
morning while Tacks was lying in bed
and spying those whiskers made some
audible and slighting comments on the
shameful conduct of a man who would
rip open a nice hair mattress and strew
the contents around in that fashion.
So Tacks got a shave and felt so re
juvenated that in the afternoon he went
out to Recreation Park and covered him
self with glory and the lot with base hits.
Parrott was the central figure, in the
opening: game between Seattle and Oak
land, and although he went down to de
feat with his associates, the fault was not
hi*. Tacks did more than his share to
win the game, tearing off live hits, includ
ing a double and a triple, and had not
Scotty McDonald been so overcome by
visions of turkey and Its accessories that
he could not see. where the ball went
when Andrews delivered it, the result
might have been reversed.
It was not until the seventh that Scotty
got hit in the eye with the wraith of the
bird of freedom. l T p to that time he had
got along comfortably, giving his de
cisions with judgment and impartiality.
Tht-n he became crosseyt-d. gave An
drews a bad time of It on balls and
strikes until the visiting pitcher lost his
nerve ami the game.
One of the most joyous incidents of the
day was the ejection of Napoleon Boaa
parte Fagan from the Held, being a fore
cast of what may be expected when the
new management takes possession of the
California League the first of the year.
Once upon a time N. B. Fagan was the
so-called manager of an alleged ball team,
and ever since those memorable days the
aforesaid N. B. K. lias been unable to see
a game from the grand stand, but insists
upon getting out on the Held with the
players, distracting the attention of the
spectators from the game to his own com
manding figure and otherwise interfering
with the proceedings. Yesterday Fagan
established his back against hi* favorite
plank, but had hardly got settled before
a policeman was given the tip and ran
him and several satellites under the
grand stand. And the crowd applauded
Napoleon's exit.
As for the game itself, it was interest
ing, though far from thrilling. The Se
attles are a likely lot of young men who
hit the ball hard and often, but they were
unfortunate in the matter of bunching
or in placing it safe when runners
were on the paths. However, Manager
Drydale is so well satisfied with his team
that he wagered $100 with Cal Ewing that
Seattle would beat Oakland In the game
scheduled January 2. both teams to be
made up the same as yesterday.
For three innings they went along on
even terms. Then Oakland began the
trouble In the fourth on Range's double
and Hammond's long fly to left, Lange
beating the ball in. Seattle went the
Athenians one better in the fifth, when
Hopkins reached first on Schmeer's error,
was sacrificed to second by Rand and
scored on "Soap" Babbitt's single. Soap
slipped down to second and was driven
home on Parrott's shot left.
A balance was struck in Oakland's half,
Sullivan being soaked in the slats, going
to second on O'Neil's grounder to right,
third on a passed ball and scoring on trie
throw down to second to catch Doyle.
Then in the seventh the Californians took
two more. Hardie was safe on O'Dea's
error (that young man made a hatful
of them during the day), went to second
on Sullivan's grounder to first, was
pushed along to third on bases on balls
to O'Neil and Doyle and scored on Dono
van's long fly to left. O'Neil and Doyle
tallied on Schmeer's single to left, the
latter crossing the plate on Murphy's
double.
After Seattle had made two runs in the
eighth and three singles, an out, a steal
and a wide throw, Oakland clinched the
game with four more runs. By that time
Andrews had become discouraged and let
down in his work, and the tallies were
due to a combination of hits and errors.
Seattle got two more men around in the
ninth, but were still four runs shy when
the trouble ended with the following
score:
SEATTLE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Babbitt, b. s 5 2 115 2 1
Parrott, lb 5 16 0 7 10
• lark, c. t 5 11110 0
Anderson. 2b 5 0 110 11
ODea. 3b 4 0 0 0 1 2, 4
Hartman, c 4 0 0 0 4 4 0
Hopkins, r. f 3 10 0 4 0 0
Rand, 1. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Andrews, p 4 1110 2 0
Totals 39 6 9 4 24 12 6
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
Donovan, c. t 5 0 1 1 1 0 1
Brhm«>Pr, a. a 5 110 6 2 2
Murphy, lh 6 0 1 0 11 1 1
Langp. 3b 3 12 0 3 10
Hammond. 2b 3 10 114 0
SOME THINGS THOT HELPED OAKLAND TO WIN.
Hardle. r. f 4 3 0 0 1 0 0
Sullivan, c 3 2 113 11
CVNeil, 1. f 3 2 0 0 0 0 0
Doyle, p 2 10 10 3 0
Totals 33 10 6 4 27 12 6
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 00020022—8
Base hits 10 102013 I—9
Oakland 00011044 •— lO
Base hite 10010121*— 6
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Doyle I. Three-base hits
— Lange, Parrott. Andrews. Murphy. Sullivan.
Sacrifice hits— Rand. Double play— Hammond
to Murphy to Lange. Hit by pitcher— Hopkins,
Clark. Sullivan. Left on bases— Seattle 1. Oak
land 3. First base on errors— Seattle 1. Oak
land. Base on balls— Oakland 6. Struck out—
by Doyle 2, by Andrews 4. Wild pitches-
Andrews. Time of game — Two hours. Umpire,
McDonald. Scorer— Stapleton.
To-Day's Game.
The Athletics will go against the
visitors to-day at Recreation Park. There
will be several changes in the Seattle's
make-up. Babbitt will pitch, Drydale is
likely to catch and Klinbur is slated for
short. The line-up of both teams follows:
Seattle. Athletics.
Babbitt Pitcher Iberg
Hartman or
Drydale Catcher Lohman
Parrott First base Stulty
Anderson Second baue Eagan
ODea Third base Johnston
Kleiber Shortstop Krug
Rand Left field McCarty
Clark Center field Meaney
Hopkins Right field Hlldebrandt
ON ASPHALT COUHTS.
Much. Close and Exciting Lawn Ten
nis Played During the Christ
mas Holidays.
Many close and interesting games were
played on the asphalt courts of the Cali
fornia Lawn Tennis Club yesterday and
on Saturday afternoon. A. Buckley and
L. Harris played against J. Mcßride and
W. Landry for the "Alaskan champion
ship," the best out of five sets. On Satur
day the score was two sets all, Buckley
and Harris winning the first and third
sets and Mcßride and Landry proving
victors in the second and fourth. Yester
day, after an exciting contest, the fifth
and deciding set was won by Mcßride and
Whitney. The score stood thus: 10—12,
6—2, 3—6, 6—3, 7—5.
R. Whitney beat George Whitney, 6—4,
und George Whitney beat R. Whitney,
J. Dally beat W. S. McGavln, 6—l, 6—l,
6-2.
H. Walter beat W. S. McGavin 6—4.
H. Walter beat A. Carrigan, 6—2.
A. Carrigan beat Grant Smith, 6—4.
Grant Smith beat A. Carrigan, 7—5.
Grant Smith beat Chesebrough, 6—3,
4—6, 6—4.
George Bradshaw and R. Whitney beat
G. Whitney and Werner Stauf, 7—5, 3—6,
6--», 6—3.
Barclay Henley Jr. beat S. Salisbury,
6—l. I—6, 10—8.
To-day there will be a double tourna
ment, the pairs being drawn by lot. for
two racquets or other prizes suitable for
lawn tennis players offered by the direc
tors of the club. It is quite likely that
Dr. J. Warne Phillips, a professor In the
State Vniversity of Nevada and holder
of the Nevada single championship, who
is visiting this city, will play to-day in
the courts. J. Hoffman Is down from
Jamestown, and will take the opportunity
of renewing his acquaintance with the
game.
Miss Alice Hoffman, the champion
among the lady members of the Cali
fornia Club, is enjoying herself In the
Hawaiian Islands, where there is no lady
who is a match for her. Miss Marian
Jones, lady champion in singles of the
Pacific Coast, and who came within an
ace of winning the United States cham
pionship, intends to try again for the
honor, and previous for her departure for
the East will practice for a few weeks
with J. Daily. The exhibition games re
cently played on the club courts for the
benefit of J. Daily, the courtkeeper, were
very well attended, many old players of
note being present and taking a hand in
the game. J. Daily desires through the
press to thank all those who kindly con
tributed toward making his benefit a suc
cess.
BACING AT INGLESIDE.
The Christmas Handicap at Two
Miles the Feature of the Card.
The feature of the racing card at Ingle
side this afternoon will be the Christmas
handicap, over two miles. A race for gen
tlemen riders is also down for decision.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race — Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
selling:
40S Nora Ives 106 403 Punpralse 109
402 Ann Page 100 353 Abano 100
355 Good Hope 100 394 Casdale 109
... Florence Fink. ..loo 391 The Fretter ....103
402 Stamina 1031
Second Race — One and a quarter miles; han
dicap; over five hurdles:
40T> Reddington 162 285 Kaiser L.udw1g.,135
405 Viking 158 405 Rossmore 130
253 J O. C 155 405 Durward 128
405 Granger 150 354 University 127
405 Tortonl 140 393 Diabllta 125
405 P. F 135 357 San Carlos ....127
Third Race— One mile; gentlemen riders:
384 Kal Moi 1701 411 Hazard 170
Mr. Dunphy. Mr. Forsland.
401 T"na C010rad0... 170 374 Collins 170
Mr. Hobart. Mr. Skinner.
360 Anabasis 170 356 Filou 170
Mr. Sink. Mr. Hugh Hume.
Fourth Race — Two miles; Christmas handi
cap; purse, $1500:
411 Our Johnny 103 352 Buckwa 121
362 G. B. Morris. ..lo7 387 Dr. Bernays.... 90
Mldian 102 376 Morellito 117
( SDScarborough ....1241 410 Lady Hurst ....101
381 David Tenny 1081 410 Prince Blazes .. 95
Fifth Race— Six furlongs; handicap:
(383)Bendoran 110 396 Valenclenne 97
(341) May \V 119 (413) Ed Oartland 11. 92
(40C)Paul Grtggs 115 406 Novia .'..90
413 Mainstay 107 413 Bonnie lone .... 87
Sixth Race — One and a sixteenth miles; han
dicap:
389 Mistral II 109! (410) Daisy F 98
(414)Rey del Tierra-.104| 388 Sardonic 95
352 Our Climate ....102!
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Casdale, Good Hope, The Fretter.
Second Race — Durward, Kaiser Ludwlg, J.
O. C.
Third Race — Collins, Anabasis, Una Colorado.
Fourth Race— G. B. Morris, Buckwa, Lady
Hurst.
Fifth Race— Paul Grlggs, May W, Bendoran.
Sixth Race— Daisy F. Rey del Tierra, Sar
donic.
A Hamburg- inventor has devised a
penny-in-the-slot machine which sells
milk and keeps the glasses clean, clos
ing up when i: is empty. It is to be
used especially for schools.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Colored and Black
DRESS GOODS.
We will place on sale
this week some Extraordi-
nary Values in Colored and
Black Novelty Dress Goods,
and ask special attention to
the following :
Two
Special
Bargains !
TBL.BPHONB GRANT 184.
Ml. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
gOLDBERG
BQWEN
& CO.
Merry
Christmas
For your entertaining we
have the wines connoisseurs
prize — we believe our wine
cellar is supplied with a
greater variety of high grade
wines than is to be found
anywhere else in America
Bonbons cordials
dinner favors cigars
4}s Pine 315 S utter aBoo California San Francisco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth i Oakland
FOR THE HOLIDAYS
Large and Well-
Assopted Stock of
OPERA GLASSES, FIELD GLASSES,
i LORGNETTES, OPERA - GLASS
BAGS. GOLD SPECS AND EYE-
GLASSES. __
PRICES WITHIN REACH OF ALL.
OPEN EVENINGS, Beginning December 12.
14 and 16 Kearny St.
X. HESS,
JTOTABY PUBLIC AND ATTOBNXT-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus ' Spreckels Bldg.
. Telephone Brown : 931. .
Residence, 821 California St., below Powell.
Ban Francisco.
Radway's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild ' and reliable. Causa
perfect ■ digestion, complete = absorption ; and
healthful regularity. ,
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities, Sick . Headache. Biliousness, Cob-
•tipation. Piles ■ and all derangements of th.
Internal Viscera. 25 eta. a box. At Drugglit*.
or tor mall. RADWAT * CO.. Now York, ■ .
100 pieces Silk and Wool
and All-Wool NOVEL-
TY FRENCH and ENG-
LISH DRESS GOODS,
42, 44 and 48 inches
wide.
Price 50c lard,
Regular value $1.00 and $1.25,
75 pieces BLACK FIG-
URED NOVELTY
DRESS FABRICS,
English manufacture,
goods full 44 inches
wide and a splendid
variety of new de-
signs.
Price $1.25 Yard.
Worth $1.50 and $1.75 yard.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
—OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE—
Helvetia Swiss Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALL, SWITZERLAND, ON THB
31st day of December, A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day. as made to th.
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
•10 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS. -
Cash market value of all stocks and - -
bonds owned by company, $449,362 M
Cash in company's office 41 15
Cash in banks 117. CM 11
Interest due ' and accrued on all
stocks and loans 5.518 M
Premiums in due course of collection 71,129 «0
Total assets 1841,677 »
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $5,733 54
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense 17,007 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 6, 10t 95
Gross premiums on fire risks run- <
ning one year or less, $305,750 28;
reinsurance 50 per cent....' :.... 152.875 14
Gross premiums on fire risks run- ,
ning more than one year, $50,761 12;
reinsurance pro rata....... IO.SCI 74
Due and accrued for salaries, rents.
etc ISO
All other demands against th« com-
pany SO, 027 M
Total liabilities $251,530 M
INCOME.
Uet cash actually received for flr«
premiums $348,041 94
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources..... 22.724 S3
Total Inuome $388,783 7»
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding $15,702 54, losses of previous
years) ". •••• •-- $99,623 51
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 82,397 13
Pa!d for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 1.635 00
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 4,91115
All other payments and expendi-
tures •••• 14,004 it
Total expenditures $203,564 11
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $120,263 77
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $46,867,203 : $456,581 13
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 81,500,088 318,371 II
Net amount in force De- - m ~.L.
cember 31. 1897 36,055.649 356,511 40
~~~ - ELIJAH R. KENNEDY.
; Of Weed & Kennedy.
' United States Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 214
day of February, ■g*^*. Notary Publli.
* F. FISHBECK, Notary Publlo.
SYZ Sc CO,,
General Agents,
301 California Street.
SAN FRANCISCO. •;
.—. — <
" DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
medical:
DISCOVERY
. FOR THE
BLOOD,LIVER,HJIMGS;
DR.MCNULTY.
q^IIIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
' X. specialist Private, Nervous, aid Blood Dis-
eases o/ Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men.free. Over 20 yV experience.
Pntientscurediu Home. Terms reasorable. Hoursl '
t0 3 da11y ; 6.30 to 8:» ev'gs. Sundays, 1 ' to 12. Consul,
tation free and sacredly confidentiaL Call.or address
P. ROSCOE JIfMI.TV M.». • ;
26' i Keariiy St., San Fr&scisco. Cal*