VOLUME L.XXXIIT.— NO. 161.
SAMPSON LYING IN WAIT
FOR THE SPANISH FLEET
Admiral Sampson's Fighting Ships, the New York Leading.
AMERICAN ARMY TO
BE LANDED IN CUBA
BY SUNDAY NEXT
First Detachment of a Force of Sixty-One Thousand
Men Will Soon Be Marching Upon
Havana.
NEW YORK, May 9.— The B.er
ild's Washing-ton correspondent tele
graphs: All necessary preparations
were made to-day in the War Depart
ment to send an army, consisting of
both volunteers and regulars, of over
31,000 men to invade Cuba.
The first detachment of this army
arill be in Cuba by Sunday next and
Kdll immediately establish a base of
supplies for United States troops.
The entire policy of the adminis
tration has been changed since the
day the news of Admiral Dewey's
[*reat victory reached Washington.
From a defensive plan of operation
the Government has now taken a
tnost aggressive stand. In the Cabi
net meeting to-day final arrange
ments were made which it is hoped
will culminate in the capture by the
United States army and navy of all
the Spanish possessions. It was de-
Mded by the President and his Cabi
net that it would be much better to
await a report from Admiral Samp
son before the grand invasion of
Cuba was begun. I am informed
:hat the administration fully expects
:o receive a definite report from Ad
miral Sampson by Thursday of this
;veek, and it is hoped that in this re
port the danger hitherto experienced
Prom the Spanish armada will be en
tirely eliminated. As soon as this
report is received at the Navy De
partment orders will be immediately
sent to General Shafter, commanding
the regular army at Tumpa, Fla., to
nove at once upon Cuban soil.
When the regular army has de
parted from Tampa orders will be
sent to 45.000 volunteer troops
which are to be this week mobilized
at Cbickamauga to at once advance
tn three divisions to Tampa, Mobile
md New Orleans.
It is believed General Shafter and
xi» army -will be able in one short
; and decisive engagement to capture
a base of supplies and to force a
junction with the army of General
Gomez. Captain Dorst, whj has just
returned to the United States from
I Cuba, has made all necessary prepa
rations in regard to such a juncture
between United States troops and
| their Cuban allies. General Gomez
I has at present complete knowledge
j of the military plans of the United
I States and he is gathering his army
j preparatory to joining the first force
of United States regulars.
General Shafter, as soon as his
first work has been accomplished,
will immediately send a report to the
War Department and orders will be
sent by Secretary Alger to General
Wade, who will be in command of
45,000 troops concentrated at Tam
pa, Mobile and New Orleans, to at
once begin the transportation of his
army to join the command of Gen
eral Shafter. Preparations for hav
ing a sufficient number of transports
on hand at these three points are be
ing rushed by the quartermaster
general of the army. Not the slight
est difficulty is expected from this
source.
The entire ?nvading army after
concentration in Cuba will be divided
into three corps, commanded re
spectively by Major-General Wade,
Major-General Coppinger and Major-
General Shafter. Owing to the strong
desire which has been expressed by
General Miles to be commander in
chief of the army actively engaged in
Cuba, he and his entire staff will be
at the head of the army when the
attack on Havana is begun. General
Wade, being the senior major-general
of the three corps commanders, will
rank as second in command.
I am also assured that General
Fitzhugh Lee, at his own most urg
ent request, will be in command of a
The San Francisco Call
division of the Cuban army. Fight-
ing Joe Wheeler will in all proba
bility be in command of the cavalry
in Cuba.
So anxious is the War Department
to expedite the movements of tne in
vading army that it will not wait
for the volunteer army to be fully
equipped with the regulation uni
form. Those troops already sup
plied with uniforms from their na
tional guard service will be expected
to use the same while in Cuba. In
case a regiment lacks the necessary
equipment it will be supplied by the
quartermaster's department with
plain blue blouses. These will con
stitute their uniforms.
The Government has already pro
vided all necessary weapons and arn
miinition for those volunteer troops
not already equipped. No difficulty
will be experienced in this regard.
LONG'S INSTRUCTIONS
TO COMMODORE DEWEY.
Remarkable for Their Terseness,
Conciseness and Compre
hensiveness.
WASHINGTON. May 9.— lt has been
known for Rome time to a few people
in the administration circles and at the
Navy Department that the orders sent
'to Admiral Dewey under which he
made the attack on Manila were re
markable for terseness, conciseness and
comprehensiveness. Efforts to secure
the text of the order have been un
availing up to to-day, when the Presi
dent referred to it in a message sent to
Congress by him relative to the thanks
to Dewey. This made it proper to be
published as part of the record under
which Congress was to proceed. This
is the text of the order:
WASHINGTON, April 24.
Dewey, Hongkong, China: War has
commenced between Spain and the United
States. Proceed at one« to Philippine
Islands. Commence operations at once,
particularly against the Spanish fleet.
You must capture vessels or destroy
them. Use utmost endeavors.
LONG.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MAY 10, 1898.
EXPECTS TO
ENGAGE IT IN
ANOTHER DAY
TORPEDO-BOAT
WINSLOW FIGHTS
THREE WARSHIPS
Small American Craft Puts to
Flight Spanish Gunboats After
a Spirited Encounter.
KEY WEST, Fla., May 9.— There waa
rejoicing here to-night when the dis
patch-boat brought news of an en
counter that took place off Cardenas
Bay yesterday afternoon between the
torpedo-boat Winslow and three Span
ish gunboats, in which one of the gun
boats was apparently disabled and all
were put to flight.
The Winslow was steaming In with
that in her demeanor that hinted that
she had no Intention of stopping right
away. There was agitation in the sig
nal station, and in a short time flaga
fluttering hysterically spread the mes
sage that the American vessel was
nearly to the range buoy.
Three gunboats slipped their cables
and ran bravely out to their safety
limit. Every Spaniard aboard expected
to see the American blown out of the
water. Three 6-pounders crackled and
three shells threw waterspouts about
the Winslow, but she was not struck.
The Winplow drove straight ahead,
attacking the boats. Lieutenant Ber
nadou no sooner saw the first white
smokopuffs from the Spanish guns than
he gave the word to the men already
stationed at the two forward one
pounders, which barked viciously and
flotilla.
On plunged the Winslow to within
1500 yards of the gunboats, while the
row raised by the rapid-fire one
pounders was like a rattling tattoo.
The Spaniards were apparently stag
gered at this fierce onslaught, single
handed, and fired wildly on seeing their
pretty plan all gone wrong. The Wins
low now swung around broadside to
bring her two after-guns to bear as
the Spanish fleet scattered, and lost
their formation.
The Winslow soon maneuvered so
that she was -"npertng at all threu
gunboats at once. The sea was very
heavy, and the knifelike torpedo rolled
so wildly that it was impossible to do
good gun practice from her decks; but
despite this big handicap, the rapidity
of her fire and remarkable effectiveness
under the circumstances demoralized
all three opponents, which, after tho
Winslow had fired about fifty shells,
began gradually to work backward to
ward the shelter of the harbor.
They were still hammering away with
their 6-pounders, but after the first fire
were wild, and seemed to be vaguely
shooting at the wide, wide world. Sev
eral shells nassed over the Winslow and
one exploded 100 feet astern, but the
others were shorter, considerably off
one side.
At last one pound shell from the
Winslow went fair and true and struck
the hull of the gunboat Pinzon a little
aft of amidships, apparently exploding
on the inside. The Winslow men yelled.
The Pinzon stopped, evidently dis
abled, while, one of her comrades went
to her assistance.
By this time the Spanish boats had
retreated nearly to a position where
they could not be followed because of
mines and torpedoes.
The Pinzon got under way slowly and
limped homeward with the help of a
tow line from her consort*
During this episode the Machias re
turned and when within the two mile
range let fly two 4-inch shells from her
starboard battery which accelerated
the Spanish flight.
The Winslow's crew was indignant
at this interruption of their sport, and
one of the gunners said to Ensign Bag
ley:
"Signal the Machias to clear out, sir,
and let us have a show."
But the flotilla managed to creep
back into Cardenas harbor in safety.
MADRID, May 9.— An official dis
patch from Havana asserts that an
American cruiser and a large torpedo
boat attempted to force the Cardenas
channel and opened fire on the Span
ish gunboats Antonio Lopez, Ligra and
Alerta. After a half-hour's engage
ment the American warships, the dis
patch says, were "forced to retreat."
Hempmill Destroyed.
GRIDLEY, May 9.— The large hempmill
belonging to John Heanev on Feather
River, three miles northeast of here,
caught fire to-da- from a hot journal.
The mill waa burned and $4000 worth of
hemp in bales waa destroyed. The entire
loss will reach $3000.
Officials Are All Confident
of Victory— The Ore
gon's Danger.
NEW YORK, May o — The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Having definite information that the
Spanish fleet which left St. Vincent ten
days ago is not at the Canaries or at
Cadiz, the authorities confidently pre
dict that Rear- Admiral Sampson will
engage it in battle within the next
forty-eight hours. In this event the
battle will occur in the vicinity of San
Juan.
There are two other points at which
the enemy may first make its appear
ance _j n the track of the battle-ship
Oregon and her consorts, the gunboat
Marietta and the cruiser Nicthc-oy,
which arrived to-day at Bahia. Brazil,
or along the North Atlantic coast .of
the United States. But the necessity
of securing coal will compel it to ulti
mately proceed to its base in Porto
Rico, and there it will fin 1 awaiting it
its fate in the shape of a division of the
North Atlantic squadron under com
mand of Rear-Admiral Sampson.
This has been a day of exciting ru
mors at the Department. It was posi
tively announced at the close of office
hours that there has been no engaee
ment as reported: that the Montgomery
had not been pursued by the Spanish
cruiser Vizcaya. and that consequently
Rear-Admiral Samnron's fleet and none
of its members had been destroyed.
That startling news is expected mo
mentarily is shown by the tension ex
isting in official circles. Confident that
Rear-Admiral Sampson with the force
at his disposal will be able to crush the
Spanish squadron, the Naval War
Board, which was in session to-day.
did not concern itself so much with his
movements as with r plan to be adopt
ed to secure the safety of the battle-ship
Oregon and the vessels accompanying
her. As soon as the announcement of
the arrival of the battle-ship at Bahia.
Brazil, was received at the Department
from Captain Clarke, her commanding
officer, the matter was at once referred
to the board, and as the result of its
deliberations there is reason to believe
that instructions have been sent to Cap
tain Clarke for his observance. The
board for the first time was assisted in
its deliberations by Captain A. T. Ma
han, retired, who reported to Secretary
Long this morning and was immediatey
assigned to duty with the board.
What instructions have been given
to Captain Clarke it is impossible to
learn. In any event the neutrality pro
claimed by Brazil will only permit of
his stay in Brazilian waters until to
morrow, when he will resume his iour
ney north. It is highly -robable that
the Oregon will not touch at any other
Brazilian ports, but will proceed at
once to join Rear-Admiral Sampson's
fleet, while the Marie*** and the Nic
theroy will continue to Key West or
Norfolk.
From to-morrow on the Oregon and
her consorts will be in grave danger.
If lying in wait for the American men
of-war it is bcileved that the Spanish
ships will station themselves under the
lee of the island of Fernando No
ronha, to "the eastward of Cape San
Rogue. and from there* conduct their
operations. It was recalled to-day that
Rear-Admiral J. C. Walker, retired,
when a member of the War Board,
strenuously urged that a force be sent,
to join the Oregon, but his advice was
not accepted.
The official view to-night is that the
Spanish fleet is at some point in the
Windward Islands, which are to the
south of Porto Rico. If that be so
their presence will shortly be reported
by the American scouts which are pa
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
trolling along the decree of latitude to
the northward of the Barbadoes.
It was pointed out to me to-day that
ten days have elansed since the fleet left
St. Vincent, and, going at the rate of
ten knots an hour, they should by this
time have covered the distance to San
Juan.
Another official with whom I talked
called my attention to the fact that when
the Vizcaya and theAlmirante Oquendo
! sailed for the Cape Verde Islands from
j San Juan they left the latter port on
April 8 and did not reach their destina
tion until April 22. It was possible.
I this expert thought, that the Spanish
I fleet on its voyage to San Juan might
I consume an equal period. In this event
the American and Spanish fleets will
not sight each other before Thursday or
Friday.
It is considered highly probable in
naval circles that the Spanish fleet
may find re-enforcements awaiting it at
the Windward Islands. Just before the
blockade of Cuba was inaugurated it
was estimated from official reports that
there were sixty-five Spanish men-of
war in Cuban and Porto Rican waters.
Of these vessels but seven outside of the
cruisers are considered worthy of at
tention. These are torpedo-gun vessels
and torpedo-boats which fled from Cu
ban waters before the blockade com
fnenced. The Depar nent has been ad
vised of the presence of Spanish vessels
in the West Indies from time to time,
and it has been h"'i«^-«d that these were
ships that escaped from Cuba. It mar
be that they are under instructions to
join the Cape Verde squadron and will
accompany it to San Juan.
So far as can be learned, however,
the programme hitherto given in the
Herald of permitting the Spanish fleet
to enter San Juan, where it will be kept
bottled up, has not been changed, nor
will it be unless circumstances should
arise dictating other action.
On account of the accuracy with
which the newspapers have been outlin
ing the naval plans of the campaign, the
Department issued to-day this official
order:
"In accordance with the recommenda
tion of the Naval War Board all offi
cers and employes of the Navy Depart
ment are hereby forbidden to furnish
information as to matters pertaining or
bearing upon the conduct of the war to
any person or persons not connected
with the Department, or to any news
paper or other publication, unless au
thorized to do so by the Department."
ARMS AND SUPPLIES
FOh THE INSURGENTS.
Second Expedition Sent by the Gov
ernment to Aid the Cuban
Forces.
TAMPA, Fla., May 9.— The steamer
Ghssie, one of the Mallory line boats.
chartered by the Government for use as
a transport, *.vill sail for Cuba before
morning, loaded with arms, ammuni
tion and supplies furnished by the
United States Government for the use
of the Cuban insurgents. A company
of 100 United States troops from the
First Regiment of Infantry will ac
company the expedition and aid in
guarding the landing of the valuable
cargo, and will, if necessary, penetrate
into the interior far enough to place
the supplies in the hands of the insur
gents.
The expedition will be in charge of
Captain W. H. Dorst, General Miles'
aid, who has Just returned from Cuba.
The Monocacy Must Leave.
PEKING, May 9. — In consequence of
the declaration of neutrality by China
in the war between the United States
and Spain the Tsung La Yamen has
requested the United States steamer
Monocacy to leave Shanghai.2
PRAISES THE G#S\PHIC ACCOUNT
OF THE HERALD AND THE CALL
Assistant Secretary of War Meiklejohn on the
Story of the Great Naval
Battle.
WASHINGTON, May 9.— Editor New York Herald: In con
nection with the wonderful account of the battle given by the
Herald Sunday morning permit me to say that I considered
it an exceptionally graphic account of the naval engage
ment in the Philippines, and its reliable source stamped it
with such value that it will become a part of history. For all
of which the Herald is to be commended for its efforts and
energy In having one of Its staff on the scene of battle.
GEORGE D. MEIKLEJOKSN, Assistant Secretary of War.
THAT EXAMINER-JOURNAL
STORY WAS DULY FAKED
Description of the Philippine Battle an Imposi
tion and a Fraud.
CHICAGO, May 9.— The Chicago Rec
ord, in an editorial printed this morn
ing, exposes the shameless fakinsr of the
New York Journal in a merciless man
ner. John McCutcheon is and has been
for years connected with the Record.
Sunday morning the New York Jour
nal prk.ted an alleged cablegram of
great length from Hongkong, attribut
ing It to Mr. McCutcheon, claiming him
as Its own staff correspondent. How
the Record was imposed upon and lied
to by the Journal, and how that fak
ing sheet attempted to gull the public,
let the Record tell in its own words, in
the editorial referred to. It says:
Mr. Carvalho of the New York
Journal told the managing editor of the
COALING DEPOT
AT HONOLULU
American Warships Will
Be Supplied at the
Islands.
The Administration Is Now
Eagerly Pressing the An
nexation Proposition.
Hopes to Profit by the War Situation
and Rush the Treaty Through
Congress.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 9.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Every ton of coal at the Hawaiian
Islands suitable for steamer use has
been bought for the navy of the Unit
ed States. Orders have been issued
frpm the Navy Department to dispatch
at once colliers to Honolulu loaded
with more coal, and that point is to
be made the most important coaling
station in the entire Pacific Ocean.
It is foreseen by the administration
that there will have to be constant
passing back and forth between the
Pacific Coast and Manila of naval
vessels, transports and supply ships,
and it is absolutely necessary that
these vessels should take on coal at
Honolulu, as few of them can steam
the entire distance from San Fran
cisco to Manila without recoaling en
route.
It is well understood by the adminis
tration that the Hawaiian Government
will make no objection to the United
States naval vessels and transports
coaling at Honolulu, though it is real
ized that by taking that course the
Hawaiian Government takes all re
sponsibility of becoming an ally of the
United States in the war with Spain.
It is realized that if Spain had suffi
cient force in the Pacific the Ha
waiian Islands would be attacked. It
is further realized that, after having
allowed the United States to use Hono
lulu as a coaling station in the present
war, if this Government should become
involved in hostilities with any other
power having naval forces in the Pa
cific, that power would take posession
of the Hawaiian Islands at once.
In view of these facts the adminis
tration is hopeful that the annexation
of Hawaii to the United States will be
accomplished without delay, by ratifi
cation of the pending treaty by the
Senate or by the passage of a Joint
resolution.
The House Committee on Foreign
Affairs will to-morrow resume consid
eration of Newlands' resolution for the
annexation of the islands, and there
Is little doubt that it will be favorably
reported to the House, where it will re
ceive early consideration and probably
be agreed to on Thursday. It is sug
gested that the House take no action
in regard to annexation until after the
Senate had exhausted all its resources
by voting on the annexation treaty.
As, however, there is no possibility of
a two-thirds vote for the treaty being
secured in the Senate, it is not prob
able that there will be any delay on
this account.
Additional impetus may be given the
movement for immediate annexation
to-morrow by an official offer from
Hawaii for a transfer of the islands
to the United States for the purposes
of the war with Spain. It was announced
in a press dispatch some days ago that
President Dole had sent a communi
cation to this Government making such
an offer. Mr. Hatch did not receive
anything by telegraph from San Fran
cisco relating to such an offer, but mail
which arrived by the steamer which
brought the press dispatch to San
Francisco reached Washington to-day.
As the Minister was absent in JJew
York, this mail will not be opened until
his return to-morrow, when, if it con
tains an offer from President Dole to
transfer the islands to the United
States, it will be at once communicated
to the State Department.
The first use of Honolulu as a coaling
and supply station will be made by the
cruiser Charleston and the supply
ships which she is to convoy to Manila.
This expedition is to start from San
Francisco next week and the adminis
tration will be glad to have the islands
annexed before that expedition starts.
SELECTING STEAMERS
TO CONVEY ThE TROOPS.
Regulars and Volunteers That Will
Soon Be Sent to the Phil
ippines.
WASHINGTON, May 9.— Evidences
of the preparations being made for
Record over the long distance tele
phone yesterday that the article in
question was manufactured from about
500 words of a cablegram which the
Record permitted the Journal to have
on Saturday, as a matter of courtesy,
on the express understanding that it
was not to be published until this
morning.
The rest of the article, Mr. Carvalho
said, was made up of a patchwork
from various sources. ■ The name of
the Record's staff correspondent was
signed to this mess of stuff simply be
cause he was known to have wit
nessed the battle. The Record, which
gets its cablegrams at cable rates,
leaves the honest American public to
Judge of the merits of such Journalism.
carrying troops to the Philippines were
apparent at the War Department to
day. The officials had before them a
list of between fifteen and twenty ves
sels, whose home port is on the Pa
cific Coast, and were making prepara
tions looking to their charter as trans
ports. Their aggregate capacity is j
moro than ample for the purposes of
the Government. Should all be se
cured the War Department will be able
to send cavalry troops to the Philip
pines in case this is deemed necessary.
The assignment of one battalion of in
fantry, two batteries of light artillery
and one troop of cavalry — Utah's ap
portionment of troops for the national
defense — is taken to indicate that some \
of them will be sent to Manila, If the j
original programme is adhered to the !
volunteers to be sent to re-enforce Ad
miral Dewey will include the follow
ing, with the possible exception of the
artillery and the riflemen, two regi
ments of infantry and two batteries of
heavy artillery from California, one j
regiment of infantry from Oregon, one j
from Washington and one bat- j
talion of infantry and Senator
Shoup's troop of riflemen. In addition |
to these troops the department will. It
la said, avail itself of the four com
panies of the Fourteenth Infantry now
on their way from Vancouver Bar
racks to San Francisco, and portions
of the Fourth Cavalry and Third Ar
tillery.
ENCOUNTERED A
TORPEDO-BOAT AT SEA.
Fog Probably Saves the Warren Line
Steamer From Being
Captured.
NEW YORK, May 9.— A Boston
special to the Herald says: The War
ren line steamer Roman, which arrived
from Liverpool this morning, reported
that she encountered a strange war
ship, believed to be a Spanish torpedo
boat, off Sable Island, last Friday.
Captain Roberts, the commander, says
that about noon the second mate re
ported that he had sighted a rakish
craft about four miles off the steamer's
beam. The Roman was then seventy
miles southeast from Sable Island,
about 600 miles due east from Boston.
Captain Roberts made her out to be
a torpedo-boat, sharp and low at both
ends, with two funnels close together.
She had no masts. The weather was
quite hazy, and it was impossible to
discern the color of her hull. She
showed no flag, evidently endeavoring
to conceal her nationality. She was
steaming at the rate of twelve knots
an hour, about the same speed as the
Roman, and continued in the same di
rection for fully half an hour after she
was sighted by the Roman's second of
ficer, apparently gaining slightly on
the Roman. A thick fog v then settled
over the ocean and the torpedo-boat
was lost to view. Pilot Lawler, who
brought in the Roman, notified Cap
tain Sands of the Co-lumbia, and he
sent one of his lieutenants to the Ro
man for full particulars to report to
Washington.
CRUISER YALP FOLLOWS
A SPANISH WARSHIP.
Two Vessels of the Enemy Sighted
by the Herald-Call Dis
patch-Boat.
Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
ST. THOMAS, D. W. 1., May 9.— A
four-masted Spanish cruiser bore down
upon the Herald-Call dispatch steamer
about ten miles from San Juan, Porto
Rico, to-day. We were going south
and when our signals were displayed
she turned eastward, steaming off at a
rate of about sixteen knots. The aux
iliary cruiser Yale, a hich was hovering
in the distance, followed her for about
two hours. She was last seen in Vir
gin passage.
The Spanish cruiser Isabella II
touched at the cable station at St.
Thomas early in the morning and after
communicating with the Spanish Con
sul sailed away to the westward, prob
ably Joining the other Spanish war
ships on the south coa,st of Porto Rico.
The Yale has circled the island, but
has not seen another American war
ship since she left the United States.
Lieutenant Key boarded the Herald-
Call dispatch steamer to-day. The of
ficers of the Yale are anxious to get
news of the Spanish fleet, which is ex
pected to arrive here at any hour.
St. Thomas is wild with excitement.
A light was seen outside the harbor at
midnight last night, which was believed
to be that of a warship. The Herald-
Call dispatch boat went out and found
that the light came frqm a tramp
steamer.
STORY OF AN ALASKAN
DISASTER NOT CONFIRMED
Steamship Al-Ki Brings No News of
the Reported Drowning of
Twenty-Two Persons.
SEATTLE. May 9,-No confirmation
can be had here of the report that twen
ty-two persons were drowned near Crater
Lake, Alaska, by falling through the ice
Officers of the steamer Al-Ki. which ar
rived here last night from Skaguay and
Dyea, heard nothing of the story.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 10, 1898.
CUBANS
NEED FOOD
AND GUNS
But Gomez Does Not Want
Any American Troops
Landed.
Copyrighted. 1898. by James Gordon Bennett
KEY WEST, Fla., May 9.— At last
the Herald Is able to give its readers
and the Government reliable Informa
tion regarding the condition and situa
tion of General Gomez and other Insur
gent forces in Cuba. A Herald repre
sentative, Fred O. Somerford, arrived
at Key West last night, having just
come, after a journey attended with
great peril, from the headquarters of
Gomez. He left the Cuban general
May 4, and was the last American to
converse with the insurgent leader.
For more than two months he has
been either with Gomez or other insur
gent chiefs. He left Havana March 3,
commissioned by the Herald to make
his way into the interior, visit all the
insurgent camps, talk with the leaders
and learn from actual observation the
real conditions, and he has done it. He
was "peculiarly fitted for his task, as he
has been a resident of Cuba for sev
eral years and speaks the language
fluently. Until the Cuban insurrection
broke out he was engaged in commer
cial pursuits on the island. Suspected
by Weyler of sympathy with the insur
gents, the Spanish troops destroyed his
property and remuneration was re
fused, although he is an American citi
zen. Since May, 1897, he has been a
greater part of the time with the in-
surgents. OCAA
"The Insurgents have now about ibW
men in the vicinity of Gomez's camp,
that is, within a radius of thirty miles,
said Somerford. "The best troops east
of Jucaro Moron trocha are the di
vision commanded by General Gon
zales. He has 800 infantry, who ar*
well armed and well disciplined. One
company is armed with Mauser rifles
which were captured from the Spanish.
For these rifles there is but a small
supply of ammunition. The other com
panies are armed with the long Rera.
ington which throws a bullet of 43 cal
iber. This is a weapon in common use
among the insurgents. They prefer it
to the Mauser in spite of the latter's
repeating property. Gomez's immedi
ate command consists of a body guard
of 150 cavalry and seventy-five infan
try, under command of Major Joseph
Desrampes. Desrampes is an Ameri
can from New Orleans and a good ar
tillerist. This force of 3500 is all that
are in fighting sh*^e just at present,
but if there were arms and equipments
it could be swelled to probably 30,000.
Gomez told me he wanted 40,000 guns to
equip an army large enough to drive
the Spaniards from the Island. He
wants long Remingtons or Springflelds
for the infantry and carbines of the
same character for the cavalry.
•■Garcia's force in Santiago de Cuba
is all infantry. In reorganization they
should be compelled to remain infantry.
They are drilled as such, and, never
having had horses, are accustomed to
make long marches on foot. I know
Gomez wants to unite Garcia's forces
with his own, although Gomez did not
tell me this himself. I am told the man
never makes his plans known when he
can help it. My information, however,
comes from the inside. Gomez regards
artillery as very important, but the
Cubans have none. They have the
greatest contempt for the Spanish ar
tillerymen and assert that not a Cuban
has been injured in the entire war by
the Spanish field pieces.
"The question of food and supplies ia
an important one to be considered in
any plan contemplating the utilizing of
the Cuban forces against Blanco. A
LAST APPEAL TO
WATER COMPANY
Los Angeles Council Takes
Tardy Action in Dealing
With the City's Octopus.
Again Demands m. Complete List of
Improvements to the Distrib
uting Plant.
Special DißDatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, May 9.— When less
than ninety days remain in which the
city of Los Angeles may consummate the
purchase of the improvements of the
water company to the municipal dis
tributing plant and get possession prior
to the expiration of the lease the Coun
cilmen pretend to get exercised.
This afternoon Councilman Nlckell,
chairman of the water supply committee,
presented a resolution in which reference
was made to the communication of the
council some time ago asking for a full
and complete statement of the water
company's improvements and by whom
owned. _j
It refers to the incompleteness of the
reply. It then demands that the com
pany make a full and complete state
ment of all improvements which the
company expects the city to pay for—
pipes, mains, reservoirs, pumping plants,
machinery, rights of way, property, etc.,
all itemized and indicated by specific
reference to maps, diagrams, etc.; also
what rights and property are held by the
Crystal Springs Company, which the city
is expected to purchase, and by what
process and where there exists a record
of the transfers of Interests to the suc
cessors of Griffin, Beaudry and Lazard.
The resolution concluded as follows:
Resolved, further, that said successors In
the Interest of said Griffin. Beaudry and La«
ard be. and they are hereby requested to fur
nish forthwith to this Council a particular de
scription of lands, rights of way, waters and
water rights and conduitb owned by the Cry-
BtaJ Springs Land and Wa'er Company, and
the uses' in connection with supplying water
to the inhabitants of the city for domestic pur
poses, and which property Is claimed by the
Los Angeles City Water Company not to be
improvements within the meaning of the con
tract.
The City Attorney was directed to
serve a copy of the resolutions on the
water company.
NOTED CIVILIANS TO
GET STAFF POSITIONS.
John Jacob Astor Among the Army
Officers Nominated by the
President.
WASHINGTON, May 9.— Many of
the civilians appointed to the army
staff positions are quite well known.
John Jacob Aastor is one of the wealth
iest men In the United States. Curtis
Guild is editor of the Boston Commer
cial; Walter I. Bouve 1b captain of the
Cuban army of any strength cannot be
mobilized until after food for it has
been furnished by the United States.
Gomez cannot mobilize even such
forces as he has until food supplies
have been sent into the island by the
United States to say nothing- of an
army of any considerable size mobil
ized. His army would starve even if
not crushed by Blanco.
"Gomez is a wily old man, and, I
think, not without future political as
pirations in the government which will
be formed at the close of the war. He
does not want the United States to land
an army in Cuba, except it be a regi
ment of artillery to co-operate in con
junction with him. Gomez knows that
an American army will defeat Blanco,
take Havana and practically end th^
war in a month after it lands on Cuban
soil.
"On the other hand, if he can per
suade the administration at Washing
ton that it is dangerous to land United
States troops in Cuba during the sum
mer and that he can defeat Blanco If
provided with arms, ammunition and
provisions, the future is bright with an
augmented reputation for him. As a
victorious general Gomez may ask and
obtain any honor that free Cuba has
to bestow.
"In the party which left Gomez' camp
a few days before I did was William D.
Smith. We came into Key West to
gether. Smith is the hearer of sealed
communications from Gomez to Gen
eral Quesada. T. Estrada Palma, Presi
dent McKinley and General Miles. In
these letters Gomez urges the President
and General Miles not to attempt to
land any United States troops in Cuba
during the summer, stating that a
great loss of life from disease would
result. Gomez also assures the Presi
dent that if provided with arms and
food, with the co-operation of the
blockade, he ran easily defeat Blanco
and take Havana without a single
American exposing his life to the ray- I
ages of yellow fever and smallpox.
"I suppose these communications will |
be regarded at Washington as en
titled to great consideration. In my
opinion a policy based on these recom
mendations of Gomez would rise like
a ghost to confront the American peo
ple afterward. If Gomez really believes
that he can deal with Blanco and end i
the war he is mistaken. It will be |
months, even under the most favorable !
conditions, before Gomez can put an I
army in the field capable of meeting !
Blanco in open battle and defeating j
him. Even the veterans of Gomez* and
Garcia's division are not good soldiers, |
as Americans reckon soldiers. They are
good guerrillas, but have no knowledge
of real military service. Forty thou
sand troops from the United States are
enough to annihilate Blanco's army
and take Havana, and three-fourths of
them can return after a campaign of a
month.
"The Spanish soldiers will fight. They
remind me of a pack of mules. As long
as they are fed they can be driven
Their officers literally drive them into
battle, generally taking a position bo
hind the troops to urge them on They
are enduring and will stand hard treat
ment.
Somerford brings news that a few days
ago Blanco telegraphed the Spanish
fleet in the Philippine waters had won a
fl^t r n°Jl T>^v ha r^ n that the Spanish
fleetln the Philippine waters had won a
great victory. The officers prepared to
give a grand ball in honor of the vic
tory. The ball had /scarcely begun
when a second telegram was received
announcing that the Spanish fleet had
been destroyed. This news threw the
aSssfoi'Si: mournins and the ban
N inn P ? Cadets of Bos ton; Charles
N Miller is a son of the President's
old time friend in Canton; Fred M
Alger is a son of the Secretary of War'
James G. Rlaine is the only surviving
s ° n . ot*the famous statesman; W. B
Allison is a nephew of the Senator;
Nicholas Senn is surgeon-general of
the Illinois militia; F. A. Hill, named as
E. J. Hill, is the son of Representative
E. J. Hill; Mr. Hull is the son of Rep
resentative Hull, a Dcs Moines lawyer
and a guardsman of considerable re
pute; A. C. Oray is the son of Senator
Gray; C. H. Ribble is a West Point
graduate and served in the army for
eight years and has practiced law for
the past twelve years. Charles L.
Jewett Is a lawyer living at New Al
bany, Ind.
STEAMER BOLINAO
REACHES PORTO RICO
Reported to Have Been Protected by
Spanish Warships After a
Lively Chase.
MADRID, May 9.— An official dis
patch from Porto Rico says the Bollnao
has arrived there, protected by Spanish
warships. She was chased by an Amer
ican warship.
The dispatch says also that pro
vision ships have arrived, assuring
Porto Ricans a 6upply for several
months.
ST. HELENA PIONEER GONE.
Dr. G. B. Crane Passes Away at the
Age of 91.
ST. HELENA. May 9.— Dr. G. B. Crane,
» Pioneer and old resident of St. Helena,
died at his home near town to-day at the
age of 91 years and 10 months. He was
born in New York in July, 180 C. In IS4B
he was one of the two physicians to re
ceive the honorary degree of M.D. In
18T>3 he sailed around the Horn to Cali
fornia. The doctor shortly afterward
came to St. Helena and engaged in the
wine industry, in which he was very suc
cessful. He was vigorous in both mind
and body until a few months ago, when
he was taken suddenly ill in San Fran
cisco^ and was brought to his home in
St. Helena. He leaves a widow and a
number of grandchildren.
Deaths at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, May 9.— William W.
Clark, an old resident of this city, died
this morning. He was a native of Ver
mont, and 73 years old. He celebrated his
golden wedding last year. A widow and
four sons survive him.
Mrs. Sarah Wagor, widow of the late
Sabastian Wagor, died this morning at
the home of her daughter. Mrs. Rollin
Case. She was a relative of New York,
aged 89 years.
Martial Law in Catalonia.
Ccpyrighted. IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
BARCELONA, May 9.— Martial law
has been proclaimed here to-day main
ly as a measure of precaution against
a possible demonstration on the occa
sion of the arrival of General Primo de
Rivera from the Philippines. This
evening the city is as tranquil as could
be desired. The decree includes the
whole of Catalonia.
MILAN'S MOBS
ARE MASTERED
Military Restores Quiet
After Numerous En
gagements.
Parties of Rioters Are Fired
Upon With Deadly Effect
by the Troops.
Corpses Piled in Doorwiys to Await
the Arrival of Military
Wagons.
Bpecia! Dispatch to The Call.
LUGANO, Switzerland, May 9.—Ac
cording to the latest news received here
from Milan, Italy, the rising of the peo
ple there seems to have been mastered.
Re-enforcements of troops poured into
the city all night long. Trouble has
occurred at Treviso, Verona, Padua
and Brescia.
There was a renewal of the disturb
ances at Milan last night due to the ar
rival of a mob of students from Pavia
armetl with revolvers. They attempted
to force an entrance into the city, but
were repulsed by a detachment of Ber
saglieri, who killed two of the students
and wounded four. In the parts of
Milan where the resistance was most
desperate whole streets were torn up
by the mob. faot a pane of glass Is
unbroken, doors are torn down, and on
all sides can be seen the remains of
fires and wrecked furniture and other
household goods. In fact, those por
tions of the city are practically sacked.
The bodies of the killed were first piled
in doorways and were afterward col
lected by army wagons. The hospitals,
permanent and temporary, are over
flowing with injured people.
It is announced that work was re
sumed this morning in the factories of
Milan.
At Genzano, near Rome, the troops
fired on a mob which was engaged in
looting. Two persons were killed and
many wounded.
A mob gathered at Pontedora, thir
teen miles from Pisa, and marched on
the town hall, demanding bread or
work. They stoned the building and
refused to disperse when ordered to do
so. The troops fired a volley and killed
three persons. A number were also in
jured.
ROME, May 9.— A dispatch was re
ceived by the Premier, the Marquis di
Rudini, this afternoon, from Lieuten
ant Bava-Brecaris, commanding the
Third Army Corps, with headquarters
at Milan, where the most serious riot
ing has occurred, saying all was quiet
there to-day, and adding that the
stores were reopening.
Signor Turali and Signor Hissolate,
Socialist Deputies, have been arrested
at Milan.
There have been slight disorders to
day at Bologma, Verona, Padua and
Tropea. According to the latest re
ports from Milan the situation there is
still grave. Streetcar traffic has been
stopped and the railway men have
struck. The stoppage of trains pre
vents information as to actual occur
rences inside the town, but the Brian za
peasants, armed with hay forks, are
hastening to assist the Milan strikers.
LONDON, May 10.— A Milan corre
spondent of the Daily News, telegraph
ing Monday, says: Calm reigns again,
This being so, it can do no harm to
say plainly, though it is by no means
certain the words will reach you, that
for the last two days this city has been
in the throes of revolution, with all its
horrors and all its sadness.
Certan quarters to-day present a
scene of complete devastation. In
others, the quietness of terrorism
reigns, and this is the more striking
when contrasted in the mind of the
spectator with the scenes of yesterday
and Saturday, when, above the shrieks
of the dying, arose the wails of widows
and orphans, the hoarse words of com
mand and the irresistible tramp of
soldiers, followed by the terrible boom
of cannon.
When the fury first broke out, many
of the people who would have nothing
to do with the movement were caught,
as it were, in a trap. Here is an in
stance: When the soldiers were ad»
vancing to the charge against the first
barricade in the Via Torino, a lady,
young; richly dressed and filled with
terror, was struck by a bullet In the
breast and fell dying.
A very noticeable point throughout
the two days' fighting has been that
the workingmen element, although
without adequate means of offensive or
defensive, has shown, extraordinary
tactical knowledge, a proof among oth
ers that, organization existed and prep
arations had been made, perhaps not
for an explosion now, but at the first
opportunity. Thirteen barricades were
built by the mob at the Cordo Gari
baldi, where this main street is inter
sected by others, forming a small
square. Thus the people were the mas
ters of the ground, which they held
for a long- time before the Bersaglieri.
by acts of real heroism, succeeded in
penetrating the barricades.
Even the gentle nuns of San Mich
aele were for a time in grave danger,
as the rebels were not likely to respect
women. A barricade has been raised
beside the convent and this enraged
the rioters. The savage cry arose:
"Let us use the nuns to heighten our
barricades."
They were on the point of carrying
out the idea when one of the sisters
appeared at the convent door and dis
tributed lire notes, enjoining them with
most exquisite courtesy to leave the
convent in peace.
Even this, however, would have been
insufficient had not the cavalry ar
rived, giving the crowd something else
to think of. The mob did not respect
pven the hospitals, but wished to- in
vade them, and the Ospenola Maggiore
was threatened. Behind the gate of
that building stood Professor Porr, a
Senator and weli-known doctor, the
most noted conservative In Milan. The
crowd was quick to see him.
"There is Porr, our oppressor," they
cried, threateningly. Insults were
shouted at the professor, who, now
pale, but calm, resolutely opened the
gates and stood with arms folded, say
ing sternly:
"To him who has the courage, ad
vance. He will find a good revolver
ready for him, and I will Bhow him how
a good physician does his duty."
Nobody accepted the invitation.
It is extremely difficult to speak with
accuracy as to the numbers of killed
and wounded, and any estirtiate, in
view of the conflicting statements cur
rent, can only approximate to the
truth. It may be said at once that the
casualties were many times more
numerous than co-uld at first have been
believed, even by spectators of the
bloodshed. Probably it would not be
exaggerating to fix the number of
deaths as little short of 1000. What are
the numbers of the wounded I shall
not attempt to say. Many casualties
will probably never be known.
Earthquake Jars Gilroy.
GILROY, May 9.— A light shock of
earthquake was felt here at about 7
o'clock this morning.
MAY KEEP
CONQUERED
ISLANDS
United States Considering
Government for the
Philippines.
At the Cabinet Meeting It Is
Decided to Send Troops
to Assist Dewey.
NEW YORK, May 9.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald sends
the following: Some desultory discus
sion occurred at the Cabinet meeting
to-day as to the character of the gov
ernment that should be given to the
Philippines. The cabinet had been
called together by the President, in ac
cordance with his usual custom, to read
over his message to Congress on the
battle of Manila Bay, and when the
reading was concluded the talk turned
to the establishment of some sort of
government in the islands. A propo
sition was made to form a commission,
consisting of Rear Admiral Dewey,
Consul Wildman at Hongkong and Con
sul Williams, formerly at Manila, who
would administer a government of the
islands, but it was not adopted.
A decision was reached, being to lay
the question aside until the army had
started from San Francisco. The an
nouncement was made upon the conclu
sion of the Cabinet meeting that it had
finally been determined to send rein
forcements to Rear Admiral Dewey.
No coal or naval supplies will be sent
as Rear Admiral Dewey has informed
the department that there is a supply
of coal at Manila capable of lasting for
an indefinite period and he has an am
ple quantity of food supplies for his
fleet. Ammunition will be carried to
him by the cruiser Charleston, which
will convoy the troops to Manila,
Chief Naval Constructor Hichborn
said to-day that in view of the safety
of the American warships instructions
had been given' revoking former orders
for a collection of lumber, plate, steel
and tools, which were to have been
shipped to Manila on board the City of
Peking:. Naval Constructor W. L.
Capps will go as the representative of
the Construction Bureau to gather
what information he can for future
guidance of the Navy Department in
the construction of new men-of-war.
"I expect, of course, that the line of
ficers on board Rear-Admiral Dewey's
i fleet will send such information as they
can secure," said the chief naval con
structor, "but Mr. Capps, I am confi
dent, will be able to obtain information
which will be of great value in the con
struction of future men-of-war and es
pecially of those authorized by the re
cent naval appropriation law."
It has been definitely decided that an
army of 6000 men will be sent under
command of Major-General Merriam to
assist Rear-Admiral Dewey in estab
lishing American sovereignty in the
Philippines. The quartermaster-gen
eral has already made the necessary
arrangements for obtaining transports
for this army. All the steamships of
the Pacific Mail and Panama lines
have been put at the disposal of the
Government, and I am told that the
entire number of ships will be obi
tamed from these companies. The ves
sels are fast and very large.
At the Cabinet meeting to-day ar
rangements were made for the estab
lishment of a provost court at Manila.
This court will consist of one army or
naval officer, who will have complete
jurisdiction over the internal affairs of
the Philippines. No appointments to
thi3 possible position has yet been
made.
In the general orders governing the
volunteer army, issued to-day by the
War Department, these troops were
designated to be mobilized and em
barked at San Francisco for service in
Manila:
California, two regiments of infantry
and two batteries of heavy artillery;
Oregon, one regiment of infantry;
Washington, one regiment of infantry;
Idaho, one regiment of infantry, and
Utah, two batteries of light artillery
and one troop of cavalry. These troops
together with a part of the Third Ar
tillery and four companies of the Four
teenth Infantry will constitute th 6
army for the Philippines.
Keenly alive to the possibility of the
United States transferring the Philip
pines to another power, Europe is
watching with Interest the policy of
this country with respect to their ulti
mate destination. It can be stated on
high diplomatic authority that rather
than the Philir">ines should become the
possession of any other nation, provid
ed they cannot be returned t,o Spain,
Europe as a whole prefers that they
shall remain the property of the Ameri
can Government. In view of the abso
lute neutrality observed by Great Brit
ain, as stated in the Herald, diplomats
here regard it as practically impossible
for the "great powers to reach an agree
ment for the exertion of pressure upon
the Washington Government, as a re
sult of which it will withdraw from
the Eastern islands. Such being the
case, Europe desires that the American
flag shall continue to wave over the
land which Rear Admiral Dewey has
conquered.
I talked to-day with a high State De
partment official who keep's fn close
touch with the President and with
members of the diplomatic corps in re
gard the disposition to be made of the
islands. He said:
"The President's policy with respect
to the Philippines is undefined so far as
their ultimate disposition is concerned.
For the present they are under the con
trol of the military forces of this Gov
ernment, and the status will finally be
determined when the treaty of peace is
signed. One thing is certain, if the
United States does not retain posses
sion of all the islands, it will keep a
coaling station in the far East for the
benefit of American warships and
American commerce. The administra
tion feels that Europe has nothing to
do with the disposition of the conquer
ed islands. I think Europe feels the
same way. Great Britain and Japan
are naturally delighted that the islands
shall have passed into American hands,
but France and Russia do not regard,
the entrance of this Government into
Eastern affairs with satisfaction, and
commercial jealousy causes the Berlin
Government to look at the matter in
much the same way as do Russia and 1
France." -
Spaniards Yet Stubborn.
LONDON, May 10.— A dispatch to the
Daily Mall from Hongkong- says: A
communication from Manila asserts
that the Spaniards are still arrogant
and not likely to surrender until the
city is blown to pieces. A telegraph
operator has gone with the McCulloch
to see what can be done with the cable.
GENERAL NUNEZ'
SUCCESSFUL MISSION.
i Beturns After Landing a Party to
Join the Cuban In-
surgents.
WASHINGTON, May 9.— Major-Ge
neral Nunez of the Cuban army arrived
here last night on his return from
landing a party In Cuba. This land
ing was made about two weeks ago,
after conferences between General Nu
nez, General Miles and Senor Quesada,
the Cuban delegate, and was for the
purpose of opening up communication
with Generals Garcia and Gomez.
After a brief conference with Mr.
Quesada, General Nunez left for New
York, where he will make a report to
President Palma. The results of his
trip are guarded with much care by
the Cuban officials here, who deem it
Inexpedient to discuss what General
Nunez did. It is said, however, that
his party found no difficulty in estab
lishing communication with the Cu
ban commanders in the island. It is
understood that General Nunez will
continue organizing parties of Cubans
to go to the front, and will have com
mand of the United States farces other
wise than those in the field under Gar
cia and Gomez.
WELL!
If you are perfectly well you are en-
vied by the big majority of men. If
you are weak or puny you are to be '■.
pitied. Perhaps you are to be blamed,
too. Have you used the vitality that
you once had in a sensible way or have .
you abused it? If you are now on the ,
rack because of your follies you can at
any rate hope for speedy relief. Your \
life is wasting away and you are no '<
longer the vigorous man you were.
You have a weak back and the organs .
of your body are not in their normal
condition. That is one of the results
of the loss of strength. You need !
good treatment, but there is but one
class of it that will permanently restore
to you the vigor of youth. It stops the
waste at once. This is about the way
you/ life's story will read:
— _ _ ;—:; — : .—:. — : «
There : Is more and more waste.
.. The organs get stunted.
Good treatment.
Recuperation' of organs.
Grand and perfect health. -
That grand and perfect health is
well worth striving after. People who
see your shaking limbs know well what
ails you. But you have only to take that
grand remedy, "Hudyan," and all will
be well with you in short order. The
drains cease in a week, the system re-
sponds at once, and the entire body
gets benefited directly. "Hudyan" can
only be had from the Hudsonian doc-
tors, it is their property exclusively.
Send for free testimonials and circu-
lars telling you all you want to know
about it. Ask tor the best medical ad-
vice, too, at the same time. Abso- ,
lutely no expense to you. Blood taint
is eradicated from the system by "30-
day blood cure." If you have it, in
no matter .what form, get cured.
"Thirty-day blood" circulars aro
free, too. Send for them and "Hud-
yan" circulars and get
WELL!
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, ELLIS AND MARKET STS.,
: : San Francisco, Cal. .
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
Wholesale Dealer In .; T~. .
Foreign and California Coke.
YARD :
300 to 308 Howard Street,
Corner Beole Street.
OFFICE— BI3 FOLSOM STREET.
q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S <wt
rfJffl Museum of Anatomy
jSgj@\ 1:51 I£ABI2T ST. bet eti * 7th, Z. I. ZiL
fi .- v S H . : The Lurgtitcfita kliidln tin Vorld. •
l|fctfi,i DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
ivWjf X .'.-■-•*. H Consultation free. Write for Book ■
vi I of Marriage.
« *■" BAILED rHCI.
Wright's Indian Veptatle Pills '
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have ' used them * for * over ; forty ■ years 'to ' cura
SICK I HEADACHE. GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach. Ptniclea
and : purify , the blood. . .v;,'^;-. *"•"
Crossii's Sic liirs >
,;.' With i this t remedy * persons ! can cure ' them-
; selves {without . the * least exposure, ■-■- change' of
diet; or change In application to business. Tha
medicine contains nothing, of t the least injury
to the constitution. Ask your for 1U
Frlce, {1 a bottle.TO SINK
ALL CRAFT
AFLOAT
Destroyers of Torpedo*
Boat Destroyers Will
-\^ Be Constructed.
The Navy Department Will Con
tract for Vessels Which Will
Be the Finest in the World.
NEW YORK, May 9.— A Washing
ton special to rho Hpraid says: Profit-
Ing by the necessities of the present,
the Navy Department lias practically
determined to build what may be
termed destroyers of torpedo-boat de
stroyers.
Formidable boats of this type will
be constructed under specifications
which are being prepared by the Naval
Board of Bureau chiefs. The naval
appropriation law which was recently
placed on the statute-books author
lzesi besides the construction of three
battlel-ships, four monitors and one
gunboat, sixteen destroyers and
twelve torpedo-boats. Recognizing
that the immediate need of the navy Is
10-boai destroyers, the i^epart
mtlnt has wisely taken steps to begin
the construction of these boats at once,
and the specifications which are being
drawn will insure the addition to the
navy a year and six moi.th". h.'uce of
vessels which will be the finest of
their type in the woild. The displace
ment of the boats is nxed at about 400
tons each. Light steel will be the
structural material employed. Two
quadruple expansion engines, capable
of developing from 10,500 to 11. > in
dicated horsepower, will cause the
twin screws of each boat to revolve at
a rate sufficient to drive it with a
speed of twenty-eight knots per hour.
The engines and boilers are to be
placed in separate compartments so as
to diminish ihe chance of disable
ment by one shot.
In order to further protect the ves
sels from small projectiles that will
be hurled at them by an enemy's fire
it is proposed to protect f Mr vitals by
two inches of Inclined nickel steel ar
mor, so fitted that the one and six
BRICE SCORES
THE BUTCHER
Weyler Styled One of the
Greatest Monsters of
All Time.
Blanco Not So Bad, but His
Pretended Reforms Are
Too Late.
Citizens of America Who Could Not
Bo Rescued Lelt to Their
Faie in Cuba.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, May 9.— Alex. C. Brice,
United States Consul at Matanzas, is
in this city with his family. He is
on his way home to Bedford, lowa,
where he will try to forget the scenes
of horror, which, he says, are equaled
by nothing in Dante's "Inferno." There
will be one thing, though, that Mr.
Brlce can never forget. He says he
was forced to leave a hundred citizens
of America in Matanzas. Some of these
have already been slaughtered by the
Spanish, he believes. Others will be,
and many will die of starvation. Mr.
Brice said to-day:
"The condition of some was as bad
as that of the reconcentrados. The
greater portion of them were Cubans
by birth, who had become naturalized
in this country, but some were genuine
blue-blooded Yankees. There were
many women in the number. It was
impossible for them to leave, they not
having money enough even to buy food.
"The Norwegian captain of the ves
sel on which I escaped refused to take
the American citizens. Had It been an
American vessel I would have insisted.
Four or five of the Americans who had
heard I was to depart came down to
the shore. They were deeply affected
and tearfully begged to be taken away.
I told them to take to the bush and
join the insurgents, if they could, and
to advise their friends to do the same.
"I could not sleep that night aboard
the Norwegian vessel. The memory of
those poor Americans and their proba
ble fate was always before me ;as I
tossed in my berth, and at 2 o'clock in
the morning I arose and wrote a mes
sage, which I afterward dispatched to
Washington. I appealed in the name
of heaven for a warship to take off
the Americans who were left behind.
President McKinley tried to save them,
but for some reason could not succeed,
although many Spaniards left after
ward.
"Some of the Americans have al
ready been killed or have died of star
vation, I understand. A few may
have escaped to the insurgents. The
most of them, however, will suffer
death either from starvation or at the
hands of the Spanish. These are th«
things I try to forget, but cannot.
"Too much credit is given Captain-
General Blanco for his pretended re
forms." said Mr. Brice. "In the first
place, when the order allowing recon
centrados to return to their homes was
Issued it was of little avail, for the peo
ple had not the strength to drag their
bodies back to the Plantations, and if
they had pone to the deserted fields
there was nothing but starvation for
them.
"Blanco is not the monster that "Wey
ley is. The most frightful caricature
of that worthy "ou have does not do
his appearance justice. Dlmiutive ami
bent, with little bead-like eyes anrl fe
rocity In every lineament, he is theem
bodiment of soulless cruelty.- Th*> work
In Cuba, somewhat repulsive to Blanco
was a holiday fete for him. "When this
war is over and all its history is writ
ten, Weyler will go down in the/pages
of that history as one of the greatest
Pignaters of all tone." • ;.
, pounder shells from an enemy's secon
i dary battery wiii necessarily strike a
! glancing blow, and thus lose much of
thuir power to enter the nlate. Be
tween the armor protection and hull
American corn pith cellulose, which is
I now uocu extensively on ail American
vessels, will be packed. This will
further insure the safety of a vessel if
struck by an enemy's fire. The boats
will carry in the neighborhood of 100
tons of coal, which will give them a
steaming radius of at least 5000 miles.
For such small craft they win oe
1 supplied with heavy batteries. Each
boar ■"■'•! bp equipped with two twelve
pounders and five six-pounders, besides
imj L Ul p C uo tubes.. The forward
': twelve-pound gun will be placed on
top of the conning tower, and will
thus be in a position to do ' etter exe
cution against torpedo-boats and tor
pedo-boat destroyers. For offensive
work against crui9eis and battle-ships
the boats will be equipped with two
torpedo tubes.
Members of the board of construc
tion declare that the boats will be the
finest of their type in the world, and
that when they are constructed there
will be nothin-g of their type afloat
that they cannot sink. A circular in
viting proposals for their construction
will require the shipbuilders making
proposals to furnish their own plans,
and these will Ibe considered in con
nection with the awarding of con
tracts.
As soon as the circular for the con
struction of torpedo-boat destroyers
is completed the board will turn its
attention to the preparation of specifi
cations! for the prono?^ torpo'lo-hoats.
monitors and battle-ships. So far as
the ii -* type of s-h ot> j« r;on<*ei •<! it
has been definitely determined to
build them about on the lines of the
Illinois class.
FINISHING WAR
REVENUE BILL
But Puzzling Problems
Yet Confront the Sen
ate Committee.
Lines of Business That Will
Be Specially Taxed to
Create Revenue.
There Is a Prospect of All the Demo
cratic Amendments Being
Favorably Reported.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs Hause,
Washington, May 9.
When the Senate Finance Commit
tee adjourned to-night the considera
tion of the war revenue bill had been
j almost completed, although there were
some puzzling problems still unsolved,
| one of which was the manner of deal
ing with proprietary medicinal articles.
There will be probably a uniform tax
on all of them.
The committee has decided to place
a license upon banks at the rate of $100
I a year and upon brokers at the rate of
! $50, but has not yet determined whether
i the professions shall be licensed or not.
! On life insurance companies the rate
: has been increased five fold, being
i made 10 cents on every hundred dol
; lars, and it is estimated that this mi
i crease will add about a million dollars
i in revenue.
The provision for an inheritance tax
and for a tax on bills of lading were
j both adopted, as were the provisions
i for taxing all dealings in futures, ln
: eluding bucket-shop operations. The
| bill, as it will be reported, will contain
J a provision requiring that a memoran
; dum be made of all deals of this char»
: acter, however small, and that a 2
j cent stamp be placed upon this mem
■ orandum.
The Democratic amendments will be
j taken up to-morrow and there is very
! little doubt that they will be adopted,
as Senator Jones of Nevada has indi
cated his purpose of standing with the
j Democrats on all principal changes
they suggest.
It Is possible that the consideration
j of the bill may be completed to-mor
j row, but it is not probable.
ATTITUDE OF
THE HOLY SEE
Cardinal Rampolla Telegraphs That
the Only Desire Is for
Peace.
WASHINGTON, May 9.— The Aposto
lic Delegate to-night made public the
following telegram:
ROME, May 9.— Monslgnor Martinelll,
Apostolic relegate, Washington: Borne
journals, especially English, are diffusing
insinuations with regard to the Holy See
in the present Spanish-American conflict,
as though the Holy See were taking the
part of one or other of the conflicting
parties. It is superfluous to deny eucn
foolish talk, the perfectly proper attitude
which the Holy See has maintained and
will maintain toward the two nations
being known to all, the Holy See having
no other desire than for peace. You will
make such use of this as you deem oppor
tune. CARDINAL RAMPOLLA.
Port Townsend Bank Closed.
PORT TOWNSEND, May 9.— The Com
mercial Bank failed to open its doors this
morning. The bank is going out of busi
ness and will assign to E. P. Blake. Ex-
Coilector of Customs J. C. Saunders,
president of the bank, says that the de
positors will be paid in full as soon as
the assets can be realized on, ■ \ y
THE BA^ FRANCISCO CAL.L, TUESDAY, MAY 10, 1898.
TO PURIFY
THE SUPPLY
OF WATER
Plan Suggested by
Dr. Huntington of
Sacramento.
Favors the Construction
of an "Infiltration
Gallery."
System Used Successfully in
Cities of the East and
in Europe.
SIMPLE IN ITS DETAILS.
Would Ramo-va the Danger of a
Epidemic Induced by Present
Conditions.
Bpecl*l Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, May B.— The revela
tions made by The Call in the matter
of the pollution of the water supply of
Sacramento has created general and
widespread agitation upon the subject,
and it is safe to say that the result will
be some action on the part of the au
thorities which will eradicate the evil.
Dr. T. W. Huntington, physician-in
chief of the Southern Pacific Hospital
In this city, has suggested a remedy
which will no doubt receive general
sanction. In an interview with The
Call correspondent the doctor said:
"In the first place, Sacramento Is dif
| ferently situated from hundreds of
I other cities In the United States which
j are compelled to rely for their water
i supply upon running rivers which are
j more or less contaminated. This is also
1 true in regard to almost everything we
eat. Our meat and food stuffs, without
extraordinary care given in their prep
; aration, are by no means free from im
purities. Species of microscopic fungi
can be found on the surface of all
Btanding water, and even in the fruit
we eat, before the decaying stage is
perceptible. There are armies of these
little enemies of health. Thus I say,
when one talks about the impurities of
| our drinking water he has in hand a
j situation as general as the use of water
; itself. Of course the most foul of all
; pollutions are those which include the
sewage from the prison cess pools, pig
sties and stable yards. The man who
• permits his family to use such water
i without a thorough filtration or puri-
J fication by boiling surely permits their
j health and lives to remain in constant
! peril.
"What would be your remedy?" was
| asked.
"As I said before, in whatever shape
the water is introduced into the hy
drants before being used f(,r drinking
purposes it should be boiled, but for an
original step in the direction of pure
water, I believe the only system for
the city is the process of infiltration.
"I would go above the point where
th ! American empties into the Sacra
mento, and st some point available I
would construct what Is known to civil
engineering as an 'Infiltration gallery.'
similar to the one now in use in Lowell,
Mass. The principle lies in the applica
tion of the most simple and natural
plan of clarification. A well, or basin,
or gallery is excavated in the porous
margin of a lake or stream down to a
level below the surface of the water
at its lowest stage. From the stream
there will be a drain into this gallery
and the water will be supplied by in
filtration.
"The volume of water to be obtained
from such a source depends upon the
porosity of tl.e earth gravel between
the wall baoin or gallery and the main
body of the water, the distance between
the river and the gallery, the size of
the latter. -*a the volume of the water
under which the infiltration is main
tai led.
Mayor Land has announced his pur
pose of calling the attention of the City
Board of Trustees and the City Board
of Health to the dangers of the situa
tion, and in all probability 'before the
week is over, some definite plan of ac
tion will be decided upon.
Stanford's Baseball Captain.
PALO ALTO. May 9.— Beckett was to
day elected captain of the Varsity base
ball team.
TO RENDER POLLUTED WATER PURE.
Dr. Huntington of Sacramento suggests a feasible remedy for the present situation of Sacramento as regards
absence of a ; pure water supply. It is the : construction of ' an "infiltration gallery," on the lines laid down in the
accompanying, illustration. * '
In the illustration A represents the surface of the water in the Sacramento River; B, the natural formation of
sand arid soil adjacent to the river; c, the ] covered - gallery which is the receptacle of the filtered water; D, gravel
filter bed; E, rubble masonry walls, permitting no water "/to penetrate.
The infiltration is accomplished by the water seeping ■ through the sandy soil, and up into the gallery- through
the gravel filter bed. . , T; : V • : V
; James Touhey, civil engineer,;- contractor and Superintendent of Streets of Sacramento,, declares that the out
lined system is the , most j feasible and perfect that could ibe suggested for the ; treatment ■of I the ; Sacramento River wa
ter. This ; plan ; would require no change • in the present pumping plant, as ; the ; clear, water could be pumped from the ;
"S^Sl Jt *£ *M PXSfejat flgeat tank, of t st^cl& water .works, and from, that point be distributed, over the city..
NEW CHIEF OF THE McCULLOCH
Engineer Chalker, Promoted to Succeed Frank
Randall, Who Died After the Manila Battle.
First Assistant Engineer James H. Chalker of the Corwln Is the first
officer to receive promotion due to a casualty In the war with Spain. By
order of the Navy Department he has received h!s appointment as chief en
gineer by telegram and has been directed to proceed to Manila forthwith and
assume charge of the motive force on Commodore Dewey's dispatch-boat Mc-
Culloch, to act In the place of Chief Engineer Frank Randall, who died on
that vessel after the battle of Manila. Chief Engineer Chalker is a native
of Connecticut, and was born In 1858, appointed a second assistant engineer
in the revenue cutter service In 1878, and commissioned a first assistant
engineer in 1890. His last duty was on the Manning at Boston, and In March
last he was assigned to the Corwin at this port. He Is one of the young
officers of the service and highly proficient in his profession. He was the
recipient of many congratulations yesterday from his brother officers on
the Corwin. His predecessor, Chief Engineer Randall, has for many years
been in bad health, although this did not prevent his applying for assign
ment in Commodore Dewey's fleet, as he desired duty afloat and In action.
Randall was born in New Hampshire and was G8 years old. He entered the
revenue cutter service as a second assistant engineer in 1574, was appointed
a first assistant engineer in 18R3, and commissioned a chief engineer in
1895. His last duty was the fitting out of the McCulloch at Cramps' ship
yard, and he had applied to go with her on her maiden voyage to San
Francisco.
PROMPT INVASION
OF CUBA PLANNED
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 9.
An Invasion of Cuba by 50,000 regu
lar and volunteer troops, the destruc
tion of the Spanish fleet if It Is on thl«
side of the Atlantic and the imme
diate capture of San Juan, Porto Rico.
If it is not. These plans are to be put
Into execution at once.
It is freely predicted to-night that
within twenty-four hours news will
come that Admiral Sampson has com
menced to bombard the batteries of
San Juan. A general belief now pre
vails that the Alfonso XIII is the only
Spanish warship in the vicinity of
Porto Rico or on this side of the At
lantic with the exception df the
Alfonso XII, now in Havana harbor.
Therefore, operations will be Immedi
ately begun by Sampson. The Al
fonso XIII will be captured or de
stroyed and the batteries of Porto
Rico reduced before the Spanish fleet
can cross the Atlantic.
It has also been decided that there
shall be no further delay in the mili
tary operations. There will be an in
vasion of Cuba by our regular and
volunteer troops probably within ten
days. It has been decided by the War
Board that it is not necessary to
definitely locate the Spanish vessels,
for Admiral Sampson is able to take
care of them wherever they may be. A
few weeks ago it was decided that only
troops to the number of about 5000
would be sent to Cuba. It was not to
be an invasion, but a mere "landing"
in order to establish a base of supplies
from which subsistence and ammuni
tion could be sent to the insurgents,
who were to do the fighting against
Blanco's forces.
Reliable reports from Havana state
that General Blanco Is abandoning the
interior and mobilizing his troops In
Havana and other ports on the north
ern coast. It would be a perilous
situation for 5000 American troops.
But 50,000, together with the in
surgents, would be able to hold their
ground until Sampson, after taking
Porto Rico, could return to Havana
and bombard the batteries and the
city, while the troops attacked from
the rear.
It is confidently expected that on
Friday next the City of Peking, con
voyed by the Charleston, will sail out
of the Golden Gate with as many
troops as she can carry to Manila,
Supplies shipped from the East on Sat
urday are due to arrive in San Fran
cisco on Thursday morning, and there
now seems to be no reason why the
first expedition to the Philippines
should not sail on the next day.
General B. Tracy's call on the Presi
dent to-day revived the rumor that he
is to be made Military Governor of
the Philippines, and the fact that Gen
eral Tracy would neither affirm nor
deny the correctness of the report, or
discuss it at all, was calculated to
strengthen the belief that the ex-Sec
retary of the Navy will be the first
American Governor of the islands. If
It is not he, General Merriam, com
manding: the Department of California
and the Columbia, will be the man. It
Is regarded as certain that the ap
pointment lies between these two. A
week ago it was thought that General
I.*ee would be made Military Gover
nor, but it is now announced that he
will be given command of the First
Division of Volunteers sent to Cuba.
Mourning at Gilroy.
GTLROY. May 9.— Miss I-ennie Rives, a
popular schoolteacher of Hot Sprinps
District, died here to-day. She was 2S
years old and a sister of City Marshal
John Rives.
MAY NOW
ABANDON
HAWAII
A Honolulu Paper Speaks
of Probable Action by
Uncle Sam.
Instead of Being Annexed the
Islands May Be Left to the
Care of Great Britain.
HONOLULU, May I.— According to a
local paper, instead of the Hawaiian
Islands being annexed as a war meas
ure immediately on the outbreak of
hostilities with Spain, the prospect is
that they will virtually be abandoned
by the United States until the war is
over. It Is understood from several
sources of good authority that the
United Stateß has already asked Great
Britain to dispatch a cruiser to these
islands on the outbreak of the war in
order that United States vessels now
stationed here might be permitted to
return home to do their share in pro
tecting Pacific Coast cities.
It will be remembered that In the
agreement between Great Britain,
France and the United States, one or
the other of the powers has to main
tain a naval* force here for the joint
protection of the citizens of the three
countries in case of revolutionary or
any other trouble on shore. Of late
years, by mutual consent of the three
powers, the duty of caring for these
islands has been left to the United
States for many good reasons. Now
that the latter country has become em
broiled with Spain she has probably
felt justlfled In asking Great Britain
to assume, for the time being, her share
of the care and protection of Hawaii,
and there is no doubt that the latter
power has promptly acceded to the re
quest, the more so as she appears par
ticularly anxious at present to obtain
the good will of the United States. In
the light of recent events a British
cruiser may be looked for in this har
bar in a very few days, and on her ar
rival the Bennington will lose no time
in getting to the coast.
On the 28th the Alameda arrived with
the not altogether unexpected news of
impending war. There was intense
excitement and strong patriotic senti
ment toward the United States ex
pressed, and grave anxiety felt as to
the result of war upon our unprotected
island home, and the stand to be taken
by our Government In the event of ac
tual war.
The Call correspondent promptly
called upon President Dole at the ex
ecutive building. Mr. Dole was evi
dently perturbed at not having re
ceived a telegram from Minister Hatch
or from any one at Washington with
official news later than the newspaper
dispatches, which merely left the con
dition of affairs unsettled, with the war
apparently inevitable. He was strong
ly of the opinion that there was no ne
cessity for the Hawaiian Government
to issue a proclamation of neutrality in
the absence of any definite news as to
the condition of affairs or the actions
or wishes of the United States in the
matter. He believed that neutrality
could be preserved equally as well
without a proclamation as with it. Our
intimate relations with the United
Ptates were of such a nature that our
position was so delicate as to require
very grave consideration before anj»
action was taken. In the meantime i
he would await further information.
Hawaiians are becoming extremely
anxious about mail communications,
and more especially in regard to the
Imported food supply. Taking advan
tage of the situation the merchants
are already raising the prices of staple
imported foods, and as Hawaii pro
duces but little, and this Is a bad year
for rice and taro, the outlook for the
poor man Is not pleasing.
Taking in the general aspect of af
fa.lrs the people are very self-contained
and philosophical, and have come to
the conclusion that annexation will
not again be considered until "the war
is over," and then probably not for
years to come. This is the view now
entertained by the Cabinet and the
Legislature, with the bare hope enter
tained by the most radical that we may
be absorbed as a war measure.
The Government has suffered anoth
er crushing defeat in the House in the
election of the five members of the
Council of State. The House chose to
select five of its own members in pref
erence to such men as an ex-Minister
of Finance, J. F. Lansing: a very
promlnent and intelligent Hawaiian
lawyer, Mr. Ka-ne; a son of the late
Minister H. A. P. Carter, and brother
to their "martyred" Charles Lunt Car
ter, Mr. George R. Carter, and others
equally prominent in position and abil
ity. Those elected were: A. A. V.
Gear of California; A. G. M. Robert
son, son of the late Justice Robertson,
a clever lawyer and an actual member
of the Council; W. C. Achi. half-Chi
nese lawyer (disbarred), useful and in
telligent as a legislator; J. L. Kaulu
kow, the Speaker of the House, and P.
R. Isenberg. This election makes one
third of the Council of State practi
cally a sub-committee of the House,
and is regarded generally as such poor
politics that it would not be wise to go
behind the door to ascertain motives
for the result.
The City of Peking arrived this fore
noon, but brought no news of later
dates.
The legislative excursionists to the
leper settlement on Moiokai returned
last night, having been thoroughly
soaked during their visit of inspection.
The following interesting political gos
•lp was gathered from the legislators
on the trip:
It appears that the majority of the
Senate and the House are dissatisfied
with the manner in which the Govern
ment is conducted, and the lack of at
tention it pays to their resolutions of
instructions and condemnation, that
they are preparing three separate
votes of censure, well knowing that the
President will fall back upon the un
constitutionality of such votes and
pay no attention to them, but that
perhaps they may force the resigna
tion of two of the Ministers, and then.
In course of time, by the three to one
method, make the change. They are
also opposed to the imagined candidacy
next year of Mr. Damon for President,
believing that he is pledged to make
Mr. Dole his Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, and Mr. Dole has lost the re
spect and sympathy of many of his old
friends and supporters through the un
fortunate contretemps in connection
with the JSOO contribution to the sur
vivors of the victims at the Maine dis
aster.
The most popular candidate yet jnen
tioned quietly for the Presidency Is J,
O. Carter, although It Is at present
doubtful whether he would consent •»
accept the nomination. ;
The Senators also regret their hasty
action In connection with the registry;
of vessels act, for some vt their busi
ness associates in the Untted State*
have written to them to use their In
fluence to have all their vessels placed
under the Hawaiian flag, and further
more to let it be publicly known that
the use of the name of the United
States by Minister Cooper to force th»
passage of the bill was unauthorized!
and unjustifiable. The bill Is now be-:
fore the House, but the Influence of
the special clique, in whose interest it
was Introduced, is believed to be In
fluential enough to pass it by a nar
row majority, owing to compromise
made on the election of Councilor of
States and other measures.
The Senators elect their quota of fly»
Councilors of State in the course of fhm
week. They are doubtful whether they!
will follow the example of the House
and elect five of their own body or se
lect new men from the outside. As th»;
President appoints five they are not
desirous of strengthening his power In
the council, they having been fore
warned by the almost absolute control;
the Cabinet has exercised over thm
present council and being determined'
to break down the influence of Minis
ters Cooper and Smith.
The Scrymser cable bill will proba- :
bly receive its coup de gTace In the
Senate to-morrow on account of Its pro
visit, n for an exclusive franchise. It
will be a close fight, for extraordinary
Influences have been brought to bear
in its support; but it is considered al
most a^certainty that the President
will veto it, should it pass.
An interesting debate will occur
when the motion is made demanding
the dismissal from office of the Super
intendent of Public Works, for he Is a
relative and a special protege of the
President, who intends to stand by him.
The fact is, the thirty legislators have
taken the bit In their teeth and are
willing to drive to Jericho so long as
they can damage the Ministry for the
harm they have done the country in
their foreign affairs policy.
It Is stated on excellent authority
that several vessels In the Hawaiian
trade will likely apply for Hawaiian
registers within the next few weeks. If
Spain and the United States are at war. |
Sailing under a neutral flag thc-3' cou?d
continue in the trade without endan
gering their cargoes. Owners fee!
confident that sooner or later the
islands will be annexed to the United
States, and that their ships would be
come American again, so that the ex
pense attached to the transaction ;
would be more than covered in the say- ;
ing of insurance. Tt is expected that
Insurance rates will be very high. If
hostilities have already opened.
POOLROOM PRIVILEGE
LET_TO TWO MEN.
Harrison and Harvey Granted Li-
censes to Do a Booking Busi
ness In Sausalito.
SAFSALITO. May 9.— The Board of ,
Town Trustees splashed noisily through ;
the Rubicon to-night to where the pool
rcom banners flaunt in triumph over the
water front forces, and the hill faction I
Is left to mourn.
On the adoption of the ordinance licens
ing bookmaking on races. General Dick- •
Inson voted nay.
Petitions were read from William H. '
Harrison & Co., Antone Lawrence and '
Joseph Nunez. Zeke Abrahams and Joe '
Harvey asking for licenses to run pool
rooms. Harrison and Harvey, on motion
of Sylva, were granted licenses, and the
other petitions were laid over until next %
Monday evening. i
The expected conflict between J. H.
Pryor and Trustee Sylva failed to mate- I
rialize, aa Pryor took the hint extended
at the last meeting and rpsig-ned as Town ■
Recorder. G. W, Simpton was appointed
in his place.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Lennep Wins the Blue Grass Stajtei
on Churchill Downs.
LOTTSVILLE. May 9.— The event of
the day at Churchill Downs was the Blue
Grass stakes, which was a runaway
race for Lennep, the favorite.
One mile ßannister won. Prank \
Thompson second, Lord Zenl third. Time, •
1:44%. . : I
Four and one-half furlong— Hellonas i
won. Great Land second, Queen of Song !
third. :56?i. '
-Mile and a sixteenth, selling— The Plan- s
ter won. Duncan Bell second, Joe Clark i
third. ••Time, -1:5214. . :
Six and one-half • furlongs, the Blue i
Grass stakes, $1300 — Lennep won, Good- t
rich second, Ollie Dixon third. Time.
1:24. .
Five, furlongs, selling— Manana won. '
Old Fox second, Estabrook third. Time. '
1:05. . J
Five furlongs, selling— Duke of Baden |
won, Parker Bruce second, : Terrene i
third. Time,' l:o4%. ■
Stelzner to Fight Van Buskirk.
MAKYSVILLE. May 9.— Beneath a can
vas tent having a seating capacity of 8000
Jack Stelzner of San Francisco and Theo- ■
dore Van Buskirk of Marysvllle will meet '
r\ext Saturday night in a seventeen- round
go for a purse of $500. The scene of the
light will be Juat beyond the corporation
limits. The ring will be pitched on the
south aide of the Tuba River to escape
paying a license of $50.
feiners in Secret Session.
SALT LAKE, May 9.— The Western ,
Federation of Miners met here in secret I
session to-day, and after appointing com
mittees, adjourned. The principal ob
ject of the meeting of miners' delegates
here at this time is to attend the West
ern labor conference which will be held i
to-morrow. The purpose of this meeting
is said to be the formation of a new
Western Federation to cover all the
Western States.
Bad Pay and Hard Work.
The bad : pay and hard work ■of trained
• nurses has 'often " been . made the subject 'of : be
nevolent '.{ remonstrance . by : eminent * medical
men and non-professional s philanthropists. It •
la well 'or an Invalid, before he seta so bad am
!to need > a nurse for doctor, to . use ,■ Hoatetter'a
• Stomach ; Bitters ,If he i has : chills .j and " ■ fever, •
constipation; . rheumatism, dyspepsia and ' nwv
ouaaesa. Use It regularly. *
34
HONORS FOR
THE HEROES
OF MANILA
Fitting Tributes Are Paid
Gallant Dewey and His
Subordinates.
All the Members of the Fleet Re
ceived Special Distinction at
the Hands of Congress.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 9.
Fitting tribute was paid by the Sen
ate to Commodore Dewey for the mae
nificent victory achieved in the battle
of Manila Bay.
The message from the President was
received recommending that a vote of
thanks be extended by Congress to
Commodore Dewey and the ? pliant
officers and men of his com.uand.
Without a word of debate and without
a dissentine vote the Senate agreed
to the resolution, carrying into effect
the recommendation of the President.
The Senate went farther even than
that. A bill was presented increasing
the number of rear-admirals in the
navy from six to seven, in order that
the President might nominate Commo
dore Dewey to the highest position in
the navy within his gift, and that, too,
was passed without dissent.
.In addition a joint resolution was
unanimously agreed to directing the
Secretary of the Navy to present to
Commodore Dewey a sword of honor,
and to have struck, in commemoration
of the batte of Manila, a bronze medal
for each of the officers and men who
participated in the gallant light. The
resolution appropriates $10,000 to en
able the Secretary to carry its provi
sions into effect.
The bill offered last Friday, author
izing the Postmaster-General to estab
lish postofflces at military posts and
camps, in order to facilitate the de
livery of mail to soldiers, was reported
favorably by the Postofflce and Post
roads Committee and unanimously
passed. Subsequently an amendment
to the postoffice appropriation bill was
agreed to, appropriating 100.000 to
carry the bill into effect.
The postofflce appropriation bill was
under discussion during almost the en
tire session, the subject being the prop
osition to reduce the compensation of
railroads 20 per cent for carrying the
mails. The amendment was defeated
by the decisive vote of 40 to 8.
At a late hour it became evident the
bill could not be disposed of to-day,
and it was unanimously agreed to vote
uoon it at 2 o'clock to-morrow.
PAP A resolution offered by Cannon of
Utah last Friday for an investigation
of trusts was referred to the Commit
tee on Manufacturers.
Consideration of the postofflce appro
priation bill was then resumed, Faulk
ner of West Virginia continuing for tv, o
hours his speech in opposition to the
Pettigrew amendment providing for a
reduction of 20 per cent in the amounts
paid the railroads for transporting the
Butler of North Carolina then deliv
ered an extended speech in favor of the
amendment.
Speeches in support of the amend
ment were made by Allen (Pop.) of
Nebraska and Pettigrew (Sil. Rep.) of
South Dakota.
Quay, in charge of the bill, moved at
the conclusion of the debate to lay the
amendment on the table. The motion
was agreed to — ayes 40, noes 8.
Butler offered an amendment provid
ing that the Government should own
the railway mall cars and that it should
pay to the railroad companies only such
sums as the railroads receive for simi
lar service.
Speaking upon the amendment But
ler declared that the railroads were now
maintaining a "crowd of lobbyists" in
and around the Senate and even the
President's room hal been used as a
lobbying place by the railroad attor
neys. The amendment was defeated
without division.
A committee amendment was offered
by Quay, appropriating $50,000 for the
establishment of postoffices in military
posts and camps during the present
war. The amendment was adopted.
An amendment, offered by Butler,
providing for the punishment of rail
road companies In case of their refusal
to carry mails on their fastest trains.
If desired to do so by the Postmaster
General, was agreed to.
Butler then offered an amendment
eliminating- from that section of the bill
which provides for an investigation of
the question as to whether excessive
prices are being paid railroads for car
rying the mails, the clause which ex
tends the investigations to all sources
of revenue and expenditures of the pos
tal service.
The Senate at 6:55 p. m., on motion
of Cullom, adjourned.
QUEEN REGENT CONSULTS
SENOR MONTERO RIOS.
It Is Probable That the Spanish Cab
inet Will Be Be-Formed, With
Gamazo Included.
MADRID, May 9.— The Queen Re
gent consulted late this afternoon with
Senor Montero Rios, President of the
Senate, who advises a reconstruction
of the Cabinet. It is increasingh- prob
able that the Cabinet will be re-formed,
with Senor Gamazo included, after the
Lower House has adopteo the indem
nity bill.
The Carlos V at Cadiz.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
GIBRALTAR, May 9.— The Carlos
V is reported to be at Cadiz from Fer
roi.
AMUSEMENTS.
Pears'
Only they who
use it know the
luxury of it
r Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 9.
The greater part of the day in the
i House was consumed by war meas
ures. The recommendation of the
I President that a vote of thanks be
tendered Commodore Dewey and his
: associate officers and men was followed
quickly with a unanimous vote, and
with equal concert the House passed
the bill creating an additional rear ad
miralship for the hero of Manila.
The bill providing for the organiza
tion of a volunteer engineer brigade
and enlistment of 10,000 troops, immune
to tropical diseases, was passed after
two hours of debate. The principal
ground of opposition presented was
found in the features giving to the
President the appointment of all offi
cers. The Senate bill authorizing the
army to distribute food among the suf
fering Cubans and to arm the Cuban
people was passed.
As soon as the Journal had been read
the President's message was presented
and read. The closest attention was
given by every one in the chamber.
The reading was not interrupted by
applause, but at the conclusion a
demonstration on the floor and in the
galleries followed which continued sev
eral minutes.
Hull called up the immune volunteer
and engineer bill. An hour of debate
upon each side was agreed upon. Hull
said the Senate bill was wanted by the
President and the Secretary of War,
and its immediate passage was urged
because the time for the U6e of the
troops in Cuba was at hand, and the
utmost haste should be made to pre
pare the troops contemplated In the
bill.
Cox of Tennessee opposed the bill
principally because it took out of the
hands o£ the volunteers the appoint
ment of officers. He contended that
the immunes would come from two or
three Southern States, and they should
name their colonels, lieutenant-col
onels, majors, captains and field offi
cers. To deny them that privilege
would be unfair and would be a dis
crimination between the volunteers
called out under the previous act and
those to be called out under the pro
posed bill.
King of Utah asserted the bill was
unnecessary, that it discredited the
bravery and power of troops in doubt
ing that 150,000 men already ordered,
aided by our fleet, was inadequate to
subjugate the island and establish
peace.
"If we had landed 2r>.000 men on the
soil of Cuba two weeks ago," he de
clared with vehemence, "and had taken
adequate arms to the insurgents and
had deployed our fleet before Havana,
Havana long since would have fallen
and the stars and stripes long ere this
would have floated over Morro Cas
tle."
Hawley of Texas said the bravery of
the bravest men could not cope with
the hidden and insidious foe, yellow
fever, before which armies bowed. The
organization of immunes was impera
tive under the condition in Cuba,
Grow of Pennsylvania, the veteran
member of the House, took occasion to
criticize those members of the House
who assumed to know better how to
conduct the war than the President
and his secretaries of War and Navy.
He said he had seen a similar exhibi
tion during the Civil War.
Steele of Indiana approved the bill.
Savers of Texas said while he pre
ferred to have the bill amended, so as
to leave the naming of officers with
the volunteers, he would support it
without such an amendment in the
event it could not be secured.
Lewis of Washington opposed the
feature of the bill which placed with
the President the power of appoint
ments of officers and further opposed
the bill because it was indefinite as to
the determination of the question of
the volunteers' Immunity.
Lentz of Ohio opposed the bill, and
Bailey argued for the naming of the of
ficers by the troops to be appointed by
the Governors of the States, in accord
ance with the volunteer bill formerly
passed.
After a number of amendments In
tended to take from the President the
appointment of the officers of the im
mune volunteers had been voted down
an additional section offered by Gros
venor was adopted. It declared spe
cifically that the provisions relative to
apportionment of volunteers to the sev
eral States under call by proclamation
and to the appointment of officers as
made in the rocent act providing tot
125,000 volunteers shall not apply to the
present act.
A motion to recommit, offered by Cox
of Tennessee, was voted down and the
bill as amended was passed.
"While a District of Columbia bill was
under consideration Bailey raised a
point of no quorum, and at 4:50 p. m.
the House adjourned.
GUARDING POWDER WORKS
NEAR SAN RAFAEL
SAN RAFAEL, M-^ 9.— About six
weeks ago there was an explosion at
the Fnitr-d States Smokeless Powder
Works about three and a half miles
east of this city, which resulted in the
death of Captain Jenks and a man
named Nelson. At the time the explo
sion was believed to have been acci
dental, but some information must
have been secured tending toward the
theory of design, for three weeks ago
a strong guard was placed about the
works, and to gain admit anee to the
premises now requires an identity
above suspicion. The works are used
entirely in manufacturing powder for
firearms, but it is h^id by some that
Spanish spies may have become im
bued with the idea that in these troub
lous times the Government might make
a contract with the company. It is
rumored that several suspicious char
acters have been noticed at various
times prowling around the hills in the
vicinity. Superintendent Stark refuses
to discuss the matter or even to aiate
why the guards have been placed
around the works. The fact remains
that they are there, and any emissary
of Spain will be given a war i recep
tion.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 10, 1898.
PRESIDENT AND CONGRESS
THANK ADMIRAL DEWEY
McKINLEY'S MESSAGE.
WASHINGTON, May 9.— The President to-day sent the following
message to Congress:
"To the Congress of the United States:
"On the 24th of April I directed the Secretary of the Navy to tele
graph orders to Commodore George Dewey of the United States navy,
commanding the Asiatic squadron, then lying in the port of Hongkong,
to proceed forthwith to the Philippine Islands, there to commence ope
rations and engage the Spanish fleet.
"Promptly obeying that order, the United States squadron, consist
ing of the flagship Olympia, the Baltimore, Raleigh, Boston, Concord and
Petrel, with the revenue cutter Hugh McCulloch as an auxiliary dis
patch-boat, entered the harbor of Manila at daybreak on the Ist of May
and immediately engaged the entire Spanish fleet of eleven ships, which
were under the protection of the fire of land forts. After a stubborn
fight, in which the enemy suffered great loss, these vessels were de
stroyed or completely disabled and the water battery at Cavite si
lenced. Of our brave officers and men not one was lost and only eight
injured, and those slightly. All of our ships escaped any serious
damage.
"By the 4th of May Commodore Dewey had taken possession of the
naval station at Cavite, destroying the fortifications there and at the
entrance of the bay and paroling their garrisons, and the waters of the
bay are under his complete control. He has established hospitals with
in the American lines, where 250 of the Spanish sick and wounded are
assisted and protected.
"The magnitude of this victory can hardly be measured by the
ordinary standards of naval warfare. Outweighing any material advan
tage is the moral effect of this initial success. At this unsurpassed
achievement the great heart of our nation throbs, not with boasting or
with greed of conquest, but with a deep gratitude that this triumph has
come in a Just cause, and that, by the grace of God, an effective step has
thus been taken toward the attatnment of the wlshed-for peace. To
those whose skill, courage and devotion have won the fight, to the gal
lant commander and the brave officers and men who aided him, our
country owes an incalculable debt.
"Feeling as our people feel, and speaking in their name, I at once
sent a message to Commodore Dewey, thanking him and his officers
and men for their splendid achievement and overwhelming victory, and
informing him that I had appointed him an acting rear-admiral.
"I now recommend that, following our national precedents and ex
pressing the fervent gratitude of every patriotic heart, the thanks of
Congress be given Acting Rear- Admiral George Dewey of the United
States navy for highly distinguished conduct in conflict with the en
emy, and to the officers and men under his command for their gallantry
in the destruction of the enemy's fleet and the capture of the enemy's
fortifications in the bay of Manila. WILLIAM McKINLEY."
"Executive Mansion, May 9, 1898."
THREE REPORTS
OF BATTLES IN
CUBAN WATERS
Rumor That the Montgomery Cap
tured Two Prizes After a
Sharp Combat.
KEY WEST, Fla., May 9.— Three separate reports of
engagements of United States warships reached here to
night, but thus far details are wanting.
One rumor Is that the cruiser Montgomery has cap
tured two prizes off Cape Haytien, after a sharp battle
with two Spanish gunboats, and put into St. Nicholas
slightly damaged.
Another says that the tug Osceola of the Mosquito
fleet was fired upon near Havana, and the third Is that
three Spanish gunboats fired upon the United States tor
pedo-boat Winslow at Cardenas, but were repulsed by
the Winslow after one had been disabled.
URGE CLAIMS
OF DICKINSON
Messrs. Perkins, Loud and
Barham Visit the
President.
Reproved by the Executive for
a So-Called Change of
Front.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Tli <rss House,
Washington, May 9.
Senator Perkins and Representatives
Loud and Barham called on the Pres-
ident to-day and recommended that
General John H. Dickinson of San
j Francisco be appointed brigadier-gen
eral of volunteers. This, Senator Per
kins said, was in response to a general
] request from officers and men of the
! California National Guard, as well as
| many prominent California citizens.
But the President n-as greatly sur-
I prised and did not hesitate to say so.
He even went further than a mere
expression of surprise. He gently re
proved the delegation for changing
front, reminding Senator Perkins that
a few days ago he had asked for the
appointment of Colonel H. G. Otis of
Los Angeles, whereupon the Senator
stated that he was for any good man
whom the people of California seemed
to prefer and he thought that General
Dickinson was the favorite.
Mr. Loud here spoke up and declared
that until that moment he had not
been apprised of the fact that Otis had
been recommended by Messrs. Perkins
and Barham. The President gave
the trio to understand that the
change of front was disagreea-
I ble to him, and intimated that no
i Californian would be appointed, mas,
, much as the members of the delegation
i seemed unable to unite upon any ono.
Senator Perkins says that the Presi
dent to-day desired him to present to
I the people of California his hearty con
| gratulations and high appreciation of
their prompt response to his call for
volunteers.
Senator Perkins says Wilson will en
deavor to secure the brigadier-general
ship for Washington. He does not be
lieve the California delegation will be
able to agree and that the appointment
will therefore go to Washington or Ore
gon.
Shoots an Abusive Spaniard.
LOS ANGELES, May 9.— Louis An
dana. an American, and a Spaniard
named A* Romero, engaged In a dis
cussion of war at the old town of San
Gabriel yesterday. The Spaniard be
came very abusive, whereupon An
dana shot him through the body. The
Spaniard will die. Andana was ar
rested.
FOLSOM ROAD
CASE DECIDED
Sacramento City May Not
Be Taxed for the
Boulevard.
Superior Judge Gaddis Hands
Down His Ruling in a
Test Suit.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND. May 9. — Superior
Judge Gaddis of Yolo County handed
down a decision to-day In the Folsom
road bond case, which he recently
heard In Sacramento. The Board of
Supervisors of Sacramento County
called an election to vote upon the
proposition of issuing bonds in the
sum of $75,000 for building the Folsom
boulevard, and included the munici
pality of Sacramento. The proposition
carried a.nd the bonds ere sold to M.
W. Harris & Co. of New York.
Charles E. Wright, a taxpayer of the
city of Sacramento, then applied to the
courts for a writ of injunction to re
strain the Board of Supervisors from
proceeding to levy a tax upon the
property within the municipality of
Sacramento to pay the interest and a
portion of the principal of said bonds.
Judge Gaddis holds that the law is
very explicit that municipalities can
not be taxed for road purposes, and
that the issuance of bonds for such
purposes, including a municipality, is
but another form of taxation and an
attempt to do in an indirect manner
what cannot be done by direct taxa
tion. The petition is granted and the
writ ordered issued.
It is understood that an appeal to
the Supreme Court will be taken from
the decision.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ARRIVED.
Monday, May 9.
Stmr City of Sydney. McLean, — days from
Panama and wav ports.
Stmr City of "Peking, Smith, Bl days from
Hongkong, and Yokohama 19 days 13 hours 6
mln, via Honolulu 7 days 2 hours and 44 mm.
Austrian stmr Burma, Mikulichich, 90 hours
from Nanaimo.
BAILED.
Monday May 9.
Br stmr "Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo.
Sehr Corinthian. Korth.
Schr Joseph and Henry, Arff, Coquille River.
SPOKEN.
Per City of Peking— May 3— ln lat 24 28 N.
long 10l SS W, brig Galilee, from Tahiti, for
San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
USAL— Arrived May 9— Stmr Newsboy, hence
May 8.
TACOMA— Arrived May 9— Stm Senator, from
Seattle; Br ship Comliebank, from Port Towns
end.
Sailed May— Nor bk Prince Robert, for Port
Pirle.
TACOMA— Arrived May 9— Br bark Dominion
from Port Townaend.
WORDS OF CONGRESS.
WASHINGTON, May 9.— The ap
pended resolution was passed to
day In both houses of Congress:
"Joint resolution tendering the
thanks of Congress to Commodore
George Dewey. U. S. N., and to
the officers and men of the squad
ron under his command.
"Resolved, by the Senate and the
House of Representatives of Amer
ica, in Congress assembled, that,
in pursuance of the recommenda
tion of the President, made In ac
cordance with the provisions of
section 1508 of the Revised Sta
tutes, the thanks of Congress and
of the American people are hereby
tendered to Commodore George
Dewey, U. S. N., commander-in
chief of the Asiatic squadron, for
highly distinguished conduct in con
flict with the enemy, as displayed
by him in the destruction of the
Spanish fleet and batteries in the
harbor of Manila, Philippine Isl
ands, May 1, 1898.
"Section 2. That the thanks of
Congress and of the American peo
ple are hereby extended, through
Commodore Dewey. to the officers
and men under his command, for
the gallantry and skill exhibited by
them on that occasion.
"Section 3. Be it further resolved
that the President of the United
States be requested to cause this
resolution to be communicated to
Commodore Dewey, and through
him to the officers and men under
his command."
For.EKJN pot-;:.
HONOLULU— Arrived April 2S— Stm Alameda,
hence April 21; April 29— Bark Albert, hence
April 13; echr Carrier Dove, from Newcastle,
I** SW.
Outside bound In May I— Br stmr Paroo, frm
Auckland.
Sailed April 28— Stmr Alameda, for Sydney
Echr Aloha, for San Francisco: April 2t>— U S
stmr Mohican, for San Francisco.
HlLO— Loaded April 28— Ships George Stet
son and Kenil worth, for New l'ork.
HONOLULU— SaiIed April 30— Ship Iroquols,
for New York.
TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
MARSEILLES— Arrived May 9— Stmr Bur
gundla, for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed May 9— Stmr La Normandle,
for New York.
BREMERHAVEN— Arrived May 9— Stmr
Koenigan Louise, from New York.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived May 9— Stmr Wllhelm
II from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 9— Stmr Aragonia,
from Stettin.
GENOA— Arrived May 9— Stmr Werra, from
New York.
HAMBURG— SaiIed May 9— Stmr Pretoria, for
New York.
GIBRALTAR— SaiIed May 9— Stmr Aller, for
New York.
LIT Kit POOL— Arrived May 9— Stmr Sylvania
from Boston.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived May 9—Belgen
land, from Liverpool.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 9— Stmr Friesland,
from Antwerp.
BUSINESS
DIRECTORY
Of Responsible Merchants,
Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders,
Jobbers, Insurance and Real
Estate Agents.
In Corresponding With Any of the Following
Firms Please Mention "The Call."
ART GLASS.
California Art Glass. Bending and Cutting
Works, 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossing. Staining, Beveling. Wm.
Schroeder, Pres. Telephone Main 868.
ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOBNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California street, below
Powell, San Francisco.
BELTING.
LP TiFfiFW Manufacturer of Belting and
. r. 1/CULTI, Lace Leather, 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing. '
BOILER MAKERS.
¥3 *»• W. J.Brady's Patent
Ft fl DETACHABLE
£jT/* Jr|c MUD DRUM
*^BBB^ ; for Steam Boilers,
Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Office and Works— MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045. -
X&ill BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
j 342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals,- Books and Stationery.
BOOKBINDERS.
JP MoTWTYRP Bookbinderand Printer,
Ji Di lllUlii 1 lAIJ) 422 Commercial street.
BRUSHES.
TS"DTTC!XI|7C! for BARBERS. BAK-
Dr\U Ufl£llj ers . bootblacks, bath-
. . houses, billiard-tables,
brewers, bookbinders, . candy-makers, canners,
dyers, : flourmills, foundries, ■;• laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, i : shoe . factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners,' tailors, etc.
; BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox, Supt. V H. Blyth, Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
DRAY AGE. C
McNAB & SMITH,
Draymen, Mercantile Warehouse.
Stands— \ Davis ■- St. ; and . Corner Fifth
and Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Main 1872.
H DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE). "■■'■
REDIN6TON & CO, , s^^^y cn -|
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co., lmporters & Dealers
In Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
5 IRON FOUNDERS. ."
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley, Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De- .
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
•■■ PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF PULP AND paper co., j
II ILL AMLI 1 C 722 Montgomery Street.
■ :'-:-PATENTS.'": '- : - PATENTS. '" "
E 3
XSBT33O MARKET ST. S.F.^£S^;
) K£ ADVEBTISEMENTS. - ■ _ _'-__^j: J.
i *~^~
The Watchdog For The Klondike, j.
tes <vv^ ien ar^ s « w^ P ro ~
tect your claim and supply you with
' &r^j£jM^tA Vl t°°d- Send name and address on a
S^^k^^l' vJ P osta^ car<^ or "143-page illustrated
_r^-'SSfr\ \ Winchester Repeating Arms Co., .
418 Market st -» San Francisco, Cal, J|i|
DIRECTORVOF
/!/. 7 >/I ) __ TRANSPORTATION-Contlnued^
I \.AIUIIHH3BI9w «SoESS3H®Sr/ BIRCH Creek district: now nearly deserted
\^^^M^'¥\^Cj¥SoMw^^/ owing to lack of rood; larger and just as rich
vSHHtfEf^ yWbZssStMmPm/ as Klondike; produced about $5,000,000; 1500 x
'-;■;• '■WpS^&y.t/ \Mc£9^Bb "* feet; our new modern pteamer. Allc»
iv&y(3 > \v<'fsv^ i ' Hlx. stops there going to Dawson City; our
(^)ML^ vir^s£&£sE& book free. Alaska Transportation Co.. 224
t/ IM/\ "^^t^T^lbßL Montgomery St.. opp. Ruaa House.
UNION^jNG!M
l//I^^Mr '^^^i 339. HOWARD STREET.
. il/I^Xf (/ V^^ GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
I l/uffi P- S B. PRODUCTS.
— — P. * B. BUILDING PAPER and P. * B.
TRANSPORTATION. '.■;... READY ROOFING, sold by all flrst-clasß deaI-
~ZT~Z Z^7^lTr~m •%. rt 11/ y^v X T erB> are clean « odorless, of *reat strength, rea-
A I \ 1/ A V' ll|vl 1 l^ Bonable in price and easy to transport. They
/"\,L«.r\ta3 iVji " I V/ IVy/l" keep heat, cold, dampness and dust out o!
TRANSPORTATION CO. SST^USWfot Wnt'co.? &
Will Dispatch Steamer "ALBION" *• w- No - Maln 1763 -
From Portland. Or., for Iw ._ * SLEDS. BOATS. ETC.
K.OT-ZEBUE SOUND __^ __J !
ON OR ABOUT MAY 25. ARCTIC sleds, -rctlo dons. Yukon boat*.
Steamer NATIONAL CITY will sail from Ban Fran- pilot maps to the Klondike. Alaska outfit*.
Cisco for ST MICHAEL, steam launches and stern-wheel steamers, with
sage, apply 3 STEUAKT ST.. San Francisco, ' st. Phone Red 2361.
T - ■ ■
EAXLROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tltaroa Farr». Fo9t «t Market St.
=• :•;>: •;> bAA FRAKCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI*
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 11:15.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p.m.. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:60
and 11:30 p. m. — . T. . '. .
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 8:30,
6:00. 6:20 p. ■ m. ' ■
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.: 11:43,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m. ■ . .
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:10.
6:00, 6:25 p. ni.
Between San . Francisco and Schuetsen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave I Arrive
San Francisco. In effect : San Francisco.
April 23.
Week I Sun- 1593. Sun- I Week
Days. I days. Destination. days. | Days.
7:30 am,S:OO am i Novato, . 16:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. .. 6:10 pm 10:23 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
, : ~ Fulton.
I 7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
L" J- Lytton,
Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. f 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:80 am ' ■ I Hopland and] 10:25 am
3:30 pm|S:oo am Uklah. f 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7:3o"am ~ • ~ [10:25 ana
S:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm|
3:30 pm j I 6:22 pm
7-30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 110:40 am 8:40 am
f and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm] Glen Ellen. | 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sebastopol. 110:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pmj I 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, KelseyviHe, New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel "Dell Lake. Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
Fide, Lierley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights,
Hullville, Booneville, Git's Hot Springs, Men-
docino City, Fort Bragrg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. •
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at naif rates.
Ticket Offices, 630 Market St., Chronicle bide.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN,
. Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
11 ■ _ _ w-ggß-Jripw -ggB-Jrip CALIFORNIA '
s4Sft^ SAN FRANCISCO
JfiyyilllllL CHICAGO.
THE ONLY LIMITED TRAIN
FROM CALIFORNIA BY
ANY LINE,
Leave San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge. \
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing Room Sleepers, 3V4
days to Chicago, 4'i days to New York.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office. 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1520.
Oakland office. HIS Broadway. Sacramento
office, « 201 J street. San Jose. 7 .West Santa
Clara ; street. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiI
. VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
■ From September 10,' 1897, trains will run as
follows: Jli_ iSJuMtllLiJaJUftlJ
; South-bound. North-bovnd.
Passen- Mixed * . Mixed Passen-
ger ■ Sunday .-• " Eta- ' Sunday ger
Daily. Excep'd. tion3. Excep'd. : Daily.
._ I
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 pm 5:40 pm !
9:10 am 12:00 pm Merced : 12:50 pm 3:53 pm
10: am 3:sopm .Fresno. 9:30 am 2:1:0 m
11:40 am 5:20 pm * Hanfurd 9:45 am 1:15 pm
12:15 pm 6:45 pm v Visalia C:4O am 12:40 pm
: - Stopping .' at Intermediate U points ' when '• re-
quired..-, ■.;'.. •■■ ''.■-'■ ;.;-.:.■ ■.;-: ■:■'• '".•■■-" ' ; ••■ ' .-.-•"■
' Connections— Stockton with steamboats •of j
■C.• N. & .I. Co., leaving * San Francisco and 1
Stockton at 6 p. .m. dally; at Merced ..with
stages to and from Snelli^gs,, Coulterville, etc.: j
also with | stage i for Hornitos. ■ Mariposa, etc.;
at Lankershim with stage to and from Madera.
.i = » . - '. I:'!'- ,■■•'•.■■ ' '; . '.-
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
;■ -■..■ l Via Sauaallto • Ferry.) ..
Leave San ■: Francisco, ' commencing ■ May ■1,
1898: 1 . " ; ..- .».;• -, .. ■ .■ ■ ■ ■-• V . .- ■
:. Week Days— 9:3o a. ; m., 1:45 and 6:13 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo. 9:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
2:30 p. in. .;-.•■:• .?■■--;■; -):•.-■■ • - ■..■,-:- - . -•- ,-.
Round trip from •■ Mill Valley, ; 11. *•«■"«■■.>••.-
r THOS. '= COOK v & SON, . Asents, 621 Market
street,- San Francisco, iPfli^?.
■RATT.-R.nA-n TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY.
(PACiriO SVHTCM.)
JTrnina leave Mud »re duo to arrive at
HAH UtAMIMO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
lbavb — From April 28, 1898. — a Karri
•6:00 a Niles, Ban Jose and Way Stations... *8:45 a
7iOOa Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento.... 10:45 a
7:OOa Maryßville, Oro»ilie and Redding via
Woodland «:4«J»
7:«©a Vacaville and Bumsey 8:45p
?:30a Martinez, Saa lUmon, Vallejo. Napa,
Calistuga aud Santa, Rosa 6:l!ip
S:o6a Atlantic Express, Ogdou and Kast.. B<4Sp
SiUUa Sun .lose, .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento. Mary«»'.lle, Chico,
Tehama and Bad llluff 4>lsp
•»:30a Peters. Milton, Oakdale (Jamestown
for Yoaemite) "7»15p
9iOOa New Orleans Kxprcss. Merced, Fres- ■■/.■; \:
f no, BakersUeld, Santa liail>ara,
los Aiitteles, DemiiiK, El l'a»o.
New Orleans and East , Gi43r
. 1O:OOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations ?:43p
*l:OOp Sacrauieuto ltiver ateniiiers "l):OOp
I:OOp Niles. San Jose and Way Stations. . *0:45 a
. San Jose, Uiles and Way Stations... J!).l.»a
2:00p Livermore, Mendota, ■ Hanford and
Visalia 4:13p
....... Livennore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations 116:13 a
Fresno, Merced, Martinez, Vallejo.. 12.-15P
4iUOp Martinez. .San lUuion. Vallajo,
Napa, Oallstogn, El Veraiio aud ,' L
■ Sautnltosa... - 9il3*
4ioop Benicia, VacaTille, Woodland,
. Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
' villo and .Sacramento 10:43 a
4:30r Nilea, San Jose, Tracy And Stockton .. 7:13p
4:30p Stockton, Oakdale, Merced. ..... Udil
• 4:.10r Castle and Lodi 18:l3p
4:30p Lathrop, Modesto. Merced, Berenda
(Raymond for Yosemite), Fresno.
Mojave, Santa liarbara aud Los
Angeles 7:43 a
4:150 r Santa Vo Itoute, Atlantic Kxpress
for Moiave and Kiiat.. 8:43 r
6:OOi> Kuropeau Mall, Ogdeu and Kast.... 9:43 a
•OiOOr Vallejo I8:13p
6ioop Huyivards, Nile-Band San Jose 7«43a
J7:OOp Vallejo, Port Cost* and Way Sta- . •
tions |*t43v
8:OOp Oregou i:\iaP39,.S»or.uiieiit<>, Marys.
' villc, ltt-iMiiis, Portland, Puget
i Sound and Hast 81 13 a
SAN LKAM>K(» A.M> 11AVWAKU.S LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) '
I • ~~ . ? 7ilßa
8:OO* Melrose, Seminary Park, I*MS«
iS:J}Ha Fltchbnrjr, Kirn hunt, J?l2g A
«11:OOa San Leandr«, South San l«M3p
.*. !OW . M Leandro, 8 t»dill 0 , ;«p
iaizdb'p . Lorcaro, Cherry • (4:45p
4:00p _' , (3«43p
5:00p »■« 6:13 P
3:aop Uarnards. 7:43
7:«0p 8:4»p
22 S P ,■ RnnB thresh to NUea.;'i »:45p
UiOOp From Nile*. lO:3Op
»tiiii.>p; ttrom - > " eß - tti«:— p
COAST DIVISION (Narrotr <iauge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:43 a Santa Cn:/. Excursion, Santa Cruz
•nd Principal Way Stations |StO3p
8:13 a Newark, Centerville, San Jose,Feltcn,
Boulder Creek, Santa Oruz and Way
Stations .-. SiSOp
•2: 13p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Alraaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way - C
Stations..... MOsSOa
4:1 San Jose, Glenwood & Way Station* 8:20 a
a4:l3p Boulder .reek and Sinta Cruz. j»:SWa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
,'romSAN FRaNCISCO — of Market Street (Slip 8) —
' »7:15 9:00 11:00*. M. tl:flO *2:00 J3:00
. •*:00 - 1:6:00 •6:00 p.m.
from OAKLAND— Foot or Broadway.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00*. v.
tl2:00 .■"•1:00 tS:OO *3:00 tl:00 - *B:oor.ii.
COAST VISION (Rroad Uauge). ~~*
- (Third and To-.vnsend Sta.)
•7:«0a San Jons :in<l Way Stations (New ~~~~~
Alinaden Wednesdays only) ....... l:30p
17t30A Sunday Excursion for San . Jose,
Santa Cruz, ■ Pacific Grove and '. '
PriDcipaJ Way Stations . ............ } 9:33?
9:OOa San .Tew, Trts I'inos, Santa Cms,
. Pucilic G rote, Paso llubles. ban" '- ';
linis Oliispo, Guadalupo. Surf and
l'rinoliml Vu .Stations ;... 4:lOf
lOi-lOa Han .lose and Way stations *BiOOa
.. II:3Oa San Jose anil Way Stations *8:38 a
"2:43 - San Jlateo, Redwood, Palo Alto,
Santa Clara, San Jose, Gllroy,
Hiillhter, Santa. Cm, Salinas,
" Monterey Hid I'acllii: Unne. ..... *1tt:3.1.t
"Iljliop San. Mid Way 5tati0n5. .:...,... *U:OOa
**:|.">i- Sau Josean.l Principal -Way .Stations »:4.1\
. *3:4iOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6::!3 a
s::ti»r Sun .Time ami Principal Way Stations 3:30p
U:UOi- San Joss and Way 5tati0n5.... ..... 7>3Op
tlls43i> San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 7:.tor
A for Morning. ■ -. ' ■ P for Afternoon.
• Sundays f xcepted. t Sundays only, t Saturdays only
- ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
i Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Soudan.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Perry. : '*. •
From San Francisco,, commencing May 'L irq«
W-EK DAYS.
• For Mill y Valley and San Rafael— 7-00 " -00
•9:30. 11:00 a. m.; *l:ij, 3:20, 4:00, 5 : 15 4-M
6:30 p. m. ' w *
Extra trips for San .. Rafael '..• on Mondays
Wednesdays., Saturdays and Sundays at IJ.:M
■/--'=o ■■■•• SUNDAYS. -■•.'. .-■••■ ;'.: . •
• For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •B:oo »9-00
♦10:00. 11:00, 11:20 a. m.; 1:00. *1:45, »2:3o" 'iioo."
6:30, 6:45 D.'m. : ■ / ,
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley : "
• Trains marked • run to San Quentin " -
' -r-: "' THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'n.
8:20 p. m. Saturdays— and way etana*
6:15 p. m. week days (Sat. ex.)-Tomalea and
way stations. lv
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Caradero and way station*.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way. »£?!GENEROUS AID
FROM FRIENDS OF
THE RED CROSS
Many Timely Donations for Humanity's Work.
The Orpheum's Matinee for Next
Thursday.
Many welcome subscriptions •were re
ceived at the headquarters of the Red
Cross Society yesterday. Major Hooper
started the list In the morning by
sending a check to the president of the
society for $250, and in the note accom
panying it he said that if it were neces
sary he would willingly double or tre
ble the amount. Major Hooper has
had experience in war and he knows
too well the sufferings attendant there
to and how much the little comforts
that can be furnished by the Red Cross
Society are appreciated by the men on
the battle fields. Rosenbaum Bros,
added a check for $50 to the list and
many donations of from $25 down were
received. So far the amount collected
amounts to about $1200 and the most
of it was received yesterday, when a
systematic collection was commenced.
Subscription lists were opened in the
business offices of all the leading daily
papers in the city yesterday. To-day
several of the ladies on the collection
committee will commence a canvass of
the city. The subscription lists they
will carry will be approved by the of
tlcers of the society and they will have
the signatures of Mrs. Willard B. Har
rington, Mrs. J. F. Merrill and Mrs. J.
G. Sanborn.
A mass meeting has been called by
the business men of the city to be held
at the Chamber of Commerce on Wed
nesday afternoon at 2:30. The mem
bers of the Merchants' Exchange Asso
(i,iti..ji. the I'roduce and Stock ex
;;d all the business and pro
fessional men of the city are asked to
• sent. Addresses on the work
rf the Red Cross Society will be given
the business men will be made ac
quointed with the needs of the volun
FITZSIMMONS
WILL FIGHT
Accepts the Challenges of;
"Kid" McCoy and
Corbett.
Will Meet the One if Paid $10,
000 and the Other for
$23,000.
Tlie Ex-Champion Now Says His
Conqueror Has Misconstrued
His Offer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, May 9. — Bob Fitzsimmons
has announced his acceptance of the
offer of Kid McCoy to pay the cham
r ->n $10,000 for a fight at middle
weight, and also his acceptance of the
of James J. Corbett of $25,000 for
en opportunity to regain the heavy
v eight championship.
Fltzsimmons will meet either man
• the regularly organized club
■tg the largest purse, but he will
ii.sist on a Fide bet of 510,000 in each j
. ad both matches must take pace I
the ;;im of September, this year.
fhia announcement is accompanied
\ ii ihe offer of Julian, Fitzsimmons'
I. u.iager, and the prize-fighter him- !
. if, to bet Jluou that neither McCoy
i ! Corbett will make good his offer.
DENVER, May 9.— After reading the
ia.ted Press dispatch from Bo,s- j
t ;. this afternoon announcingthatßob |
tnmona had accepted his offer of
525,000 for an opportunity to regain the I
.-weight championship, James J.
Cornett sent the following dispatch to
W. A. Brady, his manager, who is in
New York City:
Go afler that man < r'itzsimmons) and j
make my offer to him again— s2s,ooo that i
I will stop him in ten rounds— and put up
some money. Show him up.
•'Fitzsimmons says he will accept my
offer of $25,000 for a chance to fight
him," said Corbett. "That's not my
offer at all. I say I will bet $25,000 I
can .stop him in ten rounds, and I can
an it. That shows what a coward he
do it. He is just trying to get out of
it. That shows what a coward he
is. If Fitzpimmons will put up some
money I will fee in New York inside of
two weeks to make the match. I'll go,
anyway. Ap soon as I leave here — it is
Sunday — I will go right on to New-
York and hunt him up. I'll tell him
what he is to his face."
c ARSON, May 9.— The following
dispatch received to-day set this city
aerog with excitement:
BOSTON, May 9, 1898.— T0 Carson Week
ly: At last Corbett-Fitzsimmona agreed
to come together for championship of
world. Fitzsimmons announces here to
day that he will fight Kid McCoy for $l(i,
000 at middle-weight. Fitz also an
nounces he will fight James J. Corbett for
hpavy-weJght championship In Carson,
S^ptPmber lfi. lfiflS. This is true statement
made by Fitzsimmons to-day.
The fights may be brought off under
the management of Dpi Stuart, the
veteran prize-flsrht promoter. Since
the great battle in this city over a
year ago Stuart has been making the
two big fiphters every offer that would
ADVERTISEMENTS.
809 Market Street, corner Fourth
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING. RECEPTION ROOM-NO. 7.
Consultation— FßEE.
\ «\AS,S OTJfhe fl^.S OUR SPECIALTY-Crown and Bridie
X. «Vk y\ A/ yP&A*, Work and PAINLESS EXTRACTION.
>kSS* /V/ V _ /[/ "*fb ■ The ' Clinic Is • always ahead ■in Advanced
A^^^X^s^^^r^^^S^^ ■&9£ Dental Science. No Students : Employed.
—^X sM Ws^W 5^ Forthe Next 30 Days Our Prices Will Be :
<^^"^^»f^^kiM3^> • FULL SET OF TEETH f0r.... ...... ..;J4 50 up
JU^nO W^y^ff^S^/'ai /fihL. TMM GOLD CROWNS,. 22k........ 360 up
yrtl vu M//^|MA»^inW: . BRIDGE WORK, per t00th......... 3 50 up
,-^r* 4^'/ / *ffl%'VK^ '^^-— T SILVER FILLING 25c up
FWt/Wj- M&'SS. VOU^W GOLD FILLING 75,,;
/| / 'A^ "-T^s» CLEANING TEETH 50c U J
-^ tf /W I filled"* A Physician Always iff Attendance
TrrTLjl J^ Vjj CROWNED SKILLEDOPERATORS— LAD Y. ATTENDANT
I LL I II ■•'.:■ & Brldgeworfc PHONE DAVIS 654.
; WITHOUT PAIN. '. ' ■ -, : ; : . ■ ' .. •'! DR. :T. E. strong. ';]
Ofnc« Hour»-« a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 a. m. to 2p. m.
teers who have been called from Cali
fornia and adjoining States.
In addition to money contributions
the society proposes to send with the
soldiers many of the delicacies that are
craved by the sick, and the merchants
and manufacturers will be asked to
contribute them. Colonel Middleton of
the United States Army Medical Corps
has given the ladies of the Red Cross
a list of the articles that would be ac
ceptable, and which the Government
does not supply. It contains dried
and canned fruits, crackers, canned
soups, beef extracts, corn starch, tap
ioca, jams and jellies, seasonings and
spices, lime Juice, tobacco and pipes,
toilet soaps, stationery, brushes,
combs, towels and assorted liquors. A
depot will be opened by the commit
tee to receive such contributions and
prepare them for shipment with th»
hospital supplies on the steamers that
carry away the troops to Manila. Mer
chants who can contribute such arti
cles are asked to send to the head
quarters of the society In the Claus»
Spreckels building lists of what they
will donate.
The benefit performance to be given
| by the performers of the Orpheum will
be one of the best entertainments ever
given at that house. Many of the
cleverest specialty artists of the coun
try have offered to take a part In the
performance and they, in addition to
the reerular bill that is on this week,
will fill Thursday afternoon full of
amusement. Maude Rockwell, who is
at present at the Olympla. will appear
I at the benefit, and the Venetian La
dles' Orchestra have volunteered their
services. The orchestra is well known
in the city. The feature of the en
tertainment will be Marion Kerner's
visions of art. Many appropriate scenes
will be presented.
induce them to come together again.
The foregoing telegram proves his ef
forts have been at last successful. A.
Livingston, who manages the Carson
end of Stuart's affairs, said:
•I have known negotiations in this
direction were pending for some time.
So far I have received no word from
Stuart, but I am expecting a message
at any time. The fight between Fjtz
simmons and McCoy I know little
about. It may be that the men will
meet for a limited number of rounds
before the big fight in Carson. I hard
ly think it possible Fitzsimmons would
meet McCoy before Corbett. There is
a possibility of defeat, which would
bar him from meeting Pompadour
Jim. The date mentioned in the Bos
ton dispatch I cannot vouch for. I
believe the fight will occur about Sep
tember 26, or after the California-
Nevada State fair.
ROCHESTER. N. V., May 9.—Wil
liam A. Brady gave out this signed
statement to-day:
James J. Corbett stands by the offer
he made Robert Fitzsimmons: To make
a match for a $10,000 side bet, and w 1 1
g-uarantee the champion of the world
$22 r > 000 if he (Torbett) rails to stop Fitzsim
mons in ten rounds, and he further agrees
that the match shall take place before the
last of September, this year, and if no
club offers as large a purse as $20.000 Cor
bett will deposit the balance, the whole
amount to be paid Fitzsimmons in case
Corbett fails to knock him out in the stip
ulated number of rounds. As Fitzsimmons
has announced that he will fight again, it
remains to be seen whether he will take
on the man he has all along claimed to be
so easy. He is positively assured of $25,
000 in case hp stands ten rounds in front
of Corbett and $45,000 in case he wins.
This is the offer Corbett made to Fitzsim
mons last February, and he now stands
by it. and I will accept Julians bet of
$iVK3 that Corbett will be on hand on the
day named. I will be in New York on
Wednesday and will meet Fitzsimmons
or his manager to deposit money to make
the match. W. A. BRADY.
NATIONAL LEAGUE GAMES.
Baltimore Shuts Out Bocton and Cin
cinnati Loses a Game.
WASHINGTON, May 9.— The Senators
made but two hits after Piatt went in at
tho end of the fourth, and bad errors then
gave the game to Philadelphia. Attend
ance 1000. Score:
K. H. E.
Washington 6 9 6
Philadelphia 11 13 1
Batteries — Mercer and Farrell; Dunkald.
Piatt and McFarland. Umpires— Emslle and
Andrews.
CLEVELAND, May 9.— Tue Chicag-os
did plenty of hard hitting to-day, while
the home team was weak at the bat.
Attendance 400. Score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 1 6 9
Chicago f....12 18 1
Batteries— Wilson, McAllister, Kelb and Zim
mer; Griffith and Donahue. Umpires—Swart
wnod and Wood.
BOSTON, May 9.— The Bostons played a
lifeless game to-day. Nichols was batted
at will by the visitors. Attendance 1670.
Score:
R. H. E.
Baltimore 13 17 2
Boston 0 3 2
Ratterlef" — Huphos and Clark: Nichols and
Ben?en. Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
CINCINNATI, May 9.— Hill wan given
miserable support. Irwin's three errors
were costly. The winning run was BTOred
In the twelfth inning on doubles by Clem
ents and Decker. Attendance 1900! Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 5 9 4
St. Ivouis 6 12 1
Batteries— Hill and Peltz; Hughes. Danipls
and Clements. Umpires— Cushman and Heyd
]<?r.
PITTSBURO, May 9.— Pittsburg won its
first game on the home grounds this sea
son. Attendance 1800. Score:
R. H. E.
Pittsburg 9 13 g
Louisville 5 8 2
Batteries— Rhineß and Sohriver; Cunningham
ami n»xter. Umpires— O'Day and McDonald
NEW YORK, May 9.— Errors were re
sponsible for a majority of the runs to
day. Both Meekln and Dun pitched good
ball. Score:
Brooklyn j' 4' g
New York 3 6 4
Batteries — Dunn anrl Ryan; Meekln and
Orndy. Umpires— Curry and Snyder.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX., TUESDAY, MAY 10, 1898.
CANDELARIA
IS A "CLAM"
At Odds On Easily Beaten
by Flandes, a 100 to
1 Shot.
Sly at Odds of 12 to 1 Downed
a Fast Crowd of
Sprinters.
Three Favorites in Front «t Oakland.
Miss Rowena Turned Up an
Easy Winner.
If a Spanish cruiser had sailed Into the
harbor and dropped a shell In the center
of the infield. It would have proved no
more of a startling surprise than the
win of the 100 to 1 shot Flandes at Oak
land track yesterday. The outsider's un
expected victory happened In the fourth
event of the day, a mile and a sixteenth
selling run, for which Candelaria, with
little Woods up, was a prohibitive 1 to 7
favorite In the betting. The latter had
finished third in the Burns handicap, and
meeting such a oheap collection the price
laid seemed a liberal one. For the past
month or so Flandes has been trying to
down some very cheap articles in the
race-horse line with 111 success, and at
post time anywhere from 60 to 75 to 1
could be had about him. Ridden by an
obscure pilot named Whitman, the
despised one made all the running, and at
the finish won comparatively easily from
the favorite in the slow time of 1:4934.
The latter was messed about considerably
the first six furlongs, but showed a total
lack of inability to get up when Woods
shook him up in the stretch ; in fact, he was
hard ridden to beat Del Paso out a short
head for the place. Many small bets were
registered in the books on the winner,
and the victory was a very popular one.
Of the other favorites three met with
better success. Dolore and Sly both
crossed the wire first at very healthy
odds, the latter heavily backed. Nearly
all of the books quit behind on the day's
speculating.
W. J. Spiers' bay horse Millbrae, with
Piggott in the saddle, was installeii favor
ite for the opening five and a naif fur
long scramble with a big field going to the
post, and after shaking off Red Spider,
won hands down. Lona Marie was third,
behind the latter horse.
The fast R. Q. Ban was extensively sup
ported and shipped to the post favorite
for the six-furlong sprint next decided,
but after tripping along out in the lead
until well on toward the wire found the
distance too far and the company too
pressing and ended up in the show. In
a hard drive Clawson got Dolore, a 5 to
1 cnance, over the line a scant head be
fore the unlucky Lucky Star, a 15 to 1
shot in the ring. Lost Girl was tardy in
getting up.
The two-year-old event at four and a
half furlongs went to the hot favorite.
El Mido, ridden by Piggott. Rev Hooker
looked a winner down the stretch, but
Enos, who had the mount, could not re
sist looking back at the field, and was
collared by the favorite at the paddock.
The latter bore in forty yards from the
wire, interfering with Hooker, and allow
ing Woods on Obsidian to get the place
by a head.
The six-furlong selling sprint, fifth on
the card, was certainly a horse race.
O'Connell was of course made a pro
nounced favorite in me betting, but he
appears to have trained off, for San Ma
teo had the old sprinter raced to a stand
still by the time the stretch was reached.
There the whole field became bunched
and It looked anybody's race. When
paddock was neared. Clawson astride
Sly drew away from the bunch, winning
cleverly by a couple of lengths. Behind
her all whipping hard. Chappie, O'Con
nell, Sport \icAlllster, San Mateo and
Peixotto finished heads apart.
The Burns & Waterhnuse entry. Miss
Rowena, was a short-priced choice for
the final five-furlong scramble, and after
leading from the start won easily from
Stepabout, the second choice.
TRACK NOTES.
Jockeys Ca*h PI nan and Patsy Freeman, ac
companied by their wives, left for Chicago last
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
/CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB — Oakland Track-161st day of the
V-» Winter Meeting, Monday, May 9. 1898. Weather fine. Track
fast.
inoa first
lUZOt purse,
1009 Mlllhrae, 4...... 110 3. ... 2«* 1% ... IB „ Pi^ott 2 2
905 Red Spinner, 4... ...110 2 ... In f 2 2 ... . 21% Goun 6 7
1002 Lona Marie, 3.. 103 4 ... 3h SMi ... 3h McMchols ... 8 i 8
.... Ko Ko. 5 107 7 ... 72 ::BIW ... ♦« Hennessy .... 8 12
ifH.s Rosa. 3 103 1 ... 4h 7 2 ... 5 1 Ruiz 6 7
1008 Momenus. 3 107 6 ... 5^ 6% ... 6V4 Powell ....... 30 60
m Ponpo, 3.. ......110 8 ... 81 8 1 ... 7 I-; En 05. .... 6 I
320 Carbineer, 3 ....110 5 ... 6 1 4h ... 8% McDonald.... 3 J
1002 Rebecca Wells, 3... 110 10 ... 11 h 10 1 ... 9 2 Taylor 20 30
905 Sandow 111. 4.. .....107 11 ... 13 1 9 2 ... 10 1 R. Narvaez... 15 12
607 Fallen Princess, 8.. 108 12 • ... -9% 11 ... 11 .Buckley-...-..;. 60 100
913 Jim Brownell. 8. 110 13 ... 14 12 ... - 12 \Valnrlght ... 30 40
1008 Approbation, 3...... 107 9 ... 10 Ms 13 ... 13 Stufflet 20 80
.... Captain Vose. 4..... 110 14 ..: 12% 14 ... 14 Danehy 100 300
.... Ivan the Great, 3.. .110 • ... ... ... [Tompkins .... 15 50
1009 Mlllbrae. 4 11
806 Red Spinner, 4 11
1002 Lona Marie, 3 1(
.... Ko Ko. 5 1'
1008 Rosa. 3 X
1008 Idomenus, 3 II
J79 I'origo, 3 l:
320 Carbineer, 3 1'
1002 Rebecca Weils, 3...1!
M 6 Sandow 111. 4 1<
no: Fallen Princess, 8..1'
913 Jim Brownell, 3.....1:
1008 Approbation. 3 V
Captain Vose. 4 t
Ivan the Great, 3...1:
8
2
4
7
1
6
8
5 .
10
hi
112 ■
113
P
14
*
...
2 114
.1 h I
3 h
7 2
4 h
5 % '
8 1
6 1
11 h
13 1
• 9%
14
10 M .
12 % :.
. %
! 2
!^
■ l'-i
1 2
ii 4
I h
) 1
1 2
!
1
1 5
2 m
5 h
4 2
. 5 1
6 Ms
7 1
8 £
9 2
10 1
11
12
13
14
|l"l«?Koll
/-■ «_
IGouin
McNtchols ...
Hennessy ....
Ruiz
Powell
Enos
McDonald
Taylor
R. Narvaez. ..
I Buckley
m'ainright ...
IPtuffiet
jDanehy
[Tompkins
Time, l:09H- Winner, W. J. Spetrs* b. h. by imp. Mldlothian-Hinda Dwyer. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving.
1097 SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $300.
Index. Horses. Weight. ISt. %m. %m. ~%m. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. lOp. Cl.
1017 Dolore, 4... ....:
1007 Lucky Star, 4.;.....:
■1013 ' B. Q. Ban, 6 ....:
910 Lost Girl, 4 :
.1013 O'Flpta, 6
911 Sea Spray, 6
422 Red Bird, a.........
(1014) Hike Rice, 5. ..:
.... Tennis. 5 '.
psr, Tom Smith, 4.......
1013 Venls, a .......'
1007- -Howard, a :
2
4
3 \
8 '
5 .
7
1
6
9
11
10 '
•
4 2
5 1
1 h
8 2
6 1
7 1
C Mi
2 1
11
10 8
9 1
2 1
4 M
1 V*
6 1
6 2
-7 M.
8 1
. 3V4
10
9 1
11
1 h Clawson .:„:.
2 2\i Stufflet ...
3 1 'Piegott
4 1% Thorpe
6 3 McDonald ....
6 1 McNlchoU ...
'. 7 Ms 'Powell .......!
8 Vz ' INarvaez .:..;.
9 2 Walnrißht ...
■ 10 2 Tompkins ....
11 Ruiz ......
... G. Wilson....
4
15
2
3
15
10
100
10
100
30
40
20
4
15
7-5
3
25
20
100
15
200
40
200
30
Time,' 1:1& H. Winner, J. Naglee Burkes b. m. by Wlldldle-Rosette.
first three driving.
Good start.
Won
lO9S THIRD RACE— Four and a half
~Tndex7 "Horses. Weight. I St. Urn. %n
1: purse, $35Q-
1016 El Mido 106 1 3 2 2 1 11 [Plggott 1 8-10
1004 Obsidian 100 8 ... ... 4 2 3 3 2ns Woods 2 3
1016 Hoy Hooker 102 2 1»4 IMs 3 2 lEnos fi 8
1015 San Augustine 99 6 6 2 5 4 4 5 |Rulz 40 40
I(V>2 I,a Parasseuse 97 4 ... ... 2 1 4h 5 2 Clawson 6 6
10*0 Sir Trlan 92 7 8 7 2 6 1 Kellas 60 IRO
70fi Ix>yalle 92 6 6 1 8 7 2 Klley 40 100
tfllt Cheated »6| 8 7 1 6 h 8 |Mlller 100 100
Time. :5."H- Winner, H. L. Frank's b. c. by Imp. Sir Modred-Ethel. Good start. Won
first three driving.
1016 El Mido
1004 Obsidian
1015 Rey Hooker
1015 Pan Augustine
1022 I>a Parasseuse
10*0 Sir T'rtan
70fi Ix>yalle
1
8
2
5
4
7
6
I 8
3 2
-:V4 2 '
. 1 M
6 2
2 1-
8
6 1^
'71"
*t:2 I'-:-*:
33
l Vi:
5 4
4 h
7 2
." 8 '
6 h
1 1
2 ns
3 2
4 5
5 2
6 1
7 2
8
iggoil;
I'oods ........
Inos ..........
Lull
'lawson .•...;.
:ellaa
:iley ..-..:.."!
1016 Cheated
Tiller
|AOQ FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and up-
\\J jC%J» ward; purse. $350.
Index. Horses. Weight. St. Std. %m. '/4m. \m. Str. FlrT Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
1008 Flandes, 3......'....'.106| 6
914 Candelaria. 4. ...:'.. 100| 4
in".l Del Paso 11, 6.. 11l 5
994 nio Frlo. 3.. ........103 7
1007 Charles A, a....... \105| 3
9SS Frank James, 4..... 99) 1
869 Bobbins, 4........... •■<- 2
LOOS Flandes. 3 106! 6 1 h 2 2 I' 4 11% 1 2 12 'Whitman
914 Candelaria, 4 100 1 4 64 33 51 2V, 2h 2ns [Woods ....
|0"3 Del Paso 11, 5 11115 52 4h 3^ 3>4 3V6 34 :G. Wilson
P'M nio Frlo, 3 1031 77 7 4i4 41«.424 1 «.42 41 I Narvaez ..
1007 Charles A. a lORj 3 4 1 6 1 6»£ 5h 5 1 5 1 Tompkins
9ff Frank James, 4 0911 3h 51% 7 7 610 610 Ruiz
R69 Bobbins, 4 97(2 2 1 lh 2M, 6H 7 7 Garrtgan .
1 h
6 4
5 2
41
3 h
2 1
2 2 1 1$
3 3 . 5 1
4 h 3 : ,
7 4 'A _'
8 1 6'{
5 1*. 7 ;-.
1 h 2 V»
41M 12. 12;
2Mi 2h : 2ns
: 3 % 3 > 3 3 4
414 .4 2 4 1
5 h ■'■ 5 i 5 I'
7 - 6 10 6 10
J6 H- 1 ■■■'■' 7 ■■■ ■."■
v unman ....
roods ........
i. Wilson
arvaez ......
.... 30 60
1-3 1-7
n.... 7 9
7 12
.... 30 30
60 100
I 100 100
ompklns ....
:ulz
arrlpran
Time, 1:49%. Winner. G. Bayles' eh. c. by Flambeau-Fnam. Good start.
Second and 'third driving.
Won easily.
1030. J^_
; purse, $300.
1017 Sly, 4 105 6
1017 Chappie, 4 103 1
1017 O'Connell. a 121 3
1007 Sport McAllister, 6.1051 6
1017 San Mateo. 4 119! 2
1019 PelXOttO, 5....^.... JL .lO9| 4
6
4 n
2 1 -:\
5 2
I 1 %,■;
3h
5 2
C
2 h
.3 1
1 % •' .
4 %-
2%
6
' 5 % -
:3 M .
1 h
4 h
1 2
- 2 ns
3 h
■: 4 h
' ' - 5.%
6
i^iawson
McDonald
Plggott
Thorpe
6
12
1
6
3
10
8
.-'2O
4-5
■';■ 5
■' ■ 7
•••' 9
Clayton
Wilson
Time, 1:14H- Winner. D. M. Hanlon'a b. m. by Racine-Aurelia 11.
cleverly. Pecond and third driving.
Good start.
Won
081.
SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; selling:: three- year-olds ; purse, $300.
r.
(917) Miss Rowena ....... 98 1
1001 Stepabout ...:....... 95 2
989 Soscol ..".....;......". 97 4 .
1001 Castake :- ; 97 3
91? Oahu . .;.'.... ".. ."..;■..■ '■' 3 '■
1001 Amasa .... — ...'...100 8
1001 Tiny P..:. :....... ...97 6
1001 Judge ! Napton r..;;r, 97 7
1 H-",
• ; 4 % •
5 V 4
" v*
2 '4
3 1
6 2
: 8 •■■■■ :
■;'i ro
8 h
62
■5 h ■
-2 4/
■4il*m
7 2.
•■B.'-V, ;-
1
2- j
«4 ;
2
1 IH
2 h
3 3
4 1
5 1
6 4
7 3
8
Woods '
.wson ■.'■..". V.i
nnnaM
Donald
rvaez ".'...:
Carthy ....
c ..;..'...:.
lines ■..".....
i Miller .;•.
8-5 7-10
2 2
12 H
20 20
20 25
6 8
20 60
40 100
Time, 1:01%. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's eh. t. by Imp. Midlothian-imp. Paloma,
Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
evening. Neither rider was seen In the saddle
here much the past season.
The big chestnut horse Rubicon was sold at
shertfl"n sale yesterday at Ing-leslde track. He
was knocked down to the bid of Billy Short
for $800. The latter was undoubtedly acting
for an outside party.
The Lassen stable folks, owners of Sly, from
current gossip narrowly escaped getting a
boost after the mare won the fifth race. It
was said that Bookmaker Billy Beverly sent
one of his employes out to the stand to bid her
up to $1000. The commissioner arrived Just as
she was knocked down to her owners. Her last
two races previous to yesterday were not very
pretty ones to look at.
George Bayless, trainer of Flandes, thought
the chestnut horse had a great chance to win.
and bet to the extent of his bank roll, getting
60 to 1. The horse's owner placed his money
on for place, and after the race presented
George with the purse.
Piggott and Clawson divided the riding hon
ors, each piloting two winners.
Fourteen books laid prices In the ring. There
was no kicking among the layers of odds about
bad business.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Race— Eleven-sixteenths of a mile; sell
ing; mares four years old and upward.
1009 Zaralda 10oi 1014 Celoso 106
1014 Blue Bell 108 1 893 Spry lark 106
995 Florlmel 105 j 869 Mary Nievez ..108
917 Wenoma 105 897 Grace F 105
1014 Grandezla 105! 1009 Malplaquet 105
Second Race— Four and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; maidens.
870 Stone L 100 1020 Crossmollna ...105
1020 The Fretter ...108 1003 Slml 108
1015 Martello 103 1015 The Miller 105
1016 Whaleback 103 1015 Faversham 103
1003 Mallakwa 108 1015 Zacatosa 108
Violence 105 964 Practice 100
1016 St. Kristin© 105 863 Anchored 108
1003 Uhler 103
Third Rac«— -Five-eighths of a mile; two-year
olds; Belling.
1022 Leo Vertner ... 871 1020 Baby King 100
982 Humidity 97j 10«>4 Dtstance 100
1022 E. Come 1061
Fourth Race— One and a sixteenth miles;
four-year-olds and upward; selling.
1011 Coda IM| 1023 Twinkle Twink 97
986 Swt. FaverdalelOsi 1023 Polish W
921 Rey del Tlerra.lO2i 1023 Widow Jones... 93
998 He'rmanita — 103 1 1021 Alvero 93
1013 Loch Ness 106, 1007 Walter J »»
Fifth Race— Seven-eighths of a mile; three
year-olds and upward; selling. •
891 Magnus 102 10J5 Bonnie lone —1M
(1O22)E1 Moro 112 1019 Outlay 1«5
1021 Duke of Y0rk.. 105 994 Charles le Bel. 102
996 Mocortto 100 996 Towanda 100
1024 Mlstleton 105 996 Rebel Jack 105
1018 Imp. Misslonerlos
Sixth Race — One mile; four- year-olds and up
ward; selling.
1021 Atticus 1091 1021 Rapido 113
995 Terra Archer. .113 1021 Pasha 113
1009 Olivia HI 9*6 George Palmer.lo9
995 Fort una 11l 615 Lorena II 11l
1014 Senator MorrillUS' 341 Navy Blue 113
1014 Miss Ruth 113.1 1020 The Dragon ...116
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY. "
First Race — Wennma, Blue Bell, Crandezla.
Second Race— Martello, The Fretter, Mal-
lakwa.
Third Race — Humidity, E. Come, Distance.
Fourth Race — Polish, Hermanlta, Sweet
Faverdale.
Fifth Race — Mocorito, Mlstleton, Imp. Mls
sloner.
Sixth Race — The Dragon, Miss Ruth, Lo
rena 11.
THE LATEST
IN BASEBALL
BY JOE CORBETT.
President Bert called a meeting of the
officers and managers of the Pacific
Coast Baseball league last evening, with
the intention of putting the finishing
touches to the matters left unsettled at
the last meeting. Representatives of the
various teams responded to the summons,
and after some little delay a committee
consisting of Mr. Ewlng. Mr. Kaplfin, Mr.
Hennesy and Mr. Donohoo was appointed
by President Bert to act In conjunction
with Mr. Spapieton in perfecting a sched
ule, to be presented at the next meeting,
which is to be held a week from to-night.
The games for next Saturday and Sunday
will be played as follows: On Saturday,
May 14. Oakland plays Santa Cruz at
Recreation Park. On Sunday, May 15,
Santa Cruz will play the Athletics at
Recreation Park; at Sacramento, San
Francisco vs. Sacramento; at Fresno,
Stockton vs. Fresno; at San Jose, Oak
land vs. San Jose.
It was decided that no ball-player not
in this State before September 15 can
be signed by any manager in the league.
This was done so that Eastern ball-play
ers returning home could not be made
piny. It was further decided that no
player could leave one team and play
with another without the mutual consent
of both managers.
Won by Mayfieid Colts.
MAYFIET,!"), May 9.— The Portola Base
ball Club was defeated here yesterday by
the Mayfield Colts. Score, 15 to 8.
Ladles' tailor-made suits: latest designs: we
give credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutter. r. 6 * 7.
BENCH SHOW
ENTRIES CLOSED
The Record for the Coast
Bids Fair to Be
Broken.
Country Still to Be Heard
From — Dog Men
Dilatory.
Promising Young English Setters
Dead— A Great Exhibit
Expected.
As well as can be Judged at the present
time, the entries for the bench show bid
fair to exceed those of last year, both In
number and quality. In the latter re
spect there Is, beyond doubt, a great Im
provement to be noted, and as regards the
number, the officers of the San Francisco
Kennel Club are of the opinion that when
the country entries come in they will
swc*. the total to about thirty In excess
of that of 1597. This is a consummation
devoutly to be wished by the dogmen. The
members of the bench show and other
committees have given their time, trou
ble and money unsparingly and ungrudg
ingly in behalf of the show, and their
disinterested efforts deserve success.
It must be borne in mind that 75 per
cent of the net proceeds of the show will
be employed to further the cause of San
Francisco's charities.
The Humboldt kennels have purchased
from Mrs. Lee of Toledo, Ohio, the fine
young St. Bernard Alto Millo, by Judiths
Sir Bedlvere. out of Santa Rosa. His
winnings are first (open), Indianapolis,
1896- second. Grand Rapids, 1596, and first,
Louisville, 1897.
George B. M. Gray and FA.
were each the owner of a fine £,ngiisn
setter puppy dog, by Valiente. out of
Peach Mark. The gentlemen are now re
gretting the death of both animals
Below is appended a list of the entries
to the show, complete as far as received:
Mastiffs — California Echo, Frank P.
Thwaites; Berna B, R. S. Boyd; Leon. Mrs.
John Staude; Jack. C. A. Spreckels; Palo Alto,
Theodore Lewdewlg; Juno, J. V. Geary; Rosa
Bell. Theodore Lewdewig; Major. J. P. Gor
man; Baby Ruth, Mrs. John Staude; Lola,
Mrs. J. P. Norman. «."■—'•.
Great Danes— Commodore Dewey, M. E. L..
Livingston; Yukon, Marshall J. Falrfleld; Lady
Londenbrough, Alfred Funke: Olga, Charles
Crewe; Trilby. William Schmidt; Corsair.
Oscar Heymari; Jim Corbett, H. F. Anderson;
Fitzsimmbns. Mrs. H. F. Anderson; Caesar,
Mrs. J. L. Carpenter; Cnesar Jillenek, Dr. E.
O. Jellenek; Tigar H. Samuel Hermann; Czar,
Charles Dressier: Lady Marion. M. T. Klbbs;
Thelma. F. H. Hartman; Jullett Noble, G. A.
Nelson; Tosca, John Love Cunningham; Re
becca, Charles Dressier; Roderick Dhu, Gil
bert Simpson; L>..nker Murphy. Charles Dres
ser; Queen Olga, Mrs. B. Bryon; Queen C,
John Love Cunningham; Donan, John Pfan
kuch; Defender. Captain C. G. Saxe. Twin
Peak Kennels; Tiger. C. Pardl; Rex R, Mrs.
A. Roncovleri; Challenge Ivan, John Love
Cunningham; Queen, Mrs. A. Roncovleri;
Champion Juanlta, John Love Cunningha:n;
Orchard Trilby. Charles Dresser.
Rough coated St. Bernards — St. Alph, P.
Slebrecht; Parnell. Hermann Streon; Pasha.
Mrs. V. C. Duffleld; Omar Khayyam, Miss
Tlllie Lorraine; Grand Master Jr.. Mrs. G. C.
Oxnard: Colonel S. B. A. Benjamin; Roby, A.
Magnus; Commodore Dewey, William Cortell;
Senator Bernardo, R. H. Elder: Berry of Glen
Rosa. Mrs. C. Lilllngston; Fresno Bruiser, E.
F. Mitchell; Duke, R. Wannamakex; Rex Nico
demufi the Great, Mrs. Sidney Aloth; Carlo,
Mlfs Anita Hiesel: Duke D, Mark G. Jones;
Lady Juanlta R. Mrs. H. Rawllnson; Bernardo
Jr., Miss Jennie C. Dunphy; King Menelek,
Mrs. G. Saxe; Dash. Frank D. Wood; Duke
of Teck, Otto Schraft; Duke D, Mark G. Jones;
Ramona W. H. A. Wegener; Bernardo Jr.,
Miss Jennie C. Dunphy; Alta Mlllo. Humholdt
Kennels: Prince Othmar, Miss May Hesthal;
California Bernardo Jr., A. E. Snarboro; Bel
homme, F. H. Hayes; Montana Queen. Mrs. E.
F. Beck; Champion Alta Berna, Emil Pferd
ner.
Smooth coated St. Bernards — Ormande. "W.
B. Irvine; St. Oramande, W. B. Irvine; Tom,
F. H. Hayes; Blanca 11. A. J. Salazar.
Newfoundlands — Gypsie, William Hatzze; Rev
S.. Frank David Southard; Samo. E. Lange;
George M., William Merz; Gypsy. C. J.
Hughln; May, C. Pardi; Nero P, H. G. Pfaef
fle.
Deer hounds— Thora IV, Dr. W. F. McNutt:
Marco. Dr. W. F. McN'utt; Poco. Dr. W. F.
McNutt; Valiant. Clinton C. TVorden; La.ssie
H. Mrs. William B. Hooper. Derby, Dr. W. F.
McNutt; Highland Chief, Clinton E. Worden.
Greyhounds^-clare K. Mrs. P. A. Williams;
Saylor. Coffer Bros. ; Emm Pasha. Pasha ken
nels; Black Pattl. Fred Mack; Arapahoe. Pasha
kennels; Gallagher. S. E. Portal; Master Rab,
Mrs. Geo. D. Strickland: Minnie E. P. A. Wil
liams; Santa Alicia, Pasha kennels; Sunol.
Dilton & Riley; imp. Firm Friend. Pasha ken
nels; Crosßpatch, Ray & Traut: Diana, Ray &
Traut; Sylvia. Ray & Traut; Sweet Lips, J. J.
Warren; Nellie Conroy, John Grace.
American foxhounds — Juno, Charles Roos;
Major, J. B. Arzt; General Moltke 11, F. N.
Sanderson: Clem. William F. Hopkins: Mike,
Ollnda foxhound kennels: Guess, Charles Roos:
Dinah. William F. Hopkins; Mollle N, Ollnda
foxhound kennels; Ring. Olinda foxhound ken
nels; Clay, Ollnda foxhound kennels; Queen S,
G. E. Stewnrt; Lilly, G. E. Stewart; Undy,
Ollnda foxhound kennels; Rover, H. P Nel
son; Max, J. H. Fisher Jr.; Dan. Olinda fox
hound kennels: Jim. Ollnda foxhound kennels;
Queen N. H. P. Nelson: Queene, Fred Baltzer;
Rose. Oltnda foxhound kennels; Dora. Olinda
foxhound kennels: General Moltke. Ollnda fox
hound kennels: Short, Olinda foxhound ken
nels; Drive, W. S. Kittle: Harkaway, Colusa
kennels; June. Colusa kennels; Champion Bell,
Ollnda foxhound kennels.
Russian ' wolfhounds or Borzois — Razboy.
Robert' N. Allen; Lori. Robert N. Allen;
Czarina, Robert N. Allen; Czar. Robert N.
Allen: Saladln. Robert N. Allen; Naska
Robert N. Allen.
Bloodhounds — Lady Hilda, Mount Shasta
Kennels; Lady Madge. Mount Shasta Ken
nelp; Ben Butler, Mount Shasta Kennels:
Chg. Buckshot 11, Mount Shasta Kennels; Bes
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SCIATICA CURED.
.— v Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
t^^fv- Again Proves Its Grand
vMk i C-^^) Power Over This Disease.
/\[WA t^v
I 'i vV v ' ' SAN FRANCISCO May 9, 1893 -
/ / f^Sv 'Si I DR. . SANDEN— Dear Sir: . I came In
/ / M Wl£^^ **. I to report, as you requested, after having
W/ \lll^^ your Belt 30 days. My report Is that
. / r , W .■',.*" ... the Belt cured my Sciatica In eight
\\L 1 fy ' days. I was very lame for four
v / /A months and in constant misery from
V / ' I' \ the pain in my hip. My leg would
V. it give way under me sometimes, arid I
Vv was barely able to work. Eight days
M. after I began using the Belt the pain
\ left and has not returned. Yours truly,
HENRY GIBSON, 130 Second st.
IT IS A WONDERFUL BELT.
This famous life-giver has a grand record. There is
hardly a day but shows a new cure. It gives life to its
wearer. It charges the blood with vitality and drives all
disease from the body. Don't suffer from pain. Don't be
weak or nervous if you can get one. Dr. Sanden will send
his book for men or women free. Get it to-day.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., — , ; »
632 Market Street,'; San Francisco. ~ . ■ IMPORTANT
• NOTE— Make no mistake In the number— ivinTTr'T' -
€32 -MARKET- STREET. \: ... I " " ill/ r
« Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m. : Sundays,- 10 : v . Dr. .» Sanden's offices
to 1 „ branches, vat. Los Angeles, > Cal.. 204* ;.will move . to ' 702 Market .
South t Broadway; Portland. Or., 253 Washing- ■ v " eL "cor Gearv May 12 ■
ton : street ;; Denver. Colo.. 931 Sixteenth street; .• sc -' cm - ear y. iViay Li -
Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street. . ■¥ -rz — — — . , '....♦.
sie, Herman H. Lange.
Pointers — Van Dyke. E. H. Pierce; King
Frederick. T. J. Rcuske; Glendale William,
Rlngrose; Don G. E. H. Gladwln; Cliff. Louis
Herzog; Duke of Tyrol, Benjamin Brun; Jean
nett, Webster Jones; Christmas, Branden
stein Bros.; Susie K. Charles Klein; Jack,
Klmball & t'pson; Jefferson, F. P. Butler;
Cricket of Croxteth. A. B. Truman; Pattt
Croxteth C. Yosemlte Kennels; Berry. F- A.
Schilling; Joe D, Al Barker; Flora, Dr. J. M.
Qulgley; Queen N, George Neale; Beulah, H.
C. Golcher.
.' English " setters— Mateo Dash, ■William E.
Styan; Val Mark. R. K. Gardiner; Spot Cash,
A. A. • Decourtieux; . Peaches Nugget. R. K.
Gardiner; Oolly V, Max Abrams; Merry Hart,
Albert Betz; White Wings G, T. Geddes; Key
stone R. John J. Dougherty: Duke. Miss Edith
Chesebrough; Monterey, William Larsen.; Roy
F. S. H. *'ishbeck; Hopes L.UI. W.B. Coutts;
Queenle, C. M. Fisher; Fawn H, A. C. Hugill;
Geraldine, Mrs. Z. Hawks; Alfarata, Sol Shep
ston; Queen Bess, W. M. Fitzmaurice; Prince,
W. Wood; Lock, Calamity Kennels; Merry
Monarch. California Kennel; Whip. John Ker
rigan: Rita V, William C. Brown; White
Wings, C. M. Fisher; Daisy Craft. Verona Ken
nels; Bell, Thomas R. Dixon; champion Count
Harold, Webster Jones; Count Monte Crtsto,
H 8. ■ Scott Young Luke, Nicholas Kittle
Boyd; Flora W. Phil W and. ; ,
; Irish setters— Pilot. Gus Lane; Nida Swiveler.
George Neale; Queen Bess 11. Duval Moore;
Earl of Warwick. John Brown; Jesse Moore
»> nisky, Winneiu Scott; Queen ill. Captain J.
L Wai er- Rex. Ed Kreiss; Glenmore Sultan.
M. D Garrett;' M.ke T 11. A B. ™an.
Nlda, W. C. Chute; Bappho, Miss Birdie de
Gordon setters-Major 11, Mrs.
Fred A. Elliott; Jewel, J. M. Vandall. Queen
Bess. Charles K. S. Dunlevy. _- ' . n
Field : trial class-Champion Count Gladstone
IV. Verona - Kennels; Iroquois Chief. Verona
Kennels; Lock. , Calamity Kennels; Merry Mon
arch, California KanneU; Countess X V^ona
Kennels; Paul Croxteth C. Yobemite Kennels,
Champion Sliver Plate,^S. F. Hughes. _
Irish water spaniels-Dan L. , Henry Welt,
Denis O'Brien, Joseph Salz; Delia, S. B. Bada
vans; Rosie O-Grady. W. H. Williams; Cham
pion Dan Maloney, W. H. Williams; Nora W,
W. H. Williams; Bella Marsh. W. H. Wll-
Fleld spaniels-Rondo, Mr». A- F. Marsh;
Fowler. M. J. Church; Juke R. Daniel J. Kelly.
Cocker spaniels, black— Viking, Mrs. .^orjfte
G. Ralaton; Lady ThornhllV, Mrs. E. F. Beck;.
Pedro, Mrs. Webster Jones; Imported Fly. J.
E. Lewis; Sliver D, W. C. Dupea; Lassie Jean,
Mrs. Adair; Pronto Pastime, Mrs. P. W. l'ray;
Dufferin Pastime, H. A. Waggener; Woodbine
Prince, Oakland Cocker Kennels; Peg Wof
ilngton, H. A. Waggener; Count Echo, Echo
Cocker Kennel; Champion Viscount, E. C.
Plume; Champion Havoc H. A. Waggener;
Babe Echo, Echo . Cocker Kennel; Polly Pas
time, H. A. Waggener.
Cocker spaniel, other than black— Coupon. E.
J. McCutchen; Chan Toey. E. G. Bchmle
dell; Slaney H, S. B. Hasklns; Colorado, H.
A. Waggener; Viscountess, Mrs. E. G. Schmie
dell; . Oakside Lady, Oakslde. Kennels; prince
B, James Lake; Knight or Los Angeles, Thorn
hlll Kennels; Tootay W, H. A. Waggener; Cou
pon, E. J. McLatchiee; Champion Royal
Dandy, Mrs. John E. Doak; Sim, E. G. Schmle
dell; . Trilby, John M. Klein; Banner Trilby,
sswiss ' Mountain Kennels.
Collie*— Lois, J. A. Moreland; Clifton ,Dr.
H. C. Brown; Don Juan, William Lotts Oliver;
Gaiety Girl, Mrs. Julia A. Groom; Verona Ap
probation, Verona kennels: Sandy H. John S.
Mitchell; Bling. Mrs. D. W. Donnelly; Caesar,
Mrs. D. W. Donnelly; Grant, Mrs. Judge Lar
rabee; Bonnie Duke, Mrs. J. C. Berret; , Joe,
J. B. Eliot; Champion Heather Mint, Verona
kennels; Verona Artistic, Verona kennels; Zoe,
Monty Godley Jr.; Edna Wallace, J. B. Eliot;
Border Lad, Verona kennels; - Verona Braw
Scot, Verona kennels; Heather Mollie, Verona
kennels ; Verona Bonnie Brae, Verona kennels;
Kekko,- Miss Ida A. Kelley; Champ. Old Hall
Admiral, Verona kennels; Champ. St. Clalr
Laddie, Verona kennels; Collin, James S.
Black. •.
Dalmatians— Flashlight, Dr. W. Anderson;
Trilby F, . Badarous & Finn; Signal, Dr. Wins
low Anderson; Sport B. Badarous & Finn;
Nero F, Badarous & Finn; Hector, Dr. W. F.
McNutt; AJax. Dr. W. F.McNutt; Klondike
Bill. Joe Baruh; Rose B, Badarous & Finn;
Duke B, Joe Baruh; Queen B, Joe Baruh;
Duchess, Joe Baruh; Bessie B, Joe Baruh.
Poodles— Miss A. A. Head.
Bulldogs— Tyther's Ruler, Gilbert Allen;
Dick Crocker, Miss Corona . Ricardo; Commis
sioner, H. J. ' Knowles; Shaun C, John Cole
man; Bully, • Ernest H. Pfaeffle; Conqueror,
T. Knowles.
Bull — Grant Jr., M. H. Black; Mao
duff, Mrs. John T. Nicholson; Admiral, Fol
som kennels; Vernon H, A. Hirsch; Scaldy Bill,
John H. Samml;. White Star, Joseph W. Sala;
Mosquito, Folsom kennels; ' Richmond Lassie,
Joseph T. Cooney; Magic Harper, C. H. Jouett;
Woodcote Victory, John W. Barnes; Punches,
A. ■T. Leonard; Crooks. W. D. Mikel; De
stroyer, Folsom kennels; Scout, Folsom ken
nels; ■ Tabasco, Richard A. Rountree-; Pat
Murphy, Dr. Frank B. Robinson; "Peggie, E. E.
Shotwellr' Bessie L, George S. Lawrence;
Scaldy Mike, John H. Samml; • Rastus, John
Talt: Cruiser, Folsom kennels; Bessie B, Mrs.
J. A. Baxter; Lily, S. Wheeland; Imp. Wood
cote : Venom, S. Chrlstenson; Monitor, Folsom
kennels; Victor, Frank Dresser; Rowdy, W. H.
McWhinney; Fly, E. R. Folger; Torpedo, Fol
som ' kennels ; Lady Jane, Clinton E. Worden.
Fox terriers— Rlley Grannan, J. P. Atkins.
Smooth-coated fox terriers — Count Othmar,
N. H. Hlckman; Snowflake, Orangedale> ken
nels; Johnny Snow, Alex Myers; Nip T, Mrs. 8.
N. . Theall; Mascot E. L. Chevalier: Pytchley
Victor Pytchley kennels; Dauntless White Vio
let. -N. H. Hiokman; Monad Neruda, J. F.
Rose Soley: Defender, Norman F. d'Evelyn;
Pytchley Viking. J. H. Dlbbern: Ronoo, Mrs.
A. F. Marsh; Pytchley Vixen, Pytchley ken
nels.
■ Boston terriers — Manila, Albert Josephs;
Beauty, M. T. Alllman; Bessie, Mrs. H. H.
Carl ton.
Irish terriers— Miss , Nellie Blngham;
Flossie H. Mrs. M. B. Hooper.
Manchester or black and tan— Mrs. Wil
liam Buchanan.
Skye terriers— Little Blllie, Mrs. F. C. ' San
born; Flora, Miss Abbte Meehan; Bismarck,
Mrs. F. G. Sanborn; Trilby. Mrs. F. G. San
born; Topsy, Mrs. William Lotts Oliver.
Yorkshire terriers— Little Joker. E. Attridge;
Gipsy,' E. Attridge; Joker 11, Frank, Mrs. E.
B. Grace: Bradford Dot, E. Attridge.
Pomeranian :or spitz— Snowball, Mrs. C. E.
Hutchinson; Ophelia, George H. ■■■ Wallls;
Prince, Edward C. Biggs.
.Japanese spaniels— Jap, Miss Viola Plercy:
Kekko, Miss Ida A. Killey; Jap H, Miss Freda
Hatze: Yum Yum, 'H. A. Wagener; Mikado,
Miss Hooper; Our Jap, W. S. Kittle.
a: Daschunde — Dachsel, ■; Mrs. H. O. - Trow
bridge; Blitz. H. B. Vosral; Valtien, C. W.
Gross; Hilda 11. Mrs. B. Vogal; Scotty. George
E. ' Raubruger; Waldmann, Dr. H. Kreutz
mann; Kruger. Thomas Meln; Valtrena, C. W.
Gross: Fritz. J.B. Reinhardt.
- Pugs— Dollle C, Miss Florence Coffee.
Miscellaneous Class — Spruce. George W. Hans;
Wenwoe Zara, Gilbert Allen; Sycamore Tat
ters, Gilbert Allen; George M, J. A. Mohr: Fox,
Mrs. J. P. Atkins; Columbus, Charles J. Wohl
ander: Jumbo, F. Butler. ' ,
Dalmatians — Dr. Wlnslow Ander
son; Klondike Bill. Joe Baruh: Duchess, Joe
Baruh; Bessie B, Joe Baruh: Signal, Dr. W.
Anderson; Duke ■B, Joe Baruh; Trilby ,F.
Badarous & Finn; Queen B. Joe. Baruh ; Sport
B. 'Badarous & Finn; Nero F. Badarous &
Finn; Hector, Dr.' W. .F. McNutt.
ADVEBTISEMJENTS.
PROTECTED
from
DUST, DIRT
and
INJURY...
Chainless Bicycle
Is THE Success of 1898
Noiseless, smooth and light in action, th«
up-to-date rider finds it a
Delightfully
Perfect Vehicle.
POPE MFG. CO,, Makers. *
344 Post 5t..... San Francisco
1970 Page 5t..... .Cyclery
WM. CLARK,
102 Telegraph Aye Oakland
■ THEY ARE OFF. ■
i FORWARD, T
i GUIDE RIGHT! ■
I. |-|URRAH FOR OUR GAI^LANT m
m 1 1 boys in blue who are oft for the war "f
■■ to uphold ' the glory of the Stars and I
I Stripes, and whether to Manila or Cuba ■
m you can depend on our brave California I
I troops giving a good account of them- JU
I selves.' But they may , have to tramp ■■
■ many a weary mile up hill and down I
I dale, and each soldier should see that m -
*■ his feet are properly encased in good |
*r shoes We have a Bellows Tongue '
I Waterproof Lace , Shoe, especially " ■
H adapted for military service — I -\
I serviceable and stout — made of the best ■«
_L tannery calf skin, unlined, hand-welted, -",'
■ double soles, plain broad toes and bel- \J/
I lows tongues to exclude dust and dirt, M'
m which we ■ will sell for $2 50 a pair, f
I They are guaranteed for wear, and one : '
i pair of these shoes will last a cam- 91
B talgn. You can wear them anywhere — I
I over rocks or logs, rough roads, or -m
■ through mud and ' mire, and you will ™
"• always find them easy on the feet, as I
§| being hand-welted they are free from ■
j tacks or threads. The price, $2 50. |
J. Country orders solicited. I
■1 Send for Illustrated catalogue. S3
B. KATCHINSKI, ■
7 PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., 7
7 10 THIRD ST., San Francisco. 7
■-■-■-■-■-■-a—■-■-■-■a — ■-■-■-■
STERLING BICYCLES
Are Made to Wear, and You Can Get Them
for All Prices.
A. C. NICHOLS & CO.,
404 Battery St.,
Western Agents.
. The Helios Automatic Gas Lamps are the
only cafe and perfect lamps on the mar-
ket. Call in and see them.
A. C. NICHOLS & CO.
mtS)^ FOR
M, \ FINE TAILORING
4mSk PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
/Ssl^ WORKMANSHIP, at
M PlrPy 25 per cent Less than Other
M isp*u£ Tailors Charge, Go to
W$ JOE POHEIKS
'■/'" If H All Wool Suits to &l*% to <t QC •'
/ •■' t Order from $\L 4>du
/♦ I I Pantsfrom .. . $4tos|o4 to $|0
jp^"*^S^ ' 201 and 203 Montgomery St,
844 and 846 Market St.,
If 10 and 11 12 Market St, San Francisco.
MADE ME A MAN
j^&^ AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CUBE
6/"^ uULLlfcrTou* Irtsea»e»— Foiling Mem*
fd—c\ cry, Impotency, Sleeplessness, etc, caused -
X ,\\ by Abase or other Excesses and India*
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
A. LL HcrvoM* I>iseasea— Failing Mem-
ory, Impotency, Sleeplessness, etc., caused
by Abase or other EzcesseH and Indis-
cretions, They quickly and tureljt
V ~*7 restore Lost Vitality in old or young, ana
I^. fit a man for study, business or marriage.
**2r->i«aS&* Prevent Insanity and Consumption if.
t&ken'in me. Their uso shows immediate improve-
ment and effect, a CUKE where all other fail In-
sist upon having the genuine Ajas Tablets. They
have cared thousands and I ! care yoa. Weniva a pos-
itive written guarantee to offset a ra-o CJ* OT© in
each case or refund the money. Price WW VI w • per j
package; or six pkges (fall treatment) for (2.60.* By ■
mail. In plain wrapper, npon roceiptof price. Circnlar i
*»; AJAX KEWEnYCO., '• o i %£'° T l* t -
Hor sale In San Francisco by Leipnltz <& Co..
S 136 Butter. No-Percenta«e Pharmacy. 949 Wet.
o o ob 0000 o'o o o oo
2 T^ PALACE ; :«f.Sr
%CFtANDffmMhM%
I q SAN FRANCISCO. Q
** Connected by a covered pa*Rzg9wn-r. g±
° ,1400 Rooms. : 900 With Bath Attaohad. J?
O ALL VWBMK OVE JIAN-AGEME.SX. O
O NOTE THE PRICES: O
A European Plan. Sl. OO per day an! upward (%
, ** American Plan. S3. OO per day and upward ~*
CsSniUil Correspondence : Snlleittd. O
O JOHN C. KIRKPATBICK, Man»g«r. O.
Ob ooo boooooo
DR.MGNULTY.
Tins -.vKi.r, k.vowx and RKLrABLE or.t»
Spe»-ialistcMre* Private, Nervous. Skia
Diseases of Men oni.v.-Matily Power restored. Over
3) yean 1 experience. Send for Book, free. .i'atieut.i
cured at Home. -Terms reasonable... Hours. i) to 3
daily toS.SOcv'irs. iSjrulH.vs. 10 to 12. Consulta-
tlonfree and sacredly confidential. Call or address
. .: ■' P.BOSCOE BEeXVIfTT. St. ».,
|aO Kearnjr Strffl Sao l'r:iiulwi>. «'«!
iiffllilPßMS'
; HAVE YOU Sore Throat. Pimples, Copper- %
Colored Spots, Aches, : Old Sores, ' Ulcers I s'■
in Mouth, Halr-Falllns' Write COOK 1;;:. - M
1 ED V CO., ••= 213 MASOKIO  TESIPLE, --.=.■ CHI- ■ -
CAGO. j ILL., for proof a. of cures. - Capital % ■■':■
$500,000. 2:. Worst eases cured vi la to 36 <Uya mm
100-page Pool, free. " 'r- ';^^mj |
56
TUESDAY MAY 10, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
(EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stev«n»on Stre«t
Telephone Main 1874.
THE 6AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a wsek- By mall $6 p«r year; p«r montb
65 cents. ___
THE WEEKLY CALL.~_ __?? n * yy * qr# by mall> $150
OAKLAND OFFICE -^ .♦« 908 Broadway
(NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rig*« House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
_
CHICAGO OFFICE Marqnette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 357 Hayes street. ©Den until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Lark'n street, open until 9:30 o'clock- I
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518 j
Mission street, open until 9 lo'clock- '06 Eleventh j
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock. MW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "ln OW Japan."
Columbia— "Monbara "
California— "The Ens Urn."
Alcazar— "Niobe
Morocco's— "The Prisoner of Algiers"
Tlvoll— "Snip Ahoy."
Orpbeum— Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Masonic Festival.
Sherman, Clay Hall— Paloma Schranim, Saturday afternoon.
The Chutes- Zoo, Vaudeville, and "African Lion Hunt.
Clympia— Comer Mason and Eddy Btreeta. Specialties.
Central Park— Dosr and Pony Show.
Sutro Buthb — Swimming.
El Camyo — Music, dancing boating, fishlnr, every Sunday,
California Jockey Ciub, Oakland— Races to-day-i
HELP THE RED CROSS.
THE red cross represents the noblest form of
charity, not the giving of alms, but the bestowal
of gifts which are the right of the recipients,
at once a token of generosity, of friendship; gifts
which mean a godspeed and a benison.
Brave boys are going to the wars. They may be
called to Cuba or to the Philippines. In either case
they go to meet a foreign foe and the more deadly
enemy which lurks in tropic swamps. Some of them
will never return. They should be sent away know
ing that their State honors them, holds them in ten-
dor regard, intends that when they reach alien shores
they shall lack no comfort which thoughtfulness can
.provide.
* The Red Cross League of California has been or
ganized by earnest people. It must be said to the
credit of the women that they are its most active
members. Their hearts have been touched, and the
warmth of their sympathy has infected all about them.
It is not that men lack any measure of sympathy, but
the\ are busy. They are ready to give, but they wait
to be asked. They will not have long to wait. Sub
scriptions will be received from this time on until
there shall be no further need. It is not for a moment
feared that these will be slow in coming.
The First and Seventh regiments of California vol
unteers are in camp. Within a few days they are to
be started on a perilous journey. The time for pro
viding them with all they need is short, yet it will be
long enough. But this will not end the work. The
work must go on until the war has passed and the
boys, safe home again, have turned once more to the
pu: suits of peace.
NO TIN SOLDIERS.
THERE has been a tendency at times to poke fun
at the National Guard. Just why this should
have been so has never clearly appeared. It is
true that men who ordinarily are devoted to the arts
of peace and who don their uniforms generally for
parade pucposes could not be expected to meet a
sudden emergency just as trained soldiers would have
met it. Their leaders ofttimes have been incompetent.
The men in the ranks might be willing to obey or
ders to the utmost and be baffled by weak-kneed offi
cers. Now that the country has made a call the men
of the guard are ready and eager. They realize that
the prospect is not for a holiday. The stern business of
war confronts them, and they offer themselves. They
come so freely that the service cannot use them all.
There have been a few instances in which the men
have allowed themselves to think that war was a
scheme for the advancement of the individual, while,
indeed, it has a purpose much more serious. Some
guardsmen in this State, in Colorado, in New York,
and possibly elsewhere, have refused to serve unless
they were given the privilege of naming their own
officers. Happily the vacancy they thought to create
was filled too quickly /to be appreciable. It is no
time now for log-rolling. War offers no opportunity
to the tin soldier. But the young patriots come for
ward, full of courage, brimming over with en
thusiasm, anxious to endure risk and hardship. The
tin soldier may remain at home. The boys at the
front will not miss him.
Naturally enough, the bulletins received from
Washington during the day are not always absolutely
accurate. They necessarily embody rumor and opin
ion, neither perhaps well founded. The one stating
that the California volunteers would be sent to
Florida may be taken as a sample. If troops are to
go to Manila it is morally certain that the Californians
will be among them. The manifest absurdity of ship
ping them eastward and bringing others from the
East to take their places, entailing as it would addi
tional expense and delay, at once stamps the report
as groundless.
Another evil of prize-fighting is that every plug
ugly who becomes a professional thumper drifts from
the ring to the stage. It must be remembered that
there is in progress an effort to elevate the stage, and
this habit of the sloggers is a heavy handicap. The
public may be conscientious, but there is a limit to
its lifting powers.
The people of the United States are not gratified
at the opportunity to shed blood* Still, the sudden
death of the Spanish who hoisted flags of truce and
then shot at Americans who accepted the signals in
good faith will not create in this country an appre
ciable amount of mourning.
French papers are deeply chagrined by the Ameri
can victory at Manila. They had been so certain that
Dewey was bottled up in the bay. They apparently
lost sight of the fact that Dewey went equipped for
blowing out the cork.
Perhaps some of the politiciaus scrambling for
generalships do not realize that the gold braid they
hope to wear is subject to. thegperil oi being shot off.
THE CHARTER CAMPAIGN.
IT is a part and parcel of the highly edifying cam
paign which is now being conducted in favor of the
proposed charter to charge that the corporations
are "against" it Thus, the ex-Mission-street Boodler
calls on the people to ask themselves why certain in
dividuals who have read the instrument and demanded
explanations from its advocates, in the absence of
satisfactory answers, have usurped the privitege of
opposing its adoption. The Boodler does not deign
to explain anything. It does not tell us why it thinks
an autocratic Mayor is just the thing we want. It
merely alleges that the corporation organs are
"against" him and urges the people on that ground to
vote for the charter.
This would be a weak position to assume even if the
premises upon which it is based were true. But, as
a matter of fact, it is notorious that neither the cor
porations nor their organs are "against" the charter.
The Evening Post, the regularly retained and author
ized representative of the Southern Pacific in this
city, is a strong advocate of the adoption of the in
strument.
Up to date the Post has complimented the charter
makers for two features of their work. One is the
clever manner in which they have fixed the present
monopoly in street railway transportation. (We
imagine that Market-street railway bonds will go up
several points if the charter is adopted.) The other
is the skill with which they have placed the saloon
keepers of the city completely in the hands of the
Mayor and Police Commission. In order to suppress
the "saloon vote" and abolish the saloons the Post
says the people under the charter need only pledge
the Mayor to appoint a temperance Police Commis
sion.
No other corporation organ has said a word about
the charter. The fact that the organs are all devoting
strict attention to the war to the exclusion of the
subject plainly indicates the character of their "or
ders." The Boodlcr thinks the sugar trust is
"against" the charter. For the purpose of answering
this averment we assume that the sugar trust is in
terested. The Boodler's evidence on this point should
be conclusive. It is the business of the Boodler to
ascertain the interests of corporations for the purpose
of blackmailing them, and it certainly ought to know
whether or not the sugar trust is interested in the
adoption of the charter. But if the sugar trust is
"against" the charter it is certainly out of its mind.
Centralization of municipal power is exactly what the
trust ought to desire. By combining with the rail
road, water, gas and other corporations, it may, un
der the proposed charter, easily capture the Mayor,
and, thus, by electing one man, accomplish what is
now accomplished by electing several.
The truth of the matter is, however, none of the
corporations are "against" the charter. On the con
trary, they are hard at work winning the "push" over
to it.' The extreme quiet which overspreads the poli
tical horizon indicates that the plans for its adoption
are well matured. But if the people, with the aid of
the ex-Mission-street Boodler, fall into the trap it
will be their own fault. Perhaps Huntington and the
Boodler have again got together. The former has not
yet been asked by the Railroad Commission concern
ing that $30,000 "advertising" contract. Can it be
possible that a new contract has been entered into, a
covenant of which is the creation in this city of a
Lord Mayor to be owned by Huntington?
POSOTFFICE ECONOMIES.
Q MENDMENTS made in the Senate to the
f\ postoffice appropriation bill, though designed
* *in the interests of economy, will not be popu
lar with any portion of the people. It is even doubt
ful whether the House will agree to them, and prob
ably the only effect they will produce will be that of
reviving the discussion over the postal deficit, which
cuoied so ranch of public attention during the past
winter.
All parties arc agreed that the annual deficit in the
postal revenues is the result of wasteful methods em
ployed at present, but differences exist as to the
proper remedy to apply. In the House two plans of
economy were put forward. One of these aimed to
reduce the expense of carrying second class mail mat
ter by restricting the privilege of that class of postage
to legitimate newspapers. The other aimed at re
ducing the cost of transporting all classes of mail by
diminishing the rates paid the railroads for transpor
tation. Either of these if adopted would have put an
end to the deficit, but both were rejected and the bill
went to the Senate framed in such a way as to make
it certain another deficit would result from the oper
ations of the year.
The Senators in seeking economy have adopted
neither of the plans proposed in the House. Their
amendments will restrict the postal service in cities
by limiting the mail deliveries to a number not ex
ceeding four each day, and the country service by
striking out the appropriation for rural free delivery.
This means not economy in the true sense of the
word, but a saving of money by lessening the service
rendered. We are not to have under the Senate
amendments a more economical administration of
the postoffice, but a cheaper and poorer mail accom
modation for the people.
Nothing can be said in favor of the reduction in
the service except that it will save a considerable sum
of money, and when the burden of war taxes begins
to be felt that may perhaps be accounted a good ar
gument. It will not be forgotten, however, that if
the Loud bill had been adopted the deficit would
have been overcome and the necessity for reducing
the service would not have existed. As the matter
stands the whole question comes up for reargument
and possibly for settlement by some plan which will
diminish the cost of the service without in any way
diminishing the service itself.
The ministers of this city deserve praise and thanks
for the manly attitude they have sustained from the
first in relation to the duty i>i this country to subdue
and in a measure civilize Spain. Only one or two of
them have talked "peace at any price," and happily
no attention has been paid to these.
Of course it is pleasingtotalkof the Spanish squadron
as "Sampson's prey," but it is a trifle rash to consider
the squadron as being taken. There are doubtless
men aboard those ships who have a prejudice against
being the prey to anybody, and they have some guns
wherewith to express disapproval.
The recent interview with the Queen Regent was
a fake, and the one with Mrs. McKinley was a fake.
This was their only excuse for being printed. Had
they been true, to neither would have attached the
least interest nor importance.
Probably reports that yellow fever had broken out
in the South arose from the presence there of stray
copies of one of Hearst's journals.
Some question has arisen as to the politics of
Dewey. Possibly he is a bimetallism He seems to be-
Jjeiaa.in.firciiJati n g. steeiasd iron*- -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 10, 1898.
(I SIN OF OMISSION.
SECRETARY PORTER has found it necessary
to issue through the Associated Press a state
ment warning the public against alleged inter
views with the President and Mrs. McKinley pub
lished in the unscrupulous yellow journals. Referring
to certain recent fakes of the kind, which were false
both in text and in substance, Mr. Porter says: "The
President made no such comments either to repre
sentatives of the press or to individuals. Since his
inauguration he has adhered strictly to the policy of
not talking for publication, and this will continue to
be the invariable rule in the future. Any other course
would be injudicious, for reasons which need not be
dwelt upon. The same applies to Mrs. McKinley,
who has several times recently been misquoted as
having granted authorized interviews."
The warning is timely and will be well received by
the public, and yet in making it Mr. Porter was guilty
of a regrettable sin of omission. He should have made
his reference to the offending journals as definite as
he made his denial of their fakes. He should have
named the papers that concocted the lies and thus
made his warning and rebuke doubly effective.
Mr. Porter doubtless thought the general public
would know to what papers he referred without his
naming them, and the thought in the main was well
founded, but none the less would it have been better
for him to have been clear and specific. A vague
charge leaves a certain sense of vagueness in the
minds of all who read it, no matter how well posted
they may be. Moreover, a lying journalist cares little
for a general charge against lying journalism. The
only way to make him wince is to point him out to
popular scorn by naming him.
An illustration of the' defectiveness of Mr. Porter's
method of dealing with the evil is to be found in the
fact that his statement was published yesterday by The
Call and the Chronicle, but not by the Examiner.
The reason the latter journal did not publish it is be
cause it is one of the offending journals that circulat
ed the faked interview with Mrs. McKinley. This
fact, however, was probably noted by a comparatively
few persons, whereas, if Mr. Porter had named the
Examiner and the Journal as the fakers of the false
interviews the point and object of his statement
would have been fully understood by all.
It is high time for the line between true journalism
and the daily publication of lying fakes to be clearly
and impressively drawn. This can never be done by
issuing disclaimers in general terms. Men who have
occasion to notify the public of faked nnd false inter
views should never neglect to give notice also of the
paper that did the wrong. The alleged interview with
Mrs. McKinley was for example a gross and indecent
outrage, and the President's secretary in correcting
the injury as far as he could by denial should have
gone further and made the liar that concocted it feel
the lash of public scorn by giving both his name and
that of the journal that employed him to do his dis
reputable work.
SPANISH FINANCIERING.
THE delay of the war revenue bill in the Senate
is for the purpose of exploiting theories and
making politics. The fiatists propose that the
Government shall be left without revenue in this war
emergency unless they have their way and try their
crude experiments with the public credit. The ex
perience derived from the financial legislation of our
Civil War teaches that the costliest method of emer
gency financiering is the issue of legal tender paper
as credit notes like the greenbacks. It is also the
easiest method for fooling some of the people all the
time, and all of the people some of the time, as it did
in 1862. The Government must pay soldiers and
sailors, provide transportation and commissary, equip
a medical staff and hospital corps, buy arms and
munitions of war, build or buy ships and man them.
It must, in other words, be continually buying some-
ghing and can no more control the price of it than
can a private person. When it pays in paper credits
like the greenbacks the more it issues the less is
their purchasing power and the more i. has to pay
in its promises to pay for what it needs to use.
As we have said repeatedly, this method doubled
the cost of the Civil War. The people have ever
since been paying two dollars for one dollar value
received, together with the interest on the exira dol
lar for which they got nothing.
Now the fiatists in the Senate are holding back the
war revenue bill until they can so amend it as to call
for an immediate issue of $150,000,000 more credit
notes like the greenbacks. They do this in order to
lend consistency to their incendiary howl about the
bondholders. The Government can borrow $500,
000,000 on 3 per cent bonds which will sell at a
premium of 4 per cent, and can with the proceeds
buy what it needs to earn' on the war, getting a
dollar's value for every dollar paid. But this does
not suit the fiatists. They have been the most per
sistent detractors of Spain and have done most of the
inflammatory appealing which has excited our people.
But now, taking advantage of the public necessity,
they propose to compel the Government to imitate
the Spanish financial methods, which are part of the
evidence of the decay of that nation. They might as
well insist that the strategic boards of the army and
navy imitate the military methods of Spain, and that
we adopt her ideas and plans of armament on land
and sea.
The method they propose is the costliest and most
extravagant It is' adopted by Spain because by that
kind of financiering she has so depleted her credit
that she has no other resort. She is like a starving
bankrupt who issues his notes of hand and sells them
for what trifle they will fetch.
But we are under no such necessity. Our credit
is high; we do not have to resort to the methods of
the defaulted and insolvent nations, and least of all
need we imitate the unhappy and unscientific methods
of our moribund enemy.
If this Spanish financiering succeed in the Senate
it will be the beginning of domestic troubles of the
most serious and far-reaching character. It will put
upon the President the necessity of vetoing the bill
and leaving the treasury without resources to supply
the drain of war, or he will be compelled to sign it
and double the cost of the adventure. In either
case more harm is done to the people and taxpayers
than Spain can inflict if the war were to last a dozen
years.
When the primary Red Cross move was made in
this city several people had the nerve to attend the
meeting and decry the whole matter. The way in
which they were swept aside must occasion within
their minds about the same degree of conviction a
person is said to have when a house falls on him.
lt is to be hoped the Governor of the Philippines
will not interpret his order "to resist to the last" to
mean that he is to poison the water supply of Manila.
Admiral Dewey seems to be a "Veni, vidi, vici"
jort of awwanior, both in action, and h|s account pi it.
THE PRESS OF OTHER LANDS.
SPAIN EXPIATING HER SINS.
We have consistently deprecated a resort to hostilities throughout th .
crisis. We believe that the war will ruin Spain; that it will seriously Dur
den the finances of the United States; that it may injure the suffering tu
bans more than it can benefit them; that the American people will ff v™«u ™«
more than they expect; that our own interests may be compromlsea. aim
that Eureopean complications may be set up which will constitute a new
and lasting danger to the peace of the world. But, once the war na ° D ®'
gun, there is no doubt on which side our sympathies must be. bpam 13
incompetent, corrupt, decadent; she is expiating the sins of centuries, ±ne
United States is intervening in the cause of humanity, and setting a sai
utary example to Europe. The pity is that it should be so easy tor Eu
rope to misrepresent its true significance.— The Speaker, London.
CANADIAN GOVERNMENT'S RAILROAD TO THE YUKON.
The announcement that the Provincial Government has perfected its
plans to secure the immediate construction of a railway from a coast port,
in this province, to the headwaters of the Yukon, at Teslin Lake, will be
received with entire satisfaction on the coast. The measure is such, we
believe, that it will meet with the approbation of every right-thinking,
fair-minded, unbiased man. The Government administration is certainly
to be commended for its action in this matter, as it has risen to an occasion
forced upon it, in consequence of the Senate rejecting the arrangement
made between the Federal Government and Messrs. Mackenzie & Mann.
Having already referred to the importance of this work to British Col
umbia as a whole, and to the coast cities in particular, as well as to the
farming community, it is not necessary now to repeat that which we have
already stated. This, we can say, however, that \*a action to be taken by
the Government and .the Legislature will mark a new era in the history
of the province. It Vill give a stimulus to business generally, and will
have for its effect the continuance of a period of prosperity, the parallel of
which has never been witnessed on the coast before. It is believed now
that many who have hitherto been hostile to the scheme being undertaken
by the Government, will" give their adhesion to the proposition.— The World,
Vancouver, B. C.
PUTTING THEMSELVES IN OUR PLfICE.
It Is difficult for Englishmen to follow with any real appreciation the
development of opinion in America. We cannot realize the impression
which has been made by the destruction of the Maine, but we may conceive
It as a flash-light which has made a vivid reality of the atrocious regime in
Cuba. Until the Maine w r as destroyed, the tale of Cuba pricked the con
science from a distance, but there were a dozen reasons for postponing or
avoiding active measures. After the destruction of the Maine, the iniqui
ties of Spain have seemed urgent and actual, a crying cause for immediate
intervention. There are no doubt questions of policy Intermingled, but none
of us can doubt the emotion is natural and humane, or that we ourselves
should in like position have been equally inflamed. Let us, then, be care
ful how we pose as critics of American behavior at this difficult moment.
We confess that from this point of view we follow with singular vexation
the tone and manner of the communications which the Times correspond
ent sends daily from New York. "The public toleration of Congress," he
tells us this morning, "is a thing almost more disheartening than Con
gress itself." Why say anything so gratuitous and so offensive as that? If
Americans like to say it themselves, let them say it. But for the Times to
print this and much like it day by day as from the correspondent of a Brit
ish p»per is to do mischief which is not easily repaired.— Westminster Ga
zette.
NEVER STRONG ON THE SEA.
But even when circumstances made her the first of naval powers Spain
was never equal to the task she undertook. A great Italian sailor se
cured for her the empire of the West. The fighting prowess of two great
military captains won for her Mexico and Peru. Her splendid armies con
quered Portugal and brought her the widest colonial dominion of the uge.
But it was not by sea that Spain won her supremacy, and not by naval
victories that she laid her grip on every quarter of the globe. Even when
her power and wealth seemed irresistible, when her military reputation
was at its height, when the world was strewn with her territories and the
ocean laden with her argosies and fleets, her real naval power was utterly
incommensurate with the astonishing pretensions which it made. As soon
as England and Holland laid a finger on it, her maritime empire crum
bled into dust. The Armada only revealed a fact which English sailors
had long suspected, and the consciousness of which explains Drake's sub
lime contempt for the menaces of Spain — the fact that, even at the zenith
of their fame, the Spaniards had no mastery of the arts by which the sea
is held. Is there on record a battle which shows that Drake and Blake
and Jervis and Nelson were mistaken in their low estimate of Spanish sea
men? Can any of us recall the name of a Spanish ad
miral of genius, or of any great Spanish naval victory since
Lepanto, which was won largely by Venetian crews? If we look at
the history of Spain since the Armada, we find only a succession of naval
disasters, a succession of triumphs for any state which has ventured to
grapple with the Spaniards on the °eas. Take the history of the seven
teenth century and follow the career of the Dutch admirals and of the
greatest of Nelson's predecessors, Blake. Take the eighteenth century
and notice how even Alberoni and Patino failed, with all their efforts, to
resuscitate the fleets of Spain. Take the modern war in Chile, and mark
how few antagonists Cochrane could find there worthy of his steel. Even
In the days of her greatest power at sea, Spain wae notoriously deficient
in the capacity of her sailors, and since those days she has steadily de
clined. To-day Spanish gunners and Spanish engineers are confessedly
among the worst in Europe. It would be little short of a miracle if it should
turn out that Spain, within the last two decades, had bred a race of sea
men capable of reversing the unvarying misfortunes of the past. It Is
when we consider the temper and traditions of the opposing nations, far
more than when we study their resources and their fleets, that we real
ize how little probability a war womd offer even of a transient Spanish
victory, and how much there is to justify the American people's expecta
tion that from the very beginning of the contest they would sweep th»
Spaniards from the sea. — The Speaker.
PERU A HELL-LIKE REPUBLIC.
Teiklchi Tanaka of the Moiioka Shokai has lately returned home from
South America* He has brought home a contract agreed upon between
the Peruvian republic and his firm for the supply of 30,000 Japanese emi
grants. The terms are that the emigrants are to be males between 20 to
45 years of age, are to undertake farm work of ten hours a day, except on
Sundays and national holidays, and are to receive 25 yen per month. The
contract period will be four years. These are very favorable terris to Jap
anese and doubtless many emigrants will be forthcoming. But there Is an
other attraction. The Peruvians are said to be strong Japanophiles. A
law was In force i jiblddi. the marriage of Peruvian subjects with for
eigners, but this law Is said to have been repealed, specially in view of
encouraging the arrival of Japanese and their marriage with Peruvian wo
men. The President himself is a thorough lover of Japanese. He asked
Mr. Tanaka to bring, when the latter revisited the republic, a batch of
Japanese carpenters and other mechanics to build for him a model Japanese
house. The "Union Club," a club organized by fashionable gentlemen,
wanted to engage twenty Japanese boys to wait upon them at the club at
a monthly salary of $12 with food and clothing. All these are so tempting
that we needy editors at first were strongly inclined to cast away our
pen and to sail to Peru by the first ship. But a dismal tale about that
republic which a friend of ours submitted to us stopped us from taking the
rash step. This gentleman had been to Peru several years ago and stayed
there long enough *~ learn much about the country and the people. He
told us that Peru is a v>ry unhealthy country and the Peruvians are little
better than ruffians, th: horrible crimes are committed in broad daylight
and the police Itself is almost the den of robbers, that life and property are
in perpetual danger and that even the omnipresent Chinese do not dare to
penetrate into this hell-like republic. Maybe there is a little exaggeration
In this story but It is quite true that the republic is In a very unsettle*
state and the country Is very unhealthy. When we recall how some ten
years ago a big Japanese capital was invested In a certain silver mine and
went Into the pockets of some fraudulent Peruvians we can not free our
selves from the suspicion that there might be some fraud In the emigration
enterprise. It Is reported that the Morioka Shokai is contemplatine- sondin^
out to Peru as first batch 1003 emigrants by May next. It is hkhlv de
sirable that, before this is done, the Government will make a close- fnvpa
tlgatlon Into the matter.— The Hansel Zasshi (Japan).
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
Lieutenant J. H. Lee Holcombe, U. S.
A., is at the Occidental.
George Foster Piatt, manager for Lewis
Morrison, is at the California.
B. F. Hake, the wealthy cattleman of
Omaha, is registered at the Lick.
L,. A. Spltzer of San Jose, the County
Assessor of Santa Clara, Is at the Grand.
Charles Monroe, an attorney of Los An
geles, and partner of Senator Stephen M.
White, is staying at the Palace.
Rear-Admiral J. N. Miller registered at
the Occidental with two lieutenants— F.
S. Rodgers and Philip Andrews, U. S. M.
Martin Wallace, City Councilman of
Portland, Or., and Dr. B. E. Miller, a
prominent physician of lhat city, are at
the Grand.
Dr. M. B. Campbell is at the California
from Patton. Cal., to attend the Congress
of the California State Medical Society,
which will meet on the 11th, 12th and Uth
of this month.
T. A. Grady, manager of excursions for
the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Rail
road, with headquarters at Chicago, has
arrived in the city on business connected
with his road.
Mrs. Kate J. Willats, one of the leading
spirits of the fair in aid of the Masonic
home, and a prominent member of the Or
der of the Eastern Star, is at the Bald
win, together with her daughter, Miss S.
M. Willats.
A distinguished party of Japanese ar
rived last night on the City of Peking
from Yokohama and registered at the
Palace. la the partß are Captain K. Sa
kurai, who will remain here to take com '
?M of h ? , new Japanese war vessel, the
f'n ™°t lately built and launched at the
Union * Iron Works, and Captain N £!
sh wabara. t who will ; proceed \to Phlladel
bun fn BmU8 m U Charge ° f another cruiser
built for his Government at Cramp's The
others are J. hida;xT: J. NakagawT
who .goes tO t he Legation at WaehSS
M. O. Kunomiya.' T. Hlrabe, H Hlrae M
Tsuchina, H. , * UPahaßhl - X - Invrichl and
A pleasant Httle
scene served to
relievo the mo
notony and light
en the prosaic
routine In the
general freight
office of the
Southern Pacific Company In the Union
Trust building yesterday afternoon. It
appears that William L. Wall, one of the
many genial clerks In said office, who ha*
been Indulging in mimic warfare as first
sergeant of Company M, First Regiment,
had volunteered his services In behalf
of his Government and had enlisted to de
fend our glorious flag in the more serious
duties of active and real warfare.
A
PRETTY
TRIBUTE.
Arrayed in his regimentals he was down
bidding his ; former superiors and the , boys
generally good-by, and waa about to take
his ; departure and the good wishes of ; his
associates when ; he ; - was ; unceremoniously
hustled into an adjoining office, where H.
A. Sully proceeded :in a kindly manner to
Impart -nerly advice v to the young pa
triot, telling him how all his friends were
sorry to see him go. but that they all
■ gloried in . his patriotic U Inclination ; . and
, that they intended to "watch" for his ad
vancement to a generalship. ' . ; :. : ;-? ' : /% :?y
';j The full V meaning ?of ; this last * remark
was evidenced when Mr. Sully disclosed
to view a handsome gold watch, suitably
inscribed, which he . presented to the
blushing defender of his country's honor
as a mark of esteem from his former
fellow clerks. The gallant William was
too much overcome to make a suitable
reply, but he took the watch and mum
bled a heartfelt thanks to the spokesman.
It is said that when he returns his posi
tion will be open for him, which appears
to be contrary to the impression that pre
vails In certain quarters as to the policy
of the big corporation in such matter*.
Samuel Bissinger left Sunday evening
last on a six months' tour through Eu
rope. Mr. Bissinger goes to attend the
celebration of the golden wedding of his
parents, which takes place in Ichenhau
sen. Germany, toward the end of August.
H. C. Bush, general agent of the Santa
Fe, Is in Milwaukee attending the trans
continental freight bureau meeting hav
ing for its object the establishing of rates
between Eastern points and the Pacific
Coast. He will return in the course of
two weeks. . -_
W. J. Walshe. L. T. Shepard and Is. C.
Warner of the San Bernardino Press, the
last of thir^'-five delegates from the
southern part of the State, who attended
the convention of the Foresters of Amer
ica at Healdsburg, and who have been
at the California for two weeks.will leave
for their homes to-morrow.
FALLACIES OF THE CHARTER.
It 13 said by the advocates of the new
charter that: "We have now a governing
body of twelve members, and if we multi
ply it by ten, you get 120 of the same kind.
You take them from the same source and
must have the same result." B»t, if we
divide the number by two or twelve, you
will still have six or one, also of the same
kind. You take them from the same
source and must also have the Bame re
sult. If the source of power is corrupt,
you simply concentrate corruption by re
ducing numbers. Now the fact is, there
is not a single instance where large pow
ers have been conferred upon a Mayor,
as in Brooklyn, Boston, Cleveland, In
dianapolis, Quincy, Cincinnati, and other
cities in which that power has not been
abused as often as any power possessed
by Supervisors, and the experience of
many cities has proved that It is easier
to elect a bad Mayor than a bad Board
of Supervisors, some of whom are certain
to be honest. Ail the machine has to do
is to concentrate its energies upon tha
election of a Mayor, which it does wnn
uniform success, except under conditions
of unusual excitement, or when the Mayor
is powerless. Under a storm of public
excitement, Seth Low was elected as a
model Mayor in Brooklyn. He was fol
lowed by Whitney, Chapln and Moody,
who were creatures of "Boss"' McLougn
lin. For eight successive years the city
suffered frightfully from corruption, ex
travagance, inefficiency and waste. In
Boston, Mayor after Mayor has been
elected, only to disappoint the hopes or
municipal reformers. The public debt was
increased, employes were hired at moro
than the market rate of wages, and the
neatest frauds in executive contracts
have been perpetrated by the Board 01
Public Works.
In Cleveland, the concentration of power
has not brought about the application of
business methods. In Cincinnati, Boss
Cox still rules the Mayor. Philadelphia,
under the Mayor and six of his appointees
as heads of departments, has the worst
government in the United States. This
city has not had a good Mayor since 1287.
Civil service rules are a dead letter. The
city is controlled by politicians, who live
on patronage and are both corrupt and
extravagant.
In Quincy, the author of the concen
tr.-i.tinj? charter admitted its failure, and
states that local jobbing and caucus poli-
I tics are as rampant as ever. Indianapolis
had a brand new charter of the San Fran
cisco type in 1891, which started up under
ideal conditions. Sullivan, Denny and
I Taggart have been the successive Mayors,
I and the last was re-elected last year.
Civil service and charter ordinances have
been systematically ignored. The offices
are filled for personal and partisan gain,
and before election three times the need
ed number of laborers were employed.
The Department of Public Works was in
vestigated, revealing gross inefficiency
and corruption in contracts arfd the exe
cution of puliHc works. Mayor Taggart
has made wholesale removals and reap
pointments in his own interest.
M.n are not trees, which by increased
number do not alter the nature of the
fruit. The fruit of associated numbers
is altogether different from that of a
small number or a single man. A large
number discourages corruption, for it is
more costly and difficult to buy 61 out of
120 than 7 out of 12 or 10 out of 18.
When men act together in a corporate
capacity their power is enormously in
creased, while that of the individual is
lost. This is the essential condition of all
good government. The greatest feature
in a city government is the appointing
power. In a corporate body, no one has
personal power to appoint hi? friends and
relatives or political associates. There is
no patronage and politics cannot count
on spoils. Patronage is the food of
"bosses." who cannot thrive without it.
The elected "bosses" barter their patron
age with Supervisors for more appro
priations, and with outside, "bosses" of
the Buckley stripe for electoral support.
Patronage is the main cause of corrup
tion and extravagance, nnd is the curse
of city government. It is perpetuated and
extended in the new charter. Under such
conditions there is no promise of im
provement, either in efficiency or econo
my. J. H. STALLARD.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per. Ib at Townsend's.*
. — » <» « .
Henry E. Highton lectures at 117 Turk
street Wednesday evening-. { , •
■ ♦ .. — .____
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main li>42. •
Special Notice.
Those troubled with dandruff and ltch
lngr scalp mall this to Smith Bros, for free
sample of Smiths' Dandruff Pomade. For
sale by all druggists. •
General Thoams L. Rosser, the fiery
old soldier of the Confederacy, says ho
has not offered his services to the Govern
ment for the reason that "the country
needs young men for officers, sailors and
soldiers, rather than deaf, half-blind,
rheumatic old fellows, who know little
of modern tactics, however bravely they
might have fought in the last war."
Fob Hoahsexess, Coughs, asthma asd
BBOXCHIAL TROUBLES, use "Brown's Bronehal
Troches." Sold only in brxes. Avoid Imitations
If you suffer from looseness of the bowels Da
fcIEGERT'S ANGOSTURA BITTERS will cure you.
Be sure you fret Db. Sikgkrt s.
A Hamburg manufacturing firm, as we
are credibly Informed, has patented a
musical I bicycle, contrived in such sort
that it plays popular airs while the ma
chfne is P in motion, quite independent
of any impulse agency on the part of the
rider. This latest appliance of misdi
rected motive force has received the
Special designation of "the Troubadour."
and la credited by its fiendish Inventor
with the possession of instrumental re
sources the full development of which will
be awaited in fear and trembling by civ
ilized mankind.— London Telegraph.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
The Royal is the highest grade baking powder
known. Actual tests show it goes one-
third further than «ny giber brand.
POWDER
Absolutely Pure
[ ROYAL ■AKIWO fOWOER CO., NEW YO9K.MASONS' HIGH REVEL FOR CHARITY
CLEAR as an alpine horn thenoteßofa
bugle rang out, then a wave of the
director's hand and the great doors
of Mechanics' Pavilion swung open
a 1 T o'clock last evening, and the Masonic
F< stival, Instituted in the cause of char
ity, was on. Ir. a mystic maze of color,
In a fairy land one can imagine, the festi
val was opened and there it will close,
but behind the doors will be left gold
enough to almost if not quite enough to
complete the home where the fatherless
and the penniless widows may live in com
fort and peace.
Shortly after the doors of the Pavilion
swung open the crowds begun to pour
into the building, and by 10 o'clock 10,000
poople were grouped about the booths.
Kvery one who came came in charity's
cause and had either a penny or an eagle
or perhaps more to arid to the growing
fund. From thousands of lipe came words
of praise for those who have the festival
in their charge, for the great amount of
labor they had expended in decorating
the hall and the booths and for their
last'- in that work. Overhead, stretched
across the great building, hang draperies
blue as the firmament and like the heav
enly todies of the night golden stars are
hung. Red. white and blue, blue and gold
predominate in the decorations below and
in between a kaleidoscope of rainbow
colors complete the picture, all except the
life that is added by daintily dressed
maidens and matrons, who with merry
laugh and jest sell their wares that the
poor may laugh and jest with them. Out
from behind the draperies of these daz
zling booths are maidens and matrons
also, and those who come to look remain
to buy, and not one plea for charity is
passed unhonored.
At a Quarter of 8 o'clock the clarion
notea of a cornet told that preparations
for the opening of the programme were
being hurried, and soon from a distant
wing of the building a column of march
ers, composed of the ladies in charge of
the booths, made its appearance and
started around the hall. In and out in
lines and figures they marched, and,
dressed in white gowns with dainty caps,
they made a picturesque but in no way
formidable appearance, quite different
from the boys in blue of the Fourteenth
Kegiment. who arrived yesterday from
Vancouver on their way to the front. Fol
lowing the march Bennet's band rendered
a selection, "Songs or' All Nations," and
then Charles I^. Patton took the stand
to deliver an address of welcome to the
Masons' assembled guests. The speaker
usked all to be merry and accept the hos
pitality of the lodge and to remember the
noble cause that had brought them to
gether. He spoke of th* waifs and widows
that needed shelter, comfort and protec
tion, and all evidently were in sympathy
with his views if the applause that fol
low* d can stand as a basis for judgment,
maa Flint Jr., grand master of the
I Lodge of California, followed Mr.
n, and then the event of the evening
; lace The children of the public
schools, dressc-d in white, here and there
a little relief in color, sang the national
anthem, "America." Half a thousand or
more childish voices swelled with the
Of the selection that thrills the pa
troits" blood, and when they had finished
voices cheered the flushed and hap
py singers until the Pavilion trembled.
1 ir. Jacob Vt.orsanger was next on the
programme, and he delivered an eloquent
oration on the cause the Masons were
furthering. When he had concluded the
ADVANCE GUARD OF
MANILA'S INVADERS
READY FOR THE FRONT
A Battalion of the Fourteenth U. S. Infantry in Camp.
Light Batteries and Cavalry Coming
From Utah.
MDRE troops will be mobilized at the
Presidio. The regiments now on the
reservation are but the advance
guard of the great column. Tele
grams were received from General
Merrlam yesterday announcing that two
light batteries of artillery and one troop
of cavalry from Utah will be Immediately
sent to San Francisco. A press dispatch
says that a regiment of infantry from
South Dakota has been ordered to this
city. General Merriam at last accounts
was at Vancouver hastening the work of
organizing the volunteer regiments of
Washington, Oregon and Idaho for con
centration at the Presidio.
Significant orders came from Washing
ton yesterday, and in compliance with ■
directions a recruiting office will be j
opened at army headquarters In the ;
Phelan building at 10 o'clock this morning.
Bight hundred artillerymen will be en
listed for the Third United States Artil- j
lery. The recruiting officer is First Lieu
tenant Delamere Skerrett, Third Artil
lery, U. S. A.
Recruits will be accepted on the same
terms regarding- discharge as the volun
teers obtain. At the close of the war j
honorable discharge will be granted to !
such men as apply. Some of the men will
probably go to the Philippines, while '
others will remain hero to man the de- \
fenses of this harbor. Of course, all will ;
be subject to orders sending them wher- i
ever their services may be necessary.
Each heavy battery of the regular serv
ice on a war footing will consist of one
captain, one first and two second lieuten- i
ants, one lirst sergeant, twenty-two ser
geants, ten corporals, two musicians,, two
artificers, one wagoner and 162 privates,
making a total of 203. This strength is an
expansion from a peace footing of 78.
To-day Lieutenant Skerrett, occupying
the spacious offices recently vacated by
the inspector-general of the Department
of California In the Phelan building, will
receive applications for enlistment. Sur
geons will be present to conduct the medi
cal examination. The artillery service
ranks high and since the enlistments are
on the same terms that the volunteers re
ceive, the best young men of the land
may respond. . ■ , '
Eighty horses for the troop of cavalry
and 100 horses for the light artillery com
ing from Utah will be purchased in Cali
fornia, under the direction of the chief
quartermaster. . • ■ -".
General Merriam has sent messages by
wire to the quartermaster's ; department
here, embracing requisitions for every
article needed for the equipment of the ,
Washington and Oregon volunteers.
The following order was issued from
army headquarters yesterday: - ( ■v j
1. Flint Lieutenant John M. - Kcstll, Fourth
Cavalry,, is detailed to perform the duties of
chief quartermaster of such organizations', of
the regular army as do not belong to the gar
rison of the Presidio of San Francisco and of
the volunteers mustered Into the .service of the
United ! States, encamped on . this * reservation,
until such time as a chief quartermaster r.hall
have been appointed for duty with these troops.
All requisitions and official correspondence per
taining to the quartermaster's department -will
be submitt.fl, lor th.- necessary ofiiiial | action,
to Lieutenant XeaJl by the quartermasters of J
the respective organizations.
By command of Brigadier General Merriam
EDWARD FIELD,
Major Second Artillery, Acting Assistant Ad- j
jutant General.
Major Edward Field, adjutant ! general
of the Department of California, yester
day - received by wire a message from
General Merriam to this effect; .■■..■•■:■.••..•■ ,
"Instruct th.- commanding officer at the
Presidio to designate ; one officer, to aid I
each volunteer regimental commander in
drawing and issuing arms, "clothing * and
general outfit, and accounting for same,
as these regiments j arrive and go ■;. into
camp, and give all other aid necessary to I
start administration." ■<> •
In line with the foregoing Colonel . Mor
/ris. Fourth United States Cavalry, com
manding 1 the post at the Presidio, desig
nated Captain ' James '■ » Lockett, r Troop ? I,-
Fourth United States Cavalry, to perform
the duty enjoined by General Merriam. •
Captain Lockett and First /Lieutenant
Neafl, the chief quartermaster of volun
teers, are able and active officers. .
I Meutonant • » James E. Nolan, <. Fourth '
programme was continued in the order
scheduled as follows:
"Hail California"
By Children of the Public Schools.
Scenes from "Faust" Gounod
Duo for cornets, "Swiss Boy" Bent
By Misses Pearl Noble and Alice Mitchell.
' 'Serenade" Mosko wski
Fancy Dance. Minuet de Mozart— Ladies of
Mount Morlah Lodge No. 44. F. and A. M. :
Mrs. William E. Boyer. Miss Fannie Eber
hart, Theo. Frolich, Natalie Baxoaky, Miss
Florence Coomb, Messrs. James A. Christie,
Joseph Eber. James A. Shute, Henry Wallace.
Arranged and danced under the supervision
of Waldron W. Anderson and Fred B. Wehe.
March, 'Masonic Festival" Bennett
Orpheus overture Offenbach
Pigeon Dance— Ladies of the Postofflce Booth:
Misses Alice C. Voorsanger. Alice Bruce,
Minnie Brune, Reglna Placeman, Almee Cel
lurius. Maude Haas, Stella Goodman, Emma
Prosek, Tillle Ohlsodt, Belle Rapp, Mamie
Voor?anger. Assisted by Messrs. Fred Ham
mersmith, Harold Warwick, Jesse Kutz, Os
car Meussdorffer, Edward Schnutenhaus, Os
car G?ntner, Arthur ICtteaedorffer, John
Plag-embn, Jason Gould, Paul Westerfeld,
Hardy Cellarius, Dr. A-ady, Merritt Robln-
"Star Spangled Banner"
Chorus by Audience.
The dancing was pretty and pictur
esque, and the dancers, flushed with the
thought that they had added to the
pleasure of the guests and had added
their mite to aid a deserving cause,
mingled with the throng.
Notwithstanding the thousands of souls
that thronged the Pavilion there was but
little danger to life or limb. Squads of
i United States Cavalry, chief of the com
1 missary department for the volunteer
: regiments on the Presidio reservation,
: has on hand to-day 100,000 rations. Orders
go out to-day to issue to the volunteers
', field rations for ten days. It was said
at the Presidio yesterday that the suppli
ed fresh beef to the volunteers would be
continued until next Thursday. There
after bacon will take the place of fresh
beef.
The proposed plan of sending the Third
Artillery to the Philippines does not meet
with much favor among officers of high
grade. No better troops than the volun
teers can be had for the service at Manila,
while no troops short of three months'
training can take the place of the Third
Artillery in handling the high-power
euns defending this harbor. An officer of
high rank and wide experience said yes
terday: "Apart from the question of leav
ing San Francisco without adequate pro
tection from the enemy, it would be un
wise for the Government to place these
high-power breech-loading rifles and the
machinery connected therewith in the
hands of other than trained artillery
men and machinists. The Third Artil
lery, or men of equal skill in the man
agement of the guns, should remain here
to man the modern batteries. Let the
volunteers and the Fourth United States
Cavalry, and such regular infantry regi
ments as can be spared, go to the Phil
ippines."
The annexed order from headquarters at
Washington has been promulgated:
By direction of the Secretary of War the fol
lowing is published to the army for the Infor
mation and guidance of all concerned:
As the summary court Is, by the act of Con
gress establishing It. limited to "time of
peac»." and by the 80th Article of War is re
placed "in time of war" by the field officer's
court; and this being "time of war," within
the meaning of the 80th Article of War, tho
summary court will be discontinued and the
80th Article of War carried Into effect.
By command of Major General Miles.
H. C. COUBIN, Adjutant General.
THE FIRST
CALIFORNIA.
Work on the Drill Plain
for the Volun
teers.
Colonel Smith and his officers put In
another haM day's work yesterday in
getting the First Regiment in shape for
the expected call to Manila. From the
moment the drum called the reveille at
sunrise until taps sounded at 10 o'clock
and the men and officers turned in for
their well-earend rest the day was one of
hard work and busy preparation. The
raw recruits were given four drills, and
already they have made wonderful im
provement in the manual of arms and
marching exercises.
Colonel Smith is fast tightening the
reins upon his men, and they are begin
ning to realize that they areeommanded by
an officer who understands his duty and
knows how to conduct a camp upon
purely military lines. The first two days
Colonel Smith permitted a number of men
to leave camp, but hereafter only live
passes will be issued to each company a
day. There were a number of visitors
yesterday who wanted to see the men in
their quarters, but they were not allowed
to do so. The orders are that they may
visit the enlisted men on Tuesdays and
Friday*, in the afternoon, between 2 and 3
o'clock, and this order will be strictly en
forced. Colonel Smith says the encamp
ment is an emergency one, and his com
mand may be called upon to move at any
moment, and he Intends to be prepared
The men are beginning to realize that
they are not out upon a picnic but that
they have entered into a grave and re
sponsible contract with the United States
Government.
A telegraph Instrument cdnnecting with
Fort Point, Fort Mason and the United
States Quartermaster's Department in
the Phelan building has been put in the
colonel's headquarters. Many other con
veniences and necessary constructions are
being put In place, and the camj) is fast
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 10, 1898.
policemen kept watch over the guests,
and surgeons were on hand to adminis
ter to the injured, but they remained
unemployed. Outside two chemical en
gines were in waiting to quench a fire
if one should start, but their services
were also unrequired.
No larger crowd gathered about any
booth than that which hovered around
the one of The CcCll. There the latest
bulletins from the seat of wax were
posted, and as each new bulletin would
be hung the crowds would rush up and
read and drift away again to buy and
see.
To-day's programme:
AFTERNOON.
Overture, "Light Cavalry"... Suppe
"Sounds from Home" (dedicated to the
baby) Blal
Gems from "Robin Hood" De Koven
Xylophone solo
James Reed.
Gavotte, "Viola" Hardy
Selection, "Martha" Flotow
Sketch, "On the Plantation" Puerner
Waltz, "Artist's Life" Strauss
March. "Ptars and Stripes" Sousa
National anthem, "America"
EVENING.
Overture, "William Tell" Rossini
Bennett's Band. George W. Bennett,
Director.
1 'American Patrol Meacham
Scenes from ' 'Carmen Bizet
Waltz, "Sweetheart" ' D' Albert
Fancy Dance, Minuet de Mozart — Ladies of
Mount Morlah Lodge No. 44, F. and A. M. :
Mrs. William E. Boyer, Miss Fannie Eber
hart, Theo. Frolich, Natalie Sarosky. Miss
getting into shape, vfhe officers and men
alike are rapidly k> ttin ; into th ir mili
tary harness, and all of them take kiuuiy
to their new life, and seem to enjoy it.
The ne^vly enliated band is a good one,
and it shows great improvement each day
in Its playing. It has been uniformed,
and presents a neat and attractive ap
pearance.
The sight, presented upon the cavalry
parade grounds by the companies of the
! First and Seventh yesterday was one to
i arouse patriotism in the heart of every
one. All day long the companies might
be seen under the command of their offi
cers drilling and going throueh the man
ual of arms. The new men received spe
cial instructions from the sergeants jin
: the setting up exercises and that part of
the manual of arms relative to loading
: and firing. They were also put through
1 tne company movements and battalion
drill. . . :-■- ':---^r^> .;■ ■ ■■: ■' . ..- ■ ■ ■
At the sick call - yesterday morning
eighty men answered, but none of the
cases were serious. They were treated by
Captain Rethers and instructed as to cer
tain precautions to take in behalf of their
health. Colonel Smith. Captain Warren
and Captain Rethers made the inspection
of the camp yesterday and found it in ex
cellent shape and perfectly policed. It
presented a very, military appearance,
and everthing was in ship-shape order.
'Adjutant Kelleber has his office in Offi
cers' Row, just to the left of the colonel's
tent, and he has got it into perfect work
ing order." Regimental Sergeant-Major
Badt is the adjutant's assistant and under
him he has Sergeant Sheahan of Com
pany I, who has been detailed as regi
mental clerk. , /■■•'■■■: :
Captain Rethers had several additional
hospital tents erected yesterday as a pre
caution In case there should be need for
them. He does not anticipate an epidemic
among the men, but many of the minor
cases of sickness arc- such as require that
the soldiers should be kept where the sur
geon can keep an eye upon them and give
them close attention.
Regimental Quartermaster Dohrmann
has got his r department into effective
shape, and he reports that the question
of rations for the men is now upon an ex
cellent working basis and that there will
be no shortage in the supplies.
It was shortly; before retreat when the
City of Peking was discovered by the
men and - officers of the First and Sev
enth Regiments , as sho- was coming in
from the Golden Gate. Her appearance
was a signal for an outburst of cheer-
Ing from the company streets where [ the
men were ■ assembled, and ;■ from : every
throat there came the cry of "On to
Manila," and three times three and a
tiger for the City of Peking.
" Colonel Smith is daily besieged by anx
ious mothers who want to get their sons
out of the regiment. r They bring all
sorts and kinds of excuses, such as their
sons being their, only; support, » when in
I fact in many cases the son had no em
ployment. The > roster of ■ the • trades of
the companies > shows that ±in ! the regi
ment there are men of nearly every pro
fession, ■; so that - Colonel Smith, in a case
of <■ emergency, is well provided- for with
all kinds and sorts of skilled workmen.
Last night the officers of ; the Seventh
led, upon Colonel Smith and his officers
at ; their headquarters.* i Captain Lockett,
U. S. A., invited Colonel Smith 3 and his
staff arid : company ' officers i to • witness '■ a
drill of the Fourth Cavalry, which will
be held this morning upon the golf
grounds of the Presidio. / . . r
:An order was v issued yesterday ; from
headquarters making ' some - changes in
the s routine schedule of camp. Guard
mount will •: now t take place at 7:35 la. m.,
assembly- at 7:40 a. m., call to quarters
at 9:45 ? p. m., i and ; taps at rlo■p., m. y. The
officer of . the day for to-day > is : Captain
Sutliffe; officer ;of the "i guard, : Lieutenant
Otto : Huber, ? and sergeant of the guard,
Sergeant Flynn of D Company. v;
-r Captain Rether's hospital ; report for
yesterday 1 showed' 108 1 cases I treated, i None
of » them were ;of • a serious * nature. One
man of the Seventh was lying in 1 : his; tent
when his bayonet fell from the peg; upon
which it ■ was -■ hanging,: and % striking ' him
above % the - right > < eye, Inflicted »' a - small
wound. He ; was- the * hero of the hour,
being the first man to receive , a bayonet
.wound. "- ; .; •■■ ; ;, '■';. " ■"-■■
■ • In i the camp of the ■ Fourteenth v United
States ■ Infantry " everything was sln per
fect ; shape, and ; it l was ;a : pretty sight ito
see Major £ Robe S and ; his * staff wrapped
la their army c coats '• gathered v pj:ouß<i
their camp fire discussing the Incidents
of the day and their chances for going to
Manila.
THE OUT OF
TOWN TROOPS
More Additions to the Men
in the Local Arm
ories,
The second of Lieutenant Colonel John
son's two battalions came down from
Stockton by boat yesterday morning and
went to quarters in California Hall on
Bush and Powell streets. Battery D of
the "heavies" came up from Los Angeles
and found resting place in the old First
Regiment armory on Market and Tenth
streets. The first battalion of Lieutenant
Colonel Johnson's command was exam
ined during the day and most of the sec
ond battalion was examined during the
night, and yesterday morning heavy bat
teries A, B and C, with their officers,
were mustered in as volunteers.
The Second Battalion, destined to be
the "Second Battalion, Volunteer Cali
fornia Infantry," had been assembled in
Stockton from all over the San Jouquin
Valley. Company E of Visalia, Company
C of Fresno and Company H of Merced
were brought to Stockton, where they
were joined by Company A of that place.
The men are fairly well equipped so far
as the equipments go, but it will take a
good deal to put them in proper trim.
Company F of Fresno is the only com
pany of the Sixth Infantry to be left at
home and the men of the organization are
consequently very much dissatislied. Its
place in the command has been taken by
Company E of Sacramento.
Battery D, under command of Captain
Henry Steere, came up from Los Angeles
direct, 155 strong. The men had not been
examined, but they had been carefully
picked and there will not be many re
jected. The battery will be mustered In
to-day, and then the battalion being
complete it will start to-morrow to quar
ters in the ola woolen mill at Black Point,
where the whole command may be easily
accommodated. The officers of the artil
lery battalion are: Major, Frank S.
Rice; battalion adjutant, First Lieuten
ant John Koster; Battery A— Captain,
Denis Geary; tirst lieutenant, Thomas F.
Barry; second lieutenants, A. P. Hayne
and J. D. Morse; Battery B— Captain,
Theodore J. Hay; first lieutenant, Herbert
Choynski; second lleutenats, George B.
Hine and Frank S. Sprague; Battery C—
Captain, John Cooke; first lieutenant,
Samuel Ray; second lieutenants, Oscar J.
Boden and Charles C. King; Battery D—
Captain, Henry Steere; ilrst lieutenant,
George S. McKeeby; second lieutenant,
A. E. Mackenzie, one second lieutenant
to be appointed. Batten* C is made up of
the officers and men of Troop. B, Sacra
mento cavalry. Battery D was recruited
in Los Angeles and its immediate vi
cinity.
More Sanitary Commis
sions.
BERKELEY, May 9.— Dr. John Coyle,
president of the Berkeley High School
sanitary commission, has a plan for the
organization of high-school sanitary com
missions all over the State. He declares
that immediate action is necessary.
"Our California boys who will soon be
ordered to Manila should not be allowed
to go unprepared to face the dangers and
suffering of field and hospital. There are
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. PIERCES ELECTRIC BELT
. .g^^^^Sh^ CURES DISEASE WITHOUT MEDICINE.
' *^&M&!t ' IT. CURED HIS BACK.
! '^^^^^^^fe^^?^^w'*S^^^^S/ tlcmen: Once ag^aiii I address you, this time
: 'ii^^^^^^^9raw@%#^W^nl'>'tl'vv^'^' t0 order, a $13 Belt. The one you sfcnt me last
i«lili^c|^\*^^^?KffifflD^^ a. beauty ."and. the party for which
* . I ordered it was ?. wells pleased i with its effect
< '^,'- ;^\\' % >v *% on hlmj-'so much so Indeed tlmt I have never
' h^ard him complain of his back hurting him
*^^^^^E^«^^^^^^^*^^^^^H^^^^ since. * So 'please , mall one -your No.^2 Chain
&SV«swlwS<l*ssKwis* S^^SS^KSR^^^aKfll and I will take the chances of having him say
aBJKHaBpMBraw ffiafl/^B^Hi^v^a^^Pl U dld not help him - I remain, yours truly,
the ne^ ;ltrtlm « >' ou loolc tn ! s advertisement
■ 620 MARKET ST.. Opp. P»laos Hotel, S»n /r'wioiwo,
Ci'SMHHBJHBTOViBawSBsSBSNiSBJsBffI^^ or Sullivan $ l ? > First ay - Seattle -Wash. '•"
i- :■■.■'■:■■'.■: ■'.■■■■■■. ■- -■• .■■."■.■■,:■■..•■.■.■■■■■.■■-..■■■■•■,...• ■ . - . ■:...-.: . ,•■.-■■■■ -...v: ■■■ . .
Florence Coomb, Messrs. James A. Christie,
James A. Shute, Joseph Eber, Henry Wallace.
"Torchllg-ht Dance" Meyerbeer
Selection, "Wizard of the Nile" Herbert
Cornet solo, "Le Reve d' Amour"
Haydn-Millara
M!sa Pearl Noble.
Commander* drill, by Drill Corps of Golden
Gate Commandery No. 16, K. T.
March, ' 'Hand leap" Rosey
Battle of Confetti, participated In by entire
audience.
National anthem, "America"
Chorus by Audience.
Columbia.
"Monbars," with its thrilling climaxes
and stirring lines, was splendidly inter- |
preted by Robert Mantell and an excellent j
company at the Columbia last evening, j
Ttie large audience showed its apprecia- |
tion throughout the evening by long and j
continued applause.
Man t ell's interpretation of the noble
hearted Frenchman won him an ovation.
Both Mantell and Miss Rosselle Knott
were called before the curtain by the en- I
thusiastic audience. Miss Knott's acting j
as Diane, the suspected wife, was grace- j
ful, and she showed marked ability.
Howard Hall's Laurent was good, and the j
other characters in the play were cleverly !
enacted. As Mr. Mantell was prevailed !
on to appear in "Monbars" before leaving
the city, it is expected that large audi
ences will attend every performance.
The California.
There is variety enough at th© Cali
fornia this week to please the most fas
tidious. It is probably the supposition
of the management that there is not
quite enoug-h patriotism in "The Ensign,"
so there has been introduced the Drum
mer Boy of the Rappahannock with his
drums and his illustrated lecture between
acts to stir the feeling's of the audience
to a fighting pitch, and then they pre
sent a three-round go between Sharkey
and Baker as a sort of solace to their i
feeling.
Frederick Pauldlng, as the Ensign, does
some of his best work, and barring a
little too much facial contortion in the
last act, leaves nothing to be asked so
far as his rendition of the part is con
earned. He is well supported and the
company gives an even and smooth per
formance.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS.
Company L Will Be Presented With
a Handsome Silk Flag.
Company L, League of the Cross Ca
dets, has made preparations for a grand
patrotic demonstration in Mission Parlor
Hall this evening. The boys will be pre
sented with a handsome silk flag by a
friend and a splendid musical and literary
entertainment will be given.
An address will be delivered by Rev.
i Joseph Gleason of St. Rose's Church, anq
i Miss Charlotte E. Johnston, president of
| the Young Ladies' Sodality, and a com
: mittee will present the flag in the name of
the donor. The programme is as follows:
Overture, League of the Cross Cadets' Band;
I banjo duet, Sergeant-Major James Douherty
| and Corporal David Torres of Company D, First
; Regiment, League of the Cross Cadets; vocal
j solo, Benjamin Lycett; fancy dance, Miss Lll
j lian Polliver; specialties, Dr. W. H. Sleberst;
! vooal duet, R. D. and Lulu Ward Valeria;
patriotic selections, Miss Rose Broderick; violin
solo. Miss Pheobe Gibson; ventriloquism, J. H.
A. Greefktns, assisted *by his comic boys; man
dolin and g-uitar selections, Professor J. P.
! Moore and his pupils; recitation, Miss Try-
thousands all over the State who should
be glad to aid in the work of providing
them with comforts. High schools snould
organize sanitary commissions and when
the organizations are complete they
should communicate with Mrs. Willari
B. Harrington, 111S Sacramento street, San
Francisco, who is president of the Berke
ley Red Cross Society. The organization
will then be placed on the roster as an
auxiliary ami will be put in communica
tion with the executive committee at the
headquarters in the city.
NORRIS BROTHERS'
Dog and Pony Show, at Central Park,
Is Growing in Popularity
Every Day.
The entertainment is certainly of a high
standard, and Norris Bros, deserve the
financial success with which they are
meeting. For the little ones especially
it is a show of unusual attractiveness.
The animals are well and humanely treat
ed, and seem to enjoy the performance
equally as well as the spectators.
There are dogs that perform difficult
balancing acts on chairs, ladders, tight
ropes, etc., while the lofty leaping of a
pack of ten English greyhounds is won
derful and exciting. The handsome little
Shetland ponies form a unique portion of
the entertainment. But probably the
most interesting feature of the pro
gramme is the work of the animal fire
department, which consists of a hook and
ladder, truck and hose wagons, drawn
by pretty little ponies, with dogs and
monkeys as firemen, engaging In a re
alistic fire scene.
Performances are given daily at 2:30
and 8:15 p. m. All children attending the
matinees are given a pony ride.
Failed to Appear.
Policeman Say was before the Police
Commissioners last night charged with
assaulting John Shaughnessy. The lat
ter failed' to appear, and the charge
against the officer was dismissed.
Say a short time ago entered a saloon
at 7C5 Howard street to quell a disturb
ance, when he was attacked by Shaugh
nfissy, who took his club away from him.
The policeman drew his revolver and
struck Shaughnesy over the head with it.
The following day Shaughnessy preferred
a charge of unofflcerlike conduct against
Say. After requesting frequent contin
uances Shaughnessy failed to appear last
night and the case was dismissed.
Hay is one of the most reliable officers
connected with the Southern station, and
Is held in high esteem by Captain Spil
lane.
The cases of Policemen Irvine. Whalen
and Silver, charged with engaging in a
row, were continued for two weeks.
The "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil Is
largely taking the place of fountain pens*
St. Francis Parish Picnic.
The St. Francis' Church and Sunday
school will give a picnic at El Campo on
June 11. The general committee that will
have charge of the affair is composed of
the following: P. A. Buckley, chairman;
A. Connick, secretary; Captain Foley p'
Connor, E. O'Nell, Mr. Neily, E. Foley
Joseph Kitterman Charles J. Riley Mr'
McFadden, E. Ryan T. B. Cunningham!
Stephen Fay, D. Dowd, p. McGown
Charles Fuller, P. Quirk Sr., B. Gleason
L. Mclntyre. George Henderson R Be
hen, L. Faure. J. A. Hurphy. P 'Ruff w
Ford. J. McElroy. John J Brusher P
Thornton, M. Thornton, M. McGlinGhpV
Daniel Patton. E. Meehan, Mr N cholYs
and Robert E. Gleason. iMcnoias
phena Prltchard; selectl >ns on the mandolin
and guitar. Master John and Ht;»rs' .Dressier.
FARMEKS' INSTITUTE.
It Will Open in the Mechanics' Li
brary To-Night.
The Third Farmers' Institute under the
auspices of the University of California I
and the San Francisco i armers' Club will
open to-night in the Mechanics' Institute j
building on Post street. The programme
is as follows:
Tuesday Evening — Remarks by the president
of the club, C. E. Post; reading the annual ,
report of the executive committee; election i
of officers; lecture. "Means of Promoting the !
Sugar Beet Industry in California and Its
Value to the State," 1 Professor E. W. Hilgard;
address, "Agriculture, Its Importance to the
State and the Necessity of Pure Food Reform," !
Isidore Jacobs.
Wednesday Evening— Lecture, "Irrigation !n
California," Professor E. J. Wickson; Hon.
James A. Waymlre has accepted an invitation
to be present and participate in the discussion
following Professor Wickson' s lecture; address.
Illustrated by specimens, on "Flowers for Our
Homes," Mrs. L. O. Hodg-kins.
Try our $1 eye glasses. 710 Market, 11 Geary- I
Marital Bonds Sundered.
Lillie Jung Claus has commenced suit :
for divorce against John Claus on the !
ground of failure to provide. Claus is em
ployed on the streetcars.
Musette B. O'Erien has brought suit
for divorce against Robert A. O'Brien on
the ground of desertion.
Christian Heinzinger has been sued for
divorce by Frances Heinzinger on the
ground of failure to provide.
Judge Cook yesterday granted Mary E.
Engross a divorce from Ludwig Engross
on the ground of failure to provide.
Bessie Morris has been granted a di
vorce from S. Morris on the ground of
cruelty.
Judge Belcher yesterday gTanted Theo
dore H. Hage a divorce from Mary jJ.
Hage on the ground of desertion.
The proceedings brought by Clay Here
ford Powell to secure an annullment of
his marriage to Grace H. Powell were
settled yesterday by Judge Bahrs enter
ing judgment in favor of the defendant.
The matrimonial troubles of the couple
have been settled since the commence
ment of the suit.
Judge Dunne yesterday annulled the
marriage of Lizzie Gallick to Peter Gal
lick, who is now in the Ukiah asylum, on
the showing being made that Gallick was
of unsound mind at the time of his mar
riage.
v ADVERTISEMENTS.
Open!
Open !
■■■"■ - ■ ■/ '■ • ; . ': - :■. - : ■'. - ;
Open !
HAT
STORE,
; " ' -d
130
EAR NY
 STREET.
PL full Una or
DUNLAP & CO.'S
SPRING STYLES.
GEO. GOETTINGER.
I KLONDIKE I
OUTFITS
Not complete without a supply of
j^gjljgl
GAIL BORDER
EAGLE BRAND
• CONDENSED MILK
Highest reputation for keeping qtial-
ity; hence, no experiment; no loss. -•'
NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO.
-1 *■**-*•*•=—*"*—"■ "~. —■■*■*— ——■®
FOR THE
GOLD FIELDS OF ALASKA!
THE FAST Al BARK HUNTER
Will leave San Francisco for St. Michael
..; .■ •:' ■/;.-,:• .•. May. 16. : ;;/- ■ . ■■ \-
The Hunter. Is , pronounced by marine Bur-
veyors as ! among ■ the ■ safest and . swiftest ves-
sels sailing out of : San Francisco.
; -■■■ Low , rates \ of insurance. -
For ' special ' rates, ''i passenger and - freight, to
St. Michael and Daws. in City, . apply to :-
; ; .'.= ;, H. D. LOMBARD & CO.,
. 16 California street, San Francisco. .
THE PRICE OF
CROWN FLOUR
HAS THIS DAY BEEN ADVANCED
25c PER BARREL
:>: > San Francisco,'- May 10, 1893. • .. '
$?liii DR. HALL'S REIN VIGOR OR
iJ^Tajy Five hundred reward for any case \
■*"■ p. BBf we cannot cure.' This secret • remedy I
if ■'"' r _i« : stops : all '■ losses in 24 hours, . cure*
aE*sS< id!?Bk Emissions. Irapotency, Varlcocele,
nrffi WJjf Gonorrhoea. Gleet, Fits, Strictures,
W£yJ Mail Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
■GHjEjBH fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
, W&SzasSMt '■. sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles, ii; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855, Broadway, Oakland, Cal. 4:." A150
lor sale at 107354 Market ' St.. ?S.' F. - All • pri-
vate diseases quickly, cured. Send for free book.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE ' DAMIANA - BITTERS, THE
„ great H Mexican - remedy; ; gives ■ health r and
strength to the sexual iOrgans.;.,..;:' -
I Br A Kal ■ Bm^iM^H ' ■SSB H B JB ~^
* AMUSEMENTS.
I : :, CALIFORNIA THEATER.
AS COMPLETE AS THE
DEIA/EY VICTORY
Was the Hit Last Night.-
"THE ENSIGN"
CAPTURED THE TOWN. .. ,
A TREMENDOUS RECEPTION. > .
. Two Great Additional Attraction!. Rtf
THE ■ . ' First
DRUMMER :. . - Appearanca
BOY OF>/.'":. , on the : 1
SHILOH 1 stage of
AND j the sailor
HIS lad.
FLAG I TOM
PICTURES. i SHARKEY. i
Popular Prices ..15c, 25c. and 800
Next Monday— "MOTHS."
COLUMBIA THEATER.
.. . A Brilliant -Romantic Production. ■ - v ;x -
ALL THIS WEEK, MATINEE SATURDAY.
The .Eminent : Romantic Actor. ■...
ROBERT B. MANTELL,
Accompanied by a Select Company,
Under the Management of M. W. lIANLEY.
* *•, 'Presenting D'Ennery's
t.v.'. MONBfIRS.
Next Monday— "The Face in the .Moonlight."
BALDWIN THEATER.
AN ARTISTIC TRIUMPH.
The Great French Pantomirnist, I
PILAR MORIN
Presenting the Tragic Pantomime,
- ; "lIS OLD JAPAN."
In conjunction : with Fritz Scheel's Orchestra.
■ Next Monday— "The Dresden Shepherdess." •
Daily at 3 (except Saturday), "THE PAS-
SION PLAY." r Seats 25c. Coming— YSAYE. "
MOROSGO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager. '
TO-NIGHT and , Every Night This Week.
NEW - FACES AND SPECIAL FEATURES.
. The Celebrated Eastern Star, '
—FRANK LIN DON""
• In His Superb Dramatized Version of
THE PRISONER OF ALGIERS.
A Gorgeous Sequel to "MONTE CRISTO."
At Every Performance a Grand
Contest Between
Big JIM JEFFRIES
And JACK JEFFRIES.
An opportunity for Every One to Observe the '
Superb Physique of These Magnificent Athletes.
WAR . BULLETINS BETWEEN ACTS.
Evening Prices ........ ......10c, 25c and 50c
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Manager
HAILED WITH DELIGHT.
The Nautical Farcical Comedy Opera,
SHIP AHOY!
—UP TO DATE AND AWAY AHEAD— .
Correct Costumes. Great Cast. Superb Scenery.
1 Grand Naval Bombardment. ~ .:■
TJew Songs, Dances. Burlesques.
Medley of Patriotic Airs.
EVERY EVENING.
Popular Prices ."..... .....25c and 50c
No Telephone.
*TViA *7 AH PRICES*
ALCAZAR. PRIC I.;-.
SHE IS PERFECTLY LOVELY,
NIOBE!
A CHARMING COMEDY
Illustrated by L. R. Stockwell, Wright Hunt-
ington and Alcazar Company.
WAR BULLETINS BETWEEN ACTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
NEXT WEEK— "Young Mrs. Winthrop."
Out of respect to the memory of the late
GUSTAV WALTER. President of the Walter ;
Orpheum : Co., | this house will be closed until i
Wednesday evening. May 11. •
MASONIC FESTIVAL
—IN AID OF THE—
WiDaWS I » ORPHANS HOME
Mechanics' Pavilion,
MAY 9 to 14.
General Admission 25c.
Season Tickets $1. Children lOc.
Tickets on sale (except children's) at leading
business houses.
TO-NIGHT TO-NIGHT !
GREAT CONFETTI BATTLES
And Grand Chorus in
NATIONAL ANTHEMS. .
SEE THEM MARCH! :-.
THE SOLDIER BOYS OF THE "GALLANT
. . SEVENTH." i
■ : Caught by the Animatoscope at
:.; THE CHUTES.
' "VISIONS OF ART" — Great * Ell wood. .
Melba's Equal, Other Features.
POSITIVELY LAST "WEEK OF THE ZOO.
Latest WAR NEWS Read from the STAGE. 1
10c to All, Including Zoo, etc.; Children 5c
_ . _ _ . _ — — _____
NORRIS BROS.'
DOG AND PONY SHOW I
FINEST SHOW ON EARTH FOR LADIES -
: AND CHILDREN.
CENTRAL PARK. .
Every : Afternoon, 2:30; nights, ; 8:15.' '
PRICES— Adults/, 25c r children. 15c. >'■"■
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Daily from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m. .
ADMISSION lOc - - - - CHILDREN 5«
Bathing, with admission, 25c; children, gOc. •- :
7 : ' f\r VIVIDT A I Corner of Mfjon an- " ;
ULYJVIr'IA £dd| StrM^
WAR! WAR '.NEW WAR SCENES!— '.
Castle: the Maine; divers at work; feeding re- j
concentrados; Spanish troops and ships, with
a host of thrilling Havana, war scenes by :tho ,
Biograph, : and a great olio of specialties.. AD- ,
MISSION FREE. .; ; - ;
|
RACING! RACING! ' RACING! |
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-— i.
Winter Meeting f 1897-38, : Beginning TUESDAY, i
' May 3, to May i 21 Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK. .■•^"'i
RACING MONDAY TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY, ,
:;;.; : - ; THUR3DAY, ; friday AND SATURDAY. ';.
FIVE OR - MOKE RACES EACH DA 1. .
RACSB BTABT AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP. ;
Ferry boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and i
12:30, 1:00, 1:30, 2:00, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connect- '.
Ing with train '- stopping at the entrance to J
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound, j
Returning — Trains : leave i the tracK at 4:15 . and !
4:45 p. m.. and Immediately after the last race. |-
... ,- .: , THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Pres. ,
R. • B. MI LROY. Secretary. ,
j
: ,• ' rTtTiBBIrr-i^ir rFT K 'S cis a non-poisonoa» t
*^4£4Ptf&P s **'i&S& l i remedy for Gonorrhoea, '
iMr' r ' ltK '^B Gleet, Spermatorrhoea, i
fSSsWia 1 tesda.T«.\aji Whites, unnatural dis- '
Jaggy ■ Oa»rnat«i ■ charges, or any inflamrua- '
f[SW Dot to stricture. - tioa, irritation or ulcera- '.
«JPrc7eat« con'.m^loo. . ; tiou of mucous mem- * j
aKaTHEEvAHSCHHMIRuno. branos. V Non-astringent.
VaSINOINIUTI.O fgSgl StWbyDrugghli, I;
'& ! s^lk no, 3S? or Beut iv Plain wrapper,
ji&&bi--. ' l*is?¥A b y express, propaid. for i
*<W&MtZ&<HiO^ iii 'ii 'I 1I 1 - 00 ' or 3 kutt!es, $2.75. ,
*»^<Q£gii2Si» «>" ■ Circular B-.ut oa request. :
-g^ WONG WOO,
P^®: CHINESE TEA AND HERB
B? 7 SANITARIUM, : l
\|?^£ .-':-. 764-68 CLAY ST., San Fr»ncisco,O»/ ■ ;
'rfrf^^^»^^7 All diseases cured exclusive- '
•SErRWRffIS* !y b y Chinese . herbs, over 3000
:! fomj!s*Uvi*-'X varieties 1 being r. used. i ADVICH \
FREE. Hours, r. JO to 11 a. m.. Ito i *od Ito I .
i.f'Jfc- «...:,. ... • -->'• - - :l
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat booming again.
Barley firm.
Other cereals unchanged.
Hay market broke.
Beans unsettled.
New Potatoes firmer. New Onion* weaker.
Green Peas advanced.
Creamery Butter still higher.
Eggs firmer. Cheese unchanged.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry at hand.
Berries and Cherries weak.
Apricots arrived from Yuma.
Prunes cleaning up.
Provisions unchanged.
Meat market as before.
New York Exchange lower.
Flour advanced 26c
EXPLANATION.
• The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate minimum temperature
for the days: those underneath it. If any, the
amount of "rainfall or of melted snow in Inches
and hundredths during the last twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is . high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
in summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Time).
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., May 9. 5 p. m.
Following are the maximum temperatures re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
in California: .
Eureka, 52; Fresno. 96: Los Angeles, 70; Red
Bluff. 88; Independence, 82; San Diego, 66; Sac
ramento, 84: San Luis Oblspo. 72; Tuma, 98.
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 56;
minimum, 46; mean, 51.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL,
FORECASTS.
The pressure has fallen slowly during the
past 2t hours over the country between the
Cascades and the Rocky Mountains. An area
of moderately high pressure lies over Utah and
Colorado. An area of low pressure covers Ari
zona and Southwestern California.
The temperature has risen over Eastern
Washington, Idaho and Northern Utah. It
has remained nearly stationary In California.
The temperatures of the great valleys are from
11 to 15 degrees above the normal.
No rain has fallen on the Pacific Slope.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 10, 1898:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday, with tog
along the coast in the morning; southwesterly
wind.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; warmer
along the southern coast; fresh westerly wind.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday.
Utah --Fair Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday,
with fog in the morning; southwesterly wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals, taken
at sp. m. : Clear; wind southeast, j£2 miles
per hour; temperature, 66: maximum, 70. ••
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 9.— Probably to-day's j
sto^k market owed Its firmness and at some
points its strength to the extraordinary course
of prices In the wheat market. With May
wheat selling in this market at $1 70 a bushel
before the middle of the month and with July
option almost keeping pace with it. there is
assured promise of abundant increase of
wealth for this country- The outbreaks of vio
lence and bloodshed in Italy and Spain on ac
count of the dearness of bread and the ad
vancing price for that necessity at other points
in Europe are only too convincing evidence
that the high prices for wheat are not due to
speculative manipulation but to the urgent
r* ■! 01 for*Wjn conramera. With this demon
stration of the country's potential command ot
v. .II; :: v ,1- ij.iiural that prices of securities
should continue to advance. Hut the market
has to carry the burden of an extensive
liquidation of profits In many stocks and of
large selling for foreign account. Induced by
th™ stillness of money rates abroad. There
was, besides, positive depression in some of
the stocks which are usually most prominent
In the market. With three such conspicuous
leaders as Sugar, Manhattan and Metropolitan
Street Railway suffering from special causes
of weakness, it was natural that some slight
depression should radiate from them through
the lift. Rock Island showed the most notable
strength of any railroad stock and St. Paul
■was also sustained. Otherwise the Grangers
was a good deal weighted by profit-taking
sales. There were some sharp gains In Peo
ple's Gas, Pacific Mail and Atchison. To
bacco loat all of its gain before the end of the
day. There was a general downward move
ment In the whole list of profit-taking ,and
bear pressure during the final hour, which
made the day's changes extremely irregular.
Prominent stocks are showing some important
gains and others equally prominent showed
showed marked losses.
The bond market shared in the activity of
stocks and was strong throughout. Total
sales. $3,170,000.
United States new 4's advanced *, the s's
and other old 4's coupon * and the old 4's
regi stored U in the bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 620,700 I
sharps, including: 3536 Atchison, 29.300 do I
preferred, 770f> G. and 0.. 25,740 Burlington, i
3240 Erie preferred. 1K.820 Louisville and Nash- i
vine. 11.320 Manhattan. 8650 Metropolitan
Strict Railway. fiS2l Heading preferred 11 970
Missouri Paring HSO New York Central' 10'blO !
Northern Pacific, 24.310 do preferred. 6730 Read- '
ing, 45.725 Rock Island. 68,620 St. Paul 9125 !
Southern preferred, 4710 Texas and Pacific i
46.120 Union Pacific preferred, 4070 U P d'
& G.. 19.2«0 Wabash preferred, 10,070 American
Spirits, 40.750 American Tobacco, 13 870 Chicago
Great Western. 24.830 People's Gas 6023 Gen
eral Electric, 5950 Pacific Mall, 66,750 Sugar
B<>2.-) T. C. & 1.. 9155 Western Union, 3850 St l'
& S. F. preferred. '
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 12* St P & 0m... 75*
Do pref 38% Do prer 149
Baltimore & Ohio 18 St P M & M 137
Canada Pacific ... f3* So Pacific .. " 1534
Canada Southern. 60* So Raliway j,2"
Central Pariflc .. 13* Do pref 30
Ches & Ohio 21% Texas & Pacific. 11W
Chi & Alton 159 Union Pacific .... 68V.
Chi B & Q 99* U P D & G 6%
Chi & E 111 51 Wabash 734
CCC 4St L... 31S* Dr. pref 19^
Do pref 75 Wheel &L E 2y.
Del & Hudson.... 109* &o pref 10
Del L & W 157 Express- Companies—
Den & R G 11 Adams Ex 100
Do pref 46% American Ex 125
Erie (new) 13 United States 39
Do Ist pref 35U Wells Fargo 119
Ft Wayne 16S Miscellaneous —
Gt Nor pref 159 A Cot Oil 21
Hocking Valley ..6 Do pref 74
Illinois Ceutral .. 103 Amn Spirits 12
Lake Erie & W.. 15* Do pref 28*
Do iiref 72 Am Tobacco 113*
Lake Shore 184 Do pref 116
Louis & Nash 54 People's Gas 97*
Manhattan L 103 Cons Gas 186*
Met St Ry 149 Com Cable Co 160
Mich Cent 104* Col F & Iron 22*
Minn & St L 26% Do pref 90
Do Ist pref .... *3* Gen Electric 35%
Mo Fnrific 33* Illinois Steel 60
Mobile & 0hi0.... 28 Laclede Gas 46
Mo X & T 10%iLead 32%
Do prpf 3o',k\ Do pref 105
Chi lnd & L 9 Nat Lin Oil 18
Do pref 28 Or Imp Co 30
N J Central 94% | Pacific Mail 28*
N V Central U6*|Pullman Palace . 180
jKc Ajner Co .,. 6& 1 Silver Cert , M
N TChl 4 6 L... 13% Stand R & T S%
Do Ist pref .... 60 Sugar 132%
Do 3d «ref .... 83 Do pref 112%
Nor Weat - 13 TC & Iron 25%
No Pacific 26% U S Leather 6%
Do pref 66% Do pref 62%
Ontario & W 15% D S Rubber IS%
Or R & Nay 50% Do pref 69%
Or Short Line 30% West Union 90%
Pitteburg 168 Chi &N W 124%
Reading 19 Do pref 170
Do Ist pref .... 45 St L& G W 4%
Rock Island 97% Do pref 11%
St L & S F 6»* R G W 20
Do Ist pref 68% Do pref 5i
Do 2d pref 25% Chi G W 14%
St Paul 96% Haw Com Co 22
Do pref 144 lU P Common ... 23%
CLOSING BONDS.
U 8 new 4s reg.. 123% N Carolina «a 120
Do coup 123% Do 4s 103
U S 4s 109 i* No Pac lata 115
Do coup 110% Do 3a 60%
Do 2ds 95 Do 4s 93%
U 8 5s reg 111% N T C 4 S L te. 104
Do 5s coup 111% Nor & W 6s 117
District 8.65s 113 Northwstrn cons. 135
Ala class A 100 Do deb 5s 116
Do B 100 O Nay lsts 115
Do C 90 O Nay 4s 94%
Do Currency ... 90 OS Line 6s tr.... 122%
Atchleon 4s 90 OS Line 5s tr.... 102%
Do adj 4s 62% O Imp lsts tr 109
Can So Ms 107 Do 5s tr 58
Chi Term 4s .... S3 Pacific 6s of 65... 103
C & Ohio 6s 113% Reading 4s 53%
CH & D 4%s 104% RG W lsts 82 !
D & R G lsts 1041* S L & I M C 6».. 92%
D & R G 4s 91 S L & S F G 65.. 116
East Twin lsts.. 106% (St P Con 140
Erie Gen 4s 71% St P C & T lsts.. 116
F W & D lsts tr. 72 Do 5s 113%
Gen Eleo 6s 103 So Ry 6s 92
GH& S A 65.... 103 Stand R& T 65.. 65
Do 2ds 106 Term new set 35.. 86
H& T C fls 110 T&P L G lsts.. 102%
Do con 6s 109 Do Rg Ms 33%
lowa C lets 99 UPD & G Ists.. 53%
La new cons 45.. 95% Wab Ist 5s 107
L&N mi 45.... 87% Do 2ds 82
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 107
M X & T 2d» 62% Va Centuries ... 67%
Do 4s 88% Do deferred ... 5
N V Central lsts. 116 jU P pref 58%
N J C 6s 112%!U P 4s , 93%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15 Ontario 2 75
Crown Point 05 Ophir 35
Con Cal & Va.... 66 Plymouth 08
Deadwood ' 75 Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry-.. 20 Do pref 200
Hale St Norcross. 65 Sierra Nevada ... 60
Homes take 40 00 i Standard 155
Iron Silver 45|Union Con 12
Mexican 06lYellow Jacket 04
BOSTON.
BOSTON, May 9.— Atchison, 12%; Burlington,
99%; Mexican Central. 6.
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 9.— Close— Money on
call* steady, 2% per cent; prime mercantile
paper, 6®7 per cent; sterling exchange firm,
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 84%
<B4 85 for demand and J4 Biuf 4 81% for sixty
days; posted rates, $4 &>&* BS%; commercial
bill* $4 BO@4 80%; silver certificates, 56@56%c;
bar 'silver, 06%o; Mexican dollars. 40c; Govern
ment bonds, strong ; State bonds, dull; rail
road bonds, strong.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 9 —The Evening Post's
financial cablegram says: The stock markets
here opened dull to-day, but rapidly improved.
The recovery was led by a marked improve
ment in foreign bourses, notably in Paris. A
rumor spread that Spain was asking the pow
ers to Intervene. Nothing definite was known,
but the buying was so good and general that
color was given to the report. It must be
remembered, however, that the settlement will
begin to-morrow, therefore much of the im-
I prrvfrnent perhaps is due to bears covering.
Interest to-day centered in Americans, in
I which the business was unusually heavy. The
firm prices in New York induced realizing here,
which tho arbitrage dealers readily absorbed.
Subsequently the buying became more general,
the prices closing at the best. Operators have
apparently made up their minds that the war
■will not interfere with Americans, while the
recognized rise in wheat adds to the spending
power of the United States.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 86; Grand Trunk, 8%; bar
silver, steady, 25 15-16 d per ounce; money, 3
per cent.
MADRID. May 9.— Spanish 4s closed to-day
at 63.60.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, May 9.— FLOUR— Receipts, 22,
091 barrels; exports, 7419. Excited and de
cidedly higher, discouraging buyers: Minne
sota patents. $7 KO'gS; do bakers', $5 50^:6; win
ter patents. *6 6O<@7; do straits, J5 8^36 50; do
extras. $4 50@5; do low grades, $2 9<Kg3.
WHEAT— Receipts. 226,625 bushels. Bpot
strong; No. 2 red, Jl 88 f. o. b. afloat to ar-
rive. Options were sensationally strong all
day on the biggest short scare of the year,
started bj- extraordinary strength in Liver
pool. Both May and July had tremendous ad
vances, th<- former closing 25* c net higher, the
latter loViC higher and other months 6%<t?S%c
net higher. No. 2 red May. $1 70®l 90, closed
$1 85",.; July. $1 ISQI 25%, closed $1 28*.
HOPS-Steady.
WOOL— Quiet; fleece, 16@22c; Texas, 12@14c.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
METALS— The week in the metal market
opened with interest at a low ebb and prices
in many instances largely nominal. At the
close to-day the Metal Exchange calls:
PIGIRON— Warrants dull at $6 65 bid, $6 85
asked.
LAKE COPPER — Unchanged ; $1120 bid,
$12 20 asked.
TlN— Dull: |14 bid, $li 60 asked.
SPELTER— Quiet at $4 10@4 20.
LEAD-Easier at $3 65®3 70. The firm fix
ing the settling price for miners and smelters
quotes lead at $3 50.
COFFEE — Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points net higher. Sales, 75,500 bags, in
cluding May, $5 66; July, $5 75. Spot Rio-
Dull; No. 7 invoice, 6%c; No. 7 jobbing, 7*c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, B*<sir>*e.
SUGAR— Raw. quiet; fair refining. 3%c; cen
trifugal. 96 test, 4 3-16 c; refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 8733 packages. Western
creamery. 13*igl7c; Elgins, 17c; factory, 13^
14*e.
EGOS — Receipts. 16,239 packages. Firm;
Western, 10*@llc; Southern, 10@10*c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW TORK. May 9. — California Dried
Fruits: Apples firm, other fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 6@7c;
prime wire tray, B*(j?9c; 'wood-dried, prime,
9@9%c; choice, 9c: fancy, 9*@loc.
PRUNES— S@BUc :_-■:-.■- -r
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 8@10o; Moorpark, 10$12 c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 6@9c; peeled. 12@14c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 9.— The Liverpool wheat
market excelled j all | previous efforts at start
ling advances by opening 7d higher for May,
and from 7d to 9d up for July compared with
Saturday's closing figures. > That ' set the Chi
cago wheat pit into a roar of nervous excite
ment at the opening. All sorts of prices were
paid for July simultaneously in different parts
of the pit. It was impossible for a few minutes
to get an Idea of what price was predominat
ing, but after awhile the opening range,, as
near as could -be. found out, was given at from
$1 09% '• to $1 ' 10%. v Trading - between : those
limits was enormous for two or three minutes,
but buying orders without limit to price poured
in. from outside, and -the price leaped upward
In great bounds, touching $1 14 for an instant.
The market rebounded to $1 11%. : Shorts saw
that their only chance to recoup was by doub
ling and price was no object. -Up shot quo
tations again, touching $1 16, ten minutes af
ter the opening. Another reaction to $1 13% fol
lowed, but offerings were greedily absorbed,
and the market gradually ■• settled down around
$1 15. " Trading in | May began , at \Sc advance.
Leiter sold a little at . $1 75, : causing a reaction
t'i $1 70. which, i however, quickly recover
ed. After a brief rest at $1 15 the buying furor
was renewed. -A" wild scramble of ■ European
nations I for American breadstuffs ■ was conclu
sively shown by.- the announcement of fresh bids
to Leiter for two million bushels of red wheat.
Up to the close !he had : not accepted ' the offer,
but reported other sales of 350,000 bushels to go
abroad. The Liverpool market 'at the close
showed gains of 6d ; for spot and 2%@9d for fu
tures. Paris and Antwerp accentuated the Eu
ropean shortage by advancing 5c each. Near
the end of the session offerings became scarcer
than ever, and ' July rushed up to $1 21, easing
off at the close to $1 20Vi. September, which
sold early, at 89c, was rushed up to 96c, and
closed 7c net higher at 94* c. No failures were
reported on 'Change, but margin calling was
eharp.
Corn was active, and shortscover ed freely
with the strength of wheat as an Incentive.
May gained 2%c, July 2c.
• Oats were . neglected, but on , moderate ■ cov
ering advanced about lc. ' . ■ ' ■
Provisions did not share to any extent In the
grain excitement. ; Packers sold moderately •at
the . advance. The - closing prices showed ad
vances of 25c In pork, 7c in lard and*2%.c in
ribs.- -...■- -■-•--.—-... v : .„■ ;
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2— £SS*td&gg&f&, .-, .
May, 173 175 169 175
July V 1 04% 1 2114 . 1014 1 20>4
September, 89 95 89 9414
December .. .: ........ BS%
Corn. No. 2— •
May;................ 35% 37* 35% 36-*
July 36 37* 35% 37
i September 36* ; 37% 36* 37*
Oats, No. 2—2 — ,
May.... 31%. 32 31* 31%
July 27% 28 • 27%< ■ 27%
' September ......... 24% 24% 24& 24%
Mess Pork.: per, bbl— ■■.
May .. ....... I;. ....10 85 10 90 10 80 ' 10 90
July. .- ...11 00 1125 1100 11 22%
Lard, per 100 lbs— . v :; ■ ..■■ ,
May, :............ ~. ; 5 87%- 6 92% ' 6 87% 590 -i
July .....7.......... 6 87* 595 ■ 6 87* 6 92*
September .......... 595 J6 05 595 6 02%
v ; Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—:,;
May?;....... .. 1.....,--... :...;.. .......' 665
July; ....::.....'..... 560 : : 5 62* 6 65:: -'6 60 i
September. ......... 5 67* V 5 61* 6 62% i;. 5 67%
Cash ; quotations -' were ; ; as .' follows : i'■ Flour
strong, : foreign % bids i- advanced < 40c; " standard
patents '. were ; . quoted ; at |7 iO@7 ; 60; > leading
* "**■"■'*' -,' r ' a , * - -■- *- •■■ — - { ■- - f.
THE SA:N" FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 10, 1898.
brands $1 higher than Friday: No. 3 spring
wheat, $1 30@l 66: No. 2 red, $1 70@l 75; No.
2 corn, 35%@37c; No. 2 oats, 31%@32%c; No. 2
white, 34%@35c; No. 8 ■ white, 33(g.34%0; No. 2
rye, 74@75c ; No. 2 barley, ■. 43@'52c; No. 1 flax-
I seed, Jl 38: ;: prime timothy seed. $2 55@2 75;
I mess pork, per bbl, $10 90@10 95; lard per 100
lbs. $5 90@5 92%; short ribs sides (loose), $5 35®
5 70; dry . salted ; choulders (boxed), ;$4 75@5;
short clear sides (boxed), $5 90@6 10: whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gal, $1 20. ; - -
Articles— Receipts. Shipment*.
Flour, barrels 15,000 ; 18,000
. Wheat, bushels 118,000 623,000
I Corn, bushels 537,000 668,000
Oats, bushels .. 605.000 ' 253,000
Rye, bushels 15,000 1.000
Barley, bushels ............... 27,000 6,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the but
i ter market was steady: creameries, 13@16c: dai
; ries, 12@14c. Eggs, steady; fresh, 10c. Cheese,
I dull and unchanged.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
'.. - Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 260.680 . 67,640 I
Duluth 92,812 10,000 i
Milwaukee 24,700 650
Chicago .. 117,730 623,329
Toledo .1................... 72,831 233.000
St. Louis 22.000 17.000 i
Detroit 12,933 6.950
Kansas City 49.000 29,500
Totals '. 652,686 987,069 i
Tidewater-
Boston 62,458 91.771
New York 89.428
Philadelphia ...... 4,800
Baltimore 44,823 I
New, Orleans 65.000
Galveston 46,953
'. Totals
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— May. : Sept. Dec.
Opening 64 75 55 00 r
Closing «. ~;...65 60 55 85
Flour- , i.- . .:■■ . . ;--"
Opening ...... _._ 80 25 25 00
Closing 8100 25 40
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
May. July.' Sept. Deo.
Opening ...1..J,... ..... 11% I«% .....'.
Closing „ 11 « 10 11* 8 6% 7tt
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 9.— CATTLE— An oversupply
of cattle to-day caused declines of 10c In that
market, except for strictly choice consign- j
ments. Sales were slow on a basis of $3 85® j
4 25 for common to fair dressed beef steers up
to $4 75@5 25 for good to prime shippers. The
bulk of offerings went at $4 35@5 50. Stockero
and feeders, $4@4 65; cows and heifers, $3 50®
4 50; calves, %b&6.
HOGS— Fair demand, prices about steady.
Bulk. $4sf4 12; common. $3 90^3 95. a few prime I
fetching $4 22%. Pigs. $3 50@4.. ■
SHEEP— Desirable sheep were in good de
mand and 10c higher. Prime light lambs rose
15c. Poor to prime sheep. $3 25#4 25. Lambs
brought $3 751^4 75; do springs, $5 50@7.
Receipts— Cattle, 20,000; Hogs, 41,000; Sheep,
18,000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, May 9.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2500. Sales mainly $4 55@4 75. Western steers,
$4@4 45; butcher cr>ws and heifers, active,
cows, $3 10/314 15; heifers. $3 3504 60; bulls, j
$3 2."<@ 1 4; stbckers and feeders, $4 25<g>5 25.
HOGS— Receipts, : 9700. Market slow. 6c '
lower; sales mainly $3 Ss@4; fancy heavy, . $4(3) i
4 10; mixed, $3 80®3 95; lights, $3 70@3 90; pigs.
$3 2503 60.
SHEEP— 9300. Muttons, steady; j
$4@4 50; culls, $2 75@3 05. Lambs, steady to
I 10c lower. .Native wool lambs, $4 85@5; Colo
1 rado wool lambs, $5 10®5 25; clipped, $4 25® !
4 55.
DENVER.
DENVER— May 9.— Receipts. 800.
Market steady. Beef steers. $3 90@4 to; cows, ;
$3fj3 85; feeders, freight paid to river. $3 POO
4 45; stockers, $4@4 60V bulls and stags, $2 50® !
3 25 ' ■ ' •
Receipts. 100. Market 60 lower;
light packers, $3 90@3 95; * mixed, $3 85(33 90;
heavy. $3 So@3 90.
SHEEP— none. Market unchanged.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. May 9— Consols, , 111 1-16; Silver, j
25 15-16 d; French Rentes. 102f 95c.
•LIVERPOOL, May Wheat, ■ firm; . No. 1
! standard California Wheat, B2s 9d; cargoes off
I coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage, sell
! ers at advance of l@2s; English country mar
i kets, generally Is dearer; French country mar
kets, dull; Wheat In Paris, steady; Flour in
Parts, steady; quantity of Wheat and Flour on
J passage to United. Kingdom, - 2,690,000 § ctle;
j quantity of Wheat and Flour on passage to
! continent, 620.000 . ctls; Indian shipments of
j Wheat to United Kingdom, 94,000 ctls; Indian
shipments of Wheat to continent, 102.000 ctls:
I imports into United Kingdom for week, 198,000
I barrels of Flour, 335,000 quarters Wheat.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 19-32 d. ■
CLOo~., '.':.;
CORN— May, steady. 3s ll%d: July, steady,
3s ll%d ; September, steady, 3s ll%d.
Imports of Wheat Into Liverpool for the week
from Atlantic ports were 66.800 quarters ;i from
Pacific ports. 21,000 quarters; from others ports,
41,000 quarters.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, May 9.— The attendance at the
wool auction sales to-day was good. The of
! ferings aggregated 12,333 bales. Scoured me
j rinos were keenly competed for and good cross
breds were well ' maintained. Sales In detail:
New South Wales. 3100 bales; scoured, 7d@
Is 4d; greasy, 4%@10d.
I Queensland. 1900 bales; scoured, Is 4d@ls 9*d;
! greasy. 6@lod.
Victoria, 2000 bales; scoured, 9d@la 6*d;
greasy, 6<311d.
South Australia, 200 bales; greasy, &@B(\.
West Australia, 600 bales; scoured, lO^d®
Is 2*<i; greasy, s%@Bd.
New Zealand, , 3200 bales; scoured. 6%<an*d;
greasy. 5%@10d.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal, 1300 ' bales;
scoured, Bd@ls 2*d; greasy, s*@9d.
■ --
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, May 9.— The continued advance
In wheat in Euro-" and the East is having its
! effect locally, and buyers have again got up to
j the dollar mark for bluestem, while Walla
Walla Is going at 97c 4o 98c. There is consid
erable selling at these figures, and . Eastern
i buyers are reported In the Palouse country
i preparing to again try the experiment of . send
| ing wheat across the Continent. . ;
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May Wheat cannot be secured
at the prices offered, which are $1 10 for blue
; stem and $1 06 for club. No sales.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, May '9.— Th» statement of the
visible supply _of grain In store and ■ afloat
Saturday, May 7, 1898. as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, is as follows: Wheat,
22,528,000 bushels; decrease, 736,000. Corn. i 24.
993.000 bushels; decrease,- 2,061,000. Oats, 9,503.
000 bushels; decrease, 1,684.000. Rye, 1,886,000
bushels; decrease, 944,000. Barley, 616,000 bush
j els; decrease, 253,000.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. May 9.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $214,291,706; gold reserve,
$180,250,277.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, May 9.— COTTON— Steady;
middling, 5 11-lfic.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, M»- ».— Exchanges. $463,884;
balances, $118,968. »
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — J4 gi%
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — 4 85
Sterling Cables — 4 85*
New York Exchange, sight — 6
New York Exchange, telegraphic. . — 714
Fine Silver, per ounce — 56*
Mexican Dollars —Nominal
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Alice takes for London 54.147
ctls, valued at $60,200.
There were lively times In the Wheat pit
yesterday morning. At Chicago the bull clique
ran May Wheat up to $1 75 per bushel and July
from $1 06% up to $1 21. The foreign markets
were also stiff at a pronounced advance. Of
course these conditions set this market boom
ing, and December, which closed Saturday at
$1 72*, ran up to $1 80, with heavy transac
tions. This price did not hold, however, and
quotations shaded off under sharp opposition
by the bears.
Spot Wheat was nominal at the following
quotations: Shipping, $1 80@l 82*; milling,
$1 85@1 90 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
8000 ctls, $1 80; 8000, $1 79; 20,000, $1 79%; 34 000
$1 79*; 2000, $1 79*; 2000, $1 79%; 4000, $1 79%;
2000, $1 78%; 2000. $1 78%; 12,000, $1 78*; 4000
$1 78%; 2000. $1 78*; 6000, $1 78.
Second Session— December— 46,ooo ctls, $1 79
18,000, $1 79%; 12,000, $1 79*; 8000, $1 75%; 2000,'
$1 78%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls
$1 79*; 46,000. $1 78*; 2000. $1 78%; 92,000, $1 78
26.000. $177*; May— 2ooo, $1 S3.
Afternoon Session — December — 16,000 ctls
$1 79; 10,000, $1 78%; 22,000. $1 78%; 40,000. $1 78*'
2000, $1 7SV 4 ; 30,000, $1 77%; 16,000, $1 77%; May—
4000, $1 S6; 8000. $1 85.
BARLEY — Spot prices were unchanged,
though values on call were rather firmer under
fair trading.
Feed. $1 32*@1 37*; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— December— l2,ooo ctls, $1 32\4
12.000, $132*; 2000. $132%; 8000, $132*; 12.000,'
$1 33.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2oooctls
$1 33; 4000. $1 32%; 2000. $1 32%; 2000, $1 33.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 33*; 2000. $1 33%; 4000, $1 33.
OATS— Dealers report .the market steady
enough, but quiet.
Fancy Feed, $1 42*@1 46 par ctl: rood to
choice, H 350 i 40; common. $1 80Q1 «V»; Bar
prise. |1 45@1 60; gray, $1 32%©1 37%; milling.
$1 85®l 42% per etl . , -
: I CORN— There Is nothing new. Arrivals from
1 I the East show no diminution, but there Is no
accumulation of stock.
Small round yellow $1 25 per ctl: large jrel
: low, Jl 07%@l 10; white, $1 07%@l 10 per ctl.
RYE-» 1 37%@l « per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-$1 75@2 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Flour Is advanced 26c. The China steamer
; took out 7750 barrels
FLOUR— Family Extras, $6@6 10; Bakers' Ex
tras, J5 75ig'5 85 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trad*: Graham
j Flour, $3 per 100 lbs- Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour. « : Cornmeal. $2 50; extra cream
: Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4: Oat Groats. *4 25;
; Hominy. J3 25@3 50: Buckwheat Flour, *4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat $3 75- Farina, $4 75; Whole
Wheat Flour. J3 25- Rolled Oats (barrels). $5 80
@6 20; in sacks, $5 60@6; Pearl Barley. $4 75;
Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas, *4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFF 3.
Yesterday was a great day in Hay. Tho re
ceipts were only 650 tons, but 330 of this was j
: from Oregon and 60 from Utah. This gives a
' fair idea of the flood being poured Into this 1
market from outside points. Owing to some
delay in transportation It is all coming in at |
j once and the market has broken in conse
1 quence. However this outside influx is not
likely to last long, for the shippers are all j
t losing money on it. They calculated, when j
they shipped, to get from $20 to $25 for it,
whereas it Is hard to sell at $14 to $18. as It is
1 inferior to our Hay. As soon as It Is worked j
; off the situation will probably clear.
Feedstuffs are unchanged.
BRAN— S2O rio<g2l per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $23 50ff25 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $29 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the n-11. $31«?31 50: Jobbing,
$32032 50; Cocoanut Cake. $24@25: Cottonseed
Meal, $28(^30 per ton" Cornmeal. $24 50; Crack
ed Corn, $25.
Hay— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat, $20i@23;
Wheat and Oat. $19«22; Oat. $17@19; Barley,
none: compressed Wheat, — ; compressed Oat.
$17 50^18 50; Alfalfa, $13@14; Clover, nomina4;
Timothy, $14@17.
STRAW— 7sc@sl 06 per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are still unsettled, but prices are un
changed.
BEANS— Bayos $2 901T3; Small Whites, $2 06
Q-2 15; Large Whites, $2^2 06: Pinks $2 65®
2 75: Reds, $2 75; Blackeye. $3 50@3 75; Butters,
Jl 6501 75; Limas, J3 15; Pea. $1 85-912 ; Red Kid
neys. $2 50(g2 65 per Ctl.
t'SEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 25®3 50 p*r ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $3 15 §3 25: Flax, $2 25; Canary
Seed, 2',i«f2%e per lb; Alfalfa, 3<fi'6c; Rape. 2%®
2Vc; Hemp. 2%@3c: Timothy, 5@5%c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, Jl 75@2; Green, $1 90@
2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLEa
Los Angeles String Beans brought 4@60 per
lb. Green Peppers 15c and Tomatoes $1 25®
1 50 per box.
Rhubarb Is firm, as there Is less on the
market than there has been. Green Peas are
also doing better. New Potatoes are likewise
in lighter supply. Onions are weaker. Other
wise there Is nothing new.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. lfi'@"3sc ; River Reds,
4O'S'sOc; River Burbanks. 4P(?6flc per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 60^75r; Petaluma Burbanks, 50
<ff6oc per sack; new Potatoes. I<g2c per Ib.
ONlONS— Australian. jobbing at $3 SO<Si;
new, 7".c(Ssl per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 901 boxes Ab
paragus, 365 boxes Rhubarb and 310 sacks
Peas.
Asparagus, $2<2T2 25 for extra large, $1 50<irl 75
per box for No. L 75ctf$l 25 for small; Rhu
barb. 60<@65c per box for small to good and 75@
Ssc for extra choice; (Jreen Peas, $1(^150 per
sack; Garden Peas, 2'i ! 'ff3c per lb; String Beans,
from Vacavllle, .WSc; Horse Beans, 25@.'i0c
per sack; Summer Squash. per 1-ox; Dried
Peppers, 6<{?7c per tt>; Pried Okra, 12% c; Cab
bage. 65®78c per ctl; Carrots, 3i^^oc per sack;
Cucumbers, 25cr?$l per dozen; Mexican Toma
toes, $1 25*i?l T.=> per b"x.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes sliced, raw. 12c per lh in lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated. ifi^lSc; granulated raw,
13c: Onions. 60c: Carrots, old. 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage. 30c: Swoet Potatoes. 30c: Turnips,
26c; String Beans, S«c; Tomatoes, 50c
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of Eastern go on to-day.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@l2c for Gob
blers and ll@l2c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
*lt?l 26; Goslings, *1 50^1 75; Ducks. *3<3!4 tnr
old and W3 1 * for young; Roosters, young,
$7 50(5~S 50; Roosters, old. $3 50(f4; Fryers. $6<g
6 50; "Broilers, $4 SO^S 50 for large, J2 50<34 for
small; Pigeons. 11 50^1 75 per dozen for young
and II 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Creamery Butter Is still higher, but It Is
doubtful whether the advance will hold.
Dairy shows no particular - change. Eggs are I
somewhat firmer. There -is- no change In
Cheese. .■-*■..•*■.■,,;+■>., y-~ ..-■•■*-
BUTTER
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 20@llo; sec
onds, 19c. , '.'.'•■■ ■
Dairy— Choice to fancy, ■ 17*4®19c; common :
grades, 15#16^c per lb. .
Eastern Imitation creamery, 16®
164 c; ladle-packed. 15@160 per lb; Eastern
Elgin tub. 16@18c.
CHEESE — Choice -mild new, &@9%c; common
to good, 7%@S%c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc;
Young America, 10@llc; Western, 11@12c; East
ern. - 12%@13Hc per lb. .
. EGOS— Ranch Eggs, 12%^13>4c per dozen;
store Eggs. 111? 12c; Duck Eggs. 16c -
EGGS — Ranch Eggs,l2@l3o per dozen; store
Eggs, ll@ll%c; Duck Eggs,, 16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS. ,
Fourteen crates of Apricots cams iln from
Yuma and sold at ?2@2 25 per crate.
Strawberries were • weak and Cherries were
also easy. ■-;,> •■•.
There was no change In citrus fruits.
Watsonvllle Strawberries sold at auction at
$2 Ss<§3 05 per chest. -••■-.• (
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— ; ■
Receipts were 972. chests of Strawberries and
52S boxes of Cherries. -,
Strawberries, $2 50@3 60 per chest for large
and $2 50@4 ■ for small - berries In baskets, and '
J4«5 for loose. ■
Small white Cherries, Ss@soc per box; red.
40W75c: black, Eoc@U 25. -
Gooseberries, 25®35c per drawer.
Blackberries. 12V£c per ■ basket.
Apples, 40@50c per "box : for common, 75c@$l
for good to chcice and $1 2501 50 for fancy. ■--■-
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI , Oranges, $1 50<@>2 25;
Seedlings. 40cig$l; Lemons, Bocgsl for common
and $1 2". "5 2 25 for good to : choice; Mexican
Limes. $3 oi'g-4 BO:' California Limes,, in small
boxes, 50^60o; Bananas. $1 25@2 per bunch;
Pineapples. $3@4 per dozen. ;
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS. RAISINS, '> ETC.
Dealers say that the recent /ipnrt In Prunes
has reduced the stock from 600 to '100 cars, and
that these will all be' cleaned up by the time
the new crop comes forward. At present the
market is quiet: ■ • ■•
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, . carload lots. 4X9 ,
Be for 40-50' s, 4K@4Hc ' for ' 60-60' s, 3&«S>4c - for
60-70's, 3%©3V4c for 70-80' 2%@3c for 80-90's 2%
@2Vtc for 90-100's; Peaches, 3<@>sc; fancy, 6V4@ '
6c; peeled, 10@lJ%o; Apricots, s@6}£c for Roy- I
als and 7@Sc for good to • fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, . 6%@7c; .sun-dried, 4@6c;
Black Figs, in sacks 2@2%c; Plums, i\i@i%a
for pitted and lVol^£c for unpitte^- bleached
Plums, s@sVic; Nectarines, 4@sc for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2H^4Vsc for quarters and 3@5%c
for halves, according to color, etc. > '-. .
RAISINS— I%@2c for two-crown, . 3c for three
crown, 3V>c for four-crown, 4^c for Seedless
Sultanas, 2\c for Seedless Muscatels and $1@
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes, 2%c.
Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per lb;
Walnuts, 3<^4c for hardshell and 4<§6c for soft-
Bhell; Almonds, -3@4c for hardshell, 6@7c for
softshell, BH@9c.for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4®
6%c I for Eastern I and I 4V4c for • California; Pe
cans, 6%@Bc; Filberts, ■ 8V4@10c; : Brazil Nuts,
B©9c per \Y- Cocoanuts. $4 60@5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, 9@loc • for :■ bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water- extracted, sVi@
6c; light amber, extracted. 4%@5V4c per lb. ,
BEES WAX— 24@26c per lib.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. .9c per lb for
heavy, 9V40 for light | medium, 10% c; for / light,
lie for extra light and : 12c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar cured Hams. 10%@llc; Califor
nia Hams, 9V4@loc;; Mess Beef, $10 60 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef. $12;. Salt
Pork. $9: extra prime Pork. *10; extra clear, ;
$17@17 60; mess $16; Smoked Beef," 12c per lb.
. LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at 6c per ;lb
for compound and > 7^4c; for pure; palls, B^c;
California tierces. 5Hc per lb - for compound
and 7c for pure half barrels, ". 7%c ; 10-lb tins,
8c: 5-lb tins, BV4c. - v v,-;^,, ■ ,
COTTOLENE— .6H@694c; packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-lb pails,-, 60 in a case, B%c;
8-lb pails, 20 In a case, B%c; 6-lb | pails, sl2 in a
case, B%c;- 10-lb pails, 6 in a case. - BM<c: 60-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net. 7%c ; fancy tubs. 80 1 lbs i net, 7»ic : half
barrels, . about 110 lbs. 7%c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about ■ lc ' under ' the - quotations, v ; Heavy salted
steers, 10c: ■ medium. B%@9c; light. 8%.-; . Cow
hides,. B«,@9c; , Stags, sc; salted Kip, 9c ; Calf.
10c; dry Hides, 15@16c; culls and brands,
13c ; v dry Kip and - Veal. 16@16V4c: dry Calf,
lS@l9c; culls, 16@17c: Goatskins, 30@37'-,c eacn;
Kids, - s@loc; A Deerskins, good i summer. 20@30c
per lb; medium; 20c; winter.-^ 10c;^Sheepskln^
shearlings. 20@36c each; . snort ol i v 4 jlf,^
each; : ; medium, > . 60@80c: long wool. ■.; 90c@$l 20
ca TALLOW-No. 1 rendered, :;3@3Ho:, per lb;
WOoCTal'l oilman /joaauln, ■ defective, 7®
Sc^^u^^Moran-^Oli^^fr^Northern.
13@18c: Northern, defecttye, B<SUo per lb.
HOPS— crop.' 10@14c per it). ; « ;_
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT^ MARKET.
'■■': There is no further ■ change In any descrip
tion.
■ Wholesale rates for - dressed stock - from
slaughterers are as follows: ■-■ .-_ • ' ' ; -
.- . BEEF— quality, - : 6c ; second quality.
6%c; third quality, 4«35e per lb. ; ,. . '."
VEAL— 4®f ; small. 6®6c per ">• >;^
B MUTTON— Wethers, 8c; ; Ewes. 7©7V40 per. lb.
LAMB— = B®i>4c . per lb. '/> ; ? •-. ■■-. ■■■<■
11 111 1 PORK-Llv« Ho»», 8%0 i for Urge and ,4a tor^
medium; stock Hogs, 2@2%c; dressed Hop,
E«r@6ttc. '
GENERAL. MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentin, $5 30.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8: Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5 60; Wallsend, $7 50;
Cumberland, $10 25 in bulk and $11 50 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Cannel, $10
peT ton; Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleas
ant Valley, $9; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and
$14 In sacks.
COTTON— The China steamer took out for
Japan 5736 bales, valued at $247,374.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, 6&c; Dry
Granulated, 5T«c; Confectioners' A. 5%c; Mag
nolia A, s^tc; Extra C. 5%c; Golden C, 5%c;
Candy Granulated. 6c; California A, 594 c per
lb; half barrels %c n-ore than barrels, and
boxes He more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, May 9.
Flour, qr sks ... 28.090 Wool, bales M 7
"Wheat, ctls 2.345 Hay, tons 660
Barley, ctls 1,005 Straw, tons 17
Butter, ctls 285 Eggs, doz 15.170
Cheese, ctls 62 Brandy, gals 6,530
Beans, sks 873 Wine, gals 60.500
Bran, sks 350 Leather, rolls ... 118
Potatoes, sks ... 220 1 Pelts, bdls 352
Onions, sks 31* Lime, bbls 81
Middlings, sks .. 245 Hides, no 260
Shorts, sks 1.570 1
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 1.496 Barley, ctls 570
Wheat, otls 6.825 Shorts, sks 1.570
Oats, ctls 650 Hay, tons 330
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr ska ... 1.888 Oats, otls 4.090
Wheat, otls 8,286 Bran, sks 8.400
Barley, ctls 1.100
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 6,000!
UTAH.
Hay, cars 6| »
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were somewhat firmer, and
tb" best price* war* rather over those of Satur
day.
In local securities Hawaiian Commercial was
the active stock, fluctuating between $20 and |
118, with heavy sales. Gas and Blectrlo sold
up to $87.
The Swansea and Silver King mines of Utah
will pay dividends to-day of $5000 and $37,600
respectively.
The Morning Star Mining Company of lowa
Hill, Placer County, has declared a monthly
dividend of *6 per share.
The delinquent assessment sale of the Gould
& Curry Mining Company will be held to-mor
row.
The California-street Cable Company will pay
a dividend of 50 cents per share to-morrow.
The Oakland Gas, Light and Heat Company
will pay a regular monthly dividend of 25 cents
per share on May 15. _ ..
The Pacific and Sunset Telephone and Tele
graph Companies will pay their regular month
ly dividends on May 15.
The dividends declared for April in 'Cripple
Creek by ten mines amounted to $201,500. me
total dividends paid by these proprieties axe as
follows: Portland. $1,402,080; Elkton. $016,9W;
Strong, $350,000; Moon-Anchor, $171,000; An
chorla-Leland, $126,000; Golden Cycle, $130,000;
Lillie, $80,110; Gold Coin, $60,000; El Dorado L-,
$6000; Vindicator, $57,500.
Weekly reports from the leading mines are
as follows: Consolidated Cal. & Vo., 1550
level— From the north drift skirting along the
footwall from the incline upraise at a point
178 feet on the stope above this level, i 0 feet
In from Its mouth, east crosscut No. 3 has
been advanced 17 feet, passing through por
phyry with clay seams.- From the incline up
raise No. 1 at a point 112 feet above the sill
floor of this level from the south drift at a
point 300 feet in from its mouth neer the end
of the east crosscut a south drift opposite the
north drift has been advanced six feet, pass
ing through nuartz assaying $2 and $o per ton;
total length. 42 feet. The north drift opposite
the south drift has been extended four feet,
passing through quartz assaying $1 per ton;
total length, 12 feet.
650 level— From incline upraise No. 1 at a
point 60 feet above the sill floor of this level
from the south drift skirting along the foot
wall at a point 178 in from its mouth, from the
top of the upraise which has been carried up
49 feet, from the south drift 100 feet In from
its mouth, the upraise has been carried up six
feet passing through quartz and porphyry
assaying from $1 to $2 per ton; total height. 115
feet. From this point a west drift has been
advanced 15 feet, passing through porphyry
and quartz assaying $1 75 per ton. From the
old east crosscut on the sill floor of this level
at a point 93 feet in from its mouth from the
upraise carried up 15 fe*t nbove the sill floor
we have worked north along the east drift in
quartz showing narrow streaks and bunches nf
ore. From these openings we have extracted
30 tons of ore assaying, per mine car samples.
$40 25 per ton. Have also extracted from this
part oi the mine 28 tons of low grade ore, the
sample taken from cars when raised to the
surface was $9 39 per ton. 1750 lpvel — On the
eleventh floor from the north drift from the
east drift at a point 28 feet in from its mouth
a north drift has been advanced six feet, pass
ing through old ground of former workings
from which we have saved nine tons of ore
assaying $22 20 per ton. The total extraction
of ore for the week amounted to 39 tons, the
average assay value of which, per samples
taken from cars at the surface, was $36 03 per
ton.
In the Ophir mine, on the 1000 le\-el, west
crosscut No. 3, started from the north drift
from the shaft station, 125 feet north from the
etatlon, has been extended 20 feet, passing
through hard porphyry with seams of clay;
total length of crosscut, 1094 feet. In the old
Central tunnel workings of the Ophir, from
the sill floor from the west crosscut from the
Mexican shaft starting at a point 434 feet in
from its mouth, the south drift was advanced
11 feet, passing through quartz showing nar
row seams of ore assaying $1 to $20 per ton;
total length, 31 feet.
Sierra Nevada— Riley tunnel— During the
week we stoped out from the third floor 171
mining carloads of ore. The assay value of
car samples was as follows: Gold, $50 19;
silver, 10 ounces per ton. Have hauled to the
NTevada mill during the week 161 tons of ore
and milled 150 tons. The average assay taken
from battery samples was $53 45 gold and 13
ounces of silver per ton. On May 6 shipped
24.000 pounds of sul-hurets to Selby & Co.
Returns from the first lot of ore are now in.
The average battery assay was $59 83 per ton.
The mill worked tne ore to 86 1-10 per cent.
The par value of the 188 tons was $3574 90 and
the coin value $7632 9f,. On the 900 level of the
Union shaft west crosscut 6, at a point 100
feet north from crosscut 5, was advanced 23
feet; total length, 70 feet; face In porphyry
with a slight seepage of water.
In the Gould & Curry and Best & Belcher !
mines (Comstock lode) all work through the
Bonner shaft is suspended for the present.
Brunswick Lode— Con. Ca,. & Va., Best &
Belcher and Gould & Curry— 6oo level— The
Joint south drift from the station was ad
vanced 19 feet: total length, 736 feet: face in
porphyry. The shaft has been sunk 15 feet
on the Incline: total depth. 1055 feet: bottom
in porphyry and stringers of quartz. The
Joint west crosscut started from the south
drift, at a point 600 feet from the station, was
advanced 16 feet; total length, 73 feet; face In
porphyry.
Occidental Consolidated— The official letter
for the past week is brief and says: 760 level-
All work is now confined to this level. The
upraise from the west crosscut is up 10 feet;
top is in $40 gold ore. The north drift from
said west crosscut is in 15 feet; face in ore of
the assay value of $25 per" ton gold.
The following companies report money on
hand April 30: Alta $1049; Alpha Con.. $2085:
Andes, $3047: Belcher. J2357; Best & Belcher
$11,423; Bullion, $376: Con. Cal. & Va., $12 323;
Crown Point, $6757; Chollar, $5014; Con. .New
York, $183; Exchequer. $300; Gould & Curry,
$6519; Mexican, $284; Occidental Con., $1158-
Ophir, $9960; Potosi. $5856; Savage, $1346; Seg
Belcher, $90; Sierra Nevada. $7348; Silver Hill
$226, with bills payable of $1750; Union Con
$2333; Utah Con., $1797.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE,
MONDAY. May 9—2 p. m
Btd.Ask. Bid.Ask.
.US Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 45*4 50 •
4b quar coup..lO<>HlloM> Pac Gas Imp.. 85 85%
4s quarreg... loß^lo9^ Pac I. C 0..... — 60V,
4s quar new.:. 122^122% S F G & E... 86*4 87V4
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3»i 3«
Cal-st Cab 65.114>4 — Stock Ga5....: 12 —
Cal El 65...:. .125 — Insurance—
C C Wat 55... 88^4103% Flrem's Fund. lßs —
Dup-st ex c. — -98% Bank Stocks— '
E L & P 65..126V4— Anglo-Cal .... — 62V4
F & Ch rty 6s. — 116H Bank of Ca1.. 240 ; —
Geary-st RM. — 9? Cal SD&T. 90 • 95&
HC & S 5U5..100 105 First Nat ..;.195 —
L AL: Co 6a. — 100 Lon P & A. ;. .139 —
Do itntd 65. . — , 100 ■ Mer Exchange 10 15 '
Market-st 65.. — 126 Nev Nat 8. . .150 157%
Do Ist M 55..112H113^4 - Savings Banks- .
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 97% GerS & L,.. — 1650 '
NCNg Ry 75.10S — Hum S & L.. 1050 1160
NRy Cal 65. .105 — Mutual Say. — 42%
N Ry.Carss..:99%looVi S F Say U.. — .'SOO
NPC R R 65.100y 4 — S& L 50.... — 500
NPC R R ss. — 101 Security SB. 250 —
Oak Gas ' 65. . .100 — Union T Co. 950 —
Do 2d Is 55.. — 108 - Street Railroad—
Om Ry 65.....123H— California ....108 110
P.& O 65.. 110 — Geary ......... 40 _ ,-'
P&Ch Ry 65. 104 110 Market-st .... 51% 52%
•Powell-st 63...116; — Presidio .......: 6 7U
Reno WL&L..IOO — . -Powder— ;.
SacEJec Ry 58.100 — California ....115 150 .
S F & N P 68.106 106% E Dynamite.:. «5:; 90>J
SferraßCal 6e. — 105 Giant Con ! Co. 44^ «Vi
SPof Ar .103 104 Vlgorlt ..*.'.:.;• 3% 3*4
S P Cal 65... — 113 Miscellaneous— - ,
SPC Is egos..'— 96 : Al Pac Assn.. 92% —
S P Br 65...-..108 V£llo . Ger Ld ■W'ks.llO —
S V.Wat 65... 116 — Hana P C 0... 10% 15
S V Wat 45... 101 103 HC & S Co.. IH% 18%
Stock ■ Gas : 65.. — 103 Hutch S P Co. 48 .. 4S«
Water Stocks— ' ; Mer, Ex : Assn. M — -
Contra Costa:. 60 .61% Nat Yin C 0... — 64
Marln Co v . . .60 — Oceanic •• S Co. —■ 53
Spring Valley.loo 101 Pac = A :F= L.. 14 2H
Gas & Electric— Pac Bot C0... 100^101
Cent Gaslight. lo3 - — Par Paint : Co. 7 —
Mutual :El , Co. lU4 13 . :■■ : .
.:■'. ;■.,; Morning Session..- : . ■ :
15 Contra Costa Water :..... ............. 50 00 ..
115 Market-street i Railway  : r. . .~: vr.-. r." 52 00 •
100 Oceanic Steamship Co — :.:....:.... 52 00
20 Spring Valley Water -..".. r:.-.".:-..-.T 99 50 V :
400 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar .-....: 20 00'
150 do do ;...:.-••••".„.. ; .:::£:i9 75 "
100 do ' do • • 19 50
880 1 Vdo \do ' .'.."..'..':.;......•........; 00
100 do flo "•.•...•.-••••■•*•.••.".*.:. 18 75
; ; 50 . do do .^^..::V...;;V.....v;^...,18 62V»:
lIOQ : do ;■- 40 f ........ v ....~~....... 18 »« ,
100 do do Jlm
•-MO-.i do do - "2S
100 do do 18 «
Afternoon j Session.
85 Alaska Packers' Association ........ M T5
15 Giant Powder- C0n..:... •••• ♦* w»,
i 10 Market-street Railway '»Z 5?
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 18 50
f. ■6 do do ...—,.... IS 87H
65 do do «™
60 do- do a «Sk H
10 SF Gas & Electrlo 00......... 85 »
15 do do — ".§§s2.
15 do do ..— — —II 00
10 do do •• ••••• 88 to .
25 do do - 87 00
71 Spring Valley Water.......... 100 00
JSOOOS F. & N P Ry Bonds, b 10 106 25
. 100 Vlgorit Powder .. • • a . °"
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
60 Hawaiian C & S C 0..... — l» 88
Street— ' . ' ao 'mi ■'
50 Spring Valley Water •»»|L
50 do do « *'*
Afternoon • Strret - Sales.
20 Hawaiian C &8 Co • » 78
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Afternoon Session.
600 Belcher ......... *16 225 Hale & Norcrs. 80
200 Best & Belcher. *54j220 ...... 79
200 Challenge Con . . 12 ! 100 Justice ..^ ..... 10
125 Con Cal & Va.. 671100 Ophir 4o
125 .:......... 66 200 Savage 18
100 Confidence ......46 200 Sierra Nevada.. 69
600 Gould & Curry.. 27 1 600 Yellow Jacket.. 29
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: . ..
Morning Session.
*5Be£her'::::::::: !• •::::::::::: «
200 Best A Belcher. 33 200^^r^g %
lOOOßuiilon 07 500 ...... ............ 26
300 Caledonia 14 *00 •• (i
600 Challenge ....... 11 M 0 Savage rr-v*}!
400Chollar 25 «»,•••;;; m ;;""""" is
200Con"Cai"* *YaM 65 400 SleVra' "Nevada. . 65
26 .- 64 200...... ■»
800 Crown Point ... IS 800 ... •••••"•• """51
600 Gould & Curry.. 29 200 Union Con ...... 19
MO 27 500 Utah 07
100 Hale & « Norcrs. 67 1 800 Yellow Jacket.. 25
200 Mexican 09 500 »»
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 16 200 v- • y '•■•■ — '".' H
200 Best & Belchr. 34 300 Ophlr 43
300Chollar 24 200" — *5
200 Con Cal & Va.. 66 500 Overman 04
200 ......... 67 400 Potosl 26
300 Gould & Curry-. 27 300 Savage m.::::::: 17
2??«~* | !K.e B rra & £Vada:: |
3300Mexlc^n' "!!'*" 10 300 Yellow Jacket... 29
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. May 9—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Hate & Norcrs. 78 79
Bld.Ask. Julia — 02
Alpha 03 04 Justice 09 -0
Afa .... 18 20 Kentuck .......' 01 02
Andes ... 09 10 Lady Wash ... - 02
Benton Con ... -15 Mexican : ,09. 11
Belcher 1« 17 Occidental 1001 10
Best & Belchr. 33 34 Ophir 43 44
gnaV^e-Con: 3 .§ |^>cher " It |
Con Cal & Va. 65 67 Scorpion ....... — 02
Confidence..... 45 46 Sierra Nevada. 67 68
Con Imperial . 01 02 Silver Hill .... - 06
Crown Point .. 12 13 Syndicate -.£
Con New York. - 02 Standard 1601 Bo
, Eureka Con ... - 20 Union Con .... 18 19
I g^ulT&^Vry: V II Yef, h ow" Jacket! 27 2S
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Man' and Louis Junker to Herman Murphy,
!ls3s 1 '" < i;«.s'N"i^ p a M Kc.«.«~s
49-10U E Of Webster. E 49:10% Dy N 132:6; |10. ,
Elizabeth Buckley, lot on NW comer rf Turk
s of Eddy S S5 by W 12T; also lot on W line
of °Devl«de£ street, 25 8 of Eddy. 8 25 by W
100- also lot on S line of Eddy street.loo W of
TjpvUadero W 27 by S 102:6; gift,
James J Dowling to Catherine DowUnf. lot
by . Graven E by San Bruno road and \V by
Railroad avenue. People's Homestead Tract
A- also lot on E line of Steiner street, 70 S of
El'lisS 17:6 by E 68:9: also all interest In any
real property not discovered: gift.
John and Johanna C. Wenetnim to Mary Mo
lony lot on E line of Hampshire street. 147:6
S of Twenty-first. S 25 by E mO; JlO.
Briton! ! a of on^^ne^f"^ -JSSSo^ 3
M^H\^ : L7z,e <^ : ?o^K,;Tutt ( lot on S
line of Ellis street. 87:6 E of Mason. EM by
8 100, subject to a mortgage for loo.QOO; « 0 .-.\r
Blanche Werthelmer (wife of B E.) to ' Hlber
nla Savings and Loan Society, lot on SE line
of Park Lane north. 212 SW of Second, SW 22
b> James A. and Augusta Sexton to Henry and
William H. Crlbben. lot on SE line of Bluxome
street, 137:6 SW of Fourth. SW 45:10 by SE 120,
quitclaim deed; Hvilllam H. and Annie Crib-
Henry. Maria. William H. and Annie Crib
ben toVribben & Sexton Co., game, quitclaim
Wtilinm C. and Theodore L. Gray to John R.
and Walter W. Gray and Alice A. Tomer un
divided two-fifths of lot on SE line of Minna
street. 275 NB of Sixth, NB 25 by SE .0; *10.
Elizabeth W. Carpenter to William C. Lath
am lot on W line of Seventeenth avenue. Io3:ll
N of Clement street, N 25 by W 120; $10. V.
Sarah J. and C. J. Chenery to A. G. Nelson,
lot on E line of Twelfth avenue, 125 Nof Is
street. N 26 by E 120; H.'.Wishart to Frederick
James M and Ellen H. Wishart to Frederick
Carlsen. lots 21 and 22, block 5. Holly : Park
Tract: $10.
: Frederick Carl Ben to James Ethen and Karl
Glmbel, same: $10.
Mary A. Elsom (wife of William M. Elsom)
to J. C. McKenzie. lot on S line of San Jose
avenue. 70 E of Sherman, E 80 by S 125, lots
4. 5, block 6, • West , End Map 2, . quitclaim
deed; $5. /
Mary A. Mugge to H. G. Ellsworth, same;
$10. -
Anna Pavel (wife of Gustave Pavel) to Wil
liam Horstmeyer, lot 39. . block ■B, Park Lane
Tract, on 8 line of Merritt ■ street, . between
Rose and Hattie; $10.
Alameda County.
Henry Knoche to Wilhelm Wanser, lot on
E line of Filbert street, 75 S of Twenty-first, S
40:10 by E 125. biock 614, Oakland; $10.
E. L. and Barbara S. Hawk to E. E. Hollo
peter, lot on 8 line of West Sixteenth street,
90 W of Willow, W 75 by S 120:7^. being lots
9, 10 and 11. block C, Garden Tract Homestead,
Oakland; grant.
.John D. and Harriet M. Tilson to Columbian
Mutual Building and Loan Association, lot on
S line of Forty-sixth street, 140 E of Grove. E
25 by S 100, block 2110. Alden Tract at Temea
cal, Oakland Annex; $50.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to William
McKenzie Hind, lot on NE corner of Allston
■way and Byron street, E 80 by N 100, being
lots 21 and 22. block D, Bryant Tract, Berke
ley: $5.
E. D.. Elizabeth A., H. F., Carrie and
Brldiret M. Bn.ssett to Mary H. Bassett. lot on
E line of Brandon street, 226 N of Lloyd
avenue, -N 3/:K by E 100, being lot 14 and S
half of lot 15. block C, Fruitvale Station Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $6.
Hetty T. Henshaw to Egbert B. Stone, lot on
E line of Stanley street. 172.22 SE of Four
teenth. S 12.~i by W 110. being lots 11 to 15, block
A, Linda Park. Brooklyn Township; also lot
on W line of Stuart street, 140 S of Twelfth.
W 115, S 122.18. E 117.32. N 9R.»7 to beginning,
being lots in to 13. block H, Linda Park. Brook
lyn Township: also lot on W line of Stanley
street. 235 S of Twelfth. W 110, S 25, W U0 S
81.9. E 224.42. N 62.49 to beginning, being lots
10 to 14, block I. same. Brooklyn Township; $10.
George and Louise J. Roeth to Mary I. A.
Meyers (wife of J. S.). lot on E line of Market
street, 25.41 S of Fourth. E 91.96. S 25. W 87 42
N 25.41 to beginning, block 100. Oakland; $10
W. W. and Florence E. Woodson to Mrs. M
J. Woodson. lot on NW line of Thirteenth aye
nue. 133 SW of East Eighteenth street SW 30"
by NW 150. block 92, Clinton, East Oakland,
subject to mortgage; $10.
James S. Dougherty to Olla M. Dougherty,
lot on E line of Howe street, 195 N of Booth
N 45 by E 125. block F, Thermal Hill (formerly
the Howe) Tract. Oakland Annex: gift
Elizabeth MeComb Jr. to Elizabeth McCnmb
Sr.. lot? 10. 11 and 12. block E, subdivision of
Hillegass Tract. Berkeley; gift.
J. T. Powers to Joseph Morath. lot on E line
of Calhoun street. 175.70 S from S line of county
roart. Oakland to San Leandro, S 50 by E 100,
being lot 28, block G, Huntington Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
Jesse L. Wetmore to William J. F. Wood
roffe. lot 2. block A-l. subdivision of Quigley
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $250.
Builders' Contracts.
Ellen A. Fife (owner) with Kuss & Storz
(contractors'*, architect Nathaniel Blaisdell.
painting-, graining, staining and finishing: i f
natural wood for three three -story frame
buildings on E line of Devlsadero street, 62:6
N of Fulton, N 50, E 137:6, S 112:6. W 27:6, N
62:6. W 110: $1500.
Minnie M. Mundy (owner) with Knox A Cook
(contractors), architect Edgar A. Mathews. all
work for a two-story frame building with fln
ishPil attic and basement and surrounding im
provement:: on N\V corner of Broderick and
Clay streets, N 105 by W 29: $7807.
THE CALX. CAL.KNDAB.
May, 1898.
8
1
To. We Th. Pr.
3 ; :i; 6S
~io" II; 13 13
17 IS 1» »
IT ITIT IT
si ■ - ;.
We
4
11
Sa.
U
I 28
©ITnU Moon.'/
g); -T- May &;•.;■■■•
tfx Last Quarter
(S- May 12. >
Moon's Pbasea ,
! i<
23
©
2i
May 2a
I ?.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of tn« United States Hydrojrraphla
Office located In the Merchants Exchange, t,
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
Mariners without regard to .• nationality and
fr Navfgato P r e s nB a e re cordially Invited to That th«
office, where complete sets of charts and .an.
?ng - directions of the world are kept on han^
foF comparison and reference and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matter*
of interest to ocean commerce.
The timeball on top of the building on Tele,
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United P States Naval Observatory at Mar*
l8 A n L stating whether the time ball w,,
dropped on time or giving the error if any, i,
published the same day by the afternoon pa
|en, and by the morning j papers
y Assistant In Charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey,
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE.— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Pointj
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MAY-IS9B
Tuesday, May 10.
rises.'. S:OJ
acts 7:09
n rises... 11:5* p. m.
i«s»| Feet |33£2 l Feet I?!™ | 1
1H Wi L Wl H W ;L Wl
11 2:81
13 8:61
IS 6:1»
L W
14 0:51
15 1:52
16 :»:*1
,17 3:2«
5.6 B:4''
6.1 9:49
4.8 10:4.)
1.6 11:60
H W
2.3 6:40
1.1 7:53
1.0 9:05
0.6 10:00
-it; 4:26
—0.4 6:21
0.1 8:10
0.5 «:30
L W
4.4 1?:47
4.3 1:37
4.4 2:2U
1.6 3:00
4.5
4.7 1
6.0 !
6.2
10
1.4
1.8
2.21
! 8:4*1 n
I 10:1s Jt.i
! 11:38 2.3
h'w
7:32 m
S:ll 5.J
8.4,- 6.?
I »:21 5.S
£».:
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides nf tha
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third ticjo
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heigrhtg
given are additions to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, exce; t
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low watpra.
gTKAMEHS TO ARRHK.
STBAMEIt- [
Empire..........
San Jose ...
City of Sydney .
Progrreao. !
Burma
Nortn Foml.-...
State or Csu....
Curacao ••••
Lakme .........
Chllkat .......
Coos Bay ..... !
Mackinaw I
Washtenaw !
Senator
Walla Wa11a....
Crescent City.. [
Orizaba.. ...
Oregon..
Pomona ■
Arcata... •
Alleeßlanchard I
Homer — I
Coiumoia ......
Santa Rosa
Doric I
UmatlJla .. I
iuoob nay.
Panama ........
Panama
1 Seattle
iNanalmo
ttumDOKU
Portland
Mexico
ISeattle
I Bel River
! Newport „ .......
I Tacoma
ITacoma.
Pugst Sound - ir -
Vlctorla & Pu*et Sound . .
[Crescent Cltr ..
Hum oo la t ■■■■■--
Portlana
San Di?ffo~ .■ n n
Coos Bay ........
(Seattle ,  r ■
I HurabOldt.... nwmmii.
I Poruana i
San Dleeo
|Chlna ana Japan.
! Victoria * Pueet 9na
| May 10
May 10
May ll)
May 10
May 10
May 10
May v
May 10
May 10
May :o
May 11
May if
May U
May
May
May 13
May 13
May 14 !
May 19
May IS
May H
May 13
May 13
May 17
Mayi:
May IT
STGA3IERS TO BAIL.
I
ITIONI
Gaelic China 4 Japan
City Puebla Vie & Yki Snu
Santa Rosa San Diejro ....
Chlikat.... Humboldt....
Samoa Humboldt —
State of Ca: Portland
NortnPork Humboldt ...
Coos Bay.. Newport
Orizaba.. .. Humboldt ....
Curacao ... Mexico
Arcata.... lUoosßav
Oregon Portiana
Pomona...- San Dieyo —
Walla Wlla ! Vlo & Pirt Snd
Homer \ Newport
Columbia. ■ | Portiana
I May 10. 1 pm
! May 11. 10 am
May 11. 11 am
May 11. 3 pm
May 12. 10 am
May 12. 10 am
May 13. 9 am
May 13. 9 am
May 14. 10 am
May 14. 10 am
May 14,10 am
May 15. 10 am
May 15. 11 Ik
May 16. 10 am
May 17. 9am
I May 18. 10 am
Pier 18
! Pier 12
Pier i
Pier 11
Pier a
Pier 11
Pier II
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 13
THE TIME BALI*
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. B. N., Mer
chants" Exchange. Baa Franci»co, May
9 IS9B
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— c., at noon of tn«
120 th meridian, or exactly i I p. m^Grednwich
time J. T. McMILLAN,
Assistant in Charge
SHIPPING INTEI/IiIGEXCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday. Mar I.
Stmr Samoa. Johnson, 22 hours from Eu-
Willamette. Hansen. 78 hours from
S< 6tmr' San Jose. Plllsbury. 18 day. 22 hour.
f^rmr Pa c^mrßl7erriKon, 15 hour, from
fiun? I sSta Rosa, Alexander. 61% hours from
n ie ronemaugh. Boggs, 69 days from New
York via Coronel 24 days. •
Stmr Westport. Hansen. 46 hours from Hue
ne stmr Santa Cru». Olsen, 24 hours from San
Stmr 1 ' State of California. ■ Green. 46% hours
from Portland, via Astoria 38% hours.
Schr Okanogan, Rensch. 8 days from Port
Gamble.
CLEARED.
Monday, May 9.
Stmr Acapulco, Cattaxlnlch, Panama; P SI
C* g Qq . '
Stmr Homer, Jessen, San Pedro; Goodall.
Perkins & Co. . _ _
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond, Nanalmo; H
Dunsmuir Sons Co.
Schr Charles Hanson, Dannevlg, Kotzebu*
Sound; Kotzebue Con and Mining Co. 9MP&j£
SAILED.
Monday, May I.
Stmr Columbia, Goodall, Astoria. . ..;;
Etmr Acapulco Cattarinich. Panama.
Stmr Homer. Jessen. San Pedro. -
Stmr Point Arena. Honsen. Mendoclno. ',
Schr Urunus. Stangeland. codnsaing.
Schr Five Brothers. Jensen.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Vay 9. 10 p. m.— Weather,
foggy; wind, vV: velocity, 16 miles.
• CHARTERS.
Th« ship Columbia loads coal at Tacoma few
th The°Co'mliebank leads wheat at Tacoma for
Europe. 37s 6d; Ednyfed. wheat at Portland for,
Europe, 38s 9d* Port Logan, same voyage, 3. a
6d.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived " May 9— Stmr Jewel.
"e ™REKA-Artved May 9-Stmr Orizaba, hna
M Sailed May S-Schr Jessie Minor, for Hono- ;
1U COQUILLE. RIVER— May 4— Sch Liz
zie Prien, hence April 21. 9-Schr H D BendU
y SEATTLE— SaiIed May 9— Schr H D ±$enaix
sen, for Nicolaefski. May 9^chr Rio Rey.
REDONDO— Arrived May 9— Schr «io «ey,
"^gJSaffi Arrived May 9-Schr F S Red
nem E 'from RR p T or\ A B liake.ey;I iake.ey; schr Maweema. from
ATOO"sH-P aS May v «h, ; H D Ben
heUMPQI"A-Sa^d May7-Schr Lily, for Saa
F SAN 8 PEDRO-Airlv«l May 8-Schr Meteor.
4T:REKA-Arrlv«l May 8-Stmr Chllkat. _
he GREENWOOD-Artved May 9-Stmr Alca-
May 9-Stmr North Pork,
for S^d F iS 9^Stmr Scotia, hence May 7. V
r LLAMOOK--Arrived May 5-Schr Gem.
he n^ed May 28-Schr2 8-Schr Gem. for San Francisco.
EUREKA-Salled May 9-Stmr Scotia, for
"~ASTORIA— Arrived May 9— Stmr Oregon, hno
May 8 " FOREIGN PORTS. ,
ntTrvv<sTOWN- May 9— Stanley : Fose tak
ine to Dunkirk part of cargo of Br ship Lord
4? g latter left to-day for Dunkirk in tow.
PALLAS-Arrived May 7-Br. ship Cap*
' V l?AVßE^ArVlved n^ay 8-Nor bark Ophelia.
fr DUNK e iRK-Arrived May 9-Br bark Cam-
HO n NGK e ON a Arrived prior to May 7-Br
_.„,,- virtoria. from : m »-Stmr Colon, hno
PANAMA--Arrived May 23-Stmr Colon, hno
March 28; stmr Starbucks from Champerico.
'balled April 29— Stmr San Jose, for San Fran
cisco- stmr City of Sydney, for San Fran-
C 'pOBT ELIZABETH— Arrived April 6— Br brls
Thetis, from Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed May 7— Br stmr Em
press of India, for Vancouver.
miNKlßK— Arri%ed May 7— Ger bark J C
Pfluger. from Oregon.
COLON — Sailed May 7— Stmr Alllanca, for
New York.
SWISS-AMERICAN BANK
Of Locarno, Switzerland, and
CALIFORNIA MORTGAGE & SAVINGS BANK,
624 Montgomery street. San Francisco.
Paid up capital and reserves $620,000
A General Savings and Commercial Banking
business transacted.
Interest paid on savings deposits. T
Loans on approved real estate security and
on commercial paper.
DIRECTORS:
Ernst A. Denlcke. A. Sbarboro, J. C. Rued,
E. Martinonl, F. C. Siebe. A. Tognazrinl, H.
Brunner. McD. R. Venable, J. C. Bauer, F.
Kronenberj, Chas. Martin, C. Gehret, P. Tog-
nazzlni, & GrandU G. Rottanzi,ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
NALL DEMANDS
OPEN TRIAL
Scandal Breaks Out in a
Methodist Sunday-
School.
The Superintendent Is Charged
With Annoying a
Lady.
Has Employed Counael and Intends
to Fight the Cms Very
Bitterly.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, May 9.
George Nail, superintendent of the Sun
day school of the Thirty-fourth street
Methodist church, has been charged by
certain members of the congregation with
unbecoming conduct as a church officer.
The charges have been formally drawn
up, signed and presented to the pastor,
Rev. Charles F. Brown, and a trial has
been ordered to take place next Monday
night.
The nature of the accusation is very
serious, and Mr. Nail emphatically denies
it all and has engaged an attorney to
defend him before the officers of the
church, and declares that the responsi
bility for heaping this humiliation upon
him will be traced to its origin and that
he will have substantial satisfaction.
The paper containing the charges was
drawn up by some of the members of the
congregation, and it sets forth that some
time last year Mr. Nail called in the
afternoon on Mrs. Hattie F. Long, a mar
ried woman, at her house at Twenty
eighth and Union streets, and that his
conversation was not such as is expected
from the superintendent of a Sunday
school. The details of the conversation
are not given, but it is stated that Mrs.
Long will tell her story on the witness
stand at the trial.
Another charge brought against Mr.
Nun ia that on one occasion he paced
back and forth before the Long household
in a manner annoying to Mrs. Long and
that such conduct is also unbecoming an
officer of the church. These charges were
submitted to the pastor, Rev. Charles F.
Brown, and he took steps to have them
Investigated at a regular church trial, but
he will not preside himself, having dele
gated that Important task to Rev. A. T.
Is'eerlham of East Oakland.
Much surprise has been expressed that
these charges, which are dated in the fall
of last year, have been allowed to remain
so long before being brought openly. At
the time mentioned in the complaint Rev.
Mr. Jones wus pastor of the church and
nothing was heard of the matter until
after he was succeeded by Rev. Mr.
Brown, Since the coming of Mr. Brown
there has been a renewal of the unpleas
antness that existed three years ago,
when Rev. Mr. Van Emery left the
church. This trouble has broken out in
various forms and the present trial of Mr.
Nail is one of them. The present pastor,
Mr. Brown, has frequently clashed with
Mr. Armstrong, secretary of some of the
church societies, and a few weoks ago
this trouble broke out openly. Each gen
tleman said some peculiar things of the
other, and no doubt the notoriety added
fuel to the existing fire, for in the pres
ent Instance Mr. Armstrong is said to be
one of the warmest defenders of Mr. Nail.
This afternoon Mr. Nail came into Oak
land and laid the matter before Judge
11. D. Talcott and engaged that gentle
man to attend the trial in his behalf.
Judge Talcott will demand that the pro
ceedings be conducted openly and will
have a stenographic report made so that
if occasion is taken by gosslpers to tell
idle tales he will be prepared to act in
the pn-miFesi.
If the verdict of the church court is not
favorable to Nail he will take an appeal
from the district conference to the gen
eral conference, which meets at Pacific
Grove this fall. One of the friends of Mr.
Nail says that if the charges were true
it is rather strange that some very posi
tive action has not been taken before this
time fur the husband of Mrs. Hattie Long,
whom it is alleged was insulted by the
Sunday school superintendent.
MRS. BTJNNELL RESIGNS.
Ibell Club Divided as to the Cause
of Her Withdrawal.
I have presented my resignation to the
board of directors. No action has been
taken and I do not know when it will
be. The board may not meet for some
time. I have had all the honor. If there
la any. in the presidency, and we have a
number of women capable of filling the
position. A new board has Just been
elected consisting of the brightest w-im^n
of the organization, and I am sure a
number of them are capable of presid
ing over the Ebell in such a manner as
to give perfect satisfaction. This month
is the end of the year. Xext month Is
vacation. Nothing new is being at
tempted, but the club is prosperous and
In a good condition. Some other presi
dent can take up the work now. and it
will be better for all concerned." — State
ment o* Mrs. A. W. Eunnell, president
of the Ebell Club.
OAKLAND, May 9.— Mrs. A. W. Bun
nell, president of the Ebell Society, has
resigned, and her resignation is now in
the hands of the board of directors. Mrs.
H. B. Pinney, another of the most active
of the board, has also tendered her resig
nation. Both actions were taken at the
meeting of the directors last Friday, but
the board declined to pass upon either of
them, and every effort is being made to
induce their withdrawal, but so far with-
out success.
For eight years Mrs. Bunnell has been
president of the Ebell, and each succeed
ing election haa shown that she was the
favorite of h large majority of the four
hundred members. Naturally every one
Is curious to know the reasons that have
led up to her taking the present decisive
stand. Opinion is about evenly divided
as to the cause. Some declare that it is
the result of the strictures passed on the
club by Mrs. John F. Swift two weeks
ago. when she was the guest of the Ebell;
others declare that the resignations have
been caused by tha election of Mrs. Gran
ville Abbott to the presidency of the Red
Cross League.
As Mrs. Bunnell declines to discuss the
matter the exact reasons for her resigna
tion may never be known.
Tho £S g ? liir f °rtnlghtly luncheon of the
Ebell Club takes place to-morrow after
noo,n v, and r h " m^tter of the president's
and Mrs. Plnneya resignation will no
doubt be thoroughly dissected
EEMOCKATIC CENTRAL CLTTB.
Officers Elected and Preparations
Made for Taking Part in the
Coming Campaign.
ALAMEDA, May 9-The Alameda Dem
ocratic Central Club held a meeting Sat
urday evening at which about fifty "mem
bers were present. T-e following officers
were elected: T. C. Stoddard, president-
H. Hauch, first vice-president- Thomas
A. Smith, second vice-president; A F
Huff secretary. An executive committee
of thirteen, one from each precinct in the
City, will be appointed. It was decided to
take an active part in the coming cam
paign.
The club passed a strong reslution in
dorsing the course of the administration
In the Cuban matter.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMBDA, May 9.— Captain Joseph
Know-land presented the postofllce with a
Gne American flag this afternoon, and it
was raised by Miss 11. A. Graves, the
young lady who has for several years
presided at the general delivery window.
Tommy Gardner was discharged to-day
by Justice Morris from the charge of bat
tery made against him for attacking a
party of Oakland boys who had been im
ported to distribute handbills, thus throw
ing Alameda boys out of a job. The com
plaining witness did not appear.
T. T. Kelley, who recently moved to
this city from San Francisco, was ar
rested yesterday and put up $25 bail on a
charge of beating his wife.
HALF-HOLIDAY WANTED.
Mayor Thomas, Presidents Arper and
Heron Make an Appeal.
OAKLAND, May 9.— The following self
explanatory circular letter was issued to
| day:
Mayor's Office, City Hall, W. K. Thomas,
Mayor.
OAKLAND. May 9, 189 S.
To th« merchants, manufacturers and busi
ness firms of the city of Oakland: The Cali
fornia Jockey Club has generously offered to
donate the receipts of Saturday, the 21s*. inst.,
for the benefit of the Alameda and Com a
Costa tunnel road fund. It is of the utr.io«t
Importance that this occasion shall be a pro
nounced financial success. There Is no enter
prise now on foot in Oakland of greater Im
portance to the healthy commercial growth
of our city and county than that of establish
ing direct communication with, the near-by
producing district of Contra Costa County.
We, the undersigned, therefore earnestly re
quest the merchants, manufacturers and other
citizens havins the Interest of our city at
heart to unite in granting and declaring Satur
day afternoon, the 21st tnst., a half holiday,
so that the employers and employes may one
and all contribute to the early completion of
the tunnel road. W. R. THOMAS, Mayor.
GEORGE W. ARPER.
President Merchants' Exchange.
E. A. HERON,
Pri-sirlent Board of Trade.
Adams Settles With Townley.
OAKLAND, May 9.— The litigation over
the construction of the bulkhead in front
of the Adams property on the estuary is
at an end. To-day a satisfaction of judg
ment was filed in the suit of John A.
Townley vs. Edson F. Adams. This is the
case in which the cost of extra piiingi
and the deductions for the giving way of
the bulkhead was at stake. Some time
ago a sensational paper made great ado
because an attachment made against Mr.
Adams in this case was returned Indorsed
no funds or property on which it could
be served, attempting to make it appear
that he was bankrupt.
DR. DILLE COMES
IN FOR WRATH
Ladies Are Indignant at His
Strictures Upon Fabiola
Day.
Many Prominent Women Hold That
His Position la the Reverse of
U nassa il able.
OAKLAND, May 9.— The condemnation
by Dr. Dllle on the Fabiola day at the
racetrack has been widely discussed in
Oakland to-day. While some parts of the
doctor's address are acknowledged to be
incapable of denial, there are one or
two paragraphs that have aroused great
indignation. One of these is the follow
ing:
I have no doubt any saloon or gambling hell
in Oakland would give the ladles a night's re
ceipts if they would stand behind the bar and
mix drinks, or preside at the gaming table;
and I should like to be informed In what re
spect this Derby day is morally on a higher
plane.
Another paragraph to which the ladles
take objection is that in which Dr. Dille
says: "If Mr. Williams wishes to make
a donation to the Fabiola why does he not
do so outright? Why does he require the
managers to so advertise and approve his
gambling scheme that they become parti
ceps criminis In every crime it produces,
and so that, if their sons are ruined by it,
they are estopped from any protest?"
Mrs. Yule, president of Fabiola, says
she does not understand wherein is any
difference between obtaining a donation
from the racetrack by means of Fabiola
day and the following of Dr. IMlie's sug
gestion and accepting a donation outright
lrom Mr. Williams.
"In any event," says Mrs. Yule, "if Fa
biola is to be benefited by a day's receipts
at the racetrack, I think it is actually
more straightforward to have aji open
day known as Fabiola day and to adver
tise and work for it as such than to take
a check for an equal amount from Mr.
Williams quietly and say nothing about
it. The money in either case would come
from the same source, and I cannot see
wherein lies the justification for Dr.
Dille's criticism. Regarding some parts of
his address I do not care to speak."
Mrs. William Letts Oliver said to-day:
"It's a case of sour grapes. The ladles
onlyl share the gate money. They have
nothing to do with bookmaklng. I see
nothing to warrant Dr. Dille's criticism.
I think Dr. Dille may some day ask the
favor of the same people that he is now
abusing."
Walked It in Fourteen. Hours.
OAKLAND, May 9. — Assemblyman
Bretllng paid Richard Gorman $50 this
morning in accordance with a bet made
Thursday. By the terms of the contract
Gorman was to work all day Saturday in
the butcher shop and walk home from
San Jose on Sunday. Gorman made the
trip in fourteen hours without trouole
with the Assemblyman's brother as an
escort, the latter riding in a buggy.
Flag for the Church.
OAKLAND, May 9.— C. S. Lewis, sexton
of the First Congregational Church, and
a patriotic American, has presented that
church with a flag and pole, and seeks
to have It placed upon the building. The
trustees will decide the matter at their
I next meeting. As the Eighth-avenue M.
j E. Church already has a flagstaff upon
I their edifice it is not expected that any
i opposition will be made to this.
Grand Jury To-Day.
OAKLAND, May 9.— The Grand Jury
will meet to-morrow at 1:30 p. m. Pua
tice Fred C. Clift and Constables Cronln
and Koch will be the witnesses. The
question of the bills they have presented
to the Board of Supervisors will be in
vestigated.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, May 9.— Con Fitzgerald and
his two brothers were acquitted by Judge
Allen in the Police Court this morning of
a charge of resisting an officer.
Burglars called at the residence of T.
F. Chapman, corner of Third avenue and
East Fourteenth street, yesterday, and
cut open and ransacked a trunk in the
basement. Just as they forced the door to
the upper floor the family scared them
off
Mrs. Isabella Martin, who has been in
prominence so often, in court and other
wise, had an experience with fire on
Saturday. Her son upset a can of ben
zine and an alcohol stove together, which
set the house on tire. The Fire Depart
ment extinguished it with little damage.
John Milcovich, who was recently fined
$100 for violating the liquor license, put
up $230 cash to-day for a similar charge
and battery. He waived a jury and the
hearing was set for Wednesday. He Is
also charged with selling liquor to a
minor.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, May 9.— The Academic
Senate of the University to-day author
ized President Martin Kellogg to call a
meeting of the professors, associate pro
fcusors and assistant professors of the
university at an early date to organize
instruction in the recently established col
lege of commerce.
Professor Clarence L. Cory and a party
of twelve students in the senior class of
the college of mechanics at the State Uni
versity left Berkeley this morning for
Sacramento, Folsom and Newcastle,
where they will examine electrical ma
chinery. They will return to Berkeley
to-morrow evening.
Professor Walter E. Magee, head of the
department of physical culture at the
university, hopes at the beginning of the
next school year to introduce into the
Berkeley public schools a system of
physical culture to be taught without
expense by university students who are
taking the teachers' course in physical
culture.
It. D. Mead, an attorney of Honolulu,
and Miss Mabel Chamberlain of Berkeley
were united in marriage last Saturday
afternoon by Rev. George B. Hatch at
the residence of the bride's father, G. W.
Chamberlain, on Charming way. Mr. ajid
Mrs. Mead will sail to-morrow for Hono
lulu.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 10, 1898.
SPORTS AT ST.
MARY'S COLLEGE
Entries Close for the An
nual Field Day of the
Association.
The Freshmen Class Gives a
Patriotic Class Entertain
ment at the College.
A Great Day Expected When Greek
Meets Gre.ek on the
Sward.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 9.
The class of '01 of St. Mary's College
held its classday celebration to-night.
The programme consisted of music and
literature, and throughout there was a
strong patriotic sentiment. Those who
took part were: Joseph T. McCarty, John
F. Galvin, Frank E. Michels, A.bert A.
Henno, Louis P. McGettigan, Vincent O.
Gray, H. Keane, C. O'Gara, Joseph L.
Ascenslo, John L. May, Charles M. Ber
ger, John P. Callahan, William H. Witze
man, Thomas J. McNaboe, S. O. Dea,
Fred W. Corcoran.
The entries fur the collegiate field day
next Thursday have been closed. They
are as follows:
100-yard dash, college championship —O.
Welsh, O. Meyers. H. Huff, C. Ryan.
Pole vault (for distance), handicap — J. Fitz
grerald, scratch; X Regan, 1 foot; T. McNaboe,
V 4 foot; O. Welsh, scratch.
100-yard maiden race — V. D. Gray, G. McDon
ough, C. Adam?.
Shot-yut, handicap — J. Brady, scratch; C.
Berger, 2*4 feet; G. McDonough, scratch; J.
Jessen, scratch; G. Murray, 3 feet; M. Mul
queeney, 2 feet.
440-yard race, handicap— H. Hurt, scratch; V.
D. Day, scratch; P. Lonergan, 10 yards; C.
Adams.
Hammer throw, handicap — J. Jessen, scratch;
V. Gray, 6 feet; M. Mulqueeney, 6 feet; C.
Berger, S feet; W. Chapman, 10 feet; A. Por
ter, 5 feet.
120-yard hurdle race— V. D. Gray, J. Jessen.
High Jump— J. Fitzgerald, T. McNaboe, F.
Collins, J. Ji?ssen, G. Meyers.
220-yard dash, handicap— O. Welsh, scratch;
C. Ryan, 3 yards; G. Meyers, 2 yards; H.
Huff, 4 yards.
Pole vault (height), handicap— C. Pezzola,
scratch; G. Meyers, scratch; J. Quarrels, %
foot; T. McNaboe. hi. foot.
75-yard. Junior— F. Heldrlck, J. Kane, H.
Keane, P. Lonergan, J. Quarrels, V. Arril
laga, C. Adams, J. Muscio.
Ball throw, handicap — J. Fitzgerald, scratch :
G. Meyers, scratch; E. Mallon, 4 yards; S.
Young, 7 yards; C. Berger, 2 yards; W. Chap
man, 6 yards; T. Bigley, scratch.
HE FOUNDED THE ORPHEUM.
Gustav Walter, Father of Vaudeville in the West,
Suddenlu Passes Awau,
Gustav Walter, founder of the vaudeville business on the Pacific Coast
and principal owner of the Orpheum, died at the Waldeck Sanitarium at 4
o'clock yesterday morning, whither he had been removed from his home for
the purpose of being operated on for appendicitis. He had been ill but
four days, and death was farthest from his fears until the very last.
Mr. Walter was one of the best-known amusement managers in the
United States, having achieved success in everything he undertook. He
recentl- established branches in Kansas City, Sacramento, Los Angeles
and St. Louis, and made contracts for the building of a vaudeville house
in Omaha.
The following extracts from a biographical sketch of the dead man,
which appeared In an Orpheum souvenir a few years ago, will give a fair
Idea of the vast work accomplished by the sterling manager:
"In the little town of Osterode, which nestles among the historic Harta
Mountains, the Olympus of Germany, Gustav Walter first saw the light. He
was the youngest of seventeen children, and the revolutionary year of
1848 witnessed his birth. Walter's family was an old one in the little city,
and for generations the business of leather manufacturing had been hand
ed down from sire to son, but the young man finding the field limited went
to the seaport city of Bremen to become a merchant. He soon tired of the
dull routine of a merchant's life, however, and in 1865 decided to try his for
tunes in America. He found a congenial berth for sime time In New
York, with Fuchs & Heubner, flour and provision dealers of high standing;
but In 1874 the spirit of enterprise Induced him to come tn San Fran
cisco. Here he spent six years in the employ of William Ehrenpfort, the
carpet dealer, as head bookkeeper, but his busy brain kept turning over
schemes by which to amuse the public, his idea being to start a family
theater at popular prices, and about 1880 he opened a resort known as the
Fountain, in the Thurlow block, on Rearny street. Realizing the fact that
the San Francisco public were steady patrons of sterling attractions, his
next venture was in the Vienna Gardens. In turn he guided the fortunes
of the Wigwam for some time, with good success, but in 1886-87 his powers
of organization were concentrated toward establishing a place of amuse
ment second to none in the country, and San Francisco's great music hall,
the Orpheum, was the result. From this point on the history of Gustav
Walter and the house he established have been closely linked. The build
ing was commenced in November, 1886, and auspiciously opened June 30,
1887, being one of the greatest artistic events recorded in the annals or
the Western stage. On this date Kosner's Electric Orchestra, brought
from Buda Pesth, Hungary, at a cost of six thousand dollars, made its ap
pearanc»."
The Orpheum has been a grand success from the day it was opened, and
the genius of its founder has appeared at every step of its progress. Mor
ris Meyerfeldt. who has long been Intimately associated as a partner in the
Orpheum, will assume the general management.
Judge Troutt made an order last evening granting special letters of ad
ministration on Walter's estate to Morris Meyerfeldt. The letters were
granted at the request of Mrs. Josephine Walter, the widow, who sets
forth in the petition that the estate will exceed $10,000. Meyerfeldt's bonda
were fixed at $20,000.
The Orpheum will be closed until Wednesday night out of respect to
the memory of its founder.
Mile run, handicap— C. Pezzola, scratch: W.
Chapman, 6 yards; V. Gray, 5 yards; J. Quar
rels, 10 yards.
Broad jump— O. Welsh, scratch; D. Collins,
1 foot 6 inches; O. Meyers, 1 foot; P. Regan.
1 foot 6 inches.
Relay race.
Tug -of - war —F. M. Silva (captain), H.
Huff. J. Brady, J. Jessen. A. Porter, J.
Hoey, D. Collins, J. McCarthy; A. P. Flnan
(captain), G. McPonough, J. Mackey, E. But
ler, J. Balsz, O. Welsh, M. Mulqueeney, F.
Collins, G. Meyers.
The officers of the St. Mary's College
Association are: President, W. P. Sul
livan; vice-president, H. D. Frelermuth;
secretary, A. P. Finan; treasurer, L. F.
Tormey; field marshal, O. A. V elsh.
The field day officials are:
Referee, W. P. Sullivan; starter. ; an
nouncer. A. F. Stoddard; marshal, O. A.
Welsh; clerk of the course, H. D. Friermuth;
assistant clerk of course, F. M. Silva; scorer,
A. C. Finan; Judgres at finish— L. F. Tormey,
T. G. Magulre, F. E. Michel. J. V. Calhoun;
field Judges— J. A. Young, B. Huff, E. T. Mal
lon; timers— J. J. O"Dea, J. G. Brady, J. J.
Mackey; inspectors— G. J. Hart, C. Adams, Ij.
McGettigan, V. Arrlliaga. A. Attridge.
EPISCOPAL CONVENTION.
Will Open This Morning at Trinity
Church— Bishop Nichols Will
Preside.
The forty-eighth annual convention of
the Protestant Episcopal Church In the
diocese of California will assemble at
Trinity Church, this city, corner of Bush
and Gough streets, to-day, at 11 a. m.
The convention will last for four days
and will bring together all the clergy
and the leading laity from all over the
diocese. The Bishop will preside, and the
business of the convention will be devoted
to the welfare and progress of the church
in California.
The opening service this morning
will be a notable occasion. Bishop
Nichols will celebrate pontifical holy
communion, assisted by the deans
and other officials, and the sermon will be
delivered by Rev. W.H. Moreland, rector of
St. Luke's Church and dc-an of the con
vocation of Ban Francisco. The full
choir of Trinity will render, special music.
The business sessions of the convention
will occupy the niurnings and afternoons
of three days.
To-night a joint gathering of the
Erothfrhood of St. Andrew and the
Daughters of the King will be held at
Trinity Church and will be addressed by
leaders of the clergy and laity. On Wed
nesday night Bishop and Mrs. Nichols
will give a reception at the Occidental,
and on Thursday night the clergy will
dine together. Friday is Woman's Aux
iliary day. and the women will gather at
the Church Missions Home, Second street,
near Folsom. Bishop Nichols will speak,
also Bishop Graves, who is in charg-e of
the Jurisdiction of Northern California
during the illness of Bishop Wingfield.
Lost His Left Arm.
James Coleman, a boy about 8 years of
age, attempted 'to jump on an outgoing
freight train at Eleventh and Channel
streets yesterday afternoon, when he
slipped and fell, his left arm being- fright
fully mangled by the wheels. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
Dr. Bunnell amputated the arm above the
elbow. The boy lives at 19% Stevenson
avenue.
Japanese Consul.
Collector Jackson was notified yester
day by the Secretary of the Treasury
that Mutso Hlrokichi had been recognized
by the department as Consul at this port
for Japan.
CHARGES OF
MISCONDUCT
The Matron of the City
Prison Before the
Supervisors.
She Is Said to Have Been Neg
ligent of Her Duties at Dif
ferent Times.
Bids for Lighting Public Buildings
Lower Than Ever Before lor
Both Gas and Electricity.
The official conduct of Mrs. Walsh,
matron of the City Prison, i 3 to be in
vestigated. The basis of the charges
made against her at the meeting of the
Supervisors yesterday was published in
The Call of Sunday to the efTect that she
grossly and habitually neglected her
duties.
Supervisor Clinton, after calling- atten
tion to the article published, moved that
the matter be referred for investigation,
to the Hospital Committee.
Supervisor Devany showed his patriot
ism, or rather his animosity toward Spain,
by introducing a resolution providing that
the name of Balboa boulevard be changed
to Dewey. Mayor Phelan made a few re
marks in defense of the discoverer of the
Pacific Ocean, saying it would be display
ing great narrow-mindedness to attempt
to take away from the honor due the
great Spaniard who first brought to the
notice of civilization the broad waters of
the Pacific. He declared that the Span
lards of old should not be made to suffer
f<>r the misrule of the modern nation. On
motion of Supervisor Clinton the resolu
tion went over until next Monday.
Bids for lighting pumic buildings were
opened. The bids for gas were $1 50 per
1000 feet and were made by the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company and the
Pacific Gaa Improvement Company. These
bids are 10 cents per 1000 feet less than paid
last year. The San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Company was the only bidder for
supply electric lights. Its bid was 10
cents per 1000 watts for all buildings except
the outside police stations. For the latter
15 cents per 1000 was bid. The old rate, is
11 cents for all buildings. All bids were
referred to the Light Committee.
Police Judge Conlan was granted a leave
of absence from the State for sixty days.
The contract for furnishing subsistence
to prisoners was awarded to the Pacific
Marine Supply Company on their bid if
18.8 cents for each prisoner.
STBEET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work of the
Board.
The following is a complete record of
the street improvements that passed the
Board of Supervisors at yesterday's ses
sion:
AWARDS OP CONTRACTS.
Easterly half of Bryant, Sixteenth to Seven
teenth— Sldewalklng and paving, to City Street
Improvement Company.
AWARD OP CONTRACT REPEALED.
Twenty-third, Guerrero to Dolores— Union
Paving and Contracting Company for paving.
RECOMMENDED PASSED TO RESOLUTION
ORDERING.
Flllmore. Post to Sutter— Sidewalks.
Perry, Third to easterly termination—Pav
ing.
RESOLUTION ORDERING STREET WORK.
Eighteenth, Ashbury to easterly line of
Uranus— Paving, curbing, grading, etc.
Pierce, Oak to Page— Same.
Sixteenth, Castro to 225 feet westerly of
same — Pipe sewer, etc.
Truett, weßterly line of Mason to westerly
termination of former— Paving.
Waller, Pierce to Scott— Paving, curbing, etc.
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION.
De Long avenue, Frederick to southerly ter
mination of former— Paving with basalt
blocks for a distance cf five feet each side of
center line, the remaining portion with
bitumen.
Chestnut, Jones to Leavenworth. including
crossing— Curbing and paving.
De Haro, Twenty-third to a center line of
j former, 466 feet north of Twenty-third,
i Westerly line of Fair Oaks, 260 feet south of
Twenty-fifth— Curbs and sidewalks.
Fourteenth and Guerrero— Sidewalks.
Guerrero and Twenty-second — Same.
Alvarado and Guerrero — Same.
RECOMMENDED BT SUPERINTENDENT
OF STREETS.
Mission and Twenty-second — Sidewalks.
Ashbury, Seventeenth to Clayton— Grading,
eidewalking, curbing, etc.
Fulton, from northerly line of same westerl>
100 feet from Polk, thence along northerly line
of former to a distance of 50 feet.
Aehbury. Eighteenth to 192 feet north from
same — Pipe sewer.
ABhbury to southerly line of Seventeenth —
Same.
Same, Seventeenth to Eighteenth— Grading,
Bldewalklng. paving, etc.
Anhbury and Kighteenth— Same.
RESOLUTION OF FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Bryant, Mariposa to Eighteenth— Bitumen,
Sixteenth, Market to Sanchez— Same.
San Jose avenue. Twenty-eighth to Twenty
ninth—Same.
ORDER CHANGING AND ESTABLISHING
GRADES.
Dearborn place and on Bird avenue.
PRIVATE CONTRACTS.
Hermann, Valencia to Market— To property
owners for paving.
Seventh, Berry to Channel, including cross-
Ing — Property-owners for paving, curbing, sew
ering, etc.
Kent, Mason westerly— Same to pave.
Mariposa and Tennessee — Property-owners to
sewer.
Same, Minnesota to Indiana — Same.
Tennessee and Kentucky— Same.
Same and Minnesota — Same.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME GRANTED.
Sixth avenue south, X to L streets south —
To M. C. Hogan, 60 days on grading.
Fifteenth avenue south. Railroad avenue to
N street— Same.
a
An insurance and collection agent In Otsego County,
New York, constantly recommends Ripans Tabules to every-
body whom he suspects of suffering from dyspepsia, and takes
pleasure in relating his own expei*fence, as follows : " I have
been a sufferer from dyspepsia for a dozen years or more, and
have tried all kinds of medicines that were said to be gt>od (or a
positive cure), but none of them afforded much relief. I have
always been blessed with a keen appetite and have, perhaps, in-
dulged too heartily at times and suffered accordingly. Last
winter while traveling through an adjoining county I first
learned of Ripans Tabules, and was induced by a friend to try
them. They have done me a great deal of good, and I think
that I have fair promise of a permanent cure. If I would be
regular about my meals now, I am sure I should be well."
Sixth avenue south to L street south, Includ
ing crossing— Same. ■ .. ' •:■.■';
Fourteenth avenue south to N street south-
To same for construction of storm water . In
lets. ■ ■-.„. , . .
Twelfth avenue south to P street south—
Same. ■ -.-•■' . -
_ Seventeenth, Ashbury to Stanyan— To Fred
Werner, 90 days on contract to grade.
Oak, Baker to Stanyan— City Street Im
provement Company, 30 days on paving.
Laguna, Greenwich to Lombard— same, 60
days on same.
EXTENSIONS OF " TIME RECOMMENDED.
Oak, Baker to Stanyan— City Street Im
provement Company, 30 days on paving.
-_ Laguna, Greenwich to Lombard— same, 60
days on same. .
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Mission. Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
Julia M. Felee, to lay sidewalks.
Ninth avenue and J— Property-owners to
grade.'-
Potrero Nuevo block Regents of the State
University, for improvement of streets, r-
I street south. Fifteenth to Sixteenth ave
nues — McDonough, to grade and repair.
729 Folsom street— Bernstein, to repair
sidewalk. :.. ■ .
Third avenue, Clement to California street
south— Property-owners to pava.
Nineteenth avenue, M to Property-own
ers to change grade.
Washington, Locust to Spruce— Pacific " Pav
ing Company, to pave.
Nineteenth, M to Q— Property-owners, for
grading.
Army, Mission to Property-owners,
to construct sidewalks.
Nineteenth avenue, California to — Jose
phine Goellert, for cost of paving.
Potrero avenue— Preclta Valley Improvement
Club, to compel Market-street Railway Com
pany to repair same.
Thirteenth avenue, H to Property-owners,
for grading and sewering.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Army, Mission to Alabama— Property owners
against sidewalks.
Chestnut, Fillmore to Broderick—
owners against paving.
Putnam, Cortland to Jefferson avenue —
Same against grading. ■..,.,
Chestnut, Van Ness to westerly line of La
guna—Same against paving.
Devisadero, Chestnut to Francisco— Same.
Washington, Fillmore to Steiner— Same.
Pierce, Lombard to Chestnut— John N. Kea
ney, against paving.
Broderick. Lombard to Chestnut— Helen F.
Solomon, against fame. t
Chestnut, Broderick to Baker— Same.
.Stelner. Lombard to Chestnut — Mrs. E.
Lyons, against same.
Webster. Greenwich to Lombard— Property
owners against same.
Twenty-first, Eureka to Diamond—
owners against sewer.
Chestnut, Broderick to Baker— Hennlng,
against paving.
Vallejo and Stelner— Esjate of M. Rosen
baum, agalst same.
REPORT OF STREET COMMITTEE ON
MATTERS SUBMITTED AT PREVIOUS
SESSION.
Bryant, Sixteenth to Seventeenth —In fa
vor of paving. .
Leavenworth. Green to Union— Same.
Sixth avenue south, X to L south. including
crossing — In favor of extension of time on con
tract to grade, etc.
Fifteenth avenue south. Railroad avenue to
N street — Same.
Fourteenth avenue south and N street south —
In favor of storm inlets, etc.
• Twelfth avenue south and P street— Same.
Seventeenth, Ashbury to Stanyan— ln favor
of extension of time on contract to grade. '
Hermann and Webster— ln favor of sidewalk.
Dearborn place and Bird avenue — favor of
establishing grades.
Seventh, Berry to Channel— ln favor of, prop
erty owners paving, . curbing, sewering, etc.
Clipper, Sanchez to Noe— Property owners
may construct sidewalks.
Broderick, Lombard to Chestnut— Against
paving.
Pierre. Lombard to Chestnut— Same.
Devisadero, Greenwich to Lombard
Lombard to Chestnut— Same.
Devisadero, Greenwich to Lombard —
Kent, Mason westerly ln favor of paving.
Mariposa and Minnesota— ln favor of pip©
sewer. .
Same and Tennessee — Same. ;
Same, : Minnesota and Indiana — Same.
Tennessee and Kentucky— Same-
Same and Minnesota— Same.
Hermann, Valencia to Market— ln favor of
paving.
- Hayes and Scott— ln favor of sidewalks.
Hayes, Scott to Devisadero— Same.
Scott. Hayes to Fell— Same.
Same. Scott to Stelner—
Scott, Hayes to Fulton— Same.
Other petitions and protests reported on ad
vesely or or filed. '■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
9 Out of the 10 riders who
won the great 100 mile
Relay Race rode
CLEVELAND
BICYCLES.
W. G. FX'RMAX. the winner, who crossed
the tape first, rode a
CLEVELAND.
F. G. . PECK, , who made the fastest time of
the day for 10 miles, rode a
CLEVELAND.
Experienced Wheelmen who want the : best
Bicycle for Road Riding or Racing select the
CLEVELAND.
■98 MODELS SELL FOR
$50, $65 and $75.
A liberal allowance made for old Wheels in
exchange. -. . ■
LEAVITT~& BILL,
RETAIL AGENTS,
303 LARKIN ST., S. F.
20 San Pablo Aye., Oakland.
WHOLESALE:
H. A.. LpZIER & CO,,
304-306 McAllister St.
A SHINING MARK.
The Tribute That Humbug Pays to
Honesty and Merit.
A clever counterfeiter does not sit up
nights to imitate the bonds of a bank
rupt corporation. Knavery, like death,
loves a shining mark. It nays to merit
and prosperity the complimentof copy
ing them, so far as externals are con
cerned, in the hope of deluding the
public.
In the world of commerce articles of
proven worth are most frequently
counterfeited. Duffy's Pure Malt
Whiskey, for example, is a medicinal
stimulant of l.i<^h reputation. Phy
sicians commend it, and the prudent
housewife keeps it in her chest of fam
ily remedies. Mere advertising could
never have raised this whiskey to the
place it occupies. Its own qualities
put it there.
That it should be imitated is no
more than one would expect. Readers
of this newspaper are strenuously
urged, for their own sake, to make
sure that they get the genuine article,
made by the Duffy Malt Whiskey Co.,
of Rochester, X. V., and by nobody
else. All sorts of lying representations
are devised to induce people to buy
substitutes. You may be told of some
dreadful concoction, made of heaven
only knows what, that it is in every
way as good as Duffy's Pure Malt. The
tradesman who says such a thing
does not deserve your natronage. Re
fuse all substitutes for Duffy's.
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
025 HEARST ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
1 iist-s. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Klein Diseases. The doctor cures when
oihersfall. Try him. Charges low
C'«iroA|riiaraiito«*:l. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. F. m«SIT; SO N. Box 1957. 5 an Frariclet'O.
OCT. TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
lw>_^ wharf, San Francisco.
nEntak Fur Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
liP^3m&i May 1. 6. 11. 16, 21 - 26 - 31 ' Jun»
IgMK^W 6, transfer at Seattle.
H&SS S4 For Alaskan ports (from
19 ii£«*3S9H Folsom-street wharf). 10 a. m..
' r^BS9H» May 18. June 5. 26. July 17.
7^»^^B August 4, 25, transfer at Port-
land. Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town«-
end, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m.. May 1. 6,
11 16 21 26, 31. June 5. and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver with
c jp Ry
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m..
May 2. 8. 14. 20, 26, June I. and every «Uth
111 ¥a e nta cr Cru a . Monterey. San Slrneoß.
Cayueos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota." Santa Barbara, Ventura. Huoneme
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. May 1. 5. 9, IS, 17. 21, 26, 29.
June 2, and every fourth day thereafter. _
. For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los _ Angeles). 11
aTm May 3, 7, 11. 15, 19, 23. 27, 31, June 4.
and every fourth day thereafter. ■ t
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Matatlan. Altata, La Paa, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. May 12,
June 10. and 2d of each month thereafter.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing. New Montgomery
TICKET OFFIOK— 4 New Montgomery
et G^^rpg|fe & CO.. Gen. A**.
- 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
' From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Bert*
I AilL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Oregon ..;.... May 6, 15, 24
Columbia May 9. 18, 27
State of California May 12.. 21. 30
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to c c ward> General Ajfent>
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
fßN'BtaAlf The S. S. MARIPOSA
luDnlEsalls via Honolulu and
■«■■■« Auckland for Sydney
y™^_^ Wednesday. May 18. at
QW^mchln kJ 2 B. ™! ZEALANDIA.
Q)l«]liljlllU ( * / for HONOLULU only.
• /RfTlFffinLl* Wednesday. June 1, 7
(OIIIJCJQICyp. m . special party
rates. ■ ~ _
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPS
TOWN South Africa.
J D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agent,.
J 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Of flee— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
•NEW YORK, QUEENSTOWN, SOUTHAMP-
TON.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. ANTWERP.
Steamers sail under Belgian or British Flags
Noordland ":::::May y 11 South wark May 25
FHesland . ...May IS 'Chester May 28
p7i£aDELPHIA. QUEENSTOWN. LIVER-
POOL. ,
Bel^K^.^U^nlf n . F !'W H
EMPIRE LINE.
TO ALASKA ANDJTHE GOLDFIELDS.
s)M , mm formerly employed In trans-Atlantlo
se?v!c"£s ™ International Navigation Com-
pany and specially refitted for this service
S S Ohio. 3500 tons, from Seattle. June 15.
8 B Indiana, 3500 to»s. from Seattle. June 21.
8. S. Pennsylvania. 3500 tons, from Seattle.
Connecting with the company's ovrniltMt £«
18 new and modern steamers and barges on thy
Yukon River, through to Dawson City and
intermediate points. .'. to
For passage and freight apply to • # _
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of Its Agencies.
, .. — _ , ; — ■
Compagnie Generals Transatiantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North
River foot of Morton st. Travelers <^jrr^jr>
by this line avoid both transit by u™r«»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. ■ New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first-class, $180;
second-class, ■ $116. " ■ ■-"'■■
LA TOURAINE. -May 14, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE May 21. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE ..May 28. 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE.... June 4,10 a.m.
LA, T0URA1NE....... .....June 11. 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to ' _.__.„
COMPAONIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE ' A *T\ Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
ay«., San Francisco^ ' .
DIRECT TO PARIS, LONDON. ! HAMBURG.
i? -Rfsmarck June 2 F. Bismarck.".;. June $0
A VicToria June 16 F. Bismarck.... July 23
TWIN-SCREW PASSENOER SERVICE,
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
Pnintia '•' ..May 21 > Patria June "4"
Pretoria.!".... -May Phoenicia June 11
Hamburg- American Line, 37 Broadway. N. V. '
HERZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast.
401 California st.. cor. Sansome, San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "MontlceUo" •
Mon Tues.. Wed.. . Thurs. and 5at........
, »:4S a. in., , »:15 P. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thar*.}
Fridays .....1 p. m. and 8:S0 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
• Landing and Offices— Dock. PUr X
, • . . Telejhona. Red ait
FOR SAN JOSE. LOS 6ATOS and SANTA CRUZ
Steamer Alvlso I leaves Pier 1 dally I (Sunday*
excepted) >at 10 •a. m. ; Alvlso dally (Saturday*
excepted) at 6 p. m. •■» Freight * and passenger*.
Fare between San i Francisco and Alvlso, S0o ;
to San Jose, 75c. ■ Clay street. Pier 1. iX North
First street. Baa Jose. ; -- e .i;?
910
HUNTINGTON
AGAIN ON
THE RACK
Called Before Commis
sioner Heacock as
a Witness.
Troubled With a Faulty
Memory on Pertinent
Matters.
Lays Claim to Good-Natured
Acts and Hopes for
Reward.
A GOOD TRADE IN STOCKS.
Light on the Manner in W'hloVi tho
Southern Pacific Company
Is Operated.
C. P. Huntinßton appeared before I
United States Commissioner Heacock yes
terday as a witness in the suit brought ',
by the Southern Pacific Company apatnst
the State Board of Railroad Commission- ;
ers to enjoin them from putting Into ef- i
feet the order reducing the tariff on the ;
company's lines in this State. Attorneys ;
Garber and Foulks appeared for the rail- ,
road company and Attorney-General ;
Fltzperald and Attorneys Foote and ;
Hayne represented the State.
The examination of Huntington, which j
was conducted by the Attorney-General j
•was directed along the same lines as were ;
pursued by the Railroad Commissioners |
last week. Ac before. Huntingdon showed '<
himself to be an adept at dodging ques- i
tlons touching on matters connected with ;
the cost of the roads under hisconrtol.and j
as a result the examination was product- |
lye of very little information on this sub
ject.
About the organization and objects of
the Southern Pacific Company of Ken
tucky tne case was different. In spite of \
numerous evasions and lapses of memory !
the witness was forced to admit that this
company, with its present capital stock
Of $150 000.000, haw no property or assets
at the time of its organization except a :
cum somewhat less than $10,000, necessary
for the expenses connected with the pro
curement of its charter.
The company is now the owner of all or
the property of the Southern Pacific sys
tem of railroads, it having acquired this j
property by the exchange of its stock,
which was worthless, for the stock of the ;
various roads of the system on the basis '
of six shares of company stock for ten
shares of railroad stock. This was a
stroke of financiering worthy, the witness
thought, of the lasting gratitude of the
people of California. j
"What was the amount of the original
Stock issue of the Southern Pacific Com-
Buy of Kentucky," asked the Attorney-
General.
"I cannot remember the exact amount.
It was very small— just sufficient to cover
the expenses of procuring a charter." j
"Will your books show the amount of j
the original stock issue and what was ;
done with the money?"
"I am not sure that they would. I am
not much of a bookkeeper. I suppose the
expenditure of the money would be
charged to the general expense account In
a lump sum." I
The Attorney-General then attempted j
to get some information from the witness ;
regarding the original cost of the Oregon
and California Railroad. Huntington was j
willing to tell all he knew, but it tran
spired that all that he could remember
was that the road was bunt through a ;
very rough country and that the work i
was undertaken that the good people of !
this State might be benefited.
"What I want to got at is the cost to
your company of this road," persisted i
Fitzgerald.
"I don't think I can give you a satlsfac- j
tory reply to that question." blandly re- j
plied the witness. "We have done so j
many things for the benefit of California
that it is hard to remember them all. We
have not helped ourselves much as yet, ;
but we hope to in time."
"Then you cannot tell us what this road
cost you?'
"No, I don't believe that I can. As I
said before I am very much pleased with i
what we have done in California. We
have done so many good-natured things
here — I hope we will reap some reward
some day."
The Attorney General again recurred
to the cost of securing a franchise for ]
the Southern Pacific Company. Huntington |
could not remember the items but thought !
that the greater part of the money must :
have been paid out for legal expenses, j
He confessed to an utter lack of knowl- j
edge regarding legal services, but paid ne j
knew a few things about other things, i
""When we first began to build rail- !
roads," he explained. "1 said to Crocker, i
'You look out for the legal part of the ,
business and I will attend to the moral.' "
Fitzgerald again attacked the list of
California railroads in an effort to elicit
from the witness some facts as to their
cost. Huntington could not remember.
"I will do all that I can to assist you
in finding out," he said, "but I must con
fess that I do not see how it is to be
done. I would like to have the information
myself. Now in Virginia where I have
built railroads they never ring the bell
to know what I am doing. They are con
tent to believe that I am doing all that
I can under the circumstances. I hope
to Inspire the people of this State with
the same feeling in the course of time."
Huntington also stated that about twen
ty of the thirty-five roads that go to
make up the so-called Pacific system had
been acquired at a very small cost be
cause they had become bankrupt under
the management of their original owners.
Notwithstanding this he said he thought
his company should be given credit for
the entire original cost of the roads be
sides what had been spent on them since
they had been acquired by -the Southern
Pacific Company. The Attorney General
then called the attention of the witness
to the fact that the stock of the South
ern Pacicfic Company of California and
the Southern Pacific Comnany of Arizona
had been traded to the Southern Pacific
Company of Kentucky on the basis of six
shares of the comnany stock for ten
shares of the railroad stock, in spite of
the. fact that the California lines paid
large net profits while the Arizona lines
were operated at a loss.
"Do you consider," he was asked, "that
the stock of the Southern Pacific Com
pany of Arizona is of the same value as
the stock of the Southern Pacific Com
pany of California?"
"Well, I should hardly think so."
"Then why did you make the trade on
the same basis?'"
"That is a hard question to answer so
that you would fully understand me.
There are so many things that enter into
the subject that I hardly know how to
make myself understood. Future pros
pects and all that must be taken into
consideration, but I really do not think
that I could explain so that you would
understand."
An adjournment was taken until this
morning, the Attorney General remark
ing that the work of the day had been
merely preliminary.
Stenographer Olsen on Trial.
The trial of J. B. Olson, a stenographer,
formerly employed in Judge Low's court,
who is accused of having sworn falsely
to demands drawn on the city treasury,
was postponed in Judge Cook's court yes
terday owing to the sickness of one of the
jurors.
Bohen in Harness Again.
Captain Bohen made his appearance at
polio© headquarters yesterday morning
for duty for the first time since his se
vere illneae. He is 22 pounds lighter than
he has been for many years. He was the
recipient of many congratulations on hlfl
READY FOR THE
YUKON OPENING
Ocean Liners and River
Boats Preparing for
the Rush.
A Big Fleet Will Leave Hero and
the Sound for Dawson
Next Month.
Ttio Schooner Bungor From Sal»
verry Had a Narrow Escape
While Making Port.
The rush to the gold fields via Dyea and ,
Skaguay is about over and the stampede ;
I via St. Michael and the Yukon is about
| to begin.
Nearly two-thirds of the vessels en- j
gaged in the Dyea traffic have either
been hauled off and put into other service
or else have been laid up for the time j
being. A few more weeks will see the i
j opening of the Yukon, and then the rush
via that route will be all the greater be
cause of the temporary stoppage of j
travel by the other way. Preparations
! to handle the passengers and freight have
been very extensive, and unless the rush ;
is up to expectations some one will be j
sure to have his fingers burned before j
the season Is over. The number of river ;
i boats constructed and ready to be sent i
i to the Yukon will surprise anybody who i
: will give the matter a moment's thought.
! though.
Max Kalish, agent of the steamer Hum
■ boldt, who returned from Seattle yester- '
I day, says there is a line of stern-wheelers :
i a mile long on Puget Sound awaiting the i
' lirst opportunity to descend upon St.
Michael. At least twenty of the same
, class of vessels have been built or are
being completed at Dutch Harteor, and
' probably two dozen or more will go up
! irom here. Of course many of these ves
1 sels will carry private expeditions, but ,
i even taking that fact into consideration
i there will certainly be river boats enough
! and to spare to handle the biggest kind •
' of a rush to the Klondike, this season.
The steamer Connemaugh arrived from
New York yesterday with a general
i cargo, and as soon as that is discharged
1 she will be turned into a Klondike pas
j senger steamer. The Ohio and the L,ee
lanaw are already in port and partially :
1 discharged, while the Illinois is expected
here in a few days. All these vessels are
to be added to the Klondike fleet, and
coupled with the steamers St. Paul, Sen
ator, Samoa, Chas. Nelson, Dlrlgo and
j Morgan City, will make a big increase to
I the list of vessels that went north last |
year.
Sailing vessels are being pressed Into
service to carry supplies to vessels built
' at Dutch Harbor and also to those that
wintered at the mouth of the Yukon. The
longshoremen on the schooner Joseph
1 Russ have been working night and day
in order to get her discharged and loaded
for St. Michael, while the J. M. Coleman
i is also being got ready, and the Etnel
■ Zane is being anxiously looked for In
order to put her on the berth. The Bangor
' was to have been loaded here, but as coal
: and lumber are wanted at St. Michael at
' once, she has been sent to Seattle to get
her cargo, in order to expedite matters.
The bark Rufcs E. Wood is also on the
i berth for St. Michael. Inside of a month ,
'. there will be more craft of every descrip- ;
\ tlon heading for the Yukon t..an ever be- ;
■ fore in the river's history-
The steamer Excelsior was chartered
yesterday from the Pacific Steam Whal
ing Company by the Alaska-Yukon
i Transportation Company. She will run i
i to St. Michael In conjunction with the |
i National City and Albion, and will con
nect at that point for Dawson City with
' the company's four new river steamers.
The steamer Humboldt, now running
i between this port and Dyea and Skaguay,
! will make one more trip from Seattle to
j Skagiiay and will then come here and go
! on the St. Michael route.
The schooner Bangor had a narrow ;
escape while making port a few days ago. |
j She came from Salaverry, and her crew ;
I did not know that the whistling buoy had '
! been replaced by the lightship and that (
i Duxberry reef Is now marked by the '
i former. She made the offlng in a thick '
j fog, and her master, taking bearings
' from the whistling buoy, laid a course tor
! the Golden Gate. The captains on one of
the pilot-boats, who happened to be in
the vicinity, hailed the vessel and asked
her crew where they were going. The ■
' changes in the buoys were then explained
'■ to Captain Asp, the schooner's command- ;
' er and he at once changed his course.
I Had he held on to the one he was steer-
I ing the Bangor would have been run high
and dry on the rocks.
An Italian named John Risso owes his
life to the promptitude of Henry Peterson. !
' Early yesterday morning he wandered .
: down to the Folsom-street wharf and
tumbled overboard. Peterson heard his
1 cries for help and went to the rescue, j
After getting the half-drowned man on j
the float Peterson called up the Harbor i
I Receiving Hospital and sent Risso there ;
I in the ambulance.
The bark R. P. Rithet arrived from
; Honolulu yesterday with v cargo of sugar
1 and several passengers. Among them
| were Mrs. J. L. Travis, wife of a Hodo
i lulu newspaper man; Miss Helen Wilder :
! and Miss Mary Jo*hnson, a nurse. Miss
! Wilder has been on the sick list, and i
i made the voyage for her health. She will
remain in San Francisco for a few weeks,
'< and then may go to China for a visit.
Probably Richard Murphy.
An unknown man was found lying dead
yesterday afternoon in a lumber-yard on
the corner of Seventh and Hooper streets.
He was evidently a laborer and about 45
years old. On his person were found a
rosary a bottle of liniment and a permit
for Richard Murphy to visit the Presidio
to look for work as a laborer.
MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery «*-&-«
No. 16, K. T., 625 Sutter St.— Of fleers Iffjl
and members are hereby ordered to as- lUj
semble at the asylum THIS EVEN-
ING, at 7:15 o'clock, for the purpose of as-
sisting in the ceremonies at the fair in aid
of the Widows' and Orphans' Home. ■
JONATHAN M. PEEL,
Eminent Commander.
WILLIAM T. FONDA. Recorder. '
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and m
A. M.— Special meeting THIS DAY _J^_
(TUESDAY), May 10, at 1:30 p. m., TC3C
for. the purpose of conducting the fu-/^r *
neral lof our deceased brother, FRANK E.
EATON, late a member of Monterey Lodge
No. 217, Monterey, Cal. Funeral committees
please take notice.
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
GERMANIA Lodge No. 116. I. O. s^*^£>
O. F.— The funeral committee, -^SSjgSs-i
the officers and members of the : =S!s3fe 5; -
above lodge are requested to at- ' '/mi\n
tend the funeral of our . late brother, C.
BRUNS, TO-DAY, at 1:30 p. k m., at Odd Fel-
lows' Hall, corner Seventh and Market sts.
L. M. FABRY, N. G.
EMIL NIEMEIER. Secretary.
SERVIAN-MONTENEGRIN L. and -a^
B. Society— Officers and members T&Jtj*
are hereby notified to attend the fu- Jnjffi
neral of our late brother, JEVTO jfiOEaaa
ODALOVICH, TO-DAY Tt"KS-fM«HB
DAY). May 10. 1898, at 2 p. m., vifSri£'i
from the hall, 10 California st. Fine flMjßgs
lor non-attendance will be strictly WSjSjr «
enforced. By order of ' ■ . - ; ,.'• 77., .':■:
JOHN GLAVINOVICH. President.
BPIRO VUCOSAVLIEVICH, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The , regular annual I meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at 327 Market
St., San Francisco, Cal.,' on MONDAY, the
23d day of May, 1898, at the hour of 3 p. m.,
for the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as - may
come before the meeting. ■ Tranfer books will
close- on Friday. May 13. IS9B, at 2 p. m. ,
CHAS. A. GIBSON. , Secretary. ;
Office — Market St., San '; Francisco. ; Cal.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual ■ meet-
Ing of stockholders of the Hutchinson : Sugar
• Plantation Company will be held at the office
of the company, 327 Market St., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the 10th day of
May. 1898. : at the • hour of 11. a. ■ m., for > the
purpose of electing a Board of ■ Directors )to
. serve for the ensuing year,-, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may, come be-
fore the meeting. Tn*isfer books will close
on FRIDAY. April 29. at 8 o'clock p. m.
■■ ■■..■■■■■■■-•■-■ E. H. ■ SHELDON. Secretary-
SPECIAL. , NOTICES^
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections I made:
city or country. PACIFIC COUjECTIQN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TTTESPAT, MAY 10, 1898.
SPECIAL NOTlCES— Continued. r
BOSTON. April 23-To M-?™***!^ the
United States. greetings-Dear Brethren. The
Hon. William McKinley, Pr« ildent of the
United States, to whom I have g™%£j*
tendered my sen-ices, has called for volun
teers to defend our country against ; a foreign
foe. Therefore the State grand masters will
notify all lodges within their Jurisdiction for
the r memberV to tender themselves as citi-
zens at once to local military or volunteer
companies, under the supervision of their
several State military authorities, cve v*
membering our watchword. "No surrendei.
Yours in faith, hope and charity. _
JAMES RAY, Supreme Grand Master.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MRS STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120% Geary St., room 11.
ANNA RAY PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Room 1. 147 Powell st. ;
MRS. E. BALDWIN. magnetic healer. 1505
Market St., cor. Eighth, room 98. second floor.
MISS SHELDON, steam baths and genuine
massage. 865% Market St.. rooms 9 and 11. j
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15% Turk and 1118 Market, rma. 10-l«-
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
Post st., room 10, second floor front. -
ALICE FAY. magnetic healer and vapor baths. :
110 A Grant aye.. room 17. ' ' ■ |
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans; j
baths and massage. 1118 Market St.. rm. 8.
MISS R. CLEVELAND from the East-Baths.
massage; assistants. 29 Grant aye.. room 5.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS refined German infant's nurse
desires situation; 3 years last place; city or
country; good seamstress. MISS CUI^LbA, |
325 Sutter st. ____•
FIRST-CLASS French cook desires situation;
best reference. MISS CULLEN, 325 Batter.
COMPETENT Swedish woman with a girl 6
years desires situation; $10; reference; city ,
or country; E°od cook. MISS CULLDN. 325
Sutter st. -
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse; $10 to $1». MlbS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St. ■ -
FIRST-CLASS German waitress and seam-
stress desires situation; city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman; good cook ,
and houseworker: city or country; $10 to $_:.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter 6t - — — i
YOUNG Swedish housegirl. strong and willing, j
$15 to $20. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
SWEDISH first-class laundress wishes situa- j
tion. Apply MRS. NORTON, Swedish and
German Employment Bureau. 323 Sutter st. !
IT GERMAN cook, best of references, desires
a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter »t. ______
STRONG young woman wishes work by day or
week; take care of children or Infant and
make herself useful; good references. Call or
address M. D.. 616 Folsom Ft., near Second.
3 SCANDINAVIAN girls wish situations, 1 for i
housework and 2 for laundry. 414 Folsom st.
WOMAN wishes position to do general house-
work: Is a good English cook; come at low
wages; city references. 812 Clementina St.,
near Fourth. . j
YOUNG German lady wishes situation; light
housework and take care of child; Is very ;
handy with the needle; also good saleslady.
Box 2209, Call office. !
EASTERN young lady of refinement wishes :
position as companion or private secretary; ;
would travel. J. E. MORRIS, Golden Gate j
Alameda County, CaU _J
WOMAN wishes a position at general house-
work. Call at 177 Perry st.
LAUNDRESS wishes a position; city or coun- i
try^
GERMAN woman wishes situation to do house- |
work in small family: wages small. 1522 Pa-
cific aye., bet. Polk and Larkin sts.
LADY of neat appearance, used to tending
store would like situation in store or office;
also 'good experienced hand in dressmaking •
parlors. 120 Turk st. i
WOMAN wishes to do general housework; $12
month: city or country. 264% Tehama st.
SITUATION wanted as housekeeper jby lady |
with small child; city preferred. Address
2019 Hyde st. , ,
POSITION by experienced, trustworthy person
to attend store in bakery and help; city or
country. Call or address 20A Sheridan st.,
bet. ■ Harrison and Folsom and 9th and 10th. j
COMPETENT young woman wishes situation; |
'first-class cook and laundress; city or coun-
try; short time from East: moderate wages; '
(rood references. 2424 Bryant aye.
SITUATION by a competent, trustworthy young
woman: is a good cook and kind to children;
or would assist with any kind of work; by i
the day. Address box 2203, Call office.
COMPETENT Swedish girls wants situation for
housework; Is a good cook; best of references.
611 Mason St., near Post.
WANTED— Position to do general housework.
Box 2204, Call office.
AN elderly woman wants to do housework; Is
a good washer and ironer; good cook; wages j
$10 to $15; good reference. 362 Jessie st.
CARE of invalid or children; will assist with
second work; wages $18. Address L. H. ( 615
Larkin st. ■
COMPETENT, reliable woman wishes to do
washing. ironing, cooking or housecleaning
by day; best references. MRS. M. CURTIS,
3367 Twenty-sixth St., near Mission.
WANTED— By respectable German woman, to
do light housework, or take care of sick per-
son; $2 50 a week or $B. per month. Address
box 2251. Call office.
RELIABLE woman; middle aged; good .cook
and laundress; willing to to a short distance
In the country. 120% Geary st. room 23. ■
RESPECTABLE woman wishes general house-
work and plain cooking; help with children;
small washing. 708 Howard st.
REFINED lady desires position as companion
or care of invalid. Box 2233, Call office.
WANTED by a young German woman work
by the day or place In country where * she
can take child 3 years old. 130% Ninth st.
! GIRL wishes position for . housework; wages
$20. Address 2320 Sutter st. ■ ■- . . -■ .
; WOMAN neat and reliable desires washing and j
housecleaning at 75 cents a day, or by the
month, cooking, and the care of children.
: from $8 to $10 a month. Box 2234, Call office.
STRONG young woman with child 2 years old I
wlhes to do plain housework. Address 166 j
Clara St., third floor.
; NORTH German girl desires a . position to 'do |
general housework or second work In a small
family; $20 a month. 27 Liberty st., between
i Twentieth and Twenty-first.
YOUNG girl wants a situation to take care of
baby. Please call at 335 Tehama St., between
Fourth and Fifth.
i WANTED— Situation by , a first-class chamber-
maid; has worked: in flrst-class hotels;
j wishes to sleep home. Address 737 Howard st.
! NEAT girl wishes position, second work, take
care of children, make herself generally use-
ful; references. Call 1120 A Golden Gate aye.
ARTISTIC dressmaker wishes a few more en-
gagements; $1 25 per day. Address 1337 Mar-
. ■ ket st. ;;. '. ■.:-; ■■ v. ■•:; . ■ -
A SLAVONIAN girl wants a situation for cook-
ing and housework. :75 Clementina st.
REFINED young woman wants employment;
can furnish excellent references; small sal-
ary. Box 2387, Call office.
j GERMAN woman wishes chamberwork, house-
keeping, any kind of work. MRS. DAWRTC,
220 Montgomery aye. : ..'.;. '
GOVERNESS— Experienced . English branches.
. music and painting; best references; visiting
or resident; no objection to country. A. 8..
Call branch, 821 McAllister st. . ,
RELIABLE woman would like sewing to do
at home. MRS. EFFIE SIMON, 1907 Harri-
son Et.
REFINED : Christian woman would like re-
sponsible position where faithfulness and In-
tegrity will be appreciated; Is agreeable and
companionable; knows how to make invalid
comfortable.. Address box 1467, Call office.
WOMAN wishes work by the day. 322 Third st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— "
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese employment - office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426. 
GOOD, , reliable and experienced > man '. wishes
employment to manage either city or "country
business ■or to : tnke Eastern • agencies;- best
references. ; Address S. S., «■ box . 2210, ' Call. *
YOUNG man (German) wishes a position; ex-
perienced clerk; strictly , sober; ' best of refer-
; ences. Address : b0x ' 2212, Call office.': :■: - . '
YOUNG ■ Boston man ; would like : situation In
; , business house; good references ' from Boston
. and San Francisco; 5 years in last place. Ad-
• dress J. *J. 8., 818 Brush St.. Oakland. • . > '
BARTENDER, 28, first class ; ( best -: of ref er-
ences; willing and - obliging. WILLIAM
MITCHELL, Golden West Hotel.
FIRST-CLASS wheelwright wishes poettion;
: steady; ;. references. •; Room ; 16, Golden Eagle
• / Hotel, >, corner : Montgomery . and - Broadway. ; .-;
. VALET, r Swede, ■ 28; experienced •Id massage
and nursing; best "of * references. < WILLIAM
; MITCHELL. Golden ; West Hotel.
HTTTTATION wantftd with fiLT-Mv tn «^fflrt *ynfl
a-xouflfc. Of, qjflyi. M^Uen.jfl qt, ••sjft^*
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued^
YOUNG Irishman wishes situation with pri-
vate family as stableman, or can drive; tnor-
' oughly acquainted with city; has good recom-
mendation; 3 years in last place., Address
box 2206, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position; ac-
quainted with hardware * store and grocery
business; references;; understands bookkeep-
Ing; no objection to country. H^_ i! *' >2 ' Call.
BOY 16 years old wishes steady work In coun-
try for grocer, butcher or any kind of busi-
ness; will go to any part of State. Box _i 5,
Call office. '
YOUNG man wants position in wholesale
house; anything; not afraid of work. Ad-
dress 223 Mason st., room 6. ■
AN all-around man wants situation as Janitor,
porter or driver; best of references. Address
C. SMITTZ, 917 Howard st.
WANTED— A position as stationary engineer;
lately from the East; do own steam fitting
and useful man around a mill; -15 years ref-
erence. Address 326 Fifth st.
AS valet and experienced invalid and traveling;
attendant; speaks French, German and Eng-
lish; beet of references. Box 2198, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes work on cattle ranch;
strong and obliging. A. G., 27 Chattanooga st.
POSITION wanted by a good cake baker; ori-
ental work. Address 253 Natoma St.
SITUATION by young man 30 years old In any
capacity; city or country; good bookkeeper
and typewriter: reference from present em-
ployer. Address box 2261. Call office.
■ COACHMAN, first class, would like situation;
thoroughly * experienced in all its branches;
unmarried; best California and Eastern ref-
erences; strictly temperate; can drive four-
in-hand. Box 2270. Call office. . :
AN experienced bookkeeper desires employ-
ment; highest references. Address box 2266.
Call office.
WANTED— Work by a single man; painter by
trade: wages moderate: country preferred. J.
D., box 8, Call office, Oakland. _^
POSITION as assistant bookkeeper or collector;
best of references given. Address 1592 Mis-
sion ■ St. ';''■--•-'■ '?■
GERMAN for years foreman in vineyards and
wineries wishes situation. Address 101 O Far-
rell st. ____'
EXPERIENCED, strong Japanese will do work
by the day, hour or contract. . Address FRED
KODA, 409% O'Farrell st. - -■-■
CAPABLE marine engineer wishes position at
running engine or steam power; 14 years' ex-
perience. Address box 2255, Call office.
JA..J TOR— Wat Porter In wholesale •
house; two experienced men want positions;
first-class city references; also from present
employers. Address L., 639 A Seventh st.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The CalL
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATION as stationary engineer, fireman,
oiler or wiper; of 9 years' experience; best of
reference. S. J. BUNDOCK. 1110 Denison St.,
East Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by cook and wife to take
charge of mining camp; good references. Box
1456, Call office. '
EXPERIENCED carpenter and builder and
fitter of stores and banks wants work; wages
moderate. Box 3305. Call office.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
HOUSEWORK girl, 2 in family, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
YOUNG girl care of an invalid lady, $10.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
JANITRESS few hours n day work; $10 per
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
AN AMERICAN middle-aged woman as work- !
Ing housekeeper, country, good home, f™*! 1
wages; see gentleman here. MISS CU_Lfc.r>J,
325 Sutter st. ■
COOK, $25; second girl, same house, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Gutter st. _^
NEAT young girl, light work, $10. MISS CUL- ,
Lb;N, 325 Sutter st. j
HOUSEWORK girl, Modesto, $20; second girl,
and laundress, $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 but-
ter st. •
isuRSE girl. $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutler^
LAUNDRESS, $25; German or French nurse,
$20. MISS ~JLLEN. 325 Sutter st.
REFINED nurse, country. $12. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK girl, Fruitvale. $2,".; no cooking;
i ccc ..arty at 11 o'clock. MRS. LAMBERT,
417 Powell st. ■
GERMAN nursery governess, references, coun-
try. $25. MRS. LAMBERT. 417 Powell St.
LAUNDRESS, $25; waitress, some laundry
work, $26. MRS. LAMBERT. 417 Powell St.
2 GERMAN cooks, $35; 3 German nursegirls,
$12. $15. MRS. LAMBERT, 417 Powell st.
SEAMSTRESS and waitress. $25; second girl,
$20; 2 cooks, $35 and $30; German nurse girl,
1 child 5 years old, $15; middle-aged woman,
small ranch. $15; 6 housework girls at $2» j
: each: 11 housegirls at $20: 6 young girls to ;
! assist, $10 to $15; cook, -country, $30; laund-
ress. Institution, $20; cook in a home. $20; j
housegirl, 2 in family. $15; housekeeper. $12.
MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st. _
NEAT woman. 30 to 35 years of age; general
housework and washing; American family of
3 grown persons; city; $18: call early. MUR- j
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
NEAT, good-looking young woman for a candy
store. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COOK and laundress, summer resort. $35 and
$25, see party here; waitress, country," $20, see
party here; waitress, springs. $20; 2 lroners,
north, free fare, $30 and found; marker for
laundry. HO. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104
Geary st.
WOMAN Ur cooking and housework. Contra
Costa County, $20, call early; girl, San Lean-
dro, $20; girl, Vallejo, $15; girl. Walnut
Grove, small family, $15; girl. Oakland, see
party here; German cook. $25; family cook,
' $25: 10 housegirls, $20 to $25. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
ASSISTANT waitress and chambermaid, plain
washing. $20; laundress, institution, $27 50; 6
waitresses and chambermaids, $20 and $5 and
$8 week, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st. ■ .' :
3 GERMAN, Scandinavian and Protestant sec-
ond girls, $20 and $25; cook, German style, $30;
second girl, some washing, $25; German nurse
and seamstress, $20, and a great many girls
■ for cooking and housework in city and coun-
try. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
FOR summer resort, cook, vegetable and
pastry cooks, 3 second girls, 6 waitresses;
restaurant cook, $30; seamstress: pantry
rirls; kitchen keeper; chambermaids; 20
housegirls. 1023 Market st. '■
I STENOGRAPHER: 3 milliners; dressmaker:
j glove saleslady; 20 shop girls. 1023 Market st.
I TEN good, reliable girls, wages $25 to $30, at
once. . 1023 Market St. . . ■■
GENERAL servant, family 3. no washing. $29;
quick. At 1023 Market st.
WAITRESS, country hotel, $20. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st. ,
TYPEWRITER operators, send $1 for sample
inkograph outfit; a wonderful device for
writing In five different colors on any type-
writer; guaranteed or money refunded. Ink-
ograph Co., 110 Montgomery st.
i REFINED young lady to learn the art of
beautifying the face. Call bet. 10 and 5, room
6. 965 Folsom St.. cor. Sixth.
WANTED— German girl under-
standing cooking and general housework.
Apply 317 Larkin st. '■',
GOOD waitress wanted: People's Restaurant.
631 Clay st., near Kearny. '
YOUNG girl to take care of little boy; sleep
. home. 120% Geary st. . . ■ : ■ ■.--■.* :
OPERATOR wanted on pants; German pre-
ferred. 1273 Ellis at. ;■
WOMAN between 21 and 85 for . light house-
work: good home - and fair pay for right
party. Call after 12 at 116 Taylor st.
GIRL wanted— Cooking and downstairs work.
. COO Oak st. -.■■. . '-■ ■ ... ' ' :
WANTED— waitress at 6S« Geary
. ; St., restaurant. •■•• ■■_.-■. ■"._■'. ' ' __
APPRENTICE girl on custom coats. 1044 How-
,1, 1 . ard st. V- ' ■ :-;• - : '"-^£__ __ '' '■
EXPERIENCED finisher ; on- oloaks ; good pay.
319 Geary st. , « A. .-■•-•-.-■
WANTED— Talloress at 408% Larkin >t.
WANTED— GirI to assist in kitchen and house-
work. 1447 Valencia st., bet. 26th and 26th.
APPRENTICE wanted on custom ;. coats. 873
"Natoma St.. near Fifth. -' ■ -. ! " ■: .:
MANAGING hotel housekeeper, experienced,
California references; 5 ; chambermaids. 1023
: . Market st. ; - ';.■-:.■..-'■■'■ : -'■'■'■ '■ ■•■•■■•■■■■ -■-'■
LADY ■ office ? partner; light, profitable cash
;, business; $15. weekly, r 813 Bugh St. ....;.■
MANGLE hands wanted at S the Sun Laundry.
Nineteenth st. ■ and Telegraph ; aye., Oakland.
.WANTED— Good finisher on custom; coats;
r good wages. ': 626 Minna at. ■ '. ■-■■.."..■■ ■:■ . . ■■
GOOD finishers on ! custom coats ; steady ; work.
473 Tehama St.. top floor. v": -/■ -• :^
GIRL ,to assist r- \ln * light housework; sleep
home; $5 month. .708% Fulton st. v. /
WANTED— A neat young girl to assist in gen-
' eral housework; family of 4; wages $16. Ap-
; ply bet. 10 and _ a-.m.. 918 Eddy st. ;
GIRL for general . housework and . plain cook-
___________i____________— ____-—_-—'
.WANTED— First-class ; Swedish r; or German
- laundress; :. city references required. Apply
between 9 and 12 o'clock at 621 Leavenworth.
tLADI canvasser j for city I and • country; can
r_aake from $8 to l«_* Cay. Call roont 18. -#&
■4_Mk__L__UV a/a *- ~**^ ~-*v*_..
HELP WASTED- Continued.
WANTED— A first-class tailoress; good wages;
steady work. 272 Seventh st. '■: '. -....'- :.
GIRL wanted .to learn dressmaking. . 2730
Twenty-fourth st. t '" . '. '.• *;"'* :
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1118 Market
St.; monthly troubles, etc., cured at once.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School, 1079 Market
st.; perfect fit; no trying on: trial free. ;
LEARN dressmaking _nd millinery; position!
free; patterns 25c. McDOWELL' B,; 108 Poet.
NINTH, 167— Branch office of The Call; sub-
scriptions . and want ada taken.
HELP "WANTED— MALE.
WAITER: $15 per month. MISS CULLEN. 828
Sutter Bt. . .. : ' ". " -'.' ■
MAN and wife; easy place; $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter at.
66 'LABORERS. $1, $1 60 and $1 76 day, dlfler-
ent places; 20 railroad men, teamsters and
laborers; 26 coal miners. MURRAY _
READY, 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
GROCERY ' clerk, $40; dry goods clerk, $40;
grocery clerk, city, $25 to $30; grocery clerk,
near city, $15 and found; call to-day early.
MURRAY _ READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
9 COOKS ■ 9 Walter*
9 Dishwashers — 8 Walter Boys
! Ranch Cook. $30 Champagne Rectifier.
| MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BOY to learn blacksmith trade, city, $60 per
year and found ; 2 boys to learn trades In
city; $1 office fees on these Jobs. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 6 TEAMSTERS, city work. $26 and found;
Scandinavian teamster, city, $30 and found;
6 farm hands. $20 and $15; 3 choremen for
ranches, $10 and $15; vegetable gardener;
young man to finish learnlns blacksmith i
trade, $15 and found; 20 wood choppers. $150
and $1 25 cord; farmer and •"•ife. MURRAY
_■ READY. 634 and 636 Clay at. ■
DRILLERS In rock. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
BROILER, $50; fry oook, $40; night cook, $60.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. ;7; 7
GARDENER and coachman, $26: wheelwright.
$35 and found; foreman for a hay ranch, $30
and found; milker, $25; young man to work
in a nursery, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. _"
FIRST-CLASS barber for a large country hotel,
free shop and board and lodging and trans-
portation. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
HEAD laundryman, first-class country hotel,
$60 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary St. , - •
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper for a country hotel,
$75 and found. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., .104
Geary st. '
WANTED— Blacksmith, country. $2 50 a day;
electrical engineer. Ball engine, $3 25 a day; !
milker and butter maker $25; American farm
foreman and wife, $00; paper cutter, $10 a
week: German grocery clerk. $30 : laborers,
$1 60 a day. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook, $40: waiter, $25; cook, $30;
German waiter, $30; neat waiter, coffee house,
$8 50 a week. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st. ■
WANTED— Clgarbox maker; 2 laborers for j
city. $26 and found; 2 teamsters, $26 and ;
board: 2 farmers who can run mower, $25; 2 !
farmhands, $25; 3 milkers, $20 and $25; but-
ter-maker, $30; young German to work In
private garden, $15 and found, and others;
strong hoy for factory, $3 per week to start.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 628 Clay st. ■
WANTED Cook, $50; second, country hotel,
$30; dishwasher, same place, $15; dishwasher.
small restaurant, $15: French waiter, $40;
hotel waiter. $25; young waiter, country, $20; ;
apprentice for laundry, tin; outler, $45, etc
ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st. • . •: i
PICK and shovel laborers. $1 75 a day; cook,
$60; cook for few men, $20; young man to
learn horseshoeing; 2 waiters, boarding house,
$25. R. T. WARD & CO., 608 and 610 Clay st. i
OFFICE boy for this office. R. T. WARD &
CO., 60S Clay st.
MAN and wife for a small fruit ranch; $20;
light work. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
CARPENTER for hotel; storeroom clerk; gro-
cery clerk; hotel bartender. Call 313 Bush st.
GARDENER; man and wife, on ranch; butter
maker; 2 stout porters. 1023 Market st.
CLOTHING salesman; card writer; 3 waiters,
$40. 1023 Market st.
OFFICE assistant; man and wife, country ho-
tel, experienced. 1023 Market st. y
FIRST-CLASS operators on ladles' Jackets.
MEYER BROS.. 7 and 9 Battery st.
STEADY man to keep plain accounts and as-
sist generally in commission business; must
have $150 cash and be satisfied with $18
weekly. 917 Market St., room 2. .
COAT maker for country. Apply REISS BROS.;
24 Sutter St. '
WANTED— 3 first-class tinners. HOLBROOK,
MERRILL & STETSON, cor. Market and
Beale sts. .
EXPERIENCED ice cream maker can find
permanent employment. E. L., 1159 Broadway,
Oakland, Cal. ,
WANTED— Young man to work in office, do
collecting and assist in general; must put up
$250 cash and be satisfied with $6 a week to
commence with. Address box 1729, Call.
OFFICE boy, age 14. 305 Larkln St.. room 91;
9 o'clock a. m. ; references.
WANTED— Pants presser. 258 Jessie st.
WANTED— boy to learn carriage
blaeksmlthlng; good reference. 828 Harrison.
BOY to. learn pants pressing. 110 William st.,
off Geary, near Taylor.
CARPENTER wanted. HILLS & FISHER,
900 Stockton st. ' . ■' ;
WANTED— Young man to help in a bakery.
1924 Howard st. ________
COOK at 272 Brannan st.; $7 per week; call
early. I : - •
2 GOOD coatmakers wanted. 927 Market st.,
room 219, call early. ___ -.
FOR sale— 3 chair 15c barber-shop. 911 Seventh
st , Oakland; estab. 14 yrs.; owner going out
of business. Apply 304 Turk St.. S. F. -1 :■■.-
BARBERS' Progressive Union; tree employ-
ment. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. South 628.
WANTED— IO men to occupy clean rooms; 2
nights 25c, or 75c week. 105 New Montgomery.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Bteuart st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United . States navy: able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height. For
further information apply at the recruiting
office 20 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
BARBER shop, 2 chairs. 2 baths. Central Cal-
ifornia, for sale, exchange; no Sunday work.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night;. sl to $3 per week.
LADIES' shoes, soling, 35c; men's shoes, sol-
ing 50c: all repairing done at half the usual
price. 562 Mission st., bet. First and Second.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye. ; tel. Grant 136.
WANTED— Montana House. 76415- Mission:
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c _nd 25c per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week. \
ROSED ALE House. 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night: $1 to $4 week;, hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and lac night: 75c and $1
week. Llndell House, : Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter. I
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week. -..:.. .
500 PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoes
v half price ; half-soling, 35c 959 Howard st.
■WANTED— A good ' solicitor. . Address , 1303
•■ • Pnrk st., Altimeda, Cal. ..'. '.:'.-* -;
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 138^ Eighth st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
• Call. Sent to any address .in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, ■; postage
'. free. i"-; ""•' ■. ' ■*" -'.• "•■■-■■' ':■■(■"';''"-■''
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS wanted— Murat Halstead's great war
book, , "Our Country in War"; all - about
armies, ' navies, ; coast defenses. Maine ; disas-
ter ' Cuba, • war with Spain and relations with
, foreign nations; nearly 600 pages; all written
since , Maine disaster: magnificent colored Il-
lustrations; agents making $10 to $39 per day; |
no experience necessary; most | liberal I terms j
guaranteed;. 2o days' credit; price low; freight
paid; handsome outfit free; ? send 9 2-cent
- stamps to pay postage.'- : Educational Union,
324 Dearborn St.. ; Chicago. • '"'
HOI'SES ANTED~
WANTED— WeII : furnished ; house iof ; / 8 or 7
rooms, north at .? Market st., • for • one year;
small • family: responsible .■ party: \ must be
'•: reasonable; state price. Box » 2205. Call.
A FURNISHED - house .-. In = Western Addition,
with -modern conveniences, wanted by : a re-
sponsible : party. 403 c Examiner x building. w
W ANTED at I onee — 10-room ' unfurnished | house
. -In • the Mission district; principals only. - 403
•,-'. Examiner, building. - ■ ' ■ . .:■-.;
ANTED — To rent ' small double house or • flat I
*• suitable for » couplea. -r- Address fro_-32M,;;Catf .
LODGING UUSES FOR SALE. V:\
WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st. : •".
. RELIABLE BROKERS. ■
14 rooms; elegant furniture: new piano... $1200
15 rooms; Post st.; location A 1.;..... ;.. 850
18 rooms; lovely place: 0n1y..... 600
-.: 19 rooms; rent $27; money-maker....'....;. 460
20 rooms; rent $55: investigate this „.'• 600
, 21 rooms; rent $25; Income $100 425
82 rooms; rent $100; Income $225.. , 850
41 rooms; rent $140: near Orpheum... 2750
44 rooms; rent $100: strictly first-class 1300
X— KREDO _ CO., Successful Brokers, 22%
310 rooms': safe Investment: clears $250 $4500
40 rooms; sunny corner; transient 2000
16 rooms: Market; central: all full 700
SO rooms; Kearny; elegant offices 2800
25 rooms; best on Post:. bargain.. 1550
12 rooms: Powell; elegant 800
6 room flat; Ellis st.; free rent 250
Hundreds of others at your own price.
22 rooms, nicely furnished, on broad avenue:
• large- doing paying business; price $1000. B.
O. JUDD _ CO.. 1424 Park st., Alameda.
HANDSOME paying house; 16 elegantly fur-
nished rooms; water every room: gentlemen
roomers; one block of Baldwin. Address box
800. Call office. : .
COMFORTABLY furnished house 8 rooms: rent
cheap; water free; good business location: 3
car lines; price cheap. Address box 2243.
Call office.
AT a sacrifice — sunny corner 60-room house
on account of departure; no agents. Box
2199. Call Office. ■--;-_■
WANTED— House 25 rooms; - central; bargain
for cash. Box 2201. Call. .
TO Let— Small lodging house, furnished. Ap-
ply afternoon, 1160 Folsom st., barroom.
MONTGOMERY. 627. cor. Clay— Open until »:J»
o'clock: branch office of The Call; subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
THE Rapid Packing Company; furniture and
household goods packed for shipment: esti-
mates given. 505 Kearny st. ; tel. Main 315.
NEW furniture. 2 rooms: suitable for living
rooms, offices. 1089 Broadway. Oakland, r. 1. j
CONTENTS of a finely furnished 6-room flat.
Apply 475 Guerrero st., near Seventeenth.
GOOD furniture of 6 rooms for sale at a bar-
gain. Address box 1513. Call office.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED— Carpets of an 8 or 10 room house;
central. J. T. TERRY, 421 California st.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 18 Mont-
gomery St.: highest prices paid. Tel 'avis 71.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
WANTED — Young man going to Alaska to
handle a good cheap portable boat: good
chance to make expenses of the trip. Address
care Call office.. __^
FOR Dawson City, steamer Northern Light—
Fastc-Ft boat on - the Yukon, far-i first-cities
$iW); freight $200 per ton; 150 pounds baggage
free; leaves Seattle June 1. Office 36 East ft.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FOR SALE— A large refrigerator, at 427 Lar-
kln st. "
SODA fountain, used one year, for less than
half cost; good as new. 615 Larkln st.
i NEW Stewart champion banjo; sacrifice owing
to military duty. Box 2247, Call.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl,
! goods; new, 3d hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
: FOR sale— heavy mare, harness and
; buggy. Call to-day and Monday, 4028 17th st.
SCHOONER yacht for sale; cheap; 25-ton. 11.
BRAND, 631 Ellis at.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor/baits and
pump. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
SMITH Premier tyrewriter; use for one month;
fo: sale cheap. 25518 Market st. .:.->■*■"■>
J R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel So. 787.
BOILERS engines. 2d hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. Fremont & Howard.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St.. above sixth. •
FOR Sale— ss up; good second-hand sewing
machines; bargains In new machines which
have been returned for non-payment. A. C.
BROWN. 1360 Market st.
GAS fixtures very low; . large assortment: 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES — New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 533 Sacramento.
SAFES — Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F. j
GRAPHOPHONES. $10; Records. $5 per do*. ;
Projectoscope. $100. Bacigalupl. 833-948 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving. etc..
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet- eanlng Works; cleans,
rnves, lays carpet- C H. STEVENS, Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted ■ :th poor work
send to EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
. -:.ting Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS steam cleaned at lowest rates. J. j
' McQueen, C.C.C. Co., 453 Stevenson; tel. 5.228.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relald at Sc
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern .. -am Carpet - Cleaning
Works, 14 Bth st. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Cr -net-Cleaning Co., _- 14th
St.; cleaning 3c a yard: tel. Mission 74.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat-
ing, alteration wks. 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet- Beat Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. ;' tel. East 126.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'B Business College, 24 Post. Book-
• keeping ' business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
, es; ' electrical, civil and mining engineering;
surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100
< graduates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AIRES' Business College, 723 - Market st.
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship. $50; low rates per week and month,
UNIVERSITY coach— Newel Perry, Ph. 8., Fel-
low In Mathematics, U. C, 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. Charming way, Berkeley; write for circulr.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. : day & eve. ;
i est. 1864. VAN PER N AILLEN, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations;' a
course in Tan's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 655 Market st.
DANCING taught at pupils' homes by prof
I sional; terms very reasonable. Box 1663, Call.
SHORTHAND; to write 100 words a minute
taught In one month; terms $10. 712 Van Ness.
VOICE culture, piano, Paris graduate: French,
Spanish: new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor, st.
THE Lyceum (accredited) prepares for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges. Phelan bdg.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
1 plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings,- 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted, Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 34 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists: painless extraction;
'■: teeth, per set, $5 up; gold filling, 75c up; sil-
,. ver, 25c up; old plates made over, $1 up; all
work warranted; open evenings and Sundays.
969 Mission St.. cor. Sixth, and 371 Hayes st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per vet; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine : Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of. painless extraction and
patentee ■ of < improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings. 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 . Market St., corner Sixth. ? :-
L. A. ; TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. , TEAOUB.
removed to Call ; bldg.. 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL ; work : reasonable and warranted. '■ DR. J.
•;--,.W.; KEY, 1320 Market st. ■:■.■. ---■■.:.-.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 S MONTHLY— repaired, bought, sold :
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st. : phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; ,
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
US L.ARKlN— Branch office of the Call- Bub-
■crlptlons and want nds taken.
J WANTED—MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Second-hand set - engineer's " tools
and ■- chest; cheap. Address B. R., box 1518.
. Call office. '■■-.. . '■■■■■■■■■■'
WANTED to ; buy or rent a silver plating
plant also good plates. • Address * G. S.
' MONTGOMERY, .; 218 , McAllister • St.; : ?■■
WANTED— National cash register; cheap ' for
- ; cash. Box 2262. Call office." -: V. ,' t :-U'-..V.v;^
>AWNBROKER-Old < *Old, •Hyer. cast-off
If clothing bought, Add. £O_Ei__S a 41. Tbjr^,
■- - -- i_ _i !*■ ■*- -■***"*"* - ,__-_■—_- iMt iiiiil
BUSINESS CHANCES.
iIsoO^CORNER grocery and bar, 4 rooms and
bath, in Western Addition; established 20
years; big bar trade; well worth *2oOO;se lling
on account of sickness. M. L_SS & CO., 7b3
Market Bt. ,
$1000— CORNER grocery and bar in the Mission;
6 living rooms; proprl el £r owns building:
cheap rent; long lease. M. _fc.ab & lv., 7bs
Market st.
$350— SALOOnT^I living-rooms: lear Oakland
ferry: doing fine business; rare chance; must
be seen to be appreciated. M. J-.fc.tos. .w>
Market at.
$600— FINE saloon, a few doors from Market
St., In the heart of the city, well established
paying place. M. LESS, 765 Market_st.
$600^PARTNEfT wanted in an Al saloon busi-
ness in the vicinity of the Baldwin Hotel; ex-
cellent trade; money-making place. M. ____.
766 Market Bt. .
I-$260-POULTRYTgame, fruit and vegetable
store m finest market: north of Market at.,
clearing $100 per month; trial. M. __&b.
765 Market st. ,
A— s3so; RESTAURANT, opposite cable housej
transfer corner; good business: cheap rent.
WTLKE, 7*3 Market st.
A— s3so; BATH house, with 10 bath tubs: 8 fur-
nished rooms; rent $42; close to Kearny st. »
kept by owner for years: a first-class y busi-
ness owning for the right party. V\ i_K._,
783 Market st. .
A.— ssoo; restaurant; 1 block from cor. Fourth
and Markot sts. ; average daily receipts »4o;
best class of customers; disagreement betweea
partners cause of sale. WILKE, 753 Market.
A.— s6oo; bakery and confectionery in choic*
location. Western Addition: doing a larg»
store trade; 4 living rooms; rent $50: owner
enlisted as volunteer; a sacrifice, vv ILKL,,
783 Market st.
A— S2OO— CORNER saloon, opp. factory, present
owner th»re 10 years, wants to retire; daily
receipts J10; can be increased. WILKE. 783
Market st. _____
A— sl4o<V-BEPT paying day saloon in this eityl
average daily receipts $20; rent $50, lease.
Particulars. WILKE. 783 Market st.
j A— s22oo— RARE chance for investment: first-
class saloon; close to Chronicle; elegantly
fitted up: clearing above $250 per month: con-
nected with club and poker rooms; a sacri-
fice; Important business calling owner south.
Particulars. WILKE, TS3 Market Bt.
$300— BUTCHER business; bargain.
$650 — Saloon; 6 furnished rooms.
$200— Saloon; bargain this day.
$1750— Livery stable.
$650 — Saloon: bargain this day.
McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny ■-
I $850— SALOON; best business part of the cityj
established 30 years; disagreement of part-
ners. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.^
$6T.O— COUNTRY stored saloon and dwelling:
hall In second story; large lot; worth $20001
no opposition; satisfactory reasons for sell-
ing. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny at.
I $2500— SALOON, country mining town: 2 stores,
2 cottages, 7 lots; half prire; owner compelled
to go East. McLAUGHLIN. 23 Keary st.
$300— CORNER saloon; going to Klondike causa
_of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny.
A— KREDO & CO.. Successful Brokers, 22»_
Geary st. Miscellaneous business chance*.
$375 — Home restaurant; finest; best paying.
$s(iO— Stationery, books. Call and launtiry ofllca.
j-no— Photograph gallery; oldest on coast.
$800— Delicacy; fine corner with living room*.
$800— Home bakery; 3 barrels dally; rooms.
$600— Restaurant and furnished flat; $20 dally*
$45^— BEST shooting gallery; cigar stand pay*
! rent; clears $130. KREDO & CO., 22 M, Geary.
I A— SBSO— GROCERY ; b. bakery; stationery; sun-
ny rooms; laundry pays rent. KREDO & CO..
22Vi Geary st.
WE can sell your business promptly for cash*
BURKE & CO., 917 Market st.
$400 — GRAND chance: route for sale; 75 cus-
tomers; horse and wagon; clears $100 month-
ly; tan be increased. BURKE & CO., 911
Market st.
$125— CIGAR store! best bargain in city; sell-
ing on account of death owner; near Mar-
ket st. BURKE - CO.. 917 Market Bt.
X— SBOO— CORNER grocery and bar; without
doubt one of the best business corners.
$200 — Partner wanted; commission business.
$300 Saloon; old-established; good corner,
and other bargains in saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO.. 777 Market.
$175 — IMMEDIATE sale, account sickness; gro-
cery and bar; first-class location; k^mxl busi-
ness; stock will invoice amount. Pacific Ex-
change, 995 Market st^
$700— BOARDING house all full steady room-
ers- pays $75 clear a month: low rent; a snap;
worth $900. Pacific Exchange, 995 Market st.
$175— NEWLY fitted up saloon, complete; never
been opened; will sell stock and fixtures
separate: good reasons for selling. Sea
JOHNSON, the Painter, at 441 Sixth st., from
12 to 1 or 6toB p. m. ; no agents^
BA—OON among factories; must be sold; owner
leaving city; offer wanted. Apply :M : 2 Third.
$750— ■ i'OFFEE aril chop house; pays well; "Pp-w
site ferries; offer wanted. Apply 2-Hi Third.
GROCERY, branch bakery, stationery, variety,
cigars; fine sunny rooms and yards; old es-
tablished; cheap rent; laundry and papers
pay rent. Box 19, Call branch office, 106 11th.
FOR sale— Half interest in soda-water busi-
ness at Inventory price; 10 per cent oft tq
the right man. JAS. I. BLIVEN, 1r.3 New
Montgomery at.
FIRST-CLASS bakery; central; must be sold
account of sickness. Address box 2211, Call.
NEATLY furnished clubrooms for sale; a bar-
gain; good location. Apply at 13 Third st.
$275 — SALOON, fine living rooms; pays wellt
must sell account sickness. Apply 24V6 3d st.
$200 BUYS fine, centrally located saloon: rent
$17; living rooms; good trade. 406 Geary gt.
RESTAURANT for sale; no reasonable offer
refused. 145 Taylor st.
FOR sale— Home bakery; good paying business t
established years; 6 fine rooms. 1913 Howard.
FOR SALE— Restaurant; a bargain; will take
partner. 753 Market st. ; basement.
FOR sale— Good-paying restaurant; $200. 13*
Second st.
SHOE shop, Including machine, $40; good busi-
ness. 195 Second St.
PARTNER, or will sell cheap: small manu-
facturing business: no experience; 200 cus-
tomers; the only one on the Coast. 615 Eighth
St., Oakland.
SALOON for sale cheap; no night work. (04
Clay st.
A _SISO_RESTAURANT; see this bargain |
good location. Apply 827 Mission st.
A RARE chance for investment in Oakland:
first-class restaurant for sale, clearing $254
per month; same owners 8 years; positively
no opposition near; place located on Junction
of best two streets; cheap rent; reason for
eelllng, owners leaving for Europe. M. L.
WURTS, 17th and Broadway, Oakland.
IF you want to buy a paying variety business
cheap, cash or trade for country home, t
have one to sell on account of sickness. Ad-
dress Store, box 2239. Call office; no agents.
FOR Sale— Saloon north of Market; doing good
business: no agent. Particulars C. PETER-
SON, 533 Post st.
GROCERY and bar; flrst-class location; •
rare opportunity. Inquire Retail orocer. 214
Calif orn la Bt.
CHEAP-Branch bakery, notion and candy
store; 4 sunny living rooms. 1351 Harrison.
LAUNDRY route and horse and w«on for
eale at a sacrifice. Box 2238. Call office.
CORNER saloon; must sell this week. 400 Uo.
AUlster s^
GOOD old paying stationery; woman can make
good living. Apply Call office.
PROMINENT plumbing business for sale; es-
tablished 12 years on principal business street;
price asked is all In stock; good reason tor
selling. Box 17_. Call office.
FINE Examiner route to lease; 900 names;
good district. Box 2259, Call office.
CORNER grocery- and bar for sale; 3 living
rooms. 329 Fifth__st.
SUMMER resort and beer garden to sell or
rent. MRS. BOKKELMAXN, Lorln. CaL
CORNER grocery and bar, living rooms, for
sale; investigate. 117 Flllmore st.
BAKERY for sale cheap. Address Royal Bak-
ery, cor. Main and Delia sts., Stockton.
FOR sale— First-class restaurant, saloon and
lamlly resort on Market st. : cheap rent; will
be sold at a low figure to a good party. In-
quire at McLEOD & HATJE'S, wholesale
liquor dealers, 615 Market st.
$10, $50, $100 CAN be Invested where it will
yield as large a profit as is consistent with
safety; send for our free booklet "How
Money Grows." RIGGS & CO., Bourse-
Philadelphia, Pa.
FOR SALE— CaII route at San Jose; for part-
iculars apply at Call business office or to K.
F. PIERCE. San Jose.
HORSERADISH and pickle stand in well-
known market; retiring from business; great
bargain. Address L. H.. box 1461. Call Office.
PARTNER wanted— Good-paying restaurant
and coffee saloon; Montgomery st. Address
Box 1463. Call.
CORNER saloon for sale at a bargain; good
stock of liquors, cigars. 248 Fourth st.
PARTNER wanted In a restaurant; splendid
opportunity. Box 1538. Call office.
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Registd Pat.
Agents; established 1862. 319 Pine St., city.
co ____ a _ d tea routes supplied from OEO.
W. CAS WELL & CO ,S. 415 Sacramento £*
PARTNERS WAN TBD.
JjFAjrr__'--Sal(¥)n partaer at 36 Eist «.HOUSES TO LET.
ALL oV-ER~TO\vST^-^^—^
. You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
■ HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
COTTAGE; modern; bay-window; 4 rooms;
stylishly rurnished; rent $17. Address C. E.,
. box 2626, Call office.
ELEGANT S-room houses; Sixth aye.. bet. Cal-
ifornia" and Lake: prices will surprise ' you.
MARCUSE & REMMEL. 628 Market St.
HOUSE 4 rooms, attic and stable. Inquire 820
Jessie St., off Ninth; rent reasonable.
NICE sunny dwelling; 441 Fifth . st,. near
Bryant: 7 good rooms; large yard: $20.
SACRAMENTO, 1620, between Larkin and Polk
—Fine 2-story and basement house; 10 large
rooms; rent $05. . '•
TWENTY-THIRD, 2754. near Hampshire— :
rooms, bath; large yard; rent $16.
2 TENEMENTS: 4 rooms each: $8 50 and $10.
f-12 3essle St., near Ninth; key at Knx-pry-
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
THE REYNOLDS CO----'''
HOUSES RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED.
7-r.'om cottage, nicely furnished $27 00
6-room house, new, near in.. $45 00
11-rm bouse, finely fur., good location.. s6o 00
E-rm. house, well furn., fine 10cati0n.... 575 00
10-rvn. house, elegantly fur., fine locatlons"s 00
7-rm. flat, well furn., good location.... $42 50
6-rm. flat, well furn., good 10cati0n.... .535 00
9-rm. flat, well furn., good location.. $7500
, 403 — » Examiner building.
ASHBCRT, 216— Sunny, nicely furnished house,
5 rooms; bath; piano.
BIRCH aye., 5, off Larkin St., near Grove —
Four rooms and bath; nicely furnished. ;
FURNISHED cottage, four rooms; bath: yard:
SS24 Nineteenth st. Inquire UMBSEN &
CO.; rent $15. '
FURNISHED modern house, 9 rooms, near
park ; rent $60. Box IBM. Call office.
TAYLOR 810— Completely furnished sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:30 and
4 p. m.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, S62SA — Sunny cottage 6 rooms, base-
ment: rent $8: rear cottage^ - ■ . "■
7-ROOM. new. $17, or will sell; $250 cash, bal.
$20 month. MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
$7— SUNNY bay-window cottage 5 rooms near
34th and Mission. Apply 64 Silver St.. off 3d.
$20— COTTAGE; 5 rooms; prettiest in city; new;
2963 Twenty-first st. : key at corner grocery.
FLATS TO LET.
A RARELY beautiful flat: NW. cor. Sutter and
Scott; 6 big rooms; $25. Key 2300 Sutter st.
A SNAP— flat 2160 Fifteenth St.. near
. Noe; modern 5 rooms, bath and basement;
sunny side; rent $16. ~~::-->>~'
CHEAPEST fiats In the city; « and 7 rooms
and bath; rent $18 and $20: Capp St.. bet. 22d
and 23d. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
CHENERY. 92. near Thirtieth— Nice flats; 5
rooms and bath. $12; 4 rooms and bath. $10.
ELEGANT lower flat; Just completed: beauti-
fully tinted; newest improvements; 6 rooms;
three bay-windows. Shrader st..§near Waller.
EIGHTH. 310^4— 3 rooma. nice order; $9. .
MINNA. 612^4— Flat of 5 rooms; fit for 2 fam-
ilies; rent $12. .
NE. CORNER Hayes and Webster— of 6
rooms and bath. Inquire 734 Hayea St.
NICELY furnished flat; 5 rooms and bath. Ap-
ply 111 Liberty st. .-■::■■■•"-■.
NINETEENTH, 3984, corner Noe— Lovely sunny
* lower modern 4-room Cat; $14: water free.
POLK, 1710. near Clay— New bay-window
sunny flat, 7 rooms and bath. $25.
POND. 47. off Sixteenth, half a block from
Market; upper modern sunny 6-room flat,
$15; water free. 1
SCOTT, 2035, corner Sacramento — 8-room :
upper flat, with attic.
SMALL sunny upper flat, completely furnished;
piano; references; $22. 2110 Baker st.
SUNNY, modern; 4 rooms and bath. 4 Tremont
aye., near Waller St.. Golden Gate Park.
SULLIVAN. 221. near Stanyan— s rooms and
bath; water free; rent $14. ■ I
THIRTEENTH, 220, near Howard — Upper j
sunny flat; 5 rooms and bath; rent only $15.
THIRTEENTH, 531— Sunny flat: rent cheap:
6 rooms; bath; car Market: apply premises.
$B—3 CLEAN unfurnished rooms; sanitary
plumbing; large yard. 727 Minna St.. near Bth. j
$!J— A A JO, 11231/4. near Leaven worth— j
- rooms; large separate yard; rent reduced. ,
FLAT of 4 sunny rooms, for a small (
family. 1C25 Minna St.. bet. 11th and 12th.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— Weekly j
Call, in wrapper, for mailing. !
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 522 Polk Sunny suite; unfurnished rooms,
with kitchen; first floor; reasonable.
BUSH, 621— Large front suite, well furnished
and separate kitchen, with bath, $17.
EDDY, Nicely furnished sunny bay-win-
dow room, with kitchen: also single rooms.
EDDY Very pleasant, nicely furnished
housekpg rooms; gas range; splendid location.
FELL 459—2 furnished front rooms; housekpg
or single; private family; bath; cheap.
FIFTH, 314—2 sunny front connecting house-
kpng. rooms; bath; stove; closet; private; $10.
FIFTH, — Suite of rooms, furnished for
housekeeping: rent cheap. ■
FIFTH, 423%— Front room and kitchen newly
furnished for housekeeping; also others.
FULTON 41— Comfortably furnished front
room and kitchen; $12 month; private family.
FULTON, 121—2 fine sunny furnished front
rooms: range; large yard; rent $12.
GEARY 1917 — comfortable rooms for adults;
gas and coal stoves; 2 beds; ail necessaries;
$20. j
GROVE, 508— Furnished front room: private;
family; no children; rent reasonable.
HAVES. 662— Sunny bay-window front suite;
complete: housekpg: gas range; private fam.
HOWARD, 819, The Hanover— Sunny house- ;
. keeping suites from $8 to $10 per month.
HYDE Rll— Nice sunny front room, furnished
for housekeeping; running water; yard; $10.
LARKIN. Newly furnished housekeeping
room, with gas stove; also single room.
MISSION, 923^4— Completely furnished, clean,
sunny front housekeeping rooms; gas; bath.
NINTH, Sunny suite rooms; light house-
keeping ; running water; cook stove; others.
SIXTH, 132— Sunny suite; nice furniture: run-
ning water, gas; housekpg privileges; $12 mo.
SOUTH PARK. 90—2 or 3 furnished rooms, $6
and $9; also housekeeping rooms.
SUITE of two nice front sunny rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding-beds, 1 In
kitchen and 1 in bedroom, with suit to match:
furniture all new; $3 per week; suitable for 4
or 6 persons. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mis-
sion et.. .between First and. Second.
SUNNT front double room; also housekeep-
ing; $8 and $7 per month. ZiOhb Minna st. .
TWENTY- THIRD; 3728, near Dolores— Sunny
bay-window rooms for housekeeping. .
VAN NESS aye., 400— Most elegant, sunny cor.
flat; 3 rooms and bath; complete for house-
keeping; no children; all front rooms. / ■
•16 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken. -
- „ ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable:
Com. Transfer Co., 23 Stockton st. Trunks
moved to any part of city. 25c; phone. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; flrat-clas*
In every respect: terms reasonable.
AT Hyde. 609; Sutter, 715-719— Furnished and
unfurnished; choice, and sunny; reasonable.
AT 242 Stockton, sunny rooms, pretty view,
quiet house; baths, gas; very reasonabta. -
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— elegantly furnished }
rins. ; gentlemen, families; elevator.' transient.
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished, single
and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo. ; nice suites.'
EDDY, ' 113— Neat sunny single j room for j gen-
tleman; $5 CO.
EDDY. 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night.
60c to $1: week. $2 to $6: families.
EDDY, 761— Large sunny front room. S3. ■
ELEVENTH, 124 A— Single, newly furnished
sunny front room, $5 per month. ' - ,;
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Garnet)— First-class i sunny
rooma and suites for gents, $1 SO to $3 week.
ELLIS, 432— Nicely furnished front - and back
single rooma, $6 and $S a month: bath; gas.
ELLIS, 639 corner Larldn— Bunnr front room;
mantel; folding bed for two; $11. - 
FIFTH. 107 — Pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms . to let.
FOLSOM, 766H — Neatly furnished rooms; $4
« and $5; every convenience. •
GEARY, 622— Newly furnished sunny bay-win-
dow room; also single rooms;* bath and gas. '
GEARY. 6G7— Newly furnished single and double
rooms; private family; references. >,> -
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1104— Nice bedroom- rea-
eonable; private family. , .
GROVE, 42— Furnished rooms for. housekeeping.
- -.-;--- •■• "  V?- 1
ROOMS TO LET— Continued. .
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7SI Mission; (select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 . per week. ■ "
HOWARD, 715, ST. DAVID 1 — 200 rooms:
suites; single; sunny reading room; 2So up.
HOWARD. Large furnished front room;
sunny - single, $3 per month. '- .
HOWARD, 1217VS— Furnished room for 1 or 2
gentlemen; private family. ■
LARKlN,. 63l— Pleasant front room; , gas and
bath; $6 50; private family. *
MASON. 18 (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week, $1 50 to $3; suites,
$4 to $6; baths: hot water: transient; elevator.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week. '
MISSION. 763— A fine large front room; fur-
nished for 2; $8 a month. .
NATOMA, 242— Furnished front room.
OAK, 118— Large double room; bath; gentlemen
preferred. ,^V~.'- '
O'FARRELL. 231— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
Eingle rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 210 A —Runny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms, $8 and $10. -
O'FARRELL, 327— Handsomely furnished front
room; also single rooms, $5 month up.
O'FARRELL, Sunny room In private fam-
ily; rent $S. ■'
O'FARRELL, 770— Handsome sunny suite of
parlors: running- water; grate; bath; gas;
private family. ■
POLK, .1403— bay-window sunny room;
nicely furnished. _•_ -■•
POST SI6A, opp. plaza— suite with
bath; breakfast served; $30 month.
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms: first-
class in every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
POST, 910— Sunny room for gentleman; upper
flat; private family: ?8.
POWELL, 612— Sunny front room; newly fur-
nished; gas; bath.
POWELL. 147, and 211 O'Farrell— Nice fur-
nished rooms by day, week or month.
SHERMAN Apartment House. VS Eighth St..
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR 211— Nicely furnished sunny rooms
single or en suite; also bath; reasonable.
TAYLOR. 715— A lovely furnished parlor suite,
with piano; references.
TURK, 303— Large bay-window front room;
nicely furnished; reasonable.
TENTH, 123, near Market— 2 large sunny bay-
window rooms; housekeeping if desired.
TAYLOR. 109 — -ide rooms $1 and $1 60 week;
large sunny room $2 week.
V ROOMS AND BOARD.
EDDY, 616— Wanted young lady to room j and
board, private family; reasonable.
ELEGANT sunny rooms; new house; new fur-
niture; also first-class meals; healthiest part
of San Francisco. The Slrius, 1505 Stockton.
ELLIS. Nicely furnished rooms; best
■ board; $5 per week. ;
FULTON, 833 (The Mlzpah)— A quft-t family
hotel ; modern sunny rooms, single and en
suite; exceptional table; terms reasonable.
FO'.SOM. Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week: nice location.
HYDE, 1105 (The Victoria)— Elegant rooms;
good *>oard; nice location; new management.
HYDE, 408— Double and single rooms: first-
class board; Spanish; $36 a month up.
HYDE, Sunny . rooms;, good board: pretty j
grounds; select location. Mrs. Brotherton.
PINE, 743— Sunny single rooms; excellent board;
$20 per month.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Good table ";oard, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room. $4 week.
SUTTER, 1128— Sunny suite: single rooms: flrst-
class board: large grounds. Mrs. W. Evans.
THE Longworth. 532 Geary— Remodeled; ele-
gantly furnished; good board; choice location.
VAN NESS aye.. 808— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished; with board.
ELEVENTH. Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WlDOW~would like 2 children to board; fur-
nished room for parent. 61 Clara st.
REFINED, kind home for children: careful
training; music lessons: $8 50 monthly. J.
F., box 7. Call office. Oakland.
CHILDREN bdarded, * $10 to $15 a month. 2134 j
Essex st., Peralta P. P., South Berkeley. Cal. j
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; near j
school. 51 Clara st. * .'.'-■
WANTED, by a German widow, ' a child 'to
board: healthy locality and best of care. Ad-
dres3 box 1723. Call Office.
AN elderly lady win take Infants to board: a
mother's car» : references. 254^4 Sixth »t. ■
STORES TO LET.
MISSION, 2946— Store, with rooms.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
E0 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; pure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay self-cure sent; call or write; free: con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 58 McAllister
Bt. ; pills, $1: very strong, $2; cure. $5.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
[ * absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
i tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $160 per box. sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before . pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
A SURE cure when others fail for all female
troubles; every woman her own physician;
cured at once; never fails; can be Bent and
used at home: safe treatment guaranteed;
travelers helped in a few hours; consulta-
tion free; if you want to be seated safe and
sure call on a physician with men's knowl-
edge. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
DRS GOODWIN makes a specialty of diseases
or women; irregularities from any cause re-
stored In one day, or no charge; restores
etrength and vigor of organ unexcelled;, ma-
ternity home: best medical attendance: low
fees; cure. $5: pills, $1: when others fail,
see free of charge. 401 Van Ness aye., near
McAllister st. -■•:
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used:
home in confinement; pills and capsules, $1;
every case guaranteed; consultation free and
confidential :r: r hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 203 Turk St., near Jones.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home .in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital ; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their cape;
they will find In her a true friend. -MRS.
DR. GWYER, 226 Turk st. V •:■ :\
A -TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities '(from what-
ever cause); no Instruments used; cure at
office, $5; travelers helped without delay;
home in confinement; best skillful attend-
ance; consultation free: - hours ■ 10 to 6 and
7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
LADIES. Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; ,take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars,
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical C0.,.. Ph11a.
A BOON to -wives and mothers — Seguro; price
$1 50; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay st. ; send
2c amp for particulars to Seguro ' Manu-
facturing Co.. ■ 531 ; X st., Sacramento, Cal. '
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
■ female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
. express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
"OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
. — . v
ELECTRICAL treatments: cures ; all monthly
Irregularities; no. medicine; no pain: lady. at-
tendant; hours. 9-4, 7-8. 2208% Mission st. '
DRS. DONOVAN, 1306 : Folsom St., takes ladles
at her home in their confinement; terms mod-
erate and everything strictly confidential.
DR. HALL, 9 McAllister St.; diseases of
women . ana children. -'-•■:- ....
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; : Infallible. safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience.:. 234^4' Fourth st. -
HOME In confinement; :' diseases ; of • ■ women.
:.-; MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth. St.. Alameda. /
ELEVENTH. • Branch ' office '- of The - Call.'
Subscriptions and want ads taken. *
■ LOST. ' -. ; ' "- _■
LOST ' Strayed or Stolon— pug, . answers
to name of ; Don; generally when In repose
keens part of ■- his : tongue , out of side of his
mouth Suitable reward will be paid and no
qWkms asked on . his ; return , to 1714 . Van
- : Nesa aye. ■;■-'"•..-•---■■•■--• ■'-- ' ----- ■■•■-'' -•'.'.•.
«r REWARD— Lost, 7 months St. Bernard pup;
white with brown spot: on side . and hip.
Above reward for return of pup to 19 ; Baker.
LOST— Monday. ■ light overcoat Ellis, Webster
, and Flllmore sts. ,i' Reward. 1409 Luis St. > > '■■%
LOST— A' pass "book with the ) 'bernia Savings
and Loan Poclet v of , San Francisco. '- .*. the
name of CATHERINE FARRELL. No. 215.165.
The flnderiwlll please : return to. bank.. - ;
LOST; May 6, 1838— li yellow k opal i drop ? ear- \
- ring! ; Address ' 2000 McAllister fit. ; reward. ; ~! 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 10, 1898.
PERSONALS.
WIDOWER would like to make the acquaint-
• ance of -an honorable elderly ' lady, German
preferred; no triflers. A. R., - box' 11, Call
Office, Oakland. ■■■■■.- , - ■*■ - ;
BUSINESS aEUSONALS.
A TREATMENT that - restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from i what-
ever cause) ; • Vravelers . treated ■ w thout n>'.av:
home in confinement; skillful medical attend-
ance; no instruments used; .cure at office, $5;
consultation free; ' hours 10 to 6 - and 7 to ■£.
DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market St.
HARD brushing or too much washing is bad
for the hair; I dress hair for 25c; : good
switches, $1; best, finest quality, $3 50; extra
heavy, long . • $5; open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st. ,:■ ,- ;
GRAY hair makes the 'ladies- look old. '-. Why
> not call at 560 Sutter st., Mme. Garrlssere's
halrdressing parlors? ■ She will restore It to
Its natural color. New process for shampoo-
Ing; telephone. Black '2982. *■ ;- .
WANTED— good men to complete party
going to Alaska by the way of St. . Michael,
taking our own steamer. For particulars
. call at once at 1519 Eighth aye., E. Oakland.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third St., nr. Market: 200 : rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
I free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FIRST-CLASS hair dresser and - ventilator:
girls to learn. Appl" MME. DELL A FAUST'S
new store, 240 Stockton st., near Post. . •-
WEBSTER' International Dictionary, latest
edition, sheep binding, for sale, $7; good as
new. Box 2200, Call office.
MRS. DR. JOHNSTON, masseuse, electrician,
trained nurse. Office heated. 579 Geary st.
QUINONIA — A peerless hair tonic; use it. G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. . 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses,
$5 up; dresses made over. ; 6 Eddy st.; rra. 86.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market St. - • ■-■-
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden rr- stery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family '-oubles, restore lost ■ affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or : burled — -<iperty ; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall, Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26. 1206 Mar -et st., opposite Sixth.
MME HANSON; palmist; card-reader; past,
i present and future; 26c. 148 Sixth, room 10.
I CONSULT a gifted clairvoyant. 41 Minna St.,
basement.
j YOUR future told by cards, also psychometry,
25c. 424 Tehama St., near Fifth.
ARRIVED— Blshcp, walking medium:
tells your life from cradle to grave. 27V 4th.
GYPSY life reader gives correct • answers to all
questions; L., 25c; G., 60c; no sign. 3 7th st.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card-
reader; 25c up: German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st. ~
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in r.er pro-
fession: never falls: advice: help. 929 Post.
MME. LE NORMAN DE. reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth.
I MARKET, 4— Branch office of The Call: want
ads and subscriptions taken. • :
SPIRITUALISM.
MR. J. BERGEROT, prof, of chiromancy, will
translate what Providence has printed in your
hands, tell the vocation of your children and
the secret of producing your choice of sex.
Hours 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. 611 Stockton. $1 and up.
ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing. Tuesday
evening; at 2 Wednesday; 50c. 421 Ellis st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c. 605 McAllister st. ; fine music.
JOHN SLATER; test seance to-night, at 8; hall
111 Larkin st. admission 10c.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and
-palmist. 215 Kearny st., room 2. -. _ - .
: MRS. BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant, card
reader; Hindoo control; hours. 10-5. 679 Geary.
MME. - YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c. 605 McAllister St.; fine music.
MRS SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister, hours 10-4.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 123*4 Sixth St.. room 2. .:
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st. ; read-
ings $1; dr. Tues.. Fri.. 2 p. m.: Sat.. .8; 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
232 Stockton St.: old No. 218. . -. ■
M. FRANCES. Independent slate- writing me-
dlum. 118 Haight ft. *
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute, 402% Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas Issued; diseases and habits cured.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
I AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
> cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. - Bar-rains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good planes for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner llearny and Sutter
stß., ■ San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. ■
i ABSOLUTELY ' the oldest end lrrgest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical- Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
OUR bargain room Is the cheapest place on the
coast to secure choice snaps; several elegant
high-grade pianos, costing $500 to $700, for
sale at $100 cash; cheaper pianos if you wish;
agents for the celebrated Hardman. J. DEW-
ING CO.. 2d floor. Flood bldg. 4th & Market.
: CLARK, WISE & CO., cor. Grant aye. and
Gearys St., agents . Conover, • Kingsbury and
other pianos; opened May 1; new stock; spe-
cial prices; easy terms; inspection invited.
WE have a fine Baby Grand at . a bargain;
new pianos are offered ' at lower prices than
ever. MAT' VATS. 769 Market . st.
A STEIN WAY piano for $100; a dickering for
$90; examine list of bargains "his week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO., 933 Market st.
SOHMER & CO. Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans,
Briggs and other pianos; gee our rent plan; •
no .interest first year. 308. 310, 812 Post st.
A GREAT victory on land; "Crown" piano
over the entire "single-tone" brigade. Call
on HOCKETT BROS. & CO.. 230 Post 5t. ......
"AD" smallest; price lowest;- uprights from
$125 up; new. HEINKE, 136 Ellis st.;: . .., -j
$160— BECHSTEIN baby grand; guaranteed;
for sale; $5 Installments. : 221 Leavenworth st.
$75 — A ■': splendid piano: ■ good tone; $5 down; Is 3
, per month. 225 Sutter st. . . . - •'.-■•
NEW V pianos ■ rented, ■ : $3 per month. Scott-
Curtaz Piano Co., 560 Hayes st. :
A STEINWAY, Decker, other pianos, cheap.
HORNUNG'S New Store. 216 McAllister, st.
FINE large upright; sacrifice. 120 McAllister
St.. flat No. 1. :
A GOOD upright, very cheap. .18 '-■. McAllister
st., next Hibernia Bank. SCHMITZ. s ■ ;; .;. y
AGENCY Halnes Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos, $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
KNABE pianos; new ■ scale; •.; ew styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 80 O'Farrell st. ;?
SUPERIOR violins, • zithers, old ;.nd new. H.
■ MULLER, maker; ;' repairer, 2 ; Latham ; place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
. ; Call. •;.. Sent to . any , address sln the United
BRANCH office of The Call, 106 Eleventh St.—
Want ads and- subscriptions taken. ' ' : • ■
ATTORNEYS AT LaW.:- : J
ADVICE ■' free: - no •' charge unless - successful. -
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market ' at. .~*
; v; PROPOSALS. :.:- : -. ' "
PROPOSALS for fresh beef and mutton— Of flco
Chief Commissary, San Francisco, Cal.; April
v 12, ■ 1898. ' ■■ ■ " ■ - . - - - ,• P
' Sealed . proposals, in triplicate, V will :be re-
ceived i here and ■ at ■ offices ■of Commissaries rat
Alcatraz < Island,- ; Angel ■ Island, Benicia " Bar-
racks, - Fort Mason, ■. Presidio >of San i Francisco
and San Diego Barracks," Cat., : until 11 o'clock
a. m.. May 12. ■ ISSS, : and then opened; ' for ■ fur-
nishing the fresh beef and fresh mutton in 'bulk
required at those posts by the Subsistence De-
j partment,".Unlted ; States Army, during period
commencing July ,1, and ending December- 31 "
1898. Fresh beef shall be good, In quality and
condition fit for immediate use, and from fore
and hind-quarter ; meats -proportionally, - Includ-
ing ' all t the ? best i cuts ; thereof. -i Fresh mutton
•hall be of good, ' fat ; and '? marketable quality -
from ' wethers • over., one :■ and i under > three - years
'■- old. ' ' Beef * • and s mutton >to ibe p# dressed h< and
trimmed and delivered as prescribed I in circular
of Instructions.-- Proposals will be also received
stating price : at which bidder will ' deliver fresh
. beef or ■ mutton of character above j stated," and
to.be delivered of temperature not greater than
;50 v degrees i Fahrenheit. Government * reserves
right ito . reject *In ? whole #or ' In ; part I any *or j all
. bids. '^ Instructions'^ furnished on application to
Post I Commissaries ; or : CHARLES •P. • EAQAN,
, Colonel,-; Chief Commissary. - ' ■
PROPOSALS. v
PROPOSALS— .Burial -'of; Indigent . Dead—
Office of the ' Clerk :at ' the ; Board of Super-
visors of . the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, May 10, IS9S. " ; " ': ; v» '■ "
•In "accordance with Resolution r No. 1111
(Fourth Series) of , the -Board of , Supervisors,
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in open
session ■■ of the Board of Supervisors on : MON-
DAY AFTERNOON, May K l6, 1698, from - 2:30
to 3 o'clock, for the interment of the indigent
dead as are required to be buried at the charge
of the City and County of San Francisco, in-
cluding the City and County Smallpox Hos-
pital for the term of one year, beginning July
1,-1898, and ending, June 30, 1899, ■ in . such ceme-
tery or cemeteries •in this .: or other counties
wherein burials may be allowed. < ,■" . ;.
NOTICE— The coffins . to be ■ made of . three-
quarter-inch surface . redwood i clear . lumber, to
be lined with muslin and pillowed' inside and to
be shellacked and varnished outside, and \ the
tops to be fastened down with not less than six
screws. In all smallpox cases the coffin shall
be lined with No. 10 zinc Instead of with mus-
lin, " and hermetically sealed," and ; all , coffins
used must be subject '-. to the inspection and
approval of the officer,' in charge of the - Insti-
tution from which the body, of the decedent is
i to be buried, and must in all cases be taken
to such institution for ; the purpose of having
the ; deceased placed therein. •
No bid will be considered from any party who
has not been engaged in the undertaking busi-
ness in this city and county and . conducted Baid
business in a reputable manner for a period of
at least six months, lmmediately preceding the
date hereof.
The grave to be excavated to a depth of at
least six feet.
No body to be removed from the institution
where it lies awaiting burial within a period of
twenty-four hours alter death, except by ex-
press order •of the superintendent or officer in
charge of said institution. .
• The contractor will be required In all cases
on the death of the indigent person from - in-
fectious disease to inter the ' body of said de-
cedent within such time as may be designated
by notice from the superintendent or officer in
charge of the institution where the death may-
have occurred, and ■in all other cases within
thirty-six hours. after notification by the pro-
per officer.
The contractor, will further be required to
convey the bodies of decedents committed to
his : charge for Interment direct from the in-
stitution from which he receives the same to
the cemetery, and then and _ there bury .the
same. And will not be permitted upon any
consideration to convey such bodies to any in-
termediate resting place, ; or to keep ". the ' same
in his custody, for a longer period than that re-
quired for their transit to the cemetery.
_ Should the friends of any decedent apply at
the : Institution where such decedent may be
lying awaiting burial, : for -"«rmisslon to bury
I the same, and prove to the, superintendent or
I officer in charge of said institution that their
purpose is to provide a decent burial, and that
i they have no Intention and will not allow: the
body . to be used for the purpose of dissection,
then and In that case the body <•• said ; de-
ceased shall be delivered to said friends, who
shall take charge thereof and make the neces-
sary arrangements for the • funeral with any
undertaker they may think fit; but in such
event the contractor aforesaid shall have no
claim against ; the city for the burial of said
decedent.
The party to whom the contract may be
awarded shall be required, In all cases, to pro-
cure from the superintendent of the cemetery
wherein the burials have been made a certifi-
cate of the proper burial of each person under
the ' provisions of his contract and of thtse
specifications; and such certificate must, in all
cases, be attached to the demand of cald con-
tractor when presented to the Board of Super-
visors for approval, and must state the names
of the decedents and the institutions from
, which the body was procured..
' In case of the violation of any of the above
conditions, the contract shall be terminated by
said city and county.
The party to whom the contract ■Is awarded
will be required, prior to or at the. time of the
execution of said contract, to nay the cost of
advertising this notice (and a former notice) in
three dally newspapers, amounting in all to
six hundred and fifty-five : dollars and eighty-
two cents (JC.'o 82). ' t ' . ". .
All Interments of indigent persons the ex-
penses of which must be borne by the city and
county (other than those from any of the public I
institutions) must be authorized by the health 1
officer Issuing a permit therefor, and all ■ bills i
for such interments to be approved by ' the !
health officer prior to being presented to this
I board. All demands for the burial of Indigent \
persons from any of the public institutions to"
; be approved by. the superintendent of the Insti-
tution at which the death occurs, prior to being
presented to this board.
Bidders will estimate and state a specific
amount for each interment. "
In order to preserve the uniformity and to
] facilitate the award, the board has resolved to
I receive no bids unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified j
check, for the sum of five hundred ($500) dol- !
lars, in favor of and mode payable to the clerk I
of the Board of Supervisors, must be deposited i
i by the bidder, conditioned that If the proposal i
Is accepted and the contract awarded: and if I
the bidder shall fall or neglect to pay the print- |
ing charges, execute the contract . and give a I
bond ,of five thousand ($5000) ' dollars, -■ required j
within six days after the award is made, then, ;
and ■ in that ; case, : the said sum shall be col- j
lected and paid into the city and county treas- i
ury by said clerk, as ;, liquidated damages . for
such, failure and neglect.- :-./--..: ; ...
Blanks furnished by the clerk.
The board reserves the right to reject all bids
If the public good so require. ••-
-. . - JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clorit.
PLANS and specifications Invited for an hos-
pital building — Clerk's office, Board of Super-
visors, San Francisco, March 12, 1898. ■--.. .
In accordance with Resolution No. 797
(Fourth Series) - of the Board of Supervisors,
public notice is hereby given to architects
that competitive plans and specifications for
the erection of an hospital building will be
received in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY - AFTERNOON. Sep-
tember 12, ISBB, between the hours of 2:30"
and 3 o'clock. , .
The proposed building to be of modern de-
sign and to be constructed of stone or brick
or of both, with all the latest scientific Im-
■ provements required as ■ to Construction and
sanitation, equal to, if not ■ superior, to : any
building designed or contracted for hospital
purposes, as are Indorsed by medical author-
ity as being indispensable in the construction
of such a building.
The said hospital building to be erected on
the lot of land selected and approved by the
Board of Health described as follows:.-
Commencing at the most southeasterly cor-
ner of a tract of land known as and desig-
nated on" the official map of the city and
county of San Francisco as the . "Almshouse
Tract," and running - thence due north | along
the easterly boundary line of said Almshouse
Tract seven hundred and sixty-five (765) feet
thence due west five hundred and fifty (550)
feet: thence due south seven hundred and
sixty-five (765) feet to the southerly line of
the said Almshouse Tract; thence due east
along the said southerly line of the Aims-
house Tract five hundred and fifty (550) feet
to the point of commencement; containing
9 659 acres.
'The-Kold plans and specifications to be so
prepared that the cost of the building shall
not exceed in the aggregate the sum of three
hundred thousand ($300,000) dollars, which
sum must cover the entire expense for the
erection and completion of the proposed
"NOTICE— Architects will \ prepare \ and sub-
NOTlCE— Architects will prepare and sub-
mit with their plans and specifications for
said hospital building an Itemized estimate
of the cost of said; building, the statute re-
" quiring eight (8) hours to constitute a day's
Work with a minimum rate of wages of two
($2) dollars per day. for persons employed on
said building, with the distinct understanding
that no plans or specifications .will -be enter-
tained or considered of buildings the aggre-
gate cost of which are estimated to exceed
the sum of three hundred thousand ($300,000)
dollars. Also that; the, architect whose plans
and specifications of the building are adopted
will be appointed architect and ■ superintend-
ent of the building at a compensation of five
(5) per cent of the total cost, and will be re-
quired to give a good and satisfactory bond
or bonds, as the case may be, to Insure the !
completion .' and construction of the said
building for the . amount of the i estimate . of
the cost as made by the said architect. The
architects submitting plans and specifications I
determined by the board to be second, third I
and fourth In merit will : receive premiums of j
$1000 $750 and *■ $500 respectively, with the un-
derstanding that any features of . said plans
and specifications: which may be considered
useful or necessary be embodied. In the plans ■
adopted may be used without further cost or
charger ": JNO. -A. RUSSELL. Clerk. _
PROPOSALS for '-* military • supplies— 36 " New
Montgomery St.. San " Francisco, Cal.. May 6,
: 1898 .- Sealed proposals, In .t;. plicate, will .be
received" here until 11 o'clock a.m., May 17.
■ 1898 and then opened, for furnishing : this
■ • depot - for supply of ' Stationery, Ash • Barrels,
Stove Furniture, Carpet, Office Chairs, Clock 3,
Butzacott Ovens, ; Pack-saddle t Blankets, ■ Sad-
dlery Hardware, ; Packing Boxes, -■ Pipe Fit-
tines Lamp Chimneys,' Axle - Grease, Oils.:
Leather, Horse and • Mule ; Shoes and , Nails,
Rope Soap, Zinc and other miscellaneous stores.
Preference ■:. will "be ; given ;to ■ articles ) of ■ do-
mestic production and manufacture, r condi-
tions of - price i and quality being equal (In-
cluding ■ in < the . price =of ■ foreign productions
and . manufactures the r duty ~ thereon); * and
such preference given to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast ' to the . extent ; of ; the consump-
• tion ; required * by.: the i public service ■ there.
The ■ United States '. reserves the right ' to ; ac-
cent *or ♦ reject : any. or all proposals or ; any
part ; thereof; - Proposals i for delivery at
other points' will be entertained. Delivery to
- commence 'before July ; Ist next. - Information
furnished on s application. Envelopes will be
endorsed "Proposals for Supplies. No. 1177,"
an^?ddre4ied OSCAR F. LONG. \ Assistant
'■■!■ Quartermaster, U. 8. Army. In charge of
Depot. r ■--;•■'. *-": '■ '-■-' - : '-■■"■' -'"■:■- •" : ■■■'■:■'::-:■...
OFFICE C ' Q ' M., Vancouver Barracks, Wash.,
ADril 14 "IS9S.— Sealed proposals, In triplicate,
I : will be 'received here I until 11 o'clock, a. m..
i - May 14, 1898, and then opened ; for furnishing
and delivery -at Vancouver Barracks, .Wash., I
I Portland Or., San t Francisco, Cal., ?or J else-
where," stationer}'* required 'in 1 Dcpartmsnt of
' the Columbia. - ; Information furnished ;on ■ ap-
- plication. U. : : 8. reserves i right to . reject •; or
' accept ' any '■. or : all '■:■■ proposals. 1 , or z any part
thereof Preference given, to articles of do-
mestic ~ production .' or ; ; manufacture, condi-
tions of quality and price > (Including •-- in
• . the •■-■ price •• of ."■• articles ; of ■- foreign : < produc-
; - tion ■* or i ■ manufacture ' ■-' the T. duty : : thereon)
-being- equal, < and such ■<■.• preference given
'to :■;■ articles v-of - American «;, production or
: ' manufacture produced ion ■) the ; Pacific s Coast
to the extent ;Of ; the consumption required: by
';':■ the . public service < there, ai Envelopes contain-
■r ■ ing ; proposals " should *be j marked: y- "Proposals ■
■■ for - Stationery,'-' - and ' ; addressed --; J. W.
JACOBS. Q. U.
CITY REAL. ESTATE.
CHEAPEST lot In Park Panhandle District.
$2550— Offer wanted; must be sold; corner of
Hayes and Clayton sts. : 25x106:3.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
A SNAP!
Bay-Window Cottage
In Western Addition.
$4150 — Good cottage of 6 rooms and bath, on
Jackson St., near Broderfck; lot 25x127; bank
mortgage of $3000 can remain.
BALDWIN & HOWELU
10 Montgomery st.
A BEAUTIFUL HOME.
Large Lot.
$3000— Two lots, each 25x100, and good new
cottage of 7 rooms, bath, etc. ; stable for 2
horses; X Bt., near Ninth aye.: splendid view
of Park and the Golden Gate.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
DOLORES-STREET RESIDENCE.
$800 cash, balance monthly installments —
Handsome new house, contains 7 rums and
bath; every convenience; extra large corner
lot. plenty of icom for store and f.ati; Cirn*r.
BALDWIN & HPWELI,,
10 Montgomery St.
POST-STREET RESIDENCE^
Near Van Ness Aye.
$7500; worth $12,000^ — Fine bay-window resi-
dence; 10 rooms and bath; lot 27:6x120 to rear
street. At a small outlay could oe altered
Into flats; would pay well.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
PAYS NEARLY 8 PER CENT.
$29,000 — May be less; handsome new 4-story
and basement building; store and 'odrclng-
house above; on prominent down-town street,
close to Eddy and Taylor sts.
$5750 — Rent $63 £0; all rented; we collect the
rents and know that they are accurate; good
Improvements; large lot; not far from the
corner of California and Mason sts.; call at
once for particulars.
$6500— Rents $SlO per annum; new, handsome
lots on best portion of Hayes St.; short walk
from Market; large lot.
$14,500— McAllister St., near Franklin; 3-
story building, containing stores and llatu
above; rents $105; extra large lot.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
ATTENTION, WORKINGMBN!
Cheapest Home Lots in the City.
$325 — Terms $25 cash, balance $10 monthly;
only 5 lots left; Nebraska, Vermont, Nine-
teenth and Twentieth sts. ; electric cars on
Sixteenth St.; only short walk to Union Iron
Works and the manufacturing and warehouse
districts.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
A SNAP!
$7500 — A great bargain; splendid business
corner In the best part of the Mission; lot
30x90; Improvements consist of store and 4
rooms In rear thereof; flat above of 7 rooms;
also 2-story house of 6 rooms and bath; all
Improvements in splendid condition; rent $63.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
HAVES-STREET COTTAGE.
$4350— Hayes st., near Laguna; nice cottage
of 6 rooms and bath; lot worth the money.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery at.
THE REYNOLDS CO.
New Real Estate firm rustling for business.
Call and see us. 403 Examiner building.
Income property sacrificed; 14 houses bring-
ing In over $19T»0 per year to present owner;
will exchange for city real estate or good col-
lateral securities; material discount for caah;
loss of family the reason; investigation solic-
ited; price $11,000. THE REYNOLDS CO., 403
Examiner building:.
A beautiful modern home at a bargain; on
a popular residence street: finished In polished
redwood and Monterey cypress; assorted variety
of shade and fruit trees; 75 rose bushes, palms,
lawn, etc.; 7 rooms, attic and cellar; stable and
outhouse; price $5^00; cost twice that much;
lot 50x250. THE REYNOLDS CO., 403 Exami-
ner building.
Boom in Palo Alto — Will exchange for city
or country property; will pay cash difference;
lot in San Jose win exchange for outside land.
THE REYNOLDS CO., 403, Examiner building.
Lots in tbe H"\nh side section at a bargain to
settle an estate. THE REi'NOLDS CO., 403
Examiner building.
Chicken ranch, well equipped, for rent, 34
acres; good house 8 rooms, barn, well, wind-
mill and tank; incubator 600 ee-irs; brick brood-
I er, horse, wagon; Sonoma County. THE REV-
N< >LDS CO., 403 Examiner building.
Exchange for ranch — 4 flats: very desirable;
well located; one flat has stove in front; price
$S3OO. THE REYNOLDS CO., 403 Examiner
! building.
IXX >IC AT THIS.
j $3700— 1n Montgomery st. ; house of 12 rooms
' end barn; lot 91x91; money or no money, must
i be sold. D. STERNSEHER & CO., successors
to f'uilenasso & Co., 512 "intgomery St., S. F.
WE are going to fight; $900 house and lot; only
50 feet off Hyde st. D. STERNSEHER &
CO., successors to Cadenasso & Co., 512 Mont-
gomery st., San Francisco.
WILL be sold at prices to suit the times; brand
new up-to-date Park homes; progressive, fine-
ly Improved locality; north side Frederick St.,
near Stanyan; Ellis-st. cars will run to Fred-
erick and Stanyan sts. in 30 days. J. STIER-
LEN, owner and builder, on premises.
CALIFORNIA.
The best place in the world
For investments,
For investments,
$1200.
Lovely 4-rooms-and-bath cottage; new; lot
25x125; only one-half cash.
$3000.
Two flats; near Jones and Geary sts.
$."500. '
Six nice flats; near Seventh and Market sts.;
rents over $700; terms one-half cash.
$5500.
Choice flats; lot 2 fronts; rents $60.
$9000. '
Four flats; lot 3."x120; nr. O'Farrell and Hyde.
— $34,000. — ■
Geary st, near Kearny; 2 frontages.
_ $3G,000.
Corner; 110x137:6; partly Improved; rents $3240.
— $50,000.
Four-story brick; lot 30-foot front; nr. Tivoll.
. $130,000.
Four-story elegant investment corner; 100-
foot front; near Baldwin; rents about $800.
Free catalogue. A. M. SPECK &CO., 602 Mkt.
6 NEW modern 2-story houses; grand unob-
structible marine view; 6 and 8 rooms; lots
27:6x150; $3800 and $3fOO; cash or installments.
Leavenworth st., near Lombard.
$3000— EXCHANGE, pair new flats, city. 5 rooms
each. iIOVEY, 8, second floor, Mills building.
COTTAGE. 5 rooms, bath and all the latest
improvements; terms to suit; lot 26:3x100.
Apply at premises, 2527 HaiTiEon St., bet.
21st and 22d^
«6,-,O_COTTAGE 4 rooms and bath for sale. 9
Couvier st., near old St. Mary's College.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 GO, postage
free.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
Real Estate Agents,
638 Market st.
SWEENY RANCH.
Near Redwood City, San Mateo County: in
tracts of 100 acres or less; rich soil: plenty
water; this property immediately adjoins Red-
wood City and is only 1 hour's ride from San
Francisco; suitable for small home farms; price
below all former quotations and upon unusu-
ally easy terms.
A PRETTY COUNTRY HOME.
$3500— A cozy 5-room house, with barn, wind-
mill and 1 acre of land. In a beautiful tract
near Redwood; an abundance of fruit and
flowers.
$1400— Choice Income property in Redwood
City; half block of land: good house and barn.
FOR RENT.
A BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY HOME.
Situated In the foothills west of Stanford
University, overlooking the Santa Clara Val-
ley and the bay; handsome furnished house of
12 rooms, bath, etc. ; fine spring water, fruit
trees, stable and outhouses; will rent for a
term of years; only 30 miles from San Fran-
cisco.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
538 Market st., San Francisco, or Branch Of flee.
Redwood City.
IN Mendocino County, 400 acres for stock, $200
a year: rent In advance. Address D. DAVIS,
Frultvale. Alameda County.
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. CaL
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots and acreage: easy terms; 4s mlnotee
from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRTTST CO.. IS2 Market -it.
STORAGE.
AT low rates— rurniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartment*;
advances made. J. NOONAN, 1017 to 102*
Mission st., al ye Sixth: open evenings.
AT lowest rate.:— Household *oods, pianos; ad-
vances made; tlreproof building. V-Yf.
ZEHFUSS, M 0 Zllsslon st. Tel. Mint 18ZL
i^T MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads> taken.
FOR lowest rates go to LOUIS J. NEUMAN,
121 Sixth St., open evenings.
TRUNKS, 25c a mo.; other goods ut low rates.
Signal Transfer Co.. 530 Jones: tel. Sutter 441.
PIERCE~RUDOLPH Storage & Moving Co.:
office, X truth and Market; telephone South 168. ,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY;
OAKLAND REAL : ESTATE.
$400 CASH— A' : lovely home; ' 2-story new mod-
:.. em house •of , 6 rooms and ; bath; - high ' base-
• ment: complete and up-to-date, perfect home;
grandest location ; ever found; Galindo Tract,
East ■ Oakland, on Peralta avenue, 1 ; block
east . from : Fruit vale aye. ; Peralta ■ aye. has
city water and sewer, 2 electric car lines and
fine school; price $1500; monthly payments as
, rent. 435 Seventh st., cor. Broadway, Oak-
land. Carriage free. Galindo - Tract, v H. Z.
JONES, Owner.
FOR SALE— In Oakland, just completed, mod-
ern in design and arrangement. 2-story. 7-
room house; 3 minutes from local station; lot
40x125; surroundings the: best; . a bargain;
terms to suit purchaser. •"* HERON : & HOL-
COMB. 1050 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES. TO LET.
houses TO LET IN r OAICLAND. :r ~~ f
Corner cottage. 5 rooms ...' }17
Lower sunny fiat. 5 r00m5.......'. 12
Upper modern fiat. 6 r00m5.................. 14
2-story neat 6-room house 18
Choice sunny S-room house 23
10-room residence, fine ....'6O
These and many more, ; both larger and
f mailer. WM. M.DE WOLF. 1053 Broadway.
OAKLAND ROOMS. ■ 
GLOBE Hous^Binioward— Per^ night. 25c"to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELEGANT sunny suite: hot and cold water;
vacant May Ist. THE LORNE. 5H2 Eighth st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods this week.
SCHELLHAAS' old store. 40S Eleventh st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE. * : y
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
' JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
" Jl2OO. $1700. SISOO. «"30. $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages, which have
been . thrown ■on •■ market for . non-payment
of installments, and they -re now offered at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4, 5. 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date;
alrr~"t new, and located near schools and sta-
tions. - . . " .
- We are going to weed them • out and " invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REiIMEL.
Bay-fit, station, Alameda, and 623 Market at.;
San Francisco. Open Su: days and holidays.
— Lot 50x270; modern cottage & rooms, near
" ■choolhouse. - ;
$l?oo— Sacrifice: corner lot "5x140; good houss at
( rooms and one of 4 . rooms. ■ . -
$1600— Lot 60x150: fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: near Chestnut station. '
$2850—1150 cash; $25 per month; lot 40x150: on!?
2 blocks from station and tilirn school.
$3750— house of -7 rooms and bath: lot
42x150: choice location: very easy term*.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL A CO.. 1432 Park st.
GIVEN away— $3000: lot 58x104; cottage 6 rooms,
bath ; SW cor. Park • st. and Blanding aye. :
property on easy Installments in all parts of
Alameda. C. J. LANCASTER, Real Estate
Agent, Notary Public, 1340 Park St., Alameda.
I——1 — —
SNAP— house and bath : lot 50x150; good
location: 5 minutes' walk from station. Ap-
ply to owner, 1612 Chapln st. .. ... "■
CHFAPFST and best In America— The Weekly
■ Tail. ' Sent to any address in th« Un'">l
States or Canada one year for $1 CO. postage
frog » - ' ■ ■ -
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
FTTRNISHEI) house. 9 rooms; ■ bath; piano;
June and July. 2241 Clinton aye.. or J. S.
HOPKINS, 204 Pine St., San Francisco.
WEBER. 1378. near Encinal station— Sunny
modern 7-room house, furnished or unfur-
nlshpd: marine view. '
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$4000— A thorough bargain— house, new,
■ lot 60x160; street work all" done; cement side-
walk; fine view; easy ■ terms. JOSEPH J.
MASON, Real Estate. Berkeley station.
EAST Berkeley — sunny corner; street work
done: best street near station; electric cars;'
less $20 foot. T. P. STRONG, 460 Ninth St.,
Oakland. • .' . -
NEW house of 8 rooms in Berkeley; cheap. In-
quire 258 Fourth, corner Folsom.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
TO exchange or for sale — 3 Oakland restaurants
and ranch at Walnut Creek; also city flats for
large piece cf San Francisco property. Apply
HI Liberty st. '.'-'■
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED — To rent ' small ranch suitable for
raising poultry. Address box. 1529, Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN. •
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. P., Oak-
land ■or Alameda, at lowest . rates, without
1 removal; no commissions; no ■ delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, - above Sixth;
tel. South 14. ' - 1 .
ANY amount at CV4 per cent on real estate; 2d
and f.d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, furniture v without removal. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 3.-,
$5 UP to any amount .on indorsed paper.
■ pianos." furniture or ■ Jewelry: • all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN A CO., 230 Kearny tit., upstairs. >
HIGHLY respectable and ; private place to I ob-
1 tain • liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market st.: tel. Green 204. ■
ON furniture, pianos; city or. Oakland; no re-
moval: : low rates: no commission; $25 up;
> private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
' lowest rates. Becker & Co., 328 Montgomery.
QUICK on furniture.", pianos; no removal; no
commls. ; low interest. ■ Rm. 68, : 1170 . Market.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
' bate, etc. ' Room 7. 60S California st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist : and 2d mortg.:
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, V" furniture: no removal; lowest
rates;, no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
MONTGOMERY. 527. ; cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
' o'clock: -branch office of The Call.' Subscrip-
■ tlons and want" ads taken. ■:'•'■.-'
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc. : " lowest
rates. , McAFICE BROS.. IPS Montgomery it.
pawnbrokers:
BE WISE and borrow from the Cut; Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason St.. bet. Market and Eddy.
~~^~~ HORSES. v
HORSE and . wagon . for sale. 2152 Mission St.,
near : Eighteenth. .;" " '
CAMP wagons,' buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must. sell. Emporium Sales
Yards, 220 Valencia st. T. P. NEWELL.
40 , TIORC—S '■ for : sale; ■■! also * wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand. Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth St., auction sales , every Wed-
- nesday. " SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
O'BRIEN & SONS, '
GOLDEN GATE AYE. AND POLK ST..
Builders of Vehicles of the ■ Best ;, Grade for
.Town or Country. ' "
Newest Designs in Form. Color or Trim.
Best Business* Buggies on Earth.
Good Second-hand : Broughams. - Landaus. Carts
■ and Buggies, , Taken In Exchange,
for Sale at Low Prices.
'- Bargains new and second-hand carriages-
Coupe $50; surrey. $85; village. cart. $40: sulky
cprt ;i35: top and road buggies, traps, grocery.
mine and two-seat wagons. AH styles of carts
and harness at cost for cash. ~ ■.'- o . ■ ';-
Bull's Head Repository, loth and Valencia sts.
THREE-QUARTER - end '■ spring, ball "' bearing
axle, ' rubber ■. tire, piano body buggy. Can be
|i seen at O'BRIEN & SONS', Golden Gate are.
'"'■■ and i Polk et."; :T V - '; '"U '■'■'■',■'?,. •--.."-. -.'-.
NEW peddler's wagon, light ' delivery wagon,
■ light buggy..; 1370 Turk > st. : .r : . ■ .-. .., ■
erECIAXi sale of \ harness and 'vehicles.' » Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211*Larkln. opp. City -Hall.
FINE laundry- baker's and milk wagons cheap
, (or cash or Installments ; ; 1 ' fine top . and open
; *: butrsy: algol hack. .S2B Harrison st. ' ?".
.■"?'. .' ■.:■: .-. PASTPIL4GE,
WANTED— 75 head of i cattle ' on shares;
v : fine green feed. v; Address K. L. t NEVINS. 723
: Market : St.. room 7. San : > Francisco, or ■ 619
Seventeenth St.. Oakland. '■ '.'■•■•' V - : .'-. .
■;_.:■■■ .;. TYPEWRITERS. " .". , : , -_■
TO : exchange— A 12-gauge La Few* hammor-
» • less ; shotgun . for ■a i No. " 2"• Smith * Premier ; cr
. I Hartford ; typewriter. Address , box . 2156,\ Call.
? ALL"* typewriters I Bold | and j tinted; i few j partly
'*.» used for sale '. cheap; ■. send ■ for . samples : and
' pHcii. ALEXANDER A': CO.'.'-no Montgomery
: ;J '"/_, '. PHYSICIANS. %'?',-:';Qr.\
■ biC~cT~cPo'DO-.NELL. < oll»ce i and \ residence, -
aUK ; ilajrket ; diseases IpX I womoa » specialty.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, • marriage", and r death notices sent by
mall will ■" not be inserted. They must be
handed In ■at either of the. publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ARBOM— In Santa Paula. Cal.. May 1. 1898, to
the wife of Thomas Arbom, a daughter.
BRYANT— Calistoga, May 3, 1898, to the
wife of Arthur Bryant, a daughter.
DEZARN— Ventura. May 1. 1893, to the wife
of Hugh Dezarn, a son.
EMERSON— this city, April 29. IS9S, to the
■ wife of . W. . P. 'Emerson, a daughter. :
LEMBKE— In this city, April 25, 1898, to the
wife of John Lembke, a daughter. .
MADISON— In this city, to the wife of H. 8..
Mad i a son.
OLSON— this city, April 28. 1898. to the wife
of J. Olson, a son.
POTTERTON— Near St. Helena, April 17. 1893.
to the .wife of E. Potterton, a son.
REYNOLDS— this city. May 2. IS9B, to the
wife of H. Reynolds, a daughter.
RUSSELL— In San Jose. Cal.. May 1. MM, to
the wife of Eugene T. Russell, a son.
WAITE— In Nordhoff, Cal.. May 3. 1593, to the
wife of m. E. Walte, a daughter./
; WUTHERICH— May 9, 1838. to the wife of Wil-
Ham G. Wutherlch, : a son. ; .' .- . .
MARRIED.
KIBBE— HARPOLD— Santa Paula, Cal...
. May 2, 1893, by the Rev. J. Gowan, David
Klbbe and Lilly Harpold.
KIMBALL— HORN— In Ventura, May 2. IS9S.
by the Rev. E. S. Chase, W. A. Klmball and ,
Mary . R. Horn. ■
TURNER— O'NEILL— At. St. Mary's Church,
Reno, Nev., - May 7,1898, by the Rev. Father
Reynolds,- Kerin J. Turner - and Ella A.
O'Neill, both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Alcher, Katie A. . Loughran, Thomas
Baker, Francis E. ' McLaughlin, Michael
Braley, Andrew M. Mulhern, Peter
Bruns, Conrad Oakley, Mrs. Albert
Connelly, Michael p'Neill, Thomas
" Conness, Harriet N. Stratton, - William C.
Eaton, Frank E. . Taylor, John .
Haskln, Mrs. M. C. Vahey, Thomas A.
Howell, Margaret " Vidovieh. Marco
Johnston; William Walter," Gustav . •
KroegeV, William G.
AICHER— In this city. May 8. 1898, Katie A.,
beloved daughter ■of Katharina and the late
Franz Aicher, and sister of Olga. Frank and
Gustav A. Aicher, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
• (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1618 Stockton street/between Union
and . Filbert. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery-
BAKER— Woodland. May 6, ; 1898. ' Francis
E. Baker, a native of Michigan, aged 58 years
. 7 months and 3 days.
BRALEY— In Alameda, May 7, 189S, Andrew
M. Braley, a native of Massachusetts, . aged
76 years and 9 months. '-»■•■ .• i
IC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral I this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from 1017 Pierce
street. .' Interment Odd ; Fellows': Cemetery.
BRUNS— In this city. May 8, 1898, Conrad,
dearly beloved husband of Margaretha Bruns,
1 and father of Mrs. John J. Holtermann,
John C. Bruns and Mrs. P. Schultz. a native
of Arbergen, Amt Achini, Hanover, Germany,
aged G3 years 9 months and 7. days. A mem-
ber of Germania Lodge No. 116, I. O. O. F.
ITT'Fripnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 - o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2528 1 Bryant street, near Twenty-
fourth, thence to I. O. O. F. Hall, corner of
Mancet and Seventh streets, where funeral
services will be held under the auspices of
Gennanla Lodee No. 116. I. O. O. F., com-
mencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. .
CONNELLY— this city. May 9, 1898. Michael
Connelly, a native of Ireland, aged 51 years.
CONNESS— In Berkeley, May 9, 1898, Harriet
Newell Conness. wife of John Conness Jr., a
native of Calais, Me., aged 61 years 1 month
and 8 days. V
EATON— In this city. May 8, 1593, Frank E.,
beloved; husband of Pauline S. Eaton, and
father of Stella Eaton, a native of Elgin,
111., aged, 49 years 4 months and 8 days. ■
(E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, . under the auspices of Excelsior
- Lodge No. . 166, F. and A. M. Interment . Ma-
sonic Cemetery-
HASKIN— In Arroyo Grande, May 3, IS9B, Mrs.
Margaret Catherine Haskin, a native of Ohio,
aged 51 years 3 months and 5 days.
HOWELL— this city. May 9, 1898, Margaret,
beloved wife of the late Alfred Howell.- and
mother of James I. and W. F. Howell, Mrs. ,
Annie Sadler; and Mrs. Llllie Stohr, a na-
tive of Wales, England, aged 71 years. JjftjETfljf
it?" Friends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the resi-
'. dence of her son, James I. Howell, 823 Valen-
cia street. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
, tery. '; -. " ' .
JOHNSTON— In Oakland, May 9, 1898, Wil-
liam Henry, beloved ; husband of Katherine
■ Johnston, < and father of William, Mac and
Maude Johnston, a native of Philadelphia,
aged 53 years 2 months and 4 days. !
[C The . funeral services will be held
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at his
late residence,* 541 Twenty-third street, i Oak-
land. Interment private.- Please omit flow-
ers. .. . ... ...
KROEGER —In this city. May 7, 1898, Wil-
liam G., dearly beloved husband of Herminle
Kroeger, and father of Fred E. Kroeger.-. a
native of , Germany, ■' aged 58 years 6 months
and 18 days. J A member of the Mission Turn
Verein. ! •'._'•
*' in?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2522 Bush street, between Baker
" and Lyon. Interment I. O. O. F. . Cemetery. :•■■
LOUGHRAN— this city. May 5, 1898. Thomas,
beloved husband i of Marguerite Loughran,
and father of Blanche, Edward L. and Frank,
P. Loughran, Mrs. John J. O'Farrell and Mrs.
James W. . Garneau, a native of County
Meath, Ireland, aged 62 years. (St. Louis,
Mo., papers -please copy). . , ■ -
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, £24 Turk street, thence to St. i Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
' Mount Calvary Cemetery.' : : ;
Mclaughlin— this city. May 7, 1898,
- Michael, beloved husband of Mary McLaugh-
lin, dearly beloved father of Mrs. .Joseph
■ Hanson, and grandfather of Lillie A. and
Emily M. Hanson, a native of County Gal-
way. ■ Ireland, aged : 56 years. (Boston and
Walla Walla papers please copy). .'
: ID I " Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to . attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
" dence, 2737 Pine street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, where a requiem high mass
J will be held for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery." "'" ' "' ! '
F of A.— the officers and members of Court
Aurora No. 2, F. of A.: You are hereby noti-
fied to attend the funeral of our late brother,
M "s McLaughlin, from his late residence, 2737
Pine street, at 8 o'clock sharp, this day
(Tuesday). , By order y McDE^ TT ft R .
MULHERN— In the City and County Hospital.
May 8. 1898, Peter Mulhern, a native of Eng-
land, aged 41 years. •
OAKLEY— In this city. May 9. 1898, Mrs. Al-
bert Oakley, dearly beloved daughter of Mrs.
G A -Fischer, and sister «f Mrs. L. Hlntze
and Mrs. L. Aaron, a : native of San : Fran-
cisco, aged 31 years 4 months and 24 days. ■•
O'NEILL— In this city. May 7. * 1898, • Thomas,
dearly beloved husband of Mary O -Netll; and
beloved father of William ; R., Thomas J..
Annie B. and Hattie H. O'Neill.- a na-
tive >of Thurles, County Tipperary, Ireland,
* aged 62 years. ■■'.'.
iryFrlends and , acquaintances are, respect-
5 fully Invited to attend the funeral - this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence ' 2215 Devisadero ; street, thence >to ■ St.
Dominic's Church, where : a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
- soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
. Mount Calvary Cemetery. _  . , . : . •
STRATTON— In i Santa ■ Barbara, May 2, IS9S.
William Crappo ' Stratton, a native of ■■ New
j- York. ,
TAYLOR— In San Jose, May 6, IS9B. John Tay-
lor, a native of Australia, aged 45 years. ,-;
VAHEY— In Los Angeles, May 8, 1898, Thomas
A dearly beloved son of Patrick and Han-
- rah Vahey. and brother of John F.. Patrick
H, . Martin, Willie t and the late Michael
Vahey. -a '■ native of ; San ; Francisco, ased ; 13
years. 4 months and. 14 days. ,;■-■_ .;.':' ■-.-,.'.■
- E7*Friend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the un-
dertaking parlors of Valente. Marini & Co.,
1524 Stockton street, . thence to St. :j: j Francis
' Church where , a solemn requiem .; mass'; will
tie held for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
* Cemetery-* '. . <' - 
VIDOVICH— this city, May 8, 1838, Marco,
dearly beloved ■■ husband of Annie Vidovieh,
and father of Annie, Peter and Blase Vido-
vich. a ' native of Prlmoria. Austria, : aged = 04
. years. "■■.■• '■.*■'■■ ■ - ■'■■-;'-'- '' s- ::>-'*':— 'i;
ye ir-7Friends and acquaintances , are respect-
fully Invited to attend the ■ funeral this day
" (Tuesday), at ;1;; 1; o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 270 Brannan street. ■..;..-.;. •; '-..;■, -.f. f "•':■ '.'■
WALTER— At r the . Wai deck Hospital, " May 9,
'•■ 1898 ' Gustav Walter, , president , of the . Walter
" Orpheum • Company, >; and director-general <of
the Orpheum circuit,- aged 50 years. >
.ICTFuneral announcement later. ; . ,-
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, w ;: : I :~:
FUNERAL DIRECTORS i EMBAIiAIEBS I
ill MYTH ST.. : ; Opp. Lincoln Seassi. 1
Telephone, South 80. : .A ' " ', | .
JAB. ENGLISH. ' T. :.\: .\ R. • CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND "k EMBALMER3L v
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 ■ Van Nets "> aye., .' near ■■' Market ' mU, Baa
Francisco. Telephone ' So. lit ■--.»>■ .". i-1. , ."
*■. ■":::.: "'" ' '. : "■- -'"-' .- ■:,... "' "•'"'■ ' •
1112
MILLIONAIRE C. ELWOOD BROWN
SUED FOR BREACH OF PROMISE
One Hundred Thousand Dollars Demanded in the Sensational
Complaint of Mrs. Alta Humphrey, a Shrewd
Chicago Widow. .
Amatory Passages Contained in an Alleged Stack of Sixty Love Letters,
Business-Like Wooing of a Married Man at Long
and Close Range.
A very unwelcome surprise was given
C. Elwood Brown yesterday afternoon
by the filing: of a suit in the United
States Circuit Court against him by
Emmons & Emmons, attorneys, in be
half of Mrs. Alta Humphrey, who de
mands, $100,000 damages for breach o-f
promise. Mr. Brown is rated as a capi
talist, and is known as a mining opera
tor and ranch-owner. He is a married
man. and hence the suit of Mrs.
Humphrey is doubly embarrassing.
Mrs. Humphrey is a widow hailing
from Michigan, but her home has for
the last year or two been in Chicago,
where she has been carrying on a real
estate and general commission busi
ness, more especially in the handling of
mining stocks. Her husband died about
C. ELWOOD BROWN.
twelve years agr>, leaving her in com
fortable circumstances, and she has by
shrewd trading and good investments
considerably increased her estate. She
is rather an attractive brunette, is 33
years of age, and mother of a son and
daughter.
It was through a mining advertise
ment that Mr. Brown and the Widow
Humphrey became acquainted at long
range by correspondence — he in San
Francisco and she in Chicago. Later on
they met in the latter city. A stack of
over sixty letters written by Mr. Brown
will be produced in evidence, and it is
Intimated that they will make very in
teresting reading. The correspondence
opened in February of last year regard
ing the selling of stock of the Gowamis
Mining Company. A few weeks later
Mr. Brown mingled affection with busi
ness.
"I sat for a photo for you to-day," he
wrote her on May 10. Incidentally he
told her he did not know how much he
was worth. He said that he owned
several ranches, mines, etc., the latter
Including one and a half miles of ledge
on the mother lode in Amador County,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IABYCfIVEREO
WITH
SORES & SCALES
Could Not Tell What She Looked
Like. Got Worse with Doctor's
Medicine. Could Not Sleep
From Intense Itching.
CURED IN ONE MONTH BY CUTICURA
When my baby was four months old her
Skin broke out, and I thought it was ring-
worm. I took her to a. doctor and he said it
_ was Eczema. ,- He gavo me medicine to give
her, but she kept getting worse all the time,
' and you could not tell what she looked like,
her little face and hands were so covered with
sores and large scales. It got under her little
finger nails. She was the worst looking sight
I ever saw. I heard of Cuticuba Remedies,
so I thought I would try lh<»m. Before I tried
them we got no rest at night. She could not
sleep it itched so. After I gave her Cuticuba
Resolvent, / saw a change in a week. It
commenced to dry all up and she would sleep
all night, and when it was drying up the skin
all cracked open, so then I got Concoiu.(oint-
ment) and Cutiodka Soap, and in one month
the had not one tore on her face, and I don't
think it is any more than justice to let you
know what it has done for my baby. She now
is fifteen months old and has got beautiful'
skin. She doesn't even have a pimple of any
kind, and she is as fat as pudding. '
March 7, 1398. Mrs. MARY SANDERS, *
709 Spring St., Camden, N. J.
CoTlctntA Remit cure erfry humor of theikln and
*c*lp of infancy and childhood,* whether torturing, dla-
flcorlnr, Itchlnr, Durninz. scaly, crusted, pimply, or
blotchy, with loss of hair,' and erery Impurity of the
blood, whether simple, scrofulous, or hereditary, when the
but physicians and all other remedies fail. ■ .
Spbidt Ccbb Tbeatmekt fob Torrraiwo. Drsno-
cm. Ui'Moits. with Loasor Hair.— Warm baths with
CtTicritA 80AP,jronUeano:ntin«r«with Ccticdba. pnreat j
of emollient akin cures, and mild doses of Cuticcba .'
Kisoltcvt. greatest of blood purifiers and humor cures.
Sold throughout th» world. Pottkb Dbco akd Chbk.
Coir., Sol* Piops.. Boston. --■• ■ :
-•» .« BvVto onr*Bat)7'tTartcrißaBklnDlietHt,''ff*».
which "may be worth $2,000,000 and may
be worth $200,000,000. or even more."
May 12 he enclosed his picture in a
letter to the widow, in which he- asked
her, "Do you live at a hotel or with
friends in Chicago, and can we be by
ourselves much of the time when I go
there?"
In June — the month of roses — he wrote
her that he "felt a deep and affection
ate interest in her," and hoped to see
her next month. A few days later he
indulged in this little outburst in his
amatory correspondence: '"I dare say
we could learn to love each other
dearly. I carry your little picture with
me when I go into the country, and
when lonely I study it." He asks her
to tell him truly whether she has an
other lover, as he has not heard from
her as frequently as usual. He desires
an answer to this leading question.
MRS. ALTA HUMPHREY.
C. EL WOOD BROWN, the well-known capitalist and mining man, has
been sued for breach of promise of marriage by Mrs. Alta
Humphrey, a pretty brunette of Chicago, who is also a widow
of determined and business-like habits. She says she has scores
of racy letters from her erstwhile adorer, and thinks $100,000
would be a fitting balm for her outraged feelings. Mr. Brown,
who is a married man, is not saying much.
"I may as well know it," he says, "and
save making a wild goose chase."
The widow, In anticipation of Mr.
Brown's visit to Chicago, had admon- j
Ished him not to expect too much of ;
of her, to which he is said
to have written in .reply: "What j
I know of you I admire, and I see no j
reason why we can't grow fond of j
each other. You say you are not beau- j
tiful, for which I am heartily thankful, i
We have beautiful 'women' enough |
here, but one can't trust them (as a !
rule) across the street." Mr. Brown
then refers to the case of Mrs. Brad
bury, whom he scores for running i
away from her elegant Los Angeles j
home with "a good-for-nothing Eng- I
lishman." "We ought to tar and feath
er him," he writes, "and spank her.
She is a typical Native Daughter."
Again he assures the widow of his re- i
Bponsibility, telling her that he values |
his holdings in lands and mining prop- I
erty at several million dollars.
Mr. Brown went to Chicago in July
and remained there about a month,
during which period it is al
leged he was frequently in the
society of Mrs. Humphrey, of
whom he became very fond, and ac
cording to the widow's story proposed
marriage and was accepted. At the
same time that Brown was making love
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 10, 1898.
he was also full of business and mak
ing money. He sold Mrs. Humphrey
stock of the Gowanus Mining Company
to the extent of 5200, agreeing later
on, in a letter, to repurchase it and
pay her 7 per cent interest, if she be
came dissatisfied with her investment
or could not dispose of it.
Returning to San Francisco Mr.
Brown continued to correspond with
Mrs. Humphrey, who, however, one day
suspected that there was something
queer in his transactions with her.
She noticed that the signature on the
Gowanus certificate of stock was "C.
Elwood Brown," while the name signed
to the letters was "Cryil Brown," but
the handwriting being the same. Brown
explained the discrepancy by stating
that C. Elwood Brown was his cousin.
The day for the marriage came, but
Mr. Brown, it is said, failed
to appear in the role of the
bridegroom. The disappointed widow
wrapped herself in a robe of
g-loom and would not be consoled with
the excuse that Mr. Brown was pre
vented from keeping his engagement
by press of important business mat
ters. She offered to come to San Fran
cisco to have the nuptials performed,
but Mr. Brown put her off from time
to time. Mrs. Humphrey's suspicions
and wrath were at last fully aroused
and patience having ceased to be a
virtue she consulted a firm of Chicago
lawyers, who instituted an investiga
tion through Emmons & Emmons of
this city. It was learned that Cyril
Brown and C. El wood Brown were one
and the same person: that he was a
man of wealth and married, his resi
dence being 3201 Pacific avenue, where
h^ lives in elegant style. He waa iden
tified by his -photograph, which the de
ceived widow had forwarded.
Mrs. Humphrey arrived in San Fran
cisco early last week and went Into
hiding, her residence being known only
to her lawyers. A day or two lat^r suit
was brought in Justice Groesinger's
court against Brown to recover $219 20
on tho mining stock investment. The
nfxt step was the filing of the damage
suit for breach of promise. In her com
plaint Mrs. Humphrey alleges that she
was utterly ignorant of the fact that
Brown was a married man until the
month of April. IS9B. It was on the 9th
of August, 1897. she states, that Brown
contracted to make her his wife.
Judge Morrow Indignant.
Another step was taken In the Circuit
Court yesterday morning in the tedious
litigation In which the Woodbridge Canal
and Irrigation Company is interested.
Judge Morrow announced to the attor
neys and all others having interests in
the case that on Monday next he would
!ix an upst-t price for the property and
that there should be no further delay to
the sale. Judge Morrow refused to allow
the receiver to put in a bid for his fees
and costs, and remarked that it was a
Hhame and a scandal that the property
could not be disposed of. He aid not pro
pose to allow the property to be sold for
a song, and on Monday next he would
designate the price for which it should be
sold. The litigation has been in progress
for the past four years.
Sierra Bailway Company of Cali-
foria.
The new time card of the Sierra
Railway Company of California, will be
come effective Sunday, May 15. Two
daily passenger trains will be run In
each direction instead of one, as for
merly. One of the trains, each direc
tion dally, will have Pullman buffet
sleeping cars attached, which is a new
experiment for the company. The
line Is in full operation between Oak
land and Jameston, and Is having a
rapidly increasing growth of traffic.
READY TO SAIL
ON SATURDAY
The City of Peking Ar
rives and Will Prepare
to Go to Manila.
Officers of th© Vessel Delighted
"With the Duty of Con
veying Troops.
When She Left Hongkong Prepara
tions for War Wern Being Made
by the United State* Fleot.
The Pacific Mall Steamship Company's
steamer the City of Peking, which is
to be used as a transport ship to con
vey troops and supplies to Admiral
Dewey In the Philippines, reached port
last evening and anchored off Angel
Island. She was boarded by Deputy Sur
veyor of the Port Chauncey St. John,
who extended the courtesies of the port
to the vessel, and did everything In his
power to expedite the clearing of the
ship so that she might be docked as
early as possible. Quarantine Officer
Rosenau, acting under instructions from
Washington, was more lenient than usual
in his examination, and as soon as the
steerage passengers were landed on the
island, the Peking was allowed to dock,
which she reached about 9:30.
The first news of the war was received
by the passengers when the pilot board
! Ed the vessel, but when she left Hong
kong it was expected that fighting would
begin at any time. Shortly before her
departure from there, the authorities at
Washington were cabled that in the event
of war vessels would be needed by the
squadron, and the reauest was made
that the Peking be held at that port.
The reply was that the Peking might
be of more service in the United States
than Hongkong, and that if vessels were
needed by the squadron there were some
already there which could be bought.
Acting on these instructions two Brit
ish ships were purchased. One is a coal
ship loaded with 3500 tons, and was an
chored just astern of the squadron. The
ether is to be used as a storeshtp, and
into it were placed a number of extra
s-pars and boats. When the Peking sailed
Dewey was making preparation* for
war. All the vessels had on their fight
ing paint, the decks had been cleared to
a certain extent, and orders to move
were expected any moment.
The fact that the Government intimated I
that the Peking would be of use here
was enough of a hint to the officers that
she might be used in some capacity, but
Captain Smith knew nothing of the use
to which she would be put until he
reached here. He received notification !
i from the company that the vessel had ]
i been chartered by the Government, and |
I while he claimed that he did not know
whether he was to gr> with the vessel, it i
is generally believed by the officers j
aboard her that the majority of them will i
be reined, and all are anxious to go i
with the troops. Captain Smith says that !
his vessel will be in shape to leave for '
the Philippines by Saturday, if not sooner.
The freight will all be out by Wednes- j
day at the latest, and then, after going i
into drydock for twenty-four hours to be !
relieved of some of her foulness, she will j
be in condition to enter the Government
service.
W. O. Barker, the freight clerk of the
Peking, when asked to make an estimate
on the number of troops and amount of !
freight the vessel could carry, said: "The j
Peking is licensed to carry SOO steerage '
passengers, and can accommodate 100
cabin at present. If fitted up as a troop !
ship she ought easily to accommodate 3000 :
men am] carry 2500 tons of freight be- i
sides." It is rumored that the Peking will i
leave on Saturday under convoy of the ;
Charleston, and this rumor is believed by :
the officers of the vessel.
The steamship was a day overdue when !
she arrived last night, arid the cause of
the delay was heavy head winds en
countered. There were no severe jfales,
but the wind was dead against the ship |
all the way over. Officers on board say
that never before in their experience have
they known of a voyage in which the wind
was dead ahead throughout a trip. The
passenger lint this trip was the largest
the Peking has ever had, there being
seventy-four cabin and 500 steerage pas
sengers. Two hundred of the latter were
left at Honolulu.
Amonjr the cabin passenferss were two
captains and nine lieutenants of the Ja
panese navy. They are here to tako back
two cruisers, which are being built in 'his
country. One of them is the Chitoso,
DONS THE GLORY OF GOLD BRAID.
Detective Seymour Promoted by the Commis
sioners to a Police Captaincy.
The Police Commissioners last night promoted Detective John Seymour to
the position of captain of police, caused by the resignation of Captain Robin
son. He will continue to act as detective until July 1, when Captain of Detec
tives Bohen, who has grown old in the service, will be retired on a pension.
Seymour will then assume the duties of the head of the Detective De
partment.
The new captain is one of the most popular men in the department. Always
affable and kind, he has endeared himself to every member of the police force.
He has had a wide experience as a detective, and will, no doubt, prove himself
worthy of the trust reposed in him.
Seymour wav born in New York on March 1, 1553. He was appointed a
member of the police force in 1884, and a few years later ex-Chief Crowley,
realizing his worth, made him corporal. He was assigned to Captain Spillane's
division, and made an enviable record. He was appointed a detective on May
1. 1892. Since then Seymour has made a number of important captures. He
was mainly instrumental in fastening the murder of Blanche Lamont on Theo
dore Durmnt, who has since been executed. Se3 - mour subsequently arrested
Hoff, the brutal murderer of Mrs. Clute Through his detective skill the sus
pected murderer was convicted of the crime, and will be hanged on June 6. The
new captain also figured in the arrest of a number of daring bank robbers, prin
cipal among whom were Becker and Creegan.
GRAND JURY
DISCHARGED
Judge Belcher Says They
Have Failed to Indict
Big Game.
The Jurors Say They Were Just
Getting Ready to File Indict
ments That Would Have
Made Rome Howl.
Judge Belcher yesterday peremp
torily commanded the Grand Jury to
come Into court and be discharged for
"Inefficiency and general inability to
reach affirmative action" on such
public scandals as the Harbor Com
missioners' steal, the School Eoard's
rottenness and other matters of equal
importance.
The following are the citizens who
have been on the Grand Jury since De
cember, whose worth as an indicting
body has been questioned, and whose
services are to be dispensed with.
Some of them are very angry and say
they did not have a fair chance and
that they were about to file indict
ments that would nave made Rome
howl: Albert Geberding, Arthur F.
Price, WMiam J. Bryan, Henry Mayer,
John D. Daly, John Corbett, Arthur
W. Spear, A. H. Menne, Emile Bauer,
H. M. Wreden, Aleck B. Truman, E. H.
Eigeltinger, W. H. Thornley, Solomon
Kampe, James H. O'Brien, Thomas R.
Horton, Charles G. Clinch, H. A.
Hedger and R. H. Warfield.
"We were in session and were ex
amining witnesses and just getting to
daylight on the school scandal," said a
juror last night, "when we got the
letter asking us to come into court on
Thursday and be discharged. We quit
business disgusted at once. We have
found more indictments than most any
Grand Jury they ever had, and were
probing deep down into the harbor
scandal and the school question, as
well as into the Pavilion accident and
! which was launched from the Union Iron
Works some time ago, and the otner is
being built in Philadelphia. They expect
to be ready by September, whin they wfil
be taken to Japan by the officers who ar
! rived last night. Rear-Admiral Miller and
1 Lieutenants Rodgers and Andrews of his
' staff were also passengers, who were
! much interested in the news of the naval
j battle at Manila.
Miss Catherine Noack, a tourist,- vho
i was a passenger on the Peking, died of
; heart disease just before the vessel
reached Honolulu, and she was buried at
! that port. She had been ill before she
started on the trip, and had been warned
not to attempt the voyage, but messages
I from relatives in Germany influenced her
j to risk the passage.
But two vessels were sighted by the Fe
king during her voyage. One was the Ga
; lllee which was met on the 3d inst. Tne
i other was a bark, whose name was not
I learned. Captain Smith signaled her ask
' ing if there was war or peace in the
i I'nued States, but received no reply,
i probably because the vessel had no sig
j nal flags.
The cabin passengers were:
J McD Carrington, X. B. Knight. Mr. and
Mrs. Haruch. Admiral Miller. V. S. N. ; G. yon
Bergen, Lieutenant Rogers. V. S. N. ; Rev. J.
M Foster. Lieutenant Andrews. U. S. N. ;
Lieutenant S. Hirabe, I. J. X. ; Lieutenant M.
Okumonulja. I. J. N.; Lieutenant H. Hirao,
I J X. : Lieutenant M. Trouchi, I. J. X. ;
Colonel M. Churchill. Captain K. Sakuray, I.
J. X. ; Count and Countess Poninski L. L..
Long, H. H. Sands, Captain X. Kashiwabara,
I. J. X.: Lieutenant R. Kamao, I. J. X.; Miss
J. 8. Sam'.s, MIM Pratt. Mr. and Mrs. H. S.
Holcomb, Dr. and Mrs. J. L. yon Sohoick. A.
Q. Center, J. A. Rumrill, Mr. and Mrs. C. G.
Cozine, Miss Xorrie, Colonel and Mrs. Temple,
Mrs. .1. X. Hayes and four children, Lieutenant
J. I'shida. I. J. X. ; Lieutenant K. Inouohl, X.
J. X.: Luther X. Hayes. Mrs. E. Htrshberg.
Dr. D. G. Walters, Miss Rumrill, Mrs. Coburn,
the Widber affair, but this letter set
tled it all. Judges generally consult
with the Jury and act more in unison
with it. This was a strange way to do
with us."
Judge Belcher said last night: "I
am willing to continue any jury that
is likely to do anything, but this body
is torn to pieces by internecine wars.
Assistant District Attorney Dunne,
who has the Grand Jury in charge,
told me this morning that there was
not the slightest chance that they
would be able to reach affirmative ac
tion on anything of importance. Fore
man Gerberding corroborated the
statement, as did Secretary Price and
Mr. Truman. Only a few weeks ago
they had resolutions up wherein they
asked to be discharged. So I decided it
was time to get rid of a jury that had
been working so long without being
able to negotiate business on matters
that are of grave importance. I had
intended to get in a new Jury that
might be able to agree, but if these
people can agree on things of vital in
terest they can go ahead. By the way,
why did they quit last night? If they
are really able to indict or to agree
why do they need more time than un
til Thursday? The - can do a great
deal in the next three days. I acted
for what I thought was best in <he cir-
Some of the jurors, when told what
Judge Belcher said, stated that they
would have been glad had he called
and discussed matters. They agreed
that their foreman served unwillingly
and looked upon the proceedings as a
farce.
Mrs. T. Hyde Thomas, Mrs. G. McTntosh and
two children, F. Kallenberg, Judpe and Mrs.
AVidemann, A. Fabbia, C. E. Cushing. E. L.
Prior. Miss Elsie Adair, F. B. Sheridan, H.
Kurahashi. T. J. Xaklgawa, Mr. and Mrs.
Lar.dor, C. yon Hamm, J. L. Travis. Miss
Edna yon Schoick, C. P.osse, Allen Herbert,
Dr. A. Dittmar and F. yon Schoick.
ADMIRAL MILLER HERE.
Pleased. That the Baltimore
Won Laurels Off Manila.
"From my knowledge of the ship and
the crew I knew that wherever the battle
raged the hottest there the Baltimore
would be in the thick of it," was Rear
Admiral Miller's remark last night, when
he heard of the Spanish defeat in Manila
harbor.
Admiral Miller and his personal staff
arrived from Honolulu on the City of Pe
king last night, and the first report they
received of Dewey's victory was from the
pilot who boarded the steamer off the
Farallones. "When we left Honolulu,"
said he, "we had not the faintest idea
that war had been declared. When the
Baltimore sailed for Hongkong everybody
on her expected to be in a tight before
many moons, but I did not expect to hear
that the tight was all over when I reach
ed here. The cruiser had a splendid crew
and every man on her was eager to strike
a blow for the colors.
"The training ship Mohican sailed for
home on April 29, but as she will come
up under sail the greater part of the
way I do not expect to see her here for
some days to come. My own destination
I do not know, as I have not received my
dispatches. All 1 know is that I was di
rected to come to San Francisco, and here
I am.
"The Hawaiian Islands are in no danger
nor would they have been had they been
a part of the United States."
Two hours after the Mohican left port
considerable excitement was created in
Honolulu, when the Diamond Head look
out reported that she had come to anchor
in Weialae Bay. More excitement was
created two hours later, when it was re
ported that she had pulled or had drifted
so far into the bay that she could no
longer be seen from the signal station.
Fears were at once created that she
might have drifted upon the rocks and
become a loss. Those fears, however,
were allayed when no boats were . put
ashore nor signals given. This was ac
cepted on the Bennington as conclusive
that her machinery had broken down and
she had simply come to anchor until re
pairs were made.
In the afternoon she resumed her voy
age without having any communication
with the shore.
PILAR-MORIN
IN PANTOMIME
Poetry in Acting of Its Own
Kind at the Baldwin
Theater.
effries Appears at tha Grand Opera
House and Sharkey at the
Columbia.
Every master of his art makes his ex
pression of it a revelation to his audience.
Lnul you have seen Pilar-Morin the
word pantomime must fail to bring be
fore you the mental picture that fits this*
' ADVEBTISEMENT3. .
7*|j| NO PAY
vi^RWor Services Till Cured.
• 'fffipffi^' <Wsegfc •' DR. SOPER guarantees to cure every case he accepts
msSk ii^iiisit*^-^ * or the price quoted below, including all medicines.
The service fee need not be paid until a cure is
Catarrh ' ...$2O 00 | Piles ...................... J2O 00 Kidney Diseases .........CO 00
rniPurnatVsm''"'"'"" 20 00 Paralysis .................. 60 00 . Nervous Debility ......... 20 00
Neur^la ?..::::::::::;::: 20 00 ! Skin Diseases ............. 2000. Syphilis .. .................^ 30 00
Sciatica .20 00 Diabetes 25 00 Varicocele ..........20 00
K-wtiiia '■•■■■"•••■■■■ r3O 00 Ulcers (chr0nic)........... 40 00 Stricture .................. 30 00
J! B ,C .••••••!"••••••••;;; 25 00 Bladder Diseases ..;;...^2O 00 Rapture ...... ....;...;.-.... 40 00
i™, '""•"■"" *20 00 Bronchitis ■... r.".T. ."..:.'..';. 20 00 Loss. of Manhood .;...;;. 20 00
tE«l^:l^ ! I8E5S S S^:::::::: 58 oeTrhr..:::::::::::::::o eT rh r..::::::::::::::: S %
TwUv ' ."•.•••••"•:•_•; 30 00 Goitre or Thick Neck.... 30 00 i Prostatic Diseases ....... 20 «0
-nv^neD9la : """""v":".""15 00 | Salt Rheum ;.::....:. ..:.,25 00 | Tumors .......i.JSO to 1200
Deafness :."'K.;v:!!!I"! SO CO I Britrht's Disease?. ..r.V. ..4o 00, | ; Cancer ....■......:... 573 to $250
• -if Incurable 'you -will be told so. thus saving you time and money. v\ , ; /.r
• T\f V V who are Nervous. Despondent. Diseased and • Weak from » early indiscretion and cxc ess
In ■ life 1 readllv restored by the Neutralizing System.- 1 DISK ASKS ; OF WOM.KN treated by aa
entirely, new,^l^^^^^^i^^^^^^^^^.^^^^ stami> f or I refcly. ':
Hours 10 to 12 A. M.. ato 6 and 7 to BP. M.; Sundays 10 to 12 Jl. m.
DR. A. SOPER'S SANITARIUM, 524 TAYLOR ST., «i. e S2£&*i
exquisite little artist. It Is pantomime
shorn of its buffoonery, of its exagger
ated grotesqueness. It is mute, but infin
itely expressive action. One finds himself
Crying to fit words to this poetry of act
ing and one gives it i 1i 1 - in despair at
length; despair of imagining sentences
that shall not weigh upon the wings and
drag down this butterfly of art, this in
tangible, tragic, poetic thing that is Pilar-
Morin in pantomime.
Words really are unnecessary. There is
but one accompaniment that could do
anything but spoil it and that is music
Lachaume's overture is the melodied ver
sion of the tragedy of Sui-Nina, the Japa
nese Empress, whom the law doomed to
self-inflicted death when her lord should
die. Fine and trade in an Oriental minor,
characteristic of the shrill, insistent
twang and the deep, rhythmic bass of the
East is Lachaume's music; and it ac
companies the action of the short trag
edy so closely, so fittingly that from ad
miring it at first, one gradually loses con
sciousness of it. It has become part of the
play itself.
Pilar-Morin is lovely: lovely when she
Is coy, but shows her beautiful white
teeth in a smile for the young Prince;
lovely v.i.en she falls in love with her
own bewitching self clothed In the Em
press' finery; lovely when her wonder
fully expressive 'ace shows the horror
of death in it and shuddering relief whan
the brave Sui-Nina comes back to re
sume her identity and pay the penalty
of Empress-ship. It Is marvelously In
teresting to watch Adzume when the
Empress returns. Two deaths instead of
one are being enacted In that quaint old
Japanese chamber; for the musmee has
contemplated the death the Empress
now Inflicts upon herself. Every fear,
every pang, every anticipated agony la
reflected in her beautiful face, and when
ai the culminating moment the .'Empress
stabs herself, the little dancing girl who
so nearly met death in her stead, lifts
the hem of the satin robe and touches
it to her lips. There is art in that ges-
And therb Is art In the whole produo
tion. It is strong in details. Mile. Ser
erine is a tragic actress of no small abil
ity. Edmond Morin makes the part of
the young Prince very pathetic, very
true and touching with the simples sin
cerity of his acting. There is not a jar
ring note in the whole dumb miniature—
for that is what it seems to one; a
classically quaint drama enacted in a
charming setting behind glass, which
prevents one's hearing what is said and
also diminishes the figures and the emo
tions — though the passions, the fear of
death is life-size, thanks to the art of
these clever. Frenchwomen.
Scheel's orchestra precedes the panto
mime in a short programme. It appealed
irresistibly to the feet of the audience
with the Strauss waltz, and it captured
their hearts with the "Star-spangled
Banner" interpolated into Saint-Saens'
Henry VIII. The whole house rose to the
entrance of the clans, translated Into
Yankee melody. Pietro Marino played
Wieniawski's "Polonaise" delicateiy and
gracefully. When to this Marino shall
add the qualities of force and fire he'll
play that beautiful polonaise as Its au
thor might have done.
Biit it Isn't the memory of the muslo
that lingers with you when the Baldwin*
empty. It's the expression on Pilar-
Morin's face; it's the gentle love or the
awful fear in her eyes; it's the light or
the immobile horror in her features; lt'»
the grace of her quaint dance or the col
lapse of the little figure as it lies in a
gayly dressed, tragic heap upon the floor.
MIRIAM MICHELSON.
The Passion Play.
"The Passion Play" continues to attract
splendid attendance at the Baldwin Thea
ter e^ery afternoon. The reproduction of the
play exactly as it is given at Oberammer
gau every ten years proves immensely
interesting, as it is placed before the audi
tor in a most inviting manner. The ac
companying music and lectures are cap
itally rendered and add attractiveness
to the various scenes of the play, as they
i are thrown upon the immense screen.
Every point of the performance, as it is
given by the peasants in the mountains
of Horwitz. is vividly presented and the
action is rapid and continuous. The pic
tures which seem to arouse most enthu
siasm are those representing "The Flight
to Egypt." 'The Last Supper." "The "Way
of the Cross." "The Crucifixion" and
"The Resurrection." although not one of
the thirty odd fails to find favor. "The
Passion Play" will be continued daily at
the Baldwin! except Saturday, at 3 o'clock,
and in order to allow many who are un
able to attend the matinees an opportu
nity of seeing the play, arrangements .axe
being completed for the presentation of
the work on some evening in the near fu
ture.
At the Grand.
Frank London, in his own romantlo
drama, "Prisoners of Algiers," drew a
large attendance to the Grand Opera
house last night. Between the second and
third acts James J. Jeffries, introduced
as "the champion of England, Australia
and California," boxed three lively rounds
with his brother Jack. It was a give-and
take affair from the call of time, and de
lighted the hearts of the gallery gods.
"The Prisoners of Algiers" is a sequel
to "Monte Cristo," in a prologue and
four acts, and deals principally with the
fortunes of Captain Albert, son of Ed
mund Dantes, Count of Monte Cristo.
The oast was a strong one, and several
recalls were insisted upon during the
course of the play. Frank Lindon. as
Edmond Dantes in the prologue and Cap
tain Albert in the drama, carried off the
honors in company with George M. Hayes
as Colonel Danglars. The comedy part of
the play was well taken care of by Mau
rice Stewart as Corporal McKenna; and
as Eugenic Danglars Miss Maud Edna
Hall received a warm welcome back to
the Grand Opera-house. A cordial word
of praise Is due Landers Stevens for his
well-studied presentation of Benedetto
and Leslie Morosco fnr his handling of
the character of Maxamilian Morell.
"Prisoners of Algiers" should crowd the
Grand Opera-house throughout the week.
Alcazar.
Miss Gertrude Foster won the approval
of a large and critical gathering of first
nighters at the Alcazar last evening by
her graceful and clever rendering of
"Niobe." She instilled life and animation
Into this difficult part, retaining through
out a natural grace of manner that
charmed every one.
The return of the favorites Wright
Huntington and Miss Kingsley from their
southern tour resulted in their receiYln*
an ovation and a large assortment of
flowers, which were showered on them by
a host of admirers. Huntingtons natural
acting as Corney helped to add fuel to
the fire of humor that pervades the com
edy. Miss Kjngsley did good work as
Hattie Stockwell was in his element as
Petravus and kept the audience in a hys
terical condition by his excellent comedy
work Mrs. Bates, as the strong-minded
but interfering sister, caused shivers to
wn down the backs of the audience. She
was at her best and made things lively
for those who came in contact with her
rtiirine- the Play. The other members of
the gave strong -support, and if
last nielit's crowd is a criterion of the
popularity of the comedy the theater will
be packed nightly^
San Francisco Orphanage.
The annual mee..nK of the directors of
the San Francisco Orphanage will take
nlaoe to-morrow at 10:30 a, m. at San Ra
fael The manap.-mont suprpests that
those wishing to attend take the 9:30 a. m.
narrow-gauge boat.