The San Francisco Call
VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 50.
BLOWN INTO ATOMS BY
A FIENDISH MONGOLIAN
SEVEN DEAD IN
THE STUPENDOUS
MELROSE TRAGEDY
Five Gallant Officers Lay Down
Their Lives in the Heroic
Prosecution of Duty.
KILLED.
Deputy Sheriffs Charles White and
J. J. Lerri of Oakland, D. C. Cameron \
of Alyarado, George C. Woodsum !
of Berkeley, Constable Gus Koch, of
Melrose. Mrs. Sadie Hill of San Fran
cisco and Dong Ng Chang.
WOUNDED.
Deputy Sheriffs Edward White and
Frederick Sherrott of Oakland, Perry
Wilson and George Gibblin of Mel
rose and Mrs. E. E. McLean of Fru.it
vaJe.
With a Lerrific roar, shaking
the eastward hills, an acre of
flame shot upward to the sky,
bearing away on its fiery wings
the souls of seven human beings
crashing into splinters the
quiet suburban hamlet of fair
Melr >se.
This terror, which startled peo
ple from their beds at yesterday's
dawn and lashed with sorrow the
hearts of loving wives and chil
dren, fathers and mothers, broth
.nd sisters, this most desper
ate deed of a hundred years, was
the work of a Chinese murderer,
. seeing the n<ose dangling
before his eyes for a most cruel
crime, took refuge in a powder
magazine and hurled himself and
his would-be captors into eter
nity.
In San Francisco, more than
eleven miles away, with six miles
of water to be traversed, the re
port was heard and the sharp
shock and tremor of the earth
wns felt by thousands of persons
awakened suddenly f)ut of a
sound sleep. In San Jose, more
than forty miles distant, the
shock was so palpable that the
impression became general that
there had been an earthquake.
The little brick magazine in
which the murderer held the offi
cers of the law at bay for a whole
night, contained 5000 pounds of
black powder. Dong Kg Chang
had been employed for many
years by the Western Fuse and
Explosive Company, and his par
ticular duty had been to take care
r.f the building which held locked
within its thin brick walls the fet
tered power of a volcano. He
knew where he was going when
he fled to it. He knew that once j
under its roof he could hold an j
army at. bay. Having resolved
not to be captured alive, he was
ready for the inevitable and did
not shrink from his hellish task
nor falter when the time for ac
tion arrived.
Every house within a radius of
roo yards was shattered as
though with shot and shell.
Shingle roofs, broken and bent,
THE CALL FIRST
WITH THE NEWS.
Eti When the shock of tbe explosion which startled the people of
' San Francisco yesterday morning reached The Call office the con
clusion was at once arrived at that the Chinese murderer near
•J Frnitvale had carried out his threat, and within ten minutes a re-
porter was on his way to the scene, and before 7 o'clock printers
were setting the type on the story which was first presented to the
E people of this city through The Call extra issued at 7:3o— just two
£ hours after the
1 The promptness with which this news was handled and the
rapidity with which it was gathered and placed before the read-
X ing public is only possible in those newspaper offices which are
thoroughly up to date in all respects, and for this reason The Call
was the only paper which was able to give the news yesterday
■ morning.
i-B -■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-»-■ -«-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-
hung over the splintered walls.
Small dwellings were razed and
what was left of their timbers was
consumed by the whirlwind of
flame that burst forth with the
explosion.
Within a radius of 200 yards
windows were blown in and the
glass driven into the plaster like
hail. Chimneys fell to pieces and
rolled noisily down the pitch
roofs; plastering fell in sections
a yard in diameter. There were
many pretty cottage homes
around Melrose on Monday with
pleasant garden patches odorous
with flowers, but Tuesday's sun
shone upon heaps of broken
wood and black ashes where once
sweet roses bloomed.
The Melrose public school, the
pride of the village, stood ioo
SAX FRAN CISCO, WEDNESDAY, JULY 20. 1898.
yards from the magazine and was
damaged almost beyond repair.
The plaster lay in chalky heaps
on the floor and the walls were
skeletons with ribs of lath. A
throng of little children stood
around the building yesterday
and gazed upon the wreck with
tearful eyes.
Camp Barrett, distant 250
yards, was convulsed with the
shock. Sentries were thrown off
their feet and tents were broken
down with a shower of bricks,
splinters and bits of corrugated
iron sheeting. But fortune fa
vored the village of white tents,
for no one was hurt.
Oriental fatalism is responsible
indirectly for the destruction
wrought upon property and for
the wanton killing of six persons
and the suicide of the criminal.
As the lighting of a match to a
train of powder, so was the cause
of the bloody deed in its appar
ent triviality. The match was a
25-cent lottery ticket, the train of
powder was the evil passion and
blind rage of one who had been
bred in the hopeless fatalism of
the Orient.
Chang had purchased the tic
ket from Hong Hi Sing, a butch
!er doing business in the neigh
borhood. He conceived the idea
;that the ticket had won $100 in
i the drawing, and he demanded
ithe money. Sing assured him
: that the ticket had not drawn a
i prize, but Chang, whose suspi
icions had been stimulated by
greed, refused to believe him.
His rage grew until it overpow
ered him, and would not be ap
peased save by a blood offering,
and Chang, after hacking his vic
i tim with a hatchet, shot him in
■ the abdomen with a bullet from a
! bulldog pistol.
The tragedy took place outside
the door of Chang's cabin, about
twenty yards from the magazine.
Leaving his victim writhing on
the ground, the murderer took
I matches and his pistol with him
(and in the heat of his madness re
solved that he would not allow
himself to fall into the hands of
the law officers. The details of
the melancholy affair show that
his first intention was to escape
during the night, but finding
himself so closely guarded as to
make that design impossible of
accomplishment, he made up his
mind to die.
Like all other fatalists, he re
flected that a man can die but
once. He knew that if he were
captured he would be hanged or
imprisoned for life, either of
which punishment he was deter
mined not to undergo. As the
night grew apace, with the hope
of escape dwindling away before
the increased vigilance of his
guards, he saw that he was fated.
Fated for what? To keep his word
that if an attempt should be made
to capture him he would blow up
the magazine. He was there and
he could not get out. It was
evident that his course was run.
Beyond this assumed fact his nar
row' mind could not go. There
was no room in his breast for the
innocent who would suffer for his
act, the women who would be
widowed, the children who would
be made fatherless. It was de
creed, so he reasoned, that the
officers of the law should die with
him, and when he had lured them
closer to the ambushed demon he
turned the monster loose and
tore them and himself into atoms.
There can be no question that
the officers were over-confident
and imprudent. Had they not
kept so close a , guard, had they
gone out of sight and allowed the
murderer to have escaped from
the building and from the
grounds there would have been
no mourning hearts in Alameda
County to-day.
But the strangest chapter in
the story is that when Chang
asked for a drink of water in the
night Charles White, one of his
victims, would not listen to the
proposition to drug the water
with morphine. His misplaced
idea of humanity cost him and his
brave companions their lives.
FATAL NIGHT WATCH.
With the Dawn the Officers
Became Imprudent and
Lo^-t Their Lives.
"When Alameda County was rudely
awakened shortly after 5 o'clock yes
terday morning by a tremendous ex
plosion every one acquainted with the
facts of last Monday night's murder
knew that the assassir must have car
ried out his threat and blown up the
powder house in which he was taking
refuge from the officers of the law.
No one, however, was prepared for
the tragic news that quickly succeeded
the report of the explosion. Rather
than submit to arrest Gung Chang
fired 5000 pounds of black powder, in
stantly killing Deputy Sheriff Charles
White, Constable Cus Koch, Deputy
Sheriff George C. Woodsum of Berke
ley, Deputy Sheriff D. C. Cameron of
Alvarado, Deputy Sheriff J. J. Lerri
and an aged lady, Mrs. Sadie
Hill, of San Francisco Kings Daugh
UNPARALLELED ACT
OF A REVENGEFUL
CHINESE DEMON
After Murdering a Countryman He
Hid in a Magazine and Blew
It Up to Avoid Capture
ters' Home, who was visiting a friend
at Sather. The murderer of course was
a victim of his own act : nd with the
exception of his queue not a particle of
his remains has been found.
All of R^pnday night the deputy sher
iffs in charge of Al White, who was
succeeded at 2 o'clock this morning by
his brother Charley, kept watch around
the powder house in which Chang had
barricaded himself with cases of
powder. At intervals one of the Chi
nese employes was Rent to the maga
zine to ask if- Chang: would surrender,
and each time the answer was the same
—he would blow up the magazine be
fore submitting: to arrest.
About midnight the opportunity came
to have taken the prisoner without
bloodshed, but through the humanity
of Charley White the opportunity was
lost. The murderer was thirsty. He
asked that a drink be sent him. A
Chinaman was detailed to carry him a
cup of water. One of the deputies,
Will Moffitt, suggested that a teaspoon
ful of morphine in the water would
render it perfectly safe for the deputies
to follow in a lew minutes and carry
out their prisoner. Deputy White dep
recated this method of making the ar
rest and forbade the use of drugs.
The deputies lodged in the superin
tendent's office throughout the dark
hours about twenty yards from the
magazine. At daybreak this morning
the murderer opened the door and
shouted that he would submit to arrest.
"All right, Chang," said Charley
White, "if you come out we will not
hurt you." The Chinaman replied "all
right," and walked a few steps outside
the door. White and some others ap
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
proached the magazine with White In
the lead. When about ten f^et from
the door the Chinaman ran back Into
the magazine, slammed the door and
the next Instant the explosion occurred.
Whether the murderer shot a pistol Into
the powder, whether he struck a match
and exploded it, or whether he lit a
fuse of which there was plenty around,
before telling: the officers he would sur
render, calculating on the explosion
just about the time they would reach
him, must ever remain a mystery. The
truth could only be known to the mur
derer, Charley White, Constable Koch
or Deputy Lerri, who were the closest
to the magazine door, and their lips are
forever sealed.
Immediately after the explosion
Deputy Sheriff Ed White and Fred
Sherrott looked around for their com
panions. They found none. With the
exception of Will Moffatt the haJf dozen
men who had guarded the magazine all
night had disappeared. Some time later
human remains were found many hun
dreds of yards from the place where
the magazine had stood. One of the
bodies, nearly intact, was recognized
as that of Constable Koch, another ono
but a little disfigured was that of D.
C. Cameron. Of the other three, Char
ley White, J. J. Lerri and George C.
Woodsum, the remains are scant and
so disfigured that positive identifica
tion is impossible. The widows of
two of them believe that they can re
cognize the remains of their hu.«b4n<ls
by small bits of clothing, but every
thing Is so charred and torn that the
clothing is but a slight clew.
Mrs. Sadie Hill was asleep at the
time of the explosion in a house about
two hundred feet from the magazine.
The house was demolished and two
hours later her lifeless body was dis
covered in the ruins.
Deputy Sheriffs Ed White and Fred
Sherrott had marvelous escapes. They
were following the deputies who were
going to make the arrest and were
about seventy feet behind them when
the magazine was fired. They were lift
ed off their feet and carried a long dis
tance, their faces were somewhat dis
figured by flying debris, and their
clothes were badly torn. Sherrott has
sustained Internal injuries. Ed White
tells the following story:
"Last night my brother Al. Gus Koch,
H. S. Smith, J. J. Lerrl, my father and
myself went out to the magazine and
remained until midnight; then my
brother Charles, Cameron and Wood
sum also came out and we were later
Joined by Fred Sherrott. After mid
night Smith and my father went home,
but all the rest remained. About half
past 4 this morning we went into the
residence of Constable Stephenson,
which was across the street, to get
breakfast. After breakfast we returned
to the magazine and all but Sherrott
and I went inside the fence near the
magazine. Chang saw Charley and
spoke to him. Charley asked him if he
were hungry, and he said he was. He
said also that he would not come out of
the magazine for a couple of days, and
when my brother suggested that it
would be a good idea to come out right
away the Chinaman replied, "All right,
I'll come out right away.'
"As soon as we heard this we ran
around to the gate to get Inside the
yard, and while doing so the explosion
took place. We were knocked to the
ground after being carried some dis
tance, and Sherrott was injured in the
groin. When I got up everything
around me was In flames. Cameron
and Koch's remafns were In th- 1 fuse
house, and all that I could find of my
brother Charles was a piece of the coat
he wore.
"Last night we ordered all the people
in the neighborhood to move away on
account of the murderer's threat to
blow up the magazine, and most of
them did so."
Fred Sherrott of West Oakland, who
is severely injured internally by the
force with which he was blown over the
ground, gives the following account of
the tragedy:
"I went out there last night with
Charlie White, as we were great
friends and I frequently went with him
in the discharge of his duties. With the
other deputy sheriff we kept as close
to the powder house as we thought ad
visable. Occasionally one of us would
go toward the door and assure the Chi
nese that we would not hurt him if he
came out. The fellow would invaria
bly reply that he would blow up the
place if we attempted to take him.
Late last night he repeated his threat
so often that the people around there
believed he would do it, and many of
them moved out of their homes. Had
they not done so they would now be
dead, for their homes are scattered
over many acres.
"Before midnight the Chinese shouted
to one of his countrymen who was near
us for a drink of water. I did not ap
prove of his being given anything, but
Charley White permitted a Chinese to
carry him a glass of water.
"Billy Moffatt, who was also out there,
proposed that the water be doped as the2
easiest way to effect the arrest Charily
did not approve of this and said that he
did not believe it would be long before
the fellow would surrender. We hung
around all night, and just at daybreak
Charley White sent a Chinese to tell the
fellow to come out. He would not do
so, but shortly after 5 o'clock he told
■vttt he would walk out and give us no
more trouble.
" 'Come out, Charley, and we will not
hurt yon,' said White to the Chinese,
and the fellow said he would do so.
"As soon as the fellow made his ap
pearance at the door of the place Char
ley Whit<- and Qua Koch walked to
ward him to make the arrest. Ed Whit«
and I foll-.w"! th^m about eighty feet
behind. They were almost at the door
when '"hung closed it with a bang.
"Less than a second later I was being
earr-led with a cloud of debris and earth
swiftly over the ground. My face was
cut and my clothes torn and I cannot
understand how it happened that I and
TA White were not killed, as some of J
those killed were fai ther away than Wt»
were.
"I have no doubt that as soon as the ,
d r closed Chang fired his pistol into j
the powder. This fact, however, must
forever remain in doubt, as I did not |
hear a pistol shut prior to the explo- !
Pion. This is not surprising, however. |
Cor there would not be much of an in
terv::! after th<- shot was fired. When
I picked myself up and looked around
everything was on fire. I at once '
Ftnrt"d to search for the remains of '
thosi who I knew must have been sac- |
1, and thp first thing I found was
an arm of poor <"harlie. This was !
fully 200 feet from where he was stand
ing when the explosion occurred.
"Little by little we found other frag
ments, but undoubtedly much of the re
mains were consumed by fire.
"Five minutes after the explosion j
everything was on fire, including a
train of box cars. It will be weeks !
t,r.fr, r r> i shall recover from the fright
ful shock I received."
A few minutes after the explosion
all the buildings connected with the
fuse company's works were on fire. A
train of box cars that was on the track ;
north of the fuse works was set on fire
three of the cars entirely con
sumed, as there was no water to fight j
the flames. Two engines were sent out
from Oakland, but there was no water
available, and they could do nothing. !
As soon as the explosion occurred two '
companies of soldiers were sent to the ,
from Camp Barrett, which is less
than a block away, and a guard was !
established around the burning wreck- ]
Some of the soldiers pushed sev
en box cars to a place of safety; others
assisted In confining the largest sec
tlon that was on fire by rearing around
it a wall of the sheet iron that had pre
viously formed the roof. Other tol
diers sought among the ruins and as- .
• ring the remains.
Much dissatisfaction is expressed by
who have suffered from the ex
plosion, as they believe that the com
pany had far more powder on the I
premises than the law allows.
An investigation will be demanded
by the residents living in the vicinity ,
of th« works, for it is now reported on
all sides, and seemingly with much re
liability, that the quantity of powder
stored in the magazine was very great.
It is stated to-niprht that four carloads [
have been unloaded at the works this
week.
The Melrose schoolhouse is less than
a block from the site of the works and
is attended by 100 children. It is bad- [
ly 'Inmaged, but the trustees say they i
will have it ready to open by next Mon
day.
THE DESTRUCTIVE AREA.
The Effects More General and
Far-Reaching Than Other
Powder Explosions in
the County.
The effect of the explosion was more
general and far-reaching than any
other explosion that has taken place
in Alameda County. The periodical
catastrophes at the powder works along
the shore north of Berkeley are never
so severe In their destructive power as
th<> explosion of this morning:. At Pi
nole and other places near it the works
a ro so distributed and placed between
hills that the damage is generally con
llnci to the building in which the ex
ploston takes place. At Sather the
neighborhood is a perfectly flat plateau,
and the force of the explosive was
curbed by nothing.
Wh^re the magazine stood there is a
larpe hole in the ground, sprinkled lib
erally with pulverized brick. The
buildings immediately surrounding the
magazine are gone, and only a portion
of the fuse house remains. A few
cartloads of lumber and some rent
sheets of galvanized iron mark the
place where the storehouse was located.
On going to the scene along any of
the roads leadir^ from Oakland the
damage to windows is very noticeable.
After passing Thirteenth avenue some
large holes are noticeable in the panes
and the number gradually increases till
Twenty-third avenue is passed, and
from there to Pllttsvllle a whole win- j
dow is a novelty. Anywhere within 500 j
yards of the scene of the tragedy not J
a piece of glass is in si^ht. On nearing
the works roofs are split, doors are
shaken off and walls are collapsing.
As far as San Leandro hundreds of
windows were broken and some stores
were wrecked, and all along the county
road there was considerable damage
done.
In addition to the complete demoli
tion of the fuse works the following
houses were wrecked:
CLARK STREET.
Cottage of Harry Wilson, shattered
and torn.
Home of Mrs. Julia Sullivan, twisted
out of shape.
Cottage of Mrs. Mescana, broken roof
and sides.
Home of Charles Stephenson, burned
to the ground.
Residence of Antone Sllva, battered
and in some places dismantled.
House of Henry Johnson, frameß
loosened and floors warped.
COMMERCE STREET.
Two-story house of Mrs. Margaret
O'Connell, knocked out of plumb, in
terior dismantled.
House of William Park, one side
stove in and uprights leaning.
Cottage of J. Hamilton, bereft of
doors and windows.
Cottage of John Burke, side injured
and ceilings and walls dismantled.
Two-story double house, Pacific
Cordage Works, interior destruction
and roof at one end raised from its
/supports.
Two-story residence, George Giblin,
windows smashed, frames destroyed
and interior wallß in ruins.
HIGH STREET.
Cottage of Joe Fernondes, Interior
demolished and barn wrecked.
THE RUINS OF A. SUVA'S HOUSE, ACROSS THE ROAD FROM THE FUSE WORKS
Home of Robert Stephenson, timbers
dislocated, sides open.
Mcl rose School, wreck complete in the
Interior.
High Street Retreat, windows, doors
and ends shattered.
George Giblin'p saloon, shaken from
its foundation to roof and i iterior walls
and casings shattered.
Cottage of Mrs. Mara, timbers bro
ken, sides out of plumb.
House of Joe Bonner, sides and ends
shattered and roof perforated.
HOWARD STREET.
Home of Fred Fisher, rear caved in
and roof raised.
Residence of Henry Sampson, walls
bent in and timbers cracked.
House of Harry Sievers. frame twist
ed.
B STREET.
Cottage of Mrs. Romer, ceiling down,
windows broken, timbers wrenched.
Cottage of Runs Larsen sides down
and interior destroyed.
President Lukens of the Western
Fuse and Explosive Company says the
damage has reached $50,000 and the
works will be at once rebuilt.
DAMAGE AT FRUITVALE
Mrs. E. E. McLean Struck in the
Neck by a Piece of
Glass.
A thunderous report followed by fall
ing glass and pjaster awakened resi
dents of Fruitvale from sound slum
bers. Narrow escapes from death were
many, and after the news of the ter
rible deed of the maniacal Chinaman
was noised about, the unsuspecting suf
ferers of this act began to examine the
damage done their homes. Windows
in every room were demolished, and
cracked walls denoted the force of the
concussion. Among those who escaped
with slight injury was Mrs. E. E.McLean,
a well known hair doctor of this city.
The lady was asleep at the time of the
disaster and a piece of flying glass
struck her in the neck, inflicting a pain
ful wound. Mrs. McLean's first thought
was that the Spaniards were about her
house and when she viewed her room
she found glass strewn in every direc
tion. Her brother, Harry Came, had
a miraculous escape from death. A
piece of heavy plate glass of the win
dow in his room flew a distance of ten
feet and struck the head of his bed and
fell to the floor shattered. Had it struck
a few inches lower he would certainly
have been decapitated. As it was his
escape was by a narrow margin.
Quong Tan's Funeral.
ALAMEDA, July 19.— The correct
name of the Chinaman who was mur
dered yesterday afternoon by a fellow
countryman, who afterward blew up
the powder magazine at Melrose, is
Quong Tan. and he belongs to the firm
of Quong Chong & Co., who have a
store on Railroad avenue, near Park
street, in this city.
Deceased had lived here many years,
and was well known among the citizens
of Alameda, with whom he stood high
as a man of his word and in every way
reliable. His copartners In the store say
that the murder grew out of a dispute
over a balance of 10 cents, which the
powder magazine Mongolian claimed
Tan owed him. Great preparations are
being made for Tan's funeral, and his
store is dressed in mourning for the
occasion.
Evidence of Another Death.
OAKLAND, July 19.— Dr. Porter of
the Receiving Hospital made a discov
ery to-night that adds a mystery to the
tragedy of to-day. Dr. Porter declares
that he has indisputable evidence that
seven white people were destroyed by
the explosion. He has carefully exam
ined all the remains and he stated to
night that there is a right ear for which
no account has been rendered.
t'l know it is a very significant cir-
cumstance," said Dr. Porter to-night,
"but I have been very careful in my
examination and no mistake has been
made. There is an ear yet to be ac
counted for and it is very plain to see
by the hair that it is that of a white
man. It is certainly not that of a Chi
naman."
So far no man is reported as missing,
but as Dr. Porter is not likely to make
public such a statement unless he had
absolutely verified it, the mystery is yet
to be explained.
Felt in San Jose.
SAN JOSE. July 19.— What was sup
posed to have been an earthquake
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 1898.
KIND WORDS FROM PRISONERS
ALAMEDA COUNTY JAIL. July 19. i
To Mrs. Charles White — Dear Madam: We are all ignorant fellows,
but we retain a warm spot in our hearts for those who are in trouble. ' t
Your husband was well known to us, and, while we may have had our J
little differences, still we sincerely regret his sudden demise. We cannot ■
say or do much but we can and do extend our sincere sympathy to you j
In this your hour of trouble. May he, from whom all good comes, com
fort and sustain you, is the sincere wish of |
THE PRISONERS.
Per O'Brien. |
n__ si " ■ ■ ■ ■ — ■ — ■ — ■— ■ — SJ — ■— ■ — ■ — ■ — n — ■ — ■ — ■— I
shock was felt here shortly after 5
o'clock this morning. After the news
of the Oakland explosion many persons
thought that it was the cause. The Lick
Observatory has not yet reported.
ANTI-CIVIL SERVICE LEAQUj2.
A State Executive Committee Ap
pointed for the Organization.
A State executive committee for the
Anti-Civil Service League has been ap
pointed by the President. This body will
hold its first meeting in this city on the
Ist of August. Arrangements have been
made to establish headquarters in this
city on or about the 15th of the same
month.
The following are the names of the
committee:
Martin Murray, San Francisco (chairman);
Btepben Flnnell, Solano County; J. B. Castro,
Monterey County: Frank D. Sweetzer. Contra
Costa County; George D. White, Colusa
County; O. B. Culver, Alameda County: James
Campbell, Kern County; H. L,. Bradford, J.
M-neses. James McCoy, August Muller, H. Yv .
Heine San Francisco; C. H. Foster, Santa
Clara County; J. F. Teague, C. A. Carleton,
J. W. Osborne, Alameda County.
The following committee has been ap
pointed to attend the session of the Re
publican State Convention and present
resolutions on behalf of the league:
J. W. Travers, C. A. Fawcett, W. S.
O'Brien, D. M. Briggs, C. E. Carleton.
Alameda County; Martin Murray, H. L.
Bradford, James Wilson, S. F. Baddle,
August Muller, San Francisco; Frank D.
Swe-etzer, Contra Costa County; C. H.
Foster, Santa Clara County; C. H. W.
Tucker, Marin County.
It has been decided to retain counsel to
represent the league before the local
Board of Election Commissioners in ref
erence to representation of the league in
the election boards, as well as to present
the matter to the Boards of Supervisors
of the various counties.
FRENCH GENEROSITY.
_
Their Fete Contributes Over $1800 to
the Bed Cross.
The French committee appointed to or
ganize the 14th of July fete in celebration
of the fall of the Bastile held its final
meeting, yesterday. It appears that the
fete, thanks to the assistance of the Red
Cross Society, has been even more suc
cessful than in previous years. Last year
the receipts, distributed among various
charities, amounted to only $1100. This
year, when the whole of the profits. were
given to the Red Cross Society, the total
rose to $1844. The receipts from the fete,
which was very largely attended,
amounted to $3048 10, made up as follows:
Tickets sold, $2678 10; receipts from the
Chutes, $250; Market-street Railway Com
pany, $100. The chief items of expenditure
were: Advertisements, $263 72; fireworks.,
$349; decorations, $187. As usual on these
occasions $50 was also given to the police
widows and orphans' fund. Various minor
items brought the total outlay up to
$1204, leaving the net profit in favor of the
Red Cross Society as stated above.
- : : ■ » ■ —
EMEBIC WILL CONTEST.
A. C. Freese Granted Special Letters
of Administration Upon the
Estate.
A. C. Freese, Public Administrator, was
granted special letters of administration
upon the estate of Eugenic Emeric by
Judge Troutt yesterday. The Public Ad
ministrator applied for special letters
upon the ground of unavoidable delay in
the granting of general letters, because
of an opposition to the probate to the will
of the deceased. Miss Louisa Myrtle
Barbier, a sister of Mrs. Emeric, also ap
plied for special letters of administration,
but the court held that owing to the se
rious conflict of interest between the sur
viving husband of decedent, Harry F.
Emeric, and Mrs. Barbier, an impartial
person should be appointed, and Adminis
trator Freese was granted the power of
administrator.
. m ■ :
DISLOCATED HIS JAW.
Joseph Nuhxn, a Teamster, Opened
His Mouth Too Wide to Pick
His Teeth.
Joseph Nuhm, a driver for Morton's de
livery, walkfed into the Receiving Hospi
tal yesterday afternoon with his mouth
wide open. Dr. Bunnell asked him what
was wrong. He could only roll his eyes
and point to his Jaw. He was taken into
the operating room and after considerable
difficulty the doctor succeeded in putting
his dislocated jaw in position again.
When he recovered his speech he said
he was picking hlB back teeth and heard
something snap. He could not close his
mouth, so he hurried to the hospital. He
waited while Chief Steward Bucher made
the entry in the register showing that he
had been treated for "bilateral anterior
luxation of inferior maxilla."
"Say." remarked Nuhm, "write that
down and I will get a week off. I didn't
know I was hurt so bad."
BUN OVEE BY A TRUCK.
Clyde W. Morris, a Bright Boy, Se
riously if Not Fatally
Injured.
Clyde William Morris, a bright little
boy five years of age, living with his wid
owed mother at 17 Lewis street, met with
a serious accident yesterday afternoon ou
Second and Brannan streets.
He jumped on an empty truck that wa»
being driven along Brannan street. He
slipped and his foot got caught. He fell
and one of the hind wheels passed over
his hips. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where Dr. Fitzgibbon founu
that he was suffering from internal inju
ries that might prove fatal.
The driver of the truck, F. Kamlade St.,
surrendered himself to the police and wa»
released on his own recognizance. No
blame is attached to him. Ho is em
ployed by McNab & Smith.
The boy's mother came to the city re
cently thinking that the change would
be beneficial to her young family. A gin.
younger than the injured boy, has been
treated for some time for spinal troubles
and the mother herself is sick. It la
feared that the injury to her favorite boy
will result in serious consequences to her.
Chamber of Commerce.
At the meeting of the Chamber of Com
merce yesterday the subject of reciproci
ty with Peru in certain commodities came
up for discussion, but the dealers in
wines, groceries, sugar and leather were
not ready to report ana the entire mat
ter was left in the hands of a committee
for Investigation. The selection of Hen
ry Rosenfeld as trustee of the Chamber
was confirmed, as was the election of
Commodore Dewey as an honorary mem
ber. A memorial resolution of the death
of the late Rear Admiral Aramen was
passed.
Hurt Between Two Cars.
Mrs. Hattle Conley, a well-dressed and
prepossessing lady, narrowly escaped
death last evening while attempting to
cross O'Farrell street at the intersection
of Powell. She was struck by an out
ward bound O'Farrell-street car and
thrown to the ground, suffering two seri
ous scalp wounds and other bodily
bruises. She explained she had stood
between two tracks, believing the cars
passing on either side would not touch
her. Somehow she miscalculated dis
tances.
Charged With Embezzlement.
Bert Lithgow, manager of the San
Francisco Commission Company, 20
Leidesdorff street, was arrested yester
day afternoon on a warrant charging him
with embezzlement. He gave $500 cash
bail. He is accused of keeping $200 which
came into his possession. Lithgow says
that he kept the money, as the company
was indebted to him for that amount for
back salary. The members of the com
pany are Joseph Harvey, Charlea L. Ash
er and John Malowansky.
Putrid Meat Seized.
Market Inspector Ben Davis yesterday
seized nine cases containing 1350 pounds
of smoked beef in the auction rooms of
S . L. Jones & Co., 205 California street.
The inspector alleges that the beef was
rotten and he sent it to the fertilizing
works. This morning he will swear out
a warrant for Jones' arrest, charging him
with violating the State law by selling
adulterated or diseased food.
Native Daughters' Red Cross Aid.
The entertainment under the auspices of
the Native Daughters 1 Red Cross Aid So
ciety for the benefit of the California boys
at Manila will be given to-morrow even
ing at Mechanics' Pavilion. There will be
.expert drilling and music by the Seventh
Regiment, which will also furnish a quar
tet. The Press Club Quartet will constitute
one of the special attractions.
"The Dark Secret" Held.
Joseph Reid, known to the police as
"the dark secret," was yesterday held to
answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Mogan on a charge of grand lar
ceny In $1000 bonds. He was accused by
Plumas Wood, a milliner from Seattle,
of stealing two diamond rings from her in
a restaurant on Market street after he
had drugged her.
LEFT-HANDED
PATRIOTISM
REBUKED
Well, Fargo & Co., and
War Tax.
SUITS FOR DAMAGES FILED
IT. S. DISTRICT ATTORNEY FLINT
ON THE WARPATH.
The Merchants of Los Anp-eles Pro
pose to Punish the Unpatriotic
Corporation — Plenty of
Trouble Ahead.
The astonishing plcayunish and unpa
triotic attitude of Wells, Farpo & Co. in
refusing to pay the small war tax oh their
receipts for packages accepted lest their
usual fat dividend be affected is arousing
the antagonism of the merchants and
Bhippers not only of San Francisco but of
the whole coast.
The law plainly states that the stamp
shall be placed on each document of the
kind by the public carrier, the same as
stamps are required from private indi
viduals who draw checks. It has remained
for the opulent corporation of Wells,
Fargo & Co. to defy the Government in
the trying times of war and endeavor to
find some loophole by which they can
shirk their burden and place it on the
shoulders of their patrons, who are bear
ing their share of the tax In many other
ways.
The sole plea of the great corporation
is that It is joined in a compact with sev
eral Eastern companies which are actu
ated by the same brand of patriotism,
and which are anxious that other cor
porations and the masses carefully do
their duty to the Government and leave
the company alone to grind out profits
at the same old rate.
Los Angeles, which owes its present
proud place among the cities of the na
tion to the enterprise and liberality of its
citizens, has taken up the cudgel against
the obstreperous corporation and is
swinging the same in a very energetic
manner.
They do not complain of the small extra
burden caused by the tax, but they are
hotly indignant at the corporation on ac
count of the small principle it Is parading
to the world. It Is stated that the three
big commercial bodies of that city — the
Board of Trade, Chamber of Commerce
and Merchants' and Manufacturers' As-
sociation — will take the matter up and
express their opinions of the company In
very emphatic language.
Frank P. Flint, United States District
Attorney of Los Angeles, has undertaken
to convince Wells, Fargo & Co. that they
are amenable to the law as well as other
corporations, and to that end has insti
tuted suits In the United States Court to
compel the payment of the tax and the
penalty imposed.
Mr. Flint Is now in San Franoißco and
In speaking of the exasperating situation
yesterday, said:
» "Since the law went into effect the
Merchants and Manufacturers' Associa
tion has offered Wells, Fargo St Co. 200
packages, of which they have kept a rec
ADVERTISEMENTS.
That Tired Feeling
Is just as surely due to thin, Impure,
sluggish, lifeless blood, as scrofula,
salt rheum, or other "blood diseases,"
and It is just as surely and quickly
cured by Hood's Sareaparilla, na-
ture's true tonic and blood vitallzer.
To give you a good appetite, ton»
your stomach, steady your nerves,
and make you "fighting strong,"
there's nothing like
HOOU'S parilla
America's Greatest Me-iietn*.
Woodbury's Facial Soap, Facial Cream, Fa-
cial Powder, manufactured by Dermatologist
JOHN H. WOODBURT, 127 West Forty-second
St.. Ne-jr York, will render ths complexion
Clear, Boft and Beautiful. Used by peop 1 - of
refinement and »old »verywhere.
ord, and In each case the company has
refused to attach the stamp to the regu
lar receipt. I have filed suits against the
officers of the company for $50 penalty
for each infraction of the law, and will
at the same time prosecute them crimi
nally, the punishment being a fine of $500
to $1000, imprisonment for six months, or
both, in the discretion of the court.
"The company's representatives tell me
that they are bound by a compact with
other express companies in the East not
to pay the tax, and that if they should
attach the stamps they would place their
fellow patriots in the express trust in an
embarrassing position by setting a bad
precedent. I told them l"should prosecute
them, but they did not seem to be im
pressed with the idea that they had to
obey the laws of their country the same
as other citizens. Our people "are feeling
very bitter over th« miserly, unpatriotic
spirit of this corporation, to whose wealth
they have contributed for nearly a half
century, and will, if possible, force it to
do its duty.
"I consider the position of Wells, Fargo
& Co. utterly indefensible. There is no
right or reason in it. There will doubt
less be a large number of suits brought
against the company, ana it will not only
be put to a great expense but will make
itself very unpopular throughout the
country, losing a large amount of busi
ness thereby.
The leading men of L,os Angeles are be
hind this movement to discipline the au
tocratic corporation and I am confident
they will have the satisfaction of con
vincing the combination that they are
not above the national law and cannot
pursue their present course. The ac
tions will cost the company many times
the expense of the tax, and if they are
completed there will be a big hole "made
in the precious dividends they are now
so desperately guarding. I notified the
company that I would file every comp
laint the merchants would swear to and
keep on piling them up until the corpora
tions agreed to comply with the law.
These are not the times to show such
a spirit, as the big corporation will find
to its cost."
WELLS-FARGO MUST PAY.
It Is Learned on Good Author
ity That Their Attorney Has
So Advised.
Lloyd Teviit, who was president of
Wells-Fargo for Upward of twenty years,
when asked as to -what he thought of the
attitude of the big express company in
shifting the burden on the public, 'was
loth to express any definite opinion.
"Owing to my position and former con
nections I feel a certain delicacy in say
ing anything about Wells-Fargo's posi
tion in this matter." said Mr. Tevis. "I
am sure, however, that the men at the
helm— all of whom have always been hon
orable and popular— are doing what they
believe to be right. No doubt, they have
consulted their attorney and are acting
- _ ADVERTISEMENTS. ' : ~i' -•»
' . ■".:'■ -■■... • ..-£.' v: ; :- ;
Every season many thousand dollars' worth of goods are t thrown on th«
market as samples and sold at 40 to 60 cents on the dollar. " Far from being
second rate goods they are the best goods that can be made, put up or grown.
They represent millions of dollars of sales made directly from them, and hence
can be sold cheap. They come naturally to our store, as we carry such a
vast stock and, great variety. To-day and until sold these goods are offered at
prices that will awaken the buying world.
TRAVELERS' SAMPLES. FACTORY SAMPLES. -
Samples of 50c Merino underwear, ladies'.... 15c Sanjpfc. ™$ Mn™^^":::"^
Eamples of 25c child's underpants.... ....10c |^3|| 'fifes' un trimmed hats, half cost
Samples of infants 1 undershirts, not w001. ...50 , samples iaaies ............... 60, 10c 250
Samples of 75c shirt waists, pretty.. ...... ....35c a am "nies' Men's' $2 50 hats 12 kinds .'...51
Samples of infants' »l silk b00tee5...... .Me ' ? * m £ £* |6 blcyc i e suits, wool 12 50
Samoles of girls' fine $6 ( white dresses $2 CO |£. a ™P}™ Klon-iIK- shoes or moccasins $1 50
Samples of girls' $4 white dresses . .... ...M 50 am P, es men ,8,3 50 Klondike gloves... $1 60
Samples of $2 60 heavy duck lined coats .$1 gambles m ci i 2 carriage parasols ..60c. 750
Samples $1 25 heavy duck lined ve5t5.. ....... .50c Samples $20 Prince Albert coat and vest.. sl2 50
Samples of heavy gray undershirts, size 42.. f0e £*££,'" of 15 suits, finest wool _$
Samples of heavy gray drapers size 40.. ..25c Samp i eg of men's $12 wool. suits.. *«
Samples SI 25 red wool flannel shirts to 38.. 50 c °*""*" • *"
Samples $1 25 red wool flannel drawers 60c „_„ c . Mnr _,_
— . OTHER SAMPLES.
nin/i I ATC Gray stockings, 12c grade, out of style ...jo
BARGAIN LUI3. 5 " Samples of scissors, 5 to 7 Inches .....100
ifrtUUrtiii u\jru. Samples of 10 foot linen bunting flags .$2 60
150 samples of- fine glassware.. ...... half price Sample line bound books, .100 titles 150
150 samples fine chinaware... half price : Samples (40) fancy table covers, $1 grade.... 600
200 samples crockery and ornaments.. half price Samples (30) 50c fancy stand covers 250
Samples of hlch cost chest protectors «c Samples (100) scarfs, splashers, etc .100 up
Samples of "Lucky Man's" fish basket* 85c Sample hams, country cure, not extra ....60
Samples of $6 Klondike/folding stoves $1 50 Sample hammocks all kinds 4S C up
50-cent size chollc specific We Samp c carrying bags 100 kinds... 25 C up
$1 style of pocket dispensary ......29c Sample $2 50 clothes hampers, square, stain-
Samples ladles' Jackets and capes half off I ea ....;.. ..........,n
White Swan Flour, fully warranted, in. any quantity this week 95c.
Coffee reductions continue all this week. Save while you can.
Our one-cent articles surprise everybody who looks at them. " ;■
Wire screening, green, this week at half price— cent square foot.
Jelly glasses with tin cover, less than barrel lots, 2 cents each.
Schooner Negus, a fast sailer, from Alaska, for sale or charter, cheap.
Sample Shoes..: :^|®il^*
Boys' heavy $1 25shoe, 11 to 13 "5c taj^a 3^| fl I V Tssk
Girls' nBO school button, 13. 13U 73c XJ^J^ I fe Xi M £ W jW
Girls' ;or ladles' cloth and ■ kid. 2%, 3 at. ...35c •J~^_ "^ •■■ !■ IV mi "^'•^ —
Narrow samples, $2 to 52 50. all SV4 50c /T^ ft Ck ELI €> tf"fc r\lk H"»-
Ladles' $1 50, nice kid samples, size 8... .....75 - *& rlv9 81 : *JT fi «J 1-^ »T •'
Men's low shoes, out of style. 5, 7 50c . _ ■ ■ \ &*»
Men-. »so button shoes. sto 10.......:....U 25 ■ 2 5-^7 Market St., S. F.
in accordance with his advice. Wells,
Fargo & Co. have as capable a board of
directors as any corporation, and if they
believed that the law requires them to
pay for the stamp they would do so. Of
course, it would be expecting a good deal,
for it would amount to considerable.
As to the validity of the war revenue
law. which Wells-Fargo is- evading, Mr.
Tevis was unable to give his views, stat
ing that he had had no occasion for look
ing up the matter. ■ _ „
E. S. Pillsbury. Wells. Fargo & Co. s
attorney in this city, was not at home to
members of the press on matters con
nected with the war tax question, but
prominent local attorneys have advised
that the company will have to bear its
share of the war revenue.
It is, moreover, learned, on whs,t is
considered good authority, that Attorney
Pillsbury has also advised his clients that
they are* not exempt and will have to obey
the" law. It Is, therefore, quite evident
that the company is acting under the ad
vice of Eastern legal lights.
LOS ANGELES AROUSED.
The Law and Big Commercial
Bodies Propose to Punish
Wells, Fargo & Co.
LOS July 19.— The mer
chants and business men of Los Angeles
have never before had an occasion to
complain or or nnd fault with the gen
eral policy pursued by the Wells-Fargo
Express Company until now.
At this juncture, however, they are
making up for lost time, and at a very
lively rate. The fact that the express
company is compelling its patrons to pay
the expense of placing war tax stamps
on bills of lading has caused a howl to
go up which seems practically universal.
Merchants here are complaining not
particularly because of the trifling addi
tional burden the express company Is
placing on its patrons, but because of the
principle involved.
The fact that the company is endeavor
ing to escape its just share of the war
taxation is what causes the feeling to be
bo pronounced. It is stated this evening
on the authority of three prominent busi
ness men that the attitude of the express
company in this matter will be presented
to three commercial bodies of the city —
the Board of Trade. Chamber of Com
merce and Merchants' and Manufactur
ers' Association. _ ,
It is expected that these bodies will
adopt resolutions expressive of the sen
timent of the business men of this com
munity in reference to the matter.
CHINESE RIOTS AT
NINGPO SUBSIDING
Twenty-Two Were Killed and Fifty
Wounded by the French
Marines.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. IS9B. by James Gor
dnn Bennett.
HONGKONG, July 18.— Riots at the
French settlement at Nlngpo are subsid
ing. Twenty-two Chinese were killed and
I fifty wounded. French sailors are main
j talning guard. It is believed the French
I intend to extend the boundaries of the
I settlement to Seca Wei. The Chinese aro
I incensed against the Taotai. Business ts
SU LONDON. July 18.— The Parliamentary
Secretary for the Foreign Office Mr.
George N. Curzon, replying to-day in the
House of Commons to questions on tn<j
Chinese situation, said the British Consul
at Canton reported that 6000 badly armed
rebels had encountered a detachment of
imperial troops on July 7 at an unknown
place, and had afterward retreated west
ward with loss. Thp rebellion, he added,
was not yet suppressed and reliable infor
mation on the subject could not be ob
tained.
TACOHA'S FOREIGN- TBADE.
First Bank Among the Pu^ot Sound
Shipping Points.
TACOMA, July 18.— The Tacoma Cham
ber of Commerce has just completed! th«
compilation from C-;BtPii Houp* returns
of a table showing the business of the
Puget Sound Collection District for th«
fiscal year ending June 30. 1898. The state
ment shows a net gain of 700 per cent in
the volume of the foreign business sinca
1893, and gives Tacoma first rank among
the shipping ports of the district, . her
proportion being 51.76 per cent of the t<TCM.
The exports and imports for the yea*
aggregate $23,008,991. the principal articles
of export being 8,023.912 bushels of wheat,
615.155 barrels of flour. 130,168.000 feet of
lumber, and miscellaneous merchandise,
shipped principally to China and Japan,
valued at $7,952,046. There were 1624 en
trances and 1868 clearances in the district,
with a total tonnage of 2,233,532 tons. Ex
ports increased 51 per cent over last year,
while Imports decreased 20 per cent.
TWO DEPUTY MARSHALS
KILLED IN ARKANSAS
Work of a Desperado Who Was Be
sisting Arrest — Large Posse
Pursuing the Murderer.
SOUTH M'ALLISTER, Oklahoma, July
— Jasper Simmons, while resisting ar
rest,- shot and Instantly killed J. Grady
and L,. S. Hills, deputy "United States
marshals, near Jenson, Ark., last night.
Young Grady was a son of United States
Marshal Grady of the Central District.
Hill was the office deputy at Cameron,
Ark., and had only been In office a short
time. A large number of officers have
gone in pursuit of the murflerer.
«k
Silesian Colliery Disaster.
BREST, July 18.— A dispatch from Glel
wltz, Prussian Silesia, says that twenty
four persons have been killed by a cape
accident in the Paulus colliery, near
Morgenrot.FORTY THOUSAND PERSONS
ARE FED BY THE RED CROSS
STARVATION AT
SANTIAGO IS NOW
BEING CHECKED
But There Are Yet F ron ) Ten to Fif
teen Deaths Daily and the Supplies
Are Kept Strongly Guarded.
Special patch to The Call and the New Tor*
Herald. Copyrighted. ISPS, by James Gor
don ..Bennett.
SANTIAGO, Cuba, July 18,
by The Call- Herald dispatch
boat Somers X. Smith to Playa
del Este, July 19. — General Shaf
ter expects that the Spanish
troops will embark for Spain be
fore next Sunday. The Spanish
ships now in the harbor available
for use as transports are the Mex
ico, which can carry 1000 men;
the Reina de Los Angeles, Mor
tera and San Juan, each capable
of carrying 600 men. Admiral
Sampson, on board the Vixen,
entered the harbor to-day for a
conference with General Shafter
relative to the work of transport
ing the Spanish troops. All of
the torpedoes have been removed
BUSY SCENES ALONG
CHARLESTON'S DOCKS
Most Active Preparations Being
Made for a Move to the
Front.
CHARLESTON. S. C, July 19.— That
active preparations are beins" made for
a movement to the front is evident to
all who spend half an hour on the water
front. The soldiers are not having a
great deal to do with loading: the trans
pv)rts,*but they do guard duty and over-
Bee the work which is accomplished by
gangs of negro laborers. The monster
ship No. 21 to-day is receiving into her
hold thousands of tons of hay and other
stores. Beside the feed, the shin is or
dered to carry the Sixteenth Pennsyl
vania Regiment, its wagons, mules and
stores.
Transport No. 1. the Panama, which
came into port Monday, went out of
the harbor this morning and anchored
off the jetties. During the day some
additional supplies were sent out to the
ship, and she sailed out for the south
to-night. The No. 1 carries about 1000
hands for Cuba.
EVIDENCE THAT TRADE
FOLLOWS THE FLAG
Enterprising Americans Are Taking
Great Interest in Our New
Possessions.
NEW YORK. July 10.— A "Washington
special to the Herald say?:
Evidence that trade follows the flag
Is shewn not alone by inquiries as to
trade with Santiago, but also by the in
terest which Americans are taking In
everything that relates to Porto Rico,
the Philippines and Hawaii. Applica
tions for authority to establish national ,
banks at Honolulu and Pan Juan, Porto
Rico, have already be<*n received and
inquiries have been made in regard to :
the establishment of a. national bank
at Manila. First Assistant Postmaster
General Perry S. Heath, Fletcher £
ADVERTISEMENTS. !
• BfflF 1? I pain - tortured
endures by taking proper care of her wo-
manly-self. No woman can long: retain her
general health who neglects the health of
the organs that constitute her womanhood.
She may suffer only locally for a time.
Eventually the nerves aie ruined by the
constant wear and tear of pain. They cease
to impart the necessary nervous activity to
the various organs of the body. A gener^
and serious break -down follows.
A wonderful medicine for weak, nervous
women, who. through local troubles are
threatened with a general break-down is
Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription. It acts
directly on the delirat'- organs that are dis-
tinctly feminine. It restores them to vigor
and health. It allays inflammation and
soothes pain. It gives the tortured nerves
a rest and permits them to resume their
natural function of directing a healthy ac-
tivity of all the organs. It prepares a wo-
man for wife hood and motherhood. It
makes baby's advent easy and almost pain-
less and insures the child's health. It is the
best woman's medicine and more than
90,000 women have said so over their signa- |
tures. Druggists sell it.
" I cannot say too much for Dr. Pierces Favor-
ite Prescription, 1 ) writes Mi** Clara Baird. cf
Bridgeport, Montgomery Co., p a . "i fed It mv
duty to say to all women who raav be suffering
from any weakness or disease of the distinctly
feminine organism that it Is the best medicine on
earth for them to tise. I cannot praise it too
highly for the K ood it did me. If any one doubts
this (?ive them my name and address."
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets are a sure,
safe, speedy and permanent cure for con-
stipation. They never gripe. One is a
fentlc laxative, and two a mild cathartic.
from the channel, but the cable
torpedoes still remain.
From ten to fifteen deaths a
day from starvation are reported.
Forty thousand persons are be
i ing fed to-night by the Red Cross
■ Corps. Refugees in the armies
| are flocking into the city, and it
has been necessary to place a
strong guard about the stores
which are being landed from the
State of Texas.
Fourteen hundred tons of pro
visions have been brought off
from the Red Cross steamship.
An additional thousand tons are
expected in a few days.
Santiago has been like a city
enjoying a holiday. Famished
: Spaniards have welcomed the
j Americans and have gone so far
I Heath and Fred "W. Heath have ap- 1
I plied for authority to organize the
First National Bank of Honolulu. They
presented their application first as j
early as February 3. 1893. when it was :
supposed the islands were on the verge j
of annexation, and they renewed it on !
May 2S of this year.
The application for authority to or- !
ganize the First National Bank of San '
Juan is signed by William E. Curtis,
formerly director of Bureau of
American Republics; John T. Suter of
Washington, Henry W. Cannon, John |
G. Moore and Grant B. Schley of New
York. This application was made on
July 16. Neither application can yet be i
granted, for although Hawaii has been
annexed, the annexation resolution ex- I
pressly continues the laws of Hawaii in '
force until repealed or modified by Con- !
pies?, and there is doubt as to whether ;
it will not require Consressior\al action
to extend to the islands the general j
laws of the United States. When the j
time comes, however, that national ;
banks can be established in these pos- ;
1 sessions of the United States, the first
application will be given priority and
* will have the right to the title of First
National Bank.
UNANIMOUSLY AGREES
TO SUE FOR PEACE
The Madrid Cabinet Said to Have
Reached a Decision That May-
End the War.
NEW YORK, July 19.— A cao.egram
to the Sun from Madrid, dated July 20,
2 a. m., says: The council has unani
mously agreed to seek peace. The re
sponsibility for capitulation is left to
Captain General Blanco and General
Toral solely. It is significant that the
censorship raised no obpectlon to the
dispatch announcing that the Cabinet
had decided to seek peace.
MADRID, July 19.— The evening pa
pers announce that the Cabinet council
to-day was occupied with the capitula
tion of Santiago de Cuba. Ministers ex
pressed surprise that General Toral had
included the whole milttary division of
the province in the surrender. When
details have been received the question
of a court-martial of General Toral will
be submitted.
El Imparcial learns from several
members of the Cabinet that, in their
opinion, for Spain to sue now for peace
would be an avowal that she is van
quished. Moreover, they btiieve that
the United States, flattered by the tri
umph at Santiago, would consent to
peace only on unequal terms and there
fore it is preferable to continue the
war in the hope of re-conquering a por
tion of the lost territory.
"As the Government makes no sign
it can only be supposed," says El Im
parrial, "that the Ministers disagree on
the question."
Some papers believe that the recon
struction of the Cabinet is imminent
MADE MAD BY THE
FEAR_OF DYNAMITE
Plight of th« Chief Engineer of an
Austrian Steamer That Took
Explosives to Cadiz.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. IS9S. by Jamea Gor
don Bennett.
ROUEN, July 19.-The Austrian
steamer Zrinyi arrived last evening
I with a cargo composed partly of wine,
j which was loaded at Cadiz, the re-
I mainder being principally oak wood,
I with a few general goods from Trieste.
; There were no cases, such as those de
scribed in The Call-Herald June 22 and
,24, on board. They must have been
landed at Cadiz, where the steamer
made a very long stay on account of
the difficulties experienced In landing
the mysterious cases in question, which
without doubt contained explosives and
war material. The chief engineer was
I landed and taken to an insane asylum
this morning hopelessly mad. through
fear of the dynamite which had been
on board.
.
CAIMANERA LOWERS
THEJPANISH FLAG
Preliminaries for Formal Surrender
of the Garrison, Among Which
Yellow Fever Prevails.
Copyrighted, 1898, by the Associated Press.
CAMP McCALLA, July 18 (via Playa
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 1898.
in their friendly manifestations as
to incur the displeasure of Cap
tain of the Port Muller, who de
clares General Toral will be pun
ished for surrendering the city.
Miss Barton announces that
Robert Douglass, a wealthy resi
dent of Kingston, has given his
house in this city to be used as
headquarters in the Red Cross
work.
Sylvester Scovel, the newspa
per correspondent, who was ar
rested for striking General
Shafter yesterday, was taken
to Siboney to-day on the tug Co
lon under a small guard. He may
be tried here, or General Shafter
may decide to send him as a pris
oner to the United States for
trial.
del Este, Guantanamo Bay). — A launch
from the Marblehead went up the bay
this afternoon to Vertcaya del Toro,
opposite Caimanera, and gave formal
. notice to the Spanish commander of the
; surrender of General Toral's troops, to
gether with the conditions of the caplt
i ulation of Santiago. A limited time was
■ fixed for hauling down the Spanish flag
over Calmanera.
The American officer also gave notice
j that if the Spanish gunboat Sandoval
I was disabled in any way. or if any
i arms, ammunition, public buildings or
barracks at Caimanera or Guantanamo
> were destroyed the Spaniards would not
!be treated as prisoners of war. The
flag was hauled down this afternoon.
From Spanish sources it is learned
that the total force in Guantanamo and
Caimanera is about 5000, of which num-
I ber, however, only about 3000 are fit
for. service, the others being disabled by
I sickness and wounds.
To-morrow steps will be taken for a
formal surrender. What disposition
will be made of the prisoners has not
yet been determined because of the
presence of yellow fever among them.
A rigid quarantine will be maintained,
and it is probable that transports for
the removal of the prisoners will be
sent up the bay and loaded there. In
stead of having the prisoners marched
down here.
NO MADRID TELEGRAMS
IN LONDON PAPERS
Severity of Censorship at the Spanish
Capital Is Felt in All
Directions.
LONDON, July 20.— Owing to the se
verity of the censorship at Madrid the
Ix>ndon morning newspapers to-day are
quite without Madrid dispatches, ex
cept brief messages sent by way of
France. The Madrid papers themselves
are without dispatches from Paris,
London or Havana. Even the Spanish
provincial papers get nothing from the
capital.
The Madrilines, it is reported, suspect
that the protracted negotiations at
Santiago de Cuba conceal some sort of
jugglery and it is also said that the
Government wields only a nominal con
trol over Captain-General Blanco, his
attitude and that of his army being the
chief obstacles to peace.
The Washington correspondence of
the Daily Telegraph asserts that Presi
dent McKlnley yesterday (Tuesday)
declared that he expected no peace pro
posals from Spain until Havana had
been taken.
The morning papers comment upon
the peculiar and interesting situation
developed by the antagonism between
the Americans and Cubans at Santiago.
The Daily Chronicle expresses the
hope that Commodore Schley has been
falsely represented as talking about a
change in European frontiers. It adds:
"If the T'nited Stntes really intends to
permit the incalculable error of send
ing a fleet to Spain, the less it says
about changes of frontier the better for
us all."
BATTLE-SHIP PELAYO
HAS BEEN DAMAGED
MARSEILLES, July 13.— A steamer
■which has Just arrived here reports
having si"hted on July 16, off the coast
of Tunis, the Spanish fleet commanded
iby Admiral Camara. As the steamer
| passed the battleship Pelayo a column
;of smoke suddenly issued from her,
! and from the fact that a cruiser had
i to take the Pelayo in tow It is evident
that the most powerful warship of
Spain has been damaged.
LONDON, July 20.— The Vienna cor
; respondent of the Times, discussing the
; advent and probable operations of
i Commodore Watson, Says: "it is
■ taken for granted that America will
punctiliously observe the obligation
'of international law. There will, there
fore, be no legal ground for European
protests, and Intervention without legal
justification is practically excluded by
: the certainty that Great Britain wlil
I support the United States, while the
i powers are not likely to risk hastening
the conclusion of an Anglo-American
j alliance by any attempt to hinder or
! coerce the United States.
"Disappointment with the policy of
! the Spanish Government is growing
. here, and it is beginning to be believed
i that Spain can be cor'inced of the ab
i solute necessity of suing for peace
j only by fresh disasters. A great sur
j prise was occasioned here by the news
that the odds at Santiago were largely
I on the Bide of the Spaniards."
SCENE OF THE BATTLEFIELD NEAR EL CANEY.
CUBAN SOLDIERS
NOT PERMITTED TO
ENTER SANTIAGO
Keen Disappointment Among Gar
cia's Men Who Evidently Ex
pected to Loot the City.
Copyrighted, 1898, by the Associated Press.
SANTIAGO, July 18, via Kingston,
July 19. — A fact which is impressed
more and more every day upon the
American officers and men is the in
creasing evidence of strained relations
between the Americans and General
Garcia's Cuban soldiers. Indeed, the
situation has now reached a point
where there is practically no commun
ication between the armies, and their
relations border on those of hostiles
rather than such as one would sup
pose should exist between allies.
After General Shafter announced his
decision not to let the Cuban Junta en
ter the city of Santiago deep mutter
ings were heard among General Gar
cia's men. It was evident the Cubans
were greatly disappointed at the step
taken by the American commander, for
they had confidently counted upon hav
ing Santiago turned over to loot and
plunder, as they had in succession
sacked Balqulri, Siboney and El Caney.
Consequently their disappointment was
keen when they ascertained that they
were not to be permitted to take pos
session of the city upon General To
ral's surrender. On Friday last, Cas
tillo, a brother of Demares Castillo,
went to General Shafter's headquar
ters in order to ascertain the cause of
this, to the Cubans, inexplicable or
der.
"Why is Santiago to remain in the
hands of our enemies?" he asked.
"The Spaniards are not our enemies,"
replied General Shafter. "We are
fighting the soldiers of Spain, but we
have no desire to despoil her citizens.
No Cuban will be allowed to enter the
city, nor will any American. The gov
ernment of the city is for the people to
decide. When the army leaves it I
presume it will be turned over to you,
but not until then."
Castillo, who came direct from Gen
eral Garcia's camp, did not attempt to
conceal his chagrin. The Cuban sol
diers now fully realize that there is a
rising sentiment against them in the
army. They hear nothing but words
of scorn from our men, as they pass
onward, lugging tiieir bacon and hard
tack into the woods. Even our officers
no longer conceal their disgust for their
allies, and it is understood that the
warm friendship displayed toward them
at first has turned into contempt, for
the Cubans have ne.Hher fought nor
worked.
The correspondpnt of the Associated
Press who sends this dispatch saw a
group of Cubans refuse point-blank to
aid in building roads, and during the
two days of heavy fighting, while they
were loitering in the roar, our surgeons
sought In vain to secure assistance
from them even to cut poles for im
provised litters for our wounded.
Hundreds of such instances are being
told around the camp fires, until the
name of Cuban is usually wreathed
with camp profanity and very rarely
is a kind word spoken of them. In
fact in some quarters there is a dis
position to prophesy an early collision
between our men and the Cubans.
General Shafter yesterday morning
sent an invitation to General Garcia to
attend the ceremony of raising the
American flag over Santiago, but the
Cuban general showed Ws resentment
by sending a reply which amply con
firmed the course which he and his
ragged and ignorant soldiers have fol
lowed during the weeks of hard fight
ing and campaigning which have re
sulted in the fall of Santiago. He de
clined the invitation saying he hated
the Spaniards and added that he did
not want to be where they were.
Since that time the Cubans have re
mained in their camp, eating American
From a Photograph Ta^er) Especially for the Call.
rations and our troops have had no
communication with them.
BATTLING AGAINST
THE YELLOW SCOURGE
Every Precaution for the Protection
of American Troops Around
Santiago.
SANTIAGO, July 18. via Kingston,
July 19. — Strenuous efforts to prevent
the spread of infectious diseases among
the American troops In front of San
tiago de Cuba were made as soon as
the city surrendered, and for the past
thirty-six hours our soldiers have been
sent as rapidly as possible to the hills
to the north of the city, where new
camps have been established.
Everything possible is being done to
improve the sanitary conditions of the
camps, especially in the case of the
troops which are expected to take part
in the expedition to Porto Rico. Of the
regiments here only those which are not
in the slightest degree infected will be
allowed to pro to Porto Rico. The others
will remain here for the present, en
camped on the high ground north of
Santiago. Two immune regiments from
New Orleans and Mobile are expected
here daily, and upon their arrival they
will be sent to the city, forming the
only American garrison which will re
main there.
The physical condition of our troops
is not considered serious, now that the
number of cases of fever is growing
less all the time, and it is believed that
the disease will disappear with the re
moval of the soldiers to healthier local
ities and the extra precautions which
are being taken.
General Wheeler's cavalry division Is
practically free from sickness and
probably will be allowed to go to Porto
Rico to take part in the campaign.
TOPEKA FIRED UPON BY
A SPANISH GUNBOAT
Nipe Harbor Incident in Which Our
Cruiser Puts the Enemy
to Flight.
Special dispatch to The Call and the New York
Hi-rald. Copyrighted, 189S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
KEY WEST, July 19.— The San Fran
cisco arrived at 8 o'clock this morning
from Nipe to coal. The blockade has
been extended to that point. At Nipe a
Spanish gunboat came to the entrance
of the harbor and fired upon the To
peka. The cruiser returned the fire and
made for the gunboat, but the latter
fled into the harbor.
At Banes, near Nipe, the Maple was
sent into the harbor. One of her boats
went ashore and found twenty-five in
surgents, who said that 1000 Spaniards
garrisoned the fort at Nipe.
BATTLE-SHIP INDIANA
UNDERGOING REPAIRS
Only Two of Our Vessels Damaged
in the Naval Operations
Against Santiago.
NEW YORK. July 19.— A dispatch
from Washington to the Herald says:
During the naval operations against
Santiago the only ships which sus
tained damage were the Brooklyn and
the battle-ship Indiana. Rear Admiral
Sampson has made an official report
to the Navy Department regarding the
injury done to the latter vessel by a
shell fired from a Spanish mortar. The
shell fell on the spar deck of the bat
tle-ship and exploded, destroying the
ceiling and walls of several of the
THE PUNISHMENT OF
SHAFTER'S ASSAILANT.
o o
O NEW YORK, July 19. — The Washington correspondent of the ©
O Herald telegraphs: Among officials at the War Department indig- O
O nation was expressed this morning at the attack upon General O
O Shafter by Sylvester Scovel, correspondent of the New York World. O
O One of these officials, high in authority, said that it was not simply O
© an attack upon a citizen, but upoi the head of an army, and as ©
© such was an affront to every American citizen. This official said O
© that an example should have been made of Scovel in such a way Q
© as to become historic. At the same time, I ascertained that no or- Q
© ders touching the case had gone from the department, and the O
O whole management of it would be left to General Shafter. I was ©
© told by one accurately informed that the probable disposition of the O
© matter would be that General Shafter would have Scovel put aboard O
O ship and sent back to the United States with an order prohibiting O
O him from again accompanying the army. Judge Advocate Gen- O
© eral Lieber said there was no formulated military law covering O
© such a case as this, where the assaliant was not a soldier, but as Q
© Santiago was now under martial law, Scovel could have undobt- O
© edly been tried by court martial for the assault. Another United ©
Q States army officer, an official at the War Department, said that if Q
© Scovel had been a soldier the law would be plain and the penalty Q
© would be death, but under the circumstances Scovel would be tried ©
O as if he had attacked a civilian. This official said he knew Shafter Q
© well, and had be been armed would have shot Scovel on the spot. O
O O
0000000000000000000000000000000000
ward rooms occupied by officers, but
no one was injured. Repairs to the
vessel are being effected at Guantan
amo by the engineer repair ship Vulcan
and the ship's force.
NURSES, DOCTORS AND
MEDICINE FOR CUBA
A Rabbi and Two Protestant Clergy
men Also Sail on the Relief
Ship.
NEW YORK, July 19.— 0n board the
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
/^ll An Honest Offer
§An en Suffer From the Effects
To Weak Men.
ss=a» To Men Who Suffer From the Effects
%^^^^o^fe, of Past Mistakes— Whose Vitality is
iff Gradually Wasting— To ThoSe Par-
W%mi ' iw/M''' ticularly Who Have Drugged in Vain
—This Is a Fair Offer.
I have nothing to give free- nobody gives value. for nothing— but I
want to prove to every honest man that my, Electric Belt, known and praised
in every hamlet in the land, does cure and has cured in thousands of cases
this weakening drain upon young men. There have been published in my
book, in the daily papers and by other means over 5000 voluntary state-
ments from men who told of their cures "of this wasting weakness by my
Belt OVER 5000. .
I Will Pay $1000 in Gold
To the man or woman who, will disprove one of these 5000 and . odd testi-
monials. I have the original letters or the signed statements of each man
on file, and will be glad to show them to any honest seeker for truth.
It Is an Electric Life-Giver. N
This wonderful Beit of mine pours energy into the weakened part*
during the ' night, while the .patient sleeps, developing the nerves and
muscles and restoring. the old vigor, the snap and power of man. /;_;
READ THE BOOK, "THREE CLASSES OF MEN."
It is, free, sealed, by mail. It is full "of these grateful letters. Send or
call for it Free test of the Belt at the office. Call or direct
D n!l\^' T# ? AN EN ' * NOT IN DRUG STORES. *
: 1 02 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco. ' ■ . • ■ , .
Ordce hours. S A. M to 8 P. M • Sundays, Dr. Eanden's Electrio Belt
»T 10 to L Branches at Los Angeles. Cal.. JM',4 ls " ever sold In drug stores
South Broadway; Portland Or 253 Washing- nor by traveling. agent*; only .
ton street; Denver. Col.. 931 Sixteenth street; I at our office.
Dallas. Tex.. 2*5 Main street. .". *— ———*
relief ship Resolute, which sailed to
day for Cuba, were 73 male nurses, ten
female nurses and ten physicians.
There are also on board a rabbi and
two Protestant clergymen, who were
sent by the National Relief Associa
tion. The medical supply department
shipped to Santiago on the Resolute
750,000 three-grain quinine pills.
Arizona's New Chief.
PHOENIX. July 19.— A telegram was
received to-day from Hon. N. O. Murphy
at Washington. D. C, stating that ha
would be in Phoenix on August 1 to as
sume his duties as Governor of Arizona
34
PLANS FOR
CAPTURE OF
PORTO RICO
Miles' Departure Briefly
Delayed by Failure to
Get Orders.
Owing to Complications With the
Cubans All of Shatter's Army
Is Needed at Santiago.
WASHINGTON, July 19— Because of ' I
a failure on the part of General Miles :
to receive the orders the President pre- '
pared late yesterday to take command j
of the military expedition against Porto .
Rico that officer did not depart as was :
expected from Siboney. The mistake i
was corrected this morning, and as a <
result of some short telegraphic corre- j (
spondence that followed during the day .
it was gathered at the department that '
the Tale would start to-night. Contrary
to the first intention, and probably I
without General Miles* seeking, the I
Tale is to be convoyed by a naval yes- j
sel that Admiral Sampson has been In- ,
structed to select from among the yes- '
pels of his fleet. This may result In de- :
laying General Miles* programme some- i
what, as none of the ■ vessels with I
Sampson are able to keep pace with ;
the Tale. Nevertheless, there Is no (
doubt that the general will reach Porto
Rico before the detachment of troops
from Charleston.
War Department officials feel that
they are fully justified in their decision
to retain practically all of Shatter's
army at Santiago by the press reports
that reached them to-day, indicating
the growth of serious friction between
the American forces and the Cuban
troops, growing out of the latter's ex
clusion from Santiago by General Shaf
ter's orders. It is felt now that the
garrison originally proposed, two im
mune regiments, would have been quite
insufficient to meet an outside Spanish
force that might come from Holquin
or Manzanillo and also to restrain the j
rapacity of the Cubans. It is realized !
that the present situation is full of dim- ;
culty and the future is dark, owing to i
the disposition evidenced by the Cubans
to ignore or refuse to be bound by the
amenities of modern warfare. This
first symptom of friction has suggested
to the officials innumerable - nculties
that will arise in the future. Of course j
it would seem to be only politic now to
avoid an open rupture with the Cubans,
provided that they can be kept in leash
and not involve the United States D the
disgrace that would follow the sacking
of helpless communities, but it begins
to appear that for some time to come.
and even afte^. the wnquest of Cuba is :
complete, the United States must main
tain there a military government in
order to meet the responsibilities which
it has assumed to the civilized world.
The personnel of the Porto Rican ex
pedition had been left In a large meas
ure in the hands of General Brooke; it
is not possible yet to give an acurate
roster of the organizations that will
enter into it.
The President announced privately
to-day that while no date of departure
of the troops to be sent from Chicka- ■
mauga to Porto Rico had been fixed,
he expected they would leave about one .
week from to-morrow. He is awaiting
a detailed report from General Brooke,
recommending what troops and sup
plies should be sent from Chickamauga. :
The present plan Is stated to be to em
bark them at Newport News or Nor- j
folk, and those at Tampa either there
or at Key West.
Admiral Sampson has received final '
orders from the Navy Department as
to the part the American fleet is to take
in the campaign against Porto Rico.
They are based on the view that the
campaign is essentially an army move
ment, the duties of the navy being to
lend every support and assistance to
the land operations. The admiral is
Instructed to aid the army movements !
by dispatching convoys when required i
and by covering the landing of troops.
As there is no Spanish fleet in San i
Juan harbor or other Porto Rican
ports, the navy has a limited field of
operation. The reduction of the harbor
fortifications will be the main work,
but this and all other operations of the
fleet will be supplementary to the main
operations conducted by the army. The
strategist?, military and naval, are
agreed that the taking of Porto Rico is
primarily a military undertaking, and
Admiral Sampson's orders are on these
lines.
The Navy Department Is rapidly
moving the large fleet of auxiliary
craft, made up of merchant ships,
large ocean-going yachts, tugs, etc.,
from Atlantic coast points to Cuban
waters, where they will be placed on
blockade duty, thus releasing the
larger ships for more active duty at
Porto Rico, and the coast of Spain.
Three of these smaller craft were sent
couth to-day, and most aH of them will
be on the way within a week, stopping
only long 'enough at Norfolk to have
their batteries strengthened.
When the war broke out a large
INTERIOR GARRISONS
WILL NOW SURRENDER
WASHINGTON, July 19.— General Shatter, in a dis
patch to the War Department, says he will send officers and
men to receive the surrender of garrisons in the interior, es
timated to be about 2000 soldiers. He will also send forces
to receive the surrender of the coast towns of Baracoa, Guan
tanamo and Sagua de Tanamo. Ten thousand stands oi
arms, he said, were taken at Santiago. Following is Shaf
ter's dispatch:
Playa. 9:30 a. m. — Headquarters near Santiago. July
19- — Adjutant General. Washington: My ordnance officer
reports over 10.000 rifles sent in and 10.000,000 rounds of
ammunition. Will send officers and troops to-morrow to re
ceive the surrender of the interior garrisons. There are about
2000 troops at these places. Will send officers to receive the
surrender of the coast garrisons at Guantanamo, Baracoa
and Sagua de Tanamo.
"W. R. SHAFTER, Major General."
number of these auxiliary craft were
purchased. They have been distrib
uted along the coast from Maine to
Florida, at some forty or more points,
making an effective coast patrol. There
is felt to be no further need of this
patrol, so that, with the exception of
a few important points, the auxiliary
craft will be withdrawn for service in
Cuba.
Bids will be opened to-morrow in
New York in the presence of Colonel
Hecker, chief of the Transportation
Bureau of the War Department, for
the conveyance home to Spain of the
Spanish army captured by General
Shafter. Meanwhile, In advance of
the opening, a bid has come to the de
partment from one of the big: foreign
lines, proposing: to carry IS, OOO men
from Santiago to Cadiz for the lump
sum ol £125,000. Any increase or di
munition in the number will be
charged for In the same proportion.
This bid Is being held up subject to
the formal opening to-morrow.
MILES PROBABLY
AWAITS CONVOYS
WASHINGTON, July 19.— It Is re
garded as certain by the officers of the
War Department that General Miles i
and the first contingent of the Porto
Rican expedition are now en route from
Santiago to the point in Porto Rico
where a landing is to be effected. Sec
retary Alger said this evening that he
hoped and expected that General Miles,
with his forces from Cuba, would get :
away to-night.
At S o'clock to-night General Miles j
was still in Cuban waters, but so far i
a? the war officials here are informed, '
the vanguard of the Porto Rican ex- '
pedition was finally prepared to leave, j
The War Department exchanged sev
era! cable messages with General Miles :
during the late afternoon and early
evening; regarding the details of the ex- '
pedition, but in none of his dispatches
did the general indicate the precise
hour of his departure. The impression
conveyed is that he was awaiting the
naval vessels which are to act as con-
\ ; -
It is stated definitely that General
Miles has no intention to await the ar
rival of the several parts of the expe
dition from the United States before
:.g upon Porto Rico. It is. in fact,
I - ] :: ; Be, with such troops as he now
has, to brea». ground on the island for
the forces that will arrive later from
this country. His landing will be ef
fected, if necessary, under the guns of
the vessels of the navy. It is not an
ticipated that serious resistance will
be encountered, as the Spanish force
on the entire island is only slightly
larger than the force which accom
panies General Miles.
Arrangements for the departure of
th troops from this country, which are
to comprise the erreater part of the ex
pedition, are being pressed with the ut
most vigor. Difficulty is being experi
enced in securing pro-er transports,
but that in a measure has been over
come. Within a day or two. 10.000 men,
it Is expected, wi'.l be afloat for Porto
Rico, and the remainder of the expedi
tion will be sent forward as rapidly as
possible.
This afternoon and evening the com
missary department of the army was
engaged in making preparations for the
subsistence of the Porto Rican expe
dition. It is an enormous task, and
General Egan. the commissary general,
is still busily engaged in perfecting his
plans. Practically all the necessary
supplies, except fresh beef, have been
provided for.
NO REPAIR SHIP FOR
THE PACIFIC COAST
Belief That the War Will Be Over
Before the Vessel Could Start
for Manila.
NEW YORK, July 19.— A "Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Sec- :
: retary Long has determined not to ac
■ cept the recommendations made by En
i gineer-in-Chief Melville for the pur
chase of a steamer on the Pacific Coast
to be fitted up as an engineer repair
shop, like the Vulcan. This action is
due to the Secretary's belief that by
the time the ship is ready to start for
Manila the war will be ended. I un
' derstand the Secretary feels that if
any of the ships should sustain dam
'■, age it will be an easy matter to send
them to Hongkong, where they can be
: repaired, the neutrality laws of Great
! Britain permitting ships requiring re
pairs to enter a port for that purpose.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TVEDXESDAY, JULY 20, 1898.
NATIVES
MAY MAKE
TROUBLE
Insurgents Feared More
Than Germans in the
Philippines.
Washington and Berlin Govern
ments Said to Have an Amica
ble Understanding.
NEW YORK, July 19.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: Officials of the administra
tion are now in greater fear of trouble
in the Philippines from the insurgents
than from Germans. Germany has so
strongly impressed her sincerity and
friendship upon the administration that
the President and his Cabinet have no
longer any reason to doubt the presence
of her warships In the Philippines is
simply due to her desire to adequately
protect German citizens and German
Interests.
On the authority of a high official I
am able to say that through official
channels this Government has been In
formed that the acts of German officers
attached to warships in Manila are un
authorized and are deprecated by the
Berlin Government. These assurances
have had their effect upon the officials.
They frankly declare there Is no longer
any fear of Germany interfering in any
way with American operations in the
Philippines, but that the insurgents are
likely to seriously annoy und embar
rass Major General Merrltt and the
troops under his command.
When I asked Secretary Long to-day
if he had received dispatches of any
nature from Rear Admiral Dewey he
positively stated that he had not heard
from that officer, thus denying the re
port that news had reached Washing
ton.
It is said by international lawyers
that Rear Admiral Dewey has a right
to prohibit German men-of-war from
eontinuatty passing in and out of the
harbor, and credence is placed in the
report that the McCulloeh overhauled
the German warship Irene. Before
passing upon the correctness of Rear
Admiral Dewey's action the authori
ties are waiting t<i hear from him. The
Secretary's instructions state "men-of
war of neutral powers should as a mat
ter of courtesy be allowed passage from
and to a blockaded port," and in view
of the instruction the authorities ap
preciate Rear Admiral Dewey had
some excellent reason for dispatching
the McCulloeh to overhaul the Irene.
In sending the McCuT.och the author
ities see an act of courtesy, designed
probably to impress the German offi
cers -with the idea that Rear Admiral
Dewey had no intention of using force
in requesting them to observe tn<? laws
md customs prevailing in blockaded
ports.
In the Herald's announcement this
morning that Agrulnaldo would not at
tack Manila until a sufficient force of
Americans had arrived the authorities
find some ground for their fears re
specting the insurgents. This an
nouncement means that Agulnaldo.
notwithstanding innumerable intrigues
which he doubtless has set on toot, and
concerning some of which tW authori
ties have been addressed, well appre
ciates that Rear Admiral Dewey is
master of the situation and will comply
with his -wishes. These wishes, as com
municated to Aguinaldo, are that noth
ing shall be done looking to the reduc
tion of the city until Major General
Merritt with the third army expedition
reaches Cavite, early in August.
It is the desire of the administration
to have a sufficient force of Americans
at hand to obviate the necessity of for
eign men-of-war landing marines for
the protection of the interests of their
respective governments. As soon as
Manila has capitulated, Major-General
Merritt will issue his proclamation de
claring the Philippines a military-pos
session of the "Cnited States, and here
will undoubtedly come a clash with
Aguinaldo, if it comes at all. Like the
Cubans, he and the men under his com
mand, desire the possession of Manila
and the control of the islands under a
government republic of which he pro
; claimed himself President. Any inter
ference with the American troops by
; the insurgents will result in operation?
against them, as it is the principle of
international law that it is the right
and duty of the conqueror to secure
: his conquest, and to provide for the
maintenance of civil order and the
rights of the inhabitants. General Mer
ritt is empowered to take such action
against any person or persons resisting
i his authority as the rules of martial
; law permit.
ADMIT THAT THERE
ARE DIFFERENCES
BERLIN, July 19.— A1l official infor
mation as to the incident in which the
German cruiser Irene figured at Subig
Bay, Philippine Islands, in regard to
the shot fired across her bows by the
United States auxiliary cruiser Mc-
Culloch and regarding Admiral yon
Diederich's interview with Captain
Chichester of the B-itish warship Im
mortalite as to what the latter would
do if the Germans interfered with the
bombardment of Manila, Captain Chi
chester replying that only Admiral
Dewey and himself knew that, is re
fused here. The oerman officials will
only admit that differences of opinion
between Admiral Dewey and Admiral
yon Diedorichs as to the right of
searching warships, have occurred, and
the Germans add Admiral yon uieder
ichs refused to allow German warships
to be searched.
VEERING OF THE
GERMAN PRESS
BERLIN, July 19.— The Vossische
Zeitung in a much discussed article,
prefaced by the statement that some
rectification is needed of the errors re
garding German feeling toward Amer
lea. asserts that the unfriendly senti
ments are fostered by the Interested
English press.
It proceeds to declare that Germany
has always stood by America, and re
minds the Americans of Germany's
friendly attitude during the civil war.
On the other hand, it says Germany has
suffered many petty annoyances from
Spain, still she cannot help her ad
miration of Spanish valor. The article
reflects the general veering of the press
in favor of th» United States,
MOHAMMED TORRES NOT
TO BE INTIMIDATED
Will Neither Proclaim. Morocco's
Neutrality Nor Allow the
Cable to Be Cut.
Special cable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
TANGIER, July 19.— Mohammed Tor
res refuses to make an official declara
tion of neutrality. For him neutrality
means not interfering in any way. The
Ministers met to-day and decided to
make fresh representations. Mohammed
Torres, however, refused to be moved.
The Russian Consul, therefore, reck
oned prematurely on his moral influ
ence over him. The Spaniards held a
meeting and threatened to cut the
cable. Representations were conse
quently made by the British Minister,
and Torres sent a guard of fifty soldiers
to protect it, with orders to fire at the
first attempt to cut it.
STRENGTHENING THE
DEFENSES OF CADIZ
Obsolete Guns Replaced by Modern
Ones — Fishing-Boats Under
Restrictions.
Special cable to The Call and the New Tork
HeraJd. Copyrighted. ISSS, by James Gor
don Bennett.
CADIZ, July 19.— Since I last tele
graphed the fifth battery on Torre
gorda, which had been directed north,
■ has had its guns turned toward the
I south. The guns are 30-centimeter Hon
torias. The Cortadena battery has a
i 100 ton gun. The Governor has had his
I Carraca quarters evacuated to provide
j lodgings for officers. Several obsolete
| guns have been replaced. Fishing boats
| have been forbidden to go out at night
I to avoid naval surprises.
ADVICE OF LEO TO
CUBAN CATHOLICS
The Pope Said to Favor an Au-
tonomical Regime for the
Island.
MADRID, July 19.— The Rome corre
spondent of the Imparcial telegraphs
that if a plebiscite is resolved upon to
fix the fate of Cuba the Pope will ad
vise Cuban Catholics to vote for an
autonomical regime under the joint pro
tection of Spain and the United States,
both nations guaranteeing a loan for
th? organization of the Cuban adminis
tration.
The Embassadors of Spain and Aus
] tria held a lone conference to-day with
Cardinal Rampolli. who afterward con-
I suited with the Pope.
BRYAN GETS AN OVATION.
CENTRALIA, 111.. July 19.— The
Bryan regiment reached Centralia, in
the home county of Colonel Bryan, at
10:30 p. m., three hours behind time. A
crowd of 5,000 waited for the train and
gave the soldiers a rousing welcome.
The near relatives of Colonel Bryan
gathered here and gave him an affec
tionate greeting. A magnificent floral
emblem, a wreath surrounding a pic
ture of Bryan, with a horseshoe
suspended underneath the picture, was
presented by the citizens of Marion
county. The presentation speech was
made by Rev. J. L. Waller and a brief
response was made by Colonel Bryan.
Washington Volunteers Coming.
VANCOUVER BARRACKS. Wash..
July 19.— The Third Battalion, Wash
ington Volunteers, will leave here for
San Francisco to-morrow to join the
First and Second Battalions. The order
from the War Department was read to i
the troops at dress parade to-night. The
regiment is. fully equipped for field ser
vice, and it is believed it will go to the
Philippines.
They are those who do not feel weak.* They are those who have
no weak nerves. Are you one? If you are not you ought to be. Why
not be a man again ? You _ were as well vitalized by nature as others.
But you are not strong, full of vigor and power to-day. Have you over-
taxed one of your big powers? If so, and your knees feel weak some-
times and you see spots before the eyes, ask about " Hudyan." If it it -
true that "Hudyan 1 ' has cured 20,000 men, why will it not cure YOU V
Send to the great Institute and ask what it has done for the.others who ,
were puny. That will cost two cents if you live out of the city, if you
live in the city. and will call, it will cost nothing. Manhood is surely
worth such a /small trifle. -' •-
HUDSON KDICAL KSTnCTE,itockt«aL Market and Ellis 5ts a San Fraacis<&
FAMINE PRICES
STILL PREVAIL AT
CUBA'S CAPITAL
Story of Three Spanish Deserters
Picked Up off Havana Harbor
by the Terror.
FROM THE CALL-HERALD SPEC
IAL CORRESPONDENT, on board
the United States monitor Terror, off
Havana, July 14.
While cruising off the entrance to
Havana harbor at daybreak this morn
ing the Terror pitted up a small boat
in which were three deserters from the
Spanish gunboat Aguila which is in
side the harbor. They rowed out to us
under the cover of darkness and dur
ing a heavy rain. They were Jose Fer
nandez, Antonio Gonzales and Antonio
Capellastegin. They brought with
them their arms and considerable am
munition and told us many interest
ing things about the effect of the block
ade.
According to their story the price of
rice in Havana now is 20 cents a pound,
and there is only one sho^ where it Is
sold. The supnly will be gone in a week.
There are no potatoes in the city, and
other vegetables are very scarce and
very dear. Beans cannot be had at any
price. Meat is 30 cents a pound. Bread
in small quantities is sold at a price be
yond the reach of common people; a
loaf which is issued to soldiers, weigh
ing less than a pound, can be bought
in some places for 50 cents. There are
no crackers in the city. Fowl are in the
reach of the wealthy at $4 each.
The three deserters told me that Car
denas, Matanzas and Cienfuegas are
starving and cannot hold out more than
a week.
These are the warships that are ac
tually in Havana harbor: First-class
cruiser Alfonso XII. second-class cruis
ers Marques de la Ensenada, Conde de
Venadito and the Infanta Isabel; tor
pedo boats Marques de Molins, Martin
Alonso Pinsos, Vicenta Yanez, Pinzon
and Xeuva Espana; gunboats Aguila
and Flecha, The transport boat Le
gaspi, the merchant ships Vivina and
Madrileno. belonging to a company of
Serra. from Bilboa. the Julia Cosme
Herrera, Avlles. Rita and several sail
ing vessels are also there.
About the fortifications the deserters
told a long story, but the officers of the
fleet do not think they have told all
about the defenses. The entrance to
Havana, they said, is fortified on both
sides, on El Chivo with two cannon of
30.5 centimeters, two of 57 millimeters.
Nordenfeld style, and some old cannon
of smaller calibre. In Morro are two
cannon of 12 centimeters, two rapid-fire
guns, two of 24 centimeters, old style,
and others of smaller calibre. At La
Punta there are two cannon of 40 centi
meters, Xordenfeld style, and many
others of older style. Besides the bat
tery of La Reina, which is very
strongly fortified, there is that of Santa
Clara, with two cannon of 32 centi
meters, and that of La Chorrera. At
the entrance to El Morro thirteen tor
pedoes have been placed.
MINE OPERATORS TALK
OF IMPORTING NEGROES
Strikers in the Penwell Coal District
Seem to Be Masters of the
Situation.
PAN'A, HI.. July 19.— An attempt to-day
to resume operations at the Penwell coal
mine failed. A force of armed deputies
and police were on hand, but the plan of
conveying the miners in carriages to the
mine to work was abandoned by the op
erators for the reason that no miner
could be induced to return, almost all the
non-union miners hsrving joined the union.
It is said that the next move of the op
erators will be to try to import negroes
to operate the mines.
INVASION OF ECUADOR
BY PERUVIAN REBELS
Establish Themselves in a Town Near
the Frontier as a Base of
Operations.
PANAMA. Colombia, July 19.— The Her
ald's correspondent in Guayaquil, kcua
dor, telegraphs that the Government has
received news of an invasion of rebels
from the Peruvian frontier. The insur
rectionists have established themselves in
a town near the frontier as a base of
operations.
DANISH WEST INDIES
TAKING NO CHANCES
Too Close Construction of the Neu
trality Laws Ties Up a Coal-
Laden Steamer.
ST. THOMAS. D. W. 1., July 19— The
American auxiliary cruiser Yosemite has
sailed for Key West. The Danish Gov
ernment refused to allow her to tow out
the steamer Southard, whose cargo of
coal, it is claimed, was purchased prior
to the declaration of war between Spain
and the United States and i«. therefore,
net subject to the neutrality laws.
Signal Corps Fully Recruited.
WASHINGTON. July 19-The seven-
teen companies of the volunteer signal
corps have now been recruited to their
full strength. Each company consists of
sixty-three persons, including officers and
men, and a company is to be assigned to
each division of the army.
Alleged Swindlers Taken.
LOS ANGELES. July 19.-Frank A.
Marcher, the jewe'.er who is accused of
having assisted in a brass watch swindle,
in which H. J. Loomis, a Cucamonga
rancher, lost SI2OO. was captured here to
day, and it is learned to-night that De
tective Gard has arrested also Charles A.
Gove, alias Gould, alias Jackson, who is
said to have been the principal In the
shady transaction and who was supposed
to have gone to San Francisco and Seat
tie. Marcher was hiding in his home on
Maple avenue.
Detroit Harness Races.
DETROIT. July 19.— Shortly before noon
an unusually heavy rain soaked the
freshly harrowed track, and the drying
out process was not nearly completed
during the afternoon. Frank Bogash, Ru
bonstein and Bumps paced the deciding
heat in their yesterday's race — the 2:04
pace. Bogash went under the wire a nose
ahead of Ruber.stein. Bumps was a poor
third. Time, 2:21»i.
2:15 pacing, purse J2ooO— Redlnda won first,
second and fourth heats. Best time, 2:K~».
Harry Oner won third heat In 2.20 V Journey-,
man third. Mlnnetta. Rhoda Farrand and
Bower}' Boy also started.
1:11 trotting, purse 12900 (unfinished) — Mattle
Patterson won third and fourth heats. Time,
ADVERTISEMENTS. . _ _.
Goes far-you
f
Schilling's Best coffee — grocer's
imackafs i WEEKLY CALL
♦ - -.- ♦
° SEMI-ANNUAL O
1 REMNANT le^ It Publishes the Cream of th«
J KCJfinAnl I J News ATTRACTIVE AND
J ■ ._ _ o 2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
SAI F °°i ORIGINAL FEATURES.
o 4-/ ♦ c/ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
0 OF nI OC v PAPER ON THE
♦ ■■"*?•'- , Xj _J pacific coast
1 wAKI tl J oo< JJ7teT\ /'Mining
♦and ♦ °j Telegraphic \/ News That
♦ T nTAT rTTIv ♦ Service on /\ Is Accurato
I LINOLEUM H ihe£Ms >/ N*^-
9 Comprising about 5000 yards, choice ° ©/
♦ patterns In all grades. In lengths of 3 ♦ » - —■■ -
♦ p°ri?e S yar<is ' at these extraordlnary iow °o( Not a Line of It Sensational
5 ■'5o^S^..:::::::::-"::SS5S3SS§ o< or Faky, and Not a Line of •
o body Brussels «3p r«r yard ♦ 3 it Dry or Uninteresting.
f WILTON" VEU^ETS OOcperyari O OC *^
♦ AXMIXSTER ..O3c per yard ♦ I
o i o ©< I Brlsht, Cle«c , A Cbemp'on I=Z5
♦ ♦
O O O\ Bright, Clean, j A Champ' oo of
♦ ENGLISH LINOLEUM REMNANTS $ 3 j Tho« B htiuu j Truth. |
♦ And full quantities, 33c per square J ' T
♦ is a eenulne Special Sale W° J 4 CALIFORNIA MWSPAPEI
V close cut odd lengths and dropped pat- ♦ *^\ ... ¥UC TIU
♦ terns. Tou can't afford to miss it. O I ALL int. II «L
O Bring measurements with you. ♦ Ol —
♦ °i eJ fT ADVOCATES I SENT BT
% * i I HOME H4JL. 51.5«
o FURNITURE ♦ °< industries 1 a yeab.
O DURING REMNANT SALE 2 ; ~
a In this department we offer a|ST Per * - __
!T special discount of atf C«nt v | |?»3 CUehester** EmrilOi PUoasi Brut. -
° ready low price. our ai- * rERRYROYAL PILLS
♦ ready !ow price, 0 fEHNYROYAL PILLS
♦ o i P'^-<S*X Orlainal and Onlj GesolM. A
j ALEX MACKAY & SON, ♦ i*3&s£^m^z^32zW
° 715 Market Street. o Iv B rt»kie«.-»ufu-.kT t^i
♦■©♦0-»-0-»-0-»-o*o-«-0-»-0-«-0-»-O-»-o^o-»- fcMbj*UL^l>; "* v l€ ™~ l * - ff* I Tjji5 > l gJ
Cokdvctor: I don't know how I would get along if it wasn't for"
Ripans Tabules. We men here on the road are
always in such a hustle," and get so little timi '.
to eat and have to swallow our food so quickly.
*no wonder we have dyspepsia. I know I suffered
with it for nearly two years before I got "onto"
the Tabules, and 1 was in misery all the time. I
constantly had pains in my stomach and chest, and
a diwy feeling about ray head. My bo we didn't
work regularly, and I felt "mean ~ all the time. I
m*aw Ripans Tabules advertised so much I bough!
come, and after taking them for a month felt like
a new man. I have a boy who was troubled with
Indigestion, and gave some to him. They proved
3» be just he needed.
1:18. 2:17%. Judge at Law won "«eond heat
in 2:16^. Askey distanced in the fourth heat.
w«n first heat in 2:16. Sister. Alino. Belle M.,
Ellert and Tudor Chimes also started.
AMERICAN ENERGY IN KOREA.
About to Build Roads. Bridges and
Other Public Works.
YOKOHAMA, July 19.— The Government
has notified the powers that the now
commercial code went Into operation on
July 1 and that the Civil Code became
operative on July 16.
It is reported that the l-pited States
Minister to Korea. Mr. H. N. AHen has
concluded an agreement at Seoul with the
Korean Minister for the engagement or
American experts to survey the countrj
with a view to building roads, bridges
and other public works.
ZOLA GOES INTO EXILE
TO ELUDE ARREST
Rather Than Be Returned to Prison
the Novelist Quits His
Native Land.
PARIS. July li-.-M. Krr.ile Zola, who,
with M. Perreux, ma
was sentenced yesterday " M - Im
prisonment and -
charge of libel brought a«alruit him by
the officers of the I
tial. has gone to Lucerne, Switzerland, to
avoid arrest.
Seaside Laboratory Closed.
PACIFIC GROVE. July IS.-The regular
six weeks" term of the Hopkins Seaslda
Laboratory of Stanford University closed
on Monday, and a large number of
students returned to-day to their homes.
Some of the students and all of the pro
fessors are yet here, however, doing
special work, and several are pursuing
lines of original research with regard to
some of the rarer forms of life founa in.
the waters of Monterey Bay. The lab
oratory will be open for workers through
out the present season, but no classes
will be conducted after August 1.TREASURE SHIP
ROANOKE BRINGS
KLONDIKE GOLD
Arrives at Seattle With Over Two
Million Dollars in Dust ar)d
Drafts.
SEATTLE, July 19.— The treasure
ship Roanoke arrived in port this after
noon from St. Michael with $1,536,000 in
Klondike gold, about $500,000 in drafts
and 240 passengers. It is the lirst im
portant golden message from the Yukon
mining district to reach Seattle this
spring.
On this one vessel are four tons of
g"M and the shipment would have been
larger had it not l>ten abridged by the
caution of miners in the interior. Fears
of marine disaster or piratical attack
have led heavy gold owners in Dawson
to Intrust their ergs to many baskets.
The bulk of the gold, 70.000 ounces,
has be^n stored during the trip down in
eevon boxes in a double cabin forward.
Five boxes, containing 50,000 ounces, or
' 00, are in the name of the Cana
dian Bank of Commerce; the <-ther two,
containing 20,( ) ounces, or $320,000, rep
resent the wealth of private individuals
shipped through the North American
Trading and Transportation Company.
Desire to evade the royalty and gen
eral mistrust have withheld a number
of large owners from turning their
money over to either bank or company
for safe keer>i~g. Such men have had
their wealth stored in their cabins and
have guarded it vigilantly. In many
instances four or five miners pooled and
guards were appointed for the down
trip.
The arrival of the Roanoke in Seat
tle was the signal for intense excite
ment, and scenes which attended the
coming: down of treasure ships last
fall were re-enacted. Vague rumors
of mishap had been stated because of
the delay of the steamer's arrival. Time
was lost in the run down by coaling at
Dutch Harbor, and by reason of re-
I speed through a fog later en
countered. It is true there have been
among the more timid passen
f pirates and nearly all aboard
i firearms. At St. Michael the
Kunboat Wheeling and the revenue cut
■u-ar were anchored within easy
nee of the Roanoke and St. Paul
and just prior to the departure of the
treasure ships the Wheeling sailed for
Harbor and waited until both
had passed that point in safety.
There were rumors of shady charac
■ i board the Roanoke and fear of
them was aggravated by a robbery
which took place on the steamer P. B
Weare. on its trip down the river.
Judge McGulre of tho Civil and
Criminal courts in the STukon District
has announced his Intention of leav
ing the territory, and is probably now
on his way out. Gold Commissioner
Fawcett will follow in the fall. They
have no intention of returning. It is
Bald they feel as bitt.-r against the way
things are being run as does Captain
< 'onstantine.
The gold brought down on the Roa
n.'ke will be assayed at the Govern
ment office in this city.
A. E. Benson of Illinois intrusted
$.'.OOO to the care of W. Patten of Kan
ity. who was one of the regular
guards >■:" the treasure on the Weare.
'>n reaching St. Michael Patten was
unable to return the money, claiming
that it had been stolen from his room.
A passenger of note is Captain Con-
Ftantine, who has been at the head of
the police of the Northwest Territory
for some years. He is on a two months'
leave of absence, but it is understood
that he is disgusted with the manner
In which some of the Canadian officials
at Dawson have been extorting money
from the miners, and unless the evil is
remedied he will not likely return to
that country.
Charles P. Burnett, The Call's special
rorrespondent at St. Michael, reports
that a great rush of prospectors is set-
Ting in from all directions to the Koyu
kuk River, which Joins the Yukon six
hundred miles from Its mouth on the
northern side. The Koyukuk is a
mighty river, fed by seven branches,
each branch taking substance in turn
from countless creeks and smaller
streams.
The whole country drained hy thp
Ffvon branches is laced with running
water in intricate design and many in
dications point to the existence in these
divergent and widespread headwaters
of vast mineral wealth. Many are head-
Ing to the new fields in small boats and
Bteamers or over the land trail from
Fort Hamlin.
Seven steamers owned by private ex
pfditions are being prepared back of
St. Michael Island tn run exploring
parties up the Koyukuk this spring.
Two other steamers whose destination
is the same are almost completed at
Dutch Harbor. Passengers could be
readily obtained at the mouth of the
Yukon by any steamer scheduled to
make regular trips to the new district,
but such enterprise is checked by the
fact that the companies at St. Michael
and Fort Get There refuse to soil sup
plies to such steamers at any K-.5.-> than
retail prices. Failing to obtain steamer
passage many will go up the river in
small boats, and the district soon will
b» alive with prospectors.
W. M. Scott, a mining expert of Chi
cago, is authority for the statement
that on Tramway Bar are staked 12
claims of 20 acr»s each. On bedrock
th»rp nre 5 to S feet of gravel, and one
short season five miners took out therp
$20,000. Just above the bar is a splen
did vein Of lignite coal. The vein is
about 30 feet thick and has been staked
for its entire length. Only samples have
been so far taken out. Bar diggings
SHAFTER CLAIMS SHIPS
AS PRIZES OF THE ARMY
Copyrighted, IBSS, by the Associated Press.
SANTIAGO, July 18 (via Kingston, July 19). The
question has arisen between the army and navy officials as to
the disposition to be made of the half a dozen large Spanish
merchant steamers which were in the harbor of Santiago at
time of the surrender.
Rear Admiral Sampson arrived in the city to-day on the
Vixen and claimed the steamers were prizes of the navy. He
is desirous of putting prize crews on them. General Shafter
refused to recognize Admiral Sampson's claims. He claimed
the steamers, with everything else in Santiago, had surren
dered to him. The question apparently is undecided, but,
at any rate, the admiral returned to his flagship without hav
ing distributed prize crews among the merchantmen, and
the latter are still in possession of the army.
FORTUNES BROUGHT
ON THE ROANOKE.
William Sloan $110,000
Oeorge N. Belden 51.000
N. Barretter.o,oooe r.0,000
Alexander Boudette r.0,000
11. C. Anderson 40,000
Frank Conrad 40,000
James Ladd 40,000
Edward Monohan 35.000
D. L. Spencer 30.000
A. D. Gray 20,000
Joseph Chronister 20 000
W. F. Cobb 17,000
Asa Mclntosh 15,000
J. A. Miller ] 2,000
Olia Olson iq.ooo
Swan Peterson 10,000
J. S. Opdell 10.000
Frank Smith g,OOO
H. Lackmann S.OOO
Robert Insley 6,000
Edward Simpson 5,000
Robert G. Walker 5,000
W. H. Dryden 5,000
Charles Welsh 5,000
C. H. Cheatwood 4.000
Jack Shay 4,000
Frank Leslie 3,000
J. Merritt 3,000
John White 3,000
E. Singleton 3,000
Charles Allen 3,000
J. C. Stewart 2,500
Thomas Beveridge 2,500
William Marshall 2,500
William Briggs 2,000
W. J. McAlpin 2,000
David Renick 1,500
Alexander Little 1,500
James Reed 1.500
Sums of $15,000 or less are held
by others, but a majority of the
passengers are laboring men
coming out with between $2000
and $3000.
on various parts of the river have
yielded as high as $90 a day to the man.
THIRTY-SIX.MINERS
ARRIVE ON THE SAMOA
SEATTLE. July 19. — The steam
schooner Samoa arrived in port last
night from St. Michael. She brought
down thirty-six passengers. Captain
Johnson is responsible for the informa
tion that there was nearly $300,000 in
gold dust and drafts aboard.
The Samoa brings the news that the
river steamer Weare, on her way down
the Yukon from Dawson to St. Michael,
ran upon a sand bar and broke her
back. She was towed into St. Michael
by the steamer Hamilton.
The steamer Roanoke was to have
sailed for Seattle on July 9 with a large
number of passengers" and a large
amount of gold, estimated by the Sa
moa's passengers at all the way from
$5,000,000 to $10,000,000.
One misfortune after another seems
to have befallen the craft which have
Btaxted in tow for St. Michael and up
to the time of departure of the Samoa
not one of the numerous river craft had
arrived except those taken by the
steamer New England.
The steamer Conemaugh, which left
Seattle early in June with a river
steamer and barge in tow, when more
than half way on her voyage encoun
ter.-.1 a heavy gale and lost both the
river steamer and the barge and came
n--ar going to the bottom of the sea
herself. She was thrown on her beam
end and in this condition she wallowed
in the heavy sea for forty-eight hours.
Her crew and passengers had about
given up in despair. When the storm
abated she righted and succeeded in
reaching port in a battered and dilap-
Idated condition.
Thp steamship National City, with the
river steamer Jane Eyre in tow, also
experienced heavy weather, and not
withstanding hfroic efforts on the part
of her captain and crew to keep the
tow afloat, they were compelled to see
her broak to pieces.
The British stf-anipr Garrone, which
i loft Victoria with a barge in tow, and
a cargo in bond, lost the barge and
i will now have to return without hav
ing been able to land her cargo, owing
I to some hitch in the customs regula
i tions.
THE DORA BLUHN
BRINGS DAWSONITES
SEATTLE. July 19.-The schooner Dora
Bluhn. which left St. Michael on June
2S, arrived at Port Townsend this morn
ing with the following: passengers from
Circle City: Louis March Cristobal. Ta
coma; Robert Dumas, Tulare, Cal.; E. E
Girzlkowski, San Francisco; D Q Bux
ton Arizona: George S. Lefford, Boston;
C. \. Bigelow, Seattle.
w^fi tOba V It th cham P<°n lightweight
Y^Mer of the world. He hns 800 ounces
of gold dust. The rest of the passengers
average about 400 ounces each, taken
from claims on Eagle and Mastodon
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 1898.
TRAGIC SEQUEL
TO A STORY OF
YUKON HARDSHIP
Chicago Man fJrrested at St.
Michael for the Murder of
Victor F- Maidhof.
t3T. MICHAEL,, July 9, via steamship
I Roanoke to Seattle, July 19. — A story
of Alaskan hardship in winter, with a
: tragic sequel, is causing intense cx
i citement here. Victor F. Maidhof of
1 New York, who was reputed to have
had considerable money on his person,
now lies buried In a tent forty-five
miles from Unalkleet, and H. M. Mor
; gan of Chicago is held at St. Ml
j chael under suspicion of having com
mitted murder and robbery. He is
j now under surveillance and cannot
leave the island.
Maidhof and Morgan together left St.
Michael on January 7 for Minook. Upon
Morgan's return to the former place he
reported that his companion had died
in camp from sickness, caused by the
I cold and lack of food. The story of
( their journey was a thrilling one, but
j the conflicting statements made by
i Morgan led to the suspicion that Maid
! hof had met with foul play and the
j arrest of Morgan followed. The ac
cused protested his innocence.
Morgan was found by Indian guides
! on February 7, on the Nulato portage,
; almost dead from starvation and ex
posure. He was taken by them to
j Unalkleet, there nursed back to life and
several weeks later was removed to St.
] Michael, where he wholly recovered.
: He was given a preliminary hearing
' before Colonel Randall, in command of
; the United States soldiers at St. Mi
; chael, and at that time told substan
j tially the following story:
Maidhof reached St. Michael last De
; cember, and on January 4 was intro
j duced to Morgan by Colonel Randall.
Being desirous of going to Minook.
1 Maidhoff arranged to pay Morgan $30
jto pack his baggage to that point. Two
j days later they started on their jour
j ney and arrived at Alokuk on Janu
', ary 21. They were there joined by
: guides, but these deserted on January
j 28, and the two men were left to pur
j sue their trip alone. They had been
on the road from Alokuk but three
I days when the dog meat gave out and
| their own provisions became so scarce
that they had to put themselves on ra
tions.
The food supply was entirely ex
j haustcd on February 8, and, driven to
j extremes by the pangs of hunger, they
; were compelled to kill one of their
I dogs. Maidhof refused to eat the meat
! and in three days was so weak from
exhaustion and exposure that he was
unable to continue the journey further.
By this time they had reached what
i they thought to be the Yukon. It
! turned out to be merely a sluice. After
crossing a hill they reached a valley
: and followed it for a considerable dis
tance. Finally, becoming discouraged,
they decided to turn back.
Camp was made In the valley for the
night and the following morning every
thing was in readiness for the start,
when Maidhof declared that the hun
gry dogs had chewed up his shoes. Af
ter Morgan had, with some difficulty,
made a rough foot-covering of dog
skin for his companion, Maidhof com
plained of being so fatigued that he
could no longer guide the sled. It was
SANTIAGO IS
A PEST HOLE
Ripe With Filth for an
Epidemic.
WHAT AN INSPECTION SHOWS
NO SEWERS AND ONLY SURFACE
DRAINAGE.
Overpowering Odors in the Breeding
Centers of Malaria, Typhoid
and Other Low
Fevers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTIAGO, July 18, via Kingston,
Jamaica, July 19.— General Shafter has
had a thorough examination made of
the sanitary condition of Santiago. The
■work was done by Dr. Goodfellow of
the general's staff and by a civilian
physician, Dr. Orlando Dwiker. They
find that although there are at present
but six cases of yellow fever in the city
in addition to two suspects the town
is ripe for an epidemic. Santiago and
Rio Janeiro are c nsidered the greatest
fever-breeding centers in the world.
This town lacks every sanitary feature
at its best, and now, after two months'
siege, leaving it dirty and repellant, it
is a veritable pesthole. The awful
stenches that arise from the streets
stagger and choke one. Ino cordial in
Santiago has the power to wash out
this odor from one's throat.
The city of Santiago is a typical trop
ical place, with narro**- crooked streets
and low, one-storied dwellings and
stores. Many of the houses are stuc
coed and painted with startling colors,
sky-blue and vivid shades of green pre
dominating. These, with the red tiles
of the roofs and the quaint verandas,
show evidences of past picturesqueness,
but everything is now in a state of
dilapidation and decay and the city is
but a shadow of its former self. The
majority of the houses are absolute
ruins and the once beautiful public
squares are now utterly neglected.
There is no sewage system. The city
drainage is all from the surface into
the harbor, and through the lower part
of the city much of the drainage runs,
especially from the poor quarter,
around the bull-ring to the northwest
of the city, which is the breeding center
of malaria, typhoid and other low fev
ers. There are four hospitals in the
c jty_the Civil Hospital, presided over
by the Sisters of Charity, and the Mili
tary, Mercedes and Conchas hospitals.
In these four hospitals there are 1,747
patients, which is a comparatively
small number, considering the lack of
food and the long siege, but it must be
remembered that the reconcentrados
were never admitted to the hospitals
and when the notification of the pro
posed bombardment by our batteries
was received every patient who could
stagger out was driven into the streets.
Twenty lepers who were in the Civil
Hospital were turned into the streets
agreed that he should go ahead and
I break the trail.
Maidhof started on, but had taken
only a few steps when his motions be
came erratic and he began to talk de
liriously. Morgan attempted to reach
him, but the man was too far gone, and
in a moment had fallen to the ground
unconscious.
This was on February 11, and Maid-
I hof remained in that condition until
j the time of his death, at 1 o'clock in the
j morning, February 14. Morgan's first
I idea was to load the body on his sled
I and take it back to St. Michael, but,
finding this impracticable, he decided
to bury it on the spot. He camped
there three days, moving his camp fire
| slightly each day, and joined the three
I holes thus made in the frozen ground
j into a grave. He wrapped his tent
i about Maidhof's remains, and, saying
I the Lord's prayer as he committed
| them to their chilly resting place, pro
j ceeded on his journey back to St. Mi
chael.
Morgan was now reduced to the ut
most extremity. He had only a razor
and a pair of scissors and with these
novel utensils prepared his daily diet
of dog meat. He would cut up a dog
with the razor, and clipping off the hair
with the scissors would devour the raw
flesh. On March 4 he struck the main
trail and there a new misfortune be
fell him. He was stricken with snow
blindness. Blind, half-starved and
alone in a wide, frozen waste, he re
mained in camp for days nursing his
eyes. But one dog was left. He made
from this a gallon of broth and greed
ily devoured the unsavory mess at one
meal. By March 7he had recovered his
sight sufficiently to proceed, but had
made but little distance when he was
again overcome by the dazzle of the
snow.
Morgan had resigned himself to his
I fate and laid down in the snow to die
when he became conscious of the ap
proach of human beings. He raised his
voice in a shout and it was answered
by a band of Indians who were travel
ing near. The natives fed and warmed
the half-dead white man and took him
to Unalakleet. There he remained sev
eral days to recover life in his frozen
j feet and hands and then left for St.
j Michael.
The Indians there told of having
found Morgan on the trail and gave out
the fact that he had attempted to trade
a watch with them. From the descrip
tion of the timepiece given by the In
dians it was recognized as having been
the one formerly carried by Maidhof.
Suspicion was at once directed toward
Morgan that he had not dealt fairly
with his companion, and a charge of
murder and robbery was lodged against
him. He asserted his innocence in most
positive terms and offered to conduct
a party of white men to the grave if
they cared to exhume the body and ex
amine into the cause of death.
In April a party of four started
with the accused man for the valley in
which Maidhof was alleged to have
been buried, but had gone only forty
miles when the snow was found too
soft for travel and they were forced to
return.
Morgan will be taken to Sltka for
trial. Opinion in St. Michael is divided
as to his guilt. H. G. STEELE.
and they have been roaming in the
streets ever since. The largest number
of patients is in the Military Hospital,
where are 27 wounded Spanish officers
and 431 wounded Spanish sailors and
soldiers. In addition there are hundreds
of cases of malaria and dysentery and
six cases of yellow fever.
GOVERNMENT PAPERS
EXEMPT FROM TAX
Federal Officials Not Bequired to
Affix Stamps to Official
Documents.
WASHINGTON. July 19.— The Com
missioner of Internal Revenue has
made the following ruling, which has
been approved by the Department of
Justice:
"That papers and instruments exe
cuted, mad- or isued by officers of the
Government of the United States in the
discharge of official functions pertain
ing to the operation of the governmen
tal machinery and for the use or bene
fit of the United States are exempt
from tax. In line with this ruling it
is held that all checks or drafts made
and issued by the disbursing officers of
the United States upon Goverment
funds or deposits, in payment of Gov
ernment obligations or duties, are ex
empt, and all certificates of officers of
the United States given in the dis
charge of official functions necessary in
carrying on the machinery of the Gov
ernment also are exempt. The same
principle would extend to instruments
and papers of whatever character
(otherwise subject to tax) executed,
made, or issued by officers of the
United States Government for govern
mental purposes. Where, however, cer
tificates or other Instruments are issued
by any department or officer of the
Government at the request of private
persons, solely for private use. a stamp
should be affixed."
THIS IS THE LIMIT OF
SPANISH CREDULITY
Santiago Soldiers Believe America
Has Purchased Cuba and That
They Are Not Captives.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 18, via
Kingston, Jamaica, July 19. — The
Spanish soldiers were encamped be
tween the lines on the reverse slope of
the hill, on which are our intrench
ments. Many of them believed, as they
have been told so, that the United
States has purchased the island of Cuba
and that our Government would pay
them their arrears of pay and return
them to Spain. They repudiate the
idea that they have surrendered.
MAY BE REWARDED
FOR HIS FIDELITY
Utah Volunteer Declines to Leave the
Service When Relatives Open
the Way.
WASHINGTON. July 19.— Senator Can
non of Utah appeared at the White House
to-day and called to the President's at
tention the position of Wesley MeCor
mack of Salt Lake. Utah. After he had
enlisted as a private his folks brought
considerable influence to bear for his
discharge. Finally, located at Tampa
he was telegraphed to ami im
mediate reply came, declining the
proffer of release from service and an
nouncing that he would not leave and
that any efforts in that direction were
not invited by him. He sailed yesterday
for Cuba. The President was acquaint
ed with the patriotic response made and
urged to keep an eye on his future ser
vice.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. THE " EMPORIUM.
t¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥%*
■ . ' ■.. . - - ' • <*
M^'^" ■ ' ■'-— — ' _ ' _ _ - - . " ' ' . . .—. ■„- ... — — , -- .1 ..
* * %/ Ha a 1  94 * * ♦
Send in name and j/ jTb* 4 ■^i3l^k/^\ 1 \#%"T ti 9 The ast day * of «
address and -we will I II § iICM W tv 1111 | || the free exhibition of 5,
mail vcu free our Fall - m.-^^^M .-. ■ ■ ▼ ■ ■ VBB the wonderful paint- J
Catalogue as soon as —^ — _ . •_■■■ . ing .''Christ Before q
issued— l2B pages— M * *+ j*M <^ A / Si Li^(L4- Til ate." Main floor, 4
profusely illustrated f^ B BirSIoV Hoi IHiEH M opposite Rook Depart- #
wtth the new styles. <_JF \M 1> \M I \M Vfl V I^l \M M B ***** 4*
In which to avail yourself of the exceedingly low prices which we have made to effect the imme- *-
. diate disposal of Summer Stocks. The Semi-Annual Clearance Sale positively ends this week. ♦
Hairdressing Combs 70c To-Day. I
The Three-Prong Fin-de-Siecle Combs, which have had ,*&<ss&& *
>j^ such a large sale in The Emporium, are (N^^Sk *
(§)-^ reduced for to-day only to 70c each. Wf^M^^ J
■■"■)? V\ f@) One of the most useful novelties ever W&mt^S^ *
%J§l A produced With them the hair, whether /Jlllp^^X *
*^~^^Sl/ thin or heavy, can be dressed in many /ijfc aW(^J^\^ 1
beautiful styles without the use of string §§%. %rsJFf\ *
or hairpins. If a switch is worn the Km^S^mi / *
comb is invaluable, for once attached and the comb closed the false hair jfihfcr^wLr \\\ *
cannot possibly become loose and fall. The hair does not become loose, W\w \ VwA^^^ ♦
and hats are firmly kept in place in the windiest weather. See them \ur yw *
demonstrated by expert in main aisle, near entrance. W
frSS Many Departments. Groceries — Liquors. ;
25c Linen Scalloped Embroidered Handkerchiefs, cut These Specials for Wedmsdav and Thursday only. J
25c Double "Width' Cheni'lie "Dot " Veiling" cut" 15c Cooper's Oil, large bottles, regularly 98c, cut to 80c *
25c Double Width Chenille Dot Veiling, cut to Cooper s Oil, large bottles, regularly 98c, cut to 80c J
yard 15c I Cudahy's "Diamond C" Soap, cut to 12 for 25c «#
50c Double Width Chenille Dot Veiling, cut to, Cream Breakfast Wheat, just as good as the package '..2
y a! "d •• cC goods that sell for 10c a 2-pound package, cut to 41
Ladies' $1 Astor Puff Scarfs, cut to, each .....49c 10 pounds for .25c ♦
A P b re cane an F d anJ? G a ood^ UffS ' CUt tO> *"* ' - 10C Loose Cluster ***** quality' guaranteed,' 'regularly • J
Aisles and Rotunda. 5c pound, 3 pounds for ; lCc *
Ladies' 75c Heavy Mixed Woolen Vests and Pants, Schilling's Best Soda, i-pound package, cut to 4c %
natural color, each 50c n ' •; -„ . • : n > , ,T, T , ,-..  X
Child's 65c6 5 c and 75c Unshrinkable Wool Vests and Cantrell & Cochrane s Imported Ginger Ale, regu- |
Pants, Jersey ribbed, white and natural, each 50c 3arly * r 65 dozen ' cut to $1 - 50 *
Ladies' Egyptian Cotton Vests, low neck, no sleeves, Pabst Eastern Beer, quarts, regularly $2 25 dozen, *
pink, sky and ecru, only 10c cut to $2.00 *
Main F^ dd o ce r Wear Department " . Pabst Eastern Beer, pints, regularly $1 30 dozen, |
Trefousse 3-clasp Gloves, all sizes, novelty colors, cut to $1.15 41
former price $2 25 pair, cut to $1.50 Emporium 6-year-old Bourbon Whisky, regularly $1 *
Trefousse 3-clasp Undressed Gloves, novelty colors, bottle, cut to 82c <#
former price Si 75 pair, cut t0..:.. . «100 (Guaranteed to be equal to anything you'ean'buy,' or «
2-clasp X.d Fourchettes. white and cream only, for- v \ v your money refunded). |
mer price $1 50 pair, cut to $1.00 _ ... 'M _  ?*_*'..
Above in Third Section, • French Vermouth,' "Genuine, regularly 65c bottle, "*
Left of Main Entrance. cv o -^ "#
Children's 20c Heavy Black Ribbed Cotton School *** *♦
Hose 15c
Children's 50c Fine Ribbed Fancy Scotch Plaid Hose, , ~ j,
three pairs .$l-00
Hoisery Department — • <*
Main Floor. AMERICA'S D a^ aa- » «
Good Grade Sheets, 2 yards wide, nicely made, . FINEST DuZadlt <
each 40c
Extra Size Sheets. 90 inches wide, well made, first- Travelers passing through San Francisco who have 5
- class sheeting each •••^•••- ....50c been in many parts of the worM> and who make the *
Hemstitched Pillow Cases, size 22^x30 inches, stand-  *• c • a v ■ .4
ard muslin, each l2Kc collection of curios and souvenirs a business, say that
Plain Pillow' Cases.' nicely finished," best muslin,' size he collection of Oriental Goods in our Chinese and «
25x36 inches, each 14c Japanese Bazaar is one of the finest in America. It T
Fully Bleached Irish Linen Napkins, 22 inches is a veritable museum of curiosities, in which one can 4
square, handsome patterns, will sell quickly at, per spend many hours pleasantly and profitably. ?
dozen ; i,"-*,*,*-'*^ ,"""■* $1.50 There are Antique Bronzes, each of which perpet- 4
Bleached Irish Linen Table Damask, 62 inches wide, . •' : . •'• " V ■","■.■ !~! ~ ,-,• „ - <
six charming patterns, per yard 50c UateS SOme qUamt ° nental tradltlon : m^ Rare Sat- • %
Housekeepers' Departments— suma Vases; Clossone Ware in great variety; Beau- <
Rear of Dry Goods Section. ■■;;;', r , , T „ . _.. ',' -^^ ~ , <
New patterns in Silkoline, yard 9c tlful Wood and Ivory Car^' in Rich Ebony Furni-
Table Oilcloth, 45 inches wide, yard 15c ture; Porcelain Flower Stands; Jardinieres of all *
Tapestry Tablecovers, 30 inches square ..'.:.;.*... ..45c. kinds; — painted, inlaid with ivory or pearl 2
Chenille Tablecovers, 45 inches square, knotted fringe 'or exquisitely embroidered. Any one class of goods *
all around '. .39c .... . .. m
Curtain and Drapery Department— an exniDit in ltseil.
Second Flood. __ Ladies find particular delight in the Silk Lingerie, <
BARGaIn~TjTTjjT~TTI^ Tea Gowns, Wrappers, Smoking Jackets, etc.— |
ITEMS I.X lieeillCWOrK. richly embroidered in silk or gold. ■ «
18x18 Stamped Cotton Duck Squares 7c Both American and Chinese clerks are in attend- <
50c and 65c Stamped Laundry Bags, duck or ance> and no pains are spare( to please visitors. The *
4 oc St 11 a n rnped' Momie Lin^' Scarf;,' fringed. '. '. '. '. '. 'Z'^Tc P rices are much lower than those charged in similar |
Stamped Muslin Pillow Shams/pair ...20c bazaars m Eastern Clties - - }
. iBx27-inch Stamped Hemstitched Linen Tray Cloths, Chinese and Japanese Bazaar- x <
drawn-work corners ....54c Main Floor, Rear. V J - «
' " '
■ ~ _ ' »_^ - <S
GUANTANAMO BELIEVED
TO HAVE SURRENDERED
American Force Sent to Take Posses
sion of the Spanish Arms and
Ammunition.
• NEW YORK. July 19.-Tho Herald's
Washington correspondent sa ys. . Guanta
name's Spanish garrison is believed to
have surrendered by this time to the
American troops. Adjutant General Cor
bin told me to-nljrht General Shatter had
cabled to the department that he had
£n an officer with a small force to Guan
t-innmo to take possession or the Runs.
a m a nd O ammuni^on in the hands oMhe
Rnojifah troops. Commander a. n. J*ic-
Catla commanding the Marblehead will
take measures to remove the mines from
the harbor and open it to commerce Sup
plies will be sent to residents of the city,
who are understood to be in great neej.
The gunboat Sandoval, now in the har
bor, will be added to -the American navy.
■ ■ *
THREE LIVES SACRIFICED
TO SAVE A THIRD
Heroic Utah Girls Drowned in a Vain
Attempt to Rescue a Sinking
Companion.
SALT LAKE, Utah, July 19.— A special
to the Tribune from Payson. Utah, says
that four girls were drowned in Utah
Lake this afternoon. They were Lucy
Keel. Emma Keel, Susie Keel and Stee
ner Bauer, their ages ranging from 15 to
20 years.
The girls were floating on a plank. One
fell off and was drowned and the others
lost their lives in trying to rescue her.
The bodies have not yet been recovered.
Fleeing From Melilla.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
GIBRALTAR, July 19.— The inhabit
ants of Melilla are in a state of alarm
at the prospect of a visit from the Ameri
can fleet, and are fleeing for refuge to
Tangier.
Presidential Appointments.
WASHINGTON, July 19.— The President
to-day made the following appointments:
Robert A. Fredrlch of California to be
United States Attorney for the district of
Alaska. Charles Newell, Receiver of Pub
lic moneys at Newell, Or. Tsin Ching
Chung, interpreter to the United States
Consulate at Canton, China.
Murder at New Year's Diggings..
MERCED, July 19.— The body of a mur
dered Mexican named Avila was found at
the New Year's diggings, near Merced
Falls. Avlla and a Mexican woodchopper
named Antone Rivera were drinking to-
f ether, and it is supposed Rivera mur
ered his companion, burled the body
with a few shovelsful of earth and fled.
San Pedro Breakwater Contract Let.
WASHINGTON, July 19.— The Secre
tary of War has approved the award of
the contract for the San Pedro break
water to the lowest bidder — Heldmair &
Neu of Chicago.
KING OF THE BELGIANS
BUYS DREXEL'S YACHT
The New York Magnate Will Build
One Larger and of Greater
Speed.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
H*»rald. Copyrighted. IS9S. by James Gor
don Bennett.
LONDON, July 18.— A. J. Drexel has
sold his yacht Margarita, the ostensible
purchasers being Messrs. Williamson anu
Johnson of this city, but the yacht was
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BLOOD POISON.
Sufferers need not go to the hot springs nor poison
their systems with mercury or other deadly minerals in order
to get cured of contagious, malignant blood poison. Dr.
Meyers & Co. cure this most dreadful affliction, whether
inherited or contracted, and at any stage — primary, second-
ary or teritary. They eradicate it forever from the system,
leaving the blood pure and the skin perfect. Other physi-
cians have succeeded in driving contagious blood poison
from the surface for a few weeks or months, but the won-
derful treatment yApv A p yii r nrOt A of Dr. Meyers &
Co., which has no ray 1111 tnrea. been UBe / with
universal success for many years, expels the poison and
makes a permanent cure. Dr. Meyers & Co. have such
confidence in their treatment that they do not ask for
money until the patient is cured. Any one can have a
consultation with the doctors and get the benefit of their
advice by calling at 731 Market street, San Francisco. Take
elevator.
Treatment by mail. All letters confidential.
Hours Bto 12, Ito 5 daily. Evenings 7to 8. Sundays 9to 11.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
Specialists for Men of the English and German Expert Specialist*.
bought for the King of the Belgians
His Majesty personally inspected the
boat and all trials were carried on under
direct supervision of the Belgian Minis
ter of Marine. The Margarita will he
known as the Alberta in future The
price paid was £70.000. Mr. Drexel in
tends building a- new vessel to replace
the Margarita of somewhat larger dimen
sions and greater speed.
Colombia Accepts the Award.
LONDON July 18.-The Rome corre
spondent of the Dally Mail says- The
Italian Foreign Office learns from Wash
ington that the Colombian Government
has accepted the award of $250,000 made
by President Cleveland to Ernesto Cer
ulti. an Italian subject, in a claim made
by him agaJnst the republic of Colombia
and they now consider the Incident as
closed.
56
WEDNESDAY, JUl^ 20, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All CommuniMtionsJ^V^jK^^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. P.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY! I*
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding town*
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montb
65 cents. ______
THE WEEKLY CALL... On« * tar> by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE «« 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Dutldlni
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
'WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rl_4« Howe*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marqnette Build
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S, Advertising Representative.
IRA.NCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarkJn street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh,
street, open untl. 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NVA corner Twenty-second on*
Kentucky street*, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENT*
Columbia— "Liberty Hall "
Alcazar— "Faust
Jlorosco'p— "Captain Impudenoe "
Tlroll— "The Bells of CorneTllle."
Orphcum - Vaudeville.
The Chutes-Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the ns-ponnd Man.
ulympla-Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
butro'a Baths— Swimming.
Xi Cam'po— Music. danolng.boaUng. fishing, every Snnday.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterfleld-Thls day, July 20. Library, at corner
Market and Seventh streets, aiB o clock p. m.
SYLVESTER SCOVEL, NUISANCE.
OXE of the most obnoxious features of the war
in Cuba from the first has been a fellow named
Sylvester Scovel, now of the New York World.
He lias sent much so-called news concerning the in
surgents, and most of it has been wholly unreliable.
He has prowled around the scenes of conflict with
all the persistence of a hyena and many ad-
ditional characteristics of that unclean beast Among
other things, he has been charged with violating a
Ikg of truce. If memory serves us, he has been in
jail, and if our judgment is not at fault, he should
'ue there yet.
During the transfer of Santiago from Spanish to
American rule Scovel pushed himself into a promi
nent place in the ceremony, where he had no right
er. He was properly pulled from his perch by
soldiers. Later he showed his resentment by slapping
the face of the commanding general. Had he been
an enlisted man instead of an interloper this would
have been a capital offense. There will be a feeling of
regret that he does not stand on the plane of the mili
tary offender just long enough to be backed against
a wall in front of a firing squad. He ought to have
been killed on the spot Any officer running him
through, or any private knocking the addled brains
out of him with the butt of a rifle would have been
applauded, and deserved the distinction. That slap
was administered to the whole American people. To
this nation, represented on this august occasion by
General Shafter, it was an insult unspeakable.
Scovel, known as a knave, emphasized the traits
which, from Cuba to Alaska and back again, have
made him a creature despised.
Yellow journalists have had too much to do with
the war, and when one of the most unsavory of the
lot tries to make his superfluous self a central figure
in an episode of world-wide interest he earns richly
the rebuke of a prod from a bayonet. But when
he adds to this, in sight of officers and troops, an
assault on the commanding general, he merits more
than condemnation, more than Imprisonment. It is
a mistaken pity which permitted him to live longer
to cumber the earth.
LET ONE BE CALIFORNIA.
f^ ONTRACTS will soon be let for the building
of three battle-ships. Let one of these be
named California, In the name itself there is a
listinctive charm, and there are practical reasons why
the State should be thus honored.
As good warships as float have been made here.
The Oregon has stood the test of such a journey as
no vessel of her class ever essayed before, and at the
end of a 15.000 mile run was ready for the conflict
There was speedy call /or her services, and in fight,
as in voyaging, she covered her builders with glory,
and the people of this city particularly, but all along
our vast coastline, felt a thrill of pride in her achieve
ments.
Dewey's flagship at the head of his squadron
when it won a fame which shall last as long as his
toty was the Olympia. San Francisco builders
wrought it, and in all the severe trials of peace, and
when guns were thundering from her and at her, she
bowed no sign of imperfection. Again was the State
proud of the handiwork of its craftsmen. And among
all the vessels turned out here there hai been none to
bring reproach upon the Pacific. The world acknowl
edge? that ships made here are as good as the best
Furthermore, this State contributes freely to the per
sonnel of the navy. Many of the brave boys with
Dewey. and many who made the unprecedented trip
unner Captain Clark, were born and grew up on the
shores of the bay into which the Olympia and Oregon
glided on the day of their launching.
So one of the mightiest of States in area, in re
source, peopled by patriots, in touch with naval af
fairs, wants a battle-ship to bear its name — Califor
nia — and the flag of the common country to distant
seas, to sustain the nation in calm or in strife. And
who doubts that the artisans who in the Oregon made
so splendid a record would strive with all the cunning
of their skill to turn over to Uncle Sam a ship even
better than the one now in West Indian waters, the
peerless and magnificent Oregon? Give us a Cali
fornia.
According to esteemed contemporaries, Cuban ter
ritory surrendered by Toral embraces 50,000 square
miles, this being by several thousand miles more land
than the entire island contains. Toral must have
thrown in some water lots for good measure.
There are some glimmers of light In the dark shad
ows of war. Not a word has been heard from Truth
ful Jeems Creelman since in front of Santiago he drew
his fountain pen and shot himself to the extent of half
a column.
The report that some of the Cubans do not want
independence would tend to indicate a queer state of
feeling in the island, save that as the report comes by
way of Madrid it does not tend to indicate anything.
According to Hearstling sheets, the fake of the
editor-in-chief was an "incident." And they de
voutly wish that it might "close."
BY WAY OF REMINDER.
THAT the Wells- Fargo Express Company it
trying to evade the payment of its just share of
war taxes has been related. To the story needs
only to be added that there is much indignation over
this flagrant act of unpatriotism. People were slow
to believe that a vast corporation, protected by the
Government, making additional profits by reason of
the war, would refuse to pay its share of the ex
penses, while citizens in every walk of life are pay
ing and making no protest and asking no questions.
But it is even so. Wells- Fargo, rich and growing
richer, declines to contribute. Is there a law greater
than Wells-Fargo? Is there a statute superior to
the will of J. J. Valentine?
Records show that 90 per cent of the profits of
the Wells-Fargo concern comes from California pa
trons, and that most of the stock is held in the £ast.
While the matter is national, rather than sectional, it
is an irritating circumstance that an institution de
pending largely upon this State for its income should
demean itself in a manner so small and contemptible.
In a way, its course is a reflection upon the State,
and yet in responding to every demand made by its
country for men and money, California has been
prompt and willing. It touches the popular pride
that a concern so thoroughly Californian should be
derelict. It is fair to say that the blame for this
attitude of greed rests upon President Valentine.
Some of his associates recognize the fact that he is
wrong in principle, and that the law is directly
against him, but tHey are helpless.
There should be no difficulty in putting the mat
ter to a test. The express company contends that
patrons must pay the tax which Congress declared
the company must pay. Let somebody offer a
package for carriage and refuse to pay for the reve
nue stamp. Then, if the company decline to comply
with the regulations of Congress, complaint can be
made, and the question brought to a speedy issue.
Of course the company is wrong, and of course it
is aware of this fact, but to have it rebuked, to have
the prescribed penalty imposed, wou/d tend to expel
it from the path of error, and at the same time afford
a lesson to others prone to sneak out of responsi
bility. Wells-Fargo has not so much as the back
ing of a technicality. Its position is notoriously
contrary to the letter and spirit of the war revenue
bill. It simply defies the law, because none has had
the. courage to bring it to terms. The courts are
open, and the first to have the company haled to the
bar will be doing his country a service. And when
the corporation has been ordered to bear its portion
of the common load, there will remain to it the duty
of refunding the sums illegally taken from the people
who have patronized it.
But ingratitude, as well as a lack of patriotism, can
be charged against Wells-Fargo. It has enjoyed
special privileges and has not seemed to appreciate
them. It is within the province ot tne Legislature
to exact from it a license. In some States this
license is 5 per cent of the profits. Nothing of the
kind has been done here, but the attitude of the
company is such as to invite unfriendly legislation.
A percentage of profits would be no small figure.
The Wells-Fargo Company was organized with a cap
ital of $6,000,000, and upon this sum paid dividends
of 8 per cent until 1894, although only $500,000 had
been paid in. At that time the capital stock was
arbitrarily raised to $8,000,000, and since then 6 per
cent has been the annual return to stockholders. Be
sides this, it has accumulated a reserve fund of
$8,000,000. Yet it does not want to help swell the
war fund. Ingratitude most unreasoning and
foolish!
To such selfish procedure is due the hatred of cor
porations, the howl of the anarchist, the Coxey army.
Yet Wells-Fargo had been held in high esteem. It
wantonly sacrifices its reputation. Already, in
Southern California, steps have been taken to pros
ecute it criminally and civilly, and, so radical has
been the change of a feeling the company would
have done well to cultivate everybody in California
will be glad to see it fined for sharp practice and
branded as a public offender.
DELAYED MfllLS FOR DAWSON.
REPORTS just received from St. Michael are to
the effect that ex-Mayor Wood of Seattle, who
has a contract for carrying six tons of mail to
Dawson, instead of going straight to St. Michael and
hastening to forward the mail, stopped with his
6team schooner, the Alliance, at Dutch Harbor and
lay there for some time waiting for the construction
of a river boat which he proposed to take in tow.
While the Alliance was wailing the steamers St.
Paul, Roanoke, Grace Dollar and Bertha all stopped
at Dutch Harbor and offered to carry the mail on at
once, but their offers were declined. The result of
the delay will probably be that the mail will not
reach Dawson at all this season, for according to re
ports the river is now 6O low that no boats starting
after the St Paul left St Michael will be able to as
cend it
Under these circumstances it is not to be wondered
that the Klondike miners who at the time were stop
ing at St. Michael were indignant Nor is it alto
gether surprising that their indignation was so strong
that but for the presence of the soldiers at the fort
there would have been something like summary pun
ishment meted out to the men responsible for holding
the mails back.
There is a show of excuse for the offenders. The
contract required them to deliver the mail at Daw
son, and St Michael is only a half-way station to that
place. Moreover, while waiting at Dutch Harbor the
contractor could not have known that the Yukon is
so low at this season, and in all reason he could ex
pect to be able to get hU river boat ready in time to
make the complete trip. This excuse, however, does
not help the Dawson people who are expecting letters
from their friends. The mail has been delayed, and
according to reports the delay seems to be irreparable
this summer.
That this mishap is going to be the cause of much
anxiety is beyond question. At Dawson and along
the Yukon many men and not a few women have
been waiting all winter to get news from their friends.
Some of the thousands of letters that make up this
six tons of mail are no doubt communications of
prime importance both to their writers and to those
for whom they were written. Much positive loss as
well as much anxiety may therefore result from the
foolish obstinacy of the mail contractor, who, having
the mail in his possession, held it at Dutch Harbor
instead of speeding it forward as rapidly as possible.
There may be no remedy for the injury done in this
case, but it should serve as a sufficient warning to pre
vent further mistakes of the kind in future. Govern
ment contracts for delivering mails should require
their speedy delivery- It should not be left to the
contractor to hold the mails while he gets a boat
put together. It would be just as sensible to give let
ters for distribution to a letter earner and permit him
to postpone their delivery until he gets a new pair of
shoes made to order.
Perhaps the policeman who arrested a boy of 6
years was trying to avoid the possibility of having a
charge of cowardice brought against him. It may be
the prisoner showed signs of defiance.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 1898.
r\ LARGE portion of the American Economist of
/ \ last week is devoted to an account of the pro
ceedings attending the presentation of a com
plimentary memorial to Secretary Bliss on the occa
sion of his retirement from the presidency of the
American Protective Tariff League, alter a contin
uous terra of five years. The occasion was notable,
the services of the retiring president were eminent,
the memorial was handsome and the address of pre
sentation was eloquent They well deserved the
space the Economist gave them. Nevertheless, there
was something lacking, and the very fullness with
which the achievements of the Protective Tariff
League were enumerated served but to make more
impressive the lacking element
Summing up the results of the work of the league,
and pointing out what has been realized for American
industry while Mr. Bliss was president of the league,
the orator of the occasion said: "Our people live in
American built homes, held together by American
made nails, covered with American made tin, painted
with American made paints; they look through
American made glass, tread upon American made
carpets, rest upon American made furniture, cook in
American made pottery, upon American made stoves,
eat American made food from American made china,
wear American made garments from American goods,
read American books, gather around the family altars
to read American printed Bibles, and with thankful
hearts lift prayers to the Great Giver of every good
and perfect gift, for having placed us in this 'land
flowing with milk and honey. 1 "
All this is excellent as far as it goes, but what refer
ence is in it to the great industry of shipping? Our
American exports and our American imports are car
ried across the seas almost wholly in vessels built in
foreign shipyards, manned by foreign sailors, "owned
by foreign companies, flying foreign flags and earn
ing money for foreign countries. We have accom
plished much in the way of upbuilding home indus
tries, but we still pay a heavy tribute on our com
merce, and as that commerce is now rapidly expand
ing the amount of the annual tribute will largely in
crease unless something is done to prevent it.
The lack of any accomplished good for our mer
chant marine and our ship-building industry consti
tutes the blemish upon the record of the Protective
Tariff League. It was right and proper that Secre
tary Bliss should receive a memorial for his work as
president of the league, for that work has been highly
beneficial, but when the league has occasion to com
memorate another five years of its history it is to be
hoped it will be able to point out that it has helped
to fulfill the pledge of the party of protection to so
foster our ship-building industry that "American ships
— the product of American labor employed in Ameri
can shipyards, sailing under the stars and stripes, and
manned, officered and owned by Americans — may re
gain the carrying of our foreign commerce."
THE SLAUGHTER OF OFFICERS.
WHEN the reports came of the killed and
wounded among our troops engaged in the
fighting around Santiago it was noted that the
casualties among the officers in proportion to those
among men of the rank and file were extremely high.
The fact was regarded at the time as an evidence of
the valor of the men who are leading our boys to
battle, and the statement was frequently made this
heroism of leadership was one of the many superiori
ties of the American over the Spanish army.
Now that Santiago has been surrendered and the
Spanish side of the battles is becoming known, this
belief in the superior courage of our officers will have
to be dismissed, or at least based upon some other
foundation than that of the death rate in the battles.
The losses among Spanish officers of high rank were
even greater than our own, and it is evident they must
have exposed themselves under fire with conspicuous
courage from the first skirmish to the end of the
fighting.
General Toral, the Spanish commander, in talking
with our commissioners after the surrender of his
army, is reported to have said: "I would not desire
to see my worst enemy play with the cards I held.
Every one of my generals was killed or wounded. I
have not a single colonel left and am surrounded by
a powerful enemy."
Such a slaughtering of officers as that report re
veals has rarely been equaled in any war. It is an
evidence that our sharpshooters are even more skill
ful than those of the Spaniards in picking off from
the enemy's force the men on horseback or with
shoulder straps. The rifle record was in fact of an
extremely high order for a battle, and in its way is
equal to what was done in the sea fights by our crack
gunners.
In the meantime it must be noted again that our
own officers suffered heavily. Nearly every regiment
on our side that was present during the fighting lost
one or more of its field officers. Among the killed
were a colonel, a lieutenant colonel and a major.
Among the wounded were nine lieutenant colonels
and five majors. The losses of captains and lieuten
ants were extremely heavy. Altogether we had
twenty-three officers killed and eighty wounded, in a
series of conflicts which in our Civil War would
hardly have been accounted as sharp skirmishes.^.
An Eastern man having won a verdict of $300,00x5
against C. P. Huntington went straightway and com
mitted suicide. The motive will be conjectured va
riously. It may be the victor could not bear the
thought that Huntington was to be deprived of any
of the gold so industriously earned and so dearly
cherished. More likely, however, he was fatally
pained by contemplation of the difference between
getting a verdict against Huntington and getting his
hand on the cash named therein.
It is a pleasure to agree with the Post in its estimate
of the persons who have been selling Red Cross stores
to the soldiers, patriotic citizens having provided
these stores for the benefit of the boys. Speculators
of this stamp deserve to be hanged at the yard arm.
Shafter and Sampson seem in doubt as to which is
entitled to the ships captured with Santiago, but so
long as the ships have been captured people in gen
eral will not bother about such details.
For a time the Spanish declared they would not
consider peace until they had humbled American
pride. They are drifting toward the conclusion that
they have nothing to do this with.
Bids have not yet been received by the Government
for the transport of prisoners to Spain, but there is
already evidence tending to show the contractors will
charge all the traffic will bear.
Hungry and discouraged miners may give the ad
vice to keep away from the Klondike, but the really
effective talking will be done by the nuggets the lucky
ones bring back.
It is impossible to blame the Spanish soldiers
harshly for having looted the pantries of Santiago.
Their appetites did not surrender.
Perhaps a good dose of seasickness will relieve
Colonel Kessler of that bilious feeling,
AN INCOMPLETE WORK-
CONQUEST AND THE CONSTITUTION-IMPERIAL
ISM IS TREASON,
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir: The dissent of your con
tributor, Henry James, from my corner anication in relation to the war and
the project of conquest which Is being so industriously pressed, Is tersely
and courteously expressed in your issue of Sunday last. It invites a few
comments, which I present with entire respect. Mr. James complains of
the "narrow lines" within which my strictures on the strategic conquest
of Hawaii and the proposed forcible conquest of Porto Rico and the Phil
ippines are confined. I make no pretensions to a wide intellectual range,
and, Indeed, my chief objection to the views of Mr. James and of those
who sympathize with them, is that they are outside of American lines. The
limits to which I have endeavored to adhere are those of the corstitution
of my country, under which the Union was established, and which, in a
political sense, represents the net results of the Revolutionary War, the
War of 1812, the Mexican War and the Civil War. I observe that Mr.
James does not refer to the constitution. I have read much declamation
and assertion, but no argument, In favor of the annexation of Hawaii or
of the policy of conquest which he espouses on the sole ground, so far as I
can discover, that, to translate an old Latin epigram, "the times are
changed and we must change with them." I have frequently heard simi
lar observations In reference to the Ten Commandments, even when
compressed Into the Golden Rule, but the great body of thelsts throughout
the world, and millions of those who substitute scientific abstractions or'
themselves, which is pretty much the same thing, for the personal God of
our ancestors, still admit the operative force of the fundamental moral
law. This same proposition which deals with organic law as if it were iden
tical with accumulating and diversified facts, destroyed the Republic of
Rome. That, In Its day, though, like the present Republic of France, bear-
Ing a very incomplete resemblance to our system, was the best government
on earth, and "Civis Romanus sum" was as proud a boast in Rome as "I
am an American citizen" is in the United States. But the Romans deter
mined by force to extend the blessings of their republic to distant and
alien populations. They acquired an enormous extent of territory. They
appointed Military Governors. They established and administered prov
inces. They constructed, for that epoch, a powerful and a vast navy. They
organized and supported mercenary armies, In which the aristocratic ele
ment was the Roman citizen, who held the command and dominated the
servile masses collected from barbarians who were incapable of Roman cit
izenship. And, when Caesar came, Rome was prepared.
Now, after this rapid summary, which, notwithstanding our pride and
our newly awakened thirst for military glory, speaks to the American
people in the deep and warning tones of history and through the undeviat
lng traits of human nature, rude or cultivated, there are a few pertinent
questions which perhaps Mr. James and the school of thinkers he repre
sents can definitely answer. If they can answer them in such a manner
as to justify the new departure, that is an end of the argument, and we
must all acquiesce in the conclusion But evasion or mere generalities will
not be sufficient.
Now the questions I propound are these:
1. Is it not true that the American Union, cemented by the Civil War,
rests upon the constitution?
2. Is it not true that the constitution Is the supreme law of the land?
3. Is it not true that every public officer, military and civil, and every
naturalized citizen expressly, and every native born citizen by Implication,
has sworn to obey the constitution?
4. It is conceded that the United States, in the same manner that it
owns custom houses, postofflces, arsenals, forts, naval depots and other
property, real and personal, essential to the performance of all governmental
functions, may constitutionally acquire and hold as a proprietor, naval and
coaling stations, or hout:3S for its Embassadors and Ministers in every part
of the globe: but in what clause of the constitution, expressly or by implica
tion, is the authority found to annex, conquer, hold and govern territory
which cannot be converted into States, and more especially without the
consent or against the will manifested through the forms of American citi
zenship of the native inhabitants? On its face such a clause would contra
dict nearly every sentence of the Declaration of Independence. If it exists
it has been or can be found. Where is it? In the discussions with which the
press for months has reeked, so far as my observation extends It has not
been quoted.
5. If it be true, apart from its admitted physical strength, that this
United States has no constitutional right to annex or take by conquest for
eign territory, with non-consenting populations, ineligible to citizenship,
then, in specific reference to the definition of treason, what is the attitude of
every legislative, executive and political officer, and of every citizen, within
or without the military and naval service, who would consciously and delib
erately violate the constitution and push the nation backward toward Impe
rialism?
6. Is It "narrow" to intimate that, If the constitution or our political
system, as a whole or in any of its parts, as established by the fathers, and
as It now legally exists, has outlived its usefulness and fails to respond to
the wild demands which fill the air as the twentieth century approaches,
and the war with Spain furnishes a convenient pretext, it should be abol
ished or amended through constitutional methods, and not by mere usur
pation?
7. No educated Jurist or citizen will deny the right of our Government to
compel the payment of an indemnity by Spain and to exact temporary se
curity for that purpose. This matter stands on its own footing. But sup
pose we undertook to hold and administer the Philippines with nine millions
of inhabitants as a colonial possession or as an integral part of the United
States, how would our Government derive its "just powers from the con
sent of the governed," and In what particular would these specific complalnt3
against King George In the Doclatatlon of Independence be Inapplicable to
ourf-elves?
" He has created a multitude of new offices, and sent hither swarms
of officers to harass our people and eat out their substance."
•• He has kept among us in times of peace standing armies without
the consent of our Legislatures."
" He has combined with others to subject us to a Jurisdiction for
eign to our constitution and unacknowledged, by our laws."
" Forquartering large bodies of armed troops among us."
•' For imposing taxes on us without our consent."
These are a few illustrations of the consequences of the revolutionary
Ideas which are now prevailing, and to which I regret to see that Mr.
James gives his practical indorsement. I hold that the broadest and
deepest intellectuality should lead the American people to the enthusias
tic support of their Government exactly as it is. with the constitution and
the Union preserved In all their integrity. This is the true conception of
the ultimate form of government among men. This is the theory which
fits Into the mightiest progress that the world has ever seen or ever will
see. This is the only enduring basis of a Continental republic, which will
confront Europe and Asia with the steady light of liberty, entrenched in
law and inspired by intelligent fraternity. This is the sole conceivable
protection of a national home, In which teeming millions can be baptized
into the civilization of the future, educated and trained to the fulfillment of
manifest destiny In the only sense In which it is not a mirage, and pre
pared for that moral, intellectual and material development, which will
transcend all the imperialism of the past and pour its crowning glories upon
the waters of the Pacific.
The objection that these views are incompatible with our national ad
vancement is untenable, and the illustrations by which Mr. James seeks to
enforce the objection, in my opinion, are. unfortunate. Stern resistance to
Imperial colonization, whether after the Roman model or the more liberal
and progressive methods of Great Britain, is an essential condition not
only to our national advancement, but to our national existence. Conquest
and the military occupation of foreign dependencies are not within the let
ter or the spirit of our institutions, and are condemned also by the prac
tical and successful administration of our Government, on the level of the
constitution, for more than a hundred years. An Asiatic republic would
not be an American republic, and the empire of thp United States might
rupture the heart of freedom. In trade, in commerce, in science, in art,
in literature, there are basic principles, without strict adherence to which
progress is impossible, and. in all these lines of human energy, it is the
neglect or infraction of these principles that has kept the world back.
This is equally the case among individuals. The man who is true to him
self, that is, to his own nature an"d to the laws which affect it, grows, de
velops and achieves, Lut the man who violates his own constitution falls
into decay and ruin. If this nation remains faithful to itself, that is, to
its own theory, constitutionality expressed and implied, its expansion, its
intelligence, its wealth and its influence, will dominate the earth. If it
basely deserts itself and plunges into reactionary extravagances, lta fall
will mark the most desolate spot in history.
But Mr. James suggests that it is expedient to drop our constitutional
shackles, as I suppose the imperialists may term them, and reach out for
Asia, Africa or any other inviting place, in order to avert revolution at
home, because the country "belongs to corporations and money loaners,"
and because there are among us "threatening murmurs" and "an energy
that finds no outlet." I admit the "threatening murmurs," but I deny
that this country belongs to corporations and money loaners, and I sug
gest that there is room enough and that there are opportunities enough
in the United States for our existing population multiplied by four. If
the facts were as Mr. James assumes, still the remedy would not be found
by destroying the Government and conquering the East. The remedy for
Internal trouble is absolutely in our own hands. In the Scriptures It Is
frequently said In Bubstance that a man who cannot control himself is un
fit to control others, and this elementary truth Is applied to nations. If
our people are not fit and able to govern themselves at home, they are not
fit and able to govern aliens or themselves abroad. No man can hon
estly deny the underlying evil to which Mr. James alludes, in the sense
that we are not what we ought to be and have not reached the conception
of citizenship which our Government requires. But the complete and final
answer to the use which is sought to be made of this fact as an excuse
for treasonable revolution, followed by emigration, is that the power to ex
tirpate this evil Is and always has been In the people themselves, without
seizing the Philippines or in any other way imitating the decadent con
tortions of ancient Rome, or doing more than dropping an honest ballot at
each election. The attacks upon corporations and trusts have , largely
failed, sometimes because they ought to fall, but more frequently be
cause their assailants were cranks or corruptionists, without dignity,
power, or solid backing. After much observation and some experience, I
have been driven to the conclusion that, In our country as elsewhere,
"judgment must begin at the house of God," and that, when our citizens
practice and enforce Individual integrity among themselves, in their sev
eral occupations and at the polls, corporations will be at once protected In
their legal rights and divested of all illegitimate power and Influence and
corruption will cease to be a dominating quantity in American politics.
Americans have no manacles on their limbs and one of the evidences of
our freedom is that they can travel and settle where they please, but they
find no part of the earth better than their own, and they may wander, but
they almost universally return. Their main difficulty is not so much to take
care of themselves, as to prevent the Intrusion of Inferior races, to whom
scanty bread and poor shelter are the sole objects In life.
If we have not already reached, we have approached dangerously
near, the abandonment of the Monroe doctrine. I believe that the revo
lutionary wave should now be stayed. I am an American in heart and
in soul, and my faith concentrates upon the American Republic, which
shall never, with my consent or without my protest, be used as a mask for
imperial colonization or sink to the level of Asia on the one side or of
Europe on the other. We must lift humanity up to our Ideas and not
drown ourselves in a glittering sea of barbarism, irradiated by the false
sun of military glory. PUBLIC OLA.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CARRY ARMS— F. E. ML. Oak Hill,
Napa County, Cal. "Carry Arms" Is no
.onger a part of the United States tactics.
SCHLEY— L.. A. W., City. A son of the
commodore, nbw in the army, says that
Ban Francisco, July 18, 1898-
his name and that of his father is pro
nounced as If written Schli, with thu
sound of "i" long.
BUNKER HlLL— Subscriber, City. The
answer in relation to the battle of Bunker
Hill was answered in this department
July 15, under the head of "Victory."
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Dr. Hurbert of Stockton is at the
Russ.
W. H. Hatton, a lawyer of Modesto, 1b
at the Lick.
Judge S. F. Geil of Salinas is staying
at the Occidental.
H. A. Bingham, a wine merchant ofi Co
lumbia Hill, is at the Lick.
Louis Kahn, a grain dealer of Oakdale,
is registered at the Palace.
W. S. Jenkins, a mining man of Sono
ra, is stopping at the Grand.
Colonel D. P. Fairbanks of Petaluma
is registered at the California.
Daniel E. Hayes, State Prison Com
missioner, is at the Occidental.
G. F. Packer, a rancher and capitalist
of Colusa, is staying at the Russ.
George E. Goodman, a banker of Napa,
and wife are staying at the Palace.
W. A. Harris, a prominent attorney of
Los Angeles. Is stopping at the Palace.
P. Hirschfeld, a well-known merchant
of Los Angeles, is stopping at the Lick.
W Forsyth. the well-known raisin
grower of Fresno, Is a guest at the Occi
dental.
Hugh Duffey, vice-president of the Cort
land Wagon Company of New York, la
in town.
O. B. Smith, manager of WeTlman, Peck
& Co.'s branch business in Fresno, la at
the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. Morton MltcSiell arrived
in this city yesterday and are stopping at
the Palace.
J B Peakes. proprietor of the Sea
Beach Hotel, Santa Crua, Is registered at
the Palace. i
H. M. Terrington, president of the Car
son and Virginia Railroad, and wife axe
at the Palace.
Mrs. D. L. Munro of Stockton has made
her home with her mother, Mrs. Breck
inridge, Berkeley.
Captain J. B. Overton, superintendent
of the Virginia City Wfeter Works, la
staying at the Russ.
Thomas Moore, a prominent M<raor mer
chant of New York, and wife ar« regis
tered at the Baldwin.
Dr. Hawkins, City and County Coroner,
has left for Lake Tahoe, where he will
remain for two weeks.
Hugo D. Keil, vice president and «*-
Bisting manager of Goldberg, Boww &
Co., is at present In New York city.
Mrs. John P. Jones, wife of Senator
Jones of Nevada, and daughters arrived
yesterday from Portland and are stop
ping at the Palace.
Dr. J. T. Arnest of Tennessee, during
our Civil War a surgeon in the Confed
erate army, and at one time one of our
most prominent grain merchants in this
city, Is quite ill at St. Luke's Hospital.
His many friends hope soon to se« him
again on California street.
THE TEMPER OE THE MEN.
Hobson's Dispatch From Prison:
My health continues good- Feel no un
easiness about me.
Reginald Ronald, of the Rough Riders:
It was a regular lead syndicate.
Captain Capron's Dying "Words:
How are the boys fighting?
Captain Philip, After the Texas Was Hit:
The only assistance we require la some
explosive shells.
■ ♦ ■ r - : >--S>-
CaL glace fruit 60c per lb at Townsend'a.*
■ ♦ »
Judge J. M. Thomas, a pioneer of Kan
sas, and a man who has held many Im
portant offices in the State, was drowned
recently while fishing in a small stream.
'■ ♦ ■
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042.. •
High prices were paid for pictures by
Mlllais at the Renton- sale in London.
"The Order of Release" was bought by
Mr. Tate for $25,530, and later presented
by him to the Tate National Gallery.
"The Black Brunswicker" brought $13,540:
"Yes," $5110;. "Afternoon Tea," $6643, and
"Urquhart Castle," $3321.
■ ♦ ■
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 250 a bottle.
CORONADO— Atmosphere is perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from the
mists common further north. Ronnd-trip tick
ets, by steamship. Including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado, $60; longer stay,
}2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery st.,
8. F., or E. 8. BABCOCK, Manager Hotel del
Coronado, Coronado, Cal.
WHick the hair Is thin and gray Pabkeb's^Hais
Balsam renews the growth and color.
i'ABKEB's Gisqrb Tonic the best cough com
Bates Are Cut
To Bed rock. Call at 1 new ticket office
of the Santa Fe route at 828 Market st. Very
low rates to all Eastern cities. It will pay
you to Investigate.
MOKI TEA POSITIVELY CCRES SICK
headache, indigestion and constipation. A de
lightful herb drink. Removes all eruptions of
the skin, producing a perfect complexion, or
money refunded. At No Percentage Pharmacy.
Gustav Freytag'9 posthumous papers
will not be published fo_r some time, as
the novelist's widow, who was his second
wife, and his son by his first marriage ara
at law as to who shall supervise the edit
ing.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROYAL BAKING
POWDER con-
tains no acid except
that derived from
grapes, and is pure,
healthful, sure In
making the finest
food, and of highest
practical strength.
Baking powders
made from harsh,
caustic acids are low-
er in price. They may
puff up the dough,
but they will ruin
the stomach.
yOYAI BAKIN9 PQWOBW CO., W»W YOKK.TROOPS ORDERED TO PRESIDIO
BY THE WAR DEPARTMENT
THT: First Montana Regiment,
T'r.ited States Volunteers, and
300 recruits destined to nil the
ranks of the First California
Regiment sailed for the Philip
pines yesterday on the steamship
Pennsylvania. Tidings of the arrival
nt Manila of the second expedition,
which sailed from this city June 15 on
the steamers China, Zealandia, Colon
and Senator, are hourly expected. It
was understood when General Greene,
the commander of the expedition, left
San Francisco that he had authority to
attack the Spanish at Manila without
awaiting the arrival of additional
forces. _
Orders came from the VTar Depart
ment yesterday directing Major Gen
eral Merriam to use the Presidio for
encampment purposes and to move the
troops now at Camp Merritt to the
reservation.
THE OREGON'S FIGHT.
Cervera's Cruisers at Santiago
Were Smashed by the Rec
ord Breaking Battleship.
The annexed letter, written by a Cai
rn aboard the battle-ship Oregon,
I? a graphic and correct account of the
ent at Santiago In which the
. Bpanish cruisers were shattered
and sunk. The fact is very clearly pre
sented that the destruction of the
Bpanish tteet was largely due to the
: and fighting abilities of the Ore-
BOARD BATTLE SHIP OREGON,
LYING OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA,
f.-Dear Mother: 1 received a lettet
■ OU mid was very glad to hear from
•.,1 to know that all were well at
We are having some very exciting
times with the Spaniards. Some of the
mam features 1 Will try to describe to
[though you may have already read
gn In the newspapers.
1 will try to tell you ot the bombard
ment and of the battle that followed, as i
Biiw it with my own eyes.
Early morning, Julj I, the flagship r^ew
York signaled us to take our position off
the bat i to i>e ready to bombard
■ t at 5 O'clock (which we did). There
Borne hitch in the movement of the
army on shore we only throw a few shells
into the town and then retreated. On the
July wi I" mbarded the forts with a.
. silencing all of the batterie*
aslng the dagoes away from them,
being the closest in and doln&
Bt \v..rk as usual.
: July, Sunday, everything was
ip and we had on our clean
s for Sunday inspection, never sus-
I g that anything wouid happen. It
.- a. m. when our signal
quartermaster told the officer of the deck
that the Spanish fleet was coming out.
I at him, but sure
enough there they came, big and stately,
one <■: the grandest sights that a man
tooked upon. The first one to come
out was the big cruiser, the Vlzcaya, with
sh admiral's ting flying. Fol
lowing her in quick succession came the
.. the new< si and latest
ship Spain had; then the Maria Teresa
tn< Almirante Ucjuendo, and last, but
not least, three hip torpedo boat destroy
ers. We were In for it.
The ships that took part in the battla
on our side were the Oregon, lowa, in
ooklyn and Texas, the rest o:
linwn to the coaling sta
,n-ntly wasn't in it. We
ETie llrst shot and the last at the
■
nish fleet, after getting clear of
the entrance of the harbor, let gp a broao
and the shells were going over
us like hail, but none of thorn struck v*.
and then they started up the coast, going
in the direction of Havana. Their object
Was to get away, and three of them at
: <\ have succeeded had It not
\ • en for us <the Oregon), there being only
one ship, the Brooklyn, besides ourselves
• ■ • . teh them. The first ships t>>
• doom were the torpedo boats,
one of which we sunk, and the other went
[■moke and flames. We were fast
drawing ahead of our own fleet and catch
the rear Spaniard, the Almi-
YVe let go a broadsiti>- at
a 13-Inch shell weighing \vy>
Is tore through her quarterdeck,
tearing her to pieces and setting her
ai'.re. Then . she turned tail and headed
for the beach. We did not stop.
The Spaniard right ahead of us was
turning her broadside to us to give us a
raking fire. She did not succeed, for w?
Ip a regular fire at her and she being
only 400 yards away from us we literally
Fhot her to pieces. She was soon afire
fore and aft and starting for the beach.
That was the last of the Maria Terc:-a.
The next one ahead of us doing the best
Bhe could to get away was the Vizcaya,
with Admiral Cervera aboard. By this
time we were away out of signal dis
tance of the rest of our ships. Thf only
which kept up with us was th«.
Brooklyn, and she was practically doing
no tiring. We were directly oft the Y!:,
caya before we fired a phot at her, and
v.-hfiii we turned loose the shock mu.-t
have been terrific to her, for a 13-lnch
went into h< r stern and came oui
her bow, and God knows how many
cmaller ones struck her.
struck her colors, headed for th«
beach and blew up shortly after.
There was still one ship ahead of us, the
Cristobal Colon, the crack ship of Spain,
nmi she gave us a long chase. The Brook
lyn could have caught her. but she seemed
cfraid to tackle nor. She gave us a three
hours' chase before we came within any
kind of shooting distance. When we did
BO we let go our forward 13-inch turret
funs. One struck on each side of her, and
guess must have scared the dagoes to
di -h.
< >ur captain gave orders to let go the 8-
Ir.ch, which we did, and one of them
struck her aft and went clean through
!'*r. Shortly after she struck her dolors
and headed for the beach.
When we came up to her the
Brooklyn sent a boat over to her and
Commodore Schley said to the Span
ish captain, "Well, we have got you
at last."
"Oh, no," said the Spanish cap
tain, as he pointed at our Captain
Clark; "there is the man who sunk
the Spanish navy and captured me."
Wo were busy transferring prisoners
till late in the night. The Colon turned
<'ver on her side during the night, and we
left her In the mSrning.
There were 400 Spaniards killed in the
flght and 1500 prisoners taken. The prize
money I get will pay for the lot in Berke
ley.
This Ip all I have tn say. except that 1
never felt better In my life. I remain
your loving son, JOHN LUSEY.
THE PRESIDIO CAMP.
First New York, to Garrison
Honolulu — General Miller
Visits the Reservation.
As stated exclusively In The Call sev
eral days ago, the programme now is for
the First New York to do garrison duty
at Honolulu. This has been definitely
decided upon by General Merrlam. Fes
terdajr Lieutenant Colonel Stacpole was
summoned into conference with General
Merriam. The general informed him thr.t
his regiment would go to Honolulu, prob
ably the last of this month, and that It
would do garrison duty there. The regi
ment is to superintend the building 1 cf
Government barracks, and much of the
material is to be sent from here for that
purpose. Colonel Stacpole said that this
was official, but he added that, as he un
derstood it, the regiment was to hay a
chance to go to the Philippines, if alicr
they were sent to Honolulu it was found
necessary to have more troops go to Ma
nila.
Colonel Barber still remains too Indis
posed to assume command of the regi
ment. The regiment will go to the Sutro
Baths on Monday morning for a swim, the
entire bath house having been placed at
their disposal. All the men in the .res*
.ment were vaccinated yesterday by Sur
geon Major Davis and his assistants.
The officers of the Wyoming (Alger)
Light Battery are hopeful that their
command will be sent to Honolulu along
with the First New York. The battery
v.ill have its new guns and all equipments
in a few days, and orders have been is
sued that these be furnished the battery
as rapidly as possible. No official. orders
have yet been issued for . the battery to
go, but the general impression is that
it will accompany the New York Regi
ment.
r.ripadier General Miller was at the
Presidio this morning, looking over the
ground with a view of finding the best
possible location for the troops at Camp
Merritt that are to be moved. No definite
selections were made' by General Miller,
but it is understood that some of the
troops will camp on the Blope to the south
of the New York's camp, and the others
will be scattered over the most advanta
geous places in the reservation. No or
ders, as far as can be learned, have yet
been issued for the troops to move from
Camp Merritt to the Presidio. Those
troops that are to leave camp in the next
two weeks will hardly be moved to the
Presidio.
The Utah Cavalry will leave for Se
quoia Park on August 5 and go into camp
there for the summer. There are 97 men
in the command, of whom 79 are mounted.
The eighteen unmounted men will act as
packers and teamsters. The distance is
about 315 miles, and it will be covered In
aboiit two weeks.
Sergeant Henry Blum, Battery A, Third
Artillery, has been relieved as overseer of
prisoners at Alcatraz Island, and will be
returned to the station of his battery.
Sergeant John Jardine of Battery I has
been detailed In his place.
EIGHTH REGIMENT.
Day of Excitement and Changes
Among the Men at Camp
Barrett.
CAMP BARRETT, BATHER STA
TION, July 19.— The monotony of camp
life was all broken up from the moment
of the first bugle sound this morning, for
the members of the Eighth Regiment.
The men were just awakening when the
powder magazine, less than a quarter of
a mile away, blew up. For a moment it
was thought to be an earthquake, but
the cloud of sand, dirt, brick and frag
ments of timber, clothing and human
flesh that went up into the air and soon
began to rain down throughout the camp
made all realize the terrible tragedy
which had been enacted. A moment later
a horseman came racinginto camp calling
for assistance to succor the killed and
wounded and fight the flames, which gave
evidence of completing the havoc
wrought by the explosion.
Captain W. H. Simpson, Company G, of
Alameda, seemed to be the first to -realize
what had taken place and in less time
than it takes to write it he had his com
mand going out of camp in double quick
time toward the scene of the disaster. The
surgeons, Lieutenants Dudley and Yost,
called Hospital Steward Taggart to bring
the stretcher and necessary supplies,
which he did in quicker time than the
corps has ever turned out since going into
the volunteer service. On their arrival,
however, it was seen that but little aid
could be extended to the wounded. Medi
cal attention was given Deputy Sheriffs
Lerri and Cameron and Mrs. Hall. The
former died almost on the arrival of the
physicans, while Mrs. Hall lingered only
about a quarter of an hour. The regi
mental hospital was placed at the dis
posal of the officers, but it was thought
best to take Cameron into Oakland.
The usual morning hour duties kept the
men busy until noon, but the work of the
regimental officers showed that there
was something in the wind. Immediately
after dinner the order was given to
strike tents and the afternoon was devot
ed to moving to the new site along High
street, across the California Railway.
The companies moved to-day, while
the regimental quarters and kitchens
will be moved in the morning.
The guardhouse furnished sufficient
help to clean up the old grounds
and burn the rubbish, after which the
prisoners worked until supper time rak
ing up all the rubbish In the new quar
ters.
The new camp is not laid out In mili
tary fashion owing to the shape of the
site occupied. Regimental quarters are
the same, but the company streets run
diagonally to the regiment street, the of
ficers 1 tents being along High street.
The kitchens, instead of being at the foot
of the company tents, will have to all
be along the south side of the camp di
agonal to the company streets. The Ar
my Christian Commission, Catholic Truth
Society, Rtd Cross and hospital tents
will be at the foot of the company streets.
The officers are located east of their com
panies and will get all the dust blown
Into their quarters.
Three officers were mustered into the
service to-day. Assistant Surgeon Lieu
tenant YV. P. Dudley, who was recently
promoted to regimental surgeon, was
mustered In as a major, while C. D. Mc-
Geuigan was mustered in as the junior
ant to fill the vacancy. The latter
ranks as a lieutenant. Chaplain Oliver ( .
Miller was mastered in as a captain and
hereafter the regiment will have a spir
itual leader. Chaplain Miller is an eo^or
as well as a minister. He has published
the Pentecost for some time past. He
secured have of absence until Saturday
to allow him time to close up his affairs
with his church and his publication.
Major and Surgeon W. F. Dudley is in
re< • ipt of a very handsome sword and
belt with gold and silver mountings, the
gift of the Nurses' Training School in
San Francisco. Dr. Dudley is a graduate
of the old McClure's Military Academy,
and has been connected with the Na
tional Guard for eight years, having
served in the Fifth, Sixth and First reg
iments, organized the signal corps of the
Third Brigade and served as an aide-camp
on the staff of Brigadier Geiural Milier.
The past three years and a half he has
been resident physician of the San Fran
cisco City and County Hospital. It was
in the latter capacity that he came in
contact with the donors of the sword. He
appreciates the gift very highly.
Lieutenant McGettigan, tne new assist
ant surgeon, is a graduate of St. Mary's
College, Oakland, and the medical de
partment of the University of California.
He served two and a half years in St.
Mary's Hospital, San Francisco, and for
some time has been the resident physi
cian at the Sisters' Hospital in Sacra-
mento.
The patriotic citizens of Oakland will
present the regiment with a stand of col
ors to-morrow (Wednesday) afternoon at
4:30. The presentation address will be made
by Hon. R. M. Fitzgerald, while J. H.
Mar-donald and P. B. Bowles v.-ill deliver
the colors. Colonel Park Henshaw will
respond to the presentation with a few
words expressive of the appreciation of
the men for the gift. A special car will
be run out from Thirteenth and Franklin
streets for the accommodation of the sub
scribers to the fund for the purchase of
the colors. The ceremony attending a flag
presentation is very pretty and there is
sure to be a very large Attendance of vis
itors.
Captain George B. Baldwin, Company
M. San Jose, appeared in camp to-day
with one of the new brown canvas ser
vice uniforms. The change was startling
and emphasized his size to perfection. As
a consequence there was a constant
stream of "Where did you get that uni
form?" The question came from brother
officers, non-coms and privates, while
the ordinary civilian stood in awe ana
asked it under his breath of his next door
neighbor. The result was more than hu
man nature could endure and before night
Captain Baldwin was in anything but an
amiable state of mind. As he took his
company out to dress parade a young fel
low lying in the grass after a full survey
of the big captain from front and rear re
marked: "Where did you get that uni-
This was the straw which broke the
camel's back. Quick as a flash the cap
tain, now thoroughly angered, turned on
the questioner and began kicking him.
"Get out of here, you hobo," he shouted.
"Get out of here, I say. We don't want
any tramps on these grounds."
The guard detail to-night consisted of
Captain William S. Barnes, Company C,
Petaluma. officer of the day; Lieutenant
F. S. Drady, Company L, Marysville, of
ficer of the guard, and Lieutenant Yar-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 1898.
RECORD OF AN ABLE OFFICER.
First Lieutenant Clarence Strevell, Adjutant
First New York Regiment, U. S. V.
. /^N NE of the most soldierly and popular officers in the New York <J>
T I . 1 Regiment is Clarence Strevell. the regimental adjutant. He has the <$>
\^J rank of first lieutenant and has seen, fourteen years of service in the <^
♦ National Guard of New York. He enlisted In Company B of the fa- <&
4> mous Tenth Battalion of Albany as a private in 18S4, and by his attention to ♦
<3> duty as well as his capability soon won promotion for himself. He arose $>
<«> through the various non-commissioned offices until he was made battalion ♦
<$> adjutant, and when the regiment was encamped at Camp Black he was <£
<$> made regimental adjutant, succeeding Major Emmett. Mr. Strevell Is one ♦
<£ of the best known young lawyers where he resides, and when the war <£
♦ broke out he unhesitatingly gave up a large practice to go to the front for ♦
4> his country. He comes from one of the oldest and most influential families ♦
•■•> in New York, and in his home he is a great society man. 4
♦ : V^~.:-V:- .'.;*,', 'V. .y' '>'
♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦
Nell Foot©, Company A, Chlco, euper
officer of the guard.
J E Stanton, a picolo player, was added
to the band to-day. Chief Musician
Gomez Is in need of an E flat clarinet
and slide trombone to complete his band.
Players of these instruments desiring po
sitions should apply to him at once.
The wife and little son of Lieutenant J.
G Estep, Company H, of Redding, have
taken up' their residence in a hotel near
the camp. She is the first of the officers'
wives to avail herself of the opportunity
to be near her husband.
EIGHTH ARMY CORPS.
Decrease ' in the Sick Rate.
Transports Inspected by the
Sanitary Board.
Acting Adjutant General S. W. Belford
has been detached from service with
Brigadier General Miller's headquarters
and ordered to report to Major General
E. S. Otis at Honolulu. Captain Belford
will take passage on the Rio. No one is
vet assigned to the vacancy.
Surgeon Major Rafter announces that
the sick rate in the Twentieth Kansas
has decreased 25 men per day since the
location of the Kansas camp was
changed.
The Sanitary Board yesterday Inspected
the new transport Scandia, and has de
clared the boat in good condition. The
board is of the opinion that it will be ten
d'ivs at the very least before it can be
mft in shape to sail. The plans concern
ing i he field hospital were changed yes
''OnNlonday Surgeon General Middleton
had decided to send off the new 1200-bed
hospital in charge of Major W. O. Owen,
leaving the hospital now In use here in
charge of Major Morris. A protest was
entered against the separation of the two
hospitals and Burgeon Middleton prom
lsed that the protest would be favorably
ci >nsddered.
Tho boat to be used as a hospital ship
has not been finally selected. It lies be
tween the St. Paul and Scandia, with the
Scandia most in favor.
Dr. Page, who, a day or so ago, was as
signed to the Rio, has been detached from
that service and ordered to wait for the
St. Paul, which will sail with the Scandia.
The recruits of the Second and Third
battalions of the Eighteenth have been
ordered to not go aboard the Rio and no
disposition of them has yet been made
except to return them to the battalion
now here.
Orders to South Dakota to break camp
have not yet issued though it is expected
that they certainly will issue to-day.
TENNESSEEAN BANQUET.
Elaborate Entertainment Given
In Camp Merritt's Big
Tent
An enjoyable banquet wm given at Camp
Merritt last night to the officers of the
Tennessee Regiment by the following
named gentlemen: Luke Battles, Hon.
E. W. Vest, John F. McGovern, Fred
Raabe, W. A. Stephens. The following
named officers of the regiment were pres
sent: Major A. B. Bayless, Captain A.
C. Gillem, Captain George Reed, Captain
H. R. Richmond, First Lieutenant A. J.
Bright, First Lieutenant A. J. Law, First
Lieutenant W. J. Alexander, First Lieu
tenant G. L. Chapman, Second Lieutenant
H. li. Eastman, Second Lieutenant C. M.
McLester, Second Lieutenant R. E. Mar
tin, Second Lieutenant F. M. William.
The following were the mascots: Joe
Wheeler, Zeke Carsey, aged 12 years; Dr.
McCann. The first rendered many charm.
ing pieces of music on the guitar and the
boy wonder on the piccolo.
An. elegant dinner was served In tho
large tent and toasts were given by the
following named gentlemen: Hon. E. W.
Vest, Luke Battles, John T. McGovern,
Fred Raabe, W. A. Stephens, Lieutenant
H. H. Eastman, Lieutenant R. E. Mar
tin, Captain H. R. Richmond, Captain A.
C. Gillem, Captain George Reed.
The entertainment closed with a duet
sung by Captain Thomas McCarthy and
Judge TV. A. Ryan of Los Angeles, enti
tled "Home and Mother"; Hon. James
Moran of Los Angeles recited "Lincoln's
Farewell Address to the Army," and
closed with a grand tableau, "Tenting on
the Old Camp Ground."
PENNSYLVANIA SAILS.
Parting Salutes Given to the
Montana Regiment and
the First California.
The departure of the steamer Pennsyl
vania with the First Montana Regiment
and 300 recruits for the First California
yesterday morning at 10:30 o'clock for
Manila was witnessed by a large num
ber of people on the dockß and on steam
ers, tugs and launches. The departing
transport recei^jd the usual salute of
all the steam whistles along the water
front and was escorted out to the Golden
Gate by a number of the steam craft.
On one of the tugs was a large delegation
of the Catholic Truth Society.
The next transport to sail for the Philip
pines will be the City of Rio Janeiro. Her
sailing date has been fixed for Saturday
next, in the morning. The troops will go
on board on Friday.
Yesterday the St. Paul went on the dry
dock and the Scandia was docked at Pa
cific street and was at once Inspected by
the naval examining board. All the berths
that were used for the Russian soldiers
are to be torn out. It is thought that
the St. Paul and Scandia will be ready
for the reception of troops by Wednesday
The Arizona, which has been added to
the transport service, Is now on the way
here from Puget Sound.
The following officers were appointed
yesterday by General Merriam as a board
for the inspection of transport vessels:
Major George Ruhlen, quartermaster;
Major E. R. Morris, surgeon, and Cap
tain Thomas Raymond, assistant sur
geon.
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.
War Department Requested to
Immediately Develop tho
Presidio Reservation.
The members of the Chamber of Com
merce are determined that Camp Merritt
shall be abolished and that the troops
now quartered there shall be removed to
the Presidio, where they belong. They
argue that the location of Camp Merritt
Is wholly unfit for the purpose to which
it is now being put, and that if it is con
tinued as a camp much longer the health
of the city will be impaired. A few days
ago the president, Hugh Craig, sent a
dispatch to President McKinley request
ing that he use his best endeavors to have
the soldiers removed to the regular mili
tary post at the Presidio. This action
was indorsed at the meeting of the
Chamber yesterday and the following
resolution will be forwarded to the War
Department at once:
Whereas, The conquest of the Philippine Isl
ands and the annexation of the' Hawaiian Isl
ands have caused the government to concen
trate thousands of soldlera in this city, thereby
making this city a grand military rendezvous;
Whereas, In any event. In order to recruit
our military forces In the Philippine ana Ha
waiian Islands, It will be necessary to perman
ently maintain a large force of soldiers In this
C Whereas, The dlSMtroui result* of the ex
perimental station known as Camp Merritt
have proved most conclusively that tn« great
Presidio military reservation of 1,486 acres Is
the only proper place for the milit»>ry rendez
vous on this peninsula; -. ■<—
Resolved, That we respectfully aak the War
Department of the United States to Immedi
ately develop the Presidio military reservation
by sewering the tract, by providing an ade
quate water supply for the entire tract and by
grading sufficient areas for drill grounds and
erecting barracks for the accommodation of
not less than 25,000 men. In times past the
city government and private citizens of this
city have cordially co-operated with the War
Department In every movement looking to the
development of the Presidio, and on many oc
casions private citizens have, at great expense,
opened graded and bltumlni«ed streets at the
reauest of officers stationed at the Presidio;
and now that the military neoesslty and com
mercial interest demand prompt action on the
part of the Government the Chamber of Com
THE MAGUIRE MEN
WERE IN THE MAJORITY
ONE WING OF THE DEMOCRACY
RULED WITH HEAVY HAND
An Assessment Levied to Provide
Grease for the Machine Nearly
Stampeded the County
Committee.
The Buckley-Magulre-Gallagher Demo
cratic County Committee met in Native
Sons' Hall last night and ran through the
programme arranged at a caucus held
Monday evening. Buckley did not attend
the meeting last night, but Dick Creigh
ton, Alec Greggains and "Billy" Bell wer«
present to see that no number on the pro
gramme was changed.
After the meeting had been called to
order J. Placehunter Dunn, chairman of
the committee, announced that reports of
committees were in order, the Maguireite
having previously determined to dispense
with the reading of the minutes of the
previous meeting.
The first committee report came close
to doing worse work than a dynamite
bomb. It provided that each member of
the committee, appointed by the "sinless
nine" of the State Central. Committee, be
assessed $2 BO to defray the expenses of
keeping the Buckley-Magulre-Gallagher
machine running. The motion prevailed
and there was a wild rush— but not In the
direction of the treasurer's desk. A ma
jority of the committeemen had Important
business to transact downfown, and a
panic was only averted by the timely ac
tion of one of Buckley's old and tried
lambs. He closed the door and thus pre
vented the committeemen stampeding and
trampling one another to death in the
hallway in their mad haste to reach the
elevator, Colonel Blenfleld, aid-de-camp
to Max Popper, was one of the coolest
men in the hall. "What are you running
away for?" said he to the excited commit
teemen. "Walt till Sammy Braunhart
chips in the pot. Then we," he concluded
with lofty airs, "will come up to the cap
tain's office." His words had a reassuring
effect and the crisis was over.
Max Popper, who doesn t tell all he
knows, especially when called as a wit
ness before the Grand Jury, next claimed
the floor to offer the following resolution's:
Whereas. C. P. Huntingdon haa, by securing
recent legislation by Congress through which
he hopes to evade the payment of the Central
Pacific Railroad Company's debt of sixty mil
lion dollar*! to the Government of the United
States made the question of railroad domina
tion In this State the paramount Issue In ths
ensuing campaign.
Whereas. Said Huntingdon and his associates
have fnr the past thirty years debauched and
corrupted the politics of this State, dictating
the nomination and election of Judges of the
Supreme and Superior Courts, of members of
the Legislature, of the Railroad Commission,
of the Board of Equalization and of the Com
mon Councils and Boards of Supervisors
throughout the State.
And whereas, the Democratic County Com
mittee of San Francisco, as at present consti
tuted Is earnestly opposed to the domination
of State politics by C. P. Huntlngton and his
corrupt tools and purchased servitors and is
resolutely determined that this portion of our
fair Btate shall no longer be treated as the
plantation of a greedy, corrupt and tyrannical
usurper, whose sole object seems to be to
hinder and obstruct the growth and prosperity
of thii community.
Resolved, That the future progress and pros
perity of this city can only be Insured by free
ing It from the strangling grip of C. P. Hunt
lngton and securing to Its people the benefit of
free competition in the business of the trans
WILL HURRY THE REMOVAL
Steps Have Already Been Taken for
the Transfer of Troops From
Camp Merritt to the
Presidio.
Major-General Merriam has received positive orders to hare all the
troops at Camp Merritt moved with all possible haste to the Presidio reser
vation, and in less than ten minutes after these Instructions cams from the
War Department the Initial steps for the removal were taken.
It has all along been the desire of General Merriam to have this move
made, but up to the departure of Major General Otis he had no voice what
ever in the matter. It is upon the suggestion of General Merriam that this
sanitary movement has been ordered.
Contracts are now being let for laying water pipes and constructing a
sewer system at the Presidio. This work will be done In a very few days.
At those points where it will be too Inconvenient to put in water pipes or re
quire too much time to put them down, the water will be supplied In carts.
The sloping ground just west of the east boundary of the reservation and
■outh of the car tracks will afford room for quite a large number of troops,
as will also the golf ground.
Brigadier General Miller yesterday called on General Merriam and held
quite an extended conference with him in regard to these matters, and it Is
said that General Merriam expressed the belief that Camp Merritt could be
entirely abandoned within a week or ten days.
Already certain work Is being done at Camp Merritt with a view ot an
early removal.
A telegram reached Brigadier General Miller's headquarters yesterday
from the Secretary of War directing that all commanding officers of regi
ments at Camp Merritt report to General Merriam for further equipment
and instructions as to drill.
The telegram also stated that Camp Merrltt had been condemned and
that all troops will be immediately moved to the Presidio.
The first order to this effect was issued yesterday to Major "W. O. Owen,
directing him to move the Field Hospital to tha barracks at the Presidio
by Thursday.
mere*, representing the business Interests of
the city, feels that It has a riprht to call the
attention of the "War Department to Presidio
needs, and in so doing- is simply performing 1
a public duty, especially as the improvements
sußfreisted by this chamber have on several
occ&jtlons been earnestly recommended by army
officer*.
Unhealthy Habitations.
A special meeting of the Board of
Health will be held this morning to take
action on the matter of removing the vol
unteer soldiers now stationed at Camp
Merritt to the Presidio. The sanitary con
dition of the camp is daily proving worse,
and unless speedy action is taken there is
every possibility of a spread of infectious
diseases.
The board will also declare a building
on Francisco street, between Kearny
and Montgomery, as unfit for habitation.
Daniel Eaper and wife are Hying there
under circumstances that indicate that
unless the building is soon vacated and
torn down there will be plenty of work
for physicians living in the locality. The
attention of the board was called to the
house several days ago by Police Ser
geant Esola.
SAN DIEGO BAY.
Notice to Mariners in Regard
to the Submarine Mines.
Captain George "W. Coffln, inspector of
the Twelfth Lighthouse District, has is
sued a notice by order of the Lighthouse
Board that the submarine mines will be
continued in position In connection with
the defenses of San Diego Bay, but the
following changes have been made in the
regulations for the safe navigation of
the entrance:
"Vessels will be allowed to pass through
the channel entrance at any time of day
or night, but must pass between the
buoys marking- the channel to the south
ward of Ballast Point. The light on Bal
last Point and the harbor lights will be
re-established at once. All vessels draw
ing three feet or less can pass safely
through any part of the channel at any
time. Steam vessels must pass at slow
speed through certain portions of the
channel, which will be marked by buoys.
portatlon of commodities between it and the
Bister cities of this and other States of our
Resolved, That this committee, both indi
ridually and collectively, pledges Itself and Its
members to appoint as delegates to the next
Democratic State Convention such persons as
are known to be unalterably opposed to the
domination of our State politics by C. P. Hunt
ington aid his servile minions.
Resolved, That we commend and approve the
action of the representatives in Congress from
this State who courageously fought the
stealthy attempt of C. P. Huntlngton to evade
the payment of the just debt due from the
Central Pacific Railroad Company to the Gov
ernment and did all in their power to prevent
the paaswre of the rider to an appropriation
bill by which this nefarious object has been
attained. .
Resolved, That we specially commend our
faithful representative from the Fourth Dis
trict the Hon. James O. Maruire. for the
able ' efficient nnd indefatigable services which
he has rendered the people of this city and
State by courageously leading the fight against
Huntlnjjton's diFhonest funding schemes in
every form; and be it further
Resolved, That while we are precluded un
der the rules of this committee from instruct
in* our delegates to the State convention to
Tf»te for any particular candidate, we Indorse
the candldaoy of the Hon. James O. Maf_ulre
for the office of Governor of the State of Cali
fornia.
Barna McKinne was opposed to the
adoption of any resolutions Indorsing
Congressman Magtiire or any other can
didate. Such a proceeding, he argued
•would be un-Democratic, intemperate ana
unauthorized. - « __. v »i.
A lengthy discussion followed, but Mo-
Kinne was the only one found opposed to
the Maguire indorsement proposition.
ExJudge Bridgford next found fault
with the section referring to the Hunting
tonian dictation of the nomination of
Judges of the Supreme and Superior
Courts, etc., and to mollify htm the com
mittee decided to modify the original
resolution in that respect to the effect
that Huntington only dictated at times.
The resolutions were then adopted as
amended and three cheers were given for
Magulre.
The following were appointed a com
mittee to devlsa plans for the appoint
ment of delegates to the State conven
tion; .
Twenty-elehth District— James V. Colem&n.
Twenty-ninth District— Lawrence J. Bran-
Thirtieth District— P. J. Tomalty.
Thirty-first District— Joseph C. Gorman.
Thlrty-?econd District— John F. Twlgg.
Thirty-third District— Richard V. Curtis.
Thirty-fourth District— John H. Hausen.
Thirty-fifth District— Dr. Charles E. Jone«.
Thirty-sixth District— Timothy J. Lyons.
Thirty-seventh District— John M. Nougues.
Thirty-eighth District— Jeremiah Deasy.
Thirty-ninth District— l. Gutte.
Fortieth District— Dr. John F. Morse.
Forty-first District— Emll Pohli.
Forty-second District— Patrick Boland.
Forty-third District— Thomas J. Pinder.
Forty-fourth District— John Fay Jr.
Forty-fifth District— M. H. Hernan.
Objection was made to the name of
Joseph C. Gorman, as he is employed in
Sacramento and cannot reasonably be ex
pected to look after the interests of the
Thirty-first District, but he was on the
slate and remained there.
The several district committees were
authorized to suggest names for per
manent registration officers, and the
meeting adjourned to the call of the
chair.
The Whittier Machine Shop.
The trustees of the Whittier Reform
School have begun an action in the Su
preme Court to compel Controller Colgan
to draw his warrant on a demand pre
sented by them for $4000. The trustees
condemned one of the machinery build
ings of the school as unsafe and adver
tised for plans for another building, offer
ing a premium of $4000 for the plans that
should be accepted. Small premiums were
also offered for the second and third best
planß. The Contrdller refused to draw his
warrant for these claims, stating that th«
Whittier school fund does not provide for
such expenses. The trustees found that i
No vessel will be allowed to anclior with
in three miles of Ballast Point without
special authority. Vessels are warned
that if they disregard these regulations
they will expose themselves to serious
damage, and will be liable to be fired on
by the batteries."
READY TO EMBARK.
Brigadier-General H. G. Otis
Relinquishes Command of
the Third Brigade.
* By the following order Brlga- •
* dler General Otis relinquished *
* command of the Third Brigade in ♦
* order that he may get time In ♦
* which to prepare to embark upon *
* the transport Rio de Janeiro: *
* HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRI- *
* GADE, INDEPENDENT DIVI- #
* SION EIGHTH ARMY CORPS, *
* CAMP MERRITT, July 19.— Gen- *
* eral Orders No. 26.— 1. Under au- *
* thority from the major general *
* commanding the Department of #
* California and the troops destined ♦
* for the Philippine Islands, I hereby ♦
* relinquish command of the Third *
* Brigade of this corps. 1. The com- #
* xnanding officers of the Seventh #
* California and Fifty-first lowa In- #
* fantry will report for orders to •»
* Brigadier General M. P. Miller, #
* commanding Independent Division ♦
* and Camp Merrltt. H. G. OTIS, #
* Brigadier General United States ♦
* Volunteers, commanding. *
War Incidents.
O. H. J. Schlott of Los Angeles has been
selected by the Red Cross Society to act
as financial agent in the Philippines. Mr.
Schlott will establish a 100-bed Red Cross
Hospital as soon as he arrives on the
other side. He will leave on the Rio
de Janeiro.
Sergeant Harry J. Mowrey of the First
South Dakota has been promoted to the
grade of second lieutenant.
the only way to determine the, question
was by mandamus proceedings.
The Only Dandruff Cure
Is Smith's Dandruff Pomade. Never fails.
Guaranteed to give entire satisfaction.
For eale by all leading druggists. Sample
sent free by Smith Bros., Fresno, Cal. •
Figures at Variance.
The case of Tom You Tuk, a Chinese)
girl who arrived on the steamer Belgio
and was held for examination, waa heard
yesterday. One of the witnesses exam
ined swore that he was her father ana
another that he was her uncle, and both
swore that she was born in this country,
but that her mother had since gone t»
China. It was afterward proved, how
ever, by witnesses and reference to the
records that the girl's mother had been
in China about sixteen years, while th«
girl was only fifteen years of age, and she*
will accordingly be sent back to China.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MBS. PINKHAM'S ADVICE,
What Mrs. Nell Hurst has to Say
About It
AUvllU X Urn
Dbab Mrs. Ptnkhxm: — I wrote
to you I had not been well for five years;
had doctored all the time but got no
better. 1 had womb trouble very bad.
My womb pressed backward, causing
piles. I was in such misery I could
scarcely walk across the, floor. Men*
struation was irregular and too pro-
■ j^flEs!^^»c fuse, was also
j^|*fS SsS|k troubled with
leucorrhoea. I
i^^OT^r^i had given up all
w^]^^r^**i£S^l hopes of getting
llwCbJ "^ ffiinf well » everybody
T^p^ # "tSm thought I had
IkSL ""^St consumption.
After taking
) \\TiWr j LydiaE. Pink-
\ ■ Vv.lll Wl//' '■ " am ' Vegeta-
• W\l *jf ble Compound,
I felt very much better
and was able to do nearly all my own
work. I continued the use of your medi-
cine, and feel that I owe my recovery to
you. I cannot thank you enough for your
advice and your wonderful medicine.;
Any one doubting my statement may
write to me and I will gladly answer
all inquiries.— Mrs. Nell Hubst, Deep-
water, Mo.
. Letters like the foregoing, con-
stantly being received, contribute not
a little to. the satisfaction felt by Mrs.
Plnkham that her medicine and counsel
are assisting women to bear their heavy
burdens. i-}
; Mrs. Pinkham's address is Lynn, Mass.
All suffering women are invited to
write to her for advice, which will be
.given . without charge. It ■is an ex-
perienced woman's advice to women.
78
WAR SIGNS GROW
MORE OMINOUS IN
THE FAR EAST
England and Russia Preparing for
the Struggle That Will Involve
All Europe.
VICTORIA. July IP.— On board the
Empress of India, which arrived from
the Orient to-day were several British
officers, bound home on furlough. From
them and from sevr-ral merchants who
■were fellow passengers it was learned
that the prevailing topic of conversa
tion In the far Bast at present is the
prospect of war with Rus:i:i.
Preparations, which are very slgmn
cant, are being made on all sides. At
Hongkong the navy depot presents a
busy scene, as large stocks of coal and
munitions of war are arriving con
tinually to be stored there. The as
e^mbling of all the small gunboats at
Hongkong points to a state of prepara
tions, as in the event of war these ves
fpls would be laid up, and their crews
drafted to the lighting ships.
"Russia's aggressions have just
about gone to the limit," said one of
the naval men, whose name at his re
quest is withheld. "The Russians are
now making strenuous efforts to pre
vent concessions or contracts being
given the British in North China, and
on June 20 last, the Russian Minister
ut Peking publicly objected to China
borrowing money from England for the
construction of the New Chang Rail
way At the request of the Russians
and French, the treaty was signed on
July 1 for the i^eklng-Mankau Railway,
the construction of which is under
taken by Belgians. Great Britain will
not be silent on this move."
That EngUu-d is preparing to resist
the Russian aggressions is shown by
the fart that the work of improving the
Chinese army and navy under British
.'flicers, as in Egypt, has begun. This
will give Britain a lighting force in the
East that will obviate the necessity of
employing the full force of the British
army.
The situation apparently Is serious,
for every week the Russian sphere of
influence as well as that of France and
other countries inimical to the British,
has increased. I,i Hung Chang, now re
turned to power, no longer favors Great
Britain. He is a friend of Russia. It
was he who brought about the dismis
sal of Minister Weng at the instance of
Russia because that official dilated on
the danger of Russian advances. His
friendliness to the countries inimical to
Groat Britain is shown also by his vio
lent altercation with Sir Claude Mac-
Donald, the British Eniba-ssador at Pe
king, over the new concessions near
Hongkong.
The Japanese papers are still discuss
ing the desirability of forming an An
glo-Japanese alliance in view of the
fears entertained of Russian aggres
sion in China. The tone of the Chinese
and Japanese papers is indicative of
growing belief in the possibility of an
ultimate outbreak of hostilities be
tween Great Britain and Russia.
AN ENTIRE COLONY
DIES OF STARVATION
VICTORIA, July 19.— The Empress of
India reports that gTeat damage was
done by floods in Central Japan June
25. Several towns and villages were
flooded. No loss of life is reported.
On June 23 a Chinese junk with its
cargo of liquor was burned at Taku.
Twenty -eight persons were burned and
drowned.
The Hillyer & Co.'s tea gardens at
Kobe were damaged by fire recently to
the extent of $50,000.
A horrible tale comes from Chinlpori
Island, off the coast of Hokkaido. A
Chinese contractor engaged a number
of men to work a silver mine on the is
land. He kept up no communication
with them and when a steamer calk-d
there for a load of ore it was found that
the whole colony had died of starvation.
It Is reported from Shanghai that
Belgians have made an offer to take a
large number of coolies to work under
contract in the Congo, supplying in ex
change an equal number ut negroes to
he trained Into an armed force.
The black flag rebellion in the Quong
provinces of China is increased. The
standard of revolt has been raised at
four points and danger is feared at the
various missionary stations.
The United States Consul at Canton
formulated a heavy claim for indemnity
damages for the wanton destruction of
the American mission school at Hoi
pine. He demands that the school be
rebuilt and that $10 000 in Mexican
money be paid. The German Minister
at Beoul requested the Korean Minister
of Foreign Affairs to wait upon him at
the legation. Upon the latter's arrival
the German Minister administered to
him a severe thrashing on account of
his refusal to grant certain mining
privileges to German subjects in the
district of Kiojgu. The Korean Gov
ernment Is greatly incensed.
Chinese pirates attempted to gain
possession of the Indo-China steamer
Yupng-Wo when it was leaving Hau-
Kow. A number of Chinese came
aboard with heavy bags. Passengers
who were suspicious insisted upon a
search being made with the result that
arms were found concealed.
PERSONNEL OF THE
JAPANESE CABINET
VICTORIA, July 19.— N»ws comes by
th* Empress of India that following the
resignation of Marquis Ito, Prime Minis
ter of Japan, and his Cabinet, a new Cab- \
ln«t lias been formed by Counts Okuma ■
and Hagaki. and the leading members of '
the constitutional party. The personnel I
of the new Cabinet is as follows:
Count Okuma Shigenobu. Minister Pres- i
!<!mt and Minister for Foreign Affairs.
Count Itagakl Tafsuke, Minister for
Home Affairs.
Mntsuda. Masah'sa, Minister of Fi- j
nance.
Ohlpashi Gitotpu, Minister of Justice.
Hayashi Yuzo, Minister of Comrnunlca- ,
tions.
Olshi Masnmi, Minister of Agriculture !
and Cornm* ne.
Olaki Yukio. Minister of Education.
Katsura Taro. Minister of War.
Count Saigo Judo, Minister for the '
Navy.
The resignation of Marquis Ito came
upon the Japanese us a thunderbolt from !
a clear sky. The recent formation of the
powerful Constitutional party, from the
United ranks of the Liberals and Progres- ;
slonlPts. doubtless Led observers of Japa- j
nese politics to come to the conclusion i
thai at the forthcoming general elections
the Government would be badly worsted, j
but Tt would scarcely have been expected
that Marquis Ito would "throw up tha
sponge" before the struggle commenced. )
It was given out that the Premier was |
forming a Government party in opposition
to the new Constitutional alliance. From i
what has since occurred it set-ms that the |
Marquis has found this to be a hopeless
task.
AGUIMALDC KILLS A
SPANIARD IN DUEL
VICTORIA, July 19.— The steamer Em-
prpss of India which arrived from Hong
kong to-day had among her passengers
Captain D. Hodgson, who commanded
the revenue cutter McCulloch during the
; tattle of Manila. Captain Hodgson Is on
I his way to San Francisco.
According to the iiongkong papers Ad
miral Dlederiehs, commander of the Ger
man Beet at Manila, is credited with the
statement that he will prevent Admiral
I >ewey from bombarding Munlla or any
'■ port.
It is reported also that a Spanish regi
ment met a force led by Agulnaldo, and
the Spanish captain challenged Agui
naldo to mortal combat before the battle
; began. The offer was accepted and the
■. duel resulted In the fatal wounding of
the Spanish officer.
The Spanish Governor at Tulu Straits
settlement fears an American Invasion.
He stops on a snmll grunboat and is ready
: for a hurried flight. The colony is mak
ing preparations to resist attack by or
ganizing volunteer forces. The Govern
i or's difficulties are increased by a threat
i ened rebellion.
SEVERE WIND
AND RAIN STORMS
Many Buildings Damaged in the !
East and Loss of Life
Reported.
MILWAUKEE, July 39.— A severe wind
storm, followed by a heavy rain, pro- j
vailed in Wisconsin this afternoon, ex- j
tending as far north as Marinette and j
west as far as Black River Falls. Many ;
buildings were damaged, trees were up
rooted and crops in many sections lev
eled. The wind reached a velocity of !
forty miles an hour. At Marshfield much
property was destroyed. Church spires i
and factory roofs were demolished.
Frank Korneck was killed at Hewitt.
four miles from Marshfield, while work- j
ing In a burn which was blown down.
At Beloit trees and wires in all parts of
the city were blown down, rendering the ;
streets impassable. Several business
blocks were unroofed, including the Mc-
Clinchy building and Goddard & Allen's
f acton.-.
Menomlnee, Mich., reports several
yachts missing, but they are thought to j
have reached the e-ast shore In safety.
Benton Harbor, Mich., experienced a j
heavy hail and rain storm. Serious dam- '
age was done to fruit.
I>ES MOINES. lowa, July 19.— A wind
and rain storm passed over this city at a j
velocity of thirty miles an hour. Tele- I
graph wires all over the State are down. ;
It is feared that considerable damage has
been done to grain. The storm broke a
prolonged drought.
CLAUINDA, lowa. July 19.— The Chau
tauiiua tent, seating 3000 persons, was
blown down this afternoon during a j
heavy wind and rain storm. Everybody j
was rescued uninjured.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Patents for Inventions and Pensions
for Union Veterans — Califor
nians in Washington.
WASHINGTON. July 19.— Pacific Coast
patents were Issued to-day as follows:
California— John Baker, Pasadena, bi
cycle hub and bearings; John Carden.
Carpenteria, currycomb; Frank A. Dixon,
San Jose, automatic cooking apparatus
for canneries; Franklin L. Johnson, Val
ley Spring, washing machine; Rudolph
PoltrowskT, San Francisco, beer barrel.
Oregon— Daniel W. Guiles, Portland, bi
cycle gear; Edward Turner, Portland, as- ]
signor of one-half to Smith & Watson, j
iron works, friction clutch.
■Washington— Hugh Brec-kenridge, Lyn- j
den. polishing machines for broom han- !
dies; William E. Leonard and C. O. Hes- j
cox, Tacoma, assignor to the Washing
ton Dishwasher Company, dish cleaner.
Callfornians in Washington— Mrs. J. T.
Larkln and Miss A. Wickland, San Fran- :
Cisco, are at the Raleigh; W. M. Crane,
San Diego, is at the National.
Pacific Coast pensions have been
granted as follows:
California: Original— Frederick Kotze,
Riverside, $6; Charless Stammann, San
Francisco, $6; Daniel Teadlt?y, Veterans'
Home, Napa, $8. Reissue— Alfred Clark,
Oakland. $12. Original widow, etc.—Pris
cllla A. Shepston. San Francisco. $8.
Oregon: Original— Samuel D. East,
Greenville, $6; Erastus P, Hawks, Alt
house. $8.
Washington: Original— Daniel Oliver,
Spokane, $6. Increase — Daniel Qufnn,
Port Angeles, $8 to $12.
M'CORD TABOOS THE
SALE OF LIQUORS
Will Not Permit the Traffic in the
Regiment of Volunteers He Is
to Command.
PHOENIX, Ariz., July 19.— Governor
McCord, who will command the infantry
volunteers from the four Territories, to
day was shown the regimental standard
which is to be presented at Whipple bar
rucks on August C.
Grand Chief Templar WaJbrldge and
Grand Treasurer Shewman were present,
and incidentally stated that the Good
Templars thought of asking him to pro
hibit the Bale of intoxicants in the regi
ment.
"I received a letter to-day from the
New York Voice," replied Governor Mc-
Cord, "asking my position on the subject.
I have replied that neither wine, beer nor
whisky will be sold in the regiment with
my consent."
The presentation of the colors to the
regiment will be made the occasion of
an excursion from Phoenix and other
points.
CYCLONE DOES GREAT
DAMAGE IN WISCONSIN
Trees Uprooted, Buildings Wrecked
and Wires Prostrated in
All Directions*
MILWAUKEE, Wis.. July 13.— A cy
clone started at Watertown, Wis., about
1:30 o'clock this afternoon. Trees are
reported as being uprooted and barns
blown down. The windstorm was followed
by the heaviest fall of rain in years.
At Sun Prairie tne storm is reported to
have wrought considerable damage.
Wires were prostrated in many directions
In the northwest, the storm extending as
far north as Green Bay, and It Is feared
the damage will be great. Previous to
the storm the weather was very hot, the
thermometer registering near the 100
mark.
ZOLA'S TRIAL LEADS
TO A BLOODLESS DUEL
Two Other Meetings Between Well-
Known Parisian Journalists
Are Impending.
PARIS, July 19.— A duel, arising from
the Zola trial, was fought at St. Cloud
between M. Paul de Roulode, the essay
ist and poet, and M. Gustave Hubbard,
member of the Chamber of Deputies for
Pontoiee. The latter seizod his adver
sary's sword with his left hand, where
upon the seconds stopped the duel, de
claring that M. Ilubbard had disqualified
himself.
Two duels between well-known Journal
ists, growing out of the trials, are im
pending.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths, North Beacb.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 1898.
ACCUSED OF
AGNEWSMUST
STAND TRIAL
Trustees of the Asylum
Decide to Hold an In
vestigation.
Medical Director Sponogle Declares
He Is the Victim of an Attempt
at Blackmail.
SAN JOSE, July 19.— Trustees Hale
| and Curnow and Dr. Sponogle of Ag
news Asylum and Attorney Nicholas
Bowden held a lengthy conference in
the latter's office this evening. Secre
tary Montgomery was present and
submitted the charges filed by Wil
liams against Tourtillott and Mrs.
Madigan. The question of holding an
investigation was discussed. It was de
cided that it would be at least a week
before it could be held. The date
would be one convenient to all the
trustees. The witnesses mentioned in
Williams' charges would be subpenaed.
It was the opinion that a general inves
tigation might result, the trustees all
claiming to be anxious for a Bweeping
Sponogle's case was talked over and
the medical superintendent spoke freely
of his troubles. He denounced Detec
tive Frost's action as a blackmailer.
He denied the charges that he poisoned
his wife for her life insurance and
ruined a girl in Fresno. He said that
back of Frost and the prime cause of
the attempt to besmirch his character
and blackmail him was S. N. Weltman,
brother of his former wife. Weitman,
who is now a student at the California
Medical College at Oakland, had
charged him with having poisoned Mrs.
Sponogle, but two physicians who at
tended his wife would prove the accu
sation untrue. Now Weitman and
Frost had leagued themselves together
to ruin him.
Of the charge that he caused the ruin
of a Fresno young woman he claimed
he had already been cleared.
Dr. Sponogle admitted he had a
brother with a bad reputation. He ex
pressed a desire for a speedy investiga
tion, as he felt confident of clearing
himself of the charges. He has en
gaged Attorney Bowden to defend him
at the investigation. While the mem
bers would not talk of the matter they
hinted that Frost was weakening and
"falling down," and that he would
never appear to press the charges
against Sponogle.
CZAR GOULD CARES
NAUGHT FOR LAW
I Gives Positions to His Proteges, De
spite the Results of Competi
tive Examinations.
SAN JOSE, July 19.— According to
Frank H. Gould, the czar of Agnews.
all men and women are liars who utter
words of criticism of him or his pets
at the asylum. It will be Interesting
to have him explain some peculiar
things that appear in the records of the
institution that he has endeavored
faithfully and persistently to turn into
a personal political machine. Now,
while men and women may be addicted
to departing from the truth, it gener
ally is conceded that official public
records, like figures, do not indulge in
prevarication.
It has been Intimated that Director
Gould has been using every influence
that he can command to secure the po
; sltion of matron at the asylum for Miss
Louise Bambauer, one of his pets who
j was imported from Merced. As a pre
liminary to this vacancy had to be cre
ated, and this was accomplished by
driving the former incumbent. Miss
Ella Royce, to such a point of distrac
tion and indignation that she found it
desirable to purchase peace of mind
and the retention of self respect by re
signing. Not the least factor in the
I system of petty persecutions to which
Mins Koyce was subjected was Miss
B-:nbauer, who carried things with as
high a hand among the employes of the
institution as did Mr. Gould among the
directors and more important officials
of the asylum. Miss Bambauer made
little concealment of the fact that she
herself exempt from the rules and reg
ulations, and for the reason, as she
boasted, that she had Mr. Gould be
hind her.
Miss Bambauer also has T^rlded < her
self that she was to have the position
of matron, and it v ould appear from
recent developments that her ambi
tion is likely to be gratified, despite
laws, rules, regulations and instruc
tions from a higher authority than the
board of managers of the institution.
These have all been set aside up to
the present time, and Gould, czarllke,
haa constituted himself laws, rules,
regulations and instructions unto him
self. If his programme is carried out
Miss Bambauer will be the matron,
though the legal obstacles to her hold
ing this position would be Insurmount
able to the Individual not endowed with
the gigantic pall of Gould.
On the minutes of the institution un
der date of October 13. 1897. appears the
following communication from the
State Board of Lunacy.
At a meeting of the State Commission
in Lunacy, held in San Francisco on Fri-
I day, September 24, the following resolu
| tio'n was adopted:
Resolved, That when there are any va
cancies to be filled among the officers or
employes of any State hospital, other
than those of medical superintendent and
assistant physicians and internes, the
medical superintendent of the hospital
where such vacancies have occurred or
are about to occur shall send to the State
Commission in Lunacy a copy of such
questions as '.n his opinion should be
asked candidates for the position or posi
tions in question, Informing the commis
sion at the same time on what day he de
sires to hold the examination of said can
didates.
The commission shall carefully revise
such list of questions and shall select one
of its members to represent it at such
examination, which representative shall
take with him the questions to be asked
candidate?, as revised by the commission.
The examination shall be made by the
medical superintendent and the repre- '
sentative of the board of managers In
the presence of the representative of the
commission, and no person shall in future
be appointed to any position In any Stuta
hospital except in accord with this reso
lution, which is Intended to enforce para
graph EL subdivision b of section 6, article
II of the new State Lunacy Law, ap
proved March 31. 1807.
It is further suggested by the commis
sion that these examinations shall take
place as far as possible at regular Inter
vals from time to time, and that all ap
plications for positions shall be placed on
the eligible list in the order of their
merit. This will enable superintendents
to fill vacancies immediately when they
occur, without the necessity of having \
additional and special examinations. If
possible the commission would like to
have these examinations not more fre
quently than once in each quarter. Yours
truly, JOHN P. CARRIERE,
Secretary State Commission in Lunacy.
The part of the lunacy law referred
to in the foregoing provides for a civil
sen-ice examination of applicants for
appointments in State hospitals.
It will be seen by the Instructions
Issued by the State Board of Lunacy
that appointments must be made from
the list of those who passed the civil
service examination in the order of
merit.
On June 7 last the examinations were
held fur matron to fill the vacancy cre
ated by the resignation of Miss Royce.
The following is the list of applicants
with the percentages they obtained:
L. M. Holmes 94
L. J. Watkins 90
Olivia B. Williams 90
Louise Bambauer SS^fc
Aduline Fitzgerald 88
Alice B. Adorns 86
Alicia P. Fogarty 77
Miss Louise Bambauer, though
fourth In the order of merit. Is now
acting matron, having been placed in
that position by Medical Superintend
ent Sponogle on the order of Mr. Gould,
and the programme is to appoint her to
the position of matron at the August
meeting of the board. Gould wants
her there, and that is enough for Di
rectors Hale and Curnow, who, with
Gould, constitute a majority of the
board.
When the record of the civil service
examination was called to the atten
tion of Chairman Curnow, and he was
asked why Miss Bambauer was se
lected for preferment, he made this ex
planation:
"Miss Holmes was not given the po
sition of matron because she has poor
sight. She knows a great deal about
the work of the position, it is true, as
she had some years experience at the
Stockton asylum, but her optical afflic
tion stands in her way.
"Mrs. Watklns was considered too
old for the position.
"Mrs. Ollva B. Williams was not con
sidered eligible. She had made serious
charges against Mr. Tourtillott that
she had not proved, and she practically
had been discharged."
It should be stated that all applicants
for positions in the asylum before being
permitted to take the civil service ex
amination must undergo a physical ex
amination, and no exception was made
in this instance. The physical examin
ations were made by Dr. J. F. Christal
and Dr. Leonard Stocking, both assist
ant physicians at the hospital.
It remains to be seen if • the State
Board of Lunacy will permit this wan
ton overriding of the law and its spe
cific Instructions.
YELLOW FEVER
OF MILD TYPE
All the Surgeon General
Will Say.
HIS SILENCE SIGNIFICANT
SITUATION LESS HOPEFUL AT
SANTIAGO.
Process of Separating the Men Goes
Constantly On — Bed Cross
Nurses for Government
Hospitals.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 19.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: All General
Sternberg would say to-day touching
the epidemic at Santiago was that he
had reason to believe the fever was of
a mild type, but the general has stated
to me that it is genuine yellow fever,
and to-day when I asked him if he
would say whether there had been an
increase in the number of deaths or
number of cases in the last twenty
four hours he replied that he could not
give anything for publication. This
statement taken in connection with
others to-day does not seem so hopeful
as the returns which have been given
out during the last few days, but as
many cases are probably now ap
proaching their worst stages, this may
account for the significant silence of
the surgeon general. He seems grati
fied, however, that the hospital relief
vessel Resolute had left New York this
afternon with Immune nurses and doc
tors, a full supply of medical stores
and hospital tents. Moreover, a second
expedition will leave Tampa just as
soon as there is a vessel to take them.
A report is in circulation that Gen
eral Steinberg has accepted the Red
Cross nurses in the Government hos
pitals at Santiago. He said, however,
that on the recommendation of Mrs.
Whitelaw Reid he had accepted twenty
Red Cross nurses, ten for the hospital
at Camp Thomas and ten for the hos
pital at Fortress Monroe. The process
of separating the men at Santiago goes
constantly on, and it is felt now that
notwithstanding reports which must
vary from day to day, the situation
under the experienced hand of General
Sternberg will be under control at an
early day.
Score of the Wheelmen.
BALTIMORE, July 19.— The following
• bulletin has been Isued by Chairman Mott
of the L.. A. W. racing: board: i
The following is the score in the national
championship: Gardiner 38. Cooper 38. Bald
26, Major Taylor 22. O. Stevens 22. Freeman 15.
McFftrland 11, Eaton 10. Tom Butler 9. Klm
ble 9. Mortens 8, Bowler 7, Fred Sims 5. Dr.
Brown 4, .Taap Eden 4. Brecker 4, Nat Butler
3. Karl Kaiser J, Bourotte 2. C. M. Bly 2, Hills
Jr. 2, Klser 2, Watson Coleman 1.
SAN DOMINGO
BURNED TO THE
WATER'S EDGE
Being Afraid of Losing the Eagle's
Prize, Lieutenant Southerland
Destroys the Steamer.
Special dispatch to The Call ana the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
KEY WEST, Fla., July 19.— From an
officer of the Nashville, which arrived
here to-day from the blockading squad
ron, off the coast of Cuba, I bave ob
tained the following additional details
regarding the destruction of the Span
ish steamer Santo Domingo, while she
was endeavoring to break the blockade
off the south side of the island on July
12. The auxiliary cruiser Eagle, Lieu
tenant W. EL 11. Sgutherland, com
manding, chased the Santo Domingo,
an armed merchant steamer, off Cape
Frances on the south coast of Cuba.
In attempting to go through the nar
row, crooked channel the Santo Do
mingo went hard aground.
A boat with an officer wr.3 sent to the
Santo Domingo, which was found to be
armed with two 6-inch Hontoria guns,
fifty Mauser rifles and revolvers. The
guns were loaded. No attempt at re
sistance was made, although the Santo
Domingo in speed and armament and
number of crew was much superior to
the Eagle, which is armed with slx
pounder guns only.
From the papers found on the Santo
Domingo it was discovered that aboard
her were several military personages
TO TAKE AWAY
THE PRISONERS
Scores of Transports in
Santiago Bay.
SPLENDID MARINE PAGEANT
A STRANGE TRANSFORMATION
SCENE,
Daily Incidents in and Around the
Quaint Old City Since the
American Flag Was
Hoisted.
Copyrighted, 1898, by the Associated Press.
SANTIAGO HARBOR, July 18 (via
Kingston, July 19). — Santiago is now a
city of silence. The American flag
waves over the military headquarters
and on Morro's flagstaff, and Red Cross
emblems are as plentiful as church
spires.
Almost the entire population this aft
ernoon Is gathered about the wharves,
where the Spanish shipping, now prizes
of the United States,- will soon be aug
mented by a large fleet of transports
flying the American colors.
Some stores, mostly Intended for the
Bale of liquor or drugs, are open, but
their patrons are few. Beggars are In
evidence of the same importunate sort
which make Havana unpleasant for
foreigners. Now and then a man or
woman of the better class begs the cor
respondents for "milk for my little one,
in the name of God."
i At the dock, where the Red Cross
steamer State of Texas is unloading
and preparing for a long stay, a guard
from the Ninth Infantry has been
mounted, but the soldiers have had lit
tle trouble except from the Inroads of
bad boys.
There is no evidence of gloom on the
faces of the Spanish men and women.
These mercurial people are already
laughing and are pleased at the mili
tary and naval show, and at the pros
pect of getting food other than rice and
salt meats.
Nearly all the better class of houses
are closed. The residents evidently
have not yet returned from El Caney
and other suburban places to which
they lied on threat of bombardment by
the land and sea forces of the United
States. Filth is noticeable everywhere,
and, strange to say, the city is healthy
in spite of it. But if Santiago is to
continue healthy much sanitary work
Is necessary. Arrangements, therefore,
are now under way to remove the most
dangerous features and to improve
those which tend to purify the city.
The harbor of Santiago de Cuba is a
very beautiful place, with its high
ramparts of mountains, groves of cocoa
palms, banana trees and flowering
shrubs pushing down to th ! very brink
of the bay. The channel is tortuous
and marked by bright blue and white
buoys, or more clearly denned in places
by long booms of logs marking the en
trance of shallow bays and inlets. Old
churches, forts and bastions share the
promontories with light wooden houses,
which are the summer residences of the
upper classes.
The harbor was the scene of a beau
tiful marine pageant this afternoon. A
Bcore or more of American transports,
the way being pointed out by the Su
wanee, glided majestically to the quiet
anchorage, something they had not en
joyed for week 3, being compelled In
stead to stand out to sea at night, to
be tossed about by the waves, or to use
the precarious holding grounds off Bai
quiri. They are fine boats, many of
them being among the largest speci
mens of the American merchant ma
rine.
Nearly all bedecked with flags, they
steamed in proudly, making a goodly
show extending over a mile of water.
A dispatch boat of the 'Associated
Press, on its way out to sea, saluted
each of the transports with blasts from
the siren of the Almirante Oquendo,
taken from that Bhin some days ago
and put in place by the enthusiastic
crew of the dispatch boat. The salutes
were returned not only from the trans
ports but by the cheers of the men on
board them, who had long looked for
ward to this feature of the campaign
How soon the Spanish troops Mill be
loaded on these transports for ship
ment to their homes man" of them
have not seen for three years or more
cannot be announced at present. But
it is understood the delay will be as
short as possible.
The big Government tug Potomac ar
rived here to-day from New Orleans
She is provided with modern appli
ances for wrecking and, with the other
vessels sent here for the same purpose,
will secure all it is possible to save
from the ships which formed Admiral
Cervera's squadron.
The long bridge at Aguadores. on the
Juragua Railroad, connecting Slboney
with Santiago, has been replaced in a
and passengers. The Eagle began pre
parations to float the Santo Domingo
when several steamers were sighted
coming from toward Batabano.
Lieutenant Southerland immediately
decided to burn and destroy the Santo
Domingo, lest by any chance she
should be recaptured and the enemy
should gain the valuable cargo, which
consisted of fifty head of cattle, large
quantities of provisions, clothing and
supplies, and corn and grain in bulk.
Most valuable, however, were her
two 12-inch guns intended doubtless to
strengthen the fortifications of Ha
vana. The steamer was accordingly
burned to the water's edge, nothing but
the hull remaining. The guns were
ruined. The steamers sighted coming
from Batabano, seeing the Santo Do
mingo afire, put back.
The Santo Domingo was of 2800 tons,
fourteen and a half knots speed, and
was one of the first steamers furnished
the Spanish Government by the Com
panies Transatlantique of Barcelona
for use In the present war.
The Eagle wil be remembered as the
little vessel that fought the Spanish gun
boat Galicla at Cienfuegos in May last
until the Galicla was driven back by
the Marblehead. The Eagle was the
yacht Almy of New York, formerly
owned by Frederick Gallatin, and was
one of the first yachts purchased and
converted Into an auxiliary man-of
war by the Government.
temporary fashion by American sol
diers. The work was completed to
day, and as soon as possible the mili
tary authorities will use the railroad to
transport from the seaboard the stores,
horseH, munitions, etc., which were un
loaded at Siboney before the surrender
of Santiago.
SOUTHEBN CALIFORNIA CROPS.
Warm Weather of the Past Week
Ripened Fruit Rapidly.
I.OS ANGELES, July 19.— Following is \
the climate and crop bulletin of the j
Weather Bureau for Southern California !
for the week ending July 18:
The week was warm and clear, exrept
In the coast sections at the close, where cloudy
nights occurred with fog or heavy dew. Light ;
rain fell the ealier part of the week in the
northt-rn portion of l*j*i Angeles County: else
where there was no precipitation, except from !
fog or dew on the coast, which was heavy and i
materially aided root crops. High winds oc
curred in localities which phunk some fruit j
from trees. The warm weather rljiened fruit ,
rapidly; It was very favorable for drying i
peachTC anil aiiriootK. The water supply is j
steadily diminishing, but as yet no serious re- i
suits have oi'curttd from lack of irrigating '
water. Pasture is Retting scarce. Except on !
moist lands hay baling continues. Threshing j
will begin soon in the Antelope Valley. Corn
and beans are doing well. Celery planting la in I
full operation In the peat lands of Orange !
County.
Stopped by a Bullet.
RIVERSIDE, July 19.— Word has bren
received here of a fight at the Soboda
Indian reservation, near San Jacinto.
Three Indians got drunk and an attempt
was made to arrest them by an Indian
policeman. One of the drunken Indians
drew a knife and the officer stopped him
■with a bullet from his revolver, which
took lodgment in the drunken man's
stomach and put him hors de combat.
The wounded redskin will die.
Daily Output of Smokeless Powder.
WASHINGTON, July 19.— The output of
smokeless powder for the Navy Depart
ment is steadily Increasing, and the
Ordnance Bureau is receiving more than
8000 pounds daily for the big guns.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■♦■o-*o-*o-»-o -»-o -»-o ♦o ♦ o
i It Pays to Trade in the Mission. *
! Rattan Rocker,
o o I
♦ Heavy roll top and sides, very ♦
? strong back, neat spindles; well °
o shellacked; can be easily washed; o :
o good for outdoor use; never * 1
♦ blackens. Cool as a refreshing ♦
♦ breeze on warm summer days. ° j
O i Q
+ Large line of rattan goods— %
° baby carriages, high chairs, ye- ?
o randa chairs, etc. Send for special o
o catalogue, wherever you live. *
! PATTOSIEN'S i
% Corner Sixteenth and Mission Streets. ♦
o o
II NOW V
I BOOKING...
Passengers
; and Freight
/ '.... 1 1 vlgl II-
- FOR ...
DAWSON CITY
And Yukon River Points,
Via ST. MICHAEL.
QUICK DISPATCH.
For, rates and dates of Bailing apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY,
Llebes Building, 189 Post Street.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
H "Of all tonic
; 'M j preparations,
i preparations,
v 'Yin Mariani' is
the most po=
tent fop good."
Yin Mariani (Mariani Wine)
tones up the stomach, gives
healthy, vigorous action to body
and : brain. Enriches the blood,
steadies the nerves and energizes
the whole system.
From the Virginia [Medical Journal :
"The Yin Mariani, used as a
general tonic, has gained for itself
universal esteem. it is more tonic
than iron or quinine, and does not
produce constipation. We have
used Yin Mariani in practice, and
have found it to equal the claims
made for it."
" rr in~-i"- ' "*™ "T TlOQli
J^#ip*^>v > i»»v i nsBu
\£Ssj§ many years and
llioL' '^^M Serylceal)le anll
*&^FSXI)M MACKENZIE, M.D.
YIN MARIANI
(MARIANI IA/INE)
is everywhere recommended by the
\ medical profession as the standard,
uniformly reliable tonic-stimulant.
Dose— small wine glass full three times a day
All Druggists. Avoid Substitutions.
To those who will kindly write to MARIANI
& CO., 52 West Fifteenth street. New York
City, will be sent, free, book containing por-
| traits with endorsements of Emperors, Em-
I press. Princes, Cardinals, Archbishops and
other interesting matter.
Paris — Boulevard Haussmann: London— B3
Mortimer street; Montreal— 2S-30 Hospital
] street.
AND TUMORS. Sure Cure!
! No Knife or Pain! No Pay Until Cured!
| 75-page book sent free. S. R. (ham ley. M. IX
17 THIRD ST.. Near Market St.
'. SEND TO SOMEOKE WITH CAHCEH
drmsnulty;
a"»UI«J •WEr.L-KNOWX AND RELIABLE Ot.t»
JL Specialist currs l'rlvar<>.Nervotis,!t!oo<!uud Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restore*!. Over
"0 years' experience. Send for Book, free. . i*atlenr»
, cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9to 3
dally t"S.3or>T'2s. Sundays. 10 to 12. Consults
j lion free and sacredly confldentia*. Call oraddresa
IP. ROHCOE SIcXULTT. M- 1».,
j 2G 1 * KEAENY STREET, BAH FRANCISCO, ' CAL
AMUSEMENTS.
liXO T SGRANDSSi
Walter Morosco. Sole Lessee and Manager.
Telephone, Main 632.
MONDAY, JULY IS. THIRD WEEK OF
'"OUR CALIFORNIA BOY."
JAMES M. BROPHY
j In Edwin Milton Royle's Patriotic Drama.
! "CAPTAIN IMPUDENCE."
Exciting Battle Scenes. Tropical Scenery.
Old Glory and Our Soldier Boys in
Mexico.
! Evening Prices 25c and 800
Family Circle and Gallery 10c
I MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
i M it. Ernestine X: fling. Proprietor and Maoa««r.
THIS EVENING.
Planquette's Charming Opera
"THE
BELLS OF CORNEVILLE"
GREAT CAST!
! NEW SCENERY. CORRECT COSTUMES!
Next Week— Last of the Comic Opera Revivals.
"THE. BEGGAR STUDENT."
Mllloecker*s melodious work.
I Popular prices 25 and 50 cent*.
NO telephone. i
i MATINEE TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY. JULY M.
j Parquet, any Seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Child-
ren. 10c any part. ..•.,..
VALMORE the "Instrumental Man
JOSEPH H\RT AND CARRIE DE MAR. lr
'•The Quiet Mr' Gay" I GILBERT & GOLDIE.
Native Comedians: LORENZ & ALLEN. Ec-
centric Dancers; BERT COOT AND JULIE
KINGSLEY. in "Supper for Two ; FLET.R-
FTTF Tenifichorean Marvel; MRS. ALICE J.
SHAW • ANIV DAUGHTERS; FALKE & SE-
MON, Comedians. , • _
* COLUMBIA THEATER.
THIS WEEK ONLY-MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY,
Presenting the great Empire Theater success
"LIBERTY HALL,"
A modern cornedy^y &£ .Carton.
! A TnA 7A O BEATB BY PHONE
ALUAZ/AK- Main 254.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
LEWIS MORRISON
Magnificent . Spectacular.
"FAUST!"
**«■ • -NEXT-WEEK S^- 23c ' ls *" 8
Lewis Morrison's Elaborate^Productlon.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE THE
WONDERFUL JAPS
AT. THE CHUTES
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
A Great Vaudeville Bill In the Free Theater.
CANNON, the BIG GUN, STILL BOOMS!
Attractions all over the Grounds.
,10c. including Zoo and Theater; Children, sc.
at VHDI A Corner of Mason and Eddy Streets.
Hurl A Croat New Bill of Stars. Gibson &
Allen. Comedians; Flossie Nash, Soubrette-
Ordway & Rand, Thrilling Bicyclists; Quazlna'
Royce Sisters, Rockwell and Others. Admi»l
sion Free. , Matinee Sunday. ■ ,
" SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Daily from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION 10; - - - • - CHILDREN So
Bathing, with admission, 25c; children. XOg^THE "CHAIN" CIRCULAR
Following is the circular "explaining" the "chain" Idea-
The actual horrors of war will soon begin. Our boys in blue go forth
to the battlefield to sustain the right and honor of our homes and country
Their sufferings and privations will necessarily be gTeat and are too well
known to need d< BcripUon. Is it not our bounden duty to help alleviate these
to as great an extent as lies within one's power?
The American Soldiers* Relief Society has devised a plan for aiding the
above cause in a way which will prove financially material, if the following
requests are carefully executed:
First— lnclose 10 cents in silver or stamps addressed to the American
Soldiers' Relief Society, 105 O'FarreU street, San Francisco.
Second— Make and send an exa.-t copy of this letter to three of your
friends, who will do the same, thereuy forming a continuous chain. All
copies word for word from X to X inclusive.
Third— Number all three of your letters alike, progressing one number
above the number of the letter received by you. Number 20 completes the
chain and persons receiving that number will write no further. A failure
to send these copies as requested will break the chain. As a personal favor
I trust you will give this a kind and immediate attention.
PATRIOTISM
AS A BLIND
FOR FRAUD
Relief Society Said to
Be Dishonest.
USES THE RED CROSS' NAME
CLAIMS TO GIVE MONEY TO
THAT ORGANIZATION.
The Ladies Deny That They Have
Received Funds and Warn
Against the Chain
Letter.
The American Soldiers' Relief Society
has instituted a "chain" of letters which
should it remain unbroken would bankrupt
the world long 1 before it could bo carried
to the point its instigators have set for
a finish. The money to be derived
in this manner the officers of the society
claim .they are to turn, over to the Red
Cross, and the president and secretary
stated yesterday that they had already
donated a small amount to the cause.
Prominent officers of the Red Cross deny
that any money has been received from
the Relief Society, and they further state
it is their belief that the organization is
a fraud.
The "chain" letter from the Relief So
which is given in another place,
has been sent all over the city and State,
yet it is claimed by Dr. W. G. Sylvester
ami W. H. Hollis, the president and secre
tary of the society, that but sixty-five
letters Inclosing the 10 cents have been re
i up to date. "We instituted the
'chain' about a month ago," said Dr.
ster, "and expected to secure con
siderable money for the soldier fund, but
have scarcely received any. Our society
was organized early in June and was mi
i for some of us who could not give
ich as was required of members of
Red prosa. The membership at pres
- about fifty- Each member pledges
if u< i'a.>' a Certain amount monthly,
ip t.. the present time we have
turned over about fSB of these subscrip
tl from our chain to
the R 3 • ■• . We have about $3
more from the letters on hand and some
riptions. This will be
given to the ladies later. The highest
letter yet received is one No. 9. which
should have netted us $2000 or $300", but
tlie chain has probably be.
lumber of chain letters have been
received in this city from other parties
s the Relief Society and the t i
of them caused an investigation to
An [ntervU w with Mr.-. J. F.
II Irought to light the fact that the
ef Society was not known
ladles. Mii. Merrill
"As far as i know there hav<
nations to the city fund from any
such organization. Several people have
•■•■ me In regard to the 'chain'
letters, and 1 have told them I know
nothing about the organization. I had
not heard before that the society claimed
turning its funds Into our treasury
ami shall surely make an investigation
of the matter. I have received no less
than four 'chain' letters— three from
New Ycik and one from Wisconsin. One
comes from Babylon, Long Isl
and, New York, and the money is to be
Bent to a Miss Nathalie Schonk. The
to come from the Ice
Auxiliary of the Red Cross and the
are to Bupply the 'ambulance ship.'
Another is to procure money for the hos
pital ship. All 1 have received waj
turned to the writer with a not<\ saying
the hospital ship and supplies would be
furnished l<y the Government when need-
Ali who have asked me in regard to
these I'tters, which may be in good faith,
1 have told that the Red Cross Society
■ !iil not recognize them."
Mrs. W. B. Ilerrington, the State presi
also denied all knowledge of the
American Boldii rs' Relief Society. She
paid: "I have never beard Of any money
being given to our society by this organ
m, and while I have not the books
with me 1 feel justified in saying that
ha>l we re eived any such money I would
known of it. If the society is a
fraud I sincerely hope it will be dealt
with harshly."
The State treasurer, Mrs. Edwin Di
mond. stated: "The State organization of
Red Cross Society has received no
money from any society in the city and
from very few persons. V.'c always refer
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENTIfREE TO MEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured co many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
Buffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute h.-iH decided t<> distribute free trial
packages to all who vrite. It Is a home
treatnu-nt and all men who suffer with
any fnrm of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
• themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
. to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Mertkal Institute, 193 First National Bank
Building, Fort Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
Is desirous of reaching that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy It is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
-. etltute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that ita recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay. ,
?n?pt°i I rt b^ in ? ln . us money to the head
quarters of the city society. I am posi-
Refief !o n clety r ." had "* mon - esr ° m the
**¥' H errington, assistant secretary of
the city Red Cross Society, stated that
r™« ? yy * £ d been yen into the Red
«m "V nd by the Relief Society. He
?c oil v £< am surprised to learn that there
JfnJ artj : thln « ?i the kind going on. Any
?h» ™«°i would work on the patriotism of
™P e .°P le ln that manner deserves severe
shnw ent - The books of the society will
VI?? * that no such organization has
inn PP t ci,e i, ? l soclet >'- a nd lam of the opin
ion that there must be fraud somewhere."
The headquarters of the American Sol
diers Relief Society are at 105 O'Farrell
street, in the store of the W. H. Hollis
Stamp Company. The officers are G. W.
Sylvester, president; C. M. Dais, vice
presldent; J. E. Sand, treasurer, and W.
«. ?011l? 011 ls V secretary. Had the "chain"
ee . n broken the ratio of increase
would have been bo great that when the
thirteenth set of letters had been sent out I
more people would have been reached |
than are in the State of California, and 1
when the nineteenth set had been sent the
population of the world would have been I
exceeded. The twentieth set alone would
call for 31,243,784,401 people.
The letter referred to by Mrs. Merrill is
as follows:
LETTER. NO. 12.
♦v £ Ice Plant Auxiliary in connection with
the Red Cross Society being in great need of
money, a chain has been founded to supply the
ambulance ship. Please make four copies of
this and send it to four of your friends, thus
helping the wounded soldiers. After making
four copies please return this letter with 10
cents to Miss Nathalie Schenk, Babylon, Long
Island, X. Y. Number the head of each copy
the next higher to this one and sign your
name and address to each. The person receiv
ing Kk) will send It with 10 cents to Miss
Schenk without making copies. Please do
not delay, and above all do not break the
chain which means so much to our brava men
on land and sea.
A little figuring on the amount to becol
lected from this "chain" shows that every
person in the world would receive an
enormous number of letters, and the
wealth of the universe would be ex
hausted a number of times before the
chain had been fairly started. The twen
ty-fifth set of the lady's chain would
bring her letter into the hands of 1,336,
915.131,207,852 people. A New York paper
has made Sfiss Schenk acquainted with
the enormity of her scheme and it is said
she wants some one to help her let go of
the undertaking.
WILL HASTEN WORK
ON THE BIG CANAL
Congressman de Vries Predict 3 One
Important Result of the War
"Vv'th Spain.
SACRAMENTO, July IS.— Marlon de
Vries, Congressman from the Second Dis
trict, has returned from Washington. He
was Interviewed by a Bee reporter, and,
in answer to a question as to what
seemed to be the sentiment in Congress
regarding the Philippine Islands, he said:
"The prevailing sentiment is not to en
ter upon a decisive policy until the close
of thr war, unless ft is made necessary by
an earlier development. The reason for
this is that the attitude assumed by the
I'nitod States toward the Philippines will
be determined by our final treaty with
Spain. The position of every man in Con
gress on this question will undoubtedly
be influenced to a very great extent by
the strong feeling in the country reflect
ed by the press and through Congressmen
who reflect more or less of the views of
their constituents. There is a sentiment
among the American people that where
the American flag is once raised it should
never come down."
When ask^d if th*» war would hasten
the building of the Nicaragua canal Con
gressman de Vries replied:
"It undoubtedly will. I look for the
preliminary work on this matter during
the short session. The construction of
the canal will be entered upon during the
fifty-sixth session undoubtedly."
"What will be the effect of the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty?" was asked.
"Oh. the general impression is that that
offers no obstacle — none that is insur
mountable, at least. The truth is that I
have not heard that discussed much in
ectlon with the canal. England
!. I feel certain, be very glad to see
.;!<! the canal, and we would never
want to close it to her unless at war with
which I trust will never be. Eng
land's attitude toward us during our war
with Spain has been such that we cannot
help but feel friendly toward her."
OBTAINED COUNTY COIN
ON ILLEGAL CLAIMS
School Superintendent Chipman in
Trouble With Santa Clara
Supervisors.
SAN* JOSE, July 18.— The members of
the County Board of Education were be
fore the Board of Supervisors this after
noon upon citations issued to give testi
mony in regard to alleged irregularities
discovered in the bills of County Superin
tendent of Schools L. J. Chipman. The
bills in question are one of May 26, for
$o4 70 on expense account in visiting
county schools, and another presented on
June 30 for $120 for services as secretary
of the County Board of Education.
The Finance Committee of the Super
visors, in going over the claims, discov
ered that Superintendent Chipman had
charged for services as secretary on the
name day that he had presented charges
for livery hire in visiting the country
schools. By this means, it was alleged,
some $45 had been overcharged.
Superintendent Chipman, H. M. Bland
and Cornelia M. Farley, members of the
Board of Education, were examined.
Superintendent Chipman said that now
that his attention had been called to the
fact he fp— that he had erroneously
charged the board for services, but that It
was his ignorance of the law that misled
mm. He could not tell whether he had
been present at all the meetings of the
board, as in many cases the members
checked over the pupils' examination pa
pers at their homes. Miss Farley and
Mr. Bland could not remember just what
meetings Chipman had been present at
and confirmed what he had said about
papers being examined at home.
Mr. Chipman offered to correct his bills
to conform to the law as he now under
stood it. but the Supervisors deferred ac
tion and appointed an expert to examine
all the books of the superintendent.
Superintendent Chipman's salary was
attached to-day by David Walsh to en
force the payment on a note for $482
Chipiftan made some years ago.
VOTERS SLOW TO REGISTER.
Backward in Paving the Way to the
Sacramento Ballot Box.
SACRAMENTO, July 18.— The political
pot is simmering quietly at the capital,
but is apt to reach a boiling point very
soon. The Republican County Commit
tee held a meeting yesterday and decided
to take active steps toward securing reg
istration. For some unaccountable and
inexplicable reason the voters are back
ward In registering, and the necessity of
urging them to that important duty is
apparent. The committee decided to ask
the County Clerk for a greater number
of registration clerks and the request will
no doubt be granted.
During the last month a dozen or more
Republican clubs have been organized
throughout the city, and all of them are
in a healthy condition. The prospects foi
a sweeping Republican victory in Sacra
mento County were never brighter.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 1898.
NATIONAL GUARD
OF CALIFORNIA
MAJOR GENERAL DICKINSON
WILL REPORT THIS WEEK.
The State Will Probably Make a
Demand on the War Depart
ment for Money i)ue It.
Major General Dickinson -will return to
this city on Wednesday, and he will then
present to the board of location the re
sult of his observations in the limits of
the First Brigade. Upon that report will
be arranged the plan of reorganizing the
several companies in that territory.
He will also present a partial report of
the condition of affairs in that portion of
the Third Brigade which he could visit on
his way from the south. The limits of
the Third Brigade embrace the greatest
number of counties, namely: Alpine, Ara
ador. Butte, Colusa, Calaveras, El Dora
do, Fresno, Glenn, Inyo, Kern, Kings,
Lassen, Mariposa, Merced, Madera, Mo
doc, Mono, Nevada, Placer, Plumas, San
Joaquin, Stanislaus, Sutter, Shasta, Siski
you. Sierra, Sacramento, Solano, Tuo
lumne, Tulare, Tehama, Trinity, Yolo and
Yuba. In this territory there were the
Second and Sixth regiments of infantry,
each having eight companies. The com
panies of the Second were located as fol
lows: A at Chlco; B, Colusa; C, Nevada
City; D, Marysville; E, Sacramento; F,
Woodland; G, Sacramento; H, Redding;
and I, Grass Valley. Sixth Regiment: A,
Stockton; B, Stockton; C, Fresno; D, Mo
desto; E, Visalia; G, Bakersfield; and H,
Merced.
The Government of the United States
is Indebted to the State of California
something in excess of $100,000, for what
the State furnished the National Guards
men when they were mustered into the
volunteer service. It is probable that be
fore the reorganization is effected the
State will make a demand for this sum in
order to have funds with which to equip
the new organization.
What provision will be made to en
able National Guardsmen of California
to return to the several commands to
which they formerly belonged has created
some talk among men who still take an
interest in such matters. The prevailing
opinion Is that those who have gone to
the front, and particularly those of the
Sixth and Seventh Infantry who have
not yet been sent to the front, will, by the
time they have been mustered out, have
had all the soldiering they want, and that
they will be glad to resign their places to
ambitious men, willing to wear the uni
form of the State. The only serious fea
ture that there is in the matter of organ
izing a new guard is that of officers.
There is a desire to give those who are
now in the service an opportunity to re
turn to their former commands, should
they so wish, but if new officers are com
missioned, there will not be any opening
for the old ones upon their return. It has
been suggested as a way out of the diffi
culty that officers on the retired list be
detailed for active duty. If that is done
these can be relieved at any time to make
room for those who shall return, and
should they, or any of them, refuse to re
turn to their respective commands, then
new officers can be commissioned.
Colonel Dolphes EU- Fairbanks of the
Fifth Regiment of Infantry, who was not
commissioned when his regiment and
part of the Second Infantry were merged
into the Eighth California Volunteers,
has filed an application to be placed on
the retired list. The colonel was a cadet
at the California Academy from 1872 to
1^74; captain at that academy in 1874;
with the University of California Cadets
from 1^74 to lSi.; was commissioned cap
tain of the University of California
Cadets May 16, 1ST"; captain of Company
C. Fifth Infantry, October 10, ISS2; major
of the Fifth, February 8, 18S8; lieutenant
colonel, October 20, 1889, and colonel of
the regiment, April 26, 1890.
Shortly before the call for volunteers
J. W. F. Diss, then major on the staff
of Brigadier General Last and inspector
of the First Brigade, held the annual in
spection, but the returns were not trans
mitted to him until last week. He re
ceived them at his new station at Fort
Point, where he is now a lieutenant of
heavy artillery. United States Volunteers.
Of the five men from the Second Brig
ade Signal Corps who were mustered into
the volunteer signal corps, three have up
to date been promoted from first-class
privates to sergeants. These are Thorn
hill Carmany, H. F. Juts and P. C.
Knapp. When the Indiana sailed there
were five sets of chevrons for non
commissioned officers placed on board
and these were to be distributed before
the vessel reaches Manila. Up to the
time that the vessel reached Honolulu
but two seta had been awarded. Car
many, who remained in this city at Camp
Merritt. will probably sail with the next
expedition.
What there is left in this city of the
naval militia still reports at headquarters
on the Marion. At the meeting last Tues
day night there were about thirty-five
men. who were drilled by Lieutenant W.
E. Elliott.
Lieutenant Commander T. A. Nerney
is, in the absence of Captain Turner,
now in command of the scouting vessel
Iroquois, in command of the militia.
Lieutenant C. C. Dennis is the executive
officer of the Marion.
Lieutenant C. V. Otto, commanding the
Fifth Division of the militia, located at
Eureka, Humboldt County, was in this
city last week and he stated that the
men of his command are very much dis
appointed because they have not been
called into the service.
COMES DIRECT FROM
THE CAMP OF GOMEZ
WASHINGTON, July 18.— Lieutenant
Ahem brought to Secretary Alger to
day a report of the expedition which
carried supplies to General Gomez in
the Florida and Fanita. The expedi
tion was under the command of Lieu
tenant Johnson, Tenth Cavalry, who
has remained in charge to see that the
arms and supplies are distributed ac
cording to the wishes of the United
States Government.
Lieutenant Ahem comes direct from
the Cuban general, whose headquarters
is near Sancti Spiritus, in the province
of Santa Clara, and brings important
reports from General Gomez to Secre
tary Alger. General Gomez was found
to have about 5000 men poorly armed
and equipped, and with very little in
the way of supplies. The supplies sent
by the United States will enable Go
mez to fully equip his troops and make
it possible for them to be of some use
in expelling the Spanish from the isl
and.
Further supplies will be sent to Go
mez, so as to enable him to maintain
his army in the interior of Cuba. Lieu
tenant Johnson will remain in com
mand of the troops of United States
soldiers at Gomez's camp, and will con
tinue to represent the United States
Government.
The Original Little Louisiana Co. of San
Francisco— Drawing duly 16, 1898.
No 90 612 wins $7500. sold In San Francisco,
Cal • No 56.152 wins $2000. Bold In Pan Fran
cisco Cal.; No. 69.552 wins $1000, sold in San
Francisco Cal. ; No. 96,901 wins $500, sold in
San Fran.'isco, Cal.; Nos. 59,773 and 78.C82 each
win BM sold in San Francisco. Cal. : Nos.
lGd"". "32' 144 76.170, 90.117 and 96.569 each win
$160" sold in San Francisco. Cal. Prizes cashed
at 3» New Montgomery street, San Francisco,
Cal. *
Capital Prizes
Of the Original Little Honduras Company of
San Francisco, Cal. : No. 9u,512 draws first
capital prize. $3750; No. 86.152 draws second
capital prize. $1000; No. «9.".2 draws third capi
tal prize. $500; No. 9H.901 draws fourth capital
prize $250; Nos. 59,773 and 75.662 each draw
$12.V Nos. 16.02 a, 32,144, 76,170, Wl. 117 and 96,569
each draw $50. All prizes cashed in full, with
out discount, at room 617, 228 Montgomery
street, San Francisco. Cal. • •
The Original Little Honduras Ten Cent
Company.
Decided by the Honduras National Lottery
Company. 90,612 draws first capital prize of
$400. 86.152 draws second capital prize of $4j)o.
69.552 draws third capital prize of $200. 96.901
draws fourth capital prize of $100. 69,773 ariTJ
78.662 each draw $30. All tickets ending with
12, S2, 52 and 01, being the last two figures
of the numbers drawing the first, second, third
and fourth capital prizes, will receive 50c each.
Prises will be cashed by Henry S. Cahn &
Co., room 62, 120 Sutter street, San Francisco,
C«l •
LIST OF PRIZES.
OFFICIAL DRAWING
—OF THE— -
Honduras National Lottery Co,
LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.
Single Number Class "G," Drawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras! C. A., on Satur-
day, July 16, 1898.
The Honduras National Lottery has no daily
drawing and Is not connected with any daily
drawing.
No. Prize. No. Prize. No. Prize.
78......:. 24 857 16 518 16
544 SO 652 16 810........ 80
925 .16 989........ 401 1010. 24
1054 16 1110 161 1138... 16
1155 241 1160........ 16 1220... 24
1263 SO 1279. 24 1283 16
1630 16 1675........ 24 1772 40
1777 40 1795 M 1896........ 24
1911........ 40 2200 40 2243... 16
2252 16 2283 16 2424 16
2508 120] 2571 24 2607 21
2707 80 2771 16 2393. ....... 24
2949 120 £966 40 2976........ IS
3012 SO 3143 16 3153 16
3208 24 3350 16 3531. 16
3639 24 3*59 24 3968 16
4037 16 4136.. SO 4282 16
4291 80 4383 24 1 4392 40
4396 16 4435 16 4547 16
4512 16 4733........ 24 4740......;. 16
4761 24 ! 4529 40 4830 24
4835 16 5000 16 5041 80
5079 • 80 50&0 16 6083 .... 24
6101 _ 24 62"99 16 5317 80
5449 , 24 6475 80 5555 40
6596 24 5612 16 5660 120
5825 16 5860 16 6016 40
6042 16 6221 40 1 6236 40
6438 2416466 6521 40
6557 16 6572 16; 6638 24
6729 24 6751 40 6953........ 40
70*6 16 7123.. 24 7258 16
7292 40 7532 16 7533 40
7862 80 7977 16 8030 40
8063 v . ■ 24 8071 SO 8118........ 40
8162 24 8190 - 40 5309 16
5321 24 8422 40 8450 16
8524 ,16 8788 24 8810 24
8903 16 8920 24 5953 SO
6043 SO 9086........ 24 9092 24
9283........ 40 9349 24 9402.. 24
9485 40 9518 24 9634 24
9653........ 16 9669 16 9702 16
9703 16; 9847 16 9S7S :: 16
9959 16)
10264 10433 - 16 10637 24
10978 40 11169 24 11616. 40
11722........ 24 11784 SO 11802 It.
11956 16 11979 24:12185 40
12324 . 16 12333...;.... 16 12525. 40
12669 • 16|12511 16 12948........ 24
13019 16 13210 40 13337 16
13345 40 13373 24 13411 16
13550 _ 40 13753 8013899 16
13921 24 13941... 40 14012 16
14036 16 1413S SO 14194 , 16
14338 16 14376 f. 14394 16
14418 24 14491 16114580 10
14755 24 14804 16 15055.. 80
15116 24 15152... SO 15352 16
15356 1615493 16 j 15606 24
15658 16 15767 16 15776 40
16795 16115809 110116877 ....... 40
16961 4016025 400,16051 24
16125 16 16323 16 16355 „ 16
16384 24 16331 16 16508..." 16
16623 80 16671 2416722 40
16794 1C 17087 24 17208.. 16
17264 2417337 16 17355 16
17405 « 120 17522 16 17536 80
17657 „ 16 17733 16 17797 24'
17905 24 17935 24 ! 18014 16
18035 16 ISI7I 16118212 16
15248 16 18372 120 18404 16
15608.. 16 15616 .40 18766 24
15769... 24 ISS4S 24 1&012 40
19205 40 19215 16 19242 16
IMS! 16 19409 24 19692........ 40
19831.. ~ 16 19334... 24 19878 . 24
20006 16 20070 24|20098 ; 16
20155 14 20353 16 1 20508 40
20536 16120650 15 20795 16
MM 16 21033 24121048........ 24
21208 21219........ 16121232 :.. 40
21270 °. 16,21349 -40121569 24
21615 24J21630. ....... 40:21718 .' 24
21724 40 21825 16 21944 40
22592 _ 16 22385 40123013 .'. 24
23014 1623031 16,23086 40
23278 40 ' 23337 * 16123506 16
23523 16 23623 16123699 16
23805 80 ! 23827 8024103 .... 24
24120 16 24190 16124374 16
24402 24 24519.. 16124546 SO
24538 16 I -
24609 16 24654 , 16124694... 16
24744 80 24764. 8024860 ...... 24
24984 . 1624958 16 25063 40
25194 16125252 SO 25465 16
23490 80 25519 16125720 .24
257+8 16 25990 40126003.. 16
26043 16126100 ■ 16 26133 120
26142 SO 26204 120126313........ 40
26656 " 16 26654 1626516 . 2*
26550 16126875 24|26876. ..:..... 40
26551 16(26959 80,26990 40
27215 16127311 2*27659 80
27793 16 27*59 • 24J25052........ 24
28136 1625234 16 2.5258 ...' 24
88429 50125565 ' 16i25G57.. ...... 40
2">721 100*28723.- 24|25539 24
18840 ;.. 40)28912 . 16:28917 Is
29095 .80129136 80123172 16
23381......... 16129354.. ........ 16123434........ .". 16
29534....::.. 16 29690 16 29737 16
29929 40:291130". 16]
30061 :.. 16180065 24130103.... :... 16
3(263 ..:,.. 16 3"356 24J30350 40
30730., 80 20SS6 24 30935 24
31007....;... 1631021 40 31048...:..../ 40
31052 24 31229 SO 31303......:. 40
31333........ 40 31407 16131441........ 16
....... 80 31626 80 31555 24
31617 40 31723 :. 16J31570........ I SO
31900 16131&03 24
32067 40 32134 16 32144 400
32157 24 32166 16 32174 24
32208 24 32332 24,324*9 21
32492 16 32566 40 32633 40
32542 24 32910 24 32965 16
32990 84133246 16(33280 24
33291 24 33369 24 33129 IS
33477 16,33373 16 33841........ 16
34013 40 34075 80 34111 16
34191 SO 34218 24 34222 16
34216 40 34326 16 34564 24
34747. 2434562 16 34917 16
35032 16 35050 24 35071.. s 40
35126 80186168 16 35181 16
35412 16 35502 24 35507 > 16
16518 24 35646 16 35794 40
85820 24 35554 24 35917 16'
8(0(8 16 36091 24 35106 24
36173 40 86204... 24 36308 .... 16
3C337 .... 16 36343 16 36501 16
36554 16 36563 24.36R81 16
36555 16 36641 16 36781 16
3G523 120 37034; 24 37095 16
37102 16 37251 24 27352.. 16
37360... 24 37507 16 37613......... 16
87820 40 37821 ....... 37977 16
37988 16 38157 ° 16 38434. 16
38451 16J35T.61 24 38648 16
35692 16138766 16 3SSI2 16
385T.8 16138865 16139064 SO
39156........ 120 39157........ 40 39238 24
39560 iaW3»667 16 39665 16
39789....:... 80 39859 80 39907 40
*5917 16 39954 16 40008 2.4
40163 16 40173.. 16 40327 16
40355 8040681 40; 40844 16
41007 24 41012 X 41081 16
41083 , 16 41110 16 41190 16
41270 .-.. 16 412&2 16 41313 21
41376 '.. 16 41432 10:41440 16
41523 SO 41529.... 16 41558 M)
(2081 1642130 16 42212 16
42291 "I 12380 16 42508 -80
42477 8443830..\ 40 42<*9 40
43016 16 43127..; 16 43195.. 40
43222 16 43474.. 40 43473 16
43485 40 43513........ 16143808 ...... 80
45952 24 ( 44049 40 44183........ 16
44256 16 44313 16:44659 16
446*8 16 44690 ' 24 44756 24
44752 SO 44870 40 44923 16
44966 40:44975 16 45019 24
45099 16 45205 40 45253 40
45370 .1646670 16 45707 40
45972 16 46059 SO 46098 40
40309 16 46309 16 46548 40
46875 16 46981........ 120 47277.. 24
47281 80 47331 16 47343 24
47412........ 16 47499. ° 16 47746 16
47935.. 2448002 -.16 48295: 24
45539 16i48556 40 49233........ 16
49264........ 16 49399........ ■ 16149588... ..... -16
49640 16 49841 40 49921 24
49964 40
50132.. 16 50220.. 16 50266.'....... 16
50298 • 40 50660 40 50772 16
50777........ ' 40:50822 16150921 16
61100........ 16 51571........ 24 51649 80
51701 24 51753 16151816 24
51562 24 52115........ 2452153 -16
52294 2452305 16 52361 24
52376 ' 16 i*69.. ...... 16|52670 16
E2687 40C5/38 16152859.. ...... 40
53057.. 16 53094 16158208 ;. 24
£3447 24 53794 16,53981 16
E4OS6 24 54104 16154156 24
54332 40 543«6 54417. 40
64466 16 54760........ 40 54935  16
56058 16 55134 40 55176 80
55253 -16 55467 16 55470 ,16
65663 80155713 1685791 1C
55987 40165999 ; 80156068 16
E6083 .16 56054 16 66152 16
66324.. 40 56491 80:56670 16
66784. 40 56751 .... 16 56532 40
67049... 40 57111 24157191 40
67579...*.... 24 57699 24,57760 .'....,■ SO
57507 24 ! 57991........ 24:68039 40
68039 40 55450........ 2i>58545 24
58685 16 58657. 16.58759 40
58804. ..?.... 24158826 2458937 40
59041. 16 5H256 24159324 40
59383.;...... 40 59392 1659306 ....... 120
59G24 16 59743 2459773 1000
E9SB4 40!09933 24: . • -
60059 24:60191 24160193........ 24
60250 24 60415 40-60630... ,16
60706 24 00717 24.60787 ..' 24
60890..: . 120:61142 16 61152 ....... 120
61279 ..:.... 40:61340 16 61377 ; 24
61359.. ...... 61394........ 24161422. .......■• 16
61«V2 16161688 ...... 24J61522 ...'24
61874........ 61907........ 120 61979.... ...." 24
62073 24 62152 ■ 16 62293.. 24
62354 16 62355 16 ! 62521...../..;. 16
62558.. 16 62790. 16 62825... SO
63047 16163049........ 16:63171..'. 40
63263 24 63251.. 120 63293... 10
63311 63363 40 63448........ 16
63464 40 63510 1663630... .40
6368". ....... 1663751...:.... 16 63763...:.... • 24
•63863 16 63566...: 50163904. ....... 24
61064...:.... 1664159.. 1664369 •. 16
64238 40 64426 24 61447 40
64622 40164856 21:64740 80
64743 ... 1664795 16164310........ 24
65103 1665109... 1665130... 40
65178... ' 24 65211........ • 24 65225........ 16
65347. 16 65378 24 ! 65413........ 94
65530........ 1665627 .".'..:."■' 16 65655........ 24
C574S 24 65562........ 80 66009......... , 40
66106 24 66138........ 16 66139 16
66157........ 16 66193.:.-..... ■80166380..T..:.. 16
66410........ 16 66473.:...-... 40 66512........ 24
66518.. ".;.:.. ■ 16 66513.-... .... 16:06353 .:..... 80
86596..:...:. ■ -16166671.;'....'.. 24166554. .:..... 24
66912 16166959........ -24166978........ p 16
66979... ;..„".. : 34i67257 . ' 16 67378.. .:._ .40
LIST OF PRIZES. '
No. Prize. I No. Prize. Prize.
67661 ' 40 67834........ 67852... "....- 24
67564.. 24 67868........ 24 67966....:... 16
68042......... 40 68111........ 24 C 5232.. SO
68269 . 16 65274 40168295 16
68372 ■ 40 65351.. ...... - 120)68503 16
68545 ...... 4068707.. 24168713 ....' 24
68715 24 65730 24 65959... 40
65994.. ...... 69038........ 24 69116........ 40
69509 ...... . 16,69552 4000169687 80
69689 16,69781 16 69789 16
69889........ 16
70134 16 ! 70245... SO 70352.. 16
70365... 16 70496 40 70743 16
70800 1670844 24 70936.. ......f 24 I
70954.. 16 70932 16 71173 16
71240 120 71405........ 40 71446 24
71504........ 24 71513........ 40 71515........ • .24
71529 80 71594 12071711 24
71792 , 16,71948 72113 24
72410... 24 72456........ 24 72403 .... 24
72598 24 73048 16 73049 80
73142........ 16 73208........ 80 73395. 16
7341S ....... 73474 1673591 16
73618........ 24:73662 40 73844. 16
72865 ....... 40 73894... 24 73989 16
74135 16 74147 16 74178.; 16
74181........ 24 74273... 80 74357... 80
74422. SO 74518 16 74539........ 16
74679 4074816 16 ; 71915 16
75035. ....... 24 75112.:...... 16 75122 40
75198........ 24 75211 24 75306 24
75373 24 75570........ 24 75623.. 16
75717 16 76034 80;76149 16
76155........ 16 76170 i 400 76208 16
7622S 24 76291 16 76316 16
76603 16 76664... 21 76576 16
76885 40 77036........ 1677133 24
77346 16 77463.. 16 77459.. 40
77512 e> 16 77539 16 77618 16
77627 .SO 77668........ 16 77674........ SO
77829 24 77539 16 ! 77558 40
78012 16 78449 16 75529 24
78604 40 78611 24
78620 16 75662 1000 78752... 16
78803.:....:. 24 75829 : 40,79036 ' 120
79171 16 79173... 40179363........ 80
79364 2475530 24,79630 SO
79721 40 73902 16|79976 40
79992........ 16 80071 1650193 18 <
80238 16,80350 ' 16|803G4 i 24
80390 4080396... 40180438 16
50512 4080519 24|80551 16
50795 81156 16181230 ...... 16
81231 24 81269........ 24151412 16
81469..: 16 81520 80181549 40
51556 24 815S0 16151611 24
81634 40 81812 24:S1S1S ........ 40
51&69........° 80 81998.". 24152046........ 16
82130 4082236..: 16182338 16
82344...... 16 52421 40|52506 40
82507... 1C82555 16|52638 16
52707 16,82943 16152&6S 16
82993 24 83030 40J53321 16
83339 24 85120 40i85179 24
£3511:: 4083641. 16183789 16
53525 24 83958 ; 40 84019 40
84081........ 16 54116 24 54243 40
84308.. 16184462 24 1 84526 40
84636 1654788... 16!
84795 . 24 54534 40 84914........ 24
83041.: 24 85056... 40
Sr.lSl 24 85224 40185480 16
86661 40 85742 40155791 24
85915 120 85927 80:86065 16
j 86175 40i56152 £0001
I 86206 24 56324 •,.. 24156345 40
j 56524.. ....... 86625 >.. 80;56639 40
S«G72 . 40S67SS 401569U : 16
86934 24186963 80187018 1.24
87164 ..." 16 7220 40187266 '24
I 53304 16 87317 24157370 24
| 5737S 40 87519 40*87619 24
87631: 24 87690 24187774 16
87779 40 S7SI4 120187559 80
85045 1888148 ...... W188153 16
88201 16 SS2I6 24185431 '24
88506........ 24 88541 24 58738 16
BS9SB 40 89058. 80189206 24
83262 5 1689327 16189422 24
I 89446 241896ti9 24189633 24
89830 24 89976 16190014 24
90064 16 90079 16 90107 40
90117 400 90141....:... 4090158 16
90190 24 90213 50190239 16
90257 16 90379 40190404 16
90448 401904 l 16190608 16
I 90612....... 3000090K60 40:90708 24
90731.: 80 91107 16191125 16
j 91127 16 91135.. 24 91598 16
I 91601 "24 91932 40192018 24
921*0 "... 16 92262 40192320. 16
92322.....°... 24 92367 4092426 16
92470........ 16 92513........ 16192585 16
92657 :... 24 92718 16(92763 80 i
92799 2492348 50 ! 93151 16 ,
63243 40 93352........ 24:93394 16 j
93651 16 93759... 2493892 lb
93920 2422972 24 "4435 SO 1
94788 24194798 16194542 24
84867 4055087 24195075 40
65325. ....... 16 9: 333 16195393........ 16
95569 16 95571.. 16195550........ SO '
95603 24 95742 93840 16:
5>5980 2456095.. 16J96099 SO j
96264 120 96273 40196282 24
56314 16 96354 40 96569 400
96711........ 2496713 40!
96512... 24 96845 ■ 24J96554 16
96901 20009603S 97075 40
97078 16 97113 16 97134 16
97221... 16:97223 80'
97249.. 97259 16167325 40
97341) 1697423 24 97436 16 1
! 97:68 1697663 SO 97770 40:
j 97539.. 16MJ5025 1698036 24
98102 16198178 40(98284 16
; 9536S 21 95533 24198640 40
98706 14(96785 16198826 16 i
98950 16 90135 80 1.9132 80.
99417 16 99431 16 99477 16
I 99199 8099538 16,99728 16
I 99836 24 1 |
I ' APPROXIMATION PRIZES— IOO numbers, |
I from 90,562 to 90,662 inclusive, being fifty num- |
bers on each side of the number drawing the
capital prize 0f, 530, 000— $40.
100 numbers, from 86132 to 86,232 inclusive, be- :
I ing fifty numbers on each side, of the number :
• drawing the capital prize of $SO<)0, $24.
100 numbers from 69,603 to 69,602, inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $4000, $16.
TERMINAL, PRIZES— numbers ending
with 12. being the two last figures of the num-
I ber drawing the capital prize of $30,000. $8. •
I 999 numbers ending with 82, being the two !
last figures of the number drawing the second
! capital prize of $8000, $8. ,
i The subscriber, having supervised the single
number drawing, class G. Honduras National
! Lottery Company, hereby certifies that the I
above are • the numbers which were this day
drawn from the 100,000 placed in the wheel,
, with the prizes corresponding to them.
■ Witness my hand at Puerto Cortez, Hon- i
I duras, C. A., this Saturday, July 16, 1898.
GEORGE W. DUPRE. Commissioner.
Vice GENERAL W. L. CABELL^absent).
Prizes cashed at No. 3b New Mont-
gomery street, San Francisco, Cal.
VICTORY AND SANTIAGO
I are both ours, and we would like . to
cheer our gallant soldiers on the field.
In our laundry work we strive just as
hard to achieve victory over all com- i
j petition by doing the finest work In this '
line that can be accomplished, and , the
beauty of your linen, madras or, negli-
gee shirts, duck, linen and crash suits
laundered here are beyond competition.
The United States Laundry, office
... .1004 Market street Telephone
South. 420.
60*606000000000000
oth"0 th " PALACE wj
I CR AND hotels o
o , / SAN FRANCISCO. Q
Connected by a covered passageway. . ■*?■
1400 Rooms-900 With Bath Attached. ®
' O ' All I Under One ' Management. O .
-. O ' NOTE THE PRICES: O\
m. European Plan. • 1.00 per day and upward /_/ _
w American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward VI
■ Q Correspondence Solicited. " O
0 JOEH 0. KIBXPATBIOK, Manager. : Q
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
■QISTTQTJI7O FOR BARBERS. BAR-
JjilU jn JLO •*•« bootblacks, bath-
; , .***: ~T^f. houses.: billiard-tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, ■ cannera,
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers. " printers, painters. • shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eta
1 BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609. Sacramento St
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAiiNY AND ; WASHINGTON STB.—
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD A
CO. European plan. - Rooms 60c to $1 50 day,"
%i> to •& week, $S to $30 month. . Free baths; hot
! and cold water every room ; fire grates In every
room;, elevator runs all night. ;, -
: < ;;;>•-■-•; ■ ■■_■;- ; ; ■".;-" ■ - ,
; ,- SLEDS, BOATS, ETC.' -
• 1 76- horse t power" Roberts | boiler, : 1 1 SS-hors«
power Scotch . marine boiler, metallic lifeboats,
•E0 wooden. boats of all descriptions can b« seen
I at TlB Third street. ' GEO. W. KNEASS.
Subscribers camping at localities along the line of railroads
where there are no postal facilities can have The Call
thrown off at their camp by sending name and location
of camp to The Call Subscription Department.
i ~~ — — — —
MAGIC SANTA . .
gf^ CATALINA
America's greatest field for- health and pleas-
ure. Most phenomenal rod and reel fishing in
the world. The wonderful Marine Gardens;
the great stage ride; delightful coast excur-
sions; novel outdoor sports; dancing; pyrotech-
nics; water carnivals, etc. THE FAMOUS
MARINE BAND and splendid ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL METROPOLE,
Always open; modern appointments; efficient
management. ■ 4 '-
ISLAND VILLA,
Open July 1. Splendid arrangement for
campers.
Full Information, rates, illustrated pamphlets,
Wilmington Transportation Company,
222 South Spring St., Los Angeles, Cal.
HOTEL
METROPOLE,
■*-- ' < % OAKLAND
AHa&jflMfcteajk *^ and Jefferson Sts.
't£&^sWi!™&k On 35 minutes
aP"S*^*Ki!Kl from San Fran-
\S^J***!faSSs- Cisco.
jjs|i&^)ff)J£ft,tri]!£] A Desirable Summer
V«ffiWi_rMr^a and Resort for
'" '~"~ Families, Travelers
R. M. briare, Prop, and Tourists.
SARATOGA IK
I Lake County, Cal.
Curative powers of springs and mineral baths
unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy
of access; telephone connections and daily mall.
Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS. Pro-
prietor, or in Saa Francisco. 116 Pine street. 7.
A. BUSSE.
PARAISO JOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County, Cal.
For rest, health and pleasure, fine waters j
and baths, cleanest accommodation and table, !
Paralso stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets i
at 613 Market St.. S. F. ii; trains leave dally
at Third and Townsend 9 a. m for *?olcdad
For terms and free pamphlet address B.
ROBERTSON. Manager.
O U P O HOT SPRINGS; Sonoma Co !
\E |l|i|i A On 'y <% hours from 8. F. an* ''
i UIinUUV but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent climate: good trout
streams at door: ■ photographers' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, daily mail; FIRST-CLASS
EERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from S. F. only $5 60; take Tlburoa
ferry, at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, It a
day or 112 a week. Reference, any guest of the
past three years. J. .F. MULGREW. Prop. I
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
Boats tree to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table. Clean beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate 'perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckee in the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest. The Ideal spot for families because It Is
clean, no poison oak. no pests. And pure air
and pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM-
ONS. Virginia. City, before June 1. when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public.
*" "ft REST and HEALTH
ORCHARD SPRINGS
Id the foothills of the Sierra Jrradu, n«r Col fax, on C. P.R.K,
Plain, quiet retreat, finest xetntry. water. monnUin air,
fruit, and nil the year arnanit climate in California.
Ideal grounds andtorroaadittf i. On 11. R., 116 mil™ fr<>m*»:i Fru. |
$8 a week. Open all year. Sea for Booklet.
Address: Orchard Springs, rhlraro P»rk, Cal.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
:■■. ■". LAKE COUNTY. •
This delightful watering place- is located la
the midst of the Coast Range.
_ Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. f 10.
JOHN SPAULDINQ. Proprietor
3. WALLACE SPAULDINQ. Manager. ~
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County. 6 Hours from San Francisco
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchantlac
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc
NATDKAX STEAM. AM' MINERAL BATH?
Tepid Swimming --ake. Long-distance Tele-
hone. Telegraph, etc. Table nnsurpassad.
Term*. $10 and 115 per week: (2 and $2 50 per
day. , R. ii. HORTON, Proprietor.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS,
Situated in the heart of the redwoods, four
miles from Glenwooil, County of Santa Crui.
I Magnificent mountain scenery; elevation 1900 J
: feet. Springs especially adapted for rheuma-
tism. Climate unsurpassed for pulmonary |
troubles. Terms $7 and up. Hunting, fishing, :
lawn tennis, bowling alley. ■ billiards, piano,
etc Cottages for families. Stage line 50c, *
over a mountain boulevard, where the nicest ;
Bcenery is to be seen of this and other counties.
Address L. PERHACS. Glenwood.
HOWARD™ 8^
11 Vf TTTI.IV/. LAKE COUNT V j
Accommodations unsurpassed. . *
Rates. $s $10 and $12. - Special terms to fast-
ilies. Postofflce and telephone. • , -
Round trip, $10. Southern Pacific office. OS
Market street.
■ Address MRS. R. J. BEEBT.
HOTEL EL BONITO. .
DUNCAN'S MILLS, Sonoma" County. Open
all year; N. P. R. R. ; best boating, fishing, ,
bathing on Russian River. Fine walks, drives, I
croquet, billiards, etc. ; excellent table. Terms: |
$8 00 to $12.00 a week. PETER SICKELS, pro-
prietor, or I. E. THAYER, 28 California street.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious, llmate; pi*.
ruresque scenery; mountain, walks; purs
spring ■ water; beautiful drives; pine groves;
lawns and I gardens. The - best advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture in a short time. Address St.
Helena 6ar.'«arlum. St. Helena, Cal.
PLANTATION r HOUSE, .
Eighteen miles from Cazadero, on i stage line.
Good trout r fishing, plenty fruit, . cream and
milk; free ' conveyance for parties .of two or
more; grand led wood scenery. - Address J.
LUTTRINQER, Sea view. Sonoma County, or ■
apply 12. KKUSE, 207 Front at.. 3. F.. for par- ;
ticular*.*'-  . -
v AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS HOTEL,
Son. Valley, two hours from S. F.. via rib-* j
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and. tub
baths. Hotel ■ completely remodeled ana >. refjt-
Dished. Water, gas. electric bells, r..ates $lt) to
$12 per week, it per day. Address AGUA CALI-
ENTE SPRINGS. Ana Callente. Sonoma Co..
. Cat - .-..,-.-..-.;.. 1
El Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
. PASO DE ROBLES. CALIFORNIA.
OTTO E. NEVER..;.............. Proprietor
LINDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED
• MANAGEMENT.
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
HOT MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS. "• v V : V'-r
SODA SPRINGS.
IRON SPRINGS.
NEW HOTKXi AND COTTAGES.
PATr« nnCHESTRA.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
PACIFIC
CONGRESS SPRINGS
. Santa Clara County,
Three hours from San Francisco, via _ Los
Gatos; 6 months rcundtrip ticket. $4. or via
Santa Clara. $3 50. New swimming tank, 150.\75
feet, and other improvements.
Hot and cold mineral baths.
Climate, scenery and location unequaled.
JOHN S. MATHESON. Manager.
■LAI SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOit
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
springs in America; all Mnds of amuse-
ments; new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
ing alley First-class accommodations: r_-.te*
reasonable. Write for illustrated pamphlet*.
San Francisco office. 316 Montgomery street.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal.
MARK WEST SPRINGS
The most picturesque resort in California. Has
the only grapevine arbor In the State: a va-
riety of mineral springs, such as Soda, Sul-
phur. Magnesia. Iron and Arsenic: plunge bath:
Ewjmmlng pool; billiards, shufffe-board, croquet
and other games. Accommodations first class;
table good. Round-trip $3 75. Stage meets
morning trains and Saturday evening. Terms
$9 to $12 per week. Address FRESE St JL'ER-
GENSEN.
The Place for ATDPII A DH InthefOOT-
ßESTand uiivxi AnD hills ■*• &•
HEALTH SPRINGS #11
Plain, Quiet Retreat. Finest Scenery. Water.
Mountain Air, Fruit, and all the Year
Around Climate in California.
Idstl grounds and surroundings. On R.R ,136 Tiles S.F.
$8 week. Open all year, send for Bookist
Address Orchard Springs. Chicago Park, CaL
ROWARDENNAN.
Fanta Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo River.
{ hours from S. F.. 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz;- grounds and river lit by electric lights:
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishing:
finest hall and dining-room in Santa Crui
Mts.: club, billiard and smoking rooms. New.
hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tele-
phone and telegraph service. Round trip. $0.
Address THOMAS L. BELL. Prop., tSouth Bea
Lomond.
LOVELY BEN LOMOND.
Park House and cottages. New management.
Fine grounds. Fish pond, boating. Grand scen-
ery. Solid comfort. Fresh milk and fruit. Livery
connected. $8 week. R. H. BANFILL. Prop.
7SJ4-+* #1 No Paging to get there.
ZTIhI/I no toe ' mosquitoes rr
/■fl j ILA winds whop. you are
there. Table unsurpassed.
Hates '10. $15. $14 a week.
•T • Round trip tickets IT. W.
Vf"lt?*l!tfH«TC 1 - Mitchell. Manager:
jpriflgs iuu^ wen - Agent - can
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS,
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation. 6009 feet.
Dally mail. Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. ' Open June 1. Address GOCL-
DEN & JACOBS, Dormer. j Placer Co.. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
* Finest fishing and health resort on the Coasu
For particulars write to EDSON BROS.. Bes-
wick. Slsklycn County. CaL
Onnnn lIT IT And >rood " treat-
UUUII LLWn ment go hand la
hand at HOTEL OISBLMAN.
Lakeport. Cal.
A. H. SPURR, Proprietor.
PARKER VINEYARD 'RANCH.
Natural attractions without limit. Pleasant
walks through shady canyons. Hunting and
fishing. Table supplied with fresh vegetables,
fruits, butter,, milk and ecrgs. A . delightful
country ■ home. Free conveyance at depot; *7
per week. JOHN D. WINTER, Cloverdale, Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United.
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free. . ■
Baja Californte
DAMI AN A BITTERS
Is a powerful I aphrodisiac and ! specific tonio
for the sexual and urinary organs of bota
Eezes. and a great remedy for diseases of th«
kidneys and • bladder. A great Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits: no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents, .
123 Market Street. B. V.— (Send for Circular.
\AJ. T. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOBNEY-AT LAW, .
Tenth Floor. Koom 101S, Claus Spreckela Bids.
Telephone 3rown ML \ '
Resldarce. 821 California street. balow
Powell. Isan Francisco. • . '
Weekly GaU, $1.50 per Year
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat freights dull.
Wheat futures firmer.
Barley, Oats and Rye Inactive.
Corn firm.
Smaller receipts of Hay.
Bran advanced.
Al,A 1 , bite Beans wanted.
Bright Fhlpplng Wool selling fairly.
. Hops very dull.
Fotatoes and onions unchanged.
Butter weak; Eggs and Caeese firm.
Poultry in good supply.
Melons brine fancy prices.
Apricots firm and wanted.
Dried fruits quiet.
Provisions firmer in the East.
Hides and Leather weak.
Grain Bags easy.
Meat market unchanged.
Oils ass before.
NATIONAL EXPORTS.
The following figures taken from the bulle- j
tin issued by the Bureau of Statistics of the j
Treasury Department, show the value of the
principal articles of merchandise exported from
the United Slates for the twelve months ended
June 30: Breadstuffs, $324,706,060; cotton. $229.
007,477; mineral ells, 171.001; cattle and hogs,
134.768.907; provisions, $154,454,074; total. $799,
007,519. The value for the twelve months ended
June 30. 1897, $545,765,244. The value of the ex
ports of, breads-tufls from San Francisco during
June was }:>-.-"■:■ and lor the twelve months
then ended $21,542,465.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Ju-ly 19. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day irom Weather Bureau stations in
California:
Eureka, SS: Fresno, 100; Los Angeles. 80: Red
Bluff. 102: Independence, 92: San Diego, 70;
6acramento. SO; San Luis Oblspo. 70; Yuma,
104. '
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 62;
minimum. 62; mean, f.7.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
RECASTS.
The pressure has fallen over the north«"-n
half of the Pacific Slope. It has risen rapidly
over Montana and North Dakota.
The temperature baa remained nearly sta
tionary over the greater portion or' the coun
try west .if the Rocky Muui.i.. .'.: •, It has fal
len at Sacramento an-.l r,. . a ..t Biker City
about ID degrees. The uu.;-.. .lures in the
great valleys of California ..:. win 2 to 7
degrees above the normal.
No rain has fallen west of li;-.- Rocky Mount
ains.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. July 20, 189S;
Northern California — Cloudy Wednesday; I
southeasterly changing to southwesterly wind. I
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; fresh I
westerly winds.
Nevada i loud) Wednesday.
Utah— Cloudy Wednesday; warmer north.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Wednes- |
day; southerly, changing to fresh westerly
wind.
la] report from Mount Tamalpals, taken
at 5 p. m. — Clear; wind west, 4 miles; tem
pt rature. SO; maximum, -:
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 19.— Midsummer dullness
was the characteristic of the stock market to
day. These who have money to buy stocks on
a large seal.' and those who have large holding.-)
to sell seemed to have gone off for a holiday
outing. I'be bear element among the small
room traders took advantage of the dullness to
hammer at the list here and there. They sold
down Metropolitan Street Railway" with some
confidence. They had in their favor a rumor of !
yellow fever among the troops at Tampa and
the weak traffic statement of St. Paul for the
second week in July, showing that the decrease
In earnings compared with last year of nearly
$47,000 helped them.
' The prices of railroad stocks are now from 5
to 13 points higher than they were a year ago, I
but 111 the meantime dividend rat's' have In
many cases been Increased and extra dividends
disbursed. The world's available supply of
breadstufls is not materially greater than It
was a year ago, but this country is assured of i
the largest crop in its history, and the crop
of the world cannot yet be reliably estimated.
The price of wheat is In consequence held back
and farmers are not bringing the new crop
forward, thus keeping down the earnings of the
grain-carrying roads.
Bonds were featureless, except that Denver
and Gulf firsts advanced 2 points, with a sub
sequent reaction. Total sales. $2,540,000.
United States s's coupon advanced V» In the
bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 115,800
shares, including: Alchtson, 9665; C. B. and Q.,
6970; L. and N.. 1980; Manhattan, 3860; Metro
politan. 7740; St. Paul, 10.190; Sugar, 14,375;
Leather preferred, 4350; Rubber, 3370.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison l:i> s .St V & Om 81%
Do prefd 33% Do prefd 150
Baltimore & Ohio 13V* St i' M A M. ..'... 153
Canada Pacific .. S3 So Pacific .... 19%
Canada Southern. S2>,i do Railway Si
Central Pacific .. 14V< Do prefd 2i» 7^
Ches & Ohio 22^ Texas A Pacific. 12* i,
Chi & Alton 160 L'nlon Par prefd. 69%
Chi U & Q 101% U P D & G 6%
Chi & X 111 531, Wabash 7
CC C & St L.... 41S Do prefd 18&
Do prefd 85 Wheel &L E 1
Del & Hudson.... 1044 Do prefd 8
Del i. & W 150 Express Companies-
Den & X <i 11^ Adams Ex 100
Do j-refa 4S American Ex 137 -
Erie (new) . ... i:\ United States .... 40
Do Ist i>refd.... 34', Wells Fargo 118
Fort Wayne 170 Miscellaneous—
(it Nor nrefd IS A Cot Oil 20
Hocking Valley... :ij<4 Do prefd 74
Illinois Central .. 107 M. Amn Spirits 12
Lake Erie & W... 14 Do prefd 33
Do prefd ..... 70 Am Tobacco ... 11S%
Lake Shore 188 Do prefd 120
Ixjuls & Nash 51% People's Gas 97%
Manhattan L .... 104^ Cons Gas 195 1 *
Met St Ry 147', , Com Cable Co 170
Mich Central ... 104 1 ,* Col :' A iron . 20
Minn a: St 1, 2S Do prefd 90
Do Ist prefd ... £S ..Gen Electric 88%
Mo Pacific 34 .4. Illinois steel .. 07%
Mobile & 0hi0... :■'.'- ILaolede Gas 50
Mo Kft T 10% Lead ;; ._ SS«
Do prefd 33<H, Do prefd 1074
Chi Ind & L <)% Nat Lin Oil 13
Do prefd 294 Pacific Mall 254
N .7 Central 884 Pullman Palace... 209
N V Central 11716 1 Silver Certificates 59
N V Chi &St L.. 13 Stand R & T 5%
Do Ist nrefd — 70 Sugar 132&
Do M nrefd.... 30 Do profd . .. 113
Nor West 14 T C # Iron 2454 !
No Amer Co 6 s * U 8 Leather "14 '
No Pacific 23% Do prefd 6614 !
Do ; reffl fin% V S Rubber 29'
Ontario & W 14'-a Do prefd 89
Or R A Nay 4S West Union 81U
Or Short Line 2* C & N W 127
Pittsburg i.-'i Do prefd 172>4
Rradlng 16%' St L A S '.V 5
Do Ist Drefd.... 33 4 j Do prefd io<4 i
Rock Island 9f."VR O W 2C/4
6t L A B F 7>i| Do proM 66
Do Ist nrefd.... 61 Chi <; W •14
Do M prefd 27% Haw Com Co 22V4
St Paul 97"t Brooklyn R T .... B4H
Do prefd 150.4 Union Pacific 23^4
CLOSING BONDS.
D B new 4s rcg.. 12:; N V Central lsts. 115%
Do coup ....".... 124 N .1 Css 112
V S 43 i ■■. v Carolina 65.... 125
Do 2ds 110 Do 4s .... 102
Do Ids 93 So Pac lsts 112%
V B 5s reg 11l Do 3s 63%
Pc> 5s coup 112% Do 4s 9SU
District 3.Gf.s IM \" YCA St L 4s. 105
Ala class A 10* - or &W Cs 121
Do B 10.1 Northwptrn cons. 1424
Do C 93 Do deb as llfiu
Do Currency ... 95 O Nay lsts Ill'
Atchison '? 94>,i ') Nay 4s. 95V4
Do adj 45....:.. <V.- 0 S Line 6s tr.... 127%
Can So '.Ms 10991 0 B Line Gs tr.... 104
Chi Term 4? 86^ Pacific 6b of 95 1014
C & Ohio Bs 1144 R Q XV Ist? »',
C H A D .'4s 104% PI I, A I M C os. '%%
D&R <: lsts 101 st L&B F G 6s. 1174
D A- R G 4* 94U st i> Con... 145
East T.nn l»t«.. 105^ St P C & P l«ts. 1184
Erie Gen 4s 73 Do r.« . . nrC
FW & I) lsts tr. 74 So Railway 55.... 93%
Gen Eaec .'.< lor, Stand uA T 65... "0
GH&S A6s "104 Term new net 3s 91
Do 2ds 103,4 T Pac L O lsts.. 105%
H & T C r.s 105 Do R Ids . 43
Do con m 11l rj I* D .*.- <; lsts.. ~l~i
lowa C lsts 101 Wai) Ist 5s 110 '
La new cons 45.. 103 Do 2ds 87
LAN T'n: 4s 88 W Shore 45..... i! logU
Missouri 'is .."... 100 \'a Centuries . 71U
MX & T 2ds 65H Do deferred ... 04
Do 4s tO% Union Pacific 4s. 96 7
mining stocks. - .;:
Chollar 10 Ontario 25
Crown Point ■ 02 Ophlr 10 '
Con Cal & Va.... 30 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 30 Quicksilver 1 3-,
Gould & Curry 05 J Do prefd 460
Hale & Norcross.. 42 Sierra Nevada ... 40
Homestake 48 00 Standard 1 f>o
Iron Silver 72 Union Con 10
Mexican 08 Yellow Jacket ... 05
:C«; BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— I Atchison prefd .. 33%
Call loans 2%^3>4 | m :t,ii El 4.-,]^
rime loans 3 ©4 Gen Elec prefd.... S3
A T ft S F mi JJnndc—
Amer Supar 132' i Atchison 4f 93
Do prefd 113% New England 6s. 113
Bay Ptate Gas... IM Gen Elec 5» 104
Bell Telephone... 273 Mining "hares —
Boston & Albany. 225H Allouez Mln Co.. 3%
Boston & Maine.. 161 Atlantic 26
Chi B & Q 104% Boston & Mont... 204 U.
Fltchbur* 59% Butte & Boston.. 23%
Gen Electric ."•'•.. Calumet & Hecla. 550
rilinois Steel 57 Centennial 14U,
Mexican Central . 4% Franklin 12
N' ri N Eng.... 53 Osc-nola ....: 464
Did Colony 1!'? Qulncy 116
Rubber 2RMi Tamarack 156
Union Pacific .... 23* Wolverine 23%4
West End So' 4 Parrott 23%
IVeetlnghouse El. 244 Old Dominion .... 23
Do prefd 64 '
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
KEWtYOIIK. July 19.— Money on call easy.
l!jn^ Per cent: last lot n, IV* : prime mercantile
paper, 3V»<&4 per cent; sterling exchange steady,
. with actual business in bankers' bills at J4 85 1 4
1 04 85% for demand and |4 S4Vi@4 BtV4 for 60
days; posted rates. }4 85>*@4 87; commercial
bills, $4 t>3(&4 SS^,; silver certificates, 69@59*;c;
bar sliver. 59"-ic: Mexican dollars. 45% c; Gov
ernment bonds, firm; State bonds, dull; railroad
; bonds, steady.
LONDON MARKETS.
NEW YORK, July 19.— Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were stagnant to-day, except for
Grand Trunk, which was steadily sold by weak
i bulls and by some bears. It is believed that
' when the present weak holders are cleared out
! a sharp reaction may follow.
t 1 At present the weakness In Grand Trunk Is
assisted by the dullness In Americans.^ which
: were absolutely neglected to-day. The weak
ness In Grand Trunk Is not surprising consid
ering the falling off in traffic returns and the
■ continuance of the rate war.
! The' New York demand for bonds continues.
1 Other markets are featureless. Spanish 4s lost
a point. A new Western Australian loan Is
announced for £1.000.000 at 94.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific. 85H"; Grand Trunk, 7%. Bar
silver— Steady; 27V4d per ounce. Money, hiISM
per cent.
PARIS, July 19.— Spanish 4s closed at 37.05.
LONDON, July 19.— Spanish 4s closed at 36%.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. July 19.— FLOUR— Receipts, 18.
252 barrels; exports, SOSB. The market showed
a little more strength and some Improvement in
demand.
WHEAT— 47.176 bushele; exports,
157,528. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, S4V»c f. o. b.«
afloat, export grade, to arrive. Options had
a steady opening on cables and experienced
decided strength In the afternoon through cov
ering, based on less favorable spring wheat
news and a heavy decrease In Bradstreet's vis
ible. Closed Viil^c net higher. Late deliveries
were strongest: No. 2 red July. S2^<gS2»ic,
closed !>2V; September. ~^~,'313%c. closed 13% c.
HOPS— Steady; Pacific Coast, 1895 crop, 3@4c;
ISM crop, 6;£/7c; 1597 crop. 12 Li 13c.
WOOL— Quiet: fleece, 17&23 c: Texas, 13@16c.
METALS — Activity continues the chief
characteristic of the metal market. Buyers and
sellers alike exhibit indifference and the outlook
is still very unpromisnig. At the close the
Metal Exchange called: -■ - -
PlGlUON— Warrants unchanged, with Jo 60
bid and $6 70 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet and unchanged at
$11 50.
TlN— Quiet; $10 55 bid and $10 65 asked.
LEAD— QuUt, with $3 92Mi bid and J3 95 asked.
The firm naming the settling price for the lead-
Ing miners and smelters at the West still quotes
IpELTER-DuU, with »4 40 bid and J4 60
"COFFEE— Options closed quiet and unchanged
to 5 points net lower. Sales, 4500 bags. Includ
ing: July, J5 40; September, *5 45. Spot cof
fee— dull and easy; No. 7 invoice, 6Hc;
No. 7 lobbing. 6%c m , . . 
SUGAR— Raw. strong; fair refining, 3 9-16 c;
centrifugal. 96 test. 4 3-l6c; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 14.126 packages. Firm;
Western creamery, 13Vi@17c; ElKir.s. IT; factory.
U 3 "\c
Egg.*- Receipts, 12,477 packages. Steady;
Western, 13\@14c
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. July 19. — California Dried
F EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 6@Bc;
prime wire tray, Si*c; choice, B«i@9c; fancy,
APRICOTS-sloyal, S%@loc; Moorpark, 10®
12 c
PEACHES— Unpeeled. s@Sc; peeled, 12@15c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, July 19.— The urgency of the de
mand for the cash article and the early
strength developed by Corn started Wheat firm.
First trades for September delivery were at
from G7*,c to 67\c. whereas it closed yesterday
at 67V»©67V4c. Calls for the day were at from
67*0 to 67%e. so that the sellers yesterday
afternoon of those privileges were at once made
anxious. Another encouraging feature was tile
fact that while the receipts of new \\ neat
were on the Increase there was a sufficient
demand to absorb It all. Bradstreets reported
a decrease of 6.745.000 bushels in the world s
visible. 4,526,000 bushels decrease last year, and
that was supposed to be the cause for a con
siderable rise in prices that started about the
middle of the session. Later, however, it was
found that those who by the heaviness of their
purchases contributed chiefly to the advance
were influenced by the reported damage by
heat to spring Wheat in the Northwest. As a
result of these reports September \\ heat that
had been listless and fearfully dull all fore
noon at about 67Va67»^c became strong and ;
active and rose to sT%©67%c. Prices sagged a
trifle near the close on pr nt taking. Septem
ber closed iv 4c4 c higher at 6SH@6!>VaC. December
gained IV»C. closing at 68 Vic.
Corn had two phases, a bull one early on
i high temperature and a dry weather map and
, a bear one later on predictions of general
t showers. The opening was at %@V»e advance .
on good covering by belated shorts who had
staved out until their position assumed a very
dismal outlook. The market did not get be
yond the opening quotations, however, as heavy
realizing by scattered holders cnecked the up
ward tendency. Prices ruled steadily at the
advance until thunderstorms and cooler
weather were predicted and the crowd lost no
time ' In getting out short lines. September
broke sharply and left oft V»@V4c lower on the
a A. good cash demand held Oats steady de
spite the slump in Corn. The close was un-
C Provisions had a strong start on the good
demand and higher hop prices. Packers were
liberal sellers and loaded the market every time
a buyer showed himself. Yellow fever rumors
weakened the close. Pork declined lac and
Lard and Ribs 7Mi@loc each.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat °-.. 7.... 744 75* 744 75%
july "4* 7oU 74Vi <i»Vi
ceniUmber 67'> 8 68 V 67% CS*
December 67% 68% 67% GSM.
JuSr..^ 0 :..^. 33% 33% 334 33%
September 34% 34% 33* 33*
December 34* 34% 33% 34
May 36% 36% 36 36%
July'" . ?:. 2 23% 23% 2314 23%
SetHember 19 20 194 13%
May '. 22% 22% 22% 22%
Mess Pork per bbl— _
July 9 '24
September 10 07". 10 10 r- 9 824 9 87*
Lard per 100 lbs —
September 6 724 5 724 560 5 624
October 5 774 5 774 665 6 67*
Short Ribs per 100 lbs—
September 5 77* B 774 6624 665
October 580 '5 80 570 670
t"a = h quotations were as ioiiowb:
Flour steady; No. •> spring wheat. 75c; No. 3
spring wheat. 72<??S2c: No. 2 red, 76c; No. 2 corn,
P^'»,'(:33-\i; No. 2 oats, 23% c; No. 2 white, 27c:
i No. 3 white. 2x>\'a 26Vic ; No. 2 rye, 4Sc; No. 2 !
: barley, 32g-34c: No. 1 flaxseed. $1 02; prime tim
: othy Beed, $2 55; mess pork, per bbl. $9 TVa
9 80; lard, per 100 lbs. $5 50fT. 55; short ribs
! Fides (loose). $5 4.".fi5 sd; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), $4 7r,f}s; short clear sides (boxed), $6 05 j
<ii 6 15: sugar, unchanged.
I Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
' Flour, barrels 3..'"" 5.500
1 "Wheat, bushels 35.300 7.200
Corn, bushels .2G2.200 104.
! Oats, bushels 213.700 113.401)
Rye. bushels 7.300 . 6,700
Barley, bushels 2.200
On the Produce Exchan— > to-day the butter
market was firm; Creameries 12<J?lG%c: Dairies,
| U^lV.ic. Eggs, fair demand; fresh, lie.
. ' WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 44, .",.".0 24.490
Puluth 1.443 176.953
. Milwaukee .."......".:.;...'...... 7,150 * 650
.Chicago .....35,372 : 7.2.'.a
! Toledo I 209.141 198,000
St. Louis 60,000 . 21.000
Detroit 13.919 ■ 1.203
Kansas City 92,000 24,000
Totals 463,675 453,593
Tidewater—
Boston ....
New York 47.175 157.82S
Philadelphia 500 . , S9S
I Baltimore 81,863 24,000
j New Orleans -
j Galveston .... 2.000
Totals ' i
PARIS FUTURES. '
Wheat— ,. v :-*, . July. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 53 75 45 00
Closing 54 00 45 10
Flour— . • .
Opening 23 75 20 60
Closing 23 80 20 60
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 10% 6 7"si
Closing. 67% 5 10% 57%
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO. July 19.— California fruit sold at
auction to-day:
Bartletts — Averaged $1 75©1 84. Tragedy
Prunes— 25. Burbank Plums— sl 28. Cherries
' —Royal Anne," Ssc®fl; Republican, 50c@$l 25.
; Weather hot. Eight cars sold.
I NEW YORK. July California fruit sold
at auction to-day:
! Pears— Bartletts, $1 60®l 93 box.
Plums— Jefferson, $1 30 single crate; Ogon
Isl 1601 30; Burbanks, $1 15: . Waitings.' 96c;
Bradshaw*. 75c;.«Hh»r v«ri»tles. f.o®Soc.
Prunes— German, $1 0301 35 single " crate; Sil
ver. $1 20; Tragedy. 75e@$l 15.
j ■ Cherries— Royal Annes. 35c@$l box; Republi
i cans. 45@65c. . ... , .
Heachec— E. CrawforJs. EMtKc box; Imperi
i als. Me; St. Johns, 43@75c; Hale'ji Earlys, 40c.
Sixteen cars sold. •
Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit at
auction, realizing the following prices:
BOSTON. July 13.— Bartlett Averaged
$2. . Weather hot. Five cars sold.
PHILADELPHIA. July 19.-Bartlett Pears
sl Sofl 90; average. $1 86. ■ One car sold.
CHICAGO, July 19.— Bartletts— Averaged $1 73
@1 84. Tragedy Prunes— sl 25. Burbank Plums
— $1 28. • Cherries— Royal ' Anne,' 35c@Jl; average.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 1898.
70c; . Republican. 50c4?5l 20; average, $1 03.
Weather hot. Eight cars sold.
MONTREAL. July 19.— Bartlett Pears— l 230
®2 30; average, $2 23. : ~:' 1
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
| CHICAGO, July CATTLE— was an
active demand for cattle to-day at steady
i prices. Choice steers, $5 15@5 50; medium,
': $4 9005 15; beef steers. $4 15@4 60; stockers and
I feeders, $3®' 4 75; bulls. $3@4 25; cows and helf
! en--. $3 60@4 85; canners, $2 40@3; calves, $3 50
r ": Western steers, $4 25^5 30. •
HOGS— Were 5c higher. Fair to choice, {4 05
! @4 16; packers, $3 57%@4 02%; butchers, $3 90®
i 4 12H; mixed, $3 65@4 05; light, $3 80@4 07%;
i pigs. $2 85@3 95. . .
SHEEP— In good demand and stronger,
i Spring lambs, $3 40@6 75; Western sheep, $40
4 SO; natives, J4 60«?4 80.
Receipts— Cattle, 4000; hogs. 21,000; sheep, 10,
000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. July 19.— Receipts,
8000. Market steady to a shade lower. Native
• steers, $4 10fi?5 25; cows and heifers. $2 GO®
! 4 25^stockers and feeders. $3@4 90; bulls, $2 75
Receipts, 116 000. Market strong to 5c
: higher. Bulk of sales, $3 75<j?3 85; heavies,
$3 8504 05; packers. $3 7003 95: mixed. $3 65®
: 3 96; llchts. $3 60(^3 77%; pigs. $3 10@3 65.
i SHEEP-Recelpts, 6000. Market firm; lambs,
; $3 90@6; muttons, $3(7z4 30.
OMAHA.
! OMAHA. July 19.— Receipts, 8000.
I Market active and stronger. Native beef steers,
$4 25@5 25; Western steers, $4@'4 75; cows and
heifers. $3 40© 4 30: stocked and feeders, $3 70
©4 75: calves, $4 6005 80.
HOGS— Receipts 4000. Market s<?Hlc higher.
Heavy. $3 75(03 87%; light. $3 85(g>3 87%. bulk
of sales. $3 Ss@3 90.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2SOO. Market steady; fair
to choice natives. $3 80(£?4 SO; do Westerns, $3 60
! (54 40; common and stock sheep, S3 Bo@4 20;
lambs, $4 25(86.
M DENVER.
; DENVER. July 19. -CATTLE— Receipts, JOO.
Market quiet but steady. Beef «teer», S3 80®
j 4 40; cows, * 3 4; feeders, freight paid to river.
( $4ig4 40; stockers, freight paid to river, $4®
4 CO: bulls and stags, $2 50©3 25.
: HOGS— Receipts, 400. Market Bo higher.
Light packers, $3 75@3 80; mixed, $3 80@3 85;
I heavy, $3 80{r3 90. ' ,-.;- •
! SHEEP— Receipts 300. Market steady. Good
fat muttons, $3 30©4 25.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
■• LONDON. July 19.-Consols. 111%; Silver,
I 27Hd; French rentes, 103f 20c.
LIVERPOOL, July 19.— Wheat, steady; car
j goes oft coast, quiet and steady; cargoes on
passage, buyers and sellers apart; English
I country markets, quiet: French country mar
kets, weak; Liverpool Wheat. No. 1 California.
7@. 1 4s; Wheat In Parts, steady; Flour In Paris
I steady.
j COTTON— Uplands, 3 M6d.
CLOSE.
CORN— July, steady, 3s 2Hd; September,
steady. 3s 3%d; October, steady, 3s 4%d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, steady
9s 3d.
WHEAT— Futures closed steady; : July. 6s
7%d ; September, 5s 10* i d; December, 5s 7%d.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, July 19.— fourth series of the
Colonial wool sales closed to-day with a large
attendance of buyers present. The offerings
aggregated 6521 bales and consisted of a varied
selection, including fine greasy, which sold at
full rates. The general tone to the sale was
very firm. The total number of bales available
during the series was 265,500, .0f which 39,000
were carried over. Some 500 bales were taken
iby the American representatives. With the
I exception of low cross-breds, prices all around
j at the opening of the series showed an advance
lof about sd. During. the first week the prices
strengthened, with medium scoured and greasy
merinos selling 7%@10 per cent and fine cross
br>-ds 5 per. cent above the May series. The
strength was maintained throughout the sale,
with scoured locks and pieces showing the
greatest strength and advancing fully 10 per
cent on Continental demand. Following are
to-day's sales In detail:
New South Wales— 6oo bales, Bcoured, 84d@
Is 6'<, d; greasy, 6%®9%d.
Queensland— 6oo bales; scoured. Is B%d@ls 4d;
greasy, S@ll%d.
. Victoria— SCO bales; scoured, 6d@ls 6d; greasy,
i s?id@ls.
Tasmania — bales: greasy, s®Bd.
I New Zealand — bales; scoured, 7%d@ls Bd;
greasy, K*??&d.
i Cape of Good Hope and Natal — bales;
| scoured, S^d@ls 4d; greasy, 5%®7%d.
The fifth series is scheduled to open Septem
| ber 20, and the arrivals for this series will
j close September 12.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, July 19.— The general demand In
I the wool market ruled quiet, with no material
change. The call for quarter and three-eighths
j blood unwashed fleeces has revived again to
j some extent, the ruling prices being mostly at
21(g v 22c. Australian • wools are meeting with
i some sale at unchanged prices. Quotations:
Territory wools— Montana, fine medium and
■ fine, 16c; scoured, 45c; staple, 49c; Utah,
] Wyoming, etc., fine medium and fine, 14®15c;
scoured. 43@45c; staple, 4Sc.
Australian, scoured basis — Combing, super-
J fine, 70372 c; good, 65'g6sc; average, 62®65c;
Queensland combing, 65c.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, July 19.— Special cable and tele
graphic dispatches to Bradstreet's indicate the
following changes In available supplies last
Saturday, as compared with the preceding Sat
urday:
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease. 2.248.000 bushels; afloat
for and In Europe, decrease, 4,600.000 bushels;
! world's supplies, total decrease, G. 748,000 bush
i els.
| Corn United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 4,367.000 bushels.
| Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 1,391,000 bushels.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, July 19.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows
available cash balance, 9253,623,140; gold re
serve, $185,045,484.
PORTLAND' BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. July 19.— Exchanges, $303,
, 922; balances, $78,846. \ - s .
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., July Wheat— Walla
Walla, CO© 62c; valley and blue stem, 63®64c. '
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July 19.— Wheat easy and quiet;
club, 60c; blue stem. 63c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight $4 87
Sterling Exchange, 60 days 4 85V4
Sterling Cables 4 88
i New York Exchange, telegraphic. .. 17^4
, New York Exchange, sight 15
Fine Silver, per ounce 69Vi
I Mexican Dollars 46 46>-2
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are quiet and steady at
26s 3d, usual options. The chartered wheat fleet
In port has a registered tonnage of 10,700,
| against ■}.">, OOO on the same date last year;
disengaged, 18,300 tons, against 112.300; on the
way to this port, 215,000 tons, against 231,800.
WHEAT— Exports from this port In June
were 39,239 ctls, valued at $67,900, making total
exports for the crop year of . 1697-98 of 10,767,390
ctls. valued at $14,679,527. against 10,096.278 ctls,
at $13,030 525 for the preceding crop year.
The spot market continues in the same old
rut, with nothing doing. • Prices have not
' changed for weeks. The millers are the only
I buyers and are paying full figures. • Futures
showed more tone yesterday.
i Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 25@1 27V4; milling,
I $1 35<gl 45 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
. Second session— December— lo,ooo ctls II 28;
2000, 51 27%; 4000, 51 2SV4: 4000. $1 28%. -
Regular morning — December — 14 000
! ctls. $1 28^. /
Afternoon December— 2ooo ctls, $1 28%
i 26.000. $1 28V4. '
BARLEY— Trade continues dull at unchanged
prices.
; Feed, $1 20®l 22V4; Brewing. $1 So@l 35. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
I . Informal session— o'clock— No sales. ~.
Second session— No sales.
Regular morning session— December— €ooo ctls
. $121; 2000, $120% ; 2000, $121%.
i I Afternoon session — No sales.
OATS— There Is nothing going 'on. Even the
1 ordinary local consumptive demand seems to be
lacking. Fancy Feed, $1 32H@1 35 per ctl: good
1 to choice. $1 25@1 32H; common, $1 17»4@1 22iA-
Surprise, $1 32',4'5l 35; gray, $1 22Vs@l 25; mill
ing, $1 30<ffl 35 per ctl. ..
CORN— There are very few samples being
; shown at the moment and the market Is firm
Small round yellow. $1 30@l 35; Eastern large
: yellow. $1 07%: white, $1 05©l 07% ; mixed. $105
per ctl.
RYE— Dull and unchanged at , $1 20@l 25 per
° BUCKWHEAT— SI 75@1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFB.
FLOUR— extras, $4 65ig4 75! bakers'
I extras, $4 40@4 60 per bbl. .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are ; as fol
i lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
: Flour, $3 23 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100
1 Rice Flour $7: Commeal. $2 DO; extra cream
I Cornmeal. $3 25: Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat Groats
| $4 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 50: Buckwheat Flour si
<&4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75;. Farina $4*60-
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled Oats (bar
ley), $5 Ss®6 25: In sacks. $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $3: Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas $4 50
'■ per 100 lbs. ' ■■ - .■• ■ ■ . . . ..,. ... 'T ,
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
■ Receipts. of Hay fell off , sharply, being only
303 tons, and the market recovered its ' steadi
ness. . There ■ is a \ marked scarcity of . choice
grades, as the farmers are 'holding them back
and are shipping in only the medium and com
. mon - descriptions. Fine - wheat - Hay * would
. .-■■' •- .-.- ■: ........... / .1 . - ..■■■•»...-
easily bring fine prices, as there are orders
for It, but there is none coming In. A sample
car of compressed wheat and oats sold at M 7.
Feedstuffs are stiff and Bran has advanced
a dollar.
BRAN— $15 50JM6 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $20<g-22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $28 per ton.
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31(i?31 50; Jobbing
*325>32 60; Cocoanut Cake. $24®25; Cottonseed
Meal. $28@30 per ton; Cornmeal. $23(@~23 50;
, Cracked Corn, $24(g 1 24 60.
NEW HAY — Wheat, $18 Co@l9 for choice
and Sl7@lß for lower grades; Wheat and Oat,
j $16 E0@18; Oat. S^H 50; Wild Oat. $160116 50;
I Barley. $16; Island Barley, $14@16; Alfalfa,
$12 60@13; Clover. $13@14 50 per ton.
STRAW— 60@90c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
White Beans are firm and selling better,
though there is no advance. The other descrip
tions are dull. Seeds are unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 90@2 95: Small Whites,
$1 Win 90; Large Whites, $1 75@1 80; Pinks,
$2 60@2 75; Reds, $2 75@2 85; Blackeye. $333 25:
Butters, $1 80<g2; Llmas, $2 80@2 90; Pea. $1 90®
2; Red Kidneys, $2 605 2 70 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 50^5 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $4 fOIK; Flax, $2f?2 05; Ca
nary Seed, 2V t !a2\c per lb; Alfalfa. 3@6c; Rape,
2^(ff2%ic; Hemp, 2«iffi3c; Timothy, s@s^c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 75®2; Green, $2@2 10
per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
The market for Potatoes and Onions is easy
at the decline already noted. Vegetables are
in good supply and generally lower.
POTATOES— 50<g60c in sacks and 50@75c in
boxes for Early Rose and 50(g:66c in sacks and
60® 90c in boxes for Burbanks; Salinas Bur
banks, 76<i?S5c.
ONIONS— 3r.@soc per ctl for red and 65@80c
per ctl for yellow
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2c; String
Beans. 2® 1 4c per lb: Lima Beans, Be; Bay
Squash, bO'S'ac; Green Peppers, 50<g^5c for Chile
and $I@l 50 for Bell; Dried Peppers. s<g6c; Cab
bage. 50c per ctl; Carrots, 30@50c per sack; Bay
Cucumbers, 60<g"h>c; Vacavllle. Tomatoes, 50®
76c; Los Angeles. 75c<§'$1 per box; River Toma
toes. $1 50@2; Green Corn, 60c@$l per sack for
Vacavllle, $l@i 50 per crate for Alameda and
75@85c for Berkeley; Garlic. 2@3c per lb; Green
Okra, 50c@$l ; Egg Plant. 75c@l 23 per box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 26 lbe; sliced
desiccated. 16@lSc; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions. 60c; Carrots, old 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage. 30c; Sweet Potatoes. 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 60c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
More Eastern will probably be on the market
to-day. Local stock is fairly steady, except
young stock, which is lower.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13ffrMo for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens; young Turkeys, 17
©16c: Geese, per pair, 75c@$l ; Goslings, $1 25@
1 50; Ducks, $2 50@3 for old and $3@4 for young;
Hens, S4QS; Roosters, young, $5 SOlg^; Roos
ters, old, $4g4 50; Fryers, $4@4 50; Broilers.
K&'i 50 for large; $2 <g2 & .or small; Pigeons.
$1 25^»1 50 per dozen for young and $1 25 for old.
GAME — Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE ANG EGGS.
Fancy Creamery Butter Is fairly steady, but
seconds are very weak, and dealers make con
cessions to effect sales. Choice dairy goods are
steady.
Eggs are firm, and occasional sales of choice
ranch at 20c are being made.
Cheese is In lighter supply, and quotations
show a little improvement.
BUTTER— ■* ■ . '
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 20®21c; seconds,
18(g 19c. t
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 17@18c; common
grades, 15@16c.
Eastern — Ladle packed, 14®150 per lb;
Elgin, nominal. ■ ■■
CHEESE— mild new, 8®9o; old, 7@
7&c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young America,
BH^9Vic; Eastern, 32@13c.
ii,viGS— Ranch Eggs, 16@19c per dozen; store
Eggs, 12® 14c; Eastern, 13@16c; Duck Eggs,
16c. ■■•
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Melons continue to bring fancy prices.
Apricots sell up to full figures, and the can
ners apparently cannot get enough of them.
Peaches are dull and easy. Plums are steady
at the good prices. Figs are scarce. But few
Nectarines are seen. Grapes are unripe and
slow of sale. Berries are In light supply and
firm. Apples are In moderate supply and
steady.
Citrus Fruits are unchanged. Oranges are
scarce.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $3(&4 per chest for large and
$6®7 for small.
Royal Anne Cherries, 40@60c per box.
Figs, 35@50c per box for single and 50^750 for
double layers.
Cantaloupes, $5 per crate; Nutmegs. $2 GOO'S
per box; Watermelons, $10@25. per hundred. .
Huckleberries. &(g i l24c per lb.
Red Nectarines, $1(&1 25; White Nectarines,
40560 C per box.
Fontainebleau Grapes • from Vacavllle, 50c@
$1 25 per crate; Seedless White, Grape* from
Yuma, per crate ; ! Black Grapes; s 
Blackberries, $3<gs per chest. >. ?v •-•
Currants. $2«3 50 per chest.
Plums, 40@75c per crate and 25@650 per box.
Apricots, 40@75c per box and $40@65 per ton
in bulk.
Peaches, 40@S5c per box, 65@75c per basket.
Raspberries, $507 per chest. |
Apples, 40@60c for common, and 75c@$l 25 per
box for No. 1.
Crabapples, 35@50c per box.
Bartlett Pears, *I@l 25 per box and . $25@30
per ton. . ■
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranees, $2ig l 3;
Seedlings, 75c@$l; Lemons. $1 25'@.2 for ■ com
mon and $2 504i3 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes, $6; Bananas, $1 25<g2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
The Eastern markets are dull and easy, and
this market is inactive in sympathy, though
new Apricots are wanted at full figures.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 4*)4@
6c for 40-50' s. 4Vi<q44c for 50-60' s, 3%@4c for
60-70' a, 3Vti3U.c for 70-SO's, 2si'i?3c for 80-90' s, 2Vi
<g2»2C for 90-100' Peaches, 3@sc; fancy, SV4Q)
Cc; peeled, 10@12%c; new Apricots, B@9c for
Royals; old Apricots, 5@6 1( -c for Royals and
7@Sc for good to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, TViS'Sc: sun-dried, 4V4 '"-■ Black
Pigs, in sacks, 2®2>£c: Plums, 4Vs®4\c for
pitted ami l\4@lHc for unpltted; bleached
Plums, 6@sVtc; Nectarines, 4© 6c for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2H®44c for quarters and 3@5V-c
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— 2(S2Hc for two-crown. 2%@3c for
three-crown: S<i4(g3%c for four-crown, 4V»c for
Seedless Sultanas, 2*.c for Seedless Muscatels,
and $I@l 15 for London layers; dried Grapes,
2V4c.
Walnuts. 3@4c for hardshell. 4«6c for
soft shell: Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell, 6@70 for
softshell; B»£®9c for paper-shell: Peanuts, 4©
5Hc for Eastern and 4^c for California; Pe
cans, 6H^Bc; Filberts. 9".^ioc; Brazil Nuts'
B©'9c per lb; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, 9®loc for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades: water-white extracted. s&@
6c; light amber extracted. 4\@sV4c per lb.
I3EESWAX-24(g26c per Ib
PROVISIONS.
The Eastern markets for Pork products are
showing more strength. ' This market is dull
and unchanged.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 9e per . Ib for
heavy. 9He for light medium, 10c for light,
lie for extra light and 12iS12hic for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10%(§:ilc; Cali
fornia Hams, 94@10c: Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl
extra Mess Beef, til; Family Beef, $12; Salt
Pork, $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear
$17017 £0; mess, $16; Smoked Beef, 12@124c
per It). . •
LARD Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per rb
for compound and 8c . for pure; pails, B%c-
California tierces, 5Hc per It) for compound
and 7c for pure; half barrels, 7^c; 10-lb tins
8c; 5-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6H'3C%c: packages
.less than 300 Ibe— l-n> palls, 60 in a case 9M,c-
S-rb palls, 20 In a case, B%c; 5-Ib pails. 12 in a
case, SV»c; 10-It> pails, 6 In a case, 8%c;.60-Ib
tins, 1 or 2 In a case. ~%c; wooden buckets 20
lbs net, BV4c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7?ic; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c per It).
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
There Is a demand for jright shipping Wools,
but all other grades are neglected. Prices are
unchanged. Hops could be contracted at 10c,
but growers refuse .to let go at this figure!
The condition of the crop Is reported good,
though Borne damage was done here and there
by the hot wind of a fortnight ago.
Hides rule dull and weak.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and • brands Bell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10% c; medium, 9V4c; light, 9c; Cow
hides, 9@9V4c; Stags. Gc; salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, lCc; culls and brands'
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 13c; dry Calf, 18c"
Goatskins, 27 1 ». : <fi:!0o; medium, 30c; winter, 10c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15<ii2, r ic each; short wool,
30@40c each; medium,. GOiiiSOc; long wool 90c@
$1 10 each; Horsehldes, salt, $2@2 50 for large
and $l<iil 50 for small; Colts, 50c; Horsehldes
dry, $1 i>o©2 for large and $1 for small* Colts
50c. • .■:■.:■
TALLOW— 1 rendered, 3»4c per ID; No "2
2%c; refined. 4H@4?ic: Grease, 2c . ;
WOOL— Fall clips. Southern Mountain. 7@loc
free Northern, 9*2 12 c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9@llc; San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months", 8@10c; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12W14c; do, defective, , 10@12c
Middle county, 13@16c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 15©17 c: Nevada, 10@l4c; Eastern Oregon
10(^12c; Valley Oregon, 15@17c. .
: HOPS— IS 97 crop, 9©12% c per It). .
SAN FRANCISCO , MEAT MARKET.
• There are plenty of Hogs coming In and the
market Is accordingly easy. The other descrip
tions are unchanged. '/ % "
■ Wholesale rates for dressed ; stock from
slaughterers are as follows: , ,
BEEF— First quality, 6Hc; second quality,
SH«T6c; third quality. 4U@5V4c.
■ VEAL— Large, 4(gr.c; small, 6®7c per It). ' ■ -
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%@Sc; Ewes, 7®7%c
per It). •■ ■■■■■-'■ •
LAMB— B@BHc per It).
PORK— Hogs, 4V4@4%c for large. Be for
medium and '4U@4V4c for small; stock Hogs,
2@3%c; dressed Hogs, 6@7%c. ; ' :•;'
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
• BAGS — Calcutta Grain. Bags are weak at 4%©
4T4c; Wool Bags, nominal; Ban Quentln. $4 85. I
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton: New *■; Wei
llngton, $8; Southfield Wellington. $7 60: Seat
tle, $6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend.
■ $7 50; Cumberland. $10 25 In bulk and $11 50 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
*7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
: sacks. : ■-■
I CORDAGE— 10% c; Sisal, lOVio basis. !
CANNED FRUITS— White Cherries, $1 Eo@
I 1 60; Peaches, $1 1001 20; . Pears, ; Apri
j cots. $i®i 10. :
, CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas. 75@S5c; To
matops, 80c. i
! COFFEE— Rica — 14V4<S16c for prime
; washed, 13V4@14c for good washed, 14H®16c for
; good Ito prime washed peaberry, 12%@14c for
! good peaberry, llVi«l3%c for good to prime,
10V2@llc for good current mixed with black
beans, 9@loV«c for fair, 6@Sc for common to or
dinary. Salvador— lHi<j?l4Vac for good to prime
washed. 10@llc for fair washed, 12%014c for
good to prime washed peaberry; B%ti9%c for
superior unwashed, B%@SV4c for good green
unwashed. ll%(g:ilVic for good to prime un
washed peaberry. Nicaragua— for good to
superior unwashed, ll@ll%c for good to prime
I unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican—
i 16@17c for prime to fancy washed. 14@15c for
good to strictly good washed, 10@lSc for fair
washed. 7%@9Vic for medium. 6@7c for inferior
to ordinary, 14@>l6c for good to prime washed
peaberry, mail^c for food unwashed, pea
berry. S%<g9%c for good to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, 4c; cases, se
lected, 4%c; imitation Eastern, BVlc; boneless,
6%c; strips. 6%@7V4c; blocks. si<i@7c; tablets,
7%c; middles, 6H@B^c per lb; desiccated, 87V£c
per dozen; pickled cod. barrels, each, $8;
pickled cod, half barrels, each, $4 50.
OIL, — California Castor Oil. cases. No. 1. 95c;
barrels. 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates);
Linseed Oil in barrels, boiled, 46c; raw, 44c;
cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained,
barrels, 56c; No. 1, 46c; cases, 5c more; China
Nut, 49<g>56c per gallon; Pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels, 65c; cases, 70c: No. 1, barrels, 55c; cases,
60c; Sperm, crude. 60c;. natural white, 80c;
bleached white, 45c; Whale Oil. natural white,
40c; bleached white, 45c; Pacific Rubber Mixed
Paints, white and house colors, $1 25@1 35 per
gallon: wagon colors, $2@2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil. in bulk, ll%c
per gallon; Pearl Oil, in cases, 17c; Astral Oil,
17c; Star Oil. 17c; Extra Star OH, 21c; Elaine
Oil, 22c; Eocene Oil. 19c; Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, In bulk, 12c; Deodorized Stove Gaso
i line, in cases, 17Hc; 63 degree Naphtha, In bulk,
ll^c; 63 degree Naphtha, in cases, 16^c; 86 de
gree Gasoline. In bulk, 20c; 86 degree Gasoline,
In cases, 25c.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles— 16 oz.
7>-ze: 6s, 14 oz, 6V4c; 6s. 12 oz. 54c; 6s, 10 oz.
4%c; Granite (Mining) Candles— 6s. 16 oz, B%c;
6s, 14 oz, 7%c; 6s. 12 oz. 7V4c; 6s, 10 oz, 6^c;
Parafflne Wax Candles— ls, 2s. 4s, 6s, 12s,
white. Sc: colored, 9c.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6@7c per Ib.
TURPENTINE— In cases. 45c; In iron bar
rels, 40c: in wooden barrels, 42c per gallon.
LUCOL— ■ barrels, 41c; raw, barrels,
39c; cases, 6o more.
QUICKSILVER— S42 50if?43 per flask.
LEATHER— SoIe Leather, heavy, 25@28c per
lb; do, medium, 2-t@2sc; do, light, 23@23c;
Rough Leather, heavy, 24©25 c: do, light, 23®
24c; Harness Leather, heavy, 30@36c; do, me
dium, 27@30c; do, light, 26@2Sc; Collar Leather.
i 14@15c per foot; Kips, finished, 40<0'45c per lb;
Veal, finished, 60«f5Sc; Calf, finished. 75e@$l;
Sides, finished, 16@17c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits. 14@16c per lb; Rough Splits. B@loc.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crashed
and Fine Crushed, 7c: Powdered, (iVsc: Candy I
Granulated. 6c; Dry Granulated. 6%c: Confec
tioners' A. 5%c: Magnolia A. 5Hc; Extra C.
5%c: Golden C, 5%c; California A, h%c per Ib;
half barrels, ?ic more than barrels, and boxes
He more.
* . LUMBER, ETC.
POSTS— lo<fl2c each for No. I, and B®Be for
No. 2.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes. $17@18 50; extra ' sizes, higher;
Redwood— for No. 1 and $16018 for No. 2;
Lath, 4 feet, $2 40#2 BO; Pickets. $17; Shingles.
$1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy; Rustic,
$21@26. : _ ■
THE STOCK MARKET.
The mining stock market continues In the
dumps at the low prices.
A ppeolal meeting of the stockholders of the
Union Consolidated Mining Company has been
called for September 21, for the purpose of au
thorizing a reduction of the capital stock from
100,000 shares of the par value of JIOO per share
to 100,000 shares of the par value of 12 50 per
share. This Is the first company to make
this move and the others are expected to fol
low.
Local securities wrre moderately active and
prices showed no material change.
The Potosl and Alta assessments fall delin
quent In office to-day.
The Oceanic Steamship Company has de
clared a monthly dividend of 60 cents per
share, payable August 1.
The Fireman's Fund Insurance Company has
declared a rpgular quarterly dividend of $3 per
share, payable to-day.
At the annual meeting of the Union Consol
idated Minim? Company the following resolu
tion was unanimously adopted:
"Resolved, That the president of the Board
of Directors of the Union Consolidated Silver
Mining: Company be, and he Is hereby author
ized and directed to appoint a committee of
members of thu board, of which he shall be
one. for the purpose of bringing to the atten
tion of all the corporations owning mines upon
the Comstock lode, the necessity of pumping
out the water from such mines below the Su
tro tunnel level, and keeping them drained,
and the resumption of deep mining; and be It
further
"Resolved, That said committee secure the
co-operation of all the said corporations,
through committees of their boards of direc
tors, so that a report can be secured as soon
as possible from the superintendents of the
mines as to the practicability of the proposed
work, the means to be used therefor, and the
probable cost of the same."
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. July 19—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 62H 62V4
Is quar coup.. llo 111 Pac Gas Imp.. — 85^i
4s quar reg...lo9^lloVj Pac L Co 49^4 60 &
Is quar new. ..12* 125 3 F G & E... 85% —
Miscellaneous — San Fran .... — Z%
Cal-st Cab 55. 112 — iftock Gas 13 —
Cai XI as 125 — i Insurance—
C C Wat 55... 96 100 Firem's Fund. l9o —
pup-st ex c... — 98% I Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65.. 128 130 Anglo-Cal .... 55 65
F&CI Ry 65. 113 114 Bank of Ca1..242 —
Ueary-st R ss. — 100 I'al S D & T.. 96\ 93
ti C& S 5H5..100 105 First Nat 200 —
L A L Co 6s. — 100 Urn P & A....127\4 —
Do gntd 65.. — lOlVi Mer Exchenge 10 15
Market-st 65.. 124 — Nev Nat 8.... — 185
Do Ist M 85..114 — Savings Banks
eat Yin 6s lsts — 97% Ocr S & L.. — 1650
NCNG Ry 75.103 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 65.. 108 — Mutual Say. — 42^
N Ry Cal 55.. 102 102H S F Say U.. 480 —
NPC R R 65.100 102>* R& L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas 5s 100 — Security SB.— 300
Do 2d is 55..105V410»H Union T Co. looo —
Om Ry 6s 126 — Street Railroad—
P & O 6s 107 — California .... — 108
P &Cl Ry 65.102%103»4 Geary 40 —
Powell-st 6H...U9 — Market-st 63H 63V4,
Reno WL&L..IOO — Presidio — 8
Pac Elecßyss.loo — Powder—
F F & N P 55.10G%106% California ....120 150
EierraßCal 6s. — 103 E Dynamite... 85 92
BPof Ar 68..103H — Giant Con Co. 47 47Vi
5 P Cal 6s — 113 Vlgorlt 3 3^4
SPC Is eg 65.. 94 — Miscellaneous —
6 P Br 6s 113HH5H Al Pac Assn.. 93\ 94<*
P V Wat 65...117 Vi — Hana P C 0.... 15% —
B V Wat 45...102Vfe — Ger Ld Wkg..Uo —
6tock Gas 65.. 100 — HC & S Co.. 22% 23
Water Stocks— Hutch S P Co. 50 60ty
Contra Costa.. — 54 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Marln C" 50 — Nat Vln C 0... — 7
Spring Valley. 98% 98\ lOceanic S Co. 55 6514
Gas & Electric— Pac A F L.... l\ 2Vi
Ont Gaslight. los — Pao Bot C 0....100. ...100 104
Mutual El Co. — 11% I Par Paint Co. 7 —
Morning Session.
20 California Safe Deposit 97 00
26 Giant Powder Con 47 00
50 do do s 3 47 121*
100 Hana Plnntatlon Co 15 25
250 Hutchlnson S P Co 50 00
5 Oakland Gas 52 00
25 Spring Valley Water 9S 50
3000 S P of A Bonds 103 75
Street—
10 Nevada National Bank 158 00
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 00
Afternoon Session
45 Alaska Packers' Association 94 00
26 Giant Powder Con 47 00
60 Market-street Railway 63 25
6 Oceanic Steamship Co 65 00
60 Spring Valley Water 9S 50
Street—
100 Market-street Railway 63 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
60 Vlgorlt Powder 8 12V4
10 Hutchlnson S P Co 50 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Con Cal & Va.. 33 200 Potosi 15
100 Crown Point ... 04 50 Standard 140
200 Mexican 09 VX) Union Con 16
Afternoon Session
100 Best & Belcher. 18 1500 Bullion 04
100 Con Cal & Va.. 36 200 Alta 09
200 Sierra Nevada.. 47 1100 Caledonia 20
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, July 19—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 03 Justice 04 05
Alta 08 10 Kentuck 03 04
Andes 05 06 Lady Wash ... — 02
Belcher 09 11 Mexican 10 11
Best & Belcher 17 18 Occidental 53 —
Bullion 03 04 Ophir 17 IS
Caledonia 17 21 Overman 03 05
Chollar 16 IS Potosi 15 17
Challenge Con. 13 14 Savage 11 12
Confidence 19 22 Beg Helcher ... 03 05
Con Cal & Va. 39 40 Scorpion 01 —
Con Imperial.. — 03 Sierra Nevada. 46 4S
Drown Point ... 04 05 Silver Hill .... 03 05
Con New York. — 03 Syndicate — 03
Eureka Con .. — 20 Standard 140 150
Exchequer — 03 I'nion Con 17 20
Gould & Curry. 07 OS Utah 02 04
Hale & Norcrs. 46 — Yellow Jacket. 09 10
Julia — 02
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Sarah E. and O. T. Blakey to Sophie S. Simp-
! son (wife of A. M.), lot on N line of Pacific j
avenue, 72:6 W of Octavia, W 65 by N 137:6; $10. !
. Charles H. Waterman to Mary E. Waterman.
lot on N line of Union street, 30 E of Pierce, b 1
I 27:8 by N 100; gift.
Mary E. Waterman to Charles H. Waterman,
I lot on N line of Union street, 57:6 E of Pierce, |
• E 26:3 by N 100: gift.
! Jemima Webster -,t a!, to H. Julius Conradt.
lot on N line of Turk street, 87:6 W of Pierce, !
W 25 by N 137:6; $1515.
Patrick W. RiorUan to the Roman Catholic \
! Archbishop of San Francisco (religious cor-
I poration), lot on NE corner of Devisadero and
> Francisco streets, N 175 by E 100 (and 31 other
j descriptions); f 10.
; John Larkln to John W. McDonald, let on
; N line cf Garden avenue- 100 W of Devisadero
■ street, W 25 by N 45; JCjO.
Daniel ami Ellen Einstein to A. Josephine
! Given*, lot on W line of Lyon street, 80 S of ;
j Oak. S S by W 95; $10.
Ray T. Spencer (by A. M. Hill, attorney) to
I Charles Page, lot en N line of Page street,
I £.6:3 E of Shroder, E 25 by N 100 1 quit-claim
i clepil): 18.
Mif-hael J. or.ri Jnhannah Welsh (by Frank
lin K. Lane, commissioner) to F. W. If.
Lange. lot en SE corner of Wlllard and Carl ;
streets, E 3u by a lwj; $1870.
! !■ . \> . M. ana Kmilie Lange to Diamond '
'• Heal Estate and Investment Company, earae; i
$10.
Thomas E. Flynn to Garret W. McEnerney. !
let on W line of Valencia Ftreet. 312:6 N of I
j Sixteenth. N 32:0 by W 90: U
I Simon L. and Jennie Goldberg to Henry E«- i
berg, lot on J-W corner of Folsom street and
Volney alley, SW 57:6 by SE SO: SCCOO.
James R. Kelly and Julius ('. Rels ( trustees)
to Jennie Maybell, lot en SE line of Clary
street, 160 NE of Sixth, NE 16:10% by SE 75;
[ $1.
I Emeline C. Cole (wife of Edward F.) to Er
nest C. Bonner, lot on W line of Twenty-first
avenue, 150 N of California street, N DO by W
120: $10.
Mary A. Daley to Mary Koster (wife of
Henry), lot on N line of Rutledge street, 255
E of Alabama. E 25 by N 100, Precita Valley
lots 204 and 205; SsO<l.
Lucas Harvey to Andrew Duff, lot on E cor
ner of Persia and Lisbon streets, NE 100 by
. SE 50, lot 4, block 2S, Excelsior Homestead, re
record ; $575.
Andrew Duff to Solomon Getz. same: $500.
Market and Stanyan Streets and Golden Gate
Park Land and Improvement Co. to Charles
Rukoff. lot on E line of Stanyan street, 75 S
of Alma. S 2f. by E 100, lot 4, block 2, subdi
vision 1, Clarendon Heights; $10.
Alameda County.
Charles and Annie E. D. Franek to Hlbernla
Savings and Loan Society, lot on N line of
Seventh street. 13d:S E of Willow, E 25 by N
156. block 52fi, Oakland: $1549.
John Mallett et al. (by commissioner) to Ger
man Pavings and Loan Society, lot on N line
of Taylor street. ISO E of Wood. E 50 by N
106:6, block 394. Oakland: $177fi.
L. J. and O. A. Rudolph to Pora Gutzman
(wife of William H.). lot on S line of Dwlght
Way. 40 E of Dwinelle street. E 40 by S 127.
! being lot 2, block 1, Case Tract, Berkeley;
I $1000.
William T. Valentine to Thomas White, lots
13 and 14, block 37, lands adjacent to Enclnal,
Alameda: $3000.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to W.
D. Heaton. lot 141. In plat 13. Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland Township: $66.
John F. and M. G. Kessing to Warren D.
Heaton. lot S, In plat 2?, same, Oakland Town-
I ship: $27<*).
William H. and Emily J. Stewart to Am
brose X. Halnes, lot 4, block 2, Herzog Tract,
Oakland Annex: $10.
John and Regina Gelser to Anna Schrelber,
lots 12 to 15, block 29, of Smiths subdivision
Mathews Tract. Berkeley; $1200.
Walter B. Blair to Alameda Land Company,
lot on NE corner of Clinton avenue and Chest
nut street, E 100 by N 150. block N, lands ad
jacent to Encinal, Alameda; $3000.
» ♦ ■
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday. July 19.
Flour, qr ska ... 2,480 Wool, bales 63
Barley, ctls 1,960 Pelts, bdls 497 I
Cheese, ctls ' 13 ' Hides, no 620
Butter, ctls 233 , Eggs, doz 14.250
Potatoes, sks ... 2,640 1 Quicksilver, flsk. 104
Onions, sks 485 1 Leather, rolls ... 295
Bran, sks 30 I Wine, gala ...... 22.100
Middlings, sks .. : 100 Lime, bbls 240
Hay, tons ' 803 Powder, cs 7
•« ♦ ■
Slam has 250,000 square miles, about the
area of North and South Dakota, with
Minnesota added.
I .
THE CALL CALENDER.
July, lE9S.
Moon't PhMM.
©Full Mooa.
July 3
4
11
-jO-Laat Quarter.
<& July 10.
its. New Moon,
W July 18.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. JULY 20.
Sun rises 5:02
Sun sets 7:29
Moon sets 8:19 p. m.
0:
1:
2
3:
6:
1"!
6:'
7:!
8:i
9::
6:19
[ W
1:50
2:15
2:42
3:H
3:52
4:36
7:05
7:54
8:47
9:41
I 10:48
i 11:56
2.6
2.3
1.9
1.5
1.1
0.7
1.
2.:
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
band column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right .iand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign <— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Js the mean of the lower low waters.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Treasury Department. Office of the Lighthouse
Board. Washington. D. C. July 12. 189S:
Tillamook Head Light Station— Notice Is
herehy given that on July I. IS9S. the pounding
of the fog siren at this station, on Tillamook
Rock, off the seacoast of Oregon, was tem
porarily discontinued, for repairs to the ma
chinery. The sounding of the siren will be
resumed, during thick or foggy weather, after
July 30, 1898.
This notice affects the "List of Lights and
: Fog Signals, Pacific Coast. 1597," page 2ft. No.
I 1044. and the "List of Beacons and Buoys, Pa
cific Coast, 1597." page SS.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
RCSH R. WALLACE.
Commodore. U. g. Navy, Chairman.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
| State California Portland- July 20
'■ Santa Rosa..... San Diego July 20
Chllkat... iHumboldt July 20
] Bristol Comox July 20
! Arizona Tacoma ... July 21
Queen...........: Victoria & Puget Sound July 21
Crescent City.. Crescent City '. July 21
t North Fork Humboldt :. July 22
I Coos Bay....... Newport July 22
i Area In Coos Hay .....' July 22
Orizaba.. Humboldt July 23
"Wellington Departure Bay July 23
Washtenaw Tacoma July 23
Columbia. 'Portland July 24
Pomona .....[nan Diego I July 24
Fulton.. ......... Portland; July 24
Tltanla ......... Nanalmo '. July 25
I^eelanaw ... St. Michael July 25
Tlllamook St. Michael July 25
Humboldt ...:.. St. Michael July 25
Walla Walla... I Victoria & Puget Sound July 26
Homer Newport ; July 26
Aztec China and Japan IJuly 26
Marlnosa........|Sydney .■........:.; July 27
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Hompr Newport July 20 9 amPler 11
TJmatllla ..IVlc & Pet SJ. July 20. 10 am!Pler i
NewburK ..jHumbolat July 21, Sam Pier i
Rnnta RosaiSan Dleso July 22, 11 ami Pier 11
State of Cal Portland July 22. 10 amPler 12
! Chilkat ....IHumboldt .... July 22. 9am Pier 13
i Arcata ICoos Bay July 23, 10 amlPier 13
Coos Bay... 'Newport July 24. !> am; Pier 11
! Queen |Vlc & Pgt Sd. July 2:.. 10 am Pier 9
1 Orlznba iHumholdt July 2. 10 am Pier 9
North ForkiHumboidt ...'July 26. 9 amlPier I
Columbia ..'Portland [July 26. in am: Pier 12 i
Pomona I San D1ex0.... j.Tuly 2fi. 11 amPler 11
Fulton lOregon Ports, i July 26. !
' Gnelic |ChlnaAJap.in!July 2". 1 pm PMSS
TIME BALL.
! Branch Hyflragraphlc Office, U. S. N., Mer- |
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, July
20, 189 K.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry i
i building was dropped at exactly noon to-day— :
; I. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
, p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHARLES P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired). U. S. N.. In charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydroßrnphtc
Office, located In the Merchants' Kxchange. la
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense. ,
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new terry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
reived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Islond. Cal.
A notice statin? whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, If any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.^
Enslen (retired). V.' S. N.. in charge.
LHIITIXG INTELLIGENCE. -_
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, July IS.
Nor stmr Urd. Hansen. 26 <lavs from Kobe,
via Yokohama 21 days.
Stmr Macinaw, Littlefleld. 80 hours from Ta-
CC^ r state of California. Thomas, 47*4 hour*
from Portland, via Astoria 39-£ hours.
Stmr Seuola, Thwlng. 15% hours from Fort
Bark Gatherer, Stokkbye, 9 days from Ta-
Cr prhr La Chilena. Matsen. 9 hours from Fort
R p*hr Kcdiak. Thomas, 10H days from Ka "
diak.
CLEARED.
Tuesday. July IS.
Stmr Curacao. Yon Helms. Guaymas. via Ban
Pedro; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Ptmr rmatllla. Cousins, \ ictoria ana i-ort
Townsend: Goodall. Perkins & Co. ,-.„„
Stmr Homer. .lessen, San Pedro: GoodaJl.
Sohr John G North, Anderson. HonoJpu; Hind,
Rolph & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, July IS.
Stmr Pennsylvania, Daxrud, Manila, via Hon
olulu.
Stmr Orizaba. Parsons, Eureka.
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms. Guaymaa, etc.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Whltesboro, Johnson.
Stmr Sunol, Dettmers.
Schr John G North. Anderson, Honlupu.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, Bowena Land
ing.
Schr Gem, Nelson, Coos Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— JuIy 19—10 p. m.— Weather,
foggy; -wind, SW: velocity, lfi mile".
CHARTERS.
The Alden Bes?e and S G Wilder load mdw
for Honolulu: Annie Johnson, mdse, for Hllo.
The Bllythswood loads lumber on the Sound
for Cape Town, "ns; C S Holmes, lumber at
Port Blakeley for Honolulu; Gladys, lumber
at a British Columbian port for Australia.
MISCELLANEOUS..
Per Nor stmr UM— The first three d<--s out
from Yokohama passed through a considerable
quantity of lumber and timber.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 18— Stmr Samoa,
from St Mlchi eL ___ _
PORT BL^ "ELEY— Arrived July 18— Schr C
S Holmes, from Pan
PORT TO WNSEN'D- Arrived July 19— Schr
Dear Bluhm. from St Michael.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 19— Bark
Vidette, from San Pedro.
T4TOOSH— Passed July 18— Stmr Washtenaw
from Taeoma. for San Francisco.
WESTPORT— SaiIed July 19— Stmr Alcatraz,
"EUREKA— Palled July 19— Bchr Twilight, for
San Pedro: schr jjizzie Vance, for Honolulu ;
stmr Chilkat. for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 19— Stmr Arcata,
hence July 16.
TATOOSH— Passed July 19— Stmr supposed to
be the Roanoke. from St Michael for Seattle.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 19— Schr Metha Nel
son, hence July 3; bark Gerrnanla, from Port
Townsend.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE— PaIIed July 18— Br ship Fhllo
mene, for Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SAlGON— Sailed July 15— Br s.ilp Lord Kln
nalrd, for Oregon.
SWANSEA— SaiIed July 16— Ft bark Louis
Pasteur, for San Francisco.
ANTWERP— Arrived July 16— Br ship Roby,
from Oregon.
CALLAO— Arrived May 27— Br bark La Es
coopsa. hence March 14.
COLON— Arrived July 17— Stmr Advance, frm
New York.
FALMOUTH— Arrived July 17— Br ship Auck
land, from Oregon.
Arrived July 18 — Br ship King George, from
Taeoma: Br ship MacMlUan, from Oregon.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed July 19— Br shir. Lao
mene. for Bristol.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed July 19— Ship Marlon
Chllcoot. for Baltimore.
GRlMSßY— Arrived July 18— Br ship Glen
flnart. hence Feb 17.
LIMERICK- Arrived July 18— Fr bark 'Wind
rush, from Oreeon.
PRAWLE POlNT— Passed July 18— Br ship
Orealla. hence March 3 f nr Queenstown.
OCZA2T TBAVjSX*
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Mprv Steamers ' leave Broadway
1 V\ft ifc. wharf, San Francisco.
I WMsBWb- For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
1 sV*vsw9^ July •'■ 10 15. 20. 25. 30, August
'! EakßnPl\S^ *< transfer at Seattle.
! " b^d£9Q jKI For Alaskan ports (from
5 BMaZ^^S^j Folsom-streef wharf >. 10 a. m..
1 f^tßsv33& July 17, August. 4, 25, transfer
at Portland. Or.
For .Victoria. Vancouver (B.
C■> Port Townsend. Seattle. Taeoma, Everett.
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a.
m. July 5 10, 15, 20, 25. SO, August. 4. and every
! fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry.. at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at \ ancouver
with Eureka^ (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m.,
July 1. 7. 13. 19. 25. 31. August 6. and every
sixth day thereafter. »
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblsr-o).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., July 4. 8. 12. 16. 20, 24. 28.
August 1. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo>. Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11
a m.. July 2. 6. 10. 14, 18, 22. 26. 30, August S.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. July 19.
! August 14.
For further Information obtain folder. < ■ . .
The company reserves the right to chang*
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
! and hnurs of sailing.
, TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco. I
— : ■ -..-.,'- :
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
MBPATCH VAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folaom-etreet Wharf at 10 a. m. |
CAQC $12 First Class Including Bert*
IMiiL 88, Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: .
Columbia July 2. 10. IS, M
I State of California -July 6, 14. 2! 30
I St. Paul $16 00 St. Louis $31 Oi)
Kansas City 26 00 Chicago .......... 37 50
Omaha * '.. 16 00 New York 31 W
E. C. WARD, General Agent. •
630 Market St.
OOODALL. PERKINS tfnd CO..
; Compagnie Generate Transatlantic*.
French Use to Havre.
Cnmnanv's Pier (new), 42 North f^a>
Hive? foot of Morton st. Travelers <fg|f*>
by this line avoid both transit by^*****"
i English railway and the discomfort of crossing
' the i ihannel in a small boat. New York to .
j Alexandria Egypt, via Paris, first class, $160;
I \ TNAVARRE 16 :. July 23. 10 a.m.
! LA GAPCOGNE • .July 30, 10 a. m.
: TOURAINB Aug. *■ 10 a. m.
I x a -RRETAOXE Aug. 13. 10 a. m. •
LA NORMANDIE -Aug. 20. 10 a. m.
1 For further particulars apply to
I COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. A^ent. Bow , |ng . Oreeßf New York.
J F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 6 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco. -
"anchor line
United States Mail Steamships A\r
Sail from New York every Saturday for
Glasgow via Londonderry. ■
Rates for Saloon Passage— City of Rome, $60;
other steamers. $50. • , .'
Second Cabin— Rome, $4750; Furnessia $37 50-
other steamers, $35.
Steerage Passage— Rome. $25 50; Furnessia.
; $24 50: other steamers, $23 80. •
For Book of Tours and information, apply to
' HENDERSON BROTHERS. General Agents 7
i Bowling Green. New York; or J. F. FUGAZI
j 5 Montgomery st. or L. F. COCKROFT 114
I Montgomery st. ; or R. R. RITCHIE, 2 New
Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
fSßlflSgjlA The S. S. MARIPOSA.
g|fllill^^v«a d Honolulu and
7fc Auckland for Sydney
&3 >. Wednesday, August 10.
O*r L*~^ Dk^^sS°°i°^
®HSSn ™™ A°--Ma LGA a^
(Ofnß3Rti* CAPE TOWN. South
\_»i r**i*\4 Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery st.
| Freight office— 327- Market St.. San Francisco. •
FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
Mon.. Tues.. Wed..- Thurs. and Sat • ; ■
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. fhuri )
Fridays ....... ..;......... i p. m . and S:3O p. ii'
Sundays ......;........ ;...in:3o a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock, Pier $.
Telephone Red 2241.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
ACROSS LIFE'S
BAR TO SEA
Captain James Johnson
Passes Away.
MILLIONAIRE SHIP OWNER
CARRIED MATERIAL FOR THE
RAILROAD.
Died After Three Months of Suf
fering, Surrounded by His
Large Family of
Children.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July IS.
James Johnson, the millionaire ship
owner and commission merchant of San
Francisco, died at his home on Claremont
avenue, Temesca.l, last night, after a
three months' illness. He leaves a widow
and eleven children to mourn his depar
ture. Death has been anticipated for the
past week, and all of the children have
been at home, doing all that could be sug
ested to ease his declining hours. Death
was due to heart trouble.
Captain Johnson was a native of Den
mark, aged 62 years. He early entered
upon a seaman's life, and served as quar
termaster upon vessels plying between his
native land and Central and South Ameri
can ports. In 1v",2 he came to California
and began running schooners upon the
Sacramento River. This was before the
Central Pacific Railroad was constructed,
lit- was engaged for eighteen months in
delivering railroad material at Sacra
mento.
In 1870 he moved to Rio Vista and form
ed a partnership with the man with whom
he has ever since been associated,
Mr Emigh. Besides owning four schoon
ers, th<\v opened a warehouse and lumber
business. whl<~h they conducted until ISB9.
The year before that Mr. Johnson moved
to San Francisco and opened an office,
a, general shipping .commission and
Insure when Mr. Emigh
Hold out the warehouse and lumber busi
he Jolne- his partner in San Fran-
Here they acquired several more vessels
THE VALLEY
ROAD QUITE
PROSPEROUS
Annual Reports to the
Directors.
SAME OFFICERS RE-ELECTED
810 IMPROVEMENTS . MADE
: DUEING THE YEAR.
An Active, Progressive Policy Will
Be Continued by the Managing
Board — Some Interesting
Facts.
The annual meeting of the trustees and
directors of the Valley road was held yes
terday by the former for the purpose of
electing officers for the ensuing year, and
by the latter to receive the annual re
ports of Chief Engineer Storey and Sec
retary Mackte.
The trustees re-elected the present
board Jn its entirety to hold office for an
other year. The affairs of the Valley
road will again be under the control of
the following: President, Claus Spreck
els; first vice president, Robert Watt;
second vice president. Captain A. H.
Payson; secretary, Alexander Mackie;
counsel. E. F. Preston. The remaining
directors are: John D. Spreck<*ls, J. B.
Stetson, Charles Holbrook, Leon Sloss.
Alvinza Hayward, Isaac Upham, Thomas
Magee and James A. Hooper.
The financial report shows that the
road Is In a very flourishing condition.
It is two years since the Valley road has
been in operation and the profits of this
year's management show a large increase
over the net gains of last year. The ex
penses have been great, owing to the
vast amount of construction under way;
yet. with all the difficulties which the
road has met In its manipulation,- the
financial sheets show a considerable net
profit.
The report of Chief Engineer Storey for
the year shows the extensive improve
ments made and the present status of tho
road in regard to constructions along the
different lines. During the year the final
selection for the road between Point
Richmond and Stockton was made. This
runs west from Stockton across the tule
marshes to the uplands on the west side,
then northwest, passing through a strip
of producing country to Antioch, where
It passes along the water front from that
point parallel to Bay Point. It then runs
south of that line to Pacheco, landing
at the head of the Pacheco Slough, from
which point it climbs the grade to Frank
lin tunnel, back of Martinez. From that
point it descends along Rodeo Creek,
crossing Pinole Creek, and then
runs parallel to the Southern Pacific
lino at a distance of about one-quarter
mile east to San Pablo station. Crossing
the Southern Pacific road at that point it
runs to Point Richmond.
In the San Joaquin Valley all rights
of way have been secured. On the line
from Stockton to Point Richmond a large
number of the rights of way have been
obtained, more particularly where the
heavy work of the road is being carried
out. Negotiations have been pending for
the balance.
During the year the line was complete!
to Visalia and Bakersfleld, and the heavy
grading from Visalia through Tulare to
a Junction with the line south from Han
ford is very nearly completed. Nearly
all the necessary buildings on the line as
far south as Hanford and on the line to
Visalia are finished. Work is progressing
on the line from Hanford to Bakersfleld.
A great amount of ballasting has been
done between Stockton and Fresno, over
forty-eight miles of this work having
been completed .during the year.
On the line from Stockton to Point
Richmond the heavy portions of the work
have been covered, especially on the
Franklin tunnel. On this work the ap
proaches have been taken out and con
tracts let for tunneling. Satisfactory
progress has been made on both ends of
the Franklin bore. Contracts have been
let or road i WO <K. six mile* on each end
of the tunnel, with the purpose of having
all work outside the tunneling completed
when that Is finished. Work has also
been started on the unreclaimed tule
land west of Stockton. Three largo dredir-
Extensions on the road southward will
Extensions on the road southward will
be followed as fast as possible by opening
the line for business. On September iff
3897, the operation of the roacf to Visalia
was begun. On January 1, 1898 the on
tire line to Bakersfleld . opened for bus I
neiia, bo that now there Is a daily p»g.
and Interests in many more. The two
coast vessels are the Seven Sisters and
Five Brothers, the number of his children
of each sex. He was interested in the
schooner St. Thomas, schooner Monte
jsuma bark Harvester, bark Snow & Bur
gess, steel schooner Honolulu and
schooner Queen. He was also president
of the firm of J. F. Cunningham & Co.
He owned considerable country, property
also.
James Johnson Jr., the oldest son of the
deceased, who was a well known young
man in San Francisco and this city, died
in 1895. The other members of the family,
all of whom have been at the home resi
dence for the past six weeks are: Otto J.
Johnson, a Stockton steamer pilot: Mrs.
Albert Gruninger. San Francisco; William
Johnson, Oakland; Mrs. P. G. Wright
Oakland; Mrs. F. R. Woolsey, Berkeley:'
Catherine M Selma L.. Julia U.. Dag
man A. and George W. Johnson.
« til d f c . ease d was a firm Republican all
of his life and took considerable inter
est in politics, but would never accept
an office or nomination for one. He was a
past master of Rio Vista Lodge No. 20S.
T\^-Nn M ." and a member of Live Oak
Lodge No. bl; also Magnolia Lodge. I. o.
MQrin;,-•?>M Q rin ;,-•?> Fran , cis co, and the Master
Mariners 1 Benevolent Association.
EXCUSED FROM JURY DUTY.
Judge Greene Delivers Quite a Poro
ible Rebuke to Four Barred
Jurymen.
OAKLAND. July 19.-^udge Oreene was
aroused to some warm words this .morn
ing when he discovered that Daniel Bren
anF«H McD °nald, P. J. Qulnlan and
D. TV. McLaughlln, who were excused by
the four Judges sitting in bank during the
v Nell trial, had been summoned as Jurors
In the Moffltt murder trial. When Bren
in^fri oo a m ifi was called Judge Greens
looked at him a moment and asked:
is this gentleman one of the four
ban O k?" eXCUSed by the Court Bittln « In
ilHe is," replied the clerk.
■Tv vv ell t* said the Judge, "you can go.
we don t want you here at all."
I have a card here ordering me to
be in court at this hour," exclaimed
Brennan.
The clerk explained that a mistake had
been made and "the four" had been or
dered into court.
'' Wel j- we don't want them here," re
plied the court, "and now let me make
it so plain that I can be understood,
once and for all, that you are here by a
mistake. You are excused from further
jury duty, and if in future you should be
notified through an error of one of the
department clerks, pay no attention
to It."
Hundred Thousand Dollar Estate.
OAKLAND, July 19.-Frank F. Titus,
son of Daniel Titus, the pioneer San Fran
cisco attorney, who died at his home in
this city last week, has filed a petition
for the probate of his father's will. The
estate is valued at $100,000, of which $2S -
660 Is in real estate, the balance being
cash in hand and stocks of various kinds.
The deceased declares all of his property
to be community property, to which his
widow is entitled to half. The petitioner
u enr « r,r ,^ traJn betw »en Stockton and Ba-
Kersneia and between Fresno and- Vlsa
lia. On week days freight trains run
both ways.
In the way of equipment 100 box cars
nave been added and four locomotives. In
the near future the rolling stock of the
company will be Increased by two loco
motives, four cabooses and four coaches.
An active and progressive policy has
been adopted by the present officers of
the road, and this will be continued. The
reports were received by the directors
with great satisfaction, and everything
points to another successful year." Tlie
drought militated very strongly against a
large freight traffic business, which the
road would have had this year had the
crops been abundant.
According to tue financial report there
is sufficient money on hand to build the
road from Stockton to Point Richmond
and to begin on various contemplated
improvements.
The building of two steel ferryboats will
be an undertaking begun In the near fu
ture. When the line is completed to Oak
land connections with transcontinental
lines will receive serious attention by the
Valley Road officials.
Steamers to Stockton.
The new river steamer H. J. Corcoran
is to make her initial trip from tockton
to San Francisco to-night. She Is one of
the best equipped river steamers in the
Vnited States, and is expected to de
velop a speed of 20 knots an hour when
her machinery has worked down to its
bearings. The Corcoran Is to run in con
nection with the Valley road, and will
leave here every morning In the week at
8 o'clock. She will leave Stockton every
night at 6 o'clock and will land her pas
sengers at the ferries in time for them to
catch at least the last car uptown. With
the advent of the new steamer the boat
that used to leave here every Sunday
night will be discontinued.
The H. J. Corcoran was named after
tho able and indefatigable manager of the
California Navigation and Improvement
Company, who has done so much toward
putting the concern in the front rank of
transportation companies. She will be
commanded by Captain McMurtry of the
J. D. Peters, while Captain Holdsworth
will assume command of the Peters.
Henry Ryan, the jolly assistant engin
eer of the Harbor Commission, has Tost
some faith in his Judgment when string
ers are under consideration. He and Dave
Reese, foreman for Healy. i lbbitts & Co.,
were on Lombard-street wharf yesterday,
•wh<^n Reese remarked, "There's a rotten
stringer, Henry. It ought to be replaced."
"Hal ha!" laughed jovial Henry; "that
i stringer rotten? Why, look here," and
Mr. Ryan's 220 pounds avordupois began
to jump up and down on the beam. The
stringer was rotten. There was a crack
and then Mr. Ryan was out of sight.
He had plunged feet foremost Into the
, bay, and when he came up he had not
wind enough left to yell for help. Reese
threw him a rope and he held on until a
; boat came along and rescued him.
There was an interesting battle In the
Wharfinger's office on Main-street wharf
yesterday. The combatants were two
fair young creatures who make a living
by peddling soap and selling lottery tick
ets, while handsome and debonnalr Char
ley Pratt was (much against his will)
referee. One of the young ladles is a
handsome brunette, and her flashing
black eyes have made many a conquest
on the water front. The other is a blonde
and equally good looking In her way, and
both thought they had captivated the
handsome Mr. Pratt. Unluckily, while
( harley was whispering soft nothings to
the fair one yesterday his dark-eyed
beauty walked Into the Wharfinger's of
fice. Then there was music In the air,
and in a few seconds handfuls of hair
strewed the floor. It was scratch as
scratch can for a few minutes, and then
the dark one, finding she was getting the
I worst of it, grabbed an ink bottle and
, threw it at her rival. As much of the
fluid went over the one as the other, and
now both of them are mourning spoilt
I gowns and complexions ruined almost bc
| yond repair. After declaring the fight a
draw Pratt took to his heels, and when
, last seen he was still running.
The Norwegian steamer TTrd arrived
! from Kobe and Yokohama yesterday She
brings a cargo of tea consigned to M J
Brandenstein & Co.
JUDGE SHELDON GREETS
HIS FELLOW-WORKERS
HE MAKES A SHORT CONGRAT
ULATORY ADDRESS.
Outlines the Work of the Nations
Bed Cross Society— News of Mem
bers Throughout the State.
Judge Sheldon has removed all worry
from the minds of the ladies composing
the Red Cross Society, caused by the
publication of a "special" dispatch' print
ed in an evening paper, by assuring them
that there was no danger of the Govern
ment recognizing any organization other
than the National Red Cross Society, of
which he Is a leading member.
In Its first "special" the pa-^er alluded
to baldly stated that thirty-three "White"
Cross nurses would be sent to Manila
within a few weeks, but in Its last "spe
cial" its assertion 1b (somewhat subdued by
the statement that the "White" Cross
nuraeß would be taken If required. This
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 1898.
Is given a farm in Arizona with all upon
it, valued at $10,000. The younger son,
Fred, is given $10,000 in cash and an equal
share with the deceased's nephew and
law partner in the law library- and o files
furniture in San Francisco. The balance
of the estate then goes to Frank F., thg
petitioner.
BOARD OF TRUSTEES.
Bids Rejected Because They Had No
Revenue Stamps on Them.
ALAMEDA, July 19.— At the meeting of
the Board of Trustees last night bids
were opened for the improvement of En
cinal avenue. Several parties submitted
propositions, but upon examination it was
found that only two had the necessary
revenue stamps affixed. They were ac
cordingly thrown out, much to the sur
prise of the bidders, who had evidently
forgotten all about the new revenue law.
The Alice-street bridge matter came up
again, and there was a discussion as to
what this city ought to do in the prem
ises. Finally it was decided to refer the
whole matter to the Bridge Committee,
wiih power to consult with the Oakland
committees and report at a special meet
ing of the Trustees to be held on Friday
evening, when the matter will be denn
itely settled.
Alfred Gilder Missing.
ALAMEDA, July 19.— The friends of
Alfred Gilder, formerly of Bay Farm Isl
and, are wondering what has become of
him. He had worked for ten years for
Amos McCartney, but about two months
ago had words with him and quit. He
went to Sonoma County to look after a
place belonging to him, but soon returned
and called on a friend here and made an
appointment for the next evening. He did
not keep the engagement, however, and
has not since been seen. His friends are
greatly worried, and some of them are
inclined to think he has committed sui
cide.
Berkeley News Notes,
BERKELEY, July 19.— An unknown
man made two attempts last night to en
ter the residenceof Mrs. A. Thompson of
1517 Fiftn street. Upon the second occa
sion Mrs. Thompson lighted a lamp and
the burglar left. No trace whatever of
him has yet been found.
The Berkeley Pardee Club met last
night in Golden Sheaf Hall. President E.
< '. Marhave announced that the club had
150 members, who had authorized the sec
retary to attach their names to the offi
cial roll.
W. P. Clark was elected last night by
the Board of Education as teacher of
mathematics in the Berkeley High School.
Mr. Clark will resign from his office in
the Cogswell Polytechnic Institute, San
Francisco, to accept his new position In
Berkeley.
A conference between School Director
Crew of Berkeley and a committee of the
Oakland Board of Education, concerning
the Instruction of the pupils in the old
Lorln district, has resulted In a compro
mise, by which Oakland will pay $24 a
year to Berkeley for each pupil in the
Lorin district educated In the Berkeley
public schools.
change of front on the part of Its Wash
ington correspondent may have been due
to the Incredulous nature of those who
saw the dispatch. The first dispatch
caused Borne ridicule, us every one fa
miliar with the workings of the society
felt that it alone would be recognized.
Last evening's modified statement
brought fortn even larger smiles, as It
was a direct admission of error.
At the meeting of the executive boards
of the local and State society yesterday
Judge Sheldon made his initial appear
ance. After expressing his surprise at
the wonderful work the State organiza
tion had accomplished and congratulating
them on their endeavors the Judge clear
ly stated the standing of the Red Cross
Society. He said it was a legal organiza
tion and therefore had the support of the
President and the highest court in the
United States.
"The first principle to keep In mind,"
he said, "is not to be in the way In time
of war, but to always be on hand when
needed." He stated that without excep
tion the California society was one of the
best organized In the world and he could
therefore offer no advice. He was pleased
to see how the financial accounts were
kept and suggested that It would be a
good plan to send weekly reports to New
York. He told of the society having four
hospital ships In Cuban waters and ex
plained how the work was carried on by
the executive committee. In concluding
the Judge stated that although the
nurses were paid Clara Barton never re
ceived a cent; that whenever she was
not on duty she was the guest of the As
tor Hotel. The national representative
was listened to with interest and was
generously applauded.
Eugene Roeenthal, another Red Cross nurse,
will Ball on the transport Pennsylvania to-day.
The course of lectures of instruction given
by the Bed Cross Society commenced on Mon
day morning at 9 o'clock In the Polyclintc
Auditorium, Ellis street, according to an
nouncement, and over fifty names were regis
tered of parties who desired to receive the
benefit of the Instruction to fit themselves as
nurse* under the direction of the Red Cross
Society for the expedition to the Philippines.
The work was inaugurated by the introduc
tion of Dr. R. Beverly Cole, who has rendered
valuable assistance to- the society in this Wi r k,
and has interested a numt*?r of leading physi
cians, who have undertaken to conduct the
lectures with their personal service.- 1 . Among
the physicians who have offered their services
In this" direction are Dr. 11. Kugeler, Dr. J. F.
McCone, Dr. E. Rixford. Dr. J. T. Stafford,
Dr G. B. Somers and Dr. C. Well.
Dr Cole introduced Mrs. Wendell Eaaton
as the chairman of the committee of nurses of
the society, who impressed upon the persons
present the Importance of regular attendance
at the lectures and the value of obtaining the
practical Information which will be given by
the physicians. The lecture by Dr. Kugeler
was moat Interesting and was devoted to the
practical demonstration of "bandaging" and
Instruction in "first aid work."
Badges are still being distributed at 16 Post
street and any member may obtain one. Six
thousand have already been distributed and
the society now has SOOO members.
Donations were received from Ethel Shaen,
Pearl Shaen. Hatti<' Rosener, White House,
Forum Club Mllbrae Dairy. Belmont School,
W. P. A. Brewer, Miss Weber, Mrs. C. T.
Private Oscar Klrkland. who accidentally
shot hlmpelf, has recovered sufficiently to be
removed to his tent.
Private Henry of the Minnesota regiment,
who has been ill at the French Hospital for
two months, is waiting to be discharged. Mrs.
Millß has invited him to come to Mills Col
lege for a change.
In a letter to his wife, Dr. Titus, who is on
the transport Indiana, says that, seasickness
was prevalent. He reported all ill, Including
himself Had it not been for the provisions
furnished by the Red Cross he thought It
would have "t>een difficult for the boys to pull
through On the 4th of July the boys en-
Ir.ved st-wed fruit donated by the Red Cross.
Supplies for the hospital In Manila consisting
of cots, folding chairs, mattresses, pillows, pil
low cases, sheets, tents, stools, coal oil nnd
other equipments, w?re sent aboard the trans
port Pennsylvania yesterday.
Fourteen hundred lunches were prepared for
the men on the outgoing transport
Subscriptions were received as follows yester
rtnv O W Clark & Co., $4; memberships, $7;
collected by Mrs. Mary Miller. $2; University
Club 1135- E. J- Ford (fall office), $1; pillow
r .f fl( ; \' O 2 |7; total. Jf.2.459 "9.
Goldberg Bowen & Co.'s third subscription
was BO instead of $17 2.">. as given by mistake.
Large donations were received from Napa,
Nevada City. Los Angeles. Sherman, Center
ville and other donations to the State Sm-ifty
were from Madera, Haywards, \isalla, Santa
Cruz, San I^eandro, Rania Clara.
TO COMMEMORATE THE
FIRST CABLE ROAD
Mechanics' Institute Directorate
Calls for Designs for a Suit
able Monument.
The twenty-fifth anniversary of the
building of the first cable road in the
world, the Clay-street line of this city,
is to be suitably recognized. The Super
visors have agreed to set aside space in
Portsmouth Square, which is bounded on
the south by Clay street, for a moun-
m The design Is to be eubmitted^by the
directors of the Mechanics' Institute. At
the monthly meeting of the board last
night it was decided to offer the institute
bronze medal for the best design.
Competition will be open to all artists.
The pupils of the Mechanics' Institute
drawing class will be urged to compete.
L. P. L.atlmer was re-elected teacher of
free-hand drawing for the forthcoming
A. M. Jellison, the librarian, was grant
ed another months leave of absence. He
has been seriously ill for some time.
Granted a Divorce.
William T. Schurtleff was granted a di
vorce from Olive O. Schurtleff yesterday.
The decree was granted on the ground of
willful desertion.
SHE TOOK HIM
AT HIS WORD
Miss Wellendorf Walks
to Livermore.
CLAY DIDN'T WALK HOME
SOUTHERN CHIVALRY FAILS IN
CALIFORNIA.
C. C. Clay Takes the Train for
Oakland When Beaten by a
Young Lady and Seeks
Oblivion.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 19.
Miss Adeline Wellendorf, a talented
young music teacher of Berkeley, accept
ed the bantering invitation of C. C. Clay
Sunday evening to walk from Mendenhall
Springs to Livermore, and by doing the
feat yesterday won a wager by the terms
of which Mr. Clay was to walk from Liv
ermore to Oakland alone. After she saw
Mr. Clay well on his way in the hot sun
she took a stage and returned to the
Springs to await a letter telling her of
the accomplishing of the trip. But the
chivalry ln Mr. Clay's Southern blood
failed him for once and he betrayed the
confidence that Miss Wellendorf had
placed in his honor and took a train from
Pleasanton for home.
Mr. Clay, who is quite popular with the
young ladies of this county, has been on
a summer vacation at the Springs. He
spent many pleasant hours with Miss
Wallendorf with a shady tree and a ham
mock thrown in. As the time drew near
for him to return to his duties he dread
ed the parting more and more. In an evil
hour he suggested Sunday evening that
she accompany him as far as Llvermore
for a walk. The distance is only twelve
miles, and as the young couple had often
walked that far on moonlight evenings
the young lady accepted the invitation.
Mr. Clay is nothing if not chivalrous, and
he pledged his word that if Mies Wellen
DAUGHTER
ACCUSES
MOTHER
Marie Baldwin's Suit
for a Legacy.
SAYS SHE WAS IMPOSED UPON
TRANSFERRED STOCK VALUED
AT OVER $43,000.
She Did So Hoping to Reconcile Her
Mother, Who Is Bitterly Op
posed to Her Young
Husband.
Several years ago, when Mamie V.
Baird left her home to become the wife
of Barry Baldwin Jr., she left a sorrow
ing mother behind her.
The young woman's mothe*, Mrs. Ve
ronica C. Baird, was opposed to the hand
some son of the well-known United States
Marshal, Barry Baldwin. Why, no one
knew but her daughter, and she cared
naught for her mother's whims, defied
parental wrath and became a bride.
Now the differences of mother and
daughter have been carried Into the
courts and the chasm between .hem
broadens with each passing day. Yester
day a complaint was filed entitled "Marie
V. Baldwin against Veronica C. Baird,"
and heralded the Inauguration of a bit
ter legal contest over Interests In two
local corporations valued at over J43,000,
which, Mrs. Baldwin alleges, her mother
On April 1, 1896, states the complaint,
Mrs. Baldwin was the owner of a sepa
rate estate, consisting of 225 shares of the
capital stock of the California Powder
Works and 203 shares of the capital stock
of the Sausalito Land and Ferry Com
pany. All this stock was in the maiden
name of the plaintiff, but was in the
hands of her mother, Mrs. Baird, who
held It as guardian of her daughter dur
ing her minority. On April 21, the com
plaint continues, Mrs. Baird caused the
stock to be transferred into the married
name of her daughter. Mrs. Baird then
took the stock to Mrs. Baldwin and told
her that It was necessary for her to In
dorse. Mrs. Baldwin, who, at that time,
was unlearned and inexperienced, in
dorsed the stock without hesitation and
delivered it to her mother.
Mrs. Baird did not delay, but on the
same day had the stock transferred on
the books of the two corporations into
her own name. Mrs. Baldwin states that
she received no consideration for the val
uable stock, and simply transferred it in
trust to her mother under the following
circumstances: Mrs. Baldwin was ex
pecting to become a mother. She had mar
ric-d against the wishes of Mrs. Baird,
who still entertains an intense prejudice
against young Baldwin. Mrs. Baird,
states Mrs. Baldwin, reminded her of the
danger of her condition, and advised her
to transfer or dispose of the stock, so
that in the event of her death, her child,
or In event of the child's death also, her
brothers and her mother would be as
sured of the income from the property.
In hopes of reconciling her mother to her
marriage, and also fearful of what the
near future might have in store for her,
the daughter transferred the stock.
Months passed by, and on September 26
1898. a child was born to Mrs. Baldwin.'
"When she regained her health the
daughter visited her mother and asked
that her property be returned to her. This
Mrs. Baird refused to do, telling her
daughter, so the complainant stages, that
she would retain the stock forever unless
her daughter cast off and abandoned her
husband. This declaration proved a shock
to the young wife, but she would not give
up her husband. No wealth could atone
for lost affection, and no money could
lead her feet from the path of duty, so
she left her mother and spurned her oiler.
Now the suit has been filed, and the
rest of the story will be told to the world
in open court. The little fortune was a
portion of the inheritance of Mrs. Bald
win from the estate of her father, the late
John H. Baird, and, although it break her
heart she is determined that the law shall
wrest that which her dead father gave
her from her unforgiving mother's hands.
Trotting Stock Under the Hammer.
Messrs. Kllllp & Co. sold yesterday at
their salesyard at Van Ness avenue and
Market street some thirty head of trot
ting bred mares and geldings belonging
dorf accomplished the feat he would walk
home from Livermore.
The terms were accepted, and at 9
o'clock Monday morning the couple left
the springs. Mr. Clay soon found that he
was not taking a moonlight stroll. Miss
Wellendorf started out to win, and win
she did, for at half-past 12 the pair en
tered the Livermore Hotel. Dinner was
served and an hour spent in the shade of
the veranda. Then came the start for
Oakland. Mr. Clay would not show the
white feather, and out in the scorching
sun he started. She watched him until the
bend of the road took him out of sight.
She took the stage and returned well sat
isfied with her trip.
But not so with Mr. Clay. He soon
found it uncomfortable, and long before
Pleasanton was reached he wished for a
rest. A wagon came by and he sought a
lift to Pleasanton. There he took the
train for home.
When seen to-day he said, "Oh, I had a
delightful time. Yes, we walked Into
Livermore together. Who said I walked
home? Yes, I think I did make some such
rash agreement, but I know Miss Wel
lendorf never thought I would do it. Well,
I did walk home after I reached Oakland.
Now don't say anything about this will
you?" _______________
METCALF INDORSED.
Republicans Meet and Advocate His
Candidacy for Congress.
ALAMEDA, July 19.— There was a well
attended and very enthusiastic meeting
at Llnderman Hall last evening for the
purpose of indorsing the candidacy of
Victor E. Metcalf for Congress from the
Third Congressional District. At the out
set it was decided to organize the gather-
Ing Into a permanent Metcalf Club, and
this was done by the election of Dr. C.
L. Tisdale as president and Harvey Dar
neal as secretary, with an executive com
mittee composed of Messrs. E. A.
Randlett, Daniel Hicks, Ralph Hamlln,
A. W. Cornelius and H. A. Thompson.
The meeting was addressed first by Mr.
Metcalf, who declared himself a candi
date. He was followed by Messrs. Bab
cock, Bordwell, Tisdale, Hanley, Davis,
Knowland, Daniells, Weeks, Randlett,
Noy and others, who strongly indorsed
Mr. Metcalf's candidacy. The speeches
were received with loud applause.
Among the well-known Republicans
present were: George C. Babcock, Dr. C.
L. Tisdale, Charles Frost, D. J. Sullivan,
J. R. Knowland, Ralph Hamlln. J. H.
Xobman. Pniiip Kieri.an, K. U. Dunning,
Elmer Johnson, George E. Clark, P. S.
Teller, W. H. Davis, Harvey Darneal, F.
H. Kellogg, G. H. Bordwell, J. L. Fields,
J. W. Jackson, W. A. Thompson, E. A.
Randlett, Max Gundlach, Edward Hadley,
George E. Odell, H. M. Lorber, Joseph
Magnln, J. C. Bates Jr., L. A. Hagy, W.
B. Hinchman. J. L. Ballentine, \V. H.
Leitch, Frank Browning, R. S. Duncan,
A. S. Groth, J. B. Lanktree, T. G. Dan
iells, E. B. Bullock, P. T. Dickinson, W.
W. Haskell, J. N. Young, William Simp
son M. P. Wiggin, George Lovegrove,
Daniel Hicks, J. S. Lorber, J. S. Hanley,
Ward Battles, A. S. Barber, Henry Tank,
C. L. Metzger. G. F. Weeks, W. H. Noy,
Stanley Stephenson, F. D. Bovard, F. C.
to Thomas Brown of the Bank of Cali
fornia, bred by D. J. McCarthy. They
fetched, all told, upward of $1300, the pur
chasers mainly being dealers, outside of
F. Farls of Sacramento. The owner of an
Imported hackney stallion In Marin Coun
ty made a few bids on some of the best
looking brood mares, but did not stand
to his guns. The animals Bold at prices
running from $20 to $100.
M'CAUSLAND MUST
EXPLAIN HIS ACTIONS
Athletic Association Officials Demand
a Reason for His Not Rowing
at El Campo.
The fiasco at El Campo rowing regatta
last Sunday week, when the principal
match of the day, that between William
McCausland and Alexander Pape, fell
through, was discussed by the regatta
committee last night-
After an extended hearing It was de
termined to refer the matter to the board
of governors. Pacific Association of the
Amateur Athletic Union, for action. It is
the consensus of opinion that McCaus
land, who refused to row, will be sus
pended from competition for an extended
period.
The time for the closing of entries to
the regatta of next Sunday was extended
until to-morrow night. The competition
is restricted to barge races and some live
ly contests are expected. The Alameda
Club is said to have an invincible senior
crew. The members are anxious to pit
themselves against the redoubtable South
End "Midgets." The latter crew is not
in training, so the men from across the
bay expect to score a victory over what
ever crew they meet.
There will be five crews in the Junior
race, representing the Alameda, South
End, Dolphin, Ariel and Pioneer clubs.
The Dolphins and Pioneers will fight it
out in the Junior race and the Alamedas
and South Ends in the senior competition.
Those present at the meeting were: A.
P. Rothkopf, rowing commissioner; S. J.
Pembroke, secretary; J. R. Bockman, J.
D. Mahoney, William Espy and Emmet
Hayden. __________
IMPORTANT CONCESSION
ON THE WAR TARIFF
COLLECTOB LYNCH MAKES A
RULING.
He Makes Glad the Hearts of Dealers
in Mining Stock and Has Lifted
an Incubus Off the
Market.
The following correspondence will be of
Interest to mining brokers and others, as
it has resulted in an important conces
sion to them by Internal Revenue Collec
tor Lynch:
John C. Lynch, Esq., Collector United States
Internal Revenue, San Francisco, Col. — Dear
Sir: It is proposed to re-organize the capi
tal stock of certain corporations formed for
the purpose of mining now having a capital
stock divided into Bhareß of the par value of
$100 each, so that as reorganized the par value
will be $3 or $5 per share. Necessary steps,
Buch aa resolutions to the proper effect, etc.,
have been or will be immediately adopted by
the boards of directors of the several com
panies involved, and the reorganizations com
pleted upon expiration of the period required
by law for the publishing notice. Pending such
period it is desired to trade in the reorganized
stocks of such mining companies by memoran
hum of sale, providing for delivery upon issue
of such new stock. May this be done by pay
ing revenue tax upon par value of stock for
which note or memorandum sale is issued?
Tours respectfully, J. T. BURKE,
Special Attorney for Comstock Mining Com
pany.
J. T. Burke. 327 Pine street, City— Sir: Re
plying to your letter of even date, I beg- leave
to reply, that I have carefully considered the
questions propounded, and In the absence of
instructions from the honorable Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, I will rule aa follows:
"That when a corporation with a capital
stock has passed a resolution to change the
par value of the shares of its capital stock, an
agreement to ppII the said stock to be delivered
at a date subsequent to the date of reorganiza
tion will be subject to a tax of two cents (2c)
on $100 of the par value of the utock issued
under the reorganization. In other words, any
contract for future delivery of stock will
have to pay a tax at the rate of two cents
on $'.10. par value of the stock, at the date of
delivery.
This opinion is concurred in Revenue Agent
Thoma». Respectfully.
JOHN C. LYNCH. Collector.
In the Twenty-Eighth,
The Twenty-eighth District Democratic
Club organized last night at 666 Mission
street and elected the following officers:
President, Ed Lynch; vice-president,
Frank Connelly; secretary, T. J. Cleary;
treasurer, J. Lyons. Resolutions were
passed Indorsing James G. Maguire for
Governor. Thirty-five members signed the
roll.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children,
Vbtflio- f \_/9
Biails Saf S/IT* 'A "" Is «
Urutari/y* 5 * y^hH^-^-^- ewrr
Roberts M. F. Sperbeck, B. X Taylor,
W. H. JRriend, F. W. Greeley, Pi J.
Schaeffer, Frank Barnett and others.
KNOTTY QUESTIONS SOLVED.
Judge Sheldon Outlines the Proper
Work of the Red Cross
Society.
OAKLAND, July 19.— Judge Sheldon,
one of the five members of the executive
board of the National Red Cross Society,
of Washington, D. C, addressed the Red
Cross Society this morning.
The speaker solved a number of knotty
problems for the ladies. "A hospital ship
should go at once to the Philippines," he
said, "and it should be furnished, not by
the patriotic West, but by the United
States Government. As regards other
work, I believe that your societies here
and in San Francisco should have fed,
as you did, the incoming soldiers, though
they had not as yet been mustered into
service. You were morally certain that
they would be. As to medicines, the Gov
ernment should furnish them. If you
have spent money for medicines you
should ask the Government to return it
to you, for you can send it elsewhere."
He also defined Red Cross work very
plainly. "It is giving aid to the sick and
wouMtd. It is preventing sickness. So,
under these things, your procuring food
and medicines for the soldiers is right in
line and correct."
Honored the Dead Officer.
OAKLAND, July 19.— When the case of
Margaret Schwall, which was set for trial
this morning in Judge Cliffs court, was
called. Deputy District Attorney A. A,
Moore Jr. moved that the court adjourn,
out of respect to the memory of Gus
Koch, who had been a constable of this
court. The case was continued for one
week, with the consent of the defendant's
attorney. In granting- the continuance
Judge Clift expressed his satisfaction at
the action of the attorneys, saying that
he was entirely unnerved and would be
quite unable to proceed with the case. He
paid a high tribute to the dea.d officer, in,
a voice choked oy tears, and his grief was
shared by the attorneys and others in
Case of Mistaken Identity.
OAKLAND, July 19.— When the case of
Gus Lindeman, the Temescal capitalist,
was called in the Police Court this morn
ing it was passed until the 25th for exam
ination. He is charged with burglary,
when, in fact, he entered the house upon
hearing cries of "Help! Help! Murder:"
and the like and saw the children run
ning around In their nlghtclothes. His
friends believe it a case of mistaken
identity.
Charley White Was a Witness.
OAKLAND, July 19.— The preliminary
hearing of Alonzo Schaefer, charged
with assault to murder J. J. Hurt, was
postponed in the Police Court to-day, ow
ing to the absence of the principal wit
ness, Charles White, the Deputy Sheriff
killed this morning. It Is barely possible
that the case will fail owing to Mr.
White's death.
DEATH OF JOHN SMITH.
He Was a Resident of San Francisco
Since 1856 and Was a Promi
nent Business Man.
John Smith, who died Monday morning
at his residence, 1414 Clay street, at tha
age of 70 years, was a prominent busi
ness man of San Francisco for many
years. He was a resident of this city
since 1856, and from that year up to his
last illness was engaged in the wood and
coal business at various locations.
Mr. Smith was born in the north of Ire
land. Coming- to this country when quite
young, he found his way Westward, after
a brief residence in Connecticut, and
reaching Sacramento in ISSO, he there en
gaged in the general merchandise busi
ness, carrying on an extensive trade with
the immigrants. He also operated In
mines, particularly in river placers. Re
turning East in 1856, he married Miss Mc-
Dowell, and coming back to California he
located, in San Francisco, and ever after
made this city his home.
Mr. Smith, leaves a widow, a son and
two daughters. His children are all mar
ried., One daughter is the wife of M. J.
Kennedy, head man of the cloak depart
ment of the White House, and the other
is the wife of ex-Supervisor E. C.
Hughes.
The funeral takes place to-day at 1:45
p. m., at Odd Fellows' Hall, Seventh and
Market streets, under the auspices of
Templar Lodge No. 17, of which Mr.
Smith was a member for thirty-five
years.
»♦ ■ ■
Siege of Paris.
Rev. J. B. Hogan will lecture on "Per
sonal Reminiscences of the Siege of
Paris" next Monday evening at the Met
ropolitan Temple under the auspices of
the Young Men's Institute. The lecture
will be full of interest, as Rev. Mr. Ho
gan is a man of rare eloquence and has
an intimate and first-hand acquaintance
wittt the siege of Paris. Tickets may be
secured from the members of the Igna
tian Council or Grand Secretary Stanly,
Pioneer building.
Suit for Life Insurance.
Martin C. Walton filed suit yesterday
against the Mutual Insurance Company
of New York to recover {9838 32. the
amount of a policy held upon the life of
Nelson C. "Walton, who died in this city
on April 27 last.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
* %
jp«sgfsT£>jL» Ido not believe there
M%Wts£fSvb. ls a case of dyspep-
ill^iiK&l sia, indigestion or
f-& "%^$ any stomach trouble
\s[ S;^that cannot be re-
ft^ iM._,,y^^y lieved at once end
fSf ®H"s^af permanently cured
|T sJjtW by mv dyspepsia
• At all druggists,
i^j&esa^leXaTW 25c. a vial. Guide
vtl^^H^nrnf to Health and medi-
'* 1 V* cal advice free. 1505
' Arch street, Phila.
y*~^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Ja^P 625 HEARST ST. Established
fan |~]|vri\ in 1854 for the treatment of Private
FsL*Jhv3&vf Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
fcsC^J^f?v?k disease wearing on bodyandmlndand
: '■'.<■ «» U :,,a Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
'■SE&S«43H9 otherB ' a "' Try him. Charges low.
**»t--J— fsf If 1 ( i!ir>ennr:i:ilrrd. Callorwrlte.
Dr. J. r. uIBBON. Box 1957, 5 an Francisco.
RAILF.OAD TRAVEL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, ibiii, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. ■ | North-bound.
Paesen- Mixed, Mixed; Passen-
■ ger, Sunday Sta- <. Sunday ger, ■
Dally. Exc'pted tions. Exc'pted Dally.
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 pm 5:40 pm
9:10 am 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 p m 3:53 p m
10:40 am 8:50 p m Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 p m
11:35 a m 6:45 p m Hanford 7:45 a m 1:25 pin
2:45 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rsfld I 2:30 a m' 10:15 a m
12:05 pin 7:50 p m - Visalla I 6:40 a m|12:55 p m
Stopping at Intermediate" points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation anil | Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 8
p. m. dally; at Merced, with = stages to and
from Snelllngs, Coultervllle, Yosemlte. etc. ;
also with stage from Hornitos, Marlpo^a, - etc ;
at Lankershim with stage to and from Madera.
HOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalltu Ferry.)
Leave Ban Francisco, commencing May L .
1898: ; !-. -:-■■- ...■ . :./ ■ ■
Week Days— a. m., 1:45 and 6:15 p. m. .
Sundays— «:(?", 0:00, 10:00, 11:30 a.-m.. 1:45 anil
I: SO p. m. '•■■ :'.-;■;■>:-'■ >-• .-.,•■- r ■, . j
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1.
THOS. - COOK ■ A SON. Agent*. 631 Market
1 street, Ban Francisco. ■!
AUCTION SALES.
— : :
WITHOUT RESERVE.
BOOKS! BOOKS! BOOK.SI
THIS EVENING, AT 8 O'CLOCK,
CONTINUATION OF CLOSING-OUT SALS 07
I. 0. 0. T. LIBRARY
Consisting of 10,000 Volumes Standard
Literature.
Also / Fittings, Furniture arrl Miscellaneous
Effects. *^
FRANK W. BUTTER FIELD. Auctioneer.
On view after 9 o'clock a. m. ■-■ -:■■:*•: j
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
KUI)TIIKK.\ I'AVIFIC.COnPAHT.
(PACiriO SIHI'MC)
Frulna tfiiTC mill air alu«> Is nrrlve at
NAN It AIM )!*<■«>.
(Main Lire, Foot of Market Street)
lea — Fnoit July 10, 1898. — akmvb
vO:OOav O:OOa Nilee, Sau Jose and Way Stations... *Bs4Sx
' 7:00 a KruiciH. Suisuu and Sacramento.... 10:43 a
7:«>Oa MarysriUe, Oro»illeaud Redding Tia
Woodland ; ' 5:15p
7:0O A Elmira. Vacarllle and Rumsoy 8:45p
T:SOa Martinez, San Karaon. Vallejo, Napa,
Oali.itogra and .Santa Rosa Oil.ip
»:«Oa Atlantic Kxjirew, Og.ien and Kurt.. 8«45p
»i:i«a .Sun .lose, Stockton. Valley Spring,
lone, ftacramento, MarynTillo,
Ohico, Tehama and Red 111u1t.... *tl.lp
*:HOa Peters, Oakdale and Jamestown.... 7:1 5p
•S:3oa Milton *7il3r
I»i«<>a New Orleans ICiprer.s, Merced, Fres-
no, liakerslleld, SanCa Barbara,
Los Angeles, Decnlng, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 9i4<lf
1 «i«» a Vtllejo, Martinez and Way Stations ?i4Sp
•I:OOp Sacramento liiver Steaniers *BiOOp
San Jose, ill's and Way Stations... Ji>:l."Va
2:«>«r Lirermore, Mendota, Uanford and
VUalla 4il3f
Li Term ore, Ban Jose, Nllesand Way
Stations Uo:l3a
4iOOp Martinez, Han Ramon, Vallejo.
• Napa, rallstoga, K.I Verano and
Santa Unsa »ilBa
4:oop ßenicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Lauding, Marysrille, Oro-
i »llle anil .Sacramento. 10:49 a
4:BOrNlles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7:1 5r
4:aoy Stockton and LodL.. 18:15*
Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Fresno, ; : ' «;
Moj.ire, Santa Barbara and Los >>-':'.
Angeles 7i45a
4:80r Martinez, Merced (Raymond for
Yosemite) and Fresno 12:1
4t»Op Santa V* Jtoute. Atlantic Kxpress
■\V for jMojatu and Kast 6:4.1 p
CiOOp Kuroiicaii Mail, Ogden and Kast.... 9:45 a
•«i««» p Vallejo .. 12:l»p
«i«Op Huywiiulfi, Nili-Rttii.l San .I. we 7:45 a
; J7:oop Vallt-jo, Tort Costa and Way Sta-
tions J9:43r
i StOOp Oregon Kxprein, .Sacramento, Marys-
Ylllc, Ue.l.linc, rortlaml, I'nget ■:■■■.. .*H.
] Snnnilmi.l Kmt g;l»A
SAX LKANI»UU AM» lI A V WARDS LOCAL.
I (Foot of Market Street.)
"1 Melrose7s< : infii~rF r P«irk, ( ' 7:15 a
«:OOa rttehbnrtr, Klin It unit., «»»:*sa
! ,*'••* San l.ean.lro. South San !? 12£
:tl I.OOa I i*.ndro,*>t.dmo, Ji;i^
t ■»:<»« m f liorenio, Cherry ■ i:4.T
t»:»up and Ji»:irsi>
5:»Op Ha wards. . «3:43p
7:OOp i Runs through to Nile*. 7:4.1 p
J t From Nllea __l
OUST IMVIsION (Narrow (;.iu|re).
1 (Foot of Market Street.)
17:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Crux
anil Principal Way Stations }S»Osp
, 8:13 a Newark. terTille, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creck,Santa Oniz and Way
Stations OiSOp
. •2: Jsp Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *IO:5Oa
4:13p San Jose, Olenwood & Way Stations 0:20 a
04:15p Boulder Creek and Sacta Crus J9i2»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
' from SIR r£INCISCO — Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
; •7:15 9:00 11 :00a.m. {1:03 *2:00 t3:SQ
•4:00 • ' t5:00 ♦6:03 p.m.
rr«m OiIUHD— of Broadway.— : oo 8.-00 10:00 a.m..
tl2:00 "1:00 t2:00 '3:00 tl:00 *6:03 p.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad (iange). :
(Third and Townsend St«.)
•7:00 A San Jose and Way Stations (New
Alinadeu Wednesdays only) li3op
J7:3oa Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacino Grove and
. Principal Way Stations... JB«»sp
9iooa Han .limn. Tr«s I'iihis, Knuta Om,
Pacific (irove, I'aao Hobles, Una
Lulu <)liin|io, Quadalupe, Surf and .
I*rincii>nl Way .SUtions 4«10i-
1O:4Oa San .lust! and Way Stations *8:OOa .
11::|Oa Ban Jose and Way .Stations *Bi3sa
•2:43p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Sau .lose,
Gilroy, Hollister, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacilio
Grove "80:30*
•»:JlOp San Jose and Way Stations.... *O:OOa
•4:1 Han.loseand Principal Way Stations »:43a
•3:OOr San Jose and Principal Way Stations C:3sa
5::t«l> San .lose an.l Principal Way Stations r>:3(>p
«>::t(>pSan Joae and Way Stations 7:3«p
f11:45i- San Jose ami Way Stations . ' 7:: tOy
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. ~
*Bnndaysexce|iteil. } Sundays only, * Saturdays only
f Sundayg and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY,
TUmuob Parts. F«wt mt Uarbat St.
. SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m. 12:35,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
: at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:«l
: and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, I^o.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:EO, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:56 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. S:4O.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetsen ParK
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect Sac Francisco. |
June 28, •
Week I Sun- 189 S. Bun- I Week
I Days. 1 days. | Destination, dayg. f Days.
t 7:30 ami S:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 ara
3:30 prnl 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pin 10:25 am
l 5:10 pml 5:00 pm] Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 prq
' 1 I Fulton, j
' 7:30 am - I Windsor, 10:25 am
f Healdsburg.
Lytton,
I Geyserville,
5:30 pm 8:00 ami C 1 o ye rdale. | 7:36 pm[ 6:22 pm
7:30 am Hopland and |10:25 am
3:30 pm( 8:00 am Ukiah. ) 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
, 7:30 ami ] 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
! 3:30 pm \ | I 6:22 prq
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am is: 40 am
and . ■ ■I - -
; 6:10 pmf 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:10 pm 6:22 pro
I 7:30 am 8:00 ami Sebastopol. 110 Mb~am 110:25 am
! 8:30 pm 6:00 pm| ] 7:35 pm| 6:23 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
I the Geysers; at HopUnd for Duncan Springs,
; Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
'Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
. Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
1 Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel r>?ll Lake, Upper
• Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Llerley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights.
HullvUle, Booneville, Orr"s Hot Springs, Men-
: docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
; Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
! reduced rates.
! On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
; beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. «50 Market St.. Chronicle M<l*.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
; Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Time I
Leave San Franclsco.4:3o p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.S.
Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis 6:13 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Chicago.. 9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason-
able Rates.
YOU WILL BF COMFQPTABLB
If You Travel on the Santa Pe.
m FRAICISCO TICKET OFFICE — MARKET -ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN "'^ • -
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
.Sacramento Office- 231 J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD^
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, "commencing May 1, ISJJ.
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo, *8:00.
•9:30, 11:00. a. m.; *l:is, 3:20, 4:uU, 5:15, »8:00.
6:"0 p. ■ m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, < Saturdays and Sundays at 11:34
p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *9:09
•10:00, 11:00, 11:30 a. m. ; 1:00, '1:45. »2:30, H-.00,
6:SO. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
8:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin. .
THROUGH TRAINS. -
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta/na.
8:15 p.m. week . days (Sat. — Tomales anj
way stations. , .
8:00 a. m. Sundays— and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way eU'ni.
1112
JONES LANDS
LONG SHOTS
Wins on Endeavor and
Ben Viking.
BACKERS WELL REWARDED
ONE THIRTY AND THE OTHER
TWENTY TO ONE.
Bangle Beats Bannockburn at Chi
cago and Hurly Burly and
Martha II Outfoot
Fast Fields.
I»i3"W YORK, July 19.— At Brighton
Beach:
First race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing.
Endeavor, 100 CE. Jones), 30 to 1 1
Debrlde, 102 (Coyle), 8 to 1 2
Gun Metal, 102 (O'Connor), 8 to 1 2
Time, 1:49*.
Forget, Concord. The Governor, Swamp An
gel. Aurum and A thy also ran.
Second race, five furlongs, selling.
Ben Viking. 112 (E. Jones). 10 to 1 lj
Incandescent. 109 (Maher), 8 to 6 2
Sir Florlan. 109 (Doggett). 6 to 1 3
Time, 1:03.
Clap Trap and Goblin also ran.
Third race, mile.
Whistling- Con. 106 (Simms), 8 to 6 1
Merlin 106 (O'Connor), 30 to 1 2
Long Acre, 105 (Moody), 30 to 1 3
Time, 1:42%.
Nosey also ran an.l finished second, but was
disqualified for fouling.
Fourth race, six furlongs.
Orion. 103 (Matter), 10 to 1 1
Sanders. 115 (Simms). 9 to 2 t\
Royal Stag, US (Taral). 3 to 1 3
Time. l:liH-
Isldor. .Trolley. Fleeting Gold, Billall, Lam
bert and Prem'»-, also ran.
Fifth race, five furlongs.
Rare Perfume. 119 (Maher). 7 to 5 1
Jean IngelOW, 111 (Doggett). 12 to 1 2
Subject. 115 (O'Connor). 15 to 1 3
Time, 1:02 V
Muggins, Hurricane and Water Girl also ran.
Sixth race, one mile, selling.
Continental, 102 (Maher), 13 to 20 1
Her Own, 99 (O'Connor) 6 to 1 2
Charentus 103 (Hamilton), 10 to 1 8
Time, 1:41%.
Doggett and Master James also ran.
ST. LOUIS, July 19.— Weather pleasant;
track fast.
First race, two-year-olds, five furlongs.
Genua, ICS (Rutter), 11 to 10 1
Our Nellie 105 iPn-lli. 7 to 2 2
Tom Shannon, 106 (J. McDonald), 8 to 1 3
Time, 1:02%.
Foxey, Four Leaf C, George Dennette, Mono.
B. Lady Ezell and Lafayette also ran.
Second race, six furlongs, selling.
Imp. King Gold, 104 (Gumore). 6 to 2 1
Minnie 'Weldon, 99 (Frost). 7 to 2 2
Judge Stouffer, 104 (Rutter). 5 to 1 3
Time, 1:15.
Kate Longfellow, Pat Murphy, Harry Floyd,
Joe Nail, Jolly Son, Slrenia, J 1> M. Tradition,
Merry Monarch, Shieldbearer and Zaranls also I
Third race, rlx furlnnss, selling.
Aunt Mary, 107 (Lendrum). 8 to 1 1
Lorranla, 103 (Lines), 20 to 1 2
Prumj.to, 104 tJ. Mcli.inald), 12 to 1 i
Time 1:16.
For!«ythe, Lord Neville, Voloz, Moralist,
Plantation, Helen Wren, Reefer, Buokvldere
Eulalie and Dora G also ran.
Fourth race, one mile.
Loving Cup, S4 (Lines), 2 to 1 1
Linda, I'M (Combs), barred 2
Can Galop. 92 (Kelly), 7 to 1 3
Tragedy, 94 (Frost), 9 to 5 4
Time }:42H.
Belle Bramble, Tramp and Black Silk alno
ran.
Fifth race, one mile, selling.
Mystery, ;<4 ( Frost i. 9 to 2 1
Bequeath, 91 (Lines), 4 to 1 2
Lena, 102 (J. McDonald). 2 to 1 3
Time 1:42%.
The Planet, Bill Jackman. Laura May, Otto
H, Ilplen H, Gardner. Hußsella, Major King.
Mitchell and Drown Berry also ran. Gold Top
left at the post.
Sixth race, six and one-half furlongs, selling.
Verify, >9 (Lines). S to 1 1
Fourth Ward. 95 (Frost), 20 to 1 2
Aquinas, 104 Uiutter). 7 to 3 3
Time 1:22-«.
Zamar 11, Nora S, Xalissa, Trebor, Flngal.
Benvidere, Rathburn and Scott Newman also
ran.
CHICAGO, July 19.— Track fast; weath
er warm at Washington Park.
Tirst rr,ce. five furlongs— Tulla Fonso, 4 to 1,
won; Carter H. Harrison Jr.. 1 to 2. Becond;
Vim and Vinegar, third. Time, 1 :00 V
Second race, one and an eighth miles— Al
Fresco. 7 to 5, won; Charley Christy. 8 to 5,
second; Alvarado 11, third. Time, l:53Vi.
Third race, mile — Bangle, 8 to 1, won; Ban
n^^kburn, 1 to 2, second; St. Calatlne. third.
Time. 1:19%.
Flurth race, mile and twenty yards— Hurly
Burly, even, won; Imp. Eddie Burke, even,
second; Dr. Sheppard, third. Time, l^O^.
Fifth rrvce. six furlongs— Martha 11, 6 to 1.
won: Daisy F, second; Abe Furst, third.
Time. 1:14 V
Sixth rare, five furlongs— Galathee, 5 to 2,
won; Stamina. 4 to 1, second; Lucille Bram
ble, third. Time, l:01»4.
BUTTE, Mont., July 19.— Weather clear;
track fast. In the handicap Jockey But
ler, on Ash Leaf, was run Into at the
post by Taghaim and his left leg was
broken in two places.
First race, four and a half furlongs— Omah
Wood won, Tammany II second. Distinction
third. Time, :54H-
Second race, six furlong's— Highland Ball
■won. Lady Ashley second. Reel third. Time.
1:15%.
Third race, one mile— All Smoke won, Will
iam OB second. Coda third. Time. 1:42V4.
Fourth race, Northwestern handicap, five and
a half furlongs— Mallakwa won, Gualala sec
ond, Montanus third. Time. l:07H-
Fifth race, hurdle handicap, one and a quar
ter miles— J. O. C. won. Viking second, Ross
more third. Time, 2:22.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs—
Goodwin won, Trappean second, Barnato third.
Time, 1:09%.
BEANEATERS LOSE;
CASTAWAYS WIN
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. To. ! Clubs— W. L. Pc
Cincinnati ..62 27 .BSS I PlttPburg 41 36 .532
Boston 49 29 .628' Philadelphia 33 40 4H2 '
Cleveland ....4T 23 .ClS. Brooklyn ....32 42 .432 1
Baltimore ...45 23 .60S; Washington .29 47 .3*2
Chicago 4.") 3.*. .563 Louisville ...27 &fi .329
New Y0rk. ...41 3Tj ..'39;et. Louis 24 58 .2!")
NEW YORK, July 19.— Rain stopped the
Louisville-New York game at the first
half of the sixth inning. Attendance
5000. Score:
Clubs- K. H. E.
New \ <»rk 2 4 0
LoulsvlMe 1 4 q
Batteries— Ruffle and Grady; Cunningham
and Klttrldge. Umpires— Swartwood and Wood.
BOSTON, July 19.— Gardner, with the
assistance of Ely, won the game for the
Pittsburgs to-day, the former by good
pitching and the latter by phenomenal
fielding and fierce batting. Attendance
2000. Score:
Clubs— r. h. E.
Plttsburg 6 9 2
Boston 3 io 2
Batteries— Gardner and Schrlver; Klobeilanz
Lewis and Bergen. Umpires— Snyder and Con
nolly.
WASHINGTON, July 19.— Weyhing re
placed Swain at the end of the second
~.nd the Castaways won by bunching hits
on him in the fifth. Attendance 1500.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 1 10 1
Cleveland 8 13 1
Batteries— Swalm. WeyhJng- and McGulre:
Wilson and Crlger. Umpires— Emails and Hunt.
NEW YORK, July 19.— The Brooklyns
made It three out of four from the St.
Louis Browns to-day. At no stage of the
game were the latter in it. La Chance
played first base in place of Tucker, who
has been sold to St. Louis. Attendance
300. Score:
Clubs— R. h. E.
Brooklyn 7 13 i
St. Lculß 18 6
Batteries— Dunn and Grim; Taylor and Clem
ents. Umpires— Andrews and Lynch.
PHILADELPHIA. July 19.— The Phila
delphia-Cincinnati game was called at
the end of the second inning on account
of, rain. The Phillies had scored one run.
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia 1
Cincinnati 0
BALTIMORE, July 19.— Chlcagos and
Baltimores playeu no game on account of
rain.
SPANISH SOLDIERS
STARVING AT HAVANA
Pinched Faces Stamped With Hunger
Seen at the Cub .in
Capital.
Special correspondence of The Call ami the
New York HeraM. Copyrighted. IS9S, by
James Gordon Bennett.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, July 9.—Star
vation and death are working dire ha
voc with Blanco's soldiers in Havana.
Refugees from Havana arriving to-day
by the British cruiser Talbot reiterate
and confirm the tale of suffering. Food
for the poorer people is scarcely ob
tainable, deaths from starvation occur
ring daily, while the Spanish soldiers
stalk famished through the streets, go
ing from house to house of the wealth
ier classes to beg for food.
In an interview with Albert Hender
son, an Englishman and late clerk at
the English consulate in Havana, he
said: "The condition of the lower
classes is simply fearful. Starving,
pinched faces, stamped with hunger
and despair, are seen on every side.
Human skeletons with their clothes
hanging loosely around them prowl
about the markets and wharves, gath
ering odds and ends from the rubbish
heaps to serve as food. The soldiers
themselves are in little better plight.
The majority are in rags, without
boots, unpaid and hungry. I have seen
many come to the English consulate,
begging a peseta in order to buy food.
They are on half rations and expect
to soon be put on quarter rations. A
good deal of fever and dysentery exist
at present, and living as they are, on
bad and insufficient food, much sick
nesfl must soon prevail. They are ut
terly disheartened and any light they
make will not be from courage, but de
spair.
"I saw the bodies of several unfor
tunate men in their ragged regimentals
dragged out by ropes to an adjacent
common and left there without burial
for the buzzards to feed on. That is
the manner in which Spain looks after
her dead soldiers. I know it has been
denied that actual starvation exists in
Havana, and the British Consul Gen
eral has stated such reports to be ex
aggerated. Before I left Havana I s- 'v
an official return in the office of the
British consulate, showing the average
death rate of seven per day from actual
starvation."
CAPTAIN JOHN RUURDS
DYING AT MONTEREY
Helped to Raise the Stars and Stripes
Over the Old Custom House
in Early Days.
MONTEREY. July 19.— One of the oldest
pioneers of Monterey County, if not of the
State, lies at the point of death in the
building over which he helped to raise
Old Glory nearly three generations ago.
For several days past Captain John
Ruurds has be.-n seriously 111. and this
aftprnoon an hope of recovery was re
linquished. The oW man is in bis eighty
first year, and has been a notary public
and conveyancer for many years back.
He is a native of Belgium and was one
of the American army of invasion during
the Mexican War, comiiiK to California
In 1845. When the- flag was hoisted over
the old custom house here he was pres
ent, and he was tht-n, and has since been,
permitted to occupy quarters in thf build
ing, where, surrounded by feline friends,
his days have passed happily.
Captain Ruurds was quite a linguist,
speaking French. German, Spanish,
Italian. English and oth.T languages. He
was, unill prostrated by his present ill
ness, sprightly and vigorous for one of
his extreme age. and could often be seen
on tho streets of the old capital.
Although a native of Belgium, the cap
tnin loner since became a citizen of the
i I'nlted States, having taken out his full
papers in July. 1858, in the Third Judicial
District Court of Monterey County.
BOTH COMPANIES AND
AGENTS RESPONSIBLE
Penalties for Bringing Into This
Country Aliens Afflicted With
Loathsome Diseases.
WASHINGTON, July 19.— S.>me days
ago the Treasury- Deportment f-übmitted
to the Attorney General a copy of section
6 of the immigration act of ISOI for an
opinion as to whether the repeated en
deavor on the part of the transportation
companies to bring Into the United States
aliens afflicted with a disease pronounced
to be "loathsome or dangerously contagi
ous" was within the meaning of paid sec
tion, so as to make suoh companies liable
to the penalties prescribed thereby, whlcsi
is a fine not to exceed $1000 or imprison
ment not exceeding one year or both. Iti
an extended opinion Attorney General
Grlg-ps concludes as follows:
"That corporation officers or servants
responsible for or p.rtually engaged in
breach of the immigration laws under th«
act of l*!U are liable to the fine and Im
prisonment impoHr-d by section 6, and the
corporation in itself is liable to a fine In
the case of any and each alien brougr-t
into or landed in the United States by
vessel or otherwise who is not entitled t»<
enter, is embraced within the meaning of
section 6 of the act of March ?,, 1891, so as
to make companies liable in the way hero
indicated to the penalties prescribed
thereby."
RIO GRANDE OVERFLOW
EXPECTED AT EL PASO
A Disaster Similar to That of a Tear
Ago Is Feared by the
People.
EL PASO, July 19.— The recent heavy
rains have caused an immense volume
of water to flow down from the moun
tains, and an overflow of the Rio Grande
River at this point similar to that of a
year ago, which caused great destruction
of life and property, is threatened. The
water is two inches higher than last year,
but Is at present held back by a new levee
of sand that threatens to give way at
several points. Parties living in the low
lands are removing their household goods
and preparing for the worst. Juarez,
Mexico, on the opposite bank of the river,
is now partially inundated and the stream
continues to rise.
NO LIGHT FOB, FRESNO.
San Joaquin Electric Company's
Plant Forced to Suspend.
FRESNO. July 19.— The San Joaquin
Electric Company's plant is unable to
furnish power or light on account of the
scarcity of water in the San Joaquin
River. This is one of the largest trans
mission lines in the woitd. It was recent
ly built. The city will be In darkness
during the summer.
Murderer Belew's Will.
BUISUN, July 19.— The will of Franklin
Belew, the Dixon murderer, who was
hanged at the Folsom State Prison on
June 16 for poisoning his brother and
sister, has been tiled for probate in the
Superior Court. The double murderer has
left all his estate, consisting of about $3500
in cash, to his two little children.
Corpse of a Missing Man.
EUREKA, July 19.— News was received
here to-day of the finding of the body of
M. H. Thompson, who has been missing
from South Park since April. Thompson
had endeavored to cross Trinity River
on a raft and was drowned. He was 65
years old.
Prof. Andrews Will Go to Chicago.
CHICAGO, July 19.-Professor Eben
Jamin Andrews, president of Brown Uni
versity, Is a telegram to-day to President
Harris of the Board of Education, for
mally accepted the position of superin
tendent of Chicago's public secbools.
THE SAM FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 1898.
CADETS PLAN
FOR THE WEEK
Arrange a Series of So
cial Events.
RECEPTION AT THE CAMP
SANTA ROSANS TO BE GUESTS
OF THE REGIMENT.
Archbishop Montgomery Wires His
His Congratulations and Wishes
the Boys a Pleasant
Outing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAMP MONTGOMERY, SANTA RO
SA, July 19.— Colonel Sullivan of the
League of the Cross Cadets held an
officers' meeting at his headquarters
tent this morning and the programme
for the week was arranged. To-mor
row night the residents of Santa Rosa
will be the guests of the cadets at the
camp. Colonel Sullivan requested com
manders of all companies to encourage
the boys to decorate their streets with
Japanese lanterns, and to entertain the
guests with banjo music and glee club
singing. "Taps" will not be sounded
until 11 o'clock.
On Thursday evening the regiment
will parade through the principal
streets of Santa Rosa, passing the
Courthouse at 7:30 o'clock, where it will
be halted and give a dress parade.
On Friday Colonel Sullivan, accompa
nied by his field and staff officers and
the glee club, will visit Sebastapol to
assist in an entertainment in aid of a
new church that is in course of con
struction in the Rev. Father Rogers"
parish.
In the mornings for the future bat-
I talion drill will be dispensed with. Col
' onel Sullivan has come to the conclu
sion that the grounds in the vicinity of
j the camp are too small for extended
order drill and that better results can
be accomplished by the commanders of
companies instructing the cadets In
company manual school.
Lieutenants W. J. Kelly and J. J.
] Crowley visited the Recreation grounds
I to-day and marked off the distances for
j the "field day" sports that will take
place on Saturday. The grounds have
j a three-eighths of a mile track. It Is
| expected large crowds from both San
j Francisco and here will attend the
' sports. The entries are as follows:
Fifty-yard dash— Field and staff. Ca
! rew; band, Wilson; Company B—McEl
[ roy. Fanning, Dougherty; Company D—
! Torris, Mahony, Dougherty; Company H
: — Erlenheim, Bowers; Company M, She
: beL
Half mile— Field and staff, Welch: Com
pany B, Dougherty; Company C — Qeddyfl,
; Otts; Company D—llealey,D — Ilealey, Dunn, Kelly;
Company H— Riley, O'Conner. Phelan;
Company X, Pelletin; Company M—She
: bel, Rossi.
Standing broad jump— Staff. Carew;
Company B— Dougherty, McDonald; Com
pany D— Dunn. Svetuvlch, Carroll; Com
pany H— Erlenhelm, Merino, Beasley;
Company M— Rosis, Herbert.
One hundred yard dash— Staff, Carew
! and Welch; Company B— Fanning, McEl
roy, Dougherty; Company C, Getldyn;
Company D— Torris, Mahim, Mahony;
Company H— Richter, Sugue. Powers;
'< Hams, Svetuvich; Company H— Merino,
1 — Shebel, Drosser.
Twelve-pound shot-put— Company B,
Dougherty; Company C— Otts. Cava
; naugh, Knne; Company D— Mohan, Wil
liams, Svetuvlch: Company H— Merino,
Erlenhelm, Heam; Company M— O'Brien,
I Behan, Mclntyre.
Running high jump— Staff, Carew; Com
pany B. Potter; Company D— Carroll, Ga
linas; Company H— Richter, Lawler, Mc-
Stotikor; company X, Kane; Company M
— Shebel, Drosser.
Throwing twelve-pound hammer — Band,
Wilson; Company B, Dougherty; Com
i pany C— Kane, Kavanaugh, Otts; Com
pany D— Mohun. Svetuvich, Mahony;
company H— Merino, Whalen, Hearn;
I Company M— Mclntyre, Behan.
There will be in all fourteen events.
Colonel Sullivan received from Arch
bishop Montgomery to-day a telegram,
as follows:
Accept for yourself and cadets hearty
I congratulations and wishes for pleasant
i encampment. Am sorry cannot he with
G. MONTGOMERY.
Company L, the youngest company
in the regiment, Is commanded by Cap
i tain F. J. Monahan. The boys' drill
j compares favorably with that of any
j other company In the regiment. They
! expect to enlist a number of recruits on
i their return to San Francisco.
The "Peopee Quartet" is composed of
; F. E. Newberger, J. H. O'Brien, G. F.
j Keane and Ed Glennon. all members of
] Company B. They will render several
vocal selections at the reception at
! camp to-morrow night.
The field and staff officers have
formed a club known as the Owls and
' Knockers' Club, and gave a reception
at headquarters last night, supplying
ice cream and fruit as refreshments to
their guests.
Corporal Brady, who was quite ill In
the hospital tent, has almost entirely
recovered. His sickness is a warning
]to the other boys. Brady rode for sev
eral hours in the burning sun on his
wheel and thert, while profusely per
spiring, consumed five ice cream sodas.
An entertainment and dance were
given at Rldgway Hall this evening by
| the Catholic Ladies' Aid Society. Short
i ly after 8 o'clock Company G, headed
by the band, marched from camp to the
hall, under the command of Captain
! Power. The boys opened the pro
j gramme with an exhibition drill. They
; received overwhelming applause, which
! they richly deserved. The entertain
i ment was followed by the dance. The
floor manager was L.cc McCumsky,
i who was assisted by W. J. Aubrey,
| Harry Yandle and William Noonan.
Captain D. J. McCarthy was officer
\ of the day and Lieutenants F. Wyms
j and J. Long officers of the guard to
day.
Rev. Father O'Mahoney of St.
| Charles parish arrived from San Fran
1 Cisco. He will be the guest of Colonel
j Sullivan for the balance of the week.
POWDER WORKS BLOWN
UP BY JHEATED ACIDS
Disaster Near Hannibal, Mo., in
Which Fortunately No Lives
Are Lost.
HANNIBAL, Mo.. July 19.-The sep
arating house at the Hercules Powder
Works, located twelve miles below this
city, on the St. Louis, Keokuk and North
western Railroad, has been blown up as
I the result of the acid becoming 1 heated
I Two employes were in the building but
they had warning and escaped before the
explosion occurred. The building was
totally demolished. No estimate of the
damage has been made yet, but the prin
cipal loss will result from the closing of
the plant. Only giant powder and similar
explosives are manufactured at the
I plant.
DIED.
WALSH— In Vallejo, July 19, 1898. James, be-
loved husband of Anne Walsh, and father of
W. J- and Annie E. Walsh, Mrs. F. Law-
rence and Mrs. R. Waters, a native of County
Galway, Ireland, aged 55 years.
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
home In Vallejo, thence to St. Vincent's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
MAD RUSH OF
THE STARVING
Supply Ship Unloads at
Santiago.
PEOPLE FIGHT LIKE DEMONS
TROOPS STOP THE RAVENOUS
ONSLAUGHT.
Entire Cargo Is Finally Distributed.
Water Supply of the City About
to Be Turned On
Again.
Copyrighted, 1898, by the Associated Press.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 18, via
Kingston, Jamaica, Tuesday, July 19. —
The Red Cross Society's steamer State
of Texas arrived yesterday at 6 o'clock
In the afternoon and this morning at
daybreak Dr.Elwell, who was in charge
of the work of unloading, secured eight
stores in the heart of the city and one
large shed on the dock, engaged eighty
stevedores and began to unload the
steamer about 6 o'clock. She had 1400
tons of provisions on board.
The distribution began at 3 o'clock,
allowing a pound and a half of rations
to each citizen. When the unloading
began crowds of half-starved citizens
rushed to the dock, fighting, trampling
one another under foot, breaking open
the cases and stealing the supplies.
Finally a picket c-f troops was placed
on the wharf, refusing admittance to
any one. The entire cargo had been
landed before the distribution began.
Each applicant was furnished with a
ration ticket, supplied by the local com
missioners, with General McKibben's
indorsement.
The water supply of the city which
was cut off on July 3 above El Caney
by General Garcia's troops, leaving the
town without water, will be turned on
again to-night. The ice factory re
sumed work to-day, using the rain
water supply in the cisterns.
All the liquor stores, wholesale and
retail, are closed under General Shat
ter's orders, but the Spanish soldiers
have a large stock of rum on hand,
which they are exchanging for our
hardtack and corned beef.
Last night the city was very quiet,
and there were no disturbances, the
distribution of the supplies from the
State of Texas being anxiously awaited,
as there was literally nothing in the
city to eat.
Before the refugees left for El Caney
flour was selling at $150 per barrel,
beans at $90 per hundred pounds, con
densed milk at $5 a tin and hardtack
at $1 apiece.
At El Caney the prices were still
higher — $25 for a tin of condensed milk
and $5 for a piece of hardtack. The
ruin and want in the city are almost
inconceivable.
Twenty-five Cubans, political prison
ers, are still in the local jail, but a re
port has been submitted on the subject
by Cuban residents to General McKib
ben, the temporary Military governor,
and their release is expected.
Admiral Sampson, accompanied by
Commodore Schley and the marine
staff, landed at 9 o'clock this morning
from the Vixen and met the municipal
officers of Santiaeo.
Costly Fire in an Enerlish City.
LONDON. July 19.— 1t is estimated that
the loss sustained in the fire at Sunder
land last evening will amount to $2,000,000.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs "W Greene. Colusa Mrs Bprry, Selma
Mrs E Gould. Colusa Mrs Williams, Selma
W Black. Holllster Mrs Dwyer. Sacto
Mrs Berry, Selma H Johnson, Sacto
Mrs Williams, Selma G Thomas, Valleio
R J Baldwin, Sacto Mrs J B Crow. Cal
A Dromlcb, f'al Mrs B 1? <"nry. Fresno
H Lorentser, Stockton J C Col Iyer, sacto
Dr Whttlick, Merced F Keller. Bartlett Spg
E Freeman, Oakland E Hush. Bartlett Spgs
F Smallwond, Sacto H Sherrill, Denver
J H Bishop & w. N V R Cnsmer. ColltM
H Long. Akron W Waters, Spreckels
0 H Taylor. Chlco J McCauley&w. St PI
B Hanks. Cqlusa A B Smith. Fresno
A Rice. Riverwlda L Peters. S Maria
J Mclntire. Sactn E Adcock. Cal
D Palmer&w, St Louis C Moitzen, Pt Reyes
Mrs Feazol. St Loulb M Menacses. Stockton
T C Gibbons. Stockton B F Porter. Phoenix
J H Hicks. Fresno E C Cary & w. Lodl
W Gardner. Alanka W Jenkins, Sonora
Mrs Hlaek, Sacto
PALAPE HOTEL.
A C Kennedy. NY R Yerinßton & w, Nev
A Oraukenberff. NY O E Goodman & w.Cal
J Wurd & w, Boston J B Peakes, Sta Cruz
A O Berman, Berkeley R L Cordlff. Sta Cruz
G Dlllworth & w. Pa IF A Aldrich & w, Cal
Miss I Ml! worth. Pa |E S Morlne, IrvinKton
W A Harris. Los Ang iA F Jones, Orovllle
L Feade, New York IT D Paret &w, Pa
T N Bishop & w, N V 1J L Copeland, Los Ang
C H Vines, New York L Kahn. Oakdale
J R McGraw, Boston |F Whltmore, Stanford
A N Douglass, Boston. W Whltmore, Stanford
J A Falrchil.l, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
1 T Sullivan. Colo jj McCudden. Vallelo
J B Kelly. Boston I Miss McCudden, Valljo
C W Hatch, Vall«jo !Mlss W Edson, Cal
E P Phelps, Los Ans |Mlbß Roma. N V
Mrs H Ettllng, L Ang T E IV>uplass, N V
R Levy, Los Ang-eles W H Dlr-ri", Woodland
F Spranue, Fort Baker 3 White, Woodland
I Bugontianl, t'tah T Moore & w, N V
U E Harris, Oakland IJ M Roberts. Oakland
W C Ames, Berkeley H S Middleton. Cal
M Frledlander. Chgo I CKllbourne, Seattle
F Dood. Fresno IH Burke. Chgo
H D Mathness. w &]K O RosberK. Ukiah
boy, San Jose
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G B Heath, Fresno A R Mllletts.Petaluma
X A Hamilton. Chffo J E Morrl?sey. Oaklnd
\V J Stuart. Chgo J McN'amara, Eng
\V M Beeler. Alamo P Sharp, Lod.l
C W Squires, Kans Miss B Subers, Cal
A Miller, Alaska Miss X Miller, Cal
A J Born, San Ramon H M Martin, Tulara
A Mitchell. Winters J W Wade. lone City
C Snodfrrass, Winters F Mag-ginl, San Jose
J W Ellsworth. Cal C B Prater. Sacto
F H Schultz. lowa H
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, July 19.
Russian bark Westbury, Tackow, 70 days
from Hongkong.
Stmr Starbuck, Blackman, 20 days 9 hours
from Panama and way ports.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BEAR HARBOR— Sailed July 19— Stmr West
port, for Newport.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed July 19— Stmr Coqutlle
River, for San Francisco.
PORT ANGELES— SaiIed July 19 — Chilean
ship Star of Bengal, for Australia.
TACOMA— July 19— Stmrs Cottage City
and City of Seattle, for Alaska.
SEATTLE— Arrived July Stmr Roanoke.
from St Michael.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
ANTWERP— Arrived July 17— Stmr Western
land, from New York. . .
NEW YORK— Sailed July 19— Stmr Taurle,
for Liverpool. .
Arrived July Stmr Frederick der Grosse,
from Bremen.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived July 19 — Stmr
Waesland, from Philadelphia.
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban FntndMO
Call, corner of Market imM Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery (treat,
corner Clay; open until 9:SO o'clock.
887 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; ~--n until 9:SO o'clock.
1941 Minslon street; open until 10 o'clock.
2251 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open vntll 9 o'flock.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment Offlce— Flrst-claaa se-
lect help. 836 Market «t. ; phone Clay I*o.
MEETING NOTICES.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M., ■ •
121 Eddy st., will meet to attend the _J\_
funeral of our late brother, SAMUEL TK2T
LOCKE, THIS WEDNESDAY, at I:4{/V>
p. m. Master Masons are invited. : ::'"
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. •
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES-_JV_
DAY) EVENING. July 20th. at 7:30 iSjf
o'clock. Second degree. /V^
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. & A. M. ■
Called meeting THIS ( WEDNESDAY) _#%_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second TS3T
degree. C. D. BUNKER, Secretary. /^T
MASTER Mariners' Benevolent Asso- -■£-_-
elation— Special meeting— All mem- A.X <**
bers are requested to be present at ■I*^J>-
hall. Alcazar building. WEDNES- "
DAY AFTERNOON. July 20, at 3 o'clock, for
the purpose of making arrangements for at-
.. d inK the funeral of our deceased brother,
JAMES JOHNSON, July 21, at Oakland. By
order of the President.
L. TRAUNG, Rec. Sec.
THE regular meeting of the San Fran- (71
Cisco Bricklayers Association will be I
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- Jgt .
ING, July 20, IS9S, at B. B. Hall. &M
121 Eddy st., at o'clock. A full at- }*&?
tendance requested. Business of im- * lif*
portance. . «•
E. J. BRANDON. President.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meeting
of stockholders of the Hakalau Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the
company. 327 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.,
on MONDAY, the Ist day of August, IS9S, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose
of electing a Board of Directors to serve for
the ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. Transfer books will close on Friday,
July 29, IS3B, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. .
ANNUAL meeting of the Risdon iron and
Locomotive Works— The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Rlsdon Iron and
Locomotive Works, for the election of trus-
tees for the ensuing year and the transac-
tion of such other business as may be
brought before the meeting, will be held at
the office of the company, southeast corner
of Beale and Howard streets, San Francisco,
on MONDAY, the Ist day of August. 1898,
at 11 o'clock a. m. L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
THE orphans and half orphans admitted Into
St. Francis' Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum
since January 1. IS9B, to July 1, IS9S, are as
follows: Orphans— Jessie Hawkins 7. Mary
Kelly 7; half orphans— Anna Madden 8. Mary
Pratra 7, Anna Pratra 3, Enestl Pratra 4
(male), Mervyn Rooney 3, Leo Rooney 8, John
Rooney 6, Anvedeo Vetera 6 (male), Vlcto-
reen Holland 3. Ellsa Holland 2, Louisa Hol-
land 4. William O'Connor 3, Mary Strong 7,
admitted December 31, 1597.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6: tel. 6680.
JESSIE RAYDEM, alcohol baths and mas-
sage. 101 Eddy st., room 12.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15% Turk and Ills Market, rms. 15-16.
DIVIDEND NOICC-S.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 83 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market St., on and after August 1,
ISfIS. Transfer books will close on Tuesday,
July 26, 189S, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. 11. SHELDON. Secretary.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company, Pan Francisco, July 18. 189S.— At a
regular meeting of the board of directors of
this company, held this day. a dividend was
declared, payable on and after July 20. 1898.
BERNARD FAYMONVILLE. Secy.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 57 (flft>
cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the >
of lice of the company, 327 Market St., on ana j
after Wednesday, July 20. IS9S. Transfer
books wll! close on Thursday, July 14, 1898,
at 3 o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse or
second girl or housework; $10 to $15; refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN, WIT, Sutter St.
SUPERIOR Norwegian parlor maid and wait-
ress desires situation; best references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLAPS cook desires situation where
Fhe can have her child (9 years old) with
her; country; willing to do housework; best
references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS young German cook desires
situation; 2 years last place; city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS Infant's nurse desires situation;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St. '
SWEDISH housegirl; good cook and laundress;
2 years' references, strong and willing; $15 to .
$20. MRP. NORTON, 313 Butter st.
GREEN Swedish girl wishes place to assist
in housework; $8 to $10. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st. . ,
GERMAN girl wishes place; housework; sec-
ond work or take care of children; $12 to $15.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st. ; tel. Green 721.
COMPETENT Canadian woman, best of refer-
ence, desires a situation to do cooking and
housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
A NO. 1 second girl 2V4 years city reference
desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
RESPECTABLE Eastern mother and daugh-
ter would like positions together; good cooks:
trustworthy, thorough working housekeepers;
good waitresses; can cook for men; good ref-
erences; city or country; . wages $35 to $40.
Call at .'6 Halght st.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation for
housework or cooking on milk ranch: city or
country: will work for $10 or $12 per month;
no postals. 1325 Market, opp. Jones, rm. 19.
YOUNG lady of good business ability. Just
finished a course at Ayres' Business College,
wishes a position as stenographer; wages
nominal. Address box 201, Call office.
YOUNG German woman with a child would
like a situation for housekeeping or general
housework; country preferred. Call 210 East
• St., between Howard and Folsom.
YOUNG girl wishes situation for light house-
work or attend bakery; has had experience
in both. Please call or address 440 Natoma.
YOUNG girl would like situation to assist In
light housework or as nursegirl; good home
more object than wages. Call 142 Ninth st.
YOUNG lady wishes situation; companion and
nurse to invalid lady or child; references.
Address B. A. V., box 154, Call office.
RELIABLE woman, good cook, wishes po-
sition In exchange for good home; no objec-
tion to country. Box 14S. Call office.
YOUNG widow with girl 4 years of age, wishes
to do housework in place where there are no
children. 1739 Stockton st.
YOUNG woman of culture wishes position as
housekeeper or with family of two; refer-
ences exchanged. Box 190. Call office. •
RESPECTABLE young woman-wishes to do
housework; small family. Call or address
215 Harriet St., near Sixth. .
FIRST-CLASS dress and cloak maker will take
work at home; tailor suits reasonable. 760
Folsom st.
GERMAN woman wants work by the flay
washing and house cleaning. 502 Stevenson
St.. corner Sixth, near Market.
AMERICAN woman wishes to do light work
In American family; $12. 920 Jackson St., be-
tween Powell and Mason.
RELIABLE woman, who Is a good cook,
wishes situation to do housework In small
family. 308 Jessie St., near Fourth.
ELDERLY American woman wishes a place
on ranch r Is a good cook and housekeeper.
136 Fifth St., near Howard. ■
COMPETENT : woman wishes a situation In a
respectable house; general housework. Ad-
dress 32 Fourth st. '
COMPETENT girl wishes a position as seam-
stress by the day. Inquire 1657 Post st.
RESPECTABLE young girl wishes position to
do housework. 720 Montgomery aye.
GOOD mangier wishes employment; city or
country. Address box 163, Call. ,
YOUNG, strong girl wishes a position to do
■ general housework and cooking-. Please call
at 1910 McAllister st. ■ .
COMPETENT German woman wishes work as
chambermaid or second work. 2033 Missldn.
YOUNG Swedish woman with 2-year-old child
would like situation at light housework.
Please call 967 Mission st.
WANTED— By middle-aged woman, to do
housework. $6 per month. Apply 3333 Twen-
. tieth st. ; basement. .
YOUNG girl would do light housework for
• small - wages and ■ every evenins free for
studying. Call 2013 Broderlck st.
RESPECTABLE German girl wishes situation
cooking and general housework in private
family. Please call 347 Minna st. y
YOUNG German girl wishes situation; upstairs
work or ■ waiting on table; good reference
1022 Larkln at. . "
YOUNG strong German woman, not afraid of
work, wants washing. Ironing, cleaning- $i
and car fare. M.," 1133 Folsom st.
GOOD cook wants position, or will do any kind
of work. 341 Minna st.
REFINED ' young lady wishes position as of-
fice clerk or. travelling companion to lady
best of references. Apply between 9 and 11-io
a. m., 26 Turk st.
RESPECTABLE lady with little girl wishes
position as working housekeeper; good cook-
• city or country. Box 323, Kearny at., r. ; 16. ..':
GERMAN girl . wants situation for general
; housework or cookinc 1309 Stockton st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.^
WANTED— trustworthy, middle-aged wo-
man position as working housekeeper in
lodging house; 1 small wages; good home
wanted. Box 143. Call office. _____
FINE pianist and singer wishes position to
teach in refined family, country, or as com-
panion to refined lady; will travel. Box 296,
Call office. . . '■ ..*:
A YOUNG girl wishes to do light housework:
no cooking; sleep home. Call at 34% Mary
St., between Howard and Mission; no postal.
WANTED, by a reliable girl, a situation to do
light housework or take care of children;
sleep home. Box 195, Call.
LADY offers services in dental parlors for den-
tal work. Box 123, Call office.
AMERICAN woman desires position to cook
for men; in answer state wages and num-
ber. Address box 194, Call.
WIFE of soldier wants work by the day house-
cleaning or any kind of work. 507 Birch aye.
GOOD reliable Eastern woman wants posi-
tion as working housekeeper; city or coun-
try. MRS. L. FRANCIS. Oakland, Cal..
general delivery.
MIDDLE-AGE woman, - "id cook and house-
keeper, desires employment. Address box
215. Call.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes a position to do
general housework. Apply 1135 Florida st.
GIRL from the country wishes situation to do
t general housework in private family. New
Golden Gate Hotel, 134 Fourth St.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office:
best help. 414U UFarrell st.: tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay St.
MAN of family wants position: guard, watch-
man, foreman on vineyard or ranch, team-
ster or grocery clerk; can furnish bond; 1 year
at last place; wages not less than $50. Box
10S, Call office.
YOUNG Scandinavian wishes situation In pri-
vate family to take care of horses, cows and
garden; good references. Address J. TYNE,
11 Mission st.
JAPANESE, good housekeeper, wants a situ-
ation, plain cook and housework, or lodging-
house. Address WILLIAM TALLA, 1 Eddy
! place.
YOUNG man, 20 years of age, wishes situation
in wholesale hardware or ship chandlery busl-
ness; strictly temperate. Box 159, Call office.
GOOD milker and buttermaker, has run a sep-
arator, seeks engagement. JOHN NELSON,
Dairyman, 302 Fourth St.; upstairs.
YOUNG married man wishes a situation to
take care of horses and work in a garden.
Box 263, Call office.
CARPENTER wants work; city or country-
Bex 223, Call office.
CAKE baker wishes situation. G. PALM, 480
Jessie st.
OPTICIAN; thoroughly competent; good diplo-
ma; will take position anywhere; store or
travel; have excellent and complete outfit.
OPTICIAN, 103 Grove St.
YOUNG man, understands care of horses and
general work about place, desires employ-
ment. Address box 183. Call Office.
, 1
WANTED— carpenter, a situation In city or
country; experienced in all Its branches: best
of references given. Address J. M., box 105,
Call Office.
MIDDLE-AGED German, Just from New York,
wishes situation as coachman: good refer-
ences. CHAS. LAENGER, 621 California st.
STEADY reliable man wants situation on pri-
vate country place; understands care of
horses, lawn, garden, etc.; good references.
Box 21, Call office.
i WANTED- Situation as shipping clerk on
water, front or purser on steamer; best of city
references. Box 29, Call office.
YOUNG Frenchman wishes a situation in
hotel or private house to learn English: will- |
Ing to do anything. Address box 25, Call.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St.. near
Market: £00 rooms. 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 GEARY ST..
WANT TO-DAY.
Head waitress, country hotel $23 '
2 waitresses, Gllroy Hot Springs $20 !
Waitress, Woodland $20 j
Waitress, Larkspur resort $20 !
Waitress, La Honda $20 '
Waitress, Port Costa $20 j
Waitress, Cisco, free fare $20
Institution cook, city $30
2 French Ironers. city hotel, $30 and board.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st., want to-
day cook and housetrlrl, small American fam-
ily. $20; nursegirl, 2 children. $20; second girl,
small family, $20; 10 housegirls, city, $20,
- girl, small American family, $30; second girl, j
short way in country, fare paid, $15, see lady
here 9a. m. to-day. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
SECOND girl and governess, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter 6t.
WAITRESS, sleep home, $15 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED German second girl, $20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, $25, country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Suiter st.
COMPETENT French cook desires situation;
understands making entrees; best references.
MISS CULLEN. 225 Sutter f»t,
SECOND girl, $10, sleep home. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl. $25; French maid. $25; nurse,
$25; 12 housework prirls, city and "country, $20
and $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, 2 in family. $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WORKING housekeeper, $10. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, Fresno, $25. MISS CULLEN. 326
Putter st. ;■.,.-.-
GERMAN nursery governess. $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
GERMAN girl, bakery, $15. MRS. NORTON,
1 313 Sutter. .
HOUSE girl $15; no cooking: German second
girl. $20; seamstress, $20. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st. :
GERMAN girl housework, $25; cook, $25; nurse \
girl, $20: short distance. MRS. NORTON, 313 j
Sutter st. i
CHAMBERMAID, $15; middle-aged woman to
do chamber work; short distance. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SCANDINAVIAN cook. 2 in family. $25; cook.
German style, $25; girl for housework. Amer-
ican family. $25; 2 Protestant and French sec-
ond girls, $20; 2 Ironers in laundry. $30 and $10 I
per week; 9 waitresses and chambermaids, |
$20, $22 60, In hotels, resorts, etc., and girls i
for cooking and housework. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 316 Sutter 6t.
CHAMBERMAID and do waiting, country ho-
tel. $20. see party here 9 o'clock this morning;
girls for housework, country. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
AT the German Employment Office. MRS.
LAMBERT. 417 Powell St., girls of all na-
tionalities to fill various positions. ,
WANTED— 2S girls to fill various situations at
best wages. MRS. HIRD, 631 Larkin st.
GENTLEMAN wishes a practical and patient
young lady teacher in English; must have the i
best pronunciation and articulation of every i
verb: ventriloquists and nasoloquists need not '
apply. Box 162. Call office.
GIRL for housework and washing; wages $10
17 Hartford st., between Eighteenth and Nine-
teenth,. Noe and Castro sts. :
WANTED— Two lady piano players in the
country. Call or address E. R., 203 Powell st
room 9, between 1 and 3.
GIRL wanted for general housework and cook-
ing. 511 Van Ness aye.
YOUNG lady assistant in bath parlors- Eastern
preferred. Address box 214, Call office.
GIRL, general housework; no cooking- be-
tween 9 and 11. 2643 Bryant at., near' 25th.
GIRL assist light housework; help with child-
slo. 565 Bryant st.; middle flat.
GIRL for housework. Apply between 1 and 2 '
p. m.. 507 Guerrero st. ; references required.
G L f £ ousew °rk; 2ln family, no washing,
$20. 631 Larkin at.
l? LTL T wanted for light housework; good home.
. 801 Hayes st. . - ■
LEARN dressmaking & millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c up. McDowell' , 103 Post.
WOMEN and girls 'to work on fruit. Apply i
immediately California Canneries Co., Bran- i
nan St., bet. Third and Fourth.
CANNERS— Expert cannera wanted. Apply
immediately Callfornlan Canneries Co., Bran-
nan st., bet. Third and Fourth.
REFINED mannered woman, for office mana-
ger; tact and good sense rather than ex-
perience, necessary; permansnt position. r.ox
- 192. ■ Examiner office. .
GIRL to assist at light housework; small fam-
lly. ' 30 Valley st.. near Guerrero. *"
100 GIRLS to peel fruit, at the Overland Pack-
Ing Company, 912 Battery st.
GOOD girl wanted for general housework. 731
Green at. < . : ■ .
WANTED— Experienced Tampers; stitchers and,
general shoe fitters. Apply at shoe' factory of i
CAHN, NICKELSBURG _ CO., 115 Hayes at |
HELP Continued.
WANTED-A competent girl for general house- ,
work and cooking. Apply -•tl&-CIay st.
LEARN sewing at Kelsler Ladies' Tailoring P
College, 118 McAllister St.; patterns to order. V
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School, 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit: no trying on: trial free.
~~~ HELP WANTED— MALE. .
AT C R HANSEN & CO 'S. 104 GEARY ST.
A To C da?' tor Alaska . . . . . ■ ■ Skaguay Railroad
steamer sails this morning: all rockmen i and
laborers wanting to go call this ™°™ ln J lr^:
fore 9 o'clock for reduced rate T tlcket 8 -,- alr "_
"to Skaguay. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. <■■'' -,' . .
..FOR VANCOUVER. B. C. RAILROAD....
Fare Advanced — • ••»•
20 more Italian railroad laborers to go thl|
morning by steamer; good wages; steady Job|
call before 9 a. m. ready to go. C. it. nA^*
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FOR CALIFORNIA •••••
Foreman experienced at working a grading
gang $3 a day. free fare - ••
100 teamsters and laborers for the Coast road.
Valley road and Visalia extension; ship every
day •• c --^"^ A ygEN"&'c'6'.'."l'o4"Geary st.
"c.'r!'hAXSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
THREE ranch carpenters. $30 and found, lone
job: 2 milkers. $25; 15 farm hands. $20 and
found: vegetable gardener. $25: 5 barkers and
buckers. $35 and found; spool tender, $3o and
found; millpond man, $30 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
CHEF, country hotel, $100; head cook, country
hotel $90, see party here 9 a. m. ; dishwasher,
springs, $20: third cook, $35; second cook,
country restaurant, $30 and room; cook,
country restaurant, $10 a week, fare 25c; I
dishwashers, summer resort, $25 each; cook,
small country hotel, $40; old man to cook
for one man $12; second cook, country hotel,
$35. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
CONFECTIONER, country shop, $10 a we*k
and found, see party here; cake baker who
can make ice cream, small country hotel,
$35- baker who can assist cook, country ho-
tel. $35. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
BUTCHER who can slaughter and make Baa-
sage, country shop, $35 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
NEAT French-speaking waiter, $50; Indoor ser-
vant with reierences. who can wait, $35 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
MAN about place, with references. $25; man,
about place, hotel, $20. C. R. HANSEN &
. CO.. 104 Geary st. ■
$3 DAY Hay balers. l d 4 r
6 strong men to work on a hay press. MUR-
RAY & READY, 624 and 636 Clay st.
ENGINEER country sawmill; see boss her*.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay at.
3 LUMBER pliers; country sawmill; see boM
here. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
TYPEWRITER, stenographer and assist on
books; see boss here 9 a. m. ; large country
firm. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
BAND sawyer and wood turner; country plan-
ing mill; $2 SO day. MURRAY A READY.
634 and 636 Clay st. ■
SAUSAGE maker 8. butcher*
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
LOOK Waiters Look
12 waiters for different places, $30, $25 and $20
per month and found: 2 porters for saloons.
$25 and found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and
636 Clay st. '
A— LOOK Cooks Look
9 cooks for different places, $55. $45 and $25
per month and found; 3 dishwashers, $20 and
$15 per month and found. MURRAY _
READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
TO the mines To the mines
55 men as common laborers
No experience required
$2 50 a day Wages from $2 60 a day
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay at.
93 WOODCHOPPERS $1 and $1 50 a cord
112 tiemakers 9c and lie each
56 railroad teamsters $1 75 a day
20 laborers to cut brush $30 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay at. i
BAKER; country hotel; assistant baker. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
PAPER hanger: city. MURRAY St READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
LAUNDRY help— laundryman. $30 and
found; 3 ironers. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
TO the gold fields in California: 12 pick and
shovel laborers, $1 75 a day. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
WANTED— SIack work coopers, $30 and board;
12 wood choppers. SI 25 and $1 50 cord; 50
laborers for country, $1 75 day, long Job: I
ironers for country. $30; hand washers, $30;
farmers, milkers, choremen, etc. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento Ft.
WANTED — 2 carpenters for mine, to go to-day,
$3 day: 4 miners, $2 GO day. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook for li miners., ttO, good Job;
— colored boy to wait on officers; third hand
baker, $30 and found: hotel and restaurant
cooks, waiters and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Waiter for coffee house, $25; waiter
for hotel, $25; young man to wait on table,
$20; second cook, German, $60; cook for fam- '
ily. $30; gardener, $30: Indoor servant, with
references. $30; man and wife, private place,
country, $35; boy for barber shop. $3 a week;
boy to learn trade. $3 a week; groom, private
place, $30; choreman for resort, $10, and
others. ANDRE'S.
WANTED— Driver for milk route In city, ref-
erences required, $30 and found, good place;
foreman for dairy near city, must understand
running separator, $35 and found; farmers,
milkers, laborers, cooks, waiters and dish-
washers. W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st.
2 CROSSCUT sawyers, Sonoma County, $26 and
board; quarryman and granite-cutters; planer-
men, $2 50 a day; waiter, boarding-house, $25;
camp blacksmith, $26 and board; cook for few
men. $20. R. T. WARD & CO., 608-610 Clay st.
CUTTERS with references; experienced with
popular priced tailoring. Address Tailors,
box 197, Call.
WANTED— A good waiter at the Washington
Hotel. 622 Fourth st.
TWO barbers for suburban town: steady posi-
tion. Apply 871 Market st., opposite Powell.
LUNCH waiter. 210 First at.
SHOEMAKER wanted; a young man on repair-
ing. 934 Valencia st.
GOOD tailor to work on blouses and pants. U.
S. Tailor Shop, 164 Jessie, up stairs.
WANTED— A waiter at 60S Sixth st.
BARBER wanted; steady. 39 Turk at.
WANTED— A bushelman; must be German.
509 Valencia st.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 44 Turk St.; $30 a
month.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Barnard, Sec., 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1184.
GENT to take orders for printing. Apply P.
BOUI.IN, 519 Filbert st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 larg«
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week. . ,
YOUNG man to learn barber trade. 1541
Market st.
MEN to learn barber trade in 8 weeks. Saa
Francisco Barber College, 138^ Eighth st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. 8.
FUCHS, Sec.. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 138.
SAILORS and. ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, £04 Davis St., near Jackson.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764H Mission.
men to take rooms; *loc, 15c and 25c per _^
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week. ~
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling, 35c; only one price. 959 Howard st.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Roßedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. ■- .
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Lindel House, Sixth and Howard sta.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter at.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third at., near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c a night: reading room:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
____________
AGENTS WANTED!
WANTED— Agents to take territory for the
sale of Home Comfort Washing Machines;
patent No. 599.023 granted Otto Spellmeyer.
St. Louis, Mo.; quick selling article; liberal
commissions. F. OBERMILLER. State
Agent. Present address, 2129 Charming Way.
Berkeley. Cal. v.
AGENTS, both sexes; quick seller; large com-
mission. Address LEFFLER & RUSSELL,
329 Jessie St.. S. F.
~~~~~ PARTNERS WANTED. ~~™
WANTED— Partner for prospecting in North
California; must have had some previous
practice and also be intelligent person. Box
158. Call Office.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— The care of house, between Van
Ness aye. and Steiner St.; parties going
away: references given. Address box 214, Pa-
cific Grove. ■ • -
~" FURNITURE WANTED.
H. BAUM buys furniture and . general mer-
chandise. 1057 Market St.: tel. Jessie 32.
MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — Binocular telescope; must be pow-
* erf ul, food order and cheap for cash. Z_ 0.,
box 107, Call office... ' BUSINESS CHANCES.
SALOON near lnrßf-st public bulMlng~or
■city, where thousands transact business dally-
■ s?ri«ay c "EBg!'% M;;r^^ rKeshareoi
J2SOO— CORNER saloon- down town; on Market
•st.: no competition; doing excellent business;.
tgom for large increase; could be enlarged
into wholesale and retail liquor concern; no
■better location in town for such purpose;
L-gi c Ji n i S3 - Cause Bale - LK SS. 765 Market st. '
JIOOO-QROCERY and" bar;"" best corner on
fourth st.; rent only $30; good horse and
wagon; large stock; big bar trade; an »1
ket e s : t worth looking Int6. M. LESS. 765 Mar-
HCt St.
$' -RESTAURANT near East St.; fine trade,
both trans ent and regular; supplying crews
mnnVv ™ if. r °° ms or captains and officers;
m t &o2 la » nc w concern; best on city front.
si. LESS, res Market st. <
j makkkt-st. clear Btors; central; neat.
lmitlng stand; bound to draw custom; rent
?m,,r.'J? vn 7 office attached pays rent: an
i.nrr-vedented offer: an "nequaled sacrifice;
departure for East cause of sale. M. LESS
: .65 Market st.. opp. Pheland building.
* 2^7inn^ N1 i X clßar slore ln Kood business lo-
catlon on Kearny st. ; quod chance for buyer;
s™* be ,, li - M - L ESS, 765 Market St.. op-
_ poslteJPhelan building.
* 6c^~ p , ArtTXER wanted In a saloon and lodg-
ing-house: located on water front; doing a
raying business , all the time and a rushing
trade with navigators; too much business for
JISJS* 115 '"J'eMis-ate at once; a fine business
opening, WILKE & CO., -. Market st.
$600— GERMAN boarding-house, with saloon; 9
• l urnl »ned rooms; rent $20; surrounded by Iron
foundries; a ,1 rsl " class opening and rare
chance. WILKE. 845 Market st.
11050— INTEREST In beer bottling association
• of leading brewery: this share clears above
$150 per month; a rare chance; owner Is en-
gaged in other enterprises and cannot attend
_ rartir-ilans WILKE, 845 Market st. ■
$600--RESTAURANT and chophouse; doing a
" r Bt-class paying business; close to Market
and East sts.; low rent; investigate; owner
mu«*t leave at once and no Reasonable offer
refused. Call on R. G. WILKE. 845. Market.
A— s4oo; PARTNER In first-class paying busi-
• ness, on Keurny st - near Market, clearing
easily $250 per month; no opposition; a rare
chance. For particulars. WILKE. 845 Market.
HIGHEST cash prices paid for restaurants,
saloons, fixtures, grocery stocks. STENBERO
A CO.. 26Vi> Kearny st.
• A— STENBERG.& CO '.
;'"*'■ 2G>* Kearny St., near Market.
Fine liquor store $1, 200
Restaurant, ' near carhouse 300
Corner grocery and bar; bargain 400
Old-established carpet beating works 1,200
Saloon, opposite the ferry 200
, Candy factory and Ice cream parlor 600
Branch bakery; must be sold 200
BAKERY; old established, good business;
4 rooms and kttchen; cheap rent; fine horse
and wagon. McLAUQHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny.
$250 — Fruit store; . 4 rooms; horse; wagon*
clears $75 month. McLAUGHLIN. 23 Kearny.
$300— FRUIT store, with horse and wagon: great
bargain. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$400— PARTNER wanted ln the manufacturing
• of staple poods; steady man required. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$3000— BAZAAR, plumbing and tinware busi-
ness; stock worth the price aaked; selling- on
account of departure. McLAUGHLIN & CO
23 Kearny st. . '
1150— PARTNER waited ln a good paying res-
taurant: fine chance. McLAUGHLIN. 23
Kearney at,
FIRST-CLASS restaurant on Market st ■
receipts $30 per day; price $250; $150 cash'
ROGERS ft HYI'K, U_j Market st
A— RESTAURANT and building; long lease:
good stock and fixtures; rent $25; receipts $20
a day. ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st.
A— BRANCH bakery; 3 furnished rooms; bar-
gain $125. ' ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market.
A— CIGAR store; receipts $350 per month; cen-
tral. ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market. St.
A— CANDY and Ice cream parlor; retiring from
business. ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st.
$1000— CANDY manufactory and Ice cream par-
lor: elegant soda fountain; near theaters.
KREDO & CO.
A— CANDY and ice cream parlor: elegant fix-
tures; good business; make offer. KREDO
& CO.
A— MEAT market; $2000 monthly; nothing bet-
ter for practical butcher.; make offer. KRE-
DO & CO.
- $600— WILL secure partnership In splendid pay-
ing business in live town near city doing
$t>so monthly; no opposition: must be man of
strict integrity and a baker; references given
• and required; fullest investigation courted.
• City agency 850 Market st.
$200— FRUIT and vegetable stand; Western Ad-
dition; $12 day guaranteed; trial given; a bar-
grain. City Agency, KM Market st.
$Sdo-^3ROCERY and bar; living rooms; fine
location; established many years; rent $31 ;
cash and easy terms. City Agency. SOU Mar-
ket St.
♦*X>— GREAT sacrifice; fish market; fine busi-
ness ; 3 living rooms; low rent. BASILE, 873U
Market st.
A LA I > or gentleman having; capital and
wants to Invest in a paying business write to
Charles Knapp, 10554 Folsom st. ; something
new. • .- ■ - . '
CANDY and cigar store; 3 living rooms;
furniture; cheap rent; sacrifice; -sickness
cause of sale; with or without furniture. 528
Third st. .
ACROSS bay laundry; horse, " wagon ' and Im-
• plements; cheap: must be sold on account of
departure. Address box 303, Berkeley.
FOR SALE— ISc barber shop. 2 chairs, fine fix-
tures- best location; good paying business.
MEYSEL. 1504 Park St.. Alameda.
FOR Sale— loo shares (or less) Sanitary Reduc-
tion Works; make offer. Box 115, Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap on account of
sickness. 137 Fourth st.
BRANCH bakerj'. notion and candy store; 3
living rooms; $150. 805% Filbert st. ';'.-■.
"8090 ACRES of coal land in one body on Coos
Bay, Oregon, lying south of and joining the
Newport Tract, the best . known and most
successfully worked vein in Southern Oregon.
It lies 3*4 miles from deep water at the en-
trance of Coos Bay proper, with a depth of
id feet of water, with good anchorage and
the best natural advantages for a coaling
station en the Pacific Coast. This tract con-
tains two veins, the upper at an average
depth of 150 feet, 4 feet in thickness; the sec-
ond vein, 160 feet lower, averaging 6 feet, and
known as the Newport vein. Notwithstanding
the depth of these veins there is free drain-
age to three-fourths of the field. There Is also
timber enough on the tract for all mining
purposes. For further particulars apply to
NEIL MUNRO, box 18, Marshfield, Or.
GOOD chance for right party; dry goods and
gents' furnishings for sale, at reasonable
pries. . Transfer corner, 1203 Union st.
$800 — ROAD house and merchandise store on
main road near mines; worth double; party
having two places. Inquire 1633 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS saloon downtown on Market
st. ; superior location for wholesale and retail
liquor business; a bargain. Address 529 Baker.
FOR Stationery, Cigars and News'
Agency; a bargain; cheap rent. Address F.,
_ Box 180, Call. - ■
$1000— GOOD coffee and lunch house; centrally
located; no agents. Box 118, Call office.
FINE fixtures of a cigar stand for sal«. S3
Third st. ; stand to let.
LAUNDRY route, with horse and wagon, for
gale cheap. 19 Scott place.
— SALOON at 1111 Mission Bt.; must sell
to-day^ ■ .
RELIABLE partner wanted with $2500; well
established business. Box 24, Call office.
BEST-PAYING restaurant in Oakland; promi-
nently located corner 2 principal streets; ■ no
opposition; clearing $200 a month; sacrificed
for $650;. reason for selling, owner compelled
to go to Europe; trial riven before buying.
Address Owner, Call office, Oakland. ■
G r .on err and saloon in Hayes Valley for
tale. Apply Call office.
BAKERY and candy store; No. 1 location; cash
trade; also spring wagon, cabinet-maker s
bench ad foot-power circular saw. 1601
_J?rusli fit., Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS butcher business for sale cheap
on account of sickness.- Apply at once box ;
_12S. Call office. ; '__ |
'ENTERPRISING 'man can secure an increas-
ing income of $500 yearly for a loan of $300.
_^-a!l^room 20, 12 Telegraph aye.. Oakland.
1200— SALOON; billiard table and 7 furnished
rooms; cheap rent. OLSON. 300 Third st. '
SOBER steady plumber and tinsmith can take
long-used shop In center of town' St. Helena:
German preferred: rent $10 month. ' Address
ROSSI <■* ANDERSON, St. Helena. '. j
BARBER shop In a good/ live, growing town
•In Oregon; 2 chairs; good paying business; i
will give trial; sell account sickness. Apply :
■VILBON, 809 Guerrero st.
FOR Sale— A first-class grocery and bar; must
V* nB?n B ? I'l1 ' 1 « n *' "ur.t of departure to Manila.
Inquire WJC «MAN. LUTGEN & CO.. 31S
\» lil\
A r^iT, F: ?,~.T enant for X' j od plumbing shop at !
NKW p» Berkeley. Apply R. WAN-,
y^IJL/l^L^H'-K.IOS Fourth st., San Francisco.
F oia ■«t B fii«h5 eII J, rt ? ci '* grocery ;and bar;
j^^^z^ c£r of % ° wner ' 6
F De?Na,l??o Et^n outhwest " "■*<- Oak and
■ KKeleas.. In-
7 j r :,hed rcim. ftr s*l.'
'gkSffls
FOR sale— Call route j.t <;,„ r "~
ucular. apply « t Ut £_tf SSJS^aST "*
BUSINESS CHANCES—
HALF or whole interest In good paying butcher
; shop; cash business; elegant fixtures: central
| location. P., box 3. Call office, Oakland.
'■ C 2! JFFo,S& T tea routes supplied from GEO.
.W. CASWELL & : CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
$300— PARTNER wanted: light business; Indoor
work; no night or Sunday work; experience
not required; trial given; $20 to $30 a week
each can be made. 9 Geary st., roam 2.
FOR caLe— Half interest In barber shop; cheap.
13 Mason st.
'
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
I FOR SALE— Trip to Dawson City and a year's
provisions. Apply atlSOl Market st. '
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER, •"~~'~' r ~ ~~~ r~~ :
1020 MARKET ST . OPPOSITE FIFTH.
100-room; corner; new $12,500
37-room house for exchange ....- 700
10-room house; only .• 150
30-room house; clears $?U) 2500
21 rooms: corner; clears $15« l'K)0
4C-room house; corner 1400
15 rooms; line corner L"0
24 rooms; clears $100 800
19-room boarding house 1400
14 rooms; elegant furniture; cost $2200.... 1300
40-room house; only ISO cash ' 450
14 rooms on Powell st. : new 750
14 rooms; transient; clears $150 1400
16 rooms on Mission; new 1500
60-room bouse; corner 1600
22 rooms; near City Hall 500
18 rooms on Post St.; clears $100 1000
36 rooms; clears WO 1500
60 rooms; clears $100; 0n1y...-. 780
42 rooms; elegant, corner; clears $400.. 3500
22 rooms; new and rood:. s3oo cash 800
10 rooms; all rented: business street 300
25 rooms; on Market; clears $200 600
23 rooms; new furniture; clears $150 1004
100 rooms; corner; best, on earth 630*
H. <_'. DECKER.
1020 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE FIFTH.
'■ A— 4o ROOMS; near Baldwin $3300
14 rooms; pick up 150
26 rooms; rent $50 675
26 rooms; sunny corner 950
j 15 rooms; new and good 650
' 32 rooms: sunny corner; running water... 1750
14 rooms; transient 450
22 rooms; select; transient corner ;. 1800
10 rooms; rent $30: Golden Gate* ave 300
j 22 rooms; fine sunny corner 1400
! 32 rooms: clears $200 monthly 2500
I 31 rooms; fine for transients: part cash... 1050
-' rooms; transient; best in city 1500
18 .rooms; sunny corner;, a snap 650
62 rooms; rent $S0; come quick 1600
14 rooms; good transient house: O'Farrell 1200
! 22 rooms; new; near Tlvoll 950
46 rooms: Market st. clears $200; cheap.. 1250
I ROGERS A HYDE, 1206 Market st. (L. W.
Rogers, formerly clerk for H. C. Decker.)
KREDO & CO 22% Geary St.
Money to loan at low rates
105 rooms; clears $3rM) yearly $5500
60 rooms; Market St.; exchange for realty 3500
 61 rooms; Sixth St.; exchange for realty. 2500
4S rooms; family house; Geary st 2000
42 rooms; apartment house 2800
13 rooms; clears $50; central... 860
10 rooms; Eddy St.; rent $40 750
9 rooms; O'Farrell et. ; give-away 225
Other good bargains. KREDO. & CO.
A — TWO 45-room corner houses: big induce-
', ment given to good tenant. See SPECK &
i _ CO.. 602 Market st. .
RENT or sell— Best lodging house; best loca-
tion; newest and best beds. F. J. DECKER,
; 711>.j Mission St. --ffißSßa
I PRICE $1,000; rent $100; 22 rooms; 2 entrances,
13 and 154 Powell st. Apply to GREEN
■ ' • BROS., on premises. "
j WANTED — A vacant rooming house; north of
Market; 12 to IS rooms; cheap rent. Box 182,
Call office. ■■
PARTY wish to sell or buy; specialty In lodg-
ing-house; 100 bargains. BASILE, 873H Mkt.
36 FURNISHED rooms, corner house; trade for
lots. 1382 Market St.. room 4.
A— slso; rooming house; must sell to-day. Ap-
ply D. McRAE. 827 Mission st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
. same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
| sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. ;
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
; est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer. ->.- ,
BEAUTIFUL $860 piano, walnut case, finest j
i condition. $185 cash: party must sell. BKN.I.
| CURTAZ & SON. 16-18-20 O'Farrell St., Chick-
' erlng agents.
XiADY^who has ■■ gone » East left fine upright !
piano for sale; best offer takes It. ' J. DEW- ;
ING CO., Second floor. Flood building.
WE invite critical examination: new store, new
goods. CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Geary St.,
cor. Grant aye., Conover agents.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans.
Briggs and other pianos: see our rent plan;
«no Interest first year. 30S, 310, 312 Post st.
FINE upright for $150; come early if you want
! to secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st. - -
ELEGANT now pianos for rent. $2 50. month.
j SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., 660 Hayes St.
i PIANOS, great sacrifice this week, only $30,
■ $40. $50, $75, $140. 11314, Mission St.
1 A— s3s; FINE-TONED piano, first-class condi-
I tion; must sell. 1361 Folsom St., cor. Tenth.
I AN upright piano, nearly new: brilliant, pow-
e rful tone; cheap. 216 McAllister st.
i SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post St.
I "AD" smallest; price lowest: uprights, $75 up;
. rents, $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis St.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister
St., next Hlbernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 OFarrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. I
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.-
— — — ———————— — — — — ■ —»—————»—■——————.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
' ASK to see the $19 solitaire diamond ring; ask
to see the $23 solitaire diamond ring at UN-
| CLE HARRIS', IS Grant aye.
PHONOGRAPHS. $20; records, $5 per dozen;
; projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl, 983-946 Market.
i FOR sale— Small Otto gas engine. Apply sa-
; loon, 1802 Seventh St., Oakland.
| FRESH Holstein cow; second calf; good
| milker; reasonable. . 1312 Folsom st.
' FINE fresh cow for sale. 1724 Alabama st.
; FIRST-CLASS windmill, 2 large tanks, brass
pump,' pipes, etc. 711 Treat aye
A FINE tiling for a present: full line of I
graphophones. $10 each and upward. PIERCE
& CO., 313 Emporium building. -..;■•
BOILER, 42x'14. with steam drum, complete;!
! will test to 175 pounds. ■ WHITE. 516 Mission. !
FRESH Al Jersey cow; choice animal for fam-
ily use; price reasonable. 3150 Twenty-fourth.
BAILS, hack bars, mirrors, showcases, . coun-
i ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and i
l of ice furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
. ond hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 i
Mission st., above Sixth.
$137 50^-FISHER upright piano; good condition;
! $10 down and $5 a month. 225 Sutter st.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
; goods; new. hand. Smith Co.. 627 Mission.
j SCALE, safe, coffee-mill, desk, letter press,
cheap, at 621 Mission st. i ..-
! J R POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
' 'building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand j machinery. Me-
INTOSH * WOLPMAN. Fremont & Howard.
SAFES- New and second hand; cheaper than
ever. ' Hermann Safe Mafc. 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second hand; 'all
i sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
BARS showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought, and cold. 1063 Mission St.. nr. Seventh.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
SUWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC. Domej-tie, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed.^ 1915 Mission st.
s" MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. U5 Sixth; phone. Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. -
CARPET CLEANING.
r-TTY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works— Cleans,
Ives lav! carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 4( ? Eighth Ft.; telephone South 250. __
WHFN you' become dlsjriiFted with poor work
Y\H!..n to SPA ULDI NG' 8 • Pioneer Carpet-
Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. 8. 40. j
r — ; r nt HERN'S Cal.- Carpet-Cleaning Co., 453
'■Jl^^U^ontHr.S; lowest rates.
C^^i"carpet : Beatln Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel._E_n g ' 121. ,' —
r JlfilYSICIANS^^^^
THE SAX FHAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 1898.
HOISES TO LET.
A— BEAUTIFUL, sunny; 10 rooms and bath;
Golden Gate aye. ; $30 to flrst-class tenant.
_JSPECK & CO., m Market st.
AT 715 Sutter, near Taylor— Unsurpassable for
doctor or dressmaker; workroom 25x35; choice
for business and residence combined.
BAY-WINDOW house 4 rooms and basement;
2104 Perry St.; rent $12 50; water free. Apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
BUSH, 2132— House of 11 sunny rooms; rent $86;
all modern improvements.
ELECANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye.. bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake sts.; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 628 Market st.
ELLIS, 1472, nr. Buchanan— € r. and b. and
I'lanked basement.
GOLDEN GATE aye., nr. Webster— lo r. and
b. ; modern improvements; $50.
HOUSE, 6 rooms; fine condition; healthy loca-
tion; rent $8. 1555 Kearny, near Greenwich.
HYDE, 4164—H ouse of 4 large sunny rooms;
rent cheap to right party. Inquire 418 Hyde.
MINNA, 323-2-story house of 6 sunny rooms;
In good order. Key next door.
WE can rent you a houee with or without a
flag pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. "_
$60— ELEGANT corner house; 10 rooms, bath
and basement; hot air heaters throughout.
425 Baker, cor. Grove; call bet. 10 ami 4.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE; three sunny rooms, yard, base-
I ment; cheai> to small family. 1270 Folsom
I St., near Ninth.
; MODERN cottage, 6 rooms, bath, basement,
1 large yard; $14. 812 Potrero aye., nr. 20th Bt.
NKV.'LY renovated cottages, 5 rooms, bath;
large basement and yard; cheap. 1876 Fif-
teenth St.. near Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
43 FURNISHEIJ houses and flats from 8 to 30
rooms In all Parts of the city. A. M. SPECK
& CO.
BRANNAN, 726, above Sixth— A nice flat of 3
rooms; $7, $6.
GEARY, 1917—4 nice rooms; bath; toilet; cellar;
yard; furnished; hall; gas; $18; water free.
FLAT of 6 sunny rooms; also oottage. 4 rooms.
Second st. and Rincon aye.
Fcl.Si'M. :.?,-., bet. 6th and Oth i, r. and b. ; $14.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
FULTON. 118— Fine sunny middle flat 7 rooms
and bath; near City Hall; $28 :
HOWAHD, 8;»2-Brick bldg; 5 r. and b. ; $26.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery at.
LANGTON, 37— 515; sunny flat. S rooms and
bath.
1164 Perry st.; $10: flat. 4 rooms.
E ASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.. 63S Market.
MCALLISTER. 12(13— Nice, clean, convenient
upper flat; 7 rooms; bath: appreciated If seen.
MCALLISTER. 1723, nr. Broderlck— Br. and b. ;
rent $25. ASHTON CO.. 411 Montgomery et.
SUNNY corner flat of 6 rooms and bath; rent
reduced to $17 50. 458 Halght. cor. Flllmore.
SUTTER, 16138, nr. Octavia— 7 r. and b. ; $30.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
VALPARAISO, 120, off Jones— Flat, 5 sunny
rooms In good condition; rent, $11. ,
VALENCIA. 469. nr. 16th— 6 r. and b. ; rent $1«.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gamery Bt.
$20— NEW choice sunny flat; all latest Improve-
ments. 17C-S Hyde st., near Broadway^
$7— THREE rooms; large yard^ sanitary plumb-
ing. 727 Minna St., near Ninth.
MONTGOMERY. 527. cor. Clay— Open until 9:80
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALASKA PLACE. 5, off Mason, below Bay st.
— 1 or 2 furn. rooms; housekeeping; $4 each.
AT 52 Second— Nice single, double and light
I housekpg rms; week, $1 to $Z 60; day, 25 to 600.
CLAY, 1026—3 large unfurnished rooms; house-
keeping; good orden
FOLSOM, 646—2 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas stove; bath; running
water; no children.
FOLSOM. S10 — Sunny front room with kitchen,
complete for housekeeping; no cmidrun; mca
and quiet.
f GROVE. 202, corner Van Ness— 2 and 8 sunny
room suites, with gas range.
GROVE, 360 — Two unfurnished rooms.
HOWARD, WS-ifr—Nloe sunny room with regular
kitchen, complete; private bath; gas; cheap.
JACKSON, 920, near Mason — Furnished sunny
front large housekeeping rooms, $$ to $S;
single, $4.
JESSIE, 440H— 8 rear sunny rooms.
LAFAYETTE, 31, bet. Eleventh and Twelfth
sts. — 4 sunny rooms; rent $12.
MINNA, 111*4— Nice furnished bay-window
puite, with piano; cheap.
MINNA, 546— T0 let, furnished rooms for house-
keeping.
POLK. 605— Large sunny neat alcove room and
kitchen; large closets at back; $18.
POST, 60S— Furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping; front and back; cheap; gas.
SECOND, 515— A sunny furnished floor, 3 rooms
an dbath; rent $14.
BHIPUET. 201- Four rooms; $6. Apply premises
or 1151 Guerrero; no children; no animals.
SOUTH PARK, IS4— 2 large sunny front rooms,
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
TURK, 543— Large front room with stove; com-
plete for housekeeping ; gas and bath; $10.
THIRD, 309 — Large furnished room for house-
keeping. $6 to $7: single front room, $5 to $6.
ROOMS TO LET.
A— SELECT home Hotel Florence 102 Ellis,
cor. Powell; elevator; baths; best attention.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; flrst-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 416 O'Farrell— Nice sunny rooms, single
and en suite; $7 up; ev«ry thing first-class.
A'l 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths, gas; very reasonaole.
BOHJSMIA. 233 Post— Two blocks from princi-
pal hotels; newly furnished; all conveniences.
CLARA, 112V4, near Fourth— Nice sunny fur-
nished room; private family.
CENTRAL, nicely furnished; full of roomers;
16-r. house; paying. Shoe store, 250 O'Farrell.
CLIFFORD— 2O4 Ellis St., corner Mason— Sunny
suits and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Pleasant front suite, 2 beds; other
sunny rooms, $5 up; also housekeeping.
EDDY, 31S— Sunny suite and single rooms;
newly furnished.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week.
FIFTH, 814— Large sunny furnished room;
closet; bath; private; $1 week.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— sl week and up;
nice, clean, sunny single and double rooms.
GF.ARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. lIYER.
GEARY, 1002— Elegant suite sunny parlors suit-
able for artist or doctor.
GIRARD House, cor, Howard and 7th— Nice
sunny rms. ; also housekpng. ; very reasonable.
QLOBB House, K2l Howard— Per night, 2i>c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GRAND SOUTHERN, S. E. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GRANT, 309— Furnished sunny front bay win-
dow rooms; double and single; $2 50 per
week up.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HYDE, 232— Nicely furnished sunny rooms
from $5 month up; bath and gas.
HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Unfurnished
sunny corner suites; running water, bath and
gas; flrst-class every respect; terms reasnble.
JONES, 2i»T — Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms reasonable; gas, water, bath; central.
JONES, 2056— Furnished front bay-window
room; $7.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny front, neatly fur-
nished, $8; large sunny back furnished, 1 or
2 persons, $6.
MCALLISTER, 220%— Nicely furnished single
and double rms. ; reasonable; opp. City Hall.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week.
NATOMA, 71— Furnished front room for two
gentlemen; $6 per month.
NINTH, 20, near Market— Sunny room; running
water; pas; $6.
OAK. 119— Small furnished front room suitable
for one or two; $5.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms, els-
vator, electric lights, day, week or month.
snYENTH. 328%— Z nice large~unfurnished
rooms; rent cheap to small family.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
SUTTER, 1111— Nice front suites, $12 month;
single rooms, $6; nice housekeeping suite.
TAYLOR, 706— A small sunny room for gentle-
man.
TEHAMA. 308, near Fourth— Nicelj» furnished
sunny rooms, $3 to $5 per month.
TURK, 126 — Nicely furnished room suitable for
gentleman; $5 per month.
TURK, 127— Large front sunny room for an
office; also housekeeping.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
GEARY Court, 10, between Jones and Leaven-
worth— Two nice sunny rooms, with or with-
out board: private family; bath and gaa;
terms reasonable.
HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria) — Nice sunny rooms;
bath, gas, telephone: with breakfast, $10 mo.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table beard. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SUTTER. 112S— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
first-class family board; nice grounds; rea-
sonable.
THE HEATH. 312 Eddy— Select family board-
ing house; first-class all appointments; hot
water every room: home cooking; terms mod.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market st. suites, with board for 2. $40 per
month: single rooms accordingly.
THE Bingham, 807 California— Sunny rooms,
with good board; reasonable; home cooking.
VAN NESS aye., SOS— Beautiful sunny room*;
modern: newly furnished; with board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHILD or two to board; terms reasonable.
Apply 3255 Twenty-second st.
CHILD to board; good home: best of care;
terms, $10. 1034 McAllister st.
ONE child boarded; lovely home and mother's
care. Box 538, Call.
FRENCH lady boards children or infant;
mother's care; nice home. 1107 Clay Bt.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
STORES TO LET.
CITY Hall Square, 17— Large light store, $50.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
TURK, 422. near Larkin— Store. $16. ASHTON
& GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
MARKET. 1704— Part of hair-dressing store;
reasonable; opposite Tenth st.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Llg^ht. cheerful offices. $15 to $20.
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union building—
Eleernnt offices for rent.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay: self-cure sent; call or write: free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market
St.; pills, $1: very stronp. $2; cure. $5.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours: safe and sure at all times
when others have failed: no instruments used:
travelers helped at once: hoftie In confine-
ment; every case guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential; self cure. $5; pills, $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 208 Turk st., near Jone*.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price, $1 SO per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
urant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or instru-
ments used; restore? In one day without fall;
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace; consultation free: can be sent and used
at home; pills and capsules. $1: cure. $5; by
the well-known DR. POPPER, 31S Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restoni instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office, $5: travelers h"lned Instantly;
home for patients: consult free; confidential. '
DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$150; RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay St.: send
2c -stnmp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co,, 531 X s>t., Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS WKOENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate: infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'P French pill?, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 60;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OROnon BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement;
treatment, $2 50. 852 Castro St., Oakland.
DR. HALL. 1228 Market St.; diseases of women
and children.
MRS. ARCHBARD. midwife: home in confine-
ment: confinement nlnne. $5. 156 Second St.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branches:
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892: catalogue.
THE.evenlnp class at Hinman's School of
Dancing, 1-Jl2 Polk St., is now open Tuesday
and Thursday evenings: the class will give a
Sarty this coming Friday evening; the chll-
ren's class will open Saturday afternoon,
August 6.
NEW assortment of catchy comedy pieces and
latest war recitations for parlor, platform pi
stage use, taught by Mrs. Kincald at her
school of elocution and expression. >'cazar
building. 120 O'Farrell st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market at. ;
individual instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50: low rates per week and month.
MR. AND MRS. DICKINSON'S Academy. 1247
Franklin st. ; co-educatlonal bearding and day
school; complete English, French. German
and Spanish education, art, $30.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph.B.. Fel-
low In Mathematics. U. C. 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. Channlng way. Berkeley; write fnrclrcular.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, mln-
inir, meeh. survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve. •
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculations, taught In
shortest time. TARR, 572 Parrott building.
LEO COOPER'S Bchool of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary at.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month; references;
private lessons: terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
HORSES.
FOR sale— Good family horse. Apply 1684 Mis"
sion st.
HORSE for sale cheap. Apply MRS. GEO
THOMPSON, 321 Rutledge aye., off Alabema,
near Twenty-seventh.
FOR sale— 2o head horses; must be sold. Apply
Tomklnson's Livery Stable, 57-61 Minna st.
between First and Second.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses: must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards, 220 Valencia st.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth: auction sales every Wedn«s-
iiny. SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
"WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments: 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 82S Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkin. opp. City Hall.
LOST.
LOST— July 19. on "Butter st., between Jones
and Leaven worth, a small chatelaine bag
containing money and papers; no questions
asked and suitable reward will be paid by re-
turning to A. W. J., Hotel Pleosanton.
LOST— Small yacht tender, painted white;
nnmeboard Sea Fox. Return to California
Yacht Club, Oakland Creek.
ON Mission road, breechloadlng shotgun. Re-
turn J. CHAMBERS, 427 Bnnk st. ; reward.
LOST— United States Laundry book, with bill
heads. Return to 1004 Market st.
LOST— On last Wednesday evening, plain gold
ring with inscription; neighborhood of Car- i
kin and Geary sts. Reward at 903 Larkin at.
STORAGE.
pIr^RCE^RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
office Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse, S4O Mission st. ; tel. Mint 182 L
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL~type writers sold" and rented; few~partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
Prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
NEW Hammond, $35; callgraph, $25: Bltck,
$22 50; set samples. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery.
PERSONALS.
JIM: Will meet you to-day, same time, on
Bush st. SUTTER.
MY wife, FLORA FRANCIS BAILEY, having
left my bed and board, I will not be respon-
sible for debts contracted by her. PHILIP J.
BAILEY. 1141 Silver avenue. '
JOSEPH GREVEN, vocai teacher. 12Q6 Market
St., is preparing for different concerts and
operatic performances of next season, where
several of his pupils will sing leading parts;
participants of a large mixed chorus class
pay $1 monthly In advance.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
PROFESSOR AND MRS. FOSTER wish their
friends and pupils to know they are still con-
ducting their dancing school at Mozart Hall,
135S Market st; dancing classes every Tuesday
and Thursday: social dances every Wednesday
and Saturday: the waltz and reverse posi-
tively guaranteed.
THK be=t hair dressing for the least money of
any place in the city, 25c only; hair restored
to Its natural color for $1 50 up; good
switches, $1; finest, $"50; extra, $5. Open
Sunday, 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, 5:,2 Castro st., Oak-
land; treatment, $2 50; reliable practitioner.
USE Qutnonia and have a fine head of hair. G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframed; framing with glass 7x9 Inches,
10c: SxlO and 10x12, 15c: 11x14 and 12x16, 20c;
14x17. 25c; 16x20, 30c; 18x22, 35c; 20x24, 450; 22x
28, 60c: curtain poles complete. 15c: rm. mold-
ing. all colors.lc ft;open eve. Jones, s47 Mission.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Thlrr 1 st.. near Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 f,O per nlcht- «1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and b.-.ptrasre to and from the ferry.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary st.
CONTRACTOR for sinking wells and drifting
tunnels for water. J. G., 408*4 Grove st.
J. HAUPTLI'S Hair Store has removed to 1036
Market: hairdressing, popular prices.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Sth st., Alameda.
SUITS to ordpr on easy Instalments. L.
t MOS. 1117 Marl-et /t.. bet 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dreseß. $5
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy St., rm. 14-15.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College, !>l6 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROF. M. OMAR,
THE OCCULT WONDER,
Can tell your mother's maiden name; name
of your sweetheart or husband: full name of
every caller. Invaluable advice on all affairs
of life, law, business, love, marriage, di-
vorce, etc. Unites the separated, causes
speedy marriage. Satisfaction guaranteed or
no fee accepted. 325 Eddy st.
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE. 1104 Market at.
(Vendome building)— Trance medium; unites
the separated; changes luck; locates burled
treasures; letters answered; lnelose stamp.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second
sight; diagnose disease, full life reading: la.
j 60c. gents $l^palm. andclair.slt.fi 80. 126 Turk.
| MME. LENEMAR fortune by planets; predict-
ed In '74 overdue Btmr. people on Island. 23^
Sixth, room C.
WILL be absent from city for short time;
watch for announcement of my return. MRS.
DR. F. CLARK. 1206 Market at.
YOUR future told by cards; lading 10c; gents
25c. 221 Sixth St.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth 6t., near Mission.
i MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
I advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth at.
| MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
I teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 23c; Indies. 914 O'Farrell Bt.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 2Ec. 148 Sixth St., room 10.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in Iwr pro-
fession: n»ver falls: advice: help. 929 Post «t.
SPIRITUALISM.
AT 111 Larkin: 8 p. m.; speaking; Mrs. Lois
Waisbrooken; good music; test mediums; free.
BENEFIT test circle by Mme. Young to-night,
10c. BQf McAllister st.; fine music.
MRS. FULTON-TULEY. materializing seance
to-night and Friday; 50 cents. 1513 Geary st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st. ; read-
Ings, $1; clr. Tues., Frl., 2 p. m.; Sat. 8; 25c.
M. FRANCES. Independent slate writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 2124 Sixth st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stor-kton st.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER— Lecture Sunday eve. SO5
Larkin; readings daily at res.. 353 Geary st.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge worlc
our specialty; fillings. 50c; crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. LUDLI'M HILL. 1443 Market at., nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new. teeth
from $8 per set: extracting, 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE irv. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
iet, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee (if Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VPOOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market st., cor. Sixth.
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. 969 Mission, cor. Sixth.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOTVE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
ALL private law cases, Insolvency, collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkin.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. F.
STACK. 14 McAllister St.; room 64.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS— For the leasing for nve^yearsTof
two blocks of land, known as "Market
Places," bounded by Channel, Irwin, Hud-
son and Fifth streets. Office of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco, July 19, 1898:
In accordance with Resolution No. 892
(Fourth Series), of the Board of Supervisors,
sealed proposals will be received in open ses-
sion of the Board of Supervisors on Monday
afternoon. July 25, ISOB, from 2:30 to 8 o'clock
for the leasing, for a term of five (5) yeara,
the two' blocks of city property situated on
the south side of Channel street, and known
as "Market Places," bounded by Channel,
Irwln, Hudson and Fifth streets, under the
following conditions, to wit:
CONDITIONS— The lessee shall, where
necessary, fill in the said blocks, and the
said blocks must be to the official grade ut
the expiration of the lease.
That in no event will the city and county
agree to give an entrance or approach by
land to the said property, as the lessee will
be required to procure a right-of-way by
land, if desired or required, at his own cost
and charge.
The lessee will be required to give a bond
in the sum of five thousand (ss,o*) 00) dollars,
with two good and sufficient sureties thereon,
that the conditions herein required will be
strictly complied with, and on failing to com-
ply with any of the said conditions, then the
said lease shall thereupon terminate and be
of no force or effect, and the amount of said
bond shall be forfeited, and shall be paid, or
collected by suit for the city and county, as
liquidated damage* for euch failure and neg-
lect.
All Improvements made by the lessee on
said blocks shall at the expiration of the
lease revert to the city and county.
Bidders will estimate und state the amount
they will pay monthly as rental for the two
blocks Jointly, with the distinct understand- :
in;; that the lease will be made to the highest
bidder therefor, and that the payments on
said lease shall be made monthly to the
Mayor of this city and county.
The party to whom the lease may be
granted will be required, prior to or at the
time of the execution of the lease, to pay
the cost of advertising this notice in three
daily newspapers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to facil-
itate the granting of the lease, the Board has
resolved to receive no bids unless made upon
blank forms prepared by the committee, and
a certified check for the sum of one thousand
(SI,OC«J) dollars deposited by the bidder with
and made payable to the Clerk of the Board
of Supervisors, conditfcmed if the . proposal
be accepted and the lease granted; and if the
bidder shall fail or neglect to pay the print-
ing charges and sign the agreement, and give
the required bond within six days after the
said lease is granted, then and in that case
the said sum shall be paid Into the City and
County Treasury by said Clerk as liquidated
damages for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the rignt to reject all
bids if the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
■ ■■' -'■■ CITY REAL estates. *" "-\\,
bX£^wS"&~howelu
real estate a.gents.
a bargain right in town.
$2500— Rent $23; close ,to Bush • and Stockton
sts.; 2-story building.
DIAMOND ST., NEAP TWENTIETH.
$1250 only— Cottage of 4 rooms; lot 27:6x110.
McALLISTER-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
MUST BE SOLD.
$13,000— Fine 3-story building: store and flats;
extra large lot, 55x137:6; only partially im-
proved, and rents $105; mortgage $10,500.
$100 CASH, BALANCE $15 MONTHLY.
$1500— Nice cottage on Diamond St., close to
Castro and Chener-- ■ contains 5 rooms and bath.
Broderick St., nr. California; 2 mod-
ern fiats of 6 and 7 " rooms, bath , etc. ; rent
$62 60; lot 27:6x85. ...
Twentieth st;, nr. Castro; 2-story resi-
dence of 7 rooms and bath; also small house in
rear; mortgage of $1700 can remain; lot 25x114.
$2000— amount of cash " required; - very
attractive bay-window cottage of 6 rooms and
bath, etc.; on Jersey st., near Castro.
$4800— Offer wanted; rent $47; Pine at., nr.
Franklin; 2 fiats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath
each; also cottage on rear street; lot has two
frontages.
: $21,000— Gate aye.; corner of promi-
nent street: large lot, 40x90: improvements con-
sist of flats and 2 stores; rents $177 50.
Tehama St.. nr. Eighth; 2-story frame
building, containing 8 rooms; also 2-story house
of 8 rooms in rear; rent $35; lot 26x75.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
.■ ■ , . . 10 Montgomery street.
SOME CHEAP LOTS " ~~ ~~
SOUTH OF THE PARK.
$55 Thirty-sixth aye., nr. M st. 25x120
each. .
$325— Corner of M st. and Thirty-sixth aye.;
132:6x100. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery street.
HERE'S ANOTHER ...........".....
..CHOICE PAIR OF FLATS
'.".' : ONLY $3575 ONLY $3575
JUST WHAT YOU WANT
........ LOCATION WILL SUIT YOU ........
.. THE HOUSE WILL PLEASE YOU
THE PRICE WILL SATISFY YOU ......
ONLY— ONLY $3575
Two elegant flats of 5 and 6 rooms, baths,
brick foundation, stationary wash tubs, foun-
tain closets, etc; large lot front and rear gar-
dens; bitumlnized street and stone walks;
choicest bargain in' the city. *
.... SEE IT YOU WONT BE SORRY ....
IT'S A GOOD THING
............. AND YOU'LL BU"^ IT
HERMAN MURPHY. 636 Market at. :
FOR sale— Twenty-first. St., near Bryant; 7-
room cottage; open to-day from 1 to 4 p. m.
J. FLAHERTY, builder, 1207 Market : nr. Bth.
TWO flats for sale on 2936 California st., near
Baker. Inquire at 308 Pacific St., cheap.
PLANS, ppecificationa, etc.. submitted for any
•. kind of building. W. W. RtDNALL, builder.
1326 Hayes. . ■ - .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
. OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FORECLOSURE bargains offered by Oakland
Building and Loan Association. 1151 Twenty-
third aye.. East Oakland, Cal.
Lots from $150 up. ■
Houses, 5 to 8 rooms, from $1000 to $4000.
Call and see our list.
$3250— $4500; new 7-room house; up-to-date
Gothic style and latest improvements; near
. business center and local trains. J. S. • MY-
ERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland Cal.
OFFER wanted— A pair of flats, 5 rooms each;
Market-st. Station; paying 15 per cent inter-
est; must be sold. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal.
NEW up-to-date 6- room house; cost 1 year
$2500; an offer of $1500 would not be refused;
$1000 can remain on mortgage. J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$1450— COTTAGE, the latest style; lot 40 feet
front; 5 minutes ito business center; bank
mortgage on property $1350 at 8 per cent can
remain. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oak-
land. Cal. ■ '..-.;>!■
J. CALLAGHAN, real estate dealer, notary
public: property looked after. 814 Broadway. 1
OAKLAuI) HOUSES TO LET. :
RESIDENCE: 9 rooms; bath; barn; large lawn;
tennis court; conservatory; vent cheap;. cen-
tral: 589 24th St.. nr. Grove. Apply ownir, R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact.. 16*3 Grove.
OAKLAND ROOMS AKD BOARD.
SUNNY-rooms with board; quiet neighborhood;
near local trains. 1020 Adeline St., Oakland.
ALL conveniences; new furniture; housekeeping
- or single; board optional; $3 month up. 670
" Broadway. . •
OAKLAND ROOMS. ~~ ~
NEWLY furnished sunny bay-window rooms
and offices. 476 13th st., corner Washington.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL^
HAAS' old store. 40S Eleventh St. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$800— LOT 50 feet front, west side Grand st. :
$1250, lot Alameda aye. and Paru st. $1200,
new 5-room cottage on Grand st. ; $3000, new
7-room house, west side Lafayette st.. near
San Antonio aye.; $1000, 10 acres, right at
Frultvale: also chicken ranch; bargains in
all parts of Alameda. ALAMEDA LAND CO.
1600 Park St., . Alameda. • '
FOR sale immediately, cheap, house and lot
35x115; 5 rooms and bath; all new improve-
ments; 2 blocks from Srand-st. Station: 1825
Pacific aye., Alameda. GEO. SCHNEIDER,
Alameda. '.A 1 V . .
.BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GREAT Bargains— s2ooo, 8-room house, lot 60x
137:6, rented for $22: 1 block from station: tlso
5-room cottage, $1350. FREESE & CODING-
TON. 2119 Stanford place, opp. Berkeley Sta.
i i ' ji ■ ■
BERKELEY HOUSES. "
RENT $35: 8-room. house, ;•-. partly furnished":
shade trees: : lovely home place. Apply 2207
,• Blake St.. block east of Dwight way Station.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
A COTTAGE In Los Gatos for roomhig^house!
ROGERS &. HYDE. 1206 Market st.
A FINE house and lot lin Oakland (clear) for
San Francisco property; will assume mort-
gage. ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market st. ;
20 HOUSES and lots in city $500 to $10,000
50 ranches, 10 to 509 acres .... 300 to 20.000
. 10 Oakland, :20 Berkeley pieces.. 600 to 1,600
100 business places, all • kinds.. 50 to • 5.000
H. C. DECKER, Ip2j) Market St.. opp. Fifth.
71 BY 137*4 feet; San Jose, near Normal and j
High schools: for San Francisco property.
Box 200. Call of floe. /.- \ -
PROPERTY WASTED.
LOT wanted suitable for coal yard, about 40
/feet front; south of Market, east of Main st. ;
'. owner to make improvements; long lease will j
be taken. - Address. . stating terms, box " 295,' !
Call office. -••- ■ ■- ■•' .
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or piano* in S. F., Oak-
land or ■ Alameda, at lowest rates without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission at., above
Sixth; telephone South 14. '
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed paper,
- pianos, furniture or jewelry; all business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & Co., 230 Kearny St.. upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. = Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. tel. Green 204. .
ON furniture; pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private k party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6\i per cent on real estate;
and 3d mortgages, estates,* real estate In pro-
, bate. R. MeCOLG AN, 24 . Montgomery, ran. 3.
SECOND mortgages & undivided Interests -In
estates a specialty, j MURPHY. 636 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal; lowest rates;
. no , commission; private. :; 116 . McAllister st.
$50 TO $30,000; lowest rates; Ist and M raortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
George Mltchel and Bertha A. Fuchs ......27-22
Paul H. Sonntag and Elizabeth V. Kenny. 29-21
Patrick J. Sullivan and Lizzie Mahan. 26-24 I
John T. Sharp and Kate L. Sheridan...... 35-26 I
H. Biscanter and Elisabetha B." Ehrhardt.. 33-29
William MacDcnald and Alice S. Wolf. 61-28
W.C. Maler and Bertha F. ■Rlckman...... 23-21
Fred C. Born and. Lonetya B. Howard IS
John Jemln and 80»ie A. ; Hutchlnson.. .. 26-28 :
; BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. I
-. Birth, marriage and death notices "sent ; by
mall *- will,;, not •- be . Inserted. They • must be
handed 'in ; at ■ either ■of the publication offices !
and be indorsed with the name and residence of i
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BECKER— the wife of B. Becker, a son. .
FULTON— In this city, July 19. 1898, to the
wife of J. R. . Fulton, a son. ..,....■
HUFSCHMIDT— In this city, July 13. 1898, to
the wife 'of George 'Huf schmidt, a daughter.
MAGENNIS— JuIy 2, 1898, to the wife of John
Magennis, a son. j
WOLF— this city. July 17, 1898, to the wife
of Henry Wolf, a daughter.
MARRIED.
YOUNG— In this city, July 16. 1898,
by the . Rev. W. M. Woodward, Erwin E.
, Athey and Lizzie Young.
EMMETT— McCABE— In this city. June 15, 1898,
by the Rev.- Father Morrison. Charles W.
Emmett of Palo Alto and Mary J. McCabe of
San Francisco.
SIMPSON— STEELE— In this city. July 16, IS9B,
by the Rev. W. A. M. Breck, William M.
Simpson and Hettle J. Steele.
WANDS— In Oakland. July 3. 1898, by
the Rev. E. R. Dille. D.D., Almo Chs. Tuson
and Maude Abigail Wands, both of Alameda.
DIED.
Bruse, Emllle M. Hopwood. Louisa
Casey, Helen J. . Johnson, James
Cochrane, Ann Koch, Gustave A.
Crillel, Washington Locke, Samuel
Cunningham Hannah Peguillan, Emile
Flynn, Juliette M. Pensonneault. Isaac
Gallwey, David Smith. John
■ Griffin, Helen ■ > Streitberger, C.
Hall, Mrs. 'Sarah A. Witt, George -
Hanson, Charlotte . :;,;,,;
BRUSE— In this city, July IS, = ISPS. Emille M.
W.. dearly beloved daughter of Bernhard F.
and Margarethe Bruse, and sister of Bern-
hardine Bruse, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years 7 months and 18 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
" dence of her parents, 1100 A Golden Gate ave-
nue, corner Buchanan street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
CASEY— In this city, July 19. 1838. Helen Jo-
sephine, beloved infant child of Joseph J.
and Margaret H. Casey, a native of San
Francisco, aged 11 months and 2 days. .
COCHRANE— In San Rafael, July 1?. 1888, Ann,
beloved wife of Michael Cochrane, and mother
of Mrs. Maria Preatrel, Mrs." Catherine Dowd,
Mrs. Ellen Byrnes and Annie. John T.,
James W., Patrick H.. Michael F. and Lulu
Cochrane, a native of Newtown, County Ros-
common, Ireland. : ■ . ; ■ '-,
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), from St. Raphael's Church. San
Rafael, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the renose of her soul, at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
CRILLEI— In this city, July 17, 1898. , Wash-
ington Crillel, a native of New Orleans, aged
58 years 4 months and 25 days. ' A . member
of Court Occidental No. 6676, A. O. F. 9
1C?" The funeral services will be held-
Sunday, July 24, 1898, at 2:30 o'clock, in the
chapel at Mount Olivet Cemetery, under, the
auspices of Court Occidental No. 6676. .A. O.
F. Remains at the undertaking parlors of
H. C. Bunker & Co., 2666 Mission street, Mis-
sion Masonic Temple until Thursday, at 10
o'clock. . . ■ ' ■ :■ ■ . .t^v' -.:
CUNNINGHAM— this city, July 19, 1893.
- Hannah, beloved wife of the late John Cun-
ningham, and mother of Michael, John and
Cornelius Cunningham, a • native of , County
Kerry, Ireland, aged 67 years. . ■
FLYNN— In East Oakland. July 18, 1898, Ju-
liette M. Flynn. mother of Albert H. and
Helen A. Flynn and Mrs. F. E. Shellaber-
ger. - •',. f:.;-,
GALLWEY— In this city, July 18, 1898. David,
beloved husband of Abbie Gallwey, father
of Catherine and Hannah Gallwey. brother
of Frances Gallwey, and brother-in-law of:
Eugene. James. ' Patrick and Margaret Sulli-
van of Port Costa, a native of County Kerry.
Ireland, aged 26 years. -
Friends and acquaintances ■ are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 314 Vicksburg street, between- San-
chez and Church,, thence to St. James Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for .the repose of his soul, at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. .;,-":
A. ■ O. H.— Officers and members Division No.
• 11, A. O. H. : You are hereby notified to at-
tend the funeral of our deceased .brother,
David Gallwey,- from his late residence, 314
Vlcksburg street, this (Wednesday) morning.
Fines for non-attendance. -
D. FITZPATRICK. President.
E. J. HANNON, Rec. Sec. ,
P. J. KELLEHER, Fin. Sec.
GRIFFIN— In this city, July 16. 1898. Helen,
beloved ' wife of Anthony Griffin, and dearly
beloved mother of John P., Michael A.,
Theobald M.', Mary, Nellie, Millie and Gerald
Griffin, a native of Ireland. (Boston papers
please copy.) '
• (C?"rhe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
' residence; 309 Oak street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner Fell and Fillmore
streets, where a requiem high . mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . " '
HALL— In Melrose, Alameda County, ' Mrs. '
Sarah A., beloved wife of the late Benjamin
. Hall, and mother of Mrs. M. A. Colbut, Sarah
J. Hecox, William Morris and Edward and
' Benjamin F. Hall, aged 68 years and 3
months.  - . '* - - . ■ ■ •
HANSON— In this city, July 17, 1898, Charlotte,
wife of the late Charles Hanson, and mother
of William H. Hanson, a native of New Ha-
ven, Conn. • •
IC^The ; funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from her late ;
■ residence, 1208 Van Ness avenue. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by special train.
Please omit flowers.
HOPWOOD— In Lincoln, Cal., July 16. 1898,
Louisa, beloved wife of Frank M. Hopwood,
and sister of Mrs. M. A. Calvin of San Fran-
cisco, a native of Gardiner, Me. ■
JOHNSON— In Oakland, July 18, 1898, James,
beloved husband of Catherine Johnson, and
father of James Jr. (deceased), Frederick C.
and Otto J. Johnson. Mrs. Albert Gruninger.
I William Johnson, Mrs. F. G. Wight, • Mrs. F.
'.' R. Woolsey and Catherine M.. Selma L., Julia
V., Dagmar A. and George W. Johnson, aged
61 years 10 months and 22 days.
ICTFriends and ; acquaintances are respect-
fully .Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at the
Masonic Temple, corner Twelfth and Wash-
ington streets, : Oakland. ■ Services under the
• auspices of ■ Live Oak Lodge No. 61, F. and
A. M. ■ Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
KOCH— Oakland July 19, 1898, • Gustave A.,
beloved son of Gottleib Koch, and brother of
William H., C. T. and T." J. Koch, Mrs. C.
Raupach and Mrs. E. Straub, a native of
California, aged 33 years and 8 months.
. '^T'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral 'to-morrow
(Thursday), at o'clock, from the residence
of his Bister. Mrs. E. Straub, 2711 Telegraph
avenue. Deceased was a member of Oak-
land Lodge No. 103, K. of P.
LOCKE— In this city. July 18, 1898, .Samuel,
i , beloved husband of Alice E. Locke, a na- .
. tive of New . Hampshire. (Exeter, N. H., pa-
pers please copy.) .'-
ICTFrlends a- 1 acquaintances. are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from B'nia B'rith
• Hall, Eddy street, under the auspices of Pa-
cific Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
' PEGUILLAN— In South San Francisco, . July
18, -1898, Emile, dearly beloved husband of
' Bridget Peguillan, and father of Mrs. -P. C.
Troy and Emile J.. Branice'l., Bre.'John.
Eleanor and Eugene Pepuillan. a native of
' New ' Orleans, La., aged 60 years 5 months
. and 11 days. (New Orleans papers please
'■■ copy.) . ,: •-' . . " ■■••■; "■*
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this . day
x (Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from 'his late
residence, 1606 - Fourteenth avenue. South San
Francisco, thence to All Hallows Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy -. Cross
Cemetery. '.
. PENSONNEAULT— In this city, July 17. 1898.
Isaac Pensonneault, aged 50 years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery. . ■ x
SMITH— In this city. July 18. 1898.' John, be-
loved -husband of Mlnle Smith, and father of
Mrs. M. J. Kennedy, Mrs. E. C. Hughes and
William F. Smith, a native of Ireland, aged
70 years and 10 months. :"• ■■
(ETFriends and r qualntances are respect-
■ fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), ' at 1:45. o'clock; from Odd Fel-
lows' Hall, corner Seventh and Market
streets, under the auspices of Templar Lodge
*No 17, I. O. O. F. Interment Cypres3 Lawn
Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train from Third
j and Townsend streets.
STREITBERGER— Oakland. July 18.' IS9B,
- Christopher Streitberger.. a native of Baden-
baden, Germany, aged 73 years 3 months and
26 days.
C? Friends and acquaintances . are respect- .
fully invited to attend , the funeral Friday."
July 22, 1898, at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Henry Evers, 565. Washington'- strep*. ' Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
WITT— In this city. .Tul£ IS, USB, George Witt,
beloved father of Henry Witt, a native of
Germany, : aged 66 years 11 months and 27
days A membtr of the San \ Francisco
Schuetzen Verein and Verein Eintracht.
|T^?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited tqlattend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), atijl' o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 3363 Twenty-second ; street, between
Valencia and Guerrero, thence to California
Hall 620 Bush street, near Powell, where fu-
neral services will be held, under the aus-
pices of the San Francisco Schuetzen Vere'n,
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O. ;
O. F. Cemetery. . ,
I McAVOY & GALLAGHER. §
FONEKAX, DIRECTORS ii EMBALMES3 g
.;:.•-.- it/ 11TTH ST.. Opp. Lincola Saiujl. ' |
:■'■"- " Telephone, South 80. • B
■ , H. b. ma toy. Manager. . • , • ■
| ■■''■x- v McAVOY «fe co., - |
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EM3ALMER3, I
i 1235 Market St.* between Bth ana ath. 1 . | ;
I ''.'.'- Telephone-. SouthJiT. „ '....' ■'••'*
Eatab. 1158 Tel. South* 47.
CRAIG &COCHRAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants, ■ cipaclous chapel for th» om '■."-
si our patron*. Rubber tire* on our ambulant*.
• ■ - ."V ■ '
1314
LINES DRAWING
CLOSELY ABOUT
JOE LOCHNER
No Positive Clew as Yet to the
Fiend Who Strangled Mrs.
Carpenter,
Her Husband Threatened to Kill Her— He Is
Still Missing— Alibis for Carsten
and Soso.
Incompetent Isaiah, Chief of Police of
Ban Francisco, yesterday took charge of
the Carpenter murder mystery. It is
needless to report that the Police Depart
mi :it achieved no great results in con-
Bequence of Lee's personal direction of
their work.
Through the efforts of the newspaper j
men of the city the chase for the strang
ler Is now concentrated on Henry Car
penter, husband of the victim. Not a
clew has been found, however, which
might lead to the discovery of his where
abouts, or whether he has been in the ]
city lately. All that Is known about him j
Is that he was here six weeks ago and J
Baw his wife. He then dropped com- j
pletely out of eight.
Mrs. Anderson, mother of the dead
woman, believes thai Carpenter had j
Fomething to do with the violent death i
of her daughter. One point Is certain— j
he has not made his appearance at police |
headquarters, as Chief Lees and his mm- j
lons confidently expected nim to do. If
Carpenter is innocent and has read of the j
crime it is very strange that he has not
communicated with the police.
In the meantime, while an abortive
. is being made by the healthy ,
Hawkshaws ot the upper office of the I
Police Department, the lines seem to be |
drawing somewhat closely about Joe
Lochner, who has been under detention
at the City Prison since the morning of
the tragedy.
On the theory of "opportuni<y of cir
cumstances," he appears to be the only
person who could have committed the
dastardly crime, unless, perhaps, "Span
ish" Lizzie Riiey did. The police scout the
1' the laitor being In any way con
nected with the case, any further than
that she heard Mrs. Carpenter's dying
struggles, and then gave the alarm.
From statements made by two or three
persons who were quite intimately ac
quainjed with Lochner and Mrs. Carpen
ter. If would seem that ho is afflicted with
a form of psychopathy, that dread disease
with whi( h Durrant and other infamous
• afflicted.
• w in circulation In the
circles In which Lochner and Mrs. Car
pentor were known that their relations
were more man friendly, and that they
frequently indulged in bitter quarrels. It
positively known that he had free
access to her room through the door con
l: his room with hers, and that the
nto h'-r chamber at all hours of the
day or night. He knew enough of her
affairs to give the names of half a dozen
men who were visitors to her room. He
bJs ■ familiar with all her domestic
affairs— knew where she kept her money,
v.ho her correspondents were and what
they were doing. All this, he says, is
merely Incidental to their warm friend
s-hip.
Lochner Is fuming and fretting In the
cell at the Central station, and is impor
tuning Chief Lees and Captain Seymour
Mm at liberty.
For pome re;u=on Chief Lees and his In
competent sleuths failed to take advan
tage of a remark dropped by Lochner on
the night of the murder, which perhaps
might have some bearing on the case.
When the prisoner was questioned by
the police he nervously remarked that
Mrs. Carpenter had threatened to go to
Monterey and would not see him again.
"I advised her not to go," he tremu
lously declared in the presence of the po
lice, "as I feared she would not return."
Following their usual blundering meth
or.«. th<» Bleuths of the upper office failed
to question him as to the reason for de
siring the woman to remain In this city.
To a reportc-r last night Lochner per-
Blstently denied that he attempted to
ide Mrs. Carpenter from taking the
intended trip to Monterey.
"If the police say I made use of such a
remark they lie," he indignantly declared.
"As they 'have failed to catch the real j
murderer they are now vainly attempting i
to fasten the crime on me."
Notwithstanding Lochner's denial, there
are several policemen who are willing to
swear that he used the remark. They as- j
Bert that after ihey reached the scone of
the murder Lochner, who was laboring !
under great mental excitement, passion- •
ately kissed the colorless lips of the dead j
woman, and, turning to the officers, spoke
of her threatened trip to Monterey, and !
his attempt to dissuade her from going.
Lochner has told the police that he is
Inclined to believe that the husband of j
the murdered woman is the guilty party.
"About six weeks ago," he said last ;
night. "Sadie told me that Carpenter hac I
visited her and given her some money. I
He wanted her to go with him, but she
refused. Three weeks later he again vis
ited her. but I did not see him. My opin
ion is that he remained in the city await
ing a favorable opportunity to do her up."
As Lochner has all along declared thai
he had never seen Carpenter his state
ment last night seems strange, to say the
least.
When asked when Mrs. Carpenter spoke
of her intended trip to Monterey, Lochner
Bald that it was a few weeks ago.
"She wanted me to go with her," he re
marked, "but as I was without money I
told her she would have to make the trip
alone.
"Why should I murder the woman when !
she has always been my friend? God only
knows that I would be delighted to see
the strangler brought to justice. Captain
Seymour is satisfied that I am Innocent
of 'the horrible crimo, as he Informed me
to-day that T would be released to-mor
row. The police know I didn't strangle
Sadie, but somebody had to be arrested
and I was unfortunate enough to be the
unlucky one.
"This afternoon I saw Mrs. Anderson,
mother of poor Sadie, in Chief Lees' of
fice, and she warmly shook my hand. If
she had the l^ast suspicion that T was her
daughter's murderer do you think she
would greet me in a friendly manner? I
have always been a friend of the family,
and Mrs. Anderson knows it.
"When I get out I will do all In my
power to assist the police in running
down the strangler."
Captain Seymou;- does not Intend to re
lease Lochner to-day as the latter
claimed. He Intends to keep him in Jail
until the mystery Is cleared up and fhe
identity of the murderer revealed.
It was established beyond a doubt yes
terday that Fred Carsten.the soldier out
at Fort Point, and William Soso, who is
referred to in one of the dead woman's
letters to Sergeant Gilligan at Camp
Chickamauga, had nothing to do with the
murder. Carsten's tentmates were
brought in from camp and interviewed
by Captain Seymour. They satisfied
the Captain of Detectives that Carsten
slept in his tent and was not down town
at ftny time between dark and daylight.
A message received from Centerville
stated that Soso was at that place Sat
urday night and all day Sunday. Soso
w»nt there about two weeks ago.
Mrs. Anderson and her adopted daugh
ter, Lulu Moss, spent a couple of hours
at the Chief's office discussing the affairs
of the deceased. They were not able to
shed a particle of light on the mystery.
While they were consulting with Chief
Leea and Captain Seymour Fred Carsten
came in with Officer Dillon. He was
greeted warmly by the bereaved mother.
Soon after Joe Lochner was brought up
from the tanks. Mrs. Anderson shook
hands with him and tearfully assured
him that she was convinced he was in no
manner connected with the murder of
her daughter. •
Lochner and Carsten. who have been
close friends for a long time, shook hands
heartily and each assured the other of
his belief that he was innocent of any
wrong-doing.
While the party was in the office Chief
Lees took another statement from Cars
ten and Lochner. They had nothing new
to say, except to give the names of a
couple of men whom they know visited
Mrß. Carpenter in her room at the Hub-,
bard House. These men were afterward
seen by newspaper men, but they knew
nothing of the tragedy except what had
appeared in the newspapers.
t'oroner Hawkins returned from Lake
Tahoe yesterday. He said the inquest in
the Carpenter case would be delayed for
several days until the police had an op
portunity to gather further facts.
An undertaker took charge of Mrs. Car
penter's remains yesterday and prepared
them for shipment to Monterey. Mrs.
Anderson, the children and Miss Moss
will accompany the body to Monterey to
day. The funeral will be held as soon as
they arrive home.
That Mrs. Carpenter apprehended a
violent death at the hands of her hus
band as long ago as last December was
discovered yesterday. In the bottom of
her trunk, which was taken to police
headquarters, was a little square, sealed
envelope, addressed to her two children.
When Mrs. Anderson was present Cap
tain Seymour broke the seal. In her fear
of a sudden and violent death the moth
er wrote the letter and In it she made
what is in effect her will. She says she
wants all her money to go to her two
children. The letter is as follows:
315 Tenth street. Oakland, Cal., Dec 8,
1597, 3 p. m., Friday.
"Of all sad words of tongue or pen the
saddest are these It might have been."
To-day marks the import of these lines to
me, as I shall never forget I was married
November 21, 1897, to Henry Carpenter, a
MRS. CARPENTER'S FEARS IN WRITING.
Sentences From a Letter to Her Children in Which She Antici
pates a Violent Death at Her Husband's Hands.
shoemaker, of 401 Tenth street, Oakland. ,
We have been happy until to-day — asked !
me for some money. I refused, as I do i
not want to give up my earnings; he be
came angry* and left the house; returned j
at 11 a. m. and said he would sell out. At
noon he came to dinner, but could not eat
and talked of killing himself and me. He I
fald over and over, lefs die together. 111 1
said no, but at last by guessing and coax- ,
ing he told me that a woman was after I
him, a widow who he promised to marry, '
and then married me, and she came to I
see him and felt so bad. He is awfully
bine and told me that was the reason he j
did not want to return after we were j
married. Also that was why he was so \
nervous while we were being married, ,
and that he hardly knew which one to |
marry; said she is 20 years old and pretty |
as a peach; two little girls and some ;
money. She came to his shop Wednes- j
day and cried, but forgave him, and said j
she would not sue him. This he is afraid \
of. He said he would not have felt very i
bad if I had fooled him, as he had her; '
he said when he was coming to see me !
he had no one else. Also that he wanted j
a woman with no money, but before he
left the house he asked me for money, j
Then he returned at 2 o'clock and talked i
an hour and said I should not leave him j
and never should be any other's and ;
talked of killing us both, and said he j
could fix all our troubles, but did not
seem mad or excited, but seemed to feel
so sorry for this woman who he deceived,
he don't feel sorry for me I don't believe.
He said he wished he had waited until
spring. Afterward he said if he had
waited he would have married the other
woman. Now as God is my witness I be
lieve he repents his choice since I refuse
him the money. I believe it was for my
money he chose me. He said when she
cried and talked to him he Intended to kill
himself and me too. I ask God to guide
and direct me. I told him to think of the
A FLEET OF YUKON STEAMERS SUFFER IN KATMAI BAY.
During a Storm ttye Western Star and Pilgrim Were Driven Ashore and the Others
Fjad to Be Beached.
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 1898.
dear children and not to leave them
motherless, also that suicide Is murder
and I told him I had prayed for him and
for me, but he only seemed t6 think of
the woman he wronged. She wrote him
a long letter telling him how he wronged
her, and he says that has affected him
until he is unlit for work. He went away
out' on Broad— looking for rooms, I think,
to keep away from the shop and her. She
is a Christian Seventh-day Adventist. He
became angry about the money and said
he won't take care of me and my chil
dren: said he won't give me a cent when
he gets his money in the spring'; said I
am picking at him. I offered to go to
work at my trade to help make a living,
but he said no. I found in papers to-day
he has only rented machine $75, paid
110 in July and $3 per month and rent and
house rent due. He told me at last he
borrowed money and wants to repay it.
I said I won't pay your debts before I
married you. He jumped up and left
the room without a good-by. He has
spent $60 for me and no more. Has said
I am in the habit of leaving people, but
don't leave me. I think the money
trouble will grow worse. A man (Case)
was here to dinner yesterday. •*•'! think it
is him Henry owes money to. Mi. Brown
says Case is a sharper, and I think so too.
Henry says he was going to the city to
try to get work to get away from that
woman. He went to pec a rpal estate
man to sell out. I don't like his way
of talking suicide, I long for my dear
children, norae ajid mother. Oh, how can
I bear this torture and suspense and
misery. I may never see my children
here, but in heaven all is well. May God
who gave me breath take it away and
not an assassin. I have in bank money,
all of which I want my two children to
have, with my father or mother as
guardian or Mr. Hannon of Monterey as
guardian. I want my children to have
all my Jewelry and goods. I write this
after what happened to-day and am well
and calm and have no envy for any one
I trust that God will forgive all the
wrongs I have done and guide me. I am
Mrs. Sadie E. Carpenter, 315 Tenth street.
Oakland.
Address on envelope: Pearl and Maedell
Simpson, Monterey, Cal.
James Shillock of 3 Taylor street yes
terday made a statement to the police
in which he said he had known Sadie
Simpson prior to her marriage to Car
penter: that she called on him frequent
ly after her marriage and told him that
Carpenter wanted to get money from her
and that because she would not gtve it
to him he left her. She also told him that
she met her husband several times on the
street and asked him for money, but
never got any. The last time she met
him (which time is not definitely known)
he asked her for money with "which to
start in business. Mrs. Carpenter also
told Shillock that Carpenter was en
gaged to marry a girl in Oakland before
he married her.
William Soso, who has been mentioned
in connection with the death of Mrs. Car
penter, particularly In letters from Ser
geant Gilligan at Camp Chickamauga, is
at Centerville, Alameda County. Last
evening a Call correspondent saw him,
and he talked frankly and freely of the
case. He said he had known Sadie Car
penter since last January, and had been
very friendly with her. He was not sur
prised that his name became connected
with the case, but declared emphatically
that he had never been jealous of the
woman. She asked him to enlist in the
army and he complied with her request
by going to the recruiting officer and
passing the medical examination. Then
she begged him not to take the oath, and
dissuaded him from going to war. The last
time he saw her was July 3. Last Satur
day and Sunday Soso was in Centerville,
and could not have been in any way in
volved in the murder.
Chief Lees received a dispatch from
Sergeant Gilligan yesterday, In reply to
a message asking him about his refer
ences to Soso, in which he said he would
send all the information he had by mail.
Lochner was brought down yesterday
afternoon by an officer in citizen's
clothes. He wanted to see the remains
of Carpenter before they were taken
to Monterey for interment.
Business Is Brisker.
The annual report of the Surveyor of
the Port shows a marked increase both in
imports and exports during the past fiscal
year. In the year ending June, 1897, there
were 813,602 tons of dutiable goods im
ported, while In 1898 there were 977,868. Trie
increase in exports is still larger, as in
1857 there were but 11,824 tons of dutiable
goods against 54,964 in 1898.
. m ■
The Progressive Council.
The Progressive Council of the Order of
Chosen Friends will pay a visit to-mor
row night to Sunset Council in the
Social Hall of the Alcazar. Arrangements
have been made for a fine entertainment.
DISASTROUS
START ON A
LONG VOYAGE
The Moran Fleet That Left Seat
tle Last Month Is in Hard
Luck.
Steam Pipes Burst, Hog Chains Snapped,
Steamers Wrecked and Two Captains
Refuse to Go On.
Disaster after disaster seems to follow the Moran fleet of steamers
that left Seattle for St. Michael on June 2. Steam pipes burst, hog
chains snapped, one captain discharged for cause, two other captains got
"cold feet" and refused to continue the journey, one steamer a total
wreck, another damaged almost past repair and two barges laden with
coal lost, was the record up to June 28, when the vessels were in Katmai
Bay.
The Moran Bros.' fleet of steamers
that left Seattle for St. Michael on June
2 last and which waß given up as lost
has been heard from. A fortnight ago
the majority of them were in Katmai
Bay on the mainland of Alaska, bat
tered and strained, but "still in the
ring." The sternwheel steamer Western
Star and two barges laden with coal
were a total loss, the Pilgrim was badly
strained and damaged and had to be
patched up before she could proceed,
and the others lost their anchors and
chains and had to be beached to save
them from total destruction.
When the fleet left Seattle it. was
composed as follows: Sternwheel
steamers— J. H. Light, Pilgrim, D. R.
Campbell, F. K. Gustin. St. Michael,
Seattle, Victoria, Oil City, Robert Kerr,
Western Star, Tacoma and Mary E.
Graff, tugs Resolute and Richard Hol
yoke and steam schooner South Coast.
The flagship was the Pilgrim, on
which was Robert Moran and Captain
J. E. Lennon. The latter was chief
pilot and directed the course of the
fleet. The other vessels were to veport
to her by means of flags and signal
whistles. The Resolute had no tow
and acted as a messenger between the
Pilgrim and the remainder of the fleet.
The Holyoke had five big river barges
in tow on which were 150 tons of coal
each. The South Coast was also loaded
with coal.
The news of the fleet was brought
down by the schooner Kodlak from Ko
diak Island. The river boats and their
consorts met) disaster in the Shelakoff
Straits, and the news of the disaster
was brought to Kodiak by the steamer
South Coast. Katmai Bay is an open
roadstead on the mainland opposite Ko
diak Island. Among the passengers who
came down on the schooner was Cap
tain Norman Hodgson of the wrecked
steamer Western Star. He was very re
ticent about the matter, but between
him, Captain Thomas and Mate Malan
der of the Kodiak the following inter
esting facts were elicited:
When the fleet left Seattle it was the
intention to take the inside passage
to False Pass, through which the ves
sels were to steam into Bering Sea.
After leaving Port Muller the first stop
In Bering Sea, the fleet would make for
Cape Amacaya, then to Nuniwak Isl
and, to Hoopers Bay, to St. Michael.
The fleet had a fair weather passage
to Shelakoff Straits and the captains
were figuring on a safe and speedy pas
sage. On June 28 it began to blow, and
the vessels ran into Katmai Bay and
anchored. At 4 p. m. the entire fleet
broke away from the anchorage and
began to drift about. All had steam up
and a vain attempt was made to keep
head on to the wind, which at 7 p. m.
had increased to a strong gale from the
northeast.
About this time the river steamers
began to go ashore. The Robert Kerr
and Western Star drifted across the
bay. The Kerr was light and she luck
ily went over a reef and into smooth
water. The Western Star's machinery
broke down and Captain Hodgson sig
naled for assistance, but the Resolute
and Holyoke were busy with the St.
Michael and Tacoma, while the South
Coast was saving the Mary E. Graff
from going on the rocks. The barges
left to themselves dirfted on the beach.
Those that were coal laden went to
pieces, while the lumber laden were got
off little the worse for the accident.
The Western Star went over one
ledge of rocks, and while she was in
comparatively smooth water an at
tempt was made to repair her machin
ery. While this was being done a big
sea carried her onto another reef and
she went to pieces.
In the meantime all the other vessels
were being buffeted about in a terrible
manner, and in order to save them
from total destruction they had to be
beached under a bluff on the north
side of the bay. Later, when the gale
had somewhat abated, the St. Michael
F. K. Gustin, D. R. Campbell, Mary E.
Graff, Victoria, Pilgrim and Seattle
were grot into the Katmai River, while
the J. H. Light, Tacoma, Victoria and
Oil City were able to proceed to a safe
anchorage in Coal Bay.
When the disabled steamers were
safely In Katmai River the South
Coast proceeded to Kodiak. There she
secured all the anchors and chains that
were to spare in the place — extra sup
plies, as the stocks on board were run
ning low — and lumber to repair the
battered steamers. On July 2 the re
pairs had been made, preventers had
been put on the strained hog chains
and tightened up, the machinery over
hauled and everything was ready for
another start when the Kodiak sailed.
The following extracts are from a
diary kept by C. E. Cahill, chief stew
ard of the Empire Line steamer Seat
tle (one of the Moran fleet), and sent
via Kodiak to The Call. After de
scribing the wooding and coaling of the
fleet at Everett and Comax, Mr. Cahill
goes on to say: "We left Point Ru
pert at 4a. m., June 7. Crossing Queen
Charlotte Sound there was a heavy
ground swell and the steamers worked
considerably in consequence. The Ta
coma broke her steam pipe and we had
to tow her into Alexander Bay, where
repairs were made. Left Alexander
Bay on June 9, and next day passed a
stranded stern-wheel steamer. She was
well up on the beach and abandoned.
She did not belong to pur fleet, but was
evidently bound for the Yukon. We
could not make out hor name. June 11
arrived at Mary Island, where Captain
P. Neilson of the Pilgrim was paid off
and put ashore.
"June 16 — Took on water from a
mountain stream at Port Orford. All
the fleet getting ready, as the real work
is now about to begin. We are going
outside to face the music. From my
experience at sea I don't think we'll
make St. Michael unless wo have re
markably fine weather.
"June 19 — The Seattle broke her hog
chain and we had to put into Yakatat
for repairs. Captain Gilmore of the
Victoria and Captain E. E. Stanford of
the Mary E. Graff quit and went
ashore. The mates, whose names I
could not ascertain, took their places.
I asked our fleet officer why Captains
Gilmore and Stanford left, and he said,
'I guess they've got cold feet.'
"June 28 — Passing through Shelakoff
Straits. Fresh breeze in the morning
gradually increasing to a gaje. Put
into a half-sheltered bay (Katmai)
about thirty miles this side of Coal
Harbor. At Ip. m., anchored up close
to the beach. Wind increased to a
hurricane. The F. K. Gustin dragged
her anchor and fouled the Seattle. The
two steamers drifted down on the D.
R. Campbell, the latter's bow cutting
through the Seattle's guard and smash
ing: in the Bides of her house, also the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOMESTIC DEPARTMENT!
EXTRA VALUES
This Week!
250 dozen LINEN DAMASK NAPKINS, 22 Inches
square, new designs $1.50 dozen
150 dozen LINEN HUCK TOWELS, hemmed, extra
quality $1.50 dozen
40 pieces CREAM LINEN TABLE DAMASK, 60 inches
wide, all pure linen 50c yard
3 cases EXTRA QUALITY WHITE BEDSPREADS, full
size, hemmed $1.00 each
150 8-4xB-4 REVERSIBLE TAPESTRY TABLE
COVERS, heavy fringes and all new colorings
$2.50 each
200 pieces PRINTED LAPPET MULLS LACE DIMI-
TIES and JACQUARD SWISS , Ioc yard
5 cases NEW PRINTED PERCALES, 36 inches wide,
in. Indigos, Cochineals and light grounds
12^c yard
2STOTE.— We will also show this
week 175 pieces SCOTCH TENNIS FLAN-
NEL, in medium and light colorings,
Checks, Stripes and Plaids (warranted
fast colors) 3Oc yard
111. 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
wheel guard astern. Finally we got
clear, but by this time the Seattle was
stern to the wind and there was not
enough power in her engines to turn
her bow to the wind. Anchored again,
but anchors would not hold, and finally
the anchor chain parted. Finally, af
ter a great deal of trouble, we beached
her ar.d found ourselves in company
with the D. R. Campbell, F. K. Gustin,
Robert E. Kerr, Tacoma, St. Michael
and Mary E. Graff. The Western Star
dragged and went on a lee shore, and
at 3 a. m. on the 29th the Pilgrim fol
lowed suit. ,
"June 30— Western Star is a total
wreck. Hopes of saving the Pilgrim.
She Is sprung all over and the lower
sides of the house are washed away.
The house on upper deck is still stand
ing Mr. Moran is now taking the
passengers and calkers from all the
steamers and is going to try and float
her off. If successful he will put her
on a gridiron on the beach and recalk
and repair her. She will then be towed
to Dutch Harbor. The South Coast
is going to Kodiak to get gear to fix
up the Pilgrim. We expect to proceed
on our journey In a few days, leaving
the tug Resolute behind to tow the
Pilgrim to Dutch Harbor^
"Steamer Seattle."
The next news from the Moran fleet
will be awaited with interest, as the
roughest part of the journey (Bering
Sea) was still before them when the
above letter was written.
"WTLL BE DEPORTED.
Sity Chinese "Traders" Must Go
Back to the Rice Fields.
The fate* of sixty Chinamen who have
been held in custody for the past six
weeks was decided yesterday, and they
will be deported on the next steamer for
China.
JThe men all bore Canton certificates, de
scribing them as traders, but Collector
Jackson refused to admit them. as. to far
as his information went, the laws made
no provision for the admission of traders.
The examination showed that they had
been merchants in China, but as they
were described throughout the certificates
as traders they were refused a landing-,
and Collector Jackson asked the opinion
of the Attorney General on the matter.
He received a telegTam from Washington
yesterday to the effect that Chinese trad
ers are not entitled to admission, as they
are neither exempted by the law nor pro
vided for in the treaty.
Not a Hardship.
It Is surprising how. little hardship
the tax on tea (which it was supposed
would be the most unpopular one)
seems to be causing — i. c., at any rate
on this coast.
People don't seem to mind paying 10
cents a pound more on tea. It seems to
be regarded as a sort of contribution
which it is the pleasure of every Amer
ican citizen to make toward the sup
port of our fighting soldiers.
When the soldiers are marching down
to the transports it is a very hard
headed and harder hearted man who
can remain seated at his desk. The
American people respond very readily
to the call for troops, Government loan
and to war tax, so it seems that there
is very little suffering among tea
drinkers in this respect. Those who will
suffer from the war duty upon tea are
those grocers who have to sell the new
teas (with 10 cents a pound duty) in
competition with other grocers who
have on hand a stock of old stale tea,
which they can well afford to sell at
the old price.
Special Engagements by Frawley.
Manager T. Daniel Frawley Intends that
the new war drama, "A Gallant Surren
der," will not suffer for want of proper
Interpretation when It is staged at the
Coiumbia Theater next Monday night,
though it calls for an -extremely lengthy
and expensive cast. All the principals
of the popular organization will appear,
and in addition roles will be intrust
ed to people specially engaged for them.
Not the least important engagement is
that of the well-known actor, Harry
Malnhall for the role of Captain Bradley
Adams, U. S. A., and It will be equally
pleasant to note that Thomas C. Leary
will appear as Corporal McCar.n. The
stage of the Columbia Theater savors of
the appearance of a miniature Union Iron
Works, for here and there are scattered
incomplete war vessels to be utilized,
when finished, for the attack upon Rich
mond, which is followed by the capitu
lation of the Confederates. The last
scene of the play shows the surrender of
General Lee to General Grant.
Got Six Months Each.
James McDonald and Frank Gordon,
who broke into the grocery of William
Buchanan, 699 Bush street, a few nigrhts
ago and stole nine bottles of whiskey,
pleaded guilty to petty larceny yester
day and Justice of the Peace Barry, act
ing Police Judge, sentenced each to six
months in the County Jail.
Divorce Suits Filed.
H. D. Power filed suit yesterday against
his wife, Christina Power, for divorce, al
leging desertion as a cause of action. John
J. McConville has applied for a divorct*
from Maggie Conville. As a cause of ac
tion the plaintiff alleges desertion.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
FOX
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA, :
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lent**.
"Speedy, sure, gentle." ■ JiritUhiledteaUournat
', CAUTION: bee Mat the label bear* Vie rtffnch
rwre tf the firm.
Andreas Saxlehn»Fw .